'I HE Alin tiMETIC 01 REAL LIFE.

-----
I. The Tr.bles of Weights ind Measures, corrected throughout.
and ada;:ed to modern usage.
S. Obsolete and useless Rates explinged, and a much hrger por-
tion applied to Stocks, Estates, Annuities, Discounts, Rever-
gloms, l'outines, Banking, Insurances, Brukerage, Chances,
ilthangcs, &e. &c. as practised by Use Broktrs and cornmer-
'dal Companies of the City of London.
".Sere koam Its under each Rule than are to be found in any

other War. •
4. ;Ai-Atilt:us applied to Calints:ions of Annuities, Com.
pound Interest, Ste.
1111 dal w 9 published, prik Ss. 6d. bOuntl, with the II allow-
ance to Schools, ,
ASYSTEM of PRACTICAL ARITHMETIC
applicable to the present State of 'lra& and Money Tran
sa ;fins illustrated by numerous Examples, under 'each Role,
eSh.dy a3npted to the use of Schools.
:he itev. J. JOYCE, Author of Sciantific Dialosues, Ste.
new Aotlintetie is intended to obViate the complaint that
evt:y YGt:th on his ltierlog School and entering into the Count.
ir,..hot.se has, more to unlearn than he has learnt relative to the
arurl Calculations of business. Every Rule, and every Example,
I. t!ruwtt Ircra real practice, in the various branches if Trade, and
z..; rules, and obsolete Rules which have hitherto distgured our
1;1.41 of Arithmetic, hate givtiSplace in the present systm, is
.'!:.:i•rties of real lift.

for RACHAIID PAILLIVN London • and to be bad of
'W. Berry, Edinbufgh ; York; MG:dry, Gniusbnrough ;
,•thlar: and 00. ; hi. Kt'ene, Dublin ; antl all other Book-
t'rts.--Also, a KEY to the above, eontainixr all the Answers
zn,,st of the Solutions; vet,: kad zs length ?tar the reference of
llasters; price 2s. W. •
And speedily will be published, the following Works, neeeasau
r yLtern of Coramitcial Edr.cation :

1. A DicrioNAti of Trade and Commerce, by T. Mortimer,

•! A GRAMMAR.Of the Principles of Trade and Commerce,
smith, L. L. D. price 2i. ed.
• A SysTru Of PRACTICAL 811at.4106111111, for Schools, by
A • 41ertison, piti“ fe.

LEICESTERSHIRE. ' *
TO BIF. SOLI) BY AUCTION,r.
At the Bell's 1-lei.l lan, Loughborough, atitirtlitie in the
Month of September tied, • •
SUNDRY valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES,
comprisize the principal Pad dal* Town of Lnu:lib.trough,
and several Farms, Mills, abti Laids, containing upwards lieu
Acres, situate in the Lordships of Loughbomugh,
Woodshorp!, Querndon, Woodhouse, Stoney Stanton, 1\ /edified,
Plathern, tint= Burton on the Woulds, Barrow upon Soar,
Sheen Moor, Mount Sorrell, and the Hundred of Frandand, aIl
In the County of Leicester, which, for the convenience of Pur-
chasers, will be divided into small Lots. Notice in duo little will
be given of the pant:War days e.f Sale, and pti•steti particulars
will be ready for deliver y one Month previous thereto, and tnay
be had at the principal Inns in Leicester, Louzlihorough, Derb'y
and Nottingham; of Jo'ni Evans, Esq. St.. Mildred's Court, Poul-
try; and of Mr. Clariege, Pali Mall, London, where Plans of the
E•tares may be seen. _ -

Yokot-HIRE.
FOR SALE irt AUCTION,

. _
At the George Inn, Coney-sta set, in the City of York, on Thor.-
day,"the 49th day of June, at lure o'Clock in the Afternoon,
A VERY compact nad improvable FREEHOLD
j- L ESTATB,•called High and Low Barmby, situate in the
Toituship of Buttetcrumb, in the Parish of Bossall, about tea
miles distant from Mahon, and ten from York, containing
441.5. OR. nil'. be the same more or !els, of excellent Arable,
Meadow, Pastan and Wood Land, with a great proportion of
rich Grazing Land and Old Sward, now divided into Two
Farms, in the occupation of Messrs, Foster and Sherwood, at
very low Rents, and of which possessbin may be had at Lady...
day next.
'Phis Estate is situate on the River Derwent, navigable to
Malton, and open to the Port of Hull; is compact in farm, in-
closed and subdivided with 'good Fences ana .ornamented bra
considerable quantity of thrifty' Young Timber, is situate on an
eminence, in a beautiful Country, and will stilt any person wishing
to form a Reddens as *eau the pursuit of Agriculture.
May be viewed by applying to the Tenants; or to Mr. Buckle,
Peasehohne Green, York; and •printed particulars had at the
pnncipal innit at M.Uton, Beverley and •Hull ; at pie George Inn
and Herald Offic.,, in York ; and further particulars may be
known of Mr..Munby, Solicitor, York; of Messrs. Neeld and
Fladgate, Solicitors; Norfolk-street ; or of .Mr. Claridge, Pall-
Mall, London„where a Plan of the Efate may be seen.

lAMES SKELTON, aged 26, of Walton on the
• rim, Epsom, Surrey, was stye; years afflicted with seven or
eight holes in. his right leg, and between 1/0 and ICO pieces of
bone came away during that peeled. The discharge and weakness
increasing, unable unassisted to move, taking off hii kg was pro-
prowl to save his life. He then confidently appii,,cl to SPH.S-
111TRY's PATENT ANT ISCORBUFIC DROPS; In a year
and a half, by them alone, he is restored to health, and it is now
three years since he. has folloWed his laborious occupation. He
will sltisly any in9utries, personally, or by fetter, postpaid. The
genuine Medicine has the words " Ey the King's Patent," ex-
Pressed on the bottle, bill of direction, and outside wrapper; and
the King's duty is printed in black ink. Sold at the Dispensary,
No 15, Soho-square, London, in small bottles of ss. tid. double
bottles 10s.; and larger 1L 25. Compound Essence c• allay un-
pkteaut irritation, et.

4th Us:to—Ensign John Rawly, from the-48th. Foot, to be Lieu-
tenant, without purchase.
6th Ditto—Ct-rnet the Hon. Charles Gore,.from the 14th Light
Dragoons, to ha Ensign, without purchase, -.z.ce Western, pro-
moted in the 29th Foot ; Walter Neon; Gent-to be Ensign,
without purchase, vice Tvlacglashaa, prpinoted * tiara 54th
Foot.
9th Ditto--I.ieuter..ant Wm. John Lankalit front the 34 Dra-
goons, to be Lleutenaalt, vice Ogle,who exchanges.
11th Ditto—Ensign John Ttyth."ll, from the Durham Militia, to.
be Ensign. • , • .-
13th Ditto—E:iscsii Henry Eastmann, from the Ist flomermtMi-
litia, td be k:nsign ; Ensign J. Richardson, from ditto, to be
Ensign.
16th Ditto—l.ientenant Frederick Welch to be Cap!ain Of a Com-
pany, without purchase; Ensign Wm. Pearce; front tie *nit
Foot, to he Lieutenant, without 'purchase; Ensign Robert
Erown,e to be Lieutenant, vice Welch. •
20th Ditto—Major Andrew Wittchope, from the Royals, to be
I.ienteitant-Colonel, by purchase, vice Campbell, who retires;
Lieutenant Rochfort Illoomfield to be Paymaster, vice sanders,
• who resigns.
22d Ditto--Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Kelso to be Lieu-
tenatit-Celonel, vice Mercer, deceased; Captain Wm. t;haw to
be Major, vice Kelso.
24th Ditto—Henry Fryer, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice
. Clarke, appointed to the td k^giment of 1 • Guards.
25th Di:to—Alexander Buchan, Gent to be Ensign, without pur-
eh:lv!, vice Strangeways, promoted in the 59th Foot.
27th Ditt,,—Ensign John Wright, from the Lonzford Militia, to

be Ensign.
29th Ditto—Lieuttnint Ambrose Newbold to be Captain of a
Company-, syithout purchase, vice Creagh, promoted in the 95th
loot; Ensign Benjamin Wilde to be Lieutenant, vice
bold ; George Edward ironside, Gent. to br Ensis, vice Wilde.
SOth ReAitnent of Foot.
To be Litutenants—Ensigrs John Dillon, George Rumley, Geo.
Adamson, and Richard Mayne.
To be Ensior—Charles Elliott, Gent. vice Dillon; Arthur Wm.
Ferenr, Gent. vice Howley; John Burnley, Gent, vice Adam-
son; Andtesv Thompson, Gent. vice Mayne; George Wm.
Augustus Niue; Gent. •
33d Ditto--.Lletatettant Morgan O'Meara to be Captain of a Com-
pany, vice Paul, deceased ; Wm. rode, Gent. to be Lnr:gn, by
purchase, vice llred,promoted.
34th Ditto—Ensign I tom pson to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice 'low, promoted ; Ensign—Wash to be ditto,
vice Fellowes, tiecea'sed.
40th Ditto—Ensign Malone to be Lieutenant, vice Hibbert,
deceased; Surgeon Charles 13oatflower, &um the 9Gth Foot,
to be Surgeon, vice Me•ade; promoted t.l the Staff.
42d Ditto—James White, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice
G. A. Munro, promoted.

4Sth Ditto--Val. Bloomfield, Gent. to be Ensign, without pur-
chase, vice Rently, promoted in the 4th Foot.
49th Ditto—Lieutenant 11. H. Wall to he Captain of a Company,
without purchase; Ensign John Shaw to be Lieutenant, with-
out purchase; Ensign and Adjutant guneelLs Gibbon to have
the Rank of Lieutenant ; Ensign Thomas Lamont to be Lieu-
tenant, vice Viral! ; Fairfax, Gent. to be Ensign, vice Shaw.
50th Ditto—Lieutenant Charles Grant, from the 78th Foot, to
be Captain of a Company, by purchase, vice Armstrong, who
retires ; Lieutenant Robert Armstrong, from the 'Monaghan .
Militia, to be Ensign.
52d Ditto- - Love, Gent. to be Ensign, withdut purchase,
vice Adry, resigned; Gentleman Cadet Charles Dawson,
from the Royal Military College, to be ditto, vice Ward, pro- '
moted.
54th Ditto—Ensign Thomas Macglashan, from the 6th Foot, to
be Lieutenant, without purcha e.
55tb Ditto—Lieutenant J. L. M'De.tell to he Captain of a Com-
pany, without purchase ; Ensign Weeks to be Lieute-
nant, vice M'Donell ; Robert Irvine, Gent. to be Ensign, vice
Weeks.
59th Regiment of Foot.
To be Lieutenants—Ensigns James Strangeways from the 25th
Foot, John Lloyd, J. I. I;roheir from the 4th Garrison Batta-
lion, Abraham Dent, Itichard Howard, Roger Langley, John
Cowper, lienry Daunt, and William Hoystead.
To he Ensigns—Ensign John R. Kell, from the Bth Garrison Bat-
' mlion, vice Lloyd ; Lieutenant George F. Freeze, from the Ist
Somerset Militia ; John Bowes Daly Kelly, Gent. vice Dent ;
Lewis Carmichael, Gen;. vice Howard.
60th Ditto--Hospital-Mau Thomas Cooolly a be Alistrat-
S organ. .

• BAN KM.; P. WY ENLARGED.
July 29. John I.obban, late cf Great Wild-strees;
Fields, Middlesex, coach-plate founder, st tea, at Guildhall.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDBD,
Thomas Pitt, of the Strand, Middl,sea, hosier.
•
BANKRUPTS.
William Benton, of Stoneywell, parish of Longdon, Staffordshire,
miller, to surrender June es, 37, and July 22, at eleven, at the
flitch of Bacon :an, Whichnor, Staffordshire. Artornles; 'Mr.
Bond, I.ichneld ; or Mr. Lambert, No. 89, Hatton-Gard ::1,
Lo::don.
John Tomlinson, of Barlaston, Staffnrdibire, boat-builder atd
timber-merchant, July 6, at three, July 7, and 22, a v,.n,
at the Crown Inn, Stone Attornles, Messrs. J. and it 'A" ;114,
Warn f ird-court, London; or Mr. Vernon, Stone, Staffor rare.
Williams Ellam, late of Wiudle) Lancashire. tanner, deal r -
chaprnan, July 3,4, and 22, at three, at the Legs of Maa
Bull Inn, Present, Lancashire. Attorr.ies, Messrs. J.righ _
Masan, New Bridge-street, Loudon ; or Mr. Rovrson, Pn.scot.
George Clarkson, of Erl.tol, cabinet-maker, dealer ana chapman,
Jntte 12, 24, and July 22, at eleven, at the Bu=ts Tavern, "
Evistol. Attcrnies, Aar. Henry Davis, Bristol; or Mr. !Arai
N 0.12, Gray's-Inn-square, 1.o:“.ion.
Edward Allen and Isaac Hancock, both of P.ri;tol, navy cont!
tors and copartners, duelers and clianme.n, Julie 12, 20, and Jut
22, at eleven, at the Bush Tavern, in Corn-street, BristoL-:-
Attornies, Messrs. Price and Williams, No. 9, I.incoba's-1.-
London ; or Mr. D. Ilurgcs,
Robert Lawrence, of Prospect-row. near Duckhead, Berm(
sty, Surrey, corn and coal dealer, deal..r and chapman,
13, 20, and July 23, at ten, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr
binsno, Prospect-mw, Bermondsey.
John Pearson, of Holyhe.ol, in the Island of Anglesey, in Noi
Wales, stationer, dealer and chap:nail, June 90, 21, and July
at eleven, at the Union Tavern, Union-rreet,
Atternies, Messrs. Swain, Stevens, and Maples, Old Jewry,
London ; or Mr. Whately, Birmingham.
Thomas Tinian, of Salter's-Hall-court, Cannon-street, London,
wine-merchant, June is, at twelve, June 24, and July 22, at
one, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Allison, Freeman's-court,
William Barclay, late of Manchester-Wadi/Ip. se
• BN‘erte:lthlY;)thdiet'a.rlierfl'ainidddelhesapeEigari'lacii(ob,.cultouun:e,ll.7a2,el2m:ll.4eltlte.testnen
GL
twelve,•and July 22, at eleven', at Guildhall. Attars:tits,
let
'Rogers and Son, Manchester-buildings, Westminster.
Jubn Chapman, of Dalston, Middlesex, and of Great
Holborn, flour-!actor, dealer and chapman, June 1
July 92, at twelve, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Jf
34, Fore-street, London.
William Mitchel, of Falmouth, Cornwall, vintner,
chapman, June 17, at eleven, June 24, at twelve, 7
at eleven, at Guildhall, London. Attorney, Mr. 1,
No. 15, Bush-lane, Cannon-street, I.onden.
William Rowell, of Moulton-Marsh, Lincolnshire,.
and chapman, June 13, July 1, and 22, at eleven,
Eagle Fun, Lincoln. Attornies, Mr. Cope, BostOn,
shire ; or Mr. Wilson, Greville-street, Hatton,Garsien.
James Young, of Queen-street, London, merchant, r
eleven, June 24, at twelve, and July 151, at elevel;
Attorney, Mr. Duthie,
Richard Dean, late a the Starond Garter Tavern, Kees
tavern-keeper, June 13,24, and July
Attornies, Messrs. Julbon and Wheildon, Old irentford,
Np. 6, Crown-Office-row, Temple London.
Joseph Weedon, of Albion-place, ilackfrisr's-Road,
Christchurch, Surrey, hosier dealer, and chaprnan,
onc, June 15, at twelve, anti July Et, et ten, at Guildne.-
Attorney, Mr. Rogers, Copthall.eonst, Thnmnortou-strett,
London.
Thomas Nicholls, of Birmingham, Warwithsitire, Ilms10"
chapman, June. 26, 27, and July 22, It elevext,at the Ta•
vern,llinninghtm. Attornie4, Mr. Egerton, Oray's-innispipm,
Loudon; or Nit. Stubbs, Birmitiglasat.

net., deal r an I
egs of Man ,tnd
czars. I.righ and
:owsoh, Prtscot.
,r chapnan,
Bit:+t '1 avvrn, in
or Jaraes,
4, navy contrac-
2, 20, and July i•
treet, 13ristoL— ac
Lincoln's-Inn,
tend, Bermond-
chapman, June
&rimy, Mr Ro.
glesey, in North
21, and July 21, tf
Birmingham.—
.• •
el, Old Jewry, i•
'street, I.ondon,
and July 22, kr
'teetnan's-tourt,
ie the thy of
r I a the King's
5
en, hue 24, at
tattles, Messrs.
Linder.
3reat •Tarnstile,
ti
tine 17, 24, and
Ir. John Pullen,
net, dealer and
we, and July 22,
J. R.ll ighatqes
s, jobber, dealer
Is, at the Spread •
oaten, LlucOhlo.
-Garden. •
1, June 17,1 d
els; at Gail4l.all.
0, Kew-Brldge, 41,
tn, at Goildhait.
Bradford, or at
Zola!, parish of •
san, June 13, at
at Guildhall.—
gsnorton-strest,
Ire, dealer and l .
,
it the &ran Ta•
W.-11014MM I

basis, suggesting only some more liberal principles ; ►
for example ; some melioration in the criminal code ;
4 that under proper qynlitications, every citizen might
be admissible-to the highest offices in the State; but
above all, that deputies from our Italian and Ultra-
{
should
sit n the Senate ; or, what
• would stiff be better, a liOuse of Representatives,
fairly elected, as a check to * Senate. With these
improvements, we should, I trust, attain as nearly to
perfection as is possible in the imperfect institutions cf
men. ...tnittst 'bore add one thing. I have been re.
pioachedbY several respectable Italian Gentlemen,
Snow in England, for speaking only of Venice : this I
did, because I thought I had no right to speak of
any other. country; but certainly I should be very
happy to see all Italy united into one federal govern-
ment ; as it would not only contribute to its internal
welfare, but it wonldform an effectual barrier against
any future invasion from France. But whether this
restoration be expedient or not, must depend on the
wisdom of the August Sovereign who has heroically
taken up arms, and risked his own existence to pre-
serve the independence of his country, against a man
who knows cf no limits to his ambition. If it should
net be deemed expedient, I am sure there is none of
you but would prefer to be under a pious, just, hu-
mane Sovereign ; the descendant of many princes,
than under a rapacious, despotic usurper : for, who
in the name of Heaven, can like Buonaparte ? Is it
the Royalists ? Certainly not. For he has dethroned
or degraded every legitimate prince he could reach.
Is it the Republicans ? 'Even less ; for lie has put
down every republic, and every free city in Europe.
He has re-established slavery among the negroes, and
has destroyed every vestige of liberty wherever his
influence could extend. The ancient nobility surely
cannot like him, for he has degraded that respectable
body, by raising over them a set of low, mean in-
triguers. Nor can the great mass of the people be
his friends ; for he has placed over them an fipstart
nobility, of which nothing can be more insolent,
more overbearing, more oppressive.; for helms doom-
ed all their youth to be his sl.:ves, to shed their blood
in his life-time, whenever his restless mind has new
schemes of aggrandizement ; and, after hisdeatie in
the wide spread wars which must inevitably ensue,
among the successors of his unwieldy empire.e-
Where then shall we find his friends ? Why, in the
very worst class of society ; in intriguing men with-
out property, without rank, without principles : who
-want to get riches and power by any foul means, as
they are not capable to do it by fair ones. Candour,
however, obliges me to allow that an exception must
be made of a number of worthy well-meaning men,
who, hurt at the evils they see in their own countries,
imagine that any change must be for the better: but
they are woefully mistaken, if they expect any thing.
generous, any thing favourable from 'Napoleon Buo-
naparte.
Perhaps sortie will say,' how comes it that you
have not discovered all this long ago, and have not
spoken before ? Indeed, I have discovered it long
since; and long since have I manifested my detestation
of the man. I have discovered it ever sincehis treachery
to Venice in the year 1797 ; and hence, I never could
be persuaded to be presented to him. I never could
declare myself a citizen of the Cisulpine, . or Italian
Republic ;' :tad I wandered about Europe without
. any protection, rather than be under HIS. However,
as he had done me individually no wrong, it was not
till his actions became too horrid, that I thought all
ties of gratitude were torn asunder. This period I
thought was come, when he violated all his most so-
lemn engagements to France, to Italy, to Holland ;
when he successvely committed the murders of Ce.
rachi, his Countryman, Arena, of Toussaint Louver.
ture, of tte Duke d'Enghein, of Palm—then I wrote
the paper alluded to in my letter to Prince Charles :
then I came to England, and as afterwards his pro-
• g, ess in crimes proceeded in proportion to his succes-
ses, when he babel), insulted and robbed the venera-
ble head of the church, to whom, if he had not the
heart of a tyger, he would have felt sentiments of
gratitude, and not cf hostility; when he treacherously
allured into his hands, the unsuspicious 'Princes of
Spain, and by a mock -abdication, pretended to give
a colouring to the most odious usurpation recorded in
history; I cot."nued firm in my purpose, notwith-
standing the many bitter discouragements I have ex-
perienced. Pardon this personal digression, but cruelly
attacked, I must defend myself. I now return to
My subject. Whatever be the decision of his Impe-
rial Majesty, I am certain you.will not.hesitate in the
choice. You will By to the armies of Austria—and,
if successful, you will be liberated froth the present
intolerable tyranny., You will not then have 50 per
tent. of your property takcn from you, to feed the
disgusting luxury of a heap of needy, foreign adven.
turers. Yon will not see the Role, Religion of our
forefathers insulted. Von *in net see your sons
dragged from your houses to perish in distant lands,
in wars not our own. But I confess the prospect now
is not very aattcring ; yet there is no reason to be
dismayed. The loccupation ,of the capital is not the
conquest of so Considerable an empire as Austria; after
the capture of Vienna, there still remains 15 millions of
people unsubdeed. Provided his Imperial Majesty be
not the Tic tim ofevil counsellers in sign ing a peace which,
while the enemy is on his territories, would be only
utter submission ; provided the people are determined to
defend their country from invaders, from which they
have only toevect plunder and galling chains, there
is no occasion to despond. Madrid also was taken in
a few weeks. Is Spain for that conquered ? Far
from it. The enemy has made no progress since ;
and there is every rens( e to hope that the brave Spa-
niards will -ultimately succeed in liberating their
country from the most unprovoked invasion that ever
was known A &vadat storm is gathering in the.
rear of the French army—from the Scheldt to the
-Elbe all is hostile to the French ; and, if this country
should deem it advisable to lend its assi4ance, which
can be done with great facility, England abounding
at this moment With money, and every other means
for a most eitensive and vigorous war, an artily of
two hundred thousand men would be' shortly or-
ganized in the North of Germany. With this force
la the rear, and with 300,000 men, the Archduke
Charles commands in the front of the French army,
Bunny must have more than his usual good for.
tune, if he make a safe retreat to France. Then most
Pe
ebabli the-brave French nation would at last be
To. uted to break their inglorious chains. But it is my
nerritileopinion ther on this point no foreign interfeience
"'I" be used, 'en it would excite jealousy. No,
• whatever the Frenth Won chuse to do in their own

country, they must be left to dolt by themselves. Such,
my friends, are yet the prospects of success. If, how-
ever, it should please the StntaILMIL DISPOSER of human
events to continue the punishment of our sirs, and to
prolong the reign of this scourge of the human race,
I shall certainly lament your fate; but for my own
part, whatever may be my losses, whatever may be
my sufferings, I shall feel happy in the thought of its
being an atonement for the crime of having abandon-
ed that honourable post to which I was called by
every duty.
Wishing you all every prosperity, I remain your
faithful servant, and affectionate fellow•countryman.
Bath, June 6, 1609. ZENOBIO.

• ; A RESIDENT CURATE
; • wANTEpimmedi„o4 ly in a, Parish in the neigh-i
botiabOod aDaford. He must be la full Orders.--Afply
by letter, -inentionlifs tefwences, post paid, to A.A. A. at the
Printer of Jackson's Journal, (Word.
7'o THE PEOPLE OF VENICE.
PittENDS AND FEI,Low-COuNTRYMIN--111ariiiave
been the wrongs 6f which I have been
resisted her laws :
I have early deserted her. But I trust, the many sa-
.
krifices I have lately made, of every comfort, of every
• feeling, of every personal consideration, end what
how make for her welfare, will obtain for me not only
your forgiveness, but also your confidence.
In the letter I had the honour to write to his Impe-
-1 rill Highness the Archduke Charles, a Prince who
happily possesses, what but seldom goes United, the he-
roic valour of a warrior, with every virtue of a milder
cast—l respectfully expressed my wish for the re-
establishment of our ancient Republic ; it is now ne
cessary that I should state my motives. Here they
are. That I believe from my heart it would be for
your happiness, and that it is the general wish of you
all ; for I am certain, but a few of you remain taint-
ed with the evil spirit of democracy. Democracy
can be properly established in those countries only,
where there is an equality of property and education;
but where thisdisproportion is very great, as is the case
in every part of Europe, with the exception of the
smaller Cantons of Switzerland, such a system throws
the. government into the hands of the needy and igno-
rant; and, in consequence, inevitably opens the door
to every sort of violence and absurdity; as happened
ill ancient Rome, and as we have seen in our days in
France : of this infatuation, few remain among you
but what arc cured ; and not one who loves the pre-
sent degraded state of low slavery. During the
33 frenzy produced in the human mind by the
I French Revolution, it became the fashion to load with
abuse a respectable State which frr ages had formed
the admiration of the world, and of the most celebra-
ted writers on history and politics, both in Italy and
foreign countries : the most zealous republicans in
England, Harrington and Sydney, in their learned
works, repeatedly declare Venice'to be the model of
• a perfect Republic.
It was reserved for our times of arrogance and ig-
norance, to represent the Venetian Patricians as a set
a of petty tyrants, haughty and imperious, whom no law
could bind. You know, my dear countrymen, how
false is this representation. Hear the opinion of one
of the most judicious English historians. gg In the,
Venetian Government," says Hume, the whole'
body of Nobility, possesses the whole power, and no'
Nobleman has any authority which he receives not
om the whole." Again the same author, 46 A no-
bility who possess their power in common, will pre-
serve peace and order among themselves and their
subjects ; and no member ems have authority enough
• to cnntroul the laws for a moment. The nobles will
preserve their authority over the people ; but without
any grievous tyranny, or • any breath of private pro-
petty." Thus it was, we were only sovereigns in a
collective body ; individually, we returned to our own
private stations. We had no privileges above our
• fellow citizens. We paid the save: taxes, were amen-
able to the same laws, rand feudaii:y was unknown in
I our republic. This nobility, invidiously represented
as preying on the vitals of the country, served the
public,•(*ith the exception of a few decayed families,
who had moderate. pensions of about £lOO a year,)
without any emolument; nay more, t;:e wealthy
among us spent a great. part of their fortunes in the
public service. Is it so in any other country ? I know
of none, where the richest. nobility refuses to enjoy
lucrative places. As to the accusation of haughtiness,
nothing can be more lithe: appeal to those of my
countrymen who have travelled. Did you find any
t where the' nobility so affable as in Venice ? In no
cenn•l y do I know the law business so well conducted
as it was in Venice. The laws were few and clear;
tEe process simple ; and the expense so moderate, that
the poorest person was not prevented by it from going
to laiv with the wealthiest nobleman in the land. The
judgments of our civil courts of Justice, Theessasantie,
were noted for their purity ; and if there was any
leaning in a doubtful case, it was on the side of the
poorest party. With regard to the criminal justice,
certainly there might be room for melioration : it was
modelled on the Roman system where juries were un-
known ; but it was entrusted to men of the highest
•
character arid cape? fence ;. and I never heard the
Council of X. accused of con-iiption • and certainly,
in the latter times,they were far from being too severe.
. .I•come now to speak of that awfUltribunal which has
been represented to be as inexorable as the three judges
is the hell of Virgil. Great undoubtedly was the power
of the, inquisitors of state ; but is was intrusted not to
One man • not to inexperienced youths; not for a long
cii*Anindefinite period ; not to is above the law;
hot t 6 three persons who couli)edreTberate only when
! I
unanimous tomen in full maturity of age, who had
gradually passed through the highest (Aces of state,and
were amenable to the laws likeeveryother citizen. Under
such niodificationslt could not be abused, and infect it
• was not. I speak from personal experience; for I fell
myself under the diipleasure of this Tribunal ; and
''they were a great deal too indulgent io me ; they
, ...live been also too lenient towards the most notorious
partizans of the French . Revolution, and the most
noted conspirators against the State. This Tribunal
was the protecwr of the weak, the terror of the wicked.
Oh you, my deluded countrymen, who could not bear
the paternal vigilance of a Tribunal composed of the
most venerable individuals among your fellow-coun-
trymen, hOw do you like now to be under the clutches
. of a Ponce Minister, the low tool of a foreign inexo-
rable master? We well deserve what we suffer.
}rom what I have hitherto acid, it is evident that my
•
wish is for the re-establishment of our Republic, nearly
in its ancient farms ; consequently, what L say in my
letter, of 'nor: liberalprincirld, need not alarm those
• who from sacs experience uread all innovations. No,
wold have nearly that same Republic, which has
• laited for nearly 14 centuries, and which, during- that
vatraorilirtiry long period, has preserved the country
ti 1 from rile greatest evils of civil society, religious and
Is there any other country can boast of
civil wars,
this ? is' Cie. we -ascribe the stability and wisdom of
the yvetian C;r4d, -krument, through so many ages, to
an thbut 4of government t" Observe
11a4,y01) • above ;Plow' author ;In re-establishing
a
'gain our
I wovid go again open the • Sahli
•
•
