PANORAMA OF TILE BRITISH

EMPIRE.

DUBLIN MORN 'h POST, Jul, 26.
DOCTOR DOYLE'S LITTER TO SPRING lIICIThis
enlightened Divine, so much and so falsely calumniated by
Lord Farnham, in the admirable work which occasioned the
overflowing or bile in the noble lord, describes the improve-
ment of the public feeling in Ireland (p. 41) with singular
force and eloquence. We extract the following short pas.
sage :—" But as the people of this nation multiplied, flay',,
waxed strong. They caught a glimpse of knowledge, as
Moses saw the Deity whilst it passed by, and the multitude,
warmed and invigorated by it, overthrew and broke down
that fortress of corruption which had held them so long an.
slaved. This popular might, operating upon Parliament.
has bid a new order of things to arise in Ireland. The Go.
vemment is already more than half emancipated from the
slavery of corruption.—the courts of justice are being gradu-
ally purified—the boards and public offices are every where
cleared, or clearing out—peculation is now obliged to work
in secret—public moneys are now accounted for—jobs, to
pass current, must be highly varnished—and a deer
though not yet published, has gone forth against the evil
deeds of grand juries. Nay, it is even allowed to tell the
world, that the Irish church establishment must yield to
common sense and public interest ; and that it is too revolts
ing to allot the tenth of the lands and produce of the most
fertile but poorest nation in Europe to a clergy, whose fol-
lowers do not amount to even a tithe of the people. There
is, finally, a tribunal already established by public opinion
in Ireland, and though it may not yet be formally i
nised as the curios mar•um, or vindea injuriaruns on
country, it undoubtedly already exercises the powers and
privilege of a supreme court."
This, then, is the man denounced by Lord Farnham as a
conspirator, if the speech attributed to his lordship be mar-
rect. Had the country many such conspirators, babai
would be happier and richer than she is.
Balm; SMITH'S CusatoE.—We have derived GO small
degree of instruction and of pleasure from the perusal of
the luminous and constitutional charge of this enlightened
and excellent Judge. How dire must be the infliction upon
the minds of some amongst the Wexford Grand Jury from
its perusal—how much resembling a sentence of condemnation
does it appear, contrasting and defining as it does, in a man-
ner not to be misunderstood, the duties of a "Grand" and
a " Petit" Jury.
A PROTENTANT CLIRGYMAN APPEALING AGAINST
• VESTRY ASSESSMENT I—At the Thornastown Sessions,
which terminated on Friday last, was tried an appeal against
the assessment at the last vestry, for the parish of Knock-
topher. The Rev. H. Hamilton, the Rector of the parishoras
Chairman of the vestry, and the Rev. Hercules La
propertyngtishe,
as a gentleman having property in the perish, and paying
church tax, appealed against the assessment of 1641. 25.10 d
amounting to about sd. per acre, for a country pieta.
Quere—How many Protestants in it ? Mr. Langris des
dared in Court, that in lodging the appeal he was mama
solely by a desire to obtain justice from his fellow.perieb.
loners, and a wish to uphold the sacred character of religion,
and of the Protestant Church, on which disgrace wan
brought by such acts as this. The assessment was set adds
altogether, in consequence of informalities in the notice*
for the vestry, and thus was prevented the exposure alike
would have taken place, had each hen] been investigated by
the Court.—Kilkenny Journal.
JVLY 23.—There is little of any description of grain at
market, and prices ere quoted nominally. A few barrels if
new beer were brought in on Thursday and yesterday, which
brought fair prices. Wheat 21a per 20 stone ; barley Us ed.
(new beer) per 16 ditto; oats 12s 2d to 14s per 14 ditto;
fading oats, 14s 9d per barrel.
FLoun.—The sales for the week amounted to 16891 cwt.
(or 11441 bags) at an average of 19s 61d per cwt. for Sao
flour. We have no alteration to note in prices, viz. Ist
quality, lib to 21s; 2d ditto, 17s to 19s; household,
12. to lfis ; 3d quality 5s to Gs; oatmeal, 13s 6d to Ids
per cwt.
BUTTER.—TO merchants, jlia. 746, 708,665, 625, 525...
To the country, Rs, 655, his, 575, 535, 434; Firkins, la
5d ; Kegs, Is.
W RISK ET.-6s 7d per Irish gallon.
HlDES.—Market hides. 344 to 36s per cwt; salted den
' 371 to 42s per ditto ; market calf skins, 3d to 4d per Mg
salted do. 3d to 4d per do : dried calf skins, 6d to 8d peg
do; salted kips 4d to 46d per ditto; veal skins, 4d to did
per do.
Fresh butter, 8d to 9d per lb ; beef, 4d to Gd par lb
mutton. 3d to 5d per ditto ; veal, Gd to 7d per do; pork, Ild
to 341 per do.
Old hay 375 to 70s; new ditto, 'sos per ton; straw, 24e
to 40s per do.
New potatoes. 4d to ad ; old ditto, 3d to frd pa weight
of 21 lbs.
WooL.—The price of wool is rather stationary, Teton lea
Gd to 14.. for good combing parcels; clothing South Down,
from 15s to lOs ; and Merino, well washed. bring from 16.
to 17s per stone.
MORNING REGISTER, July 26.
GRAND SHAM FIGHT IN THE PIHENIIPASE.OII 20*
turday the different guards throughout the city and by
vicinity were relieved at an early hour, preparatoey r a
grand field derv, of which, we believe, the inhabitants of
Dublin had no previous intimation. At half-past two o'clock
the following regiments, cavalry and infantry, viz. Ist Dra.
goon Guards, 10th Hussars:l Royal Scotch Fusileer Feat
Guards, 70th and 92d Foot, together with the artillery front
Island.bridge, formed into line on the plain facing Al
northern side of the Wellington testimonial, and from
thence proceeded, by several routes, to the fifteen acme, the
scene of the evolutions which followed. The depot of the
GOth Rifles, to whom was allotted the part of skirmishers to
the supposed enemy, had, previous to the movement, owe-
pied the wood on the western side of the fifteen acres. and
there awaited the approach of the grand army, which,
shortly after three o'clock, made its appearance in three di.
visions, which were flanked by the artillery and cavalry In
front of the ambuscading party. The fight.commenced by
the skirmishers opening a scattered fire on the advancing
party, who instantly retreated, covered by discharges of ar.
tillery, and by successive charges of the cavalry. -The skir-
-1 Webers next advanced, availing themselves of every bush
and dyke, from under cover of which they annoyed the re•
treating forces. by frequent and well-directed discharges of
their rifles. These, and several other movements, which
lasted fully an hour and a half, terminated by the whole
army, skirmishers, and all, forming into line, and marching
to their respective quarters.
Amongst the last arrivals at Quebec, of vessels from Ire-
land, with emigrants, we find the following :—Fisher, from
Belfast ; Eleanor, Sligo; George Wilkinson, Belfast; Chil-
ies, Dublin ; Chance, Belfast; Brown, Westport ; Sally,
Dublin; Litetick ; Andrew Nugent, Sligo; Iphe•

genie, Dublin • Kent, Derry; Dorothy, Derry; Thomas,
Gehtone Belfast; Huntly, Derry; Lady Stewart,,Dstb-
lin ; Sophia, Deny, and Lad Digby, Sligo. Total number
Jof emigrants up to the 14th une, 25,272.
POOR Isznawnl—Arrived the Mary, Davis, and New
Rope, Reeve, both from Liverpool, with oatmeal, for the
distressed population !—Connaught Joarn. Cattle imported
from Ireland—Week ending July 23: Horses, 21; Cows,
Kin ; Sheep, 6696 Pigs, WWI! !—Liverpool Paper.
Mr. J. Campbell, of Glyde- Mains, near Tallanstown, in
the, county of Loath, commenced reaping on Friday two
wee of Georgina Oats, an excellent crop, which was sown
on the 24th February ; he will also reap half an acre of the
naked or huskless oats on Monday next, sown at the same
time as the Georgina oats It may be interesting to give a
description of the peculiarities of this new species of oats.--
It grows without any husky skin whatever—the kernel or
pickle
is closely covered with double chaff, so much so, that
no storm will shake it, and in good harvest weather it may
be threshed from the stook and made into meal without
klln-drying, shelling, or sifting. The produce of an ave-
rage crop is from 16 to 20 cwt. per acre—it is particularly
well adapted for rich loamy ground where there may be dol-
ga of loss from lodging, as from its being so much lighter
In the headjthan other oats, from the want of the husk, that
the heaviest rains will not lodge it. Both of the above kinds
of oats are from ten days to a fortnight earlier than the
potato oats.—Drogheda Journal.
As to whether the pmple concerned in the legal pro-
ceedings arising out of the Newtownbarry massacre ought or
ought not to have suffered a trial to prozeed, opinions
amongst themselves vary. For our own parts, we regret
there was not a trial, even for the minor offence, for it would
at least have spoiled a trick of the Orangeists, who pretend
that the reople were afraid of an investigation. We cannot,
however, be astonished at the course taken by the people.—
We are warranted now, sustained as we are by the high au.
thority of Baron Smith, in saying that the Grand Jury had
not discharged the duty that was imperative on them.—
Speaking of just such a case as they bad to decide, the
learned Baron said, at the Mahler Assizes—
I think they (the bills for murder) ought not to be ig-
aersd, sinless this justification appeared to you manifest and
deers fam aware that the rule is said to be, that no grand
Jury ought to find a bill unless on evidence on which, if
uscontradicted, a petty jury ought to convict. But where
the case is not an ordinary one, where for some reason or
other several have been deprived of life, I think it would be
satisfactory td justice, to the feelings of surviving relatives,
the interest taken by the community, that on all questiona-
ble points the evidence should be disclosed, and the circum-
stances of the transaction openly sifted, examined, and di-
vulged. Therefore, unless it should appear to you, with a
clearness amounting to demonstration, that the firing was an
act of mere justifiable self-defence, I would, on any doubt of
this fact, recommend a finding of the bills against those who
appear to you to have fired. The case against those who
fired, being thus sent by you to trial, the evidence will
come openly before the court and jury—justice, it is to be
hoped, will be done, and the public would witness the solid
grounds upon which the decsion stood.
This is the common-sense view of the question ; it was
that taken by the people interested in the other tragedy, and
as the Wexford grand jury decided otherwise, it is not won-
derful that they declined appealing to the other tribunal.
Friday, a detachment of the Commissariat corps arrived
in Tralee, bringing a large supply of camp equipage, &e.
to be used by the engineer officers employed in the trigono.
metrical survey of Ireland, who will immediately proceed
with the survey of the county Kerry, from an encampment
on the lofty and commanding mountain of Caheteonreigh.
The Terry Alta paid a visit a few days ago to Ardrachan,
county Galway, and shot a man who was ploughing for a
farmer. They also visited Erecourt Castle, a steward of
Mr- Bindon's, the house of Lieutenant Seymour, Galway
militia, and Mr. Eyre Seymour, from whom they plundered
-13 stand of arms and swords.—Lint. Chron.

On Thursday night the house of Mr. Norblad, agent to
the Steam Navigation Company at Prominier, near Nenagh,
was fired into and entered by a parcel of robbers, who took
away money, plate and all the portable articles they found.
Young Mr. N cabled received the contents of a blunderbuss
in the breast. The wound is dangerous.—lbid.
The parish clerk of Templehoohy, named .Portes, was
murdered a few daykago, near Templemore, county Tippe-
rarp.—lbid.
THUNDER STORM.--We have been informed by a cor-
respondent, upon whose veracity we can depend, that the
inhabitants of the Royal Oak were visited on Thursday by
one of the most extraordinary showers of hail ever witnessed
in this country, accompanied by thunder and lightning. He
describes the stones of hail as considerably larger than a
marble, and such was the force with which they fell, that
the potato crops and wheaten fields of that neighbourhood
are utterly ruined.—Carlow Morning Post.
Seven magistrates of the county Wexford have affixed
their signatures to the requisition for the public meeting in
that county, relative to the proceedings necessary to be taken,
on the Newtownbarry affair.
.MARRIED.—WiIIiam Squirl, Esq. of Gaily, county
Wexford, to Marianne, relict of the late William Quin,
Esq. of Heathfield.—D'Alton M'Carthy, Esq. of Lower
Glardiner.street, to Miss Charlesina Hope Manners. —J.
Stack Murphy, Esq. of Hyde Park, to Ellen, daughter ofl
the late O'Donoghue, of the Glinns.
DIED.—In Cavendish-row, the Lady Jane Loftiest...
la Great Britain-street, Mrs. Mary Sherrock.—At Bald.
winstown Castle, Edmond Browne, Esq. of Abbey-street.—
At French-street, Martha Laura, daughter of Doctor Sim- I
ashan.—ln Waterford, Mr. Laurence Doyle.--Jane, wife
of Robert Shaw, Esq. of Killeen.
CALEDONIAN MERCURY, July 25.
By a detailed account of the matter which appeared in the
Ayr Adrertiser, of Thursday, it seems that the town of
Woven was actually taken by storm, and the defenceless in-
habitants treated with the most brutal barbarity. The fol.
IswW. is an extract from the account referred to :
"Oa the approach of the Orangemen, some of the Con-
stables proceeded to that part of the road at the north end
of the town, where, according to the arrangement, the
Orange party were to strike off and go round the town.—
They took with them batons or staves, but no fire arms or
swords. They were headed by Mr. Henderson, one of the
Councillors, and were followed by a number f the inha-
bitants, principally women and boys. The whole might
amount to about four hundred. The Constables took their
stand within a few yards to the entrance of the bye road
agreed on, while the Orangemen were passing the bridge
over the water of Girvan and coming towards them. The
Orangemen were in marching order, four or five deep,
bearing colours and having drums and fifes. They might
Mount to from 200 to 300, and one who had occasion to'
adz with them assures us, that about the half of them were
armed—some with guns, some with swords, some with
Oltn4 a considerable number with pistols, and one or two
bayonets. They halted within one hundred yards of the
Constables, and the latter immediately sent forward two at
their number to explain the arrangement made between the
Sheriff and the Lodges in Girvan, and to direct the Orange.
men how to go round the town. The leader of the Oraap.
men seemed to accede, but about a dozen of the men stepped
op and damned him to push forward, for the longer they
tarried, the party from the town would'become the more nu.
merous, and betthe better prepared for them. Their leaden
ordered them to hold their tongues, take their places, Yd
obey orders. After some further conversation with the two
constables in advance, the leader agreed to take the route
prescribed, and by his command the body moved on. Bat
while he and a few of the Orangemen in front turned up the
bye road, the main body seemed disposed to proceed as
the straight road to Girvan, and whilst rhey were in this
state of hesitation or confusion, a number of stones were
thrown by some of the women and boys from behind the
hedge next the water, and likewise by the Orangemen,
but mile were thrown by the constables. At this junc-
ture, and without any altercation between the Orangemen
and the constables, bur while, on the contrary, the latter
were endeavouring to present the people from throwing
stones, a man stepped out from the right of the fifth or,
sixth file of the Orangemen, and deliberately levelled
and tired his gun in the direction of the constables, and
Alexander Roes, one of the constables, standing quietly
elate to the footpath on the left, instantly fell ; and laying
his hand on his belly and crying out' Oh, I am shot !' im.
mediately expired. This occurred while the Orangemen
and constables were from 10 to 15 yards apart, and was fol-
lowed by several shots in rapid succession from the Orange-
men. The attack by the Orangemen now became general,
in which they employed the fire arms, swords, pikes, and
bayonets, wherewith they were armed, on the constables and
people, men, women, and children, indiscriminately, cut-
ting and knocking down all who stood before them. The
people gave way in all directions, and, after struggling far
a moment, and a number of them being severely wounded,
the constables gave way likewise. A number of people teat
to the fields; the greater part ran to Girvan by the Midi
and a number of them even took to the water wields
runs on the north mot aide of the road. The river hero
runs into a wiel, and those taking it had to swine far
their lives ; but even here they were not safe. Ose of
them, a constable too, much it juted in the scum., and

covered with blood, was pelted with stones while strug.
gling to pin the opposite bank, and had, in short, a very
narrow escape for his life. The Orangemen now rushed, in
a body, into the town; firing their guns and pistols, bran.
dishing their pikes and swords, cutting down those whom
they met, knocking in windows and the like, and eying ui.
umphantly 6 The town is our own I' Thus they rushed on,
past the Windy Raw, through Montgomerie-street, and turn-
ing down by the church and cross, and crossing the bridge,
went on to the public buildings, or town house, and, pro.
up the main street of Newton, so reached the Omen
atr Doutte Park. The course they thus took is scarcely
Ms than a mile. The town's people thought to stay their
emu about the Town House, where the streets cross, but
the Orangemen proceeded so furiously and recklessly, and
the town's people were so unprepared for such an assault, the
attempt was fruitless, and the Orangemen rushed up the
Newton, where they were met by some of their countrymen
living in that quarter, who, by their presence, gestures, and
words, encouraged them in their violence.
66 At the entrance of the town they attacked an old man
of the name of Gilbert Davidon, while he was going out to
weed in the fields, and cut him unmercifully on the head
and shoulders, and left him for dead on the road, and his re-
covery was for some time doubtful. Another old man,
James Daily, was shockingly abused, and remains in a dan-
gerous state. A Constable. Alexander Stevens, in attempt.
ing to take the gun from the man who shot Ross, instantly
received a stroke on the back of the head from a sword or
stick in another hand, and was left senseless. A lad of the
name 0/Johnstone, another Constable, overtaken in the pur.
suit, was cut excessively by the Orangemen on the head and
various parts of the body. David 1116 Queen, weaver, was
dreadfully cut on the face with some sharp weapon. He has
lost the sight of one of his eyes from the injury he received.
And Hugh Davidson, another Constable, was attacked, cut
and bruised severely, but is now out of danger. But, pro-
bably, the worst case is that of a Constable of the name of
Orr. He was attacked at the corner of the house of Miss
M'Candlish, opposite the Townhouse, knocked down, his
face smashed and disfigured In a shocking manner, his body
cut and bruised, and, whilst lying in this plight on the
ground, he was again kicked excessively by another, whilst
a third came up and fired a pistol in his face, the ollet of
which grazed his head. And these are but a sample of the
injuries inflicted. One man is killed, four men are danger-
owdy wounded, eight severely, and a number slightly. The
body of the Constable Ross was examined, and a bullet
found lodged 'in the spine, it having entered about the
navel. As an instance of the number of shots fired, and• the
recklessness of' the proceedings, the walls of many of the
houses throughout the town, butespecially of those about
the Town House, are marked every here and there with bul.
lets and slugs, and some of the marks are to be seen on the
house of Heinle Anderson, the distance of a street from
whence any of the party fired."
The population of Dunfermline (town and parish) as
to the census just taken, amounts to 17,068 souls,
an increase within the last ten years of 3,387. The town
alone, without the Townhill or Brucefield, contains 10,625
inhabitants.

The population of the pariah of Annan, by the present
return, is b,o33—For 1821, 4,4B6—lncrease in ten years,
547.
The population of Elgin, 6,130—1 n 1821 it was 5,308—
in 1801, 4,34s.—lncrease in thirty years, 1,785.
FINDHORN Bninz.—The estimated expcnce of erecting
a suspension bridge over the river Findhorn having alf.
ready been subscribed, Captain Brown, R.N. has been in.
vited to the north, for the purpose of furnishing a plan of
the same.
Ostorsat. Docustrax.—Accident has thrown in our
way the following despatch from an officer in a police esta-
blishment ins city not 100 miles from Auld Reekie, to his
superior at head.qoarters ; and we think it is worthy of
publicity, as illustrative of the accuracy and minuteness
with which the little quarrel of the lieges are reported and
attended to by the conservators of the peace. As a piece •of
composition, with the excepsion of one slip.slop, which we
must believe to have been accidental, it is certainly creditable
to the literary talents of the writer
.••••= Watch-house, 25th May, 1831.
ttlidles No. 13, Street, keeps s small dog
who goes to bed at five minutes before ten o'clock at night,
and rises at 10 o'clock morning ; he is carried down to the
area by her servant maid five minutes before he goes to bed,
and five minutes after he rises, in order to enjoy the use
of the She complains that Mrs. —, who resides in
the second fiat above her, keeps a dog three limes as large
as hers, and that he is carried to the area three or four times
a day by the maid servant, but that he is often allowed by
that servant to go at large in his preambles down and up
stairs. and Mrs. —, as well as 3liss ...—., requests
that Mrs. will either confine her dog from this
liberty, or send him to her daughter, who is married on the
minister of --- miles north of Aberdeen, where
he might get comfortable board and lodgings, which would
prevent him from either annoying her with nuisance in the
stair, or barking. Mrs, says Miss --'s dog is
the aggressor, but, from the soft measures used by me to
these ladies, they both seem to be satisfied at present, and
Miss says that she feels extremely obliged to Capt.
-- for his kind attention in sending a serjeant of police
to inquire into the matter, and that she will, if a repetition
of the same grievance occur again, inform the serjeant of
district to cheek such, before she troubles Captain
--- any more on the subject.
(Signed) Serjt."
Bzawicx, JOLT 23.—The supply of all grain here to.
day was small. Wheat met but a dull sale; but for barley
and oats the demand was steady, at about the rates of last
market.
Wheat, 53e to 58s; fine, 594 to Gls per quarter. Bar.
' Icy, 33s to 355 ; fine, 365. Oats, Potato, 29s to 30s. ditto
Angus, 27s to 283 Beans, 38* to 40s. Pease, 41s. Butter,
40s to 42s per firkin. Eggs, 38 ltd per hundred.
MARRIED.—At Edinburgh, Alexander Coutts Cor.
mack, Esq. to Isabella, eldest daughter of the late John
Hutchison, Esq. of Edinburgh.—Mr. William Johnstone,
merchant, Leith, to Janet, daughter of Mr. Robert Lucas.
merchant, Edinburgh.
DIED.— A t the Manse of Hingham, the Rev. Adam
Paterson, aged 65.-Bir George Abercrotnby of Birkenbog,
Baronet who had attained the age of 84, and bad been 48
years Sheriff-Depute.
