SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

In making up the paper yesterday, from the length of the debate,
and the necessary introduction of matter of great temporary interest,
supplied at a very late hour, we were reluctantly obliged to exclude the
greater part of our usual extracts from the Journals. An anxiety to
preserve this department of our paper complete, induces us now to an.
nex what was necessarily excluded esterday.
Miss.—We tender his Grace the Duke of Iffellingtoses person u
highly as any Alderman, Blayor " elect" or non-elected, among the
whole board. There is no public man now living, or at any time,
whose life deserves trom every Briton that greater efforts, or, if MM•
sary, greater sacrifices should be made by his country, to preserve It.
But that a bare assertion from an individual, unauthorised by any offi-
cial power or tribunal, and by those more especially whom such an In-
Omani ought in all good sense and propriety to have consulted, of an
outrage against the individual Duke of Wellington being astreihated,
should have become the ground-work of a Cabinet remonstrance to His
Majesty, urging hiss, King William, to abstain from dining with his
loyal citizens of the metropolis of England, is something scarcely
credible.

HERALD.—The excitement and consternation which the letter of
the Secretary of State to the Lord Mayor occasioned in this great me.
tropolis, and, no doubt, has, by this time, spatted very generally through.
out England, could only be justified on grounds of urgent and extreme
necessity. Such as an intended revolutionary movement, or an attack
on the person of the King. Had the Government credible information
of either one or the other of those violent and treasonable intentions ?
The discussion of last night shows that they had not. It is not the
vague assertion of a Magistrate that should be a foundation for a solemn
act of a Minister of the Crown. He should ask for the certain and de.
tined evidence on which the evidence was grounded,
Tilers.—ln the Paris papers of Saturday we find the report of an
interesting conversation in the Chamber of Deputies on Friday, respect-
ing the composition of the new French Ministry, and the political pros-
pects of Europe. M. Mauguin, the popular orator of the extreme left,
took an early opportunity of expressing his genteel approbation of the,
new cabinet, and of announcing that he would, on a future day, put
some questions to the Minister of Foreign Affairs on the state of the
f oreign relations of France. One of the ministess, General &Nadia',
who was present, did not wait for the formal interrogatories of the hon.
deputy, but, conceiving that his questions referred to the danger of war,
declared that every thing now wore a pacific appearance,—tbat the King
of England's speech gave the assurance of pease, and that no diplomatic
difficulties had occurred which threatened to lead to actual hostilities.
As M. Mauguin is the leader of what may be called the Mountain in
the Chamber, his approbation of the new Cabinet might be considered
somewhat ominous, had his remarks not called forth an answer so de-
cidedly tranquillizing.

Trices.--For the first time during we know not how many years, or
centuries of years, these was no Lord Mayor's Day yesterday. The
company being unexpectedly prevented from quitting home," the dinner
was put off." Public opinion; the recovering state of the funds; the
proeetdingts of the official bodies; the Court of Aldermen and Court of
Common Council—all prove that there was no occasion for this alarm-
ing breach of hallowed custom. What are we, then, to say to it ?
That it was an unhappy error on the part of the Lord Mayor
elect, leading to yet worse consequences; but after the apology of
his Lordship, who says that be " shall never cease regretting
that he has acted so erroneously," we arc disarmed. His
Lordship can do no more than apologize ; he cannot re—
call the act. But another Alderman appears on the stage, aid,
ing actively in Instilling the mistake, and producing the result. He
has made no apology yet: perhaps he perseveres in his opinion, that
the Duke was, as Beatrice says, to have been " killed and eaten," if he
had entered the city. The late Lord Mayor is wholly untouched in
the affair : he was confined by serious illness ; but there is no doubt
he would have conducted himself, on this as on every other occasion,
with perfect discretion—with a due respect tor the rights of his
fellow.cnizens, and a proper estimate of their public spirit. We must
now pass over this grievous business. The affairs of state are of greater
importance than those of the city. But one thing we must observe,—it
is assumed that the Duke of Vi ellington is unpopular, and certain ex.
pressions of the humbler classes of our fellow-subjects, whenever his
Grace appears among them or near them, would seem to confirm the sur-
mise. Why is he so ? It is that unhappy note of opposition to reform
which he sounded. But how are the street rioters affected by this
Afore thoughtful and respectable persons feel regret ; and artful and de.
signing knaves inspire the unthinking and dissolute with passion, or
affected passion, on a subject in which they have but little interest.—
The Duke of Wellington his done great things for the poor. He has
reduced the price of beer per pot, by taking off the duty upon brewing;
and, by the new licence duty, tea multiplied the houses where it is to be
!old, that the poor man can in every way procure his refreshment with
infinitely greater ease. These fasts, besides his being a hero, ought to
make him popnlar. It is'a curlew circumstanee to see pickpockets and
prostitutes hissing the liberator of Spain and of Europe, and the con.
queror of Buonaparte, in the streets el the British metropolis.

Cintow mtg.—The conllagratis in the county of Kent, and some
of the parishes of the adjoining counties, were last night adverted to in
the house. Sir R. Peel stated that the Secretary of the Treasury was at
the prevent moment at Maidstone, endeavouring to trace the causes of
that extraordinary mystery which had, up to the present moment,
eluded their most careful investigauon ; there were airo at Maidstone
every police.offieer who, in the present state of the metropolis, could be
spared. He added, that the fires were neither executed by the hands,
ror devised by the heads of the peasantry of the county of Kent. Sir
Edward Knatchbull improved upon Sir Robert, for be not only
raid—,, he could declare that the conlagrations in the county
w Kent were not caused by the peasantry of the land ;" but that
" he am persuaded that the peasantry were actuated by a very different
feeling from that which influenced the authors of these out-
rages ; the peasantry were, he was assured, full of attachment to their
employers, and the kw likely in the world to commit acts of that dia.
bolical character." The peasantry may be strongly attached to their
employers, but the going about in bands to break machines wee an odd
evidence of attachment of labourers to employers. This reminds us of
a happy sarcasm of the late Mr. Tierney, uttered with reference to a
man who stole some sheep, and whom the late Mr.Henrick endeavoured,
notwithstanding the strongest evidence of crime, to screen—that the in.
dividual in question might be a very honest man, but he had a very
odd way of dealing with sheep. We do not mean to say that the
peasantry are concerned in the conflagrations, but we know that the
employment of Irish labourers in hay time and harvest, by which the
prices of labour at that period of the year when workmen used to cal-
culate on making something to pay their cottage rents and clear off odd
'mote die- has kd to great irritation. We do not believe Sir Edward
linatchball.—though we would not lend ourselves to exaggeration, by
dewibing the condition of the working people as genftvilly worse than,
n was, neither would we lend ourselves to the description of an attach.
ment which has no existence in reality. We rather believe Earl Sean-
hope, the Duke of Richmond, Lord Radnor, and other*, who Illy- that
that is almost everywhere • bad feeling among the peasantry towards
their employers.

Cezoarcts.—Thete is no doubt, we think, that the Duke et
Welliquor, °henries hew mush the Mittonacy Is gamed kept aloof'

from the people, when the latter gave so unreserved an expresson to I
their sympathy with the French after the late Revolution, counted on
the same alarm which swelled the ranks of Nlr. Pitt, at the period of
the former Revolution. He thought all lesser differences would be
forgotten, and that the Aristocracy of all shades of opinion, would
throw themselves into his arms, as being the only man who could pilot
the vessel of the State through the dangerous rocks and quicksand* on
every side of it. It is evidently not a weakness of his Grace to think
too favourably of human nature. Unfortunately for himself, he
not only thinks unfavourably of mankind, but forgets that
men, however lax in their principles, like to find some
pretext which they conceive the world does not see through, for
their aberrations. Hypocrisy has been defined the homage which vice
pays to virtue, and his Grace seems to have forgotten that even
where virtue does not exist, its place is supplied by hypocrisy. He
thought he had only to whistle, and the Tories would all rush into his
arms. He knew that the regard professed by them for our Protestant
Constitution was in general a piece of affectation, and seems to have be-
lieved, that after allowing a decent time to them for their grief, they
would be glad to return to the crib. But the Tories have not answered
the call. In the pamphlet, "The Country without a Government,"
the Tories alluded to, receive the credit of being honest men. It would,
perhaps, have been nearer the truth to say, that they are afraid of losing
the credit of being honest men, by too abrupt an union with the great
destroyer of the Protestant Constitution. They hang back for the resort
part. It may be also, that they had information of the ground at Court
being hollow under the Duke of Wellington, and did not like to sacri-
fice appearances for nothing. However, it would be unfair to suppose
that, in the case of some of the Tories, the head is not more in fault
than the heart. Burke on one occasion remarks, that the House of
Commons is not "wholly corrupt, though there is a large proportion
of corruption in it. There are nwiny Members who generally go with
the Minister, who will not go all lengths." The Duke prefers whole
length men, but it may not be politic to let men too plainly sec the low
estimate you form of them.

FULLEST DETAILS OF THE STATE OF
TILE METROPOLIS YESTERDAY AND LAST NIGHT

At an early hour the various streets along which the Royal pagesn
would have had to pass yesterday, on its way to the Guild Ihal wee
unusually thronged, but evidently only by persons attracted from curi-
osity to witness the extensive preparations everywhere making for the
occasion. The crowd was composed principally of respectable persons,
whose sole motive was curiosity. Fears, however, were entertained
lest a tumult might be produced in the evening, as it is well known
that the pickpockets are in the habit of availing themselves of
extensive concourses of people for the purpose of creating con.
fusion, and thus procuring for themselves opportunities of plun.
dering with impunity. Before noon it was evident that organised
bands of pickpockets were prowling about, both in the City and
Westminster, and hence precautions were taken to defeat their ends.
About two o'clock in the afternoon a sham light was attempted to be
got up in Fleet-street, and crowds soon collected, some merely from
idle curiosity, but others from far different motives. The consequence
was, the pathway on either side became blocked up, and on an outcry
being raised, and some hats tossed up, the whole crowd were hurried on
a distance of full five hundred yards. What robberies might have
been committed upon the many respectable persons who, without antici-
pating such a rush, found themselves thus unceremoniously mixed up pelf
null with the mob, it is impossible at this moment to tell. That the
main object of this, as of' every preceding recent mob in the city, was
plunder, there can be no doubt. At an early hour in the evening the
New Police were called out in considerable numbers, and by five o'clock
in the evening a double row flanked the edge of either pavement
on the Westminster side of Temple Bar for a considerable distance.
This precaution was not taken without occasion, for before this
period a dense mob had collected within Temple-bar, in avowed antici-
pation of seeing the lamps placed there for an illumination lighted up.
It was at last found necessary, at a late hour in the afternoon, to em.
ploy workmen in removing the temporary gas pipes by which the light-
ing up was intended to have been effected, fur fear any of the mob should
take upon themselves to clamber the bar and communicate light to the
various gas orifices As soon as the workmen:arrived for that purpose,
a body of the people assembled ran through the avenues into Westmin-
ster, and endeavoured to excite alarm by cries of " Fire, fire !" A large
body of the police was drawn up about six o'clock in the open space
leading to Wateoloo Bridge, and similar precautions were taken in
other parts of Westminster.
The whole of Westminster was then, and hadibeen' throughout the
day, perfectly tranquil. About two o'clock in the afternoon, the Duke
of Wellington, in passing through the Horse Guards, was cheered. Ail,
also, was perfectly quiet during the sitting of the two Houses. Neither,
however, sat late; the Lords having risen at six, and the Commons at
eight o'clock. At seven o'clock, the end of Fleet-street, by Temple.
bar, was nearly impassable, and the mob, who, stretching themselves
beyond the pathway, left barely room for a coach to pass, demanded
ftom each passenger or coachman, as a passport, that he should pull off
his hat, and shout. The passage of those who objected was resisted,
but up to ten o'clock, not with such violence es a firm man, with
good horse, could not easily overcome. The state of West-
minster, up to ten 'o'clock afforded a marked contrast. liveey.
where the Police were active, and marching in strong detach-
ments from street to street, preserving excellent order. They were
occasionally taunted by the mob, and in one Instance a body of nearly
100, in passing along the Strand, was received by a band of itinerant
musicians, who played " The Campbells are coming," which having
I been parodied into "'the Bailiffs' are coming !" and, lastly, into" See,
the Policemen are coming I" was evidently intended to annoy the Police ;
but they bore it patiently, and passed on. As a proof of the efficacy of
the New Police it may be mentioned, that at a time when it was scarcely
possible to reach beyond St. Dunstan's Church towards Temple Bar.
any person on the Westminster side might have easily paned up
to the Bar, and, doubtless, if the same police had had the care
of the other side, through it also. It is due, however, to the City
Police to state, that by nine o'clock they mustered strongly about
the bar, and removed much of the annoyance which was before
experienced. Early in the afternoon the magistrates of Bow-street
issued a caution to persons to abstain from stopping up the ways, and
particularly advising housekeepers to keep their servants and children
at home. In the City and NVestmineter the shopkeepers generally
closed their shops before dusk. From an early hour, also, the Horse
Guards were ordered to their Barracks, and there kept in seediness for
any emergency. A strong detachment, fully accoutred, was to be ob-
served standing each by the side of his horse during the night, in the
area of the Horse Guards fronting Whitehall. The Foot Guards were
also kept in readiness.
From about five o'clock last evening the metropolis was in a state of
great turbulence, passengers and inhabitants fearing violence from the
disorderly mobs which pervaded the principal streets. The first indica-
tion of a mob was round the House of Lords. Mr. Lee, the High
Constable of Westminster, with a body of special constables, preserved
tolerable order, and the disposition of the crowd was rather inclined to
frolic than to mischief. The crowd was kept in a circle by Mr. Lee,
and the members got out of their carriages without molestation,
but they were assailed by shouts Indicative of the popular
feeling. At six o'clock a large body to the new police, amount.
ing, as nearly as we could calculate, to GOO men, was marched to
the House of Lords, and the mob, at their approach, immediately dis-
persed. In every case of insult offered to the police, however, they
conducted themselves with great forbearance. About this time the mob
at Temple-bar became nwnerous enough to excite alarm' and the re-
port was spread that the Station-house in Picket-street had been des-
troyed. The division E, under the direction of Inspector List, was
marched to the spot. The report was, of course, unfoundtd, but the
state of the street required the utmost activity of the Police. From
this hour Temple Bar seemed to be a sort of focus for bringing the
merits of the New Police and the old system into contrast. On the
west of Temple-bar there was neither the picking of pockets
nor the offering of outrage to passengers ; but passing Tempie.bar,
the scene was totally changed. The persons in the carriages
were obliged to take off their hats, Itee and every passenger
was assailed by missiles; and the loss of property was not inconsidera-
ble. About halt-past eight o'clock the police, stationed at Temple-bar,
received information that the mob from Spitalfields were coming in great
force to the wesit.end of the town. We understand that the mob had
armed themselves for mischief, by pulling down, and cutting up into
missiles, the paling and scaffolding erected in front of the new haw In.
stitutitm in Chancery-lane; and thus prepared in great numbers, and in
a state of peculiar excitement, they advanced from Temple-bar with a
tri.t.oloured flag, amidst denunciations against the New Police, with a
determination to penetrate to the centre of the west end of the town and
the Public Offices.

The police were, of course, obliged to retreat; but on falling back
to Catherine-street, they were joined by parties of men belonging to N
and F Divisions. Thus reinforced they rallied, and advancing towards
Temple-bar, they were opposed by an immense mob opposite Somerset
House. The mob, however, were more disposed to make a noise than
to do mischief, and the police charging them with violence, many
were wounded, and we saw numbers of them lying on the pavement cut
and bruised, in a state of insensibility; but very few were taken into
confinement. Several of the police also received severe injuries, but
they were chiefly from missiles, such as stones and brick-bats,
burled at them before they could use their staves with effect.—
Shortly after the complete dispersion of this portion of the rioters a
report was brought to Mr. Mayne that it was their intention, by a cir-
cuitous route, to reach the residence of Sir Robert Peel, in Privy.
gardens, fur he purpose of wreaking on it that additional degree of
vengeance which was naturally excited by their discomfiture elsewhere.
The report, however, proved to be unfounded. Whether it was that the
rioters were disheartened by their defeat in the Strand, oe that they were
dawned by the strong assemblage of policemen in the vicinity of
Whitehall (amounting to nearly 600 men), no demonstration of viok.
was offered in that quarter.
About half past bve the refuse of the mob which at an earl hour
had assembled in the City, proceeded through the Strand in a body of
between 300 and 400, consisting principally of boys of the lowest de-
wiption, vociferating " No Peel—Down with the raw lobsters !" and
other expressions of a simile, tendency in opposition to the Polka
On arriving as Catberino.oweet, they tip it, heeded by a

youth about 16, who cheered on the throng with " This way,
my lads—we'll give it them." A temporary halt was made at
the cornet of York-street, and from the cheering, and expressions of
" On my boys, now is the time !" together with the majority of
the gang turning towards Russell-court, it was feared that an attack
was about to be made on the pawnbroker's at the corner. Slich7 how.
ever, fortunately, proved not to be the case, for the leader of this body
flourished a small stick which he held in his hand, and away he led the
I mob down York-street. through Nlaiden-lane, Chandos-street. Hem.
wing's-row, and immediately in the rear of the menagerie, at Charing.
cross, the whole of them yelling, shouting, groaning, and breaking win.
dows in their progress. A halt was made at the bottom of the lane for
the purpose, it would appear, to arrange upon the road to be pursued,
' they being at this time rather in a narrow situation. The word of com-
mand was shortly given and away they were about dashing
over the
heaps of rubbish and the deep holes caused by the palling down of several
houses near the menagerie, when a strong body of pollee, of the E. divi-
sion, who were in waiting to receive them, rushed upon them, and dealt
out most unmetciful blow, with their staves on the heads and arms of
the mob. The captain of the gang was the first to retreat, in doing
which be informed his fellow participators in the riot, that the "police-
men were surrounding them." In the confusion to retreat, added to
the narrowness of passage through which they had to pass, numbers of
the rioters fell over head and heels into the deep holes around the spot.
Many crawled out with broken heads, others with severe bruises, and
several with dislocated limbs, principally caused by the trun.
cheons of the new police ; but the whole managed to escape in
some way or other, and nothing more was heard of them. We were
inclined to think that the staves of the men were in this instance
unnecessarily used, fur we are certain that the entire of this disorderly
assemblage might have been dispersed by half a dozen resolute consta-
bles. The men, however, it was stated, in extenuation of their making
so desperate a charge on the mob, had been dreadfully harassed of late,
the major part of them having been on duty two days and nights ; and
when they retrained, on previous occasions, from using their truncheons,
the mob took advantage of it, and unmercifully ill-treated them ; so
much so, indeed, that in one division alone nearly a dozen men are
at present unable to attend to their duty.
In the course of the evening, another mob of between 400 and 500
persons, proceeded along Piccadilly; and, in a smart trot, niade their
way to Apttley House, the residence of the Duke of Wellington, Ital.
looing, and, in their progress thither, the usual expressions of disappro.
'bation towards the Noble Duke, Mr. Peel, and the police. On their
reaching the end of Piccadilly, they were met by a strong force of
the D division of police, who succeeded in ultimately dispersing
them in different directions, without, we believe, any serious
accident to either party. At eleven o'clock Piccadilly, and the
whole of the west end of the town, from the bottom of the Haymarket
upwards, was in an undisturbed state; but the pollee, In number be.
tween 400 and 600, were drawn up in Spring-gardens, re sly to act
should necessity require them to do so. Frequent eommunk ttions took
place from the diffivent station-houses to the head-quarters in Scotland.
yard, and the men employed as messengers upon this occasion were at-
tired in plain clothes, the better to facilitate their progre.s and prevent
them from being attacked. It would appear that policemen were brought
from the mat distant quarters, in order to form a strong opposition to
the rioters.

Between twenty and thirty of the rioters who were captured bear
Temble.bar, were conveyed to Portugal-street watch.house, the ma-
jority of whom had received injuries in various pans of the body, but
more particularly on the head. Upwards of 30 that were taken to the
station-house in Picket-place were discharged, it being ascertained that
they had accidentally mixed with the rioters.
At eleven o'clock not one individual was conveyed to St. James's
Station house on a charge of riot, and from the undisturbed state in
which that part of the 31etropolis remained at that hour, we should be
inclined to suppose no riot would ensue.
As early as six o'clock the shops in St. Paul's Chutch.yard, Lud-
gate-hill, and Fleet-street, were completely closed, in consequence of the
number of men assembled.

The City Police in motion in the course of the day amounted to from
500 to GOO men including the firemen, ticket porters, and tackle por-
ters. At twelve o'clock there were scarce twenty spectators remain-
ing in King-street.
Monday evening, • detachment belonging to the Third Battalion of
the Grenadier Regiment of Guards marched from the Armoury-yard in
the Bird-cage Walk, into the Duke:of Wellington's mansion, for fear of
any attack on it by the rioters.

IMPERIAL PARLIAAIENT.
HOUSE OF LORDS, Nov. 9.
Lord Wynford sat this day for the Lord Chancellor, upon Appeals.
The Duke of Wellington entered the House at five o'clock.
PRIVATE
On the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, it was ordered
that no petitions for private bills be received after Thursday, the 17th
Wof March ; and no reports from the Judges on private bills after
dnesday, the 13th day of April.
ILAVEIT.
Lord CARLISLE presented a number of petitions against slavery
in the colonies, from various pans of York and Cumberland.
Earl SPENCER presented petitions against negro slrvery, from the
inhabitants of Portsmouth and Northampton.
The Duke of NORFOLK petitions to the same effect, fromOlocester
and Norfolk.
The Bishop of Lichfield, the Bishop of Bath and Wells, Lord Tan.
kerville, the Earl of Aberdeen, Earl Radnor, Lord Falmouth, Earl
Grosvenor, and Lord Calthorpe, presented petitions to the same effect.
BLACIC.LEAD MINZRA.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presented a petition from the persons
employed in the lead mines of Cumberland, praying for relief under the
pressure of distress. The noble marquis observed on the occasion,
that great distress prevailed in the mining districts; but he had
the pleasure to state that the distress was less than it was last
Session of Parliament, when he brought the subject before Podia.

The petition was read, and laid on the table.
COPPER TRADE.
Lord FAL'AIOUTII rose to direct the attention of the noble duke
to a circumstance of importance to the part of the country in which be
resided (Cornwall.) One-third of the population of that county de-
pended on the copper trade, which at that time was greatly injured by the
importation of foreign ore. The noble lord called the attention of
his Alajesty's Government to the subject on a former occasion, in the
expectation of seeing some remedial measure ; and he again, in this
instance, recommended the subject to the consideration of his Majesty's
Government.

The Duke of WELLINGTON assured the noble earl that he came
to a conclusion last year, that interference in the copper trade would do
more harm than good. This year he had tum.d his attention to it, and
if any amelioration could be tffecttd nothing would be wanting in his
Majesty's ministers.

COAL TRADE.
The Marquis of I.ONDONDKRBY gave notice that be shoold pre.
sent two petitions on Thursday on the subject of the Coal Trade.
The Duke of RICH 310 ND presented • petition from Lewes, in
Sussex, fur revision of the Bankrupt Laws.

ADDRIISS TO Tlllt XING.
Lord TRYNHANI gave notice of his intention to submit a motion
on Monday welt, respecting the state of Kent. The noble lord's mo-
tion would be, That an humble Address be preserved to his Majesty,
praying his Majesty to order an inquiry into the present state of the
labouring classes in the county of Kent: secondly, to pray his Majesty
will be graciously pleased to give directions to the Lord Lieutenant
of the county to raise a local force for the purpose of giving protection
to the property of the county ; thirdly, to pray that a commission be
appointed to incluire into the Poor Laws, with a view of affording a re-
medy for the distress now existing among farmers and labourers.
The house then adjourned.
