MOST ALARMING CONFLAGRATIONS.

CANTILISVITe WEDSZSDAT, SEVEN O'CLOCS.
An express has just reached the Phenix Fire-011ice, &anaemia:.
ire at Nickolt Farm, occupied by a person named Catt, who
near Chartham, shout three miles from hence. The engines are gonad
at full gallop. I have this moment left the summit of the Dane John
Mound, which commands a view of country of many miles in circum-
ference. It is distinctly visible, and the sky in the southwest is illu-
minated ma vast extent. It would appear, therefore, that the confla-
gration is very extensive.
HALT-PAST &-1 have since learnt that the barn, stacks, kr,. areal!
consumed. Mr. Can, the tenant, has not occupied the farm owe than
a twelvemonth. A post-boy is arrived, who distinctly eaw another fire
In the direction of Ashford.

CANTER-1 MT, WZDNINIDAY
• The storm that portended so much mischief last week has happily
subsided to a calm u remarkable for its present placid appearance,
as hopes are buoyant for its continuance. No buminp have taken
place ; neither have the rioters visited the farm-houses for the
purpose of destroying the threshing machines. True it is that
daily assemblages of labourers take place in the neighbourhood
—that they endeavour to impress the neutral peasantry into
their band. and threaten farmers with revenge who suffer their
men to labour for less than half a crown a day ; nevertheless not one
act has been committed in this district to alarm the fears even of the
timid. Reports, not confined to a single busy.body, but several, are al.
ways afloat, but they fail in truth upon the first inquiry, and may be
traced to the source whence abundant falshood has already emanated.
On Sundey night a fire was distinctly seen from this city, blazing for
more than an hour in terrific grandeur. It was naturally concluded to
be the work of an incendiary, and the author or authors were proportion.
ally ezeaated; but, when the truth came to be told, it turned out that
a party of smugglers, wishing to run a cargo of contraband goods, had
applied, however infamous it may appear, a light to an immense stack
of haulm at Mount Pleasant, not far from the sea. The ruse answered
admirably, for not only was the freight eddy landed, but they
curried it off into the interior of the country without in.
terruption. Two causes are at present assigned for this cursor.
dinery and sudden change in the conduct of the labouring classes
—the establishment of an armed force in the villages, and the seem.
ing disposition of the farmers to yield to the demands of the men.
In the mean time the most confidential servants are placed to keep watch
over the premises, while the farmers perambulate, in turn, from night-
fall to day-break. Where a large fume can muster, it seems an efficient
method of counteracting the villanous projects of these lawless fellows;
but the former scheme, carried into effect, would have a hundred-fold
better tendency to promote a return to the usual order of things. At
present it is no uncommon thing to find a would.be industrious labourer
receiving Os. a week. Perhaps the poor fellow has a large family. Can
he support them upon that sum ? Let any feeling mu reply t I anti.
spate his wawa will be, "No !" Well, this poor fellow seeks paro-
chial aid, and every Friday or Saturday night receives 3a, 441, or he, from
an overseer, who looks upon him with contempt. Some of these men re.
collect the time when, at the end of the day's toil, the gotch of home-
brewed ale foamed on his table, when his wife cheered his return, and his
children received himvith extended arms. The picture is not now the
same, a poor cheerless hovel receives them, and, instead of a good
fire to warm and comfort them, sleeper other the wretched truckle led,
is.** only solace. I was struck with the detail given me a few days
ago by an aged industrious man, who informed me drat aOm of boom
at the commencement of the week formed the only animal nwarielmenst
he received until a return of the time when his entity Odom wee paid
him. His was not a solitary can, be said ; there are bodged kw nap.
dons. To the credit of one Fathoms, I will retest a eisenmeeenes,
Seen a conviction of its truth. On die farm of T. Pm" Eel. at
Chialett Court the labennes are voided to hie peeper, ea auk as to
their own wives. They have not espedemill way pormydble allratee
Miln the " sodden limeadoo." bet ism& la a eswdldes to brew their
ova beer, keep Op, sad live k dieset. Is thin shy for of kis
man'e poorer, P Nide Not die kkoorios dame& Tram ad Ino
glean, a nous to better wages ell eole the evil. The setae s, is then
ape, who marched hoe dale dty, Welt met* et* hot, mhos it be
eerreeded, there will Depletoryeeded, await he three dosing the whew.—
Correepowdent Vibe Herald. .

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF LORDS, Nov. 4.
The house met at a quarter to fur o'clock, and prayers were read by
the Bishop of Gloucester.
Several Peers took the oaths.
The LORD CHANCELLOR ri ad his majesty's answer to the ad-
dress, which was ordered to be entered on the journals.
Mr. Tiern, from the Tax-olEce, presented an account of causes de-
cided by the Judges under the Assessed Taxes Act.
Lord Talbot, Lord homers, Lord Hardwicke, lard Radnor, Earl
Grey, the Duke of Gloucester. and the Bishop of Bath and Wells, m-
oaned petitions from Protestant Dissenters and others, praying for the
total abolition of Negrn slavery, which were severally read and laid on
the table.

DISTRICSI OF TIIE COUNTRY.
The Earl of WINCHILSEA rose amidst a numerous attender ce of
Peers, and gave notice of his Intention to lay upon their lordships'
table a bill for the better support and maintenacce of agricultural
labourers. The noble earl observed, at the same time, •hat he
could not abstain from expressing the astonishment felt by him-
self, and the country at large, in consequence of the awful
policy pursued by his Majesty's Ministers. A Noble Earl
(Grey) had laid down the true policy upon which Ministers
should act for the benefit of the country, and he really did hope
that his Majesty's Government would have the good sense to act upon
,the principles of non-interference with the affairs of foreign nations.
If a contrary line was followed it would be in opposition to the
wishes of the people, and the ancient policy of the kingdom. It
would be wise to leave the States of the Netherlands to settle their own
concerns. With respect to the disturbances in this country, the sinn-
ing of one part of the population against the other, would never se-
cure the quietude and happiness of the people.—lf they had griev-
ances unredressed, there would be no settled tranquillity or protec-
tion for property. The best security would arise from a desire on
the part of our gracious King and his Ministers, to do justice to
his faithful, patient, and suffering subjects. The noble earl expres-
sed his astonishment, excited by the observations which bad fallen
from the noble duke during a fanner night, on the question of Par-
liamentary Reform. The noble duke had stated that he considered the
present state of repretentation so perfect that it could not be improved.
He should maintain, that the noble duke had not taken a correct
view of the present state of' representation. The country at large
knew that the constitution of Parliament might be im-
proved. and that it was not expedient to suffer it to remain
constituted as it then was. (Hear, hear.) He should contend that
some moderate reform must and would take place. He most cordially
with the noblerl (Grey) that unless Parliament did consent to
agreedi ea
r some moderate reform in the House of Commons, they might ex-
pect to see the destruction of the whole fabric of the constitution. They
had a right to expect the question of reform to be regularly brougi;r
under discussion ; and as ministers abandoned it, there was no person
so well qualified to bring it forward as the noble earl. His hope was
that the noble earl would bring forward some measure to meet the gene-
ral wishes of the country, and he for one would give the noble earl his
strongest support. They were placed in no ordinary position, and having
a duty to perform, they ought not to shrink from that duty. If blind
to what they owed to tbek country, they should recollect what they owed
to themselves. He most humbly implored their lordships, before they
found destruction advance tapas them, to pause. He believed, most cm-
scientiously, that they stood on the brink of destruction. They might
avoid every misfortune by doing justice to the complaints of the public.
The noble earl was astonished that :no allusion had been made in
his Majesty's Speech to the distresses of the agricultural popula-
tion. In the county to which he belonged it was most lamentable
—he should do his duty by endeavouring to alleviate that distres.,
and his hope was that other noble lords, resident in Kent, would do th.:
same. Adverting again to the sentiments of the noble duke, on di:
question of parliamentary reform, he observed that he could not supp.se
' the noble duke intended his sentiments as a restraint upon the nobl.-
persons who were favourable to reform. If, however, by possibility
' such could be the views of the noble duke, as well might that noble
' duke attempt to attack Olympus storm, as attempt to cheek the rib-
' ing spirit of the age. (Hear.) Ministers, in the noble earl's opinion.
' had lost the confidence of the country, and they ought to be suc-
ceeded by others. He would give his support to noble lords who had
never betrayed their counts . In such persons he would repose con-
fidence, and be was the great body of the people would feel
rit La
respect for them. e entreated their lordships to apply themselves to
the interests of the people, and propose those measures which ministers
would net bring forward. The Government had lost public confidence.
Neither the Catholk nor the Protestant party bad the slightest con&
data in the advisers of the Crown. The noble earl was desirous of
; seeing other men In the plaees of the present Ministers. When the
change occurred, and he found the Government acting for the Interest of
t the country, be should not withhold his suppport.
The Duke of WELLINGTON rose to speak to a point of order.--
t
The noble lord had come down to make a speech without giving notice
of the topics to be introduced, and it was not his intention to follow the
I noble lord's example. He rose merely to say the noble lord had mis-
stated what he (the Duke of Wellington) had said upon the question to
which the noble lord had alluded.

The Earl of WiNCHILSEA was not aware that he had misstated
any thing said by the noble duke. If he had misstated what the noli'.e
duke said, it would have been right if the noble duke bad pointed out
the point he had misstated. He concluded by moving that the house be
summoned foe Thursday next.—Ordered.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE postponed the questions he had to
submit to the Duke of Wellington, on the subject of a treaty referred to
on a former debate until Monday.
The House adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE 017MEIBTS, Nov. 4.
The Soroixa entered the house at hslf-past one. At two, a boom
having been made, the Speaker, accompanied by several of the Mem.
ben present, among whom were Lord Gehnstone, Mr. Dundee, and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, proceeded to St. James's, to present
the Address to his Majesty. The Chair was resumed at a quarter
to four.
The SPEAKER informed the House that he had received, through
the Hanaper Oflice, the returns of Members frost Li-
merick, Dublin, Cartit,kWeexTir and the county of Tipperary.
The SPEAKER informed the House that he hod plossmod the Ad.
dress to his May, who had graciously aeknowhodpil the same.
Petitions against negro slavery were presented bat Newcastle-under-
Line, and other plum, in the county of Stied, by Mr. Littleton ;
from two places in Yorkshire, by Mr. Sykes; foam Hereford, by Sir R.
Chinning ; from Chichester, by Mr. J. Smith; form Waterford, by Sir
John Newport; from numerous in Yorkshire, by Mr. Mu-
combe and Loed Moth; from places in
Ashby-de-la-Zotteh, and
other places, by Mrills ; from Banbury, by Mr. V. Stewart ; front
Chippenham, by Mr. Neeld ; from Dublin, Kendal, and several other
SIT
places.
G. MURRAY gave notice of a motion for the 11th, for the better
regulation of the colonies.
Mr. SADLER gave notice of a motion for introducing poor laws into
Ireland.
Mr. ORATTAN moved for returns coneernitg the grand juries in
Ireland.
Mr. HUME postponed the presentation of a petition from Armagh
against the return of the Chancellor of the Exchequer till tomorrow.
Petitions against returns of members were presented from the boroughs
of BuroughWdge and Dundalk.
Mr. HUME gave notice that when the anti-truck motion came on,
be would move as an amendment, that the house appoint a select cnm.
mime on the subject.
Mr. HUME moved for a copy of the regulatiens respecting the pen-
/dons to widows of dicers in the army. &c.
Sir H. HARDINGE gave notice for Monday of a Diction fur
leave to bring in a bill relating to the Sheri& of helot& Ile also
gave notice of motions relating to the lirar.d Jetties, the Ve-ny
Laws, the Subletting Act in lre.aed, ant: the Conscience Ccurts of
Dublin.
Mr. CURTEIS gave notice of a motion for Monday, for the repeal
of the Malt Tax.
Mr. A. DA WSON presented a petition horn Dundalk against the
Jews' Disabilities.
Mr. R. GORDON gave notice that on Totality fortnight he would
bring under the consideration of the house the distinction made
between half pay and full pay officers in the holding of civil ap-
pointments.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, the
passage of the king's speech telating to the estimates having been nod,
it was agreed that to-morrow a committee of the whole house should hr
formed to take the question into consideration.
Mr. TENNYSON rose to correct a misstatement which had ap-
peared in one of the public papers. He bad never said In last
night's debate that his majesty was afflicted with that blindness
which precedes despotism ' • but that the ministers appeared to him
to be afflicted by that blindness which preceded their own destructi n.
Mr. HUME said, that the king's speech having spread great alarm
in the market of securities, by exciting appreher.sions of a war, mini..
tens should take the opportunity affordtd by the estimate committee, of
giving an explanation on the subject.
Mr. C. W. W. WYNNE rose to propose his motion against the
taking of the abjuration oath, and the taking of the oaths before the
Lord Steward. The former. he said, was useless, and therefore only
went to diminish the respect which should attend the sanction of an
sash. The Member was mark to declare that be believed no descend•
at s etJanies 11. to have May right to the Crown. Now, there was no
banes beteg In existence to whom this oath could apply. The taking
debit oaths before the Lord Steward hest been enjoised by as Acts(
Elisabeth for the sake of tekinnity, the Lord Steward being thee ow-
Mind as the highest judicial authority. But he aged whether the
es* weilksoe sow bs taken with much more solemnity at ibe table of
that House in presence of the Speaker. The objection that in that ems
Members would pressed to the election of a Speaker without being •
own, did not woos to his of osnroquence, as there was Bois babe
ithey *mad met isfese to tabs the oath* 'Rev they had been etetted.
TM boa. strobe, dies adverted to the delays which vacancies in that

ti

I

i!

I

!

Ake had often occasioned to members, who mold not take their seats
without being sworn, and concluded by stating his motion.
Ile FERGUSON expressed his concurrence in the motion. In his
dioiee, all oaths, except that of allegiance, by which the member de-
lared himself to be a loyal subject, should be abolished. The Pro-
testant, who had never been suspected of acknowledging the spiritual
intiscUction of the Pope, was made to take the oath denying it ; while
the Catholic, on whose account the oath had been rramed, was not.
Mr. O'CONNELL observed, that the oath declaring that the Pope
had no spiritual jurisdiction in the realm, was not a true one, fee there
was, he admitted, that spiritual jurisdiction.
Lord NUGENT expressed himself against the present custom of
making appeals to the ALMIGHTY OM mere trifles.
Mr. R. PALMER said a few weeds in an under tone, which we un-
derstood were in support of the motion.
Mr. C. PELHA M spoke in support of the motion.
Sir ROBERT PEEL said, that be bad not had time to consider the
subject ; but he would acquiesce in the penniesion to bring in the MB,
reserving to himself the power to act as be thought proper when it was
brought forward for discussion. He said he had learned enough not to
grant an assent too hastily to any measure. He thought that the oath
of abjuration, modified as it was, wan sufficiently clear and unobjec-
tionable ; there could be no descendants now of James I. who bad any
claim to the throne of England, as the descent was now Sued.
Colonel FERGUSON expressed his conviction of the propriety of
having the oaths all blended into one oath; and not that one oath
should be taken by Catholics, and another oath be taken by Pro-
testantp, which only tended to keep up the distinction of religious
opinions.
•Sir R. PEEL said that this was a proof of the necessity of caution
in giving an assent hastily to any measure, for the proposed modem
affected a question which had been discussed last year regarding the
qualikation of the Jews : but the present motion ought not to have any
reference to that question ; any measure relating to the Jews ought to
belbrougAt forward on hi own merits, and must not he decided by a
side wind.
Sir C.WETHERELL did not see the necessity of any alteration in
the oath as it now stood, as it would only be the expunging of three
words which were easily pronounced; but be did not pledge himself
that he would oppose the measure.
Mr. O'CONNELL said a few words in explanation.
Mr.C.W. WYNNE having replied &treat length, leave wormed
to bring in the bill.
Mr. KENNEDY moved for leave to bring in a bill to replete dia
standing orders relating to Scotland, and to assimilate them to those or
England.—Leave granted.
Mr. HUME moved that all the papers be printed and laid before tie
house, relating to the existing traatlss between his Majesty and Halls*
Belgium, and PortugaL
Sir A:PEEL said, that he had so objection but the great
The bon. gem. always objected to his economy, but null=
information necessary foe the purposes of debate could be found in demi.
meats to which there was easy access, as they were already prUW.•
the treaty of Vienna, the treaty of Paris, and every Information on the
subject.
Mr. HUME said, he was happy to hear his Majesty's Minister was
so economical; but his (Mr. Hume's) idea was that that exposes might
be the means of preventing a war. Thou who were not conversant in
the relations of Holland, Belgium, and Portugel, such as new members,
he thought it reasonable that they should leave them in a tangible
form, of easy reference.
Sir R. PEEL declared the hon. member was becoming quite probes
b public expenditure; it would cost a vast sum to have th:perers
printed; and it Could even be a great expense to have them e
clerks, and it was quite unnecessary to copy what was already pistol
For the whole papers were to be found in the Annual Register, and
other works of that description.
The conversation here ended.
Mr BURRELL moved for leave to bring up kbill for the regulation
of special juries in Sussex.
Read a first time.
The Middlesex inclosure bill was read a first time.
The House adjourned at seven o'clock.
