PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 18.
This morn* the Loan Dicrtrre sat for the furtherance of Ap-
peals at ten o'clock.—" Discow o. Campbell" was, first called on,
iliWitieh Mr. FuLLawrow was heard for the appellant, and Mr.
AuBYettallar and Mr. Joou A. Murotay fur the respondent, and
tlr.'WEitapt in reply ; when the latest judgment in the Court of
Session was confirmed by their Lordships.
In the appeal of " Richardson and others e. the Countess Dow-
ager of Haddisigton and her husband," Mr. SoaprrELL and Mr.
Mga.ast were heard for the appellants, and 'Mr. ABFICROMRY and
Mr. Po:JAl:row in part for the .respondents ; after which the fur-
ther-hearing was postponed till to-morrow morning at ten.
About ten minutes to four o'clpek the Loan Darner retired, and
•t a quarter past four the Loan eIIASCIILLOS took the Woolsack.
Mr. Sispronc, from the Commissioners of Dover Harbour, deli-
vered an Account of the Receipts and Expenditure of the Harbour
Tonnage and Duties for the last year.
Earl SPENCER presented three Petitions from different places
io Buckinghamshire and Northamptonshire, praying for the com-
plete abolition of Slavery. The Noble Earl expressed his entire
cOneturence in the prayer of the Petitioners, and hoped that the
recommendations of his Majesty's Government on this subject to
the Colopial Legislatures would be treated with the same temper
as they appeared to have experienced from both Houses of Parlia-
ment. He should not have done justice to his feelings if he had
shot taken this opportunity of noticing the praiseworthy conduct of
as Majesty's Government, whose endeavours he hoped would be
attended with the most beneficial effects.
The Earl GROSV ENOR thought their Lordships were ra-
ther in the dark with respect to an important point, he meant the
total abolition of slavery. It was said that great facilities would
e afforded fur that object. But, at present, he knew not what those
facilities were to be, and trusted that some general description
would be given to the House.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL, in reply, said that with reference
to the total extinction of slavery, he conceived that the best mea-
sures to be pursued were the general melioration of the state of
slaves, and, above all, tae al;trusiun of religious education. He had
no hope of obtaining the extinction of slavery in any other way than
by the moral improvement of slaves. AlLlioration must be gradual,
by teaching the slave the value cf industry, in enabling him to ac.
quire that property by which he might purchase his own freedom
and procure the same benefit to his wife, and even to his own chil-
dren. When these measures had been fairly tried and were found
inadequate, it would remain for Parliament to adopt some other
means. But he must repeat it, that he relied much less upon the
efforts of Parliament than upon the dittu,ion of education and the
production of moral worth. All must be done through the slave
himself; let him do what he could, and hold out to every man that
by his own conduct he might acquire his freedom, and raise him-
aelf in the social system.
The Earl GROSVENOR, upon the motion for going into a
Committee upon the Army Mutiny Bill, ruse. and expressed his
wish that the puni•hment of flogging might be abolished in the
army. He was aware in saying this that the practice had by de-
grees diminished, and that it; some regiments it was not used at all;
but was desirable to assimilate the practice of the Navy to that
of the Army, where no man could be punished but by the sentence
of i Court Martial. It might out, perhaps, be prudent altogether
to put an end to it, but he wished somethiug to be dour.—The above
Bill theft passed through the Committee, and was reported without
ry amendments, to the House.
• Uport the motion of the Earl of Soarstsatrav, their Lordships
thelVwCot into Committees upon the Marine Mutiny Bill, the Four
per Cetits. Bill, and the County Jails 13111, which were reported
Whhistit any adiendments.
l'he Earl of SHA FTESBURY bid upon the table the First
Repetrt of the Commissioners fur inquiring into the Fn.e.ti:e of the
Llfw-COurta in Scotland with regard to Appeals.
- The' Earl of LIVERPOOL, said that their Lordships must be
swan e'o( the irupeiEtance of the document now laid upon the table.
'it"Sreaslo truth one of vastireat importance, as resulting from a
Chrdtntstion- composed of the abhor men in both countries, and
likely to lead, hi Waked, to some permanent system. Be should

therefore at early day take an opPqrtioity to +propose ti at ti
Retort .should Ise referred to a C.imsuttee of liken. Lordshigli, to
see whai Bills-Might in consequence be brought in.
The. Sugar-Bdunties Mond thielrefsind Court of Exchequer Bill
were read respectively a second time.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, in reference to an Appeal
Cause, moved that the hearing which stood for Friday should be
adjourned to Monday neat, on the alleged ground that on Friday
the Counsel were obliged to attend In the Vice-Chancellor's Court.
He wished to remind their Lordships, while conceding this point,
that it was an absolute rule of that House for COunsel to attend
there its the first instance, as the highest Court of Judicature.
Mr. MILLING, from the Millbank Penitentiary, delivered the Re-
port of the Superintending Committee on the state of that prison.
—Adjourned till tomorrow.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. TREMA YNE presented a Petition from Bodmins praying
.for the Abolition of Negro Slavery.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FREEMA NTLE presented a similar Petition from Buck-
Inghanishire.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BLACKBURN presented a Petition front the Merchants
and Manufacturers of Russendale, in Lancashire, against the Ex-
portation of Long Wool.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CUR WEN presented a Petition from Cumberland, praying
for the Abolition of Negro Slavery.—Ordered to he on the table.
Colonel PALMER presented a Petition from St. Peter and
Paul, of Bath, praying for the repeal of the Assessed Taxes. He
read most of the Petition.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. 111 A BERLY gave notice that, on the 9th of May, he would
move fur the repeal of the whole of the Assessed Taxes.
Mr. S. RICE, in presenting a Petition against the repeal of the
Linen Bounties, expressed a hope that those Bounties would not
be repealed without the amplest consideration, and the fullest
conviction of its justice; it would materially affect the rising trade
of two Provinces.
Colonel FRENCH also stated, that the consequences of repeal-
ing those bounties, even in the limited degree; would be ruinous.
To repeal them, novr that they had been enacted, would be to lose
one of the must powerful means of tranqpillizing Ireland.-
The Petition was from the Chamber of Commerce, Limerick,
and it having been read,
Sir H. PA lINELL stated, that he felt compelled to differ in
opinion from his Hon. Friends. He deemed that the linen trade of
Ireland was so completely established, that the change would not
affect it in the least.
_ _

Sir J. NEWPORT trusted that the matter would be calmly and
dispassionately discussed previously to the duties being repealed.
Sir R. FERGUSON observed, that the alterations had the ap-
probation of the Linen Manufactory of Scotland.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD said, that he had that morning for-
warded to the Chancellor of the Exchequer a Memorial from the
Grand Jury of the County which he represented, against the repeat
of the bounties. Where the linen trade had been established, ewe-
daily in the West of Ireland, it was not merely of local value, but
was useful towards the general improvement of Ireland. He was
for a gradual repeal of the bounties, if any repeal were attempted;
he would' not contend that the bounties ought to be continued for
an unlimited period. . .•
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON said that the alarm in Ireland was
great, occasioned by the proposed, repeal of the bounties.
Mr. MABERLY said, that when the Right Hon. Chancellor of
the Exchequer talked of repealing bounties, be ought also to repeal
the duties on the raw material—( I-lear, bear).—The discussion
ought not to be brought forward in this incidental way, and if the
Chancellor of the Exchequer did not promote a discussion, he
would, by moving the repeal of all the duties—( Hear, hear.)—The
proposed repeal was ill-advised and unconsidered.—The Petition
was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME presented a Petition from the Shoemakers of Liver-
pool, praying for a Repeal of the Combination Laws.—Referred to
the Committee on the Laws.
A Petition was presented against the Hides and Skins Bill.
)Ir. HUME complained of the manner in which this Bill was
conducted. He should certainly oppose it if he knew when it
would come before the House, as it was quite full of absurdities
and contradictions. He wished to knew when the proposer of the
Bill intended to move for a Committee upon it, because, as it was
a Private Bill, the House might perhaps be tan by surprise?
The SPEAKER said the Honourable Member need be under no
apprehension in that respect, as he considered this Bill to be such a
Bill as entitled Members to the usual notice upon public Bills.
Mr. G. BENNET trusted the House would reject the Bil—
-1 Ordered to lie on the table.
