MONDAY EVENING, AUGUST 24, 1329.

FRENCH PAPERS.

From the Gazette de France of Saturday.
MADRID, Atm. 10.
Tie Minister of Finance is much better, and will resume Ms
labours to-morrow. The Minister of Grace and Justice has com-
municated to the Council of &ate the fallowing Royal Order, dated
18th July :

" Sta—The Minister of Foreign Affairs acquaints me, consider-
ing that the Journal published at Paris under the name of the
Queddieruse has passed the bounds of moderation, and failed in
respect to the King our Sovereign, by attacking the opinion of his
faithful servants, censuring the operations and the measures which
emanate from the Sovereignty of his Majesty, even combating the
of article which the Consul-General of Spain at Paris has pub-
lished in defence of the Spanish credit, his Majesty has resolved that
the introduction of WI Journal into the Spanish territory shaU be
prohibited ; consequently, orders to that effect will be leaned."
A ship, which has jest arrived at Cadiz, from the Havannah,
has brought to the Government dispatches from General Fives,
Captain-General of the island of Cuba, announcing that the expedi-
tion against the Mexican continent which sailed from the Havannab,
under the command of General Miranda, had landed at the port of
Sisal, in the province of Yucatan, and that it made itself master of
that province without encountering the slightest opposition, and
without being obliged to fire a single mus►et to effect this occupa-
tion. The expedition does not amount to 6,000 men, as was re-
ported ; it amounts to only 5,000, of whom 3,500 are whites, and
1,500 people of colour. This army is too small to undertake any
offensive operations; and therefore General Miranda keeps his
troops concentrated atYucatan, awaiting for the result of the efforts
which may be made in the interior by the partisans whom we are
supposed to have in Mexico, when they have learned of the landing
of a Spanish expedition on the territory of the Republic.

PARIS, Aco. 21.
ERRATA OF THE JOURNALS.
Constitutionnet--It is said that M. de Polignac bas demanded of
the King of Spain the dismissal of M. Ballasteros, and the appoint-
ing of a successor to Count d'Ofalia.

The Courrier—Tbe department of the Marine has been refused
by SI. de Lalot.

The Journal dm Cameteree—M. de Lalot has positively refused
the department of the Marine. An answer from M. Vitrolles a
expected.

Ditto--The report of a very stormy discussion in the Council of
yesterday has been spread In some salons.

Ditto— A complete change of the English Ministry, the formation
of which is said to he confided to Lord Holland.

From the Messayer des Chambres of Friday.
SECOND EDITION.
PARIS, Auo. 21.

The Porte having renewed its friendly relations .with England
and France, the Cousulates of these two nations have just been re-
established at Smyrna, and their flags hoisted with great solemnity.
They will also be immediately re-established in the ports of Syria.
A letter from Madrid of the 10th August srys that the police has
just received orders to arrest, If it can find them at Madrid, the fol-
lowing persons Messrs. Ricard, Reyna!, Kens (Advocate in the
United State of America, who has the rank of Spanish Colonel);
the ►iargds di Crol, the Count de Croi, his nephew (French
emigrants); and the Priest Anduesa, Vicar of Nichitocihes, in
Louisiana.—The grounds of this rigorous measure are not known.
AU the news received from the Levant agree that there are great
changes in the political 'system which is to be followed with re-
spect to the war in the East. The Cabinet of St. James's appears
definitively to espouse the cause of Turkey, and is already prepar-
ing to stop by force the projects of Russia, whose successes alarm
it. The Greek cause is left to its own force, and the dissensions
existing among the Greeks make their friends fear that they will
be reduced to their former state of slavery. Some persons say that
the army of the Morn will soon return to France.
We have spoken of an English vessel which was said to have
forced the blockade of Algiers, in sight of the Provence of the line,
without any ship of the squadron being able to oppose its passage.
The following is an- accurate statement of the facts :—An English
frigate, the Dartmouth, entered t►e harbour of Algiers the Sist
July, but it was after having been authorised by the Duchene de
Berri. The English corvette Pelorus has also anchored in the bay,
and was there only the 30th July, when the ship of the line the
Provence, and the Alerte brig, went there with a flag of truce.
This corvette did net sail from Algiers till after the event of the e3d
August, and it communicated with our cruisers on the west at
Cape Casio,. _ _

From the Journal des Debuts.
PARIS, AUG. 20.

Let the following speech be read and examined with attention ;
let it be weighed word for word—phrase for phrase ; let it be
connected with the general principle estsblisbed in it. and with the
consequences which flow from it, and the results which crown it ;
and then let it be judged of. This speech was delivered by M. de
la Bourdonnaye, in 1815 ; and if we were not to specify the date,
and the author, the public would believe that It referred to the
most disastrous times of our political troubles; and that it was at
one of the most terrible 3feetings of the Con•eution, listening to
one of the most sanguinary harangues, of whioh the recollection,
after an interval of 36 years, still harrows up the blood. A con.
fused recollection only is preserved of this document, of which a
Becrpt Committee concealed the mysterious horror. But time re.
veals all secrets; and the speech of Al. de Bourdonnaye, published
yesterday by a Journal, has, at length escaped from the tomb,
where, no doubt, the author flattered himself it was for ever hidden.
" Motion for a law of amnesty, made by Count de la Bourdon.
nave in the Chamber of Deputies, Nov. 15, 1815, and then taken
into consideration :

" Gentlemen—lt is now above four months since the throne of
the usurper was overturned—Noce the legitimate Sovereign, re-
turned to his capital, hes exhaultril all the means of indulgence, of
moderation and oblivion, in order to bring back the factious to a
sense of their duty, and restore to France that calm and tranquillity
for which she has so long sighed.
" The evils of war, disasters without number—the carrying off
the objects of art, the only remains -of twenty years of conquests--
the presence of an enemy's armies on our territory—the weight of
enormous contributions, of which history tells of none similar—a
convention which dismembers our frontiers and weakens our de-
fence—all these misfortunes, the incalculable results of an unex-
ampled conspiracy, have not brought the conspirators back to their
rightsenses.

4. Whence comes, Gentlemen, this audacity and madness? From
two causes opposed to each other—ftom the impunity of diuln.
e one hand, and, on the other, from the un
secondary agents are left; men weak and
amnesty which might covet their faults, and
punishment which they knew they have me-
them we must have recourse to sew
not of themselves to he dreaded ; they
multitude, whom they lead astray or
as uneasiness, separate them from their
soon feel their weakness.
, the authors of our misfortunes have coo-
their numerous accomplices; and have
chastisement. The moment of justice is
be prompt and terrible, in order that
everywhere restored, and that some
salutary horror, and guarantee to us a
propose to you, Gentlemen, as amnesty
I shall discuss them, and conclude by
s for a law on this subject.
strike? Are they good men who con-
se genera happiness in view? Ambi-
them. 'Under the sneak of the public
public mind. What advantages have
'oder the mask of hypocrisy, or with
firing of tbr batteries at Algiers on the
Sag of truce, as rehted In the' journal

guished critriiaalsOnth e one h
certainty in which their seennc
erring, by delaying an amnestg
secure them against a punishini
died. To put an end to th
lemur's. The factious are iv
n do nothing withost the m
sturb. Pot an end to this u
afeomplices, and they will win
.1 Tip lug, Gentlemen, the
aled themselves behind thrift
ped their merited chasth
rived.; its effects ought to ii
man sUanquillity may be
g at examples may exile aso
tier future.
". I. have the honour to prop,
. scd on these principles. 1
s butittilig to you a motion for
" .dad why do goat fear to seri
ire? Have the faction the g
•rs mid vengeance animate till
g • AlinThava excited the pu
y • drawn from this? Unds
e •is alba es to the Bring
ovence, While beating a lig
. . a Deese' of Thursday.
•
