Ptess in
.existence, required That the working
and the cultivation of the soil, should be committed
to hands mere robust and active than their's.
" This measure, which did not create slavery, b
of ly took advantage of that which existed throu
the barbarity of the Africans, by saving
their prisoners, and alleviating their sad,
far from being prejudicial to the Negroes transported
to America, conferred upon them not only the 's
parable blessing of being instructed in the Loewe
of the true GOD, and of the only-Religion in whielt
the SUPREME BRING desires to beadored• by his creeks
tures, but likewise alhthe advantages which acconse
Fall civilization, Without, subiecting them in their
state of servitude to .a harder condition than that
which they endured in freedom, when.free in their
native country. Nevertheless the noyetty of this sys-
tem demanded prudence in its execution, and thus iE
happened that the introduction of Negroeglaves into
America depended always on particular licenses,
iehich my predecessors granted according to titenta-
stances of places and times, till the era when untrained
Slaves were generally permitted both in national and
foreign vessels, by the Royal Proclamations of the
28th of September, 1789, the 12th of April, 1798,
and the 42d of April, 1804, in each of which the diffe-
rent places for their introduction was determined.
All this clearly evinced that the Christiap wisdom of
my predecessors considered always these provisions
as exceptions to the law, and dependent on variable
conditions. Although the license granted the 22d of
April, 1804, had not expired when DIVINE PROVI-
DENCE restored me to the throne to which he had des-
tined me, and of which an unjust usurper had perfi-
diously attempted to deprive me, the disturbances and
dissensions excited in my American dominions, dur-
ing my absence, immediately fixed my sovereign at,
tentien; and meditating incessantly on the most ap-
propriate Means of re-establishing good order in thole
remote possessions, and giving them an the encou-
ragement of which they are capable, I was not'doer
in perceiving, that the circumstances which liti:ts.
duced my predecessors to permit the traffic in
an the coasts of Africa, and their intrudlnctittallids
lieth Americas, had entirely changed. hi thele pit*
vinces the number of indigenous Negroes has inert:weld
prodigiously, and even that of free Negroes, under
the fostering care of a mild Government and tbs
Christian humanity of the Spanish pretors;
number of the what inhabitants has M,trise be
much augmeeted, and the climate is not now so 7
judicial to the latter, as it was before the soil
cleared of wood and subjected to cultivation.
advantage, likewise, which resulted to the inhabi
of Africa from their transportation tO a. civil
country, is not now ao agent or exclusive, •since
enlightened nation has undertaken the glotinni. ta.
of civilizing them in their own land. At the sank
time the general progress of improvement in tarope,,
and the spirit of humanity which directed its late'
transactions in restoring the political edifice, which:
the wickedness of a usurped Governmenthad shaken;
to its foundation, have excited, among European
eereigns, a desire to see this traffic abolished; and
the Congress of Vienna, agreeing on the necessity .
the abolition, they occupied themselves in facilitating
itwer.ecution by the moetimieable negoeiations with
this* Powers which had colonies, meeting in me that
disposition which became so laudable an undertaking.
Those considerations moved my Royal mind to in-
form itself from enlightened persons, aeslous for the
prosperity of my states, on the effects which the abo-
lition of the traffic would produce on them. Having
seen their reports, and desirous to attain certainty in
a matter of so grave importance, I transmitted them
to my Council in the Indies, with my Royal order •
the 14th of June, 1815, that it might communicate
to the Its opinion and advice. Having collected:all
.these copious materials, and having examined the
proposition which the proper Supreme Tribunal laid
before me in its deliberation of the 15th of February,
1816, answering to the confidence which I repose in
it, and coinciding with its opinion respecting,the abo-
lition of the mac in Slaves, and co-operating with
the Kieg of (heat Britain by a solemn treaty, embrac-
ing all the points of reciprocal interest involved in
this important transaction, and determining that the
time for the abolition was arrived, the interests of 122 t
American States being duly reconciled with the sen-
timents of my Royal mind, and the wishes of all die
Sovereigns, my friends and allies, I have decreed as
follows:

" Art. 1. nom this day forwerde I prolibioat# oisirsubiects,,
both in the Peninsula and In America, from-going*, buy ieeroee
on the coasts of Africa, north of the line. The negroes who may
be bought on the said coasts shall be declared tree in the first
part of my dominions, at which the ship in which they are
trattonsirted shall arrive. The ship itself, together with the re-
minder of its cargo, shall be confiscated to the Royal Treasury,
and the purchaser, the Captain, the Master, and Pilot, shall be
irrevocably condemned to 10 years' transportation to the Phi-
fir incl
" Art. 2. The above punishment does not attach to the trader,
the Cagtain, the Mager, and Pilot of the vessels, which may sail
from any port of any dominions, for the coasts of Africa north of
the line, before the filild of November of the present year; to
edict I grant, besides, an extension of six months, counting from
the above date, to complete their expedition.
" .Art. 3. From the 30th of May, 1820, I equally prohibit
ell my subjects, as well Its the Peninsula as in America, from
going to purchase negroes along those parts of the coast of Africa
which are to the South of the Line, under the same penalties
Unposed in the first Article of this Decate allowing likewise
•the apace of five months from the above date to complete the
voyages that may be undertaken before the above.mentioned soth
of May, in which the traffic in Slaves shall awe in all my do-
t:anions, as well in Spain as in America.
• " Art. 4. Those who, using the permission which I grant till
the 30th of May, 1840, to purchase Slams on that part of the
toast of Africa.which lies South of the Lino shall not be als
ga, seed toe:wry more Slaves than five to two was of the tonnage
thdr vessel : and any persons contravening this enactment
okop be 'objected to the penalty of losing all the Slaves on board,
lasi shall be declared free at the first port of my dominions in
,hick. the *hi/ arrives.
" Art. 5. Thil computation is made without a reference to
those who may be born during the voyage, or to those who may
be serving on board as sailors or servants.
" Art. is. Foreign itisels which may import Negroes into
any port of tri) dominions, shall be subjected to the regulations

OF 'A LITT'S _ ST.
FINIQUIIs FOVIMBER
On the fist of Octoßer, this colony was . Iby
the :von furious hurricane ever witnensileie. -The
tails of this sad disaster would be equally lorg_en
=ul. The loss of nearly 1,000 lives, 2.5,000 Oro
of sugar Of the present and next crop, incalcas'
!able losses in buildings, animals, and the necessaries
61'14 have occasioned a general desolation, iitder'
pendently. of the. gnat sessiety caused by 9-104 s 4
the shipping which wore in the different ports of An
island, being either wrecked, damaged, or Inissifir
St. Lucie and Dominica have equally suffered; the
tempest reached also St. Vincent and Grenada. *
ravages extended to Guadaloupe, as well as Per.t9.
Rico and its neighbourhood, though in a less derma
The loss experienced by Martinique alone may On
very moderately calculated at 25,000,000. of frame
lexclasively of the shipping: the works and.buildiqp
of entire parishes were razed to the ground. it hasoiet
26, hours, 12 of which with such inconceivable 4
as to produce all these disasters, and to de*my ' -
'lugs which had withstood all former htirricessaa . t
will require many years before the colony:taw:eel:o-
-w itself from this heavycalamity. this eves**. \
m
caused the following 1 lamation to be issesed,,
which Tens the ports to all foreign vessels: .
PROCLAMATION.
Pierre Rene Marie, Osente de Vaugiraud, Vice Admire",
Greed Cross of the Raid and Military Order of St. Loeb,
Meer of the Att Smionr, Geverpor, Lleuleweldiallimg
et the liked at end iu deresilevekmond floweeee
einarel etthe Reba Weeban liatitlttig
largegred
Leek Francois dn. Illea, d the &lei set
of St. Louis, eel et dm d Mint. Imudin et dm
said Island, lke. ,
Ceedidades ebee die endive Old Ineihresseo amere wlisiehe
colony hes last oarelonontl, roloime that she mhotpineptterl
cill=giesnlinPlia4l: ehntlSS
that so for ill PvesiMakratwita
h -wM ahould take Ogre
ems ookerbineftiont, and means 'whkh only call for partial Aid
irseesilkies:
lfoly Anne of the powers confided to us by his ft.
ee
and in consequence of the urgency of the case,have p
ordered and do order as follows :
Art. I. The port. of the Colony are copes to twelve vase*
not only for the imputative of provisions, and other artiche
enumerated in the Arrest of Anse 80, 1784, but aka be
Wheat and Rye-dour and for other eatables, anti for owl"
thing required for Agriculture, and for the repairs and dallying
of the Sugar Works.
All articles comeneely comprized under the dimainiaation of
dry goods remain excluded, and reserved to the conisaeree of '
the mother-country. 1
c Aug. Foreign vessels shall in return have the liberty to
export colonial produce to the amount of the cargoes they
brought. ,bill
•
Art. 3. Pantie vomit oi* continue to pay die Nike
Import mablbbed by the Aunt of the 30th of Angelis 171,
upon the articles therein enumerated; and shall pay an ailikienil
duty of 3 ter cent. eta those not enumerated in the raid •
Mt. 4. Foreign vessels shall pay the Export ties
1.140
by ffse of Arret of the 30th Augoit, 1784. ,
a per cent. upon the Colonial Produce which is es
*exported by the present Ordinance.—French vessels which sivf
] ;proceed to the United States for the parpex of bringing bek
pearislone to tits Colooy, shall only pay an Report Duty q(
_6
per cent. upon the Colonial Produce. Their return cargoes shall
only be subjected to the Duties established in shelf respect, by
the-Arne of the 30th of August, 1784.
Art. .5. The Duties on Colonial Product, payable by the seller,
Ad cemehene to be levied ea 14 present.—The provisions. of the
present Ordinance shall remain in force during six months front
the date of its being published, unless countermanded by iiiii-

- _
rice audinrity!
Green at Martinique, under our armorial seals, and CI
signed by our Secretaries, this 28th of October, 1817.
(*Pied) Le Comte de VAUGUIALD,
Secretaire, Delman Moca,

THE

STAR.

fliere was something eitremely like such an adoption
on the part of ALIULANDLR, of the hopes and pew
*is df his fallen enemy. The period of the ono*
slay be distant ; but the danger deserves not the WO
to be imuiediately and strongly guarded against.
The following Letter, from one of the French Off'
cers to whom we have alluded, and which is the
immediate cause of our now adverting to the subject,
will shew that in as far as regards India, the nego-
clarions of ALIXAWDZItiTe likely to be but too suc-

cessful—" A free passage for commerce to India,'
as it is here termed, is in other words but a route for
as invading force:
" TAURIS, AUGUST 17.
•
" We find ourselves very comfortable here with
Prince Abbas Mirza. This heir to the Persian
Throne is one of the finest men and most generous
Princes that can be seen. He has made me his
Aide-de-Camp. I have 2000 men under my com-
mand, with a considerable train of artillery. M. -11.
ot Cam, commands 1000 men, and a similar charge
is intrusted to M. B. de M. We receive magnificent
salaries, and we are anxious to promote the interests
of our country, which is held in high estimation ip
Persia.
“ We hear a good deal said of certain events,
Which are supposed to be on the eve of accomplish-
inset. The Treaty which is to grant to Russia a free
passage for its commerce into India and the Persian
Gulph, does not appear to experience any difficulty—
it will be equally advantageous to both countries.
A cession of some provinces adjoining to the Caspian
Sea may be ranked, on the contrary, as a thing quite
inadmissible the opinion of the people, as well as
that of the Sophi and the Hereditary Prince, is de-
cidedly opposed to it.

" A report which has somewhat more consistency
in it prevails, that there will be a re-establishment of
a kingdom of Armenia, with the common consent df
Persia, Russia, and Turkey."

nall••••,•••=a

We have received to-day Boston Papers to the 47th
of November ; and, from the following extracts, we
are glad to find there is every reason to believe the
Commissioners, under the 4th Article of the Treaty
of Ghent, have at last agreed on all the remaining
subjects of difference between the United States and
this country :
" NEW YORK, NOV. *4.
" The Commissionsts under the 4th Article of th

T:eaty of Ghent have agreed on all the subjects sub-1
mined to them, and thus have for ever settled all
disputes relative to the Islands in the Bay of PaSca-
' maquoddy. I shall send you particulars in a day
or two. Yours, &c."
" From all we have heard on the above interesting
topic, we are inclined to believe that the result will
be satisfactory to both nations ; and that much will
be due to the Hon. Mr. Holmes and Colonel Austin,
for the talent, the labour, and industry, in bringing
it to so favourable an issue. Yire further learn, that
the conduct of the British Commissioners has been
perfectly fair and honourable."—CAronicle*Patrise.
" BOSTON, NOVEKSILIt es.

" Further accounts from Milledgeville, in Georgia,
strengthen the report of an adjournment of the Le-
gislature of that State, to March next. A Gentle-
man lately arrived from thence at Savannah, states,
that much sickness prevailed among the Members,
and that many of them were extrunely

The Decree of the Krim of SPAIN, for the partial
Abolition of the Stare Trade, of which we made
brief mention yesterday, will be found at length in
our preceding columns. The present prohibition re-
lates only to the purchase of negroes, north of the
line. This is a lamentable prolongation of human
Sufferings, a capricious portioning out of justice. And
it is rendered the more dispiriting by its preamble,
which seems to be intended as a justification
the traffic it purports to abolish. It alleges, that the
exportation of Africans, as slaves, saves them from
death, as prisoners of war ; but it has been proved,
that wars are now waged in Africa solely for the
purpose of gaining prisoners to be sold, as slaves. It
pretends, that, when carried to South America, they
have the benefit of religious instruction. The fact of
their having any instruction, except in the labour, that
may render them profitable to their masters, may be
doubted. But is it pursuing a religious purpose to place
human beings in the state of suffering, which has been
fully proved to attend this traffic ; or does the Great
AUTHOR and OBJIICT of all Religion authorize us to
associate with our instruction the dreadful process of
a torturing imprisonment and slavery, carried on for
the pecuniary advantage of the inatructorer The cant
of this preamble prevents us from looking, with much
confidence, even to the distant relief the decree pro-
mises. We trust, however, that, long before 1820,
there will be better security than this istainst the
landing of slaves in South America.

' and PIRACY in I

Wabash, Capt. Gad
Mama Roads (Canton
of May. last. The
inquire dos math

WANK.
the -44-A
Ladroon boat, to tiff TM
thirty, under pretence
After amusing the Oi
an attack on them
killed Mr. Hat:

three seamen outright, and me
ded the other Mate, and tws
compelled two others, boys, to
of which, after having been se
was saved. .

The surviving crew retreatsl
were compelled, by threats to h
on deck, and disclose where tl
away. The Lae-owls • then
dollars:in specie, 3.5 chists of
petty, the whole amounting tc
Mr. CUSHING and other Ameri
toe, were taking measures to
the Chinese Government, for
waters—but their success was
• The Ladroons (thieves) are. th
Seas ; and appear to carry an their
puatty than their African brothers.

THE AR,

Yesterday his Royal Highn
Cuter held a Military Level
which was numerously attend

present were Lieutenant-Gen
Major-General Sir Gonna J
H'ANICIW, WRIGHT, Hun, M,

Wednesday night, betweei
and one o'clock, the Band of
feted at Erne, in order to
with joy, commenced serenac
Regiment, in the Barrack-:
ceeded to the lodgings of tho
town. The National Air of
Wallace bled," and " Robin
they performed in an exquisii
propriate tunes, had a most
stillness of the night.
In order to evince the sups
else, detachments of the 90
were lately ordered to asse
Plymouth'Dock, and came n
of Major-General BROWN, C
ventor), a number of Militar
vnerous assemblage of spectz
tion was used to prevent aces
the bayonets were enveloped
being sprinkled with a whir
the number of thrusts receiv
soon, however, became nee
combatants, as the loungers
tised the new exercise, enabi
the 64th, their supposed opj
not being inclined to reced
with no great complacency
tion the men were marcibe
sod the gates were closed to
ral charges were given and i
in individual attacks ; but th
exercise was such as to rends
batants on the old plan, rece
be destroyed on the first mot

BIRTH-DAY OP ?la PR
RA LER AVID SA= COROURO
years have passed this day si
Public the Birth of a Pam(
rues endeared her to our co
and irreparable loss is now u
fullest testimony of which
Papers, displaying an unpar
to an undertaking no less cry
those whose names it cunt&
Err whose virtues it is design

We are assured that his Ro
REGENT has is in immediate
tote a Welch Order, similar
and St. Patrick, consisting
panions, besides the Sorra
will probably take place on
the festival of St. David, the
It is a singular coincidence,
death of her lamented son, tl
Queen ANNE was occupied i
similar Order. The intention
dossed ; but many original d
s(74l...sge,are still preserved
Oxford.

A Letter from Berlin, dal
," The bookselkr, Kralousk.
'the Police, for having sold,
Description lithe Grand F 4
Wartbourg; and at the same
found at his house, have bei
bookseller who has been equ
this brochure, has shared IN
dividual has been also into
tively contributed to the dist
among the young of the scb
A German Paper cornea
dated from the Seine, Dees.
of State is now occupied wi
cussiolet, respecting a new n
public instruction in all Fra
tee appointed for this
having presented Ufl
Counsellors of State were c)
preisensive plan of public in
of State, Cuvier, has drawn
to the Minister of the Intel
the defect of our,Legislatior
plan has already been discu
the Council of State ; it has
parts and modified, but ri
point 3."

L.. .
• N.
.
-iiii, - r
...... :A proscribed In this Decree; .ad,* we of eontraysairt them. I mutt, cause for a vigilant ownerocrlon on oar part. MURDER
,staorispiv OF Tille.,.i.AVE TRADE, BY 'l'2ll,lL,'"°)""d* the 'nee in it.
\ THE ElftOP SPAIN. rum my Ilart
obipulure . that thcabove peel" should —The chaace yossneion of Ne.rotatoe's plane could
• • deeemargiuly et • aim, tor its punctual arm. certainilbe sniedim, of if to justify a sato, The ship I/
liN . N 1 com4lobicaleedillo my Ostibcil of the 7„.5: 777 •
NalTlit 'lainf.G. . terflbsiblffv,aZeduritu gr osub,tiand,‘ ands fete et the 22d of can of AatUAIDEIe f dne theft ; buik, whrdwe rifsd in Nint
" Madrid, December, 1817." . lbeiteeillse las past* I deviate caalpalldell say Viceroy', IIipkALLVIAIIiD6II so 4.17 -pressing into his service
?dya on td
18th 4
" The introduction or Negro Slaves into Anierica „Praddiiits, *Amok Coansiandashoid daemon, and .
was one of the first measures which, my preacessors liliten!lants of else Indies, the &dietetic islands the Phihppinet, filf. eclesigners of these plans—when we see him wad. Canton CO ii
ing them, on his own account, on a new mission to mates, sad
dicteteitfor the support and prosperity of those vast this my Decree, re.aadaide, ma cause to be kept, hailed, e“,
On I
regions, soon after their discovery. The impassibility ---,—.—.-. • * very scene of those observations which had re- vessel.
of inclaclas the Indians to engage in different useful HURRICANE IN THE WEST INDIES. commended them to his notice—and when we see aof a Ladroo
-though /lawful labours, arising from their Complete - . character of such high military capacity as YIRMO- five to thirt
ignorance of the conveniences of life, and the cry . TIA RACT OF 'A LITTIIII DAVID ST. imams, MAR, placed . head • .
L017,' at the of this pretended
*mall progvess.they had made in the arts of social TINIQuit, SOVlSstistit 10.. •
existence, . renuired That the working of the mines, On the fist of Octoßer, this colony wa, ,-v_s isitedM bl—
y of Peace to the Persian Court, it does seem to us as if commenced
-___ Wert. was sernerhing eitremelv like such an adoption long knives
