Sl4l E

The opening of the proceedings at Derby we gave'
in our report of yesterday. Tim CHIEF BAlteN pre.
sided,
Mr.Jnsrice
DALLAS
Sit )11 1113 lIS lit Mr. Jut-
lice ABBOTT on his left, and Mr. Justice KAMM)
on Mr. AIMOTT'a left. The Clerk of the Arr.-.igns
was painfully affected by a cold, but lie stand ihr
charge, acrd repeated the usual toi molar expressions
of " Are you guilty or not guilty ?" " How will
you he tried I" and 4. Gun send you a good deli-
verance," with great propriety.
The Grand Jury were called over, the proclama-
, lion against vice and immorality was read, and the
CHiar Batton intimated the resAution of the Court
to prevent the publication of the proceedings till the
whole were finished.

His Lordship oezt asked Mr. Attorney-General
whether he had any information to give to the Court
as to the course he IMAM to adopt ?
ATTORNEY GENERAL said, that since his Lord-
ship had occupied so little time in addressing the
Grand Jury, it might be convenient, and save time,
if as many as possible of the prisoners, or all of them,
were arraigned this evening. If the Counsel for the
prisoners had no objection, he proposed to bring the
prisoners into Court in numbers of 8, 10, or 12. He
did not know what objection his Learned Friends,
whom he understood to be Counsel for all the priso-
' ners ( Mr. Cross and Mr. Dentnati assented) might'
have to state, and he had no wish to call for such
objections prematurely; but if they did not object he
would arraign the prisouers in such numbers as could
be conveniently brought into Court at once.
Mr. Baron RICHAItDR—WouId calling them in and
arraigning them in such numbers save time 1
ATTORNEY GENERAL—Yes, toy Lord, as the in-
dictment must be read over in the hearing of all the
p loners.
Mr. Citoss—My Lord, as I am not aware of any
ptejudico that call arise to the prisoners from being
arraigned in slice numbers as Mr. Attorney may
think proper, I have no objection to offer.
The soitowiag twelve were then brought into Court;
'llamas Bacon, Jerenmah Siandrah (whom we formerly Men•
stoned to have nave. shaved since hit imprisonment, Is suit un-
shaved), Gentge Weightinan, V 4 Marc Turner, Joseph I uruer,
(the Manchester delegate), Isaac Ludlam the elder, Isaac t,124.
Amu the younger, Samuel Ludlam, William Ludlam, bauitiel
Hunt, Edward I tuner, Robert 1 ureter.
I ne I.:cectineet was then read, and all the prisoners
plead d not Gray.
Ali these pi.soners are rather young men, excepting
I Bacon, and Isaac Ludlam the elder, who are old men.
Isaac Ludlam the younger is a very good looking
youth—he stood clog: by the side oaf :kis father
The following twelve were neat brought into Court:
Comics Swathe, John (Minn the elder, John Msckesswick,
John Hill, Joseph Rawson, (aims 'I !wept), Joseph Tophant,
German buzion, Edward Moore, Joseph liudber,ticurge liras
union, William Adams and Witham Hardwick.
The indictment was read to them, and they all
pleaded not Guilty. All these. are young men, and
rather good-looking. Godber is a man el about 50.

The remaining eleven were neat brought up ;
John Wright, Thomas Ensor, Joseph Savage, John Moore,
WWim Weighttarz, Thomas Weiglaman, Joseph Weighunan
the younger, lbomas Benison, Ale:ander Joianoin, John Bacon.
They all pleaded not Guilty. Savage, Moore and
Bacon, are middle-aged men ; the rest are fine-look-
ing young men, particularly Thomas Weightman,
whose countenance is even elegant.
The Arroftaltif GENERAL rose to ask Mr. Cress
whether he intended to make any challenges of the
Jurors ? he did not press the question, but if Mr.
Cross was prepared to answer it, he should consider
it very desirable to know whether there were to be
any challenges ? if any answer was declined, of course
there was an end of the question.
Mr. Cnows—My laPrd, I have only to say that 1 '
am not prepared to say any thing on the subject.
CHM BARON—NO Mr. Cross has expressed him-
self unprepared to say any thing on the point, and
therefore nothing can be said on the subject.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL bowed and sat down.—
The Court then adjourned at fire o'clock, to nine
o'clock to-morrow morning.
The Court was -very much crowded. The Grand
Jury occupied their own gallery, on the right of the
former Crown Court. The seats in the frost of the
Viii Pries Court were occupied by the spectators;
but they are so far back as to render it impossible to
hear what is said, or even to see any persons in the
Court but the Judges. The place appropriated for
the prisoners was quite too small for so many as
were brought into it at once ; but at the trial, it is
thought that more than one or two arc not to be put
to the bar at once. In the course of the arraign-
ment Mr. Henry Hunt, of Bristol, was seen stand-
ing behind the bar, and attracted much observation.

DERBY, THURSDAY, OCTOBER it,
lull'-past Throe, P.M.

The Court met precisely at nine o'clock. The doors
were opened at that hour, and the rush of the etced,'
who had previously assembled in the yard in front of
the ball, was so great, that it took fully a quarter of
an hour to establish order and silence. Mr. Reader
now took his seat with the Counsel we mentioned yes-
terday for the Crown. The list of Jurors, consisting
of the number of 300, were called over; t'63 an
swered to their names. Ot the other 32, most were
excused for age or infirmity ; ten were fined £lo.
This occupied the Court till. half-past ten.
The ATTORNEY-GENERALMy intention is to
proceed to try the prisoner Jeremiah Brandreth first.
The Cities BAnon—Bring up Jeremiah Brandreth
Jeremiah Brandreth, otherwise called John Coke,
otherwise lalled„ the Nottingham Captain, was then
placed at the bar. He appears to be a young mao
of 26. So far as his face could be discerned through
the large bushy black beard that covered the lo,•et
.part of it, and the curled black hair that completely
concealed his forehead, he seemed a very good-look-
' ing man. He was dressed in a sailor's blue jacket,
and a black w.iistcoat, much the worse for wear.
Tvainty-five jurors were peremptorily challenged
foe the prisoner
WM= White, of Idarkkbay, farmer; WHOA," Morley, of

1 ettalleulen, ratmeil Robert heard, of Dafhary. farmer; Wil.
' Hans Salt' of rover dge, farmer; Robert Frost, of Didkids lae-
lute; John firacnelt, or itwall„ E,,i.; Winioaa itoiley, V the
same, farmer; Thomas Mite, if Kitten Lars r; S.muel Ar.
atter, of Holt:ogre', farmer; 'Thomas thh, of Huila' .1, far.
otter; Thome. Ensor, of Marston me.pose, rsc rmr; Walt:tall
Spurrier, of the :atop, fanner; Wm y Sintrtitr, of the sane,
farmer; Mt:hael Go .dad, of M3l Awl Nt..ii•guinery, famer ;
'Flunnae Lown.le,, of :he sante, fanner; Th..mas Web ter, of
Mercastoa, fatmcr; John Bradshaw. of Osloten and *1 hue.
vauon, tanner; Robert bhlirtuti, of :'cropton, farmer; lob
Srt:ton, ut the tame, farm r; Robert :,teepl,. of Aileen far.
nivr; John Aevinihtm, of 1•eay.4.4, t. reiser ; hunt -tathosit,
the yomger, of mostle and rosters', farmer; Paul s'arston, of
the.ame, fainter; William Berestord, of .snel,tort. Geatkrnaus
Soloman Frost, of the same, farmer.
• 'rime jiirtns were challenged for the Cr. wn: Thel•
mug Rob.itham. of Doveridge, farmer ; Tiiiinias 80.
snug 's, of Holland, Gentleman ; William Slopt•so,of
Seroptiaii, fainter. T.A. last juror had been called into
tl.e box, end the . fficer had lead the u.ith to him,
when the Counsel on b th sides objected to Vim.
Mr. Citosi rose to submit to the Court t .at this
challenge must be considered to be on the past of the
Crown, sine:- the juror had not been cliallet..ed by
the prisoner bili.re ti•e uith was begun to he put.
Mr. AT ronN EY GENERAL—I contend that the chal-
lenge must be made before fie oath is begun to be..
repeated ; that Mr. Cross %soli bound to hive made
his challenge in this instance e tiller, and 11.11 there.
fore he must he held to have clisPenged this juis,r.
Mr. Caoss. —The pi ismer has the privtiegt• of S 5
peremptory challenges; but it seas s to be a privilege,
,if he is obliged to exhaust his challenge; before the
Crown is called upon to exercise any challenttes.
ATT,RNEY•GENERAL—Tite prisoner. in my afire.
hension, must first chaff uge, because though the
Cr own can challenge peremp•orily in the first instance,
yet if throe remain Rut a sta:ieut number u joint a,
it is obliged to assign a cause for thr.se challi-nges.
Mr. DeNstax begged aS it matter of favour to be
. allowed to speak upon this point.
Mr. Justice ABCOIT---I .urn sotisfiZ;el that it has been
tht nuiform practice from Itiiiig IVilliam 111. down-
wards, that the prisoner be first calieci on to challenge,
and then the Counsel for me Cr %w it.

Mr. Desmasi.—ll uni•ot in practice be.decisive, I
have nothing to sity but when there is a list of 30G
jurors, the ptivil,:ge a the prisoner beconws a mere
nulluty; if the C.own can get rid of the jor-rss it
may be disp,,sed to challenge through the mednitss
the prisoner. The question cannot trent:cc:4y arises
but it appears ;o RP.? of guest importance. The fair
way in point of principle seems to I.e, that the Crow's
should tike all the eh:ill:Jig:s which it would bir
poi,!(1 to make, and that the pisoner hare his SS
challenges applicable to persons that would olikrwiss
ad-idt;ed. un SUO there can be no ;!anger of then:
' being too few remaining, .o as to ..lilige if'e Crown
Ito recur to its ch Alenges and assign c 411.0 he t lerne
I _

ATeottNcr-thixEnm..—Foorn tha: w!icsir tit
State Trials. though 1 Lase not read tti. nis vt the
purro,e, I chActige my Ltarnrd CrrrnJ, t.. ono
..).t.toec to !NT.'S-I their ;to-turps. Die pt mutt f Cita
challenge i 5 horn m •re c.t!tit..? or any inter soon alt
his mi-id ;he can art.'s...id, • ',lenge A.l number
tor cause. 'lite Crown ins, nu ti&hrt tin fist, t • pc•
remptory s, sincr it .nut ilffi.!ll A rause if
th„ !iv he ext.austed. It the pi c.,ii,e1.41 .41 tur
were admitted, .he c ,se would be, the et, so would

have peremptory challerges ; for having IL t chid-
lenged peienietorily, tile prisoner woes t at et %verde
challenge those ill it rewaileei, and uois the Crowti
w.ellei tie obliged to assign cause he ail its
ges.—The Cent consulted for several minutes, and
then gave their ()patents seriatim.
Chief Baron RICHAKUS. —I am of opinion that the
oath is one and entire, and ought nut to be neerrup-
ted. This viten been preeerly dispene.d with
from comity and tenderness; Gilt, c .tl d ei oi ti de-
cide, I must say that the challenges .ugia to precede
the putting the book into the juries bend. I ant
clearly of opinion, too, that the practice has been
uniformly to call upon the prisoner to challenge fits:,
and then upon the Crown. This, too, es right is
principle.
Mr. Justice DALLMI concurred in opinion. The
of the jurors must be set ved upon the prisoner so ten ly
that he can come fully prepared as to his clieleingos.
Mr, Justice AaIOTT was of the same iesiniost.
Mr. Justice HOLHOYD was of opinion tile; toe rule
of law required that the challeny,es be made before
the oath is begun to be repeated, and that the prisence
challenge before the Croton. It was so determined,
if his recollection was ten wroeg, in Eyr.'s case.
ATTOKNEY-GENBRAL.—I h've now uo tetjeetion to
take the challenge for the Crown.
Mr. Caoss.—l am obliged to the Attorney.Genc-
ral, and I heve to apologize for occupying so much.
of the time of tile Court.
The following Jury were then put into the box :
Wititam Wilkes, of Church lirovAliton, fanner; John Sire..
ton, of the same, tamer; John I ezurest, of Burley, farmer,
Samuel Wildsr, of Ltwati, f.unisr; Tkoinzs Arel.cr,
farmer; Robert auto.., of Osliston and llnurra.itun,• faronr;
Thomas Gi;atim, of the sante, farmer; Thomas Sherwin, of
Roddey, fanner ; Thomas --, of the same, farmer; fin..y
Yates, of Lapperton, tanner; John °alnico, of Yi.a.idey, fare
mer; John Adeett, of the same, !alma.
'L'his preliminary business cecueied the -
half-past twelve. The tatiicttnent agnitist
sontr, Jeremiah Brendietle ve,s then read by
of the Arraigns, and the pleadings opene
Beeeur.
The Lou) Clizre Peteee intimat-el that
to repeat the caution given yesteiday by thi
with regard to the publicetion of 14 pros.
this oeseteien. f.s ab wbe understood de,
no part, either of this or any other trial .1
present indictment, could be published until
uaritily whose
be es,
e
should be brought to a conclusion, withou;
the animadversion
C=curt,
atiseltiissg tae delinquent
it
ce fiance,
would certainly
to punishment.
,hat would be no further necessity
Mg to the subject.
On the suggestion of Mr. Curtis, and edit
conterce of the Counsel on the part GI the
the witnesses on both sides were ordered to
do:ing the Attorney-General's .address,
gistrates, and such prolesbicutal persons as
called to speak merely to natters of Wrist.
The ATTORNLY Gl:Ntlit.4l. then begat,:
fee about an hour and a hell ; his speech
clearer and more energetic than that de
Wetson's trial.
Witnesses were then called at two o'i
first Anthony Martin.
The poverty of the wretched prisoners i
that it is currently reported teat the brie!
prepared to: their Counsel till two days al

nvtn ICA Chill.
NO .it et elArdli
nos the Crown
ail is challen•
I minuteb, and
opinion that the
to be tit:errup-
dN>ettb..d with
1 d .11 o 1
uo, to ptecede
'b
'Winds I atu
settee has been
• challenge fits:,
too. is right in
nepl
on isksi toe risk
be made before
thit the prisimer
so determined,
Eyr.'s ease.
u!.je:;tion t 4 t
Attorney.Gene-
upying so much
into the box
ru.neer; John SiftP.
of Burity, tumor,
Arcl.cr,ot
Iturra.e.ual,• farnict;
'pumas Stienvic, of
me, tanner; Kir.y
3, of YLaveley, fa;..
ied the Court tai
against the pri.
read by the C!vk
opened by ll'.
d that he vrishil
ty by the Conn,
proceedings on
ood clearly, t!Ait
r trial under that
rd until the ahoy
%itht.ut incurring
Nhose authority.
be exercised in '
tent. He trusted
:mil lux advert.
and with tte eon.
GI the Crown, •11
lered to Withdraw
Dress, except Ha.
b4lllll as Vide to bo
Wrist.
be spoke
ipt,cb w.is mach
that delivackl &
two o'elock ; and
;loners is so grinkt
due briefs were no.
day* as*.

1

_ _ - ---- - - -
Salter's childtwO tailed out, es Oh, teell.t, . .
LEGITIMater. ?GLIM - :41
1011/MlNNlNlelmilmigi
EPITAPH
IN SLING CHURCH-YARD, HA.NTS.
~.. 111. E.
Oh, sacred 'twee of ewe-living tight! --....-.-.....
der 1
The Nati I.Pia Conspirators (says the Alfred), have , Bow-mem-Mr. Thomas Habhaitik. of Swan. -
been acquitted, an instance of freedom and indepen- sea, who was robbed on Tuesday night
deuce in a French Jury deserving praise. The State- Vine-street, St. Martin's, of his money,
Plot system does not flourish ;it dies at home, and means of supporting himself while in L
at a house in Fr sne..
„uP $
Salter,tstairs
1 r s
beingto fe
t cmhu the
h terrified,ahe trip 7%,.
Th watchman going hs clout'
havingied
no cry, forced his way into the house, and no
rd: "z.
4 :.17''
'IN
London to par- the watch-house. He was committed for es:. ilit a
I Cambia this weary waad'rer to his eight-- ' trate ere a in the sere.
~. ri • I Bolt labourer• •' A
Strand Bridge Company, was committee te ~`
er ei s_
II Direct him onward to that peaceful awn, withers abroad. These legitimate arts are net very sue the prosecution, was ordered by the Magis -
II Where peril, pain, and death, prevail maser* I propitious; they did well enough forty or fifty year. to apply for relief to the parish officers at St. Anne's,
ID examination en a charge of felony under Ole; ,• '
......--.. ago, but the trap is perceived, and the contrivers de- being the parish where he lodged during his stay •
ing circumstances ;-Mr. Dignum, laitelwe et ~
We understand that Memoirs tithe late RICHARD spited. The situation of Louts is not very agreeable. London. The officers having refused to obey the
t üblic-bouse called the Black BuU, in Amsrie..et.'
Lome Enozwoarn. Esq beguy himself, and to His is not on a bed of roses, and legitimacy is but a order, were summoned to attend yesterday at the P
Union-street, left a silver watch yesstrday mr. i
•
in one of the out houses belonging te his 3
be finished by his daughter, MARIA Enotwonou, comfortless pillow. He seems to merit an happier Office to chew cause; but only the Keeper of the
fate. Unfortunately for himself, he has been persua. Workhouse appeased, who said, that at a meeting of
hr did not discover the loss until an le•u • re teeel; _
will, in the course of the ensuing year, be prepared• r astreter,
for the press. ded not to act with that candour which best becomes the Board of Parish Officers on Wednesday evening,
when he recollected having stet, Gabriel /Liar e
from the same piece about a quitter of an teerste
ner
a monarch. Had he resigned the wild pretensions they had resolved not to give Mr. Habbekuk any
MADAME Ds GENUS' JANE or FaAwo&-Is has
of Ultra-Royalists, and accepted of the crown as the money, hilt were willice to admit him into the work- •
he himself had quitted it. Beker V, tut rotas eo •
•
been justly observed, that there is a peculiar kind of
ge of the French nation, and acted on a compact house. The Magistrate observed, that such an offer
Romance in which the French have always surpassed ment lit the Strand Bridge, to which plate eie Di
made between bim and the French people, his legiti. was ridiculous. Mr. Hebbakuk did not want to be
nuni followed him, and irquired 'I he had hew.*
the writers of other countries; for with the exception
macy (like that of• the English Monarch). would taken into a work-house. He had been robhed of
silver watch (mentioning test place where, 4ett Th.,,Ar
I of the u Recess," we have nothing of this description money to a considerable amount, at a great distance
have been unquestionable. But his refusing to ad.
that deserves to be put in competition with the works from his home, and had no friends in London; and what circumstances, it WAS lost) i?Bolter .. .
~4
here to the charter proposed to him on the part of thethat he had not seen it, nor did he here
‘.;,i
i of our neighbours. The present Tale is one of the
nation-his ludicrous reign of nineteen years-hisgift all that he wanted was a temporary assistance, wen-
t
most be-Awful ani instructive works in this class ofable him, it possible, to trace out the Basilcaeotes of of it. Mr. Dignuni remained firm in Ii•
to twenty-eight millions of his fellow mortals-of
composition ; aed it is impossible to read it Without
lasi,. tights and liberties, will continue to excite assp. which he had been plundered. He should therefore and sent for Whig. the constable, w: 0 a ~,e.
Iti feeling an a whil respect fio the exalted virtues of .issue an order to compel the parish to relieve him.- rival, searched Bolter, and in his lob, ~, ./4iit 1
of ' • in the I ' IC • d fed • t
the
nit resmance
h ,I. *!)t of Louis YI. of France, and
JANE, the - tuk, sr-watch u on it, he friund the one in lasi :n
of the French, which may be injurious to him here. The Workhouse-keeper, with a considerable degree Is q u
(71' wilt of the Duke t,l Orteeems, who succeeded to the
throne, on the demise of his h•othtran-law CHARM after. A greater farce cannot be conceived than for of reluctance, gave Mr. Habbakuk halt•a•crown.
a man-acc-good ' A man was brought to this Office from St. Mar- Y
testing to most accounts, a sort of Rerun:m-0n or about the 27th ot S. *eta*
8
citing man, named Hears Bonaparte Urger, ..iokti
VIII. On the etery of that accomplished woman,. servant with Mr. Kidgell, of West Sitoti fi.,t.o.
•man-who had been in exile nearly twenty-five years, tin's Watch-house, charged with being an ancorri•
f . Madame pa Geeets l•as contrived to raise a delight.
so long estranged from the French nation, so long gible rogue and an impostor, pretending to be sub- sconded with £628, she properly of his m1)137% I
ful structure, enriched with some touching incidents Intermation of the robbery was given to C. ii".
afraid to touch its boundaries, so long debarred teem sect to fits, sad famishing for want. Mr. CoNANT, r
i and characters that AFC strongly drawn and admire•
any connexion with it:' inhabitants, as soon as he was the Sitting Magistrate, strongly, and very properly, Officer of Union Hall, who, iii ne.diately set rata r
bly contrasted; but the prevailing merit of this His-
seated on the throne, which his predecessor described reprobated his diabolical conduct, not only as to his search of the thief, from which hereenrht-J }scot*,
Unice' Novel is that it exhibits the power of moralhaving succeeded in slicing Lim to Paris. 0'.0.T
as a four.legged stool with a velvet covering, as if imposition on the public. but as to the operation of
and religious principle in the subjugation and right the house of the British Ambassador, Goff SAC I
there was some miraculous power in this velvet- his conduct on the humane, in hardening their feel
direction of the passions. ter which bad jest been received from Griot, sit'
covered stool, pretending to bestow rights and liber- ings from relieving real objects, when they heard of
ELOPEMENT AND Duate-On Wednesday morning ties on the people of a mighty empire. such daring and. impudent impostors as he was.- that he had been robbed by an Irishmen whet ha .
Miss S—r, a piing lady highly accomplished, the Such a farce may be acted with all due form and There being no direct proof before the Magistrate of in the same louse with him, who bad broker. ti
• . daughter of a merch int deceased, and who is entitled, ceremony, the performers may be habited in all the his pretended fits, the case was deferred rill proof was his trunk and plundered it of £550, and pra,ing ; 1
under her father's will, to a considerable fortune when gaudy dresses of a Court, grave affectation may at- produced, when the Magistrate expressed his deter- aid of the Police for the recovery of his r. Tql.
she conies of age, quitted her brother's house, with tempt to sanctity, and sly hypocrisy to consecrate it; mination This letter enabled Goff to trace Urger to I: si4 to commit him as a rogue and vagabond. .
trim, where, on inquiry, he found that the did . whom she resided, i sh ihb
es __e ne ge_ourhood of kenning- het the jelly will oe- t-
ein defiance of all attempts, and HATTON Gesteato-Yesterday Joseph Arm:troop
i ton, accompanied by a confidential female servant, gaudy dresses, grave affectation, sly hypocrisy, and alias &afoul Clout, was committed to Netvgate, char. really been plunder.d t but it appeased that la
also been informed of Guff's intended wise, etft.l •
• and, at a few yards distant from her house, was met measured ce.emony, will only make the farce more god by Mr. Parlett, tea-dealer in Newgate-street, with
• by a gallant son of Mars, Capt. Cf-Irs of the Guards, ludicrous. going to his other warehouse, in Fleet Marker, and again absconded. Guff traced him to Mine de G: •
• by whom she was safety seated in a post-chaise and At this period, there does not exist, in the mass of tendering in payment tor tea a see note, purporting and then learned that only a few hoot-shelve., s.
four, when they set off full speed on a matrimonial the people of Europe, any antipathy to monarchical to bee of h
e: Bank of England. Mr. Parlett, being embarked on be4e'd a vessel %hide sailed for Amor
expedition, flattering themselves that all their difficul- government. The most enlightened and zealous presnt, dred him to give his address; which he lisronsitze-ritrer.-J. tatighee was chaiget et
ties wear at an end, and that the high road to happi- friends of liberty, would hail the appearance of limit- Pretended to do, by writing on the back " Samuei 1 stealitip aim` re, the property Elliot. line
into was open's:lore them. Unfortunately for them, ed and legal monarchies on the Continent, as otn. as Clout, V, Red Lion-court, Charterhouse-lane."- Mr. i soeter is of a gang of twelve, who, due .g. i
however, the news of their flight was quickly cons. of happiness; as the precursors of joy, for Kings,. as Parlett followed him until be came to the door, where gre.ter part of la,: summer, kept the atijOillily p
Esunicated to the brother, who, being well aware of well as their subjects. Tho true advocates of freedom, he placed his back; but finding him not inclined te of the counties of Kent and Storey in awe. M.
the attachment, and having obtained information of and of the just rights of Oen, consider the privileges knock, he addressed him, by saying, he believed the ford, who resides at ferige Lodge, had for see • 1
the toed they had taken. lost no time in.commencing of the limited monarch, as advantageous to the people; note just now paid to him was a forgery.' Upon nights tour ie the officers, with himself and •eref
a pursuit, and succeeded in overtaking them at an inn and whilst they would confer on him all aeceuary which the prisoner said he would give him another 4rmed, end they patrolled the disturbed districts; ,
23 miles from town, where they were 'resting in ima- power; they would keep from him all useless and in- for it, if Mr. Paden would go with him to Mr. Ben- the thieves, wet, had their scouts. avoided l: aet
rimy security. The brother succeeded in separating Orions prerogatives; they would place him at the nett, the cooper, of Cow Cross; but net being able to ter a crinsiderable time, till on the night ot the E ,
the lovers, and be inging the lady tra.:k ; bat not till a head of the social compact, as the great Reward of procure another note of Mr. Bennett, the prisoner of August they met the prisoner leading the teats• i
warm altacation and a defiance had passed between the nation, the chief trustee, the supreme magistrate, then found in his own pocket sufficient change, and the mane, and a companion driving her on. 1-;• .
him and the disappointed hero, who wahthedltearded the father (not the mote') of the people; though Mr. Parlett returned him the doubtful note. In a answers to the interrogatories put to them acre c
Abigail, returned to town together. Yesterday morn- the same enlightened advocates view with abhorrence conversation directly afterwards, the cooper called vague, that they were taken into custody at:er, j : II
ing a meeting sock place between the gentlemen. in legitimate despots and unrestrained tyrants. the prisoner by the name of Armstrong; and Mr. Aerate resistance on the part of the prisoner. .. I
the fi Ids at the back of Eenningten Csanmon. when The condition of the French King, in the midst of Perim then finding he had imposed on him with a companion, however, surrendered at disown;
they eocitatigsa shots, and Mr. 6—r received his advisers, some contending fur the restoration of the wrong name as well as address, requested the prior- in a short time knocked down Mr. Gifford' serge
adversary's wall in his right shoulder. We are happy ancient despotism, and others for the press. rvation of his nor to let him again see the note; upon which he and escaped. Hughes, on his examinatiote gArii
to add, the wound is not coteidered dangerous, and chartered constitution, in a degree, resembles that of threw it into his mouth, and proceeded to chew it. a list of the names of eight of them, and since ‘
here the matter rests for the present. 1t514030141. But all 'steel went to Schechem to Mr. Parlett instently grasped him by his throat, and time the vicinage has been free from their liCpfej C
bluenose, Ocri axis 10-=There is nothing talked male REttiMIOASt King, whilst Louts, by virtue of held him until the prisoner voided the note, and hay- tions. He was then remanded, and yesteeJsy 1. .i.
of here at present but our approaching poll election co tain metallic powers, the striking arguments of mo. ing joined the pieces completely together, bad the Elliot came forward and cl..emed the mae, wan ,
of Magistrates. The Sheriff arrived here on Friday narchs,is King of France. The ultra-royalists advise Prisoner committed to take his trial for uttering the was stolen from a paddeck at heckenhiem, in caw
last, and sat in the Town Hall on Saturday and his sacred Majesty, to render the yoke of the nation same, knowing it to be a forgery. quence of whic:i the prisoner was fully curemitte. •
Monday ,to receive the Burgess tickets of those claim- grievous; whilst his true friends say to him, "If thou MARL-SOKOL 011-STSKET.-Harry Fan was charged Wednesday evening, about five o'clt•ck, as li. 1
ing to vote, who were entered on separate rolls, as wilt be a servant unto this people, and wilt serve them with robbing his employer, Mr. Bushnell, a coach- Murmur. a sign painter, residing in Little Comte .
voters for the Guild Councillors, or for delegates from and answer them, and speak good words unto them, maker in o:ford-street, of twelve valuable plate. land-street, was walking along the New road, msti. ,
r.
the incorporations, to elect the Trades Councillors. they will be thy servants for ever." We hope he Will glasses. The prisoner, who escaped from the Retie. la-bonne. he was met by three men, one of whew* i ~
We have three classes of Guild, y here: not listen to the wretched syccpbants, who ask for .the bution hulk, at Sheerness, had been eight months in tempted to trip up his heels, without speaking, bead.
1. 'I boss who have paid the full amount, sad taken the regular return of eliains and slavery, and bigotry, and courtly Mr. Bushnell's employ, and during that time many ed ; he then made a blow at him, which Mr. M %
Bacon oath, consider themselves the wily legal ustildry.
folly and pride, and power without controul, and de-, epredationa had been committed. On Sunday last stops, and knocked the fellow down. The othertu • al
S. 'I ho volunteers who get their tickets mea inducement to‘ ri
them to tenet, are considered In the first chasm honorary mom- structive privileges. and dark basilic:. It he does not he absconded horn his employ, and he was appro. then attacked him, when he grappled with MIC of ;In
bees, and only entitled to the privilege of carryias en rraile.witb. shun these men; if he does not conform to the man. hended. No part of the property has yet been found. and they tell By this time a gentleman's carriage up
- • swabs beneficemondest to their children, or their having say nets of the age ;it he does not bend to the circtim- The prisoner was remanded. peered in sight, when the fellows ran avoss the f.'•
pimidearioa la the 13116, or liberty ti'Alve a 44 vote at dm' r 4 stances of the times; if he does not trek the French as HOIIIIIID M unnen.-Accounts reached this Office 'gent's-park, and effected their escape.. Mr. Moor, e
, a. Navel and Military Officers, and individeah who have either
, ebtahl.aed new minufactures, or who bare In any way ant& they are, not as they were; if he does not convince yesterday of a barbarous murder having been perpe. when he went home, discovered he had lost hit mato. 1,
' bated what has been considered serviceable to tit' community, tor them of his determination to promote their happiness, detest on -Sunday last, on the person of a gentleman, Tuesday night, about twelve o'clock, as a Ger•tie I
' erbieli they were retnuserated witb tbe Burgas and Gualry tickw. he may hear the terrific sounds-" To your tents, 0 leaned Baker. All the particulars collected are that man, residing in Greenfield-street, was walking sirog 1
Those having paid are determined to make a stand, Israel I What portion have we in David j' the murder was committed by two men, not yet taken. Wbitechapel, on his way home, on his passieg by a r
and, if pOh&ble, establish themselves as the only. legal The gossamer pretensions of legitimacy, the first QuistbseuAHL-Tag caw Pailful° Air.-Jain very dark passage, a gang of desperadoes, consieirt
Guildry, and have meMostilised the Sheriff, pointing rude breath will disperse; but the affections of the %wood, of the Willow.walk, Westminster, appeared of eight or -nine fellows, rushed out upon him: sow
out those they deem honorary, to the amount of 100; people would form the surest safeguard of the throne. to answer a summons, charging him with a breach of them held his arms behind him, whilst the ohm
this memorial is signed by 98 iw :hereby of the Gull- •
fhe doctrine of legitimacy possesses ao charms co 1,111 of the new P4Bi2IS Act. W. Goodenough, Inspector rifled his
pockets of every thing of value tiny ri-
ds y. The election t +lces place on Monday first, in tee judgment to sleep, or to difarm the angry passions. ot Nutsances, stated, that he had delivered to the de- tamed, amongst which were a valuable watch s'll
the parish church; the Sheriffs are to be in the psi:- It is tidiculous eiery where.especially inFrance,where feadant, at least six weeks ago, an Abstract of the seals. They got clear off.-The same Etta a Wit h
pit and precentor'e desk; a platform is to be otitis(' tee rounder of the Capetian race was droned to the said Act, in which was pointed out all the particular desperate assault was committed on Mr. GeergeCr• '
equal with it for the clerks, am The voters, by IV throne. Nothing can be trice: absurd, thin that be- nuisances which the Act is intended to remove and cis, residing at the Strong Man public-house, Ere e
. or e 6 at a, time, are to be called-up and sworn, and taus. son.ebody begot somebody. who begot some do away, and the penalties thereon. W. Poulton, of Smithfield, as he wes returning to his ledgiegs &se
then-give in signed lists. The body of the•church to other body, and so sw,t4orefore, somebody has a divine Great Peter-street, Westminster, carpenter, stated, end of Nightingale-lane, a Rang of fellows surranekt
be reserved fns the voters, and the galleries for the jag
earible right to a nation, under all circumstances, that on Thursday, the 9th instant,about lthe him for the of 'L • • but he i
seven n
spectators ; all are, in dm mean time, to be allowed and against the people's willl In these days,children morning, as he was going to attend his business, he they. beat him in a most unmerciful manner, asf '
to vote, but the legality of the votes is not to be de. laugh at such stale tales; the silly trumpeters of such met a servant of the defendant wheeling a large bar- robbed him of his neket•bookwhich p • , contained
Bet a
tided till the conclusion, and the whole election is not noisy nonsense can find no admirers, save those who row, filled with filth and other nuisance '
of F 1 1, and he told aig and notes to the amount of fifteen pounds
expected to be over till Friday. are paid for their lefief This the French Ring should bins he was acting contrary to law. The defendant It is • 11
universe y acknowledged, by the most repta s
Accuse:res.-Tuesday se'nnight, a fine boy, about remember ; nor should he ever forget the confession pleaded ignorance, and begged hard for a mitigation table part of theprofession, that the Medical Bottile
18 months old, was drowned in Gotha's. Glasgow. of his predecessor. ii I have sinned against the jibe- of the penalty. The Magistrate told him his ' of established by -thecelebrated .
el
plea - e Surgeons of Chol •
The childwas left alone by a servant, and, in her ab- rid ideas of the and I i fll "andignorance altogether • age, have aen ; for so was nugatory, after having had Home, Blackings-owed, and Woodstock-siren. es-
sence, fell into a tub of water. sinning, he so deserved to tall. The lesson, which is an Abstract of the Act so long in his possession..... f d
or -street (a few doors from Bond street), are et
Wednesday sennight, as a woman was passing an awful one, should be tograven on the walls of the Defendant was fined sers and costs. fountain head for advice. It is a tact, that, lel
along. the GT4Sliti a. ket. Edinburgh, with a young council chamber of Princes ;it would correct the et- John Garnhata, of Abingdon-street Westminster,united
,talents of these Gentlemen, upwards .
o• a li
child in her arms, a horse bit the child's hand, and lectsof the voice of adulation, and subdue the ' butcher, appeared to answer a
iguo-summons for offend- Thousand Patients have been cured annually GI cb•
severed the first joint of the ring finger from its body. ranee of those, who have yet talents, that the polite- ing against the same Act. William
Goodenough
stinate Diseases; many of whom•had been &Cheri p
leciumes.-Last night an inquest was held at St. cal ills Of nations arise from the foil of overn saw Friday last, the 10th instant,
meats, ,on a large groan- from Hospitals, and hundreds had beets io.prtpoll es
Thomas's Hospital, on the body of Joseph Pope, aged in not kee •
pace withthe knowledgeyg
ping
IS, who met his death by g . bein kicked b a horse. •
y •I be acquittal of the Black Pin conspirators will int. defendant's. slaughter-house, in Horse-and-groom- the profession.-Messrs. Comet Musinot and Co.
It appeared that the deceased was in the act of put- press on the minds of Frenchmen, the utility of good yard, and was then lying on the foot pavement, and are consulteddaily R 9
. 9 hci
ting a bridle on a horse at Mr. Coote's stables, in the laws, by all ranks of people, at ca
and the necessity for their just administration ; the smell of which was very offensive. The defendant th •
their Establishments ; or by letters from the Cue ::t•
mare
Borough, to exercise him, when a belonging to such au acquittal, Ay the law, will add more. stability was fined in the lowestpenalty of iii and
costs. stating their case, when Medicine and Advice ~• }ed ,
?4t. Lewis. of Tooley-street, which was standing at to the throne, than the bonesof a thousand individuals Unicia-HALL. Yesterda
y Jame : Salter was brought to all parts of the Kingdom.--There are iide•CFrl64 IC
livery, kicked him ire the stomach, and be tell. He sacrificed to fear,pride, !
or power . by Holmes, the constable of St.Gforge's, Southwark, each house, and private ro f f l D. 61 'I
a es._ a . 1.
AM conveyed to the Hospital, where he died on Wed-
before the Magistrate, to answer the chargeof Ann Charlotte H - • oins or ern- -- „i ti 1
owe, opposite the Rev. Rowlin 4' 0
nesday night. Verdict- Accideatel Death, with a The Minister of Police of Prussia has issued C. Salter, his sister-in-law,residing P
deodand ot 6E6 on the Horse.-Yesterday an inquest eider Letter directing all • a Ir. _
Police-officers to take the St' George's
-fields, who stated, that she was in con- s- or Woodstock House, near New Beret-are', Id
--..---e---ee-' • i
was held at the Black Horse, Poplar,On the body of strictest care that strolling players,smut danger of her life from violence SmiTHFint.D NIALtKET, ocroaEß IT. it.
F..
smith,,hew as assisting to pot a chest on and the like shall not puppet-showmen,m the of her bro- pe ; Ss 44 to 46 4d 1 Veal 41 01 to St !.1 ~.,
publicly represent any scenes • .
a temper. He had lived with her for five e
board an East lndaman in the Export-dock, fell'
from the Bible On the years, Mutton as ed co 4s 64-1 Perk 4s 64 TO 5, bi ''al
pardon of our Samoa In and was entirely dependent on her for his Mainte- adalta 890-slie
sp and Lambs 6,540-Calves 250 -PI: f 911 44
overboard and was drowned. Verdict-Accidental England it is said truly, that - subject •
ID no from the mince. OnWednesday morning he intimated a de- HAY AND STRAW PER LOAD.
Death.-An inquest was held at the Duke's Head, Bible Sala be brought upon the termination to relative some articles of furniture from Hay ale. o. to £5. M.—Clover £5. Os to II C 6 .t
whiteehapel, on the body of Stephen Self, aged The King of Pausue has for die stage.
- the house for 'll Straw XI 14s. to XS tn.
present aaenned. e purpose of selling them, alleging ' ...
21, who, while painting the foremast of the Princess the sum of 10,000 doll to ehthe - that he had an eqoal claim
ars. pur alle neceasarvwit upon the PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY. :
Mary[, tell on the deck, and received. so much injure, decorations and wardrobe ter the wean Theatre. whole of the' r____• * Bank Stock, S3ll 251 India Stock 145
that be died in the London 'Hospital. Verdict- Count ._
Indts Bonds, 1101OSrn BUHL has ordered the dresses for • a removal, sod be struck herseveral •
,Ageidental Death.-An inquest war held at St. Tho- Mdi I I Once., to be first made, as this • 'out of the house in times, and went 3 per Ct. Cous. 82i es as} Each. Bills (rid.) 29 39 3° tfb 3
Me is gee
elan Hospital, on the body of S. MisCiet carter to up with extraordinary splendour es the Prapissh
an stage, :tight be returned nsuch intosicated. the niece of Mrs. Sr:EQ.lO7f 108 107 i Cons. for Ace. tole; ii
my. pall, of Ethan), who, in going down Loons Pit• and a great variety of wham is required. It is • Sale. Ann. i - r
Lottery Tickets Li 9 106 . .
hill, sear Levisham, with a load of dung, fell, and that some rich 'mist Berlin have offend es cud ter Opened else door, and he ordered her immedi. I' it
,e--...leftha
.
die sesseekrong over his thighs, injured him ***wide the Theatre at their overt expense, hoe eviell she
re.osted Daly to quit the house ;an order with which she HIGH WM=l. TO MORROW Al' LONDON URI!"
. Morning - • • 43 mks. alto P
full .diet be died in St. Thomas's Hospital. Verdict
,press condition, that henceforth no • _Lew la' =lied' -heiog "weasel, *lamed. He then pro- Afternoon . . n
' 28 .. -- ' ....0
aideatall Death
and a deodand on the wile*.
saw
which is diva
against
the KZ.wpiss ba ea- .. . TV stairs fa ifeantic manner. calling out for l''''ee •
lue Ester the tomplaiasesta,
I The eldest of Mrs. LoNDON 4 Friatetrand Published by LIM& NAST, ;slB' 1.1
li
MCC, Igmemeasiv
2111
. •
• , .
. ' a
