WORCESTER BELLS.

In the days of Popery. bells, when consecrated, received the names
If particular Saints; bet. in later times, they have been differ.
ently appropriated. In ST. Hman's CHeacn. at Woacarraa.
there is a set of bells. east in the time of Qualm Amer, which
bear names and inscriptions that record the victories gained
during that reign, as follow :
I. Btaiment.
First Is my note. sad Blenheim Is my maw:
Fur Blenheim's story will be Ant in fame !
Illaaamosa.
Let me relate bow Louis did bosun
ills graadson Philip's Sight from &melon
S. 'Lammas.
Deluged in blood, I, Ramifies. advance
Wimple's glory on the fall of France !
4. lgroni.

Let Menlo on my sides engraves be;
And Flanders freed from Gallic slavery !
S. Team.
When In harmonious peal I roundly p,
Think on Turin, and triumphs on the Po!
6. FAIGSIig.

With joy I hear illustrious Eugene's name ;
Favarite of fortune, and the boast of fame !
7. MA ILUOIROUGH.
But I, for pride, the greater Marlborough bears
Terror of tyrants, and the soul of war!
B. Cbmati Anus.
Tb' immortal praises of Queen Anne I sound,
With union blest, and all these glories crown'd!
The inscriptions on these bells are all dated 1706,except that on
the seventh, which is dated 1712.

SESSIONS FOR THE LIBERTY OF THE TOWEL

The Adj in rped Sittings of the Sessions for the Liberty
and Precinct of the Royalty of the Tower took place
yesterday at the Court House, in Wellclose•square.-
--. WALSH, E.q. acted as the locum tenet.* of Sir D.
WILLIANN the Chairman.
The only case for trial was one which stood over
from the last Session, and which proves another ano-
maly in 0111 legislation, and shows that the accused may
be heavily mulcted. not for his guilt. but his innocence.
It was as follows—John Hasker, one of the beadles
f the precinct, appeated to an indictment preferred
against him last session, on which true bills were found,
bat the hearing of which was postponed fur the present,
charging him with having.. in the month of May last,
beaten and cleansed certain carpets in an open and ex-
posed place on the King's highway, much to the annoy-
ance and disturbance of his Majesty's subjects.
The complaint was preferred by Mr. Hall. residing
in the Circus, Minories. but be not appearing to sub-
stantiate it, the prisoner was of coufse acquitted. D -
rections were given for his discharge but, previous to
'his being liberated. a bill, containing the Mowing items,
was handed to him, under the name of Court fees:—
si Rex a. Hasker. Venue, 12s. 10d. jury and crier, 161.
trial,los.Bd. dra wing recognizances, 2s. Bd. serving notice
of trial, swearing, Bcc. 7s. Bmch warrant, 86.6 d. making,
altogether, 21. 17s. Bd." The defendant, on glancing
his eye over it. sent it up to the Grand Jury, who, after
examining it, forwarded it to the Bench, accompanying
it with some strong observations on the unjustness of
such' a charge upon any person whom a Jury had pro.
monied innocent. If the demand was countenanced
by the law it might perhaps be better for a person to
be guilty than innocent. They hoped, if the Court bad
it in iis power, it would remit those costs.
The CHAIRMAN replied, that no discretion was vested
fa it t the law Was explicit, and its duty was to adminis.
'ter it as it found it.
A desultory conversation took place. which termi•
sated in the Petty Jury appropriating the fees they were
entitled to, in part of the discharge of the defendant's
fees:—This investigation being the only business before
the Court, it, on its termination. adjourned.
