CALEDONIAN MERCURY, MARCH 7.

The announcement of the Ministerial plan of Reform has been re.
oeived in the Metropolis, and throughout the country at large, with
but one expression of feeling—that of enthusiastic joy and delight,
united with gratitude to that bold and upright Ministry, with the noble
originator of the plan at its head, and to our most patriotic, liberal, and
generous Monarch, who has crowned it with his sanction and apptobs.
tion. In this place, scarcely had our pen given utterance to the re.
commendation of the plan, when its adoption was announced by the
Merchant Company and the Incorporation of Hatters, both of which
meet this day, the first at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and the latter at
half-past six this evening. A public meeting of the Citizens at large,
is also summoned for Wednesday. Leith also meets this day.
The theological students in Aberdeen propose drawing up a petition
to both Houses of Parliament, praying that in the measures about to be
introduced regarding Reform, the gradnates of Scottish Universities,
and members of the learned professions generally, may not be over-
looked.
SOCIETY FOR THE SUPPRESSION Or PUBLIC BEGGING.—The
Directors of this excellent institution have just published their fifteenth
annual Report. The subscriptions of last year did not exceed 2001.
while the expenditure was 3531. 13s. 4d ; and the amount at peasant
on hand is only 823 L Bs. 7d. During the year, 920 articles of cloth-1
ing have been distributed.
A second view of the Exhibition has confirmed the impressions left
on our minds by the first. On the whole, there is this year a great im-
provement. More care and judgment has been bestowed in the selection
of pictures for exhibition • there are many fewer specimens of the tea.
tray and sign-board schools, with a corresponding addition to the num-
ber of pleasing at least, if not very powerful, pictures. One admirable,
and more than one respectable, specimen of historical painting have this
year been furnished by our native artists.
The following plan, by the Right Hun. Sir Joila Sinclair, Bart. for
convening " The entire Potatoe" into meal, has been Ibund completely
to answer. The potatoe must first be thoroughly steamed or boiled,
but steaming is preferable. They must be prepared with the skin on,
that less liquid may be imbibed; but after being steamed or boiled, the
skin must be taken off by the hand. When thus prepared, the potatoes
must be put, as soon as possible after they are skinned, (to prevent de.
composition,) into a stove, heated to about 100 degrees, in rows, quite
separate from each other, on plates of tin, or on canvas, but not on brick
or stone. They must remaini in the stove for about twenty-four hours,
and then be put into a grating machine to be reduced into powder, for
lumps do not grind easily when dried. If they do not seem to be
thoroughly prepared as meal, they must, after being grated, be replaced
in the stove, and kept there, until they are reduced into a state of dried
powder. These operations are not to be compared to the trouble and
expense attending the conversion of wheat into flour.
The Courier of Thursday produced an alarm here by a wand edition
foolishly eDough beaded " Rebellion in Ireland."
A carrier's dog, belonging to Perth, was some time ago buried be-
neath a quantity of straw in a stable loft, where he remained fourteen
and a half days without meat or drink ; and yet when he was extricated,
he possessed so much strength as to leap with joy over the heads of the
by-standers!
A correspondent furnishes us with the following particular relative
to a hedge-hog:—" I got it last May. I put hint into a bake-house,
and never troubled myself about feeding him. He came out at eight
o'clock at night every night, picked up what he could get to eat, and
retired every morning regularly to his den (a place of his own making),
about six o'clock. He continued to do this till last November, when
he never came out, but appeared to be quite dead. As the body did
not seem to decay, I allowed it to lie.--when, to our astonishment, out
be came the other day as lively as ever. I weighed him when 1 got
bim, as he appeared large, and found him to be 41b. I find now be is
only
BERWICK, COIN MARKET, MARCH 3.—There were very few sam-
ples of any kind of grain shown here to-day ; for wheat and oats the
sale was heavy, and each is per quarter lower Barley in fair demand,
and 6d to Is per quarter down. Wheat 58s to 82s ; fine, 63 to 64s per
quarter. Barley 34s to 351; fine, 36s to 37. Oats, Potato, 28s 6d to
30s ; fine. Ditto Angus, 264 to 27s ; hue, Brans, 40s to
41s._ Pease, 39s to 42: _ _ _ _ _ • _

MARH/ED.—Robert Her, Esq. late of Grenada, to
daughter of Jame Ure, Esq.—At Irvine, James Mack, Esq.
of the Customs, to Elizabeth, daughter of Mr. Andrew Cunnik.
—At Leith, Captain John Eyre, of the royal artillery .-: ors,
daughter of Wm. Goddard, LK- _ ' -,•t.
DIED.—At Greenock, Di. Andrew Hill.—At -. lKat-
hrine Bannerman, relict of James Bannerman. Rsq.— ,
7. .. Stuart,
relict of the late Captain Archd. Stuart, of Ayr—ln : ..-_, - can,
Macleod, widow of the late Reverend Dr. Mad -- •"' - pal
of King's College.
GLASGOW FREE PRESS, MARC II 5.
The late decision of the Lord Chancellor, by which purchasers of
grain,'.otherwise than in bulk in open market, are liable to repetition of
the price to the landlord if the farmers' rent is unpaid, has very natu-
rally excited the attention of corn dealers. Glasgow is peculiarly si-
tuated in this respect, as it has neither a Dora sample market. The
authorities, however, now that the stat *raters forces it upon them,
are beginning to turn their attention to %Object. The p r place
would be in the Cattle Market, but Dr. has another . He
proposes "to throw the whole north- burying
d
into one
grand vaulted Cemetery, similar to, but OD &much largie We than the
Crypt of St, David's Church, the spandrils or upper aide of tie peed
*relies to be paved, and the area or square thus limed is be aced far
public purposes. The paved square will be 306 Act keg and 207 feet
wide, containing upwards of 7,000 yards of ground, a spice Urger
by one-third than St. Enoch's Square. He proposes to form a row
of small shops close by the walls, which will reduce the square to
about 6,000 yards, in the centre of which a Rotunda will be erected for
a stock corn market with a sample gallery. The rotunda to have a co-
lonnade on its exterior for the sale of small articles which are now ez-
in, or hawked about, the streets, to the annoyance of the shop-
re:Pees and the other inhabitants. As the shops will be only one story
high, with the exception of the centre compartment of one of the sides
of the square, to be used for a bazaar, as after mentioned, the light and
air will not be injured. By this arrangement, a considerable inter-
mediate space will be reserved for ulterior purposes. Carriage entries
to the square will be formed from George-street and North Albion-
street with gentle acclivities, and foot entries from Ingram.strect and
Montrose-street by a flight of easy steps.
We have been most agreeably disappointed. We expected little from
the present ministry, and have obtained much. Their measure of Re-
form is, under all the circumstances, more liberal and manly than the
public had almost any cause to anticipate ; and it therefore will be
hailed by every real friend to his country and to public order, with
sincere delight.
As a proof of the immense anxiety felt here on Thursday to ascertain
the nature of the Ministerial measure of Reform, we may mention that,
at the time tire mail arrived, the New Exchange wu crowded with
above :100 gentlemen ; and when it was learned by them that Glasgow
was to have two members, an enthusiastic shout spontaneously burst
from them all, indicative of their high satisfaction at that particular
fact—and indeed at the details of the measure generally.
A letter, dated St. John's, Newfoundland, 11th January, states, that
a most destructive fire had happened there on that day, at four o'closit
in the morning. It commenced in Mr. Perkins house, at the corned
Water-carat, and Church-hill-street. In a few hours it had communi-
cated to a large block of buildings adjoining, forming a square, bounded
by Water-street. Church-hill, Duckworth.street, and a lane. In a few
hours all was consumed.
The Grenada Gassene quotes from our paper the petition which, in
November last, went from this town so numerously and respectably
signed, praying for gradual abolition of slavery, and compensation to
the colonists; and in the same sheet are some striking comparisons be-

Cunninghasil-41

tween the conditions of the slaves In those colonies, and that of the
now miserably-reduced free labourers in this country—one of which com.
l:I:1s, as it may not be without its use, we shall here copy. The foi-
;72re the cases cited relative to this country :—They are copied
from the Bury and Sofro& Chronicle :
"Charles Herbert, (committed by the Rev. W. Perlin), convicted of
refusing to go round the parish a Bury St. Mary in search of work,
and of being insolent to the parish officers when offered relief, to be
imprisoned twenty-one days.
" William Spalding, (by the Right Honourable George toed Cal-
thorpe, and the Rev. R. Havers), convicted of being a person able
in part to maintain his family by work, and having wilfully refused
so to do, whereby they are become chargeable to Ruby, to be impri-
soned fourteen days.
" John Potter, (by J. P. Case, Esq.) convicted of absenting himself
from the service of Ephraim Hobbs, of Bury ; to be imprisoned one
month and corrected."

(517tieieiiiiritiitcases of arbitrary coercion, the Grenada Gazette
says, " If our enemies defend the necessity and justice of the punish.
meatof William Spalding by Lord Calthorpe, or refusing to work;
what, in the name of humanity, can they urge to defend the callous
apathy they evince at the shameful announcement in the public papers
of a " Free-born Englishman" (John Potter) being sentenced to one
month's imprisonment and corrected, for refusing to work for a particu-
lar person ? or, in other words, for claiming the right to choose his own
mister ! !—Shame !
HOUSES IN SCOTLAND,
AssasszD AT AN AND UPWARDS, AND AT EIGHT WINDOWS

MID UPWARDS..

Counties. From 101. Above
to 301. WI.
Aberdeen 1585 177
Argyll 388 131
Ayr 1118 90
Banff 225 9
Berwick 310 191
Bute 173 8
Caithness 189 2
Clackmannan 203 7
Cromarty 22 0
Dumbarton 394 25
Dumfries 851 43
Edinburgh 8128 3700
Elgin 262 21
Fife 1117 92
Forfar 1587 139
Haddington 266 29
Inverness 395 49
Kincardine 111 13
Kinross 48 3
Kirkcudbright 349 10
Lanark 6319 1248
Linlithgow 215 21
Nairn 43 31
Orkney 69 0
Peebles 1117 17
Perth 1204 170
Renfrew 1971 1431
Ross 193 11
Roxburgh 473 24
Selkirk 32 4
Stirling 758 80
Sutherland 32 1
Wigton 249 17
Shetland 93 0

No. of Houses Amount of
Assessed. Rental.
ZlO 17,915 A 208,093
16 7,121 131,380
21 4,481 116,927
31 2,339 86,648
41 1,350 62,313
61 703 40,151
61 440 29,428
71 403 30,957
81 313 26,815
91 , 234 22,790
101 106 11,075
111 247 31,315
151 31 5,290
201 17 4,222
301 7 1,900
400 2 1,470

T0ta1...315,702 800,714

Number of Houses Assessed at
eight Windows and upwards.
B 8 to 810 .. 11,271
--- 15 6,214

•-•• 20 ... 2,590
- 25 .. • 1,242
:,=.•• 30 ... 011
-- 40 GOO

60 .. 241
75 .. 246
100 ... 115
Above 100 ... 88

Total ..... 23,318

T0ta1.... 29,617 6185_,
GLASGOW GRAIN MARLEY AIARCR 2.—The Market firm for all
descriptions of grain, at the prices of last week.—Wheat, British old,
per 240 lbs. 36s to 38a ; Ditto, new, 30s to 34. ; Oats, Irish, per 264
lbs. 23s 6d to 255; British, ditto, 24s to 265; Barley, Scotish. per
320 lbs. 30s toils ; Beans, English, per 260 lbs. 23s to 255; Scotia's,
ditto; 23s to 255; Pease English, per 260 lbs. 241 to 25s ; Oatmeal.
a boll of 1401bs. 20s to its ; Flour. a sack of 2301b5. 54s to 575.
MARRIED,—T. Chalmers, jun. to Catherine Wilkie, eldest
daughter of J. Govan Esq. Glasgow.
DIED.—Mr. W. Govan,
well known m the judicious and able
Editor of an Edition of Dr. Johnson's Dictionary.
Mr. SEYMOUR, on the second count of the indict-
ment against him, has been acquitted at Salisbury. He
had the benefit of a moat eloquent defence by Sergeant
Wilde.

The compensation to the commissioners of bankrupts is,
of course, only to be in proportion to the time they have held
office, i. e. two hundred pounds above ten years, and one
hundred and fifty pounds for less.
Mr. P. M. ST EW ART has announced himself as candidate
for Lancaster.

Mr. VAN HoMRICH, late M.P. for Drogheda, died sod-
denly in the news room of that town on Saturday last.
No less than twenty-four of the disfranchised boroughs
are in the patronage of the whig aristocracy.
The housekeepers of London find it very difficult to rea-
lize the diminished duty on coals. It is wonderful that no
public spirited dealer advertizes coals with the full abate-
ment.

The shipping and colonial interests fraternize in a splendid
dinner, on Saturday, for which the names of 112 stewards
are appointed.
The Coinage of William the Fourth will be completed in
a few weeks. It embraces a range from the five pound gold
piece, to the quarter farthing. New sovereigns will appear
next week.

A sensible pamphleteer calls it political suicide to return
to cash payments without a reduction of taxes to an amount
equivalent to the rise of the value of money, as well as an
immense reduction of the national expenditure. The pres-
sure of Taxation, he observes, is now as high as during the
most expensive period of the war ; and nothing enabled the
likOrfr and manufacturer to bear the very heavy pressure of
talotiton during She war, but a paper currency, and nothing
'rheeXpense otlifloWar, or the national debt, is the re-
mote, and Peel's WI; 'is the pr oximate cause of the present
public distress ; while the censequences have been not a little
aggravated by the experiments in free trade, the repeal of
the navigation laws, &c.
The currency must be enlarged to the extent of our bur-
thens, or the taxation must be reduced to the level of our
currency. Perhaps we must wait for a reformed parliament
to adopt one of these alternatives. The present men seem to
be infatuated, and to have accelerated their own political
destruction by passing Peel's Bill, and neglected to provide
an alternative !

Shopkeepers who never can see beyond their counters at
present, ascribe the stagnation of all business to the counter-
irritation about the Reform question. Sometimes they as-
cribe it to the weather—sometimes to " deadness of trade"
—to people being out of town—in short to any thing rather
than the true cause—Peel's Bill !

A Dublin philosopher announces that a small vial, filled
with mercury, and held in the hand, cures acute rheu-
matism and rheumatic gout : and the same in the lower
limbs, if tied to the soles of the feet on going to bed. He
considers it also a specific for cramp.
The City has established a day police, in costume like that
of the suburbs, but under its own control, and therefore sub-
ject to no jealousy.
A dinner has been given to the Poles in London, at
which Sir Francis Burdett was announced as Chairman, but
be preferred attending the debate in the Commons, though
be did not speak as was expected. Mr. Hobbouse was in
the Chair, and Count La Borde, from Paris, M. Behr, from
Belgium, and the Marquis Wielopoleki, from Poland, were
present, besides Mr. Hume, Mr. O'Connell, Mr. Wilke, and
other British Liberals. Some excellent toasts were drank,
and some speeches made in aid of the Polish and Italian
Patriots.

Messrs. SAMSOX and Co. were an old and highly re-
spectable firm. The stoppage was only for £85,000, and
they are prepared speedily to pay 10s. in the pound. Other
recent commercial failures are of far greater magnitude.
A contemporary, in his over-seal to outstrip time, us, and
every body, brought forth, it seems, in a state of imperfec-
tion like Esop's blind puppies. Among other mistakes -he
omitted Greenock, and a meeting of the Bailiff and Junta
was the consequence,but the opportune arrival of the Errs a
dispelled their alarm, and chagrin was converted, into
rapturous public rejoicings.

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE
HOME CIRCUIT.—CRELsbroan Mama 10.

BURGLAILT •wn ATT,MPT TO MUIZIE. Witlianiloe, a dts
perste looking ruffian, was capitally indicted for having burglariouslt
entered an outhouse within the outline of the dwelling-house of Ali.
G. Buckstone. Another count charged him with having, in eomp,,
with two others, inflicted divers wounds with a cleaver on the head or
Mr. Buckstone. _ _ _

The charge was clearly proved, and the Jury found a verdict
Guilty.
Judge BAYLEY, in passing sentence of death on the prisoner, ex
honed the culprit to employ the few brief hours he had to live i:
asking that mercy from Aratrourir GOD which on earth he had dl.
vied to man.

SALISBURY, natal 9.
ARSON.—Henry Wilkins ifas indicted for having set fire to, and
burnt down, a cottage or dwelling.bouse, the property of Wm.Peashyn
at Ludgershall, in this county, on the 20th of November lass.
The examination of the prisoner before the Magistrates was pssv‘d
and read, wherein he confessed that he was present when the COll3/..
was set on fire, and that he had taken the iron bar into the house, but
which was not used.

The prisoner in his defence protested his innocence of the chug,
brought against him, and declared that the witnesses had sworn falsely
He received a very good character from a person named Batchelor, xho
had known him from his infancy.

The Learned JODGZ having summed up, the Jury returned a vet.
diet of Guilty.
Soon after the conclusion of the trial, his Lordship having put ou
his black cap, proceeded to comment upon the enormity of the °Ff ixt.
of which the prisoner had been proved guilty, and concluded an im.
pressive and eloquent address by passing the awful sentence of death
upon the prisoner, and cautioned him not to entertain any hope of coney
on this side the grave, for it certainly would not be extended to him.
His Lordship, during the delivery of his address, was visibly affected
LANCASTER, MARCH 7.
&Hanel Mahlon was indicted for the manslaughter of his wife, at
Manchester, on the 17th of December last. From the evidence of a
surgeon, it appeared that the deceased died from a rupture of an artery,
and that the rupture of that particular artery might have been Deco.stoned by a fall against any hard substance—The prisoner was ac.
quitted.
Samuel Haiku was convicted at the same Anises of the mar.
slaughter of Robert Willin, of Great Bolton. It appeared that th.
prisoner and the deceased worked in a bed-quilt factory, and that the
prisoner, whilst intoxicated, was so provoked by the taunts of the de.
ceased, that he beat and kicked him in several parts of the: body, and
thereby caused his death.—The prisoner was sentenced to three month;
imprisonment.

WORCESTER, MARSH 7.
T. Slaughter, aged 18, has been found guilty of setting fire to a
wheat rick, of the value of 1001. the property of Rebecca Tonilinsoo,
to whom the prisoner was a servant. The prisoner had trade a code%
lion of his guilt. He was sentenced to be hanged.

POLICE IMPORTS.
Mr. Bouafield, of Chatham-place, solicitor, was charged with assault.
ing Mr. Thomas Marshall, of the Old Bailey. The complainant
stated, that on Friday last he called on Mr. Bonifield to pay him some
rent, and at the same time required an explanation relative to a notice
to repair certain dilapidation., with which he had been served. Mr.
Bou.field, however, would not give the required explanation, and said u
complainant did not abide by the notice, the necessary steps to compel
him would be resorted to. Complainant replied, if he were compelled
to repair, he should consider it a robbery. Mr. Bousfield said,
if he used such words again, he would knock his head off his shoulders.
Complainant observed, he must not do that, and repeated, that he con.
sidered the compelling him to repair a robbery. Mr. Bonifield instantly
seized him by the collar, shook him, and ordered a clerk to bundle him
into the street, and issue a writ against him. Complainant then ten.
dared a check in payment for the rent, and within an hour after he vas
served with a copy of a writ.
Mr. Bout& d said, that when the complainant came to his house h,
behaved in a very hostile manner, and used language which justifiol
his ordering him to be turned out of the house.
The MKisuates said, they were of opinion that the assault was jut.
tigabic, and dismissed the case.

MABLOOROUGIPBTEEET.—ROBBEBY AT THE DIAWING-ROON.
—As the Magistrates were about to retire between three and four yester.
day, Sir W. Alexander, late Chief Baron, gave information of a robbery
which had been a few minutes before committed on him. As he was
walking in the vicinity of St. James's he became hustled in the crowd,
and immediately afterwards discovered that his gold watch and appen.
dirges had been stolen, and also that a pouch, containing some bore.
reigns, had been abstracted from his pocket, but the thieves had had the
kindness to leave the gentleman some loose silver. His suspicions tell
upon two individuals, whom he described, and as Mr. Thomas, the Su.
perintendent of Police, was in the office, information was given to him,
in order that if the property should be taken to Bow-street, information
should be given to Sir William.
ROBBERY AT Ildzssas. Mecum AND Daarxnases..—The pri-
soners in this ease were yesterday again brought up foe re-examination
before F. A. Ron, Esq. The examination was conducted in the pd.
Tate room, and from the courtesy of the Magistrate the Reporters were
admitted : but as very little evidence was given, and the publication of
that would frustrate the ends of public justice, we reserve it for the
reexamination which is appointed for next Thursday, and the prisoners
were remanded.

GAYNOR AND NEAT..—The whole of the stakes for this fight, which
is to come off within a hundred miles of London, was made good last
night, at Tom Gaynor's, Duke'a.court, Bow-street, after a Waling dia.
ner. Little betting took place, both parties wanting odds ; but neither
inclined to take the lead. Gaynor looked extremely well, and was for.
tunate enough to win the toss, which entitled him to name the place of
meeting. After this Event—considered a " lucky omen" for Gaynor—
he set out for his training ground at Staines, intimating that on Monday
next, at his crib," the proper " office" as to " the where" might be
obtained.

JED WARD AND SIMON BYRNE.—After the previous match had
been disposed of, ten pounds a-aide were put down to make the long.
expected match between these men, to decide who shall be the Cham.
pion of England? The mill to be for 2001. a-side, and 251. aside to be
made good, and articles signed, at Tom Spring's.
PIGEON Mayett.—A sporting pigeon match between Tom Spring
and Tom Cannon, and two amateurs, at eleven birds each, was made at
the conclusion of the evening, to come off at the New Inn, Staines, for
twenty pounds. As this Is close to Gaynor's training quarters, a otrong
muster of the fancy is anticipated.
Al CEDE R.

Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Wednesday it was dittemercd
that an aged female, named Elizabeth Malcolm, who for several years
kept a small broker's shop at the corner of Elisabeth-street and North.
street, Dog-row, Bethnal-green, had been murdered in her own house,
About the time above-mentioned one of her sons was Fusing the
house, in company with a man of the name of Morey, and being,
as he says, surprised at seeing the doors and windows closed, he
forced his way into the house, when the unfortunate woman was
found dead, with her skull fractured in many places, and her person
and the floor about her covered with blood. She was partly sus.
pended by a piece of jack line from the latch of the door, which
led from the kitchen to a small yard attached to the house. On
examining the rooms up stairs, all the drawers, presses, and co-
boards were found to be ransacked and stripped of their property. Their
were also two beds, the one which the deceased lay on, and another.
taken away, together with the bedclothes, and various other articles of
property. The last time she was seen alive was on Monday afternoon.
and, from the circumstances of the house being closed during the whole
of Tuesday, in the same manner as it was on Wednesday morning,
there is little doubt but that the milder was perpetrated on Monday
night. In consequence of some suspicions being entertained against
the son he has been taken into custody, together with a porter of the
name of Clarke, who was in the employment of the deceased. The
deceased had no inmate in her house.

Two men and a female have been taken up on suspicion of being
concerned in the murder of the old woman at Bethnal-green, and un.
derwent an examination at Lambeth-street Police-office.
