VOVV.t. Aralll. sc

and France if nor
continually !R' %
persons belonging t,•
sited Calais is Mac-
te greatest politeoest.
Won is sbewn ti em.
ads this evening, and
Ileetor of the Costnnes
belonging to Calais.
F Frances rosi:Office
ke round from lint-
pecteds and it 4 con-
France will be dis.
y next."

sing in France, is si
ample of the extreme
.ieolarly of what are

The most prolound
very short way into
ictinn : every revolu-

of another.

icial parliaments was
was, a substantial Un-
nini stration justice.
i.iments kit in Boor.
;ties, at degree of die_
tibuted very much to
t.

)CIOUS MKT tTAMpiled
Europe, and moved
ry th;ng seemed to go
t himself the king of
e power, and strength,
tscribed to the fertilier
sexanpled activity of
rev- calculated or roads
Irobably or ro.silly be
r-.-he blindly labaured

cause and ha country:

•••... i•••••=•m•••

man, henceicnth, must
otiosity to philosophi-
as h;s public career
n. Into what will the
tely settle ? Will he,
tender, Charles Stuart,
laud, in 174.6, emit*,
citation ? Will he, like
ell, after the fall and
Seats, grow mad t Or
,robability is, that ha
e furious, and commit
ge, as will sublect him
ntfinement.
oat such a hcalpt of
us dependence on the
AN DEATH would hare
. But Bonaparte, by
Ibis army, for his own
:ttl the world, that he
Roman heroism—but
Italian.
ght that if Bonaparte
,ha, he will go abeut
.ying to excite a code-
Lannihal, after the ruin
did against the Ito.
any Court where he
a favourable reception
nes Madison, in fum-
ed Mahomedanism in
on on the protection of

on the Continent pro;
try nations of Europe.
have obtained much
t great expense ; bnt ip
utnd political wisdom
e. On this subject we
recollection of State!.
1 most fatal bluhders
[llion during the late
y anti.revolutionory.--
iples, they'obliterated a
loin from the map of
sat the partition of Po-
which the French anar-
ms respecting the ame.
aging them with France,
egeneratiori be done by
if probity, the same spi•
the same magnaisi -
ho other Kingdoms and
enced by the people of
moults was' have becn
ng rite proktrete nations
c' slavery, and who have
is, which, flowing from
le, cannot but pent r to
ble sensistions; let twin,
to the world at largt.,
lawless ambition winch
d *0 trance is banished

. •
ikaiely from their own councils, and mintlnd will hail
the event as the precursor of those happy days in whict
Nation: :kJ no more leant the art of war. Restore Po-
' land to the rank of stations, and you annihilate for
ever the antisocial revolutionary mania which has
been productive of so many miseries. This one act
will give you more solid power than the retention of
territories so obtained, were they ten times more rich
and extended than they actually are.
But in granting this boon to the glorious cause Of
national independence, let it be so bestowed that the
seeds of dissention may not germinate with the new
Pdifiee. Let the Monarchy be Made hereditary—not
elective. If this principle be adapted, we hesitate not
to say that Poland would prove one of the best props
of the great European family—one of the best safe.
guardi of the neighbouring nations.
To lay the foundation deep and tatrong, the first
Monarch of the restored Kingdom should be elected
by the Nation itself, without any foreign interference,
and without any limitation as to choice; except,
perhaps, that no innnediate connexion of Russia,
Austria, or Prussia, should be eligible. The rea-
sous which *hada &awe this exception 21e so ob-
vious, that we need not even hint at them.
In one word, let Poland be restored ; and let Ame-
rica, for her own sake, and for the sake of the wcild

at Limy ha tadght to respect those principles against
which also has been warring. in her idolatry to that
ilfokch whose altars have been so happily cy4rtlirowir
in Europe--. Let these be done, and the world may
promise itself a long repose.

In another page we have given the names of tl►,6
several Members of the Dutch Government. As yet,

diey, are scarcely known in this cumin y ; but we fee!

persuaded that the Sovereign of Flulland has chosen
none but persons 'deserving the esteem of his illustrious
Mose, and of the Dutch nation. At the head of the
Council of State we find the leader of the Revolution,

Cosunt HooaNntnP, late Minister fur Foreign Affairs ;

4, Thaq .of eminent powers; atid who baG already laid

the strongest claims to public confidence. Among
the Membeis of the Council, w•e also observe Mr. C.

P. OEMs, a Arian than wbcm none could hive been
found more fluid lot his high 'dation, employed even

previously to the Revolution, in active and hazard.
ous iervices Far his Sovereign and the British Govern•

lnent, and known for his attachment to the good

Among the reports of the day theie is ode which
*re trust Will be confirmed. It is said that transports

ate ordered to be imtuedtitely collected at Bourdeaut

to convey ?,0,000 troops across' the Atlantic to Ame:,
rka. We repeat that we sincerely Lope this tepori
is well founded, for 'nothing is Wanting lb set the
Seal to the Pacification of the World, but the selret*
ehastibetnent of the Transtiantic hest of Atheitti
sad Felons) tvlio-LiVe nsuttetr fee •GlirerinnentUf
the United Stater, and plunged the inhabitants into

- -
a most tinyist, tfunecesiatp, and tinnetkiral wat.
Now that the high Priest of JacoLinism has bead'
kicked out id' Europe, it is time that the illiterate
expounder bf the law of nations td the Athericads,
Mr. James fdainsoN, should be attacked with the
same weapons which consigned his fellow Jurist to.
everlasting infamy. Let Great Britain and her
Allies now declare themselves boldly—why tempo-
rize with such reptiles as those which crawl around

the feet of Mittnso N The great majority of the pop-

lotion of the United StatCs detest the abominable
faction which has seated itself in the chair of the im-
mortal WASIIINGTON.
Those who adtocated the war with a view to plun-
der have shot their bolts long ago, and most of their
armed vessels have found their way to British poets.

Those who voted for the ivar from a mistaken con.
viction that the cause was just (and their numberi
wee very few) must now Ste that they haVe over-
rated the means which' the Government possetsed-of
enforcing their claims 1 they have seen army after
after annihilated, (to use BONAPARTE'S favourite ex_
pression) in Canada, and they have seen the " bit of
striped bunting" almost swept from the ocean. There
is, in fact, no war faction rniw in America, with the
exception of a handful of unprincipled, illArate, and
ferocious adventure's, who suiround the person of
MAnzsox in America.
Against these wretches, therefore, all the thunders
of war and all the vehemence of diplomacy ought to
be levelled the eyes of the American people ought
to be opened by a manifesto from the other Powers
of Europe—they ovght to be furnished with a power-
ful army to separate the clean from the unclean—the
Eastern and Northern States will most gladly avail
.hemselves of an opportunity to declare against the
permanency of any Constitution which can admit
..lch men as Manrsom into the office of Chief Magis-
trate, and most .triumphantly will they open their
.:its once more to our commerce.
All our Readers may not be aware, but it is never-
11;eless an incontestible fact, that the number of votes
to: President in each State, is regulated by the popula-
tiun, and not by property. Thus in the States of Vit.i
ginia, where slavery still prevails in all its horrors !
the electors arc slave-mongers, men at all times of
ro education, of irregular habits, and most aban-
,!oned principles. The smaller, or Eastern States,
".:bete religion, morality, and good 'order prevail to
An extent not excelled in any country in Europe,
Lave little or no influence in the election of the Pre-
idtut. Ab Chribtiam we do not wish to me them make
•

• .. • •
a direct appeal fo ardisagailast their felleiz clarion to
get rid of their common Tyrant, but most assuredly
they have a tight to invite the assistance of power,
with whom they are dejure at war, to assist them in
shaking off their fetters. The Bunke of America,
ristiEtt Age's, thus feelingly describei the thral-
dom in which the enlightened part of America ii held:
The small States are in vassalage they obey
the nod of Virginia. The Constitution sleeps with
WASIIINGTON, haVing iiti motrrners but hie
and no monument but history. Our vote and in-
fluence (those of the Eastern States) avail no more
than that of the Isle of Man in the of Great
Britain."

Et. Let us, therefore, emancipate America—it can only
ra done by raising once more the war-cry—PEACE
WITH AmEatc.t—Down with MADISON and ALL NIS
A S

SECOND EDITION.

130NAPARTE SENT OFF, &c. ect. &c.

STAR-OFFICE, THREE O'CLOCK.

M. PERIGORD has arrived from Paris with dis-
patthes for Louts XVIII. His Royal Highness Mon-
giant Comte d'AnTota has entered Paris and taken up
his residence in the Thuilleries. He was immediately
waited upon by ail 13JNAvArtva's Marshals and Ge-
nerals. cAMANCOURT is banished to Italy in the
mean time:

The Emperor"of Iti:SMA has sent off BoNA•PhRTE
under an escort of 2000 Cossacks, commanded by
Count OULOFF, who are to see the wretch deposited
in the Island of Elba, and to watch over him there,

The Archduchess of AUSTRIA (MARIA LOUISA)
refuses to accompany BONAPARTE. She and her Son
arc to reside in Italy. General BERTHIEIL has made
his peace with the Allies. General BERTRAND ac-
companies BONAPARTE to Italy.
A General LucosTE had received °tiers frem Bo-
NAPARTE to blow up all the powder magazines, scc.
of Paris the instant the Allies ortered it.

The General communicated the circumstance to
the Emperor ALEXANDEN and was honoured with a
Russian Order set in diamonds, for his humanity in
disobeying the brutal order.

STOCK EXCHANGE.—This morning an Attorney's
Clerk went to the Stock E'change with upwards of
I(it) copes of writs fit- qui Sam actions against all those
persons .who trans Acted business with Mr. FEA.RNE,
the day of the hoax. He commenced delibering them
to such of the persons who first presented themselves;
b 't shortly alter the purport of his mission was known,
he was rather ruddy hustled out of the house.
Yesterday morning, soon after nine o'clock, the,
.laruaata, and Princesses ELIZABETH and MARY, left
intisot Castkin her Majesty's travelling carriage,
fatetted by a party the llth Light Dragoons, and
.arrited at the cigieteWii Palace About traii-past eleven.
On Wednesday and yesterday, all the pictures be-
longing to her M 'away's three State R'.oms in the
queen's Palace, were removed to her Majesty's Li.
brary in the Green Park, for the purpose of being
cleaned, to correspond with the.new fitting-up of the
Palace, which is to be fitted up in a very splendid
and magnificent style.
Her imperial Highness the Grand Duchess of Or.-
DENBUIt6II left Pulteney Hotel yesterday at half-past
eleven o'clock, and proceeded to the British Museiim,
for the second time, where she was received by Mr.

PLANTA, ti:Lt Principal Librarian. Thti Rolm!, Du-
eituses attention was principlly attraffed yesterday
to the models, Scc. v.hich occupied her attention till
past three o'clock, when she returned to Pulteney
Horel, and received a number of visits from distin-
guished characters. In the evening Count WORON-.
M:.dame MonEno, and several others, dined
With her INWERIAL HIOHN!.tiSi

MARRIAGES l& HIGH Live —On Wednesday even
ing was married, by special licence, at her Mother's
hottse in Upper Brook-stteet, by his Graie the Arch-
bishop of Yoe*, Lord Viscount AvitionS, to ESTHER,
only daughter and sole heiress of the late RICHARD
ACILLAM, Esq. of Weston Hall, Bawtry, torkshire,
.401.1 niece of the Earl of BANDoN. the bride was
attired in a Superb drest of Brussels lace. After the
ceremony, the bride and bridegroom left town for the
seat of the Earl of BEsaoitotrou. And on Sunday,
HAMILTON FITZGERALD, Esq. was married to Lady
ELizsnent RAwDoN, sistet of the Earl of Motaw.
The Mail which was to have been dispatched this
evening from the Foreign Post Office for France has
been counteimandeci, until such time as the next dis-
patches are received firm Paris, by which period it is
conjectured that every thing will be tranquil in the
whole of 'France.
The PRINCE It Emir has signified his intention to
invite the gallant &trona to this country, that he
may have in person the opportunity cf testifying his
respect for his talents, his esteem for the vii toes, and
his high sense of the Seavices which the heroic Vete-
ran has rendered to the Great Cause of Independent
Nations, and to the civilized world.
The Duke Da BERRI is now at Caen, where he has
been received with the greatest enthusiasm.
It now appears by an Act of the Provisional Go.
vernment of France, that BONAPARTE took leave of
office perfectly in character. He literally stole all the
public treasure he could command, and was hurrying
it out of France to a place of security. He was
caught in the fact, but we are sorry to add that he
was not ptsniihed on thb spot by being dragged
through the nearest Ithrse-pond. In this last act of '
his infatuous life, his conduct is like that of a thief,
who after setting fire to a house, is caught walking
off with the silver plate.
Yesterday a Court of Directors Was held at the
East-India House, when the six nets Directors took
the oaths and their seats. The Hon. WILLIAM Fut.-
LARTON ELPHINsToNE, and JOHN INGLIS, Esq. were
tdected Chairman and Deinty Chairman, for the year

ensuing.
