N (0,

TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 15, 1831.

IMPERIAL PAI? LIAM V.W.

HOUSE OF LORDS, :darter'
ROTHSCHILD V. 111100ICHAN.
The arguments on behalf of the appellants in this part.hcara appeal
having been concluded, Lord Wynford, who sat with he Lord Ctissis.
cellor, gave the judgment of the House, without calling upon ibe
Counsel on behalf of Mr. Brookman, to address thew lordships, :Ansi.
ing the decision of his Honour the Vice Chancellor, with one tsunami
pounds costs.
MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONST
Mr. Burrell, and several other Members from the House cf Com-
mons, brought up several private bills.
Mr. Brown, from the 3letropolitan Commissioners of Lunar:7,
brought up papers.
Petitions were presented by Lora &Aerial. from Lincoln, in favour
of reform ; by Lord Gower, from the Staffordshire potteries. to the
same effect; by Lord Deere, from Dissenters in London and West-
!Amer, against slavery ; from the Earl of Radnor, from a place in '
Scotland, in favour of reform ; bv the Earl of Roseberry, Ver. Lin.
lithgow, to the same effect ' • by Lord Durham, front Southwark and
Forfar, to the same of ;by Earl Spencer, front Christchurch, Sur.
rey, in favour of Reform ; by Lord Farnham, from Cork, against alt.
very ; by Lord Glengall, from Tipperary, against the tithe system ;
by Lord Aberdeen. from Paisley, against die sitics on cotton wool;
and by Earl Grey, from Northumberland. So (wow! of Parlionieutary
reform and vote by ballot, signed by upwards of 500,1 persons.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE rose to present a petition from
Clerkenwell, in favour of Parliamentary reform. In doing so his
Grace said ; " My Lords, on the aubject of Parliamentary reform, my
opinion is, that his Majesty's ministers deserve the gratitude of every
man in the country, for the measure they :save brought forward. They
have consulted the interests of all classes, and relieved use herts!itary
borough proprietors from the reproach of using objectionable niensores
at elections, and at the same time they have secured to them (dose ad-
vantages which property ought to have. (Hear.) I have no wish to
occupy your lordships' time by premature discussion, hut 1 could not
abstain from axpressing my cordial assent to the plan of reform pro.
posed by his Majesty's ministers, and it is my intention to support it to
the utmost." The noble duke also presented a petition to the same
effect from Poole. . . .

The largo's of CLEVELAND presented a petition from the cor•
potation of Totnes.s, Devon, in support of moderate reform. The noble
marquis could not concur with the petitioners in ail their views. On
,he subject of the proceeding for reform in the other House of Pails.
ment, it was useless to say more than he had already expressed. He
would only repeat, that no private consideration, no personal benefit to
be derived from the continuance of that system, which he knew to be
detrimental to the best interests of the country, should prevent him
from giving his best support to the measure for reform proposed in
another place.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE thought the Totness petition
irregular. because it alluded to the provisions of a bill which was not
then before their lordships.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND, finding it could not be received ac-
cording to the forms of the house, withdrew it.

PRICE 7D.

(Lord Wynford) denied that be had misrepresented any part of th'
noble and learned lord's statements: all that he regoi:cd by
amendment was merely that he might obtain a proper utalervarsling 0
the terms of the bill, which, he betwed to oh :serve, had untlagotte se
many alterations since it was brought forward, as to be ant pletely
changed in its tharaver and detAls. With a view to &gaining a pro-
per unsicrstandillg on it, he should, therefore, ccrtatt ly persevere in his
motion

The LORD CHANCELLOR explained, and repeated that the r .
ble and learntd lord's Diode of proceeding was altrgether urprett-
ted and if his motion were carried it would be equivalent to aural
rejection of the bill.
Tilt question was then putt and the House divided, when there
appeared —tor the amendment—that the Bill be committed that day
womb.

For the amendment
Against it ..

Majority in favour of the original motion... 1G
Oa our reednillaton to the House. the L01:0 CH ANCELIiCR
was on his legs, and expressed him►elt as not objtvting to • postpori
ment for a week.

After a conversation, in which the Duke of WELLINGTON, L“rd
ELLENBOROUGH, the Lord CHANCELLOR, and Lord Wirwvont)
took part, the above arrangement was agreed to.
Adjourned at a quarttr post SEVEN o'clock.
