less, while petty Captains of thirty or forty followers.
gather round the Military Chiefs, in proportion to their
power, and they form a complete chin, like our•Hikh-
larklers in former times. Their dress, when good, is
very martial and becoming; they have no untforns—
i their arms are frequently h,andsnmely worked in silver
1 and gilt.
The general feature of the country consists of rocky
' barren mountains, interspersed with woods, vineyards,
and numerous fertile vallies, forming some very- fine
and romantic scenery. The towers save been almost
all destroyed. The streets are narrow and badly paved, I
ar.d wooden balconies; more like sheds, .with roofs
projecting over them, give them a dull appearance.—
i Tire inhabitants are fond of fete days and feasting, and
to see them in the coffee-houies, or in groups under the
trees, merry-making, you would suppose the country
In a state of perfect security and quietness.
The seat of the Government is at present at Napoli,
and is composed of an Executive and Legislative Body,
chosen annually by the people. The English loan, ex•
cepting for the operations of the fleet, which, of course,
are of great importance, has not much advanced the
Greek cause,.and has given rise to great peculation,
and rather fomented their dissensions. But every excuse
is to be made for the Greeks, suffering sn long from a
state of abject slavery. The Wanders, who were treated
by the Turks witk great privileges, and enjoyed great
freedom, have been the most active in supporting their
independence by land. The inhabitants of the Rou
meliot Provinces, who were also very free, have be-
haved very gallantly, while. those of the Morea, si ho
were the most oppressed, and the greatest sufferers
from the Turkish yoke, have made the least exertions
for their liberation, which shews that a long habit of
slavery and subjection so debases the human mind,
that it can no longer appreciate the 'blessings of liberty.

LORD COCHRANE .AND THE PINANUA.

PORTSMOUTH, OCTOBER 8.

The arrival of Lord Cochrane is now fixed to take
place on the 20th inst. if with the intention of returning
to the Brazils, his Lordship will probably be disap-
pointed of proceeding immediately, as it appears the
crew of the Pilanga have nearly all deserted the Bra-
zilian service. Sixty of them came on shore here, in a
body, on Thursday last. The causes of their dissatis-
faction are probably stated in the following letter,-which
was written by one of them previous to the strike. Such
is the attention now paid to the condition, character,
and comforts of British seamen employed in our ships
of war, that we cannot but view every such individual
who engages himself in the service of a foreign nation,
as nor possessing the manly and open character and true
corps d'esprit of a genuine British seaman :
" Piranga, Sunday, October 2, 1825.
" As a British seaman I take the liberty of addressing
you with these lines, and likewise on behalf of my ship-
mates who have been in the service of fie Emperor.
Lord Cochrane has brought us to our native shore,
where we would wish for to go, but after toiling and
fighting for their service, where many of us have bled
in their cause, we cannot get any remuneration, but
baffled every time we ask for our wages and prize-
money ; we think that British seamen, in time of peace
can sail in any service they please, and now we would
wish for to leave this frigate. We have no security
for payment, therefore we hope and trust, through our
I former merit against the enemies of this country, you will
do something on our behalf, and relieve us from the
greatest tyranny, cruelty, and oppression that can be
exercised over British seamen. If you will speedily do
something for us, it will be the means of saving blood-
shed. Our provisions have been stopped this afternoon,
we have no money, and many of us are several miles from
home and poorly clothed. For you to see forty or fifty
'British seamen going on shore ragged and destitute
from this vessel, would be no honour to Lord Coch-
rane, after all his exploits in the South Sea. It it is
not in your power to do anything, we hope you will
acquaint the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.
We are not bound to stay any longer, therefore we are
all determined to leave her : we will not do anything
that would disgrace the character of British seamen."

The Washington Gazette says, « We have good au-
thority for stating, that the information, respecting the invasion of
Upper Pesu, by the forces of the Brazilian Emperor, is erroneous ;
and that no such Commanders as Ammo and &sva are known to
be in the service of IkaziL"

Previously to the issuing of the Proclamation re-
garding Englishmen rendering assistance to the Greeks,
several fine vessels were lying off Gravesend, well
known to be fitting' out for the purpose of embarking
in the Greek contest. 'They were there upwards of
three weeks. One was formerly an East Indiaman ;
she has been lengthened fifteen feet, and fitted up as,
and makes a complete man of war. Another of the
vessels had been built for Lord Harborough ; she ha.,
been converted into an excellent and formidable llam-
a-war brig. All the vessels have moved off for Greece,
and they are described as well calculated for service.
The Conditutionnel records with exultation that the
American frigate in which the Marquis De LA FAlt•
me was conveyed to Havre, was named the Brandy.
wine, from the scene of one of the Marquis's first ex-
ploits ; for it was in the battle of Brandywine, in 1777,
that he tint fought in the cause of American inde-
pendence. All this is very true : and the Constitu-
tiound might have added, that on the same occasion
the British arms were triumphant, and M. DE LA Div-
erre and his brave companions ran away.
LORD PORCHESTRR. This Nobleman, a poet of
celebrity, visited Inverness last week. Monday, he
visited Culloden Moor, and being informed by his
guide that a woman lived in Inverness, who was nine
years of age at the time of the Culloden battle, he re-
turned to town for the purpose of having an interview
with her. She afforded his Lordship satisfactory infor-
mation in answer to his numerous inquiries ; and finding
that she depended chiefly for a subsistence on the small-
sum of two pounds from one of the charitable funds
of the town, he generously ordered that two pounds
more should be paid her yearly for life on his. account.
HELEN Rem, the object of Lord Poem:area's bounty
on this occasion, was born on the 19th March, 1736,
and now occupies a cornfor tless dwelling near the Old
Br idge.—kdinburgb observer.
A Glasgow Paper says—" The Act which came into
operation on the 20th of July, obliging the creditor to
lodge 10s. for the support of his debtor, from the day
of his incarceration, has almostput au end to imprison-
ment for small sums. There are at preset t oaly 35
people confined for debt in the jail."
Some wiseacres at Colerne, Wiltshire, last week
discovered a wasp's nest in a wheat-rick, and immedi-
ately, with most laudable sagacity, applied scene
lighted straw to it, by which the whole rick a as nearly I
consumed.
