BRUNSWICK CLUBS.

. PROM m, MONTHLY MAOnsiNt POE DICINDER4
In toe spirit of Burke's immortal language-_" when
bad men conspire good men should et:imbibe—we re-
joice at the establishment of Brunswick Clubs. No
measure could have lotto more essential, for treason was
already stalking through the land I and no measure
could have been more suitable to the manliness of the
British mind, the. dignity of the cause, or the secure
,triumph of reason, true policy, and the uncorrupted
constitution. We saw an insolent and ignorant gang
of bigots assembling daily in oFen scorn of law, utter-
ing sentiments unheard of since the reign of the French
revolution; and while their characters were as base,
and their intentions as atrocious, as any that marked the
blackest time of subversion, held up, on the one hand,
as the public organs of the Irish nation, and, on the
other, confidentially received and cherished by the
public instruments of the Ministry.
Whether the Irish Government was capable of feeling
the degradation of this pusillanimous and short-sighted
policy, or adopted it in the mean and hypocritical de-
terence to rabble clamour, which characterises the
tenth-rate minions of office—whether the familiar re-
ception Li individuals whom no It ish Gentleman would
permit to cross his threshold were the natural impulse
of manners reared in early license, and giving proof of
their origin by a career whose description must be left
to its associates and its IFL:6ms—the fact was unques-
tionable-0e reception, the gay confidence, the familiar
conviviality, were there, to the astonishment and alarm
of every man capable of knowing right from wrong,
or of estimating the irrecoverable depth into which
public functionaries could be flung by the contamina.
lion of such names.
But, whatever were the results to those who thus
stooped their necks under the heel of the Popish Asso-
ciation, its results to the country have been rf the most,
signal value. When the intellect, the property, the
principle, and the religion of Ireland—all included in
the single word Psoteiaantism—found that they were
cut off from their natural connection with the sourc.
of British polity in Ireland, they remembered the
strength that there was in their own manliness, union,
and knowledge. Those were strong hold-, that neither
the-temporising of an unpurrosed Cabinet, the tergi-
versation of lawyers who had betrayed every s4tie in
succession, nor the lot .se coxcombry of a legislature of
spurs and feathers, could shaky. In the language of a
British Peer, whose words will pass into a proverb, and
the proverb into the principle of safety to the empire,
they felt that " they must not put their trust in princes
nor in prelates—in the depositories of power, nor even
in the chosen guardians of religion;' they must look to
the defence of the national interests by the national
vigour, and where every man had to lose by inactivity,
by giddy confidence in the corrupt, or gi,ilry fear of
the overbearing—privileges without which life would
not be worth preserving for an hour—they must call
round them their fellow possessors of freedom, and see
how far their muster might fight the battle of the
Christian faith and of the Constitutirat of their country.
It was on those principles, the noblest that can stir
the heart of man, that the Brunswick Clubs were
founded; and who shall say that it was nct full time?
The cry of civil war had gone through the land. It
was trumpeted from the lips of every orator of the.
Popish Association. "We are masters of the whole force
of Ireland," says one—" we have all its military passesl
in our hands, all its provisions, all its munitions of war, I
all its people." "We have America at our back," says'
another; "and, as we once invaded America to keep
up the despotism of the British Government. so shall
America invade us to put it doe n." " Let England
tremble," says a leader—" let England, brutish as she
is bloody, tremble—let the country of our tyrants be
reduced to her original insignificance, and feel that the
chains of Irishmen may be converted into their swords."
"Look to the new aspect of Eniespe," says another au-
thority among those infuriated fools; " with France,
Austria. and Spain, Popish ; with the steam-vessel
bringing invasion to a matter of calculation, and the
English shores within sudden reach of every power of
indignant Europe ; are there no hopes for the renewed
energies of Irish independence? Again, look to Ire-
land ! Was there ever a country so organised? I tell
the Government that the whole land is bound by a great
'secret confederation—that every • county, every town,
every village, has its 1 aders and its troops—that the.
men of Ireland are regimented, armed, disciplined, and
eager for thir first summons."
fhe Gove rn:nest listened to this. The language was
repeated in a thousand forme; they listened still. The
metaphoric treason was soon embodied into more vigo.
mu: figure. Armies of Popish ruffians by the twenty
thousand, breathing blood and rebellion, accoutred in
the established uniform of Irish insurrection, and ma.l
Flemming with the discipline of regular troops, started
up at the summons, marched in the face of d y through
the country, with the menaces and the power of con-
querors, and gave the most insolent and ostentatious
defiance to the law. Will it he believed that the Go-
eernment still looked on ? But a memorable example
soon showed what the nation can de, and must do, for
'themselves, if they will be saved. A tool of the Popish
Association, one of the most vulgar and base of its
brawlers, big with the triumph of riot, and secure in
the supineness of authority, was sent—will the words
be capable of credence !•-•" to rouse the north." He
proceeded in the tree spirit of his mission, and moved
forward, at the head of every disturber whom he ctuld
gather. to the amount, by his own statement, of from
fifty to a hundred thousand men. He did rouse the
north ; but it was to a sense of their duty, as honest and
brave men, who found that they must rely on no strength
but that which Gob and the constitution have given to
every man w defend himself. The north were roused
in arms—they knew the absurdity of waiting to claim
tardy justice; and, on the borders of their province, the
men whose fathers had bought the revolution of 1688
with their blood, stood, musket in hand, to repel ma-
rauding and murder, under whatever pretext their cot•
rages were to be sacked, and their lives sacrificed.
Then the secret of this boasted heroism was found
out—the Catholic Army of the Faith shrank at once—
the brawler at their head trusted for his safety to his
heels—the Popish Parliamert suddenly discovered that
the time of glory was nut fully ripe, and discounte-
nanced the warrior; and—last and most unexpected
result—the dormant Cabinet opened its eyes, disco-
vered that mobs of legislators and apostles, gathered
by the hundred thousand, from tire raggedness, fero.
city, and superstition cf the Irish hovel, were not the
safest settlers of the State, and actually ordered the
seizure of the defeated chieftain.
Yet even this lagging deferents to common WOW
was due to the English Cabinet. The Irish were at the
moment iavolved in an interchange of gracious civilities
ith the hero, which might have compensated a less
sensitive spitit for the wnhering of his laurels. The
young Secretary, a Nobleman whom we lament to see
plunged from his accomplished pursuits into the mire
of provincial office, was occupying his polished pars-
t New &ries. G. B. Whinsker and Co.

graphs in elzkidating the law to the law brtaker ; and
the old viceroy was smilingly conducting this model
of native graces into the pres nce of his daughters and
'his wife, when the missive of the Privy Council came,
like a thunderclap, to break up the whole commerce of
Republican and Royalist courtesies.
But one act of resolution, wrung from the reluctant
bosom of the Cabinet, was enough for one season; and
the blacker offenders are suffered still to insult the feel-
ings of the country. The Popish Parliament is still
furious, and labouring in its vocation of spreading fury i
through the land; and the whole tribe of the scribblers
and spouters are hourly pouring out libels on individual
character, treason against the connexions of the coun-
tries, and open incentives to rebellion, that, in less,
tender times, would have summoned indignant justice'
to raze the walls, burn the journals, and to bend orators,
warriors, and scribblers, to New South Wales for the.
term of their forfeited lives.

•• ••• ••
With the Rcmish Clergy themselv s the whole prin-
ciple of their Government is the most unqualified
tyranny. The Pope is by the constitution of Popery
bound by no law whatever, except that of pushing the
claims of his See to the utmost possible pitch. His
will is the law. He has no assessor, no controul, no
code which he cannot abrop ate at a word. His Go-
vernment is the most complete derpotism ever known.
He can impose whatever oath he pleases to-day—he
can dissolve it to-morrow. Treaty ssith him is absurd.
He can discover that it is not for the good of the Chur..h,
at any time he chooses, and the treaty is ipso facto null
and void. For the great standing canon of the 'totals!)
system is, that all obl gations injurious to the intereqs
of the R.imish See are, by their very nature, extin-
guished. It the Pope at this lulu were to sanction the
abjuration of Papal allegiance by his Irish Clergy, he
might abrogate his concession in the nest. But the
impossibility of making the concession with any
actual validity is so %sell known, that if the present
Pope, in dotage or fear, in corruption or conscience,
were to make this concession, essential as it is to the
safety and prosperity of Ireland, no Irish priest could
be found to avail himself of it, if any Irish Government
could be fiend mad enough to confide in it. For it
would be a nonentity in the very act of passing, and
the next Pope would unque•tionably dissolve the com-
pact. The fact is, that by this oath a grasp is laid upon
the British empire which no Pope can relinquish; a
connexion is established by thii Irish priesthood with
Rome, and through it with foreign Powers, which no
Irish priest, in the prospect of pr, ferments, bishoprics.
and Cardinals' hats, will ever relinquish ; and if the
Pope and the priests together were by miracle willing
to abate the nuisance, it would be still secretly but ii.
resistibly insisted on by the Popish Sovereigns, ho
see in it at once the means of perplexing the British
Government, of keeping open a point of attack in case
of war, and undnubtedly, to the minds of those bigot-
ted and priest•ridden nine. s, an opportunity, not yet
desperate, of bringing back to Itomish idolatry the
Protestant portion of a country, which lay once. like
themselves, in the unbroken darkness of the most sullen
and merciless superstition of the world.

The tyranny of the Pope binds the Prelate—the ty-
ranny of the Prelate bins the Rector--the tyranny of
the Rector binds the Curate. Of all those ranks not
one man cin indulge in a single act of human choice
but by permission of his supreme master. His meals,
his books, his hours, his habits, are all regulated for him
by the ordinance of the church. He dares not eat, he
dares not speak, he dares not connect himself with his
country, set ve his kind, or worship his Go% but by
the sullen and prescriptive mandate of a aural, which
prop agates per petual repugnance to lawful government,
through the medium of perpetual submission to an
Italian priest, and keeps its miserable adherents in the
toils at once of slavery and teNellion.
Of those there are nearly two thousand parish priests
officiating in Ireland. But the numbers and virulence
of the R imish agency ale not to be estimated by even
this formidable enumeration. The more hazardous
class are the regulars, tribes of monkc, still less con-
nected with the public interest, if possible, than the
parish priest, and still more bound to Risnie. Those
men, whom common wisdom in the Government would
have driven, root and branch, out of the country, plun-
derers and pervertets as they are—the open agents of
foreign influence, and the unquestionable missionaries
of every doctrine that can yet grow into national dis-
turbance—are already crowding into Ireland, purchas-
ing lands, by shat funds none but themselves can tell,
usurping the education of the Popish children, and, in
all their proceedings, carrying on the most notorious,
yet the most secret. correspondence with Rome. Among
those are the Jesuit•, a rice of criminals, whom the
scorn and terror even of Popish Europe expelled from
every kingdom scarcely half a century since; to whom
every hr., ach of obligation, moral and divine, was fa
miliar; and who, in Spain, Portugal, Prince, and
Italy, were alike charged with poisoning and treason,
the polution of private morals, and the assassination
of king.. Yet those we have, with a negligence, which
better deserver the name of fre. ay, suffered so esta-
blish themselves within a few miles of the Irish metro-
polis, there to stimulate the effortsarif Papistryoo direct
the progress of insurrectioa in Catholic rents, harangues,
and rabble musters, and to be in a condition to keep up,
like their Missionary brethren, a perpetual and most
mysterious correspondence with the general cf their
order, who reigns over their movements with
more than kingly despotism, and who, by the laws
of his orJer, constantly resides in the capital of con-
spiracy, Rome. Of the tremendous materials that
are stored in these successive depositaries of public ex-
plosion who can doubt ? Or who can more doubt that
there is any alternative for •the British Government be-

tween weakly conceding all and wisely and manfully
declaring that concession has gone to its full extent ;
and that the Protestant laws and liberties must be no
longer lowered into the toy of a faction, whom no con.
cession would satisfy short of absolute supremacy. But
'the Btitish Government can be strong only as the organ
of (he nation ; and it is to put the Government in pos-
session of this strength that the Brunswick Clubs have
been established. When the Minister comes down to
the House he will now be at no loss for the public judg
meat. If he waver, he will have the saving knowledge
that the eyes of the nation are upon him. If he be re.
solute, he will have the noble confidence that the hearts
and hands of the bravest, wisest, and most honest po-
pulation of the earth are ready to bus tain him in the
cause of freedom and religion.
It we arc to be.told that those things are best left t
Parliamentary discussion, we must spurn the advice,
let it come from what quarter it may. The man who
referred the question of cutting his own throat to the
wisdom of another would be but a feeble emblem o.
the nation that left it to a Minister, and a House of
Commons, to decide at thtir ease whether it should be
slave or free? On the minor questions of polity we may
defer to the experience of the Legislature. But where
the most incurable evils may be the result—where the
question is plain to every man—and where the GOD,
that has put into the national heart the feeling of civil

and ferg;aus &rano, has put into the national hand
the power of .defending them, we should de•eree,oeir
fate if we folded our arms, and lazily lingered for the
shaping 4 f the Cabinet op:nion, whrther we were or
*ere not to be undone. It is the fir-t and most imp'.
limn call of our hazarded lights and our insulted an.
demanding to assemble, and, by all legitimate means,
pronounce the will of the Brhish people.

MEETING AT BIDEFORD.
TROY PHI WISTESS Luau):Am
Tuesday, a Meeting of the Inhabitants of Bideford
and the vicinity, convened by the MAYOR. in compliance
with a. requisition, was held at the Guildhall in that
town, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament against
further concessions to the Roman Catholics. The MAYOR
was called to the Chair, and hiving opened the business,
Mr. J. RITNOLDS rose to move a Petition, and oh.
served that the strenuous divas the Roman Catholics in
Ireland were making, and the unjustifiable measures they
had adopted to carry their object—Emancipation—
called aloud to every Protestant to stem the torrent of
sedition which how agitated that distracted country.
He held' it, he said, to be our duty, in return for the
numerous blessings we enjoyed. to uphold our Constr.•
tution, our Religion, and our King. He concluded by
moving that the Pelition•be agreed.to. •
Admiral GLYNN had great pleasure in seconding the
Address. It cannot, said he, for a moment be doubted,
that if the Catholics are allowed temporal power, they
will employ it for the subversion of the Protestant
ClArch. The Catholic takes an oath that he will keep
the secrets of the Pope, and do every thing in his power
to extirpate the here ic.:l.as he denominates the Protestant
Church. If he keeps the secrets of the Pope, he peces-
S4l Hy becomes a party to hi% measuies, however disbar,.
lical they may be, even though it be a repetition of the
transactions of the sth of November, or the bloody
massacie tf Paris.

Mr. T. B. CRANTEK recommended conciliatory mea-
sures with regard to Ireland, and moved the following
as an amendment:--44 That this Meeting, viewing with
regret the unfortunate commotion which' exists amongst
his Majesty's Ca holic, subjects in Ireland and elseohere,
n c nsequence of their being excluded from the enj.y
ment of certain privileg-s, alone granted to the Pri4es-
cant inhabitants of this kingdom, have, notwithstanding,
the fullest confidence in the able judgment and wisdom
of his M ijesty's Ministers, that, should they consider it
expedient to grant them lu ther concessions, a due
watchfulness and regard will be carefully observed foe
the safety and protection of the Protestant Church,
State, Liberty, and S
Mr. HUSBAND seconded the amendment, and expressed
his conviction in the wisdom and prudence of his Ma-
jesty's Ministers, that whatever fur ther concessions they
might deem neces ary for the safety and prosperity of
the country, and the happiness of his Majesty's subj-cts•
they would place a shield of defence around the Pro-
testant religion and Government, which would be an
effectual protection agains: any insidious designs that its
enemies might cherish.
L. W. Buck, Esq. M.P. said, that if he consulted his
inclination he should be a listener to the sentino n s of
others, rather than give expression to his ova n. His
opinion relative to refusing further concessions to the
Roman Catholics was well known. The violence of the
measures pursued by the Association he vied% ed with
alarm, and thought that every person who valued the
Protestant interest was now called on to protect 4. He
had heard the subject canvassed in private meetings and
public assemblies, both in and out el Parliament' ; and
he had heard it said that the moment was arrived when
the interests of the country required ti,e granting of the
objects so long sought for by the Cith .lies; but he
contended than the advo: ties of this measure relied
more on expediency than on principle. Had the march
of intellect, he would ask, produced any alte.ation in
the principles and spirit of the Roman Catholics? Did
they not continue to declare that their system is unal-
tered and unalterable? We had been told, he said, that
granting those concessions would tranquillize Ireland;
he believed it would have no such effect. He yielded
to no man in his attachment to civil and religiuus
liberty; but it was his conscientious belief that were we
now to grant the Roman Catholics that coucession they
require, it would be the deathblow to the Protestant
Government and Religion.
Mr. HAMMOND supported the amendment. Mr. M.
SMITH arid Mr. SMALK spoke in favour of the original
Petition, which, on a show of hands, was carried by a
considerable majority.

Hla MaJevre's H Battu —Why is the Kittle: ht alth
like Lady Barrymure? Because it Is often drunk !
BILLY BLACK'S LAST..--%% by wolild a sai!nr nn the
mast bead be a valuable fellow near a stable? Because be's a-loft.

CORBETT'S CORN AGAIN. —" Ct.bbett," said one
friend to another, " is making every thing of his corn—he'll make
roast beef of it next, I expect." a Corned beef, I suppose jog
mean," rejoined the other.
The late K ng of NAPLES, playing once at cards,
exclaimed, on making a fault. " Syne into beslies"—" I am an ass."
Duke who was playing with him, made a mistake soon alters
and said, " Aisch'io torso per knit sleko & M."—" And I am a
greater ass than your Majesty." The Kura never played pith him
again.
ANTIQUAIINS OP SCOTLAND.—The annual festival
of this Society was celebrated on Friday, in the Hopetoun rooms,
Queen•atreet, Rdinburgh. Upwards of ninety Gentlemen sat down
to a most elegant dinner. When we mention that Sir War.ven
Score filled the chair, a strong assurance is given that a high intel.
lectual spirit characterised the meeting. All account., indeed, con.
cur in representing it as one of the best public auemblies which has
taken place there for a long time past. Sir Waives, in the enjoy.
ment of the test health, and in the highest spirits, delighted every
person with that brilliant wit, and richness of imagery, which give
such point to every remark be utters.
Duautt, Dgc. I.—The Post-office was 'kited on
Thursday by the Alarchloaess of CLAISICA aim (daughter of the late
celebrated and lamented Mr. Cement.), Countess of Hower, Lord
and Lady DUNGAIIIIUM, Lady K St. LAIWRINCL. Lady bloasas,
Prince Pumas. MUMMA, Sir ARTHUR and Lady Cu axe, Ste
Jason. Larvae, &c. and after expressing satisfaction at witnessing
the wonderful and expeditious arrangements of the different de-
partments, the company partook of a splendid collation given by
Sir Enwaao and Lady Lags, at their spacious apartments in the
Post-olfice.

EARL Wit.roah—While his Lordship was engaged
in the chase with his usual ardour oil Thursday last, he met with
an accid'nt which might have terminited Wally. In riding a
strange horse (the huntsman's), at a post and rail fence, the animal
once refused the leap, but took it the second time; and in an Inef.
fectual attempt to clear it, threw a complete sonserset, and fell,
with the rider undermost, by which one or two of his Lordship's
ribs were broken. His Lordship soon recovered himself, and was
not at first aware of the extent of his injury. His Lordship is
now at Eaton Hall, and is attended by Mr. Gamma Hanaison,
of this city, the medical attendant of the family.—Chester Courant,
It has just come to ow kilos ledge, that a kindnets,tho
more delightful, because never intended to be published, was trier.
cised a day or two ago by the kssee of Drury-lane Theatre, Mr.
Paws. A Gentleman at one time of high standing in the theatrical
profession, but who, through misfortunes, has been, with his family,
entirely dependent in an infirm old age, upon the labours of a son,
even now not more titan twenty two, died last week, and IN
death was yesterday followed by that of his youngest daughter.—
It may be imagined bow heavily the great expense of the illnesses
and funerals of two persons under such circumstances must fall
upon an extremely scanty income. Mr. Puce being apprised of
the emergency, immediately sent a ebeck fora handsome sum tot
assist in relieving it. The deceased Gentleman was nineteen years
a subscriber to the Covent Garden Theatrical Fund, but. by some
chance, act having paid up the twentieth year, he was coosideted
as dlsegnitkd to the enmity.

~--

~~

7

Where is the sea ?—I languish here...
Where is my own blue sea?
With all its barks of fleet career,
And flags and breezes free !
I miss that voice of waves—the first
Which woke my childhood glee :
The measured chime—the thundering burst—
Where Is my own blue sea?

•••••••

SONG . • -
OF A GREEK ISLANDER IN EXILE.
s• A Greek islander being taken to the Vale of Tempe, and called
upon to admire its beautiful scenery, replied,.• Yea, aU is fair
but tbe ma—where is it ?' "

Oh !*rich your myrtles's breath may the,
,c 7••• • Soft, soft, your winds may be;
- 'Yet my sick heart within me dies—
Where is my own blue sea?
I hear the shepherd's mountain flute,
I bear the whispering treet
The echoes of my sad are mute—
Where is my own blue sea?
FELICIA BEHAN&
