. .
dron, commanded by Alison% will, go to observe the
move:minuet' the fleet of Constastltorliii bestipifit
reigns among the ; die • is fstrrofseitlib-
slayn, and, without ,
.bqkwe , 1 sonkt horittldi a
nounce to you agl sOiktiiry. „tie AnlPhiter
Captain BruscO, arrivedherti tlio days-ago. Co
troni, Delijani, Sessini, and other Anti-Patriots, *cry
sent tb Hydra a few days back; to remain there in
custody, in the Convent of St.Eliasi.till their, trial shall
have taken place. - - -7.: :""7",,7: . . -,
ZAIITE, MARCH- is. "
" The blockade of Patras is closely carried on : four
Spezziot vessels and four mistiquei invest it, whilst the
land troops, to the number of 12,000, are at Gastouni,
and in the neighbourhood of Patras, and are awaiting
the arrival of the President, CONDUItIOTTI9, to com-
mence operations against the fortress. According to
news frOm Gastouni of the 91 instant, the President
left Napoli on the 6th, to join the abovementioned '
troops. Other vessels are also expected there with shells,
mortars, and cannon, as the Government has firmly
resolved to take the fortress, cost what it may.-.
While our squadron was fitting out in the port of Hydra;
the Egyptian squadron, taking advantage. of its absence,
landed troops at Modon, at a place called Laebanark
IBRAHIM PACHA .commanded those troops in person*
and remained with a part of them at Misokori, where
our troops, who were at Navarin, came and attacked
him suddenly with their usual enthusiasm; and obliged
him to retire to Modon. We have not, as yet, received
the details of this movement. Our troops, who are at
"Modals, amount to 15,000 men. The Government, by
its energetic measure., with respect to the rebels,bas
ensured the tranquillity of the interior. Its strength
.increases daily, and we are by no means afraid of the
preparations of the Porte." -
Such are the accounts of the commencement of the
new campaign against Greece. The statement that
President Cos DLTRIOTTIS has left Napoli to go a din
Lance of two hundred miles to conduct the siege of
Patras, and that too at a time that there is a formidable
rebellion against the Government, seems to us extremely
improbable, or if true, very impolitic.
..

A subscription has been opened in Mexico for the
relief of the Spanish Constitutionalists in England.
This is an act Of singular liberality and humanity, as
the relief thus 'proposed by the Mexicans is not for
frflow-sofferers in the same caose_ with themselves.
The Constitutional Spaniards clung as pertinaciously-
to theyrAnciple of Spinish sway over America as the
most idostioate of the Servile:, from the first establish-
meet of the Cones in 1808, to the dowufal of the re-
vived Constitution in 1822. There were no sticklers
for Spanish supremacy more staunch than the Cortes
and their Officers—no system of colonial policy more
exclusive, more coercive, more oppressive than their's;
which was, in fact, the course of policy prescribed to
them by the national sentiments of the Mother country.
It is not therefore to friends or fellow-sufferers that this

charity is now to be extended; it is to fallen enemies, to
fellow-creatures, naked and hungry, men banished, for-
saken, and desolate.
06 We understand,";;;=37itishFrest of this morn.
lug, al that the terms of the new Spanish Loan are set-
tled. As we stated on Monday, the Bonds are to be
recognised at SO, but without interest. The only clues.
don that now remains to be decided,is as to the amount
of the Loan, the Spanish Government being naturally'
desirous of obtaining a larger sum than the English
capitalists are disposed to bind themselves to girth
There have been other impediments, not proceeding
from the Spanish Government or the English capitalists,
but these are so far considered to be obviated. that the
single question at this moment is as to the amount of
the Loan." We really think if any British capitalists
can be found to lend their money on such security, they
will not need the certificate of a physician to secure
them a lodging in St. Luke's or New Bethlem.

FOREIGN FUP
Austrian Bonds S per Cr.
Brain Roads

1 TWO O'CLOCK,
111(2.11svia. Sp Ct. stil* f I
Dim Aes.

Dkto Scrip, 5 For Ont. Ditto Scrip MS. par 1 dis
DM, Arc. Ditto Acct. per
Moo Scrip 11125, sg, re Nompolkos BaMs,lol4, 92
Ditto Ara 14 pr Portar.lll96,ll per Ct. 1191
Skoar,bra &ado, Elm AN.
*ado,S p Ct. $5l 1 1 Portage:no Boads 901 /
Coksabire Boob, s p Ct. 90 Prinks 'kW% 5p Ct.
Dim asolo, 1999, 891 199 asiblirs4l•2l. 6 PPS i •
Ditoo- ACC& .04 Dim At 951
Dili& Beads, s per Ct. 1011 Spada sr. Ct. C. 231 Il •
Dkto Scrip, 3 di. DIM Acct. 231
Omsk Bonds 52 511 Smesp.o C. 1123,
Mb) Asc. fur Arc.
Ditto Scrip 1995, 444 1 die Few* Routes, 5 per Ct.
Ditto Acct. 4/ s 4/ 1 dis litaskage
BRITISH AND ronglos SHAWLS, TWO O'CLOOII
MINIS.
MARL PAS& manna room

Angle hieeeas - - . AlOO -424 In. tS pm. 4100 105
Aisle Mika . . 100- a. - foi i
As Ina and Coat - SO 7 r 15 14 13
Resales . - 100 - 5 . • 20i SO i
Odin . 100 5 . - 1401 i
adnen mei PmStie Cleapeep s 104 .11
Perm loontildk ''' .•We - S . . 191 i2O
&gal lekli :• , Al lle. 3d. 2 prem. 1 dis.
'
MAW Modem ' ' 40 - 20 - -

31
- 6}

Ditto New 40 - i -
Welch ken ik Goal IN -8 •
ASSURAIICII 00MPANIES.
All.ThiLl'er. Fire kLife 100 - to
Marine - too - s -
Gundiatt - too to -
211402 LL A NROUS.
MAUL PAID. PAM PIA =AU!
Aden& aid Pod& - too - Jet°
hillAtiromillmormay - 100 s • si 71
61111611hwitome Patent Sale 100 s 7 se
God earliogioe - so 1 21 3
Z_Limo Book - 50 • 1 . 1.
Aosselittiso • • 100 - 5 if
HosilfesComploy 300 S 7 Of 0 74
Irish MAssfasosslog Comp. 100 14
Istpoist Aim Ores too 2 34
LSIIOOI4 Brisk Csotpaoy so t It *1
Mists= Ontimy 100 10 144
Costpsby 1 14 •
bissalarigraisslissse - 55
SO - 3 . 44
Preview:kg Nankai lftland too - 32 111
Mods k Plats Agrial C. too s lo ifr I 0
4\
• Mr. Sweaty-Pau. arfritii is tows as Mondiy
traesseted bodiless on Tuaday

•33'

7i

Itli •

THE ARllit
~.......
The Dats of the Sid, SOUI/4770, 91st. and tad, will proceed
from-
thelsle of Wight, by water, to Rdinbuses and Glagrow,
The Regiments are stationedin Jamaica.
The Depots of the Std, 68th, and 71st Regiments, have b,,,,i
lahred from the Isle of Wight to Chichester; where they wig
aides oat Saturday. The Depots of the 74th, Slit, and 96th, have
been ordered titan the isle of Wight also, to Winchester, where
thei_eilli arrive os lletioriay. The whole ef tbailegjments to
"Whitilithise iSe' are stationed in North America.
Detachments tn tbel3d (the King't Own) Reginteat
ll
of Light Dragon; b( gamiskillen) Dragoons, and the 61u
Cllonsb Gionsaf Infastaryvambarkede ea the
,Ileth.eit. at DuasVai!tatilllbisd• (
• 3 Datachosests •to the 4th (Queestir Own) Regiment of
Uglit Dragoons, the Sth, td, .6th. 12th, lads, 20th. 24th, 27th,
Wa
lII* 811tb, 41st, 44* 47th, 48th, 54th, 59th, 67th, 894, and
91st Regiments of. Infantry, embarked on the 26th ult. under the
eentmand of Serjeaut Familia:l, at Dublin, for England, on route
to the Depots of their respective Corps.
Detachoneota belonging to the.l3th Light Dragoons, the 18th,
lath, 20th, 24th, 58th, 41st, 44th, 45th, 48th, 54th. 59th, 67th,
69th. 85th, 89tb, Ind 97t1 Regiments of Foot, the Royal Ste
Corps, and the East Indio Company's Infantry, eriliallird on the
31st tilt. under the command of Serjeaut bloccov. at Dublin. for
England, on route to the Depots of their roweetive Ilipttalioue. ,
' Detachments belonging to the eftt Light Dragoons. 7th Lances,
the Id, 15th, 58th, 41st, 44th, 45th, 59th, and 85th Regiments of
Foot, embarked, so the Ist he. under the command of Staff Sex-
jeant CAIIOIIBI.I, at Dublin, for England, on route to the Depots,
of their respective Regiments.
Detachments bekoging to the 29th, 61st, and 62d Regiments of
Infantry. embarked, on the Id inst. at Dublin, few England, on
the Recruiting Service.
LOSS OF THE SPEINGROFE,
8011171 MI !MILS&
..-41,-..
The Springrove, wish a crew of 23 men, sailed from
Poitsmouth for the South &is, on thi 5 h November
hilt. Boon after her departure, she met with heavy and
adverse storms, so that before. they bad reached the
latitude of SO degrees North, they were driven so far
Eastward as to be in sight of the African coast. For
three days and nights they attempted to beat off That
inhospitable shore; but on the night of the 23d No.
"ember, the exhausted crew, finding all elertion to
save the vessel fruitless, were driven ashore about' 60
miles North of Cape Cantin, in the latitude of 31
North. The surf being tremendous, three of the crew
were drowned in attempting to reach the shore. The
ship went to pieces in fobs. hours. The Southern Bar-'
bary coast, upon which they were cast, though within
the dominions of Morocco, is frequently visited by bands
of wandering predatory Arabs. The crew saved from
the Wreck, amounting, with the Captain's wife, Mrs.
Hughes, to 21 persons, kept together the first night,
unmolested by any visitors. But early it the morning
of thel4th, a considerable body of Arabs surrounded
them, endeavouring by force to carry them off. The
crew, however, had armed themselves with pieces of
the wreck, and their assailants not being provided with
fire-arms, they contrived to keep them at bay, so that
these unfortunate people were left without farther mo-
lestation that day.
During the succeeding night the Arabs came down
in increased numbers, armed with muskets, and in such
force, as to render all resistance v4in on the part of the
crew. The latter were immediately stripped of nearly
all their clothes, and led away, mostly on the hubs of
camels ; scorched by a burning sun in the day, and
'chilled at night, without clothes, and without shelter. In
this deplorable state they were reduced to mean servi-
tude; and for the slightest appearance of murmur or
discontent they were -beaten and bastinadoed most un-
mercifully. These sufferings continued five weeks.' in
the meantime, Mr. Wiltshire, the British Consul, at Mo-
gadore, to his honour be it spoken, had heard of the
shipwreck and captivity of the crew, had represented
the circumstances to the Emperor of Morocco, and with
i laudable promptitude and humanity, demanded his
assistance in the libetation of the cap'ives. in justice
to the Emperor, it is right to state, that no time was
lost on his part, in furthering this benevolent object.
A party of Morocco soldiers was instantly dispatched,
with two officers, to that part of the count:), where
they were detained, and they were thence conducted to
Mogadore. One of the men died of the hardships be
had undergone, and it is inconceivable that many others
did not perish. Through the exertions of the Consul,
the men were Sent to Gibraltar, and some have re-
turned to England.
A circumstance is stated by one of these men, which

.
is as follows : he says, that the Arab Chief into whose
• nds they fell, could speak a little English ; and con.
tiived to inform theusobat soma years ago an English
ship was lost on the. African coast: that the crew
reached the shore to the number of three hundred men,
well armed; that his own tribe, consisting of five hun-
dred men, attacked them, and were repulsed: that he
solicited the assistance of a neighbouring tribe to resew
the attack, with an additional force of four or five hen-
•dred men: that the British drove them back a second
time, and were making good their retreat for some set-
tlement of security, when they were a third time sur-
rounded by a body of thirteen hundred: that the
British fought till three-fourths of their number fell,
and the remainder were cut to pieces after laying down
their arms,and after Wing two hundred and fifty Arabs.
The name of this ship is unknown, as well as the bate
of theshipwreck. It is further stated, that there are
still many unfortunate Englishmen ins state of slavery
in Africa : some of them for ten or twelve years, and
who were seen by the crew of the Bpringrove in the
course of their peregrinations in that country.
Ns
- - -

TheiCtsro has appointed the Right
OCXOSICAL, Leetl Forbes, to be his MAJIESTeS High ConsmisslAter
to the General Assembly of the Church of licodand.
The wedding portion of the Lady CORNWALLIS,
married the other day, was treeoty thousand pounds; there are
three of diem with iimilar sums.
Mrs. LotioNst.cast.sy received from the creditors
£7OOO a year, four of which she has made oyes to her lawland.
We have just heard from our Correspondent at Bee-
logne-our-Mer; that the English Physicians there, Seemed by the
King of Fames to practise among their senatrymen. Illavo re-
Weed to place themselves, in regard to their Honeraties, apes the
sante.foot, as their countrymen practicing in Paris and esker
great towns en the Continent : this seems to be called lbs.. froth
the increased expense of living in that fashionable resort;. bus we
are happy to bear it, as it thereby ensures to our ceontrynsen
visiting Boulogne. the adviie of well educated men, who. as in
&gland, ought to be remunerated for their seniors.
IMPORTANT TO THI COAL Taaus.--This morning
in the Court of King's Bench, an action was brought
against Mr. POoL, , a coal-merchant, carrying' on busia
mess under the title of the City Phenix (.4sal Company.
for delivering to the house -of Colonel Bunaows, 25'
chaldrons of coals of an inferior quality, called Wel-
l'Mgton Main, instead of Russell's Wallsend, of a supe-
rior description, and for which the highest prim was
paid.—After hearing the evidence of several witaesses,
Mr. BROUGHAM addressed the Jury on behalf of the
defendant, when his Lordship summed np, and-the
Jury returned kverdict against Mr. POOL On the three
counts. The amount sued Tor was Makes& chidden,
' snaking in the whole MX
•
