me al

hence,
chant

w
tern,
oblige
of a
Govern

dept,
jest
to Boi
Cusco,
and
the

Till

received, and now communicate for your satisfaction,
have terminated the campaign of our anise alive south,
and secured the liberty. of a sister republic, *filch, for
the first dine snistriii 'itself, is now going to decide
upon i.s destinies; had do away with the scandatof an
American peole being igoterned by a trade of slavery.
The enemies of otrr 'hail stotioni, who Wished' to re-esta-
blish the yoke ire Wive broken. in cooseloence of our
triumphs, will hagpili be compelled with shame to
abandon their projects of—aggression,•itnd to leave ai
state whose only girt): is its happiness, to cultivate ins
peace those rights and means of obtaining it with which.
it is so bountifully suppliedisy nature; • This new day
of glory is not less useul to Colombia and all America
than to Upper Peril': atid•to you, who are so eminently
distinguished for your abhorrence rf tyranny and love
of peace, and a settled and popular Guvernment,k sill
be particularly flatteing, and-fon will look upon it as.
a crown prepared by iIEAVIDI in reword of par virtues.
" Arequipa, July 24. 151$.
" ANTO\I9 G. DR LA FUENTB."
TREATIES OF PEACE.
In the town of Piquisa, on the 6th day of July, 1828,
the C..mmissioners met, for the purpose of making a
preliminary Treaty of Peace beiween his Excellency
Jose Maria Pere* de Urdittinea. General in Chief of the
Bolivian army, and intrusted with the command of the
,public, and Don 'Augustin Gamarra, General of
Division of the Armies tif Peru, and General in Chief
'of that of the Slutiviz.- on behalf of the first:named
Messrs. Miguel Maria Aguirte, Minister of Faience,.
Jose Miguel Velasco, Prefect General of the DTatt-
*teat of Chuquisaca, and Dr. Miguel del Carpio, as
Secretary ' • and on behalf of the last named Don Juan
'Augustin Lira, first Aid-de Camp of the Staff; Lieut.
'Colonel and Aid de CaMp 1:111 Joan Bautista Argue.
das, and Captain D•an Jo.e Marla ',lnez. as Secretary.
reciprocaly exchanged their respective Powers, and it
appearing Irons them that they were properly authorised
to compile the articles to serve as a basis for the present
negoci,stian, they entetecf luta at 'serious and deliberate
conference upon the interests of tie two Republics, and
the motives that hacPcaused the march.ot the Peruvian
army upon the territory of. Bolivia; and, mutually de-.
'sirous rf establishing a solid and lasting peace, of
strengthening the telationi-of both Sates by the bonds,
of a sauce's friendship, and of removing the causes,
which have led to the hostile. *demonstrations. that have
taken place on both sides, mutually 'agreed to the fol-
io* ing articles : • .
" 1. In the space-of fireen days from the ratification;
'dr thee 'treaties by the Generals in Chief of the bellir
toarmies, all -Calismbiaris and other foreigners
in the army of ''Bolivia shall begin to evacuate the ter-
ritosy' of the Bolivian `republic.
.64 2. From the foregoing article are excepted all sub.-
I.alterns, from Captains inclusive downwards, who v4ll
be suffered to remain 'in the republic,- piovided they
'leave the army, ut.til a President be appointed, who
may, if he please, recall theinto the service.
.•
^ 3. The Generals, Chiefs, and' Officers, who, a'
;ably to Article I,' are to leave the territory of Bolivia,
may return to the said Republic as soon as the National
'Assembly is installed, and during their absence they
%hall receive half pay Rom the fund's of the said Re.
'pUblic, until 'the President' appointed shall determine
'whether they are 'to continue in the service and receive
'their pay. Those mentioned in Article 2, shalt also'
feceive half pay under the same conditions as stif elated
in this article. .:tr • r
"4. The squadronrbf grenadiers and hussars of Cra.•
lambi*, now in this said Republic, shall commence
their march for their own country by the route winch,
as far as Arica, the General in Chief of the Peruvian'
army may point out fui theln, and the said General,
shall' also undertake to'provide the necessary shipping
'for their transport, and the General in Chief of the Bo-
livian army shall undertake to indemnify the Peruvian
Republic for the expenses thereof.
" 5. The day following the ratification of .these
'treaties the General in Chief cf the Bolivian army shall
issue a Decree to Assemble, on the Ist of August next,
the canstituent Congress,' not now sitting, and which
'shall meet in the city of Chuquisaca, to consider, firstly,
the propriety of receiving the Message, and admitting
the proffered resignation. of the Grand Marshal of
Ayacucho. Antonio Jose de Sucre ;. secondly, of nomi-
nating a Provisional Government; and thirdly, of im-
mediately convoking with all possible dispatch a na-
tional Assembly, which shall revise, modify, or declare
efficient the existing Constitution.
"6. This national assembly shall, in preference to all
other matters, occupy itself in electing and appointing
a person to exercise the functions of President of the
State, and in fixing the day on which the Peruvian
army shall begin to evacuate.the territory of the Re-
public.
"7. The Peruvian army shall occupy the department
of Potosi till the day cf the meeting of the Constituent
Congtess, on which it shall commence its march her
La Paz and Oruro, through the department of Cocha
bombe ; and on its march 51)411 be provided with the
.oecessaty provisions.
"8. The NationalAisembly, after fulfilling the objects
sipecified in Att. 6, shall suspend its sessions, and to
commence them as soon as the Peruvian army shall
,bare re-passed the Desaguadero.
44 9. The ISylivian army shall occupy the departments

pie (erred aCeolding tb•-their abilities; and the Smile:es
they have performed.
'• 15. The contracting partiei 'shall be responsible for
any act of hostility committed by either army after the
ratification of these Treaties: • • • -
"16. Two Chiefs shill be elfin as hostages for the
fulfilment of these treaties, and the seine shall be chosen

by the contracting Generals. • • • - • ' •
17. These 'treaties .ball be ratified or rejected in
the spaced hdbrs; and, in CAW of their disapproval
or non-ratificatioai hostilities shall recommence -id 12
hours. 4. • z •;••'• • •

" In these terms the prise* stipulation Was weed
to, and conclude it at eight o'cl, ck p.m. of the day. month.
and year first above written. nod two copies "thereof
wee e bigned by ti'eltl tresaitiChinamiisibnit's; as w*. the
undersigned Sectetarics, do he'rehy certify'. • .•
MIGURL MARIA .DE A diftlatE, VesavaL
*11101.1P.1. DEL 'CARNO, Secretary. '
-"JUAN BAUTISTA AKGUICDAS.

"JOSE AIAItIA LOPEZ, Sweaty."
" Lieutenant-Colonels Dos Juan Agustin Lira and
D.' Juan Bautista Aigued.ii, acompanicd by Captain
D. ,n Jose Maths Lot ez, having presenteJ themselves

on the 7th day of 1828, at the heathcriarters at
Ciporo, Infirm Don Agu-tin liamarrag Uerteral-in-
Chief of the Peruvian army, to render account ctrhe .
commission.intiusted to' their care, by o hich• they sere. •
instrneted to meet the Boliviaiclegatioryfor the pur-
pose of agreeing Span a trery of peace between the .
two now belligerent untie% and delivered fo'him the
treaties entered into .by 'the aforesaid Commissioners,
and signed by the contracting 'dries at eight o'clock
P.ll. of yesterday, the said General Gomorra declared
that he signed, approved, and ratified in the most
solemn manner, every thing stir ulated by the aforesaid
Commissioners, with this sole exception—viz. di That
the hostages to be, given for the fulfilment of this
capitulation shall be
.appointed by their re pective
Generals, and .nottlrosen by either party ;" and with
this sole and trifling mothficatims, .which will nor, it is
considered, affect in-any war the substaece of the other
articles greed upon; his Excellency pron i,es to (shiers'',
'keep, and religiously fulfil all that is stipulated in the
said Treaties ; and further promises, in the name cf his
Government and by•virtee of the authority granted to
him for that purpose. that these treaties of peace and
friendship be;ween.the republics of Peru anti Bolivia
shall be caused to be kept, fulfilled, and executed by the
"national arms,' conforMably to the custom of war. In
witness %Meteorite said • General Gsmarra agreed to
and signed the same at nine o'clock A sr.' of the above
written•day. month, and year, as I, the undersigned
-Setretarj 'of .War do hereby- certify. • • - •
AGUSTIN GAILIMILL

" By order of hi. Eacelkney, Dr. Jobs Amu* as La
Cosa, this a true copy." •
This moment, and whilst the above treaties were in
the press, an express has arrived, forwarded by tie
Prefect of Puno, and bringing communicatuns from
the army, firm which it appears the Treaty was con.
eluded and ratified, and that the army had in conse-
quence occupied the town of Potosi. from which place.
the General in Chief had ordered the Pref 4t r f LA Piz
to cause the members of the former Congress to set out
immediately for Chuquisam
We have several tires been under the necessity of
mak;ng strong animadversions upon the insidious po-
licy of Peru. We bad little hopes they would be attended
to, and our principal obj ct in enakirg them *as to arouse
the attention of the other States of America. in order that
they might be on their guard against the Machiavelian
designs of that Gower Davin. The support of ocial Incl.
ples, the consolidation and tranquillity of the new Re-
publics, the glory of Colombia, and of our most illus-
trious citizens, compel us not to conceal our opinions with
respect to the invasion of Bolivia ; and we shall still pur-
sue the same course, notwithstanding the Treaty we
have just published may, to appearances, have ter-
minated the contest between these two Republics.—
The age is now gone by in which the gteatness of na-
tions was estimated by the magnitude cif their- eon-
que-ts ; and although some persons may rejoice that the
expedition against Bolivia has terminated successfully,
hoping that they will thereby beenabled to extend their
political ideas; yet, little as they way reflect, they can-
not but be aware that this passing triumph has only
been gained at the price of those I.tinciples which con-
stitute the happiness of nations. If Peru be allowed to
retain quiet possession of u hat she has acquired by
exercising the fatal right c f armed interference, what
security is there that other Statep may not be forced to
change their institutions at the pleasure of Peru, or any
other pi,werful nation whose convenience or inclina-
tion ;t may suit to oblige them to reform them ? This
slight indication will suffice to point out to the Govern-
ments of this continent t'.e extent of the danger by
which they are menaced.
With respect to Colombia in particular, her policy
cannot now be doubtful. The integrity of the Republic
and the national honour demand that Peru shall be
prevented from pursuing the. same course towards us
that bas produced such fatal results in' Bolivia. To
accomplish this end, ore of ..two measures mat be
a
adopted—either 'to maintain large army on the fron-
tiers, or to exact the most binding end effective guaran.
tees for our futuresafety. The first of tbt se measures is
incompatible at ith the prosperity of the nation, for the

.' . • - . Pew cstrif
. .„ .
. , ,
.-4.- : ... ...'-'l,`:i •su . • . ft fl . . .
.•
- , •
311. .
.. • •
.'
.
_ 45
‘i. ''''• ' .
/44•41 / ' 01-' .
~ tat
_......„
_. .
r, DECEMBER 4, 1828:. .
. -.- • • . -.. ... . I)=CLSRVES,PILNCL
- a •
. . .
at home. [hails no occasion, to tell my name; I of Chuquisaca, Cochabamba,
follcaving' that on whith'ilief fre
Cochabamba, Santa Cruz Tarij.i,• and
• .
well kno*n; my residence is about four paces Potosi. on
re, at the first camp, at the house of a wine mer
. evacuated
.y .. bi ethe army' Of Peru. The revenges received
it. You must shit for M. Billerose."
therein during the stay of the-Peruviatrirmy, and lite-
I. --- -__-..-. wise those of the Orura and La -Paz, shall, after de.
SOUTH AMERICA. ducting the pay of the said may, be ceded to the
,--- - former. •
• PERU. /410. The Supreme Goveragients of both Republik,
Ve have accounts from this republic, by private let- •shall settle the charges io be demanded on both sides
,up to the 14th of July. General Lamar has been ef
from the time the•Peiuvianitiny passe I the Desagud il.
ged to retire from the Govertinent in consequence Bolivia 14 11. The Repablics of. 'Pero and Blivi shall
severe indisposition, 'lnd has gone to Junin. The
ltrengthi
rernment is entrusted to the• Vice President, M. Sa- litheir relations by diplciMatic agents as 'soon
as the army hit eiacuited the Iblivian ter diary.
int lisquilino.
' ."'l2. The Republics of Peru and BAiiia *hall nbt
t is said that deneral Gamarra is acting isdepen-
., . be able to form friendly relations with • the Empire of
sly of hi, Government, aid it apposes that his pro- the Brazils, until the said Enspirehas Wade peace with
is to'form a republic to hi, own fancy. by joining the Argentine 'Republie. i. • '• • -••-
ilolivia the three provinces of Puno, A/equips, and .
I IS. All persists; belonging 10-either' republic, and
ich, whicli'have declared themselves in assembly
I independent-of
ri the ;With is ina state of complete diiiirga. pendent.of Lima. It is likewise added, that enrolled in the opposite army, shall be immediately dk-
army
livered up., provided the &simians remelts in their'bvin
.country, and the Peruvians return ts there. this tieing
anon, and that the navy is its' no better plight.— left to t' eir own'choice. The Colombian 'sbldier's in
reia de Colowebiti, Bogota, Sept. 7. ' mitt armies. are included, 'and' Elea& patty Waits
Bot.tvi A FRRIL . 'able to Clairsi ' deserters. .
II PittrECT 01 AOQUIPA TO Till INHABITAITS 91 . ''
/4 H. No'Bolivian shall be mole;ted direedi grib.
T HAT 11:14PARTMINT. di:ectli on account or the way he may kave voted under
1 ernms—The treaties of peace which nave just the .pre,eot circurisstinces4 but 'sorb Orions shall be
eived. and now communicate for your satisfaction. _-__,l___, _...;A:.,___ .1.._.1.. AL:1:.:.,.. ....i .g.,. j_la_:_.
