STOCKHOLM, DECEMBER 24.

. -
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince returned to
this capital yesterday afternoon, having been absent
half a year, and was received in the most distinguished
manner.

This forenoon we received Papers from Rio de
Janeiro to the 27th October.—The Gazette bf Rio is
chiefly filled with further accounts of the Proclama-
tion of the Prince Royal as Emperor of Brazil, and
'with Addresses from various towns on the subject of
his assuming that dignity. That from Villa de St.
Joao de Principe of the 28th September, urges his
Royal Highness to assume the supreme poWer.—
" The present circumstances," says the Address, " in
which this great, rich, and generous Kingdom of
Brazil, is placed, by the threats, deliberations, and
proceedings of the Congress at Lisbon, endeavouring I
to reduce it under the ancient despotism, and per-
severing in the. rash project of enslaving it, as is
clearly perceived in the expressions in which the
Cortes treat as factious and as rebels, the illustrious
promoters of its liberty ;—proceedings quite con-
trary to the thoughts of the generous and good Bra-
zilians, who never adopted any such idea.. For
these and many other reasons, we, as Representa-
tives of the inhabitants of the districts of the Villa,
whose opinions are unanimous, invite and entreat
your Royal Highness to be pleased to take upon your-
self those prerogatives, which may be necessary to
promote our tranquillity, and avert the bayonets by
which it 'is threatened."

The Editor of the Journal called Correio do Rio
do Janeiro informs his subscribers in an advertisement,
'that he has received from the Intendant of the Police,
by order of the Emperor, a notice, not only to desist
from editing that.Joipnal, but also to quit the terri,
Tories of Brazil within eight days, where he has re-
ded years, and has been Editor of the said
..latunia 1 aboin six mouths.
••0•4i,.. • • :

.0;
French Papers of the &It have been received, but
bitif-odftiffiCate btfrtitertiting. Tuesday everting
a grand reception at the residence of the

Duke d'OntEAo4. "HA 'Serene Highness received 1
the-Ambassadors and #iiiiiitory plenipotentiary of the
Ftireigic Powers„-M. the Archbishops:4v FARO,. ged
atimeroirs personigetef disthictiloqt;-;,
The Journal L'ii.toile says ...04 live
Paris is eiclusively occupied respecting the ansvier
of the Cortes, and the citti4seintuien etitic.hihekrinih'
Government will tome to. riffs -dettyliiieitioe'--Can
now be bo more matter of doubt than the reply of
the Spaniard's. The Mini'sten orthe ReeolutiOn have
their language as direct as the blissisters of Legiti-
macy. Tliey are now in the presence of each ether.".

A letter from Bayonne,: dated January 2, sap—

" The fort of Irati wasebandoned on the 28th ult.
by the Defenders of the Faith, for want of provisions.
44 War is much spoken of to-day. The order to
make the Spaniards retire into the interior is so strict,
that it includes even personst who have resided here
several years.

The accounts from Madrid of the 25th say :
I
We continue to enjoy perfect tranquillity, and the
pacific news which we continue to receive causes the
effervescence of the public mind gradually to sub-
side ; its efforts have even been felt in the Lancia-
burian Club, where, mention being made of the
critical situation in which the Ministers are placed.
a pomious enlogium was passed on them, and it
was even confessed that they had surpassed the hopes
of all good Spaniards. They were only blamed for
the favour they have shewn to some Journalists who
have flattered them, while they have taken for their
enemies, others that have dated to point out their faults.
This alteration shews, that at the first signal of a
foreign invasion, :the whole of the Constitutional
party would blend together, which wonld suffice to
raise the nation in a mass. Up to the 25th, our Mi.
nistry.bad received nu official communication from
foreign Powers; and hitherto all the steps taken
by a foreign Ambassador, to pave the way for the
pretensions of his Government, have been ineffeca
tual. No foreign interference, no modifications in
the Constitution! The' Constitution or death, and
war with the whole world, if we are provoked.'

" These are the expressions which pass from mouth
to mouth. Even should the Spaniards see .the.Eog-
list remain tenter in case of aggression,
.which does
not seem very probable at present, we may be as.
I sured that they uvula not yield to the threats of
France, nor to the whole of the Holy Allisincak:•
id tie Neapolitan General Nl*, who
•
caowfrout London solely to offer his services to Spain
in it should'be attacked, has set out for Lisbon,
but will not yet leave the Peninsula. Colonel Piia,
hit Atidei:de-camp, remains at Madrid-.
Au• the accounts from thit provinies respecting
tie Municipalities spew that the Li.;
berids have -every where triumphed, which Will Much
tend to ccinsaidiiitbe syltem."

Ezirtierbt ilptokfitcno,, it# Officer in the squailron
acting in the, Mediterranean* • , -

"The Turki'latiriAlnly deK ree ebarmilseration, for
at this time in the Morta they 'are greegy ie want of
provisions, a pound of bread, if to b e sells fel'
half a dollar. .

,4 We, having settled our !miten about the neu-
trality, as also of their firing into the Cbanticleer.•
returned on board, and the Turks Yetired to. their
castle of Ogia, now in a miserable state, garrisoned
by only 400 Turks.

" The cause of the Turks in the Morea is very un-
favourable, all their troops being in the city of Co-
rinth, about ninety miles distant from us, surrounded
by the Greeks, and in the greatest distress for provi-'
sions, of which the Greeks have an abundant supply.
Acts of the greatest cruelty are constantly practised:
not long since, four Greeks had each a stake driven
through his body ; they lingered four days ! For this,
as many Turks were instantly served the same. Co-
rinth is surrounded by dead bodies, in every state of
putrefaction, from the one that fell yesterday, to the
first at the commencement of the warfare.

" Twenty thousand Turks are now in Albania to
force the Isthmus of Corinth, which is strongly
guarded by the Greeks ; should they succeed, the
carnage will be dreadful.
We arrived at Coron in the night, and %vent on
shore in
.the morning to witness most appalling sights;
of 2000 houses, not one was left standing ; what has
become of the unfortunate inhabitants, it is impossi-
ble to say—some to slavery—some massacred—
others doomed to worse than death ; this is the fourth
town I have been in where destructilini is, perceivable
at every footstep.
" On the Ist of November the Captain bid.an
terview with the Bey, and delivered his letters' Irani
Sir Thomas Maitland, demanding ;a dumber of 01-
rates who had been pillaging and murdering: The Vey;
replied, he was quite indignant at the sultjec.t, indeed
his men were so divided, and killed ,by.the Gsiteki
in ambush, that he could scarcely account fotbis
men. If upon inquiry it was the case, they shohld be
punished, and .restitution mi.de ; but be woulti:riiit
consent to give them up. Ite.inquired if any of die
British subjects were to commit acts of piracy, whe-;
ther the King of England would deliver thernlssiiNal-
Upon being answered in the negative, he said; how can
you expect the Porte will deliver these men up to You?'
If the crime is proved, they shall be. punirhcd.ffir
tirit bteade of Ale lbws of 'swims by oaf mai lam',
During this saiflistuehi service Liver of -our,

men were placed arottrid rawful of an
ampetopmattack frop the-Qteeks.tSo succeed in
Ois ut itiope,==iise tit be-
fore ell4'ialiecf slit 'iliiinciehnt‘vs6;. the
they were•kber front 044-Cistle• 1191 log
this affair, .1i; • •all
'camp t atr, t y denying knowledge
of the boldness, we hae returned-toCbtite,. -

It has for some time back been a.ititiect .of just'
reproach on the'British GOvernment that 'the interesti
of Commerce have been grossly neglected, and the
just remonstrances of 13rit4h Merchants been denied
that respect and attentiOn,to which they were entitled.
Britain; possessing a Navy amply snlficient to protect
het timmerce in every quarter of the world, and to'
every quarter of the globe it extends has seen that
Commerce at the mercy of a few pirates, who com.
mit their depredations with impunity. and to an ex-
tent that has become , quite alarming to those who
are concerned. • •

Our. Ministers are stated to have remonstrated with
the Spanish Government on this subject ; and some
satisfactory arrangement was expected to take place.,
It is not, however, against Spanish pirates, but also
against Spanish Generals, in South America, that our
Merchants have canse of complaint.
A letter from Kingston, in Jamaica, of November
18, comments with strong, and, if the allegations
are correct, with just indignation on the recent con-
duct of MORALES, the Spanish General, at the
taking of Maracaibo, a port on the Spanish Main,
belonging to the Republic of Colombia. This place
had been fixed on by the foreign Merchants in general,
but particularly the English, as a magazine for the
deposit of goods, suited to the traffic with •the in-
terior, which was expected to be very considerable.
It appears that, at the period of the capture, which
took place early in September, the English Mer-
chants resident in Maracaibo made application to
the Spanish Commander to learn what course of
' proceeding was meditated with respect to them,
and received, through the medium of the Captain
of a British frigate, then in the port, general
assurances that they would not be molested.—
Soon after he was fully established in the possession
of the place, MORALES, whose chief object in the
whole expedition seems to have been plunder, sub-
jected. them to frequent annoyances, and at length,
on some vague pretence or .a violation of his blockade
of the coast by a British merchant vessel, confiscated
and seized upon the. whole of their property, and
ordered them to leave Maracaibo immediately. This
arbitrary command.was carried into effect, and the
greater part of the English. merchants settled there,
or consignee's for mercantile, houses in this country;
with their families, had arrived in Kingston. A warm
remonstrance un this subject will be presented, we
understand, to the British Government ; and we
trust that it will• meet with more attention than the
memorials of British merchants have recently lone.
• While on this strbjea; we may notice that the Eng-
lish, fitru of Beoweand Co. at Valparaiso, have ad.
dressed a. Memotial in behalf of the English mer-
chants to the Government of Chili, remonstrating
against a Decree passed in August last, by which a
considerable alteration was made in the scale of duties
and regulations applicable to foreign trade. The Me-
morial refers to a Decree, dated Sept. 30, 1820, and
published in the Government Gazette of the 9th Octo-
ber following, for regulating free warehouses, and
fixing the duties on foreign merchandise imported.
In this Decree it was declared that no change or
augmentation should be made in She import duties,
or at least should not have effect until after six months
notice, reckoning from the date of the publication of
any new Decree en the subject. Notwithstanding
this declaration, a Decree, dated the 2d of April last,
was published, raising the duty on foreiga liquors
from 36i to .55 per cent. The -merchants were in-
clined to consider this as au unintentional oversight ;
but the memorialists. observe, that they were filled
with alarm when they saw the Decree of the 34,0 f
August last, published in the Ministerial Gazette of
the 7th of that month.

This Decree contained a sudden and total repeal of
the existing laws. It ordered the embarkation of all
the goods then in Valparaiso, or the full payment of
the import duties before the Ist of October. This
decree the merchants could not but consider a breach
of faith. The Memorialists therefore remonstrate
very strongly against it, and point out the injustice,
which is done to individuals who had been induced
to bring their property from England under a reliance
on the protection which the Decree of Sept. 1820,
appeared to afford them. They state, that cargoes of
merchandise often arrive at Valparaiso, which either
are intended to be sent to some other port, of for which
there is at the time no vent in Chili, in consequence of
the mat ket being overstocked. Great hardship must,
therefore, be experienced if the import duties are to
be paid on these cargoes, instead of allowing them
,to be warehoused until a market be found in. Chili,
or;the goods be reshipped for another port.

The Memorial finally states, that the English mer-
chants of Chili had, ib full confidence of receiving
the notice stipulated in tiii.Dcree of the Spzh of Sep.
tember, 180, continued, as usual, to order goods
froinn England, Add thus t—" Undo': this
confidence our rrinnds' in LOndori hniO,.shif•pcd .on
board of various vessels, .liquors ancLodierststiclOsn-
-distreonsigned 'dug; the acriral of Aiitith4resseluat
Vilpaiaitois daily eiftcteti;'we-therciot4"prAy Um;

Tour Excellency will. be pleateslito order the Officers
of the Custom-house of Valpeiaiso to admit the said
liquors • and other goods for the consumption of the
c4untry, under the condition and regulations con-
tidned in the said Decree of September SO, HMO."
' We have received no account nftisetilivision-aftMe:
Government Cbilrisiiitis Fel itirt
if the new.Govectirnents sOiltli AineriaViitelate
be reeegnieetii,bits;roireass Pewee, they must
be guilty of ivcb iflAKoir,* ;On* to have bate
pretties& in thisinstisears h v.. •In ,
• t

Private accounts :from Bright f*
thit his MAJOSTY b*4l* fresh •atiaeli of .the rowel'
Wednesday, attended • .wiib
creased considerably in the course 'of the ftillowiag
day, so much so, indeed, that his MAJESTY was eau;
fined to his bed. Thii circumstance is. Said to have
been very studiously concealed at the Pavilion.•
The Brighton Papers received this .moraing ere
wholly silent on the subject of the Ktxu'sindisposition.

The Baroness HA NSTINe, one of the Ladies in at-
tendance on the Duchess of CLARENcE, has been on
a visit to the Duchess of KENT during the visit of
the Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE to the Kim at
Brighton. The Baroness accompanied Ole Duchess
of KENT to Covent-Garden Theatre on Wednesday
eveninl. On Thursday MOrning the Baroness re.
turne to BashfPark, to meet tbe Duke and Duchess
on their return from Brighton, and wat .honoured
with the company of the Duchess of Kate?. Her
Royal Highness returned to the King's Palace at
Kensington in the evening.
Extract of a letter from Shrewsbury, dated Jan. 9:
'4 An interesting, orrather a novel scene preNented
itself to the inhabitants of Shrewsbury a •few• days
ago. Mr. PELHAM, who has just been returned
Member for the County, was seen arm-in-aim with
Mr. HILL, the Tory Member, and Mr. LLOYD, of
Aston, the Whig candidacy., who declined in favour
of the foriner., As Mr. Psumst has never yet de-
clared publicly his political opinions, some o ill have
it that he is inclined most to Mr. Hem and thetefore
must be a Tory; others conceited that he was most
attentive to Mr. LLOYD, and thereret*:giscbe a
Whig : from such slight circeemstaacektis,commen
politeness was it endeavoured to ascertiiss.dwpoli:.
tical creed of our new Member. The, genus l opit
nion is that his pdlitics are uncertain." ,
We understand that Mr. Bscictibust, vibio, pro
tempore filled the situation Of. VNLVEU Sec,tutwAny of
STAYS at the Foreign-Office, clueing Leird -CLAN.
WILLIAM'S absence at the Congress bF Verona, is to
proceed to India With Lord ‘kitt the pre,
sent we believe LOrdCl.Afittlikte retires to privet
life, the Hon. Mr. Hat., Our. gistiny at Turin, hating
declined to accept .Of the situation
.Whiat has bees
bestowed, on Lordf stA NCIS CONTSGISAM *Whiten
being no appointitent helongingto tfie Foreign DO;
partment, in con-equence of that reftP7al, imatedlatcif
vacant which would suit his Lordship.
The Right Honourable' the Loup MAYOR and tt••
mil y left town yesterday- evening for •South Mimms;
his stay:willbe but short, as on Monday he intent
to rein n. •
bit.lllY-LANE TIIIIATRE•r•MaCbegh was repcatci
last night to a well tilled House, and went off. with
admirable spirit. The united efforts of Tomei) and
Mrs. West called forth frequent and warm "applause.
The Pantomime followed, and it, tricks were gem•
rally successful, and provocative of laughter.
COVENT-GARDEN.—The Opera of Artaxerxes WIN
performed last night at this Theatre, for the second
time this season, when Miss PATON again sustained
the character of lklandatte. She sang with much
spirit and sweetness, and many of her songs were
loudly applauded. After the Opera, the Farce of
London Stars was introduced, in Which YATES gave
many of his imitations in a most excellent manner.
Commit personated the Irishman to life, and kept the
audience in continual laughter. The amusements of
the evening concluded With the Pantomime. nie
House was very well attended.

In a recent number (says the Drapeau Diane/ WO
announced the death of the regicide Monnel. We
have just received a Copy of the recantation which
he made before he expired. This document; which
it is gratifying to us to publish, bears every character ,
of authenticity. The bitter repentance which it ma-
nifests will be a motive of consolation to the friends
of religion and legitimacy :
" The undersigned, S. E. Mennel, Priest, and ler-
metly Curate of Valdelancourt, in the diocess of
Langres, at present at Constance (Switzerland), -deg
dares that he retracts all that he has committed by
example or precept, either in a public or a private
manner, contrary to the Catholic, Apostolic, and Ito.
man Religion, in the pale of which he desires to die;
praying his former parishioners, especially, to par-
don the scandalous actions of which he may have
been gnilty ; heTurther declares, that he is impressed
with the most poignant sorrow, and sincere re.
pentarice, for having voted the death of the King,
!Louis XVI. that he humbly implores Goo, who is
fall of goodness, to judge him, nut in justice but in
mercy, which is infinite, in whom be places all con-
fidence:
pp
Do)t-Apo's liorryins FROM Sr* attention
of the Public as the present crisis, it appears, would
be well bestowed on a careful petusal of these Les-
ters ; " the met it of which," says the Menaly RE'
view, " consists, not merely in given an accurate and
entertaining account of Modern Spanish, I.lk and
!Manners, but they call for our attention is a mos*
important point of view, as exhibiting.a vigorous no
masterly sketch of the moral and yoliticarstate pf
,Spain, previously to its late regenelatinu.; aF the
same, time, affording us such an insight, intq
Spanish Chat acter, as may assist.us in errapinjng 0.0
causes which have led to that great event, Fm A:of
t:Lining the probability of the success.od st4bility,9l
the new system. Prom the Volupie behreusoutm
' belle's instances might be collected of' the shamefo
'and ridiculous tioliwer which TOM
.k."O, the Ptl4esifilr
of the Spanish 'vqrnnOt:'
• . • • • imtnx
.1* tk: triortugg of cdn‘hij sennigpt4.4.
broke out in the felituonAery bUildings,
Mr. as BUrifOtA pt ralbro+ka 1%3141; Aktal
. 4 •• 4 • 'S •
4'tgrealc = 4'T 51019iAr !heti 3-cF9'l'fiffailltPAt
tion orzi stock iousuifia.
7:4

ll_

l,

,• • '
. • • • • - - •
• .
repot of eke, i*h 'Car id York North
of Foot, General T.. 6 ROSVISOA, M.l'. Colonel. consisting of
Hs of. 200 men, will march from Portsmouth on Monday
vP fo.erhatham, where it will arrive ton the 20thinstants to
Test,
„its gaginsent, now arriving from Bombay.
TIIE DECCAFF PRIZE CAUSE.
The Lords of the Treasury assembled again yesterday at the
.prie,iury Chambers, at twelve o'clock, for the purpose of hear-
Init. further arguments of. Counsel in !behalf of the Marquis
iiAortr.s' claim to the Deccan Prize Monty.
Dr. I,UsHlscrosi made a long and elaborate speech in support
of his Noble Client's claim. and c 4-lauded his argument at four
o'clock, when their Lordships adjourned to Monday next, at
teethe o'clock.
itte. Ilaxst•ov. Cloture] for Sr T. Titsr.or, Bart. will corn-
ow his reply on Monday next, and it is supposed that the
Lamed Counsel will occupy two days before he concludes his
reseuent.
pr, jrogra will afterwards follow on the same side, and it is
presumed that the whole of the case will be gone tiirouzh by
pi.,:esday text.
pe Lords of the Treasury will subsequently pronounce their
2dizruent on this most important cause,
The whole amount of the prize-money exceeds three millions!

?he undementinned detachments, under the command of a
over proportion of Officers. have tete Wed orders to march from
'Albany Barrack e, Portsmouth, and Maidstone, to Chatham,
preparatory to their emb.arkatinn at Gravesend, on board the
Fist India Company's ships Ilythe and Windsor, for Bengal, in
order to join their respective Regiments in India:
Ike 11th Light Dragoons, 15 men, and 16th Lancers, 10 men.
frcm Maidstone; the 14th Foot, 70 men, 38th, 50 men, and
44th ‘25 men, from Albany Barracks ; the 59th Foot, 50 men,
,
and 87th, 30 men, from Portsmouth, on the 10th inst.
A detachment of the Provisional Battalion, consisting of•one
(Vain, one Subaltern, twelve Serjeants, and two hundred and
eight Rank and File, has art ived at Gosport from Portsmouth,
to replace the detachment of the 47th, which has marched to
Gothim,prepatatory to its embarking at Gravesend for Bombay.
Friday se'nnight, upwards of 400 men belonging to the lion.
Fait India Company's .Irtillery and Infantry, marched from the
Ordnance Barracks, Brompton, for Gravesend, in order to em-
bark for India.
The 63th Regimein, which is hourly expected to arrive in
Ffiglandarom India, after an abience of nearly 30 years, is or-
dered to be stationed at Chatham.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

• • Ettraet of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, dated Cux-
Ivrea, January 1:—" The llamburgh, light vessel, has been
obliged by the ice to leave her station at the mouth of the Vibe,
and is supposed to have made for the English eosst. Nu ships
have arrived since my last report,- except a Swede, name un-
known.. It blows very hard from the Eastward, and the frost
was never more intense."

V 1111.1116 TIM 90UNTY di, Otill.tW. •
FitOs( VIE .10184111. or WEi/21 ISDAY.
Vrvis o'eteest
This dayt,r a highly respectable Meeting rf No-
bility,
Gen y, and Clergy, took place ithe a
the Court
House, Kilmainham.
At twelve o'clock the IIICH SUERIFF took the
Chair, and briefly stated the object and nature of the
Meeting, which he said was called by a numerous
and highly respectable number of Gentlemen, in or-
der to vote an Address to the Lord Lieutenant, con-
gratulating his Excellency on his escape from the
late oierage. He hoped the fleeting would be con-
ducted with decorum, and an absence of every offen-
sive and irritable topic, so as to preserve harmony
and concord throughout the entire proceedings.
Mr, O'NEAL proposed two Resolutions, the first
stated, with regret, that a disgraceful outrage was
comtnitted upon his Excellency, which was to be de-
precated by all classes, and highly degrading to the
character of the Capital. The second, that from the
printed papers circulated through the house on the
eight of the above outrage, whether it did not afford
sufficient ground of a premeditated attack on his Ex-
cellency's conduct, from the missile weapon thrown,
which, had it succeeded, would have proved fatal
to his Excellency.
Mr. GooLo spoke in favour of the Resolutions.
The Ilion SHERIFF objected to putting theseße-
solutions with the strong words Conspiracy to take
away his Excellency's life." He feared it would be
straying from the Requisition. •
Mr. LUKE WHITE, Mr. LUKE PLUNKETT, and Mr.
ENEAS MAC DONNELL, spoke as to the constitutional
propriety of the High Sheriff's putting the Resolu-
tiOns.— Mr. HAMILTON, jun. opposed ahem.
The Resolution passed, with only three Noes to the
general acclamation.
Counsellor BURNE proposed three Resolutions, se-'
conded by Lord CLoNcunity, which gave rise to• a
lengthened and warm debate. The Learned Gentle-
man was supported by Lord CcoacultßY, Mr. MUL-
LEN, Capt. FOTTEREL, Mr. O'NEIL, Mr. OCONNELL.
The Rev. E. Twit Gneootry warmly supported
the Sheriff in his privilege tq,oppose the passing of
the Resolutions.
Messrs.HUSlrfilllES, MITCHELL, and Evass, sup-
ported Mr. Bonsta's motion.
..•
WHITE, seconded by Baron ROEBUCK,
Isropcfsed that a Committee he formed to frame an
Address to his Excellency, founded upon the Resolu
tions. The following were named for
_this purpose:
Col. White, Baron Roebuck, the HighSberiff, Rev.
Mr. Hamilton, Mr. O'Connell, Lord Clondurry. Luke
White, Mr. serne, George Evans,' and Mr. O'Neil,
who mottled with the Address,. which was read and
agreed 'lb.
Thanks were then voted to Mr. JosixstoN for his
intrepid conduct at the Theatre, on the night of the
outrage. .
Lord CLOD CURRY was moved into the chair, who
stated, that his station this day was different frOttir
their list Meeting (laughter.) He mooed the thanks.
of the Meeting to the Chairman, which. passed,
amidst
,great acclamation.
•
Mr. 0.-Comm.', eulogised the Chairman, and re-
plied to the Rev. Mr. GREGORY in a very humorous
strain.---The Meeting then separated.
The Meeting did not conclude until four o'clock
this evening.
We regret to be obliged to state, that the accounts
from the interior mention that various outrages have
been committed lately by the Whiteboys.
CORK.—Last Sunday morning, between the hours
of one and two o'clock, a numerous body of White-
boys, some of them armed, set on fire a• haggard,
and consumed three stacks of corn and a quantity of
hay, the property of Daniel Sullivan, a Proctor, re-
siding in the parish of Glenville, within eight miles
of Cork. The ruffians then repaired to Sullivan's
house, dragged him out of bed, and swore him not
to proceed on any of the processes which had been
served for the recovery of tithes at the Sessions.
While in the house they loaded five muskets, and
obliged Sullivan's wife to hold a candle for them
during the time. They afterwards went to the house.
of another farmer, named Joyce, where the sup-
posed tithe corn was deposited, and swum him to the
fact. The man's denial alone saved the haggard
from destruction. They took away a horse from
another man, who had it published at the Chapel, in
the neighbourhood, and it was shortly after returned.
Extract of a letter from Kildare Saturday
morning last, between two and three o'clock, A.M. a
patty of armed ruffians attacked Turf Hall, on the
west side of the Curragh, the residence of Robert
Hunter, Esq. They took out a large pane of glass
in the drawing-room window, and by such means
got at the shutters, which they cut with a sharp in-
strument, exactly opposite to the fastening of the
bolt ; but after a fruitless attempt there, they mis-
carried, and did not get in. They then got on the
iron gate, and proceeded on the wall until they made
their way to the side of the roof of the house, and
walked twelve yards along the side thatch, which
they snipped exactly on the granary, over the kitchen
and a 'room where two maid-servants were sleeping
in. A terrier dog, who was below, hearing the noise
of entering, barked so as to awaken the servant-
maids, and, on apprising their master, he rushed out
in his shirt. They got the alarm and were scam-
pering off, when he fired a shot at the robbers, one
of whom screamed dreadfully ; but on Mr. Hunter's
going in to reload, the ruffians all made their escape.
It is worthy of notice that Mr. Hunter had no person
in the house but the two maids, and had "arrived that
evening from Dublin. It is supposed the tobbers ex-
Tected he had money. On Sunday morning, the sth
instant, a party of freebooters attacked and entered
the house of Mr. Kelly, on the road front Me
to Kildare. They took away everything, even
to the shirt he had left 03t to air ; and as they also
carried off the clothes of hit servant, neither of them
could follow the robbers." •

'Sorts mutts went.—The wile, of North Shields, Captain
Smiev, from Pictou to I lull, on the Inth December: a tre-1
znendous sea broke on hoard, and carried away the boats, bul-
warks, mils, Bce. and washed a boy overboard, who was drowned.
—Ship Seine, Captain W. ..Ithrt ACT, from New Fork to Havre,
rat 35 days.
PORTAMOOTH? Sex. E.N.E.—Arrived the Kelso,
Porriscrat, from Charente ; the Scarthingwell, 'MAN, from
virtu; John and William, MACH. from Oporto; Samuel Whit-
bread, Dramas, from ditto; Thomas, Neasots, from Palermo;
and Lord Wellington, BELL, from Quebec.
Earatorm. JANUARY 9.—Wind S.B.—Arrived his Majesty's
schooner Prowess, 12 guns, Lieutenant Event. from Cork for
the West Indies, with foremast sprung. and very leaky ; the Sa-
muel and sarah, CAXPILLL, from Cape Coast in 24 days, for
London; the Antzus, !Coitus, 21 days from Gibraltar; and
the .11ary Ann, from Stotille.
Ptvatotnu, Jay. 9.—Wind S.E.—Orders have been received
st the Dock-yard to re-enter forty shipwtights who had recently
been superannuated. Sixty-three labourers and tour riggers were
discharged on Friday.—The Blume, Capt. Satmotamso, arrived
here on Friday, from Cork, to be paid off*. On her passage up
Channel, a man named lintnev, who was heaving the lead, fell
overboard, and was drowned.--The Foots, 46, Sir THOMAS
COCHRANE, went out of Ilantoaze on Sunday, was paid wages,
and sailed in the evening with sectet orders. It is supposed she
is gone to join Sir E. Owita's aquadron.—The tIolISIA? y 6, Cap-
Tour NICOLAS.? C. B. arrived here yesterday, to be paid off.
The TAATAR, 4'2, Captain T. ilituwx, will go out of harbour in
a few days.—The Fcr, lA, Captain CURZON, has sailed for the
Isle of Man, to bring over Captain Secrueo and the Officer.
and crew of his Majesty's lot: brig ILseznoass.—Arrived, the
Lame, WILLIAMS? from New York for Havre de Grace, 37 days
out; and the Tagus, Lewis, from Lisbon.—The Mary, of this
rrt, was seen to upset off the Positron on Thursday afternoon.
The men belonging to the vessel were observed from the shore
to take to their boat, which shortly after went down, and all
Lands perished.
Dist, Jas. 10.—Wind E.N.E —Came down front the River
last night and sailed, the Tin TM, n ....'_ DIETA, for lii boa ; Lady
Keith, Bovo, for Naples; Jane, Gatosoza, for La Guayra ;
Chance, Foss, for Genoa; and Amy, BLoomman, for Leghorn.
Alm, this afternoon, the Martin, Wages ; Navigator, Lunar 1
lad Willilm, Natant, all for Jamaica; and Harmony,Woooaar.,
It' Demerara.
Ceston-Hoesr, JAN. 10.—Ships Entered Inwards: Thomas,
from the Cape of Good Hope ; from Madras; Bonne
Marlette, from Rouen ; Iris, from Waterford ; Hope and
Alice, from Dublin ; Asia, from St. John's; William Bentley,
tram Quebec ; Hon Successo, from Lisbon ; Missionary, front
Malta ; Levant, from Rotterdam ; Swift, from. Dieppe ; Am-
phitrite, from liavannah ; Liberty, from Messina; Oporto,
front Oporto.—Entered Outwards: Semaphore, for Havre ;
Patience, for the Cape of Good Hope ; Venus, for Dominica;
I.Thry, for Jamaica; Richard Reynolds, for Trieste; Fox, for
Ostend ; Onsiemeeming, (or Antwerp ; Sir Joseph Banks, for
Jamaica; Lady Campbell, for Madras.—Cleared Outwards:
Neptune, for Ostend ; Ntlly, for Venice; Valck, for Antwerp;
Dryad, for Tobago.
HIGH COURT OF ADMIRALTY, JAM:ARV 10,
This was the default day of the last Term.
Dr. D tuttENY presided in the chair of Lord Stowell.
An adjournment was proclaimed of the Sessions of
offer and termtuer, which were appointed to he held.
on the 21st at the Old Bailey, to a more distant day.
Other business (..f mere usual form was then dis-
patched, and the Court Lose; no matter of any
public.intetest having transpired.

We arc sorry to have to record the death of Mr.
the much-respected Vestry-Clerk of St.
Dunstan's, fleet-street, who died at his house in
'Gough ~cuare, on Thursday morning, after an ill-
-lessorthree weeks. A very active canvass has already
coomencedin the Parish, to obtain the vacant office.

•We are sorry to be obliged this week again to m-
ewl another instance of a most flagrant attempt at
ribbery and murder, which took place at Cleifiog
farm, five miles from Holyhead, at the junction of
tile recent new road with the old one. As one Rich-
ard .owen, :in established messenger from the Custom
ilouse.at,Holyhead to the Custom House at Beau-
marls, was .on Wednesday, at about four A. M.,
an his way from the former to the latter Custom
11°14e, with only the usual quarterly accounts, and
ee ptac money, he was twice shot at near Cleificg,
43;e ball hav:itg *iitered his hat, through the side,
41d out at the ciown, and the oilier ball having
razed his left side, but without doing the least per
!Inal injury, other than frightening him to such a
q.egier, that he Wove on at so furious a rate to !Jan•
gini, that hi, horse became much tiled, and be was
co,nplete iiy jouiney on foot. The villain
!'.4vrog ,liscovcred that his shots had no effect, made
escafr..

The Earl of Irnit ESTER and the Min. Mr. STRA NO-
wAT3 sailed from tlowth for Holyhead on Sunday.
The Noble Earl and his brother have.been for ►cme
time in Ireland, on a visit to the Eatl and Countess
of Liztuons, at tl;eir tteautlful peat,. Cpstle Coole,
near Enniskillen. -

7

Cam.
Per
„Iry ,
f: _

SPOIZmo INTEZLIGENCE. .1144FISSION41114:42421SsaiNt
•
• , • *LISTING.. • • On the morning of Tuesday, the 7th inst., about
'4llle,Clieshlre.floottes Mat.= Monday, at liklionClian f three'
o'clock, the neighbourhood of St:-.43eorket-
Wednesday, at Alderleya Yx(clay, at Saterslord Bridge; I•Fur- road, Manchester, was alisrated byithe cries of ,g 4lur-
day, at Withingtoo Green. • I.
Lord Arson's Hounds meet oft Monday, it Slbsonal.. ' • der!" issuing' from a house in Pilling's•buildings, close
The Cottesmore Hounds meet on Monday, at Buileyt Wed-
to Mr. LACY s (the stage coach proprietor) stables.
nesday, at Holyiven; Thursday-, at Preston. • ' On the watchmen and others apploaching• the house,
Lord Yarhoroustes Hounds, meet on Monday., et Gealaebt they were informed that a number of persons had
House; Wednesday, at Gordan! Cross. Lanes Fridav" at 7711nd-.been poisoned ; and on entering they fund two per-
bourirunxtroto:nieiv;NTS..l..tusirdrayiasut Fox
.D 6 atilesou. • d
sons dead, and four others struggling in the armies
Oda meet on Monday, at
Spinal; Tutorial at Scotgrove Wood; Thursday, at Coleby; of death. Medical assistance was procured as soon
Saturday, at Plankney. •as possible, but two of the lingering sufferers died in
it
The Southwold Subscription Fox-
estittOriet on Tuesday, atshort a time. The remaining two it is expected
Thornton; Thursday, at Stainsby; Sltt May, at Revesby.
Earl Fitzwilliam's For hounds Meet on Monday, at Sutton recover, though they ate now in a very languisbin
Wood ; Tuesday, at Alversley Wood ; Thursday, at Stanwick state, from the effects of the poison. The inmates of
I'uture; Saturday, at Leighton Gorse. the house were a man, his wife, and their son; w.th
The Warwickshire Fox-bounds meet on Monday, at Farn-
a young man and three women lodge's. The poison
linroufh House; Tuesday, at Friz Thursday, at Which-
ford %Wage; Saturday, at Alverton Pastures. is supposed to have been mixed with the .water used
Wednesday, during the diversion with the Brighton harriers, for culinary purposes, as all who partook of the water
which threw off on the Race Down, a fatal accident occurred experienced its effects. One lodger only was well,
to a portion of the pack. One hare, hardly pressed, had made female) and she is now in custody • • • of
on suspicion
for the margin of the cliff, and then suddenly turned, but not .
until four of the best dogs, eager for victory, had overshot their , administered the deadly
object, and were precipitated to the beach: the depth was fright- Jury would sit upon the bodies or Widnest!an wheys
ful—every dog perished. further particulars would mn,t probably be &tote&
Mr. Barry, the celebrated &mins, whilst enjoying the sports When our account left Manchester, the origin of this
of the field a short time ago, in the vicinity of Wem, had a 10. . .
rioui fall, and unfortunately dislocated his shoulder ! king business was involved in mystery.
SHOOTING.
The Earl of Slimmer, accompanied by a friend, Mr. Mims?,
of ,Lynford Hall, Norfolk, killed at Castle Martyr, in Ireland,
210 woodvicks in six days; and in three days following, 150
snipe were knocked Joan.
Wednesday Sir Rowe/ HARLAND, Bart. had a shooting party
at Holbrook Park. The return of the day's sport was 69 phea-
sants, nine woodcocks, and 36 hares.
The following is an account of game killed in three days, upon
the lion. Mr. l'inaiam's estate, at Manby, near Brigg in Lin-
colnshire :-257 pheasauts, two partridges, 22 woodcocks, 175
hares, and 21 rabbits.
A paragraph inserted lately in many Papers, stating that Mr.
Mc, r tits, solicitor, of Wootton Basset, had killed 160 starling.
at one shot, is incorrect. The fact is, some one has
" shooting tedls the song-bow !"
MELANCHOLY ACCIDENTS FROM THE INCAtr
TIOUS USE OF FOWLING-PIECES.
Wednesday sennight, as Mr. &mums, of Ambrostien, Oz.
fordshire, game-keeper to Sir Gawcniv PAGE. Tintaxii, was out
rabbit-ihooting with his second sun, in getting through a hedge,
with his gun under his arm, the trigger caught in one of the
brandies, which caused the gun instantly to go off, and the whole
contents were lodged in the youth's head, and killed him.
Thursday died, at Turn-Chapel, Plymouth, Master Saves'
son Of Captain SAVOR, of the Royal Navy. His death was oc-
casioned by the accidental discharge of his fowling-piece, while
on a shooting e'xcurslon. His remains were yesterday conveyed
to the family burying-ground in Stoke church-yard, followed by
a great number of his school-mates and other young frieutio, who
felt most deeply affected on the melancholy occasion.
POACHING.
Tlse poachers who ill-treated the game-keepers of the Duke
of 4*Clit..lllSt, a short time since, are all in custody, and will
take their trials at the next Aylesbury Sessions. Tboin who
took French leave of the Constable, on their way to Aylesbury
jail, have been retaken and secured.
' Oat the night of the 23d ult. JAMES Jestimms, the Game-keeper
to the Earl Ilows, with two assistants were going their founds,
lo the woods adjoining his Lordship's residence at Gopsall-Bell,
to look after poachers, as the discharge of two or three guns had
been beard during the evening, when they fell in with a gang of
five, all armed with fowling pieces; one of them had four phea-
sants slung across his shoulder. The game-keeper, JIiNNINGS,
called out to them to surrender—they refused—he sprang for-
ward, and with the butt end of his gun knocked one of them
'down. The two assistants now came up, and a very hard-fight
ensued, each party using the butt end of their guns: The keepers
had the hest of it, and the poachers were übliged to make off,
evidently much punished; the keepers hid also received several
severe contusions, especially Jeasuses; he was terribly beaten
about the head, and is not yet able to leave his bed. Information
of this outrage being transmitted to Sir Menials Blanca. Chief
Magistrate at flow-street, Bishop, one of the principal officers,
was sent down, to endeavour to trace Out and apprehend
the
offender 3; and after a great deal of trouble and exertion, he suc-
ceeded in taking into custody the following persons :—Janadaand
James Walker, two brothers, living at Parkington, about 10 mile.;
from Gopsall; Robert Goose', a frame smith, living at Ashby-
de-la-Zouch; Joseph Cooky, his brother, at Nottingham; and
Joseph Ray, a carpenter in the neighbourhood of Gopsall; who
were all identified by the keepers. The prisoners underwent an
examination before the 114 V. JOHN lkocoex, Clerk, at Ashby-de-
la-Zuuch, whets it was thought advisable to admit lioby as an
evidence against the others, who wefe committed to Leicester
jail to take their trials at the ensuing Sessions.

A fatal accident occurred last Sunday afternoon,
at Stamford, to a boy about nine years of age, the
son of William Olphin, a carrier. He had lett home
as usual, to attend the school at Star-lane Chapel;
and, although he did not return imtr.eii itcly after
his dismisr.al thence, it was supposed l!e was engaged
with some companions. Towards the clove of the
afternoon, his father found his cart (which he had

left laden; and supported in the customary manner
by two small poles fastened under the shafts) had been
pulled backwards. He requested a neighbour who
was passing, to assist him in restoring it to its equi-
librium. On beginning
'to raise it, the person assist-
ing Olphin saw the boy, and said, a child was under

the cart, when his father, in a paroxysm of grief, im-
mediately exclaimed "My boy is kifled r It appears
that the "little fellow was swinging himself by I:is
hands at the tail of the cart, which being laden in
such a manner, that a small additional weight,either
behind or in front, would bear it down, fell upon
him, • and instantaneously crushed him to death.
WESTMINSTER SESSIONS, JAN. 10.—Captain Te -
but, who was yesterday four's.' guilty of ::s aulting
Mr. George Kent, in the Has m irket Theat r, was
setrenced to pay a fine of f.:'2o to the King.
Mr.Go/ding, landlord of the Pav iors'Ar ms,Nlarsham-
street, Westminster, was indicted for n,saulting -J.
Driskall. The prosecutor stated, that he was a stone-
mason, and went with three others to the prisoner's

house, where they had three pots of beer. Prisoner
wanted diem to have another, which he declined, and

a dispute arose, when he struck him several violent
blows, one of which knocked out one of his eyes.
His testimony was confirmed by four witnesses, who
added,' that.they believed the prisoner would have
murdered the man had they not taken him away‘ .
The Jury instantly found him Guilty, and the
Court fined him £2O to the King. •
War. Essington stood indicted for assaulting Sift..
Haywood. The prosecutor said, he resided in Exeter-
street; Chelsea, and on the evening of the 27th of
October, he was coming through the Willow-walk,
when he met the defendant, and inquired of him for
the house of a Mr. Baker; but, instead of replying,
he knocked him down with a bludgeon, beat and
kicked him severely, and left him weltering in his
blood ; and soon after he missed his seals and watch-
chain, and seven half crowns. The watchman came
up, and he related to him what had happened; upon •
which the defendant was pursued and taken in
Stretton•ground.
Three witnesses were' called, who gave their testis
mony in favour of the prosecutor.
Mr. MILLAR, Clerk at the Police Office, Queen-
square, read the depositions of the prosecutor and his
witnesses before the Magistrates, by which it ap-
peared that the defendant was charged with robbery
and presenting a r ist o 1 at the prosecutor, and that he
was in company with three others at the time.
Mr. A,DOLPHUS dwelt strongly upon this accusa•
tion, and after a great length of argument, the Jury
found a verdict of—Not Guilty.
Roams. OT ISIS MAJESTY'S AIINT.--170011SHINSTIEST.—Yes.
terday Samuel Mariam was finally examined, charged with hav-
ing received stolen gold from his Majesty's Mint.
K Erith, a baker, in Little Sorrey.street, Fllackfriars-road,
said, on the lit of November last, Marlow asked him minter.
duce him to a Jew, whose name need not be mentionedt saying,
he had got a mouth at the Mint, who had brought out blank so-
vereigns, and he thought this roan was likely to buy them.
Erith agreed to introduce him, and the next afternoon Marlow
,hewed him a blank for a sovereign, and added he bad got 48
of the same sort. They then went to the Jew's home, and wit-
ness said, " I have a friend here," and Marlow Immediately
produced 49 gold blanks, and rave them to the Jew', who-mid,
if they did come out of the Mint, be did not wish to know roore
about it, and took a half score, saying he would go and try them.
Ile relented in about a quarter of an hour, saying they *ere aft
right, and asked Marlow what be wanted for them? He re-
plied A'3o. The Jew said be would give £lll. Marlow said,
" I have had 10,. 6d. a piece given by little D—" (meaning
a person whom the Jew knew). The Jew then offered Xl9,
and at length £2l, to which Marlow agreed, and received for
the 49 blanks 21 &overripe, and witness received los. for his
trouble.
It was proved by Mr. Finch, jun. one of the Moneyers, that
on the 2d of Novernbir there was a loss of 12 ounces.of gold;
which corresponded in weight with AO blaaks.—The prisoner
was then fully committed.
MAXIS Powee•--Yesterday Mari/de scat, a young woman
of humble appearance, but whose ntannors sad address proved
that she had seen better days, was examined on suspicion of
having stolen eleven sovereigns.' She was taken to the watch-
home a few nights since, for being concerned in a nocturnal
broil, and on searching her, the sovereigns were found upon- bier,
one of them In her hair. She was then detained, and enquiry
has since been made, but no person has• come forward to claim
them.
The MAEirf SATZ pronged sending her to the
She then asked what was cabernet:le of tbe zllZery taken from
her r, e non ?—She was told it would go to the County.
The poor woman, under evident emotion; then addressed his
Worship in nearly the fallowing wads: 1
~
. "Am I, Sirl to be kept on bread and water, and to bard la-
bour, for nothing—Or for that wide* weressity•only hos Moho
Me into? I have not coministed.a robbseno POW is there ocoen
there be a tittle of evidence to 'hew it. The necssshtfes of my
slwation were brought upon- Me, Sit, by likening toolittentitely
to your sex; and, eofortetnately, now perceise•A shall Dug
only suffer privation and distress, but imprisonment, tor perseive
a path of ilk in which females lose ill confide*, aid wspoct.e.
I again repeat, that-.I attained the stospreiVtallteneogrj
treat you, rather than send me to hard labeler for three montbs,
to let use go back for a week to dinCtill
endeavour to bring forward- from whom I obsoleted
amen., sod convince you, Sir, ,tiffeill Imo, Iboe ant she
thief you suppose me to s
The bligistrate listene4olll/11110 111010110.1011 g
.
ned with her request. ,
• • • •

PSALMODY EXTRAORDINARY!
Sunday last a very handsome Silver Cup was sung for at War-
minster, when the Frome party, Messrs. STOCKS, Smarnran,
and iluwzzt., bore away the prize in triumph, no persons at-
tempting to sing against them.

A country woman lately died in a village, in Fin-
land, at the age of 115 years. In her whole life she
bad never been ill but once.

Yesterday the Serpentine River was covered with'
one transparent sheet of ice, except on the north side,
which still remained free, from the turn of the road,
we3E, to the boundary of the river, east. The skaiters
were princilally confined to the end next Kensington
.Gardens, but the ice bore on several other parts.
The recent thaw and rain subsequently filled up all
the cracks in the old ice, which had acquired a
strength surpassing what it formerly possessed.
Sunday night, as the Birmingham and Bristol Mail
was approaching Droitwich, the coachman mistook
the road down Rashwoocl-hill, in consequence of the
denseness of the fog, and drove off the road; he was
precipitated from the box, but not materially hurt;
the horses proceeded for a short distance, when the
Mail was upset; as it was falling Lieut. Folliott, of
the 88th regiment, who was inside, owing to the
pressure of his fellow-passenger, bad his hand forced
out of the window, and the coach falling upon it,
it was lacerated in a dreadful manner ; surgical
assistance was procured at Di oitwich, and immediate
amputation was found neces,ary. The other pas-
sengers were not hurt, and the guard escaped with
some slight bruises.
The Macclesfield coach, called the True Briton,
on its way to Manchester, on Tuesday, in conse-
quence of the rim of one of the *heels coming off,
broke down within a few miles of Manchester, when
two persons were killed upon the spot, and several
others received serious injury.
Sunday, the body of George Nutted, of the Bo-
rough of bloath, was found downed at the bottom
of n dipping-v,ell in his own garden, into which he
had fallen accidentally.
Early yesterday morning the workshops of Mr.
Joi•ph Tyler, of Hayes, Middlesex, harness maker,
wese broken into, and a quantity of whips, thongs,
c leather, and as variety of otheriimplements of
;Fmk., were taken therefrom.
On the eyening of Friday se'nnighf, a sentry' 'tin
duty at the Ordnance Yard, at. Chatham, broke open
one of the offices, and took from off a desk of a tlerk,
five pounds. l'he robbery wasclisocirered AIM morn-
, irtg, biit.the depredator bad defier*. . .

•

1

TEIE ADIEU._ :_..

••••••...,.'n

~`~
-,

Islet sae, 0, clinam forget!
I— Übe eye should ise'er light an thee motto
0► *A I tills* of the hour thitt we met,
•

. a.
'

Whir; wirgallocu and forties bare spread thelrwita_illss,
Visit lasalt*Cssipiiiii try ;
Witco Pleasure; alive% pejliplir Sappiness wigs,.
;$ *j
whop the world all amp& irtligl gay ; :

• .91110 Oi liana &net me, 0, Mask forget'.
!ors*e, in chi weal or tbt woe,
'4l ' "Me kin or remembrance never shall set,
k alga follow wherever you go ! •

ANECDOTES oF GENTLEIgENT DRESSES.

----This passion for novelty, particularly in the ar-
ticle of dress, seems for ages to have been a predo•
irnininst feature in the English charaotir, and With
a,bm esciPtion of our neighbours the French, may be
'said to be almost peculiar to' it. Most 'of our early
. • Vrriters.mate some allusions to it in their works, and
AndieiC I3orde, in a satirical tract published by
,••jklip.itikthe reign of Henry VIII. to shew the then ex-
' cessnflhe folly has prefixed, in a rude wood•cut, the
fignre'cif a naked Englishman with a piece of cloth
and ipairdcif shears, debating on the fashion he shall
hls'elothei made in.
•aThe party-coloured coat," says the author of a
TO;itise on Ores% published in 1761, was first worn
A England in the time of Henry I. Chaplets, or
.. L. weevils of artificial flowers, in the time of Edward
MI. hoods and short coats without sleeves, called
tabarts, in the time of Henry IV. hats in the time of
-2Heisry VII. ruffs in the reign of Edward VI. and
.. wrought caps and bonnets in the time of Queen El 4
. sabeth ; Judge Finch introduced the band in the
reign of James I. French hoods, bibi, and gorgets4
were discontinued by the Queen of Charles I. the
commode, or tower, was introduced in the year 1687
• shoes of the their fashion, in 1833 ; breechel instead
of trunk hose, in 1631 ; and perukes,:were. fir# worn
. : after the Restoration. • ..-. •.:
. Dress changed almost insensibly. from formality
to ear*. This was effected merely by altering the.
cut of the clothes; the materials are the same as
they, were a hundred years ago; the colours, how-
ever, are more grave. Instead of " Claret•colouredi
. clothes, Pornitadours, light blue, with silver buttbnii
holes," Ste. deep bloc, dark benwns, inixliiresi and
. blacks, are now worn by the.sedate.and the gay, the
, young and the•old. In point.of shape) therels, and
always will be, a continual variation. The hat has
• as many different 'forms and denominations is it had
in the times we have been speaking of, though, not'
.of the same kind. The modern neckcloth shinald
. he omitted, esrecially as it has been more ridiculed
than other parts of the male dress. It is etiotilifi to
say, thou/el:some. have considerably reformed it in
• this. partrealleziallat it. has been compared to a towel
tied under the chin.

.
An adyerti,Vm. e#l,;" fa. 1708. gives a whole-length
..portrait of a youth in middle life. Such a figure
.4would attract much wonder in the streets;of-Locidon
Ott present.—" He is of a fair t Oinplerion;lighf brown
.lank hair, having on a dark. brot:li fiiesie coat. sk.lll-1
• ble breasted on each side; with* Rack .buttons and
buttaa-Moles dreggiseiministoriat, -Ad .Aag
&etcher, striped with striper, and • Mack sack-
ings." • • • •-• , .
• The'ridictireinie'fon.g. **dry tr.
.
'pensive. wise
was adverit%ed as -stollen that. year,
.said tb bets/limb-five gsniinests.-111s;:however; was
tiifie ; for Drum, er's lair wig," in the Tiffter,"iost
vvforty gnirien,:." But, lestl'it thinild be iu:ppAsed
that the genaemen only wereerpeniive in decorating
"the head; take the prices from the LateCliattrhey on
'Ludgate-hill :—.. One • BruiSell Head, at 40/. one
'Ground Brnssels 11,cad, it 801: one lobped Brussels
lleactv •30/." maintained their 'ground,
ihisagh tint so .enotnimisly large, in-1720; at which
period whitehair frit them was all the fashion, :Ind
bore a monstrous' !mice. They were still'a more im-
portant article-of dress in 1734; but the favourite
colour had then changed—those of " right g-rey hu'
w=ere four guineas each ; light grizzle ties'
three guineas; right grey human hair "cue perukes,"
from two guineas to fifteen shillings each, which was
the price of dark ones; and right Are:- bob perukes,
from two guineas and a half_ to fifteen shillings; the
price only of dank bobs;.those mixed with horSe
haix were much lower. • -It will be observed, horn- thc
gradations in price, that right grey hair wasmost in
Value, and dirk hair of no estimation. •
ladyi corresponding-with her.frisard,.wlriosssi-
caliy riesiribes the dress of the bbx-lobby loungers of
1738 'from which it be seen, whatever vie may
think Of..thera, that Oui aucctitors were by. no means
behind hand With as in folly. " Some of them," she
says," Wore those laosetind of great coats which the
vulgar called 1 wrap-rascals iith gold-lateti hats
slouched, in humble imitation of coachmen ; others
aspired at being grooms, and had dirty boots and
spurs, with black taps-on, and long *hips and a
third' sort *ore light scanty frac ks, little shabby hats,
pin on one side, aid clubs•in their hands."
•The Lowden Chronicle for 1769, enumerates the
following amides of male ettire,in which it indulges
several witty remarks. Of hats; there were; the Kt-
venbuiler ; the sailors, described as usifaisily Licked
clown to .the crown, and latighablyiaid to-look as if
they carried a triangtilar apple pasty upon their heads;
the Quaker's hat, which is said to 'spread over their
head; like a pent-house, darkened the outward 'man,,
to-signify they have the inward light. Some are de-
scribed as wearing their hats (with _the corner that
giotild crane over their foreheads in a direct line)
Whited 'in- tlie..air. ',These were called "Gawkiest'
Others are said tenet half covet their heads, but be-
int din beavetand eTebrows,to *epos* a piedeof blank
farehessit that looks lite a sandy road in a surveyor*:
phis. •13f them use, are satirized, among
.odietst "..tbe.'prentice minor bob, or bah. cap ; the
**a's. fisaday buckle, or bob major; the spathe.,
physical and chirurgical tie; the
thei.blOod'iacull covering. and the Johnl
* white and all white, in little Ougs IiICR a
spn a lainlVA bank. , This: last ;stile species
~4 :j tow frequently worn by a Getitlestalis
000 d• .
..63.14 a

I,LAW.DITALLIGENCE•
• r'fr COURT OF JANUARY 10.
clzflt antralasci• ' turns ruitleltea
-1 • AND. z.iirtie
hforaianne. hood that the Lord ChincAlkit
meld give final judgment on this Petition, vaicii
,hadieien s
iga.4• Logic eiVonitiekiii.of the
Hospital, and prayed that be foe 4tieDepitp.usighr
be allowed -so awns* s COltikiliablo sum
_of Java
prize-money drawn From Hospital by the bank-
rupts. His seinen fsr negintribegfcurt was on ac-
count of the beans* heist- prism
while their certilicate,was
. The LORD CHAMOLL•i;O/11/11.4/iiiiisioti that the
'Hospital must be alloweEmegleieeitise debt, and the
boticrupts most hit again to examination
before the agent of the Hospital upon that point. It
was his Lordship's opinien,(eaewessed in consequence
of the suggestion of 43nunsel). that the Petitioner
himself must Wive the debt.
Mr. MosteAcluz inquired if the Court would not
at the same time.order .the. discharge of the bankrupts,
who were detalbed in custody?
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that their best course
would be to apply themselves instantly to the exami-
nation now ordered, after which they would be at
liberty to renew their application to the Court for
the certificate.
EX-PARTE. WILLIAMS IN RE DAVID AND OTHERS.
Mr. AiONTAGUE stated this to be a case of some
difficulty. There were two firms in the same neigh-
bourhood in Wales—one of Williams, Pearce, and
others, woolstapters, who had become bankrupts, and
owed to the other firm of David, Williams, and
others, bankers, the sum of 5,0001. It had been well
observed by the Court (in ex-parte Vere) that com-
positions were neither more nor less than private
bankruptcies, partaking of all :the inconveniences of
',public ones, by which it was generally sought to call
in new creditors to undertake the burdens of the old.l
.1a the -present ease, supposing himself to have been;
consulted as to the best way of securing the bankersi
interest, he would advise him as follows: "Get the
man who owes you the money to buy all theletio
he can pnrchase, and make it over to you is batter
then sweep away all the remaining effects by esecu,
tions, so that there shall be no property .left on, i*
estate to litigate your right to the wool."
The Loan Cumicxt.Loit hoped that tiler • ,
nobody in. Court who Wanted instructions iO„4.
best way of fleecing their neighbours.. - • •
Mr. MOTTAGUE said, that it was not tOtigati
tell the Court 'how he came b 7 the partieutaiti. belt'
it would be seen Iniw!the.•tunsactions agreed with;
.hiit:description. 'Lite iu'the yearof the baniertriitcry
the Petitioner and one of the bankettpts arrived in
'toVililOgetliei from Wales. The Witir,kult2
'Fitaiases wool. whick on vial oceiksion.wereislia-
f!"o4:4lY Q
t=ioWareil to the Petitioner. . dente
rtchase and transfer were on the day
,iti • wlikh. the
aerof. bankruptcy was committed, and the parlieis
.‘Ol9 ilia resided at_ tile same hotel during their sta •
returned to Wales. The Petitioner levied execne •
on the rentaitiing effects shortly after they got liome,.
and **Me thus.possessed of the w-hole estate. Tlje
other creditors, however, interfered, and a commit-
. sion was sued cnit. The Petitioner procured himself
to be named chief assignee, and the other twe were
of his own election. 4t creditor, named
petitirinea for their removal ; and theieupsits..atose
three quessioes--first, if .here was not airanduknt

preferesseUof creditor; ? secondly, whowas.the right
owner if the wool; sieering;that the samples only were
delivered **ries-elk eT.biiikrupedy was contmit7
tetirshougis the *ask was afterwsuils regularly deli!
vered to the ihanlerape; and by him to the assignee ?
itaniacrioni were-net altbgether void
from the fore-knowledge of thep;krties agteeably to
thtstatates of :babkroptiy? the ViaesCisancellor,
feeliag the difficulty of .these questions, ,had directed
an issue to try if the present Petitioner win entitled
to avail himself of his•knowledge bf the bankrupt's
affairs to' get himself appointed assignee.—. Either the
'nuclei Wad been too loosely draWof or the conditions
Were nbt satisfactory, one of which reasons bad ori-
ginated the present appeal. His (:%lr, Montague's)
motion was to have the assignees set aside, because
their interest from first to last was opposed to that of
the general body of.cieditors.
Mr. !Usti, in iupport,.of
.the Petition, sought to
have the commission ,Th 4 cyder loss,in-
correctly'dra*n, 'and was uniat4fadail to hii
and therefcre he had to antiVe the Gaud .roe a more
perfect one, with a view to determining the right of
property in the Petitioner to the wool. He ..appri-
headed, that whatever w4u the nature of the commis-
sion, his' Loraship-WhOld • siallellt Inutertnke to dl's=
turf; it under this motion, because that might mate-
rially affect the interests of the Creditors, who,, front
anything in the proceedings, had not shewn the
slightest dislike to the present assignees.
The LORD CHANCELLOR thought that Williams
should' never .have been appointed assignee. As
to the suggestion just thrown oat respecting the
jurisdiction of the Court, the appeal. had left it open
to him to do as be would, supposing the business
originally brought before him. He desired that the
proceedings under the commission Might be brought
into Court to-morrOw morning. If after looking over
them he should remain of his present opinion, the ap-
pointment of the present assignees men be set aside,
because Mr. Williams, as an astignee, was bound to
give all the information in-his power to the creditors,
even •ire . those cases *here it Would •ntsittlrebtly go
against his own interest.
COURT OP ICING% GUSSialiri• YR' •
• onsunbisneik smoißts.., , •• •
176 s was an action brought if
_Mfr. Chiallimi.
surviving partneri:if-die firm 01. Wteh and Chambers,
bankersi on -a' guarantee *by the, derclith*C'Dtctot
HlOper, for the payment of OW for 4.11300, by a
persliti named Hamer. •;. z
• It appeared inevideoce that Mr: Hatpur, *bo was
tbe4on-in4aw of tbe defendant, ?laden account with
Messrs. Birch and Chambers, and was personally ad-
giseinted With Mlr. Birch. 'They permitted him to
overdraw his fondue the extent of 02000, rlOOO of
which was paid of,•aad the residde was td be secured
0 by bill. •To thri bill they wished tohmre Dr. Hooper's
name ; but he wrote to theta, statiog, that- d bud
made weeks* • • never-resign any bill or ,
note, but had no to 'pimento* the payment '
of the tower% abrintathi. Hamar tbosM be as
'able tam iti*die **Won 41461 it
the sizamoothe shit Hisporliati attne,cash teethe
•

the
would

.I:2r

*4

I son.

An action was then • C'onsnienced SOW 1114kPla by
the Bankers, and they, without consulting Doctor
Hooper, toot a warrant .01.- attorney from Ilarpur,
lay which they were entitled to tithe out exectition at
'in earlier period than if the mute had proceti.nhi. In
the interval, Harpur hid at various tines balance's in
the hands of Messrs: Birch and Chambers, and at
one time had cash deposited iirth -them to the amount
of the sum of £l2OO. •
Upon this evidence, Mr. MAnnyar, for the de-
fendant, contended his client was not liable en the gua-
rantee ; first, because the Bankers were bound to
apply the money in their hands to the satisfaction of
their claim ; and secondly, because they had given
I indulgence to the principal, without the concurrence
of the surety.
Mr. SCARLET?, in reply to the first ground of de-
fence, argued that the debt, at the expiration of the
six months, became absolutely the debt of Dr. Hooper,
and that no funds of Ilarpur were thenceforth appli-
cable to its discharge ; and in . reply to the second,
that as no time was given, the arrangement was really
for the surety's benefit.'
The LORD CIIIFF JUSTICE said, that the question
which he should leave to the consider nionof theditry
was, whether the Bankers had so-acted as to give.
Dr. Hooper reasonable grotind to suppose that•they,
did not hold him liable? because, if so, he was clearly•
of opinion that they had discharged him. It was truel,
that the warrant of attorney put an earlier terminai
tion to the suit than it might have otherwise. reached 4
hut the surety had a right to expect that the creditor
should not voluntarily suspend his pawet -of arrest-
ing the principal, at any moment when the surety
might requite the pressure of the law to be exerted.
Mr. SCARLETT then said, that his client was quite
satisfied with the opinion of his Lordship, having)
brought all the bearings of the case before him, andl
,would now submit to. be nonsuited.—The
was aecotdingly Nonsated.

OW&N P. MARSHALL.
• This actiOn was brought to recover a.halance al-1
leged to. be due to the plaintiff for lamps and de-
'Ekes famished for an illumination on the Coronation
q( his Majesty. The defendant pleaded a tender o
81. I ls. ffd. parcel of the demand, and denied his..ha
.bility to pay the residue.
It appeared that the defendant, who is as attorney,
residing at Kettering, and the Under4heriff of the
-unly,of.Northampton, ,being desirous, of malting
t splendid d'easonstration of loyalty on the. ight , .
the Coronation, called' at the shop of Mt. Owen,
looked at a.Crown and letters, and afterwardi •gave
eiders for the wordsl6 George IV:" to besenticilims,
risk a- large Cf 011111; and thirty doaen of lamps+osidy
inilighting . with eib. .4'ffe lam* *ere -iceoieinkl,y,
I sent, hot thertee*pieeziettirped, and. gs..l4l,yen
charged To(., theth flisussAfr ISt to h;re 16r Abe -occa- I
.ion,. and the for rikehr wslowas if midi snaking io
..he whole a nharge of 18s. perdoiersbesides the OR
and, devices. Ile did. not thew that-thileriginal con-
tract was fer hire. and not for putOtbte;
.lintels. this
inference Might be drawn• from a list' phich he sent
with the 41 title. , . Witnesses .were..called an hishe..`':
half to prove 'that the mode in which he char
according to-the nage of the trade.:. The de
had adeanced 1.0/.:. and tendered 86 Ila.6d.;saisich
hi had paid into
,Coort; •bu! the Pla44l.ll67tiefeikir'
according to-his rate olcha.rge•' amotintediir 0
• • ,
•• ar• 3 ! ...} •
81. beyond this sum. . .. - .. . ,
_•.,,.,
For the defendant, J..ines tirlciti was called, who
fixed the price of lamps prepared for illumination's at
Els. per dozen ; and Mr. Randall, of the film itlif
Matthews and Randall, Agents for the defendant;
pioved that the plaintiff had expressed his willing-
ness to take 181. 1 15.6 d." in addition to what he had
already received, in satisfaction of his claim. ' '
'' Mr. SCA aLkir, in his reply, observed, that the de-
fendant, like others of the present day, was willing to.
let lis.loyalty shine forth. at the expense of others;
' but when the day of reckoning came, like them; iSe
was unwilling to pay the costs of biz' enthusiasm;,.. t .
The Lone CIII 17 3 DSOrIC 6 left. the Jury Ift, ogy
whether 181. lls. 6d.- was or was.* asulacient sow.
pensation for the lamps Under all the; circumstances
berme them? . .
The Jury found a verdict for the defendant.4,l ?...,
~ •
• ~, .AISAAJFIAMII D. CD014116 ' . '•'•t•
This was an action (or. slanderousv(9rd'; imiiiiing
theft to the plaintiff. The wards in qiimrnid .were
used at the AUction-rootinr.at Mr. Phillips, sit Peed-
street, in the 111 Clint of May laiti... On that occasion,
a dispute arose between the.palies,
.who are &likes
in old plats., when ttidefeiiifsast said tO the Ph.ialtig;
" Yiitt are p,:coritmon 4/44.: 134.4 pit doivn 1p
pounds to / MarAv,e poinds.,.,44:te Eor,tedg. if l do
not prove you a common thee; and if fflop yogi Bv4
pounds will hi forfeited,' for yoryrObbed' Mr; Japp.
and I Wilt pildteit,74With Other pp prohrient words.—
The defendani;,in,inatifftitiOnorpert of tbe,words,
pleaded, that
_the plaintiff did steal a picture giro*
Mr. Japp, and tbe4gretal issue to the residne;.. 1 ,
On the croirreiann nation of' the plaintiff's li/ilea:es
it appearedp that much alteratio.n, took_iitace atthe
time, and
.thailtbri Parties 'weeny. L• id each, iby
way of wager, en . the pnestion of . the guilt or lona'
tenet a the. plaintiff. And An Ir. 0.04154- 41 i
in the hands of the.stale-664W, 1., ~ .T.,,,--, 'ow ,I.; i
The LORD
.Clilier jilaioll sourpoid, slat sad, he
It iOnght the Plaintiff, could not veceeettatees 4*e f
shilling damageS If the pare yes Ant F.onaent to
I put a • -the
dd • .

EAST INDIA lllltTliksl4R‘L/AroltS, AND DEATHS,
(raw( ram nallitatereiPiosuor 6, 1E22).
M A DINAS-Biltrtit
July 25, at Odom, tbelAsly of_.Clatatle Conk, Ka+ Sur.--
of a daughter. • '
July 16, at Tramptabark Mrs. M. C. Penman, of a son.
July 22, at Daiwa,, the Lady of toptOo Matthews, lAA
Regiment IfirpNat4guevo Infseaotiikrys. •
. Vikram;ln dir
..;Yeaberdl/411 <lLWeVirego vßiwy4aAines Cbeop,:p.,l.o
dia Madras Ciy)l setllal, it Canallin Matilda, maid daughta
ii Daniel Neold,samil et Oar&
'stair 1101... 41.11010•3111141Aes. G. Speracimeider, to meg
gobilipteaorgiadlraref D. Kauko: Ka+
DRAB ElßATEliktr- -
Aug. it, tlsi . Nicholson, of the Labia Iliesiremetge.
deg, aged tflyaurs; of tie sopedilleibiallei:- After ittllniag
acutely for the apace of sin hews, Mamie* isseserli shkerobt.
anticipating Heaven, the ratthased profession of Camar's set:
rants. A widow and two infant children survive,
loss' only known is its aggravation to that'! who Mne legit
brought into similar dretunstanees.
Wednesday, Eliza, the wife of A. Flower, lZsZ:'
July 92, Lquisa, wife of J. Smart. M.D. Garrison Serge*
aged g 4 years.
BENGAL BIRTHS.
June 8, the wife of Mr. James 'Licks of the HolLCompany's
Marine, of twins.
June .10, the Lady of Capt. H. B. -Pridham, of a daughter.
July 1, at the residence of Major-general Sir W. Toone,
K.C. B. Commanding at Dinapore, the Lady of Lieut. Mulketo.
oLbis Majesty's 11th Light I.goons, of a son.
July 1, the Lady of Lieut. Ware, of his Majesty's lith.Aei.
ment, of a daughter. . . '• •

July 13, Ns& sdward De Cruz, of a son.
• BENGAL MARRIAGES.
July I, at St. John's Cathedral, Charles Knowles &blue;
EA. to Miss Elizabeth Carr.
Sams day, • Mr. Contl.uttor Sylvester, to Mrs. Mary Aaa
Towers, widow of the late Mr. Conductor Towers.
July 12, Mr. John Fenwiek, to Miss Bella Marchand.
- BOMBAY BIRTHS.
At Beilary, bo the 26th ult. the Lady Of Etttlgn Warrirroa,
of his Majesty's 67th Regiment, of a son.
At Dappuolie, on the Sth inst. the Lady of Lieutenant and
Adjutant Worthy, of a son. .
At Surat, on the 2th inst. the Lady of John !turner, in. of a
'daughter. •
BOMBAY AIARRIAGE.

July 18, at St. Thoeutes Church, lieutenant George Frank.
land, of the 64k h Reltirueut of Foot,.to jlliu Aucte Almon
BOMBAY DEATH.

At Baroda, In the 29th 7par of -Ms age, early in the trownipt
ofibe 28da uk. Coodoctor W. DI. Davis, of the Ordaaoce De.
partment, leaving &disconsolate widow, child, and faintly, tole.
meat his loss. , , ~ -
(yawl in* Si * TAMIL Or. JULY 220
NIADAtAS. hillitTUS. • '• ..
_• .

At Cuddapah, on the the Lady of Brevet Cara
Positon, sth Native Infantry, of a son.. .;
Asks 14, the-Lady of -William lludleston, Esg . of.
liardee, of a daughter.
At the Presidency, on the 21st inst. the Lady of Thome 4
Ow Rs+ of a. daughter.
-MADRAS DEATHS.
Wednesday; the hd hut. at Itoyaiituaran; Mrs. Hones 4.
Zorer, the wife 0( hlr,,Shamier Zorer. •
At lieUary on the 224 tat, Lteuttsak Jakei Alien, of do
24th Ilighnoat. .
• At Madura, .ota the stb lint. tistinfaitt son of Mr. W. Ebb,
aged l 5 months said IS days, . •
At sea, math, sthisf April, on board the brie Diana. an ilk
Passaic froiti the Spihelles so the hie of France, Mrs. M. A.
Alexander, alelfastpi•Mr. A/treader, Master Attendant af Ma
On the rltitinlik.tfasintant Mil of lite. J 13' Urilla.
• - • : ISOMEdY 'DEATHS.
Al Prsoital4on the Dishr of Ow 1 fib of June, at half-pMt dewed
(Meek, Cornet Thomps Spencer, ot the 3d liniment les*
Light Cavalry. , The circumstances connected with the death,.
tl4proMlsing young Okcer ate daily distressing, and metre te
prove bow vie mazy be cut *if when less . expected. He eu
taking his usual et ening's ride in rade health 29 hours only prig
to his decease, and the first intimatiou given of-his fatal•accided
was that of a Sepoy running into the mess-house, stating an OS:
,cer t? he lying (as if deed) in the road. His brother Oaken,
disliraFing this, hastened to the .spot,, and picked him up oak
sensitive. • Several medical men were immediately cabled, bet
'tpt haltrfstier his horse was to severe, tbg it tr..filed• their efforts;
Is Rene/06et spoke, nor hiked was he sensible from tht time k
ocurred' till the moment of his death. His funeral was attended
liV_Vhd bidet or' is Majesty's 47th Regiment, and nearly the
Wok orthe Misers and Gentlemen ill the Cantimmen%'•
of an apoplectic fit, aged 50, the Her. Nichols
Wade, A. M4enio=l4s attbts Ptaddencyt A more awed
esker:pie of thi ms o itt
f human life has seldom occurred
thafila the present batlike.- Mr. Wilde was in his place itikki
March at 1-)iyine Serefieutilkniciii fUrenoon. hi the after.
soon he attended at the' burial-ground In the performance of Hi
drily; lithe evening' dlnedVridibfa r, and remind to begat
his usual hoer ofbi.e. Or Maiday *noted*, at half-past ski
heisial-ileorpse ! havingbies seized with sit apoplectit
At it few' hairs heroes- "Mr. Wales remake were likened is
She chancel 'of St.. Thomas', Ctuirrha4vablda be had been a
iaapield nuarly years, 'by a numerous rat
respect:4e coticootse of sortutrisit •

:tOr•ais
ell I
r ,If
11:-.M
-3..ficiffs* 46 egla rt —rill t."

Fig, sawinC ^ • •
It 4691110144
rim, VI% 01146111
lye: St :71,i *Cm
_46.1111.

DA'

warrecwann..
Hay... 31 Ipo 'to 41 Os
Strwif 11 140 to •SI Oo
Clover 31. LOa to 41. Si 4

r.:.•1;, PIIICB or TALLOW, 4)04,..e; &e. per 1124.
1
:SAM : 01d r2°
.Mellow
131 .iltioTouTh , - .
VelloW Rusda ... ..... 41. Od Yellow Soap ....... ..... '...' 7•1
Widtv &hp... .. . .. ... „
.iCts Od lktotticct „ ... la
illaairditto • 1.. its Or Clutil • -4,, -Os
Hakim Stat.— —. ila Od Palm —. ........ ...... -.1:-. Os

• PRICE-OF CANDLES—M-0i Tallow tbsisieers'
Coilnes, per dos: 91 04-.-Motylds, 10s Ocl; tia. per dein
. . slknre4for ready moos/. ,

. ;.

COM, MAitair, MIL 10.
CoAgee 45ithsvailbir41* 411--,111.110-11t4
-0114—Moraceu. ass .441--Orirs-
Vanteid Moor -4ls ed—Wearn W
46s—Walleend Ikon's 4is 40e. • • 4' " I
M Nips se meali.

• 1.- • 4eoValla. Of •
Amsterdam itit If CS.
Ditto at sight 19
.1 .
tottAilsin... --tit • !ff.'
Atiwierp,ex-mo. S • v •
Hamburgh 97 S eil,
Aksma 9 ;
_Up
3dai's alibi 15 M. "U:
" ft di tUs
Madrid; effective 341: I
C•62116104A.--0.• 344 •
111119 s; efeeli4e . • •

tiCSIANG IL - •
Gr.....; 351 •
raeltir .. : ... ''.. 3911 •
Leglotil ....; 064
010iIii. - • : ••• 4 3
.Ifsilolg....Mv, 2..7 a.
0:;; r ilihrfri4 •45 •
110 ..: .. .I._ 39
Paittnltt' ....:4117 pet est
LAsiois,....4. t -62
Rio Justin) 4$
.. .; 91
tr.:—

IIIIIIIII■aft„

! 'sandal:olle Bankers, but OloillOg satel"Sil
bill, stortres be then a e *at it., • . e t)
1
tpiiimesi• war tAtitin . . Itfr
- - 1 A i
tiaTfur, nor was my . gureqt • • •
• that he was holden Jab skeet if , e (lei .
t fondant, bi what oneaniiiiid'tot a. • ~..• -, ine,ac-
ii civainteir with the fact that the .i l wOXOlnaglai4; ,
e "andlito applications Wete in . ... , . Iftiltetuthri
it for a re.ewal of the guarantee, which be refused:-
- tan see;nes lase aunt • rwwwinieneed trihilt 111110111 Sip

---'.-{' ---&"411; rsil;l;lfe rr PRICES.2s:WiIANDSILVEIt.
put a stop to a ibe it„ 4
dd so, and not to permit theCitszt *).ise occupied la ~;., Zweig* Gold 10 :-..,••,-' It• ••:- e-4, •,.r. 41;; . .
the trial; of such a Farr.- Thie more Agelar *Sin* ,6.-re: Dpeal°".... :.;*::f::-.7..y.-..7..:-..*:::-.'• ..A -,
Would L. ufanter a aardict for the *hag saigi:l2. , • 1,0 ...ta;darii.
..".•ri_ • -
daniiages on the ge?ietal kV* aid 'to dist . t. tila : ---1- _
- -
- • T: :z•• 2141111k2 'AK. IKEA • • - • -
Jeri twin giving anY varckt- 04 theAls4 —•- •
. ..
-1146,,t_ /21.9.111sirtiji, 2k _
_29a, ti# ..1:44, ;- 'Ca iftekorg -• NE -r—itro'''. 2 0203bblill ..P'''s •
°6 me' t-
-'1
"Wl' PPM " • ' • *llifilesT462J6ol, 44 ''.- 6' Plauarris •
bruil110021104:011b; , "- • -.J. _,•-:-:, •. .i '- UX4;II 0 0 Malta '-`' *:' ." V"!
i mu* ~
~; ..zsbielp .). Gati9llo.llll .1:1457.1.
;111ti;c==-2111"=111311111.1:221--'i .I- ,te -- . .1161 , elitneeka 0 IWO - '
i - . '''..ll/h, its isaili*.**7 Ifht•ft.... ' uggllP%- ' AT- -t.1.442,1200 iiimPagx&lloB"%4
4 raiFilitt - ode simpowtsturli . ..- . ...., 'ILI:4 .461t.-n....,,.•,-, , 1.....:,. .4 nanoideliter.' '
M • .4" -1•••4 4..*'•-•• .r.vi:14•4'..4-A '' A,,,
_.• . ' -. ssiiroalugla.- 4
• fi11id1412120110644111110`i0/%**l if& Sit tl*ilidiCerrateiiei . . • ;
II 0 .. .
Chats Gram/obi. - " . - • ..., .. . • : I place, Ttople4lla.
