P4YLIAALENT44r PROCEEDINGS.

F' 1.1
• AICIFSE OF Limps, JUNE in.
+he /tigesSalanenitugmentation Bill was read a second time,
and committed fur to-morrow.
'fbirgiafoisi Paehinieni DlU** on the motion of the Earl of
LIVERPOOI4 read a third time, and passed.
oti•e:StstEdtliridge and losof.tor'Debtors' Bah, were read a
claid slain and pmwed.
Roxburgh-Appeal and Peerage Cause. The Order for the far-
ther Conti4pronion of thesemses being read, , .
'The LORD CHANCELLOR resumed his arge. •
Alen* isFa•spetch of some length, forming a eent;-
nuation of his- sentiments and opinions as to the
groliiieriaAvAkh their Lordships thoald frame their
attiisiZ6, on these (individually) ve important sub-,
Jeco. Not having concluded his arfumentso., 'the
obi« and Learned-Lord begged .the indulgence of
a; farther hearing on a fatureday, Which it was agreed
Midge ta*&islite ou Monday 'next. "
' Ldrid Viscount SIDMOUTH called the attention
of their LordshiPs_tothe circtunranCe of no return
frivlWg been m:416 thllleir Lordships' ()Ater Or the'
24 instant for the production of an Account of the'
number of Licenced Preachers, and Dissenting Meet-
ing-houses, in England and Wales, &c. This pro-
duction, he had since learned, did not lie within the
province of ,the Home Secretary's department. His
I...orasliP then. pupped a motion, 'which he thOught
would have, the desired effect, It purported as fol-
lows;. That the Clerk of the House do issue: copies
of their Lordships' Order
,of the 241 June instant to
the. Clerks of ,the Peace in thedifferent Counties in
00-Wales; and enjoining theM to eausithe
returns tgeieinlnentioned tobe made." 'Ws, motipn,
however, after a short conversation between him and
the Noble Lord en the Woolsack, was afterwards
postponed by.the Noble Vis Count till Monday. '
On the,„question for the third reading of the Irish
Catholics Yreehold Bill,
Lord REDESDALE suggested, that the passing
of such a Bill as the present would create consider-
able doubts as to the form of the necessarroaths to
be inked by Catholics in 'lreland, with reference to
the Act of *SW of the King. He thought it pre-
ferable to let the measure lie over till the next Session,
at an early period of which an Act could be framed
'Which would not be liable to such a material &lee-
, tion. therefpre moved, " That the Bill be read
a third time this day three months." -
The Earl of HARDWICKE did not oppose the
proposition chiefly on the understanding that the Noble
and Learned Lord would coineforward at an early
period next Session with the legislative provision al-
!luded to. ,
The nestiort *as put, and Lord Redesdale's mo-.
tion was agreed" to, which loses the Bill forlhepre-
se&.
-,--Adjourned till to-morrow.

• ;FROM FRENCH AND DUTCH !WARS.

• • •• • • .. • -.

RATISBON, MAY 27.
The Comnskadant of this place has issued a Pro-
clamation,'" ifftoksequence ofcertain persona having
been'pleit;ed:to-cirettlate the most absurd reports, and
spreid al*rivi and terror throughout the city," threat-
*ring every person with 'arrest whe, as disturbers of
the publie rice, shall bold any language to the pre.
indices:4lu' government.
VIENNA, MAY 24. •

"'-Tate alzetteof this day contains the following ar-
" Four times have the French entered Austria,
•.anrfriiice -the capital of the Monarchy. But how
different are the circumstances now from the year
18{35 ! Then the French army found the inhabitants
Of Vienna bowed down by calamities they had not
snerited,.but enabled by that masculine resignation
with renders the unhappy even respectable. • With
: a noble pride, they-avoided all proCeedings which be-
come a fanatic populace rather than, a civilized go-
vernment. Tb's conduct secured to the people of
Vienna the esteem of the conqueror.; among the mo-i
numents of which esteem is the city arsenal, Which he'
refused to touch. This respect was a victory gained,
by the vanquished over jhe Invincible. Paris and,
Berlin resounded with, the praises which the. French.
warriors gave the Austrian character.
a' How are the times changed ? Terrorism, which,
. banished. from the 'sheres of the Seine, .had latelf
. shaken her bloody torch over Madrid and -Lisbon,
whenee she had been driven by the French eagles,
appeared to seek an asylum in the Austrian Cabinet
Byforce and-artifice, the peasant was torn ,from his
cottage, the .artisan limn his workshop, the father
from- his afflicted children. .All the bonds of society
were broken, all the principles of public law abjured.
Calumnious libels were made ascot to mislead the
Austrians.; insurrectional proclamations, and the
cre.rril.ge of a share in;the booty, Were to form a palmyin foreign countries. Imperial Princes did not blitsh
to sign ernaimations preaching of liberty, equality,
and of revelntioniiing States I ,ivpr4s, on account of
which An Stria had, during:many years, 'made war on
. France, and sent so many victims to Munkatch, whose
manes stid cry for vengeance. A troop of enraged
individuals, a few days since, traversed the streets of
Vienna, and compelled by blows the peaceful citizens
to arm themselves with a few rusty muskets, and
place themselves on the ramparts. The banks of the
Ihinv be were nearly beholding a government of sans -
culotres pr esided by a Prince, who exposed Vienna to a
siege, without even giving notice to the citizens to
„provide water to extinguish the flames. It is thus
tbat•Nt adesperate state we think all means lawful.
Au.strianaot conceal this ; she bears a cruel disease
..v-.•'ttlin.her—Lier paper money. This evil has reach-
ed its last crisis. The convulsions of the Cabinet
k-ove. it its actions were those -of a man in a
eiff.lso the only physician, the onl; saviour, is
1,61.11;os. His proclamation gives us the consola-1
tort.bcpe.that he does n t confound the spirit party
wiih km:spirit:of the people ; that he has brought
with him his ancient affection for the people' of Vi-
_nn,.4,a4,llk.al*sees in, thernihe loyal Tura tit 1805.
Is narb,diaizeivisof Vienna, our unanimous, de-
sire to .19410.14 t 446gtiF chat the favcltrade.OPitiion he
has of us may never change

' PARTS, JUNE £
M. Denon, Director-General of the French Mu-
seums, went through Stntgard on the 26th ultimo, on
his way to Vienna.. - •
The following is the Poselamation dispersed by the
Archduke John, on his-entrance into Italy
" ITALTANS I—Give ear to the voice of truth and
roason. These tell you that you are the slaves of
France ; that you for her waste your gold and your
blood
dream, a vain name. The conscription, the burthens,
the oppressions of every kind, the nothingness of your
political existence ; these alone are realities.
" Reason also tells you, that its such a state of
degradation, you can neither be esteemed, remain at
peace, nor be Italians. Do you wish to be once more
Italians ? Unite then, your hearts, and your power
to the generous arms of the Emperor Francis. At
this moment he causes a powerful body to descend
into Italy. He sends them, not to gratify an idle
thirst of conquest, but to defend himself, and Secure
the independence of all the nations of Europe, which
are threatened by a succession of attacks that allow
no doubt of the inevitable slavery prepared for them.
" If Goo protect the virtuous exertions of the Em-
peror Francis, and his mighty allies, Italy shall be
again happy, and once more respected in Europe.—
The head of the Church will possess again his free-
dom and his dominions; and a Constitution, founded
on nature and true policy, shall bless the Italian soil,
and render it impenetrable to any foreign power.
" It is Francis who promises you so happy and
glorious an existence. Europe knows it : the word
of this Prince is sacred—is as immutable as pure ;
Hiavat: speaks through his lips. Awake then, Ita-
lians Rouse yourselves. Of Whatever party you
hale been or now are, fear nothing, fot you are Ita-
lians. We come not to investigate--to punish ; we
coine to aid—to deliver you. Will you remain in the
state of confusion in which you are sunken ? Will
you behave otherwise than the Spaniards, that people
ef heroes, whose words and actions are in harmony.
" Do you love less than they, your holy religion, i
your honour, and the name of your nation ? Do mt.!
abhor less than they, base servitude, because you
were seduced into its snares by fraudulent speeches.;
thOugh the treatment you have experienced has been
most opposite to those speeches. Italians I trutivand'
reason say to you, that so favourable an occasion
never offered itself of throwing off the yoke cast upon
Italy. They tell you, that if you do not listen to
them, you incur the danger arising from a victorious
army, which subdues without consideration, a people
without a name and without rights; that, on the
contrary, if you cling to your deliverers, and con.
quer with them, Italy will reassume its station among
the great nations of the earth, and may become again
what it once was, tbe first.
a Italians I—a better fate is in your bands ; in
hands which brought the torch of illumination into
every quarter of the globe, and restored to Europe,
when sunk in barbarity, the sciences, arts, and morals.
" Ye Milanese, Tuscans,-Venetians, Piedmontese,
be mindful of the period of your ancient being. The
days of peace and prosperity may return to you
fairer than ever, if your conduct render you worthy
the blessed change.
" Italians '!—Have but the will, and you will be
Italians again, as glorious as your ancestors, as happy
and contr,e_d_as you ever were in the fairest epoch
of your mmou. (Signed)
Joint .Archdulte•Of Austria."
Jurrs 7.—The' American sloop the' Syren, which
set sail &coin Bakimore on the sth of last month, ar-
rives at L'Orieat the 30th ult. having a Messenger
on board, charged with dispatches for the French
' Govern:ft:tent. •
• WairtiZlC, MAY 14.

Official intelligence was this day received, that the
Austrians, in the night between the 20th and 21st inst.
retreated from Thorn to Inowrocten. •

The following General Orders were this day issued
in this place.

"lard Gabrowsky, Commandant of this City, acquaints
the •Iliold nod other Officers of the garrison of Dantzic, that the
Polish army under the command of Prince Poniatow'ky has en-
tered old Gallicia, the 6th Regiment of Foot has taken from the
enemy a whole park of artillery, and made 1000 prisoners. The
enemy, obsaucted in all his operations, seems to act without any
preconcerted plan, and is nor likely for any length of time to op-
pose the victorious arms of his imperial Majesty. (Signed)
OABROWSKT."

BERLIN, MAY 27.
On the 22d instant, M. D'Urquijo presented his
credentials, as Charge d'Affaires of his Catholic Ma-
intl.
Week ago several corps arrived here, while others
have Set out for the shores of the Oder, with a part
of their artillery.
No Governor has yet been nominated in the plats
of 111: de Lestocq, who is accused• of• being an accom-
pike with Schill. General Tauenzien, Who, accord-
in g to some papers, had been arrested, is in the mean,
while Governor:- Other arrests are spoken of in Ito-
niagsberg. • •
It is said, that in•pnrsuance of a convention Weed.
tiPon bet Ween Aleander and Napoleon, the neutral,:
ity of Prussia has been recognized:
The report of the evacuation of the fortresses Ili
ratrtroops is still continued. .

, ROSTOCK, MAY 29.
LieutetrantGeneral Bkidter is at present at gtar-
gard, and his whole corps is irrewedish Pomerania.

DRESDEN, MAY. W.'
On- the 21st, the following intelligence was pub.
lished
“ His Excellency-Marshal Duke of Vainly arrived
on the 19t4 at Erfarth, with:a Corps of the Army,
which made their journey in carriag+es.'t
LEIPZIC, Mkie4o.
By a conrier dispatched &dm' Viet en the 24th
inst. certain intelligence haitbeenleeeived, that up to
that day.thegreat#t order and tranquillity prevailed
in that capital: ".'• -'s - -• • •
• • We learn, them& Russian arm run der Prince Gal-
litzin. lraelik ..inroantOriments, and. is marching by
Chehn to 'Leimbirg. Another colnmn of Russian
troops was destined to tsabch Against Warsakv, to dis.
ledge the Anstitlanctbgtinfeconstonence of their hav-
ing evaenateditheolawityittliistriumn has taken ano-
ther dirtktion„.• inPabLt4
LINFt,' MAY •:'
The Prince of Ponte Corstil*Othere with the
Saxons 4r4 the French divi4lOn cesniOanded by Ge-
neral-DepAs. The French advanced posts arc two
learres beyond 'the 'bridge, bri die left bank. The
Austrians are at half,a league's distance.

, •

MUNICr, MAY 46.
The Duke of Dantzic has issued a Proclamation
at Tnspruck, reinstating all the Magistrates who ex-
isted in the Tyrol before the insurrectidn.
AUGSBURG, MAY 30.
Yesterday all the French cavalry here received or-
ders to march towards the Tyrol.

PASSAU, MAY 24.
According to letters from Lintz, the Prince ofPonte
Corvo (Marshal Bernadotte) has crowd the Danube-
with a numerous army, composed of French, Saxon,
Wirtemberg, &c. troops, in order to take the Aus-
trians in the rear, while the Emperor Napoleon, with'
his whole force, attacked the Archduke Charles in
front.

Ac the Wrni

MOIMMIIIIAiI
