l~

i :.

LONDON.

G.tietal Mining Awn).
l'rutctnr Fire' '

have formed the plan to possess themselves of Tbermes•
pyler, for the purpose of cutting. off the communication
of Redschid Pada with Thessaly, said• eo rot tiff the,
supplies which are about to be conveyed to his camp:
The Captains Gatti, and Duonintes are ordered to
tat: up a position at Thermopyls, and to shutAs
that par. •
It is a remarkable fait. that notwithstanding the dis-i
mttous affair of Athens, not one Greek soldier—evew
of.those who lost their chiefs—has beer, known to quit
the army and to retire to their families. This perse-,
verance under misfortune proves that this unfortunate',
people are determined to be free, or to perish, even to'
the last man. They still remember with horror what
, they suffered under their ferocious masters, and their
warm imaginations still picture to them the dishonour
to which their families are yet exposed.
Ibrahim Paclsa has quitted the Int-tress of Patras. He
has advanFetf at the head of a corps of Arabs towards
the tits of Yostizza. He has addressed a circular letter
to the Greek chiefs who command corps, in which he
promises to continue them as Captains in their pro:,
lances, provided they acknowledge him as master, and
come and do homage to him as such. If they should
reuse, he threatens them with utter extermination;
• without sparing even women or children. He also pro-
mises that he will receive with honour among his troops
'those Greeks who may wish to enter. Some of the
Chiefs have answered, that a national Government has
altead y been instaHed, to which they haiersworh fidelity
and obedience, and that he must address himself to that
Government. "As to the execution of your threats,",
they add, "it is a kindness to us. We prefer that All
who have any of our blood in their veins should perish,
lather than be obliged to drag on life in the degrades.
tion of slavery."
General Church continues in the island of Egina. H.
waits the first movement of Redschid /*ache: He keeps
this place as the most convenient from which to praised
.where the wants of the country may call for assistance.
Lord Cochrane is engaged at Hydra, in getting the.
Greek fleet ready. lt will consist of from forty to (tutu.,
five ships, and thirty-five fire-ships. The Captains who
command the several vessels have received orders a
men h ago to hold their ships in readiness for sea.-a-
Only 15 of the ships and fire ships belong t a the Greek
Government, the others are fitted out by private indi-.
viduals at their own expense.
PARIS, Jet.r es.
The following is an extract of a letter from Pere,
.written by an individual who forms part of a diploma-
- tic corps:
. " Affairs here appear to be taking a serious turn. One cannot
conceive the arrogant tone which the Ministers of the Porte have
for some time back adopted towards the great Powers, particularly
towards Russia. It is confidently said, that two Turkish agents left
this secretly, on the lath and 19th of June, for Teheran, on a m s-
eines to the Persian Government. It is added, that as soon as M.
Ribeaupierrt was informed of the circumstance, be hastened to in-
'form his court, by dispatching a courier extraordinary to St. Pc.
tersburgh.
" It is stated that Tartars have been successively dispatched to
Belgrade, Widdin, Silistria. and Whischuk, with strict orden to the
the Pashas of these provinces to exert themselves with all possible
ketivity in getting together the troops which have been organised
according to the new system adopted by the Porte. It wouliiar
pear that the Porte wishes to establish a strong cordon on he es-
treme frontier of Moldavia and Wallachia, so that the whole sfelts,
bank of the Pruth may be lined with troops."
The Memorial Bordelais contains the following
notice:
We received yesterday from San Sebastian the fat-
lowing tews, which we publish, without vouching far
for its tru•h:
" SAN &BASTIAN, JULY 16.—The Courier that left "Nla,lrid Last
Tuesday brings us a number of letters from persons of distinguished
rank, who ate worthy of all trust, from the stations they occupy ;
all of which agree in declaring—first, that the Spanish Govern-
, ment has granted a full and entire amnesty to all persons who have
been guilty of my political offence from the year 1807. up to this
tisy ; that it has recognized. formally and authentically, the new
' Government of Portugal. as well as the loans contracted in the
time of the Cortes, and the independence of Spanish America. on
payment of a suns, to be fixed by the Great Powers. Every one
here is rejoicing. The Comm, by estanicides (orders) are to be itn-
Mediately convoked."

E 14W EN ING SPAR.

• SATURDAY, JULY 2s, 1827.
STOCK EXCII ANG F., TWELVE O'CLOCK.
• The great storm width prevailed yesterday in the Consol market
•has turned this.iffttbig into • dead calm, and up to the present
•ttnse no more (sham have been announced, as by this time it
would have been ascertained if the cheques given yesterday bad
not been paid. In the Consol market there is little er nothing
doing, and it ii not supposed that any great speculations will be en-
tered upon as vet, until the last Account is completely settled.
Consols opened at 87 the Account, and remain at that price up
to the prestnt time, alternately buyers and sellers.
'ln the Foreign =Act, most of the prices are nominal, with
nothing doing.
Current prices : Old Spanish fe 101, Mexican 891 7O Colons
Man 33a.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

Everything remains quiet up to the present time, sod we do not
hear of any more failures. The Copal market remains steady at
87 to 5 for the Account. and 885 for Money.
The Foreign market also remains stationary, with little doing.
. PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 211 India Stock 2535
3 per Cent. Red. 875 I Ditto Bonds 88 90
S per Ct. Cons. 861 1 South Sea Stock
5i per Cent. Old Annuities
115 per Cent. Red. 945 5 £lOOO Rae** Bills 58 59
4 per Ct. New 1005 101 £5OO Ditto 57 59 .
4 per Cent. Scrip £lOO and £2OO Ditto 37 59
4 per Cent. 1226, 102; 5 Commercial
Long Aim. 19 15-16 201 16 Consols for Acct. 875 •
FditRIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCI‘.
Brazilian lids. 5 p (..N. 605 Gr.8i15.189.5„5 pet. 145
13 .euo. Ayr. s atl-.6 p C. 595 Mex. 1'06115 per Ct.:.
C)silian Bonds,B per CI 365 D0.1114.1825.6p Ct.
'a ..lumblAil Mul.. 6 p Ct. Do Acct. 691 70
Ditto Me, 1824, 325 Rugs. Lids, i utz,6 pC. 945
- Do. Accrunit 335 325 33 1)0. Ace.
Vanish lids. 3 p Ct. Span. Buis Sp 0.10 95
- . .... Do.' "i 105 91

Do. Acct. 63 Acct.9j 10i 91
- BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCE
VIA% E. PAW.
100 S

7
Z 1 4i

• IYILNUM FUNDS, JULY 35 —Five per Cents. 103 f. 10c.—Thrre
per Crum 721. 45c.—Bank Stock, 2012 f. 50c.—Neapolitan Reams,
75f. 20c.

- , ,
We received this morning the Austrian Observer to
the 16th instant. It contains advices from Constan-
tinople to the 26th ult. attesti•ig the firmness With which
the SULTAN proceeds in his schemes of reform, and
annotmcilig another important change in the, domestic
polity of the Empire. Before, the Administration had
been purely military, and consequently combining all
the rigour and appalling simplicity of a system, which

,a e

throws wide Doc the port rig eE exaction sa.iesilotimaro.
w aIA it. closestse smallest -irevice through ertikka
coaaplaint, zap reach the Throne.; Actiording to the
new plaw„theAdministrationekever7 province is divided
into two dialect branches., end den, the former
being Confided di heretofore to the -Michas, and the
latter to the Civil Governors--which, if it bepersevered
in, may be attended with as beneficial effects- on the
domestic interests of the Empire, as the new organiza-
tion of the arme4 force is likely to improve its position
with respect to foreign St rtes. The division of powers
has been a:ready introduced into Smyrna t andthe idea
of seletting that place for the first trial is a proof, that
prudence goes hand in hand with 'matins the innovations
of the Sultan. The great number of Europeans id
that city, some of whom are personally known to
us as very clever and enlightened men, must have
rubbed off a great- deal of the old Turkish rust broils
the minds of the natives, and consequently rendered
them less'bigotted in favour of antiquated notions
than the inhabitants of any other place in all Tar key.
As soon as the system works there well, it can be
introduced into other puns with more facility, as well
as a greater chance of recess; 'and, whatever may
be the late of the present innovations, they chew at least
the bold and 'vigotoui genitsi of the reigning Sovereign;
as well as a considerable improvement in the great body
of the Tot kidt natiOn.". Hew long this change in thel
proverbially hard character of that .people had been
operating, before it gave manifest signs of its existence,.
it is very difficult to say ; but, of this we are certain, that
the insurrection of the Greeks has resuscitated energleir
amongst the Talks, which were thought long ettinctil
and that it absolutely promises to be the commencement,
of a new and in -re fortunate era in the histories ? btA,
nations. We have heard no one as 'et eesitute to :deny

its tendency to hasten the developeinem of tharesources
moral and physical,' of Greece; wlelst, we believe, it
_universally regarded, as thelorerunner of great and ie.
deed irreparable calamities to bee former oppressors-
Ii
the Turks weather this storm, a Ight will be poured MI
upon them, which in .time will lay bare all their' false
prejudices, and probably enable them to meet the new
circumstances, with faculties fully equal, if not su-
, perior, to their pressure. In the mean time, we
learn horn the article in the Asturian °lamer, that
nothing could eq-ial the traliqoillity which 'eontinued to
prevail in the Capital and provinces, but the energy,
which charactetised the levying and training of the new
troops. In these preparations, the Porte, however, did
not neglect the arts of p .liticaLiefinement, and, in its
reception of the Russian Ambaaador, it displayed a'
fineness of tact; which few, who had superficially stu-
died its character,imagined it was capable of. In this
instance, it made a great defariure from its former stiff
etiquette; ands upon the whole, that ceremony strongly
confirms our foehter arguisent. •
The Austria's Observer also contains accluits from
Corfu to the 27th ult. friim which it appears that the
Seraskier, after the surternier oi•tke Afirqpnlis, marched
into WestetuGreece, and had• already reached Thebes I
on his way to Missolcmghi, at which place he was es•
pect d about the middle of Jutie. The reasons of this or.
expected movement are not mentioned, but, besides the
o'ivious one of putting down the Greeks in that quarter, :1
has probably been Undertaken, that he may not give
any cause of jealousy to IBRAHIM PACHA, which
could be scarcely avoided, had he marched his ttoops
into the Morea. In t're meantime the tormer had, as
we stated yesterday f. oar another source, detathei part
of his Arabs towards Tripolisza; whilst the object of
this movements' atm ding to the present iersion, is to
lay siege to the citadel of Carinth (Acro Corinth). and
not to Napoli di Romania. It
_appears likewise from
the Corfu accounts, that an unusual bustle. 'oak
place all at once amongst Ithe British ships of
war on that station, occasioned. by the arrival of I
the English brig the Pelican, Captain hue, with'
dispatches from the -coast of tle Morea, for Vice-
Admiral Sir EDWARD CUDRI ,GTON, Commander-in-
Chief of, our naval forces in the Mediterranean. The
Pelican also brought di-patches for the LORD HIGH
Corantseionsai alit though their contests had no
transpired, it was inferred from the circumstance of the
squadrons being ordered to get immediately ready for
sea, that they must be of importance. It is not
credible, however, that this bustle was occasio-ied by
the increased audacity of the Greek pirates; for, if these
-were the real cause, it is not a line-afibattle ship, like
the Asia, but light vessels,that would have been sent
for the purpose of repressing their hardihood. It iel
far more probable, that the dispatches 'elated to the
Egyptiarlexpedition, and that Sir EBWARDCODRINGTO:i
was proceeding, either to prevent its sailing, or inter-
cept its passage if it bad actually sailed. We shill, in
all probability, soon receive very interesting news from
that quarter.

By the Saucy Jack, Captain Hoorah, Jamaica Pa-
pers to the 14th June, and Bogota to the 18th May,
were received this morning at the Noeth and South
American Coffee-house. We extract from them the
fol:owing highly interesting extracts:
