FRENCH PAPERS.

Fran the Messager des Charabres, July 29.
MOM) =MOM
PARIS, Jinx so.

Letters from BetEa, of the 19th, say that it is at the desire, and
at the instance of the Cabinet of 3taiut Petersburg's, that that of
Berlin has mot General Misfiling to Constantinle on a special
mission ; and many persons suspected a. mach. The Emperor de-
sires to prove, at the moment when the chance, of war are the most
favourable to him, that he is free from all views of ambition and

conquest, which ate assented to him, in the midst of a nation,
which, for its part, hat not always piqued itself, in the East, on
moderation and' disinterestedness, though its dearest interests are
not threatened, and it has not been, like Russia, offended in its
dignity. The proposals which are to be made to the Ottoman
I Porte are, as they were from the beginning—the inviolability of
the Treaty of Akerman, and the free navigation of the Rack Sea
without insisting on the demolition of the Castles of the Duda'.
wiles. Nevertheless, the Emperor seems flrudy resolved not to
restore the fortresses conquered by his arms in AAA, which saved
as a defence and refuge for robbers of every description, and
especially for the sale of Russian Subjects into slavery.
With respect to Greece, the magnanimous policy of the /Co-
pes will not vary ; be will insist upon its obtaining that extent of
territory without which it would have 00 independence; that is to
say, a frontier line from Veto to Arta ; so that it may include not
only Athens, but a good pan of Sicily.
We quote the opinions of the various journals, on the approach-
ing change, which they assure us is to take place, in the Ministry.
We beg our reader to compare the several versions. This may
serve to appreciate their truth. [Here follow extracts from the
Ortstritutisitaii. the Amend de Peril, and the Jaunted du Camera,
after wide& the Masers adds :
Truly tlie intik is well informed! how many combinations,
how amyl changes! and it is on Monday that we ate to have the
Royal Ordinance! Monday will come, and the Ordinance will
not appear, which will not present the Journals lie the following
week from giving their readers some more new Ministers.

Froni the Coarrier Francais.
PARIS, JOLT 29.

The "wagon caUed into notice by the trW of the Closirrier
Francois was too weighty and impurtant not to attract the atten-*
dun of every ratan who clings to liberty of conscience and the pre-
astvation of the laws. A learned consultation of M. Isambert is
now submitted for the adhesion of the Paris Bar. It has also beam
communicated to the Departments. and several adhesions strongly
supported have akeady reached Paris. We shall subjoin two :
