LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, oe2. 24.
THI ICING V. CLANIALII.
Mr. Artomv-Gattaaat. (with wbom•was Mr. Follet) stated,
that this was a prosecution by the Masters and Wardens of the
Apothecaries Company, on the 58th of the late King, against the
defendant for practising before he was 21 yeas of age. The ex-
:miners having been frequently deceived, and the parties having
more frequently eluded punishment than been detected, had
brought two or three offendets to justice. The defendant to the
present indictment bad produced to the Company of Apothecaries
an affidavit, purporting to he sworn to by him, that be was 21
years of age, and had served five years' apprenticeship.
Witnesses proved the case.
Mr. Boottanax, for the defendant, stated, that whatever be had
to submit to the Court mut be at another stage of the proceedings.
Lord TENTERDEN.—What you will have in mitigation must of
course be for the consideration of the Cuurt ; of course I cannot
dictate to the Company.
The Jury found the defendant Guilty.
Mr. Bactuonam—l hope, my Lord, that the Company will
think they have gone far enough, and that they will not consider it
necessary to pray for judgment.
Lord Tamrsanias—l cannot dictate to them.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
MANSION-HOUSE.
Two itinerant cheesemongers wete summoned before the Lord
Mayor on Saturday, to answer for the offence of vending cheese in
the neighbourhood of Rosemary-lane, to the prejudice of the trade
of the shopkeepers in that line in that district.
One of the officers stated, that he had received express di-
rections from persons in authority in the Ward, not to permit
the defendants, who once had been partners, but who now are
rivals in trade, from vending in the street, an article so exclu-
sively consumed by the labouring classes. When the defendants
were partners, they used to favour various parts of the metropolis
with their goods, but since the connection had been broken up, the
competition had been so violent,and the articles of course so cheap,
that the cheese shops stood no chance at alL—(Laughter.) The
case appeared to be hard upon one of the partners. If that un-
happy person were not allowed to sell his cheese, he and his family
must go to the workhouse, and he alWays did business before his
own door. In the other case, the hardship was not so great. The
other partner had been a shaver on board a man of war, and had
seen a great deal of bard work, had no family, and might go any
where be pleased. To be sure he had lost an arm.
Mr. Hobler said, be did not see why, because a poor man hap-
pened to take a few Admirals by the nose, be should nut be per-
mitted to sell a few pounds of cheese.
The Loan MATO II said, that the partners must not carry on so
dangerous a composition to the prejudice of the shopkeepers who
paid taxes. If the Shaver, who, it appeared, was the richer man
of the two, and sold a great deal, did not shift his quarters, the law
would no doubt overtake him.
The Shaver—" What would you have me do, my Lord ?"
The Loan MAYOII—" Why, shave, to be sure."—(Laughter.)
The Shaver—" But I have lust my shaving band (holding up his
stump) I can't shave with my left."
This was an appeal not to be resisted, and the defendants were
discharged with some good advice.
QUEEN-SQUARE.
Mrs. Elizabeth Dodd was charged with violently assaulting
Joseph Tucker, and his *rife Sarah, of Elizabeth-street, Pimlico,
and a pretty row appeared to have been knocked up in the street
in consequence. It appeared from Mr. Tucker's statement, that
be and his wife were just stepping into bed on the previous night,
between nine and ten o'clock, when there were three loud knocks
at the street door; his wife went down stairs, and came back and
told him there were two females who wanted him ; by this time
he had got into bed, and desired her to tell them he should nut
come down, which she did, but they refused to leave the house
until they saw him, and kept knocking as loud as they could for
20 minutes; be put on his small-clothes and coat, and went
down, when he saw the prisoner, who insisted upon his coming out ;
he went a few paces with her, and his wife followed ; the other
woman, who was with her, got to the door, and prevented them
getting into the house again, when the prisoner seized him by the
collar, tore his coat, assaulted his wife, tore her bonnet and shawl,
and struck her twice in the face. This conduct she frequently
repeated, and came and broke his windows, and four years ago he
was forced to have her bound over to keep the peace.
" Pray," inquired the Magistrate, "what acquaintance had you
with the prisoner that she should come to your house in the manner
you describe ?"
Why," replied the complainant, "unfortunately for me I
lived with her six years ago.'
The prisoner and Mrs. Tucker indulged in mutual recrimina-
tions tow.rds each other about the right and title they had to Mr.
Tucker, who stood between them, evidently afraid that these
rivals for his person would commence a cap war.
The forsaken fair one said, in her defence, that Mr. Tucker bad
a gold ring belonging to her. which abe could not get from hint.
It was a ring she valued, as it belonged to her deceased husband.
After a long discussion the ring was sent for, and given up to
the prisoner, who was discharged, the Magistrate telling the com-
plainant he must make some allowance for past transgressions.
UNION-HALL
A stout strapping woman, named Daley, was charged with as-
saulting Crow, a constable of the Kent-road ; and also with having
smashed seven panes of glass in the bar-window of the " World
Turned Upside Down" public-house, on the Greenwich-road.
Crow said, that of all the women he ever had to deal with, he
never met with defendant's equal; he had heard of the celebrated
Lady Barrymore. But, Lord, said he, her ladyship was nut a
patch to be compared to Miss Daley, whose exploits were well
known over Whitechapel, and latterly in the neighbourhood of
Kent-street, where she was the terror even of most of the ter-
magants who dwelt near her abode. She had been on the
" ran dan," Crow mentioned, for the last four days, and was in-
toxicated nearly the whole of that period. While in this state,
she went into the " World Turned Upside Down, and out of re-
venge for not being served with a glass of her darling beverage,
" blue ruin," she thrust her fists, one after another in quick suc-
cession, through seven panes of glass in the bar-window, before the
landlord or any of his servants had time to prevent the damage to
his property. Now, exclaimed she, after having " starred the
glaze, I've had my revenge, and I'll toddle, aid she was in
the act of walking away, when he (Crow) being near the
spot, and hearing the noise of the glass, ran up to the house and
took her into custody when she was leaving it. The moment he
laid hands upon her, she cried out, " I'm blow'd if you don't let
mego I'll give you a muzzier ;" and she kept her word, for it was
scarcely uttered before Crow said he got a pelt on the side of the
jaw that neatly floored him. She kept hint at bay for nearly a
quarter of an hour, until four of his men came to his assistance,
and they with great difficulty succeeded in carrying her by main
force to the watelthouse, where she did considerable damage.
The Magistrate fined the defendant 30s. under the Wilful Da-
mage Act, and in default of payment she was committed for two
months to Guildford.
The defendant exclaimed that she did not care for the punish-
meat, as she bad been the round of all the gaols in town before.
THAMES POLICE.
The Captain of a merchant ship brought a curly-beaded black
fellow to the Office, to know what he should do with him, as
the fellow swore by 0— he would not go back to Ceylon.—
The Captain said he bad shipped this black at Ceylon as un-
der-steward and servant, and was under a bond of ,E5OO to de-
liver him back thtte, if alive. He had arrived in this country
two months since, during the chief part of which time the
black bad been ashore with other sailors, and having attached
himself to a woman, and partaken extensively of the luxuries which
this "blessed country" affords, be was disinclined to go on board
to his duty, as the ship was going to sea in a day or two. The
fellow was too stupid to think about the consequences of his stop-
ping here,where he would probably be starved,as all his false friends
would give him the " cut direct" the moment they ascertained
that all his money and clothes were gore. The Captain wished the
Magistrate to send the black on board, and In would take good
care to keep him safe until the vessel was at sea.
Capt. Ilicinstsc.—Has be committed any offence?
Captain•—No criminal offence, only being drunk ; be is half
drunk now.
Capt. Rioters'
him go on board.
Captain.—Not make him go on board? Why the fellow will
perish with hunger.
Capt. Itictiaacc,—Not he. Hallo ! you Sir ! Why don't you
go back with the ship, as you promised ?
Black—Me like London d—n well. Me stop ;me like to stop
me no go back.
Captain Ric:
wants you.
Black—Me no care a d—n ;me came London passenger ;me
no black fellow servant ;ohno ! Captain tell d—n lie !
Captain—Why, you scoundrel, what do you mean by that ? 1)0
you think, Sir, I Mould bring a black son of a w— like• that fellow
a passenger. He was servant in • the Cuddy, Sir ; nothing more
and bad 30s. a month. • •
The black grinned, and, shrugging up his shoulders, said,'` Al
d—n lie—me passenger."
Captain, its a rage—Passenget ! pshaw a good
1102.04-'
bkth— Me bad Bowe ethotsgh—me "do like &grip. N. !In-
ge, in England ; me stop and get work.
Captain IlLanact.-1 can't intetlere. If be win not go on

.What can I do with him? I cannot make

.But you must go on board—the master

board, I have no power of making him. He is emancipated from
his state of slavery the moment he sets foot in England.
Captain—l wish I had left the d—d thief behind.
The Magistrate reproved the Captain for swearing, and, ad-
dressing the black, contrasted the misery he was likely to be reduced
to by remaining here, with the comfort he would experience on
board.
The fellow shook his head with the air of a black who had made
up his mind, and said, "Me see you all d—d before me go back."
A gentleman whispered the commander of the ship, who said,
"A thought has struck me : this fellow has committed some offence
in the island, and be is afraid to go back. Now, I think he ought
to be sent back."
Captain Richbell smiled, and said," Oh, that sort of thing won't
do with me ; have you any evidence of his committing any offence,
because if you bad you should not have brought him away."
The black fellow at this juncture, the door of the office being
opened to admit some one else, made a bolt, upsetting an Irish
apple-woman, who exclaimed, " bad luck to your black soul!"
His only answer was, " Nie see Captain d—d before me go back."
His flight was toe instantaneous and rapid to admit of his being
stopped, and he escaped. The Captain departed very angry,
hoping the fellow would go to a certain repeatedly described very
hot residence for wicked souls.

In a paper of nineteen years ago, we met with the fol-
lowing humorous anecdote of Mr. Copley, the barrister. Tne
repartee occurred at the Lincoln Assizes in the cause of " Lee tr.
Ring :"—Mr. Copley, counsel for the defendant, maintained in his
address to the jury, that the case for the plaintiff wu very in-
sufficiently made out, for he had in fact produced only one witness ;
that witness was a bailiff named Green • the other person who bad
been called (Mr. F. Johnson), the bailiff's assistant, was Owned to
say whatever his principal said; and, therefore, the two were, to
the intents and purposes of justice, bet one witness. " What,"
said Justice Grose, you look upon them in the light of man and
wife, do you, Mr. Copley ?" " Aye, my Lord, to be sure," re-
plied the witty barrister, "and I will maintain, against any man,
that a bailiff and his bum are but onejlesk, all the world over" The
Court was convulsed with laughter.
During the voyage of the Hector, of Bristol, recently
arrived from Cuba, a duck having laid some eggs, the drake finding
it was going to sit, plucked itself nearly bare of its feathers, to
enable the duck to form its nest !
HINTS RESPECTING WALKING IN PUBLIC PLACES:
Streets are for walking and talking;
Not for talking without walking.
ABDUCTION .-A Miss Sarah Blake, a young lady of
great beauty, and entitled to a considerable fortune, cause before
the Magistrates of Dublin en Wednesday, and made the following
extraordinary statement :—She said that she was acquainted with
three persons, a Mr. Peter Nl' Gill, Mrs. Peter and Mr.
John Al' Gill ; on Sunday last, Mr. and Mrs. P. Ill' Gill called on
her and asked her to take a walk ; she went with them, and when
she got near the Ivy Cabin, Mrs. WGill pretended to be ill, and
a carriage was sent for ; she went into it with Mr. and Mrs. Peter
M' Gill, and they then drove off ten or twelve miles, when they
came to a house into which they entered; Mrs. M'Gill and Miss
Blake were here left alone, and Mrs. Al• Gill then told the young
lady that she was brought there in order that the marriage
ceremony might be performed between her and Mr. John M. Gill,
and that there was a Priest in the house to marry them. This
cider Miss Blake declined in the most positive manner. The two
ladies stopped together until night, when the Messrs. M.Gill came
in, and Muss Blake declined the proffered marriage. Mrs. WGill
and Miss Blake slept together that night ; in the morning, the
latter was awakened, and told by Mrs. *Gill that she might
as well make up her mind to be married to John *Gill, fee
that she heDelt had been run away with. 31i.s Blake im.
mediately got up and dressed herself, jumped out of the window,
and thus made her escape from the house. She met the two
on the road, and they wanted her to go back, but she
would not do so. A warrant was granted against Mrs. 111,Gill,
her brother-in-law, and husband. In a short time after, these
three persons entered the Board-room. Mrs. APGill is a very
beautiful and fashionably-dressed woman; they asked permit.
sion of the Magistrates to send for Counsel. Mr. Cole said, he
should postpone the business until their Counsel was sent for, re.
quiring good bail for the appearance of the parties. The requisite
bail was given, and the matter was postponed.—Dribliss Morning
Register.

HEBDOMADARY.
Tau Mr.—Jupiter sets about 7 evening, Venus half an hour
earlier. Day breaks 7 min. past S.
To-ssozaow.--New Sloan 44 min. past 7 morning. Sun rises

5 min. past 7.
Watwasnay.—Holiday at the Bank. St. Jude and St. John.
THUZSDAT.—About this time the tortoise buries himself in the
earth ; the air is filled with the net-work of the gossamer, and
the long-tailed titmouse is seen flitting about.
FILIDAY.—Moon set 13 min. before 7 evening.
SATUILDAT.—Day decreased 6 hours 54 minutes. Length of day
9 hours 40 minutes.
