; •

land had of late created, the disposition shewn to favour
it by a Right.Hnnourable- Gentlemits (the ChailMilor
of the Exchequer) in those measures immediately within
his province—the better knowledge of the sufferings
and the character of the people, all tended to advattce
the cause. Ile hid no doubt of the ultimate success of
the measure, bast 44 put it to those who were at preseat
opposed wit to paisW immods. bow mach better it would be tst.
give that at *am as a bow .stbidi must soon be yielded us a rigbt
--as make that which egg ladOtinibie after a time detiginfal and
acceptable by Ay frveibnallad genereeity of at once bestowing it
to the people of Ireland!—(Loud cheers).
The SOLJC.IIOII.-GENERAL should not trouble
the House a. much length, 'bet would beg to allude
to a few points
.of that evidence which had, wrought
a conversion on some Honourable Members; and par-
ticularly on the I:honorable Member for Armagh,
who formerly held-opposite opinions to those he now
iuslds.. From that evidence he (the Solicitor-Generall
'drew exactly a contrary conclu ion. Before the Com-
Isamu of both Houses, Dr. Doyle said he had no in-
tention to attack the property of the Pr.testant Church,
and reciudiated the imputation; Far be it from him ,
(the Solicitor.Geaer4) to impugn the character of
that Prelate, but when as an author he found him to
'contradict himself, be could not as a witness believe
him. The Honourable and Learned _Gentleman pro.
ceeded to argue, that the-sentiments in the letters •of
J. K. 1.. were inconsistent with those before the Com-
mittees. A more unconstitutional measure than that
for the disfranchisement of the forty shilling free-
holders never pass.sd that House. The object of the
measure, including the two wings as they were called.
was said to 'be-to conciliate Ireland ; and Aar this purpose
the patrician and equesu ian orders were to be eman-
cipated, and the mass of, the people were to lose 'the'',
privileges which they already possessed. It was. an
outrage upon human nature to say that the people of
Ireland could be content to be thus stripped of the
power they held under the Constitution. He would
put it to the Honourable Bainnet; the Member for
Westminster, who was the author of this scheme, how
such a mode of legislation would be relished in West-
minster ? What would his conititnents say,—what
would he say himself to a Bill introduced to disfran.
chile the tinker, the tailor, the blacksmith, and, hoc

genus mime, the chimney-sweeper, who lived is the
alley, in favour of the more opulent shopkeeper ?
(Hear, hear). Yet this was the description of the-Bill
which was to pour Samatitattoil ietp the. wounds o(
Ireland. Much as be objetted.torthe measure for. ilta.
Emancipation of the Catholic*, he objected still •moke
to this proposition for the spoliation lind destruction of
the lower orders oilrelsaid. peminded: bins libasfti'
thing of the fatuous trentford. pill). of 'Which • the
FlOnoareble Baronet might haveheard; which.ected.
as a sort of splitting or dividing 'machine, to turn
+Ol. into 4001. in the manufacture of votes. • Atte the
perjuty of the bintaltsed and barbsi:eci people*of Ire-
land, as they were called, which was made she:ground
of the Disfranchiserrient Bill, it could .not but appear
odd enough that Honourable. Members oppOsite made
io proposition to remove this till ,the appearance of
the'Emancipation Bill. He could call that, Bill nothing
less than, is the words of Dr. Doyle, 'magnum Intro-
ciaima—a great robbery upon the people of Ireland.
He would suppose a dialogue between. some of the
lower orders of Ireland and Mr. O'Connell upon his
return Well, what have you got ?—A: I have
got a silk gown, and the chance of being Solicitor-
General or Attorney-General, and also a chance of
the Bench. Q. And the Duke of Norfolk, what has
he got ?—A. He has got the right to sit in Parlia-
ment? Q What have we got?--A. Youl you have
got well robbed I—(ii laugh )i He contended that it
was a most grossly uecookitutiooal fraud—a more
unconstitutional measure never since the Charters for-
feited by Charles IL. had been known in that House.—
The Resolution of the Noble Lord (Lord L. Gower)
was calculated to introduce into this couotry a Papal
Church. Was lie aware that that Church considered
marriage, •bainistn,, and sepulture as spiritual rights,
which might be given or withheld at the pleasure of
the Church? They bad also the power of divorcing,
not indeed a vineuto matrimonii, but a mensa et thorn s
and the Noble Lord propoSed to legitimatise a Church
exercising poWers contrary to the law of the land in
this country. The Catholic Bishop. in every State in
Europe, took an oath to observe the regalities and civil
power of the State.. But such an oath was refused in
this country; and it was propesed by this Bill to esta-
blish an irresponsible Church, which existed nowhere
else is Europe. As to the securities, as they Were
‘caliled, he, challenged his Hon. aud Learned Friend
(Mr. Brougham) for his opinion upon them.• If it were
proposed to set up pasdes to guard against any mal-
Tersaticia of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, would
they appoint four Lords of the Treasury for that pur-
vose? Yet, here was a precisely similar proposal to
appoint Catholic Bishops to guard against any intrigrie
with the Pope. .In short, the question of security in
such a form was not to be gravely argueribi any one;
it could only. be treated with ridicule, not being worthy
of the waste of the powder and shot of argument. The
pope was to be watched, and he was to Appoint his own
guardians. Mr. Grattan, a man great in virtue and
legislation, was guilty of no such absurdity as propos-
:mg a,pperile system of inspection of. this kind, the
inspection of all documents which was denied to tbe
inhallOsied eYeS•Of laymen' was freely permitted fo the
House of Bourbon and denied tothe House of Bruniwick.
Wherefore. was:his ? It was declared that the people
of thii. cOueny. were in favour ofthin measure. He
had taken some pains, to ascertain how this matter stood,
and:beloved that of the petitions presented upon ;be
subject 263 were against the Bill, and 54 in its favour.
This he thritight Was petty strong testimony of the
sense of the country 'Too the question. Of the 253,
sixty only *ere tlerleal Petitions. Upon a full review
of the subject, ha mac solemnly declare to the HOuse,
that he could not follow the. respectable example of the
Hon. Member for Armagh (Mr. Brownlow). He stated
this is the' result of* TaboriOus consideration and re,
consideration of the 411;.tiiina* *, So help me GOO,"
aitid and beamed Gentleman; " I 4inic
should forfeit every -pretension to priotiple, and to the
character of a tiontioitionsal -1.4 w ler". if I supported
trill to strip the lower orders for,thE purpose of infest,
ing the higher ordees; • to abrogate OesPOzersalkaff4*
regains of -the Crown by. in OCCIeSi4StiCal
plats six . millions of-ther,Hiug's subjects in a state of
triecited slavery—i Cries of' • Nth no';), Let the How
then get.-op and Asti iAat else is the power'exertiiedfs
thiiiiirlest to exetimmoilnite thi subjects of the Crown? uplas
the *Aide, Sr, feel' it- to beiny-boauderitlut7 to movie,- *eV
inneirameat tollie original Modem • • That thisßill be read a
timr this tkrisla months'"—..(Chenly:•• •
• The Amendment havinatimen Tut from the Chair,
Mr. BOSICLIOSMaimght, 'Oat tine aeguiliz4.
no toil Much upon the nation -of ebutithliing

.1 41 kr .VJ •• ALii to.* V
, •... , r • '.
