tiles That the master might seize acid Nell the negro Separately
from his mate or children—the tax-gatherer and creditor might
do the same. The consequence of this part of the system was
visible in the late commetioni at Demerara. One of the incur-
gents, whom the last accounts left banging on his gibbet, was
driven to become a conspirator fro%t the cruel separation from
all whom he held dear. It was really wonderful to him that such
a system sluitild hale continued so long. He knew any motion
'of his on the subject would he met by overwhelming majorities
in that House • but the public,- so long as they possessed the same
principles
,and feelings which bad hitherto distinguished them,
would not be satisfied that the measures adopted towards the Colo-
nies should be frittered down to Trinidad only. He was no advo- '
care at The present period for the emancipation of the slaves. lle
coneidered that 'tote the worst thing that could be done both for
master and slatte."Fle wished to see steps adopted which would
secure the extinction of slavery at some not very remote period.'
He was no enemy eh the planters—he had already said that com-
pensation should be givensto the masters, and emancipation to the
children. As for what he had said that night, it proceeded neither
from personal interest, for he had none, nor from resentment. He
should be glad to see such a plan adopted as should injure no man's
pocket, and hurt no man's feelings.
Mr. W I I.IIF.R.FOIICF, asked what would be the effect of the
proposition of his Bight Honourable Friend, if adopted, either upon
the masters or the slaves? Let its not forget under what ciretim-
stances it was that the' roposition Was Made to the masters. Was
it at a time when we treated them with coolness or harshness?—
Did we tell them, that in consequence of their obstinate opposition
to the abolition of slavery, we could repose no confidence in them?
No; but at the very time when we were heaping favours upon
them, and refused to withdraw from thetia the valuable privi-
leges which they possessed-.-(Cheers from some parts of the [louse),
yet en the season of conciliation it was that they Manifested such
contumacy. Could his Right Honourable Friend hope differently
maw than in the year 1797; or why does he now place spch. reliance
on the clemency and wisdom of the West Indian proprietors? It
was the misfortune of these Colonies that all the affluent, 'eplight-
ened and liberal proprietors resided here, whilst men of a far diffe-
rent character resided in the Colonies. But a' the period to solo
he had just alluded; the reform then proposed bad the advantage Or.
being recommended by a Secretary of State, known to be well af-
fected to the Colonies, and he addressed a letter to the, Colonial
Assemblies, stating, that If they did not consent to the proposition,
an immediate alteration in the Slave Trade should take place; yet,
notwithstanding such circumstances, and enforced by such considerae
tiuns, the proprietors treated the recommendation with contempt.
Ilut he must now tell the House, what, in his soul, he firmly believed
to he true, and as far as recent information could confirm his opinion,
he was the mote disposed to dread,that as far as related to the sub.
ject, we were now standing on the brink of a precipice, and if great.
cat e were not taken, the consequence of the pause which was now
proposed, would be, that we should all be overwhelmed—(Cheers)..
Ile knew the base enisreptesentations that had been industriously
circulated. lie had himself been represented to have sent nut pa-
pers, pamphlets, and documents of various descriptions to the Nest
Indies. lie was ashamed to have to say that such representations
were wholly false. Such calumnies might be natural to the soil of
slavery, but tlfey Were altogether founded in falsehood. Had they
even avowed in the Islands what they expected would take place ?
NO, but in every parish in Jamaica the most violent language had
been adopted, and the insurrection of the negroes talked of as the
consequence, as well as the object of those Reforms which lie,
and those whd thought with him, desired to see accomplished. It
was held font that the Barbadoes Insurrections of 1816 would
be repealed. The violence and the activity had been with the
opposite parties; and when such language was adopted at Public
Meetings, the parties who heard it very naturally spoke of it
when they returned to their homes, and could it then excite
surprise that there was restlessness amongst the negroes?—
Besides that fact, there was one universal feeling amongst the
negroes, that the Parliament intended to do something fur their,
essential benefit, but that their masters resisted the adoption of
such beneficial measures. The truth was, as had been well ob-
served by one who was competent to judge of the subject, that the
negroes were on the tip-toe of expectation to kern the declarations'
of Parliament. But what would be their sensations when they'
found that the Alinisters paused, and that the Parliament also
paused? Just as they had got the cup to their lips, and were about
to partake, as they imagined, of the sweet draught of liberty, they
would behead it dashed from their hands. Such would be their'
feeling% and he feared the consequence would be, that they would
endeeveur to take the cause int, their own hands—( Hear, hear).
Ills prayers were, that such might not he the result ; but as he
apprehended such conseqeences, by the hesitating conduct of Par-
liament and the elinisters, as an honest man he was bound to
express his apprehensions—(llear, hear). And whit were they
to expect? What muse be the situation of men who had been lee
to form such expectations? They would appear sr if the lightness
of day had been withdrawn from them, as it they were again hurled
into all the gloom of daftness and hesitation. Then It became that
House, If it resolved to do anything, to do it qeickly, but tempe-
rately. He telt that if they slid not so act, the consequences would
not. fail to be most calamitous. If hopes had once been aroused in
the heart, and experienced -disappointment, dangerous irritation was
excited. 'lbex had an instance of that fact hi the French Revolution.
There the-hopes. and fears of an irritated population had been tri-
lled with, tilt eventually that explosion took piece which they all
too Well remembered. The like was the case with St. Domingo.
The calamities which took place there were occasioned by the
vacillating conduct of the French Convention, which enacted
measures one day, and reverse them the next. The consequence
was, that the Negro popu'ation conk their cause into their °Ott hands,
and the House knew the result. Ile was not satisfied with the
course proposed to be pursued by his Right Honourable Friend.
Ile was sure it would not be construed by the masters and the
slaves as it was desired that it should be) As to insurrections
being the consequences of the course which he (Mr. Wilber-
force) and his friends pursued, it was a remarkable fact, there
never had been fewer insurrections than what characterized
modern times. They used to be constantly taking place on
different estates, as well as on the islands generally ; but since
the efforts made during recent years, few insurrections had takes
place. It therefore could not he justly charged that such discon-
tents were occasioned by him, or those who thought with him.
If thu Government des;red that their experiment should be so tried
as to recommend it to the adoption of the other Islands, it ought to
I): tried under favourable circumstances. But in the present in-
stance it had b,en tried under unfavourable circumstances. Tri-
nidad was not favourable for the experiment. They were told that
strong language was held in the Colonies, but was it stronger than
had been used while the question of the Abolition of the Slave Trade
was in agitation ? The language was so strong then that some ex-
pected, it the abolition were carried, that the Islands would be for
trap letting their allegiance to other Powers, which Induced Mr.
Fox to say that he would prefer that they should transfer their alle-
giance, than that it should be retained at such cost. The threats then,
as now, had been idle, violent, and unseemly: If that House,
firmly and temperately proceeded, if the Parliament appeared re-
solved, there would not be resistance on the part of the Colo-
nial Assemblies ; but the Parliament must resoletely proceed.—
The Assemblies, naturally enough, might trot desire interference
between the masters and the sieves; in truth, they neither ap-
proved of the means for o 1 the ends. If it could be ascertained
whether they approved or diopproved of either, then there would
be some hope; and as that was the case, he urged the necessity of
that House firmly declaring wlAt they desired ;et see effected. If
they did not act hrmle, as well as 'le-melee they would, he feared,
have reason to deplore that decisive measures were not promptly
adopted. That house acted for the benefit of the master as well
as of eh: slave; and they ought to adopt measures that would put
an end to the feverish state-its which the Colonies now were—
measures that would surround the masters with a happy peasantry.
The negroes now felt a sense of their degradation—ehey deemed
themselves shut out front hope, and deprived of the opportunity of
using their talents for their own advantage. They knew that Do
liberal career was open to them—they considered themselves a de-
graded and an excluded class. In conclusion, he had only to re-
quire the House to emeniber that they were acting for the happi-
ness uf a large cum/nunity. What had been proposed would not,
he believed, answee the end expected and desired; he firmly be-
ilieved that it would effect anything but conciliation—(Hear).
Mr. K. DOUGLAS said.it was a great misfortune that the oast
of the West India Planters and Proprietors was not fairly and
rightly understood. The present condition of the slave popu-
lation skewed that there had been progressive improvement.
All knew what was the character of a slave population, and know-
ing that, they could imagine how great were the difficulties of pro-
, rioting their fitness td enjoy civil rights. He wished such facts to
be duly considered. •
Mr. BAILING said, he could have little prospect of being at-
tended to, after the speech which the House had heard front his
Honourable Friend near him (Mr. Wilberforce}—(Hear).—He was
,anxious to impress upon the House the strung sense helelt, in com-
mon with Ids Honourable Friend, as to the imminent state of the
present question. It appeared to him impossible that the House
could now pause ; in justice to the unfortunate slaves, on the one
hand, and the planters on the other, the' House must proceed and
do something decisive. His Majesty's Government seemed to be
blown about, Session after Session, by every wind, according as they
found the •%Vest Indian interests strong in one year, and those whom
he should briefly designate the Saints, in the nett--'l leaughter).-t-
