. . .
.tetle de France gives an article from Naples, of thej
91st July, which states, that " a great number of the
'soldiers of the army had deserted since Hay of the
keitoltition, who, it Appears, hive united under tht
bir"dtrs of General Prince de CA hil"A thtii is
reason.," it i§ added; " to fear that the Arat result of
our Constitutional regeneration will only be a civil I
war." The Paper which gives this news excrusivery,l
is the same, our Readers will observe, which gave,
also exclusively, the day befote, the news cf the
counterrevolutionary movements in Spain. We
shall not be at all surprised to find that they have
both had no other origin than in its own invention,
as accommodating, doubtless, as its veracity. When
we see this Paper elsewhere jeering at a great and
truly National Revolution as " the happy fruits of a
conspiracy," there is nothing, in the way of vile per-
version, which we need not look for in its columns.

Of the said counter-revolutionary movements in
Spain, by the bye, concerning which we made such
large quotations from the Gazette de France yester-
day, it is rather surprising that there is not. word in
the way of confirmation, in the Papers received to-
day. A private letter from Bayonne, of the '29th of
July, states on the contrary, that the whole of these
grand movements amounted to no more than some
feeble demonstrations of agitators without object and
without means.

trench 5 per Cents. Saturday, 78 fr. 95 c.

According to the accounts brought by Sir Home
POPHAM from the West Indies, St. Domingo is
menaced with all the horrors of civil war. Sir HOME
exerted himself Kith great address and energy to
bring about an amicable reconciliation between the
rival chiefs, King HENRY and President BOYER, but
in vain. he hostility between the Monarchical and
Republican partizans of Hayti is implacable. The
latter consider the former as in a state of abject
slavery. The Republican force, under BUYER.-
amounts to 85,000 men, not well clothed, nor uni-
eformly armed, but all animated by the notion that
they are about to rescue their fellow-creatures from
tyranny. Hostilities are expected to break out in
the present month of August.
Although Sir Home POPIIAM failed in his endea,
yours to prevent a civil war, he completely succeeded
with both in his negotiations for an amicable under-
standing with this country, by which.no countenance
is to be given to runaway negroes, or to depredators,
pirates, or deserters from our islands. In a letter
which President Boven wrote to Sir Home., in an-
swer to a requisition for the return of a vessel, called
the Flying Fish, carried off by some thieves from!
Jamaica, and with which the PRESIDENT at once
complied, he says, " the Republic- has no need of
such citizens, who, by their disloyalty, would give a
bad example to those who are solely actuated by
duty and honour."

The Meeting which was held yesterday, of the
Freeholders of Middlesex, for the purpose of resolv-
ing on an Address to the QUEEN, was more numerous
and respectable than any Meeting of this County
which has been held for several years. Mr. Pinot
Mooax, the Member for Coventry, moved the Reso-
lutions; and among the principal speakers in support
of them were, Mr. WHITBREAD, the Member for the
County; Sir. FRANCIS BURDETT, MT. HOBHOUSE, and
Mr. WAITUMAN.

Mr. Alderman WOOD also spoke, in returning
thanks for a vote, approving, in warm terms, of the'
part he had taken in behalf of the QUEEN; and in
the course of his speech, made one or two rather im-
portant statements on the subject. From what he
knew respecting the charges against her MAJESTY,
he felt convinced that it was impossible for any tri-
bunal on earth to find her guilty l So confident does
her MAJESTY feel in her innocence, that within the
last twenty-four hours she had declared to the worthy
Alderman, that " She would not change her situa-
tion for that of any woman in the world !" Mr.
WOOD farther confirmed the report which had gone,
abroad, that it is her MAJESTY'S intention to attend
in person, from day to day, during the proceedings.
The Resolutions, and the Address founded on them,
were carried unanimously ; and the Sheriff and County
Members were directed to present the latter to the
QUEEN. Mr. WHITBREAD, for himself, stated his
readiness to obey the order of his constituents. Mr.
BYNG, the other Member for the County, is at pre-
sent abroad.

Oa the question, which is still with every body the
theme of discussion, whether the proceedings against
her MAJESTY cannot yet be stayed, we meet in the
Times of this morning with some very forcible and
well written observations
• U (says the writer) the Queen is tried, she must be condemned
or acquitted. Suppose, for a moment, the first of these to hap-
pen. Although, in our opinion, were we obliged to give one,
the QueeN is innocent of the Grimes alleged against her, it does
not follow that we should hold the same opinion if she were.
once found guilty of the charge, erroneously constituted, in tom!
respects, as seems to us the tribunal before which she stands
upon her trial. But the question unfortunately does not rest
upon our persuasions, or on the assertions of Ministers, or even
on the voice of the Lords themselves. We shall not trifle on
this great subject by starting hypotheses where we have noto.
rious facts to proceed with. We state it, then, to be a fact in-
disputable, that among the middling and lower classes of this
country, comprehending nineteen parts out of twenty of its in-
habitants, there is • not one individual In one thousand whose
mind is not as firmly convinced of the Queue( innocence as of
its own existence. We keep our sentiments carefully out of
sight, arguing merely upon the prepossessions of the people; and
we ask, what must be the effect of a sentence of condemnation
passed upon the (Vets, while the mass of the community is so
riveted in the persuasion that such a sentence ought not to be
pronounced against her? Although our own belief or prejudice.
upon the subject might yield to the decision of the House of
Lords, is it not competent for us to inquire'how far a similar
change of belief would be likely to spring from the same cause
amongst the people of England ? In order to satisfy that peo-
ple of the integrity of such a decision by the House of Lords,
it will be essential to convince them that thewitnesses were un-
tainted—the judges unbiassed—the charge authenticated—and
the transgression unprovoked. If the witnesses are of mesa
degree, they are more liable to be bribed and suborned ; if they
cone from a country where, amongst their own ranks of life,
the obligation of an oatb is held in little reverence, they are the
more likely to be purchased at a low prices if they come from
their own country to swear amongst strangers, they are removed
f:otu the operation of what,lts Cockles their shame and pride,

and family and neigbboorhood, triLlst lzy uporievity or rerrip-
tlon. If the names of such witnesses, and their habitations, ant
the facts which it is hoped to establish by th:ir resiimot.y, be rigo-
rously withheld from the accuses part,, and list, too, Os a case
*hicks partakes of the nature; of High Treason, it will be. said by the
gr.at body o!' Englidtinen, that bad evEience bolsieredi
up by b_4l means--that the most depraved kviti.esset have beds
Protected against the or&.11 of cross-claininatio.::--that false-
hoods adduced ht surprise are incapable of being relented—
that no offence hail been proved, but that every witness has
been perjured. Now this is not our language; we describe
only the language which, under certain circumstances; Will be
teed by others. So much for the Witnesses in the cause. In
order, then, to ascertain whether the Quers's *lts have been
free from ail improper bias against her Masertv, the same

people who have iu severely serMinized the evidetce will ask,
who it was that Nought forward the charge? if kbe an-
swered, "the Cabinet Ministers," then they will inquire when
it was that sat in the Committee to report upon the nature and
grounds of the charge so presented to Parii_ment ? If it be
answered, "the Cabinet Ministers, togeth4i- with cettain other
Peers, who always vote with. the Cabinet Ministsri,," the i 11...
...

quire's; will next go on to ask, and who ere they that have
tried the cause, and delivered their judgmellt upon the charges
so brought forward by the Cabinet Ministers—so reported on
by the Cabinet Ministers and their nornine,s—supported by i
body of witnesses unknown to the accused, and selected by
Ministers ?" Suppose the ready answer to be—" Why, the
House of Lords, of which eight of the same " Cabinet Mi-
nisters," with all their friends on the Secret Committee, are
members—thus combining in their own persons the office of
Prosecutor, Grand Juror, Petty Juror, and Judge !! Now,
will not the people be apt to say, in what respect, as to sub-4
stance or form, do such proceedings partake of the purity or
integrity of British justice'? Will the mass of the community,
we demand, he satisfied that justice has been done—that the
offence has been really proved—that the guars has been fairly
sentenced? And if the nation are not so satisfied, can any mast
living rt fleet on the consequences without alarm ?
" But for the r tl)er alternathe :—lf the Q;;NEN be acqukted, is
there a Ministc r among them all who would g ire sixpence for
his tenure of office under such I defeat of all bit projects—un-:
der such an emblazoning of the injuries which he had attempted
—such proof irrefragable of the strength of that cause, on the
ruin of which he had staked at once his own favour with his
StIVERFICN, and the estimation of that Soizaruntr with hit
people ?** •* •" • •
What then is there so dreadful in an abandonment of the pro-
secution before they are compelled to abandon it? What is
there so terrible in a spontaneous achnuwledgment that it
would be impolitic to persist in the charge, when it may Mee
them from a forced acknowledgment that they bad instituted an
unjust prosecution? On this ground we feel that Mr. Witusza-
roucz, as the honest friend both of the KING'S Ministers and
of the public peace, will hasten to act upon the suggestion of
Lord J. Russatt, and to command them—for be can do so—
to withdraw the country from this dreadful and unfathomable
crisis. It is for their own sakes and ours—not for the interests
of her Mrtsrtxv, who has.shewn her alacrity to confront every
peril--that this course is recommended to the judgment of
Ministers. Whichever way it ends, should the process be con-
tinued, we hive shown that danger—that 1:14a—meets them.
Let them Withdraw in timeit will be a retreat: a little longer;
and it becomes a capitulation. Some grace may now atten4
them—hereafter, none."
Her MAJESTY is said to have herself addressed an
important letter to the KING, which, it is hoped, will
open the way to an adjustment.
Ministers have commenced preparations for the
accommodation of their Italian witnesses. The house,
in Cotton-garden, occupied by Sir TltoaiesTYtlwtlitrs
Mr. LEY, and other Officers of the House of Lord.,
are the places appointed for the use of these foreign
personages. The late occupants were obliged to turn
out yesterday, and their quitting upon such short no.;
tice produced no little bustle and confusion. Cotton-
garden is situate at the rear of the Western angle of
the House of Lords, to which it is approached by a
narrow passage from the eastern end a Abingdon-
street. A situation more completely isolated front
public approach, and more convenient for ingress and
egress to the interior of the House of Lords, cannot be
conceived. It has been therefore most judiciously chosen
by Ministers for the seat of the Italian witnesses, and
at the same time furnishes a complete answer to that
part of the argument against the QUEEN'S segues-. for 4
list of witnesses to be produced against her MAJESTY;
founded upon the danger of exposing them, if known,
to tampering and intimidation. Cotton garden 14
also the scite of the newly-constructed kitchens, scul-
leries, and other edifices necessary for the grand din-
ner in Westminster Hall on the ensuing Coronation.
These works were completed yesterday, and all fur.
they access to the scene is entirely cut off. The low;
flagged passage from the western end of the House
of Lords, by which the Westmintter scholars have
the privilege Of access to their boats on the River,
was also blocked up yesterday, by order of Govern-
ment. As soon as the new tenants begin to arrive
a strong guard will be placed. at the entrance.
