KlNti§ THEATIM

, Saturtay, the Opera of // Funafico per to Musica was
repeated to an equally brilliant assemblage RS on the
former evenings of its representations It would seem as
though' the appearance of Madame CATALAN! at this
Theatre had attracted the fashionable world to town
at an'earlier period than usual, and that it had been
I determined on, in the glittering circles of society, as it
were, tp antedate "the season►' On no former occasion,
certainly, at this time of the year, did we nocice the
box-renters in such frequent attendance as at present,.
and Madame CAtALANt may fairly t.tke to herself a
little " excusable pride" that she is the cause of it.—
•lhe arias which she gave with most effect were the
saute as Thrilled the subject of our former notice. We
cannot., however, too frequently repeat our applause
of the wonderful display• of vocal and scientific
power, the rapid and complicated involution of tones,
and the fine gorgeous Row of action with which she exe-
cutes the lesson—" Do se nie fir sol la," prescribed by
the engraged musician. Every variety of intonation
was here displayed; her voice•at one time " rose like a
stream of rich perfume upon the air," and subsided with
delightfully gradual descent to the lowest " musical
murmurings' of a gently•flowing till. Madame CARA-,
p!ii!! ALLEN sang a very beautiful air, with an impres-
sive tenderness and sedulously cultivated taste that
gave great delight, and that ;mike her every way worthy
to sing along with Madene CATALAN!.

SLAVERY AND 11'S ADVOCAFES.

(From the New Monthly Magazine.)
There is a species of moral obligation incumbent on
all who are connected with the Press, to suport the
cause of humanity upon every public question. If the
Means adopted to obtain a praiseworthy end be not
those which we may think the best that could be used,
still, if they have nothing wrong in them, it is idle to.
make a stalking-horse of them to draw off attention
from other points, Mid to bury the main object under a
mass of senseless' vituperation and sullen invective.
Such, however, has been the course pursued by the
publications which have espoused the cause of slavery
in this country—incited .by private interest, for which
they sacrifice every honourable principle and stifle those
better feelings that are perpetually struggling to be u pper-
most. As may be expected, such are weak allies in a bad
cause. They are the mercenary auxiliaries of an army
making little more than a shew on the day of battle.
We do not pretend to be in the secrets of the " saints,"
but we cannot forget that they have been the indefati-
gable friends of humanity, and stoodforth firmly even
when they stood alone in its cause. The praise which
they have fairly earned, they are entitled to keep, with-
out misrepresentation of motive. The names of Clark:
son and Wilberforce will descend to posterity with
honour, when trifling religious peculiarities are for-
gotten. Men who merit the praise of consistency in one
of 'the noblest causes of humanity, need not fear the
feeble attacks of raillery. They may afford to
be loaded with epithets of censure, and to be styled
charlatans and " humbugs." because they have not
re.ted content with demolishing the traffic in slaves, but
go further, and endeavour to effect the ultimate abolition
of slivery itself. Upon this question we fearlessly en-
roll ourselves on their site, and trust that the British
public will continue to afford its aid to all friends of the
abolition,,ind assist in removing this curse of Heaven,,,
this noon-day pestilence, from their country, as the dis-
graceful traffic must have been removed from the ocean,
had a lately deceased Minister performed but half his
duty to mankind at the general peace.
The object of the enemies of slavery in the proceed-
ings which have so enraged the West Indians and their
friends, was simply to ameliorate the 'condition of the
negro, by recommending that the scourge should be no
longer the excitement to colonial labour—that time
should be spared to the slave for cultivating his garden,
without applying the Sunday to that purpose—and that
every means should •be allowed him, compatible with
his situation, for acquiring moral and religious instruc-
tion. This has been regarded by the colonist as an un-
lawful interference in his private affairs. We hold that
the permission of slavery is a stain upon a modern Go-
vernment,let its interested advocates say what they may:
and -that where it already exists, the removal of the
stigma in the most politic manner is a solemn duty. But
what has been the head and front of offence among the
supporters of slave-abolition, and, indeed, on the part
of his Majesty's Ministers, but that they have taken the
mildest and most considerate step they could adopt,
and 'at 'as' good a time as could have been chosen, for
effecting a just and politic object? That it was a
practicable step we have seen, fur the island of Tobago
has adopted it, and Saint Kitt's (unless the-slave-owners
of Barbadoes, Jamaica, and Demerara should fit out an
expedition tc prevent it,'as the Barbadoes people threaten
to do for destroying Methodist chapels) will follow the
example. Though not directly in point, thenada has
sliewn a liberal spirit in another Way, by 'admitting free
persons of colour to the.privileges of the Constitution.
There was nothing in the letter of Lord .Bathurst, re-
commending this amelioration, that could be deemed
rash `or tQuixotic. It did not hint at emancipation, a
measure of which the tenure of property, the composi-
tion of society, and the state of the siegro Mind and
habit, forbade the contemplation but as a distant event,
in which the present generation of slaver could have-had
little chance of partaking. So remote was such a sub-
ject from the contemplation of liovernmeni, that it
would not admit the question to he discussed, and only
confined itself to hetteringlite -condition of the nerves,
leaving farther steps to time. This was all intended or
implied in the communication to the colonies, which.
was so sneered at in 'Jamaica, and which one of the
planters of Barbadoes la Mr. Hamden—what a misno.
mer !yassetts caused the insurrection in Demerara. This
person's assertion we do not believe. The negroes do not
peruse the newspapers, but their masters dos and rf that
insurrection did` not arise from other causes, the tocsin
was sounded by-the slave-owners themselves, whose un-
seemly conduct at the idea of an interference with their
concerns by the British Government, and their intem-
perance and -open rioting in other islands, might well ix
the attention of the slave, and induce him to believe
that his masters 'kept something behind the -curtain, and
did not display such anxiety for the trifling concessions
alone recommended by the British Minister. We be-
lieve that Government mill never be regarded, by
the majority of the planters, as entitled to take any
steps respecting the negro that may, perchake, lead
now, or at •any future time, to his emancipation. The
slave, his children, and children's children for ever, are
regarded by them as so many cattle— he whole and
sole property of their owners, who will not be dictated
to how they shalt manage or dispose of them. The
negro tins no rights: he and his posterity ere.to be slaves
interminably, and deerve 120 better tate ! That there
arc some who think other;,: ice among t'.e slave-holders

we know, but we speak here of the majotity. A planter
possessed of a considerable estate in one of the larger
islands, and a long resident on it, declared the other
day inLondon, that could free labour he brought to
bear, he should be the first to hail k as highly advan-
tageous for all; but added:if I whispered such an ,opi• '
I
pion at home should be compelled to fly from my
property.--o By the negrocs r --.. No, by my brother
planters!"
Too many of the planters dislike the idea of slave-
instruction; their power would necessarily be abridged,
more decency be observed in intercourse with the ne•
gtoes, and manylong-standing vicious habitsbe changed,
to which they naturally have a repugnance. They have
not been sparing in the exhibition of their bad spirit on
the present occasion. hi Jamaica they have repealed,
the Registration Bill, and have talked loudly and pre-
sumptuously of 7 defying the Government at home, and
being freelike the Americans, as if there had been an)
analogy between the Pennsylvanians and New Englanders
of America and their cause, and that of the West Indian
slave•holders •!, What is Jamaica but the property of
Britain by the right of conquest, a colony unable to
support itself against its immense slave population,
1 without digging inglorious graves for the brave soldiery
whorls it is 'necessary to send him En...lland for its safe.
&uard ?. These colonists. then; are like the fly on the Coach-wheel,
tbach-wheel, swelling and butting in their own impos
tency. have these islands cost us no life and treasure ?
was not the trade of the merchant to other tntinteies
shackled for their benefit, and does it not tontintie so ?
vand was it too much to ask a slight tOrrtession ler the
cause of humanity in return? Away, then, with such
boastings. Let, therefore, the conseqtences of their ob•'
stinacy be upon their own heads; for we boldly assert,'
what is as clear to us-as norm-day, thatthe negro mos,
lation of the West Indies, if not instructed and prepared
by degrees for eventuul emanciration, and the • being
amalgamated into free society, will, by the unerring
[operation of natural causes, by and bye burst its thral-
dom in its savage state; and fearful will the moment be.
. But if anything were wantio,g to slim the 'spirit with
which the planters viewed the sober tequest of the Mi-
nister, we may turn from Jamaica to B.irbadoes, where
Men, not of the rabble, and boastful that they are not
so, demolish the dissenting thane's, and tall upon all
persons who are " true lovers of religion" to put an end
to Methodism in the West Indies. When the Governor
offers a reward for-the perpetrators of the outrage, be
is answered by a proclamation from these brutalriuters,
who style themselves 44 ninestenths of the•community,"
and even go so far as to print bills, callittg riptsn 'other
colonies to imitate their tramples Can they now libel ,
Wilberforce for speaking of their moral depravity?
This is a specimen of what sort of stuff negro-drivers are
formed, and is a melancholy picture of the social man-
ners of Barhadoes, and the hopelessness of such persons
ever amicably and cordially uniting with Government
to blot out the national dishonour. Lovers of 14 true res• 1
ligioa,' no doubt, they are; and what tht4r notion of
nisto
" true religion" is, it may not be difficult to conceivil
• it is not, then, the proceedings in Parliament that make the negro
dissatisfied; the selfish spirit and noonday violence of the col° •
are the causes, and act immediately upon the slave population.
(To be colaiasted.)

•
• LENT ASSIZES.
OXIVAD, AI Reis 4.
John Carter, the celebrated pugilist, wasindicted for
stealing, on the 24th of June last, a paper-parcel from
the Banbury mail, containing two 51. notes and three 11.
noses of theßanbury Bank, the property of John Payne.
Mr: PaYne•proved putting the parcel into the mail.
William Pemberton, the coachman, proved that he
put the parcel into the pocket on the left side of the
coach, the only inside passengers being 'the prisoner and
an old Lady (Mrs. Gold), who was set down before the
coach arrived at Woodstock. Two tildes beyond the
place where he put down Mrs. Gold, he missed the par-
cel, and when' lie missed it, he charged the prisoner, the
only-person in the coach, with stealing it. The prisoner
said, 44 So belp me Q— I have not got it," and turned
his pockets inside otttward. When they got to Wood-
stock the witness insisted that prisoner had got it, Asia'
the prisoner denied. trhe witness desired him to pull
off his shnesi he did so, when witness saw paper, and
' That's the pareel;" on which the prisoner, with
a very violent exclamation, gate witness a blow on the
cheek, Whichicnotked'eat one of his teeth, and put his
shoe on again. The prisoner then appeared to put sotpe-
thing into his'trowsers, and also to have put something
into his stocking. Witness searched no further.
Mrs. Gold proved that ste took xway•no parcel ex-
cept'hor ow o.
Carter,in 'his defence, said he frequently got out-to
drink gin with the coachman,-and while they were doing
'so, persons from time to time went to the coach.
The Learned BartoN summed up the evidence. Ver-
dict—'GOilty. Sentence—Transportationfur seven years.
• TAT'AI. aver..—Mr. HAltVirir RETREItI N °TON, who
• fought a duel with a Gentleman-of the name of SWAYNE,
on
.Itoyston-common, on Wednesday, died on Saturday.
The ball‘from his antagonist had lodgedin his side,. and
could not be extracted. Thedispute originated at the
Atterton Park .Coursing Meeting.
4n.-the cause Clay v. the Taunton and Bristol Canal
'Company, which was tried at the adjourned Session:
held et Taunton, on Wednesday, a verdict, damages
it 1,400, with the three bridges-on •the farm, was given
in favour of Mrs. Gray, for severing her estate, tailed
'suckland farm.
The Legislature of Massachussets has by law for-
bidden -the substitution of an qffirrantion for an oath, in
a Court of justice, by those who are conscientiously scru-
pulous upon the subject, as the Quakers, &c. " because
it would have a mischievous tendency, to discredit wit-
nesses in -civil and criminal ttials.'
The ComMittee appoitited by the House of Commons
to 'lnquire into the state of the laws in the United Kingdom, re-
specting artizans leaving the Kingdom) and the exportation of
machinery, have mado-their first report, by which it appears, that
both laws have beetillitlicrto useless, for machinery has been ex-
.portr,:, and artizans have gone abroad. The only thing those laws
have done has been to encourage the manufacture of foreign machi-
nery, and the bringing up of foreigners to be mechanics. in propor-
tion, therefore, as foreign machinery and foreign aril/vans have been
encouraged, so in proposition have British artizain and British
machinery been discouragell..and it appears clear, that if these
laws are suffered to remain, Europe will supply itself with ma.
chiurry and artisans, and that it will also supply the rest of the
world.(ezclusively, of course, of England) with both the one and
'the other. In this. branch of commerce, therefore, should these
taws continne, England would eventually manufacture machinery
for her own use only. So much for laws made by our ancestors...T.
So nittch fur legislative enactments and legislative provisions, of
which there has been so much _said ais tax their beneficial tendency.
This Report also eztenk to the Cotiobinatiow Ladh, made to pre-
vent men and masters front settling.between thiamivesthe psiee
of labour. .
A Dublin Paper-says, • " there are now five hunerpd
and ',tiny practi.ing Roisters in Dublin r. If all of them get a
living, we should suppose it must be by pretty sharp practice;
Tne first Volume of -Mr. Goon.' N'S History' of M.
Cummenrealth of England, haijust appeared. It aunVini the Ciril
War tibia Ib4b to 1645.

61 4

TR
1: ARMY. •
rite 58th. Regtinem entbarked at Pocumouth In the transplKS
fedi= Trader, Lieutenant Jolla THODIP6OII (Agent)ialld the Via*.
Lieutenant Coot.ar, and sailed foe:Cork ; but the Wiled lagailitle
latter put back on Friday. These transports will take the 5d ige-
ran Battalion from Cork to Guentiey, Jersey, and Languard Furt ;
the 75d Regiment, from those islandrto Plymouth; and the tilst He.
gtment front Plymouth to Ireland.
The 55th Regiment, Colonel airwaves Blown (just raised), was
ordered to embark at Portsmouth fur the NlFtliterraneac on Saturday.

MILITARY -PRO 310TIO •
Commissions in the Leicastershite Regiment of Militia, signed by
the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Leicester.
Captain William Davis Jervis to be .hlajor vice Aitley, who rep
signs; Lieutenant Augustus Hubbard Lafargue to be Captain, -
vice Jervis, promoted; Ensign Richard river to be Lieutenant,
vice Lafargue, promoted.
Commission in the Royal Cardigan Regiment of Militia, signed by
his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County of Cardigan.
Lieutenant Richard Owen Powell to be Captain, vice Lewis,
promoted.
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ayrshire.
Alexander Cuoingham to be Cornet in the First Corps of Ayr',titre
Yeoinahry Cavalry, vice Cowan, promoted.; John Richmond to
be Surgeon in the Second Corps of Ayrshire Yeomanry Cavalry,
vice Donaldson, appointed to the Royal Ayr Militia.

1

-Ii

.4' . cv74
„1.,,,,,i,.........
.....17,,,,,t4....
....1.1?„...,..0L,.; .
.:....... , _,..... .

~, . '

The We and Tines of Salvator Rosa. By Lady Morgan.
2 Vols. Bvo.
(Concluded from the Seas of Thursday.)
"In Italy a public taste inevhably sprang from this
political expediency; and habitsof long-practised judg-
=tilt and well-exercised discrimination produced the
singular phenomenon of a nation of virtuosi. Towards
the commencement of the sixteenth century the Roman
and Tuscan people had become, with respect to paint-
ing, what the lowest of the Athenians had once been'
with respect to language ! The orators of a free Go-
vernment had made a nation of philulogi-ts ; a Church
despotism had created a population of dilettanti. For
Governments, in particular stages of society, make the
people; in others, the people make the Governments.
" While the natives of a country, which once fought
Inc the mastery of the world, were occupied with an
art to which all pretended, the munificent merchants of

the Italian Republics 'turfed into competition with
• Poises and Princes ; and if they could not outbid such
sumptuous competitors, they at lesst assisted in raising
the price of the precious commodities.- Thus, from the
period when poetry held the ascendant in the persons
of Dante and Petrarch, to the birth of philosophy in
tilt cradle of Galileo, the rich rewards of genius flowed
exclusively in one channel, and were lavished on those
great painters and sculptors, whose works, while they
beautified churches and embellished shrines, contri-
buted to extend a system that rejected no ally however
feeble, nor refused any support however incongruons.
" The great poets of the sixteenth century were
forced to woo their patrons; the painters were to be
courted, and were rarely won unsought. The immortal
creators of the a Jerusalem' and the Orlando' waited
despondingly in the antichambers of the pitiful D'Este,
while Vinci took his place in the saloons of Kings, and
Titian rejected the invitations of Emperors.°
Towards the close of the sixteenth cen-
tury, new interests and new wants arose, which occa-
sioned new adaptations of human ingenuity. The lie.
formation came—the greatest event of modern times.,
It was the policy of the new religion to carry on her
system by a stern rejection of all the meretricious
means by which the old church had effected her scheme
of u.urpation. She wanted no pictures, and patronized
110 artists.f Equally bent upon supremacy as her great
predecessor, she called in new aids to accomplish her
ends; .he affected to engage reason on her side, and to
found faith on proof. But more bent ofi her object,
than considerate of her means, she discarded too little
or too much ; and did not foresee that reason, usurping
the ter, ivory it was called in to defend, would eventu-
ally t atm light on the retained abuses,
:as it had 'Ton
th•ise rejected. In discarding the arts and preserving
the tithes, the reformed church at once loosened her
stro ,Kest hold on the imagination, and armed the • •
cal 'dating passions against her.
Philosophy, meanwhile, leaving reFotm to its strut.
gl s, and theology to its sophisms, availed herself of
t e license of the times, and of the inquiring spiritof
tire age. She same forth with her great ezpeiimental
truths to better the condition of humanity, to lessen its
inflictions, to meet its wants, and to diminish the many
ills which Ash is heir to.' fler object was the hap-
piness of mankind ; and her agent, knowledge. Ob-
siructed in every step of her. progress,—condemned as
infidel, for expounding the laws cf naturevL-and perse-
cuted for truths, for which she deserved to be deified,
still she advanced—slowly indeed, but firmly: moral
and physical evil, error and disease, bigotry and the
phigue, receded before her luminous progiess. Philo-
sophers, it is to ue, perished. in the dungeons of inquisi-
tions, or fed the flames of In auto da fe ; but philoso-
phy survived and ttinanphe'd.. Nut so the art, which
Lad so long made a part and parcel of the church and
state legislature of Christendom.
" In the begioning of the seventeenth century, the
great market for painting was closing, never again to
be open with equal splendour, save under the presiure
of exigencies, vast, influential, and _incorporated with
the interests of society, as those in which the prosperity
and perfection of the art had originated. The grind
historical acid epic masters of the splendid. sehtkili of
Rome, Tuscany, and Lombardy, the sc%ooli of R.4hiel,.
eel Da Vinci, and of the Cirracei, were now replaced by
the-well-named g Dependeatil of Cardinals, by the court
limners of the Bourbons, and the 'sergeant pay otors
of the.Stuarts,—the subservient decOrators of the Es-
curial, the Tuileries, and Whitehall. The system of
politics, which, in the beginning of the seventeenth cen-
tury, drove nearly all Europe to the haiardous'expe-
riment of revolution, had its influence on the arti; and
assisted with other causes to degrade its professors. It
was in vain that such names as Rubens, Poussin, and
Vandyke, illustrated and almost redeemed the list of
court painters of this degraded epoch. Even the Wil-
liam genies Of such men submitted to the influence of
the.times I and an eternal series of hatchet-faced kings
and BA ten-wigged queens, with all their allegorical
virtues,—unreal as the monsters by which they were
represented,—afford a running commentary on the dic-
tation imposed on the art, and en the influence exercised
by the presuming patronage and the overweening con-
ceit of princely pretenders.
" Royal vanity, which, like " self-love, loves pr.
triits,"s circumscribed those talents which should have
belonged to ages and to nations, within the narrow limits
• Leonardo da Vinci was the guest of Francis the First, and
died ha his arms at Fontainebleau. Titian refused the special invi-
tations pf Charles the Fifth, and of Philip the Second, his son.
t Among the votes pasted in the Parliament of 1656, were
two sufficiently singular, eaceeding even, the persecution of the ans
by the first Protestant Reformers. Ordered that all such pictures
--diere (in the Royal Collection) as shall have the representation of the
s coral prams of the Trinity on them. shall be forthwith burnt;
that all such pictures as have the representation of the Virgin Mary
upon them; shall be forthwith burnt.' The pictures without any
superstition uPon them were fold fur the benefit of Me peer /nab !!
See Xliersatif the Jiousel Cantata.
This destruction of pictures during the first heat of the Here-
lake, wallas sortie measure political as well as religious ; being a
eoutiter-bleep to that taste for the Fine Arts, which Charles had en-
deavoureA to reader national, to the neglect of better things. -
_ 6 Varteir pars ;shoe les portraits.' La iSruyere:— Of this
axiom, Queen lAilalklh, Clarks the Fliut, and Louis the Four-
teentb, give the nitist spitting illustrations. 'Omen Elizabeth Made
it penal to buy an ugly picnire, and lea wwiesa for a limner not to
Rater her. She is generally represented with all the attributes of
royal power and sovereign beauty, while Junos, Valuers, and Mi..
nerves Ay before her to hide char diminished beads where they
may. aorta tie melancholy visage is to be seen in every
collection is )]trope, iron the eareberiens portraits which filled his
own gallery. tlercepteets el which were so dispersed. Ile made
Rembraldt paw *it a Saint George; and Vandyke and others
painted Wee voila the form et every east. in the Calendar. Louis
the Fourteenths sea the coetreeyi,Seurieheses the walls and ceilings
Veresilles and of the Tuileries a Jepeter tor AO* surrounded
by his asistreems as the Green; while the virtue* WO oddly enough

of Illackfriars§ and the . Louvre.. It was in vain tat
state ministers created academies, that state-mistresses
awarded prizes, tha, orders were conferred and pensions
were granted. Still,' with all opplianco and raeoPtetb keiPts
thegenius of painting sunk beneath. such distinctions.
The secret and the importance of the art were lost to-
gether.ll The fires which had warmedthe soul of Michael
Angelo under the dome of the Vatican, were iluencbeik'
the zeal which led the pilgrim steps .of the Caracci and
their disciplesi to Rome and •Naples, was no•more ;'
and, towards the end of the seventeenth century, that
long list of illustrious masters, who, by their mighty;
genius and lofty spirits, had raised the art to its highest 1
excellence, and given dignity to the profession, was
closed for ever, and terminated in the person of one,
well worthy of the splendid but melancholy pre-erni-
trence,—one who, distinguished above all his predeces-
sors as the

' FamosO pittore delle eose
has still been more celebrated than known, by the name
of SALVATOR ROSA.-
" The Flemish school, which succeeded to the Italian,
was comparatively but of short duration. It opened
and closed within a century. From Cimabite, the
founder of the Italian school, to Calla Maratti and Sal-
•Atmr Rosa, who were esteemed the lad of its atastent,
there is included a space of nearly five centuries."

DOMESTIC ECONOMY.
Preservation of Eggs and Potatoes.
The Scotch method of preserving eggs, by dipping
them in boding water, which destroys the living prsn •!
ciple, is too well known to need further notice.
The preservation of potatoes, by similar treatment, is
'also a valuable and useful discovery. Large quantities
may be cured at once, by putting them into a basket ssi
large as the vessel containing the boiling water will ad-,
mit, and then just dipping them a minute or two at the,
utmost. The $4, m, which r, so near to the skin, is thus!
" killed," without injuring the potatoe. In this way se;
venal tons might be cured in a few hours. They should
then be dried in a waim oven, and laid up in sacks or !
casks, secure from the frost, in a dry place.
Another method of preserving this valuable rout is,
first to peel them, then to grate them down to a pulp,,
which 1. put into coarse cloths, and the water squeezed
out by putting them ilto a common press, 6y which
means they are formed into fiat cakes.
There is yet another method practised by some people,
which is very effectual—namely—by cutting out, with''
a small pointed knife, all the eyes or germs. There is'
no need that the wound be either•cleep or large, as the
germ is very easily dissolvei.

alkgositxd as monsters. Still, hi all these portraits there is much
of the " human face dieine ;" but what will posterity say to the
pictures of some of the " Singes titres" of reigning dynasties?
—those of Sardinia and Naples, for instance —or even of the
portraits of Rae 0 Hun, the Goth, and the Calinue," as inseparably
connected as Brown, Junes, aid Robinson (the heroes of" Read-
ing made easy"), and henceforward to be designated in history as
the " three Gentlemen of Verona?.
§ Vandyke, when he arrived in England, was lodged among the
King's artists at Blackfriars, whither the -King frequently came,
bespeaking pictures of the Queen, his children, and his courtiers.
d Portrait-painting, as a distinct branch of the art. only begin
with the commencement of the seventeenth century, when the name
of " ritrettinr was given to the Italian limners of that day. "
we have other pictures titan portraiu (says H. Walpo/e), and paint-
ing has ampler fields to range in than private apartments, it is in vain
to expect that the arts will recover their genuine lustre." Kneller,
the last eminent name given to the arts before that barbarous in-
terval which occurred in England between his day and that of Sir
J. Reynolds, had turned the profession into a trade. Such men,
where they offered one picture to (ante, sacrificed twenty to lucre,
and lessened their own reputation, by making it subservient to their
fortunes.

llonsiniclitcso, Lacifranco, &c.

PRIVILEGES OF•tHE-BAR.

' .
COViT b 17111.3,4 in. gair.
Thi Record,'Stourgeo.n.9..DoUglaf, and others, came
on for it this 'day, before 'Mr. JustiCat JEST.
Mr. WALIAca stated.the'case.of the plaintiff, Stogy
geon; towirdi the citnclusiais he made reflections uplM
the character of Mr, Birlow, an eminent and highly re-
sPectable Solicitor, of :North Greif ..Georgesi-street,
grounded 'upon the anticipation of that gendentan's
coming forwaid to give his testimony as to the identify-
ing the hand-writing of the testator, whose will was the
Ilmsbject matter of controversy, in,4much as Mr. B. de-
''rived a. considerable interest himself under the will; the
observations were strong, forcible, and severe.
After the rising of the Court:Mr. Birluw, who was
of Gouwel for the defendants, and SOll to the Gentle-
Man reflected upon by Mr. Wallace; publitly addressed
the latter Gentleman, and told him that passage in his
pitatement, alluding to his father, 41 was grossly false."
'SOme conversation passed; and the Getitlerrien retired.

Nest day, when the Court was about to rise,
Mr. CIUDIPrON rose to make a Motion connected
with the privileges of the Bar, which, ha said, ivtts'vio.
listed in the pei son of an able and mtable member
belonging to it. The offence complained.of Was a
great violation of the law—a great personal insult—
and much to be deprecated, even upon the.scoce of the
public justice of the country.; He coacluded_with
moving for an attachment against Mr. James Barkiw,
for the warm language which had .been used .by. that'
Gentleman to Mr. Wallace: He held in his hand an
affidavit touching these facts.
Covar—No doubt the course which remains to be
punned, is, indeed, avery painful one..

Mr. ilotstes said, if a criminal information was
moved for, an opportunity would be afforded of an-
swering it.
The Counr would give time to answer the charges
stated in the affidavit.

Mr. WALLAca said, the present proceedings were to
him most painful, but he would consider himself un
worthy to wear a .bar gown, or hold the rank of a
British subject, if be submitted to the violation of the
law in his person. He could not charge himself with
having used any expressions that he would retract, if
the Gentleman (Mr. B.) was to have given his evi-
`dence. His case was not a personal one, and he was
no further interested, than as it was connected-with the
dignity of the profession to which" he belonged.
The COURT would not feel that Mr. Wallace was
worthy to hold the high situation and rank of one
of his Majesty's Counsel, had he so far forgotten the du-
ties annexed re his, as not to bring the matter before
the CoUrt. Mr. Wallace's manly avowal in , the case
was to be approved—the interest of public justice made
it imperative I'm him to act as he had done.
A copy of. Mr. Waaace's affidavit,was ordered to be
surved upon Mr. Xiallow trickly.
stonnay, MARCH 1.
Mr, CRAMPTON rose to move the Court touching the
difference between the two legal Gentlemen, when
The itnms said, that Mr. BArlow was bound over to
appear an the firsr day of the next Term, and which
was ruled en the book of the Court. This termination

of the difference gave considerable satisfaction to the
friends of both the Gentlemen.

~ .._

~1 .~ ~ ~ .

r")

. •

POLICE INtELLIGE.VCE.
• mANsio7ctiousr. •
satvtial.„,Cosr nekiir, who stands charged with having stolen
upwards bf 411000 in Bank-notes, out of the banking-house of
Pialaws. Lloyd and Jones, of Lothbury, was brought up for final
einutUnetion- Some of the stolen notes were passed at Gravesend
acid. Bristol, where the prisoner was well knoWn, but from either ot,
these places no witness appeared. The Bankers appeared to b,
quite satisfied with the evidence affecting the -110 Moe, and eon.
quite satittietl with the evidence affecting the EiO titite, and con.
oed thanisehtes to that cue. Mr. Wood, one of thesa4hiers, wbre
wps sorting the nqpes at the time the robbery was committed, could
peg Identity the prisoner as the robber, but was confident tile £lO
Wit produced was in the parcel.— Mr. 'l'ootley, another cashier,
iweeived the £lO note about four o'clock of the day of the robbery,
.11W had not since taken it out for circulation. Other clerks had,
access to the drawer in which it was deposited, but none had I:een
dismissed on account of the robbery.—A third cashier said he sat
iu such a Position as to be aisle to see very distinctly the person of
the thief; be was standing quietly in a part of the office, and cud-
dealy darting upon the notes, made his ese.sr, the upper part of
his face was exactly like that of the prisoner, but the lower part was
not so thin.
Mr. floyd said, had he taken any notes from the drawer, on the
day of the robbery, he should have madean entry of It. it was ob-
served that mistakes of the kind had occurred, and the note might
Lave been put in circulation bysome onewho had access to the drawer.
The Lona MATO% was of opinion the case was sufficiently strong
to scud to a Jury, and although Mr. Wilde pressed a postponement,
the prisoner was cominitted.

GO W. ST RF.F.T.
Late on Saturday evening, Thomas Frederick Crease and Etizandlk.
Amin, his wife, were brought before G. H. Miasmas., Fog. to
the cestody of Salmon, one of the principal officers, charged on sus.
picion of stealing jewellery, and other valuable property, to
amount of about £Boo, from the house of Mrs. Kealy, a Lady re.
siding in Upper Harley-street.
Mrs. Kealy is as aged and very Infirm Lady, and the female pri-
soner had lived in her service for nearly le years, was her constant at-
tendant, and possessed her entire confidence. Heiconduct was irre-
I proachable, and so high was the opinion entertained of her by her
mistress, that she was entrusted with the care of everything of value
in the house. Some time ago abt formed an acquaintance with the
hale prisoner, who is a translator of languages, well known tat
' many of the principal booksellers, and considered an accomplished
1 young nun ; and within a few weeks they were (as she avers) ruar.
ried. She suddenly absrondeil from Mrs. lealy's house, and of count:
a circumstance so unlooked-for and so extraordinary excited I
suspicion that all was not right. Mrs. Keely,s drawers and abet
places or deposit were examined, and it was discovered that almost,
all her valuable jewellery and articles of that description were gone.,
Every watch was made fur her and her bulb .nd, but in vain. Such
evidence, however, was obtained as to place the delinquency of the
absent parties almost beyond a doubt, and an indictment was pre-
ferred against them before the Grand Jury, a true bill found, and
a Judge's warrant issued. The warrant was put into the hands
of Salmon, who Otained information that the prisoners were gone
to the Continent. He followed and traced them to Ostend; where,
in a few hours, he succeeded in apprehending the woman, but was
not so successful with repeet to the Mill, until just as :.e was about
Ito embark, when hr discovered him he rather a singular manner.
Salmon called in at an English tavern, where he wa, known, and
while speaking to the landlord, he saw the prisoner sitting. He bad
never seen him before, but feeling convinced, from the description
he hattreeeived, that he must be the man he wanted, hi called him
by name, and soon found. that he, was right. On "'retching the pri-
soners, he found sonic books and a bunch of keys belonging to Mrs.
Kealy, and pawnbrokers duplicates for a portion of the stolen jewel.
kry, which had been pledged in this country. These were sealed
up by the proper authorities at Ostend, and Salmon brought them
with the prisoners, to England.
The prisoners were brought before the Magistrate separately, the
woman first. She was absorbed in tears, and when asked if she
wished to say anything, she sobbed out, " Nothing, Sir." The other
pannier, when put' to the bar, seemed perfectly composed; and in
answer to an intimation from the Nlagistrate. that be was at liberty
so say anything he pleased, be merely said, " 1 shall say nothing at
present, Sir."
Tile prisoners were committed to separate. jails foe a final exanii.
nation on Sattirday nett.

UNIVERSITY and CLEiI. CAI! INTELLIGE.VM

-
CAMBRIDGE. MARCH 3.
Friday, Thomas Hall, Nag: William Crawley, Esq. and John
Crosland I.lsq. Bachelors' Of Arts, of Magdalen College, were ad--
mined Follows of that Society.
Ur. Peter Still, of King's College, was on ;he Asme day admitted
Fellow of that• Society.
Mr. Alfred Po*tr, of Clare Hall, season Thursday Ileeted Uni-
iersity Scholar, on Dr. Ilattie's foundation. :" • ••••• •
Mr. John Gore, of Cates Cargo; arm, s Weditolsoloy last, ad-
mitted Bachelor .of Atts. • •
OXFORD, )44.R.FR S.:
February 20, the fbllOwing Dejiressi were conferred :
Maseru or Aers—ReS. Cleo*, • Stamp Robinson, Fellow of
New College • Rev. Frederick Ascots, University College ; Rev.
John Glaniae, Radio' College ; Rev. Cecil &tort Smith; Balliol
College; George Gtyy, Oriel College;- Rev. Charles Anthony
Hunt, Manua College.
Bacurtoas or Acts.—John Chas. Jas. lloskyns Ab• akall, Scho-
lar of Wadham College ; Theophilos Bennet lioskyns .Abraball,
Wadham College; Miles Cooper &shoo, tbileD'S College; Tobias
Furneauxi Magdalen Hall; William Robert Newbolt, Student of
Christ Church • Neil Malcolm, Christ Church; Henry Fuller, Sc.
Alban Hall; drlando Hamlyn WWiam,, Balliol College; Thomas
Fogg, St. Joint's College ; Edward Baldwin, St. John's College :*
Hobert Isaac Wilberforce, Oriel College; John Bramston, E:riel
College; George. Trevelyan, Oriel College.
Yesterday, the following Degrees were conferred :
Bicum.oxi, Divoarr.—Rev. Anthony Grayson, Principal of
St. Edmund 114. •
Moines Aess.—ltev.JohnVesey Hamilton, Magdalen Hall;
Rev. Fraucis Harriman Hutton, Wadham College.
13acuatoas or AIM Thomas Cos, Es q. Worcester College,
grand compounder ; Thomas Moore Poskett, Pieter College.
At a private Ordination held on Sunday, by• the Honourable
and Right lice. the Bishop of Gloucester, the following Greekpien were ordained:
Deacon.— Alfred Ilarford, B.A. Christ College, Cambridge.
Patiarrs.—Thomas Jones, U.S. Wailbans College OrTord ; John
Ilartley, B. A. St. Edmund Hall; ()skied; Joseph "Bray, B.A. St.
John's College, Cambridge. . • • .
Siturday, the 28tb ult. Mr. Edmund Hammond, B.A. of Uni-
versity College; 3lr. Algernon Greaten, Ealsibitiotier of Corpus
Christi College ; and Mr. Peter Hansel', Commoner of Wadham
College, *sere elected Scholars of !University College, on the Foun-
datlistr of far *Simon Bennet, Bart.
• -, • ECCLESIASTICAL PROMOTIONS.
The Rev. Chas. Saunders Skelton Dupuis has been elected a Fel-
low of Pembroke College, Oxford. .
Tuesday, de Rev. Dr. Smith, Canon of Christ Claud, Oxford,
was Installed to the Deanery ()flint Cathedral.
The Rev. Christopher Lipscombe, M. A. Fellow of New College,
Oxford, has been appointed Bishop of Jamaicarin the West Indies.
Rev.. Francis Lean, B.D. of Magdalen College, Oxford, has been
instituted to the Rectory of Chilmark, vacant by the death of the
Honourable and Rev. Alfred Harris, on the presentation of the
Earl of Pembroke.

Rev. T: Sweet Emote* Prebendary of, Wells, Somerset, to the
Rectory of Coombe Florey.
The Rev. John Preston, of Ktnietany; County Limerick, has
been presented with a valuable living in the diocese -of Ferns.
The •Rev. James Wetnyss, preacher of the Gospel, is appointed
Minister of the pariah of Orwetl, in the Presbytery of Dunfermline.
The Rev. Kenneth M'Kenzie is, by an unanimous call of the
congregation, appointed to the Gaelic Chapel of Gorbals, Glasgow.
The Bishop of Exeter has licensed the Hes. Samuel Dewe, M.A.
to the Mastership of the Devooport Classical and Mathematical
School, on the nomination of the trustees of the school.
The Rev. Peter Fraser, M.A. senior Fellow of Christ College,
Cambridge, and Chaplain to his It. H. the Duke of Cambtidge,has
been presented to the living of Bromley, by Bow, Middlesex.
Thursday Woolen, in Convocation, the Rev. Hobert Stephen
Stevens, M.A. Senior Fellow of Wadham College, was elected
sad presented to the Vicarage of South Petherwyn and Trewen,
hi the county of Cornwall, in the room of Dr. Shaw, deceased.
The Lord Chancellor has presented the Rev. Richard Stephens,
S.D. late Fellow and Tutor of Brasennose College, to the Vicarage.
of Helgrave' Leicestershire, by reason of lapse from the late Bishop
of Lichfield and Coventry.
The Hon. and Rev. Geo. Pellew M.A. has been promoted to
the Prebendal Stall of Osbaldwick, in York Cathedral, vacant by
the death of the Hon. and Rev. T. A. Harris.
The 11ev. A. Gray ston' A.M. to the V icor* of Brantley, MR
cant by the death of the Rev. IL Wheatley.
The Rev. H. Gibson, M.A. to the Vicarage of Bolton-b).thil:
Sand', vacant by the death of the Rev: J. Thum..
The Very Nev. Dr. Hall, late Dean of Chribt Church, has bean
installed in the Deanery of Durham, by the Right ltev.• he IRshep
of Oxford, by commisdou from the Eight Rev. the Bisho• if
Durham.

:` •e.:._

il•- - - 4-..
.----- 3
= . .- - -
, .
IVES " ''.o-9 ''', - .
~% ••
...r.r. ....
' -4,-..-‘4.• ti
