;It. COURTENAY'S NEW WORK, Price 4s.

AN HISTORICAL and PRACTICAL TREATISE
on SYPHILIS, Gonorthea, Glrets, Seminal Weakness,
Strictures, Eruptions, Nudes, and Nocturnal Pains, so frequently
Mistaken for Rheumatism. These subjects are ill usts ated by a variety
of highly interesting cases, together with the Miseries of a Secret
Vice, so long and so unhappily pursued by the youth of botlisezeis.
In the one it will be found the unfailing source of Barrenness; the
other %netts ravages lastly developed by a distressing state of
debility, which, if not timely remedied, terminates in Impotence;
Hnoekte its remote and ultimate effects, while Consumptions', loss
df Ilencllar Power, and various Nervous Complaints. usually cha-
taterise the earlfest stages of this most destructive add insidious
habit; for the cure of which, a mode of treatment, the result of
lan and successful practict. and at once safe, speedy, and effectual,
is adopted by the Author. • With concluding Remarks on the evils
lashing from attempts at Self Cure.
• Principits obsrs ; seto medicine paratur.
By C. R. COURIENAY„ M.U. Rolsert-street, Adelphi.
hibtlil for the Author: Published .s sl sold by Sutherland,
Carltorestrett, Edinbsrgb; Sherwood and Co. Patenioster-
Onwkyn, 4. Cktiier.ne.strect, Strand; Walker, 90, high
Balboni; Chappell atid Son, Cornhill; Mash, 17,7, Oxford.street ;
Chapple, 94, 1•411-n,611; IL Phillips, Charing-cross; and may be
Liu tit ad 13uokfti!ers in town and country.
Amongst the numerous Medical and Surgical Works of the
la , we consider that %%fitter) by Dr. Courtenry, on Syphilis, and
Wker trequenty fatal complaints, to be worthy of the highest tnco-
mums, and justly deserving the serious attention of all those persons
lobistuay unfortuttate,y happen to be afflicted with the maladit
which tom the subject of this very interesting publication. The
Burniuous views taken yt these diseases, w6uther with inlortant
warnings against excesses, entitle this work to glees praise; and
tray and, as a further recommendation, that it is written with
is delicacy aski moiglity."—lnspecttir and Literary Review.

IRON THE GAZETTE DE FRANCE, JUNI 22.
BUCHAREST, 11Ar
The besieged in Brailow have asked an armistice for
three days; which the Itsissians have not granted them.
The place is in good condition, and amply furnished
• ith provision. Theie are but tew troops at present at
Bucharest. On the 28th, five thousand men were sud-
denly ordered to much to Little %Wallachia, because
news had been brought that the Turks had assembled
a corps at Celt sat, opposite Widden, and that they had
termed there an intrenched camp.—Austrian ()burger.
VIENNA, Julian.
The Prince of Hesse Homberg, Commander-in Chief
in Galicia, is going with a numerous suite to the head-
quarters of the Emperor of Russia, and will remain
there during the campaign against Turkey.
Letters from Hermanstadt, dated the 4th of this
month, announce that the second parallel had been
opersed before Brailow, and that on the 23d the bom-
bardment had commenced ; the garrison was so
alarmed at it that it had hoisted a white flag, and
asked three days time, which was refused. The Grand
Duke .Michael, who conducts.. the s;ege in person,
having appr lached she fortress on the morning of the
23d to reco'hnoitre the works, several persons in his
spice were k.lled by the musketry of the besieged.—
The Turks defend theibschres brately, but they will not
be able to resist a force so superi.ir. On the 24th the
Danube had subsided considerably, and the Russians
were hastening the preparations to pass the river, he
cause the environs a: e very unwholesome kif et the

inundations,
Maas, Jutts 12...—Metalliques, 92i; Bank Shares, 1,079.
FROM THE I+IONIYEUR CY SATURDAY, JUNE 21.
PARIS, JUNN UO.
A Telegraphic Dispatch from Toulon to the Minis-
ter of the 'Marine announces the arrival of the Nisus brig
horn Bono, where it had taken two Algerine corsairs.
The official part of the Moniteur contains the Report
made to the King relative to the Secondary Ecclesias-
tical Schools. This Repot t, which occupies two pages
and a half in the Monueur, is dated May 28', and signed
Hyacinth, Archbishop of Paris, President of the Com-
mission; Moonier, Secretary cf the Commission.
Fammu FUNDS—Pavan, Jews 21.—Five per Cents. 104 f. 95c. 90c.
95c. 1051.—Three per Cents. jouls du 22 Juin, 1 ass, 71f. so& isc.
20c. 25c.—Bank Actions,l,92ol.—Rentes de Naples, Cer. Falcon-1
net, 75f. 50c. 55c. 45c. 55c.—Ltente d'Espagne, o.—Royal Spanish
Loan, 75/1 'M.—Hence perpetuelle d'Esp. 50 50i h.—Haytian Loan,
ATM.—Exchange on L.odon, one month, 25f. 30c. paper—three
months, 251.20 c. paper.—Coors AntA June 21.

OPORTO PAPERS.

OFFICIAL GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY.
oroirro, .Jumg 11.

Office of the Secretary tor Military Affairs, Jane 11. :*
In consequence of a dispatch from Colonel Francisio
de Gama Lobo, add.zssed to the Provisional Junta
charged with the maintenance of the legitimate autho-
, rite f the King Senhor Don Pedro IV. we have the,
satisfaction of publishing, that at this day at dawn he
attacked the enemy's advanced guard, which had taken
position beyond Tiliongo, but near Povacam; and
that with only 100 infantry and 7U cavalry he put them
to flight and drove them to Baltar.
Colonel Dania eulogizes the bravery of the troops,
and mentions the gallantly of thirty of the 3d battalion
of Don Pedro IV.'s Volunteers of V. 114 Nova de G4ya,
wilt, took pact in this action.

OPEICIAL GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY.
OPORTO, Jinni 13.

. Yesterday arrived in this city Colonel Gama, who
commanded the military operations in the north against
the rebels, who were directing their march by Penafiel.
The cowards were routed, and fled in disorder, the
day before yesterday, on almost the first fire of out
troops, leaving some dead on the field ; while we
had no killed, nor any wounded of consequence.—
Colonel Gama confirms the praises he had pre-
viously bestowed on the troops, and makes particular
mention of the valour displayed by thirty of the rid
battalion of Don Pedro 1V :s Volunteers of Villa Nova
de Gaya, who were engaged on this occasion. They
were commanded by Colonel Abrfu, well known for
his resolution and gallantry. Yesterday evening the
following notice was pub:ibhed by authority:
"The public tranquillity,which has so fortunately pre.
wailed in this city, Shall be maintained; on this the'
peaceably disposed inhabitants may rely. Some prisoners
however, men degraded by their immorality and their
crimes, have attempted to disturb this tranquillity ; but
their prompt and immediate punishment will make
atonement for their atrocities. It it should be proved
chat they have acted by ve instigation of other pet sons,
whose treasonable senti neat, are well known, they will
,peedily become an example to all traitors, by f,l:e legal
punishment whickawaits ~

E irl GROSVENOR bavin.z a PAition to present on
the soFjeet of Slavery, would take this opportunity of
putting the questions of which he had given notice to
the Noble Duke opposite. lie mit,t first t.ke the
berfy of explaining to their Lordships the reasons which
induced him to come forward upon this most impor-
tant subject. He was not actuated by any feeling if
hostility towards that class of persons, or any indivi-
(Wait belonging to it, who had rendered themselves
obnoxious to the laws in the British Colonies. He was
hostile not to the men, but to the system, which, being
one of absolute power on the one hand, and of abject
and unqualified submission on the other, was necessa-.
rily productive of abuse. After the numerous petitions
which had been presented to their Lordships on the
subject, it might appear as if they were regardless of
the public voice, as if no notice were taken of the oh=
lect. These were his inducements to call the attention
of the House towards it State the year 1807, when
the sense of this country had been_ loudly expressed,
little had been done to ameliorate the condition of the
slaves. Up to the period when a distinguished Minis-
ter, now no more, had proposed certain Resolutions to
the House of Commons, , which were unanimously
agreed to in that House, and unanimously re-echoed
by their Lordships, nothing bad been done; and subse-
quently to th it period, a:though he could not say that
nothing had been done,what had been effected was so
little, that he telt shame and regret to say how little.
the Noble Earl then proceeded to read at great length
extracts from the Petition of the Ar ti- Slavery Society.
After a long inaction, the Noble Earl proceeded, the
island of Jamaica had passed a law, but a kw so ina-
dequate to the expectations of the country, that his
Majesty's Government were compelled to reject it.—
The next island to which he would allude was that of
Demerara, a colony which had no Legislature, and,
being under the power of the Crown-, was a convenient
field for the trial of an experiment. Here the Govern,:
merit might have tried the effect of manumission. If
they did not find some method of enabling the slaves
to work nut their own salvatior, what but some violert
convulsion could ever put an end to die system? The
planters, as a body, were averse to the manumission of
slaves in any way. They must be acted upon by the Le-
gislature of this country, it any thing effectually were
to be done. He contended there had been instances in
which free labourers performed the woe k done by slaves.
If the West Indies were sunk to the bottom of the sea,
did their Lordships entertain the least doubt that they
would still have an adequate supply of sugar? Those
who said that the Africans would not work enough if
restored to fieedom, wet e persons who wanted them to
work harder than human beings ought to be compelled
to work. The planters had paid no respect to the re-
commendations of the Government and Legislature of
Great Britain ; they had, on the contrary, treated them
with contempt, and in their public meetings, and de-
clarations, and petitions, had lavished terms of con-
tumely and abuse upon the Noble Eat I opposite, for-
merly Colonial Secretary, and. upon all the other au-
thorities of this country. It would be impossible, and
if possible, it would be unsafe to improve the minds
and characters of these unfortunate beings while their
bodies were kept irs slavery. The attempt to do so
could have no other effect than to make them mad.—
He had telt an apprehension that his Majesty's present
Government did not reel all the zeal up ,n the subject
which its importance deserved. The threat of with-
drawing the protecting duties on sugar not from the
West Indies, would probably have had a beneficial ef-
fect. He despaired, he cot f: sled, a:though he hoped
he was wrong, of any beneficial steps being taken, un-
less by the coercion of the West India interests. He
begged to inquire of tie Noble Duke what was the
state of affairs at Sierra Leone, and what the irtentions
Of Government were with respect to that settlement?
and he also requested to know, what was the policy his
Majesty's present Government had determined to adopt
with respect to the several subjects to which he had
adverted ?
The Duke of WELLINGTON would not detain their
Lordships by following the Noble Earl through all the
,parts of his speech in dttail, but would confine himself
to answering the questions he had put, or rather in
repelling the insinuations he-had thrown out, that his
Majesty's Government were not disposed to carry intd
effect the Resolutions of the two Houses of Parliament.
He could answer for the two Administrations of which
he bad formed a part, and he believed he could also
answer for that which camebetween them, and to which
he did not belong—that his Majesty's Servants were
determined to realise the objects of those Resolutions
upon the subject of slavery, but that they were deter-
mined to realise them gradually, cautiously, and with
a due regard to the rights of property—ina Word, that
they were determined to realise them h the sense in
which they had been adopted by the Legislature—in a
sense which held all rash and violent measures to be inex-
pedient,and which held the rights of property to he sac' eJ.
But he hoped before he sat down to show to the satis-
faction of the House, that something had already been
done in fact, and that mush had been dune towards the

, -
recognition of the principle' which were comrehineed
iii the resolutions of Parliament: The Noble Lordihad
said much of the irritation which prevailed in the West
Indies. It was natural that some degree of irritation
should be felt there, from the prejudices which pre-
vailed ; hut notwithstanding this irritation, it was the
duty of Government 'to pursue steadily the system which
it had determined upon as the twist expedient end most
just. Then, he ,aid, that since the resolutions of the
two, H irises.' f Parliament on all the islands, something
harkieeen done in furtherance and in relognitinn of .0 e
principles laid down by Parlianten,. In the Island of
Jam oca a Boil had been passed, to whicn it was true
his. Majesty had not thought proper to give his Royal
Assent. Bui the assent was refused, not hec:ot se the
Bill did not concur with the Parliamentary Resolutions
in the poisits which these Resolutions embraced—the '
a iset,t was relimeil because in respect to other points 'the
Bill was thoukht to contain provisions which were in-
expedi.oit ; foe: with respect to ' the measures recom-
mended in til4P4ll4omitary_ll,-snlotions;-the Bill CO-
t,efned moth 'Sels!eh iris highly approved of,' and he
rherefore thiltght be migle•t claim for the Island 'of
Jamaica the merit of having adopted, in most or ifie
important points. the principles reiushimended by 'the
British Government. With respect to the Other islaitdi
also, making fair allowances for the natal pr:ejushe a
of the Colonists, prejudices which much of *hat took
place in this country was calcOlated to cOnkm he
avght venture so say that much had been done. The
Nuible Lord had a'ked a question with 'tespeet to the .
de‘ermmation of Government to enforce the order' they
,had is,ued in some of the Isla! Ids. Upon thl snhject
of compulsory manumiasion. 'Now .the Island of
Demerara bad petitioned party ularly against that
part of the order. Ther Petition was tiernri the
Pt ivy Council, arid was riot yet deteimined tipoft:: It
was undoubtedly the intention of his Majesty% Gone+
went to carry this resolution into effect; and it soffin
delay had ( ccurre, it must be recollected.tbat rfce
office 'of Co'onial Secretary hid been filled by no less
than four different Gentlemen in the course of the yeast;
and that there had not heed time to determine upoithe
exact mode in which it was to be accomplished. • 11,0
frankly avowed, that although the principle of the
.mea-
sure would be fully adhered to, the Government said
not yet come to any determination at to the rtsode. At
which that pririciple could be most safely and effectia. any
pursued. With respect to theSlaveTtade,and this fintAtt..4l
one of the great difficulties of the subject; they hall tea=
ties with every power in Eurepe. He begged their Lorst-
ships to attend to the difficulties arising from thistionisk;
they had treaties, and they did all in their power to cilitaiS
the observance of those treaties ; and yet, notwithstand7
ing all they could do, he was greatly afraid that
.thers
was at this moment as much slave trading as at aq
forther period—as much as existed ....kefore•the tholiti
The greatest efforts bad been made to throw impeds. -
ments in the way of this traffic, and the Sett ernent ot
Sierra Leone, to which the Noble Lord had adverted,
was established for this purpose. To this Settlement
great numbers of captured negroes had been conveyed.
Since the foundation of the Settlement, the r umber of
captured negroes did Oct fall short of 12;000; and the
expense of this country fur head-money alone was not
less than 16,0001. a year. With reipect to the people
of half colour, in Jamaica they had.passed a law ell&
Wing them to hold certain offices,' and in ninny it thi
Colonies they were admissible to all offiees:in.disCsizi
nately with whites. He believed he had now adverted
to the principal points upon which the NeibleLOrd'vritii
desirous of information. and he'iloitld not trespass fiat;
ther upon their Lordships' eime:. ''. ' 1 - L. .. •
- Lord CALIHORPE expreiied his ilfsapPolofrOitit
and surprise at the slow progress which hadbeen Ur*.
and his dissatisfaction at the language of. the N
Duke, intimating his approbition of the conduct of -4,.
At
West Indian authuritiei. The hdpes eZpressedhy- ' .
Noble Duke would turn out to be a Outing illitsififijo •
be again defeated. It was Ifni as if thi. Colottia. 1..;&,,.,.
gislature had said, ” Wait, give uitione."" ' This wotyl
be satisfactory to hits. But this 'wait not 'their 110
guage. They said, 44 What you propose is not OnlYlns%
expedient, but grossly unjust. They are measures which
would involve us in complete ruin. They were :ripe
adopted by the deliberate wisdom of the British Par-
liament, but . dictated to it by a club of ignorant anti
intemperate fanatics. It is impossible that those who
proposed them could know any thing whatever of the,
West Indies." This was their language, and it appeared
to him to be such as forbade any such hope as the
Noble Duke bad expressed. The Noble Lord then pr.*
ceeded to comment upon the Act of the Jamaica Le-
gislature, and the letter of the Secretary of State for the
Colonies, reiterating and entarcing the arguments cf the
latter. 'fhe mode in which the Colonists treated the
Resolutions of the tuo Houses of the British Parliament,
was in itself a striking proof of the debasing influence of
slavery upon the masters themselvei. It was their in-
terest, as well as that of the Negroes, that the Resolu-
tions had in view, and that would be promoted by their
due execution. To equalise the duties upon sugar would,
be a severe punishment ; to withdraw the Br•ttsh troops
from the islands would be the sevetese punishment to'
the planters that could be imagined, and knowing these
things, the contumacy of these pasties was utterly ult.
accountable. The hopes expressed by the Noble Duke
were without foundation, but it they had not been so.'
his expression of those hopes would hare been enough
to secure their defeat. He called for a distinct pledge
from his Majesty's Government that something effec-
tual would be accomplished, either with the concur-
rence of the West India Planters, or without it.

The Duke of WELLINGTON begged to say a sibee
word. He thought it impossible that he could have
been misunderstood. What he said was, that the
principles involved in the Resolutions of the two Houses
of Parliament had been acted on, not only in thaChar-
tered Colonies, but in others. It was upon thithat he
expressed satisfaction. He said when the opposition was
so violent, and when, notwithstanding this opposition,
the principle of the measures recommended by Parlis.
merit had been adopted, this did afford ground for
hope, that when greater time had been allowed for
consideration they would at length be fully carried into
effect. The recommendations (.f. Parliament had been
fully carried into effect in Demerara, and in part in the
other Islands. If these should be found not to succeed,
Government would recommend cther measures. keep-
ing off with the gre:itebi care and anxiety from that
which vie .Noble Lord recommended in the first in-
stance—force or coercion. He raid it was the duty of
Government to act upon this pi inciple, and in pursuance
of this principle even to endure wfiat might appear to
