POLA ND.

ADDRESS OF THE NATIONAL GOVERMENT OF ?OLAND
TO THE INHABITANTS OF LITRIUANIA, VOLIFT/11.1,
PODOLIA, AND UIICAINE.
46 Brethren and fellow-citizens !
" The National Government of regenerated Poland, happy
on being able at last to address you in the name of the bond
of brotherhood and liberty, is anxious to lay before you the
present state of our country, and to show you our wants, our
dangers, and our hopes.
" The wall which separated us is broken down—your
wishes and ours are realized. The Polish eagle flies over our
territory. United uwe are hand and heart, we will hence.
forth proceed in concert to accomplish the difficult, perilous,
but jest and sacred work—the restoration of our country.
" The manifesto of the Dict, in explaining the causes of
our rising, gave an account of our sentiments as well as of
yours. Scarcely had we risen in anus, provided with but
few means, and uncertain what course to pursue, before
we showed to the world, and to the Emperor Nicholas,
that the same spirit animated us, and that we were desi-
rous to become, as we had formerly been, but one and the
same nation. The Emperor Nicholas did not wish to con.
secrate the tomb of hie brother by a monument which, dur.
ing the lifetime of Alexander, would have scaled the glory
of his reign.
1- He did not wish to regard us as Poles bowed down
with injuries—as citizens of a free and independent country
—and would treat with us only as slaves who had rebelled
against Rus-ia. We have arrested—we have driven back
the threatening phalanxes of the different corps ; of what out
army was composed, some fought here against the main body
of the army, °thus penetrated into your provinces to call
forth our brethren to range themselves under the national
banner. You did not wait for this appeal.
" At the very commencement of the insurrection many of
your citizens explained their sentiments and their wishes In
the National Assembly, and some raised regiments dignified
by the names of your provinces ; in fine, whole districts of
Lithuania and Volhynia rose in ware.
"The partition of Poland has been denominated a crime
by the unanimous voice of Europe, and who at this day will
revoke such a decision ? Who will venture to come forward
as the champion against it ? Undoubtedly none ! And we
had the well-grounded hope that Europe will hasten to re.
cognize our Independence u soon as we have proved by our
courage, our perseverance, our union, moderate and noble
conduct, that we deserve to be a free nation. This revolution
Is only a consequence of our oppression and our misfortunes.
It was the wish of our hearts, and arises from the nature of
our history, which displayed our determination from the
very beginning, and proved that our rising was not of fu.
reign origin. It Is not a civil war—it is not tainted with the
blood of our brethren—we have not overturned social institu-
tutions in order to raise up new ones at chance—it is the was
of independence, the most just of wars. That is the chi,
racer of our revolution, which is at once mild, but firm—
which with one arm conquers the enemy, and with the
other raises and ennobles the needy peasant.
" We admire England and France—we wish to be like
them, a civilized nation, but without ceasing to be Poles !
Nations cannot and ought not to change the elements of their
existence. Each has its climate, industry, religion, man-
nerk character, education, and history. From these different
elements spring the feelings or passions which display them-
selves in revolutions, and the circumstances proper to be
adopted in their future conduct.
" Individuality strongly expressed forms the power of a
people. We have preserved ours in the midst of slavery.
Love of country—prepared to make every sacrifice--cou.
rage—piety, noble.mindedness and gentleness, formed the
character of our forefathers. These qualities also are ours.
" The patriots of Warsaw triumphed without chiefs and
without law, yet with what crime can they be charged? An
army of 30,000 men, in short, the whole kingdom, rose as if
by enchantment ; and how did they conduct themselves to.
wards the Grand Duke:Constantine ? That Prince, who for
15 years had shown himself destitute of regard or pity for our
feelings and liberties, was in our power; but he knew the na-
tion, and just to it for only once, he intrusted his person and
his army to our honour ! At the moment of alarm we did
not listen to the voice of public vengeance, but respected the
Prince and his troops, without taking advantage of our supe.
riority. Our battalions, who had awaited with a finn deter-
mination all the forces of Russia, allowed to pass through
their ranks the fallen enemy, whose safety was guaranteed
by the nationhl honour.
" The ',generosity of the nation has been proved by many
isolated facts, and Europe admires our moderation as much
as our valour. Brethren, fellow.citizens, equal admiration
still awaits us. Without delay, then, come forward with the
whole of you: force simultaneously, and act as one man in
peace and in war ; it is the people who are the source of all
power. To the people, then, direct your views and your
affections. Children worthy of your fathers, you will act
like them. You will break the odious bonds, and you
Will cement a Holy Alliance .by reciprocal benefits and
igonegratitude. In other countries it is by fire, and fire
that the people recover their liberties—here those
liberties are received as the gift of their bretheren. A
generous, just, and necessary deed will become the act
only of your own choice, and you will proclaim to the people
their indepondence, and the return of the Polish eagles
to their native soil. Our fields will lose nothing in cultiva-
tion and value when they are tilled by the industry of brave
men. You will be ennobled in the eyes of civilised Europe,
and your country will gain millions of fellow citizens, who,
like our brave peasants, will fly to the defence of their
liberty, and drive back a power whose character is that only
of slavery. Do not forget brethren, and fellow citizens, that
the Greek religion is professed by a great part of the people.
Toleration is one of the qualities of civilisation. The clergy,
the churches, and religion, shall be placed under the protec-
tion of the Government, and will lend you their assistance in
carrying this measure of justice into effect."
(The address then goes on to enumerate the respect paid
by Polish Noblemen to religious rites and feelings, and calls
on the people on this occasion to follow that example. Also
to send Deputies from the different provinces to the National
Congress. It then goes on to describe the vast power of
Russia, and the difficulties to be encountered, much in the
same strain as the proclamation of Skrzynecki), and concludes
thus :

" GOD bath already wrought prodigies for us. GOD. 04
not the Emperor of Russia, will be our judge! He will decide.
" He will decide who lath committed perjury, who has
been the victim of oppression, and who ought to obtain the
victory. We have steady fought with success in the name
of the GOD of our fathers, and we will fight till at length
we accomplish the ends of justice. All the nations of En•
rope possessed of feelings of humanity tremble for our fate.
and exult with joy at our successes. These only wait your
general rising to hail you as members of the free and inde-
pendent nations of Europe.
" Brethren and Fellow Citi•ens When we shall have
Sobbed this terrible and unequal contest, we will invite the
Powers of Europe to form themselves into a Tribunal ot
Justice—we will appear before than covered with our blood.
lay open the book of air annals, nivel the chart of Europe.
and say—, Behold our command yours! The injustice done
W Poland is known to you ; you behold her despot!: for
ha courage and generosity appeal to her enemies !'
