P.RENCR PAPIRS ..

.flun TsAns.—The Amid h Paris of the 2d
contains the following article •
4g The enlightened friends of humanity have long
demanded the abolition-of the Slave Trade : this sa-
lutary measure was expected from a government
which made the highest pretensions to justice and
morality. This measure appeared so contormable to
religion, that it was hoped it would meet no opposi-
tion in he councils of a Prince subjected to the in-
fluence. of certain AUst, who spoke much of their
morality and religious zeal. Experience, however,
soon convinced us that these protestations proceeded
from the mouth, and not the heart. Government
stipulated for the continuance of the trade during
five years, in the hope that after that period circum-
stances would enable them to perpetuate this traffic
in slaves, against which public opinion in Europe
was every day more strongly pronouncing itself.
a It was in vain that enlightened and judicious
men endeavoured to produce the conviction that this
trade was condemned not only by humanity and reli-
gion, but also that it was contrary to the maxims of
sound policy. They proved that the Slave Trade
would be an eternal obstacle to the restoration of
commercial and friendly connections with St. Do-
mingo. and that it was impossible to replace men
under the yoke who had fought for their liberty, and
enjoyed it for so many years. The ministerial hired
writers replied to these reasonings by declamation ind
abuse. The encouragement which they received.
announced clearly enough the ulterior intentions of
Government. An order of the police prohibited
the editors of newspapers from enlightening the pub-
lic as to the Slave Trade question ; and there re-
mains in our drawers an article on this subject, which
was suppressed by the Censorship, and which we
shall publish in a few days.
a It was reserved for the Emperor to pronounce
the definitive abolition of this disgraieful traffic, to
thus give a striking testimony of respect for the sa-
cred principles of morality, and to acquire a new
claim to the gratitude of the friends of liberty. The
partisans of liberal ideas, who are so numerous in
Great Britain, will doubtless apptiud this great act
of humanity. The only rivalry which can hereatit,r
subsist between France and England, is that ot de-
ciding which of the two nations shall make the great-
est progress in the science of government, and in the
art of rendering nations free and happy.
" The decree abolishing the Slave Trade st ill pit
an end to all the uneasiness which exists in regard to
St. Domingo. There was reason to fear that fly:
late government was at one time desirous of '
gating by force of arms, a population determiiivd
resistance. Now the idea is altogether relinquished
of exhausting the public treasury in an attempt to
re-establish slavery in St: Domingo. The Govern-
ment which wishes to remain at peace with all Powers.
is occupied with objects of the highest importance to
the happiness ot the French people. It is prep:sting
a True constittrion, which will guarantee .the rights sis
all, and will place under the safeguard of positive
laws the security of persons and pro&erty. France,
thus re-constituted as a free nation, will think only ot
the conquests of peace, of industry, and the arts;
she will arm herself only to defend her independence
and rights; but then all the citizens will become sol-
diers, and will he invincible. guided by the tutelary
genius who is come to oppose the return of barlearism
and to recall us to liberty and honour."
A Decree of the Emperor has prohibited the ex-
portation of fire-arms of every description, and or.
dered all the workmen, formerly exempt from the
conscription, and who had withdrawn from the pub-
lic manufactories of arms, immediately to return to
them, under the severest penalties.
According to letters from Seville and Malaga, an
insurrection had taken place at Madrid, and the
King had been forced to quit his capital.
The Merest" of the Lower Rhine says, that the
Princes of Germany are about to place themselves in
a situation to repel every attack.
Culuotis LETITR,

RRTRACTSD MOW vas 101/SIIAL Dl Pan or Tat 2D OP APRIL
We promised our Readers a second letter from the
Bishop of Orthosia to M. Talleyrand. Archbishop ot
Rheims. This lean is dated at Rome, March
1815, and is as follows
" Sta—You now know at Path of the flight ot
Bonaparte, and we bear that he was in Provence, at
Digne, on the 4th of this month. This flight has
made ns still better acquainted with the kind of men
among whom we live. First we have seen that there
are many Jacobins at Rome who rejoice at this event,
and spreadthe most absurd reports; next, the Eng-
lish, appearing ironically to pity us, then speaking
highly of the means of Bonaparte, and the number
of discontented in France, they seem to consider him
as already master of that country; others, again, say,
Why was there not always some ship on the I:ok.out
And when we answer—but you yourselves—you had
even a Commissioner in the Island. They will then
say, we were not appointed to keep him. 4 And why
were you there then?' said I to a son of the famous
Lord North, who is supposed here to be a great wit,
I conceive that if you had seen Bonaparte alone at
sea, you might not have taken notice of him ; but
when you see a flotilla of seven chips, wait 1,500
mcn, both armed and with cavalry, the first duty ot
the ships that meet him is to ask—Who :Ise ptit
Where are you going ? Say, Sir, that you are in
fault. Luckily, the ome • for tl'e philautt,ropy ot
your Allied Sovereigns is past. It remains for us to'
do justice to it. Confess, Sir, that your jealousy w.ts
excited at seeing the prosperity of France revive.'—
He did not answer one word, and I changed the sub-
ject of conversation.
44 On the other hand, the Court of Rome already
saw a change in the French Government. Bonaparte,
in proclamations, calls the people, again to liberty.
His mother, still at Porto Ferrajo, with Madanw
Bertrand, has said to Englishmen who have gone to
see, her, that her sap fought no longer for the purpose
of conquest; and turning to the Englishmen, she
said to thens...rhe will offer an honourable peace to
England. These English are dpestable almost all
those, who came to lady ham gone to see Bonaparte
in *on I and they even go thither after he has left
it, to visit ids mother. Hers ire have allowed forty-
six thew, sent by his mother, to be brought in Mith•
out being searched. Cardinal Fesch said, the day
Way* yestgiday, at the house ct the Marchioness
Maissieent that 'Bonaparte, bad *tread; an army of
I PAO mdntitan Masseoa,lead joined him, and that

tbirty departments had lent *stations to Elba,
invite him to come to France, and his prospects were
most brilliant.
“ On every occasion this man shear himself against
the Bourbons ; he is unworthy of being Archbishop
of Lyons, and I am sure that your Excellency wilt
find means to remove him. He is an enemy to tk.
King. He refused the Ambassador in January t 4,
go to the mass celebrated in memory of Henry IV. ;
the Ambassador, however, has treated him too well,
for he asked him twice to dinner. As for me, I harp
never visited him; and at the Ambassador's dinner
I took no notice of him. Lucien, who till the pre.
sent time appeared indifferent about his brother, now
zealously adopts his cause. The day before yester
day, at the Princes of Wale2s, who just arrived iron
tltple-., he talked in the rno,t improper nunne;,
giving an account of the progress of Bonaparte, ai.
saying, that on the 6th he would be at Grenohle, o.
the fidi at Lyons, on the 15th at Paris, and that 1::
had SO,OOO men with him. This Princess of Wal(
acts like a tool ; she sem out to-day without havir.l
eett Rome, in orch.r to embark at Ancona. Yelt.l.
day anki the day before she was consuntly with re ,c!
and Lucien Bonaparte ; the one on her right hart,
and the other on beer left ; she saw ticry.: bit
. and a few foreign Ministe:s, ant admitted
Frenchman. _ _

66 Tie Pope is rec6n:iled to Murat. ha..-ing rec.:1,71
from some of his pretersion. (The rest of the lett.r
contains nothing very interesting.)
;;giled) 66 '['he ilium. of 01: 4."
