. -
rest on their oars for 4:tinse.- .As friends of humanity,
they cannot wish to increase the miseries of the objects of
their sympathy. There ate great difficulties to be got
over, of which not they, but the colonists themselves,
must bear the mfrs. These difficulties the Government
alone can grapple, With any chance of success. But the
friends of the abolition, powerful as they are in this
country, ma) exert themselves in distinguishing those
colonies a hich have come into their humane views. Men
401 sordid ideas must be ruled by the influence of gain.
Could a preference be given in the home market, for
example, to the productions of those colonies that had
adopted the measures recommended, it would do more
in the way of enforcing them than all the humane 19-
tcrs and recommendations of the abolitionists could ef-
fect for a century. Slave-holders cannot be acted upon
like the members of more civilized communities. The
air of slavery is fatal to the milder sympathies of our
nature. As the abolitionists. then, cannot wish to see
the removal of one evil effected by the operation of ano-
ther, they must, we repeat it, do nothing more just at
present in the shape of active proceeding—they must
wait until peace among the negroes be completely re-
stored. But let them never lose sight of their objects,
the moral instruction of the negro, and his preparation
for a better social state, if it be only in those islands
where the colonists will tolerate it. Tken if negro
freedom should never be achieved by the efforts of the
British nation, and continue to be-thwarted by the co-
lonists, hut should ultiniately be effected by those na.
tto al but terrible causes which in process of time will
inevitably operve to bring it about, they will have
done infinite good, by lessening the intensity of the re-
action and the force of the convulsion. The crown of
ptaisewol thy exertion always comes at last, and is not less
brilliant and glorious for'being procrastinated.
(New Jfintilifyilfograins) Y. J.
