FRIDAY, DECEMBER

PANDA4MINL

This Ardst, My or sixty yam ago, when Artists were sore
*Carer than at present, was taken Into Yorkshire by Mr. AisWip '
a man of large fortune, to paint him some pictures; but be
witted such masses, that be was at length turned out of clones.,
Under these circumstances be went to a draper at York, where
be had been with his patrol), and took goods for clods- '
inn on e ; and as is conversation be discovered that the man
had savedese or two hundred poends, he persuaded him to part
with it by ere promise of five per cent. interest ; then gads,-
tailor recodeillaided to make the clothes, be decamped Ina burs".
It wee some numbs before Mr. Aistaby lied occasion to go to
York; the latter ventured to ask after his friend, when the other
exclaimed, he had maned the rascal out of *doors for his drub-
heatless and dissolute conduct. An esplanade:xi took place, and
the man was advised to get a picture for his money, as the patntir
, was no futvber off than Scarborough. l'he advice was follo.vesik'
and he found the artist, who, after a bottle painted before be
left them a large head of Satan after the Fail This wai exist=
bitod gratis at the draper's house at York, aittlby the company k
attracted anspiy repaid bins.
The poor tailor, who lived opposites and had sevd• the
bob* monillial at his neighbour's meccas', determined to vi
ever to Scarborough to me V he amid obtain a Mame ; ,
=lntroduced to the artist. wail; malty triaws ma scrapes. he
.of dse smut bed pissed a picture for his at4ghbour that
wee nail to make his (octane, M would likewise paint one for
him; end gelds account Was sot se great as the drapes, he
observed that ha could not expect so large a victors, but Wed,
if he would be so good as to paint him a little devil he should be
meek obliged. The whim took t be got a small picture, and re-
turned to York, wrier@ both pleas; were addbired with greet
Md.

THE POOR-Nontaors.

There h a eft of yoiths in society, to whom **pane are.i
Mad! ilidebtad, without knowing that such beluga really exist—
'we men the poor hent-boys. Some of our readers wdl ask,who
may they he? Are' they *tie Ceti& and Afercarier attached to
Deeton Commons, or are they hide boys who study the bora- '
biseits?-.-Nosocistbing. Tbey beveling for many years t heherakis '
of good and of bail aews ; the d. spencers of grief and Joy; of ad-
versity and prosperity over this great city. For the last' ta.years
then are the dullest days known to the metropolis. And why?
there are no born-hoys—no boys with the Second, and Third,
and Fonda Editions of the different Newspapers, to rouse the
drover, citizens; to dissipate all noxious vapours, and 611 the tor-
put town with animation. These Interesting youths, late of seek
importance, ails ! are now no more. No longer do they alarm
the Statesman in his closet. or she Minister in his pulpit, by the
din of their hortu—so longer are they seen in bodies in the
squares, mieh man Trent-dog his ground bite will-taught "snit+,
in afield in vail of partridge, or separating singly into devious
hare sod dlir The poor gardeners, with whose complaints the
tows was moat to rentiod st this inclement season of the year, tin
deverouill are fish and happy in comparison with the poor
horn-bets. Seine of these pent*. who lately announced the rise
, and fan of tbe.Fands, the rise and fall of Kings, sew set as Mk-
, boys at the Theatres, and of the poor felnUallt who had the spirit
is pursue thdr mocaden to the last_ ;rester part have been
Olken up lot 111114b1011/12001, Mr. HUNT's.
ninth at Spalields. iro of thne. we nn tand, are in Read-
ies! Jail.

Tl 4 VAZICAN PICTUR ES mid SCULPTURE.

true IsasseltaxHish. man" Lae no Ur* eff the al
dent enthusiasm of the Italians, in their veneration
for the productions of ancient art. Many persons
wertt Irons Rowe to China Vecchia, a distance of 50
miles, to hail the arrival of the Eng;ish ship, which
brought their celebrated Pictures and Statues from
Antwerp, whither they had been stilt from Paris.
The venerable Cardinal Conralvi, the Roman Sem-
tary of State, was sent by his Holiness the Pope, for(
the same purpose, and on his arrival, went on board,
accompained by the Governor of Civic* Vecchia, and
other distinguished persons, under a salute from the
ship, which was returned by the Fort. Till that
auriticious day, the weather had been very boisterous,
but on the first case being hoisted from the sli:p.
containing the magnificent Colossal Statue, tailed
the Nile, a salute et fifteen guns was fired from
the Fort, and the Sea became instantly calml—
I: was remarked that the moment the Nile appear-
ed on deck, the wind abated, and when it landed, a
French schOoner which had just entered the harbour,
got aground Such were the observations which the
superstition of the people made, on the influence of
the god: of she Nile, and they were confirmed by the
opinion of the Carimal 1 His Eminence, by com-
mand of the Pope, invited the C.aptaia and Rrincipal
Officers to visit Rome, where they were received and
treated with every mark of regard by his Holiness who
presented each of the Officers with a Cara of fee% de,
he ordered Ring: to be given to the petty officers, ad
a Siker Medal to each of the seamen, with, four
hundred sepias in money, to be distributed aakoag
them.

After landing his precious cargo, which occupied
four days, the Captain gave a Ball to the. Ladies, on
board. Many of them had come from Rome, but
the gook were not so propitious to them, ai they had
been to the Nile—the sea became rough, mid but few
ventured to quit the shore—but those whOdid,joined
in the dance, and were not a little amused with lea's
'active and strenuous efforts in Was*. The Go-
vernor obligingly furnished the .Band of Music which
consisted of three Pioliar, two Flaw, one Claris:set,
and four Guitars. A Reiman Lady, with great aeivdi,
asked the Captaln, if the English had any more such
krge ships which question the Captain very charac-
teristically answered by puttitig Store Lice of the Bei-
tish Navy into her hands. '
On quitting the ship the sailors gave three cheers
'to the Ladies, very much to their astonishment. Front
Civita Vecchia they proceeded to Leghorn, where the
cases containing the Corti, &c. for the Prince Regent,
were embarked. The Es-Empress Merit. •Laselea;
being then at Leghorn, she went to the Roads in a
pinnace to view the English ship. but did not -go cei,
,board. On her name being announced, all handy
crowded to_ the side, and generously saluted her wits
three cheers in the true Englisls•style.which bee,
Royal Highness acknowledged by stand:ag up, and
treating jack with three of her best eurteisse .
Durtsig the time the ship- remained it, Civitis yec.
chia, they were abundantly supplied 'wadi, !resit)psoir
visions, wines trait, and vegetables, hir.thrt
nor t and• the Captain and °Seers were gym ikilge,
received with high favours by all ranks, km, theit
arrival till their departure*

• f

';'1616.

.4-
•t

l'lntibilowinitinteresting Address, on the subject
of they tetanal** of men of colour, appears in the
'New. arkiilarroiser r

44 Bp omptiottions founded on the Nest informa-
don, there are in Africa and its islands twenty mil-
lions ofjbeiproper negro race. besi • ty million's
who differ frorn thein more or less in lion and
featuree Visite ire supposed to be a mil •atal al
half of diOsattise people in the United States ; ang a
million .snd ar half *Ore may be reckoned 61%
Florida*, Mexico, Enuth America, end the West-India
Wands, to say nothing of New Guinea. Here t%en
is a vest world of 23 millions of people (besides
the thiity millions before vacationed). and ti"popula-
Aion equal to that of the United States, Great Britain,
trelanal,foroden, and Denmark, united.
' rtuth we are fully. poisgeded thy to she epd
"fit she woe there will
.rensain afforest code's io
ao-
'cm*, it cannpt be, opposed. that so eonsidetahle a
pOttion of theluman race, consisting of ao many ia-
dependent nations, and occupying the greater part
of one of the four quarters of the globe, are always to
be regarded as made only .for slaves, or are to bees-
chided from the blessings of Christiadiy and civili-
zation during the approaching period of the Millen-
nium. In those days which are yet to come, and
which are even now st the door, the descendants of-
Ham, we are bound to believe, will attain to an
elevation and dignity which will do away the me-
mory of their past disgrace' and -give them a rank
among the polished nations of Europe and America.
" Africa will yet boast of her poets and orators.
Eloquence will play on the tumid lips of her sons,
and sable Lands wiU strike the lyre, and weave the
silken web. On the Niger as on the Thames. tem-
ples will arise to the living Goo vend perhaps the
aid bands will find the curse of barrenness repealed,
by the' same Power that will turn Palestine into a
iruitful field.

" If Africa it to stand forth in the glory of Chris-
tianity and civilization, her own sons, and not the
sous of strangers, must be the instructors of her
youth, and her ministers of seligion. No nation
will ever advance far in any improvement but by the
instrumentality of her cwn children. Strangers may
make a beginning, but strangers cannot coutiaue to
support her schooll &October churches.
wss To sustain such'a eight at arm's length, would
exhaust both patience and power. History presents
no instance of the kind. Apostles and Missionaries
may pass over a country, but native teachers must
inish the work. So it was in primitive. times. So
it WAS in every country. of Europe when it received
the Christian faith. So it is in India at-the prefect
day. • The debilitated and jetty Hiadoos pmlong and
irwrilla-low-awder whiait.-Fsisteneisa.Missionaeiesiaan
established.
($ To say that Africans are not competent to
become teachers and preachers, is therefore to say that
one quarter of the world is never to support a Christian
Church. And why is this said ? Are not the coloured
people of these States as competent for such offices as
Hottentots, many of whom are now proclaiming to
. their countrymen the unsearchable riches.of Clantsv ?
We are not to judge of the power of the lion from
what we see of him incaged and enchained. Let us
not first debase and then libel. If we would judge
of the sleeping energies of African minds, let us pe-
ruse some portions of modern history, over which, for
obvious reasons, we must here cast a veil ; let us
look to the progress made in our Similay Schools,
and in the African Seminal,' recently established in
one of our cities.

" If Africa" must hay• African . teachers and
preachers, who shall prepare them but the Christian
world ? Airica has no science to communicate ;
Africa has no religion to impart. Vor the present,
and for a considerable time to come, she must be a
passive receiver, and Christian nations must convey
to her the light and grace. If any of her children
are taught, and made competent to instruct their
countrymen, European or American benevolence
must teach them. We must begin the series of Is
Gospel ministry that shall perpetuate itself among
the tribes of that vast.continent.

" This work plainly devolves on America rather
than Europe, for two reasons : First, the great
mass of the transported Africans are here. Allow-
ing that there are thirty thousand dispersed through
the different nations of Europe, the number in the
United States alone, compared to that in all Europe,
ib as fifty to ona. Here this vast miss is concentratd;
there the :malt number are thinlyacattered over dif-
ferent countries, and lop in an overwhelmink popula-
tion. Oar advantages to make selections are to those
' enjoyed by, any. Ration in Europe as two or three
hundred to ene. And our chances to find proper
subjects are still greater. Here special attentions may
be easily directed to form the African character;
there the attempt is almost impossible. Perhaps-in
no district is Europe could an African school or con-
gregation be collected; either of these might he done
in almost any neighbourhood south of New England,
' and even in the Inv towns of that part of the Union.
" No spot on earth is so well fitted hurdle sublime
and holy effort, *that on which we dwell., Secondly,
,no por.iun, of the world is sir deeply indebted to
Ahica ow this Western Continent and its Islands.—
;Ibis is the prison. which has received all lier..captive
was. Americo is tbe only civilized country iambic')
;slavery is allow/4 Though sops of the Christian
natioos of Europe tolerate st' in their American
nisi% not one of them, it is believed, admit it in their
parent state. This lend of freedom istthe only en.,
lightened land of slaves. On the principleof siaitery
we have nothing, to say. We. only affirm that, Amen
kica is the great seceptacle wisich, has received.*
atretnis that Attice,lsais discharsed a.ad. for
OM her grelt.aliallni• • • • - •••• -
" BrOirdtg olthe Board of PipeasTst
(Signed, Bcc.)
,
