NAVY ESTIMATES.

The House then went into a Committee of Supply' on the Navy
Estimates.

Sir J. GRAHAM moved a vote of 21.2111. for the salaries of the
officers and the contingent expenses of his Majesty's yards abroad.—
Agretd to

Sir J. GRAHAM moved a vote of 534,2241. for the pay of artificers
and labourers in the yards abroad.—Agreed to.
Sir J. GRAHAM moved a vote of 210,000 L for timber and other
ship-building materials.
Mr. HUME said the quantity of stores were more than was imme-
diately wanted ; 15,000,0001. might have been saved, but for the sys-
tem at laying in stores which were lost, or employed in building unne.
ce•sary ships. He wished to ask what was the actual number of the
yachts. little were formerly five Royal yachts, besides one for the
Commissioners at Portsmouth, and one for the Lord Lieutenant of Ire-
land. He would ask particularly what was the use of the yacht reserved
to the Lord Lieutenant ?

Sir JAMES GRAHAM said it was the intention of Government to
discontinue the unnecessary building of a mass of ships. He excepted,
however, the fourth-rate frigates, of which all the great naval powers
had a greater number than this country. (Hear.) IVith respect to the
yachts, the actual number of the royal yachts was five. They had not
been reduced, but the expense was not great, and they offered one of
the few opportunities which existed of keeping post captains in full pay,
forming but a slight equivalent to the opportunities enjoyed by military
officers. With respect to the Lord Lieutenant, he was in the custom
of taking maritime excursions, and as he was the representative of the
Ring, it was thought proper that hc should preserve all the parapher-
Lalia of royalty.
Mr. O'CONNELL said an excuse was never wanting. It was well
known that the present Lord Lieutenant was fond of cruising, but he
had too good taste to sail in the clumsy official yacht, having a much
more elegant ore of his own. The existence of the yacht led to • ludi-
crous eireums:anoe. The Lord Lieutenant, when he returned to Eng-
land, sailed out of the port into the yacht, and then stepped into •
steam boat.

Mr. HUM R Raid it was quite clear that this was an establishment
kept up for the benefit of individuals, and while that course was pur.
sued no reduction would take place.

Sir JAMES GRAHAM said he weht to the Admiralty with the
determination to make every possible reduction. He made every In-
quiry, and found that ever since the reign William the Third the num.
bee of yachts was the same as a: present, and that they had constantly
been used as a reward of meritorious services. After this information,
he did not think himself justified in reducing the number.
Mr. HUM E said, he gave his right honourable friend full credit for
good intention ; but the simple que.tiort seas, were the yachts necessary ?
He cared nothing for the times of King William---(a great laugh)—he
meant the times of William the Third. He had but little respect for'
the wisdom of our ancestors ; hc thought we should judge for ourselves,
and act according to the circumstances in which we are placed.
Sir J. YORKE said, though bred up in the service he must say
that if there was to be retrenchment in the navy the yachts in ordinary
were the objects to which It should be applied.
Sir B. MARTIN said, the whole exp-nse of the yachts was the dif-
ference between the half-pay and the fall-pay of the captains, which
was about 2501. a-year each. To make th( reduction would be unkind
towards the meritorious officers by whom they were commanded.
Mr. HUME asked, whether there wss an hospital ship to be given
by the Admiralty in place of that now in the Thames, which was found
to be too small. He understood the late government had refused a
vessel for such purpose.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM said such an application had been made to
the late government, and declined ; it was repeated to the present'
Board of Admiralty, and was now under conslderation of the Treasury.
Mr. HUMI: said therewas 21,0001. a year taken from the merchant
seamen for the support of Greenwich Hospital, from which they received
no benefit, which lie thought should be discontinued ; and that in the
mean time they were well entitled to have an hospital ship from govern-
ment.

Sir J. GRAHAM said, after the best cinsialrlio t he had been
able to give the subject, he thought the sum taken from the wages of
the merchant seamen fur th_ support of Greenwich Hospital, could not
be dispensed with, but he had a bill prepared for admitting merchant
seamen to the benefit of the hospital.
Mr. WARBURTON said the present tax was in reality on the
shipowners rather than the semen, and there would not be the least
objection to the tax after bin Right Honourable Friend's Bill, to allow
merchant seamen the benefit of the Hospital, should be passed.
Mr. HUME said, if the tax was one on the shipping, it should
lie levied on the tonnage instead of on wages, at an expense of 20
per cent.

Sir JAMES GRAHAM said, that expense should be done sway
with.

Mr. SYKES said the seaman would never be persuaded that the tax
was not taken from his wages till it was laid on the tonnage.—The re-
solution was agreed to.
The resolution was, 98,0001. to defray the charge of repairs and lin-
provcments in his Majesty's Dockyards at home and abroad.
Mr. ROBINSON inquired why the naval establis:lment had been
removed from Halifax to Bermuda, after a great expense had bee► in.
curred at the former place. He thought there should be an Admiral
commanding in the West ['ldiot, and another in North America. He'
wislaal to know the expense incurred, and to be incurred, at Bermuda.
Sir J ibIES ORA IiA3I said, the enormous expenditure at Her.
tnuda had excited his anxious attention, and he had appointed a con.
tideutial officer to go there as Commissioner, and report what part of
the contemplated works could he dispensed with. The vote at present
asked for these works was 20,0001. Next year he hoped to lay an ac-
curate estimate before the house.

Sir JOSEPH YORKE thought more use should be made of Sheer-
ne-t alter so much had been expended on it. There could be no danger
of fire there, us with the power of the steam-engine, the fire of Etna
could be extinguilhed.—The resoltition was agreed to.
50,5001. was voted fur pilotage, and other contingencies; and 25,000 L
for transports.
On the motion that 23,0401. be grunted for hire of packets.
Mr. HUAIE said, this was a post-office expense, and ought to be
defrayed by the Post-office, who could get It done for half the present
charge.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM said, when the present contracts expired, it
was not intended that they should be renewed.
The resolution was agreed to.
The next resolution was 25,0001. for ship-building at rsombt7.
Sir J. YORKE thought all our ships should be built at home.
Sir J. GRAHAM said, the grant was merely to complete what had
been begun ; no more should be expended In the same way.
Sir G. CLERK said, orders had been sent out by the late govern.
ment not to build any more ships at Bombay.
Sir C. FORBES vas sorry to hear there were no more ships to be
built at Bombay, as the ships built there were the best in the service.
There was no such vessel in the service as the Ganges. The ships that
were building in India when he went there, forty years ago, were still
excellent. He thought the vessels employed in India should be built
there. After this monstrous measure of reform was passed, bow was
India to be represented in that house.?
A M EMBER said he was a large proprietor of oak, and wished the
First Lord of the Admiralty would say whether they meant to take any
supply of British oak this year, or whether they meant to use all teak
timber and African oak.

Sir B. MARTIN raid the navy meant this year to use one-half
African oak, and one-half British.

Sir C. FORBES said he hoped his hon. friend did not mean to coin •
pare Africa.) oak to teak wood.—(A great laugh.)
Sir B. MARTIN said he considered the African oak fully as good as
the teak.—(A laugh.)
Sir CHARLES FORBES said a Naval officer told him he had
gone to l'ottsmouth incog, and went through the Ganges, and never
saw so line a vessel.

The resolution was agreed to.
On the motion for 782,0001. for half-pay of Naval officers.
Mr. HOME asked whether the nateni of promotion promised by
the late Government had been adhered to.

Sir J. GRAHAM said, the excellent system of granting but one pro.
motion for three vacancies had been strictly adhered to ; and the admit.
Cage of it was felt even in the present estimate by a reduction of 30001.
Mr. HUBIR said, he wished it had been adopted 50 years ago.—
( A laugh.)
The resolution was then agreed to, as were
246,0501. for pensions and allowances to naval officers their widows
and relations; 1,3001. fur bounties to chaplains; and 249,2001. towards
paying out-pensioners of Greenwich Hospital.
Sir J. YORKE asked whether it was inter•.dcd to give merchant
seamen the same advantage u the present oat-pensioners of Greenwich
Sir J. GRAHAM said, that as at present advised it was not. The
intention was that they should be equally admitted into the hospital
with the King's seamen.
155,9051. was voted for superannuationa to cornn.:ssioncrs, secretaries
and clerks of the civil department of the navy ; and 136,805)1. for
freight of ships for conveyance of troops and stores.
On the resolution for granting 3.0001. for freight of ships catty g
troops, artisans, and stores to the Swan River,
Mr. 11U51R said, a large grant of land at Swan River had beca
made to Mr. Peel. A considerable outcry was raised, and he asked
whether there would be any exlense to the public, and was assured
there would not. _

Mr. GOULEGRN said, he believed the expense was incurred by
soiling out troops and settlers.
The resolution was agreed to.
68.5001. was voted for conveying convicts to New South Wales.
5,3801. bounties for capturing piratical vessels.
50.0r.01. for sslariee and contingent expenses of Victualling Office.
63.3631. 9s for salaries of uffices, and contingent expenses of Vic-
tualling yards.
Sir G. CLERK asked whether it was the intention to discontinue
the issue of beer ?

Sir J. GRAHAM said, where seamen 1.. d been it unhealthy sta-
tions, it was intended to allow beer.
Mr. HU3IR complained of the manner of supplying the navy with
beef; if the plan was adopted as regard.d the army, 50,0001. a year
might be saved.
Sir J. GRAHAM replied, that experience had proved a better plan
could not be adopted. If the article provided did no: meet the con-
tract, the articles were sent back at the cast of the contractors. He had
lent most anxious attention to this subject, sell recollecting the lectures
on the subject he had heard on the other side of the house.
Resolution agreed to
Sir J. GRAHAM then moved the following grants:-
24,143 L for salaries of naval medical establishments.
30,0001. fut medical stores.
31.6111. for prov;sions of officers in ordinary.
8.341. for otticzis and men of the yard service afloat.
Mr. HUM E.— What was meant by yard service afloat ?
Sir GEORGE CLERK understood that it was for men engaged on
the craft.

Grants agreed to.
Sir J. GRAHAM then moved a grant of 85.1571. for the expensc of
new works for the victualling and medical departments.
157,10011. for half.pay of medical officers, their widows &c•
175,0001 for provisions for garrisons abroad.
STEAM.PACKETS.

Mr. Hi."3lE said, though it was not connected with the subject, he
wished to know whether the extravagant system of the post-office
steam-packe►s was continued.
Mr. G. DAWSON defended the eatalishmer.t. The Post office was
not an establishment for revenue. He hoped that there never would be li
any effort to lessen the communications between England and Ireland,
for the sake of saving a few hundred pounds. It was never thought of
looking for revenue till all expences were paid.
Mr. 8. RICE did not understand that the member for Middlesex de-
sired to limit the communications ; but it was different to allow an
establishment like the Post-office to expend money as It pleased, and be
satisfied so long as there was some balance to be handed over to the
Treasury. To encourage the feeling would be most destructive. The
Treasury ought to have the controul—and expenditure on a large scale
ought not to be allowed, except under the controul of the Treasury or
some responsible authority.
M. G. DAWSON said he had never meant to contend that these
ought to be unlimited expenditure by the Post-office.

Mr. HUME said, if the recommendation for economy were °bin-
tionabls, it was not his, but that of the e2tl R, port of the Co.nmissieesre
of Revenue Inquiry.
Mr. G. DAWSON observed, that he should not glide his judgment
by any thing contained in that Report certainly.
Resolutions agreed to.
Mr. S. RICE then moved a grant, not exceeding 8,/,0001. to defray
expenses on account of civil contingencies.
Mr. HUM E said this was the most reduced charge ler had witnessed
for many years ; and he therefore augured favourably for the Intentions
of an economical administration. He should move for aecuunta expla-
natory of items of charges for fees for installing the King of Wurtem-
berg, the Dukc of Sussex, &c. as Knights of the Bath. If those great
charges were for fees, who got them ? If honours were grant, d, why war,
the nublicreaddied with expense on such account ; and there was a cha ge of
1;601. for a tr-valuation of Dublin : what could we have to do with that
charge?—(Hear, hear.) In the Irish estimates there was a charge of
76% for tinging the bells of three churches, St. Patrick, dEt. in Dublin.
on the death of the late king. Why were three parishes selected ? and
how many days did they ring ?—(Hear, and a laugh.)
Mr. S. RICE said, the expenditure was that of last year—not that
he meant thereby to insinuate that there was any thing wrong in the
charges. These extraordinary disbursements would he henceforth dis-
continued at separate charges ; they would be included in the expendi-
ture on account of diplomatic expenditure. Any accounts that might
be called for would be readily produced—he had them already before him.
The expense of commissions of inquiry required consideration—in the
lest ten years 800,0001. had been expended or, account of the e
sions. Many of them were closed.
Mr. WARBURTON defended the grant to Mr. Bubbage in these
estimates for his discovery.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that the salary to the Insp. ctot of Police
in Ireland of 4001. a.yenr was too much ; and lie thought that the
election of a temporal I'eer ought to be defrayed by the Peer himself.
Mr. STANLEY explained, and said it was now under consideration
to snake a great alteration in the constabulary force of Ireland.
Mr. G. DAWSON said, that great improvements had been made
lately in the police of Ireland, particularly as regarded ptisons ; but he
still thought that a further saving might be effected.
Mr. GOULBURN rose to explain, and denied that during his being
in office there had ever been any new appointments of Brigad t. Ma-
jors of Yeomanry made in Ireland.
Cul. SIBTHORPE objected to provisions that bad been made to
officers of the Exchequer in lieu of tees,
Mr. Stanley, Mr. Goulbum, end Mr. S. Rice explained.
The question was then put and carried, that the sum of 80,0191. be
voted for the civil contingencies in Ireland.
Sir R. GRANT brought up the Report of Committee of Supply—
which was agreed to.
On the motion of Colonel TRENT, that the Irish Election Bill he
read a seccnd time, the gallery was cleared, but the House did not di-
vide at first, but the gallery was cleared a second time, and were di.
vidcd—For the Committee, 43.—Against It, 20.—Majority 23.
After some conversation on the Corporation Fund: Bill, the house
went into a committee, the CHAIRMAN reported progress, and asked
leave to sit again, which was agreed to.
The Arbitration Bill went through a Committee. Report to he re•-
ceived on the 12th of Aptil.
The Indemnity Bill was read a second time.
Mr. HUME, pursuant to notice, moved that the witnesses in the
Evesham election case be dischargcd,but he had since been informed by
the noble lord under him that it would be unnecessary to press the mo •
tion, as the arrangement had b. en made.
The Marquis of CHANDOS Explained, and said he was determined
to persevere in his measure against the burgh.
Lord STANLEY presented 160 petitions, containing 22,000 sigae-
tures, against negro slavery.
Mr. HUME presented 77 petitions against negro slavery, and one
for reform from the county of Middlesex, and many others in favour
the Reform 13111—the greater number of which were from ,cotland.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from the inhabitants of the
western districts of the metropolis against the Reform Bill.
Mr, MALCOLM presented a similar petition from the Mayor and
Aldermen of Lincoln.

Sir M. SHAW STEWART presented a petition from Glasgow fir
protection of West India property.
Mr. S. LUMLEY presented a petition from the nobili•y alai in.
habitants of the county of Nottingham, praying for parliamentary re-
form ; the Hon. Member presared four others from the same county
on the same subject. lie also presented a dozen from the same county
for the abolition of Flavery.
A vast number of petitions were presented against negro slavery, and
a great number in favour of the reform bill, and on miscellaneous
matters.

All the orders of the day being disposed of, the House adjourned at
twenty minutes past three o'clock.

CLARE ELECTION.
RETURN OF MR. MAURICE O'CONNELL.
WEDNESDAY-(TIIIID DAY.)
This morning the independent party evidently had the battle hollow.
At twoo'clock Mr. Steele was authorised by Sir Edw. O'Brien's friends
to announce that the honourable baronet bad resigned.
The numbers polled this day stood thus :
For Mr. O'Connell
Sir Edward O'Brien -
-
Majority for Mr. O'Connell -
O&M POLL.
For Mr. O'Connell 325
Sir Edward O'Brien - 177
Majority for Mr. O'Connell . —l4B
When these numbers were announced In the Sheriff's booths, dim
were repeated peals of cheering, as well as when the Sheriff announced
Maurice O'Connell, Esq. duly elected as Knight of the Shire to serve
in Parliament for the county of Clare.
Mr. M. O'CoxxEr.t. roseand thanked the High Sheriff for his cour-
tesy and impartiality during the contest; and the constituency of Clati.
for their support ; after which
Mr. W. R. Alsitox got up and addressed the Sheriff ; explainin,z
that he had offered himself as a candidate, believing that no other gen-
tkman had the intention of so doing ; but that at the moment he knew
r. O'Connell had solicited their suffrages beat once resigned.
At the close of the proceedings the chairing took place ; and a:\ tr.
wards an excellent dinner was given at Carmody's hotel.
S:r Edward has addressed the electors of Clare in aa cave: tis.
in shich he observes—

135
73
-,-62

" Agitation has prevailed, and, contrary to the sea se of by far CI,
!treater part of the intelligence and the I.reper yof your county,
election has been &Titled against me, Leann I hold the opinion that
the legislative union of the two kiegtlonts is i.:diss.luttio, und look to
the Rritish connection as the sure totthtlatlol of the la:snits and I ro-
peri,y of the countty.
" Without one unpleasant recoll.ctibn, T sppcai front your decision to
the public at large. As regards n yse:f, I had no personal object or am-
bition to gr.ttity. Advancing in years. delica'e in health, sod unable;
even to solicit in perscn the votes of the constituency, to tatiain at ti.v
residence here is far more agreeable to me titan 13 4:l3er again hr.,. ilt.•
busy scenes of public life; but 1 felt it due to a county a hose confidence
I possessed for so many years, and to my friends, and to arty family, not
voluntatily to abandon a situation which I was conscious I could till with
advantage to the whole body of the people. and in wniri it would have
been my object to soothe and allay the unfortunate agitation which, for
near five years, has disturbed and disorganized so large a portion of your
aunty.

LIVERPOOL ELECTION—MR. FAVA ELT UNSEATED.
The case on behalf of the petitioners having closed on Friday, on the
meeting of the Committee on Saturday,
Mr. Sergeant SPatextE conimenci.d his address 071 the behaif eP
Mr. Ewart. The Learned Counsel, after making some genet al
remarks on the evidence, said, the great and principal, if nil the
only question fur the Committee to decide, was, one of agency,
both in law and in fact; and he should submit, that not tilt least
proof, direct or indirect. existed that Mr. Ewan was at all IM4le of the
proceedings that were giving forward. He could not be at all connected
with the transactions that to. k place. The learned counsel went into a
review of the evidence, but declined calling any witnesses. He concluded
by again declaring tivat Mr. Ewan was not at all connected with the
agency, and in his opinion it would be nitist unjust to declare that den.
tleman's election null and void.

At the conclusion of Mr. Serjeant Spankle's address, the Committee
adjourned until four o'clock, when it came to the following decision
That the sitting member, Mr. Swart, was not duly elected at the last
election of a burgess for Liverpool ; that the whole election was void ;
that the petition was not frivolous or vexatious; and that the opposition
to the petition was not frivolous or vexatious." To which the Committee
added, in a Special iteport—" That it is the opinion of this Conimittee
that gr-ss bribery and treating had prevailed during the Let vlsction at
Liverl•a: I."
Mr. Swain. is disqualified by this decision from siltirg in nubs.
.ilrot. The proceedings before the Committee have cost the patties at
Last 40001. in addition to nearly 100,00(11. for the election.

The difference to advertizets from the abatement of duties
will be immense. The present duty of 3s. Gd. reduced to
Is. will enable Newspapers to charge but 4s. or 4s. Gd. in-
stead of 78. or 3s.—and on longer advertisements to abate
full 50 per cent. On such articles as Warren's Blacking,
Lardner's Cyclopedia, and the Burlington-street Novels,
thousands will be saved per annum; and Books, in general,
may be sold at 20 per cent. less when ;be heavy charges on
advertizing are reduced. We have heard of 3001. on a
single novel or monthly volume; and to make the circuit of
the Papers, costs about 4001.—0 f course, therefore, great
advantages will result to commerce generally, from the re-
duction of from 50 to 75 per cent. in an expenditure for
which the public pay with profit in the price of the snick.

niCr:Olint
:•-
•,>
.1.
% 1 i
i!...! 41
v,.... J....,
‘*' ••. 3PRICE OF STOCKS .
11 fe.tx Crog. 781 1 i
Cone. for Ace. 78 i i i
S per Cent. Red. shut
31 per Ct. 1818, shut
IS per Ct. Red. shut
31 per Cent. New, 884 71 8

;~

r'

•
1,1

4),

Øi'l

i I
1
i
c 4
ill'
....Ili 1
zi. A,

,T TWO O'CLOCK.
I per Ct. IRV%
Long Ann. Jan. 1860,
Old Annuitie4 New.
21000 Kseh. Bilk 25 26
2500 Ditto
2100 and 2900 Do.

FOREIGN STOCKS.
Brazilian, 571 8; for Met, 571. Columbian, 121 ; ditto 1824, 141.
Danish, furAcet, 581 /. Mexican, 1825 37j 7 ; for Aces, 371 7 61.
Russian, 901 ; for Acet, 901. Spanish, 161 1 ; for Aces, 161 1.

IMPANIES.
Irish Grand Canal, 73&
Forth and Clyde, £6115
Liv. & Man. Railway,Zl 8610219
Cromford, £45
Guardian,
Albion Fire, £75
Alliance, £8 Ss
County, £4O
Bolanos Mines, £lBO
Steam Navigation, dis. £6 151
