SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

Truss.—The Duke of Wellington has expressed his determination
to resist all reform : the declaration will probably attach to his admi-
nistration some of the high Tories, who have sat more loose to him
.inee Catholic Emancipation -and the Repeal of the Test and Corpora-
tion Acts have been carried. Should affairs fall into an unhappy train
in France, undoubtedly the dread of reform will be greatly increased in
this country in one elms of people, and the inclination to change inflamed
in another by the influence of example; and in this conflict of principle it
may be difficult to say what would be the remit t but we cannot help ob-
serving,that the Duke, or whoever may be his successor, inheriting his opi-
nions, will not have the same elements of remittance placed at his disposal,
as were possessed and used with such vigour by Mr. Pitt. Between radi-
cal reform, however, and no reform, we know which we should
choose. The evils f the former are anarchy, plunder, slaughter. and
slavery ; those of the latter, provoking interferences with popular rights
—boroughmongering Neercorrupt majorities, ay, and corrupt mino-
rities too,—partialities in the selection and rejection of public function-
arks—severer taxation than necessary ; evils bad enough, no doubt,
hut corrected and controlled by the sense of shame and the apprehen-
sion of consequences. It is clear how much depends upon
France, even with respect to the internal Government of
England. We hope much that what is called the asoweaseent
there will be stopped or impeded; but should the fact prove otherwise,
the reformers of this country—the radical reformers we mean—will not
have it to say that things hare only fallen into confusion In France be-
cause reform was resisted ; for a just and temperate revolution has been
effected—a thorough but a mild reform has been established ; and if
these do not satisfy, what bounds can be set to pcpular demands—
when can an heedless people, impelled by unprincipled demagogues, be
satisfied—till they reach the bourne of all civil commotion,--slavery,
downright slavery,—under the iron rule of some upstart tyrant from
their own body ; and therefore the more justly odious, because be treads
upon his equals ?

CRIIONICLL--Our readers will find, In our report of the debate of
last night, that Sir Robert Peel expressly "disclaimed all idea of inter.
fetence by force of arms" with Belgium ; " but he was satisfied that
the interference his Majesty's Ministers contemplated was more likely
to contribute to the attainment of a peaceful issue than if they were to
follow the advice of some of the Honourable Members opposite. and
maintain a contemptuous indiference towards the present condition
of Belgium." The Right Honoureble Gentleman added, that "he
begged it to be understood that rick interferes**, by no means son.
Slosplated the restoration of arrangements as they stood Wort."
This is a moat important addition. By and bye it will turn out, should
ministers be a little more pressed, that they really entertain the best
disposition in the world towards the Belgians. They should, however,
he debarred u much as possible the use of pen and ink, as they bays a
most unfortunate knack of expressing on paper, the opposite of what
they really mean. This supplementary explanation will, we trust,
dispel the remains of the gloom which their ominous speech east over
the city.

Times—We have not room for more than a brief expression of our
abhorrence of the unjust and cruel spirit which the mob are continually
displaying against the New Police. It behoves all honest men to dis-
courage this malignant feeling by all means in their power. The sys•
tem may have defects : let them be fairly stated and examined : we have
no doubt the respectable persons who have the direction of this useful
branch of public service will attend to all rational suggestions ; but in
the name of common sense and common humanity we call upon English
men to abstain from outrageous violence against their fellow-countrymen,
who are merely acting in the faithful discharge of the duties imposed
on them.

Cnsowiczr .—ln our Marlborough-street Police Report will be
found a long list of persons, brought to that office on account of die.
turbances on Tuesday night. The antipathy of several of them to
the New Police is natural enough, for they are Pickpockets. Others
are chiefly of that description of persons abounding in every metro-
polis, to whom a row is seldom unwelcome. The New Police is an
innovation, and we need not remark that no extensive change ever took
place in any country or city without opposition. All the differ-
ent Parish boards of the Metropolis lost, by the New Police, an
extensive source of patronage ;....they are naturally dissatisfied.—
All those citizens who indulge somewhat freely of an evening
In wines or strong liquors, are displeased that any check
should be put on the exercise of their lungs. They do not find
the police so accessible to pecuniary compensation for outrages as the
uhl watchmen, and are indignant at passing a night in confinement.
I he rate-payers in the metropolis are often exceedingly poor, and it Is
a matter of indifference to them whether the police be good or bad, but
not of indifference that their rates are increased. The only tangible ob-
jection that we have heard against the new police is, that they are more
costly than the old watchmen. The outcry against them, in interested
quarters, has been loud ; but it la correctly appreciated by all reflecting
Persons. It is not, however, to be wondered at, after the numerous
meetings which have been held, and the inflammatory placards which
have been exhibited frau) time to time, that an impression should have
been made among the least rational of the community. The assem-
blages, after all, however, were really, in themselves, quite con-
temptible.

One morning last week the Duke of Wellington found
lying on his table the following letter, of which, it is needless to say his
(.rwe took no serious notice:—" You intend giving a dinner on Mon-
day next. Now recollect, this will be the last dinner you will ever
g we."

The Earl of Beverley's death was very sudden. His
Lordship had driven himself out in his pony chaise for some time on
the preceding day. In the following morning, without complaining of
pain, he leant back in his arm chair and was found dead.
A distinguished Member of the Irish Bar is said to have
been sent to Coventry by the Club to which be belonged in St. James's-
street.

In consequence of a strongly favourable report of the
Committee who recently assembled on board His Majesty's ship Done.
,sal, to inspect the lower and main deck guns of that ship mounted on
Commander Marshall's new principle, the Lords Commissionees of the
Admiralty have ordered half the guns of the Revenge, 74. and Un-
Jaunted Frigate, to be fitted with the new carriages.
Amongst other ceremonies respecting the Sovereign's
tom Into the City to dine with the Corporation of London, onthe
Lord Mayor's.day, subsequent to his accession to the throne, it is an
Acient custom for the senior scholar of Christ's Hospital to address his
majesty, as be passes through the City ; and it is not a Rule sensor.
try that the senior scholar, who lasi bad that honour, seventy years
is still living.
Prince George of Cumberland went into the Green
Room at Covent Garden on Monday evening last, during the perform-
ance of The Provoked lisebond, and appeared highly Owed with the notlgy scene around him, particularly with the dresses of Barclay,
Blanchard, Meadows, •ti. le. be was vary inquisitive, and asked Mr.
ICatnble a variety of questions. On quitting the room be turned
fond sad bowed most gracefully to the Min and gentlemen.

TEE ZINC'S LEVEE.

(Fran the Court Newman.)
Yesterday the King held his second levee, at his Palace in St.
James's.
A detachment of the Life Guards marched into the large court-yard.
soon after 1 o'clock, with their splendid band of 10 performers, in full
state dresses.
Order and regularity in the avenues of the Palace were admirably
preserved by the New Police.
The arrangements and attendants were the same as at the first levee.
The Pages appeared in the new uniform of his present Majesty.
About two o'clock the Lord Chancellor arrived in state, in his full
robes, for the purpose of presenting the address from the House of
Peers. The learned Lord was attended by the Purse Bearer, Mr. Butt,
his fierjeant at Arms, his Lordship's Secretaries, and the Gentlemen of
the Chamber. His Lordship was accompanied by the Marquis of
Bute, the mover of the Address, Lord Monson, the seconder of the
Address, Lord Mayo, the Earl of Shaftesbury, Lord Teynham, the
Duke of Norfolk, with his baton of office, Earl Spencer. Viscount Lor-
ton, Lord Oriel, the Bishop of St. An* the Bishop of Chichester, &c.
Their Lordships were preceded by Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt, the Usher of
the Black Rod, with his wand of office.
Shortly after, his Majesty being seated on his throne, surrounded by
the Cabinet Blinisters, the Great Officers of State, and other attendants,
the Deputation from the House of Lords were introduced by the Lord
Chamberlain, and Mr. Mash, Mr. Martin, and Captain Halton, the Gen-
tlemen Ushers in Waiting. The Lad Chancellor then read the ad.
dress, to which his Majesty Monads most gracious answer.
The Hon. Corps of Goodemen Nadeau* formed an avenue to the
throne, beaded by Viscount Hereford, Sir George Pocock, the Standard
Bearer, Mr. Riede's, the Lieutenant, and Mr. Hancock, the Clerk of
the Cheek.
After the King had received the address of the House of Peers, their
Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge, who had at-
tended his Majesty while receiving the address, retired into the Ban-
queting-mom, where the Lord Chancellor held a Court, which was at.
ttnded by Mr. Abbott, the Prothonotary, and all the Officers of the
Court, when his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex signed a declare.
tioa against transubetandatioo, as a Privy Counsellor, and Colonel of
the Royal Artillery Company. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cam.
bridge signed a similar declaration, as a Privy Counsellor, a Field Mar-
shal, Commander of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, Com-
mander of the 60th Regiment, and Lord High Steward of Windsor.
The King gave an audience to the Field OS= in Waiting, and fixed
the military password for the day.
The King gave audiences to the American and Sardinian Ministers,
who were introduced to his Majesty by the Earl of Aberdeen, the prin.
ape! Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Sir Robe.
Chester, the Master of the Ceremonies, when their Excellencies deli-
vered letters to the King.
The Duke of Wellington, Sir Robert Peel, the Duke of Buck-
ingham, the Duke of Leeds, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, the Arch-
bishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Aberdeen, the Earl of Jersey,
Lord Duffield, ,Lord Hill, Sir William Clinton, Lord Howe, the
Marquis of Winchester, and Lord Cathcart, had audiences of his
Majesty.
The King then received those having the privilege of the entree r
The Prince of Caroluth, the Austrian, French, and Netherlands Am.
beseadon, the Spanish, Prussian, Russian, Swedish, American, Mexi-
can, and Sardinian Ministers ; the Danish and Brazilian Charge*
d'Affaires. The whole of the Cabinet Ministers, the Archbishops of
Canterbury and York, the Earl Marshal, the Master of the Horse, the
Lord Steward, the Groom of the Stole, the Lord Chamberlain, the De-
puty Great Chamberlain, the Captain of the Yeoman Guards, the Cap.
lain of the Gentlemen Pensioners, the Lord Chamberlain to the Queen.
the Vice Chamberlain to the Queen, the Treasurer of the Household,
the Vice Chancellor, who came in state, Sir Andrew Barnard, principal
Equerry to the King, Major-General Madame% principal Equerry
to the Queen, the Commander of the Forcer, the Marter.aal of the
Ordnance, the Paymaster of the Forces, Viscount Cotnberowee, Odd
Stick in waiting, the Lord Registrar for Scotland, the Sub.Daan of the
Chapel Royal, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Master of the Cere-
monies, the Arbiahop of Cashel, Mons. Mangino, Secretary to the
Brazilian Embassy.
The Spanish Minister presented Le Chevalier A. Lopez de Cordoba.
Secretary to the Spanish Embassy, and Messrs. J. Curtoys and L. de
Salazar, attachis to the Embassy.
Among the presentations were the following
The Earl of Westmoreland and the High Sheriff of the county of
Northampton, with an Address to his Majesty from the county; the
High Sheriff was presented by Lord Westmorland.
The Earl of Falmouth, with an address of congratulation from
Penzance.
The Rev. Dr. Wade and Mr. William Collins, with an address
from Warwick.
Mr. Collins (High Sheriff) and Mr. Wynne Portieres', M.P. for
Cornwall, with an address from the comity ; Mr. Collins was presented
by the Earl of Falmouth.
Sir Charles Lemon, with an address from the Royal Institution of
Cornwall. by the Earl of Ilthester.
Mr. Wm. Newton, with an address front the Corporation of Derby,
accompanied by Colonel Cavendish and Mr. E. Strum
Mr. Denman, on receiving a patent of precedency, and to present an
address of congratulation front the town of Petulance, by the Lad
Chancellor.
Mr. J. G. Scott, High Sheriff of Huntingdonshire and Gabel*.
shire, with a congratulatory address from the county of Huntingdon.
Captain A. Campbell, R.N. with an address from the county of M-
el&
The Earl of Goateed, by the Earl of Ili:hater.
The Rev. E. Evened, Chaplain to the Household at Brighton, by the
Bishop of Chichester.
The Hon. Lloyd Kenyon, M.P. by Lord Kenyon.
The Earl of llchester, by Earl Howe.
The Rev. John Sinclair, by the Earl of File.
Mr. 11. C. Templeman, by the Rev. Sir Robert Peat, D.D.
The Right Hon. Sir Wm. Rae, Bart. on his re-appointment as Lord
Advocate of Scotland.
The Rev. R. Tredcroft, by the Lord Bishop of Chichester.
The Rev. T. F. Foord Bowes, on his re-appointment as Chaplain to
his Majesty, by the Duke of Leeds.
The Hon. and Rev. Paul Anthony Irby, by Lord Boston.
The Earl of Longford, by the Earl of Roden.
Mr. Anthony Leroy, by Viscount Lorton.
Mr. Wm. Lane Fox, Yorkshire Hussars, by the Lord in Waiting.
The Rev. Dr. Trotty, of Etchingham, by the Bishop of Chichester.
The Earl of Home, by the Duke of Buccleuch.
Viscount Acheson, by the Earl of Gosford.
Mr. Lefroy, by Viscount Lorton.
Rev. Dr. Geldart, his Majesty's Professor of Civil Law, Cambridge,
by the Bishop of Lincoln.
Lord Dufferin, Colonel Royal North Down Militia, on being ap-
pointed his Majesty's Aide-de-Camp for the Militia of Ireland, and on
pro.notion in the Army.
Lord Delamere, by the Duke of Buckingham.
Mr. Mundy, by Admiral Sotheron.
Rev. Dr. Sleath, Chaplain in ordinary to his Majesty, by the Bishop
of London.
Mr. James Loch, by Earl Gower.
Mr. W. Hughes Hughes, M.P. for the city of Oxford, by the Right
Hon. Lord Vernon.
The Dean of Rochester, by the Bishop of Rochester.
Sir William Chatterton, by the Marquis of Winchester.
HOP. Mr. hlonckton. by the Marquis of Chohnondeley.
Sir Robert Bateman, by the Earl of Belfast.
Rev. Andrew Bell, Lb. D. Prebendary of Westminster, by his
Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Lord byttleton, by Earl Spencer.
The Earl of Bradford, by Earl Candor.
Lord Clifford, by Lord Clinton.
Mr. Serjeant Merewether, Recorder of Reading, by the Lord Chan.
cellar.
Sir G. Robinson, by the Earl of Westmorland.
Lord Braybrooke, by the Duke of Buckingham.
Hon. C. Law, King's Counsel, by the Lord Chancellor.
Sir. F. Sykes, by Sir A. Barnard.
Hon. Major-General King, on his return from Ireland, by Viscount
Lorton.
Lord Bonder, by the Lord Chamberlain.
Hon. Capt. Bridganan, It.N. on his return from the hiediterransao,
by the Earl of Bradford.
Sir Clifford Constable, by the Earl of Shrewsbury.
Viscount Maitland, by the Earl of Emilia.
Hon. end Rev. T. K. Boacawar, by the Earl of Falmouth.
Mr. Lawley, by Lord Macclesfield.
Mr. Balfour, M.P. by Lord Roselyn.
Hon. and Rev. Frederick Pleydell Bouvet* by the Earl of Radnor.
Lord Deere, by the Marquis of Bute.
Host. Captain Eliot, R.N. on his appointment as Naval Aide.de.
Camp to his Majesty.
Lord Suffield, by Lord Grosvenor.
Mr. Harcourt, by Lord Clinton.
Lord Bayning. by Marquis Camden.
Hon. Captain George Campbell, R N. by Earl Cawdor.
Lord Selsey, by the Lord in Waiting.
Rev. Dr. Smith, Dean of Christ Church, Oxford, by hie Grace the
Archbishop of Canterbury.
Viscount Duncan, by the Duke of Norfolk.
Earl of Romney, by the Earl of Falmouth.
Hon. Captain Duncombe, by Lord Feminism.
Mr. George Moran', by Lieut. General Sir John Lambert.
Lord Montford, by the Lord in Waiting.
M. Lathes, by the Earl of Ciodord.
Viscount Northland, by the Lewd in Waiting.
Mr. Mansfield, by Lord St. Helens.
Sir Philip Grey Egerton, by Lord Hill.
Mr. Vance, by Lord Melville.
Sir Robert Gunning, Bart. by Lord Westmorland.
Viscount Galway, by the Marquis of Cbolmondidey.

Colonel Sir John Miley Doyle, K.C.B. presented by the Right
Hon. Sir H. Hardinge, K.C.B.
Mr. Pye, by Earl Bathurst.
Eir John Gibbons, by Colonel Wood.
Viscount Ferran]. by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. Robert Mangles, by Lord Boston.
Sir John Mortlock, by the Duke of Rutland.
Mr. Littleton, by the Earl of
I sir Charles Knighdy, by Sir t'igteLetnantle.
Sir Henry Smyth. by Sir Andrew Barnard.
Mr. Gurney, King's Counsel, by the Lord Chasedlor.
Mr. Charles Kemys Tynte, by Sir P. •
Mr. Conyers, by Lieut.-General Sit W. Pall
Mr. Richmond, one of the Commissioners of Customs, by Mr.
Goulbum.
Mr. M. Gambier, OD being appointed an Equerry to his Royal High-
awn the Duke of Gloucester, by CoL Higgins.
Mr. Tudor, M. P. by the Marquis of Ormonde.
Mr. Samuel Poynter, by Earl Howe.
Mr. Pole, by the Earl of Limerick.
Mr. Beilby Thompson. by the Duke of Buckingham.
Mr. Wentworth Beaumont, by the Earl of Winchilera
Mr. Scott, by Lieut.-General Sir J. Lambert, K.C.B.
Mr. C. Hamilton, by the Earl of Haddington.
Mr. Ayshford Sanford, by the Lord in Waiting.
Mr. J. Courtenay, on coming from the Continent.
Mr. J. Ewing, M.P. by the Right lion. J. Calcraft.
Air. J. Phillpotta, 14. P. ny the Duke of Beaufort.
Mr. Adolphus Cottin, by Mr. Lister Parker.
Mr. Thomas Haynes Bayly, by the Earl of Errol.
Mr. T. Bucknall Eatcoort, by Admiral Sotheron.
Mr. C. Grenfell, by Lord Sefton.
Mr. Stephen G. Lushington, by the Earl of Verulam.
Mr. Frankland, by the Bishop of Rochester.
Mr. O'Toole, by Mr Littleton.
Mr. Monte Binning, Commissioner of Customs, by the Duke of
Montrose.
Mr. A. Baring, by the Lord Chamberlain.
Mr. Fleming, M.P. by the Lord in Waiting.
Governor Holdsworth, by Colonel Wood.
Mr. Cartwright, by Lord Westmorland.
Mr. Francis Alolyneuz, by Lord Sefton.
Mr. Tredcroft, by Mr. Barrett.
Mr. Doherty. Solicitor• General for Ireland, by Sir Robert Peel.
Mr. Newton, on being appointed Miniature Painter in Ordinary to
their Majesties, by the Marquis of Lothian.
Lieutenant-General Sir Hussey Vivian, on his promotion.
Lieutenant• General Mikes, on his appointment of Lieutenant-Go.
Tremor of Quebec, by Lord Hill.
Major-General Le Alesurier, on promotion, by Admiral Sir James
8w
Mr. Law, by Sir Robert Peel.
Lieutenant-General Bruce, on promotion.
Lieutenant-General Birch Reynardson, on promotion, by Lieutenant.
General Sir J. Willoughby Gordon.
Lieutenant-General Riall, by the Earl of Fife.
General Sir John Fraser, on promotion.
Major-General Bathurst, by his Royal Highness the Duke of Susses.
General the Hon. Edmund Phipps, by Lord Hill.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wells Bells, by Lieutenant-Colonel Frederick
Fitsclarence.

Lieutenant-Colonel Townsend, by Lord Hill.
Lieutenant• Colonel D. Macgregor, by Major-General Macdonell, C R.
Lieutenant. Colonel Phipp., on his promotion, by the Earl of Erroll.
Colonel Wodehouss, byLord Dlgby.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wear', by Lord Rodney.
Col. Sir G. Berkeley, by Capt. Seymour, R.N.
Lieut.XoL Forth, by Lieut.-flea. Sir W. Gordon.
Col. Pym, on promotion, by Lord Beresford.
Admiral Murray, by Lord Melville.
Rear-Admiral Scott, by Lord Montagu.
1 atear-Admiral Lloyd, by the Earl of ilzbridge.
Admiral Sotheby, on promotion, by Viscount Melville.
Admiral Sir Sidney Smith, on his proatotion as Admiral of the White,
by Viscount Melville.
Rear-Admiral Schonberg, on his return from foreign service, and on
promotion, by Viscount Melville.
The Rev. Dr. Inman, by Lord Melville.
Mr. G. Smith, M.P. by Colonel Asir% M.P.
The Knight of gory, Vies-Treasurer of Ireland, by the Duke of
W.Uhagton.
. Hon. William Dancombe, by Lord Ferenham.
Sir James Graham, by the Earl of Dudley.
Lord M. William Graham, by the Duke of Montrose.
Lord John Rundle by the Lord in Waiting.
Rev. Charles Wordsworth, A.M. Canon of St. Pail's, by the Bishop
of Chithester.
Mr. Spring Rice, ALP. by the Earl of Limerick.
Sir Witkin Williams Wynn, Akle.de-eamp to his Majesty, by Lord
Hill.
Colonel Brotberton, on his being appointed as Aide-de•Camp to the
-

curd Althorp, by Earl Spencer.
The Earl of Haddington, by the Earl of Macclesfield.
The Hon. Adolphus F. Cathcart, by Earl Cathcart.
Captain W. A Montagu, on being nominated a Military Knight of
e Royal Guelphk Order.
Mr. Thomas Wilson, by the Judge-Advocate General.
Mr. Edward Strutt, by lAeutesumt.Colonel Cavendish.
Sir Rowland Hill, by loord
Sir William Ingilby, 5y Lord Amelins Beauclerk.
Mr. Sergeant Ooulburu, Recorder of Leieester, by the Chaneellor of
K Exchequer.
The Earl of Stamford and Warrington, by the Marquis of Win-

Major James, by Lord Hill.
Major Robinson, on his return from India, by Lieut.-General Sir W.
Inglis.
Admiral W. Peer Williams Freeman, on his promotion to the rank
of senior Admiral of the Fleet, by Viscount
Major Pepon, by Admiral Sir James Saurnares.
Major Hodgson, by his Royal Highness Prince Leopold.
Major Anderson, by Sir John Lambert.
Major Maunsell, by Sir Herbert Taylor.
Lieut.-Colonel Willard, by the Earl of Erroll.
Lient.-Colonel Campbell, on promotion, by the Earl of Roselyn.
Captain Talbot, by the Earl of Morley.
Major Frederick Johnston, by Lient.-General Sir Hussey Vivian.
IC:ratcdn Rowley, on appointment to the Wellesley, by Sir George
M

--6sita to J. Borne, by Sir H. Vivian.
Commander Henry Lane, by Admiral Sir Henry Neale.
Ensign Todd, by Sir Herbert Taylor.
Mr. Hunt, to prey-nt addresses from Middleton, Bolton, and Preston,
in Lancashire, from the city of Carlisle, from the middle and working
classes of the metropolis, and from the Radical Reform Association, by
the Lord in Waiting.

Yesterday the American and Sardinian Ministers were
introduced to the Queen by Lord Howe, her Majesty's Chamberlain,
and conducted by Sir Robert Chester, the Master of the Ceremonies,
when their Rzallencies delivered letters to her Majesty.
Their Majesties have notified their intention of honour.
ing with their presence the first representation of the pupils of the
Royal Academy of Music, at the Concert Roans, King's Theatre, on
Saturday nest.
