HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Sir R. WILSON presented a Petition .from the Tanners of
Southwark, praying that the Leather Tax may not be repealed.
Ordered to be printed.
Sir R. WILSON wished for some information from the Hon.
Secretary for the Colonial Department, relative to a famii,, of
sixteen persons, of the name of Berouka, who had been saved by
the French Consul at the massacre of Patras. They, resorted
to the lonian Islands, and they were there ordered to return to
the Mores, an act of the Lord High Commissioner which he
considered to be most arbitrary. They then applied fur leave
to remain a certain time, in order to avoid the Barbary Cor-
sairs, which was. denied them. They were consequently taken
by an Algerine, and were, no doubt, cohdemned.to slavery. He
wished to know Whether the Government had received any in-
telligence upon this subject, as such was the statement which he
had heard? He also would be glad to know whether the lion.
Member would have any objection to the return of a document
presented to Lord Bathurst by Signor Rossi, amongst the other
papers relating to the lonian Islands, which had Seen ordered
by the House ?
Mr. WILMOT said, that he had received no intelligence
whatever relating to the circumstances the. Hon. Airrnber had
mentioned. With regard to the paper of Signor Rossi lie should
certainly object to it, because it was an ex-parte statement, and
its production would give rise to a great inconvenience, whilst it
codld'be of no serirke to any measure the Hon. Member might
think proper to bring forward.
Sir ROBERT WILSON wished to know whether Signor
Rossi was at this time banishes' from the lonian Islands?
Mr. WILMOT said, he knew of no reason why Signor Rossi
should be considered as banished.---The conversation then

dropped.
Sir THOMAS ACLAND presented a Petition from the
Owners and Occupiers of Land in one of the Hundreds of the
County of Devon, praying for Protecting Duties on Butter.—
Ordered to be printed.
Mr. MONEY presented a Petition from the Trinity House
Company, praying that a Bill might be brought into the House
for altering and amending certain Acts, so as to make them con-
formable to the new regulations with regard to Foreign Track.—
The Petition was referred to a Committee.

A Message from the Lords announced that their Lordships
'had agreed to the Camden Town Improvement Bill, wad several
other Private Bills.

Mr. 11. O. BENNET brought up the Report of the Ale-
house Licensing Bill, which was ordered to be taken. into
further consideration on Friday next, and the Bill, as amended,
to be printed.
Mr. HUME moved for Returns of the several Officers in
Ireland holding two or more offices, stating the names of the
offices they hold, and the amount of remuneration, whether as
salary or allowance, or compensation for the loss of any place.—
Ordered. •

Mr. DENMAN presented a Petition from several respectable
Merchants and Manufactiirers in the town of Nottingham, pray-
ing that East India Sugars might be admitted upon paying ad
valorem duties.—Ordercd to be printed.
Mr. DENMAN presented a Petition from certain Ship-
owners in the town of Gainsborough, praying for a total Repeal
of the Salt 'fax. _

Mr. CURWEN wished to know when it was the intention
of Government to bring in a Bill for repealing the Taxes which
had been given up, as he was anxious that he should not be
considered as taking Ministers by surprise, it bring his intention
to move an instruction to the Committee to repeal the whole of
the Salt Tax?
Mr. LUSHINGTON said, no unnecessary delay would take
place in bringing in the Bill. The clauses, which were df consi.
derable importance, were under consideration.
Mr. CALCRA FT complained of the late attendance of Mi-
nisters, it was now past five c'clock, and not a single Minister'
was present. He meant nothing disparaging towards the Right
Hon. Gentleman, but he muse give it as his opinion, that his
.Majesty's Ministers, or the Chancellor of the ftchequer, should
be in their places to hear the important Petitions of the People
read—(Hear, hear !).—He had beard a report that Government
had declared their intention to giver* the duty on Scotch Salt
entirely ;he wished to.know if such was their intention ? •
Mr. LUSHINGTON was wholly ignorant that Ministers
had any such intention. '

-------------
Sir JOHN NEWPORT complained of the absence of
Ministers.
General GASCOYNE wished for an entire repeal of the Salt
Duty, and thought a proposition to that effect should be made at
once, and thus avoid repeated discussions at this advanced period
of the Session.:—The Petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROUGHAM begged to ask the Noble Marquis whe-
ther there would be any objection to lay before the House a
Return of the Number of Offices to be created under the Irish
Police Bill, distinguishing the• Salary to be paid to each Officer ?
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, the Account would
come before the House as a matter of course in the shape of
estimates. Ile believed his Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Goulbuan)
would be prepared with information on the subject to-morrow.
On the motion of Mr. COVILTWAY, the further ronsidetation
of the Report on the Prison Laws Consolidation Bill was post-
poned to Friday, the an instant.
On the motion of the CIIANCIU.LOR of the Exemaciont, the Na-
val and Military Pensions Blfwas read a second time, and or-
dered to be ccrmusitted on Wednesday teen.
CANADA TRADE.

On the motion of hfr. WILMOT the- House went into a Com-
mittee on the Canada Trade Aet, and Mr. Wilmot obtained
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act. •
ItECEIVIR•OENERALS BILL.

Upon the motion of Mr.LUSIIIXOTOY, the Receiver-

.A
