From the second edition of the Eloile of April 18.

CHAI.IBER OF PEERS—BULLETIN, Aram 17.
The Chamb:i met at one o'clock. On the opening
of the sitting it verified the title's of the Marquis de la
Place, who is to take his seat in the Chamber by here.
ditary right. •

'Die Keeper of the Sealt then communicated to the
Chamber an ordinance of the King, dated this day,con.
mired as follows—
i .. Charles, by the grace of Goo King of France and Navarre.
To all whom these presents shall come, greeting.

"We have ordained and ordain as follows— -
" Art. 1. The Project Law relative to the police of the press is
withdrawn.

" Art. h. Orr Beeper of the Seals, Minister Secretary of State
[or the department of Justice, is charged with the execution of the
present ordinance.
1 "Given at Paris, at the Palace of the Tuileries, the 17th day of
April, in the year of our Lord I 527, and the third of our reign.

tßy the King)

" CHARLES.

K The Keeper of the Seals, Minister and Secretary of State for
the department of Justice. " Count de PEYRONNET."
FROM TH it COMFIT UTIONN EL OF MONDAY AND TilltBDAY.

PARIS, Amu. 16.

CONSEQUENCES Or THE NEW ORGANIZATION OS THE

ENGLIRN MINISTRY.Every conversation for the last
two days has turned on the elevation of Mr. Canning,
and the consequences which may thence result. The
public, which discovers with admirable instinct what
different events are hostile or favourable to the interests
of society, has received with great satisfaction the news
so impatiently expected of the triumph of Mr. Canning.
On the other hand, the Congregation is terrified. Our
Ministers themselves, whatever their apparent opinions
may be, are not better pleased with it. They would
have been better pleased to treat with the English Oli-
garchy, than to find themselves in the presence of a
Ministry friendly to the civil and religious liberties of
men. The superiority of Mr. Canning readers their
miserable mediocrity the more apparent.
We may consider the revolution which has just taken
place in the British Cabinet, as a complete separation
irons the superannuated policy of the Holy Alliance.
England, become more free in its movements, will be
able to consult its true interests; and, fortunately for
the world, those interests are those of humanity. Thus
are the designs of that Apostolic faction which was pre-
paring the slavery of Portugal as an indispeosable pre-
liminary to the abolition of all free Governments of
Europe, frustrate!.
France will with sorrow gather the fruits of a false,
absurd, and impious 'policy : equally exposed to the
hatted. of the Apostolicals and the contempt of the
Constitutionals, she will see England triumph in Spain
—raise that country from the state of humiliation into
which-it has fallen—reanimate its industry—profit by
itself, and associate itself everywhere with the liberty
and prosperity of nations. What shall we be then? Will
any shadow of liberty remain to us? Will not the
Congregation and the Ministry reign absolutely on
the ruins of our institutions, so audaciously attacked ?
Shall we be able to protest freely against such a dis-
grace, and cast the responsibility of it on its authors ?
IRON! 1111 JOURNAL DU DEBAT&
PARIS, Anus 16. _ _ _

Mr. Canning has remained erect on the ruins of the
English Cabinet, freed from all the shackles with which
it was endeavoured to surround •his elevation to the
post of Prime Minister; absolved from all the conces•
%ions which it was expected would be loin from him,
from his anxiety to attain the helm of affairs, or his
hope of conciliating and uniting with him men to do
without whom he soon found himself sufficiently strong.
The wish of the King, the spirit of the siert m ijority of

Met The colntipt TeAticatla.
PARIS, Arse. le.
EFFECT% OF THE NOMINATION 01 MR. CANNING.
A great event has crowned the morKfications of our
statesmen during the holy week. That was not the
object of their fervebt prayers, for it is in vain for Mr.
Canning to be a partizan of Catholic emancipation;
they would be perfectly resigned to leave them eter-
nally in the state of political deprivation in which they
are, provided the power should pass from the hands of
Mr. Canning to those of a Minister who would resume
the system of Castlereagh, and unite the scattered frag-
ments of the Holy Alliance. But this hope has vanished.
The Catholics will probably be emancipated, but by a
Minister who has declared himself the partizan of civil
and religious liberty—who has acknowledged the inde-
pendence of the American Republics, and has associated
himself with the movements of civilization. What a
cause of consternation is this for the faction which
govern us ! Of what importance to them is the political
liberty of some millions of Catholics, if it is to be pro-
cured by the triumph of principles which inherit the
plans of universal servitude formed at Rome, and in our
Jesuitical Councils ?

MADRID, Amur. S.
PRIVATE CORRItsPoNDENCL

The Government seems to persist in its design of in-
creasing the military organization of Spain. The fol-
lowing is a new measure, tending to that end. The
Gazega publishes to-day a circular of the Supeme Coon-
cil War, explaining the Decree direstiog the levy of
24,000 men. Several articles of that Decree are modi-
fied, particularly those respecting the mode of replacing
the Nobles. All the new regulations 'have for their
object the hastening the levy of the troops, and the pre-
vention of desertion. Every young man arresting a
deserted conscript shall be exempted from the service;
and if it appear that the deserter has concealed himself
more than a week in a village, the township pay a fine,
and furnish, in certain cases, another recruit.
BARCELONA, Aran 8. .

Rots; ithstanding the check received before Cardone,
the insurgent movements increase, proclamations are
spread, and even addressed to the constituted authori-
ties; it is there stated, that the object is again to deliver
the King, who is de noun captive at Madrid : it be were
free, would he allow such persons to remain in place?
Would he not rather serve against the Negros? Would
he add to the misfortunes of Spain the presence of foreign
troops, and the infamous police? It is also directsd,
that taxes shall only be paid into the hands of the
Royalists; no obedience rendered to the allied troops,
and punishment inflicted on the Constitutionals.
A convoy of cattle intended for the French troops at
Barcelona passed Ripol at the moment when a guerilla
force of between 250 and 300 men were disarming the
local police.

The authorities of Braga, the principal place of the
corregimiento, have received information that the insur-
gents were to possess themselves of them, and the per-
sons suspected by them. All retired to Barcelona yes-
terday. They have learned that their houses have been
plundered, and burned since their departure.
A carriage, loaded with gold and silver, has been
surprised at the gates of the city ; as the removal of
money is forbidden in Spain. the Excise has taker, pos-
session of it. The police had learned that these funds
were going to the insurgents. Some hours after the
seizure, an individual came to demand the money.—
Due notice has been taken of this demand, and of him
who made it.
The events of Portugal have deprived Catalonia of
Spanish troops, so that it is hard to discover how the
Captain• General will proceed to extinguish the flame
which threatens this province.
Every day several persons of property arrive in the
city from the neighbouring places, on account of the
dangers to which they consider their lives exposed. But
no one departs: The name of Don Carlos is in the
mouth of the insurgents, and on their flags. They
continually exclaim Fuera las Franceses—(Away with
the French !)
The French Authorities are on guard in the city, but
we have very few troops, and scarcely any supplies.
813 U D'URGEL, Aram S.
The greatest fermentation reigns throughout the cen-
tral part of Catalonia, and anarchy has been at its height

FROM THE ISTMLI OF TUESDAY.
LISBON, MAscs 51.
The Chamber of Peers was occupied in one of its
late Sittings with a proposition 'calculated to set to
work all the publicists and civilians in Europe. It
was propssed to offer a prize of twenty ceutos of
reis (120,000 f.), to reward the author of the best Civil
Code; and another of twelve centos (72,0001.), foe the
author of the hen Criminal Code. It was intended to
have an accessed' the half, and the third of these two
sums. The project of a law on this subject was rejected
by a majority of 23 votes against IS.
In one of the subsequent Sittings, a discussion on the
admission of Foreign Corn led to a violent altercation
between the Bishop of Vino and Count de Taipa, who
mutually threatened each other with calls to order. The
galleries having presumed to interfere in this quarrel
by their cries, the President ordered them to be in-
stantly cleared.
The Chamber of Peers discussed, on the 29th, a Bill
sent up to it from the Chamber of Deputies, the object
of which was, to erect a monument in honour of Don
Pesdro IV. as a*mark of gratitude for the Charter which
he granted to the Portuguese nation. The commission
to whom the consideration of this subject was referred,
reported that they thought no 'monument would be
more suitable, and was more called for, than the opening
of a canal, which should join the Tagus to the Sadano,
a rivet which falls into the Bay of Setuval.
The Chamber negatived a proposition for holding an
evening sitting for deciding on this Bill, and on several
other measures of urgent necessity.
The Sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, on the 29th
excited much curiosity. This was called forth by anxiety
to learn whether M. Mascaranbos, elected a Deputy for
the Algarves, afterwards tried as a partisan of the
Infant Don Miguel, and unanimously acquitted by the
Court of Peers, would be allowed totake his seat in the
Chamber.

M. Barrettofeio maintained that the accused, though
absolved by the first body in the State, was not the less
guilty, according to public opinion. Tha Chamber de-
cided, by a majority of 87 against 3, that M. Masca-
ranbos should be permitted to retain his seat. That De-
puty immediately made his appearance, and took his seat.
' The Sitting of the 30th was rendered still more re:
markable, by the proposition made in it by the Deputy
Magalhaes, to present' an Address to the Infanta Re•
gent; in the first place, displaying to'her Royal High-
ness the present situation of Portugal ; and secondly, to
require that the execution of the measures• which she

.
may think ought to be adopted, shall be no longer en•
trusted to men who have not the confidence of the public.
The Central Commission called on the Chamber
to consider whether this proposition was not directed,
personally, against all the present Ministers. It decided
that it was unconstitutional in its form.

M. Magalhaes wished to defend his proposition. The
Presipeat called him to order, temat king to him that
he ought to give three days notice, according to the
regulations of the Chamber.
The Minister of Finance and of Foreign Affairs an-
nounced it to be their intention to prosecute film as a
libeller.—The Chamber, towards the end of the sittiagg
on a sudden declared itself permanent, in order to afford
the Chamber of Pecos time for prcc:eding with its re-
solution relative to the Tax on Timber.
It then resumed the discussion on the motion for an
Address, brought forward by M. Magalhaes.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs having remarked,
that the Chamber arrogated to itself powers which did
not belong to it, d:manded its rejection. A crowd of
Members exclaimed against this assertion. The Minister
immediately asked pardon for the expression which had
e►caped from him, declaring that he had meant to say
a Deputy, and not the whole Chamber.
M. Borges Carneiro considered the intended accu-
sation of Ministers to be intemperate at the scum time
accusing them himself of being the authors of the ills
which desolated Portugal,by their system of moderation'.
.The law on the timber tar, transmitted from the
Chamber of Peers with many amendments has been
again referred to the Finance Committee.
EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER.

The Session of the Chambers has terminated. The
accusation brought by M. Magalhaes against the
Ministers has been rejected. It is probable, in coma-
quence of this, that we shall retain the same Ministry
for some months at least.
The English army remains stationary► and um
Quarter Master General constantly resides at Coimbra.
The fear of new invasion seems to have ceased, for
the greater Rart of the Officers are here for a holiday.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Maui' IR
All the European Ministers residing at Pera have
made representations to the Reis Effendi on the subject
of the pacification of Greece, and have advised him to
close with the propositions of Russia and England.
Many persons regard this as a complete accession to
the protocol of the conferences of St. Peter sburgh of
the 4th April; while others would point out a difference
between the menacinA attitude taken by she English
and Russian Ministers, and that of the other Ministers,
who limit themselves to simply rccommending that
their propositions may be accepted.
M. Testa, Dragoman to the Austrian Embassy fix

,~.
