FRANKFOR C, OCTOBER 3,

The second preliminary conferenaa.ot the Ministers
here will take place dip 9th. Nothing -has transpired
. respecting the subjects discussed:in-don fisst ;ante-
• rence ; but it is known with certainty that it termi-
nated to the general satisfaction. • • •
ROME, SEPTEMBER 51.
O. hunilred and seventy-three subjects of the
Papal States, delivered from slavery at Algiers by
the armsat his Britannic Majesty, have arrived in
this capital. Messrs. Ilely, a Captain., and Aylmer,
Captain of the Severn frigate, hone had the honour.
to be•prgsented to. his Holiness, who received theni
witrt tite:greatest-afFability, • and testified to them his
gratittide for the signal service •done to it Stites by
the English lot elm in the Mediterranean; ;
• Tor Princess-of Wales; before- her departure 'for,
Upper bat loanade.. a present :•-to • his. Holiness •of a
statue retatlitriting • the Attlfainget
chael, which bee Royal flightiest had brought from
'Palestine; 1•!: ..• • • • • .. .
• . - f .!• -PRIVATE LETTERS. •
44•sAuss. OCTOBER 7.
At eleven rec.lock on ,Thutsday night, the Grand.
Prevost, with twenty geadarmeS and other military
accompaniments, surrounded the house of M. Pascal,
Rile de Sevres, NO: 14, entered his ship;
and sifter haviagisiund his son, who was asleep there,
sustitnotied the f Adler to deliver up 900010 s. weight
of gunpowder, tit:o.cannon,-and 990 muskets, which
were concealed in his cellar. Two sentinels were
• lett at the door, and. the pea% morning, the 4th nst.
at severs n'ckick, the astonished blacksmith was con•
ducted as a criminal before. the Grand Prevost.—
Some. old h-qp tyivered with the invoice to P4Seals
inkong whichwere Cella:111 g9o4NirrelSe Etc. all cast-
off' cormn...dities, occasioned this burlesque operation
Of atithoriv . The blacksmith, PascaL
.htsd neither
:gunpowder, guns, nor cartoon, save what he moun-
ted guard with, and was at lAat'very.ititne its nein,.
cimson for the Pete of Ilicokl.iroo to the arsenals .of,
Government, •.
• ..• , • . . -
would be Wistilig yput One to:repeet. the
so'd erogiiingtion, wOich iteneisrp how •surreatat
tali, in cOaSttnence of tint hasty ituiienient,of
de'lgessey, who was.willing..to prove' thiet.bis Police
was more active 'Lan. the established:Forte. of the
• ting.ffunt."
AN*EII. kirneit-4iihe'poirt
‘l4' The agitation of the public riiiud.Wlth respect to
the elections rather increases than diminishes. The
Slini‘ten •ase 'all-their influence, .even in a manner
which wring pot be tolerated in Englaqo.l„ and they
ray they are sure of 18u Deputies to Sapp*. them.
I balivve they are very much mistaken. . However,
to beat the Royalists, they are.raising a devil it will
• am' be so easy to lay.. The cry-' Pao de Mila,
Pact•de Pretra; is propagated with an alarining
• activity. The Ministerialists prefer every Where. vo-
ting for a Jacobin or a Bonapartist, to siring their
voice for a Royalist. The electoral body at Paris is
on badly eomposed, that no eitraordinary influence
was Minim to elect friends of Ministeis; one :clone
tithe eight members is looked upon as likely to-vote
against Bern--M. Breton, **notary; two of them,
DE. Rig AncfM. Latties were members Of Otiaapatte's
timber (1.) . •
:4'l.ll§viiie et Oise,. M. de BizementiEtti M. do In:,
• nitts.44-Du4uties of the lait Chamber, tireiWalisit;
Usquin, their Colleague; a Ministetistiiit; at ay
.114. De**, be was fait Prefect, and. the& ketiihei
of ronaparte's Climate during the. 100 days.' 'rise
Prifeet 'elf 'this. Deptertitient mentiontd. to 'different*
Electors that the King did,not. wish one Gentlentait

--

. . _
• -
to be Ilirned.t dro shisetYkis was; I stypese,-or
course Moil 'but._ _it PrOthkeliihkeliect clothed.
Ih Seine et Marne the ehigea is as Bad as posikie'
bpis M: de St.Cricq, the lithisato friend and crea-
ture of'. Fouche ; M. Despatyi, sod 61..Mesnager.
a wood merchant, whom revolutionary prix ciplesure
well known: the first two of these men were in piece
under Benap`cluring the 100 days I anitall three
swore fidelity•thi'lhe Usurper in their Electoral Col-
teles and all three went to the famous Champ de

.44 In the Oise only one Deputy is named s the Duke
of Estissac, son of the Dnke of Liancourt, who was
Member of Bonaparte's Chamber. The Royalisti,
seeing that M. Tronchon, a Member of Bonaparte's
Chamber, and another man of the same kidney,
would have the majority, left the assembly, which,
very fortuaately.'was no longer sufficiently numerous
to wake a legal election. In this Department, in
spite 'of influence, a few votes would have changed
every thing, so nicely were the parties balanced.
G! In the Rhone (Lyons) the three Deputies are
Royalists.

u In the Somme the four Deputies are Royalists,
" In the Bas-Rhin. I take it for granted they are
all four Jacobins: M. MAtz and M. Reibell were of
Bonaparte's Chamber; M. Kern and M. Napier, I
newer heard of.

" Loire et Cher.—We only yet know of one of
the nominations, which has much disappointed the
Royalists. M. Jostle Beauvoir, Ministeiialist, is
named; and every body hoped it would be M. Par.
&nue t however,lhere is another to be named Oath
were expected be Royalists.
• " P.is de Calais.—M. Bianquart-Bailletd ia a Roy;
alist t I know nothing of, M. Francisville ; but the
tmootbers, M. d'Herlinc.ourt and M 4 Harle, were
both of Bonaparte's Chamber.
Ilk et Vilaine.—Three if nut buyout of the flee
Deputies are Royalists; M. de Corbieres is one of
these men. to exclude whom Ministry have employed
every means in Weir power : fortunately, in this de-
partment, thee have failed.
46 Aube —One, if not both the Deputies, is ea.
.tatnly Royalist.
Isere.—One Miuisterialist, one Royalist.
14 Eure et Loii.—The two members are Royalists.

66 Orne. —One, if not both, is Ministerialist.
66 Aisne.—l am afraid that both the members will
vote with Ministry; one of them will of course, he
was Minister of Bonaparte during the 100 days.
66 To-give you some little idea of .the horror the
Party have for any thing like religion, in the Elec-
toral College of Paris M. Carnet dela Bonnardiere
was proposed, and every body expected him to be
'elected the sth or Bth upon the poll, when it was
stated, that though in ,other respects he was a very
worthy man, he was asses lets poor alter a fa New :
this, in the eyes of the liberal' part of the assembly,
was considered as a complete disqualification.
Gs Seuse'listerieure. Only one or two at most
Royaost out of the eve ; the sixth is not yet known.
U (I) I mean, of course, during the 100 days."
• .FRENCH MANCE. •
.1; We have been favoured arith a topyof the Plan of
V. Lafitte, a banker at Paris, a Member of the COM.
COlittee on the Budget, and recently returned to the
,new Chamber ot Deputies, for providing. for the
dr ficst in the French Finances which will arise in the
c arse of next lyeer. According-to .the estimate, it
that the receipts of fell will be 700,000,000
*sacs, the ordinary expense, 590,000,000. the extra.
ordinary expenses, including the war contributions,-
She pay ot the Allied troops, Ste. 310,000,000,
leaving .a deficit. of 400,000,000. This M. Lafitte
proposes to supply by resorting to loans, after re-
establishing public credit, by adopting a new mode
of liquidating the arrears due to former creditors,
,ender which they.ehould not be subjected to any loss,
!alseby the annual sale of the forests to the amount
of 30000,000, until the year 1820, and by on megf.l
rneotation of the Sinking Fund. These be proposes
as the principal..bases of his plan, and proceeds to
observe, es The lateral osyment of the arrears due
to former creditors,. is a pledge of the return to prin-
ciples of good faith, which are the foundation of
every system of credit, and the guarantee of a deter-
mination to maintain all the obligations proposed to
be contracted. The annual sale of a portion of the
forests will have a salutary effct on public opinion,
and contribute to re-establish confidence. The pro-
duce of these sales will be applicable to the forming
of a fund capable of meeting the charges arising from
the. loans. Of the 30,000,000 thus received every
year, 20,000,000 will be applicable to the payment
of.interest, and 10,000,000 to the redemption of
capital. Ten millions carried every year to "the
Sinking Fund intli 11120, will then produce the sum
of 60,000,000, without any necessity for augmenting
the taxes. The salt of the forests may then cease, a
,aew resource being then provided by theitxcess of the
recoirs above the expenditure, as, the extraordinary
expenses will then have ceased."
He then observes, that as a good stem of grimier
ought to combine both the power* and the wilt of
paying, the former he considers to be sufficiently' in-
(Mated by the Esau of tilts receipts *bole alitordi-i
NV' espeoditum aid which may be safely.aptici-
pitted, gelciilating uppt thopeklod when the eatrwsr-
, dinary expesidituca willsease, . and the, will, 'be obeeryes,
will be sufficiently guaranteed by transferring, ihe.
management of the leans to theßrusk of Frame, tender
sierhsnfie.gulations, and fully indicated by, thermion,
to tbe.principles of good faith ia securing the full
payment of the Anna creditors. . .
M. Liam, with regard so the Loans. proposes to
borrow, in 1817, 200,900,000 I 1818, ditto! 1519,
150,000,000; 1820, ditto t making a total c seven
huodrodsmillions ; by which, at the estinsateddifferent
prices of the penis,. he cakulates will be created a no-
minal capital ot-957 millions Lille interest at 5 per
cent. will be 47,560,000, and a sort of bonus in
reserve of one per cent. will be 9,570.000, making
together 57,420,000.
The prrient debt, 800,000.000, gives 18170,000
interest, making .a total of 75,050,000 francs interest,
oe perpetual raster. Thief, it is, prop*, gradually
to liquidate by slaps of t,begembasa ns*is with the
BPlOu.ssofths...enking knVL ies,howevec, pro.
wis,.
"PO to the. ihiO/PO Abe lent 1817,
81f,:1f16,,w1.182Q, to. born*, in the fitst,iaskantws
Upon proviaionaErsaks. Ueda, this aystests *c fatal
of interest would be, the same.. the 'diligence vemild-
be that .with rasped, to theamount until camerae;
into petpeutsi,re sot. ,Vhp srankini. fend would
.be applicable. to its migettuticniemoss4 it is is=
"that the first =torsion into perpetual ankh

take its' anj 41141.311-. .1°414.1
,1824; 11345, and 1826, Viso the whOli'weaUlbt
%cloverted in that' y. •
Mo. La fists concludes his,plaer by observing* that it,
vrouli prove to Europe that France was in a state to
satisfy the.treades concluded, and to Maintain
nor amongst nations which belongs to her.'

GBAMAN

';-+

. _ ...:~

VIENNA,,SETIVIABER fa.
The following letter from' Algiers, dated August
91, which we have just received by way of France,
from an eye-witness of the transactions there, enables
us to give our readers a connected account of..thoso
important events : .
“ Manses, ittroeir 31.
On the 27th, in the morningearly. we hid Wei
the first news of the approach of the English fleet,
which was seen ftorn the towers of the city, to Abe '
west, in the distance. The Dey immediately issued
orders for every one to repair to his post. The Turks
and Moors hastened, in.gseat numbers, on board the
ships and into the batteries on the shore. Towards
one o'clock the squadron came into the road with a
slight wind. It consisted of 9 sail. - t •
" A frigate with a fiagof truce was detached from.'
the squadron, which sent ashore one of itsboats with:
the same flag. This boat was stopped before the.
harbour, and the officer was not permitted to. go on'
shore; he was the bearer of a letter in the English`
and Turkish languages, which he delivered to the.
Captain of the Port. This dispatch stated that the
Court of London. had indeed, on the 15th of. May.
consented, through the medium of Lord Entomb,
to wait for six months for the resolutidn iehich the
Government of Algiers should take respecting the
abolition of slavery ; that the Dey bad, however, at
the very time of this negotiation, given the English
Admiral the assurance that during the above men•
tioned period all Englishmen and all English pro-
perty in the whole Algerine territory should be re-
spected, and that all English property already se-
questrated should be conscientiously restored. Not-
withstanding this, the Court of London had learnt
that the English, and individuals under English pro-
iection, had been massacred at Bona, and their pro-
perty plundered ; that two English vessels had been
detained, and also plundered, for which not the
smallest satisfaction had hitherto been given.
" For these reasons the Court Of London had re-
solved not to wait for the expiradon of .the term of
six months for the abolition of the slavers of Euro-
peans at Algiers, but, on the contrary, to insist that
this abolition should be immediately consented to and
ratified by the Government' of Algiers; and.that as
a proof of the recogniticia of this principle, 41 the
European slaves in their power should be immediately
delivered on board of the English ships, and. as' a
reparation for the injury done to English subjects at
Bona and Oran, the sum'of 570,000 piastres, which
had been paid by the Court of Naples as ransom,
should be restored.

4 The Dey sent back Lord Exmouth's letter with.
contempt, and gave the Officer to understand that he
would no. give any answer to such proposals.
Se The English Admiral now gave the squadron
die signal for battle. The gun boati first cast anchor
pretty near the batteries. 'The Aigerines might easily
have made them keep off (derentftarti). All the oth•
cers of the .Algerine fleet advised this, and loudly
demanded that .tlie batteries should fire i but the
Minister of the Marine would not, withont having
the order of the Dry, who sent ward that hb woitid
immediately come in person to the shore.- Wan
time the two three-deckers, two 74's, and one of 60,
got time to take up their positions, about half past
two o'clock, at 60 fathoms from the shore, or about
half cannon shot. Now the forts began to fire, but
too late.

oc The ships, which were now firmly anchored,
made such a brisk firing that all the upper batteries
of he forts on the coast were •immediitely dis-
mounted—the lower ones held out six hours, am
did the English much injury. A Captain of Artil-
lery and a Lieutenant of the Navy now asked the
Admiral permission to get into a boat and set fire
the first Algerine frigate, which lay at the entrance
of the harbour, by means of * bri ms tone shirt.
" This attempt, which fully succeeded, made the
Algeriaes quite beside themselves • they knew not
whether they should save their llaet or keep op the
lire of the batteries.

" A pretty brisk west wind soon set the whole
fleet in flames a five frigates, four corvettes, and SO
gun boats were destroyed by the fire, which afforded
for Mit hours a most awful and magnificent specta-
cle. Towards midnight two frigates, elfin flames,
were driven by the wind out of the harbour, towlids
a part of the English squadron, which was bilged to,
cut its cables in. order to save itself.

44 The tremendous fire of the:.English fleet, which
continued without intermission foe above eight hours,
the bombs which (ell' into the city,' the Cupgrete
rocket's, and a fire ship tent against the Mole, at
length tamed the courage of the Algeristei. ' They.
*threw themselves back,the :batteries sAbe lyly was,
every where at the most dangerous place:ecpursged
his people, and distributed money Very lletally. Tbt
Marine Minister was severely wounded.
46. The Algetine Admiral, six Caiiiains, andS or.
900 men were killed in the batteries.on the ;licire, 300
more. And the same fate in the city and the other forts.
• " On the 28th the English squadion cast anchor
in the great road, and without cannon shut. Algier
was in .comternation, and. the Swedish Consul w;
requested to some to the Dey..
,4 When he arrived at the hotel of the Minister
the Marine,.he found the Dry and all the Members
the Government assembled there, who informed him
of their resolution to submit to all the demands

the English. Mean time a boat with &flag A trui
came from the English Admital, bringing a lent.
to the Dey, in which Lord Etmouth said, that A.
though the fortune of war and the advani4gei of his
position enabled him to prescribe to the Coyernmen,
of Algiers very hard conditions, he Would, however
,gram the Derthe sasap terms as ;asteidaT; on%
with the addition, 4 ItilltjAi LlutCh who. liattrthased
in the battle ehonlcienjnktlks4me rights and pri.
leges at Algiervas the A:VW ana the presents, si
the .areivul.ni the English end Dutch Consuls,:
'aboliznctf.' •
~. • . '' ' -. ,
, •. , .. , . ~,
watztitio " The Dey and the,Gh moot., comMisuoned
,tho Swedish Consul and Ili .4 Ati.kort;
-My Riis, io Wing to 'the lasi Admiral, *IR'
of peaces, and.= tiatt 29th in Aisiitite era/I.6MM
