THr. SLAVE SHIP.

No serge was on the sea,
No cloud was on the day,
When the ship spread her white wings,
Like a sparbird en tier way !
•
Ocean lay bright before,
The shore lay green behind,
And a breath of spice and balm
Came en the landward wind !
There rose a curse and wan.
As that vessel left the shore ;
And last looks sought their native land,
Which'shoold dwoUtike ne mote!
Who, ening the felt ship
That swept through the bright waves,
Would dream that tyrants trod her deck,
And that her freight was slaves ?
131 Jay was heard the lash.
Up night the heavy groan;
1. or 'the dave's blood was on the chain

That ['steed to the boas
Was one in that dark ship..

. -
Prince fu bis own land ;
Ile scorned the chin be scorned tic tl.reat—

He scorned his fettered hand
1k called upon kis tribe.
And said they might be free !
And his brow was cold and .tern,
As he pointed to the sus !
Nest night a sullen sound
Was heard atuid the wave !
The tyrants son6bt their captivcs,—
Thty only found their grave!

TOLL.

Ii3CoRDER'S COURT, DUBLIN.

•
Bryan Carrot was indicted for stealing a brechis,
(raft of a harness belonging to a dray).
Robett Tomkins, the prosecutor, was sworn, and,
stated his case in a tone of voice which certainly did
not c 11l upon the Court to compel him to 'spealc•up,
that the Jury might hear him. He deposed that he
was in the habit of going to breakfast every morning.
and leaving a dray, of which he was the owner, and
the prisoner, tie driver, in cam of the latter ; that on
the morning of the alleged felony, he found, on his re•
turn to the stand, the brechin and the driver absent;
off he went to a public-house, where he found the pri-
soner very composedly smoking a dhudieis (Artgliee—a
short pipe), and he staggering blind drunk ; on his in-
quiring what had become of the price of the har-
ness ? Carroll hiccuped out, to make the best he could
of it, that he'd pay him for it. The prosecutor instantly
set off to Kevin-street, and bowled into one Casey's, where
he seised on the first article of the kind that came in
his way, and which be alleged was the identical article
of which his quadruped had been despoiled.
Gsaymos,was it s horses brechin
Prosecutur.—Why, won't what will St a horse & a mare?...
(Laughter).
Itsamosa.—Attend tome, Sir.
Prosecutor.—How the 1)-1 can I attend to the whole of ye ?
Pramusaa.—Are you certain that this is the article that was
stolen from you?
Prosecutor.—To be sure I am ; I had only four, all of the same
kin:l, and this is broader than any of them !—(Koars of laughter).
Raeozbaz..—That is rather an odd mode of identiScation.
Proaecutor.--Oh, you may talk as long as you like; but this is
my hovels's. and I'll swear to it all the world over.
Juror.--Where did you get information as to where the pH-
saaer was?
Prosecutor—(Turning to Sind, Lamprey)—What does that
ould man mean by information?
The meaning of the word being explained, be stated that he
mine plump upon him, and made him apresenelan the King's name.
Recorder—. Ant nut men of his class apt to drink pretty freely?
Prosecutor—Ob. by dad they are, through one anodic ; and I
Wt. a little myself of an odd time ; but if they get drunk ten times
a day, I don't care a tammien if they bring me home the money.
Court—How long has the man done business for you?
Prosecutor—Five years, my Lord; and he's as honest a man as
any ono I see I--(Laughter).
. Sit 'Norco Wrixt.Ax—.l.l he were acquitted now, would you
take him back again ?
Prosecutor.—Troth I would, and will this very day, whether
he's acquitted or no !
Joror...Then you shall have him.
The issue was banded up. and the Jury immediately returned a
verdict of Acquittal.
On the vet cbct being pronounced, the prosecutor
leaped off the table with the_g~►reatest apparent delight,
sweating be would not fur 201. have brought him there,
only he was in a passion, and roaring out—" Come
along, Carrell, arid carry borne the brichen." The
accu er and accused departed in high glee, amidst shouts
of laughter.

• Lette.s, dated the 15th of June, have been received
from Cape Coast. The soldiers were beginning to feel
the effects of the climate. Lieutenant-Colonel PURDON,
of the !loyal Mikan Colonial Corps, had experienced
2r attack of fever, but was recovering ; we are sorry
However in add, that Captain Di BARALLIER died, after
a few days' illness. No mention is made of the Achantees.
A Gentleman in Virginia recently liberated 88 slaves,
any' paid their passage to Liberia. This munificent ex-
ample of benevolence, has been followed by a Reverend
Gentleman in North Carolina, who has lately liberated
11 of his slaves for the same purpose. This voluntary
mode of putting an end to slavery, will, we hope, find
increasing proselytes.
CANDMATILS FOR MATRIMONIAL HoNoutt —The
increase in the matrimonial advertisements puts us in
Elia?. of a hoax of this sort which was successfully
payed off a short time since. It was agreed, in a gay
pity of Ladies and Gentlemen, that an advertisement
should be inserted in a London Morning Paper, as from
a Lady who felt inclined to taste the joys of matrimony,
more speedily than to all appearance the ordinary way
would enable her to do, giving the I.,nging maiden
a fair portion of beauty aad riches. Letters were re-
ceived in reply from between fifty and sixty swains of
all descriptions, to each of whom an answer was ad-
dressed, statiug that so far the writer was not objected
to, but that the Lady would like, previously to his
being introduced to her, " un sun to see him ;"
—at the
same time requesting each to be in the pit of Drury-
Lane Theatre, on a certain evening, dressed in a par-
Center way, and immediately on the conclusion of the
first piece, to stand upon the benches, and apply a
quizzing-glass to the right eye. All succeeded so well,''
that as soon as the curtain fell, above fifty of all ages,
mounted the benches—from the smooth-chi. ned Adonis
uF fifteee, to the sleek, portly, self-confident idower
01 fifty, and the shrivelled, worn-out, and emaciated
bachelor of silty, all adorned according to order in
the gayest style, and with the utmost nicety, to make
the deeper Impression on the heart of the tar
prizey
High swelled their bosoms with hope, as with studied
action the sparkling glass was raised to the eye; but
who shall paint the astonishment, dismay, and rage,
alternately depicted on their countenances, on discover-
ing the sudden failure of all their hopes" With such
velocity did they all descend from their unenviable
attitudes, to 1, hide their dimi&thed heads" among the
crowd, that the decrepit lover of sixty might have
fancied his kw!, Meet some possessed of the pliancy
of urenr
