•DEATH OF COLONEL PERRIAR, OF THE,
COLOMBIAN ARMY: AND MEMOIR.

We have a melancholy task to perform, in announcing
the death of this accomplished Officer, which took place at Paste,
near Cardigan, on the 18th of March, after a months suffering,
by dysentery.
Lieutenant-Colonel Joon Fiestas was, we believe, the youngest
son of the late Dr. Feamaa, of Manchester, a name equally
honoured in medicine and in letters ; the friend and associate of
Roscoe, and those intellectual spbits, whose taste and elegant
minds contributed to shed over Liverpool, and the surrounding
society—at least during their own timee--en almost Athenian lustre.
Mr. Fasstua, at an early age, obtained his first military appoint-
ment In the Commissariet of the British Army, during the
Peninsular campaign of 1815 ; and he was prevent...in that
capacity—at the battles of Vittoria and Toulouse. He sailed
afterwards, with the expedition of Sir Joint ILLS', to New
Orleans ; and on his return was sent to Flanders, where he arrived
two days after Waterloo. Included in the reductions eonseqsent
upon the peace, he made various attempts to get out to India—
Sierra Leone—and other Colonies.

Early in 1817, his elder brother, Mr. Tames Fess:as—a that
time on half-pay of the illid Light Infantry, and living in the
Netherlands—joined a small number of °Seen going out to
Colombia, who expected that the well known Captain Suraowrrs
would follow, and take the command of their corps. Mr. Joirnl
Feassaa, on hearing of these arrangements, wrote to Flushing, to
be allowed to be included : but before the letter arrived, the little,
band bad sailed. He followed it, however, in a few moods ;
though not without experiencing some dilliculty, resulting from
the Bill just then passed prohibiting foreign enlistment. When
the two brothers met in the country, beyond Aogostura, the int
salutation of the elder war" Jacx, I am heartily sorry to see
you /sere!"

Both were for some years with General Paw, and on his getting
two or three pieces of artillery, the Fsaataas were selected to fosso
a company, and to drill the men. The numerous English carps
that had gone out under different leaders being all dispersed,
the men were now collected, and formed into an English legiso,
the command of which—in process of time—devolved oo Wood
Thomas Proems, who led it at the battle of Carabobo, where
he fell. He had a public funeral, &taros attending it as chief
mourner ; and the name of the Legion was altered to " Battalion
of Carabobo," on account of the signal share which it bad in ob-
taining that day's victory. He was succeeded in the commiod
by Colonel YOUNG, who shortly afterwards resigned, and that regi-
ment then devolved to Colossi Joint Fatima*, the subject of this
memoir.

For a considerable period he had little else than garrison duty to
perform : until about three years ago—during the absence of Bo-
urea in Peru—his old commander and personal friend Pam raised
the standard of revolt. On that occasion, Colonel Faustus assem-
bled his officers, reminded them of their oaths to the Republic, and
persuaded them to sign a declaration of t►eir attachment to the
Liberator. Colonel Fsaau,a, with his Regiment, then left
alaracaybo, where he had been long stationed, and was much
beloved : at this juncture, be was made Military Governor of the
Province of Coro. On Bouvaa's return, be was honoured with
an embrace a gold medal was conferred upon him—ia addidas
to that of the Order of Liberators, which be received on its tint
institution—and distinguished mention was made of his name in
General Orders.

After the settlement of those disturbances, Colonel Exams
went into garrison at Carthagena, where a pestilential climate
achieved what steel and fatigue bad failed to do.
The death of such an Officer is a great loss to the Colombian
service : his public merits were so high, that it seems almost
derogatory to speak of his personal and private qualities...-.
Yet we have seen and felt--and cannot but vividly remember
—hi scenes of social and festive intercourse, the fascination of
these ! He bad the rare art, alone of all Englishmen in Colom-
bia, to conciliate the attachment, and win the confidence et
the jealous Creoles, as weU by his happy temper, as his perfect
acquaintance with their language. Nose adhered to the cause In
which he was embarked, with Armee constancy :—None, we know.
were more sincerely attached to the Liberator; and In his letters
home, we can testify of our own knowledge, with what indignation
he spurned the reports concerning Boum is aspiration to a crown.

Letters from the Mauritius, to the 27th of April in-
clusive, inform us that an English vessel had arrived
there from Madagascar, with intelligence of the loss of
the French schooner of war, La Turquoise, commanded
by M. Marion. The officers, crew, and materiel were saved.
Accounts from Bucharest state that Baron STEFFAN°
DE MEITANI, banker at the above city, who had pre-
viously furnished the Russian army with fifty thousand
cattle, has recently contracted with the Russian Govern-
ment to furnish them with fifteen thousand covered carts,',
with two horses each, for the conveyance of baggage and
ammunition for the Russian army.

Accounts from New York of the same date as last
received, Bth July, state that new measures have been
adopted at the Custom House there. They thought pro-.
per to cause the woollen goods imported by the Silus
Richards to be examined, and actually measured the
square yard ; inspected the quality, and decided upon the
valuation, in order to test the integrity of the invoice.
The practice had previously been only to examine a cer-
tain portion of the packages, while the cargo goes to the
wareroom. This measure was owing to complaints being
made to the Treasury department that woollens were en-
tered below their actual value. The publication of this
in our Journal will tend to caution other merchants in
London and in the different ports of the kingdom, who
may ship in future to the United States, to be on their
guard.

St. George's Hospital is to be immediately razed to the
ground. with a view to replace it by a building infinitely larger,
and much more commodious for the claritable purposes of this
noble institutioo.

Four sailors appeared a few days ago before a naval
tribunal at Toulon, on the charge of being ringleaders in the recent
'mutiny of the crew Of Le Conquerant. Three of thembeing de-
clared guilty, one was sentenced to imprisonment for two years
and the two others for a year and five days. The fourth prisoner
was acquitted.
Anisvirrus, the Greek philosopher, when at the
point. of death, directed his friends to carry him to the city gates,
and to place his coach in such a situation as to the last of life he
might enjoy the verdure of the fields, and the splendour of the
'heavenly luminaries.
The manly game of Cricket is making rapid progress
In the north, particularly in Cumberland. Two or three years
ago the game was scarcely known in that county—now there are
about eight strong clubs, and during the present season several
spirited snatches have been played. The cricketers of Cumberland
are fortunate in their patrons : amongst the most conspicuous of
whom may be placed Wilfred Lawson, Esq. of Brayton Hall. a
magistrate of the county, a gentleman of large fortune, of the
most affable manners, and possessing a warm love for the old.
faakioned character and manly sports of Englishmen.
Young men sometimes destroy females, in fits of
thwarted love. A remarkable instance of this kind occurred not
many years since, in an adjoining county.—Sir re-
fused his assent to a union between his daughter, and a young
gentleman who had won her affections, and felt all own resting
In return es the lady: 'The lovers finding their expectations dia.
appointed, and their wishes blasted, gave way to melandtoly mend-
ing*, and mallated *pirate resolves. The parent of the lady,
per advlnir din. to prevent mischief, confining her usher
room. But Is net so eadly subdued. The lovers found
means to exchange their bentiag thoughts, and ere the opening of
the next mesh 's light, Teens 3-- @Mama a ladder, mid as
(ended to ble ninress's town window, three& whkh she pseud,
descended, and nesempeded him tea eimmeer-horse. There they
were found, dewed lei skeh when' delis arms, a brace of pistols
lying on the ground, the silent evidences of the manbeile Which
maddened line had ellaseed the fatal catastrophe...4l6o4 Mir.

REVIEW OF PRESENT POLICY.

The relative situation of Europe, and indeed of the
wink world, at the present juncture, appears to the attentwe
observer so extraordinary—eo replete with inconsisteenks_44t

N ao moot mute and experienced Statesman were to guide his
judgment of the future by the rule of precedents, he would be it
a loss to find any thing bordering on analogy.

On whichever side we turn our view, we find, with very
exceptions, a strange vacillation of principles.—declaratloas au
actions at perfect variance with each other—an absence of awe,*
and cordiality among the Cabinets. Every thing forebodes a crial,,
and a speedy solution of the problem. The least -

judged pretension advanced by either party—a
bring on a general conflagration.
Hostile intentions and views of aggrandisement,

by every Cabinet, wbibt principles of peace and
kindly proclaimed. Under the delusion of the
vertkeless, one power overrun the territory

'orighbour—nay, even threaten his total extinction,
One be manfully asserts his rights, and refuses
principle by which be is dispossessed, by dhree

of s larg,e portion of his dominions. upoa the mere

“ Expediency.”
At this crying act of injustice, the same Powers
destined the partition of Poland, remain passive spectators-4N
to say acceuaries.
If we reverse the picture, we see tyranny and usurpation perste
unmolested its sanguinary sway, without even the shadow et in-
terference on the part of civilized neighbours and ancient allies
whilst a country, proverbial for the exhaustion of its finances, on.
espectedly, and to the no small surprise of the world, by a puny
effort, attempts to re-conquer colonies for ever alienated and re.
cognised as independent States, as if the days of a Coatis were
still to be revived.

In another hemisphere we have the melancholy spectacle of
infant Republics—hardly emancipated from thraldom—torn to

pieces by intestine convulsions her sons, instead of consolidating
that poUdcal edifice which their valour and constancy have erected,
trample the emblems of liberty under foot, and struggle for a
phantom—power.
How much more might not be said on this interesting subject!
What acts of oppression—what imbecility—what incapacity might
not be enumerated! But we take leave of it for the present, and
only hope that Statesmen may at length awaken from their lethargy,
display a small portion of wisdom, and thus prevent the awful
crisis there is too much reason to fear. EUROPBUS.

There is no true Englisbman who Peruses some of the daily
papers, but must feel his blood boil with indignation in his velar,
—to beholdthe good sense and character of the country insulted
by insidious arguments to support measures revolting to all who
possess any real attachment to the free Constitution of, these
realms. Glorying in the advantages we possess under a represen•
tative government, you must judge from self-experience that the
rest of mankind would be equally blest under similar institutions ;
and therefore seek to see them established, for the promotion of
human happiness, throughout the whole face of the habitable
earth. You would blush at a sentiment that would subject us to a
suspicion of being selfishly desirous to confine the enjoyment o
wise liberty to this spot of earth alone. This ought to be your
language—and the language of the British press :—fondly attached
to our British constitution, from a recollection of all the
misery from which it has saved us—from a conviction that its
construction is the very perfection of legislative wisdom, and
the best calculated—if preserved in its true spirit—to secure
the rights of the subject, we consider it consistent with this
opinion to commiserate the people of other nations, who are
condemned still to drag the chain of barbarous systems—debarred
from that blessed light which we have held out to them as a beacon
to lead them on. Can the friends of a free Government at home
be sincere when they advocate despotism abroad 7—there can be
but one answer—Nu. What man can be true to himself, and de-
fend perjury in his neighbour?—honest, and uphold spoliation
Who can love freedom, and take cause with oppression ?...etrid
who can maintain that any may be faithful to the principles
of oar sacred Constitution, and at the same time aim at the de-
struction of those very principles when maintained beyond the
precinct■ of this island? Let the public rouse their attendee
and carefully examine the character and tendency of the writings
thrown daily among them. A traitor at war with the spirit
of his country, only shows, by insiduous argument that be
would do for us what he would do for others,—over.
throw the glorious work of freedom cemented with the blood
of our fathers; and, to serve power or pocket the secret bribe,
burl us back to the same state of political degradation from which
it is our glory to have been the first to emerge. There is net
a true man iu this kingdom, whose heart does not rejoice to
know that surrounding nations are awakening from their le-
thargy and struggling to be free. From the mansion to the cot.
tage, warm prayers are sent up for all who vindicate the cause
of constitutional liberty ; and those who, leaguing with the
tyrants of mankind, wield an English pen in hostility to their ge.
serous efforts, outrage British feelings, and commit our national
character with the rest of Europe. Despotism sneering at the de-
fence of oppression—freedom, spurned and unaided, execrating as
for selfishness and treachery—What Englishman reflects on Spain
and dues not mourn over the miseries of its people—groaning
under the atrocious Government of knaves and tyrantst—
Who dues not sympathize with every native of that country
who, burning for its welfare, seek to emulate our Hampden and
our Sydney.? When the Spanish Colonies burst from the slavery
of centuries to assert the rights of liberty, who amongst us felt
cold to their cause T.—Who thinks of Greece and does not
pray for its success ?—and what British heart, interested in the
welfare of an old ally. does not deplore the present fate of Pot-
Sugal—crusbed in her fond attempt to model her institutions after
the example of Great Britain, now wallowing in the slough of igno-
rance,—and weeping tears of blood under the merciless scourge of
a miscreant usurper, stained with perjury, and immortal as a
wretched creature of vice and violence?—Alas ! that we must
say yes f —there are same born on British land, who lure been
cradled in the very lap of constitutional freedom, yet still ad..
vocals slavery and blood, and daily disgust us with praises of
tyranny and defence of crime ! These rejoice—seye, and dare to
givetbeir joy utterance—that Greece, after all, Is about to fall once
more tributary to Turkey : they have just risen to champion
Feantemm—the Spanish Nero. His afflicting reign is described as
a milleuiem upon earth—they would propitiate, with their prayers,
the sweep of his invading fleets laden with chains for Mexico
—the constant struggle of patriotism in these regions, against
successive conspiracies of the tyrant's emissaries, is called love di
turbulence and blood ; and the oppressor is feelingly invoked to
quell their pretended cruelty, as if liberty was ever wrested from
the hands of despotism without a flow of blood from victims
and oppressors. But their daily efforts to defend the atrocious
hlsaum.are mere abominable still, u they are made with barefaced
effrontery, as if we were a race of buccaneers to be reconciled,
by a little sophistry, to perfidy and murder. The Royal child coo-
'tidied to our care, and interesting to all manly bosoms from ►be
extraordinary circumstances under which she is placed, has bees, to
our eternal disgrace, the object of their cowardly attacks; and the
victims of constitodosal principle* who surround her, are daily
made the subject of infamous calumny or low ribaldry. Their
eudeavours to erect a Constitution have subjected them to
as much persecution as if they bad been guilty of pulling ow
down :—faithful to their legitimate Sovereign, they are treated
as traitors, and their' adversity in exile made cause of inhos-
pitable brutality and mirth. Every success of their enemies
is cheered as a blessing. Munn, with his plotting monks and
bloody executioners, is supported with ardour ; his insults on oar
Maser complacently slurred over, or borne out as sets of whole-
some justice. Now, whence proceeds these monstrous sentiments,
so sew to the writers of this country,--aad whoa= the public
apathy with which they are read ? You kainr—sad Q sot, I tel

you—that Jesuitism
auspices, stretches it
his partisans even an
and that Moues., 1
@Stacy of money s
wretch are aumerot
you by manse—and I
offered to the Journ
making to mystify a
and although you di
received the guilt
modem:led look

Fortiori of the Pen
on the subject, whi
any avail. In the
mercenary slaves
the junice, and the
of usurpation, pet
for public reprobat
British character of

Mr. MILn.4NK
to the Germanic C
Downing-street, abo
patches for the Earl i
ulster at Frankfort.

Dispatches wer
terday morning from
the Earl of Ammon
Mediterranean, for
Lord High Commie
(lam 0. 4

The Spanish M
storming with the I
Earl of Amapa= al
with his Grace less

The Austrian
d'Affaires transacted
Once, with the Ear

FASHI(

Lord Rintore, at
streets, from Wadis
ditto, from ditto; 8
Colonel De &MVO!!
Lady Georgians 1311
Wm. Campion and 1
Jaaaa's•street, from,
not, Req. at Fenton's
Darby, Req. and ►roi
beta and famity,at Kit
Capt. Wilson, at ditto
ley, at ditto, from C
Hotel. Jertnyn-stree
and Miss Britten, at
bridge; Miss Wilda
Banbury, at ditto, I
from the Continent.

Th• Earl and C.
Scotland; Lord and
Jantes'irsquare, for
for Warwickshire;
tour ; the Dowaser
Tvrickenhain Park,

illel; ;eat, Fern-bill,
banis Hotel, Lower
frost dins, for Scotia
Lord Charles Marini
Palmer, and family,
Lekaterskire ; J.
Dowager Lady Ban
and Mrs. Habert

and
ditto, for Pari Pavies-etreet Bes,
s;
the Bernet, Heed,

Lady FARQUI
Greenwood Lodge,
plaid habiambis
UsUs Gomm
dhow anaemia". a
G&W Geodesist.

The Duchess'
=, at Help
ly attend,
BRIGHTON,
day after the annua
parry took place :
left for Goodwood,
cester, for town, to
for ditto, to return
Scott &oaebewer, I
for town, who retu
logs ; Mr. and His
for Winchester ; L
Payne, who rennin
town ; Gen. Blued
Fitzroy, Lord A. L
rester, and the Duk
turday—the former
an elegant suite of
Lord HAWARI
forDieppe and Paris
Or Aaorez, the Dui
and Lord G. Burn
Saturday.—The Di
Arundel Curie ye
sojourn at the Albk
left Brunswick-sqw
Bast Stoke. nest Ci
CH ELTEN HAI
TIM attended Diehl
the Reverend Mr.
visitors, upwards o
afterwards.
EDINBURGH,
eels Prince's Sire
, Esq.— —.— Wilms
•Set st from the s
Whittaker—Willis
Whittaker,
Park, Gloucestersl
India Company's 8
Arrived at Gbh
and Lady Mimi,
de Ereby, the Ha
,Miss Augusta Wit
Hon. Edward &ev
den ; Major Pew ;
Fltzberbert, Esq.;
of Canada; Mr. au
Alexander Crombio
William Fraier, Bs

Sir HENRY C
bum announced,
Pate be would bay
Ilse immediate cal
arising however, it
which bad been Cu
The epoch of
higher than eighty
i■ Europe, that on
that one mast be
Chinese borrowed
that can be said I
of high antiquity.
tbis better than any

least spark—an oi: i condemned took
trifle indeed—ntsy that speak the crit
of * malefactor in t
ent, are dinvowed silence of those hones
nd
moderation are :o represu injustic
latter, we see, ne„ Odifference of the
of an onogfengias dons' honour is so
talon, merely be. 'saltation of sentime
es
to sanction t►e interest as to boob
pretended hems '.o our interests, u tl
nere assumption eg .nd Alcntrouge to 1
tar influence? Wo
Dwers which esc, end connect that <
re spectators—a.. ;Jarrier to the fun
