SECOND DAY-THURSDAY.

The performances of the second morming com-
menced with th:i recitatives, airs, and chorusses, in
the first part of the celebrated Oratorio,"The Creation."
Those who have only heard this most exquisite produc-
tion of Haydn, within the limits of a Theatre, will
hardly be able to form an idea of its effect beneath the
lofty roofs of a spacious cathedral. The trio and cho-
rus "The Heavens declare," with which the act is con-
cluded, had in it, even from the very place in which
it was performed, something so grand and sublime,
that the imagination might easily have conceived it
to be such music as will be heard in a higher state of
felicity. Of the airs an..l recitatives, so of ten listened to
with pleasurcin the metropolis, it is not necessary to
snake particular mention. Every one, referring to the
names of the principal singers who have lent their aid to
this Charity, will knew they must have been sung in a
way which would have gratified their author, it, hap-
pily, he could have been present. The Overture to
IS.,vnii.Nniii•soductLi a selection from the works of Han-
del ; in which "Deeper and deeper still," and " Waft
her Ang.ls," by Mr. BunnAm, and " Farewell ye limpid
Streams," by Mrs BILLINtrox, were the most conspi-
cuous. With regard to the latter, it seemed as if the
hearers could have listened to the delightful strains

" From morn to noon, from ?won to dewy eve."

The Concert, in the evening, at the College-
hall, opened with MozArcr's grand overture to the
Opr_ra cf " Zauherflott." It is the finest
overture that ever came from that eminent cam-
pr,wr. There is not a symphony of Haydn's that
excels it. It was executed in a very spirited style.—
The glee, In the merry month cf May, by Mrs. Ble-
etycioN, Mr. Goss, Mr. VAeonax, and Mr. BARTLE-
/4 AN, was much applauded ; it was a most enlivening
subject, and was charmingly sung. The recitative
And air, GreiZia ri virdo, by Mrs. BILLINGTON, was
her principal of ert this evening : this is the air in the
serious opera of Semirw,ra-, in which CATALANI was
wont to be so much admired. It lost nothing of its
effect by the execution of Mt s. Mt.:AY:G*I'ON ; and, cer-
tainly, if there was a contention between these two
ladies, wit:eh was entitled to the preference, and this
was to be the s,:ne; trying their respective merits,
the jii,.?es would' be divided, and the victory would
remain in s-,spense. A very beautiful quartet, lad
se di.”, by Mrs. DI 1. iTN;;TON, Mrs. VA t:GIFAN, Mr.
1, Rau and Mr. 1:.•.:(11.1.301.1N, was : it
‘I%IS iu manuscript ; ani, it scents, was compto,:d for
Mrs. BiLLINo-ros, by Signior NicouNt, at Milan. It
was a first rate comvisition of the kind, and wits
beard with rapture Ti,ere wcre many other delight-
ful airs and !lces. It would be tedious to advert to
th2m all ; but the last was /lad Best, by Mrs. I.3lf-
tiNcirox. It was wonderfully well sung, and was,
like the f amer air, received with plaudits of long con-
tinuance. We had nearly omitted to mention the
Peath of Alercrom!:ie, by Mr. Baminm ; every note
went to the heart ; it was unanimously encored. In
the course of the evening there was a concerto on the
clavionet, by Mr. MA 1 iON—and another on the has-
'non, by Mr. Hoi.!.iss ; they were both played in a
very masterly manner.

'file Concert Room was this evenin-, filled to its
utmost capacity.

A cartel sailed on Thursday from Plymouth, with
several Ercnch Ladies, and their children, for Mor-

Saturday the Lon n MAYOR, Aldermen, and Sheriffs,
with the B nuournat, and other City Officers, assem-
Ved at Guildhall, and from thence proceeded in their
state coaches to Blackfriars Bridge, where they em-
barked in the City barges, for Palace-yard-stairs,
Westminster. On their arrival, the procession went
on to the Cturt of Exchequer, where the new Sheriffs
went through the usual form of counting the hob-
nails, &c and tnok the accustomed oaths before one
of the Cursitor Barons.

The Duke of I lAmit..rox has won a large sum at
Doncaster, by backing his two favourite colts, Ashton
and Middlethorpe, for the St. Leger Stakes. He not
only took odds to a great amount, that each horse
won, hut he took thousands to twenties that they
were first and second, which proved to be the case.
Thursdny, a person V: as taken into custody at
Arundel, for circulating notes of the Fordingbridge
Bank, which prove to be a part of £3OO that was lost
some months since. There was also found in his
possession a•nutvber of notes, of the Isle of Mallet
Bank, in all nearly £3OO, besides about 40 counter_
foil ings. He was committed to prison.

'C T ' ~

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STY R. •

THE. LATE DVEL BETWEEN 11E. CANNING AND LORD

CATSLEREAGH.

Slit—lt is undoubtedly true, as stated in the STAR
of Saturday, that Mr. CANNING, during the Easter
Recess, did make a representation in a letter to the
Duke of PORTLAND, with respect to the War Depayt-
meat, founded upon differences which had prevailed
between him and Lord CASTLEREAGH ; but it is not
true, that this letter was shewn to the Cabinet, or that
the subject was even stated to the Cabinet, however it
might have been Secretly communicated to some of
the Members. It is also true, that a suggestion was
made for appointing the Marois WELLESLEY to suc-
ceed Lord CASTLEREAGH. It is likewise undeniable,',
that a decision upon this point was postponed till near
the close of the Session. It is further ascertained,
that towards-the close of the Session, when Lord
GRENVILLE LEVESON GOWER'S writ was to be moved
for, on account of his coming into office and the Ca-
binet, that Mr. CANNING called upon the Duke of
PORTLAND, not upon the Cabinet, as a condition of
his remaining in the Government, to give him a de-
cision upon the proposition for removing Lord CAS-
TLEREAGH, and appointing the Marquis WELLESLEY
his successor ; and the Duke of PORTLAND having
given MY. CANNING a specific and positive promise to
this effect, Mr. CANNING presced that it should be im-
mediately acted upon, and Lord CASTLEREAGH ac-
quainted with it. Lord CASTLEREAGH, however, was
not acquainted with it, and Mr. CANNING acquiesced
in its being concealed from him.
Undoubtedly, Lord CAMDEN was acquainted with
the transaction ; but it is not true that his Lordship
ever undertook to make the disclosures to Lord CAS-
TLEREAGH, nor did he ever make it. It is also true, that
Mr. CANNING was thoroughly apprized, that it was
not made known to Lord CASTLEREAGH. And it is
further true, that Lolxi CASTLEREAGH, being kept in
profound ignorance of the decision for his removal
from office, was permitted, though, in fact, vir-
tually no longer a Minister, and in this state of
delusion, to conduct the entire arrangement of the
campaign, and to engage in a new expedition of the
most extensive, complicated, and important nature,
under the full persuasion, not that Mr. CANNING had
supplanted him in office, and possessed in his pocket
a promise for his dismissal, but that he really enjoyed
(as during the period he in outward shew, and daily
concurrence, experienced) Mr. CANNING'S sincere,
liberal, and bona
_fide support, as a co-operating and
approving colleague. It is further known, that Mr.
CANNING, 117,,ving thus in his pocket Lord CASTLE-
REAGH'S dismissal, and having arranged with the
Duke of PORTLAND that it should be carried into exe-
cution
at the termination of the expedition, he did,
on the 3d of September, the day that the account
arrived from Lord CHATHAM that he could not pro-
ceed to Antwerp, write to the Duke of PORTLAND,
demanding the execution of the promise made to
him. What. were all the difficulties which were
started from time to time against the immediate exe-
cution of this promise, it would be extremely difficult
to detail ; but there cannot be a doubt but the ques-
tion of the writership, which it has been attempted to
connect with this transaction, could have nothing to
do with it ; as Mr. CANNING never contended for
Lord CASTLEREAGH'S removal from the Government,
hut from the particular office he held, and into which
he wished to introduce Lord WELLESLEY. It ap-
pears that the demand of the fulfilment of the pro-
mise led to the resignation of the Duke of PORTLAND,
and subsequently of Mr. CANNING. And it further
appears, that, as soon as the whole of this unpa-
ralleled conduct was, at this late period, disclosed to
Lord CASTLEREA6II, he immediately placed his re-
signation in his Majesty's hands. On the truth of
the above facts the public may rely ; and they can
no longer be at a loss for the real causes and grounds
of the demand made by Lord CASTLEREAGH for satis-
faction from Mr. CANNING.

A FRIEND TO TRUTH.

About eight on Saturday morning, two Officers
belonging to the Buffs came on shore from a trans-
port off Plymouth, and fought a duel on MountWi:e.
After one of them had fired, the other discharged his
pistol in the air, and the matter terminated. We
have not learnt their names, nor the cause of their
dispute.
Wednesday se'nnight a Court-Martial was held at
Sheerness, on board the Magnanime, on a marine, of
the Wrangler gun-brig, fur committing an unnatural
crime on a boy of that ship. The charge b Zing fully
proved, he was sentenced to be hanged on board any
of his Majesty's ships, the Lords of the Admiralty
may think proper.
One of the French prisoners brought in the brig
l'Artemise, from Bourdeaux, states, that it• was re-
ported at that place, that when the Emperor NAPo.
LIMN heard of the return of our Expedition from
Zealand, he fell into such an immoderate fit
,of
laughter, that he broke a blood vessel ! He was not
declared out of danger when the above account reach-
ed Bourdeaux.

GutLinit I.L.—Sattirday, Mary Hudson was fully
committed, charged, before Alderman Scuor.Ev, with
forcibly taking a silver watch from a journeyman
smith, who swore positively to her pulling his watch
from his packet, and giving it to another woman.
Two porter s; from the warehouses of Harlon!, Da-
niels, Payne, and Bally, of Thames-street, were ci'm-
mined for trial, on a charge of robbing their em-
ployers of cotton and Peruvian bark.
HATTON GARDEN.— Saturday Ann Martin was fully
committed for trials on .a charge of stealing table-
linen, from her master, Mr. Horner, of Ashby-
street, Clerkenwell.

Another woman was committed at the same time,
fur stealing a great coat.
Pt:L.—Saturday Martin Paquira was com-
mitted, charged with stealing tw•o pieces of corduroy,
two of gingham, and six handkerchiefs, the property
of Mr. ITordyce.

" Everybody ihoulel try" was the concluding obser-
vation of George Alexander Stcevens, in that part of
his Lecture on Heads .wherein be describes the rea-
sons why people adventure in Lotteries. " SOMEBODY
(says he) must get the great Prizes." As " NOBODY
knows who," and " ANYBODY may," " EVERYBODY
should try."—ln the present Lottery EVERYBODY
seemsinclined to take his advice, but as the whole is
to he drawn in One Day, if ANYBODY delays, it ii a
great chance but 11011E1101n Will be toe late.

•S.FL 1.7 ?-14
•LD BAILEY; /Mr Vt.

jasse Hewitt was indicted for a misdemeanour, in
having, in the month of August last, contrary to an act
passed. in the'reign of George 11. seduced an artificer
of this country to leave the lcingdom. 1
From the testimony of the witnesses examined, it
appeared that. the prisoner, although recently from,'
America, is an Englishman, and had lately frequen-
ted a public house called the York Minster, imme-
diately in the vicinity of the factory of Messrs. Lewis ,
and Hughes, Bunhill-row, who, on public principles,
have very laudably undertaken the present prosecu- ,
tion. To this house the numerous workmen in the
employ of Messrs. Lewis and Hughes, usually re-
sorted ; and amongst others a man named Hutchin-
son, who had been formerly apprenticed from the
parish of St. Martin's, to a cotton manufactory, near
Manchester. After serving his apprenticeship he
came to London, and was employed in the service of
Messrs. Lewis and Hughes in the callico-dying busi-
ness,. and was in fact returned a fair workman. This
man the prisoner frequently met, and-by glowing re-
presentations of the advantages and great wages he
was likely to obtain, by going to America, induced
him to agree to emigrate, for the purpose of being
employed in a cotton manufactory, lately established
at a place called Cooper's Town, in the province of
New-York. Messrs. Lewis and Hughes having heard
of this negotiation, sent for the prisoner, and remon-
strated with him on the illegality of the steps he was
pursuing, forewarning him at the same time, that-if
he persisted in his delinquency, they would punish
him with the rigour of the law, acquainting him that
Hutchinson was under an engagement to them for a
term of years and an artificer in cotton. The pri-
soner then faithfully promised that he would relin-
quish his intentions. In a few days, howevertyr.
Hughes discovered that Hutchinson was making pre.
parations for his departure, and tha his passage had
actually been taken on board the Henrietta Charlotta,
for New York. The prisoner was then alprehended,
and on being brought before a Magistrate, produced a
receipt for 121 dollars, paid by him to the Mate of
the said ship for Hutchinson's passage, and his own,
and also a promissory note of Hutchinson's for
221. 10s. for his passage, and for other monies which
had been advanced to him by the prisoner, to be re-
paid out of the produce of his labour in America.
The prisoner's defence then was, that Hutchinson
came again to him, and said he had had his master's
permission to leave the country, and that from his
solicitation, he was induced to pay his passage out.
The witnesses called by the prisoner rather corro-
borated than disproved the case on the part of the
prosecution.

The -CosisioN SERJEANT, who tried the case, in sum-
ming up the evidence, dwelt with peculiar force on
the mischievous tendency of the crime with which
the prisoner stood charged, which, he said, was most
materially connected with the manufacturing interests
of this country ; and was deservedly punished by law
in a most exemplary manner ; the Legislature having
decreed, that persons convicted of such an offence,
should be subject to 12 months imprisonment, and to
a penalty of £5OO, cautioning at the same time, the
simple and unwary against being seduced by these
golden dreams, to leave this land of real liberty for
countries that only bear the name—where the pro-
mises held out to them are never realised, and where
their passage and maintenance are wrung ont of their
wretched earnings, in situations but little short of
slavery.

The Jury, without a moment's hesitation, returned
a verdict of Guilty.
Huchinson, the artificer seduced, was then tried
under an Act passed in the sth of George the First,
which enacts, that any artificer, particularly in the
manufactures of cotton, wool, silk, mohair, &c. who
should be convicted of, or detected in, preparing to
leave the kingdom, for •the purpose of devoting his
knowledge for the benefit and advantage of fOicign
countries, not within tile British Dominions, should
be bound to enter into recognizances himself, and two
sureties, for remaining in the country.
The evidence. in the former case was again gone
through, and the prisoner was found Guilty.
