(From Lc Globe.)
BASLE.

JAN. 10.—Last night a detachment of 500 peasants at-
kiupted to take possession of the gates of St. Peter and St.
John. They were repulsed, however, and without any loss
to the inhabitants of the town; the insurgents had several
ounded. The latter now intercept all communications
the town, and stop every courier and diligence. The
bridges in the neighbourhood are all cut down.
Fn.' Me Constitutionowl.

Extract of a private letter from Posen.)—" The affairs
cr. Po:and are in a flourishing state. The enthusiasm is ge-
neral among all classes ; the peasantry, and even the Jews,
are rising %% ith the Lords in their patriotic efforts. Before
ti.e end of January, Poland will have 150,000 men ready
to take the field, and 200,000 others armed with pikes and
pistot.s. The sacrifices made by the people are immense.
Persons worthy of credit say that Nicholas's passion has
subsided, and that he has arrived alone at the Lithuanian
army, and is ready to make concessions.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Paam, JAW. 14.
Flre per Cents, 93f 15e 10e 93' 93f 5c 10c lk 2k 3k 4k 30c
35c 30c 45c 50c 40c 2k.
Four and a half per Cents,
Three per Cents, 61f 30e 25e 20c 2k 35e Ok 50e 40c 7k
We 70c 80c 70c.
Bank Action'', 1,1.001 I,Blof.
Rtnt• de Naples, 62f 70e &if 631 3k.
nude d'Eapagne, 14.
Royal Spanish Loan, 60 6046
Ream tr
Perpctuelle Espagae, 4.61 i ilia 461.
Haytian Loan. 340 f.
Lkaange on London. oo• moo* papa, 261 lk; moogy. Ea lk.
, ree months, paper, 25f k; mosey, 21it Se.
--.—.......—....
BELGIUM.
NO TN ON THE LIMITS.
J A X , 6, 1831.—The Belgian Commissioners at London
.1111., it their duty to communicate to their Excellencies the
''.enpoeutiaries of the five great powers, the opinion of the

Provisional Government of Belgium on the question of the'
limit which should be drawn between that independent state
and the neighbouring countries. Though so important a
question cannot be decided in the last instance, except by the
National Congress, to which alone the right belongs, the
Commissioners are nevertheless obliged to make known the
only basis on which a treaty may be considered, conformable
to the real interests of the country and to the dignity of the
people who have conquered their independence. It is ne-
cessary for the balance of Europe that this people should be
happy, which it cannot be unless it retains those parts of
its territory, the possession of which is necessary to its de-
fence and prosperity. Several verbal notes, delivered at
Brussels by the Diplomatic Committee to the Delegates
[ from the Plenipotentiaries at London, have explained the
rights and the facts which entitle the Belgian Government
to aim, during the continuation of the armistice, the an-
cient Dutch Flanders, Maastricht, and the province of
Luxemburg. These motives are equally powerful when the
final limits of the country are to be decided.
" The ci-devant territories, united to the departments of
the /Jebel& and of the Lys in 1795, cannot cease to make
part of East and West Flanders, which answer to those two
departments ; without the possession of the left bank of the
Scheldt, Belgium would be exposed on that side, and the
free navigation of that river might be an illusory stipulation.
" The Dutch, if masters of the country on that bank, and
consequently of the sluices constructed to draw of the water
of Austrian Flanders, might inundate at pleasure, as they
have done at former times, the Belgian territory.
" The city of Ghent, which communicates with the mouth
of the Scheldt by the new canal of Teneuse, would lose all
the commercial advantages which it derived from this com-
munication with the sea.

" Maestricht, which never made part of the Republic of
the United Provinces, but where the States-General exer-
cised certain rights, in conjunction with the Prince Bishop
of Liege, is also one of those possessions which cannot be
disputed with any notion of justice and reason ; the more so,
as the Dutch are in possession of all the indemnities which
were given in exchange.
" The question of Luxemburg has been thoroughly dis-
cussed. 'I his province made an integral part of ancient
Belgium. The treaties which have given it a particular re-
lation with Germany have never deprived it of the character
of a Belgian province. The Grand Duchy of Luxemburg
has not formed a State distinct from the kingdom of the
Netherlands. At the same tune with the other Belgian pro-
vinces, the inhabitants of Luxembourg threw off the yoke
of King William, who has declared that their Representa-
tives could not sit in the States General of the Hague. They
have sent their Deputies to the National Congress with the
other Belgians ; they have voted the exclusion of the House
of Nassau ; they cannot and will not return under the domi-
nion of that family. [The note then observes, that Holland
is sufficiently seeured by its rivers from any attack by Bel-
gium, which ought to be equally secured by the fortresses
on its side of the rivers ; besides, it may appeal to the fra-
ternity which unites it to North Brabant, whose agricultural
and commercial interests, u well as the religious opinions of
almost all its inhabitants, are opposed to the idea of incor-
poration with Holland. The Note concludes by represent-
ing that the urgent nature of the circumstances obliges the
Commissioners to request a decisive answer, which they may
transmit without delay to the Representatives of the Belgian
Nation.]
(Signed) " SYLVAIN VAN DE WEYER.
" IL VILLAIN XIV•"

The next document read was the following :
" St a,—We received yesterday your letter of ----,
accompanying the conclusion of the Report of the Central
Section. This proposal, with which we were not acquaint-
ed, is wholly conformable to the idea which I had to sub-
mit to you, viz.—to leave to the Congress the difficult task
of choosing a Sovereign. The Congress will then appoint
Commissioners to treat with the five Powers. I see, in the
same project of the Central Section, that the Commissioners
of the Congress will be also authorised to treat of the Ter-
ritorial and Commercial questions. The Note expresses
the hope, that as the presence of the Commissioners in Lon-
don is no longer necessary, they will soon be recalled. It
then adds, " The Government has doubtless received our
letters and the Note on the limits. Since then our situation,
with respect to the Congress, is not changed.
"The official mode of communication between it and us is
"Myst fixed. All is done through the medium of Prince
Talleyrand and Lord Palmerston, who had told us to hold
ourselves in readiness. However there have been three con-
ferences this week since the delivery of our note on the
armistice, and the raising of the blockade ; but we were not
present at them.
" Yesterday Lord Palmerston read to us, on the part of
the Congress, a protocol on the observance of the armistice,
which protocol, he added, would be forwarded the same night
to the Hague and Brussels.
" The Government and the Diplomatic Committee should
know, that (except the note of the 4th), they have not been
heard or officially consulted on the subject, and consequently
the contents of the protocol, which are known to us only by
being repeatedly read to us, must be considered as the result
of a joint discussion. According to Lord Palmerston, what
has hitherto hindered the Congress from entering into any di-
rect communication with us, is thievery question of the Scheldt
first of all to decide. However such a state of things cannot
long be continued, and we propose, as we told Lord Palmer-
ston yesterday, to ask—
" 1- When and how the discussion of the Note of the
6th may be entered upon ; or
" 2. If the Congress, which has invited us, now thinks it
of no use that we should be heard, as it knows, by our an-
swer to the protocol of the 20th, and by our note of the 4th,
the opinion of the Government? It is, however, indispen-
sible that the Government should prepare, as soon as pos-
sible, to treat the question of the debt of the colonies—not to
conclude an agreement with Holland, but to enable itself to
discuss what part of the debt Belgium would take upon it-
self, and also to offer pecuniary indemnities for Maastricht,
Flanders, and Luxemburg—territories which we shall not
obtain without sacrifices, and for the possession of which
we have no territorial indemnities to offer. The Belgian
commissioners, either we, if we are to remain at London,
or those whom the Congress shall appoint, must be furnish-
ed with positive instructions. The data which I have are
not sufficient, and, besides, we are not authorisedAo
anything of the kind. We have learned, from animßH
Issapropose
rity, that Holland has already communicated to Congress
its ideas respecting the debt. It is, therefore, absolutely ne-
cessary that Belgium should take its resolution. Such, sir, is
the state of affairs. The Congress having been engaged the,
whole week on the raising of the blockade has not been able to
take up the question of the limits. We wait till then to give
upon each of these points a memorial explanatory of the note
of the 6th of which send copies to-morrow to the five Pleni-
potentiaries. You will doubtless find this course of proceed-
ing very slow, and ill agreeing with the impatience of the
nation, but such difficulties cannot be removed in a day.
The Committee and the Government may be convinced that
we do not lose a moment.
(i_i_cd) " SYLVAIN VAN DE WIIY211."
" P.S. we have just left Prince Talleyrand, who has ex-
plained to us why the Congress has not yet entered into a
direct communication with us. We are, in this ma, on
the same footing as the Dutch Commissioners. Cow-
gross desires to be provided with all the documents before

it discusses die points in dispute. Meantime, we shall
communicate our Wm and rights to each of the Plenipo-
tentiaries."
After the reading of these documents.. debate ensued, in
which—
M. Fletton Prince Gustavus Vasa of Sweden for
the sovereign onallilam.
Several members spoke against the sending of Commis-
sioners, as proposed by the central section; and on the
question being put, it was rejected by 108 to 63.
M. Brouckere, Minister of Finance, presented a new
Budget, in which the total expenditure is estimated at
21,193,340 florins._

From Ls not Rarists.
BRUSSZLS, Jan. 14.—We have just received a letter
from a person of distinction at Munich, who has the vatic
at Court. He informs us that the Bing of Bavaria had re-
ceived the day before (the 6th) the news that Prince Oda,
bis son, had been proposed for the Times at Baliim, and
from the number of his partisans, it was labs* ha wad
succeed.

" I can assure you," adds our correspondent " that our
worthy Sovereign will never consent to Owe his son at the
throne of Belgium even if the Powers should agree, without
having the consent of the dispossessed family. It is probable
that no Prince, accept
who has little respect for him, will
this Crown, and that no other will be able to keep it. Our
Court is, besides, aware that the enemies of Belgium have
tho preponderance in the councils of government, and that
they impel it to extreme measures, irreconcilable with the
interests of the European Cabinets, and which must either
soon ruin the country, or place it under a yoke more heavy
than that which it has broken, but with a great diminution
of its resources and its riches."

General Douglas and suite arrived here yesterday from
the Hague, and set out this morning for London with dis-
patches for his government.—Brvue/s Papers, Jam. 15.

SPIV

FNILS.

Timse..—lt is clear to every man that the Gowanment mast begin
to act against the contrivers of this conspiracy, belles k breaks sat In
open fury far the datruction of the empire. Amomod ammo sad
hypocritical pretences have too long passed for thin. of greater
value, and the substantial safety of the realm Mimi that the
disturbers of society should be judged bustohnb by their acts
instead of their professions. The suspension of the Haim Corpus
act has been objected to for inefficacy, banner, as Mho* worded,
the act which suspended U. left members of Parlkosent asteashoip This,
we presume, was because members of Psalmist bad sit heretofore
subjected themselves to a reasonable suspidea of "leaks 'phut the
&ate. if new circumstances have arisen, hash gosnansees mot be bad
manse to ; nor do we know why an abuse of the lama and sinner
of a.legisktor, so much more dangerous than that of she oppoolooldis
of ordinary men, should be exempt from the personal deka seskahns
which the bulk of the king's subjects are in critical cages expend to.

Cwaowictz—Let ux conciliate the Irish by making their mane&
don with us, not a source of hathetheerang, but of benefit. Let jus.
dee be done in Church matters, lst the poor be protected by a
fur destitution and put an cod the weltered ebbing t Grand
Judea, the. and the Irish easy be soneUlased. • mak, are we to enter '
a bloody and exputthrearEr the ariesseney easy ham rieh b
ries, and dthnerW sad stalls, mid fit awes In Irelartdi!mrt
is natural dust the shield dint wsw of these mature
than of the pessperity Oda Mho, Ike irs an ail bet too prone se leek
to our own spathe Memel& Bat the salsa easiest mitigate
in these views. The as.* people have a direst Immo% an the sm.
nary, in removing an Asada is en peace sad Immilllty at biked,
because an keg as Imbed ementhe Method, she aspens et pessreing
order, fall on them. Ths Insetha ter the park dftloth is net
what will benefit this a this Musk but whet will lualE is satin.
Popmy mime is iseholl, awl will mist I bat we do Est sus it the
tzletesse el • Ist PISISIbId >Mshlishmsal ikaidoloo Isis pow& Whet.
was poomma i wapowl pommel. di Ir shpamploneat Moil&
the power at Mow et all rellgloak Ow paaratylo the peat some of
whody fallawoo.

Ifinar.v.--Thesgh we have sever, like awn of the pram de-
nouncers of Mr. O'Connell, eneouraied his schemes of
nor gently admired his talents, yet we would not have the
of ceeititedwal law violated for the purpose of washing that or any
other ledleided. Still less do we di he to see &en via
lated la a spilt of alumni and Impend era only
have the Abet of enuelfag kb and inwasleg
his factious power. The paper war of whisk the
Irish Illasentive is now amyl% IS agebet die dimagegste,
is bad la pandpis, and ridiculous is egandon Mang me
better serve die wren of Mr. O'Connell Om es& we umemememen
like mode of attempdeg M t him down. The es tags whisk
them pmelamations am Is one of the meet that
ever overfeed the smudge erne re ea Ass state. Keck a statute
dare net he applied to Englund ; and its talent application in Ireland
can may &mem the popular dimmest, as mokbg an invidious and
dampness distbetlea between the mown of the United^ Kingdom
and justifying the exciting apple& of e• leaders of the Irish people
who represent their country as reduced to a state of political
slavery and idation. The laws in this country against
seditious praetlas and unlawful are slide tly strong, if
firmly and judiciously executed, to tames the limethewans of de-
magogues, and prevent or potash the visistione elf Ilto pubic peace.
To do mere than thole laws empower ths ffeenenUsee to de is to
make power odious, and to give to the one of madwity the &MC-
ter of persecution. The Government of Irebed, by deporting from
the sholesome principles of constitutional law, sad by a ding upon a
statute which legalises arbitrary power, and which, when .ed into
operation by the late Government, justly called Awn in Parliament
the ambition of the Whigs, have shown no wisdom—no con-
duit, no consistency. Nature or education never quailed the
Marquis of Anglesey for a statesman, and it was a great error of the
present Ministry to send a mete soldier to undertake the delicate
and dillicult task of governing Ireland in its pressat.eirsumstanees.
It requires sounder views of policy, deeper refirege••• and a dearer
bead than he has ever brought to the seaward= of eiviialbite, to
exercise the delegated powers cf sovereignty in that put alas Wlsi
kingdom with beneficial consequences to Ireland, and to the esogbe
at large.
Tense.—lf we be asked erl-I=7-be special esomskshus have
dole good, there is no question but that our answer, wad the mower of
every rational mem, would be warmly and readily la the alliestive.
And even if we be asked, whether they have eared or will eistbely cure
the evil, we should also my, yes, If the provocsoices so outrage be not
persevered in, or repeated ; bet it is rather too much to cepa, that an
extraordinary exercise of judicial power should pseeset the braes and
landlords, and that they, under the shelter d that exercise, should
continue to aggrieve and distress their pear Mowers. We would,
however, endeavour to guard people assist esegmated repro.
gestations of the disturbed eta!' d the camery, which redly pro-
duce the ails they depict ; and dine le weigh et shone sad sand-
vocal mischief to require all our best elate to allay and appease it.
The price of grain is now
jb of p—it is, la at more than a awes.
ma ting elevation. The wages ought to mum
with it, er the sawing the labourer me be aggravated rather than
relieved. The riots among the agricalumel population in 1796
took place when the farmers were welching themselves, when
corn was at an enormous price, and the value at the land
was continually rising. These in 1630 broke out what the
farmer was said to be oppressed by rent and tithe, jibed to
low prices and heavy taxation: so that the labourer suffers whether
the corn be high or low. There is a rumour fa einedatioa, sell has heat
some time, that the labourers have not in all cases hese the laandiadas,
but others who should seem to have a men direct Interest in the preser-
vation of the property destroyed. And we know, beyond all possibility
of contradiction, that is many—eye, in leftward& mees—the d-ggy
, nave been forced, through tenor, to thew back a wasiderable portion
of their tithes, which the farmers have coolly put bee their pockets,
without adding one sixpence a week to the wages of their labourers ! le
not this robbery

DIM! N. Jan 14.

ANOTHER PROCLAMATION. —AJMER I' OF MR. STEEI.E.
Hedy this amain ma walls were aria oeverml with another posts.
beirg int the blarquis of Anglesey's snivel. Yen
wilimoseive ft lam*a mere ottorive than any of the former
sees, sad paehlMte the meetings of the Asesdason, Etc. ander say
whet maw or psemats at devices. It is thought by some
that de will pat a step to the promethaps of the agi-
tates% hat ems of tits 16 resijkalses" (Ikeda alhdp he is ho-
mily aigivid in died a Iplan to defeat the neessaree of Go-
verneasm. 1 = the Filet of this evening will siva us
the important hr
ARIUS? OF MIL BTERLL
mmulag, ahem ma o'ebek, Mr. Steels was attested is College-
clit,A=allote Hamby, of tbs Heed 011ko, seder a wansat
Dailey, Chief blegletrate Folk%
him with Wain Wiwi and published a libel, " The Speemli st
tara
mess amis. Ilse. an Smoky's stupid, igaorsaL sad wicked eimalsr to
the Eleginiattesef Ireland," man to Wine the mastitata atathsel-
ties set laws of the nabs Lao Una an/ amtsmpt. Os wh
im
I.tho 011 es, he sant a neessoce ampaint Mr. O'Cousell et bb
at
amt. aid kakis he mold call ea him. The Nails.

trates aopulintad Mr. Steele they would take his own recognisance in
1001. mod two aseoritims in 10111. each, for his appearance to abide his
trial. After setae daisy, Mr. John Reynolds, of the Alerthants%quay,
and Mr. Peony, iihnhoOsplb% of. Castlet.strest, Wired to become his
bail t but the lager individiami was rejected, on refusing to err= to his
ganlifientiona. ilhattly Art Mr. Dollard, a publican, of Cork.htil,
Awed himself, and, TA M& Reynolds, was accepted. Mr was alto-
about duos lamb aeleully, derma which period he wu vial .ed
Mr. lienelse o'o=W' arill several other friends, but the Lit/cr.. is
Eller
nit wb hie GMs et ell.
iblin 1.1.1% the eMM be motruited thanks to the illagistrs.e. 1.,1
do alleliallidleSON ha soolivoi, and for their kind and gentle !Li' ly
nosellmon. B. ales cited a doom to the deter who arrestcdhit.•
viii Hot* very spiritedly sussed.
The Popes will give on annum of the tnattoce in which the Mat-
adi of was received at the theatre. The nearest In the truth
kin /ara I was in various parts of the Kane, and I hare no
hide be ineindog that those s'..° afilauded him were iv/ my to
m mp
a lnot the OTAnsollites. I hare this open to the last mo-
nist, M loses do some which ()Ton will adopt, but u yet he
W pliable' seibbeg.
" PROCI.AMATION
"IT TIC 1.011 LIZIIIVINANT-GE mama •IND GEKIERAL WYE Illfol
or IitiLAMD.

" ANGLRI3EIf.
" Witions, by an Act passed in the tenth year of his late Sisk-sty's
TO" tata
_44 An Am for the Suppression of dstigsrous Associa-
tion at trimis is Ireland; a power is vested in the Lord Lieut.:-
ER raw Chid Gomm, or Governors of Ireland, by his or their
Illiodsr, to prohibit or suppress the meeting of any Am).
eletbtsa 18/8/111ie or body of parsons in Iteland, which he or th, y shall
tints ID be diogonen to the public peace or safety, or inconsistent witit
the doe aist of the law, or any adjourned, renewed, or other-
wise entiestpeembe of the same, or of any part thereof, ender any
IMOD If Awlee whatsoever.
" And Anne an Atneciatkin, a4sembly, or body of persons, as-
ths ghee diemiettletts, or some of thc.u, that is to say
6 The of the Frbodoet Ireland, of all Religious Persua.itins
iThe Irish y for Legal sod Lzgislative Relief, or the Anti. Union
Association t• ,The Assoelaties of Irish Volunteers for the Repeal of
the Union ;" Tne General Association of Ireland for the Prevention of
Unlawful Meetings, and for the Protection and Exercise of the sacred
Right of Petitioning fur the Redress of Grievances • The Subscribers
to the Parlhunensary Intelligence Office, Stephen-street e and other de-
signations, have from time to time held meetings at different places in
the city of Dublin, for the purpose of pionialgatlng and cbculatin4
seditious doctrines and sentiments, and have oedasionnd by means of
inflammatory harangues end publications. to excite sod keep alive in
the minds of his Majesty's subjects in Ireland a spirit of disaffection
and badlity towards the existing laws and Government.
" And whams it bath been made known to us that other meetings of
the mid siwislation, assembly, or body of passes, for such purposes,
under the aforesaid designation, or sans of them, or some other name
or awns, and under various pretexts and devices, are intended to be

"And whereas we deem the said emaciation, assanbly, or body
of persons, cud the meetings thereof, to be dangerous to the public
peace and safety, and inconsistent with the due administration of
the law :

66 We, therefore, the Lord Lieutenant General and General Goveroor
of Ireland, being resolved to suppress the make, do hereby prohibit
the meeting of the said Association, Assembly, or body of pastas,
and every adjourned, renewed, or otherwise continued meeting of the
fume, or of any pan thereof; under any name, pretext, or device what.
130eTet.

" Given at his Majesty's Castle of Dublin.
the 13th day of January, 1831.
" By his Excellency's Command,
" GOD save the King."
SECOND EDITION OF THE FREEMAN'S JOURNAL.
Freeman's Journal Mice, Saturday, Twelve o't luck.
CONSUMMATION OF THEI ALOEkINE LAW—
SION OF A BREAKFAST MEETING !
This day, the committee of thlrty-one, appointed to arrange the re:
Hminaries for the great pablic meetin of the &lane of Dublin, to peti-
tion for &repeal of the Union met at breakfast at Hayes's Tavern, Daw-
son-tenet. Some other gentlemen attended.smaking in all about fifty.
Mr. O'Connell, 111. P. presided. After brealifast,' the Hen. Gentleman
explained the object of the Meeting. and then was proceeding to
ornament upon the Alperin* Act, which authorises the Issuing of the
proelamatlons.merßtiattheis Act, the Lord Lieutemant was empowered to
proclaim any es assemblage of meows, for any purpose and
under any name, to dangerous to thepublie pace. But this was not
all that the Act required to be done. By the ',reclamation a meeting
vu declared to be illegal ; but the meeting should be named, and she
place of meeting also. Mum the meeting could legally take place. and
amid sit until two magistrates came and read another proclamation.
emmeanding the meeting to diverge. 'the me.,ting could then sit fur
▪ imintsfts, then they should divers. or be liable to ants'. 't his
be (11i O`Conwell) wished to explain tor the rake of the lawyers
wlte was magistrates of Dublin—a kind of " refer fur tried 'flex.
pacity"--(slissra).
At this mama there was some noise at the deer, and just then
entered Allman Daisy and Mr. Grieves, two magistrates of the
head odes el_pslise, led by three peace seem.
Aliens= Dais.wr-- have come, penitent to the proclamation,
▪ dhparee this ousting.
O'Comatm.—When you fulfil the prevision of the act we will
obey.
Alderman Daisy then paneled to cud the dispersing peel aviation,
sad when he concluded, re
Mr. O'Coowitut. roes and said, g. ntissass, the magistrate has done
his duty respectfully. He has dune so at his own pail.— We will obey
even the semblance °flaw. (Cheers). But in a Reformed Parliament,
and there must soon be Reform, or mm.mnim we shall have justice masa
the executors of this atrocious act of despotism. (Loud Cheers.) It is
worse than an Algaine law, but by peace and quiet we will seen over-
twitch, and the men who have falsified their own words, libelled their
own professions, and trampled upon public lilxrty. (Chaos.)
The Meeting then dispersed, after giving three cheers fees repeal of
the Union, and three groans for despotism and the Pagan adminis-
tration.

" R. G. STANLEY.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Malts Awns Tana Div.—Dublin. 2 ; Waterford. $; Mender; 1 ;
France. 1.
Dui, JAN. 16.—Wind B.E—Arrived from the Leer. and soiled,
the St. Andrew. Fah:, for Sierra Leone ; and Greyhoond, Cornitor.
for SR Niched's.

Possums's. JAN. is arid 16.—Wiwi
• Milder. foe Leith.
PLIMOOTIN JAN. 14.—.Wlad KS K
Rumours, Jas. 14 and 13.--Wiwi E.S.E. to E.

his Maie.t y's

Pars Axes; Jam 14.—Arrived of the port, the Stephen
Lodge, from Mireznichl.
&aux, Jan. Ill.—Arrived the Isabella. Wiklgoose, from Demerara;
Hope, Kest, from Quebec; Swift, Paul, from St. liiichaers; James,
Rowcarle. from Ceoalonia ; George at d Mary, Thomsoo, (ram
Smyrna ; Hiram, Gibson, from Seville ; Meadows, Garden, frost
Oporto; Ocean, Tucker. trona Bilbao; St. Loots. iChauvallon, and
nitrite, David, from Nantes.
Bassos., Jim 16 —Arrived the Dependent, Carr. from St. An-
drew's, N.B. and Arab, Smith, from Legbarn.
HOLUM" Jan. IL—Arrived the Handkon, Bunker. from New
York.
Lrezzroor., Jan. IL—Arrived the Dorothea, Davie, from Phila-
delphia ; Hotspur, from Buenos Ayres ; P.ppel, Byas from Attica ;
Pilot, Jones, from Quebec; Forth, free* Newfoundland; and Gazette
from Trieste.
Gazzsocr., JAL 4L—Arrived the Industry, Boardman. hem St.
John's, N.B.
Wasuaroao. Jas. Ill.—Arrived the Margaret, Wilson. from
Richebucto • Snobs. Taylor. from Newfnuodland; and Witarfinger,
Coultas, from Leaden.

DRURY-LA Ati I'H R.LTRIL
Saturday evening the melodramatic errs of Bea a, war revived
at this theatre, with Dearly the former cast of characters. vas.—Ret 14,
by Macau...DT, Bali* Niel Jarwie by !arrow, Prosaic (sIal•
ditto* by 8111CLAIS, and so on ; and Alias Pr.aasos sustained the
part of Mists Versos. This young ladyhas a great many aimir.
era. An encore of MaYna's rang entitled," He's what they ea' a
bonnie bd,"oompostri far her by Mr.Poan r, waslu%dly ailed G•r, and
gained urn the ham. S Wait was is cap t 1 veins, and sang hi- ems
gauntry ballads aith lunch taste. Macaw...miles 1114 was a marl rr-
foment and gained for him the entire approbadeis of the audience.
ren's Nitvi Jervis was as droll as ever it was. The subordinate
characters were also very asditably Wed. Banns: sail dem. r ved the
came the received in the song of " A famous Man was Rebi I:ood,"
which he sang in the character of Ma* Gateraite. In shf, t the
opera is so well get up, ass was 111101* dal ajo such a 'metal fa-
vourite, that there is little doubt it will have a nut for some time to
come. The House was exceedingly velleuended Rom the heginalag.
smoommammgma
The Lot.) Advocate of Scotland has been returned Member
for the Perth district of Burghs.
The private accounts frogs Okla sale, that the Beirian
army is preparing for an attack want Holland The Dutch
troops from Beluse and Orthourg, to the number of 1,000
anal, approached Ghent, and thought to take it by a eesp
de seam; bat they were stopped at Ma:deghem, where a
sharp t took place, and the enemy pat to the
routs. Two pings of COMM were take* by the vandal,.
The Deb fa their /sagest, burnt two houses and dninuirPd
govern ethos. On the 9th, fresh imp Angweep, are:
lay and cavalry, for the Dutch h infirm

=

'NM

Ell

lIM

. .;"

the pregiecution.
The defendant was then discha
COURT OF COMMON PL upon hisEAS, :ow. l own tecognb.isancea.

LA IV lIPPORTS.
COURT (IF CHANCERY. JAS. 15.
REFORM IN THE PRACTICE OP THE COURT.
The Lunn CHANCELLOR, upon taking his seat this mooing,
statt..l. ilia, it was usual for two blasters in Chancery to attend the
Court during Term time. This practice he found had arisen, and was
still continued, on the mound of ancient custom, bat was, In point of
fact, productive of no benefit whatever to suitors i and when he coosi.
tiered the inconvenience and delay that might arise to parties by the
nbsence of those Masters from their respective Chemise's, he thought
that the plactiee should he almondnued. He led therellue made such
arrangements on the subjects, as he hoped would save these honourable
and learned persons much trouble. His Honour the Vice-Chancellor'
and the blaster of the Bolls usually attended the Lord Chancellor on the
first day of term ; and these honourable and leaned individuals be con.
mit
sidered quite sufficient for all purposes on that da , and therefore
the attendance of the Masters, even on that day, be dispensed
with. But there were particular occasions upon will the attendance
of Masters of Chancery in the Court would be desitidgt ; and to meet
the necessity arising out of titose occasions, he had arranged that'
two Masters should serve through the Term upon those oc-
casions; and there being eleven Masters in Chatteriy, it would seldonro
come to the individual turn of those gentlemen. He ed also to state
that he had desired inquiries to be made with respect to the *ay busi-
ness was conducted In the Six Clerks* office, and iold any practice be
found to be in existence is that office, which was InediCtive of no public
utility, however ancient the custom might be out df which it arose—he
should endeavour to make such arrangements on -the subject as hi
misted woe:ltele satisfaction. Having stated what he had done, ant
what he in to do, he wished to ask the gentlemen of the sea if
they had any objection to the proposed change which he intended tol
make in the business of the Court, or whether they saw any Inconveni-
ence that was likely to arise from the change.
The Summon GENERAL said that he thought the permed an.
tangement a moat desirable one. He, however, supposed that his Lord.
ship did not intend to make any order upon the subject.
Lotto CHANCELLOR—Oh no; any Lord Chancellor who comes after
me may have the Masters in Court again.
COURT OF KING'S 11ENCII, Jas. lb.
The Court went through the Crown paper, but nothing of the slight.
est public interest occurred.
Mr. Sergeant Owes took the usual oaths as Attorney-Oeneeal for
the county palatine of Lancaster.
THE RING T. HEADLEY.
' Thia was an indictment for selling fruit in the streets during divine
setvice on a Sunday, in the parish of St. Luke, Middlesex, and was
preferred by the overseers of the palish.
The defendant pleaded guilty to the charge, and said that he was
induced to commit the offence from distress. Under dime circum-
stances. he hoped that the sentence of the Court would not be severe.
Mr. Justice PARSE said, that that was not the time to address the
Court in mitigation. Any thing he had to say on that subject should'
be deferred until he was called up for judgment. But the probability
was, that if he did not offend in future, he would hear nothing owe of

DELICSAL V. NAYLOR.
Mr. Sergeant Joss, moved for more time in this case, on the fol-
lowing grounds :—The plaintiff bad brought an action against the de-
fendant, for the recovery of several billets, nominally valued at 3,4601.
which were in the hands of the defendant's agents in Lima. The action
wa‘ stopped to be referred, an agreement being entered into.; that should
an award be made in favour of the plaintiff, the defendant should not be
gubjected to any imaginary charge for the billets, but that he should be
allowed time to obtain them from Lima on paying 3,0001 into Court.
The time had expired, and the Learned Counsel submitted certain do-
cuments that proved the billets were on board a ship of war coming to
England. Letters had been sent to effect an instance, and the billets
had been put on board a ship of war, as the mat recurs mode of con-
veyance.—Rule granted.
SECONDARIES' OFFICE, Jen. 15.
MULL V. MIVIWINI.
This was a case in which lb. Plaintiff sought damages for a breash
of contrast; by which the defendant undertook to keep certain pro-
m sea in substantial repair.
Mr. CROWDSa stated that the plaintiff bad taken a farm and grounds
in the county of Surrey tithe defendant, who entered into covenant to
keep the same in good and substantial repair, and give thieraintiff a
right of sporting. The plaintiff, however, had been old to file a
bill in Chancery to get a lease, and after be had obtained t, he found
that there existed no right of sporting, and he could not prevail upon
the defendant to put the farm in repair, according to the stipulation, al-
though he was himself obliged by the covenant to keep it in Inch
state.
Witnesses were called, who proved that amain repairs had bees mode,
but that they were not substantial, and of comae not within tha.ampa
of the contract. If the plaintiff intended to sport' he must pomp Ile
game as well as the ammunition.
Mr. Tommie contended that the repairs were adequate,md MIA
witnesses to prove Ids case.
Mr. Poems very. iudiciously drew the distinction boom M.
stantial repairs and milts aecordhtg to tke maid acespaelin of she
word ; and the Jury assessed the damages at Mi. the wholesome
for which the plaintiff went.
BOROUGH COURT OF ItIQUISTB, Jai. la.
111.11CK.ZYZ'D SUSAN v. I. W. IrT.LISTOW. sea
The Court was occupied for three hours in the hearing of a ease, is
which Mies Scott, of the Surrey Theatre, was plaintiff, and the ale.'
bested manager of the Surrey Theatre, the defendant.
The fair suitor claimed 21. fts. the amount of one week's salary, ups
the ground that the am was due to her, having been discharged with.
out a wears Mice.
Mr. Osbaldiston, the stage-manages, upheld the defence by
that there being no written contract, the claim could not be an
The Commissioners, however, considered (this being a Coast of allbe
science, ergo a Galt of Equity) that the lady was odds' Oe
recover, and ;made an order for the fun amount ante claim, with cats.
WESTMINSTER SESSIONS, Jan. 16.
The greatest part of the morning was occupled in reading the new
Commissions, and administering the oath of allegiance to several Ma-

gistretes.
Blerthe Martin and Bridget Burgess were indicted for assaulting Mar
garet O'Hara.
It would be utterly impossible to find limits for the evidence, and it
is therefore only to say that, a host of witnesses sppaired
and con, who (tont Mud the testimony given by each other.
The Jury, without hesitation, remand a verdict of Not guilty.
Defendant Slertin.—My lords, and gentlemen, you have dam your
credit ; for I nee fights or quarrels only on boxing-day, when I
gets intossicated or so, my lords and gentlemen. •
Marcus Fay, son of a surgeon dentist, residing in ilt.,Jamesh•
street, was indicted for asssultinda pretty-looking young female, amosi
Mary Jones.
Mr. C. PHILLIPS stated the ease for the prosecution. It appeared
that Mr. Fay lodges in the house of Mr. Morgan, hair dresser, in it.
Jemes's-ereet, and that for a very common reason the landlord and te.l
nent disagreed. Frequent quarrels took place, respecting the right M
use certain kitchen utensils, which Mr. Fay claimed by his agree.
meet, and which Mr. Morgan denied for the reason before alluded tn.
On the day stated in the indicunent Mary Jones, Mr. Morgan' sm.
mar, went up Stairs to demand a jug. end the defendant toad* Ilb
berty of thrusting her out, and, as she alleged, throwing her down gains.
With respect to the latter pet, the evidence was conflicting, sod the
Jury acquitted the defendant.
Themes Gaynor, the pugilist, appeared to answer to a charge of ,
assault; but the prosecutor not having appeared, Devine was, of course,

diseharied.
ilememensEam
THE PLEASURES or TM& Cii*ce.—Sir -James MU.
-
grave, who broke his right collar bone in hunting in Leices-
tershire, a few weeks ago,, .invited a friend from London to
visit Melton, and to use his establishment until Sir James's
recovery should allow him to resume sporting. On the day
of the friend's arrival he took the field, and, at his first leap,
WM thrown, and broke his left collar bone. The two friends
now, in fine hunting weather, nod at each other from easy
chairs placed at opposite sides of the hearth, in the hospita-
ble mansion of Sir James at Melton,
ELOPEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.— Since Thursday, con-
versation has been very general in the town of Deptford,
upon the subject of an• elopement of rather a singular de-
scription, which took place on that evening. The parties are
a youth, aged only 18 years, son of a most respectable inha-
bitant, and a Mrs. H—, the wife of %gentleman, who a
short time since held a very lucrative situation in the esta-
blishment of an eminent ship-builder. The lady, who pos-
sesses* personal income of 801. per annum, is about 44 years
of age, but with considerable attractions. Her husband,
about eighteen months or twoyears since, was obliged to give
up his situation, from illness. His faithless partner, taking
advantage of his helpless state, fled with her youthful para-
mour, taking with her all his property that was most valua-
ble, leaving her family, consisting of six children, behind.
The husband, through the medium of his friends, Wm-
queady ascertained-that tlee parties .Itift the tows in a heck-1
sq coach, and were seen wanting allether le the Ohl Us.'
reedit the following seass buten further trecoceold be
obtained &them. The fries of the youth have resided is
the town many years, and are highly respectable, and be is
their only son.

711PF.1.

PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH
EMPIRE.

BRIGHTON HERALD, JAN. 15.
At a meeting of the directors of the Brighton sod Ledge Railway,
the directors mosidaing thowedirear he the exasialse it dollar
works in other places has Lew alleedmee exceeded, peessedel, for the
graver security of the peeprieltheo ieb.p.sjp, #l. IRMO&
Otis work, estimated by the oporpin ot 11111,11.1 ; they bed an
offer made of a coettaa to delbfebsie vreerk,lndaffieti the pnesbees of
the lands, by the male ' tontteeters, timemsneelf the a-
thhate ; but, it was that, on a fair andl.pilhilosystkiss,
the same works may be enemas& tee a lees sum, amnia OIRSAINKSOR of
such proposed contract was therein postponed.
Among the numerous fashionable unlade at the ALatow ebb wash
are t—ilajoe Scalia, Mr. Weed, Mr. Bultcel, Mr. Baker, Mr. and
Minn Mr: and Mrs. Adroit, bit. Lumley, M.P. flea
St: Joh. hiihimay, Mr. anti Mrs. Abel John Saheb, Mr. Irving. M.P.
Sir John Raelielid,' M.P. Mr. and Mn. Copland, Woolson,
13i* W. and Lsdy Houston, Mime Long. Mr. Cm Site &Webster,
I‘*.` Baring, W.P. Prince Talle the Doke de V
Moutroude, the Baronness de lid and the Misses
AT Tee Mitigate Horst..—The Hon. Mrs. Cavendish and fa.
trey. the•Leates Howard. the Raw. Mr. Paley, son of De?alsy Rev.
Mr. Tolley,CoL Comae, &e. Deporteses.—Tits Hon.A. tit
town yesterday.
AT TRZ Moral. YORK Horst.—Sir ThomeeCockburn, Mama
liecisler; ' Means. nark, Major Ryan, Mr. Sitwell, Mr. Parkas--
Dotedger Lady Moloch and llftls !Unlock Dowager Lady BOW
ougls, Mr. and Mho Law an taatining. The Bishop of &Mar,
Earl of Olenlyon, Mr. Wm. Haines, and Count and Counts.' LAW
have left.
At the Bedford Hotel—Sir G. and Lad y Shifter, Sir Henry Black-
wood, Lady Elizabeth Vernon, Lady Sheffield, Mr. and Mrs. Sharpe,
Captain Crabb, Lady Garvagh, Mr. and Mn. Wilson.
The King has personally commanded Chantry to prepare a monument
foe Mn. Jordan, which is intended to be placed in the cemetery of St.
Cloud, in France, where this matchless daughter of Than was buried.
A wrong opposition bas this weak arisen in this town en the price of
that trot imortant article of doonsetie gensemption, bread. From
what we have-been able to learn, the preprieson of the Albion Stand
Mills, with a view of derzoying monopoly in fear, which has long ex-
isted in Brighton, have built four ovens en the premises, and are now
supplying shops (not bakers) with breed, which is retailed at 71d. the
alb. loaf. So great has been the esseation, that, we bear, several
bakers have closed their shops, Indies their custom completely gone.
The proper weight of the Tartan loaf is 11b. i es. The greater pan
of the tour for some years consumed in this town, has been supplied by
Messrs. Cart and Son, who have, in consequence of their extensive
dealings, been able to set the weekly prim of dour. The general price
of the quartets loaf, made of the best los; is now lid. An advance
would this week have taken place in dour of Id per gallon. bet it his
been prevented by the sppodden est en foot at the Albion Mills.
About Ave wain since, the wife of &tailor, in this town, was
along the Grand.pornde, when ohs was frightened at the bear MI
the area of a house of a perfumer. She was at the time in an advanced
state of pregnancy, and on the Friday following Christmas-dkshe was
deliveredof twins, a boy and a girl. The *enter was can sly co-
vered over with black hair, and dial soon after his birth. female
child is still Hying, and b the colour of a mulatto.

ANIMAL MEETING OF TUB BIIOIIFOX PROVIDINT AID
Dist atm Socetwe.—The annual meting of this Society was held
on Tuesday last, at the Old Ship, the Right Rev. the Bishop of Chi-
chester in the chair. The Rev. J. N. Gorky road the report of the
committee. Mr. Semen% onset our Magistrates, is moving that the
meeting approves aai mostions the rase, addressed the weedy is oar
gratolatery sons ot tee oboamatmis of their Masan he sondes-
ceded to bestow desk patroller es the moiety, aid otapoet ha hods with
their munificent mbecription. The Rev. T. Osage sossodsil she me.
don, and mentioned weal pleasing instances of the bewedisiel IMMO
the Society's centime, in relleving Won inkory, and pommanthe
and ty of the pose demeset meaty. Mr.
aohaleVe dour exposed Ishaself dilly owe and oneness.
winced of the great utility of the Witty, in the Reed and social im-
tof the poor; and eandaded by 46 That the meeting
reigeZenthe highest onedasetion *on the helnesse of the
institution ',Ma had smompeoll their meet amignine-ozpostmlows."
This was secoodol by Mr Thesies Blernekad, Daft; she whisk se-
veral other gentlemen Odeon& the milks.
The Magistrates assembled at the garter Sessions, bed hit week,
for the Eastern Division of this county, agreed to the Itallimkg patio,
which is now circulating in order to its being signal s. that we, the
undersigned, in the present unfortunate state of she sonsta, being
persons more or less connected with land, feel owed= saki upon
to press most strongly upon the attention of your Hossialas House
the very distressed condition of the occupiers Of Susses,
proprietorss or tenants, in a great part of the mem at
That is insay, if not in mat parts of the shove-stellallioddb-
trict, the distress. though in unequal degrees, is visible and emotive,
and that in all, the condition of landowner % tenants, and kkemen, is
so far from befog Satisfactory, that the mina of the landtol hes been
of late years on the &cream and has coosequendy soma diminkhed
means of keeping the soil in a peeper state of Mae, or of adegmeely
employing oe paying their workmen medeFolkor than Pits et
the division least favoured as to sell and odor Ommensms, the pees.
sure is most grievous, and losolvency and ruin too neserally peva.
'ent ; that these evils have been attributed by diabolist peons to
various calms, vie. to the opmelliss and abuse ot the post laws,
and comequent and imedinme Is of pankties to the &rages
which have been made boa Moo to time Is the Emma to the
excessive Imam ot moostim I or to a want of some
in the system of Lytle% Whether those or any of them, jointly or
singly, or amenweady with mks deswessoness lass ebeleus, have pro-
Mad the sloe above dmaibdk aid which we feel, and see, and know
to exist, we do net pewttme to but we most earnestly hope, that
the consideration yaw hessewable hones may be steadily directed to
the condition of this doss of the community, via. all them who are in.
taunted Is the imam of agriculture now so severely depressed, and that
your Itssestalge hose will bestow your best attention in adopting
namenres which may send to their substantial relief. And your pets.
timers will ever pray, kw"
The excavations to erection of the wall, for the widening
of the Marine the tollpte of the Chain Pier, hams boss
commenced. This wok when completed, will be a great isepoonsol,
independently of the amber of ass who will And =plasma deft
throughout the remainder of the winter.
Ts' Tussear.—The performances of Miss Fanny Mam assiber
father attracted overflowing houses on Friday and Saturday lass. Va-
rious opinions have been publicly exposited on the subject of dislody's
dramatic power; and while, by b“ admirers. she has boon ISMOnde OS
equalling her immortal relative. Mrs. Biddies, et Mies
others she has been represented m almost wholly destitute of
talent. Truth, most probably, lies between; and while it wadi be
absurd to claim for one of be immature yam and expellees, that
pesfeetion which an only rands from letgtlt practice, it is
equally unjust to deny bee the possession dewy considerable malt.
The trials at Salisbury ended on Monday night, and the mimes
convicted sentenced to MIMS terms of transportation and inaprisce-
ment. The Commission at Abingdon deo dosed on Saturday. Nose
were ordered to safer the extreme penalty of the law; a considmble
of them were under 30 years of aga.--Tke C,ommiesion fee
opened on Monday, where there are about My pekoe= fee
triaL The Commission for Bucks also opened on Monday at Ayles.
busy. There were IS6 prisoners fur trial.
Limn Coax Namara—Saturday. Jen. 11, 1331.—Osts, 11. Se.
ed. Beers, IL 131. per quarter.—Tuesday. Jan. 11.—Wheat, white,
31. 9s. mixed, 31. 13s. ditto, red, 31.75. to 31. 10s. barley, 11. los. oats,
IL to 11. 7s. pees, H. 19s. toll. per quarter, oil cake, 12i. per thousand.
MAIDSTONE GAZETTE, JAN. 11.
A public .library in Maidstone is about to be established. The rea-
sons armed for republic Matey in this town aro menewerable. .Maid-
stone—the ca itai sawn of the county-1s worse off in this respect than
Canterbury, , Chatham, and other places.
ST. JOHN Loxes--Thle worthy has emigrated to France. By a
letter from Dover, it would appear that he only crossed from that town
to Calais last week. The weather was rough when he Niched Dover,
and he was concealed in the City of London Hotel until it moderated.
Oa Friday last, an inquest was bold at a public-house In Fairlight,
Wore Mr. Bellingham, Comer for. Hastings, on the bodies of William
Crittenden, of Hastings, and George Harrod,* of deeding. Blockade
own attacked smugglers, routed them, and tainted the boat, which
contained 93 tubs if spirits. The deceased, who belonged to do
blmigineinnyt were killed by gon-shots. The Jury ; their
weed w. That William Cris and Joseph Harrod • from go.
rho: mod% trained by some potion or persona ttOlll3OlllllS bat that
it was juseilkble homicide on the part of these who shot them." A
Blockade man was so severely beaten that be is not expected to recover.
The Seeds for slit Western Division °UMW County commenced at
tit* New Sessioisliouse, !Audition, on Thursday morning last, Wars
=him, Keg. Chairman, and a fall Berth of Magistrates. Wa.
Stalten Waves, adßichard Cutbush, convicted of a violent
and outimposos tumult; which Mok place at Houdlntest, were sentenced
to be Sorehead and !apt to hard labour for despise of IS adman
„iambs. itsbeetralea, he 'a riot at Willis, to iepubssed. had
kept to had Moot to tss yam; Oosep g.NM*
add Jamm dews Mr Ogg is Maw% kr a reduction of dam; sod
fork apholikg and eseirosoging the riot; to be imprisoned sad hat to
hard labour for six mambo ommim
Sentence on'the hafting Modem drawee obi at thk soaks t .
' S. Sharp, 110, T. Pesch. IS, and W. (inert, IS. for sesiUg a pies
hied. value 5L...-11hatpi twelve celeadar maths la the Moms of
Correctioo, sod Poach sod t to be transported for life,

3. Brown, 16, A. Mauer, 16, and W. Woodhams, 15, for stealing'
a lies tame rabbit, the joropaty of William Dann, at Al
eo akbtone..-
Brown, be for fourteen yaws ; and Manger and Wood.
hams, three &ander mouths in the Howse of Correction, and twice
whipped.
J. Rural, 31, for stealing a shirt and other articles, the property of
M Allied, at alaidstoxe.—Tresnsportaties for life.
Web being the punishment for such odkness, would it not seem that
this branch of the l
aths fig,
requires some amelioration ?]
Chatham, BM Edward Penn, aged 66, one of the oldest
inhsbintate of the parish ; celebrated as a most successful florist fur up.
wards of 00 years, having obtained more prises for his carnations than
anDetz.in Ingland.—At Bosky, the Rev. Joseph Sharp, Vicar of
KENT HERALD, JAS. 13.
A meeting of the inhabitants of the North Division of the Lathe of
Aylesfeed is about to bet held at Rochester, for the purpose of consider.
ing the propriety of petiioning Parliament on the subject of reform.
The requisition is signed by many highly respectable agriculturbb,
wbo own or occupy land in sixteen or eighteen parishes in that neigh.

boathook
Temperate and efficient means are about to be adoplid by maxi pa.
daises in the eastern part of the county of Sussex; to advance the pest,
come of reform. The farmers arc to unite nith the labourers in Ow'
ing petitions to Parliament for reform ; and the labourers are theme&
ed that taxation without representation is the only tree ammo
el
their calamities the vote by ballot is strongly contended for. as po-
litical panacea in the present pecuniary, depended, and artificial state
of society.
Dovia, Jan. 10.—A Common Hall was held this day, for the pur-
pose of petitioning both Houses of Parliament for the repeal of the
auty ea ilea.basne Coal. H. Latham, Esq. Mayor, in the Chair.—
Mr. T. Birch read the following petition:
" That your petitioners are included in those portions of his Majesty's
subjects who are exclusively charged with the duty on coal and Mtn,
whilkt they are compelled, by their local situation, to procure those in-
dispensable articles of life at considerable risk and expense.
" That the pressure of this tax is severely felt by all classes in this
town and neighbourhood, as it paralyses the efforts of the opulent to
establish manufactories, beers heavily es the huhtstrious medtanic and
agriculturist, and painfully increases the sufferings of the poor.
" That your pedtioners have patiently borne, and are still content
to bear their full ton of the national bonbons; bet, as the inha-
bitants of the ve and populous district. where Coal and Culm
see praised, me exempt from all dudes themes, while your petition.
ms an estepolied to pay than, your petitioners can but feel that tho
Tax Is onerous, partial, and unjust."
On Meaday se'weight, G. May. Reg, of Rene, returned 20 per cent.
to his masa% en Gale respective rests.
Davis. had amiss le wait ea a member et his Majesty's family on
=rt.. Duda( warmlywMs Midway entered the room, and
Dowses, sheik Mat by tee hand, and add, in about
masa* he should pay another visit to the Theatres.
isizsinesa.—A petition, praying fee the removal et Ike sonless
teem ilbsessms, or that they might not be employed. has bin nu.
remoody siaasd by the inhabitants of that plate. The pedant est
feetk. that fft esemearesee of the ardeans sad machnoies the
maim btu employed at their respective pais in theHseeh-
yesd, nonssas met:hales, as well as *bearers, were dean* of am
play, end wee in coessonence obliged to apply for parochisl mist
A vary misting was kid cm Friday, at Margate, for the pompom of
making a nts he the relief of the jar, when the overseen requested s
rate, amble is amount to that of the corresponding quarter of ha year,
and witheat a single murmur this rate was puma. The sway nose
to a resolution also, of requesting the magistrates, in grating sum-
monses for compelling payment of any parochial rates, to moss the
parties to appear at tl:e Committee Room of the Poor-house, Instead et
at the magistrate's office, to avoid saddling the peer mu with the pay.
meat et be. fad. the expense of summons aid besting.
It is confidead stated that the Coast Blockade Smite Is about to un.
dav a alteration, and that it will be superseded by the
" Guard."
It is reported that the Kent and Sussex Blockade Service are to be
abandoned—that a reduction is to be made is the Royal Marines of 1,000
men—that all the yachts, except the Royal Gone, are to be paid Gr—
and that the Generals and Wended Madsen (held eeapaatMnij by Ad-
mirals and Captains of the Navy) are to be deft away with.—Mage-
Aire Telegraph.
The General OMNI Bossism foe %hi:Woman Divides of linseex,
acmes on at Petworth lea Ilenday. Nerdy SO Magistnin web all;
Mince on the Beath.
This wee about SO pelssoni for trial, on *charges of felony, maim
Insehlog, Amway' antobling. At.
Wass Smart, convicted of stei *lel at Petwortk_ I LAM'
Callomere, for a meek;Mir Outdoors*,
steelleg sets at MOM Imams, for waiving the smog,
them have bon Halo; end Robert Reid, snag eat
atim 441.1 J to
ugton, were severally caand to be Tamported for Seven
Years.
Edward Gobi% &ow Townitind. Arthur Bland, John ft
sties
Ustesd, ileow. and Thoom
on et a threshing-amtidne at Bothant.—Pact Use.
' Tone
illness Smith, George DWI% and Mass leaner, ad err pia
ems prisams—Each One Yews' Ihnprissaint and Hard lama
eantratiammethisdgerpGarmairthiettigr =John Tea,
ROM, Oemge liaddsootollimo .leases. wen win Ida ia de-
iags throshlig Imaline ale limhana, the property stilllion Earn.
,thiL The feet debt was found gniky, end seattnesd t. Sow Teen'
Z=Tesnansace at is expiration et items sentence.—
atieed were acquitted.
!lenge Walsh sod William Woods. fee deettoybg a ohouding
moddne, at Woulans. Each transported for sena yews! .
P
Smith tats Mot Pearce, convicted of desteoping
on="1 Funtlngtoo, dm property J. Rownto• 11Ih Men
pia? naospetatios
Ma Dray, for destreybg a threshing =ebb% at Pordigfia. Iha
=lrof Charles Deka.- „Seven years banolletolalien 1 Sagitsp
.a deur Web_ ,h AI and convicted with the obese Omer,
redo esme Mr" Rack atom yew' transportation, oinemase at
ans Olilebee 1
gbr 11111mbells lir aildhui • thosetaing letter. Twelve maths to
lad klass

A put amber of ethers were comicial of riotously assembling.
and sentenced so diftmeet periods of imprisonment and bard labour,
varying from two years to three 'Depths.
His Majesty will ismer the patron of the Seaman's Hoe=
Ores risk, end webeedhe is. honied Ouse imenally. The
Dominant have mind their arabormadert w pay a liberal donatios in
aid of the funds.
MARRIED—At Teseacesy, Mr. B. G. Davey, surgeon, of Wel.
ma, to Mies ELWIN& liodand.
DIED.—In Brilp.street, Canterbury, Edward Oillam, Esq. 74.
COLCHESTER GAZETTE, JAN. 15.
At the Eras Quarter Sessions were tried, the Teakkg
rioters and machine bashers, Ruben Kahle, James Dere,ltben
vey, William Mies sad John Phipps, for
Wm, the prepay of Ma Wilson, of Walter, a cadge
AU found guilty, sad easteseed to
,seven pea trampastaden !
Ablitt, Blemedledd, Woo Cameo, Newman, lllsntt, Cllmbeell,
and Watling, wise then tried for conspiring to. raise their waste hem
4a. to 2.. W. After hearing the prisoners' camel, the jury .metede
verdict of guilty optima Oladwell sod Wading.—Bads.
and Cams, 7 years transportation each heywA the seas t Olad well,
Wading, and Ablest, 18 menthe' each hard labour in the house of cor.
maim at Chelmsford ; Newman, 15 months' hard labour; Lhasa, 12
months
William Bloomfield and Stephen Bade pleaded not guilty to an 1..
diament preferred spirit than by Mr. John Smith, of Onmat Clacton,
for breaking his datai=machise, on Tuesday, she 7th of December
The primmer Bade guilty on another halleinmt, lie Ineakimg
Mr. Laws's nt Verdict, guilty—laisiguNtemEg
each beyond seas. Thomas Llama, lhatel
HeckshilE were indicted for breaking a
torah. John Wham Verdict, guilty egalitee Pidemees, 1
months' hard laboaresch—those solitary.
Abeam Nemo& who pieadad guilty to se inftimem tweaks
guill4heembiag madden, the peepetty of Mr. Ommicillees, of Orem
on account of Ids-previous good eb.seter, sentenced to
dues ..enIT hard Wmtwo setters.
Wit DMus; or tits pleasaules of Mr. John Girding, was
leaked Drs rim rng perish, rvas Weevieted and seamed to
ale months' had Mess Was lima if Creed= at Cheimaked.
limairds d MIL hem banenillnii by Iba Ilia at Oesferd • and the
=l,,r.zre nrier=eire thba:zughattelen at the Maeda se
es Mr. George Fenn, at
Beaks. watt of Lord Gashed.
Banumon, Jas. 10.-.. We hat as ihnullaut map*? of all sone
pair. Wheat, of a espalier quality. MB* emeoled lea Mersey's
peas ; Buie, was much in end Nos lien la. to le. pa quarter
imam ; 1r ether pais no meht .1
MARNl3D.—'Wednisday Let,itinMi landeß, of Orford.,
to Hannah, eldest daughter if Bichsel Bum ll* of Mama Mall,
Stalk.
ham," ".1
DIAD....At Bowes, Chipping Onp
r.Sass. James . lb*
At Biliestar, the day his wife maw interred, at an advised irs.direil
Bev. T. BP*, Diomedes Minister.—Mrs. Gazed, Wilt of
Owed, test. of Btradbmak.

I

POLICE ammonia

On ILDa At.t..—Joka Clark. a middlo.olpd ailliklllllo Meld Weal
to he s barket maker, was brought before Ms 11MIS linildwater,
ei with etedierg about two pounds of &NM dm the asp et pb,
=la ludlsfact, be was soolased We tilt asp sad TM.
demi the isms, whoa ha aseurted that he MI miss' if at a
-it the smut 1111114 Ad*, howews, is NADA w paid aid. The
ti was token Milli hie, tad les mastoid to . Sint his bod,
mos aiat he said he weal he di—d if be emild go Wilmot Ma piece of
awn a and, peeialeg ha dub asdadasC ssadmole ha ma Shea Into
esaisdy., Oaths way WAS elopes is Sad ObSoilllB la distress,
and that his slissi la esirlatag die oSens vesivit ant to poL
In espl=oeibb ideahhats's ths pilaw soill he lived at
le hara Alb two ea Wag la distress,
Zilt: plash estialse Wiles No 101. he 11.1 boa delves to
steel.
The Ahismas to dos start at der waft at the des%
that ha was Nally OM., and that his but was set to
MIA ha draw emus st the weak resareasd Wm that los 'dike insider
how hs-thsahl digess at the alma
Diestei gawk" $ r belooglog to Se. &idea, was cauweitial to
ammo* peg was ter wilfully braking slam of glass, Woe
fa OL laths despoilaiew at the overseer, bemuse be of to relieve
him
• The essephdesat, hie. Farr, of Fleet.street, said this was not the feu
dos the phooey hods° misbehaved himself.
flow-Stamt.—Four young waterloos. named Dymond, Basun,
Dutelier, aid Still, were brought up in custody before Sir &mum
Bum; charged veldt having wilfully damaged a wherry, the property
of a waterman named Fagan, and also with having assaulted police
constable T 100.
The veteran waterman Heath stated the CM. It appeared. accord.
lug to the statement of the police constable, that between one and two
o'clock on Friday morning, be perceived the Oar defendants is the
Strand, manifesting every disponi ion of being decarlabed to kick up
a row. The constable ordered them abase *sir finis % and am be-
ing followed to Hungerford stairs, they jammed rota a coal barge. and
commenced throwing coals at the polkaing& On being dosely pur-
sued they got into a wherry sad rowed as far as Waterloo Bridge, and
then set the best adrift, which was completely destroyed, by drifting
against the bridge. The complaisant claimed the fragnments of the
coat, and on the advice of his legal friend. the Waterton's Attor-
ney General, detetmloed to rani* the defendants under the Wilful
Damage Act,
Sir R. BMWs regretted that he could only Ins the defendants tot.
each ; and told Fagan that the porde. of the Ines bobbling to the
Crown should be handed to hint. The Magbtrate then held the de-
fendants to ball for masking the constable.
A Jew residing In Holywell-street. named Goodman, appeared to
state that he had that morning been oared a quantity of plate for sale
by a strange mm.
Sir R. Beams observed, that it was rather odd he had just re.
calved a letter from Colonel Anson, son-in-law to Mr. Coke, of Nor-
folk. Informing him that a large quantity of plate bad been moles from
bias.
Goodrum produced the plate, and it was found to correspond nutty
with that which Colonel Anson bad lost.
The matter was put into the bands of &NU, one of the principal
nicer% and there is little doubt that the parties will be brought
to justice.

Smith and Theism Lbws were finally
examined, the former at a charge of stealing two seal skins, of the
value of Ins. each, and the latter with receiving the same, knowing
them to have been stokn.
Dir. S. Phillips, a skis dresser, in itasaell.atreet-dock, stated that be
never suspected the prisoner Smith, who was la his employ, 'until a
customer mentioned that he bad purchased two skins from Moore a
few days before. Moore was taken into custody, when be confessed
that the property was given to his by the other ptisoner.,—The pri-
soners were fully committed for trial.
Wounse-staxwe.—Chas. Brigs*, the elder, and Chu. Brim, his
son, Spitallields weavers were finally examined, charged with having
possession of a large quantity of counterfeit coin, and the eon was also
charged with burglary.
The Acerb seised various parcels of base coin to the swelnal vales
of OIL I is. vie. 64 strewn pieces, $1 balf.arowns, US ski lisp, and
217 shrines, all of them in a prepared state for circidstlon.—They
were committed for trial.
Town-flait..—A mechanic named Swift, was charged with assault-
ing his wife.
The wife stated that she and her husband let lodgings, and unhappily
for his she found out that they had taken some " nasty women" into the
hone; and as she was up to her husband's tricks, she /allowed him
quietly up stain on Wednesday, with a bottle of gin in We hand,
which she saw him give to the women, and when she semonstastol with
him be meshed her.—lie was held to ball.

Tams Peuss.—Williumi Stapp and John Jenhisteoet were
re 'maned, charged with' pitting' a gentlemen's pocket ef his
silk handkerchief, on Nroo&y evening last, in Iltanifordssiseer,
while Mr. Ham was addressing the crowd in frost of Me Mum
Mr. Bantam having ascertained that the primers Weil eld
offenders, sentenced them to three mouths' imprisonment and had
labour.
William Skidmore and George Jones. two notorious thieves, were
charged with committing an outrageous assault on Heart Owen, a
seaman, and attempting to rob Ma.
The sailor, who bad been severely beaten, said his ship was about
to sail, and be could net remain to prosecute.
Mr. BROOM@ sad the case was a most aggravated one, and
the prisoners bed narrowly escaped being committed foe a capital
offence. He sesteneed them 14 three months' imprisonment and hard
labour.
QUZLN-SQUARE...-Wm. Gating was chart with having Wag.
breaking implements in his peremion, with tent to rob a watch-
maker's shop at Kennington. Alois, a policemen, detailed a cemete.
deo which be had with the prisoner on the subject, is which do latter
offered him some money to quit his beat while he did the job. They
cod, and in the morning fie apprehended him with the ontizabit in
itiliion.
milskiagistrate committed the prisoner for three maths to the House
of Cos recital.
A countryman, who had surrendered himself as a deserter, wet
brought before the 'Magistrates. The prisoner raid that, in 1813, he
enlisted in the 06th regiment. but not liking military duty, be deserted
in six months.
The Magistrate asked him why he subendered, after being absent
17 years from the regiment?
Why, your Worship (replied the prisoner), it was my conscience
that made me surrender. I hare never had any rest night or day aim
deserted. I therefore thought it would be best to give myself up, and
, have walked MO miles to sureetider.
He was therefore ordard to be sent to his regiment.
ill......... 1111•••••••••••••••••••
HICGDOMAD.I.RY.

Tits Day.—Fraoklin born, 1706.—50 w celery. carrots, and pars—
nip; trassplant fruit trees ; cover blossoming trees with mats (Tar
plant shrubs and lowers.
Td.moattow.—St. :lowan Lady of grcataccemplishatents,
converted to Christianity at a very early age, acid hurt while yet
in youthtul celibacy by seder of Claudius, 47.
Warnasirmr, William. Compere died, 172 a.
TIEURIDAYe..44 nineteenth Bishop of Home, martyred:
under Declua—Amarills canonised. 17141.
l'arnaw.-lAals IV I. gaillselsed, 179111..--Moon's that quarter.
Ageo—das saint nerved martyrdom subs emir
age d 13, in the MA wend papecution under the Emperor
Dioriesian, in the year of our &IG..

MARRIED.
The MMus& at Tottenham Church, Mr. T. G. Oakley, eldest son
of the late T. (*lacy, lEsq. of Hanger's Lodge, Northamptonshire, to
Mies Net ars. of Tottenham.

DIED.
The We MIL at Cowley-house. Cberacy, Sum, I. Clark Eli
Climisrdahr edit City of Lowden. in the MI year oafs p—The fk
kas. ha her IN year, Arms the only (laughter of Die. &Barkley, of
Os moot North, and Ellesmere, Salep—la Dorort-Morns, Ammo-
Nis. C. Alertly, widow of the late Capt. Plasda,ll.ll. taxi sister
as ill thmetal sad Admiral Paters— At Hillieflos, the loth feet
C. Mialegfae, Fag. formerly of Camberwell, la die 71st yeast kle me
—Tne ati that. at her house, Hart-street, Cmsdad.friars, Dior..l
Now, Wag of the, late J. horny, is the of year Ober agem-At
Merida hill Westithe 12th hut. Mrs. Fuller, room of J. BM
wf Piccadilly, la the 7uth year of her sie—Ths 12th last. addsll is
in DowlfiteWse. the2lls you'd kis testa. J. *.Malt
of St. Peter s Weis, Combrldgt —At her mAimeola B idoce,
Ithe 23d wk. Dim. Ford, relict of the late Commaiore ma
loather of the Dachas of Canakusro. late Corollas St. Aselwalen
The 15th hiss. miser son's house, inWoburo-plocs, lha ADeoel, If
113—The 12th bet. at Denton Panoeses, io ihs f h year of hit att.
Hoary Attissats, sou of the Iles. IV. Cluster, roma of that perish.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
M. m. X.
Manias 4 I Ainswoom .... 4 45

'sass hinted &bd Published by Joss lignti, at As Swat
*erica, N. 1, Piskeet-pipe, Temple Her•
Acevsattescescrtsfress asp yard ef the Mita listrisit I.
Anseetittel tine. the Paurrsas et the lecel N at de
MIN aircicsage excepted) as &ash they xecenaireced am
i WIN is
