MUNICH, Droussan

Considering the many injurious consequences which
the general mourning, ordered for his Majesty, the
late King, would have on trade and manufactures, if
it were to be extended to too long a period, and guided
by the conviction that the memory of the Lite King will
be most properly honoured by a careful regard for the
interest of his people, who were so dear to him ; and
that the grateful recollection of the beloved Monarch
himself,, will live, even without any outward mark., in
the hearts of all his subjects; his Majesty has been
graciously pleased to abridge the general mourning,
and to order that it shill cease with the commencement
of the Easter holidays.

This forenoon we received the Oriental .Spectator of
Smyrna, to the 19th of November. It states, that the
Greek pirates still commit great depredations oh e Aus-
trian navy. In the space of twelve days four mer-
chant vessels were plundered by the Greeks,nearly at the
s .me:place, and the same system of piracy extends over
the whole Archipel +go. The pirates were so daring,
that they sometimes attacked six ve4sels at a time an

.. '

instance of♦bis nccerred between W.) and Metelin, in

which the Austrians beat etff the GI eek ships.
The Oriental Ypedatar cnn•ains an account of the
forces of IBRAHIM PACHA, and cm rects a mistylce isi
one of the F•ench Papers, which represented his losse,
in the Murex at 14,000 men; the ,umber killed being
only 1.400, which is certainly much more probable.

.di—
The French Government, like our own, hts beet
wisely em, loyed in remodelling different branches of
the Law. A Committee of Revision was some time since
appointed to examine into the actual state of the civil
and criminal laws of France, with a view to such a
classification of them as may exclude many of those
Which were passed during the Revolution, but which
are no longer in operation. Ira the Report presented by
the Committee to the Ktmo, there is one curious fAct
which deserves to be mentioned, to shew the fury of
legislation which possessed the madmen who ruled
France at different periods during the Revolution. It
is stated that the first three Legislative Assemblies,
alone, decreed upwards of twenty thousand laws ! The
Constituent A!,embly passed 3,428 ; the Legislative'
Assembly 2,190; and the Convention, 15,414. Every
hour almost, and every event, produced its law

As a financial measure, and no doubt for the purpose
of relieving the exigencies of the State, the King of
SPAIN !Ras recently levied a forced contribution of tea
millions of rials on his subjects carrying on trade and
commerce, and before us is a copy of the instructions,
containing in all nineteen articles, which his Ministers,
under date of 22d ultimo, have tran•mitted to the
several Intendants of the Provinces for its assessment
and collection. This contribution is to continue for
successive years, and commence on January 1, 1826.
By the eleventh article, all those persons are declared
liable to Lois contribution " who exercise the mercantile
profession in any one of its branches or classes, the
term commerce being understood to apply to the pur.
chase and sale of goods, produce, and effects obtained
through the industry of another: The twelfth article
exempts therefrom " farmers selling the produce of
their own crops; manufacturers purchasing articles for
their own woo Its." The Boards of Trade are authorised
to make the collection of this new revenue, and no
doubt they will be induced to lend the KING the ad•
vances upon it which he may require. The proportions
are assessed according to the size and impottance of
each mercantile town and district, and the distributions
are afterwards to be made by the Authorities entrusted
with the collection.

Negro slavery still flourishes in sacral of the States
of North America, forming a singular anomaly in that
boasted land of freedom. There is scarcely a News-
paper published in the slave States that does not con•
tain an advertisement for the recovery, sal; or pur-
chase of slaves. In the case of runaway slaves, there is
usually a clumsy figure of a negro, and the advertise-
ment is not unfrequently headed " Stop the villain."
It appears, by the copy of an advertisement in one of
the Georgian papers last received, that slaves are in
great demand, as a person who doe, not blush to give his
name and address, states that he *lll give " the bighes
cash price for young negroes of both sexes, from ten to
twenty-eight years of age I" It may, perhaps, be thought
that the word slave, in the United States, is only another
name for a servant, but, on the contrary, they are
treate-1 with the greatest cruelty and insult ; and in-
stances are on record of their receiving personal chas-
tisement of almost unexampled severity. •

We copy from the Glasgow Courier of Tuesday last,
the following extract of a letter from the Captain of
one of his Majesty's ships of war, at present stationed on
the coast of Africa, which has been received by a Gen.
tlentan in the neighbourhood of Glasgow :

M PAWS'S l*Litarb, (Oncra or °ono) Sartsxsn► IS.

"On my passage hers I chased two slave vessels ; the first escaped
in the night, and the second i chased into the mouths of the Athol'.
and Bak, and -this hemmed in on all sides, was captured. She
proved to be a Brazilian schooner, with 364 slaves on board,
crammed in such a way that they could scarcely breathe. Two of
them died. the next morning, and several were not expected to Use
"den the vessel parted company for Sierra Leone.

" J sail to-day with the Maidstone and Esk upon s Miles and
the seas are positively swarming with slave vessels.
, "It is the practice among the squadron to keep as much as pos.
sible at sea, never going into harbour but to replenkh our previ-
sions and water; by this means the crews of the squadron escape
the horrible fevers that prevail on shore. General Turner's
European troops are nearly all dead. When I left Sierra Leone,
the mortality was eight a day, and one out of three recovered. At
Cape Coast it is just the same; an Ofiker told me he ha 4 lost eighty
out of a hundred and ten, I have only lost one man. and the
squadron are all healthy, and as the rains have now terminated, we
have a fair prospect, with the blessing of Gon before us."

Mr. Secretary CANNING, after having the honour of
dining with the Kum on Tuesday, at fbe Royal Lodge, Windsor
proceeded to the seat of the Hari of Lzetaroot., at Combe Wood:
The Right Honourable Gentleman arrived in town yesterday after-
noon, from Cumbe Wood.

BRHIIITON, D1tC21,4822 27.—Lady WILLIAII GOR-
ram finds her health and spirits renovated by the bracing
influence of the tout air. Lady CALTHORPI, at her Marine
I residence, entertained a dinner and evening party yesterday.—
About sixty persons were present, including the chief of the Nobi-
lity at present in the town.
This day is the anniversary of the Coronation of
William the Conqueror, at Westminster, 1060 ; of the murder
lof Thomas allteket, at Canterbury, 1t 72 ; of John Chanel being
executed for attempting to murder Henry the Fourth of France,
1594, and of Georlia surrendering to the British forces, 1778.
It appears by a calculation that has been made, that
the payment made on Foreign Loans, Mining Compa-
nief, and other undertakings, during the present year,
amount to the sum of 17,582,7731., Times.
The inhabitants of Greece, thougn the country
abounds with Laing, will neither eat a hare, nor touch it aftir it is
killed ; and so great is their aversion to this animal,that no Albanian
servant can be prevailed upon to take the skin from a hate, or e'een
to remain in the house wheys it is dressed.
AaaivaLs we Cnetvennam.—Lord Ebringdon, Sir T. Hayes,
Major Miller, Major Bellinpley, C 'pain Dtgot, Capt, Weatherall,
Captain St. George, Captain Jar/4.

FASHIONABLE INTE:

The Earl of Harrowhy left town yesterday,
hall, Staffordshire.
Lady Elizabeth Stuart has arrived
St. James's square, from Brighton.
William Dickinson. Esq. M.P. has
per Harley-street, from his seat Ringer(
C. P. ompson, EN. has left town
seat, Ridgewood Lodge, Bedfordshire.
• Henry Clive, Esq. M. P. has kit
for Salisbury.
Sir George Wombwell, Bart. has
borough, Suffolk.
Lady Selsey has I.ft town for West
Lord Althurp bas left Althurp, Ne
in Yorkshire.
General and Mts. Ross have arrived
place, from their seat. Lamer-park, '
Departures from Long's Hotel.
son, R.N. for Chatham; Pujet,
Cobb, Esq. for Melton Mowbray; G.
Lord Stourton has arrived at his seat,
from a tour.

Sir John and Lady Shelley have arrived
Park, Sussex, from a tour.
General Ross entertained a distinguished
day, at his house in Penland-place.

THE Alt

The four Depot Companies of the 2d Battalion of the Rifle Ni,
Bade, marched from Buttevant on the 15th, and arrived at Kinuiel
on the 17th instant.

A Subaltern's Detachment of the 11th Foot has been ordered .0
march from Tralee to Clonakilty, to relieve a Detachment of the
2d Battalion of the MU Bripde, which will then march to Kineale.
The information contained in the STAG of the 28th of October,
relative to the 49th Foot, is, we believe, premature. Both that
Regiment and the 55th Foot are understood to be destined for kr_
vice in the Rau Indies, but at present no Regiments base he,a
ordered from this country to the Cape of Good Hope to relieve
them.

The
issued
iborat

Sgs.
VW"
hoof ;
Wilta
kindll I
Tanta",
eta sax"
of our si

gg We
iberato
a view
ing Inch
to as Plc
cerdfi ,t 1
usheasc
having t
aad aMe

PrWet"
liberal
of DOM(
priv.te
manage:
amount
rdwitireasesicofeeihiaclinevsove:us
tho h
urlkit,agurn;w7td:,,

TELLIGENCE.
yesterday, for his seat, Sari.
I at the Earl of Hardy/ides,
as arrived at his born b t
reenact, Sornersetsbire.
Mfor J. P. Macquemes,
re.
!ft his sett, Barkham, Bea
as left Salmuodharn for A
tt Dean, Sesser.
Northamptonshire, for his
red at their house iu Ponlln
Herts.
Iload•street :--.Captain Ante
et, Esq. oa a tour; Willis
C. Gilmore, Esci. for ditto.
teat, Allertompark, Yorkshir
,rased at their seat, blarethe
guished party at dinner Te!ter
tMY.
