wityMOUTII ZLICTION.

Mr. MACDONALD presented a Petition from
certain voters of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis,
which returned as many members as the City of Lon-
don. The Petition stated, that the pending Bill would
strengthenexisting abuses in the boroughs ; that the
late Sjr W. Pulteney had the power of creating tem- '
porary votes, in order to secure the election of four
members—that his power came into the hands of the
Countess of Bath, and after her to those of the late Sir
Lowther Johnstone, who devised it by will to four
trustees, the Duke of Cumberland, Lord Newark,
Mr. Cathcart, and Mr. Ewer (or Ure) : that the
Duke of Cumberland had interfered with the borough
in the election of Members, and sought, for particu-
lar persons, promotions in the army and navy. Far-
ther, that it could be proved, that for the last twenty
years the rights of the Borough had been held by an
individual. The Petitioners were persuaded that such
abuses could only be controlled by an extension of the
right of voting, which was necessary to secure the in-
dependence of the borough. On the different grie.
vances stated in the petition, the petitioners were
ready to give evidence at the bar. Mr. Macdonald
then moved, as the preferable course, that the petition
be referred to a select Committee to report thereon.
Mr. BATHURST objected to the motion, as un-
sanctioned by the Report of the Committee, which
stated nothing but a specific abuse respecting devises
by wills real or fictitious. The Petition went to a
total reform in the representation of the place, a sub.
- ject not brought under the review of the House by
the Report.
Mr. WEATHERELL said, that the Petition con.
tamed an allegation against the Duke of Cumber-
land, which the House had twice negatived.
Mr. Serjeant BEST could not allow that this Bill
would have the effect of making Weymouth a close
borough. After striking off the fraudulent votes,
there would still remain above 800 freeholders, which
ita
was a pretty sufficient number, without extendin the
tight of franchise. He therefore supported the, ' li,
Alderrnirt ATKINS said, that the Committee ad
never t'.ought of proposing to disfranchise the Bo-
rough, to which length be conceiVed that the Peti-
tioners wished to go.
Mr. W. WYNNE was decidedly of opinion that
the House should hear the Petitioners by their Coun-
sel, before they passed the Bill. He did not con-
ceive that the House was bound to confine itself to
the Bill presented by the Committee, but thought
that they were at full liberty, after hearing the Peti-
tioners, to take whatever measures they should think
most expedient for remedying the abuses which should

appear.
Mr. DAVIES GIDDY thought, that if this Bill
was confined merely to Weymouth, then the Peti-
tioners might of strict right claim to be heard in sup-
port of their claims and interests : but if it was meant
to be a general Bill, affecting the whole kingdom, he
then did not think that they could claim it as a right.
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY called the attention
of the House to the serious situation in which they
stood. They were at all times bound to be attentive
to the petitions of their constituents, and in no case
were they more bound to be attentive than when the
subject of the petitions referred to the right of elec-
tion.—The question now seemed to be, whether the
petition which had been presented to them should be
rejected or heard ? That this Bill was not a general
law appeared plainly from its tide ; and if any gene.
ral law was made out of it, the title and the Bill
would but ill accord. The individuals who peti-
tioned, complained that their rights were much
affected by the proposed Bill, and wished to be
heard, by their Counsel against it. How such a
Petition could be refused he did not see.—(Hear.)
In what light would the Members of that House
stand before their constituents, if, when there was a
complaint of the interference of a Royal Duke against
the freedom of election and the privileges of that
House—if when even that Royal Duke was charged
with making an offer of his interest for a place, in
order to influence a voter—the House did not think
it proper to take any step upon it ; and yet, when a
number of petitioners complained that the effect of
this Billwould be to make the borough more under the
influence of the same Royal Duke, they should refuse
to bear those petitioners ? He thought, that accord-
ing to all former precedents, the petitioners had a
right to be heard, and to prove by evidence the alle-
g.itions of their petition ; and that the importance of
the present case, in every point of view, called for
ruck information being laid before the House.
Mr. PONSONDY and Mr. MACDONALD were-heard in
explanation ; after which the House divided, when
there appeared—Against the motion 102—For the
=nation 37—Majority 65.
On our re-admission we found Mr. BATHURST
moving the Order of the Day for the House going
into a Committee on the Weymouth Election Bill.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT suggested the impro-
priety of any further proceedings on the subject at
that late hour, and moved that the House do adjourn.
The motion was negatived, ,and the House went
into a Committee, in which some discussion took
place. Ihe Report was received, and the Bill or-
dered to be read a third time this day.—Adjourned
at one o'clock.

inamemalli
THE EVENING STAR

..,; LONDON.
. ,

THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1815.

PRICE OF STOCKS MI DAT AT ONE O'CLOCIIC:
Reduced 457 i 56—Cone. 5111--for as. Sat XI-4par COSH
b per Cent. atifir—Boada 2a. die.. —Exck. Bine is. aa. pee.
Bank Stock 217 t 2161 ex. div.—Lg. Ahns.l4 11-16ths

Further extracts from the German Papers, brought
by the Heligoland Mail of yesterday, will be found
in our columns of to-day. They state, among other
interesting particulars, the occupation of part of the
fine city of Dresden by the Russians, where they
have been received by the inhabitants as friends and
deliverers. This morning arrived
ANOTHER HELIGOLAND MAIL.
The justness of our anticipations, respecting the
issue of the conflict in the North of Swope, receives
confirmation every day. The King of PRUSSIA is
the declared ally of Russia, and enemy Of France.
The Hanseatic States, Hesse and Hanover, are in
arms; and even Austria has unequivocally declared
against France, though not yet either by words or
actions. This is not more paradoxical than certain :
it is evident almost to demonstration. An intends:4
may be discovered, not only by acting, but by for
bearing to act. The Russians have advanced into
the Circle of Lower Saxony, determined to continue
their westward progress, leaving their left flank ex-
posed on the side of both Gallicia and Bohemia.
The Austrians have not made any movement for in-
terrupting their march. That they should not, was,
no doubt, a matter preconcerted or well understood
by the Courts of Vienna and St. Petersburgh. To
satisfy the latter that it had nothing to fear from the
former, must have been an easy matter : there was
scarcely any need of so much as a declaration or even
hint from the Austrians on the subject.
The Romans, having a better army than any other
people, conquered the nations one after another, from
the Tyber to the Euphrates. This awful truth was
ever present to the minds of the Italian States, the..
first that were civilized in Modern Europe. Political
writers impressed it on the minds of their Italian
countrymen, and the Italian States and Princes made
various combinations for restoring and preserving th e
varying balance of power. The necessity of maintain.
ing this balance was at last universally recognized by
Europe. From the 15th century to the partition of Po-
land by the Prussians, Russians, an d Austrians, when-
ever any power .preponderated gr eatly in the scale of
nations, the neighbouring powers confederated in time
against it. The folly as well as the iniquity of de
parting from that system, has been abundantly proved
and felt under the iron Empire of BQNAPARTZ. Tbsi
notions within the reach of France, have been for
more than twenty years in a state of slavery. If they'
are wearied of their chains and resolved to be free,
now is the day of salvation, and that they will so,
resolve there is not room for the smallest doubt. The
prison doors are set open to all who have courage to
walk out. The authority of the Tyrant depended
solely on his success. He cannot maintain it long
ally where, except, perhaps, within the precincts of
France, in a state of humiliation.
Italy had, tor not less than twenty years, suffered
under an invasion of African and other nations, con
ducted by the renowned HANNIBAL. The Romans
long maintained posts in different parts of the coun-
try, and held a divided Empire; but reinforcements
arrived to the Carthaginians from time to time, and
the Romans at last were cooped up in, a corner. In
this extremity SCIPIO AFRICANUS proposed to the
Senate to send an army into A frica, that should call
back the Carthaginians for the defence of their own
country. His advice- was taken—ltaly was relieved
—Carthage fell.—They only, who stand on the high
ground of the best political information, are capable
of determining whether or how far it might be pro-
per to act, at present, on the principle of Scipio
AFRICANUS ?—We select the following extracts from
the Mail received this day :

" BERLIN, MARCH ItS.

" His Majesty the King has made an offensive
and defensive treaty with his Russian Majesty the
emperor Alexander.

PROCLAMATION BY THE KING OF PRUSSIA.
41 TO TUE PUBLIC.

gg It is unnecessary to render an account to my
good People, or Germany, of the motives for the
war which is now commencing ; they are evident to
impartial Europe.
44 We bent under the superior power of France.
That peace which deprived me of half my subjects,
procured us no blessings; it on the contrary hurt us
snore than war itself.

The heart of our country was impoverished.
—The principal fortresses were occupied by the
enemy ; agriculture was neglected, as well as the in-
dustry of our cities, which had risen to a very high
degree. Liberty of trade being interrupted, naturally
closed all the sources of ease and prosperity.
44 By the most exact observance of the stipulated
treaties, I hoped to obtain an alleviation for my peo-
ple, and at last to convince the French Emperor that
it was his own interest to have. Prussia independent ;
but my intentions, my exertions to obtain so desira-
ble an object, proved fruitless—nothing but haughti-
ness and treachery was the result.
64 We discovered, but rather late, that the Empe-

nits eaventioas iaore tiOdditi ite hie 1
open *O. • The moment is no* arched in which
no illasion respecting our condition can remain.—
Beandenburghersi Prussians Silesians I Pontera-
nians I Lithuanians 1.-. You know what you have suf.
fered during the last seven years. You know what 1
a miserable fate awaits you, if we do not honourably
finish the now commencing contest.

" Remember former times l Remember the Illus.
' trious Elector, the Great Frederick--Remember the
benefits for which our Ancestors contended, under
their direction—the liberty of conscience—honour—

independence—trade—industry, and knowledge.—
Bear in mind the great example of our allies the Rus-
sians 1 Think of the Spaniards and Portuguese ; small
nations have even gone to battle for similar benefits,
against a more powerful enemy, and obtained vic-
tory I—Remember the Swiss and the Netherlands.
Great sacrifices are requested from all ranks, because
our plan is great, and the number and means of our
enemy not less so.

" You will make them sooner for your country,
your King, than for a foreign Regent, who by so
many examples has proved he would take your sons
and last strength for designs to which you are stran.
gers. Confidence in Con, constancy, courage, and
the powerful assistance of our allies, will favour our
just cause with glorious victory.
4, But, however great the sacrifices that may be re.
quired from individuals, they will not outweigh the
sacred interests for which they are given, for which
we combat and must conquer, or cease to be Prus-
sians or Germans.

66 We are now engaged in the last decisive con-
tests for our existence, our independecce, and our
property. There is no medium between an honour.
able peace or glorious ruin.
66 Even this you would manly support for your
honour, because a Prussian and German cannot live
without it. But we dare confidently ;rust, Got) and
our firm purpose, will give our just cause victory, and
with this an uninterrupted Peace, and the return of
happier times. 66 FREDERICK WILLIAM."

" Breslow, March 17."
THE KIN 4 OF PRUSSIA'S ADDRESS,

ge To MY ARMY—Often have you expressed your
wishes of fighting for the liberty and independence
of your country. The Moment for doing it is now
arrived ; there is no member of the nation by whom
this is not felt. Youths and men voluntarily fly to
arms. What in them is free-will, is to Mott who be-
long to the standing army, a call.

From you, ordained to defend the native country,
she is entitled to demand what is offered by the others.
sg See ! what numbers forsake every thing they
hold most dear, to venture their lives with you in
their countries cause. You will, therefore, doubly
feel your sacred duty !

so May all of you on the day of battle, or in time
of trouble, keep in mind moderation and due disci.
pline. Let individual ambition, be it either in the
highest or lowest of the army, sink before that of all
He that feels for his country, does not think of self.
May the envious meet contempt, when the general
welfare only is concerned!
14 Every thing else must now give way to this—
victory proceeds from GOD I Shew yourselves worthy
of his high protection by obedience and fulfilling your
duties. Let courage, constancy, loyalty, and good
discipline, be your renown I—Follow the example of
your forefathers ; be worthy of them, and remember
your posterity !
A sure reward will fall on him who distinguishes
himself ; deep disgrace and punishment on him who
forgets his duty.
" Your King will always be with you, and with
him the Crown Prince and the Princes of his house.
They will fight along with you.
" They and the whole nation will combat with you,
and at our side. A valiant people will come to our
assistance, and to the assistance of all Germany-2
people that by glorious deeds has secured its indepen-
dence. They relied on their Sovereign, their lea-
der, their cause, their own strength ; and GOD
was with them; so will it be with you, for we also
fight the great fight for the independence of our
country.

,I Confidence in GOD, Courage, and Perseverance
be our word. (Signed)
" FREDERICK WILLIAM."
OFFICIAL BULLETIN.

By the Mail which brought the above, Government
received dispatches, the contents of which will be
found in the following Bulletin;
• WAR DEPARTMENT.
A Dispatch has been received from the Lieutenant
Governor of Heligoland, dated the 30th March :
It apppears, that of the detachment of Veterans
sent by Colonel Rautt.Tox to Cuxhaven, a party,
consisting of one Lieutenant, three serjeants, and 25
men, had marched to Bremer Lee, to occupy the
batteries at that place, and to afford some support to
the insurgent peasantry. The enemy appears to
have collected a force of 5 or 6000 men at Bremen,
and on the 24th a detachment of about 700 marched
rapidly upon Bremerlehe, dispersed the peasants, and
fired the bridge, which was bravely defended by part
of the Bth Veteran Battalion, under Lieutenant BAU-
aZISTER. This Officer, with 12 or 14 of his men,
were killed. The enemy then attacked the battery,
where the rest of the veterans and a body of peasants
were stationed.

T. mph capitglood is the hope of ming

therives. The French eared six or seven *of the
British veterans, but massacred every one of
sants. They then pillaged the town, and
hastily to Bremen.
The French sustained some loss in burning
bridge, and 2e of the veterans, and about
of the peasants, were lost in this affair.

The Russians appear to have.puthed some
sacks towards Bremerlehe. It was reported
Count'iVirroansraiu had crossed the Elbe

A private letter of the 29th March, speaking
the above event, says, that the Commander
little party was shot by a Ruffian, in the shape
French Lieutenant, after he had surrendered
French commit great excesses, and are detested
the inhabitants of the North, who would turn
a man if they had arms, but of these the country
bus stripped by the enemy.

SECOND EDITION.

FARTHER ADVANCE OF THE RUSS:

Private advice% from Heligoland of the
state, that the Russian troops have left Hamburg!'
fur the Weser. Prussian troops from Mecklenburg's
have occupied Hamburgh, and more Prussians
expected. The Cossacks have arrived at Lie
Banks of the Elbe and Weser are entirely
the enemy.

Many Saxon, Westphalian, and Bavarian
have entered the German Legion, after publishing
their reasons in sported proclamations.

Stettin has been summoned, and the besieging ,
neral has had a few hours conference with the Gover-
nor : the people were violent for a capitulation, -
it was expected to fall in a few hburs.
The Emperor of Rust* returned to Kalitsch
the 19th. The King of PRUSSIA entered
on the 23d.
A troop of Westphalian horse bad deserted ,
Magdeburgh, and more desertions were expected.

NAVAL INIELLIGENCE.
TORBAY, APRIL 6.
Arrived another American brig, from
phia for Bourdeaux, prize to his Majesty's
DUSA—this makes the 58th American vessel
by the above frigate.—Wind S.S.W.

PLYMOUTH, APRIL 6.
Arrived the FAVOURITE, of 18 guns, from
she brings no news ; also arrived the CON'
14 guns, from ofF Brest. The Coster, of
went from HamoAze to the Sound. The W;
12 guns, came from the Sound to Hamoaze.
W.N.W. and fresh— of course the Expedil
mains in the Sound, wind-bound. The
still Blue Peter Hying; every officer is on
the whole start with the Erst shift of wind.

PORTSMOU rti, APRIL 7.
A signal is made for a convoy off St. Cal
Isle of Wight, bound up Channel. His
ship BELLF.ROPHON gives instructions for
Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland. Sailed the,
for Guernsey. Came into harbour his Majesty'►
&Axe and Traws.—Wind S.S.E. fine weather,

DEAL, APRIL 7•
Sailed his Majesty's ships ELEPHANT
w.u.L. for off Flushing ; and the Mu Lana.
Portsmouth.

The Countess of Chichester packet has
Falmouth, with Mails from New York and
She left New York) on the 110th of February,.
muda on the 13th of March. We have received
of American Papers by this opportunity
contents have been, in some measure, anticipated
having before had Papers from Boston of the '
March :

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, TEL
SUSPENSION OP THE NON-DITZECOVESE
Mr. CLavas, from the Committee of
Means, made the following Report :
a The Committee of Ways and Means
to report, that they have deemed it to be . dnty,
that the public service may not suffer, that pub••
lic credit may be duly supported to look beyond
Ways and Means of the present year ; and
into consideration the revenue which may be
for the service of the year 1814, that an eu
the probable amount of the revenue which
cur, under existing laws, and be receive'
that year, has been submitted to Congress, .
nual Report of the Secretary of the 1 reasnry,
during the present Session, that comparing the
thereof with the sums which will be probably
quired by a prudent regard to the public credit,
appears to the Committee indispensably necessary
make a further provision—that this may be "
a partial suspension of the Non-Importation
and which will not greatly lessen their ink
fects upon the enemy, by an additional dui
reign tonnage, and by the imposition of internal
and duties—that in their opinion all these -
be necessary to supply the Revenue which
wanted—that it is impracticable, during
Session, consistently with due attention to the
of a nation, to enact the laws necessary to emi
last-mentioned object; but that may be done
difficulty, and without any delay which ma.
rious to the public credit, by an earlier
Congress than the constitutional period, which
be the duty of Congress, or the Executive
Government, to fix at such time as shall
proper and expedient ; that it is, however, nec
that the suspension of the Non-Importation actsoe=
is contemplated,should be enacted at the present session
of Congress, and for this purpose and the imposition of
additional duties on foreign tonnage, they beg leave
to report a Bill They also report herewith a corres.
pondence between the Secretary of the Treasury and
a Committee on the subject of this report.
44 The Bill was read twice, and reported to a Come
inittee clothe whole Souse.",

renvf-ds.
if the pea-
-1 returned
• t
trning the
as many
lome Cos-
irted that
in force.
taking of
kr of the
shape of a
ed.—The
etesud by
urn out to
luntry has
.SSIANS.
Ist
-lamburgh •
.klenburgli
;signs were
übec. The
free from ",
in Officers
publishing
ieging Ge-
the Cover.
ation, and
:alitsch on
d Potsdam
ierted from
spec ted.
1 Philadel.
s ship Mg-
el captured
Lisbon ;
NSTANT, of
f 20 guns,
Vitirimo. of
ere.—Wind
edition re.
ships have
board, and
Catherine's,
ithos
er
steMy
,A Majesty's
eo s
Alonzo,
t zy' s
ships
Quebec,o
weather.
and CORIN
GRAVE, foe
s arrived at
,d Bermuda.
117, and Ber-
siceived files
t, but their
ticipated ;
if the 4th of
ZS. IL
it LAW.
Ways sad
its beg leave
e their duty,
bat the pub-
: beyond
and to take
y be wanted
1 estimate of
lich will oc.
rable within
is, in the an-
miry, made
the amount
p
riet'inihbbe
eternalnroueC e"Cbt.;:7at
'sywic'efe fbb
ew:ut:e taxes
d
;the present
yloneembracebewithoutibusinessothi
ma
r meeting of
which it will
ye branch of
I be deemed
w, necessary
in acts,which

I

I

I

e,

.1111111.111111""1"e"0114
• ,f4P. .84444 r . r., • • • P.

.01

I-

gtiloicamool. swerarwiiniffb Ask
Ipmesdiatelytens44.,T4mlefeltjt
)secur- tors - ' Calla* -nd

. . . ed the PO! -.tutor by 'the .. , Jar, an.. was ______ __
15-, ••• eke' ' . .••••i. t , . ,:! :1-
Yestday these Sessions tot/Inn:aced; beer.- the strikeillit with a Stick, 'soften tlielr friend Itififfilie4
LOG MAY9Re LOTCI,ELLENVROI/Gii, the LOAD Cap' f; and previerited further vidience:-',-The tlefeatVint4ii
"(anon; the Reodatiettlia. ; Whin the following N. fluted guilty, and setae:tired to- pre fine 0f.405. aad
Boners were capitally convicted` i...:W. 'Webb, -fir' to find.snretiea.for twebroinfelths.
stealing a quantity of bed-furnitnre,:ece. the goods df Afr. 'Sr*, a Gentleman
.of Northanaßfunshirt,
A. Israel, in his d,well4Lhouse ; J. Linsley, for:as- vaas tried For in asstiult - upon a. Mr.'Bennitf; the
iaeltitm T. Reid an-theliing'ibighWay • d , antaking prosecutor ; who stated, that -he went 14 ilihe
from his person a mktill'''aipil and key ; W. Bourn , Piety Coffeeobouseit td demand a sum of one htin-
and Mary Bull,*for stealng•three Jel Bank-notes, the I tired PPPPdft from the defendant, the balance of a
Williams
of C. Fiske, in bit dwelling-house ; and IL I debt contracted vritlithe. prosecutor a few. years ago,
Williams and J. Holmeii 'sir stealing SW-yields of at. the hOnie of the prosecutor's.brother. He went to
cloth, the property of 3:Stncliffe, in his dwelling=
the efillife-house it rn- o'clock, and, While the defen-
Ipuse. . . dant * W itdil ner with several Gentlemen, demanded
J. laeol: was indicted for selling 20 counterfeit his Ott hundred pounds, to which the defendant re-
shillings. A woman named Jackson, and tvio offi- plied teat he owed him nothing. The prosecutor
cers el Hatton-garden, stated, that it being known stated; tea: the defendant rope up and paid Vim with
. that the prisoner was in the habit of vending bad a kick on the backside, knOckedhinis down, arid beat
moneraackson was employed to purchase some/au hint black and blue with hard fag, nntil he had driven
-.
from' him, at the rate of five shillings for twenty. him oat of the house. tit •' in
.
They accordingly furnished her with marked money. Mr.•Guatay was heard for the defendant, and
with which she purchased, twenty bad shillings from i_contended that the prosecutor, from his unbecoming
him, at a public-house in Petticoat-lane. She was condUct, merited the chastisement he had received
searched on coming out, and, the bad money only 'from Mr. Scoley.
found on her. The prisoner was also immediately I The CHAIRMAN left it entirely with the Jury, and
taken into custody, and on being searched, the mar- ' they returned a verdict of guilty against the defen-
ked money given was found. In his defence, be said dant. The CHAIRMAN sentenced him to pay a fine
he hodreceived the money from Jackson for a gold of three shillings and fourpence.
broach.—Guilty. --
Bow-sreser.—A short time since, when the Limbericks
G. White was indicted for stealing seven quart bot- I
ties, two pint bottles, and two gallons of wine, theMß
ii inand n
fr sou ih
ot
Go f Huff
oodn iaeoy U
who
hh
oi t e
ls,
.tehr
ee y
resia p pdrtei hige n d
with
were
Edward a
rri It lot lt
p
Property of the Hon. Miss Broderick. The prisoner him, and while the Patrole were engaged with Burkitt in the
lived as butler with the prosecutrix for six or seven plunge of the house, Huffey White escaped by the back pre-
weeks. . Smile of the officers of Marlborough-street mises. Vickery the officer having warrants against Burkitt and
baying information against the prisoner, searched his Goodman, he went to Bristol to bring them to London, and yes-
terday morning he arrived wi.h them. They underwent an cs-
trnrk, in the expectation of finding seditious papers. =Mat,OA __ baore _... Mr. _ N ARM
During the search they found several bOttles of wine, ! Mr. Baker, the Member for Canterbury, attended, and charred
which the prisoner at first said belonged to his mis- . them, together with Haywood, who was in company with Huffey
White some time since, with robbing the Canterbury Bank, be-
tress ; but on the officers saying that they would asks rivaeintw oBand three
,000. years ago, of notes and bills to the amount
his mistress if she allowed her wine to be kept in!' of boat x
such a place, he altered his tale, and said the winel A man who is admitted an evidence, proved his buying of the
• was his own. On okening the wine-cellar, a panne' fell Prisoner Burkitt, soon after the Canterbury Bank was robbed,
down on the head of the officer ; anti it'was also dis. notes and bills, part of those stolen from the said Bank, to the
amount of £BOO, for less than their nominal value.
_covered that a board might be removed close to the'
1.. .Other charges were exhibited against Burkitt, for being con-
ipannei, making an aperture by which a person might cented with Robert Brady, alias Oxford Bob, in robbing thePorts-
&wend into the cellar by the assistance of a ladder. • mouth Mail, on the night of the 12th of April, 1012, of notes
When the wine cellar was searched twenty-eight bot- and bills to the amount of £12,000. He was-also charged with
committing teforgery, in uttering a bank post-bill for £5O spe-
des of wine Were found Missing, •and among them daily endorsed, to Messrs. Masterman and Co. bankers, part of
some pint bottles of Cape wine, similar to that which these stolen from the Portsmouth Mail, which said post-bill was
Was contained in the two pint bottles found in the passed by Stanley, another of the gang, for the purchase of bul-
prisoner's trunk. • ion, of Mr. Miller, in Whitecliapel—The prisoners were corn-
.
mittedfor further examination.
The Jury wisl'ed to taste the wine, and compare it.; Hurrthaty WAlT[.—dlnonceonnsteegaurelicHe
acifywinfonnood weratieosnos being,
of
gre-
still' 1. sample which Miss Broderick had brought • ceived,
with her ; because, as one of them observed, they an intention of visiting Liverpool, the Police Officers were every
on the alert,
were not sure but the bottles might contain' small beer. where and on Thursday evening last, one of them
:vas dodgetd intoh a house in Scotland-road, Liverpool,by E. Pres-
Lord ELLRNBOROUGH said, that the Officers had'
inoson,nenanedo
S.
Celabye
Park-
sworn that it was wine ; and wondered how any onesostabhleesa ,
dwcohnostiambles, immediately,
bit fTou.r surkb--
tadoneoalli
Could suppose that small beer should be put into officers, were dispatched for the purpose of apprehendingy them.
pint bottles, and kept in a wine cellar.— Guilty. 1 On knocking at the door, a woman opened the window, and fur
The following were also convicted of felony
some time refused them admittance; but on hang informed who
:
etrehrreatpenreinugonto bunt
rushed p 4 open the door, they were
W. Taylor, for stealing three gold seals, &c. from ' teywe' soilpermittednertethe person of J. Craddock ; G. Hand, for receiving descended into the cellar, followed b7P‘art Parkinson,
aad Immediately
so,
owher met
me edrahe' tely
a quantity of cloth, the property of S. Sutcliff, know- Haywood; and whilst interrogating him as to his name, &c.
ing it to have been stolen; \V. Catlyn, for stealing a White ran past him, and struck Parkinson a violent blow on the
silver spoon, the property of 'l'. Harris ; Sophia nizsees,cinateen.ding.no
idi.ousbt tos ]cave levelled him, and thereby aid
Brown, for stealing two pillow-cases, the property of • was going forward,tburin
imemweadiatiet
tar
aiotoinedted.a
hro.;stoant seeing
owodha,ts
C. Sharp ; W. Grtnley (alias Linley), fur stealing head, which brought him to the ground, when a desperate scuffle
four loaves of bread, the property of Wm. Senior ; ensued, and in order to put au end to which, the former fired a
pistol that he held in his hand over the head of the latter, to intl.
WM. Border, for stealing a quart of gin, the property .
no: iodrdateer
is him
tm ; ;
twhenhe ot hehe
other
swore begged forhe'd
Ghol
on‘'ys it t it. eb that he
f wouldh not
of Messrs. Pickitt ; Elia. Murray, for stealing four
yards of cloth, the property of Mary Cawthorn ; W. not yield immediately, with which he at length roontospoutet.
Preste
on
Clarke, for stealing a jacket and a handkerchief, the , now called for help from those who were stationed at the outsill
: latter
the house, not doubting but White had killed nirkiii;on, the
. property of J. Nock; Cath. Henricks, for stealing
two shirts, that property of H. Wells • D. Williams, Wells; but
teirt not having spoken since Haywood was knocked dawn;
appeared he had also had a scuffle with White, who in the
. .
~
for stealing a cloth mantle, the property of J. Grif- . conflict had by some accident introduced his finger-between the
fin ;, T. Clarke, Ter stealing a quantity of chaff and teeth of Parkinson, which naturally precluded his speaking, in
- corn, the property of Messrs. Johnson and Price ; t which state he was found by Clayton. The .remainder of their
%W .:Wright, for 'stealing a quantity of beef, the' Pre- loarsttyabeircnnighcealhleoduseln,wanhedn thoeuseerisesnheerinsaecurtned,hthey proceeded,
perty of W. Hughes ; I'. Broadhurst, for stealing a I found a great number of skeleton keys, dark s lanthtoernsee, amiu'tther- •
lamp, the property of G. Johnston ; P. Drisdale, implements for house-breaking, all of which they brought away.
'l': Ansell and I Berne, for stealing several articles i The woman who kept the house is also in custody. Haywood
suffered
eredvery much in the conflict, having received several wounds
on
the earthen ware, the property of Messrs. Burnell and
arrived head with the
d. b
about utt
two
butt-end of r*
the pistol, The prisoner*, we
Palmer ; J. Williams, for stealing four dozen of ' understand,
hours previous to their appre-
. gloves, the property of J. Nicholson; Ann Hamilton, . hension.
,tor stealing 18s. the property of J. Newton, from his i FOXGERY.—On the 26th of February last, a person called at
person ;M. Foward, for stealing 4lbs. of flour, the .the Secretary's Office of the Bank of Ireland, and obtained a draft
, book, under pretence that he was authorised by Messrs. David
property of 'l'. Aris. ! Sherlock and sons to procure the sem., for which he gave a n•
Charlotte Stevens and Sarah Featherstone were indict- ' ceipt, signed John Burke, and one of the drafts from the book,
ed for stealing a watch, the property of Mr. Hill.— 1 bearing date the eth of March, was, on the same day, presented
at the Bank, ant paid as a draft of that firm, for £750, but on
The prisoners were of the age of 16 and 13. They !
a'
rhetohfeGsignaerturew.as forged, together with the stamp and sig-
accos:ed the prosecutor in Piccadilly on the night of ' which e, the chief clerk of the check Leger department
' the 'lilt of February. He had some conversation with , in the Bank.'
, them, and after he had left them he missed his watch. I During last summer, a servant of thename of Johanna William,
The case, however, fell short of the necessary proof, ; lived with Mr. Pierce, on Durdhana Down, who turned her
away on account of a strong suspicion of dishonesty. She after-
and and they were acquitted. -
• wards lived with a Gentleman at Redland, and during her rale
• :R. Barnes was indicted for stopping S. Highfield , dence there, frequently insinuated and reported'
to various
on the King's highway, and robbing him of his hat. ' sons, that she had some knowledge respecting the murder of a
The prosecutor was paising-. along Whitechapel, in! female child, who was found exposed in September last, on the'
rhocks at Durdham Down. This report having reached the ears et
February, when he was hustled by a gang of thieves, I Magistrates for that district, Johanna Williams was ele-
vte/ made an ineffectual attempt to rob him of his i t 4 coned by Charles Walker, Esq. before whom she made
watch. The prisoner, who was one of the gang. weal
, a deposition on oath to the following effect :—That about the ,
' follewed, and secured with the hat in his possession. ; List of September last, Mica Pierce, living with her father, slept
c--Not
in the same room with this deponent, and that during the night
guilty. she was delivered of a female child, who was murdered
fhe n in the
gentleman
The following were also acquitted, viz. Elizabeth room by Miss Pierce, assisted by 'a
Price, Susan Austen, J. Phillips, Maria Johnson, and , Tuckett, who was represented to have.carredothet dead child
Ann Pug. out of the house, and to have left it on the rocks. A warrant ,
was in consequence granted by Mr. Walker, to arrest the parties
charged with the horrid crime, and they were brought before
the hlagistrates for examination: when J. Williams positively
swore to the person of Mr. Charles Tuckett, as being accessary
to Miss Pierce in the murder. Upon her cross-examination,
however, several circumstances appeared, that proved ihat her
testimony was false ; and after the expiration of several hours,
Mr. Tuckett clearly proved an alibi, by producing witnesses to
ascertain that he was in his father's house in Bristol at the time
he was charged with having been at the house on Dardhem
Down. Two witnesses were also produced by Miss Pierce, who
slept in an adjoining room, on the night in question, and who
swore diretly contrary to the testimony of Johanna Williams.
This infamous woman, then finding that no subterfuge remained,
confessed that the whole account was a fabrication of her own, for
the purpose of revenge against IVliss Pierce.—Briria Journal.
Race—At Henley on Thames, on Monday evening, the
Mills, called" The New Mills," a paper mill, occupied by Mr.
Thome, Simmons, and a Sour ttill, occupied by. Mr. John White,
were entirely dent oyed by fire.
A few days since, a fire broke out in the warehouse of Messrs.
Flint mad Hilton, bruslemaoufacturers, neat the Magpies public-
house, in Lincoln, which destroyed the whole of the Interior of
the premises, together web nearly all the neck in trade, working
utensils, &c. Ihe damage is estimated at 42000.
A fire happened on Monday night In the"extensive cooperage
belonging to Mr. Wood, in Three oakszlane, Hoeslydown,
which at one time threatened destruction to the wholepremises;
but was happily extinguished, after destroying a part of the build-
fag in which it began.
A fire broke out on Tuesday night, in the colour manufactory
of Mr. Macpherson, in Union-street, Southwark, which did
great damage to the building.—The accident was occasioned by
one of the coppers beieg over-heated.

• . .
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, .4P.RIL 7.

J. Cetar, a butcher, was indicted for an av,ault
on his wife, to whom he was originally a jo%rney-
man. On cl:anging his situatio, he treated her
with great brutality.
Mr. WALFOHD contended it was only gentle cor-
rection, the stick made use of not being thicker than
his thumb.

The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Watson) observed, that the
butcher's mode of castigation was not admissible in
law, although the wife still was compelled to cohabit
with her castigator ; and. alter a verdict of Guilty
against the defendant, sentenced him to pay a fine of
40s. to the King, and to find sureties of the pace for
one year respecting the King's subjects at large, and
more especially towards his wife.
-

J. Pritchard, a Captain on half-pay, was indicted
. for assaulting a Mr. Deschemant. The prosecutor,
not being satisfied with the evidence which the de-
fendant had given in a trial in which he was con-
cerned, circulated a report that his evidence was not
consistent with truth. On the morning of the 15th
of August last, they happened accidentally to meet
.at the house of a mutual friend, when the defendant
aid, 44 am I so fortunate as at last to metrt the man,

BIRTH.
Thursday, the I.ady of Captain Fuveke, of his Majesty's Alp
Royal William, of a daughter.

MARRIED.
Captain Welder, 35th regiment, to Catherine, daughjer of the
Rev. John Gay Fitzgerald, Glebe Lodge, 1490 Chkur*Y.

s• FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION,
At t!a Costow-ilouse, Deal: on Monday, the 14th day of Aprils
tut 1' Tseolyglock in the Aftepern,,
TIAY944ItRKW GOODS, us stuulry Lots,
NIZ.
s 8 'Gallons /Andy 20 Skeins Raw Silk
SS Da of, Oenesta, net Of legal 4 liory Parasiol-Sticks •
Strength for Dealers • 19 Pairs Cotton Stbekbiall
4 Rust 9 India Muslin Dresses
27 Do. Ports 1V 14 Pieces Wearing Apparel
V Prints 1' Piece French Cambric
4 Lacquettd Boxes coats's- Lem nelian Necklaces
blelPesreeossees• • it Fur Tippet.
7 Ita Stiwis
V‘ h'ifi ma bsrevtmlag..ol itstoptipg of tilts. Da of
le.t'
j*-• Titrty-ris e per Vat. will Be revired as 0,
ode,
'SIB9 •• 'KS; And
mrEtts;• i laideiti IFlie Winch:
oembe, Cloodestersbke. 1/leoakllintrr II well headed, and
einady fit for the Nary: Wirh a large proportion of PLANR
41.09174 and:None of *erfiltrit.dhltensloos. Masco( the Ash
Is votarkahly good.—The ;rester tart of the Timber stands in a
iitnettub folieVatried of -wkkconvenjence; and within one or
mo; miles Of•Winecteoinbe,.trtsti Whence a Turnpike Road leadi
to Teordunbqry, and kneel be carried thence on Vie Severn, Rea
to anypprt of-the Kingdont,
For a view of the Timber, apply to Mr. William Traland,
Sudeley Lodge, near Winclronabg;ssndto treat fur the mote. to
Mears. Webb, Webb, Ind .4:tteetiod;ll4llthery.• •
FOR FEVERS. aittia c 91.0 4, ar.
• DR. JAMES'S 'WDF.R. • • •
IrrHIS celebrated Medicine which has 'been esta.
Wished nears veiny years; stiltreigns unrivalled as 2 fi.ll-6
tune. Imitat'.ons have ben introdieed by niedir.atmen, but none
(a; candidly allowed by themselves) with equal efficacy, certainty,
and safety ; and when the original Powder can be promred, and
health and life are at stake, who' would trust to the equivocal
merits of any substitute ? It is the best remedy for Fevers, In-
flucnzas, Measles, Sore Throats, Rbeumatisms, St. Anthony'.
Fire and all infiammatory Disorders; and has prt:Vell 14er/' Mo.
cessful as an alterative in chronical cases, and in curi),ilaitito
thought even heyurd the resets of Medicine. Amide dirtC
given, so that it may be administered with canfadenre*
'sons remir e from medical *daisy.
Sold by F. Newbery antrtionl, NO. 4594. Poore Chords Tall 4
in•padtsts, 2s. 93. each; oc a dozes; in a plot* (as made up foe
flicarnty or navy) price sel. is.- But olsrvi, that the word.
F. Newberg, No: 4.5, St. Paul's," are engiaved in the stamps.
be had also at Dr. James's latehouse in Breton-street.

DIED.
At Stoke Cottage, Plymouth Dock, on Sunday evening the
4th instant, Mrs. Stnithi wife of- W. R. Smith, Esq.
Monday se'nnight, at Plymouth, Captain Thatsher, of the Ist
Somerset
Tuesday se'tinight, after a few dayi illness, Mrs. Outon, aged
3:s, wife of Mr. Outon, Purser of his Makiity's ship Endyntion.
On the Sath of February last, at Cadiz, Walter Macey, Esq.
Purser of his Majesty's ship Stately.
At Pukhurst Barracks, Isle of WigkairCaptsin Charles B)-
grave, of the Staff of the army depot.
At Christchurch, Hants, Captain J. Noire% It, N.
At Chichester, Joseph Kirkman, Esq. Captain' la the Royal
Navy, aged Gil years.
Ow the 23d uk. at Moat Hall, Mary, the wih of the Rev.
Claudius Buchanan, D. D.
Lately, at Halifax (America,) Mr. Wm. Hurst, Mate of the
Prince Rigetit. His death was occasioned by the bursting ct a
gun fired as a signal for sailing.
March 23, B. Radcliffe, pg. in the sph year of his age, 55
years of which period he was envied hi the service of the .tamp
Office.
Friday sennight, at Ramsgate, .after two days illness, Mr
Peak, surgeon. '
Marcia us, aged 49, Mrs. win, Mire of Mr. Spencer Main,
Who formerly kepi the Assembly-rooms at Stamford. She lost
her life ftom her shawl taking fire on Monday morning, while she
was is the act of reaching something ti um a oh; inney-pleas. Be-
fore -asiistance mched her to extiugid di the fi.mes, she was so
dreadfully burnt, that she died in consequence cm 'Tuesday morn-
ing. It is qalitijfabli,2,4l44t 041111:4 former wile Wa, alsu
toll-rith.

ADVICE. .
HEN Men of Education aid professional ski!l
use persevering endeavours to discover the molt sate and
zertaki mislead of treating a few prevailing Diseases, the sumer
rul rank of their experience le the hew Peng' of IlePeraority.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. Surgeons, have:beep induced to nalthe
the cure of the following the object of their 'articular study, Itlx.
a certain Disorder; frequently contractA t a moment or beat.
cation, and ks concomitants. Str.ctures sea Gleets, which, by
an improved plan, are speedily and illenieally:'eured.; as also de-
bility, whether arising front Bacckan.inan,SM)dgencce, tong real,
dente Ic -warm climatei, ar a secret solibirY eke, too of en un-
happily punaed by the youth of both sefes, I i the one counts
sterility or barrenness, and ialt the other a nnmerousandu °intr.
vous diseases, which, if not timely remedied, tqrinhesititt Mew-
tegee and cousiwiption. In that distressing memo{ els.bility or.
deliciency, whether the consequence of such' bainunl 'habits, or
arising from any ocher cense, by which the powers or the coned.
union become enfeebled, as regularly educated Surgeons of Lou.
don, they offer a atm, safe, set -seedy restoration to souruland
vigorous health..
l he result of a long and extensile practice has enabled them,
by a superior method, to remove venereal, contelainttu however'
nveterate oseomplicated, without • subjecting the patient to the
least meriting in diet or exercise; and in recent Casts where ass
early application is made on discovery of the tameness, they fre-
quently perform a cure in 'the slime space of two days. The stn.
.necedented success of their mode of treatment (which has never
iseen known to fail in one single Instance lu a practice of IS years
during which period many thousand persons of both sexes lava
been cured, even after severe and isjurio.is methods "hail home
pursued by other. Practitioners without gees), induces theta tes
thus publicly oiler thee advicu.
Messrs. Ooss' and Gi. excloeively professing the cure of thew
particular compLfats, In order that they may not be, by a
!aistiken few, mulled with the obloquy so justly attached in
The ignorant empiric, think it but justice to themselves to slats
that rite); have been properly educated mid initiated Into every
branch of the profession (certificates of which, from different
Flostiltils, and testimonial. front the most eminent Physicians.
they Babe to convince any *cluing) that the success resitting
from thek endeavours first induced them to quit the pracdce'ut
the general I ractitioret. and they presume thsu their pretensioll3
constitute a fair ground for the unprecedented confidence with
which they have, by the Public, been so liberally bosomed.
Patients in the country sre,requested to state the particulars
of their case, age, and manner of living, enclosing a 13aalitlauta
for advice and medicines, and the same will be locWridud i any
part of the kingdom.
GOSS and Co. Stamens. IS Bouverie-street. Seetortever.

SOCIAL HA.PPINESS.
M
ARRIAGE should be the foundation of Social
Happiness, which is often disturbed through the parties
that form the union not taking those precautions which would aa
cure them the enjoyment of that great doinestic blessing. People
of every tank pay adoration to the shrine of wedlock ; but whims
the constitution has been tainted by disease, or debilitated by a
certain habit Contracted at an early age, a renovation of stability
previous to entering that state is indispenslbly requisite to review
the slumbering sparks of life, and to reanimate the system. Far
no disorders have contributed more essential* to destroy Hyme-
neal happiness than those which are the consequence of unguarded
pleasure. It was this consideration which induced Messrs.
'CURRIE and Co. for these last twenty years, to direct their Stn.
'dies and practice exclusively to the treatment and cure of the Vss.
nereal Disease, and the disorders arising therefrom, as also to that
derangement of the system, produced by the destructive habit of
the inconsiderate school-boy, which brings on those distressing
Debilities and Deficiencies that prevent or embitter the Matti.
rnonial state. The successful result of their plan, gives than
additional ardour to oppose the ravages of these complaints,
which are the most important in the catalogue of human init.
mities. It behoves every person who has indidged in this soli.
tary vice to seek relief by consulting professional men of emi-
nence and honour, to which Messrs. Currie and Co. elaitn the
n sanctioof scholastic authority, as well as the testimony of an.
contradicted facts. Its professing the cure of these complaint;
they hold out no inducement to vice •, but, sensible as all men
must be of the existence of such calamities, they oiler their assis-
tance as regularly-educated Members of the Royal Colleges of
Surgeons of London and Edinburgh.
Messrs. Currie and Co. have selected the following letter from
the many they are. daily receiving, from Gentlemen returning
'them thanks for their restoration to sound and vigorous health.
It was sent to them unsolicited, front the son of a Noble Earl,
who had laboured under this distressing and painful malady for
ten years • he bad been under the care of several Surgeons f
professional eminence, none of whom afforded him peril .went
relief; but from the supetior mode of treatment adoptt..l and
pursued by Messrs. Currie and Co. Le received a radical cure in
the short space of one month.
To Dr. Currie; 107, Hatton-Garden.
" Lord feels great pleasure in communicating to Doctor
Currie the perfect re-establishment of his health, in consequeoco.
aids mild and ado: table treatment of Strictures In the Urethm.
He may add, that he Las not for many years enjoyed so much
comfort and freedom from pain; and he entertains no doubt
his having obtained, through his skill and attention, a pet feet an
radical cure of that horrid complaint. As he was tint a stranger
to the manner that others treated the complaint, he has it in Litt
Power, from a fair trial and a jtot comparison, to an that •ributo
of applause to Dr. Currie which he sensibly feels and shad ever
he most ready and wilhng to acknowleage.'
Messrs Currie and Co. may be consulted by patients of either
Sex, with the greatest secrecy and honour, at their house, No
107, Hatton-Barden. Patients in the country art. requested to
state the particulars of their case, age and general habit, of living,
and ir.rinsing a remit unee for advice and medicines, whets tbt
same will be k;i4en or sent to any part of the kingdom.

HIGH WA'l Ea A LON/lON BR MOH TO-MORROW.
Morning.. ••• •••••••• • V••••••••••••••• MS minutes after it
Afternoon SI mitintei after 9

LONDON : mated by Livia'. Kafir, Picket elate; ;IRO
pnViobt.l thre4 an 4 at th• S;or-OI5r•! Twilit-bar
