NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The Boreu, Walker, from London to Hamburgh, was on .
on the Whittaker Sand yesterday.
Max, Aram 10.—Wiad W.S.W.—Arrived from London. it,.
Albion, Pollard, for Miramichi ; Kingfisher, Rayner, for Quebr:
Sarah, Roome, for St. John's; Thomas, Stoddart, for Quetk.,
Anne, Boyle, for St. Helena ; Exmouth, Greig, and Erideavoin.
Co a, for Quebec; Justin, Keay, for Halifax ; Frances, lien is
for Quebec; Quebec Packet, Atkinson ; London, Falkner ;
Canning, M' Leller ; Liddel, Thompson ; and Cicero, Robertut,
for Quebec ; Crown, Barker, and James, Walton, for Miramick*
Aram 11.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived from London, the linifrt
Kingdom, and Elizabeth, for Jamaica ; and Regulus, for Antitto
The outward-bound remain.

l'orramouni, Aram 10 and 11.—Wind W.—Arrived his lc.
jesty's ship Briton, from Honduras—sailed 26th December, from
Vera Cruz 19th January, from Tampico lah February, and 11.
vannah the 2d oh. Has 800,000 dollars, and a small quantity of
cochineal, on board. Sailed his Majesty's ship North Star, for th•
West ladies.

FALMOUTH, APRIL 9, Wind S. to S.W. and 10, S W.—Arrived
the Magnet packet, from Lisbon—sailed 4th instant. Sailed tl,.
Duke of Marlborough packet, for Lisbon ; Briseis packet, 61
Brazils ; Echo steamer, with mails for the Nlediterratiean ; Rec..
deer packet, for Jamaica and Carthagena ; and Ilaracouta pack.•.
for Halifax and Bermuda.

PLYMOUTH, Aram 10.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the Jack•u
Lantern, —, from Terceira, and I'olpero, Amery, from Macaw

NATIONAL CEMETERY.

The practice of interring the dead in the midst of th •
habitations of the living has long excited the surprise and horror
strangers, and could not be endured in a state in other respects r,•
" well policied" as ours, but that long custom has rendered the great
majority ot' the people insensible to the disgust which so revolting an
usage is calculated to produce. The indecency and unwholesome..
ness of filling churches and church-yards, in the very heart of the
metropolis, with the corrupting remains of humanity, are so ob-
vious, that there can be no que.t inn of the propriety of following
the example set us in this respect by other nations. A plan has
lately been proposed for establishing a cemetery at some short but
convenient distance from the metropolis, and drasings representing
the various general details of the design are now submitted to the pub.
lie inspection. They are the work of Mr. Francis Goodwin, an ar-
chitect of celebrity, and they are extremely creditable to his invent lot-
and good taste. The principal, and in a public point of clew, tin
most important feature of the undertaking, is that a place o;
burial will be provided, without the city, in which interment•
may take place at, as is estimated, lea than half the charges de
mended in churches and other places now resorted to for the same
purpose. In addition to this, however, Mr. Goodwin has conceived
the plan of making the cemetery a very magnificent display of c.r.
chitecture, and which, it it shall be carried into execution, will prove
one of the greatest ornaments to our metropolis. The drawings and
plans, which are now exhibiting at No. 2, Parliament.street, ire.
present the form in which this is to be effected. A square of about
42 acres is to be planted with trees and flowing shrubs, and Jai!
out as a garden this square is to be surrounded by a double
cloister, with open arches at the sides, commanding vies,' of the
inner and outer spaces of the cemetery. In the garden are to h
erected temples and mausolea, which will present Jac similes m
some of the most celebrated remains of Greek and Roman atchitee.
lure, and which may be made places of exclusive interment for per.
sons whose wealth shall enable them to appropriate them for such
purposes. The space beneath the cloisters is to be divided into ca.
tacombs for private individuals, and the pillars which support the
cloisters will furnish space for the erection of tablets and other moan.
menta. Various edifices, and of distinguished beauty, are to be buEt
at certain spaces round the whole of the enclosures : the entrance is it
be through gates of a similar character, and a t estoration of the Panhe.
non is to be placed in the centre. The outer space surrounding the
cloister is to he dispersed somewhat after the manner of the burial
ground of Pere la Chaise, and to be used for interment and for the
erection of monuments. At the further angle of the inner encloser,
the cloister is to be continued in a semicircular shape, and tl:is par:
is to be devoted to the burial of persons, distinguished in science o'
art.

The design is extremely beautiful, and is worthy of publin.
encouragement, not only ter the skill and ingenuity which it
displays in the artist, but for its public utility. The work i•
proposed to be carried into execution by a company. On:
thing alone appears to be wanting, and this will in all pro-
bability be supplied when the undertaking is coatpletcd—.Fees•
is, that the ceremony of funerals shall be math: less expinsire •
and more decorous than they are at present. A funeral
u is commonly seen in the streets of London is mare like
one of the grotesque mummeries Introduced into ptuitomim3 than
the solemn business it purports to be. Ridiculous aatl disgmting
u It Is, the evil does not stop there : the expense is beyond all en.
durance ; and many persons, from an amiable but mistaken drairr
to testify their respect for those of whom death has deprived them.
are put to charges which they are often very ill able to bear, and
which are besides perfectly useless. If the company who are to
have the direction of the proposed cemetery extend their design to
the establishing a system for conducting funerals at a reasonable ex-
pense, and in a more becoming manner (which may be effected by
a moderate exertion of good sews), they will confer a very import.
ant benefit on the community.'—ftiorniny Paper.

The severe frost which took place during the last week.
haa, In many cases, entirely destroyed the hopes of a crop of epricots
this year—Nottinehan Journal.
STATE Or THE LABOURING CLASSES.—In .ix davS
67 ton 9 cwt. of coal was hauled into Frome, from Rad-
stoke coal works, (a distance of 8 miles,) in 300 trucks,
drawn by 392 men, 34 women, and 294 children, ail har-
nessed like cattle. Our Correspondent asks, "is not this
equal to West Indian slavery ?" It is much worse. Tls
masters of slaves value them, as worth so much per ho,,
and take some care of their property. We presume
it would be against their interest to work them or starve.
them to death. But the haggard countenances, the filthy
rags with which they are covered, their comfortless homes
and starving children, their self-degradation to the work
of beasts of burthen, to get much less than suflicienc y
of potatoes and salt for their famishing families, show
that no regard in this land of enlightenment and chris-
tian benevolence is paid to the health and well-being
of our suffering artisans, whose value, individually, is
much more than that of slaves, did not tho artificial
system of the unwise and selfishness, prevent their
capability of bringing their rowers into exercise. If
Frome were a solitary instance of this degradation of
human nature, of this want and wretchedness, which
makes man to supersede the use of horses and asses, we
should be inclined to believe that the country were no:
in so rotten a state as to preclude the hope of amend-
ment; but our Parliamentary reports, and every article
of intelligence relative to the state of the country, confirm
the distress to be more or less in all parts of the kingdom.
If so, the production will be less; our commercial gain,
less ; and the taxes will every year become more and more
burtheneome, until their pressure will be more than the
people can bar. The customs and excise duties are derived
from the industry and the capability of purchasing filed
and raiment of the people. Therefore it stands to reason,
that if 3 or 4,000 persons in Frome, instead of buying
sugar, tea,, and beer, live upon potatoes and salt, and
drink water, the grocers must lose their custom and
pay less duty; and not the 4,000 only discontinue the
use of exciseable articles, but the grocer who loses his
custom, and the fanner, who is necessitated to sell his
wheat, butter, cheese, and meat at a less price, throill,
the same want of custom, must likewise &minis'.
the consumption of articles on which the duties are im-
posed. We say if such a state of things is general—it
so many of the labouring population, instead of being
customers to the tradesmen and farmers, are only a
burthen on them, claiming maintstinance from their
diminished means, are to be found in all our manu-
facturing towns, such distress must ultimately be felt
by all classes of society. It will pervade our vil-
lages as well as our towns, and will diminish the incomes
of the landholders. That this progress towards decay
will go on, while the taxes press against the freedom of
commerce, there is no doubt ; and we think it high time
that our ministers should begin to look about them, to
divest themselves of those fallacious principles, which
prejudice or self-interest propagates; for it requires a
mighty arm to be at once put forth to arrest the evils
mow so insidiously operating, as to deceive many until
the day of calamity comm.—Keener Bath Journal.

SPIRIT OF THE. SUNDAY PRESS.

—" Collectett, combined, arranged, compared, dissected, amended,
and circulated."—A NASTAIHOIS.
THE REVENUE AND THE COUNTRY.—.What CAM out on
Monday was no comedy—THE QUARTER'S REVENUE !—a word
of fear ! In brief, then—for all our reasoning on the subject would
not add anything whatever to the force of the naked facts themselves
—in brief, then, the Revenue has fallen the FOURTH or A MIL.
time upon the quarter; EIGHT HUNDRED AND SIXTY-FOUR
THOUSAND POUNDS upon the year. The year 1829 was itself a
MOM unfavourable year—so that we are in a progressive state of re-
gular and rapid defalcation. Rut worse remains to be told. The
Excise has fallen THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND POUNDS upon
:he quarter--ONE MILLION AND FIFTY-EIGHT THOUSAND
PouNns upon the year ! Here is a dreadful proof of the utter mi.
fiery of the consuming classes—of the gradual sinking of the middle
fullers into pauperism. In the year 1831, if the system con.
tinues, we shall find that the Excise will have sunk Two
MILLIONS more. We speak advisedly. Even the branches
if the revenue which are prosperous, contain the marks of
libtress. The customs have increased—but increased by the
ma importation duties. Of what is that a proof ?—ot pros.
? Alas ! no ! it is a proof of the ruin of the British farmer.
Had he flourished, the customs would have fallen. Every pound of
the increase in the customs costs the country five pounds. Another
prosperous branch is the taxes ; but here too " deficiency" is at
work. On the year the increase is 330001.—0 n the quarter, but
6.5001. If this branch of revenue had really been increasing, (and
that it is not so, is no fault of the collectors) tile quarter should have
exhibited an increase of 13,5001.—m0re than double the actual in.
crease. It is useless to discuss here what wcrethe causes of the increase
—it is obviously, and on the face of the documents, on the decline.
Even the Times, the only Ministerial paper worth speaking of, ad-
mits that—in looking over the several items of increase and dimi.
nution, it is impossible not to be struck by the fact that the princi-
pal scat of reduced revenue is that which indicates a diminished
consumption of almost 10 per cent. in commodities taxable to the
excise. THIS, UPON THE FACE OF IT, Is A DECIDED ritooP
OF AN INCREASE OF POVERTY AMONG THE PEOPLE. And
what has occasioned that poverty ? Nothing but the departure
from the principles of commerce and finance, which made this
country what it was. No foreign power could have inflicted the
injury upon us that the free trade quacks have done. In this
case, indeed,

England
Rath made a shameful conquest of herself.
And unless we retrace our steps, every succeeding return of
revci:oc will be more deplorable than the last.—The Age.
—4 I t does, indeed, seem" useless to discuss the causes" of an appa-
rent, and at best a very inconsiderable, increase, which is so alarm-
ingly counterbalanced 'dy the ruinous certainty of such a falling off.
And yet, in the face of incontrovertible facts, such as would war.
rant even more startling anticipations than " the AOE" has put
forth, we see the "March of Mixisterial INTELLIGENCE" indi.
rated by the sagacity of political economists, who can ascribe all
our calamities to " the state of the weather"—and censure those
who are horest enough to proclaim to the world that " MINISTERS
and not THE SEASONS" are to blame."—En. STAR.]
THE REVENUE AND THE SEASONS I—We stated in The In.
relligenee of last week that the returns of the Quarter's Revenue
would show an increase in the Customs, and that, as symptoms of
national improvement had been manifested, it was probable that the
deficiency of the Excise Returns, as compared with the correspond.
ing quarter of the last year, would not be very great. Some additional
returns, between the publication of our statement and the making up
of theaccounts, caused the deficiencies of the Excise to be of rather
greatercxtent than we had anticipated ; but that decrease, although
large, was not so large by a great deal as had been expected a few
weeks ago, and it certainly does not result from the distressed
state of the country. It may be explained from other causes. The
past season has been very unfavourable to malting, and in addition
to that reason for the stagnation of that branch of trade, there has
been an unwillingness amongst maltsters to employ their capital In
their business, on account of the supposed uncertainty of the continu-
ance of the malt duty. IVith respect to the Customs, we may state
that the actual increase on the permanent duties is greater than it
appears. In the corresponding quarter of last year, about 97,0001. was
derived from corn duties, and we believe not a farthing in this quar-
ter; so that, deducting the 97,0001. from the April quarter of
1819, there will remain an actual increase on this quarter of
178,000 L This result, we think, bears us out fully in taking a
cheering view of the Revenue Returns as compared with some former
accounts; and authentic information from different sources enables
us to assert that the symptoms of national improvement are deci-
dedly of such a character as to raise favourable anticipations for the
future. In making this statement, however, we desire particu.
tally to disclaim the idea of establishing, upon an improvement
in the revenue and in the general trade of the country, any argu-
tnent in support of the measures of the Ministry, unless it can
be shown that inch improvement necessarily results from those
measures. On the same ground we protest against the conduct
of those writers who found, upon a real or supposed deficiency,
an attack upon Ministers, as if the persons who compose the go.
vrnuncut of the country could be fairly held responsible for the
variations of seasons, the fluctuations of trade, and the caprice of
taltion. Persons who pretend to have the welfare of the country at
heart ought to be ashamed of making a subject of such general im-
portance a mete party struggle ; and political economists would do
well if, instead of lauding or decrying ministers for that over which
that lave 11U centroul, they would apply themselves to an impartial
consideration of the causes which really affect the returns of the re.
venue, giving to ministers the applause due to them for those mea-
sures which I:are an influence in promoting favourable returns,
without at the same time increasing the burthens of taxation, and
G!.llr.ing them only when it can be shown that ministers and not the
asons are to blame, and that the acts of the government have a direct
influence in causing a falling off In any branch of the revenue.—lntef.
What a pity it is that our contemporary should keep the " authentic
information" he has received " front different sources," so uncharit.
ably to himself I Why not, by divulging some of the Slate secrets
which he hints at with such an air of mystified authority, afford
mate little consolation to the country—some rational ground for
cherishing even a hope of witnessing " any symptoms of na.
tional improvement"—some plausible pretext for entertaining any
" favourable anticipations for the future?" If the " INTELLI.
6r.tecE," even on the faith of such " ofEcial communications," as
he loves to boast of, will point out to us any owe "measure of mi.
nisters" which has had "an influence in promoting favourable re-
turns, without at the same time encreasing the burthens of taxa.
tton,"—we pledge ourselves not only to forego all opposition to
them, hut

" To applaud them to the very echo—
That should applaud again."
But till then—we must declare, it appears to us little leas than bias.
phony to arraign the goodness and the justice of PROVIDENCE for
..datnities which are the consequences of human folly, ignorance,
• imprudence.—ED. STAR
Cot outzaTtoss or ALGIERS.—In France the cry is " War,
t'.o! against Algiers;" and from the complacency with which the
!neat body of the people look on the preparations, it is clear that
they feel not a little elated at having the excitement of a contest
bestowed upon them, after a peace of 15 years duration. Specu.
L4lOO "on the alert among the Parisians, and so confident is the
Lelief that the place is not merely to be Ennowtheel, but to be taken
pmsession cf by the French, " to have and to hold," that reams.
✓ah urs and proprietors of Cafes are already preparing to follow the
itmsment. This is a little like giving away the bearskin be.
tore the bear is killed. We do not remember that even in London
we had any thing so bold as this. When, during the late war,
expeditions were fitted out against the Cape, the Mauritius,
Ind other Colonies, we cannot recollect that preparations,
corresponding with these of the Parisians, were made, to.

render victory so immediately the source of commercial benefit.
The force destined to act against the Der is certainly formidable,
but he, no doubt, is welt informed of what his enemy intends. Our
Government he perhaps expects will eventually declare in his fa-
vour, when it shall be attempted to render Algiers a French Co-
lony. As yet we have been unable to learn that they in any way
countenance the plan. Austria, we know, is decidedly opposed to it.
England admits the tight of France to claim reparation from the Dzr,
and to punish the infraction of treaties ; but a new view of the case al-1
together may be opened to our Cabinet, the moment France at-
tempts to make that country her own for ever.—Sursday
At length the Press—the English Press—takes the alarm, and
the project of France, which the STAR, exclusively, proclaimed to
this country, long even before the French journals hinted at such
an enterprise as the object of the expedition, begins to excite appre-
hension and alarm. Amongst other corroborative evidences of the
fact, we find this statement:—" It has been resolved to send
out with the expedition to Algiers a scientific commission, on a si-
milar plan to that which was adopted with the expedition to Egypt
under Bonaparte—two botanists are to be on this commission. It
would appear from this fact, that an idea is really entertained of
colonizing Algiers, when it shall have been brought under subjec-
tion by the French army.—Correspondent of the Dublin Literary
GasteUe."—" A new view" may perhaps " be opened to our Cabi-
net," the moment France attempts to make that country her own for
ever ;" but if we are only to be aware of the danger, when it is too
late to prevent it, we might as well be blind for ever.—Whatever
the Sunday Tines may think of " giving away the skin, before the
bear is killed," it will be too late to save the bear, when the skin is
cut from his back.—En. STAR.]
DOCTRINE or MALICE.—The law says that malice is a neces-
sary ingredient in the nature of certain crimes and offences. In the
ordinary acceptation of the term, and as laid down in the jargon of
the indictment, this is sheer nonsense; but the ordinary exposition
of the law steps in, and with a doctrine of implied malice, remedies
part of theevil. Yet the law, or rather the law-makers (the Judges)
have two expositions, one general and one particular—one as applying
to the ordinary transactions between man and man In the mass ot
society, and another for political matters, or offences personal to great
men. We need not enumerate all the instances—libel will serve
our purpose, and bring us to our point. " I entertained no malice,"
says the defendant, " Gentlemen of the Jury," says the Judge," I am
bound to tell you that malice is to be inferred from the words used ; the
defendant has reflected on the conduct of a most respectable Magistrate,

and for no other reason than that his wife's father is an opulent brewer,
and the owner of several public houses, has imputed to this excellent
man a corrupt motive in refusing a wine licence to the new hotel."
On this charge, therefore, the defendant is convicted. In the next
case called on, the parties have changed places; the Magistrate, in
deciding on an information for selling wine without a licence, added,
" This man is a notorious receiver of stolen goods, I shall therefore
convict him in the full penalty." Here the imputation itself carries
immediately with it the consequential damage which is requisite to
support this species of action. " Gentlemen of the Jury," says the
Judge, " Magistrates must be protected in the exercise of their duty ;
if they are to be rendered liable to actions for every word which may
in the warmth of argument fall from them in giving judgment, no
gentleman of rank and property could be found who would under.
take this dangerous office; there is no malice In this case, and I am
bound to tell you, that you must find a verdict for the defendant."
—Thus there is one law for the public and another for the Justice !
And It seems now to be decided by Lord Wynford, that Justices of
the Peace may say what they please of persons brought before
them with perfect impunity, unless the party injured an'
prove express malice: malice is not to be implied by the magic.
trate's going out of the record to abuse the party. If he is
summoned to Bow.street for not paying a hackney-coach fare,
the temperate and cautious Justice may call him a receiver of
stolen goods, a thief, a murderer, a miscreant ! He may send him
away under a fine of five shillings, and a character which will render
him an outcast from society : there is no malice, according to Lord
Wynford (and Lord Wynford, as we shall see, is the House of
Lords)—there is no redress. His Lordship, no doubt, from his ex-
perience of the conduct of the superior Judges (which we admit
to be generally most decorous) concludes, that it is impossible
for any man executing the functions of justice to depart from the
cool and equal bearing which becomes his office ; he cannot imagine
that passion or prejudice can ever lead a Judge to violence and in.
temperance. But though Lord Winford (who was once Mr. Justice
Best) cannot draw such a picture, there are persons still living who
have seen its original on the Bench ; and even if there were
not, a very slight reading of the State Trials would prove that
the choicest terms of vituperation and abuse are not solely to be
sought at Billingsgate, but may be found in the language of
British Judges towards the prisoners tried before them—We
are led to these remarks by the case of Barclay and Robinson, in
which the House of Lords (embodied in the person of Lord Wynford)
has reversed the judgments of two Scotch Count' : these had thought
that for Justices of the Peace to travel out of the matter before
them, which constitutes their jurisdiction, and to call a man a thief
because he had been proved to be a poacher, was actionable ; and
had therefore given damages against the parties so offending, for the
injury they had inflicted by their aspersion of the complainant's cha-
ractet. Lord Wynford thinks otherwise : whether his Lordship is
or is not profoundly or otherwise learned in Scotch law, forms no
part of the question; the crimson seats convey the necessary quali-
fication to the hereditary Judges by mere act of Session; our ques-
tion turns on the more universal law of reason, public decency and
propriety : we appeal to these, not without hope that the Scottish Jury,
to whom the case is sent back, will yet be guided by them.—Rsairs.
—[That "there is one law for the poor and another for the rich," is,
a melancholy and degrading truth, which the poor slavish Courier
has not only the impudence to admit—but the still greater effrontery
to seek to justify. “ The apothegm is one which we are not in.
dined to dispute in the abstract, yet we ought not implicitly to act
upon it."—The illustration furnished by the Examiner is full of
moment—En. STAR.)
Dow MIGUEL's Coral. !—lt is generally believed that Lord
MOUNT CHARLES will be appointed Minister to the Court of
Lisbon, on the recognition of the KING of Portugal by this Go-
vernment—an event which may now be looked for every day
Joh* Bull.— [This is " a weak invention of the enemy ;" a •• take
told tale," borrowed, or rather stolen, from " Ilse -lye" of a week
ago—Old News, even if true ; but with just as much veracity as
novelty. The recognition of Dos Mrotim. as " King of Portu.
gal," will take place at or about the Greek Ifoknds—but not be.
fore.—En. STAR.]

The late Gen. Sir Hew Whitefoord Dalrymple, Bart.
of High Mrsrk, county Wigton, whose dissolution we announced on
Saturday, at the advanced age of 80, was one of the oldest officers
in his Majesty's service, having been in the army upwards of 60
heears In the course of the Gallant General's military career
obtained his full share of the emoluments, as well as of the
honours of his profession.—the Colonelcy of the 67th regiment
of Foot, and the lucrative sinecure of Governor of Blackness
Castle, both of which, of course, have become vacant by his
demise. He was also a member of the Consolidated Board of
General 0111cers for the Institution and Regulation of the Clothing
of the Army, &c. and in 1814, he was created a Baronet of
the United Kingdom, the honour of knighthood having previously
been conferred on him in 1774. Sit Hew was appointed to the
command of the 57th Foot in April, 1411, and on the Ist ofJa-
nuary in the ensuing year be was promoted to the rank of Ge-
neral. Sir Hew was collaterally related to the Earl of Stair,
and, in 1783, married Frances, youngest daughter and co-heir of
Gen. Francis Leighton, and by her ladyship, who died is 18:3, he ,
has left issue the surviving son, Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Adolphus
John Dalrymple, born 1784; married 1812, Ann, only daughter
of the late Sir James Graham, Bart. of Netherby, and sister of
the Honourable and Patriotic Member for Cumberland. Sir
Adolphus represents the burghs of Haddington, Jedburgh, &c.
in Parliament, and was formerly Member for the borough of Ap.
pithy. The Gallant General's eldest daughter Alias Charlotte Eli.
zabeth Dalrymple, was married In 1816, to Capt. John Chambers
White of the Royal Navy, and his other surviving daughter, Fran.
me Mary, was married in 1811, to Lieut.-Col. Silveri FaLhavre,
of the 'loyal Engineers.
