in a moist vociferous tone, struck up, " Oh !
death or liberty 1-0 h give me death or libei!7
Some of those near him advised him to be more co.n-
posed ; but his answer was, " I would rather die in
chains than live in slavery." .

. .
Tidd now turned round to Davidson, and shaking
him by the hand, said, with a smile upon his coun-
tenance—" Well, my hearty, how do you do ?—Good
bye, GoD bless you!" Davidson returned the bless-
ing, and they shook hands most cordially.
Ings then addressed the following words to these
that surrounded him Give my hest respects to
George the Fourth, for I go out of the world with no
animosity to him. I have alw:.)s acted upon the
principles of a man, and so will I die !" Ile then
shook hands with Brunt and the others, and ran up
the steps)) astil y.

Brunt, who had been talking to a person near him,
spoke as follows to that person :—gi I have been in
the habit of taking snuff, but I gave away my box last
night, and I am obliged to keep it in a paper now_
give me a pinch from it—let me take one more be-
fore Igo out of the world." His friend immediately
complied with his request.

Davidson often spoke of the res'pectability of his
family, and upon the hardness of his fate, and on
going out upon the platform, with a firm air• and
voice, said, " GOD bless you all, good bye."
Brunt, who had been often looking out upon his
companions during the time the Executioner was
adjusting the ropes, Scc. said, " Where will they put
me,•Lwonder? in a place where I shall sleep, I sup-
pose !" lie then mounted the scaffold.
What we have just related passed within the wars
of the prison. We come now to the scene as exhi-
bited on the outside.

The Executioner and his assistants, at about twenty
minutes before eight, brought out the five coffins, in
which the bodies of the prisoners were to be deposited,
and ranged them along the newly-erected platform,
which the List part of the sentence rendered it neces-
sary to raite. A block was also brought out, and
placed at the head of the coffin, which lay opposite !o
the place where it was expected Thistlewood would
be executed. An axe was laid near the block, though
it was not intended for use,• and a great quantity of
sawdust was scattered about. Th Executioner hav-
ing given notice that he was ready to perform the
most dreadful part of his duty, Thistlewood was in-
formed by the Under-Sheriff (Mr. Tufttau) that he
was the first who was to ascend the scaffold.
Thistlewood immediately walked up the ladder
with a fiim step, and advanced to the further extre-
mity of the scaffold. There was a general murmur
in the crowd upon his appearance, but there was no
expression of sympathy or sorrow. He held in his
band an orange, which be frequently :put to his
mouth. His countenance_bad undergone no change
since his trial. The same evidence of a disiatisfied
mind was observable in his countenance. Ile looked
round without curiosity, and then down upon the
few spectators who were allowed to stand within
the paling. The executioner proceeded to fasten
the tope round his neck, and Thistlewood assisted,
but without ostentation.

Some of those to whom the face of Thistlewood
was not familiar, imagined that he gave proofs of
.the fear of death upon the scaffold, but in this sup-
position they were much mistaken. At•the moment
that he has been hard uttering his dangerous poli-
tics in safety, and declaring his determination to •i
stand or fall by them, the expression of his features
was the same; and Tliistlewood with the rope round
his neck, was the same Thistlewood that appeared
so conspicuous at Smithfield.
Mr. Cozybra approached him while the Execu-
tioner was making his awful arrangements, and spoke
to him upon the subject of his thoughts of hereafter.
Thistlewood shook his head, and said he required no
earthly help upon that subject. He then sucked his
orange, and looking down at the Officers who were
collected about the scaffold, said, in a firm voice—
" I have but a few moments to live, and I hope the
world will be convinced that I have been sincere in
my endeavours." The figure of the unfortunate man,
which naturally is not good, had undergone a change
for the worse: it consequence of the pressure of the
rope with which his arms were fastened behind, his
shoulders were raised to a degree that closely ap-
proached deformity. The Executioner having placed
the cap upon his head, and fastened the rope round
the beam,looked towards the Sheriff, and immediately
Tidd ran up the ladder. Several voices shouted
out Huzza but the applause was evidently occa-
sioned by the bold and fearless manner in which the
wretched man advanced to his station. He turned to
the crowd who were upon Snow-hill, and bowed to
them. He then looked down upon the coffins and
smiled, and turning round to the people who were
collected in the Old Bailey, towards Ludgate-hill,
heaved to them. Several voices were again heard,
and some in the crowd expressed their admiration of '
Tidd's conduct. The rope having been put round his
neck, he told the Executioner that the knot would
be better en the right than on the left side, and that
tir Fain of dying might be diminished by the change.
He then assisted the Executioner, and turned round
his head several times for the purpose of fitting the
rope to his neck. He held an orange in his hand, II
and sucked it during the preparation. •
The next that appeared upon the platform was
Ings, and the manner of Lis appearance struck some
with admiration, but the majority of the vast multi-
