Pangs. beating the f‘g of Vies-Admiral Bir Richard
King. K. 0. B. appointed to the chief naval coasmand
in the East.lndies. touehed sit Teneriffe on the 24th
of April, and proceeded on the 28th for Madras.
The Newcastle. of 40 guns, Captain Meynell, also
called uff that island on Use lath ult for a few hours,
she had on board Reit. Admiral
.Sir Pultney Mat.,
colm, K C
_B. appointed to succeed Rear Admiral
rffir George Cockburn, K. C. B. in the naval com-
mand of St. lielena.
._ _ _

The brig Surprise, Captain- Rose, belonging to
'James Black and Co. on her voyage Irons the Clyde
to St. Thomas's and this island* with a most velu-
able cargo of dry goods, was lost in the end of De-
cember, on the coast of Africa, nearly opposite to
the Canary Islands; and the crew and passengers
were marched fourteen days journey up the country
in a state of slavery. They had arrived at Suez,
within eight days' journey of blogadore. The ac-
counts of this misfortune came through the British
Consul at Mogadore, who was using every exertion
to recover the captives, and with every hope of suc-
cess. The passengers were Mr. %V. Black, son of the
principal proprietor of the ship. another gentleman si
the same name, who is a partner in the house; asd
Mr. Basland. from E'srrt Glasgow.
JUNS 11.7.11110 schooner Maria. *mod, fros.Car-
' thagen* to St. Jago de Cuba. out five-days, pat iv°
Port Royal yesterday in distress., having sprung her
mainmast in a heavy squall. By this erase/ we have
is confirmation of the capture of Santa Fe by a divi-
sion of the Royal Army under Colonel Torre. The
following is a copy of the Proclamation by Don Ga-
briel de Torres y Velasco, Governor of the City of
Carthagena,

" Palace of the °oven:pent of Carthagens, Oath My.

" Be it known to the public, that his Eikeßemy the Captain-
General of thh kingdom has received [rein Colose! Don Migud
de La Torre, commanding the Easters Army of the Magdalena,
the glorious Devote! his havlng.tuken possession, on.the Bth in-
stant, with the royal troops under bis command, of the capital
of this kingdom ; his advanced guard has driven the Insurgmes,.l
under the command of Setrier, and faced them to fly from that
neighbourhood, where they had trees employed in plundering
and maltreating the inhabitants.
" The inhabitants of this City and 'Province caa do no lees
than manifest, by rejoicing, the satisfaction they have in seeing
their brethren of Santa fit, Papayan, and t`le other Provinceeof
the Kingdom, already liberated by the heroic valour d the
King's troops from the tyranny of those banditti, vibe were
living on the spoils of that beautiful country; and the Govern-
ment, equally 'nitrated in this glorious and important news,
decrees a general Wungnatien this night, and permitting every
specie,' of deteeous amusement, in the fuU aulidenee that the
best order will be preserved, acid directing the Akades aid Ma-
gistrates of the different Wards carefully to watch over its pre-
servation. (Signed) " GAZllliti DE TORIES."

sr. Dome co, MAT 17. '

On the 15th instant, a Spanish vessel arrived
from the coast of Cora, at the fart rt Ati
Captain of which gave information, that on the
23th ultimo, General Bolivar landed at the island
of Margaritta with his expedition, but he found that
town already evacuated by the Spaniards. After
having refreshed his troops, and obtained reinforce-
ments, he proceeded to Cumana, which place Will
immediately surrendered to the Independent artny
by the Governor, Major O'Campos. After their
entrance into Cumana, great numbers from the ad-
jacent coast rallied to the standard of liberty, and
Barcelona WAS taken possession of cm the 10th of this
month.

We must again remind our Readers of the Meeting
intended to be held on Monday, to take into consi-
deration the best means of ameliorating the condition
of the industrious poor. It is a subject of the first
importance, and well deserving of every attention
which enlighaoed individuals can beitow upon it.
A temporary supply for present distress, however ne-
cessary this may be, is but a small part of the subject
which should occupy the attention of the Meeting.
Means for employing those who are willinv to work
must be devised—or means to secure to them*, when
employed. a larger reward for their labour. The
subject is a most intricate one. The world seems to
be placed in entirely new circumstances, which com-
mand some change of sistcm suited to the crisis.

Has the war. alone produced the present derliegs-,
went? No. s En, in spite of all the waste that has
been occasioned by ir, there is more real property in
.Europe than these was at its commencement—and a
larger populagon.capable of producing a still greater
iacrease s them is more corn grown ; more cattle are
mired ; and machinery to add to the productive
powers of iadostsy. has been increased beyond all
tics-mar example.
Have die improvements is machinery produced
ithe present derang,ensent I—None but men of very
United understanding wiU be periaded that what is
caleolated to lessen the labour of the human race can
be a source of real evil to mankind. On the con-
trary, whatever tends to lessen the necessity of labour
jis calculated eventually to benefit the community
and add to the comforts of aU classes of the people.
This might easily be demonstrated did our present
limits allow it.

The results to which this lead may not please--on
the contrary they may alarm iporaaf—we shell not
say 84fish mea ; for it is the, true interest of every in-
dividual to sift this question to the bottom—to dis-
cover all its bearings—and to lend his aid, to pat
into motion, and to further the system to which
it may point. But the question is a most difficult
one, for it embraces the system of commerce of the
whole civilized world, aod poises to die abolition ot
