TON RIFORM DILL.

On the motion of Lard ALTHOILPthat the Ifouse ro.
3,,0,ve Waif into a Committee on the reform bill,

('apt. GORDON took that opportunity of vindicating the
4. starter of some Grand Jurymen in the county of Carlow,
from a calumny which was uttered against them by the
Nrmber for Reny.
The Honourable Ilzatwan was here interrupted by
Lcrd Milton. This was not the fit pl.sce. to introduce such
a subject.
The SPEAKER took the same view of the subject, and
Gordon yielded.
'rhe House then resolved Itself Into a Committee.

On the motion that Wolverhampton, Bdaton, Sce. stand
part of schedule C,
Mr. CRONER Aimed that Wolverharnp:on contained
a population exceeding 18,000, yet other parishes, which had
no connection with it were united. Wolverhampton ought
not to be overAowed in that manner.
Ur: LITTLETON thought the Right Hon. Gentleman
showed but little knowledge of the population of SIM pert
of the country. The Right Hon. Gentleman wee very inac-
curate in his statements. _ _ _

Mr. CROSIER obverted that Wolverhampton ought not
to be sluiced-in with the surrounding large population.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY was convinced that the people
of Wolverhampton would be quite satisfied with the arrange.
meat, in consequence of obtaining an additional member
by it.
After some further conversation between Mr. Croker,
Lord .1. Russell, 111 s. Stuart Wortley, and Lad Althorp,
Sir R. PREL observed that it would be better to add
‘Vednesbury to the borough of Walsall than toWolvethatop.
ton. Such an arrangement would at the same time be more
just, sad more consistent with the principles of the Bill.—
His object now was to make the Bill as perfect as it could be
made, and this was an opportunity for correcting one mis-
take, wherefore he trusted that the noble lord would incor-
porate Wedoesbury with Walsall.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL thought that it would be quite
time enough to discuss the right honourable baronet's pro-
position, when they should come to the borough of Walsall
in the list. _ _ _

Mr. CROKEB observed that u Wednesbury was to be
included by their present vote with Wolverhampton, that
was the proper time to have the point settled.
tlr. LITTLETON thought that the subject would come
ow more regularly what they got to the end of the schedule.
nir R. PEEL observed, that the fair way would be to add
Wrqinesbury to Wahall, and Sedgely to Wolverhampton.
Mr. LITTLETON doubted whether the inhabitants of
Wednesbury could wish to be so represented, as it would
take Clan out of the county representation.
Mr. CHOKER denied this. He had not understood that
the freeholders would be deprived of their rights by becom-
ing entitled to vote as householders. He had not read the
bill so.

Mr. LITTLETON believed that the freeholders would
he disfranchised. (Cities of no, no.)
Mr CHOKER would like to see any county member
adopt this opinion. If such a doctrine went to go forth, he
had no doubt that it would change the general feeling
wi:b respect to the bill.
. sir C. %VETHERELL also took the same view of the
tubjeet, and concluded by suggesting that Wolverhampton
should be postponed until they came to Walsall.
After a Om winds from Lord Avritootand Mr. Czonico,
the motion was weed to.
on the motion that the division of the Tower Hamlets,
ivciuding Ossulston Hundreds, stood part of schedule C,
:Sir E. B. SCHOEN observed that the bill would r.lake
a must important alteration in the constituency, by depriving
hen olden of the votes. It would deprive Loge districts of
the county of Middlesex of their franchise, in order to Include
them in the constituency of London; while, on the other
bend, in would. throw 117i0 the county of Middlesex the
lowest class of voters, to the great injury of the agricultural
claws.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER repEed
that they had placed the freeholders of Middlesex upon
the sane footing with the freeholder, of all other coon•
tics. lie could not see how the agricultural classes would
he vre;utL.:ed, for their Interests had been taken care of in
the 111. _ _

Sir E.. B. StIGOLIT and Lord ALTHOIF mutually ex.
pin ned.
:in C. WETHERELL observed that, by the original
Ili I, the householder of London could not vote in virtue of
bis freehold is Middlesex. but in the present Bill that right
WJII given. This was a fresh anomaly, and a considerable
bowls to London.
_ _

was surprised at finding the town of Lon-
don included in the list, fa he could not see upon what
pnncipie it was se be added to the county of Middlesex...—
Louden had not the sons claim as othet towns, to be added
so she counties from which they were originally separated,
because London had never been severed from any county,
and therefore could not come within the rule. The 16th
clause went to provide dot no change should be made in the
rights of those who enjoyed the elective franchise, in virtue
of their freeholds, and If he wore rig* in his cousuuctiso,
then the inhabitants of London woeddl have two votes, our.
fur the City of London, in virtlt• of the houses which they
steepled, and the other fot Ilse county of Middlesex, in
virtue of their freeholds. He wished the Noble Lord to ex-
plain this aeornalp_
Mr. Alderman WOOD said that item, was no occasion

for such alum about the freeholders of the city t Londe*,
as they really were persons of respectability aU property.
The CHANCELLOR of-the EXCHEQUER said that
was rot the proper time for discussion n the &wee 0
the bill. He had no objection to any ion at the
u
proper time, but that was not the proper e.
After a few words from Mr. Alderman AITHWAW, the
motion was agreed to.
On the motion that the district of Finsbury, including
the parishes of Finsbury. St. Andrew, Holborn, Saffron.
Lill, &c., stand part of schedule C.
sfr J. WEVI.A ND said, that he was prepared to prove
thot the constituency under the new bill would be persons
inhabiting houses from 10 to 201. in yearly value. Such a
conatituer.cy would, he thought, produce the very wont re-
sults, by introduclas an undue degree of popular influence
into that house. Such persons were obliged to work too hard
to he able to judge of their interests properly, and it could
roe I e doubted that the first effort they would make under
this Ref:twin Bill would be to pledge their representatives to
a repeal I f the corn laws, an exemption from taxation. and
the sutv:rsion of the rights of the aristocracy. Unlcia
Cm t tforc rome coun:erpoise could be given, he Must dissent
front the course adopted by Ministers. He admitted, how.
e er, :NA the bill was sound in principle, and only defective
in consequence of the haste with which it was framed. For
Ina rut he could have wished that the opponents of the bill.
irs:e-.11 of defending nomination boroughs, had joined heart
and hand to render the bill perfect.
Col. BRUCE had not before attempted to express his
sent;ments, and he therefore wished now to offer a few re-
marks upot, the effect of giving such a large share of repre-
:ent:ttion to the mettopolis. The Hon. Member continued
t•I aaaresA the house amidst occasional cries of oh, oh !
coniending, as he went along, that the members who would
he elected for to borough before the house would be indi-
viduals that small attend to the individual interests of their
esinstituoita, anti not to the general interests of the country,
to look aficr a hich was the real object for which ,members
ware stnt to that house. .

Mr. C. PERGUSSON hoped, with the last hon. mem.
her, that a larger portion of members would be given to
Scotland than it was yet proposed to give her. lie did not
agree with the hen. member for Thetford, that the County
members would be overpowered by the members that would
be returned from die metropolis or the manufacturing towns.
It was contended that members from the metropolis would
be obliged to adopt a particular course, else they would he
rejected. This argument was drawn rom the eiratmatance
of an hon. alderman having been obliged to account for his
rote upon a particular occasion. But this was the eonse.
quence of giving pledgee, and nothing else. He bad no
fear but that persons of the highest respectability would be
returned from such boroughs as those created by the •sche.
dule beton the house. 1f they excluded the 800,000
persons who resided in the neighbourhood of the metropolis
from the advantages of the Reform Bill, it would have been
much better they had not brought in the reform bill at all.
Mr. J. SMITH said that, by giving representation to the
large district of Finsbury, they gave a safety valve, through
which their (minions would be made known to this house.
Upon every Principle of equity and justice' they ought to
eufranehise the large population resident in the district in
question. He heard with indignation the attack made
upon the Livery of London, for calling cm* of their mem.
bers to account. He was one of these that felt that the
people had a tight to call their representatives to account for
their conduct, particularly if they pledged themselves to a
particular line of conduct.
Mr. PRINGLE complained of Scotland only getting five
new members, while the metropolis of this country was to
get eight new members. He contended, that if the metro-
polis was to obtain so large a portion of new members, that
It would have an undue power in that house, when the
members for the other part of the country were taken into
consideration. (Cries of oh, oh !)
Sir C. DOUGLAS hoped that Le would have the sup-
port of those who advocated this increase of members to the
metropolis, when he, upon a subsequent occasion, asked for
additional members for Scotland.( Hear, bear.)
Mr. HUNT denied that the newly-created voters would
elect persons of rank ; they would elect persons for their
ability and that worth, without any consideration as to their
station in society.
After a few word& from Mr. Fsauusox, Mr. Gout-swim,
and Lord Avruole, the motion was agreed to amidst some
laughter.
Upon demotion that liarylabcuine stand part of the bill as
a borough, including the perishes of St. Marylabonse, St.
Pancras, and Paddington,
bit, C. FERGUSON tom to eddies, the House, but was
met wish cries of oh, oh ! He would be beard, despite of all
sties. The inhabitants ef the 'Nib ed Iletylabesese ism
snakes to hare see emotes es, aid Ibq *sadly doh sierriety
by saying that they pay fear these es Mel taxes se Leeds,
and three times as much as Manchester I that there wee
10,000 houses at not less than 401. each. They say that if
they are to be joined to Paddington and St. Pancras, In re-
turning two members, that they will be swallowed up in the
very large constituency that would be created by these com-
bined parishes.
After a few observations bom Sir J. Malcolm,
Lord ALTHORP did not think that the inhabitants of
Marylaboone wouldjbe swallowed up.io the way stated by
the hon. member, so as to prevent them from forming a
roost efficient.poelion of the constituency of. the borough
in quest!on.
The motion was then agreed to.
The motion that Lambeth, including St. Mary, Hewing.
too, Bermondsey, &v. stand part of the Bill, was agreed to
without a division.
This borough was the hit of the schedule.
Upon the CUALRMAY proceeding to read schedule D.
Lord MILTON said that formerly it was his intention to
move that schedule D should be inserted in schedule C, but
he now intended to wait until the Chairman came to move
that the black be filled up with one member, when he
would move, as an amendment, that the blank be filled up
with two members.

Mr. LITTLETON would at once move that Stoke.
upon-Trent, which was now in schedule D. should be trans-
fared to schedule C. because it was a most flourishing
place, and contained a population of 53,000
Sir J. W ROTT Y and Mr. E. PEEL
supported
the proposition, on the ground of its flourishing wade and
large population.
epopulation.
ALTHORP did not see any good ground for taking
the place in question out of schedule D.
Lord INGESTRLR would support the proposition of the
boa member for Staffordshire.

After an obserraaee from Mr. 110001101 t,
Mr. ROBINSON said he should oppose the reposition
before the house.

Lord Mita. our, Mr. C. WYNN, and Mr. Gissox, would
support the proposition before the house.
Mr. J. STANLEY thought that if they were to give two
members to this proposed borough on the ground of popula.
don, what would they say to giving only one to Bolton,
sod to various other places ? He snould oppose the pro.
position.
blr. PROTHEROE was favourable to the giving of two
members to Bioko-upon-Mut.
Mr. PERCIVAL thought that two members ought to
be given to this flourishing and populous district.
Mr. WARBURTON did not see any reason why two
members should be given' to the proposed borough, when
theiolere not giving one member to Chelsea.
J. RUSSELL said that •they were nth merely
giving members to places on account of their
solely. It was stated that Stoke-upon-Trent Milt
coder claim upon the committee, and ought to be repro.
fatted by two members. He thought that. considering
and consulting the interests of the country, one espresso.
Wive would be sufficient to protect the interests of R.—.
If they wee to grant two members to Stoke-upon-Trent.
It would only create jealousies. When the proposition of
the right hoc. baronet came before the committee, to grant
two members to half of the towns in schedule D, instead
of one to each of the places named, be would be ready to
theist it on good grounds.
After • tow words from Lord Sritsucv, against the
onodon,
Sir E. PEEL said that he came down with the intention
Its vote against the motion, but as it was confined to Stoke.
upon-Trent. be would vote for it.
Mr. J. WOOD said, that he thought it better that one
member should represent a borough than two, fa in the
taw case there was generally a compromise.
Mr. LITTLETON replied.
The gallery was then cleared foe a division.
For Mr. Littleton's modem ....... 145
Against it ... 2441

Disiority for Ministers ..'
It was then proposed that each of the prindpal places
samid In the first column in schedule D, return one member
to =meat.
MILTON said, that he was Inguenced, in =lidos
his motion, with a view to set himself right with the
aml vet to oppose the pdiseiple of the bill, or his honoucalinb'
Moods, with whom be had been associated for many vein.
He was s'lely ftlflueflced • by a desire to render the bill as

perfect u possible, and he thought It desliable tbat each of
the boroughs in schedule I), should return two members,
in order that they might be fairly and fully represented in
Parliament. He thought that the feeling of the minority
of the country should be represented in that house. If
these new boroughs were only to return one representative,
it was impossible that the arrangements contemplated by
schedule 1) could be anal. (Cheers.) It was impossible
that large towns should be satisfied with one member, when
towns with a comparatively email population returned two;
(Hear.) It was wise to render the constitution as popular
as possible, and with a view to do so, he thought that places
of great population should be fully represented. He be-
lieved that the representatives of peculiar interests always
looked for some peculiar advantages. (Hear.) He felt
satisfied that his Hon. Friends would render this bill more
acceptable, by allowing two members to tbose large towns.
He regretted to witness a departure from the principles of
regulating representation by population. He had heard
that some of those towns would rather not be represented at
all than by cue member. (Hear.) He thought that one
member would may tend to create local excitement. He
conclutl6d by moving that the word two" be inser. ed in-•
stead of the wind " one." _ _ _

Sir F. BURDETTseid that he acquitted the Noble Lord
of every feeling of private interest, in bringing forward his
motion b..fore the committee. He differed altogether from
the noble lord in his advocacy of double representation. Ile
disputed the policy of giving a representation to the minority
of the people, the principle of repnuntation was to repre-
sent the opinion of the majority. If the minority were to
be represented, the election would amount to a nullity. He
thought it Letter that each town should be represented by
one member. He would forego any opinions of his own, I
with a view that the great measure might be carried. The
noble bold says, that the measure will rot be final in its pre-
sent shape. Why it was beyond the control of man to render
it finalthut he insisted that the bill contained principles that
would be tinaL There could be no doubt of the rectitude of
the fundamental principles of the measure (cheers). No
practical man could lay down any principle of science that
was not liable to alterations. It was enough to say that the
bill itself carried with it gnat practical good —(Hear.)—
As to double representation, and as to the number of mem-
bers in that house, he thought there were too many represen-
tatives, and that the business could be more efficiently car-
ried on If there were less in number, and he believed that
the towns in schedule D would be fairly represented by one
member—(Cheers.)— A great deal had been said about the
pledges given by hon. members upon this question, and more
particularly with respect to a worthy Alderman (Thompson)
who had been taunted for having given an explanation
fur his vote in the case of Appleby. He thought that the
constituents of the worthy Alderman had a perfect right
to do so. Why, it was notorious that the nominee of
a boroUghmonger would consider himself disgraced if In
persisted in retaining his vote in opposition to his patron.
The adoption of the proposed Bill would give confidence
to the public in the proceedings of that Home. Honour-
able alembers had talked of the constitution, but if they
would refer to the Rolls of Parliament, they would find
that Alembers of Parliament always held themselves re-
sponsible in fames times to their constituents, and when
any new measure was brought forward, they declined to
vote until they had consulted their constituents.—(Hear.
hear.) This was the essence of the British Constitution.
He would vote against the amendment of the noble Lord.
—(Cheers.)
31r. HUNT felt surprised at the opinions delivered by
the Hon. ll.nonet ; they were at variance with those he had
expressed for the last 26 years.
lair It. PEEL differed from the bonourable baronet in
thinking that the minority should not be represented at all.
If the majority were to have no share in the public councils,
would the hon. ban. exempt them hem taxation ? (Hear,
hear.) He repeated that it would be a sounder course to
adhere to the ancient principles of the constitution, and give
two members to each borough. For these reasons he would
vote with the noble lord.

Lord ALTHORP agreed with the right honourablel
baronet, that it was highly expedient that the majority
should be represented. As a general principle, be admit-
ted that it was better to give two members than one, but
he thought that the minority would be represented even ac-
cording to the proposed measure. for it was not likely tint
the feeling of the majority would be the same In all places.
The feeling of the majority in one place was often the feel-
Mg of the minority in another. He did not think that those
towns would be discontented with one member. 'The effect of
'this motion, if carried, would be to increase the number of
members above what was proposed by 26 ; or to withhold
the fraseblee from 13 of The boroughs in schedule D. He
dwell say that titer would be guilty of a breach of faith to
the country, if after the Bill having met the approbation of
the House, 26 additional members were to be given;
for those remoras he should oppose the motion of the noble
bed.

Mr. WASON spoke in favour of the amendment.
The House then divided, when there appeared :
For giving two members to each Borough in
Schedule D. .. .. 102
Against it

Majority for Ministers .. 128
The Chairman reported progress, and the House resumed.
7 he other Orders of the Day were then disposed of ; and
the House adjourned at a Quarter before Two o'clock.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FROM OUR ON, N CORRESPONDENT.
PARIS, AUGUST 3.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

SIR-It is at Thorn that all the pontoons des-
tined for the passage of the Vistula were con-
structed by Prussian engineers. The Cabinet of
Berlin has thrown off all disguise; and now fur-
nishes to the Russian General succours of every
description—soldiers, engineers, materiel, and war-
like
stores. We had accounts this morning that a
corps of the Prussian army had actually entered
the Duchy of Warsaw !
Intelligence has reached Paris to-day, that the
Court of Vienna has just received accounts of the
death of the Archduke Rodolph, Cardinal and
Archbishop of Olmutz, of an apopletic fit, which
attacked him on the 24th at Baden.

An estafette has also this moment arrived, which
brings the news of the death of General Frimont
in Italy. Letters from Lemburg likewise state,
that Field Marshal de Aletterherm, Commandant
General in Gallicia, has been attacked with
cholera in visiting the hospital, and that he is in a
bad state. His wife sunk under the same disease
about eight days before.
Tis•Prussiase-Gaseits, received this day, •sion-
tains no news whatever from Poland. Here, every
thing yet remnins in uncertainty about the new
ministry—the only thing certain is the retreat of
Casimir Pericr ; and he owes his fall to an
over-anxiety to remain in office. Various
lists are handed about, but nothing as yet is
decided. Marshal Soult stands most prominent
among these, and his combination smells strongly
of gunpowder. None of the other lists are de-
cidedly of a warlike character.
The intelligence of the Russians having crossed
the Vistula, and a great variety of rumours current
disadvantageous to the cause of Poland, caused
great fermentation yesterday in Paris. In the
evening, groups formed in the Palau Royal ; and
about ten o'clock, an officer of the National Guard,
wishing to disperse a group formed in tbe gar-
dens, was answered by cries of Vive les Polcnais!
A s. les Rum ! Upon this he drew his sword,
and was assisted by his fellow-labourers in the
vineyard of crosses and ribbands, to disperse the
people. The gardens were cleared, and the gates
'closed ; but the people again assembled in the adja-
cent streets. Upon which, the troops of the line and
dragoons were sent for; and the latter, sword in
hand, soon made a clearance of the " traiterosse
villains" who dared to express their feelings for
unhappy Poland. The Gazette d'Augsburg says
that General Skrzynecki has received a letter from
General Rosnieski, who directed the secret police
of Warsaw before the revolution. That letter is

important, insomuch as it indicates, on the part of
the Emperor, an intention to put an end to hosti-
lities. General Rosnieski invites the Poles to draw
near the Emperor with confidence :—" If for the
present," says he, " all attempts of negotiation
have been rejected, it was the fault of Marshal
Diebitscb, who had sworn to exterminate Poland,
whilst Paskewitsch is of a moderate character ; he
knows how to appreciate the courage of the Poles,
and is authorised to make some concessions," &c.
General Rosnieski points out afterwards to the
Poles the little chance of success which remains to
them, and the impossibility of French intervention.
The Revolution says that the news from Warsaw
is of an afflicting nature. In a few days there
will pass upon the banks of the Vistula such events
as will draw upon the members of the Cabinet of
the Palais-Royal an immense responsibility. When
we think that this element of accusation is joined
to the cession of Belgium to theEnglisb, the putting
of the centre of Italy into the hands of Austria, the
authorised massacres of the Italian and Spanish
Patriots, the charge of a budget of 1500 millions,
the consequence of a deficiency which is said to be
considerable, and the violations of the chest of
depots, they may well be frightened at the terrible
charges which will weigh upon those Ministers,
who have associated themselves to the policy of
Guisot, Sebastiani, Soult, and Perier.

The Frenck Lancet•eontnins the following post-''
script of a letter from Foy, one of the French
physicians sent to Poland : " During the lest five
or six days the cholera has made the most frightful
ravaged at Warsaw. • in the space of four or five
hours, those attacked sink under it, not only in the
hospitals, but in the city. Two days ago, I lost
an officer in my salon, in five hours ; and yester-
day (July 18,) during my visit, one of those at-
tacked, who had replied to all my questions, sunk
as suddenly as if I had touched him with prussic
acid. We know not what to do against a plague
so prompt and terrible."
The Gazette de France states, that what passed
at the Chamber may be resolved by an arithmetical
operation thus :
There was in the first scrutiny for the system
represented by M. Casimir Pater .. 171 Voices.
For the system repeesentcd by Messrs. lalitte,
Dupont de l'Eure, &e. 171

... ouo

Therefore, it may be said that France is without
representation, and that there is not in the Chamber
the representation of the national wish.
I remain your's, Ea. J. Lle
P.S. The 5 per cents. are at 84 fa. and the 3 at
52f. 20c. All is in confusion in the public offices.
They are at work till eleven o'clock at night,
making up their accounts.

We yesterday gave place to the letter of our own
Paris correspondent; and to-day as commentary
written on the tot, we insert some extracts from
the letter of the aronick Correspondent. It is
an impassioned production, but it displays accu-
rately the feelings of the triumphant party in the
French capital:
Alter air bout of anxious solicitude in the chambers
=leeks, the ballot was closed, and neither of the
tee had obtained the majority of 178, far M. La-
tina bad 188, snd M. Ofrod 171. This abet eastaDoe
arose from the fact of ape member having used hr M.
Barrot, one for Omen! Lafayette, two /se Dogma de
l'Eure, Ac. itc. and thus, out of Mk only MIS voted fee
or against the ministerial candidate, whilst If votes were abs
whitely thrown away or null. In consequence at this ekee s.
stance a new seratiny and ballot became necessary, AI% ge
368 were new gaunt, the requisite majority wee 180. The
second ballet wee new made, and M. Latta, who before had
168, DOW bed 178, and M. aired de PAin, who before had
171, now had 181. Thee Ise bad fire MOM VOWS than M.
Latins, awl s/Ara the dudes by merely One Vote 1 I
shall not sadly hrget the leek of blank disappointment and
mortification of peer Wink Peeler when this announce-
ment was made After all Ids exertion, promises, pardons,
ordinances, eimehn, and earls of prefects, journals, and
political writers, be Faded that he had a majority of One !
in his favour. &beetled belted despair, Berate was quite
aghast, and they lashed at such other, and then at the Pre-
sident of the Casa, some in pity than in gape, but es
men will look whoa they say, " 1 t b all over wish es."
The mishit: now hoped to find that M. Lam had been
ve,ed for by many who would, still sanest the edaisterial
candidates foe the Vice-Presidents, and itat de a loop bole
might be left for him to remain Is power mew few weeks
cr months longer. But in this last bope fir pear Peeler he
was again disappointed, for the ministsehl emillistes were
rejected; and 61. Dupont do PEure, dig seams. honest,
wise, talented, indefatigable, ex-minister atinsder, and un-
compromising republican I was elected one el the Vice-Pre-
sidents, while 11. Dupin, the *sadism men, was unable
to ob:ain a sufficient number of votes la Ids favour. M.
Berenger, who, as I told you in a fame letter, is neither
ministerial nor sod-ministerial, bat who belongs to
the new party in France, which masts at Rue RI.
roll. No. 18, and ahich is meshed that there
shall neither be peace at all prices, nor war at all prices, was
also elected a Vice-President. Out of 344 votes, M. Du-
pont de I'Eure obtained 182, and M. Hauser 179. Poor
Dupin got only 163 ; and it is now very questionable whe-
ther he will be elected to-day as third or fourth Vice-Presi-
dent, for there are four Vice-Presidents as well as four
Secretaries. The election of 11. Dupont de Pilaw is an event
Oust im. We have been odd el lass, both in Bog.
had pd )that the respectable part of the community
is this country, who have something se less and something
te gain, were opposed to the extreme Osaybe party ! 1
From this moment some how or other—by per or by war
—by a partial war or a general war—by war against Presets.,
Austria, ind Russia, if neeessary—er even by a war against
all the world—l know not bow this may be, but from this
moment Poland is ultimately saved ! I than weer in tests
of bitter misery if I hear that Warsaw is taken. I shall sigh
from my very soul if I hear of the reemeaury accesses el
Paskewitath or Toll; but then my tears will be dried, sal
my will be 'stopped, by the certainty, that cane what
will, fdew rom this moment Palmed is saved. Pities wadi
have sacrificed Poland to the Interests of stock-brokers ail
legalised gamblers at the Bonnet bet he is defeated; and
though Francs should, single handed, have to light the
de of the Poles spinet all Europe, it will be fought--Ibeght
bravely—god fought with nooses.
Thire will, most probably, be an Europese war ! Do I
rejoice at this ? By DO mesas 1 Abstractedly 1 deplore it;
but I prefer war to slavery—war, to the triumph of Y. Ps.
ria's system—war, to the swam of Russia against
of Prussia against Belgium, of Austria against Italy,'
of Spain against liberty all the world over. I prefer war to
the humiliation of Franco—to the triumph of absolutism—
to die re-establiahment of a Holy Alliance system of confer.

elms at London, and to the seam of Priiee Talleyrand's
diplomacy If compelled to choose between two evils,
I will Wu the least; I will take the evil which, though
Pea; must be temporary ; and I will prefer war and
llberty, to pace and tyranny. If we mat light the
last battle between the ciphers and the adllione—be.
tween the Kings and the people—between enar, vies, and
absolutism, and injustice, and tenth, virtue, civilization,
and freedom, let us have it begun and terminated as
roes as possible. Louie Philip, by his timidity and avarice,
aided by the Outgoes and the Peden of France, has
already given to the Austrian and Premien Governments
twelve months in which to arm—and I know of my own per-
sonal knowledge, that the Prussian and Austrian Ambasea..
theme
both epesk in very civil terms of Louie Philip for
the delay which bee thus been accorded, and for the dpre
tu_ Mlles thusalluded to Austria and Prussia to arm 1 'The
uoccrconsqls of Vienna and Bata are not, however, more
Fateful gaga the Coast of fit. Petersburg; for if Louis
Philip had understood the revolution al July, and
had marched with it, sad bskeersileedihis pima moo*
Illtsweas, or had merely required their eactlisiv-10 the
honour and glory 91 Prunes, and the bamboo ad Ositical
of minions ef the human rim, he might, la Nviambarlast,
and nen in 7ebruary Yet, have gives kudos to Mead,

Ito Belgium, to Italy, and to Spain. Never, in any pc,
of she history of France, were bet ambassadors treated wit!,
so judo respect; or her government with so much clum;
as they have been during the last six months ! At londO•;
the Prince Talleyrand was compelled to consent to an that
Prussia, Russia, and Austria demanded with reference.
Belgium, before he was allowed to take a part in the ear,
(mums—and when he ventured subsequently to difl4 from
;
the other representatives of foreign powers, le wit ea.
even invited to the meetings ; but the discussions pro.
ceded, and Talleyrand was obliged to give way, at a saor
all the old treaties as the basis of the protocol,. Limit
Itr
had dons this, he was not looked upon as worthy to belong
an Holy Alliance of 1831 ; but since then he has been re.
ccived with courtesy and jesuitical politeness. Talett...!
has governed at London the Minister of Foreign Main .t
Paris. M. Mole objected to this; but Sebastian' 112.
eted not only this, but a million of other insults and 'njvi.:
Talleyrand is for peace at all prices! Why is this? Ti;
day will come when I shall state all this, with name,.
and facts ; but, till then, I shall abstain from assigning err.
reason. The fact remains, and the fart is momentow.
Petersburgh, France is represented by the very same Amiss.
sailor who represented Charles X. The Eniperot Nichols,
would receive no one else ! Louis Philip was culled to implore
the Duke of Mortemart to leave Paris for Russia, as the oil,
means of preventing war; though I have nothing to urge acne t
the Duke of Mortemart, either as a man or an Ambasalar,
yet he knows full well how very, vay often in his presence,
during the last six months, the Government of France
and Louis Philip, and the Revolution of July, have been in.
tutted by the Emperor, and by Ms ageota ; and the mere fat.
of the Duke of Mortemart being there as the French Arnir.s.
seder, is an insult to the July Revolution; for it goesto
that the Revolution is afraid of itself—that the King plates no
confidence in those who made that Revolution.—and 11.:.•
Louis Philip is obliged to have recourse to those men
for his Ambassadors, Ministers, and servants, Its
arc necessarily attached to an old order of dings
and eves to an old dynasty. How is it possible to insult
France more than by such a line of conduct, and by such Dr.
minadoos ? and if we look a little further, and ernmin: a
little closer, we may ask what has the Duke of Mortemart
dove Ow the cause of our Revolution. or for the cause of
liberty at St. Petersburgh ; Just nothing at all ! Ido not
blame him for this • but I blame Louis Philip and ins
doltish Councillors. The French Government has offered it,
mediation to Russia, in favour or on behalf of Poland ! Well,
was the offer accepted ? No—rejected with disdain. The
French Government then protested and implortd ; in:
the protests were laughed at, and new troops were rem
to the banks of the Vistula. So again at Berlin ! Whln
first the Revolution broke out in France, the rnocl.
Minister in Prussia was charged to assure his Alajesty
of the perfect friendship of Louis Philip, and of his tit.
sire to continue an alliance which was dear to France'
How were such friendly Wen and wishes received?
Why with contempt and disdain. Prussia armed, and
France asked why ? " Because it is my pleasure," said the
King ; and Lotto Philip put up with the insult. Sine,'
then, Prussia stated that she should not interfere on halal;
of Russia against Poland, and Louis Philip privately re.
joiced to hear this. But the Prussian Government made
this voluntary promise when it thought that the Poles would
be crushed in a sfew weeks. Since then it has altered its
mind. For a long time past, as I have told you over and
over again, when no one else knew the fact—it has been
siding Russia, and crushing the Poles. French passports
were treated with disdain at Berlin.and all through Prussia;
and whenever the French Minister applied for reams he
could never procure any. The pliant man who remains
our interests at Berlin has been insulted fifty times by the
Prussian Government, and his patriotic bean has been ready
to break when he has found all his rentoostrance§ to his own
as well as to the Prussian Government of no avail. At
length the Court of Berlin has ao longer concealed its Mtn•
lions, and it has loudly proclaimed " that it is inactive, but
not neutral" Casimir Peeler would brook this insult and
submit to this injury rather than endanger the pike of
the funds by warlike demonstrations! and, lazily,
what has been the position of our Minister it Vi-
enna ? Phials/it moat pitiable ! He was craned to
demand his passports if the Austrian arm) entered the
States of Modems oe Parma. but they entered in spite of his
threats. Then he was ordered to stay at Vienna and de.
mend his passports, in ease the troops should sneer the Papal
States. Yet they did enter, and be woe told to Nip. Tbet
he was ordered to leave ;if the Austrian troops Minot pit
Romania by a given day; but they did Dotend yet
the ambassador was directed to remain. Than ax
is isms
fixed and then another—one arrangement repass" Mid the
another; but all were violated by AnsBll6.nni hem was
a thousand times insulted—yet the androssaise einflused at
lirienna. At length the troops kit the Pori Mass, Wooly
for the frontiers, ready to return at a mensent's nodes ; awl
then the ambassador ventured to ask why Annals mmlnual
to arm ? What was the reply ? An- ensse, gala
significant shrug. " Austria mined Mama It Omni die
Emperor ! It *aka, "
I could go on to Holland, and te
Italy; but my letter behead of grist loge.
LISBON MAILS— WV= THIS DAY.
LISION:GASZTTE, July IL—Department of Foreign
Affairs. To the Minister of Marine s

' Sir—lt haring been determined by the 18th article of the
agreement made on the 14th inst. with the Admiral of the
French squadron at anchor in the Taps, that the ships of
war Orestes and Urania, captured by the French sqsadror.
' and which are now in the port of Brest, shall be iestored,
with all their effects, I have the honour to inform your fir.
cellency of the same, that you may take the proper steps sc.
cordingly.
July 15, 1830.

Viscount de Santarem to the Royal Board of Gumtree:
"It having been determined by the 18th article of the agree.
meat made on the 14th inst. with the Admiral commanding the
French squadron at anchor in the Tagus, that Portagueee
merchantmen, which have been captured and seat into Frame
shall be restored, with their cargoes, his Majesty the Ming
has been plessed to order that the Royal Board of Commerce
shall cause the same to be publicly enneeneed, the the Fa'
sons interested may cause these vessels to be cooducted from
the port of Brest, where they now are, to their retie emth
nation, which yaw lbandiency reins** to the Bead"
The Dries Comilite flan the lids le the nib nuke Do
mender of the taineeedeen between the Illemprne °ersra•
man and the "tenth Athol:W.

DUTCH PAPERS R THIS DAY.

H*our, Ana. 2.—The Prince of Orange has just pub:
Halted the following

OIDID, Or THE DAY.

" Called by the will of my father nod my Bing, to take
the command of the army, I place myself at your head on
the some day on which be pronounced the word' Forwards •
The testimonies of 'Action and fidelity 'which you have
never ceased to give to the Ring and the country, and which
may serve as a sublime example to the people of Europe, to
give me a sure pledge of the valour which yea we going to
display on the field of battle. Them, pethape, in a few dap.
we shall have to combat for the true interests of the ceunttl•
and to obtain advantageous °mations of separate
from those provinces which have withdrawn them*
selves from the authority of the same Prince, for whom we
are ready to sacrifice our lives and our dearest interests.
" But, at tee same time that he has recourse to arms, rte
King, as the true father of his subjects, does not dediee
negocisdoes, however fruitless they have hitherto boet•
His Plenipotendaries to the conference at London will there
continue to defend the rights of ,the maim. For myself,
feel the whole importance of the hanteriabls task impooa
on me by the King. It will doubtless be rendered eery
your courage, on which I rely with csafideoce, when 1 re•
collect the valour of so many =dent cempaelsoe in sal,
whom I again sesame% you, and when I meat the history
which teethes me what the country may expect hem it'
commis] guard, and its volunteers.
" Sines the days of Queen Bras and Waled.% the nu
does whisk we now nears bad been empended. Ince dm
time, may events at cam import's* and harpy bad piala"
when lest year deplorable circumstances Aided ors csuattY•
Ely duties end will of the King base caned me to take
ode* peek la the !Me plaided Ado of the Belk:hods.—
AU my sedany words, and When', bed but we lejec4
that :te weaving tbs !loge= hem dos diseran,wilich
