~ -
~


. Wellington's Government, and at another to oppow
because there were those in the borough who wished to
to the King and faithful to his Ministers. it seemed they
be ousted from their houses. They were met on the
. occasion to see what the people ought to do whoa
attacked, and he congratulated them on having present at t
moment an eminent lawyer (Mr. Serjeant Wilde) who woald •
'em the best advice in that condition. Fortis own poet, as
to civil and religious freedom, he should always etrows
Itiments regardless of their consequences. His °biota at'
was merely to move that the report be adopted by dm

Meeti.
W. Kate, in seconding this motion, said he had a few
to make on the style and manner of the Duke of New.
answer to their communication. His Gra saki, that
he nor his ancestors bad ever been oppressive oce
r tyrannical.
rds. (A laugh.) He realty knew not whether they bad •
such ; but he wished at the same time to know ilia
_: bounty or benevolence they had heaped upon the borough.
(A cry of " None.") Was it benevolent for his Grate to
eject a long roll of tenants who had for many yeari Mandy
paid their rent, and for doing merely what the law enjahled
them to do? (Hear. hear, hear.) They were bound to
send fit and honest representatives to Parliament. Was it gelds
in the Duke, because they wished to do so, to come down wait
them with the penalty of ejectment? (Cries of a Shame.") MN
the Constitution bind them to send only his Grace's nominee? WM
that what be called his rights? (" Perish the thought," exclaimed eia
old man in front of the hustings.") There was the case of Thos. Bell,
who had for 53 years paid four times the value of the fee simple
of the estate he held under the Duke, now about to he ejected.—
Was that what his Grace called " even handed justiee?" When
his Grace,then, talked of his bounty, he should have specified
what he meant. True, about ten years ago, be had Id his name
down for 201 in a soup subscription for the town ; but that was all
be had been able to learn of his munifittenee--(A laugh). He sup.
posed the soup was intended just to keep the voters alive until the
following spring, when the time recurred of sending more of the
Duke of Newcastle's Members to Parliament to tax the people
further for his Grace's dependents. But he talks of his " inherent
rights of property." Are these to be understood to extend to the
consciences of his tenantry, and to their ejectment whenever they
venture to think for themselves? What if should the Crown, on the
expiration of his Grace's lease of crown lands, imitate his example and
pay him in the same coin? He would, no doubt, call that unfair
yet he had no compunction in practising the same treatment upon
others who were, he supposed, too weak to resist his mandate.
When the day came, be hoped these lands would be let to the
public ; at all events, no change could be worse than that to
which they were at present exposed by Ma Grace's Borough pro-

pentities.
The first Resolution was then unanimously adopted.
Mr. Knit wished to add one remark to what he had already
said, and it implicated Mr. Sadler. That gentleman went to Mr.
Cutts, the butcher, in Mill-gate, and said he was sorry be bad not
had more regard for his own interest than to go against his land-
lord. This was a pretty way for an independent man to get into
Parliament. The law of England always said, that when there
was a wrong there was a remedy. They had obeyed the law
Newark, and yet they were to be turned out f their tenements.in
As Mr. Sergeant Wilde was present, perhaps they would hear bis
opinion of what was their best course under such extraordinary
circumstances.
Mr. Serjeant Warm then came forward, and was received
with the loudest cheers. He said that he should have held
himself subject to great censure, and should have likewise
thought himself deprived of a great privilege, had be not pre-
sented himself before the inhabitants of Newark upon this
occasion. He had come amongst them on a former occasion
to ask a favour, tad for the same purpose he hoped to see
them again for many years. (Cheers.) In the days of their
prosperity he hoped be should not be found absent, but in the
days of their trouble and of their oppression he would not be away.
(Loud applause.) He knew of nu moment when such a town
as this, possessing the elective franchise, bad so great a right
to expect in attendance these who were, or sought to be, its
representatives in Parliament, than when tyranny, perversion
of law, was in full operation to deprive freemen of the exer-
cise of that right, by virtue of which only could members
tie fairly chosen. That time had arrived in Newark, and he
appeared before them as was alike his inclination and duty.
(Cheers.) In one sense be regretted that he was here as it were
alone ; be hardly thought he should have been unaccompanied by
their representative on such an occasion. Mr. Sadler bad had no-
tice of their proceedings, nor could he frame a plausible, much less
a reasonable excuse, for that gentleman's absence ; be was their
member ;be was the friend of the noble Duke. In every view of
his situation this was the moment when he ought not to have aban-
doned them. If they were right in their complaint that crying in-
justice was about to be inflicted upon them for exercising their
franchise, who but their representative ought to be first called to
vindicate them from tech a wrong? He (Mr. Wilde) up to this
moment disbelieved that Mr. Sadler could have been a sent; for
though he could imagine reasons why the Duke of Newcastle should
not be forthcoming, be could imagine none for their member,
unless he was prepared to desert Newark for ever. Otherwise he
could not be indifferent to such a question as this. Surely he
he had not left directions at his counting-house that no letters
but invitations to dinner should be forwarded after him into
the country. He attended a dinner at Newark and another at
Whithy ; but when his constituents complained of public wrong, he
was no where to be found. Mr. Sadler was bound in justice to be
here • and he would take leave to say, aye, in justice to himself,
he had' stood alongside him upon the beatings, and had hoped not
to have missed him just at the moment when the iron hand of op-
pression was wresting from his constituents the elective franchise.
It was true that at the hustings he had not answered the questions
which he (Mr. Serjeant Wilde) bad put to him : he bad, how-
ever, since made the reply in the absence of those who could have
confuted him, and after having been refreshed by these dinner in.
vitations—(A laugh). It was to be lamented that be had absented
himself on the day of all others when his attendance was most
wanting. They had heard that Mr. Sadler had, in speaking
to an elector, regretted he had gone against his landlord, and
intimated some knowledge of the penalty thereby incurred by the
landlord. Had he, then, been of the committee who had settled
these notices? If so, what angry remonstrance did he make to this
unprincipled aggression upon the rights of freemen? He ought to
have been here to have stated how he came by tie knowledge
which be had glanced at, and have explained the character of the
little coterie from which it sprung. Why had be not answered
their invitation to attend ? Had it been to him a subject of so
much consideratioo that the time of attending it had gone by during
the reflection upon it, or of so much tribulation that he knew not
hew to deal with it? He ought, indeed, either on his own account
or oo that of the Duke, to have been present upon such an occa-
sion. They were met today, as Mr. Sadler must have known,
to consider matters of the deepest importance, nut only to the
constituency of Newark, but to that of the whole kingdom. He
did not mean to exaggerate the magnitude of this day's question
When be spoke of its operation upon the principle of the elective
franchise. He well knew, indeed, from the proceedings of Patna.,
meat, what had been tolerated in the business of elections; but be
would fearlessly venture to say, that the present was the boldest
attempt which had ever in late times been made to subjugate the
elective franchise in England. Notwithstanding the power and
galling yoke of the oppressor, they were yet bound to be moderate,
though firm in their resistance. The presence of so many ladies was
a sure proof that moderation would characterise their proceedings.
and that order and obedience to the laws would be the rule of their
conduct ; in fact, obedience to the law was essential for the mainte-
nance of everyvaluable right which it was in theis power to enjoy. He
lamented that neither the Duke nor his agent was present on this
occasion. His Grace might, perhaps, be considered too high to
attend them, but at least he might have sent his agent ; they ought
to have at least the benefit of his relents. (the name of the agent
of the Duke of Newcastle is Tenants). (A laugh). For they had
not, as was rumoured, been hid under a napkin Surely if these
people felt like other men, they would not have been absent on
such an occasion as this. Still, though absent, they would not
escape observation. There was a power above them which would
awaken their attention, and compel them to hear of their own
acts; that power was the bulwark of British liberty, the priess,—
of
which would ring throughout the kingdom the oppreoen
their wrong doings. That press was, in England, thank God, om-
nipotent against oppression, because it ought to be, when it advocated
the rights of the oppressed against the sway of wealth and power.
(Cheers.) It only deserved encouragement while employed for
purposes so essential to the public safety. If Parliament bad
grown corrupt. it was because the people had not in past times the
sentinel of the press to guard their liberty ; but these tines had
passed, and with them the power to lord over the poor and honest,
who were determined to assert the rights which belonged to their
station (Cheers.) He spoke, then, under an awful responsibility,
for what be said would go before the world, mid it be could 'not
serve his fellow-countrymen he had no derire to aggravate'their
rvilsty showing how practically their dent might be an cited
froth them. On this uccaslou.,every person who could read a iftw,
paper would sit in judgment upon what felt from. hint. lie Mat
going to- examine the conduct of a man wh powssed 'rata;
power, and property, all of which he feared' It would he tetrad be
had abused for the must mischievous writes. He knew; indeed,
that there were examples of abuses arisiligoolit of 'lbis lad' of in-
• never before, as far as he had ever heard, bad they
to this satent,—never home was there an exempt
degree of pretension to influence, site the payment oPthe
n for property also. Rank would also have its claim for
respect, not because it was necessarily accompanied with

ft
r; *1

.:aw ~ ^sst)s.:
..~~p.: .~.''

,14 t

Amore intelligence, but that It ,illpimeed._to be actuated by
bieher motives for the regulation of human conduct. Where, how-
ever, men of rank
exposed
were found to use their pelmet*/ .
,evil; they were ex to, patilie anhnadversiers. If the law idid
not reach them, public opinion could t end, thank God. threatener*,
,no means of escaping at least from that tribunal.. The.Detkepf
Sevicastte said in his letter thee he was doing what. the law
~jestillied. Let him take are bow he relied upon that impression,
„Anditow he ventured to set at nought theireisht of public opinion
throughout the country. Did they complain of his Grace's con-
-Awl without cause? They knew it was their duty to vote accord.
,ing to their consciences in the return of their representatives • for
. upon the exercise of that right depended the safety of their lives,
their religion, and property. For the protection of so valuable
a right old laws had been enacted. which were fortified by sub-
, seqbent statutes. The Duke of Newcastle was miserably edu-
. cued if this knowledge had not reached him. He might to know,
that it was not necessary to take money to come within the pur-
view of these statutes. To take any consideration was sal-
e:teat' to bring -the offender within the pale of the law, and the
. penalty was £5OO for every suck offence, besides the perpetual
disqualification of the individual; the patty offering, as well as
the party taking this consideration, directly or indirectly, was
alike implicated. In these remarks, he did not mean to treat
the Duke of Newcastle with rudeness, while be meant to visit him
with wholesale severity as a proud oppressor of the poor--es a
rich man trampling on the rights of the humble (hear, hear) and
for it he must be brought to the exposure of Parliamentary in-
q,uiry. (Hear, hear.) The Duke had mistaken, when he thought
that he was only exercising the just and legitimate rights of property,
he dared not avow the motive of such conduct, although be was
prepared to act upon its impulse. He knew well enough, that so
cautious was the law to guard against corrupt influence, that it
permitted any man to tender an oath at the hustings to the voter,
to assure himself against the practice of corruption ; and yet th;
Duke felt no compunction at exposing his tenants to such an
ordeal, bringing, as it did. into collidon their honesty and
corrupt dependency. This shameful avowal could not be
made in the face of Parliament. The question was, whether
In point of fact the law was morally evaded by the Duke of New-
castle, and acted upon in a tyrannical manner. His Grace, as well
as his member and agent had been fully apprised of the object of
this meeting : he knew fairly and above-board what was the cause
of their assembling. Had he not, then, by his conduct, admitted
they were right in the construction which they had put upon his
actions? If be had disavowed the motive imputed to him, then
there would have been no necessity for the Meeting. It was only
because of oppression the people of Newark complained ; they
meddled not with his Grace's real rights of property, even with
their most whimsical disposition. But unfortunately his Grace's
own statement confirmed all their &prehensile**, and established
the case against him. The Duke says, "If I rightly under-
stand the objects of the requisitionists it is to assert the
cause of freedom and independence." in no other sense, in-
deed, could he have understood their object, or suppose the words
to be used. He goes on to state, "no man on earth values both
more than I do. But how does it appear that he valued them?
Why, as a commodity to sell—(Hear). He insisted upon having
their votes for his nominee, and if they gave them not to-day, they
must prepare to be ejected to-morrow. Did his Grace know on
what liberty depended in such a country as England. It meant the
privilege of free and unbiassed action—it meant that, and nothing
else—(Hear). Nut so his Grace's construction of it ; he loved free-
dom, but it was the freedom of doing wrong,—it was the indepen-
dence of moral restraint,—not that the electors should have the
privilege of voting as they wished, but as he thought.—.
This. was loving them with the vengeance—killing them
with kindness—(A laugh). His Grace proceeds to ay,
But as I respect the liberty of others, so must I dethand that
others shall not attempt to interfere with that freedom and in-
dependence which is my right, as well as theirs." What did
be mean by these words? Suppose the bribery oath were ten-
dered to any voter whose conscience bad yielded to his 'interest,
would not the Duke, not the elector, be the man who had tam-
pered with his dependent's feelings, and compelled him against
freedom and independence to violate his sacred duty? Suppose it
to be the case of his (Mr. Wilde's) poor old friend Bell, new sink-
ing with age, and scarcely leaving life :enough remaining to eh
utterance to his wrong, what would be his condition if be yielded
to such tampering? The Judges of England would tell his
Grace what their sense would be of the relative guilt of Vie
two parties ; they bad already recorded it in the judgments which
they were wont to pass when the rich and the poor man were
brought as culprits to be sentenced fur bribery, and when they
made the former the signal victim. When his Grace talked
of Interference, be would ask him, who wanted to interfere
with his freedom or his rights? All the people wanted was
that be should not unduly and unjustly ammo' their rights of voting.
His Grace stood high in the community, and had rights and .pri.
vileses enough to command, but if he felt himself above the reach
of the law, he was at least not beyond the operation of public upi•
nioo ; there he had a tribunal before which. high as he was, be
must plead. When his Grace talked of claiming for himself what
he willingly conceded to others, he talked empty words, and more
particularly when he reminded them of what be called his inherent
rights of property. He had, to be sure, like every other man, the
right to use his own property, but, as had been well said, Imbed
no right to abuse it ; he had no right, under the pretence of
the administration of his property.. to barter the cousciences
of poorer men—(Hear, hear). Why, Mt. Sadler himself had de-
nounced such conduct, and put his sentiments upon it on record in
his book upon Ireland, where (in page 117) they would find this
remarkable passage :—" So far it will be said the owners of land
have a perfect right to do what they will with their own." Now.
unless Mr. Sadler gave his Grace an abridgement of the work,
the Duke must have read this passage—" This is a notion,"
says Mr. Sadler, " which I will not pause to discuss, for it has
probably been the apology for more cruelty and oppression than
all the others which ever existed." This strong language was
milled to the ejectment of the poor Irish tenantry, perhaps the
Duke of Newcastle did not think it applied to his tenants in New-
ark. Surely, it the people could call any thing their own, it ought
to be their consciences; and it was of these that his Grace deter-
mined to bereave them, when he thought proper to set up mem-
bers of Parliament. The Duke said, " Whilst the laws of England
exist and are respected. 1 shall permit no clamour, nor threats, nor
even force itself, to deter me from doing as I may think fit with
my own property." What could his Grace have been thinking of
when he penned this passage? Did he not know that a law ex-
isted against the very conduct he was pursuing? Did he not
know that the law denounced corrupt interference at elections?
Did be not know that the law denounced as penal the
attempt to bribe honest men for their votes at elections ?
So that, from the beginning to the end, the Duke seemed to mis-
understand and misinterpret the force and cogency of legal obliga-
tions. In another part his Grace said," My advice to those who
deceive themselves with the notion that they are acting as becomes
free-born Englismen, is to obtain the well-balanced scale of even-
handed justice." Why did not the Duke act upon this whole-
some advice himself ? Why talk of even-handed justice, when the
will was to be all on one side,—when the only alternative held out
to the tenant was, " vote for my man, or else walk out of my
tenement ?" And this he called the scale of even-handed justice! He
was afraid that it would be impossible to put his Grace's phrase
into any scale in which it would not kick the beam at the first
attempt to balance it. Indeed, the Duke of Newcastle's letter, in
some respects, resembled his friend Mr. Sadler's speeches. There
was a great deal said, but nothing proved. He remembered the
story of the man at the Borough election, whose hint for speaking
was confined to three words—via. slavery, liberty, and chains.
(A laugh.) Now his Grace's vocabulary was genuine free-
dom, constitutional rights, cause of freedom and hide.
pendence. His use of the tights of property was the abuse
of them, to the cruel injury of those who were thought to be in
his power, and in contravention of all the principles of jus-
tice. His Grace further on said, in conclusion, " I must remind
those of the inhabitants of Newark who suffer themselves to be led
to suppose that they have cause of complaint against me, that nei-
ther I nor my ancestors have ever been oppressive or tyrannical
landlords. The very reverse is the well-known fact. In us the
town of Newark has on all occasions found ready and prominent
benefactors by us the deserving poor and needy have always been
regarded with steady kindness aud condderation, and not to suit the
mere purposes of the day." What did all this mean? Where did his
Grace acquire the power of lecturing the people of Newark upon
the duties intpoted by his benevolence? Where and when had they
sold to .him their birth-right for a mess of pottage? (s. Of soup"
cried a voice in the crowd.) Well, then, be it of soup (A laugh.)
As to the great benefits conf:rrrd by his Grace.acd his ancestors,
they had the singular fortune of not being remembered by any
body perhaps these benefaction, had come among them like
angels' visits—" few and far between." But were they known
.instead of being unknown. was gratitude for favours to con.lit
In a devotion which compromised honour and conscleoce? (Cries
of " No.") What improvement •bad he achieved for theit town?
Where were the mouumenteot his family's munillcace? Who of
the deserving had he protected —of the Reedy had he succoured?
(Cries of " None ') " Why," exclaimed an old man, "be rubbed
my etaeat.son." (A laugh ) He had discovered no mold of `hie
Orate'aphoooty.i. heyorid hue mite:able.: pittance of.:the. h
...up subscription-41m oldest inhabitant ,remenalpred whip, elm
Alltthat ho had•been.alsks to *Jeer* off.hie...Gthee't. inetqlni
swition to the borought.was. .that at certain, lied/Alija visite
he, took upon himself the.. e., of uoinhistiltffanrethcril of
-Parhantent ..for •them. .The• .e WD -et this., letter ~was--* I
ten the emostact friend. of. your.buthesh ;!sete. are. ma ski my
word.fotellithis, andmin...to- tremble • .yonet..eimecieneete,abeet, the
mode in which I 41311 call upon you to use your, or either my,
elective franchise." Now, haw stood the Duke of Newcastle's

. •

:

.1

4

tohilui so Siegel bess cotovote be ND
PArnitata tae
tend-
pettish the recusants bingos they "o*r than
03114rallls claimed digtight of inheOce, bet of what. 140,7
Alen of liapeasel Net that which justly arose from the booollsial
: application, of Ms —not that which gratitude freely gave ha
morn for although he doubted whether even gratitede
.ought to extend W such a weight of onerous obligation)—but a
wholesale dominion of conscience over those who held teammates
!under him, in defiance of reason, law, and justice. Ile feared,
indeed, that these bad often been much of corruption at elections.
. This he knew, had been to a certain degree tolerated, but never
to the extent now claimed by the Duke of Newcastle--(llear).
The Learned Sergeant here produced a large bundle of notices of
ejectment, received by those of the inhabitants who had voted
against the Duke's nominee at the last election, and condemned in
the strongest terms this perversion of the rights of property. If
this were to continue, the Duke might indeed people his tene-
ments with his voters, but from them all sense of conscience should
be fled. Indeed he should like to see the placard fur the next
letting of this part of his Grace's property. If properly composed
it should run thus A number of houses to be let in the borough
of Newark, to tenants who will vote as the landlord com-
mands, and not trouble themselves upon points of conscience :
rent not to be paid in money, but in corruption."(A laugh).
The more immediate question, however, was, what was to be date
in the present juncture of their affairs? In point of law, it was ex-
tremely difficult to restrain men in the disposidon of their property,
because sometimes the cunning and craft of the man concealed the
true grounds of his actions. Thus, when a poor woman complained
to his Grace's agent—" Sir, my husband has got notice to quit : be
always paid his rent punctually, but I ani.afraid this is done because
at the last election he voted blue." " I know he has had the no.
tice."—replied Mr. Tallents, " but, mind, I don't talk of reds or
blues, we want and must have these houses for our frienda."—
This was the way in which these matters were transacted, so that
there was the greatest difficulty in bringing the matter home to the
individual, so as to implicate him legally ; he would, however. take
care to have each case separately examined, and where the real
motive could be traced, to have it fairly put to the telk of a trial.
(Cheers.) If this should, however, in its details, prove to be a
deed of darkness—U the motives should be effectually concealed,
and flagrant proof of their detection he found impossible,—let
them, at all events, go before Parliament with theft complaint.
(Applause.) Let them . petition and specify all the facts to the
House of Commons, setting nothing down in malice, nor extenu-
ating aught. It will then be seen if the House of Commons could
afford them any protection. At all events, good must arise,
from the general agitation of their grievance —it would be
borne on the wings of the press, and public opinion would
operate upon the mind of the Duke of Newcastle, and
make him rue the day he oppressed his tenants In Newark.
Here the learned serjeant went into a detail of many of tbe
proceedings of the late election, the assertions of Mr. Sadler
that it was to be a fair-fought battle between the Reds and
the sues, and Mr. TaUent's silence when be was called upon
to withdraw the Duke's ban from the refractory electors. The
effects of his Grace's displeasure had convened the present
meeting ; but he must remark, that it was not alone the Sees
who had been monied, the Reds were likewise insulted. (Hear.)
No man henceforth could be a tenant of the Duke of Newcastle
who dared to have a will of his own. They must qualify for his
houses, by a sacrifice of their independence. It was once said to an
applicant for admission Into a female asylum for particular subjects,
"Have you been vicious?" The girl replied in the negative ; and was
then told to go and sinis a preliminaryqualification to reader her ad-
missible. (A laugh.) So it would be in the borough of Newark—
the qualification of the tenants would be the sacrifice of their civil
rights. It had been said that the influence he had the honour of having
among them bad been acquired by bribery ; and a good honest
man in a London newspaper had said, that of all the shameful
and scandalous systems of bribery ever carried on, nothing was to
be compared to Mr. Sergeant Wilde's at Newark.--(A laugh). That
it beat hollow the Grampound breakfasts and the lichester horse-
radish. " Oh," said he, " there was actually a bill stuck up in dig
town beaded, Dr, Wilde's sovereign remedy."—(A laugh). The
fact was, some wag had imposed upon the London editor a quack
doctor's bill, which happened to be placarded la the town at the
time of the election, and ascribed it to him. Indeed be wished he bad
it in his power to furnish them with a sovereign remedy. Until
he could find one, however, be hoped to prepare a dose for the
Duke of Newcastle. which, with such good nurses as the electors
of Newark, would, he hoped, soon abate the disorder. (A laugh.)
—Here the Learned Sergeant, in the most energetic manner, de-
clued that he bad neither directly nor indirectly given .a bribe to
a single individual, and he pledged himself solemnly that he never
would. He hado he avowed, the ambition to get into Parliament;
but if be could not get a seat by fair means he scorned to obtain
one by foul. Indeed he had heard that the ordinary and necessary
legal expenses of the election had been paid for him out of the
Treasury. (A laugh.) He must say, in reply to this assertion, that
he did not find that to be the case at his banker's. He concluded
by a reiterstion of the principal topics of his speech, and by an as-
surance of his steadfast attachment to the persecuted electors of
Newark. Wherever he found oppression, there should he present
resistance; but it would be, as he knew theirs would, a legal and
just opposition—one bounded by the law and sanctioned by its
principles—(Loud cheers.) ,
On the motion or Mr. lone Hum, seconded by Mr. Guam.
a committee was then formed to organize the proper resistance to
the proceedings of the Duke of Newcastle; and thanks were
afterwards voted to the chairman.
Mr. &dram Wang again came forward, and said that some
objections had been made to his paying a visit to Newark, lest his
calling upon the electors should have any tendency to withdraw
them from their usual occupations,. lie could not concur in this
opinion; he should therefore stay to pay his respects to as many
of them as he could for a few days ; and at the same time be need
not add what confidence he placed in their sense of the propriety of
attending to their own specific duties, and maintaining their just
vase by every demonstration of their reliance upon the laws and
lonstitution of their country for their vindication from oppression.
:five Meeting then separated with loud cheers.

SPORTING INTEL- LIGENCE.
NEWMARKET JI—'IIrriTdERTING. ism
The entry for the July Stakes next year, has closed as follows
Doke bf Graftott's b. c. by Renillus—Pawn.
b. f. by Ilandius—Witizgig.
br. f. by Truffle—Zinc.
Lord Exeter's ch. c. by Sultan—Miss Cantley.
f. by Centaur--Duleisea•
Lord Tavistock's c. by Middleton—Lyrnessa.
Mr. Beeen's Brother to Lapdog.
ch. f. Flourish, by Pardus.
Mr. Wilson's ch. c. by Cans—Astoolihment's darn.
Mr. Stonehewer's Sister to the Lien.
Sir M. Wood's ch. f. by Burgtindt—Zolieka.
hr. f. by Fipro--Victorine.
Lord Anson's c. by Morisco—lna.
Doke of Richmond's f. Syma, by Swiss.
Lord Vendain's f. by St. Patrick—Britannia.
Colonel Yates's Lochinvar, by Swap. •
Lord Cheeterhaid's c. by Enallius. d. by Seam.
Lord Jersey's f. by Middleton—Elatedly.
Doke of Budand's br. c. by Partisan. d. by Andrew.
Mr. Dilly'sb. f. Marebioness,by Egiiintom
Mr. Cblfney's e. by Enellina--Ptmy.
f. by Benillos—Surpriee.
Mr. Sowerby's Sir Thomas, by Abjer.
Pettit's b. a Zang, by Morisco.
Mr. D. Radcliffe's b. c. by Whalebone—Riectress.
b. f. by ?dustacheo—Belvoirtna.
Lord Cleveland did not ume.
HUNTING.
The Cheltenham Harriers coMmenced their hunting season on
Monday last, in the neighbourhood of Prestbory, and toot with
good sport on the hills. The late heavy rains have caused sad
havoc among the leveret, and old barn, several hall been found
dead in the fields. Notwithstanding, sport is expected to be good,
as many Geodemen will not ilk* hares to be shot on their estates,
reserving them for the harrier--an example we hope to tee oaten-
sally adopted.
POLICE INTELLItENCE.
BOW-IrIEET.
Tam New Poucx.—Among the night charges brought before
Mr. Mnismou, wasooe against a man chatted with an offence
against the Vagrant Act, who did not appear..
Mr. Moment. asked the reason of this and Preece, the in-
spector, replied that be understood the man had been allowed to
go about his business.
Mr. Muumuu said, that such an exercise of authority was
highly improper ; the police had no discretion, and it was their
bounden duty to bring every individual whom they took in charge
before a Magistrate.
Pcoece said, that be was not the officer on duty when the charge
was taken.
Mr. Haus observed, that the officer who had the charge was
the person who ought to have been In attendance. Great difficulty
would arise if the officers of the night were not to be present to
answer any accusation, either fog neglect or misconduct, which
they might be guilty o. In the present instance a person who had
been taken into custody was allowed to go about bh busiese, and
the parties who suffered this irregularity were not present to ex-
plain their condom. . •
Preece teitis be eltderleked Me escape bid been effected la a mo.
moot of hurry, and without the Miedon of the offiiitis oil duty,
who, however, did not thirtklhe mile at all important.
Mr. Mnisnots.—They have no right to think at all about the
matter. They should have allowed the alagiweates to decide that
question. It is to be hoped that there will not bE a recurrence of
this conduct in future.
Preece then'said that he would report the matter to the proper
authorities.
Smee, a patrol, who bad been rejected by the Commissioners of
the new Police, applied to know the offence of which be had been
guilty .to warrant that rejection, as he himself was'aware of none,
and be therefore thoight it *Strange to be sentenced without trial.
He had served three years In the old estaislishment, and had never
Merited a reprimand during the whole of that time.
Mr. Thomas, the superintendent, said the rejection was the act
of Sore himself. and not of the Commissipoers. On be Saturday
the men assembled before the Foundling Hospital to receive their
clothe, ; Since positively deehired tbit be wouTd not serve among
a set of men, many of whom he knew to be persons of suspicious
character, and one, in particular, whom be nailed, be accused of
having been coccerms4 in " smaybing." This map, it was true.
had been in custody for en offence of that nature, but had, after a
minute investigation into the circumstances of 'the dam; WAS-dis-
charged ; wherefore the Commissioners, having received an excel-
lent character with him, did not think 01 might to dist*, bitp
Sir R. Bums observed, that in collecting such a body of men.
the greatest caution would W insufficient. to insure theist to be all
men of good character.
Sane..—Well, but your Worship, am I to be sent adrift merely
for speaking the truth?
Sir Bxnatto said, that he bad no power to interfere, and if
Some felt aggrieved be must apply elsewhere.
MARLBOROU G H- STREET.
Two brothers, one a naval officer, and the other a gentleman re-
cently returned from the East Indies. were, on the complaint of
two of the new police constables, fined five shillings each for being
intoxicated and knocking at the doors of several houses near Ler-
cester-tquare.
A gay lady, who has adopted the title of Mrs. Wellesley. was Aped
Ss. far being drunk, and making a noise at the Saloon, in Piccadilly.
at two o'clock yesterday morning.
In a case in which one of the new police had been assaulted by a
respectable tradesman, Mr. Conant, addressing the Inspector of the
Division, said it was a case of that description in which he shottld
advise some remuneration to be made to the injured party. He
(Mr. Conant) therefore wished to know how far such a practice
would be consistent with the new regulation'? '
The Inspector said, the constables were twit allowed to accept of
any remuneration without the concurrence of theCummiadontrs, to
wham be would take care to make a eeptinof the case.
Mr. Cosimir directed the defendant t!ia retire with the constable,
and, in case they could settle die affair, thCaniount or the com-
pensatioa was to be placed in the Inspector's bands, to abide the
decision of the Commissioners.
H ATTON-.G ARI)Ex.
.7efotes Hill, by trade a shoemaker, was • brought before Mr.
Room's, charged with robbery, under the following circumstances :
Mr. G. H. Dred, currier and leather cutter, residing in Turn-
mill street. deposed, that yesterday morning the prisoner came to
his shop and said be wanted some leather. There being no one in
shop but witness,be told the prisoner to go int:. the warehouse at the
back of the shop, and look out what he wanted. Prisoner went into
the warehouse,where he remained for a few minutes; on his return
he was leaving the shop, when witness saw some leather sticking
out from under his apron; witness asked him what he had got?
he replied nothing; witness then pulled front under his apron the
two large pieces of leather produced by the officer. Prisoner then
fell down on his knees and asked to be forgiven. Witness called
in an officer, and gave the prisoner into custody. Witness stated
he had no doubt he had frequntly robbed him in the same non.
net hefore, as be generally contrived to come to the shop when no
one was in it hut hiniself.
The prisoner was committed for trial.
- -
.RARE TI3ILS FOR NEWIPAPERS..-111111 IS to inform
my friends and customers, that on Saturday next, this newspaper
will be sold for a penny; and'be continued at Mit price ; but
vertisements will be taken in gratis as formerly. Tim reason of my
raising it to a penny is, because the number I print is too pro.
digiously great to be given away any longer; and I hope 'none
of IPe customers will thiAt it dear fix a penny. since they
shall alays have he best of intelligenee, besides other dive/don.—
Henryw Cosgrove,t printer of the Norwich newspaper. 7th •Dee.
1709.'

• I.IIIITHS.
Oet. 1, at Deal, the Lady of Sir J. Urinston, of a son.
Thursday se'nniglat, tote Lady of. Robert Henry Addison, Esq.
Qtreen's By., of a son and heir.
At Mack-rock, Cork, the Lady of Colonel M' )labon, French
Consul. of a daughter.

MARRIED.
At Fetus Church, Francis Weeks /FA. of Dublin, to Elisabeth,
eldest daughter of the late Percy L:ts,. Esti. of Tornio ow, in the
county of Wisford.
At Floience, Lieut.-Col. Brim, late, tsthilussars, to Eliza, only
daughter of the late Sir. G.. Temple. Rot.
At Fretiericktun. New Brunswick, William Prior. jun Esq. of
Halifax, Nova Scotia, to Mary, fifth 'dittgliter of the late
rieutr
Col. Rndyerd,, Royal Engineers.

On she-Aftiean station. hi Mailed, Dr. William's Burn, surgeon
of his ilajesiyrs 414 glen.
At Lanark,. Mr. William t:Tlsmenson, late wimp master, at the
•
advanced age of R 7.
Soodtty tast, Matilda, fifth dtsughter of Mr. Bowling, surgeons
Danspitenisith, aged 10 years.
Aube Fieetiiiy House, Broughton, klentingdonshire, Frances
Ana, wife of the: Revs T. J91'81640-
.41,14 pi: *7 Afga-ii- LCIR TO..)lt)tt
4- Morning .14,minutes atter 11
• _ 1111Intstoon 28 mentor; iffy

Immo Primed and Pia by Joao Mara. 4.46 g Olia-
Orrice, N.. 1, Plebou-place.Tentyls Das.

1111111111.1111111H'
Duke of
it; but bei
be loyal to
were to b
pregent oa
thus staid
this monte
give them
a friend b
his sentliv
piesent w
present M
Mr. W
remarks tt
castle's at
neither ha
landlords.
been sad
acts of be

IlLluenoec:
i ried
but
I of Ibis degro
full rent for I
public respei
