ROTTERDAM. FEBRUARY is.

The water in the cverflowed districts of AllisEa-
walrd continues to fall.

The subscription for the relief of the sufFerers by
the inundations, still continue; to produce consider-
able sums.

SPAIN.

The accounts from Spain contained in the Preach
Papers, enable us to judge of nothing more than the
positions of the I{6yal;,t forces up to the .Ith inst. but
with regard to the Constitutionalists, we are still lift
to vague surmise only. So active has been the Spanish
Police, that, from the commencement of the insur-
rection, we have known nothing of its progress that
has not literally passed through the enemy's camp.
It appears, however, that a column of 2000 men has
marched towards Tarifa, which place The Moniteur
informs its readers, « was extremely strong before
the last war, but now no traces of fortifications are
left." NVe should like to ask who destroyed them?
Tarifa is a fortified town of the third order, and,
during the late war, General COPONS, now Governor
of Barcelona, defended it against a strong division of
Sot:LT's army, and for this important service he ob-
tained the Cross of San Fernando, thy highest mili-
tary distinction in Spain, and which was only given
to him, WELLINGTON, and LACY. Cadiz, Alicant,
Carthagena, and Tarifa, were never taken by • the
French. The latter is not a place of resources, but
it is a valuable point d'appui.
Amidst so many vague details, we arc, however,
enabled to state satisfactorily the position of Colonel
11.1EGo on the Ist, so studiously kept secret, by pre-
senting to our Readers the Proclamation he on that
day addressed to the inhabitants of Algesiras, which
plaice he entered, amidst loud acclamations, the night
before. Like the one we published the other day,
it is filled with moderation and firmness, and dis-
tinctly bespeaks the views by which the Constitu-
tionalists are actuated. Their reception at Algesiras,
evinces they have nothing, to dread but from those
who immediately depend on the king, and this per-
fectly belies the many assurances to the contrary, in-
sidiously put forth in the French Papers under FER-
DINAND'S influence. We are, however, led to be-
lieve, that this division did not proceed to Tarifa,
but took the direct road to Algesiras. Our private
opinion is, that it will not return to La Isla, but pro-
ceed on to Malaga, &c. in order to give the people
a wider opportunity to express their sentiments.—
Their presence is not required in La Isla, as we
stated a few days ago : this position is sufficiently
strong to resist all the force FRRYRE can bring',
against it, even if he could rely on his soldiery. The
Constitutionalists have provisions for six months.
They are well supplied with money, for the regi-,
mental chests were complete when the insurrection
broke out. The greatest vigilance prevails among
them. The Ztiaao bridge is garrisoned by non-com-
missioned officers, and Inch also constitute the guard
of CALDERON and CISNEROS. The National Army
consists of the finest and most .experienced soldiery
in Spain. They are united and enthusiastic,
.and
every means are adopted to keep up this state of
feeling. Among other devices, cards have been
printed and distributed among the men, with these
words. on them—lf they conquer, you will be. em-
barked ; we conquer, we shall have laws : .
" Inhabitants of Akesirasf—The shouts of joy sail satisfac-

thou with which last night you rece.ived the N'Elqn.i! Tr•
■nder my command. convince me of your g,o:td semi 1-. e lid -
ardent dcsires that the systrm of oppi-cs-7'.on should no -
continue, which has reduced you to a state of nullity,
meta, and n,i,ery. This qate will now soon be breaht
close. The generous cry raised lty the Natian..l
the Aurora of happiness to our country. The towns in v.List.
is statiuncti have returtwd to those l.iws which in n: her
con,tituted their fsliciy. Front slaves, bent dawn ut.d:Y
shameful yoke. they' hive been chingc,l into freemen. 7...

trammels to their Sa:;:,.,try have diitirrQacka. at:4 the bop:: :!
their future zlory .r.l pruspetity has fur its surrert the dentiniei
of the laws, said' ought tr, be founded en the of the
tiun, and equal fur all the i:idividuals trovosin;,,

" Inhahitailts of Ahlciiras !—Fro.o List night you
entered into the Inir.py.niirrber. The Censtltutior,„
sighed for, is about to tr.: reinstatcd within your wall.i. 1., -
own choice shall give :c you :he Alar,i.itrates Ul!O tozol-e.
you, and the empire of the laws slr•llsopersedt: that of •
and caprice. Equal in their eye, r.o lorEtr dread -ariiitrary act..
sn to unhappy nations. less at length breathe—
d:,Ye 1:,-.0,5; to become men!

" Du not trust to the suggestions of those 1cl:a :tre too !lite-
rerted in the cause of despotism to be bilievcal. Those
preach up slavery, are either wicked'or foolish men. Rcsmire
them well, and you will tind they subsist on your sairerings
wretchednes.F. Their welfare is in opposition with !lie ;:ri!).is
good. Can it be deemed strange that they should seek ?o;.re.
long a state of things, as sad in the eye; of reason as it is 1at...51 to
the repose and prosperity of the People?

. .
" If you have read the Proclamations and Manifesto of the
National Army, you already know its resolution and serimenz,.
Children of their country, as they are, they wish than cot:'..r.
itself to decide what is to be their destiny. Our fathers are abis
to assemble ; the guardians of the people will form the 1::wi
they may deem most conducive to o:,r prosperity a-:d grandel•-•
Prepare for this happpy moment., now at hand ; wait f3r it
the firm resolution of not being disheartened in )(mr e.iter2rize,
well assured that constancy will act as an impenetrable bulsel.rk
against all the attacks of the sicked. They will disappear :s
smoke jst the sight of those who pursue the path of hour at
;Inry.—Long live the Nation—Long live the floligion of oi.r
torefathers—Long live the Government that makes us hapi
and free! (Signed) " RAFAEL DE lIIEGO,

Commandant General of the First Divkior.
" Ilead-Qtarters of Divioicn, at Algeciras, nb.- 1,1 S 4."

1 HE ARMY.

Lieutenant-General Sir filti:NT SPENCF.it gets e
Government of Cork, instead of Sir W. KErrm.r.,
formerly mentioned.
the Earl of GLASGOW, as Lord Lieutenant
of itcnfrewshire, inTected the Volunteei Arrnod Ar.,-
,ociation of Port-GlaTcw, commanded by Mr. llt'N•
LOP, and communicatcsl to the .Iss.,)ciation
gracious approbation of the meritorious zeal
alacrity With which they had stood forward in
a moment ut threale:le.l danger, an%l also at the pro-
gress they had sin,:e made, which was highly h;.
nourable to tile ofii;ers, non-commissioned oilicers,
And privates.

TREASONABLE PLOT!

The discovery was only made, we understand,
01 Wednesday morning, to the Secretary of State's
t:. ice for the Home epartment, by the Earl of
ii,i;tiowaY, the Lerd President of the Council, who,
it is said, was stopped by a man when he was riding
lirrseback in St. James's Park, who delivered to
:in a lezter, informing the Noble Earl, in particular
:ins, that a gang of assassins was formed who were
asassinate his Lordship, and the rest of the Cabinet
lit. inters, when assembled at Lord BATHURST'S on the
cveriing of that day, at the Cabinet dinner the Noble
l:arl was to give. The Earl of HA it ROWBY. though he
,!id not know the man, stopped to listen to his repre-
sentation, in addition to the contents of the letter, and
..iterwards consulted his brother Ministers on the
subject. The result of their determination in the
;]•,t place, was to postpone the dinner, the resi:
%e of Lord BATHURST being well calculated for
assassin to escape, Mansfield-street being such
vrry open space, that a villain, once lost sight of,
Ise pursued many courses but the one he t9ok-
-The most prudent precautions were taken at the
Secretary of State's Office fur the Home Department,
th as to the secrecy of the measures to be adopted,
a., well as au excellently well regulated plan kir the •1
k':!c.c.very and apprehension of the murderous vil-
The first intimation given at Bow-street Office
rat: at past seven o'clock, when it was made known
L:it a cc: :Ain number of Officers, Constables, and
ra•rt!e, would be wanted.

Mini.ters' male servants wsre armed with pis-
Hs. and two Officers or Constables appointed to
each tesidence. The Earl of Haftnowav and Vis-
(—cant Cas.rtERF.AGH dined with the Earl of LIVER-
r.or., and at nine o'clock they went to the Secre-
tary of States (Mice for the Home Department, at
which time all the Cabinet Ministers assembled, to
be in readiness to give directions, in case of any des-
kerate act of resistance.
Mr. lIIRNIE, the Magistrate, was appointed by Vis-
c,,unt SIDNIOLTH to be in Cato-street, to direct the
Officers, and to be in readiness to act in case of
eniergency. A party ofahe Guards, under the com-
rr.:!7id of Captain FITZCLARENCE, were directed to
r Ar:11 to Cato-street, to be in readiness to assist the
P .ce, if necessary ; but, unfortunately, they were
r. t dearly directed, or they did 'not understand
sii.ere the place was, as they were at the contrary
c of the street, when the assassins commenced their
unaJerous attack upon the Officers, and it was only
b:. t::e discharge of pistols that they found out where
ti,e builJing was ; they then hastened there with all
speed.
When Captain Ft.: ZCLA RENEE had secured the eon-
,• ators, he directed his attention to the unfortunate
Smithers, who lay on the flour of the hay-
•:: a lifeless corpse. The body being raised, the
t .y:ain sent off immediately for Mr. KEYS, a respect-
Surgeon, residing at No. 35, Humor-street, Lis-1
green, Paddington. Mr. KEYS arrived a little
1 .:Ore nine 'o'clock, and upon vi !wing the body, he
k.rccted the clothes to be taken off; this was done in
e loft. The blood flowed from the side of the
t!:.ceasesi in torrents, and it was some time before an
examination could take place. The danger of the
murderer had entered the right side of the deceased,
buween the ninth and tenth rib ; the incision was
more than rive inches in depth ; the lunge of the
assassin must have been a most tremendous one—the
dagger passed thrcagh the right lobe of the liver.—
Mr. KEYS traced the wound with his finger, and
stated to those present at the examination of the de-
ceased, that the injury in the liver was sufficient to
cause his death. lk also stated, that the wound was
caused by a weapon, with a triangular blade, resem-
bling a bayonet. Mr. KEYS rent:ered prompt assist•
ance to the Officers who were wounded ; but none of
their iijinies were of a dan,;erous description.
