ISLE OF WIGHF.

A DESIRABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE, con-
ta'iliog Eighty Acres, mere or less, ot tine I.ao, the
groat, st part Me Clow ; the whole easily convertible, and well
adapted to pasture. possesses properti.'s which re n ..ter it pecu-
liarly eligible for a Park or t'lea-nre lying within a
ring fence, on a gentle slope, plea-antly situated, and tliversiitst
with timber; one mile distant trim the sea shore, Gind abou two
miles from the pert of Cowes, on the Yarmouth E.t.a 1. • l'het
is a Farm-house, I.3arn, &c. on the £state. It is to be disposed
of by render, and t.nmediate possession to the purena,er.
Letters addressed, free of postage, to Mr. John Dtment, Sol'-
citor, Poole; or to Mr. James Clarke, Laud t-uc.veyor, New-
port, Isle of Wight, who wi'l :hew the Land, on or before the
lit of .ieptember neat, will be attended to.

ELIGIBLE SITUATION FOR A SHIP BUILDER AND
'IIikILIER OR RAF I' MF.i:CHAN
TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,
(With immediate posivision)
AVALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATE,
situate near a c•-rtain place, called St. Ann's Fort, in Kii;g's
Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, comprising an extensive Yard
for building Ships, with good Saw-pitts, Blacksmith's Shop,
Mould Loft, and other conveniences neseisary for conducting th
buiitiess of a Ship Builder; and the local situation of the Fre-
irLes Word: a convoisnent opportunity of making a dry Dock.
Also an excellent Dwelling-house, adjoining the above, with a
Rood Stable and Chaise-house thereto belonging. The Preini‘es
are now in the occupation of Messrs. Brirdley's, who have en-
tered upon a more extensive concern at Frindibury.
The Port of I.yun is well situated for procuring Oak Timber
front the Counties of Suffolk, Northampton, Bedford, Bucking-
ham, Rutland, and other Counties, by means of the River Ooze.
For price aid further particulars, enquire at the Office of Mc.
Harvey Goodwin, in Lynn. Letters to be post paid.

DesirabIeFARMS,COUNTRY RESIDENCE,WATER MILL
and LANDS, in wur HEN DRED and EAST LOCKING E,
ladle COUN l'Y of BF.RICS.
• By Messrs. FIDEL and LORD,
On Saturday, the 112th day of July, 1810, at Two &Clock in the
Afternoon, at the Bear Inn, Wantaga, (unless before disposed
of by Private Contract, of which due nonce will be given,)
A CAPITAL FREEHOLD ESTATE, lying
in severalty, and principally inclosed, situate in the Parishes
of West Hendrt.ll and Et Lnckinge, a very fertile part of the
County of Perks, on the turnpike road from Wantai'e to London ;
distant about three miles from Wantage, seven from Abingdon,
ten front Wallinglord, and from London ;in the following
desirable Lots, possession of which is to be had on the 10th day
of October, Is 10, viz.
tfr L:dl 1,2, 3,4, end 10, arc ellipased of ly Private Contract.
Lot 5. A Piece of Araldn Land,.containing 19A. R. 151'. be-
ing the residue of Brook Furloeg,extending up to lckleton Mere,
with the Piece of Posture adjoining.
Lot 6. A capital Overshot Wa er Corn Mill, with Granary,
Three l'enenitnits or Dwelling-houses and Gardens, a. Barn, and
other Out-houses, the Fishery and Waiter, tinskTwoCloses of rich
Meadow Land, containing SA. IR. 17P. celiac'', Mill Closes, all
adjoining, :sod late in the oicepazion of Mv..Wllliam Goddard,
deceased. Also, an inclosed Ground of rich Arable Land, lying
contiguous, called the. Mill Piece, containing ISA. 2R. 19P. in
the occupation of Mr. Robert Heyward; and a• Piece of Pasture
Land, curtaining 2A.. 27P. enteeding from the Mgt Close. to the
village of Ginger, by the Brook.
Lot 7. A substantial Dwelling House and Malt House, with .
Stabling and other Offices, Yard, cud good Garden, late in the
occupation of Mr. William Goddard, situa:e at Ginge, with a
Cottage and Garden detached. Also a Paddock of rich Meadow
or; Pasture, containing IA. SP. ; and a Close of very rick Arable
land adjoining, called rubb's Close, containing 9A. t R. 2BP.lying
contiguous to the Dwelling-house, and now in the occupation et
Mr. Robert Hayward; the whole forming a desirable Country
Residence. .
Lot S. An Eligible Farm, called Ginge, lying nearly In a Ring
Fence, containing 243. A. K. SP. capable, of great improvement;
consisting of an excellent substantial Brick Dwelling-house, with
five spacious .13arna, Stabling, Granary, Pigeon-house, aniother
convenient Buildings,; large Yards, and good Garden; together
with sundry Closes and Pieces of rich Arable, Meadow, and Pas-
ture Land, lying altogether, and in severalty; with three Cot-
tages and Gardens, adjoining to 'Tubbs Close.
Lot A desirable and improveable Farm, consisting of 317 A.
IR. BP. of Arable, Pasture, and Down land, lying altogether, and
in severalty; together with a small Dwelling-house, two large
Barns, Stabling, Sheds, Vr ell-house, and Vard, adjoining, and con-
veniently sineated, called The Downs Farm; with the Moiety of
a valuable :sheep Pond'on the 1 towns.
•.• The foregoing Lots are situate in the Parish of West Hen-
dred, and subject to a Quit Rent ofXl. es. yearly, and to £St. Se.
Land .l'ax.
The Estate (except parts of Lots 6 and 7) is in the occupation
of Mr. Robert Hayward, whose Lease expires on the I nth of Oc•
toternext ; at which time possession of all the Lots may be bad,
subject to his right to hold over the Barn., Granary, Yards, and
Part of the Dwelling-lions° and Stables, belonging to the Farm in
his possession, until Midaumrner 1811, for disposing of his pre-
sent Year's C:nips.—Further particulars may be had of Mr. Allin,
of Fait Heunt ed, or Mr. Ward, of Faringdon ; waken a Map of
the £state, and of the several Lots stay be dom.

'''PAINS of RED PORT WINE, Tea, Fruit,
and every Vtlet3hle Matter, are entirely removed
Torn FABLE LINEN, Lvs:'her Breeches, Cottons.
!.aces, aid oth,r srtieles of lire-s, by HUDSON'. CHEMICAL
ISLE 1' 'I-lING LIQUID. It also removes the above .Itains from
1.441.-b' Buff Dressei, without Injuring the Buff Colour; and re-
.,ores al ki id, of Linen to theft original Whiten,ss, when disco-
I ntred by 1).1.1 wa:!thg, disuse, or long sea-voyage-a, WIT HOU•I
ANY INJURY r 0 THE •rEX FORE OF THE CLOTI-L

Prepared and sold by fliudsol and Company, Chymists, No.
V, 11;tytnark•A, London; sold als.) by ta. principal Perfumers
aid Aledtciu Venders throiTL.o.st the United Kingdom, in
Imties at ss. 3s and 2s. ea.:* .

tiality in favour of the degraded relicts of Spain, and
an injuriona reserve in tie inriottion to I.: Joh: our
rights.
" Mg free ettfrrage, what equal representation,
could your Excellencies expect from deputies chows
by the American cabildos (councils) ? those bodies
that the Spantsh Minis,ry have uniformly endea-
voured to oppress, to deprive of peblic confidence,
and ignominiously to reduce them n.:der the like au-
thin icy widi their own immediate agents ? Have we
not seen in the Cariccas the clearest testimony of this
truth, in the election of the Regent, Don Joaquin de
Mosquera, at the very time when lie was held in utter
detest ition by its inhabitants ? It is ;cue that the Cen-
tral Junta, from a regard tn exterior dacency, did de•
elm: to ratify this election ; but even this refusal in.
volved in it die most palpable contradictions with the
former order ; and the new method of conducting
suclielections, instead ul cutting up corruption by the
toot, covers it over with miserable palliatives. not
competent even t maintain the decorum of Govern.
mzlit, and too thiniy scatter: even to delude the
Americans.

" To confer on all the inhabitants of the Peninsula
the right of naming Representatives to the National
Cortes, and to reduce this right in America to the
mere passive vote of the Juntas, is to estaalish a mode
for the European Deputies very different to that pre-
pared for those of America, and is to deny to the
latter the impartance its extensive population de.
serves. This is not to give us distinctly that liberty
and fraternity, of which we have been deprived, but
it is to substitute for these invaluable blessings insig-
nificant formalities and empty promises, and, is a
word, it is the continuance of that artifice under which
we have remained for three ages in leading strings,
or in chains. It is to give us to understand that we
are too ignorant to comprehend our rights, and that
therefore we must remain in humiliation and slavery.
" The Caraccas has suppressed for a long time
these sentiments ; it was believed that the union of
all the dominions of Spain was the only shield under
which the monarchy could be sheltered from the
tempest that threatened it, and to preserve this unity
which appeared to us so important, we have sacrifi-
ced our own interests, and have eilibited before the
world what we conceived to be a meritorious 'cram-
ple o!. self-denial and resignajon ; matters are now
changed. The greater part of the Peninsula is oc-
cupied by the armies of the Tyrant of France, and
the Central Junta is dissolved and dispersed. What
else remains for the Americans but to consult their
own security ? What utility could they expect from
longer submitting to authority v hick had lost their
character of dignity and independence? The -lan-
guage wl.;cti of late has been arrogated in the Ca.
raccas, the evils suffered not only tram the Junta
bet from the Council of Real Audicncia, their re-
peated attempts to contravene the laws, and the sus-
picion with which their measures were examin d, ren-
dered it necessary to depose them. The unanimity
of the people of Caraccas had already deprived them
of real power, and they have since been divested of
nominal authority, with that order, moderation, and
genarosity, unknown even in the history of our own
nation.
"'l'o this reacening, common to all of us, we have
to add come fo-ther particulars: - It is notorious that
the Captain-General and Sub-Inspector of Artillery
Were in Ma.frid at the time of the Government of
Murat, and also when the city capitulated These
then arc individuals who have sworn to be faithful to
the French anthnritye The first of these persons has
spread it abroad that Napoleon intended to name him
as the Captain-Geeeral of the CaraCcas, and in a
Madrid Gazette we have seen this appointment con-
firmed by his brother the Usurper.
46 These arc the motives which have operated with
the Caraccas—they reclaim their lost rights, and to a y
make known their demand to the other provinces f
America. They are confident that sooner or later
they shall all be unanimous, and if this unity of sen-
timent should be delayed, it will only be a further
prod of the terrible despotism under which they suf-
fer, and a further confirmation of this important proof
that nothing so completely destroys the moral energies
as the habit of slavery.
66 It is very easy to pervert the sense of our decla.
rations, and to give the colour of disloyalty to princi.
pies that derive their vurce in the pure fountain of
EternatTruth. For the rectitude of our intentions
we appeal to the voice of reason and of justice ; we
appeal to nations now in existence, and to posterity.
Finally, we appeal to the conscientious feelings of
your Excellencies, and to the principles acknowledged
and proclaimed by the Central Junta only to be cone
tradicted and violated.
66 We lament that it is necessary for us to speak to
ycuir Excellencies a language that may not be accep-
table, but we presume that your Excellencies will
give the best testimony of your good intentions, and
of the liberality of your minds, by listening with im
pertiality to what we represent, and by consulting
with ourselves on the means of establishing a solid
union between the dominions of Spain of bete Hemi-
spheres ; and be assured, that no union which is nit
established in equality of rights and interests, can br
beneficial or pet raanent.
" In a word, we disclaim any connection with the
new Council of Regency ; but if Spain is to be saved
we shall he among the first to spew obedience to a
Government constituted on a legiiimate and equitable
basis; and we shall be ready on our parts to give to
our brethren of Europe such assistance as our defi-
cient resources admit, during the arduous and sacred
contest in which they are engaged. If any of our
fellow j ct 4 despairing of success in Europe, seek
-s ,
a new country in Vensanela, they shall be received
liming us with the most generous hospitality, and
with the warmest attachment.
!14 GOD'preserve your Excellencies, &c.
(Signed) 41 JOSE DE I .58 LLAMOSA.
" MARTIN TOVAR PONT*"

" Hall at Gaverameat Ot eirmas, idal fi10.~•
• •
