SPIRIT OF THE JOURNALS.

CHROKICLE.—The most ominous defeat which the Duke of
lington has yet experienced is that of which an account reached us by
the post of yesterday. Mr. Charles Grant has been returned for the
County of Inverness, notwithstanding the canvassing letters of Mr.
31‘Leod, his rival, were franked at the Home Office, to give the Free.
holders the assurance of the high consideration in which he was held by
Ministers, and notwithstanding the interest used with the Lord. Lieu.
trestle of the County, and other friends of Mt. Grant, to detach them
from his cause, which have been in part successful. The trial of
strength took place on the vote for the Chairman, when, without count.
ing disputed votes, Mr. Macpherson Grant, of Belladrum, was ap.
pointed, in preference to Colonel Grant, of Chant (the Lord-Lieutenant)
by a majority of 34 to 26. Those who know anything of Scotch
County Elections, must know that in keenness of scent the
Scotch freeholders are not surpassed by any men in existence. Yet lieu
we see Ministers exerting themselves, as if the matter were one of life
and death, to keep out Mr. C. Grant, and yet, with a set of men c
keenly alive to the blessings of the Treasury, they have failed. How
is this? Where one or two great proprietors can command a majo.
rity of votes, there are instances of Ministers having been defeated:
but in an independent Scotch county there is no former instance I t
corruption not carrying the day. In fact a Scotch freeholder would in
general consider it as an insult, implying some defect in his under.
standing, to charge him with voting against the Administration for the
time being. It is one of those acts of imprudence in Scotland which
would place a man In danger of that sort of ordeal to which Mr. An.
derton was lately subjected. Those who know the prudence and worldly
wisdom of the Scotch freeholders in independent counties, will arthe
at any conclusion rather than that the Scotch are on a wrong scent.
They must have strong suspicions of the tenure of a Nlinistcr, betioe
they turn their backs on him. Prudent men will know what to think
of tide augury.

Posy—lf the people of France were not free previously to the publi.
cation of the Ordinances of the 25th July, are they free now ? The
Liberals—without doubt assisted by that keenness of perception which
characterises their fraternity—profess to see every reason for satisfaction
in the late occurrences, and tell the world that France is now indeed a
great nation, and that her people are in the full enjoyment of unrestrietul
liberty. A mighty change has undoubtedly been effected in the posi.
tion of France, but it appears to us that our neighbours have only ca.
changed the ild and wholesome restraint of a monarchy for the arbi.
trary rule of an oligarchy. It is true the French Deputies have
talked much about the rights of the people, but have they
shown any respect for those rights ? Have they proved
themselves anxious to conciliate public opinion, or have they
evinced any inclination to fulfil the wishes of their fellow.
countrymen ? No. The Revolutionary Deputies of France have most
contemptuously disregarded the desires of their fellow.countrymen—they
have endeavoured to stifle the expression of public opinion by hurrying
over the business of the Revolution—they have acted for tocroselvcs,
and not for the nation ; and, in a word, they have all along adopted such
a line of policy as would best ensure a continuance of their own power,
whilst it diminished the influence of the people. If a few Deputies,
assembled in an illegal manner, have conducted the whole of this new
Revolution (always excepting the dangerous portion of it,) how can it
be said that the thirty million inhabitants of France have profited by it?
Or how can they be acid to be free, when it is evident that they are the
mere playthings of a handful of conspirators ? We repeat, therefore,
that the French has. gained nothing by their rebellion ; and that, hay.
ing escaped from the mild restraint of a monarchy, they have surrcn.
dered themselves to the arbitrary rule of an oligarchy.

Hzum.D.--There is, evideTh7t7,l7—reat alarm excited by the reccr.t
revolution in France among the despotic Governments of the Continent.
They have cause for it. They have governed more by terror than by
affection. They have relied more upon military force than on motal in.
nuence. They have resisted improvement, and arc conscious of
violated the promises which they made to their subjects when they re.
quired and obtained the energetic assistance of their people to overthrow
the gigantic empire of Napoleon. The King of Prussia has been amen.:
the foremost to upbraid the 111-fated Charles X. with the violation of his
oath, although he thereby passes a sentence of severe condemnation on
himself. 11 hen the tide of conquest turned against the modern Hanni.
hal, after the disastrous Russian campaign, and the Kings who had
been his vassals confederated against their master in regal rebellion.
he induced his people to devote themselves enthusiastically to tit,.
liberation of the Crown and country from foreign thraldom, by
pledging his Royal word to give them a constitutional system
of Government. But he and his brethren now found themselves
so secure by the destruction of Napoleon's power, that it
was not thought necessary to fulfil promises in favour of their sub.
jccts which were given under circumstances that had ceased to exist.
Their liberality was the emanation of terror, and vanished with the
danger that had produced it. A greater power than that of Napoleon
is now abroad ; and Kings, yho considered themselves exempt from
moral and religious obligationi, will find it their interest to adopt a
sounder line of policy tt aann that which is founded tn. resistance to en.
lightened opinion and on the violation of good faith. It is likely the
King of Prussia will now recollect that the people performed their pan
of the contract for which the establishment of a constitutional system
was to be the consideration ; unless he and his Ministers should be
actuated by that " fatal courage" which AL de Martignac described as
the inspiring principle of the last subversive measures of Charles X.
The alarm of Austria is also very great. Her Italian dependencies are
in a most precarious condition, and she knows it. She already pours
reinforcements into the Alilanese and the Venetian territories—she says
such steps are necessary to preserve peace and good order. She
means they are requisite to uphold her iron despotism—that
despotism which crushes mind wherever its power is felt—
that despotism which has reduced the fair and fertile provinces of Italy
to a suite of the most deplorable wretchedness, and withers the energies
of man on that soil which had been rendered glorious by Roman intel.
lect and virtue It is not, however, military but moral reinforcements
that her tottering dominion requires. Amelioration of government, and
improvements in political instttutions, might prolong an authority which
'an obstinate perseverance in the logic of force will lead rapidly to its
fall. Dominion which is not founded on justice has at all times but a
frail foundation. The age of military governments is passing away.
Fifteen yeses had the policy of Metternich been at work in the devising
of various contrivances to extinguish mind, suppress opinion, and per.
petuate the slavery and degradation of Continental Europe. For this
purpose was that regal conspiracy against constitutional liberty, called
the " Holy Alliance," founded. How short a time has sufficed
to make that vain and presumptuous confederacy feel its own
feebleness, and tremble for its very existence ! They who advise
despotic Kings to make reasonable concessions to their people, and to
identify their own power with the public improvement, are their true
friends ;—they advise them to adopt reform, in order to prevent, sooner
or later, the shock of revolution. If rejecting such salutary counsel,
Prussia should interfere to put down the spirit of revolt in the Belgic
provinces, and Austria should continue to try the endurance of her
Italian subjects by increasing the severity of her military Goren..
ment, the example of the fate of Charles X. will have been lust upon
both these Powers, and history will have to record, for the instruc-
tion of after-times, the melancholy consequences of their intlatiation.
lien Ferdinand of Spain, it is said, seems to be aware that lie cannot
retain his throne without restoring to his subjects their ancient
So far has Charles X. been a benefactor to mankind !

Tnas.—Tlic Paris payerstWahed an account of th.. success
of General Baudran's mission, and the announcement of that favoura-
ble result, which was so anxiously desired, has diffused general satisfac-
tion throughout Paris. The Cohrier Francais pretends to know what
passed in our Cabinet on this important question. It is stated that some
slight objections raised to the recognition of Louis Philip by the Duke
of Wellington being removed by the personal wish of his Majesty. and
by the observations of Sir R. Peel, the decision of the Council was
unanimous. it is further stated, that the envoys of Charles X. exerted
themselves to retard the recognition. The exiled Court was tkeirous to
obtain some delay, in the hope that the other Powers of Europe would
in the meantime doclare themselves in its favour. We hare no difficulty in
pronouncing the whole of this story to be a gross and unfounded tabri.
cation. There was not a moment's hesitation in our Cabinet resprctir.g
the recognition. The conimission appointed by the Chamber of Depu-
ties to examine the late Ministers proceeded, it appears, to Vincennes
on Sunday, to commence that duty. When our neighbours ascistair
from this inquiry, and also from the perusal of the official documents
found In the portfolios of the late ministers, that the Duke of Welling:of
was never privy to any of the proceedings of Polignac, and was, on:4'
' generally consulted, the strenuous opponent of arbitrary measures, tK
bonds of friendship between England and France will, we have no daub:.
become closer and firmer. No step is omitted by England which can
indicate good will to Franco. SVe believe that it is not intended, at
least at present, to send a new ambassador to Paris ; but new credential,'
were forwarded on Friday last to Lord Stuart de Rotitsay, which wil;
put hint at once into the regular relations of friendly communication Fish
the new tioverr.ment of France.

TIMES.—We once did put ihejueiition to a noble Spaniard. an:r
hearing that some of his countrymen had been blamed for not accepdng
certain facilities offered to them, with a view to their return to the
Peninsula. We mated hint directly, t' Why do you not go yourseli't •
His answer was as follows Because I know how faithless art:
worthless is the word of Ferdinand : should I go home to any os
country to-morrow, and repair to 3ladrid, there is no question that. se
far front treating me uncivilly. he would receive me with compliments
and milts. I might pass two days agreeably—perhaps a week; what
next ? Why, in the dead of the night I should be seized, by Order t't
the Minister of Justice= dragged away to a dungeon; accused by some
suborned witnesses of crimes which I had never dreamed of, and hanged
or shot without farther ceremony" This, then, is the feeling order
which Spaniards, who had by dreadful evidence been taught to distill.
guish between the promises and deeds of a traitor, shrunk trom the
kindrirse proposed to them by honest, but not very considerate media-
tors, interceding with Ferdinand to forgive his exiled subjects. And
what was the charge against these virtuous and glorious men? The
monstrous one. that they had resisted a foreign. invader, who came to
scourge and reduce their country to bondage. Yet It is still recent.
:mended by certain, and even amiable and respectable person I, that now.
when the hour of retribution is at hand, Spain should forfeit all the he-

nefit of an experience registered in the blood or ruin of her most enlight-
ened citizer.s, and her most illustrious families, and again place herself,
her rights, her laws, and institutions, at the disposal of this same
perfidious prince, whose broken oaths and foul persecutions have
rendered it almost a mercy to the Spanish name to forget that it once be.
longed to a great and gallant people. But it will not be so. The trick
now pusillanimously resorted to by Ferdinand will, we trust, not save
him from the salutary vengeance of an insulted nation. He has been
advised, it would seem, by subtle counsellors, to anticipate the death-
blow prepared for his despotism, by tendering voluntarily all that his
subjects can require—to grant a universal amnesty—to restore the na-
tional property—to acknowledge the national debt—to assemble the na-
tional Cortes—to be a constitutional instead of an arbitrary King : but
we repeat it comes too late. He did all this before :he accepted a
constitution—he swore to it—he " gloried in the Cartes"—he " never
was so happy until then ;" and what followed ? Every prerogative
that was foolishly bestowed on him by that Cones, he employed for
their destruction. Every refinement of perfidy that could be
conceived or practised was the daily business of his life. Whatever
game lie played before the world, Ferdinand had no Cones but the Ca-
marillo. More cunning than his brother Carlos, and more cowardly, no
sooner had he overthrown the Constitution, than he would have recalled
the Inquisition, as advised by Carlos, to serve at once for a legislative
and executive authority, had he not felt that iniquity in a layman's garb
was an instrument less suspected and equally efficacious, especially when
reinforced by a sweeping proscription of two-thirds of the high nobility
and nine-tenths of the talent and moral character of his dominions. It
therefore may be received as a first principle of the policy which is most
likely to be pursued by the Constitutional Spaniards, that neither Fer.
dinand the oath-breaker, nor Carloss the inquisitor, will be much longer
suffered to disgrace the Spanish throne and nation.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

" BRUSSELS, AUG. 28.
" 8 O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING.

" Nothing has yet been done towards the permanent restoration of
tranquillity. The shops are still shut over all the city. The troops arc
still encamped before the Royal Palace ; the groups of manufacturers are
still wandering about without employment ; and the town is still in the
hands of its provisional protectors, without any interference from the
general Government. During the night there have been no disturbances,
thanks to the imposing force and admirable energy of the civic Guards.
Nearly all the respectable citizens arc now enrolled in that corps, and
devote their time, their watchfulness, and their fatigues, to the cause
of order and safety. Some of them, lam assured, have not slept two
hours for the last two days. To prevent confusion, and to be enabled
to recognise each other on their duties, the citizens of each different
quarter or district combine to form a separate company, regiment, or
brigade, and in traversing the streets to occupy their various posts, or
to relieve guard, are known by the number in large characters stuck on
their hats.

" When I spoke of the admirable energy' with which the city
guards conducted their defence of order, 1 had in my eye a striking
display of It, of which I last Right was a witness, which killed one
man and wounded several, before the door of the hotel of Bellevue, and
had nearly proved fatal to some of its inmates.

" Abotit '9
o'clock numerous groups had collected in the neighbour.
hood of the park, and almost filled the open space in the Rue Royale.
At this time a single soldier was passing, having been sent on a message
to the neighbourhood. A crowd colkcted round him, and demanded
his army, while one of the mob, evidently drunk, went in, ar.d wrested
his musket from his hands. The same fellow who had obtained this
trophy set up a kind of derisive shout against sonic of the civic
guards who occupied the post in the vicinity. He even provoked
a party of boys and blackguards to throw stones at them.--
A considerable pile of large stones, picked from the paving,
had been collected at the corner of the hotel, and were des.
tined either for the troops or civic guards, as the caprice of the
rabble might suggest. A small detachment of the armed citizens
were sent for immediately, and on its arrival ordered the crowds:to dis-
perse. The command was received with insulting indifference by the
few desperadoes who surrounded this drunken vagabond. Some stones
were even thrown. An order was ,given to fire ; and though the pla-
toon generally fired high, two men instantly fell, and several others
were wounded. One of the men who fell instantly expired, and the
other was not expected to survive. One of the waiters of the hotel,
who was :standing on the table.in the dining-room to witness the fray,
was wounded severely in the foot. The square was instantly cleared,
amid the furious screams and yells of men, women, and children flying
for their lives. The alarmed multitude endeavoured to escape the danger
which their errors greatly magnified, by breaking into the houses which
surrounded them, and our hotel would have been taken by assault had
not an armed garrison within, consisting of strangers, travellers, waiters,
and domestics, provided with guns, pistols, swords, sabres, carving
knives, and pitch-forks, kept out the multitude. The alarm con.
tinued for some time, but
_in about an hour the place was entirely
cleared.

" Had this severe example not been made, the newly organised force
would have been treated with contempt; the disorders of the city would
have been renewed, and more blood would have been shed than what
flowed at their origin. The consequences of such prompt interference
is now general submission to the civic guards, and the perfect order
which has reigned for the last 12 hours.
The Gerdes Bourgeois, or civic militia, though only called out within
the last 48 hours, now include in their ranks about 4,5(0 men, well
atmed, and though of course not yet well disciplined, zealous and
punctual in the discharge of their military duties. They are
composed of all the commercial part of the community, of the
landed proprietors of the country who reside in the capital, of
the gentlemen of the bar, and other professional persons attached
to the courts, of the chief manufacturers, and the shopkeepers,
and, in short, of all the respectable inhabitants. To an Eng.
Richman who has never seen any emergency at home to occasion such an
improvisation of an army, it is a matter of surprise and astonishment,
that so great a force, so capable of doing all the duties required of it,
should have been got together in 48 hours. The military appearance
of the patrols, or of the larger muses, parading the streets, their per-
fect acquaintance with the military march and with military evolutions,
is not the least surprising part of the exhibition. Had tae manufactu.
rem and chief inhabitants of 3lanchester behaved with the same decision
during the agitation of their workmen in the summer of 1819, there
might have been no occasion for the massacre of the 16ch August.
"TKO O'CLOCK, r.x.
" I have just returned from a walk of an hour or two through the
city. Business has again been partially resumed. The markets are as
crowded as usual, but very few shops in the upper part of the ton n have
been opened.
" The mob is now, however, subdued or overawed, and a general con.
tidence prevails that if Government assents to the demands of the upper
classes of the city, order will in a day or two be perfectly and perma-
nently reestablished. The first movements of this strange insurrection
were produced by the poor without bread. whose feelings, from recent
discussions and events, had got a political tendency, and who traced
their sufibringi—not to inevitable causes operating on the state of mute,
but—to the injustice and oppression of Government and its agents.
The upper ranks shared the political dissatisfaction of their dis-
tresses(' countrymen, but dreaded their disposition to pillage and
violence. Their first care, therefore, was to mix with the mob
in order to master it—to inculcate abstinence front plunder—
to erotect property, and to restore order. With the design
of satisfying the lower rioters as far as lay in their power, the
city authorities or Regency announced the abolition of the only taxes at
its disposal which premed upon the poor—namely, the flour or bread
tax, and the tax on meat, or the aliatiage. Their next object was to
disarm the rioters, who had torn down the Royal ensigns, and clamouted
for a change of dynasty, while they understood nothing at all of the
.eees.ions on which their seditious cries had so promptly decided. The
text thing was to give them bread, and to hold out a promise of em-
ployment. All this has been done—done. I trust, effectually ; and now
that the Jack Cade, and their partisans are quelled, and retired from the
seene,lthe political difficulties and labours of the higher actors commence.
*4 I t is fortunate that among them there is union, and it is still more
fortunate that there is moderation. Their voice must now be heard in
tile calm, since theirs was the charm which allayed the storm. They
krew, too, the secret of their strength, and have learned how they may
dei.erd upon their fellow-eountrymen in the army. They have the
Burgomaster and the members of the city regency at their head, and
through them have made known their respectful, and what they call
their modeme, demands, to the Government. These demands I am
ban, to lie enabled to state to you front an official source.
• I. They ihclude, in the first place, the complete execution of the
Lot Fondamei tale or Charter, given by the King at his accession, or
ion the union of Belgium with Holland.
• 2. In the second place, the dismissal of the Minister of Justice,
Von 31.hviiin (whose hotel has been burnt), and another member of the
I.2ain,:et, together with some of the most obnoxious city authorities.
" 3. In the third place. the equal division of offices between the
two I:atiims, the Belgians and the Dutch ; and, its a corollary to this
dentatal• the transference of two deputments of interior administration
(which are now at the Hague) to Brussels.
" 4. The establishment of the chief tribunal or haute cone of the
nation, not at the Hague, but in sonic frontier town. The Belgians
think that they have a right to have this court at Brussels, as formerly;
but in order to show the greater moderation, they wave that right, and
only require that it shall be on the frontier of the two sets of provinces,
and not in the heart of Holland.
" There ate sonic minor points added to the representation on these
Leads, but they are scarcely worth describing.
" Yesterday, amid all the duties of organizing their guards and pro.
teetiog their property, the notah!ea of tne city waited on the Burgos
master shit their propositions. This worthy magistrate requested them
to consult with the chief persons in their several quarters, and to send
their proposals through four deputes from each of the eight sections or
I.!i•triets into which Brusselsi. divided. This deputation waited upon
Lieu tins morott.g, and agreed upon the conditions which I have just
•r einem ed. file Iturgonotster told them that he expected Prince
4.reJetick to-clay about 12 o'clock„ with authority to act from his father;
b it twat, if his Royal Highness did not arrive, he would send off, by a
s!. vial courier, the document on which they had agreed.
It Is very singular. chat though Brussels had been in a state of'
I'v,!e far three days....though the houses of the Ministers had been burnt

—though the troops had agreed not to:act, and though greater events
were expected than have occurred—that no answer has been received
from the lia4ue to the fir►t despatches, which were sent thither on the
morning et' Thursday !
" It is hoped, though the King is obstinate, that be will yield in
this instance. He is personally very much beloved, and deserves all
the respect of a people who can appreciate his good qualities; but the
Belgians think that he is too much of a Dutchman, and have always
quarrelled with his Dutch councillors.
" Among the upper ranks here, from the very beginning, nobody has
whispered a change of dynasty. The lower classes behaved as 1 have
formerly described.
" There have been only 14 persons in all killed, in what I hope we
may call the late commotion ; 12 or 13 on the Thursday morning, and
one or two last .tight.
One o'Clock, p. m.

" The report is very general that Prince Frederick, who, you know,
is Coafinander.in.Chief of the army, has arrived. If this be the case,
we may soon expect an answer to the propositions of the city.
" In the meantime the commanding officers of the different sections
of the Garde Bourgeoise have gone round to the different stations of that
body, and announced, that though great bodies of the King's troops had
arrived in the neighbourhood of Brussels, they would not attempt an
entry till a definitive answer should arrive from the Hague, but would
remain till then at the distance of half a league from the barriers. This
announcement was received in the Place de la Monnale (in which the
great theatre is situated) with shouts of satisfaction. The officer, M.
Fleury du Roy, gave this intimation publicly to a species of etat.major
in my hearing. It was stated among the officers afterwards, that there
have been directed on Brussels more than 5,000 men, with a strong
park of artillery.
" The troops continue stationed as before in the Place Royale, but
have no other poet. They have not moved for the last three days, but
receive their rations under arms.

" 6 o'cLocx, P.N.

" It has been arranged that a commission composed of the chief inha-
bitants of Brussels, at the head of which is the Commandant of the
Communal Guard, shall set out for the Hague this night. The troops,
consisting of not less than 6,000 men out of the city, with 12 pieces of
cannon, shall remain where they are till the deputation returns. Their
propositions are what I have stated above. The troops in the city re-
tain their position till the answer.

"Great hopes are entertained of a speedy and satisfactory arrange.
ment."

RE.LOVAL OF M. POLIGNAC.

The newspapers have published some anecdotes relating to the re-
moval of the three Alinisrers, Peyronnet, Chantelauze, and Guemon
Ranville. We subjoin some information regarding the removal of M.
de Polignac. 31. Th—(l) aide.de-camp of General Lafayette, and 31.
Rou, aide-de-camp of the Minister of War, arrived at St. Lo on the
night of the 25th and 2fith. After having assembled the municipality,
in order to convince it of their authority, they placed the ex-31mister
in a post-chaise, which in twenty-four hours brought them to Paris.
M. Polignac seeing the precaution employed for his removal, expressed
some fear that his journey would not not be unattended with
danger. "We are enjoined to take care of your person," said his
companions, so that any danger we shall run must be common."
On the road M. Polignac said but little his thoughts betrayed
themselves in exclamations only. There was a discussion respecting
several letters, which are inserted in the instruction du prom:, and
which relate to the fires in Calvados. These letters, in which the name
of the ex-minister figures conspicuously, declare, it is said. the individuals
who were guilty of those crimes. M. de Polignac was perpetually
blaming these guilty wretches,adding, that be knew nothing of thein,and
was ignorant of the extremities to which his party had pushed them.
With regard to the ordinances, he alleged the pleasure of Charles the
Tenth. Every word of his conversation displayed the most com-
plete ignorance of men and opinions. Bread and wine were the
sole provisions of the travellers. The carriage arrived at four o'clock
in the morning at the hotel of the Minister at War, which the tra-
vellers left a few minutes afterwards in his carriage. They reached the
wood of Vincennes at half-past six o'clock, and then sent on a courier
to prepare Gen. Daumesnil to receive the prisoner. During that time
a very curious conversation took place between AL de Polignac and 31.
Th--, one of his companions. An observation of 31. Th— having in-
formed Al. de Polignac that he bad been in England, the latter asked
him at what period he had been there ? "In 1824, sir; you were then
Ambassador." " How was it, M. Th—, that you were in England ?*
" I was a refugee there after the war In Spain." After the reflection
of a moment, 31. de Polignac said, " That is singular." Then look-
ing at Al. Th—, " 1 did not see you," be said, "in England." " No,
sir, my situation, my opinions, and my feelings of propriety, prevented
it." " 1 was useful to some of' your companions." M. Tb— replied
that he knew it. In point of fact, Al. de Polignac favoured the return
of some of the refugees to France.
A messenger came to inform them that the carriage might proceed.
It entered the chateau. The prisoners were placed in the pavilion of
the Queen, each in a separate apartment. At half-past four o'clock
the order was given to remove them to the donjon of Vincennes. The
National Guard and the garrison of Vincennes, from curiosity, and not
as matter of duty, lined the road along which they had to pass. The
sentries alone were under arms. An officer on the staff of the garri-
son, the commander of the detachment, and a captain of grenadiers
belonging to the sth legion, entered the apartment of M. de Polig-
nac, and informed him that he was to be transferred to the don.
jon. He was placed between two grenadiers, and, attended by the
officers above mentioned, crossed the court-yards of the chateau
with head uncovered. Al profound silence prevailed. On the staircase
of the donjon, he requested leave several times to rest, and lent upon
the musket of one of the grenadiers. His figure, though worn, was
calm. When be arrived at the room prepared for him, General Dau-
mesnil led him into it, and the door closed upon him. The same offi-
cers thenwent with the same ceremony to wait on 31.de Peyronnet. His
figure was less worn than those of the other ex-Blinisters. He had his
hat on, as he crossed the court-yard. When he got to the middle of it;
a man, who did not belong to any of the six first legions, struck him on
the cheek, crying aloud with great violence—" Down on your knees,
and ask pardon, thou wretch, for having dared to fire at the people."
The National uard, always preserving a deep silence, repressed this
cry, extorted, it is said, by grief from a man, who lost his brother on
the bloody days of the 27th and 28th. 31. de Peyronnet continued his
match. On the staircase of the donjon, he also tested several times.
He asked for snuff, of which it is said he had not any for three days.
After he had reached the Salk des Gardes, he was shut up in the
apartment which was prepared for him. The two other Ministers,
MM. Guernon de Renville and Chantelause, were led separately,
in the same manner, to the donjon, where each of them was placed
in a separate chamber. They crossed the Court-yard with their
hats off. It was observed, that as he passed near the Castle Cha-
pel, 31. Guemon de Ranville turned his eyes mystically upon it.--
Silence was not broken. The appearance of these gentlemen was cast
down, especially that of 31. de Chantelause, whose emotion was so
great when the officers came to remove him, that he trembled in every
limb. The four prisoners were very ill-dressed, their linen was dirty,
their beards long, and their clothes neelecred and full of dust. The
apartments in which they are confined are furnished very moderately.
• " Not having asked M. Th—'s leave to publish tame details, we
think it right to preserve his incogniro."—Freneh Paper.

THE REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL GUARDS.

LETTER IN A MORNING PAPER.

PARIS, Ana. 29.—The greater pan of this day wu spent in the re.
review of the National Guards. The day was urcommonly fine, and the
Champ de Mars presented the interesting spectacle of above 40,000 men,
equipped at their own individual expense in complete military array,
and devoting themselves to the conservative police of the metropolis. At
12 o'clock this military spectacle commenced t the different corps progres-
sively formed in lines in the spacious area assigned them. They were
composed of cavalry and infantry, with sappers and miners, full bands,
ff.e. prepared with the whole paraphernalia of an efficient army. The
King arrived soon after twelve o'clock, attended by the whole of his
family. His Majesty wu dressed in uniform, and looked cheerful and
in robust health t his sons (fine young men) were in the dress of the
cavalry corps of regular troops, which they respectively command.
The King and his suite dismounted near a tent placed in front of
the Military School, to which shortly after repaired a depots-
tion from each battalion of the National Guard, consisting of
14 officers, 4 non-commissioned officers, and 4 privates. These deputa-
tions successively formed according to their number on the roll of the, dif-
ferent corps in the front of the Royal tent, where General La Fayette
received with greaticeremony from the hands of the King, four tri-coloured
standards for each battalion, which he delivered u he received them to
the respective officers, who pronounced the oath of fidelity to the na-
tion. This solemn part of the ceremony was performed in a loud voice,
and with peculiar animation and fervour, and incessantly accom.
ponied with the loud acclamations of the troops and spectators. The
deputations upon' receiving the_ colours fell back in proper order upon
their different legions, presenting to the colonel of each, the standard of
his corps, and also tendering to him the oath, which they had themselves
previously taken. The colonels immediately swore according to the re-
quired formula in front of their corps. There were 13 legions, and the 13
colonels were sworn at the same moment; J. le jure wu the test with
uplifted hands, at this moment the bands struck up, and the discharge of
13 cannon announced the conclusion of this part of the ceremony to the
whole of the metropolis. I never saw a spectacle which appeared so en-
tirely to emanate from the people, and to embody all their most active
feelings ; they have not left a vestige of the name of roi or royale on any
public building or private shop-sign of Paris;; yet, when the King this
day appeared on the Champs de Mars, in the dress of an armed citizen,
his presence WAS hailed with cordial affection, A detachment of the
Nauonal Guard escorted the King from the Palace to the Champ de
Mars, where he was received by General La Fayette with great respect ;
no sovereign could desire more grateful homage, no people could pay it
with more cordial willingness. The whole population of Paris seemed
to be poured into the Champ de Mars on this joyous occasion.
