-4

• .1

4t

e :a

perial Prince, eldest son of his Majesty dittlilispbror,
and the Princess Alexandrine of Prassia, was
born in 180$.
An extraordinary courier has brought to our Court
the reply of his Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies
to the overtures which have been made to him. It is
affirmed, that this answer is couched in general and
evasive terms ; that, nevertheless, another courier
bas been immediately dispatched to Naples, and no
_ father decision will be made till the receipt of the

t

.

the perk which he has sanctioned ?—lf this be the
aim war is resolved on by the Holy Allies, and the
possession of the Knto'ss person (like that of the KING
of Seam in the hands of Nfiros.aoN) is one of the
master springs which they use= to employ to keep
the new Avar machinery in operation.
Europe has but one hope left, and it .is suspended
on a slender thread. France and England have not,
it is said, fully concurred in the aims and objects of
the Continental Powers respetting Naples. So it is
said ; but both France and England are, in fact, more
deeply embarked than many may be willing to be-
lieve. They have lent themselves to_the transfer of
the KING'S person, by furnishing the ships for his
conveyance. Let others view this as they may, we
cannot conceal our own conviction that the Ultras in
both of these kingdoms augur the downfal of the
new Neapolitan Constitution from this measure, and
congratulate themselves on the results expected from
it. But they will be disappointed. Were the King
of NAPLES to issue to-morrow, from Laybach, a ful-
mination against his subjects as rebels, &c. &c. &c.
instead of averting, the measure would only tend to
hasten on the desolations of war ; for the Neapolitans,
if they have been blinded, will then have the veil
removed from their eyes, and will see that they have
no choice left but to submit to slavery, or, by victory,
to establish Independence and Freedom.
But what can the poor Neapolitans do, alone and
without Allies, against such mighty Potentates?—
This is the kind of question put by those who
would persuade themselves that they monopolise
all wisdom; but it is dictated by consummate
folly. The Neapolitans will not be left without
Allies. Spain and Portugal have a direct interest
in the question ; but this will constitute but a
small portion of the real strength of the Neapo-
litans. Where did France find Allies when all the
Potentates of Europe were leagued against her ?
She found them in the weaned affections of the
People of the very Allies combined for her over-
throw 1 How stand these Allies at this moment?
are they of one mind with their masters in this isoill
enterprise ?—Let time answer this question.

The weather has set in with great severity, the
thermometer sinking, during the night, as low as 27

of Fahrenheit
Last night it blew a very strong gale. Consider-
able damage was done to a number of houses, parti- ,
cularly at Poplar, Limehouse, and in several parts of
the Borough. The shipping in the River has also
sustained much damage from barges breaking from
their moorings, floating up with the tide and coming
in contact with the different tiers of shipping. Two
brats were stove to pieces off Rotherhithe, by being
inclosed between some barges.

The Loyal Address which the friends of the 'tub's
Ministers at Lincoln expected to have sent as the Ad-
dress of the City at a Public Meeting, now in the
character of the Address of those who choose to sign'
it, lies at the Guildhall there for signatures: about
150 have signed it during the last five days.—
Another Address, which, with the Resolutions, may
be seen in the front of this Paper, praying for the dis-
missal of Ministers, though it did not start till the
day after the loyal one, has already received about
five times the number of signatures.
A most liberal subscription has been entered into
'for the late unfortunate sufferers by the late destruc-
tive fire at Wyley, near Bath, to which the Rector,
the Rev. JOHN DAMPIER (brother to the late Bishop
of ELY and the late Judge DASIPIRR) is a principal
contributor; and has also remitted the whole of their
tithe-rents.

Sir GEORGE PICOT, Bart. of Patshull, in Stafford-
shire, gave, in celebration of the birth of the Princess
ELIZABETH of CLARENCE, a fine ox, to be roasted at
Burnell-green, on Saturday last, which was after-
wards distributed among the poor of the surrpund-
ing neighbourhood, who expressed their most grate- I
ful acknowledgments for the kindness-conferred-upon
them. At the same time they partook of an hogs-
head of ale, and drank several
.appropriate patriotic
toasts with the greatest enthusiasm, displaying every
mark of loyalty to their KING, and gratitude to
their benefactor.
Tuesday, a splendid Ball and a sumptuous Supper
were gives at the superb and ancient seat of the
SACKVILLE family, called the Palace of Knole, in
Kent, to which were invited all the Nobility and
Gentry around, including the residents at Wester-
ham and Tunbridge. The park and the roads were
illuminated ; the grand Gothic Hall, that pure spe-
cimen of the florid Gothic, "was brilliantly lighted
up. This apartment is seventy-four feet in length,
and in the music gallery, at the upper end, was sta-
tioned a chosen band of musicians. The grand stair-
case was appropriately decorated, as also the ball-
room. In the colonnade the refreshments were laid
out; and the supper in the Cartoons gallery. The
tables, sideboards, and recesses, groaned under
the weight of massive plate, the united collections of
several generations, including the services presented
to those branches of the family who have filled diplo-
matic situations as Lord Lienonants in Ireland, and
Embassies abroad. The dancing commenced soon
after nine o'clock, and continued till a late hour.
extract of a letter from Batavia, dated September
:—" Although this Government is under the best
of men, it is the most unfortunate. The merchants
here within the last year have experienced immense
losses. Several shipments to Europe, of nearly 16
millions of rupees, have been lost by wrecks, and
in these last two months; in two shipments to the
Eastern Islands a loss of 160,000 dollars has been
[ sustained, by Pirates. The Pirates have now be-
come so numerous and daring, that even cargo-
boats going up and down the harbour are very often
captured by them ; they seem to pay no distinction
to any; one. Our markets are low, though mer-
chandize is somewhat scarce. Our inancialplans,
assure you,are in a deplorable state. The Government
of this country hive lost a most able man, M. Van
Bream, a Member of the CoUncil, who died a short
time ago, od whose' deb will be wadi felt."

BRIGHTO2+4 DECEICEII 27.

The Weather here, for outdoor exercises, continues
remarkably severe,• that is, from the extraordinary
sharpnesrof the Northern blast; but it has hitherto
been unattended by any fall of rain, hail, snow, or
sleet. Our beloved SovEttatoN appears to enjoy i:,
and makes these happy about him, by declating,
that his health and spirits have continued to improve
since the first hour of his arrival here. His MAJESTY,
after a brisk promenade on the enclosed Palace
grounds, took exercise on horseback in the covered
ridino-school for some time before dinner to-day.
It is said, that as soon as the Palace can be got in
readiness, the Princesses AUGUSTA and &Pula will
honour this town with a visit.
The MAYOR of CORK arrived at the York Hotel
this afternoon. He is the bearer of a Loyal Address
from that great and populous city. His MaiEspt*
has been graciously pleased to appoint to-morrow
morning, at eleven o'clock, to receive him.
Owing to the intense coldness of the weather,
neither the rides nor walks have had many fashion-
able visitors on them.
