THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1821.
Ifts MAJESTY's BIKTII-Z4Y (Kept).—Holiday at the Bank.
THE FUNDS.
CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
This being a close holiday at the Bank, Stock Exchange, and Fo-
reign Market, most of the Brokers have assembled at the Itnal

Exchange ; hut, op to this hour, scarcely a barga'n has been done
either in Cansols or Foreign Securities. Consols may be quoted at
PO, 3. The only bargain in the Foreign Funds was in Colombian
St ,ck, at 94—This moment a large quantity of French Scrip has

done at IS ; Colombian Scrip 4 pre.
rolothbian Scrip has jug been done at 3i to j.—Tlentes at Faris
on Thursday 102 f. 60c. for Money; for Time tO2l. E'Oc.

The Glasa° or Courier, a Journal neither very mea-
sured in its observations, nor vet)! moderate in its

principles, in everything that relates to the West Indies,
reiterates its abuse of Mr. SNaTu, the Missionary, and

insists that he was a principal leader in a rebellion in
Demerara, %, hich had for its object " the destruction or

expulsion of all the whites from the i2olony." Now,
although we have the highest respect for the " northern
light" who illumines the pages of the Glus;),otv Courier,
and believe as much in his country's great privilege,

second sight, as any person born on this side the Tweed
can do, yet we must not permit him to usurp the Nero-
pa:ivb of seeing what never took place, and therefore we
assert that it is a gratuitous and ungenerous assumption.
'l'o those who have read the report of the trial of the
ill-fated Missionary, published by order of the
of Commons, it is not necessary to state that neither
the evidence nor the accusation even, warrant an
inference that there was any design, even on tbb part
of the negroes, to destroy or expel all the whites from
the Colony.

The first charge against Mr. Shin n—the only one
which in the slightest degree alludes to the object of the
revolt, accuses him " of promoting discontent and dis-
iatisf action in the minds of the negro slaves towards
their law ful masters, managers, and overseers," then fol-
lows the alleged motive, that " he the said Jou:: Smut
thereby intending to excite the said negroes to break out
in such open revolt and rebellion against the authority
of their lawful masters, managers, and overseers, &c."
Such was the accusation, but the Court, who will certainly
never gain the honourable appellation of humane Jury-

men—the Court itself found that the charge was not

substantiated, and actually acquited Mr. SMITH of" in-
tending to excite the said negroes to break out in such
open revolt and rebellion against the authority of their
lawful masters." But why did the Court thus acquit

him? Why? " for want of sufficient proof thereof," says
the sentence.

We have thus shewn how far the " Gla:gow body"
has outstripped even a Demerara Court Martial in the
severity of its judgment ; on what evidence then is the
memory of an amiable and ill-fated individual thus in-
sulted ? On none.—Even the letters from Deme-
rara do not supply one 'iota of evidence which could
justify so wanton an accusation.
But this is not the only assumption of the Editor of
the Glasgow Courier. After stating that the London
Journals give meagre extracts from the evidence, it
asserts, that " the boldest of them, while they quibble
about the verdict, dale not impugn the competency of
the tribunal, or the decision it has come to." As for our.
selves, after a very hasty perusal and copious analysis of

the 92 pages of which this Trial contains, which we made
on the evening we received it, and inserted in the STAR
of Thursday, although we did not complain of the tribu-

sal, yet we obse: ved, that we did not think that there was
" that evidence of Mr. SMITH'S knowledge of the revolt,
much less his abetting it, that would have obtained
horn a Jury a verdict of Guilty." We, of courset:ii.-
luded to such Juries as have usually to decide on the
guilt or criminality of individuals in our own country—
not " slave-drivers, militia ofilcers, and planters of the
C..10ny," who (the Glasgow Editor says) would form a
very proper Jury.
A more attentive perusal of the trial of Mr. SMITH has
strengthened our first impressions as to the innocence of
Mr. SbIITH, and we are happy to find cur opinions con-
fit med by our cotiteurporaiies, many of whom have ex-
pressed themselses in tLe strongest terms, not only
against the verdict, but against the Court who passed it.
The _Vero Times, in particular, denied the competency
of the Court Martial trying an individual who was not
amenable to military laws—for be it :membered that
martial law had not been proclaimed when the alleged
oscoce took place ; the argument is indeed incuntro.
‘ertible, and yet we confess that we are still of opinion
as we asserted on Thursday set:night, that a " Court
Martial is less likely to be influenced, either by teals or
prejudices, than any Court that could be formed in a
Colony consisting of only two other classes of society
—slave owners and slaves." •
In making these remarks on an article in a contem-
porary Journal, which we assert nothing can justify, we
are *not insensible to the alarm felt in a city which has
such extensive commerce with the 'West Indies as Glas-
taw ; and although we sincerely join in the motto of
that great town—" Let Glasgow !lowish," yet rater
than she should owe her prosperity to the perpluation
of unmitigated slavery, or that her wealth should be
wi ung from the tears and stripes of the 0' untutored
African," we should say—" Let Glasgow perish."
The G/asgore courier contains a number of Resolutions
passed at De n:ei ara, in which the Colonists deny that they
are indifferent to the religious instruction of their slaves,
and refer to an application they made to Government to
have the Colony divided into parishes, and Ministet s of
the Established Church appointed, with an offer to con-
t.: ibute liberally towards their support. We rejoice to

heat this, it is in the true spirit 0 Clithtlanity ; then ext
liesollnionsbn which shall. make no further com-
ment, is in a very different spirit indeed. It objects to
the liritish Government interfering on behalf of Mr.
SMITH.

This forenoon we received the Moniteur of Wednes-
slay. with a private letter from Paris, dated late that
evening, by Express. Our Correspondent announces
that General GUILLENIINOT had that morning quitted
the French calital for Cons:antinople, as Ambassador;
and that on the preceding day a Courier left Paris for
Madrid, " bearing, as is believed, the recal of General
BOUIOIONT, who has joined the most violent of the
Spanish Royalists."
The Moniteur,in its official column, states that Baron
FAGEL, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary from the King of the Narnanta,Nns, had at a pri-
vate audience, presented tohis MAJESTY a letter announc-
ing the birth of a daughter of the Princess of ORANGE.
The Ambassador from Wirternburg at the same time
presented a letter from his Sovereign, announcing the
death of the Duchess AMELtA of WIRTEMBURG.
The intelligence ft om Spain in these papers has already
been anticipated in our own journals.
Our intelligence this morning from Bayonne is much
the same as that we continually have respecting Spain.
The following are extracts
BAYONNE, APRIL 13.
The last accounts from Madrid speak with more con-
fidence of the return of General Bourmont to France,
and mention the Duke of Ragusa as his successor. On
Sunday, the lth instant, some French were assassinated
by Spaniards : these sanguinary crimes are but too
frequent. The King intending to be at Toledo on the
9:h, the French will accompany him, an& the head-'
quarters will be there during his stay. Already orders
were given, as at Aranjuez, not to suffer any person to
enter the city without permission from the King : the
return of the French Gardes du Corps to France is still
spoken of. The Spanish Gardes du Corps, who are to
take their place, amount already to 200 men, among
whom, it is said, there are several French.
Contracts have been proposed by the Government
for the equipment of the Royal Guard, but no offers
have yet been made. A new Ordonnance has just been
published, relative to the quartering of the soldiers at
Madrid, with which the inhabitants are very dissatisfied,
because they will be almost as much incommoded,
notwithstanding the absence of the troops.
The weather at Madrid and in the provinces is into-
lerably hot, and it is feared it may cause some epidemic
disorders.

A great quantity of counterfeit Spanish gold coin
is in circulation: it is said to come frenn France.
The first column of Spanish prisoners, returning to
their own country, arrived here yesterday; it consists
of 400 men. it is apprehended they will be ill received
in their own country : their families have already been
insulted.
Though Baron d'Eroles has left Barcelona, to repair
to Madrid, he still remains Captain• General of Cata-
lonia. Immediately before his departure he addressed
the following Order of the Day to the troops under his
command :

" His Majesty having decided that I should repair to
Madrid, to attend the Committee for the organization
of the army, and that during my absence his Excel-
lency Lieutenant-General the Marquis of Campo Sa-
grado should be entrusted with the command of the
army, and province, he will be accordingly recognised
Captain-General from this day.
" Soldiers—You have seen by the preceding notice
with what a mark of confidence his Majesty honours
me, by calling me to assist in the organization of the
army. I know that lam partly indebted for this dis-
tinction to your services, and your military virtues,
which are admired by all those who have had an op-
portunity of observing them. I wish I could reward
your merits—accept in return for them my good wishes,
and my promise to recommend you to the favour of
the King our Master. I exhort you to persevere in your
virtues under the worthy General who takes my place.
They will be appreciated by him as they always have
been by your commander and companion in arms,
6, BARON VEROLES."

I'HE KING.

'INDSOR, APRIL 22.—This afternoon, at half after
two o'clock, his MAJESTY left the Palace in his pony
hhaeton for the Royal Lodge. His MAJESTY drove,
imself through the Little Park and Frogmore, and was'
followed in a second phaeton, with four ponies and two
postillions, by Lord GRAVES, Sir A. BARNARD, and
Lord ALBERT CONYNGHAII. The KING and suite inva-
riably take refreshments at the Lodge, which are sent
horn the Palace in the morning; after which his MA-
JESTY drives about the grounds, enjoying that exercise
which has hi:herto been so conducive to his MAJESTY'S
health.--"lhis evening his MAJESTY will have a select
party at dinner.

This being St. George's Day, and appointed for cele-
brating his Maarrry's Birth-day, it was observed as is usual upon
these occasions. Many of the Churches in the Metropolis displayed
their colonrs on the steeples, as did the ships in the River, and the
East and West India Docks. The Mail Coach procession, which
has for :natty years taken place ou the Bone's birth-day, is post-
poned till the 19th of this month, the day on which his Msar:s•ry
ludds a Drawing Room at St. James's Palace. The new clothing
of the Mail Guards, &c. will not be worn until that day. The flag
was not suspended from St. Martin's steeple, the hells of that Church
were not rung, nor did the Park or Tower guns fire.
The Duchess of GLOUCESTER paid a visit to the Prin-
cess AUGUSTA yesterday. Their Royal Highnesses rode out together
and visited Lady T.mant, at her residence, in Cadugan-place.
Wednesday, the Duke of GLOUCESTER was so much
recovered from his indisposition as to be able•to take an airing in
his carriage fur the first time since his confinement.
Wedresday morning the Duchess of GLOUCESTER
and the Princess Aettesrs visited the Duchess of KENT, the Princess
Surma, and the Duke of Sussex, at the King's Palace, Kensington.
The Princess SOPHIA MATILDA patronizes the grand
Performance
ormakicaerguis
ofSacLfed Music to he given in Greenwich Church.
CHOLIIONDELEY entertained a distin-
guished dinner party yesterday, at Cholmondeley House, Piccadilly.
WeduesdAy, Mr. Huns, accompaniedby Mts. HUME
and farnilf, lett his town residence for Seven Oats, Kent, w hue he
will remain during the Easter recess.
