FOREIGN STOCKS.

Danisis.s7/. Portuguese, 401; for Acct, 41. Russian, 881; for
Acct, 881. Spanisb,*for Acct, 161. Spanish 1823, —. French 5
per Cent, 84f 20e. three per Cent, 56f 50e. Exchange, 25130 c.

PUBLIC
Bank Stock, 199 8g 7;
India Stock, —. Bonds, 3 4
London Docks, £59 101
St. Catherine's. £7B lea
City Gas, £l9O
Bank of Scotland, £167
British Linen, £250
Grand Junction, £243
Leeds, £395
Regent's, £lB 10s

IMPANIES.
Irish Grind Canal, 731
Forth and Clyde, £695
& Man.Railway,ZMl toiC9o
Cromford, £45
Guardian.
Albion Fire, £75
Alliance, £8 5s
County, £4O
Bolanos Minn, £lBO
Steam Navigation, di:. l5.

Ws o'Ctocn.—Barometer, 29.98, Thermometer, 58. Wind N.E.
Weather, fair and cold.

TH E EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
MONDAY, APRIL 18.

••• We beg leave to inform our friends in Sheffield, that Mr.
CROOKE, Bookseller, Foregate, has obligingly undertaken to receive
Orders, Advertisements, and intelligence for the STas, in regard to that
Town and Vicinity.

Despatches were this day received at the Foreign Office,
Downing-street, from Lord GRAN VILLE, Lord PowsosT BY,
and Sir CHARLES BAGOT, our Ambassadors at Paris, Brus-
sels, and the Hague.

This day despatches were received at the India Board
from his Excellency the Right Hon. Lord WILLIAM
BENTIWCK, Governor of India, dated Calcutta, 18th of
November.

PA Ills Las been much disturbed during the week, by tu-
mults on fri►•olous subjects, manifesting a spirit which seems
to puzzle the Government, which has lost credit by the ac-
quittal of the persons who were brought to trial, with so',
much form. Tho Minister has, however, announced in both
Chambers, that, in consequence of remonstrances at Vienna,
the Austrian troops are to be withdrawn from the Pope's
territories. LA FAYETTE, LAMARQUE, ODILLOI4 BAR-
ROT, and DE TRACEY insisted, however, on the grow cru-
elty of permitting what had been done, and deplored the fate
of the Italian patriots, destroyed during the predatory ex-
cursions of the Austrians ; and of others, threatened by the
executioners of the Powers restored by Austrian bayonets.

: y.,

,~

We direct the attention of our readers to that part of our'
exclusive correspondence, explaining the treachery by which
the Italian patriots have been betrayed into the hands of the
Austrians. It is impossible that the Government of France
can suffer this to pass without due remonstrances on the
subject.

The honest Belgians are played with, as a cat plays
with a mouse. Their patience, which already has been
super-human, is now put to a further trial, and the defi-
nitive arrangement about Luxemburgh is postponed for
two months. In the mean time, the KING of Holland
has, it is said, declared Maestricht, in the heart of the
Belgic territory, an integral part of Holland ! Down to
this time, the Belgians have forborne to besiege it in
form, owing to illusory negotiations. The Belgic Minister
still assures the Congress of the friendly dispositions of
France.

The Prussian Gazettes, received yesterday, do not bring
down the war to a later date than the German papers of
Saturday, viz. to the sth. They give us, however, a Rus-
sian bulletin of the 2d, which speaks of the overthrow of
GEISMAR and ROSEN, as an unfavourable, but not important
event, and still dares to anticipate the passage of the Vistula.
It appears, however, that the Polish army are between them
and the Vistula, and in search of them, cutting off all their
detachments, and obliging them to fall back on the Wiprez,
the Russian head-quarters being at Latorice, and the Polish
at Siennica, the late head-quarters of the Russians.
In the mean time, UMINSKY has passed over the Narew,
taken some of the guards, and advanced even to Ostrolenka,
100 miles from Warsaw; and another Polish corps is
operating between the Bug and Narew. Hence SscxES
and the guards are completely severed from DIEBITSCII,
and the retreat of the latter to the south-east, and the other
to the north-east, increases their distance. If either make
a stand, there must be a battle of decisive character. Such
are the accounts which the press of Prussia allows to pass.
We are obliged, too, to receive its reports of the insurrec-
tion in Lithuania, by which it appears that they are in
force in all the chief towns ; and that the guards on march
to the Vistula, are on counter-march, to assist in sup-
pressing the revolt.
The Courts of Europe now speak of negociations in fa-
vour of the Poles; but we hope the Poles will take warning
by the fate of the Belgians. Their negociations, if sincere,
ought to have preceded the waste of life. They looked on
passively, while the Russian armaments were advancing to
Warsaw ; but now the Poles have destroyed these, and stand
on their own legs, they offer mediation. If it be a mediation
to assure the restoration of Poland as it stood in 1772, the
Poles ought to listen to it, but to no other; and this result
ought to be supported by all the liberal Governments.

HAWSUSGH, Aran. 12..—The Prussian State Gazette of yester-
day contains the following :—" According to the latest intelligence
from ftlemel, the Russian garrison of Polangen left that place during
the night between the sth and 6th inst. and retreated upon the Prussian
territory."
From Konigsberg they write that " the defeat of the insurgents near
Rossienna is confirmed by later accounts from the Russian frontier. The
insurgents suffered severely on the occasion, several being killed on the
spot, and a still greater number driven into the Dubin*, and drowned.
Their leader, a landholder from the vicinity of Ropolien, was taken
prisoner. In the direction of Georgenburg, the frontier is still occupied
by the insurgents, so that we are without any positive information as to
the extent of the insurrection. In Georgenburg, the insurgents have
plundered the houses of several fugitive functionaries."
The St. Petersburg Mail of the 90th ult. reached Hamburg this
morning, having been brought from Libau to Memel by water. The
Papers contain but little matter of int ; but the private letters are
curious, in as far as they betray a perfect confidence in the prompt and
satisfactory termination of the Polish war.
WARSAW, APRIL 7.—Our papers now contain General Skrsynecki's
circumstantial report of the victory of Dembe-Wielkie, all the principal
points of which are before the public.
A part of our army is said to be advancing by forced marches towards
Bialystock, in order to attack the Russian Guards encamped there.—
Detachments are also said to have been sent northward, from Kaluuyn,
to destroy the bridges over the Bug; by which means it is exported
the retreat of the Guards, encamped between that river and the Narew,
will be cut off.

When our troops arrived in Kalusun; last Friday, the Jews of the
place, though high prices were offered refused to sell our soldiers any
provisions, asserting that the Russians bad taken every thing from
them : by accident, however, a large stock of eatables was discovered,
concealed in one of the houses. Hereupon • general search ensued, anti
our brave fellows were soon abundantly supplied.
The evening before last, intelligence was received that the Polish
troops had taken up positions in the vicinity of Laskanew and Zele-
chow. The Russian army had retreated on the Wieprx ; their head-
quarters being at Ryki. Under these circumstances a picked battle
is likely to be fought, either to-day or to-morrow, on the plains of
hlaciejowice. (It was reported in Berlin, on Sunday evening, that the
expected battle had been fought, and that the result had been decidedly
favourable to the Poles).

Such is the multiplicity of business which now engages
the House of Commons, that no less than twenty-five Orders
of the Day stand for this evening, and nine Notices of
Motions. Many of the questions, at the same time, deeply
affect the interests and liberties of the people ; and demand,
severally, as many hours deliberation as are assigned to
thirty-four objects. Among these are the Second Readings
of the Irish Reform Bill, of the important Frauds
of Creditors' Bill, as it is craftily called, of the
Common Law Courts' Bill, of the Irish Vestries'
Bill, of the Charities Bill, of the Charitable Funds Bill,
and of the India Supreme Courts Bill, either of them
calculated to employ the whole sitting of the house. Be-
sides, there are eight Committees to be formed, and one
of them on the English Reform bill, likely of itself to
employ several evenings, and each of them on objects more
or less important. And above all, there are nine notices
of motions, and several of them on subjects of funda-
mental character. The inference from this state-
ment must be, that there is needed a Committee
to direct the business of the House, and to apportion
it for different days, as that the subjects may receive the
attention due to them. For want of some such arrange-
ment are Laws and Clauses too often passed, which prove in-
juriousand oppressive, while they leave so much to the arbi-
trary interpretation of the Courts, and generate that curse of
society, " the glorious uncertainty of the Law."

The Slave Emancipation question is espoused by the
public with a warmth of feeling honourable to the justice
and humanity of a free people. Mr. BUXTON stands for-
ward as the parliamentary advocate of this and every ques-
tion opposed to oppression and suffering ; but he has to
contend against powerful self-interests. Twenty years' dis-
cussion has, however, deprived slavery of all its apologists
and defenders,and it has now become a mere question of vested
property and expediency. When, however, it appears that
without cargoes of fresh victims from Africa, the slaves, wbo

in 1807 numbered 700,000, do not now number 600,000,
and that the mortality from severe labour is, in the
Sugar Islands, in a higher ratio, it is plain that
the evil will in a century cure itself by the cruel
extinction of the unhappy race. Mr. BARING argues,
however, that if we destroyed our own sugar plantations by
giving freedom to those who will not labour if they can help
it, we should be obliged to resort to the sugars of Cuba and
Brazil, where slavery exists in its worst, and least modified
forms. But, in reply to this specious position, we inform the
public, from personal knowledge, that through all the east,
sugar is produced in superabundance by the voluntary in-
dustry of the natives. No sugar is superior to that of Java,
and it is the high duties alone, imposed for the protection of
the West India slave system, which deprives us of the con-
sumption of Javanese and other East India sugars. We
need, in fact, never resort to sugar produced by slaves,
except in consequence of our own fiscal regulations,
and this is well known to every man who is acquainted
with the produce of India. Nor, in fact need we,
except from our own choice and erroneous legislation, go to
the Torrid zone at all for sugar. The finest sugar ever
seen is produced from beet-root in France and Germany, at
little more than three-pence a pound, and every acre of
most of our waste lands might be made to produce eight
cwt. of sugar. We have, in truth, no reason whatever to
send thousands of miles for sugar, while the production of it
at home would employ all those families who are geeing to
the wilds of Canada and Australasia. We certainly think
some indemnity should be granted to the West India pro-
prietary ; but, with regard to the production of sugar by
African slaves, (a race averse to labour, and, like all men,
averse to labour in a state of hopeless slavery), we agree
with honest men, and wi.h conscientious christians, that the
West India system ought forthwith to be put au end to.
Let us have East India sugars, or beet-root sugars, or even
West India sugars, of the produce of free labour, but we
ought to forbear the indulgence, if the Legislature will only
permit us to use an article contaminated by the tears and
blood of the wretched Negro Slaves.

We are happy to observe, that the London subscriptions
for the Irish in Mayo, amounts to nearly six thousand
pounds. It is impossible that the result of the misgovern-
ment of Ireland, which bas produced distress to such an
extent, as the late accounts from that country describe, can
be observed, without calling forth the philanthropic ener-
gies of Englishmen. It is not perhaps correct, to attri-
bute to the present, or late Administration, the evils
existing in Ireland ; for it has always been a coun-
try governed more like a conquest, than a portion of the
empire. We fear much, that unless some rudimental
change takes place in the arrangements of society, both here
and in Ireland ; or some mode be discovered of calling the
productive energies of the people into action, that famine
may not be an impossible contingency in this country, as
well as Ireland. It is not the removal of taxation, or re-
trenchment in expenditure, which will be adequate to cure
our deep-seated political derangement.

CITY. ONE O'CLOCK.

The express this morning from Paris is of some conse-
quence ; and it confirms what we stated in our City article
of last Friday, in a letter from Frankfort, that the Austrian
answer had arrived to the French Government, and that the
Austrian troops would retire from Italy, the moment the
revolution was over.

The private letters from Paris this morning are of a more
favourable description, than we have received for some time
past. They are of a very pacific nature, and assert that no
war will take place on the Continent, and it is also expected
that negociations are on the tapir to settle the affairs of
Poland.

The Hamburg!) and Dutch steamer has not as yet ar-
rived.

Consols, which left off on Saturday at 781 for the Ac-
count, opened at the same price soon after, went up to 78;-
79, and for money 791 to;.—ln the foreign Market little
or nothing doing.

CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.

Some days ago we stated that the French Government
had made a proposal to ours to take possession of the
Scheldt, while France and Prussia was to take the Belgian
fortresses, until the affairs of that country were settled.
We are now informed, that in a Cabinet Council recently
held, it was determined that our Government should not
consent to this proposal ; therefore we do not imagine that
the five sail going out with sealed orders are for that desti-
nation.

Consols which were in the early part of the morning at
78 for the account, have since improved to 79} to
and for money 79g.
We have letters srom Antwerp of the 15th April, which
state all was perfectly quiet there; but the erecting of new
batteries, and the consequent movement of cannon, mortars,
and balls, have rather created some alarm, and several fami-
lies are leaving the city.
The Polish Government have stopped the barges in the
rivers laden with wheat, and pay two-thirds in money, and
the rest in bonds, for the contents. We have a report that
a body of Poles have been cut off by the Russians. Some
letters have arrived to-day from St. Petersburgh, although
the communication was said to be cut off.

Little or nothing doing in the Foreign market at present

We do not object in the abstract to any society which is
calculated to draw out independent candidates—seeing that
other parties have their centre of counteraction ; but such
a Society may do harm as well as good. We regret to ob-
serve among the leaders of one of them several of the anti-
social Political Economists—while if we had the casting
voice, we would prefer even the selfish boroughmonger,
who does good at his price, to the cold-blooded economist,
who insensible of all the social feelings, reduces men to the
despotic sway of the square and rule, and the multiplication
table. They would lay us on the bed of Procrustes, and
saw us off to its length, or stretch us by the wheel and pi-
nion, smiling at our cries, for they never laugh, and telling
us that it is for the public good ! Philanthropy, pity, cha-
rity, are with such men crimes, fallacious, and unworthy
feelings, never to be exercised if opposed by some of their
flippant maxims, and sophistical theories. But abhorring
such a school, and more happy in our sensibility, than they
in their apathy, we should be sorry to see any of this party
in a reformed Parliament, and if half a dozen were chosen
in ignorance, we could endure them merely to serve as a
foil to common sense. We think, therefore, that as a pre-
liminary to public confidence, a Parliamentary Candidate
Society, ought to exhibit a clear view of its own princi-
ples, and till it has done so, electors should be ',MOONILY
JOALOUI Of its recommendations.
