
rights. Napoleon Bonaparte pretends to subdue you to his despo-
tism—to dethrone the beloved Sovereign whom you have
solemnly sworn to defend and acknowledge ! and would destroy
your holy Religion, under the pretence of making the Spaniards
happy; and under that disguise to reduce them to the most se-
vere and ignominious slavery !
" I already see you resolved; and hear you exclaiming, ' Ra-
ther let us die! We will expend the last drop of the noble
blood that circulates in our veins, sooner than submit ourselves
to the insupportable yoke and unheard of tyranny of the French!
Nor Will we allow their revolutionary and destructive principles
to possess our minds for one moment "—This, too, is my vow !I
And I swear and promise, by every thing most sacred, to defend
your persons and your properties, and to preserve inviolate the
Holy Faith we were born in, and to adhere to that fidelity we
owe to the Spanish nation, and to our beloved Monarch, Ferdi-
nand VII.
" The sign of our united and individual faith, that we arc ready
to perform the pledge we have given, shall be a red cockade,
which shall be invariably worn on our hats ; with this differwice,
.that the Military and all those holding official situations, shall
wear in the centre of the red cockade, another small one of black,
to indicate the friendship and good will existing between the Spa-
nish and English nations ; and that on every cockade the initials
of our august Sovereign's name shall be affixed, to certify more
strongly the object of this distinguishing mark of honour, pro.
claiming, at the same time, that all persons not wearing cockades
of the above description, within eight days after publication of
this edict, will be deemed suspicious, and shall b.• punished ac-
cordingly. '! Given at Porto Rico, this 84th day of July, 1808.
(Signed) MONTIS."

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, OCTOBER I.

On the 21th ult. arrived at Calais an English sloop
of 45 tons, called the Margaret Anne, William Tem-
pie,- master, of Barton, laden with 18 tons of coals. 1
She was seized in the night of the 20th, in the Hum- fl
ber," by three French prisoners, who escaped from
Norman Cross. There were only the Captain and !
one seaman on board. 1
The Minister who has the direction of the Military ,
Conscription, has published the following notice on
the subject of the Satatu: Con:wham of the 10th Sep- !
tember
" That conscripts, who are widowers, or divorced, and with-
out children, are not entitled to any exemption—that conscripts,
married previous to the sth instant, must transmit their contracts
of marriage, duly Certified, to the Sub-Prefects of their respective I
departments—that every conscript, who is the only son or the
eldest living, of a widow, or whose father has reached'his 71st
year, or who basa brother already serving as a conscript, shall be ,
entitled to be placed at the bottom of the list of the conscrlpu en
depst."
OCTOBER 2.—Letters from Bayonne, of September
24, contain the following intelligence :
" Troops and artillery daily arrive here. The pas- I
sage of the army will continue through this place dur-
ing the *hole month of October.
" We have this instant received information, that
the Spanish General, Blake, has come from the. Astu-
rias with a division of 8000 men, and is marching
upon Bilboa. a i
" Letters received this morningfrom Vittoria state,
that Marshal Bessieres, who had removed his head-';
quarters to Burgos, had, npon receiving intelligence '
of the movement of the Spaniards, marched at the
head of a division, with the intention of cutting them
off ; and it was even said that he had already arrived
at Laredo, through v.hich place it was most probable
that Blake's corps would endeavour to escape.
" The same letters further state that Vittoria is in
a state of complete tranquillity ; and should the Spa-
niards attack the French in their strong positions,
their temerity would most certainly receive a severe
chastisement.
" At the departure of the latest intelligence fr3m
Bilboa, no English ships were then in view ; and the
movements against the city were regarded as being
merely intended to operate a diversion. Measures
were taken accordingly.
" The co:nmercial relations with Bayonne are still

in full activity.
a The troops that were encamped on the glacis set
off this morning for Spain ; and it is stated, that the
troops, on their march for this place, will arrive
sooner than we expected ; as they are advancing by
different routes through the Greater and Lesser Landes.
The supplies of bread, meat, forage, acc. are or-
dered to be got ready by the 27th.
" The corps commanded by Marshal Ney is in the
presence of the insurgent army, under the command
of General Castanos ; and his Excellency appears to
have concerted some enterprise with Marshal Moncey.
a All the troops are full of animation, and their
march through France is a truly magnificent expedi-
tion. They proceed through the departments amidst
the congratulations andembraces of their countrymen;
but their chief festivity will be when they shall Ind
themselves opposed to the English."
The 5 per cents. are at 80 f. 5 c. with div. from
September 22.
BAYONNE, SEPTEMBER 22.

General Lefebvre passed throigh this city on the
18th for Parts.
The new Vice-Roy of Navarre was expected, on
the 16th, at Pampeluna, but had not arrived. Mar-
shal Moncey had left that city.
It is said, that the insurgents will shortly be at-
tacked by a great force on the side of Tudela, Vat-
tiera, and the district of Rioxa, and on the side of the
Asturias, where BLAke, one of the Generali of the.
insurgents, has the chief command.
BREST, SEPT. 24.

In the night of the 17th, the 2d section of the 14th
division of the coast guards of Benaudet set out for
the purpose of lauding on the isle of Per:fret, which
had been tafen possession of by the enemy.. It is
one of the. Glenans, or uninhabited islands, lying four
miles to the Southward of Concarneau. The issue
of this expedition was the burning of two houses, the
filling up of three fine wells, the carrying off of some
cattle, the capture of seven Englishmen, and the
destruction of all their establishment on the island.

• VICTORIA, SEPT. W.
In a Royal Decree, dated the 9th September, at
Miranda,- his Majesty prescribes various regulations
for putting a st( to the assassinations and other enot-
mities that are committed in various parts of the Spa-
nish territory, and to disarm those who have made so
bad a use of their arms.
Don Manuel Bromero has, in consideration of his
services, been appointed Minister for the Home De-
partment.
STRASBURGH, SEPT.IB.

The Mayor has pdblished a notification to the Jews
resident here, that the books for registering their new
family names have been open for some time past, and
that they will be finally closed on the 3d of November;
after which date, all those who shall not have com-
plied with the provisions of the Imperial Decree, will
be banished from the French territory.

ST. PETERSBURCf, SEPT.
I/ROM THE coiner GAZETTE.
On the 9th August (0. S.) Admiral Chanykow
awnidtlinlitnise.sfrqiugaadteros,n,anedonsstreestig
sfooafrilnediinoefrnesamnivlroolif:wthegsuloidlnldned,
to reconnoitre the strength
and position of the enemy, and to act- according to
circumstances. He discovered the enemy's fleet ton-
sisting of, 18 ships and frigates inul'engevrouw, at
anchor in the Scheeren. Admiral Chanykow cruised
there with his squadron until the 13th, when he
lear*ed from his advanced frigates that the enemy
were weighing anchor. The Admiral immediately
detached a sloop of war to observe the enemy, placed
himself in order of battle, made sail to the East, to
prevent being cut off from his ports, where it was his
intention to commence a general engagement. In the
afternoon of the same day, there was perceived from
the mast head the enemy's squadron, reinforced by
two English ships, in chace of our fleet. The next
morning Admiral Chanykow determined to attack
the enemy, and kept tacking during the night to gain
the wind of the enemy.
At day-break the enemy's fleet, consisting of 13
sail of the line, and five large frigates, was seen to
leeward. Among them were two English ships, one
a three-decker, carrying a Rear-Admiral's flag, and
the other a two-decker, of the largest size. There
was also a three-decker among the Swedish ships.—
The van of the enemy, led by the English ships,
were then close up with our rear, and at 5 o'clock in
the morning the two English ships attacked succes-
•sisrely. the Wsewolod, the last ship of our rear, which,
had fallen to leeward.
Admiral Chanykow immediately bore down witt
the whole of his squadron. The English, afraid.of
.being cut off, instantly tacked, and the Swedes did
the same. Captain Rudnew, of the Wsewolod, was
the first to open his fire upon the enemy, .and vigo-
rously repulsed their attack in the view of the two
fleets, but suffered much in his rigging. His main
and top-gallant masts, and the greatest part of his
running rigging, were shot to pieces ; and he was
no longer able to keep his place in the line, which he
communicated by signal. Admiral Chanykow, who
was an eye witness to all this, allowed him to go into
Baltic port, and ordered a frigate to take him in tow.
In consequence of this, our fleet was a ship less in
number even before the battle began. Besides, the
Sewerhaja Swesda could not set all her sails, on ac-
count of some sudden damage she had sustained.—
From these causes the enemy was stronger than we,
ad Admiral Chanykow made sail for Baltic Port, to
pteient the enemy from availing himself of his supe-
riority. The enemy also made sail to windward, and
the English.vessels made use of all their dexterity to
cut' off the Wsewolod, which could not be put in
condition, or kept up with our fleet.
To prevent this, Admiral Chanykow threw out a
signal to the rear, to cover this ship, and give her
every. possible assistance, bat having fallen too far
to *ward, the Wsewolod, notwithstanding all the
efforts of her commander, and of the other Captains
' of the division, could not get round the Northern ex-
tremity of the island of Roga, and enter Baltic Port
j with the rest of the fleet. She was therefore obliged
Ito come to anchor to the northward of the island, at
a short distance from the shore.
In the mean time the Commander in Chief entered
with all his squadron, came to anchor, and made
everY.preparation necessary for repulsing the enemy ;
but the latter stood off with all his. fleet. The first
care of the Admiral was, to endeavour to bring in the
Wsewolod—and for this purpose he collected all the
! boats, and appointed to this duty the Second Cap-
tains Mini zkoi and Tulubjew, officers of talents and
experience.
At three in the afternoon they proceeded, and as
there was but little wind, began to take the vessel in
tow. The English ships immediately in sight of the
Swedish fleet, set all their sails, and as it was impos-
sible for us to getup our anchors on account of the
wind, which blew gently from the North east, they-
bore down on the Wsewolod, which was attacked by
one of the English ships when she was just in the act
.Of rounding the neck of land, and in the evening sile
was attacked in the same manner by the other All,
the boats were dispersed by the erwmy's broadsides,
but Captain Minizkoi collected them and returned to
the squadron.
There soon commenced a fresh action between the
Wsewolod and the two English ships. Capt. Rudnew
encouraged his crew, who, for the greater part, were
composed of men taken from the militia. His bravery
inspired them with courage, and he received the enemy
gallantly and intrepidly. The fire of the heavy guns
was dreadful on both sides, that of the small arms,
which began shortly after, increased the horror of the
fight ; at every broadside the slaughter became
greater. The Captain of the Wsewolod, who had so
warmly received both his intrepid enemies, did not lose
his presence of mind, but did them very great damage,
supported by the most exemplary efforts of valour and
skill from Captain Tulubjew and the other (Akers.
The Wsewolod discharged her whole broadside into
the stern of one of the enemy's, vessels, which got
upon a sand-bank, and killed a number of her crew ;
but having many shots through her hadl, and making
a great deal of water, she bega' to sink.
In this state of distress the Wsewolod hoisted the
few tatters of sails whip]) were left, and renewed the
engagement. She was then boarded by One of the
enemy's ships, and a dreadful carnage ensued,- The
enemy were frequently obliged to retreat, but ,re.i
turned to the charge with increased fury. All the
officers and crew of the Wsewolod did their duty,
and did not spare even to the last drop of their blood.
The slaughter lasted upwards of an hour, and would
have only ceased with the death of the last of the
combatants, had not the other English ship approach-
ed the Wsewolod. Having come as close to her as
she could, she gave our vessel her whole broadside,
and-completely destroyed her. The English then took
possession of a vessel shot through and through, and
filled with dead. Such of our people as survived being
no longer in a condition to resist the enemy, jumped
overboard to avoid being taken prisoners, and 56 of
them, by these means, supported by oars and the
floating wreck of the vessel, escaped. The English,
finding it impossible to get the vessel off, set her un
fire, taking away the rest of the crew, of which Rear
Admiral Hood sent back in a flag of truce, thirty-
seven wounded, on the 15th August (0. S.) We are
assured bythese persons that the English had a greater
number killed and wounded, and that their ships are
hulled in several places. Admiral Chanykow does

not exactly know the extent of our loss in IT cir
wounded.
SEPT. 24.—An Ukase has been published, which
prohibits our Ambassadors, Envoys, and other Meth.
bers of the Diplomatic Body, from purchasing estates
in foreign countries, whether in their own names, or
those of their wives c,r children. Should any such
purchasevhave been actually made, the proprietors
must'dispOse of them within one year, if they are de-
sirous of remaining in the service of Russia.
