GREAT REF qt3l MLETING.

Yesterday, one of the most impel .ant, numerous, and highly respect-
able Meetings which we ever witnesstal, as held in the Egyptian Heti
Mansioo-house, foi the purpose of taking into consideration the pre-
;Hay of petitioning Parliament in simport of the Ministers' plan of
Reform, and agreeing to nn Address to die King on .he same subject.
Amongst those present we noticed all the City NI esti;tem (exec. ting Mr.
Ward.) Mr. J. Smith, Sir. Raikes, Mr. Ald. The•Awon, the Deputy
Governor of the Bank, Sir J. Lubbock, Mr. Lloyd the banker, and se-
veral of .he Aldermen, Common Councilmen, and ethers connected with
the City. The area in front of the platform. and the platform
were completely filled. In the cornice of the proceedings, Mr. O'Connell
entered the Hall, and was loudly cheered.
The Right Hon. the Loan MAVOI took the Chair. Ilia Lordship
addressed the meeting, and said that it was with feelings of unnaingled
pleasure that he addressed so respectable a fleeting—a meeting assem-
bled fordhe purpose of expressing their loyalty to their most gracioue
Sovereign (cheers); and their gratitude to him for the confidence which
he had reposed in his enlightened Ministers (applause); who he knew
possessed the confidence of the people (cheers). These Ministers were
pledged to economy, retrenchment, and reform ; the two former they
had effected as far as under existing circumstances it was possible for
them to have done ; and they had come forward to redeem the latter ;
upon the success of which depended the peace of the country, the sta-
bility of the throne, and the prosperity and happiness of the people
(applause.) The people had already come forward to support his
Majesty's Ministers in this measure, and he trusted that they
would still continue to do so, because, although there was a majo-
rity of one for the second reading, and this lie conceived to be it
triumphant majority for the King and the people, considering the very
great odds that were against them in the House of Commons, still lie
would say, that although they heel been so far triumphant, they should
not rest upon their oars, they should still exert themselves to support
the measure against all opposition. (Hear.) He thought that those
men who, like Mr. J. Smith, had tweed in a liberal and enlightened
manner, and sacrificed their interest for the public good, were rleserving
of the highest commendation. (Applause.) His lordship then alluded
to the arguments of the opponents of the measure, namely, that the
stability of the throne would he endangered, that the constitution would
be destroyed, and that the whole system of government would he
changed. The times were gone by when the people of England were 1
to be cajoled by such false reasoning. The measure before Parliament
had no such tendency, but the very contrary; and as the people wished
it, it nutst and shall pass. His lordship sat down amidst applause at.d
waving of hats.
Mr. J. Sattrit stood forward to propose the first resolution, and ex-
pressed a wish that the duty had devolved on some one possessed of
greater health of body and power of mind than he possessed. The ob-
ject which they had in view was the first anti prottelese thae caul(' animate
Britons. This meeting had been called at the instance of ter. ant I emit-
sitionists (amongst whom he was one) who, considering that meetings
to sulmort his Majesty's Ministers had been held in almost all pares of
the kingdom, thought that it did not become the City of bondoo, the
cradle of liberty, to he behind in the grew. aed good work. He should
rot trouble that meeting with opinions upon itethrm ; (very man is tha•
room had been reading or discussing the subject fin the last month, aid
the whole thing was now perfectly understood. It war generally admit-
ted that seats were purchased in the House of Commons, and ;hem were
many who advocated this principle of purchase ; hut those who did so.
agreed upon that which was contrary to good sentee anti hoses. 1..
Mr. Burkett speech, upon the trial of Warren Basting., lie found this
fact, that the Nabob of Arcot had six members in the British House of
Commons. Now here was the fact of purchase placed beyond all
doubt ; so all that that Eastern Prince had to do was to expend more
money, and he could have 26 members, instead of six. Mr Smith er-
luded to the necessity of a change in the preseut system of representa-
tion, because of the increasing knowledge and wealth of the middle
classes of society, who by the present system were excleded from having
any share in the representation of the country. He feared no ill from
the present measure of reform passing ; his fears were, if it should he
rejected. (Hear, hear.) He contended that, had they throterly had
what they would have, if the plan of reform were carried into efl'ect,
namely, an attentive and hard-working Musa of Commons, they
would never have been led into a long expensive war, and that
too against the wishes of the people. (Applause.) Mr. Smith
said lie elererved no credit for offering to give up the interest which he
had in the hormigh of Welborn, for he had promised the people of
Chichester to do so, whenever any arrangement was come to in Paellas
rent to do away with boroughs altogether; (hear, hear.) His heart
was filled with gratitude to GOD for allowing him to live to see lb*
abolition of the 'fest and Corporation Acts, freedom given to the Ca-
tholics, and though last, not least, Parliamentary Reform.—(Cheers.)
Mr. SMilh concluded by proposing a Resolution, which was to the
effect, that the meeting had perused the Bill of Parliamentary Reform
introduced into Parliament. and that, if it were carried, it would pre-
serve the peace of the country, and uphold all the great institutions of
the State.--(Applause.)
Al. A. H. Tnostraost, Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England,
seconded the Resolution, which being put from the Chair, was carried
with only one hand being put tip against it.
Sir J..LIIIIBOCIL next presented himself to the meeting, and raid
that, howeser he objected, generally speaking, to take part in public
proceedings, he could not hesitate to conic forward upon the present
ocess'on ; when he held a resolution in his hand expressive of their
to al y and attachment to our most gracious Sovereign, for the support
which he was graciously pleased to viva his ministers, in their endea-
vows to reform the representation of the country. Although his Ma-
jesty had sat upon the throne but for a few short months, he had shewn
himself to be one of the most constitutional monarchs that ever sat upon
the throne of these realms. (Ilear,hear.) He had given his support to
a measure which he conceived, and justly conceived, to be for the bene-
fit of the people. That this measure was necessary, was proved by the
tact that the large and wealthy commercial and manufacturing bodies
were calling loudly for it. (Hear.) The opponents of the measure
say that, if the nomination boroughs are done away with, the 4:Giobit
shipping, funded, and the other great interests, will not have supportes
in the Hose of Commons. What ! were those interests in the care of
the nomination boroughs ? No, fortunately, those interests were In
much higher keeping. But, in fact, the very worst opponents of those
interests, were the Domination boroughs. Hot why, he asked, should
those interests have an exclusive avenue to the House of Commons!!
There was no golden road to knowledge, there should be none to the
House of Commons. The hon. baronet concluded by moving a rese-
lotion to the effect stated in his speech, which was seconded by
L.
Lloyd, Esq.

Mr. Alderman VENABLIS 511.1 d the proposed plan of reform was
calculated to promote the prosperity of the country and the general
welfare of the people. (Hear.)
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAR said he wished to impress upon the minds
of the people the necessity of inividual exertions in behalf' of the mea-
sure. Everything depended upon the people, and the trifling majority
:if one proved the importance of the exertions of one individual. (Hear.)
Every one who entered into the contest, should do so with a feeling thst
much depended on his individual exertions. There were two parties
engaged in it---the King, the Government, anti the body of the people
or. one side, and the borotighwongers on the other. (Hear.) A ;mi-
-1 vine meeting of hankers had been held, and a petition agreed to, by
them, against the mea.ure, hut their proceedings only exposed their
ii;aknes.. and proved tic absolute necessity for Reform.
Captain BIDER (Who alona had held up his hand against the resedu-
don) alma forwerl in explain his reasons for doing so. He expressed
himself satisfied with tha present state of things, and said, under our
' excellent Constitution the victories of the Nile and Waterloo had been
gained. He proceeded at some lcngtl., but the hisses in all parts of the
Hell rendered him completely inaudible.
PASCOE GRENFELL, E4tt. M.P. read an Address to his Majesty,
and also Petitions in favour of Reform CO both Houses of Parliament,
which, he trusted, would he unanimonsly agreed to by the meeting.
Mr. O'CnNwEr.x. was then loudly called for, and came forward; but
on the Lord Mayor explaining that the meeting was one of merchants
and bankers only, and that it was the wish of several that no other per-
son• should take part in die proceeding, he sat down.
Mr. Alderman Tnossrsow addressed the meeting at considerable
length in favour of the Reform Bill.
Mr. Alderman Woon, GEORGIC GROTE, Esq. (hanker), and seve-
ral other Gentlemen, spoke at great length in favour of the bill.
The Address and Petitions were agreed to, and thanks voted to the
Chainnan ; after which three cheers were given for the King and Re-
form, and the meeting adjourned.

KENT hi EZTINGivI Cutisevence of a requisition presented to
the High Shiriff of the county of Kent, B. Powell, Esq. and siAna/ by
the Earls of Radnor and Winchilaca, Lords Barham and Sondes. and
a large number of most opulent and respectable freeholders, a county
meeting was appitinted so be held at 12 o'clock Yesterday on Pencnclem
heath. The tiay, however. came in whit. storm of sleet and snow, and as
there appeareti at 11 o'clock. no chance of the weather taking oil, Me,
Scud: mote, the Under Sheriff, proceeded to the heatit, for the purpo-e
of siirmally adjourning the meeting to the High-street, Alaid.totte.. At
the same time a placard was Issued, stating that the meeting would be
opened in the High-street w half-past 12 o'c'ock. .1 few waggons
were placed before the Town-hall, and in spite of the inclemency 01'
&he weather u; wards a 3,000 persons were assembled in the opril air
at 1 o'clock. when the mew irg wis opened by Me His:, Sheriff.
After an apologetic letter from Sir Edward Ktutielibull, who Ua sh-
scat on account of illiiess, the High She. opened the meetigr. ..t1
the Earl of Radnor moved an address II) Ilk Alajesty, expressire. of
gratitude for lota its-, called if* his Council a blissistry haostrahle to re-
InTlll. This address wus seconded by Mr. E. Darrel, and supporter by
the Earl of Winchelsea, in an eloquent and ill1pOlia”i Prosch. Aft. '-
being ineffectually opposed by Lost .1,1411011. nod cer.ral mitt t gentle-
men having spoken on the occasion, the address and petition were car-
ried almost unanimously. by acclamation.

PA NORA MA Ulu' TH 141 BnrriSl-1
EMPIRE.

MANCHESTER AND AALFORD ADVERTIZER,

MARCH 19.

Within the present week two public meetings have been held in this
:own, for the purpose of:disseminating infonna.ion nn the nature and
principles of temperance societies, and of promoting the ger.eral obj.tes
nt the above inattention.; at which that seal ma advocate of these cu-
cietics, Professor Edgar, of Belfast, took a mos. prominent part. Th,:
first took place on Tuesday evening, at Salford Town Hall, and was nu-
merously and respectably attended. The chair was taken by Lot Gar-
diner Esq.
Professor Edgar then came forward, and addressed the meeting at
great length. He commenced by stating the progress of the temperance
societies in the United States, in which country, we 'relieve, they had
their origin. Not more than three years ago, the labourers in that
country would scarcely work without having recourse to arden.. spirits ;
and for the take of convenience the reapers, in harvest time, usually had
a keg of rum placed near the scene of their employment. Indeed, to
such an excess were spirits indulged in, at :he period alluded to, that,ac-
cording to the hills of mortnity, nearly one.fifth of the population
perished annually from intemperance. Now, however, such was the
change effected by temperance societies, that labourers and
mechanics abstained entirely ; vessels Wilt out without any
spirits except what was taken for medicine ; and forty ships vele
registered at once in Charleston, upon the temperance plan. Congress
had abolished rations of rum to their navy ; and complaints had been
made in the West Indies that the demand for this spirit from the United
States bad almost ceased. In this country also, the government had
abolished rations of spirits in the army. After some remarks on
the advantages resulting from an abstinence from arden spirits,
the Professor proceeded to detail the progress which tem-
perance societies had made in England. These societies had
increase 4 in number to twenty-two, containing not less than 40,000
members who had subscribed to the pledge. As an argument of the
efficacy of then societies, it was stated that in Bradford, owing to the
operation of the temperance societies, the consumption of spirits had,
during the past year, experienced a diminution of at least one-third.
After some further remarks, the Professor concluded his interesting ad.
dress by an earnest appeal to all present to come forward, and give
their countenance and support to the temperance;societies in this town.
At a Meeting in the Town Hall, Manchester, on Wednesday,
March 16, 1831, of the Gentlemen on whose requisition the late public
meeting was called, Thomas Potter, Esq. in the Chair, it was moved
by Mr. GREG, seconded by Mr. RICHARD POTTZIL, and carried
unonimously,—That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is of vital im.
portance that his Majesty's Ministers be supported in the measures of
reform which they have brought forward in the House of Commons.
I That a subscription be opened—the subscribers pledging themselves, in
the event of a dissolution of Parliament to pay the sums annexed to
their respective names to a fund, for returning, by all constitutional
means, members pledged to support kis Majesty's Ministers. in those
I measures.

Tie following Sums were then subscribed :
Nit.. Thomas Potter
Mr. R. H. Greg ...
Mr. J. C. Dyer ...
Mr. Richard Potter
Mr. Ro!'ert Philips .. • •
Messrs. Fielden and Brothers ...
Mr. Award Baxter
Mr. John Brooks ...
Messrs. T. Coates and Co. ...
Messrs. Jn:in Barran and Son
Mr. George Heywood
Mr. Richard Wilson
Mr. A. Lees
‘Villiani Harvey
Mr. John Ashton
Meese. T. and J. Johnson
Mi. George Hole
Mr. Mark Philips
hlr. T. B. W. Sanderson

... 200
.. 200
200
... 100
... 100
... 100
.. 50
.. 50
.. 50
50
. ISO
.. 50
. .
50
50
...
... 50
... 100

••• ••• • •

Sir. A. Ft entice, for Subscribers at the Time: office ... 50
..
Sir.
Richard itoherts • • . • •
S 1 r. A. Wutkins ... ... ... 10
Sir. W. Whitworth ... ... 10
M .. r. W. G. Seed .. .. ... 10
Mr. William Hunter .. ... . • 25
Sir. P. F.kkersley ... .. .. ... 10
Mr. Alexander Kay . ... ... .. 50
Ir. J. If. liulme • . ... 50
Mr. J. S. Cholera% ... ... ... .. 10
A massive casting, weighing upwards of seven tons, was recently
manufactured by Smiths, Brothers, Adelphi Iron Works, near Chester.
field, and New Cross Foundry, in this town, being the upper part or
less division of the vast orbicular case or globose shell, appertaining to
Dakeyne's patent hydraulic engine, which is erecting by the inventots.
in barley Dale, Derbyshire., fur Thomas Bateman, of Middleton and
John Aisop, of Lea, E.qrs. to be applied to the purpose of raising
'water by the power of a continuous descending column of that element,
lat their mine, near Alport, Derbyshire. This original and powerful
machine is estimated at upwards of one hundred and thirty horses'
power when put down to work, with sixty feet vertical fall of water,
giving rotatory motion to the machinery, with regular impetus and
MK.: from the polar orbit of its capacious globe, continuate with the re-
gular and uniform descent of the propelling column of water.
DUTIES ON COTTON.—The latest project of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, relative to the commutation of the duty hitherto levied on
printed calicoes, for a duty on raw cotton imported, is to lay upon the
latter a duty of five-eights of a penny per lb. The pewits interested
in the weaving trade were induced to make representations to the Go-
vernment, with the view of inducing them to exchance their project for
one laying a slight ad ro/oecnt duty
.on exported yarns. Such a duty
they contended might be so laid, as not to exceed the average charge
laid on yarns by the proposed duty of five eighths of a penny per lb. on
raw crown ; and would therefore have no effect beyond that duty in re-
striating that trade, while it would act at home with all the effect of a
bounty in favout of the weaver.
Asuwow.—The principal part of the influential leaders of the
Southeotonians are shaved, and have made their appearance at the pa-
rish church, in new dresses. A few still continue to express their be.
lief that a true prophet is still in reserve, " else why" they ask, " are
false prophets mentioned in Scripture, if a true one be not desired to
make his appearance ?"
A turnout exists at present among the colliers employed by William
Hulton, Esq. The difference is the union; Mr. Hulton being deter-
mined to employ no one who is in the union, and the men being deter.
mined not to leave the union.

On Saturday lut, an inquest wu held before AIL Milne, in Salford

on the body of Peter Bosley who had died from starvation ! Itappears
that a few months ago the Bale,
who was a weaver, came here from
London, with his wife and a boy about fifteen years of? age, to seek for
work. Latterly he bad had nothing to do, and on Friday be sunk under
complete exhaustion.
On Saturday night last, the Invincible coach met with an amident
near the Gravel-hole publiahouse. The wheel came off, and a clergy-
man named Barker had his leg broken. Several other passengers also
sustained injury.
A public meeting of the inhabitants of Great and Little Bolton, con-
venal by the public authorities, was helti. in the Theatre on Wednes-
day last, for the purpose of supporting ministers in their measure of
parliamentary reform. The building was quite full, about fifteen bun.
dyed persons being present.
BOLTON MAIIKET. Masai 17.—Fine flour, 2801 b, 671 to bfts ;
;
ditto, 2401 b, 47s to 49i 6d seconds, do, 42s to a ; Oatmeal, 2401 b,
38:, to 40s potatoes, perlad,Bs; new butter, Is 9d per lb : cheese,
per cwt. 50s to 50.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARICET.The sales of the week are fifteen
thousand bags. In prices there is no alteration. The arrivals are
twelve vessels from the United States, four from Brasil, one from
Egypt, and one from Bombay.
MARRIED.—At Wakefield, the Rev. Thomas Johnston, Minister
the Unitarian Chapel, to Miss Lnitib.—At Dewsbury, r. Joseph
Brearey, woollen-manufactorer, of Southill, to Mary, widow of the late
Mr. Francis Allatt.—Mr. Nicholas Treweek, merchant, of Caernarvon,
to Miss Mary Anne, daughter of the late Mr. Richard Charies.—At
the Friends Mectinilicuse, Motley, Joseph Chrimes, to Sarah Wright.
—Joseph Nanfaa, .of 11,,Inie, to Miss Hazlehurst, of Grimeditch
Hall.—Mr. William gerton, to Miss Ann Warren, of Aliddiewidt.
VIED.-68, The Rev. Robert Ellerby, of Thornhill. near Wake-
field, Curate for 44 years,—Mr. Wm. Kers, attorney, of Cheadle, Staf-
fordshire.--52, Mr. Thomas Turner, of Austerlands, in Saddleworth.-
1 In Park Row, Leeds, lknjamin flint, M.D. 20 years Physician to the
Leeds Infirmary.—At Emley, 08, Mr. Rowland Hodgson, sor of the
late Rev. Roger Hodgson.—Aothony Hitching, Bog. of Craco, near
Skipton.--81, Mrs. Gibson, relict of the late Mr. S. Gibson, iron.
founder, York.
- -

BIRMINGHAM JOURNAL, MARCH 19.
At an adjourned Meeting of the larwickshire Agricultural Society,
holden in the Brand Jury lioom,Warwick, the Earl of Warwick, K.T.
in the Chair, the Committee appointed to lay before the meeting
4- such rules and regulations, and such lists of premiums, as will
be molt likely to carry into effect the objects of this society,"
having matte weir report the following recommendations were
adopttd :—That as it is a principal object of this society to en.
coura.ge the agricultural labourers of the county of Warwick in,
habits of indit,ry, and to assist them in their honest endeavours to im.
prove their coalition, it is most earnestly recommended to all who have
the means of doing so, to let garden ground of good quality. That the
Socie.y Shall offer premiums to certain labourers, and servants in hus-
bandry, to shepherds in Warwickshire, and to the agriculturists of the
county. Ti,at with a view to render thesociety as beneficial as possible,
and, with the hope of exciting a general interest in its proceedings,
amongst the cultivators of land and inceders of stock, within the county
of IVarwiek, premiums be offered, for the encouragement of those im-
portant objects.
An adjourned meeting of the inhabitants of Birmingham. was held,
in St. Martin's Church, on Wednesday morning, to take into consider-
ado!) the intended New Guardian Act, and to receive the report of the
committee appointed, on the purr of the inhabitants and rateepayers at
the last meeting, to examine into the said Bill ; the Rev. S. F. Morgan
in the Chair. The alterations which the committee, in their rc.
port. deemed necessary to he made in those clauses they though,
obj.etionahle, did nut include any of a very important nature.—
Titcy thought the intended appointment of a Chaplain to be su-
perfluous, and conceived that the services necessary to he per.
fomitil by such persons, would be rendered by any Clergyman
gratuitously, if requesittl to perform them by the Guardians. The
considered that the rebuilding of the Workhouse, and the adoption ef
r plans connected with the es,ahlishment. should be agreed upon at
a meeting of the rate-pat ers entire. eel for the purpose, end not be etsted
solely in tb: hands of clie Guardians; and that the intended Warden, in
%Avis- of »is authority, should have power to call and preside at
meetings of ahc inhabitants, as well as of rate-payers.
Upon the 'twain b.ing put, that the report of the committee be re-
ceived and adopted, Mr. Russell eniered into a long train of argument
in opposition. He desigoated the Bill as one of " pains and p-naltie‘,"
and as containing !ins bolo of commission and omission. lit conclusion.
he purposed. as an amentlinent, that, as it was incapetlient to proceed
wit» the bill, an adjournment of the meeting should take place. ill r.
Russell's motion wes, however, opposed; and, after an imioneted dis.
eussion, mingled with much personal recrimination, on the ~merits anti
demerits of the hill, the rr port a the committee, and the objects of the
guardians, it ass thrown out, and the original motion passed. A reso-
lution was also agieed to and adopted, that a clause be inserted in tine
hill, to authorise and empower the inhabitants of Birmingham, to elect
annually a warden, who should preside at all public meetings of the
rate-payers and inli..biuutts of the town.
In proportion us the probaltilities of Birmingham returning members
to path: mem increase, roe public mind is anxiously directed to gentle.
men most fined to execute the duties of their representatives. As fat
as our observation will allow us to form a judgment, Mr. T. Attwood
and Mr. Tennyson, the present Secretary to the Board of Ordnauce,
may agilely valeulaue upon being returned. It is also understood that
Sir E. E. Wilmott, Mr. Knight, of Barrels, and Mr. Scholefield. of
this town, will start as candidates for the representation of the county.
Mr. A. Gregory is spoken of for Coventry, and Mr. J. Pearson for
Wolverhampton. The iron-maters expect to secure the return of Mr.
O. Biahton for the district of Billiton. Mr. T. Hawke*, it is expected,
will have no opposition for Dudley,
- - - - - -

- -
THE FREE SCHOOL BILL.—Tbe bill introduced by the governors,
without any public notice, or any communication with the inhabitants,
notwithstanding the lesson they received last year, has again appeared
in the House of Lords, and passed unopposed. The gentlemen associuted
in the former oppoi.i tion committee, three weeks since, made .4 written
offer to the governors to refer the existing points of difference to Lord
Brougham. This mediation was refused, notwithstanding the governors
hau privately circulated a report that the bill had received the sanction
of the Lord Chancellor. . • . _ . .

.....
On Wednesday bet, a highly respectable meeting of the ironmasters
in the adjoining district; tools plan at the Royal Hotel, Dudley, for the
purpose of addressing his Majesty and petitioning Parliameue in favour
of the Ministerial measures of Reform. H. Orasebrook, fel. chair-
man of the iron trade, presided upon the occasion.
Proposed by Mr. T. B. Price, seconded by Mr. Thotncycroft,
That this j meeting considers that the deep and overwhelming
difficulties with which the productive interests of this country have
so long been borne down and oppressed, are mainly attributable to
the want of that legitimate and intimate union which ought ever to
exist between the people and their Legislators ; and it is of opinion that
tine measure of morn), now under the consideration of the House of
Commons, is emit.endy :clamed to effect aim object.
We Kin the earliest opportunity of addressing our fellow-townsmen
on a most important subject connected with:Birmingham, "in the bill to
ametu the representation of the people in Englano and Wales." The
town of Birristr.gham, in two public meetings, unparalleled for their
numbers, intelligence. and union of parties, has ratified the national
consent, so I onourably given to the ministerial measures. But to the
mode of election for Birmingham, as locally provided by I he Reform
Bill, we may object ; and we feel confident that the attention of the
public and tire government has only to be directed to our objections, and
an alteration will be made.
in the Schedule C. of the Reform Bill the Returning Officer of
Birmingham, is entered as " The Two Bailiffs of the Town of Bir-
mingham."
We will now inquire what are the duties of' a Returning Officer, and
what tile competency of " the two Bailiffs of Birmingham," to assume
and discharge his important trusts.
What is the Coen Lac of Birmingham ? An old and antiquated
Manorial histitetites. A close body without responsibility or any purl-
fying principle; a pewit Corporation for the mere local purpose of re-
gulating the marl.ete, suppressing alleys; terrifying strumpets and
night silken.; locking up common tipplers turd gamesters; turd pre.
nerving the user rind ate free from Jurtiac and Coculus. But we will
tar; misremesent this august and stagnant body.
Such is the sum and substance of the " Low Bailiff" and the "High'
Bailiff:" mac Low Bailiff is really high, and the High Bailiff is low!
We will now enquire how the thing " works." The Lord of the
Manor, a non-resident and utter stranger to the town, has long since
ceased to exercise or possess his ancient manorial rights ; and all his
sources of poser and revenue (except a certain portion of the pa-
tronage of the Court of Requests) have been long since sold to the
highest bidder f The relics of his deputed authority, however, have
been retained ; the satellites have not followed the exit of the planet,
and his Steward annually holds a Leet Court for the choice of the
officers above enumerated. These remarks are extracted from us in no
bad spirit, by the universal exclamation we hear against the investment
of the urt Leet with the important and responsible powers of our re-
turning officers; and we are :glad to hear that proper representations
are about to be made of this local defect in the Reform Bill. All par.
ties unite in the opinion of the immediate duty of terminating this old
family instrument, or at least of rescuing the town from the close and
irresponsible appointment of *itch officers as the " Hum AND Low
Ituurre." We bupe we shall not be misinterpreted as disrespectful.

BIRMINGHAM, CORN MARKIIT, MAUCH 17.—We had a moderato
supply, the trade dull for wheat, not lower ; good demand for fresh
malting barley ; and beans a little dearer ; other articles in the trade
without alteration. Wheat, per 621 b, old and new, 8a 6d to 10s 4d a
barley, pa imperial quarter, for Plaiting, 42, to 48a; per 491 b, Jai 9d to
4s ; malt, old and new, 54s to 68s ; oats,per 331bs, old, 4s to 4s 3,1
new, 3s 6d toss 91; beans, per bag, ten score gross, old, 21s to 22r
6d ; new, 16s 6d to 184; dour, per seek of 2801bs. net. fine, 594 6d to
Ills; seconds, fibs to 575.
MeIHRIED.—At btafford, Mr. J. Storin Waddell, to Elisabeth,
daughter of the late R. Brown, Gent. of Stafford.—Mr. W. Smith, of
Dudley, to Ann, daughter of the late Mr. J. GUI, of Upper Arley.—
Mr. T. Pettipher, of Worcester, to Ann, daughter of Mr. T. E. Prat-
tenton, of Bewdley..—At Morville, Salop, J. Baker, Esq. only son of

J. Baker, of the Down, Salop, to Sarah Eliza, only daughter of J. Dytr,
of !Norville, Raq.
DIED.—At Standard End House, King's Norton, Mary, rello
the late T. Gem, EN,
LEEDS PATIIIOT, MARCH 19.

Your.—On Thursday a meeting of the citizens of York, contentd
by the Right Hon. Lord Hondas, Lord Mayor, in compliance with u
requisition signed by sixty-four gentlemen, was held in the Guildhall. in
that city, " for the purpose of taking into consideration tile proprior
of expressing their approbation of die plan of Reform proposed to the
House of Commons, and their determination to support his Majesty
Ministers in their present liberal and constitutional course." An ad-
dress to his Majesty was agreed to expressive of the itatisfacti.o, of the
meeting with the conduct of Ministers, and petitions to both Houses
of Parliament were adopted praying that die blil may pass into a law.
General meetings to the same effect have been held at Sadellaworth,
James Ices, Esq. in the Chair; at Barnsley, Otticy, Knanshersuga,
Halifax, lakelseld, Holinfirth, Hcighly and Dewsbury. In short
everywhere.
If the votes of 'the smaller tradesmen were protected by the Bags.
they then thirst vote according to their consciences, were they honestly
disposed to do so; but without the Ballot, the 101. householders.
whilst they are few in number, will in small towns no more dare to vote
contrary to the will of the aristocracy of the place, than the man
fanners dare vote at county elections contrary to the wishes of their
landlords,

A gentleman of the greatest intelligence, from the country, attended
she Leeds meeting on Thursday week, and in a letter to a friend he ex.
pressed hie " perfect surprise at the cheering of the people in support of
the proposed bill, which would prevent, at she least, 19 out of every 20
of them from having a vote." We have been told, that at a certain
meeting of about 250 workmen in Leeds, which was held a few days
ago, the question was propounded—how many in that assembly would
have a vose for Leeds ? when, on a scrutiny taking place, only three
were found to rent houses of 101. per year.
" SWING" IN Yoaxsurax.— On Wednesday morning last, about
two o'clock, a large barn, containing a quantity of corn, &c. and a
thutishing machine adjoining, belonging to Mr. William Swale:, of
Rcedfarlington, in the township of Plum/mon, near Knaresbro', was
discovered to be on lire, and was entirely consumed. There can be no
doubt btu it was the act of some malicious incendiary. The damage is
estimated at from 4001. to 5001; anti only 1001. on that part of the pro.
hperty is insured. The Earl of ilarewood and W. L. F. Scott, Esq.
ave been busily engaged at the place, and every exertion is making to
discover die perpetrator of this dreadful affair. On Friday last, some
villains set lire to a shed or outbuilding, belonging to Mr. Stables of
Kis khy-Overblow, near Knaresbro%
THE BALLOT.—We regret not being able to give the speeches at the
Wakefield meeting. Captain Wood did his duty manfully, and as
became a consistent reformer, and moved an amendment, praying for
die ballot, which was carried in the proportion of six to one. He was
ably supported by J. Rgremont and C. Waterton, Rags. A letter was
also read from Major-General Johnstone, late high sheriff for Lincoln.
shire, who expressed his regret at the ontissio3 of the ballot in the pro.
poised reform bill. in very strong terms.
Sweixe AT Ifewsnunv.—The blanket weavers of Messrs. Hague,
Cake. and %Formula, of Dewsbury, struck yesterday, in consequence
of that firm refusing to grant the advance agreed upon at a meeting of
ti.e marvels the day before. In the course, however, of a short time.
.11e.sn. Hague mid Co. acceded to the request of their weavers, and the
alvance will now be given by all the masters in the neighbourhood.
it case's. GOTT'S WEATERS.—The rum-out of Messrs. Govt's
neavers still continues, and although neatly the whole of she men have
finished their work, and left the place, we believe no advances bare yet
been made by either party towanls coming to an ansuigement.
The FACTORY STATEN.—In the liferearry of Saturday last, the
opinions of "practical men" are dished up in opposition to that hu.
mane and disinterested act of legislation, Mr. Hobbouse's Bill, restrict-
ing the hours of labour in cotton, wonted, woollen, &c. manufactories.
We expect the opposition of the great monopolists to the measure, and
while they have been on the alert at Halifax, and in different parts of
the manufacturing district, those whose interests it is in an especial
manner calculated to advance, the workmen and the small menu.
facturers, should not be idle. The confinement of children at a tender
age, in the atmosphere of a factory for so long a time, without any re.
gaud to the capability of their tender frames, is to our minds a species
of slavery little if aught inferior in point of degradation to the painted
horrors of the West Indies. We should be glad to see a public meet.
ing of the inhabitants of Leeds on this subject, at all events a petition
ought to be set on foot in favour of the Bill without delay.
Aged 40, Mr. Samuel Sykes, of Green-house, near Huddersfield,
cloth manufacturer.

Yesterday was market-day, in Colchester, and the market
was very dull in the beginning, though somewhat improving
towards the close. There was a scarcity of money.
The wheat comes up tolerably well iu the lighter soils of
Essex ; but there is a great deal, much damaged, in tie low
grounds.
About Halstead the garden poppy has been grown to a great
extent, and opium of very good quality made from it : this
plant makes better opium than the common white officinal
poppy, grown in Battersea-fields.

BIRTH.

Wednesday last, in:Welbeck.strect, Caumlish.square, the Lady of
E. W. Mead Waldo, RPii. of a ism.

MARRIED.
This morning. at St. George's, Hanover.square, J Cuninghame,
Esq. of Herm], in the county of Dumfries, N.B. to Eliza Mary Upton,
daughter of the late Captain Clottworthy Upton, R.N. His Majesty's
late Commtuioner a. Ceylon.
The 24th inst. at St. Andrew's, Holborn. H. Vicars, of Lincoln's-
inn, Esq. to Elisabeth, daughter of the late R.Vicars, Esq. of Levalley,
Queen's County.

Lull.

The 24th inst. in Berkeley-square, the Hon. Mrs. Caulfeild—The
23t11 inSt. Maria, wife of Mr. T. Martin, jun. of Ginsburgll-street, Re-
gent'a.park.—The 24th inst. after a few days' illness, at the house of
his son. I, Crescent, Jewin-street, Mr.::. Hulse, sen. formed, of Ear.
ter, aged 80.--The 23d inst. G. IL %Williams, Esq. of Camberwell, aged
:s3, of decline, only son of the late Lincoln's.inn.
NEWGATE ANL) LitAIIk;hHALL—THIS
By the Cercase.—Per stone of Ras.
Beef 3s Od Ss 6d 31 104 I Murton :Ss 84 4s 4d 4s 6d
Veal Ss ild 5s Od 51 4411 Pork 7. s 104 Ss 4d Ss 64
Lamb.... 6s 8d ... 71 4d . .Ts Bd.

FARRINGDON MARKET—TiIIs DAV.
Beer—Finest Roasting, 8d per lb. Boiling, Sid to 6d. MOT.
Ton—Leg, Bd. Shoulder, 7d. VIAL—Leg, 80. Fillet, 10d.
Pone, 7d to 9d.

SMITHPIRLD—THIS DAY.
CATTLII AT HAPIMT
Beasts, 472—Sheep. :I,s,so—Pigs, 120—Calve% 120.
Beef ....... 4s 011 to 4s 6.1 Pork
Mutton .... 4i 81 Si 2.1 Lamb Os 01 Os Od
Veal.. Ss Od 6s Od
Ha) (per had), £2 151. to £4 Os. Clover, £3 10s. to £5 Os.—
Straw, £1 16% to X 2 Os.
