be said, that the Government bat no knoelete aof
Mdse proceeding' 4:IE die 13”soiees a mid k Wit SI
be wigged for itsikatini diet they might Witillo
temealied.

FRANKFORT. •801. T

Sir Sidney Smith, President of the Society of.
Knights for the liberation of the white Slaves in
Africa, made on the. 22d ofJune a general Report.
—ln this Report, be sass, speaking of the Italian
prisoners of the Statcs' which have neither marina nor

Consuls, N they ask in their psisoas, find under the
yi.ke of their torments, whether link ma slavery

does not excite the interest of the Utopian Powers,
in the same degree as the lifeless and inentsible
images which have been restated with ••• snub seal
to their original coentry I whether their count:yawn
are not as desirous of wing up the vacancies
the fishers' bate, nth* &Uinta@ in the Galleries of
Florence aed Rome, which .1111T4 so offensive to the
peoples' ea, and 10 their self low.
$4 May the friends of these objects ask their

sciences whether they would not contsosplata ithe
lying and re.sinimated features of the captives,
latched from slavery, tenon, shams, and *lithe
and restored to their families, with far snow emotion
than even those wooden of Art, in marble and brass,
and whether this moral enjoyment is not calculated
tuounterbalanee, in a worthy and honourable man.
no, the love of An, which they gratify at the ea•
pmse of so much pc.l4

:.

" Ludy. {et politicians who found nationstptide
is ninth offended by the orisons of statues and paint•

jugs y 111414441 %unnamed as trophies,* tricteevem.,
• Skit that weir, loaded with chains; linking ender the
burden of the shut ,cruel labours, is Afriely, are deity
expose.l to the derision of the Barbarians; and that
being continually resent tsthe tight of a rebellions
and rn anus siltliery,they are as the living trophies of
their violence, their rapine, their- robberies—let them-

member that those who possess and regard these
. *retches as :heir property, have need of a great mo-
rAl lesson; they may be at length convinced that
they are not sn-rzlger thin indignant Europe, and
that the dAy pf Tel? ibution must come.
" W. 8. Soniss, President."
N Journal de Vrankfort, July 23."

A Flanders Mail art ;vetl at a late boor last night.
fom which we have given some extras% ft will be
seen that the Brabsiteis boast of %hell " Reassess'
resolution" to wear 110 twit artic i
by their protectors and delirrets. dal I
this surprising ? Who but fools ever
thing like gratitude from any one el ail the States on'
altich we lavished our blood and treasuiet But to us
it does appear surprising that with such plsin demon.
strations before us of the intention of all the Powers
of Europe to ruin our commerce, there should re-
main any hesitation about accepting the benefit pro.
fered to us by the inhabitants of South America.
The United States, and, if report speaks tette,
Russia also Means to pursue a * different policy.
Did not Spain join the. Alliance to liberate- our
North • American Colonies; Did she not woad
in ho• objeCt Did not. the AmeriCan Rev6lation
produce the French—and the French the present
South American struggle? Why then should, we
hesitate about the policy of emancipating South Anse.
Tic-1 ? Is not this what is brought about by the Re.
volu:ion of the wheetof events ? Should we attempt
to stop it ? We might as well try to prevent the Sun
.from rising and setting. But though sour foolish ef:
forts will not prevent the Sun from shiniag upon us,
k ;sin our power, by indifference, by imbecility and
ray, to put away from pu: w Ives au extensive market
fk;r the pr,ldnets.of our industry—to pleasethatired
Ferdinga, to gratify those ingrates who every
where, throughout their dominions, seek to ruin out
commerce.

Pe**.
ged Os,

It will be seen also by the extracts front the Flanl
-
ders Mail, that the Pore.. blasphemously called “ his
lioutsEss," is tiling to wriggle himself into come-
(pence in the Netherlands. We sincerely hope that
the Government will never shew itself so weak es to
listen for a moment to any proposition which would
compromise its owls dignity, or transfer any of its
Pawer to ?riests. Every Governmont .owes. equal
and impartial protection to all its subjects. whatever,

. •
to Le their ritlfaos4icsaiii Ntetifit. skv
•;•Ltr privileges of sty kiwi cad am: be coofened
'bintzet the expense of the rest of the eeesnitteity sae
it. seilfr oyer be *ail) that, is prtiottion as they eon-
any(*perseieiak by,Rnottipg thee islicolio-
eilideget, they Alismats-tho affections of (Very other.

o. •

• . .
Admiral Sr.iGamine. COCRAUIN attired at the
'Aileairalty• this 'forenoon, from St. Helena. Sir
.Gaonoa irrived at Portsmouth yesterday in the Hon-
TINTNIIMILASO• his Bag ship, which left St. Helve
OR the 19th June. His Majesty's ship DucelistarAts
has also arrived at Portsmouth froth the same deed-
nation : tbs. is our Correspondent's litter
on the subject
ronsmovni, Audurr 1.

0 Last night arrived the Bueartta itna and this diy.
ii mon, the 4OItTIIII6I3IIICLAND. bearing the Reg of
Reat,Admiral Sir Gaonoa Coco:nutty, from Saint
Helena. Sir•Gronot landed from her at four o'clock
this afternoon. and proceeded to London insmediately.
Admiral Sir Pus tares biaLcoue Amsted at St. He.
kaa in the NiWCASTLE two days previous, to relieve
Ma : all was quiet, and General BONAPAWIII was in
good health. Sir Omani Cocaauax is the bearer of
Ahipatches to tha is'irst Lord of the Admiralty and
aS-Li•rd Barnum." . ' •
• , —7! - `'L%- ii-e..;ftia•

.

We are happy to State, that by intelligence re.
ctived this morning at the lodia.House, brought by
Rear. Admiral Sir G. Cocasour, from St. Helena,
it appears,. that ; final Ratification of st Treaty of
a Puce with the Napaulese, toot• place on the 4th of
March list.

The following extract of a letter, under the date
of the 4th of March, from a most respectable Officer
on the Staff of the Mauritius, will put our Readers
in possession of the melancholy result of a recent Set-
dement, established at the end of the last year, by
ordets of Governor FARQVHAR, in the North-west
part of the island of Madagascar :
« The pilot-boat returned from Madagascar last
night with the melancholy news of our establishment
at the new settlement on that Island having been
murdered by the natives, and poor old Buneu is
amongst the sufferers.—What I have learnt of the
patticulars are as follows':
alt seems one of Chiefs was displeased at not
laving a present made him, and demanded a piece
of blue cloth, which Mr. B. refused him ; the cons,-
quince was words ensued, and Mr. B. struck the
Chief, upon which a Mr. BUTLER, one of the Euro-
peans, was shot upon the spot ; however, it was set.
tied for that night by some of the other Chiefs inter-
fering, and the next :nothing -the English were Kit
for to auend a Committee of Chiefs, that the busi.
/Ohs

Wet- be antic l f eettlid e irtifliOtatiVrtiOnsrl
their entering the place is which they ere: assemSled,
unarmed, they shot Mr, BI.KNMAN. The others of
'course ran for it; however, 'they all fell, excepting
the gardener, who escaped into the witer, ant the'
boat picked him up, but the paor fellow died four
dis before the arrival of 'the vessel here. Thus end;
Mr. FARQUHAR'S Madagascar espelition. How it
could ever be entertained; I .can form no opinion,
patticularly when Y recollect; that is the instructions
'to Cololltl !CARTING, Lieutenant Governor of B lur.
bon, Under (Lai the 2J Jinuary, 1814, he .5475, 4 t
am restrained also by the Orders of his tstekwy from
oinerfering in Madagaicat with the Native Powers,
sit as to give any cause of apprehension, jealousy, or
dissatisfaciion.' Certainly the forming of 'a new
Colonial settlement in a remote part of the Island was
not the most Wady means of avoiding to create jea•
beg sad alarm."

Yesterday at two o'clock the Duke and Duchess of '
GrAntisisa arrived from their seat at Bagshot at
Windsor Castle. to pay their first visit to the QUEEN
and l'uncassis since their marriage. They are. ex-
petted 16 remain a fier or two with the QUEEN.
Yesterday the Per Nor REGENT rode to Chiswick,
visited Lady MACAlitii&V, and diced with her Lady.

ship. •
The Duke of YORK left town to-day for Brighton. ,
where his Royal Highness is expected to reside for
some weeielsobtst will be occasionally in London upon
business.
This day, the Earl and Countess of CARRNARVON
elkd family lettermen far the Continent. • .1
This day, Count, kiLlll3 de POLIGNAC and the
Countess de Pot.fujac left town for Paris.
The Earl and .istriess of COWPRR intend leaving
Town in s• few days. for the Continent.
Yesterday Sir TI10)1116 and. Lady LIDDELL, end
five of their.children, with a retinue of servants, left
their house in Portland-plate, in two elegant 154rlins,
for the Centinent, whelk they intend to reside for two
Years.
Yesterday, Lord Viscount ALTHORPR and family
left his house in Pall Mall, on a four months tour to
the Continent. His Lordship has not discharged a
single servant, and has allowed them all board wages.
He has sent them to his estates in Yorkshire and
Northamptsinshire.. The stabk-boys, &c. who can-
not write or read, are also to be sent to school, •to
learn, at his Lordship's expense, during 'his absence
from England. -
The Marquis and Marchioness of ANOLIISIA intend
leaving town in a few days for Southampton and the
Isle of Wight.• They will proceed from the river
TOROK% cossting.in • their own yacht.
The Marquis of Axes.isirot has now a sopplemen•
tory leg. end is able to mount his horse with a little
assisionelp, "thigh is not at all uneotafuetable to his.
Aa 'Mariana& to Gretna Oteeetheph place la the
vicinity of Whitoballi a APT'dflyi "oft betwees•ai
Lady of the liptiforteuibaity, smilm Oliosgs** of
the 46th Regiment. •

e' AMA

:

• -
Ibis
. .
Thio day the &landfill -large secelev which was
iaken at the seigeof Cadiz, was Wealth% inio St.
Jansees.Park at thq rear of the Horse Guards, and
placed on Use bed of bronze, which was previously
PPIPIIVed (or it, amid a large Concourse of spectators.
It *as costlier& on it car drawn by eight artilkrt
hones.
The swim* of the 9d division of the itritiZle Army,
coesisting of nine Regiments and Battalicais, are pow
decamped at a short distance from Sr.. Omer. Suit
of the other divisions rts are not already gone into
Clomp, is also to take the field in cantonments, near
to their present quartets. A prtioo of the artillery,
now serving in Frnnea, are expected will be en-
camped with the 2d division of. the British army,
Vicar St. Omer. .
,The Sd Dragoon Guards hate arrived at Dublin,
nod marched to Ballinrobe, county of Mayo.
• A"non.comtisitsioned officer and six men, belonging
to the lath Regiment of Light Dragoons, have ar-
rived in town from the head-quarters of thtt Regiment
in France, for the purpose of being taught the va-
rious evolutions of the lance, now intrbdociog into,
oar service.
The 20th Light Dragoons left Hounslow on Mon-1
dal last, oh their route for Bristol, where they will
embark I(,r Waterford. -
• Th.., Si battalion 'of Grenadier Guards. the 7th
Rayal Fuzileers, and lit battalion of the 27th Fouti
colts* a paart of thelienßcaniiperait.s..inilar Catrobrmaar.. . i
intended to to be reduced, u soon ay circumstances
will admit. ..-

A company of Royal Sappers and Miners, under
Major Gower and Captain limo, is embarked on
board the QUEEN CHARLOTTE and Minoan.
It is said that in addition to the italuetioa in the
number of troops in each regiment of cavalry and of
companies in each-regiment of foot, it is intended to
abnish the barrack establishment. •
--.......
• The Duke of WaLlallorrne -returns to France on
`Tuesday next. This informatien he gave to a depu-
' cation from the Corporation ot With, who waited on
him on Tueiday at Cheltenham, with an invitation
to honour the city with his company to dinners 'l'-x
Duke regretted his inahility to accept. it on account
of his leaving Clieltenham immediately, and Eng-
land on the 6th instant. His Grace was among the
throng of horsemen yesterday afternoon in Hydu Park,
and was in the evening at the Opera. His Grace ap•
pears much recovered from his late indispmition ..--hi,
sallow locks have left him, and his general health h
mach improved -
There was a vague report in town yesterday-from
St. Petershurgh, that the Emperor ALEXAtineat be-
inn dissatisfied with the proceedings in France, was
about to :Teal his troops. , .
A eoachmastrr of the name of DIETRICH died
lately at Vienna,leaving a fortune of lour millions ot
A mins. He had gained this prodigious sum by tor 7
lashing carriages for the Army. -
Letters from Madrid bi'lst July state, that King
fittMeAND VII• bid wine to drink the mineral
Waters re Sacedon, near Coeica. It is reported that
his Majesty contracted some disorder whilst at Va- '
Linty. which it is expectedetheezitters will remove.
;find thee this was Thnlight previous to the'
inivel of 'his spouse.
It would appear from the &weigh papers, that the
'new plan of an Austrian royal bank has had little
atilett in teltvv.ng the finances or impmving the ex-
changes of that country. About the middle of Jul:,
the course of exch-tnge of the Austrian paper money
MI so low as 420, tlvid2,h it rose again to 398
Fourteen traders, principally Jews, were about the
same tine taken into custody by the police for stock-
jobbing practices, and their books seized : but it was
found that the law could not lay 'said of them.
13y a letter from Mtrarraichi of the 15th June it
appears, the 'Fidelity, of North Shield% Captain
Jt•iix Gariale, arrived there on the sth, after cutting
frott an anchor and cable off St. Peter's island,
having brought up close to it in thick weather. Fir
timber was from 295. to 395. per ton, and some of
the countrymen aske.l 92a. 6J. sterling. Captain
Ginsas says, many of the first ships trom Liverpool
.were• 28 days among the ice. . Most of the crews
-desert immediately on their arrival there I
A rumour 'lnched torn yesterday from Amides,
that an Ambassador had been seat to Spain to de-
mand the cession to America of the %Vest Flnridas,
inlieu of certain claims which America had upon
Spain. The Americans arriving in this country say,
that a war with Spain is much desired, and one with
*England would not be avoided.
• Nearly 9;000 ships passed the Sound in the months
of April, May, end June.
. The ease of WAlttlttat.o, a minor, who ran away
with Miss Parrut. a ward in' Chancery, whom he
has since married, canoe on ;yesterday before the"
Loan CHANCELLOR is his private r4o0). His Lord-
ship, we understand, on this occasion thought pro-.
' to make a lenient use of the 'formidable powers'
1s 41fhich he Is invested *Oast-this lipecies of Of-
- fend" and merely gave noOrder that the matter
'should be referred to the Master to :stake the proper
settlement. The youpg couple, we hear, were not
required even td attend; but remained all the while:
in their carriage at the door.
Mr: James Coomb, a bankrupt, lately a banker in
Windsor. in partnership with Mr. Brown; who had
been committed to Newgate by a warrant of the Com:
missioners of Bankenptcy, dated Kidd of July. for not
'answering to their.aatisteetion the interrogatories pOt
to him on bis examination, was bretight into Court
by a writ Of Habeas Corpus. - Afterthe return of the
writ was read, embodying the warrant of the Cons.
enission:rs which contained -the irrterrogatoaies and
',the answers to then), which wen declared by them
unsatisfactory,
Sir S. ROwILLT, the Bankrupt's counsel... Moved
that he br discharged. nn the ground that his answers
erere neither improbable nor evasive, and what was not
&ought satistactoty by the Commissioning sbnoldbe.
declared m by the cow. The bankrupt itad de.
skied ea 'bb mansimitina, dim oa.the two days prior
ea bis bonkrojsery, and on one aim it, be bad boot
'sly of park netts. and could give no account
of his andel but seek a one as the Ceinmisamers
unsatisfactory.
1!. •Ni CULLIN was. likewise-beard for the bankrupt.
Mrs Maraud Mr. hianTs.aue were hued fey the
assignees; wbep the Court rose. ,

Z. , •

•

LW, iMitttialkel

MAO TI•US DAt.
isit. hoe. Alt. inchNaha . . : I 0 Lisbon . a .i. 0' 0
IV, , . _
,ktsl43•Tti .". 1. &.:::1 (wk. .- - is. 0
yummy/ and JOIST d. • 4 . HamlitirA - .i, 6 t
Mimi : 4 I'4 # 0 Guttenburgh Z- ti 1
INDIA SHIPPTNG.
.. .• •
By the Arrival.of. the BUCIPHALVS and N.:Sarni/Vs
ERR LAND at Portsmblith, ere learn that the Conlpany's
ship COEDSTl7.47..titited
~.froNl:tit: Helena tot China
the 18th /Mr.:. chi tikfetaittleStititati -anti CAW
stupor were evettetl spinßowabout the SOthi
The Lucy Carrcommen,.. dAttllltUDOt, BAltlbl
woRTH, SOIOILRIttOiti,;, ihd Pnollynttsca, outward-
boons!, were •ist- St • Helene the 19th of Ione-
• . -
also, the LoaticAsitettetAost and SIIIIIIVIRNE, tr,.rrlN
. .
ward bound t the Former was to sail for England the
folloating day.
FALWTTH‘ Jtli.t se.
Artived the Q:seesi Elizabeth and Adoo, froth Su
John's, Ni. B. for orders.-Wind *ariable.
PORTSMOUTH, AUGUST I.
Arrived his ?dainty's ship fintilantacacksb, front
St. Helena: sailed the l9th Jorte, in company with
the Lady Castlema;zh..and the.Sherhone and. Astrea
transports, from Gibraltar....-Sailed his Majesty's
ships HYnas. and Pcnsees, for Neerintindrand j 'and
rhe. Regalia ' transport, for the Downs.-the plot
who took• net the Princess Aniclit, BALsaOIT, toi
eivisnir4Hts*.tetttestiods asiS4k- liaising time *sip on
Monday. la.t r.fr 'he Litard, ail well, with. a Rite
wind at N,N.E.-,-.Wind W.
DOVER, AUGUST 1:
~,.
Arrired this morning, the Princess charlotte
packet, Captain HALLANDs, with a mail and passen:
gers from Oveni.- Sailed this Morning the Chichester
packer, Captain iturrag, and the Princess Angusta,
Captain 41. A KE; for Calais, with• passengers., 4rriyed
this afternoon, the. Lord .I)uncaw paiket, Captain
liatsriuron, -Lady jatfie.J.aMes, Captain HAYWARD,
and the Attt, Captain B.vaNyTr, front Calais, with
passengers!' . . . .
. . . atitliicit Atlctist i; - • - .
, ..
Arliirea- tit, Alliance packet, MARsit,, 'vim got:
tenborgh, with mails and posengers: -Wind W.
MEAL; HUMUS I' I.
Caniedown from- the' River, the Amelia, grarra
Ron, for the Clyde I Zephil; . Bmaraa; for Seville;
Earl-Moirar, &Mishit, 'for BAttiinore:. Arrived, and
sailed for the 11.i.ver,•the Charki, d-•--;; front Hotta
dare:-Wind S.W.- - - •
GRAVESENDi AUGUSI' I.
Arrived the PacifiC, Mining, Irani Demerara; Charlotte, Pee
ter,oa, from Holms:adt ; EJmierick. Plitt, tram New Irunsa
wick. Sailed the Speculator, tVis;.aril, far fiamburgh ; Galen;
.Tracey, for Boston; CoMmeree, 1 toteiou. for C.T.hraltar; I .tbertii
Stmt.-far Cink ; • Harpy Returk Morgan, for eittcr• Agenorlai -
Lenett, for ttutwurp; clatter Star. Pain, for Antaerilarn.
ARRIVED..
• • In the Clyde, the I,nitt,Cranford,froht I inlets i and Nancy{
Dana, from Newfoundland. At Bahia,. Warridr, -;.--,_front
uverpooki and Bum Film, -.....r..„ front Lisben• At Havre,
St. Victor, —, from the iimmonait; Governor Csiva, ------;
from Baton; Favoutite, 10.t.:e, from New Orleans; Full,
'now, from Virginia; and -Pope, l.t.!ig. arum Lleirpool. As
•Ilsfalags, Elizabeth, (~'•u .non, ton v...1V't..111111344 and 0•11-
cortlia, Clitenek, front kimilieri% .1: Casa, :.arch, tare 11,
from Liverpool; and Picomac,l3hich, from Virginia. At Napless
Betsey, Shellih:ro from &even ; and l'ii.rico;:iliPherton, fulls
!.o :dun. At Haniburgh. Integrity.; Clifton.; lane, Itte4rai ;
111111eRrA4Itli b irZtk:',4lllt- 4, Allot-EON
Comet. lionJ, from Easton. At Gottenburgh, Gamma, White ;
Woot9hol.4e, Bwith ; and Go forth, Ho4ge, hunt LOntl.m. At
Stettin, Then% Martin ; and Hercules Beater, from Lando a,
At Riga, 'l'llomas, llrandhant, from Landon; aod-Owhilt, Gran
from bt . W.W.I. At Archangel, Wigan, Sousa; from Fatal. .•

The fnllowing is the amount of the British Naafi
force up to this day :—ln commission, 221 ships and
vessels ; ordinary and repairing 'fur service, $7,5;
building, 30. Total, 626. • !:
Sir PENROSE will join Lord Etwohnt with El
many of the ships now .under his command ifilbe
Mediterranean as can be spared' from Slither ietVlCes
they are the Eeptittcras, 36, • Captain Paforrom ;
Ins*, 36, Captain Fortitiesv. TAGUS, 36, Captain Da
DUEDASt ERNE, 21.. Captain R. Spe.S.ol4l IKEDII4
MN, 24, Captain GAMDIER SATau.4l:4l. ,Captaiu
JANUS MURRAY'; anJ %Vase, Captain .Wouttnit;
It is also expected that the Dutch Aquaktron, uAOri
Vice-Admiral CAPELLAN, and a Neapolitan squadron •
will cooperate with our fleet. BA independently of
these aids, the Britieh force will consist of AVersail of
the fide, eight heavy frigates, eight slooph.illtd'lmit
bombs—total 23 sal The ships will all *Mimi!
at Gibraltar. • ' "
Coitu EJCCIIIANGE, Annusr haireltaff teit
•
buyers of wheat at market this morning, curial:l6l4v
the trade was. heavy, but what Sv'as' d,;prised or,,,,,iish-
tained Mondays prices. Bartell. and Uatsfaile Is. pee
Tsai ter lower, hating a good supply of bothlitrise.ae.
Brans being scarce, and in dereastik are I,t.
per quartet dearer. In other aracles there it little ut
..-• •
DO variation.
Tits ESSEX raDESTRIAN.-:—BARNit this *rising

completed his 846th mile in slds' usual 0410- spiri Is*
and thee retired to breakfast. •- • •
CRlCKET—Wednesday attltkefilitiaillittphyed
between Officer" of the Foot Chards. aod the key} al
Horse Guards quartered at Windsor, in the pl.st
fields near E.tiin College.. • The match was well con-
tested; and terminated in layout of tae Royal H. ,t se
GuAtds.'
D(4I2IIT'S C3Af AND B ADOZ. --; Y estetdAy bridg the
Ist of August, the sandal Coat and Bidge, according
to the Will of 11ir. Doccrr, the coin; dean, was rowed
ffe by the six
.following young Waternien just out of
their time, Tic •
'Maas 14nbant. Suereridde, Bitekfriars Bridge.
Thomas Bean, Bankeide.
Thou Virtu'', Bat& Bridge.
Joieph Jew% cpreenhithet
William %weird, Battle 8080. •
Thomas HUl,Surrey-side. Maeldrfars Bridge;
They were all dressed alike, and surfed podsely
at three o'clock from the Swan, neat London-bridges
'he day wait anusts.dly doe, and the rivet- mssle_ a
very pretty shew Irom the slumber of boats I—the
bridges and bank's Were ctowded as goal. trans
took the lead' at starting stud 'kept it until he Came
to the Waterloo Biidge, when Lanham came along-
side of bits, fad a very sharp contest took place.---.
LanhansrOwed 'pest frith off the Beacon; he rhos kept
the lead until they arrived at the gd:11, the Old Swag
at Chelsea; 40 minutes Past three o'clock. 'Laohasse
was aboet three boat's WOW a bead, the fast eI
-in in the Air set down, wises the pates Sie!it
vend. • TO the first bolt the Cant lad Badge, to
second g guineas, aid to the thltd fi piaeas.

1 '

• 141414. -
TIM rIZAIONT 01 701 •COPTIIII Or TUC ems, sg,Atx to
Ilk NATTLZ Or TM ArAtGAIII WlllrTill IN 111105, BUT NIIVLIt
barite /VP LISOKD.

.;.

. •

1101•1•10.•
•
Meiji* deep beneath th* Aiken* wave,
Was pleas% falba Ode , tby tautly fornt;.
Yet abed the mega icy of tbe bea•e '
Survive ea filbery's tablets wens I
Yet gall Lir maw, who braiely fooeht,
And

NaLbut4 died,
On Fames eternal column• wrought,
Be blamed-6' Sawie's Naval ?Pia I"
Well was the ptlant ship, that bore
His strea?aing lag, and faithful tarp,
Nailed from the Wtbrtior—gra of yore,
Whose deck could boast a lb iiish Mars I

In form, lit mien, In dauntless soul,
Not Man—the nobler Chief ezcell'a:
Whose breast with Pity's soh contralti,
Norless, than matchless valour sweil'Ll I

'Tway bi., amid the battle's roar,-
Inflexible, and stern, to weer;
Nor less, the'dreadial conflict o'er,
Its wounds to soothe with play'. tear !

' Tiros the tall oak—that to the skies
High toweling, lifts its stately form,
.The war of elements defies;
' Yet shelters weakness from the storm!

•4, For, the' in forento4 ranks of war
e Hr sought the Hero's dearesi wreath;
tit And 'mid thy thunders—Trafalgar !
Led on, tO ViCtOry• or Death ;
, Not more his fame, than feeling heart,
. • • Their Chief—to natures stern and rough
Saderedl—wbo u W with tears, impart
. The, viruses, and the fall of Derr!
Warbletoo, .144 July, lei&

L. D. L.

. FURTIUM PARTICULARS IF VII SHOCKING Acct.
VINT .4T ST. JAMES'S CHURCH. CLIRKINWILL.—
Stephen Botcher, aged SO, and William Ruby, aged
.ffsymini, ate the names of the two unfortunate mew
who were 'employed by the regular grave digger in
sinking the grave. After the earth fell in upon them,
they were both buried for about halt an hour, when,
after great exertions, the men employed to clear
away the earth discovered the body of Butcher, who
was only h4f way to the bottom, where he was
employed• to receive the earth thrown up by his
partner. After hr was discovered, they cleared away
the -earth from Ins head and shoulders. but his lower.
*part being closely jammed between the wood of the
*sores and broken coffins, it was found impossiblirto
.s cleric him, occasioned by the earth falling in for
upwards of an hour afterwards, in which deplorable
state .be rem.nined in expectation of again being
buried by the earth, which still kept falling in. After
being released,. be was carried into the vestry room,
where he was attended by Mr. Chamberlain, the
surgeon, and was afterwards carried home to his
lodgings, in the house of his more unfortunate com-
panion, William Ruby, at No. 4, Steward-court,
Clerkenwell-green, where be is now out of danger,
but very ill from the bruises he received. The body
of Ruby wits not discovered oath near ten
and was not dug out for half an hour after ; h now'
lies in the yanks under the church, for the inspection
of the Coroner's inquest. Ruby was in very indigent
'circumstances, and has Left a wife in a pregnant state,
and three young children to deplore his loss.
Soonest Daeests.—Wednesday evening. as Mr.
"Brown, a respecisbie jeweller and pendant traktr,
Swing in St.-John's-street, Clerkenwell, was sitting in
his deep at work, he suddenly clapped his hand to
his forehead, saying—" Good God, what ails me,'
and almost immediately expired. The servant was
bultmady dispatched to infirm his daughter, who
lived le Faulkner's-square, and on her return, in her
hurry, she stumbled over a loose stone in the street
sad broke her arm sad dislocated her collar bone.
She Was carried to St. Bartholomew's Hospital.
• • OW Wednesday night, an inquisition was held at
the Crown Tavern, near St. Dunstan's church, Fleet-
' street, before Thomas Shelton, Esq. Coroner for
the City of London, on the body of Mr. T. Kirby.
The deceased was a tradesman, who retired from
business 110 years ago, to live on his fortune in Homo-
slow, and bad come to town far the purpose of re-
*Elting a dividend at the Beak. This he had
received, and was going along Chancery lane, when
be was taken with a fit. and was carried into a
oeighbouring house : and Mr. Colic, surgeon, being
sent for, be opened a vein, and used other means for
his restoration without effect—he-gave no blo:ni ; yet
it appeared that, after OA body had been left; •nd as
it grew cold, the blood flowed so copiopsly at the
arm as to cover the whole floor. Verdict—Died by
she vithosios of God.
Wednesday, an Inquest was held at the Green
Man, Green-street, Grosvenor-square. en the body of
Mr. James Cox.--Jeffrey Woolley, Mill-hill-mews,
said, he went to take a. Valbwith the dectelsed round
restman-square ; when they arrived at the end of
Portman-street, he suddenly dropped down in a
senseless state on the flags ; witness became alarmed
and called a coach, in which he conveyed him to his
house in Green-street; where medical assistance was
soon obtained, but without effect ; be expired soon
afterwards.—Verdict—Died by the visitation of G.J.
Two brothers of the name of Larchent, went out
from Richmond, on Wednesday, with a party to fish.
Near Kingston the boat struck upon a pile and upset,
when these unfortunate young men perished. Three
others saved themselves. The deceased were grocers
in Richmond, and muchrespected. One of them has
left a widow and small family.
• " A fine boy, of the name of Alexander, son of a
.widow, fell from the London whale ship, of Montrose,
shortly after her arrival there, and was drowned.
Wednesday evening last, as Creighton,
Esq. of Champion-hill, Was returning hoe in his
can i
iage, at eleven o'clock, he was met n Cole
tour-lane by two men, in sailors' dresses, one of
whom pointed a -blunderbuss at the coachman, and
ordered him to stop. Instead of obeying his orders,
tae iashid to his 4orses.and notwithstanding be beard
'the threats 6t the Alain, to fire at him. unless be
piffled up, haadatinuid tb push. his horses forward,
--and stictealiffia carryiig his wastes of lola

• :
