THE4fIRSS.

Dnuay:LANR.—A new Tragedy, entitled Rentorre,
professedl, frOm the pen of Mr."CoteruneE, was pro-
duced on Saturday evening at this Theatre. The
• principal characters were thus represented

Court! Valdes, a Spanish Nobleman ..• Mr. Pon.
Antonia." ..... ".. 2 :
h.s Sons •
Atvi,. •

hider, a Moorish Chief. Mr. Dr CAMP.
Inquisitor ' Mr. Powatt..
, Teresa, the Ward of Count .... Mist set re.
• Moresco Lady, Wife of lsidor Mrs. Gt.ovsa.
The following is a sketch of the plot :—The two
sons of Count Yo/des are diametrically opposite in dis-
' position : 4/va, the elder, is a perfect Christian phi-
losopher ; fit:tonic, a complete atheist, who endea-
vours to persuade himself that no action, however
atrocious it might appear to ordinary minds, is, in
reality, cripinal, but has been so designated, by the
weakness or one set of men, and the hypocrisy and
the cunning of another. Imbued with these senti-
ments, he employs Ithlor to assassinate his brother,

. _
that he may obtain the hand of Teresa, who was be-
trothed to 4h'a. The latter, however, dissuades the
assassin from his purpose, and escapes; but the fact
is concealed from Antonio, who, supposing his bro-
ther slain, propagates a report that he has perished at
sea. F,,r six years the secret is concealed ; during
which time he \\ 00S nresa unsuccessfully. At this
period Alva, having escaped from slavery, returns to
• his native land, and with his return the Tragedy
commences. Instead of presenting himself to his fa-
ther, and discovering the hideous villainy of his bro-
ther, as a man influenced by common passions and
common feelings would have done, he seeks an inter-
view with Teresa, in the habit of a Morisco ; and sup-
posing, from some equivocal expressions which she
makes use of, that she is married to his brother, with-
out further inquiry, he determines to fly the country,
and leave Antonio in peaceable possession of his for-
tune and his mistress. Before his departure, however,
he contrives to have a meeting with his brother, who
does not recognize him in his disguise, which had
even concealed him from the knowledge of Teresa.
At this interview, he learns that Teresa is not mar--

Li tied ; and gladly undertakes to act the part of a
wizard; by .the direction of Antonio, who informs him
that he wishes a certain portrait (which had been
taken by the. assassins frrm Alva) to be conveyed, as
if by magic, to Tema—this, he is confident, will con-
iinicether of ifleir's death, which she did not believe,
arid t en no excuse would remain for withholding
her hand. The mock wizard determines to improve
this circumstance to his advantage. He proceeds to
cite castle of Count Valdes—and, after an invocation
to the spirit of Alta, sweetly sung by Mrs. BLAND,
and a chaunt by the choristers of the Theatre, the
•grifig sounds, and a transparency appears, represent-
ing the supposed assassination of Alva. At this cri-
tical moment, when Antonio is sinking with horror,
the myrmidons of the Inquisition enter, and Alva is
hurried to a dungeon. Antonio, convinced that the
supposed conjuror, and his confidant, hiclor, are
leagued ty betray his secret, determines to murder
them both. He allures hidor to a cave, where he
slays him; he then proceeds to the dungeon of Alva,
',whom he endeavours to compel to swallow poison;
but the latter meets him with a lecture of morality,
which he concludes by discovering himself, beseech-
, brother to-retrace his steps, and to become
once more his' friend. Here, however, the wife of
Bider, Whq,,w(th Amazonian courage, has sworn to
exterminate the murderer of her husband, rushes in,
at. the head of a body of Moors, and Antonio, over-
, forn by that Remour, which he had in vain endea-
Toured to suppress, concludes Ms career by commit..

The Story of this play, of which our Readers will i
'be able to form a tolerably correct idea from the
foregoing outline, affords an admirable opportunity
for the display of those powers of natural description
and sentiment, which Mr. COLERIDGE is so weil known
to possess. The author's name stands high for the
reputation of genius, and he has very succesetilly em-
,,,p4sid,that genius in the production of a dramatic
work, which is fraught with beauty and interest.—
In the progress of the fable, the wild and romantic
scenery of Spain, thavanners and superstition of the
age, aredescribed with a grace of poetic fancy, which,
it brings the objects before us by a magic
charm, forwards the developenient of the plot, and
gives a peculiar interest to the characters and senti-
ments of the persons represented. The wild harp of
poetry mingles wiih, and softens the sterner voice of
the tragic muse. In the judicious appropriation, as
weli as is the richness and beauty of his decorations,

p.
we haveiiii ttargr. C
,1 tidtatltgla iiihig
))..e highly succeeded. •
forayersTop much praise cillelat log. des on the
: Mr. EUSINIKI4 Mr. RAP,' Mrs POPE; ldi t,
,SMITH, and Mrs. Gtoilfti did ample justice to theti
.respective- characters. The following Invocatio*
composed by, gBLLY, Was sung l . Mrs. BLAND, 1.1
,the third act, indlighly applauded c--.
Hear, sweet spirit, hear the gpel,
1
Lest a blacker charm compel! i
Bo shall the midnight breezes iwOlit 1
—*Me thi'deep, long, lingering tdill; •
1, And at *Vining, evermore,
r ,Ila a othapd on the shore, -1. 1
Moll the chanters, sad and saintly,
. ' 'Yellow tapers burning faintly,
• Doleful basses chaunt for thee,
liiistray D•mine!
- !Mirki she cadence _dies away t
On the yellow moonlight sea :
The boatmen test their oars, and say,
Afisestre Dmitie 1
Wandering spirit, hear the spell,
Lest a blacker charm compel !
The Epilogue is lively, and makes several happy
allusions at the reigning follies of the day. The
Tragedy was beard from beginning to end with the
most marked attention, and given out for repetition
amid shouts of applause. The House was crowded
in every part at an early hour.

COVENT GARDEN.—Saturday evening a new Co-
medy was produced at this Theatre, under the title
of The Student: of Salamanca. It is from the pen of
Mr. JAMESON, who last season brought forward a
Piece called A Touch at the Times, which was played
only a few nights ; he appears to have been much
more successful in his subsequent effort, which, on
the whole, is a work of no commons stamp ; if it is
not the faultless performano of a finished master, it
is a germ of that nature wfiich promises one day to
shoot forth in all the vigour and luxuriance of ma.
lure excellence. It is not necessary to enter into a
detail of the plot of this piece ; it is founded on one
of those light Spanish stories, which, while they are
calculated to exhibit sprightliness and wit, possesses
enough ofthe romantic, to admit much drama tic bustle
and interesting situation. The Student:, from whom this
piece derives its name, are three : two young men,
very forcibly and naturally drawn, and admirably
personated by Messrs. JONES and ABBOTT ;—and the
third, a superannuated old gentleman, who has en-
tered the university in his dotage, who is exceedingly
unnatural and uninteresting, and for whom even the
abilities of FAIVCETT could do nothing. BLANCHARD
has a part which is a sort of connecting link ill the
chain of character. Of three females, one is very
sprightly, another rather sentimental, and the third,
a waiting woman, partaking of the characters of the
' other two. These, -.vith a couple of cunning valets,
form the Dramatis Persons. The author has contri-
ved to introduce into it a great deal of diverting inci-
dent and interesting situation ; and if the audience
were sometimes not quite clearly in possession of the
story, they were at all times delighted with the vi-
vacity and bustle of the scene. The characters, with
a single exception, are chaste and natural, and admi-
rably contrasted and relieved. The thoughts are, for
the most part, just and appropriate, possessing that
freshness which clearly mark their immediate deriva-
tion from nature, and the language in which they are
conveyed is always elegant, and occasionally highly
poetical. In the scenes between Don Christevatand
Anynta, Mr. JONES and Mrs. H. JCHNSTON, the (IL:- 1
logue is spirited and elegant in the extreme. These
uncommon excellencies, however, render any defects
mote glaring ; we must therefore protest: against
some Jew low and indelicate expressions, which we !
doubt not, will be expunged. Of the performers it I
would be injustice to speak in terms of faint praise.—
Mr. JONES was most admirable in the volatile, but in.
teresting student in the college of Cupid, for his mid. I
night watchings were entirely occasioned by that di.l
vinity. Mr. ABBOTT was a feeling representative of, I
the graver student. It would be difficult, perhaps
to point out a finer piece of acting than MaTTnaivs's
falling asleep upon the stage : his efforts to resist the
approaches of sleep, his drowsy tones, and the wan-
derings of his mind whilst dosing, were inimitable.
---Miss CooKE, and Mrs. H. JOHNSTON were very
successful, as was Mrs. C. KEMBLE. The Prologue
was spoken by Mr. EGERTON, and turned chiefly on
the difficulty of drawing natural character, since
nature was banith• d from modern manners by affec-
tation. The Epilogue, by Mrs. C. KEMBLE, played
on College phrases, and lashed most of the reigning
follies. When the Comedy was given out for a se-
cond representation, the annunciation was received
with raptttrous applause, unalloyed by a single dis-
sentient voice. A beautiful Serenade, composed by
CONDELL, was introduced in the second Act, and rap-
turously encored.

Firths.—A most alarming and destructive fire broke
out on Saturday night about eight o'clock, in the
premises occupied by Mr. Lewis, known as the St.
•James's Coffee-house, Tavern and Hotel, in St. i
James's-street, Piccadilly, which burnt with great ra-
pidity, and threatened destruction to the whole range
of buildings on that side of the street. The flames
communicated to the premises of Messrs. Kohler and
Perceval, musical instrument manufacturers, the cor- •
ner of Cleveland-row, which it soon consumed, togs-
Lher with pan of the valuable stock in trade. The fur-
niture in the adjoining houses was brought out by the
firemen, and placed in the yard of St. James's Palace.
The tire caught the Subscription House belonging to
Mr. Graham, but by the exertions of the firemen
working at twelve engines, the flames were at length
got under by two o'clock yesterday morning.—ln
about an hour afterwards, a fresh conflagration broke
out, which commenced in the roof of another house ;
but by the activity of the firemen, the house was
saved from complete destruction, and the whole was
got out by six o'clock. Several volunteer corps, to-
gether with a detachment of the 7th Light Dragoons,
attended, to protzt the property of the suffering in-
inhabitants. During the time the goods were TS-
moving from one of the houses, a fellow, under pre-
tence of helping the unfortunate inhabitants, was de-
tected carrying off some plate, and secured.
A fire broke out on Friday night, at nine o'clock,
in the seed warehouses of Messrs. Blair and Co. at
Botelph Wharf, Lower Thames-street, but which
WAS fortunately discovered time enough to rave the ,
premise/ from being destroyed.

John

•

Wt. bas . •••
- • • * . I

phis MuntingJortith Siniessisiftaii;•, Alba,
and Wilt= Taylor, for robbing illar•SisEitis hly 'of k
1-quantity of raw silk anal: oitriell!ftathttrt,'whilst she
.lay iu the Riter Thames: Jiyas! 4nnyrytfor
kety,kwere, Pursuant to their
_sentence, etecutedlie.l
!Tore the Debtors'.door, Newt*, In Vilitsetiite of a
vast concourse' of spetmters, at Iltreany .bdur,ll
Sled every street and avenue contiguous rit' the scene:
eieeution. These .four: unfortutlate, rut: were,
Japon the seatold ,at.. a quarter put eight:
;;;eIOFt/attended by the Rev. tkr:-F36, with whomf
they remained a few minutes in prayer, and appeared!
perfectly resigned' to that fate They wete doomed to!
suffer, which with becoming fortitude they met, and
seemingly died Without the leastemotion ; when their
bodies, after being suspended the usual time, were
cut down, and taken back' intotshewkate;Trom" whence
they were taken by tittir restativks for interment.

Bow-sraerr. —Arrant' vibe, conveyed the silk
.stoletti
from the Sisters hoy, for which the p; men sufirmull
this morning, was on Friday secured b tree of *
patrole belonging to 'this office, in a lone hotel t 1
Ilford, after some resistance, and on Saturday was
brought to the office, and, after undergoing examina;
, bon, was remanded.
Persons desirous of particular or favourite Num-
bers for the ensuing Latery (which begins drawing
on 17th February) must be early in their application
at either of EYTON'S Offices, 2, Cornhill, or 18, Co.
ventry-street, Haymarket, as the Lottery consists of
only 7000 Tickets, and no doubt, as all the Capital
Prizes in last Lottery were sold in Shares, and pan
of them at the above Offices, there will be a scarcity
of Tickets previous to the drawing ; indeed, so con/
fident is ETTON, that he thinks there will not be anY
left for sale three days previous to the Drawing..
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED. ;
March 13. Henry Hart, of Porumouth, Hants, nary-agent, met.:
chant, scrivener, dealer and chaprnan, at ten, at the White
Hart Inn, Broad-street, Portsmouth.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
John Smith, of Coventry, ribbon-manufacturer. '

BANKRUPTS.
Henry Smith, late of Croydon, Surrey, shopkeeper, to surrender
January 26, Feb. 6, and March 6, at eleven, at Guildhall.-
Attorney, Mr. Haliday, St. John's-square, Clerkenwell. .
David Salmon, of No. 64, Lower East Smithfield, near the pre-
cincts of it. Catharine's, Middlesex, taylor, draper, dealer and
chapman, January 30, at twelve, Feb. 6, at eleven and March
6, at one, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. E. Isaacs, street,
St. Mary Aze.
Edward Simms, late of Asht orne, Derbyshire, dealer in music
and mutical instrument,, dealer and chal.man January 29,
at five, !anew . 30, and March 6, at eleven, at the Green Man
Ashborue. Attornies Mr. Gorge Williamson Gre.eves,
Ashbome ; or Mes,rs. Kiii:lerley, Long, and Austen, Holborn
Court, Gray's-Inn, London.
James Putter the younger, of Stoke by Nayland, Suffolk, malt:
seer, victualler, dealer and chapman, Feb. 1,2, and March 6,
at ten, at the Angel Inn, Colchester. Attornies, Mr. Spading,
Colches:er ; or Mr. Cutting„liartlett'a-buildings, Holborn.
John Baird and Nathaniel Barre, of Wilmelciw, Cheshire, check-
manufacturers, dealers and chapmen, Feb 3,4, and March 6,
at three, at the Castle Inn, Stockport. Attornies, Mr. liad-
deley, Stockport ; or Mews. M line and Parry, Tentp'e
William P.ar, of No. 20, Strand, Middlesex, silversmith, dealer
and chapman, January 26, Feb. 6, and March 6, at eleven, at
Guildhall. Attornies, Messrs. Weybuurn and Bourke, Craig's-
court, Charing-Cross.
James Shoobert and John Sawyer, now or late of Lothbnry,
London, Blackwell hall factors, dealers, chapmen, and copart-
:tars, January 30, at one, Febrea ; 6, and March 6, at twelve,
at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Davies, I.othbury.
M rgau the younger, late of,jisy Coppa, parish of Lla-
n'edy, Carmarthenshire, dealer and chairman, Feb. 8, 22, and
March 4s, at ten, a, the Wh'te Lion Inn, Carmarthen. Actor-
Messrs. *I arrant, Clarke, and Richards, Chaacery-lane,
London • or Wears. Douleis and Jones, Carmarthen.
William dial, of Bridgwater, Scanc-r sat, I•nendraper, shopkeeper,
dealer and chapman, Feb. 4,5, and March 6, at eleven, at the
Commercial Rooms, Bristol. Attornies, Messrs. B. and 0.1
- Smith, air:stol; or Messrs. arrant, Clarke, and Richards,
Chancery-lane, Landon.
Joseph Simcock, of St. Alban's, Harts, linen-draper, dealer and
chapman, Feb. 2, 13, and March 6, at twelve, at Gulldhall.-
Attornies, Mr. Piggott, St. Albans; or Messrs. Jones and
Roche, Covent-Gut'. n (;.hurch-yard.
James Noblett, of I Itilton-Lane-Ends, Lancashire, manufa:turer,
dealer and olitipman, Feb. 8,9, and March 6, at eleven, at the
Star Inn, Manchester. Atturinea, Mr. John Walker, No. IV,
Back King-street, Manchester; or Mr. Ed-s, Chancery-lane),
In Taylor, of Mosley, Lanca.hire, cotton-spinner, dealevisni
chapritan, Feb. 23, 24, and March 6, at ten, at the Ungl'avenst
in Manchester Attornies' Mr. Ralph EMI, Chancery-lasie,
Loadrin ;or Mr. James Knight, Manchester. •
Samuel Cockburn, late of the Island art Martinique, in theVtfest
Incite+, but now of High-street, St. Mary-lasßonne,
sea, merchant, dealer and chapman, January 30, Feb. 6, and
March 9, at one, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Druce, Billitar-
Square, Fenchurch-street, London.
Raphael Fitzgerald, of Toth& street, Westminster, oil and co.
Iburman, dealer and chapman, January 30, at twelve, Feb. 6,
and March 0, at ten, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. Veal,
Ah!ngdon street, lVestminster.
,nathan Head; of Liverpool, cabinet-maker, Feb. 15, 16, and
March ti, at one, at tb.: Globe Tavern, Liverpool. Attornies,
Mr. Charles Bard, Castle-Ditch, Liverpool: or Mr. Windle,
John-street, Bedford-row.
Henry Dunster, late of London-Bridge-Foot, since of St. Mi-
chael's Alley, Cornhill, and now of Bride-court, Fleet-street,
London, scrivener, dealer and chapman, January 26, at our,
Feb. 6, and March 6, at twelve, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr.
Charsley, Mark-lane.
Thomas Hughes, late of Cross, parish of Compton Bishop, and
Samuel Gulley, parish of Shiphun, Somerset, manufacturers
and dealers in Lapis Calarninaris and lead ore, dealers and
chapmen, January 25, Feb. 8, and March 6, at one, at the
Commendal Rooms, in Bristol." Attornies, Messrs. Bleasdale,
Alexander and Holme, New Inn,London ; or Messrs. Fry and
Parker, Axbridge, Somerset.
Moses Neighbour, of Soutb-street, Berkeley-square, Middlesex,
stable-keeper, dealer and charnant January 26, Feb: 6, and
March 6, at eleven, at Guildhall Attorney, Mr. edward Par-
ton, No. 14,,Walbrook.
Moses Powers, of Point-street, Portsmouth, Hants, silversmith,
slopseller, dealer and chapinan, February 2, 13, and March 6,
at twelve, at Guildhall. Attorney, Mr A. Isaacs, Bevis Marks,
St. Mary Axe.
Thomas Davenport Latham and Joseph Parry, of Devonshire-
square, London, merchants, copartners, dealers and chapmen,
January 26, Feb. 6, and March 6, at twelve, at Guildhall.-
_

Jonathan

Attorney, Mr. Dawes, Anrel-coui t, l'hrogmorton-street.
William Fawcett, of Crimscott-streett Bermondsey, Surrey, car-
penter and builder, January 26, February 6, and March 6, at
one, at Guildhall. Attornitb, Means. Drew and Sons, ier-
mondsey-street, Southwark.

William Austin, of Ellis-street, Chelsea, Middlesex, bricklayer,
builder, dealer and chapman, Feb. 2,6, and March 0, at or.e,
at Guildhall. Attornles, Messrs. Harvey and Warne, St. He-
len's Place, Bishopsgate-street.
John Cock, late of Lovier ShadweU, Middlesex, biscuit-baker,
dealer and chaprnan, fleb. 2, 16, and March 6, at twelve, at
Guildhall. Attorney, Mr. West, Red Lion-street, Wapping.
Joshua Jelicit, late of Fishbourn, Sussex, mealmao, Ftb. 4,5, and
March 6, at 11, at the White Hart Inn, Chithister. Attornies,
ilslevirs. Few, Ashmore, tnd Hamilton, Covent•Garden,Loo.
don ; or Mr. John Crete Blagdon, Chichester.
Charles Jones, late of Werthert, Salop, mercer, dealer tad chap.
man, Feb. 9, 10, and Marph 6, at eleven, at the Royal Qak Inn,
Pool, Montgomeryshire. Attorneys ,Mr W. E..t,tevenson, ut
Lincola's•lnn, London ; o.• Mr. Grtifithes, Pool
SaMuel Alprtss, of St. Ives, Huntingdtinflaire, dealer and chap-
loan' Feb. 1, at six, Feb. 2, at ten, and March 6, st tfwelve, ut
1 the Unicorn St. Ives. Attorney, Mr. Needham, codman-
ches:er ; ur Mears. k tau and WattaiLan, Grq*. Jrn.i.quatt.

11041.71tUritai '
• • • • • 1494 'ec
lattltlatitris.
_

Thorsiterisetnity the Rtio.lo Pirstlisey, Mister id AN
t4m} in ffi Corpus Chilati Cage, was
heta. bt Divinity ; and ou Friday,Doetor in Dlvinitf,
ECCLESIASTICAL IaOIIOIIONS.
iteo.lrit4ird M.A. lICIOW 'lf • LincOin "Col'ege
%%IWO, HilkireKin the esiuity•of Llieoln, was elect •I ter N
Preside* tad Groviscort of liethhat Holrital to the ,rep,,4 ~
tutu!. of won Net st:l/142sTi kale same county; vaunt
the reaigoatios of the Rev.A. F. inford.
Rev. Barellielis Zii i telt6w of Codvflle and Cat
Collet.; ttnahrldgel,"to:the tectirrestilii of the Parfait of Gt„,
Ashllehl, Seat, void brettliteath•of the Rev. S. Heigham.
Rey. Thomas Fenton, of ,ot)g Meliot d, Lire or pun.
bcoke-ball, Carnbgrdge, to the rectory of Beyr..n, utY
Rev: Mr FOuch to•tieviCahke•of Long Stratton, Cambridre.
shire. . .
• Rev. Mtn button, D.D. Prebendary of Hereford CatteNirik
=do! St. fdlio's College. in this University, hus eltctmi
,the Deatrand,Chapter to the Ace of Prxtecior u, DiviLity
the Said Cathedral.
Rev.'Mr: 'sine% Vtalr'of Mottity,'to the living of Anibuim
Hereto/44i*.
Rev. WOW* Piaui*, A.M. to the valuable li lug of Stow.
.ton.

isfaißßlEb'
The 16th instant, at Dublin, Mt. •F. A. Walter, to Sink
eldest daughter of Mr. Thorns • Huddleston, of the .ame pl -
The Rev. T. Wlsateley, Vicar of Conkhsun, hi, to is.‘btla
Sophia,.seeond daughter of Sir Wm. Welter &boys. Bart.
The 1 lih instant, in Devonshire Thomas Gunning, Esq. dWoosibtidge, to Chailotte, eldest dangtiter Lieutenant-cent.
ral

DIED.
.in the evening of Tuesday' the 19th Instant, aged 59, M.
Hamer, widow of the late Gcmr Hamer, Esq of RuchilAki
Lancashire.
Suddenly, at Saitwood Wracks, Hythe, on thy sth instar.,
Licutenant Richard White, of the 85th Light infantry Regi-
ment. He fell a victim, in the 'prime or life, to the Walcheree
diseate, troth which he never recoverud.
At ion advanced age, the Rev. James lfryett, Vicar of Salcoirls
Regis, Devon, and Rector of Chilhoine, Dorsetslnie.
Widttesday, at Euddicot, Oxfordshire, the Rev: Dr 'Nitta,
Chancyll•tr of Wells, Rector of Drayton,' and late Chaplain la
Ordinary to his Majesty.

MATRIMONIAL FELICITY.
its, • •
FSRS. COSS am. Co is 'Mit:daffy 'Mutated.
SBl.lgeons of London," bare sedulously devoted their atttn-
tion for these last 17 years to the study of tl.dse disorders which
so frequently embitter, and too often preventohat Inestimaltie
blessing, matrimonial felicity. The unrivalled patronage that dry
have i i.heno received from persons of the first di.thietion, aaa
the uniform success a tending their sup-sloe nari4e_ of treatment
'to such complaint., induce them thus publicly other their asset-
ance. In ill casts of &Witty-or deficiently, whether tesidt Ing note
the too frequency of participating in the gaieties of a fashionable
life, the unbounded indulgence bf liibertinism, or a,searct, :tottery,
and destructive b'abit,Wilich weakens the energy Attie mlnd,r4i
destroys theft Aver of youth, byimdscing stectlity en the out :a,
And impotenie hi the other, they offer a safe and zeniarteut cure.
l'o those who, from such complaints, are prevented "tering hint
the marriage state, and ashamed to seek relief, bee* over their
infirmities in silence, it suurbe consoling to knoscienwevar
cult or ineff.ctual the cureusay be deemed by other practitioners,
that, by a renovating and infallible methld, they may be restored
to a sound and vigorous constitution. A certain Disorders Ire.
quently contracted in a moment of indiscretion, and every specie
of Venereal Infection, by a. mild and.nt ver-failing mode of treat-
ment, is speedily and radically removed, without rests aint In diet
or exercise, as also Strictures of the Urethra and Gleets which they
are enabled to cure in a short period, without recourse to the
painful, dangerous effects of the Caustic; references of which tat
be given to several Gentlemen of high respectability, who bare
teen cured in a very short period, atter having laboured under
strictures for many years. To married Petuaks, whose exec.
talons of those tender pledges of connubial happiness have been
defeated, it may also be a pleasirg reflection to know; that !/ a
proper perseverance in their remedies the general health is reno-
vated, and the in:pediments removed.

Messrs. Goss and Co. exclusively professing the cure of these
particular compla.nts, In order tl at they may not be marked by
a mistaken few with the obloquy so justly attached to re igno-
rant empiric, think it but ju-flee to themselves to state that they
have been properly educated and initiated into evtry branch of
t. e prat siiMi (cestifirates of which from different hospitals, and
restanni ials from file most eminent physicians, they have to con-
vince ley ierm:rer,) that the BUCCL•6I rebulting from their ender
vrairo il..lticed them to quit the practice of the general pr‘e-
t.tiol-r, J. 4 they presume that theiryretensions constitute a fair
ground fur the unprecedented iorldence with which they hate
by the Pullic been so liberaly honoured.

To be consulted at their Louse daily (personalty, or by letter),
by patients of either sex, with secrecy, delicacy, and attention.
Patients•in the Country are requested to state the particulen
their caret are, and manner of hying, enclosing a Bank-
Wote for 'odium and- medicines, and die same will be givea at
forwarded to any part of the Kinfidpra.
603Saead Co. Surgeons, 13, Bouverle-street, Fleet-street.

CHALLENGE.
lUFFAR.S. CURRIE and Co. &liv en% late in Ms
•v•& Majesty's Seevks, challenge the wade world to prove a
Instance where 'their Medicine and method of cure ever
of die &shed sect. The practice of many years in the
:animist branch of their profestton has not given rise to oce
insuccessfut case.

They continue to direct their studies to thetrest meet and curt
of Venereal Complaints, and that de met of the system,
vvitlch is the Coriseqii ence Of the pernicfrius hod sHiteful effects ofa
habit long midmost unhappily pursisedby the youth; of bath sexes,
n thr one it will be found to be the uotailing source ef barren,
seas ; theatlier have ravages fatailyCleieloped tb them by a die
creasing state of debility, which, If notzimely remedied, terminates
in impotence. These are its remote and ultimate effects, while com
sumptions, loss of muscular power,and various nervous complaints
usually characterise the earlier stages of this solitary vice. Of per•
sons languishing under the disorders incident to such a habit, their
• reatment is simple and has never proved Unsuccessful. in the
courre of a long, laborious, and much extended practice. lit the
most obstinate and complicated cases of venereal infection, suck
is obstructions in the urethra, spungy excrescences, hard tu-
mors, callous ulcers, eruptions, seminal weakness, sleets, as else
STRICTURES,
Whether recent or of long duration, and which have twined the
skill ofother Practitionen ; are by their prevent improved pbn of
treatment, effectually and permanently cured, without the patient
suffering the excruciating pain and alarming hemorrhage which
often follows the application of the lunar caustic. In the course of
20 years extensive practice in this metropolis, numerous cases of
itrictures have been and are daily under their care, the total
-radication of which are effected by a safe, certain, and expetb•
thous mode of practice, superior to any other 'yet adopted. The
weakness, relaxation, and debility proceeding from this com-
plaint, is speedily removed, and the patient restored to sound
and vigorous health. But where the debility has for years exis-
ted, a proper perseverance in their restorative remedies, after the
Stricture has been destroyed, is indispensably requisite to re' ye
the slumbering sparks of life, and to reanimate the constitetio.i.
Several Noblemen and Gentlemen, of the first respec•aTill
have been under the care of Messrs. Currie and Co. for the sr
moval of complaints orthe Urethra, Strictures, &c. and, havni
received a radical and permanent cute, request that retete,:e
may be made to them as satisfactory evidences of the decided ia:*
periority of Messrs. Currie and Co.'s pi in of treatment. Mail
of these Gentlemen had Strictures from ten to twenty yearn
and were under the care of Messrs.- Home anti Heays,,!ert
and other surgeons of equal eminence, who attempted thin core
by the application of the limar caustic, without success.
Messrs. Currie and Co. may be consulted by either See, will
the greatest delicacy, secrecy and honour, at their house, Sa
107, Hatt on- Garde u.
P)dents in the country are requested to state the pariculae
of their case, age, and general habit of living, &c. inclostrg 3
remittance for advice and Medicines, wben the earns will be
gives or sent to any part rd the kingdorr.

HIGH WALE.< AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORRoW.
10 minutes ulcer
~. I. NUlltr.ti after
LON.LON : Printed tqf I awes. Misr, Piek.N. Place; -n't
Ful;'),lted nd :st the Star• Office, Teutplabar.
