I.
~ •

.10 -
- - •

~~

\

so tarsi the mars beickre Sir R. Bienie, or I&
beat hirri•yotitm/f,rePty'vrell ; but tsstell him
'had no eff ct-then would be-absurd folly."
eoursewhich the Noble Secretary was now rece
ing to thellouse. As to the Planters, he (Lore
rough) did not consider them as Englishmen,
residing in thilcoutim. They wete not Englist.
by edireition, Manners, interests, or -property. Their
allay's: in the West Indies and they were incapable to
:rapier-late ert•ets eare•for • the general' feeling of this
ennotii. He had heard it mentioned that if they cOn-
t:tiued..toresi,t, it was intended to lay a ditty on sugar
as an appeal to their•interesto. But this would be un-
just to the islands which had :hewn a more Christian
spirit. Were- Parliament to legislate- qua ad hoc, and
to itrike the masters in the presence of their slaves, they
• would destroy that public opinion on which all the
authority of the Colonial Assemblies rested. Who also
would be found to administer laws enacted by Parlia
ment; contrary to the feelings of the Colon;es ? That
4i4utd he found Impossible. The Noble Lord then asserted that It
will rt,trta to remove the Whip, and to give slates the enjoyment of
the Sunday, when their lives were left *holly at the dhposal of
their masters. it would be impossible to do any good, unless a
• - :y‘teut !este eitabilshed' to administer justice in the Colonies
Indepetatuilfsaic isissters. He' should be sorry by a division,
hdirevai"sitt44l',. teNv 'iken the little effect which his Majesty's M-
idgets might expect from the Resolutions, hut he feared they would
chiral . Parliament without producing any effect. The beat toy
would Iv perhaps to propose that the I'etitioas presented te tho
House le referred to a Committee of the whole House, though he
should :tot make a special motion to that effect.
'Lori LIVERFOOL—My Lords, I feel anxious to
say a 'ew words, in consequence r f the speech which
ydor Lni dships have heard from the Noblelaird whit
has jast sat down; for if the argument of that Noble
Lord means anything, it means this: that your Lord.l
ships ought to do nothing at all—(Hear).—That al-
though your Lordships, in common with all descrip-,
dons of persons in this country, agree in condemning
slavery in•the abstract, agree in opinion that something'
ought to be dose to mitigate the evils endured by the
slavet-A long as slavery exists; and that slavery ought
to be ultimately abolished : yet that Parliament ought
not to take a single step to accomplish that object.
(Hear.) The first question, which every man, in con-
sidering this question, must put to himself.; is this—ls'
icalesirable that the present state of the slave in our
West India' Colonies should be ameliorated, and that
by such a course of measures as will n'timately lead to
tl/04iilictinti Of slavery itself? (Hear.) The first duty
is to state fairly to the Colonial Legis-
latures- our opinions respecting the slaves, to recom-
mend to the Colonies to carry our wishes into effect,
and forthil reason, because, the Colonial authorities
cfld ,hetAir 'tarty them into effect than the Briti
Par iament, and because it must be the desire of
all parties, whatever boons and blessings ought to be
conferred i:fon the slaves, the slavesshould owe them to
coq, Colon* legislatures, and not to the British Pasha-
*etas actusg in opposition to the British Colonies.
We ought to say to the Colonial Assemblies, " This is
our tbret, this Is the object of
_the British nation; it is
a.tnes.essary fats your own interests:,as for the honour
of the British nation, but we will give you the first
oppbrinaity of affecting that object ; do it in your own
'jot- wtho! no
.wish 'irtand un nice points in
Yegislairf us e'paeases,, tipMfauattert oft his kind, but we
should rather the slaves should.owe tbose boons to the
Colonial Legislatures, thanara any act of .peremptory
authority by the British Pirliamene—(Cheers). I say,
lrefil7tirCearrietice .which we pave had- of what base
been done by several of the Colonial Assemblies,
according to the principles of justice, which ought to
kgovern the conduct of your L-irdships in matters of this
ind, we ought to adopt the course whinla his Majesty'sr
-Gotytiaitienthas:pursttel, and your Lordships mad not;
teilutPited is the passions, theinterestsf in my opitrionl
4 41411.1.hollitiothe.prejudiees of the Colonial. Authorities,
*Via prevent them from travelling quite so fast as wes
Whores* io the same predicament, an—but we have a
sighs:to expeetithat they-will do what is right.; and`we,
rabo are ourselves subject to hnfirian iufirniities, ought
t 6 snake all due allowances for the passons and preju-
dice: of the colonist, and to give them a reasonable
time, for. carrying icto- effect those measures against
w,lasels their passions and their prejudices are enlisted.
kage,amtiousithat your Lordships should wait for the result, and
having done our duty by ascertaining whether or not
Abe Co.
1904 Legidattires are disposed to recognize the principle of those
Pesointiptia, sod to act upon the recommendations of the British
arliarount.—then, I trust, that the British Parliament wilt dolts
duty; if,,torfornmately, the necessity shall exist by asserting its
jolt anilitltitj re
_that way in which that authority can be beg as-
set teti—.(l..oud elieeks
'Mfe DuketitgiLOUCESTER. said, in consequence
of the turn which this debate had taken, he was anxious
to say a few words. Although he regretted that the
other House of Parliament had' not sent up those Re-
solutions at an earlier period, still he must give them
his cordial suppose, because he was convinced that his
Majesty's Government" would not call upon their Lord-
ships tOadoptibose Resolutions, if they were not deter-
mined to carry them into effect by a strong measure, in
case of refusal• by the Colonial Legislatures. He would
therefore•rearrnmend to their Lordships to come to an
tgariltii#Sycitesin gi jer to she w to the country that their
Lerdships Placed confidence in his Majesty's Govern-
/11W- W.hen he considered that only twelve months
wp,u4l,,,elapse before their Lordships would be fully
acquainted with the intentions of the Colonial Legis-
latures, he was disposed to request his Noble Friend
(l_or,d 41Ienboreugh) would not offer any opposition.
114'441x-satisfied that his Majesty's'Government would
not. do *heir duty to the country, whose feelings against slavery
wage so universal, and, he would add, that they woul.l not do their
duty to: their Gon, if, Id case of refusal on the part of the Colonial
Legiaiatuses, they should not come down to Parliament, and de-
'naid to tarry their measures into effect.
The LORD CHANCELLOR considered that the
effe4t oftheSe resolutions would amount to nothing.l-te".)eaS ail anxious as any man for the amelioration of
the.;alaper.and the abolition of slavery, if that aboliti
couW•beasctornp!ished consistently wilh time well-being
of the stares diemsOves, with the safety of the colony,
and With'wtat is fair ancl•equitable with respect to the
intemtsof privateroperty. it was his humble opinion
—he, gave iii .not because it was his opinion, but because
it was his fiked opinion—tact the cause of the al ayes had
bean' More injured by the indiscreet zeal of its advocates
itiatt by. ,tlie Apposition of its adversaries. If their Lord:
ships, ioelead at the h;story of the last century, tley
would 'be able to judge squally and fairly between
111(4'.*ho hold the present opinions anal. the persons wkly.
enctanargia. this system Of slavery. in the -last centiir?
some glands proposed theni4lvei to limit the Limp' er of
slaves; and this country would not allow them to do soo
Why, then, should we lay the whole blame upon them?
The Legislature had encouraged men to embark their
propettp jar the West India colt:nits; This country was
as nrsentent;aged as any ir, the.,slav-;Fide;- *la 'this
was "clattieff to such An valetas awe thtise‘ win)) or'
thas4 from thetr.esyl.rgr*4l6%.?

%,ty

.sivrded _ expediency
•
believe, and he would act on Ins incredulity—he-did
not b^rive, he said, that the resolutions of Parliament
would be finally opposel by the Colonial Assemblies;
and if some of the rerlutions were opposed, others
would be adopted. It would then be for the wisdom of
Parliament to take the measures which wouldbe proper.
,The House must not be paralysed and prevented from
taking a single step in recommending such measures as
their Lordships might deem necessary, merely from the
possibility that their recommendations might be fruit.
less. As far as their Lordships, could go he would go.
If the Colonies seceded to the measures proposed, they would have
nothing more to do; if they agreed to some and not to all of them,
would then be for the wisdom of the Legislature to deteiniine
Whit they should do with reference to the benefit of the slaves
themselves, to the safety of the Colonies, and to the rights of tbbse
who had embarked their property in the West Indies upon the re-
commendation, with the sanction, and at the instigation of Govern-
ment. In that case he would give his full consent to the resolution.

Lord REDESDALE perfectly assented to the revs-
lotion. The experience which the plan pursued would
allow them to have, might tend to remove the pre-
judices of the colonists. It had been said that the co-
lonists hai adopted the means of instructing- the slaves,
for the purpose ( f making them better slates. If they
had found out that it was their interest to make their
slaves better, an important step had been made. Why
was Jamaica so backward ? Because the sudden eman-
cipation of the blacks led to massacre and to the de-
struction of property. All hasty measures must be
ultimately injurious to the slaves themselves, as well as
to the proprietors. If any system could be adopted by
which the slave could emancipate himself by his own
industry and conduct, it would be desirable. The slave
who kis property feels himself superior to the one who
has not ; he feels an elevation of character, and was
likely to become a better member of society. If any
sudden measure for liberating the slaves were adopted,
the consequence would be a separation from the whites.
The blacks being more numerous, would seize upon the property
of the whites, and perhaps massacre them.
Lord DUD LEY and WA RD said his connection with
West India property bad for some time drawn his at-
tention to the state of the slaves in the Colonies. He was
quite aware of the strong feeling which prevailed
throughout England on the subject ;•but much of that
feeling was to be ascribed to the present period of
profound tranquillity, when the most illustrious states•
man and the itinerant philanthropist were alike active
in giving an excitement to the public mind. His
Lordship would not attempt to justify the obstina:y of
the Colonists; but he must be permitted to say that the
ordeal through which they were compelled to pass was
too severe. ~ It would not be fair, in judging of the
English character, to enter into an examination of
all the domestic relations of private` life.. Nor even if
much scrutiny were adopted toward. the Colonists did
he think it would present such a practice of relentless
cruelty as had been represented. It wotild not be fair
to cotnpare the slaves in the West Indies with the
labourer in England; bittlet the situation of the slaves
in 'the West Indies be compared with their situation at
Congo or Ashantee. It had been said that slavery was
inconsistent with the Christian religion. He would not
venture upon theological subjects in the presence of the+
bench of Bishops, but he thought it was foircing Chris-
tiinity to press it into such a subject—it was a perversion:
of religion forcitil purposes. He would not be charged
wilh.ssny partii4lity ibr 'slavery, after he had stated his
ert-h,that it had never existed,. He did not desire that
tWilifisent system should continue; on the contrary,
he thought it ought not and could not continue. It
was most unfortunate that the Colonists did not obey
the resolutions of Parliament. But though the disobey
diepce could not be justified, it might be palliated.....
It would be in the recollection of the House, that on
former occasions the discussions were not upon slavery
but neon the slave trade, and however unpalatable the
ital‘ject. might be at the present time, Noble and Illus-
trious Individuals had advocated the slave trade. The
Colonists were in the same situation with respect to
slavery that this country was thirty years ago with
respect to the slave trade. The Colonists were not so
hasty in changing their opinions as the mother country,
nor were they in the better humour to receive the re-
commendations of Patliament, when those resolutions
were accompanied with a censure reflecting upon the
character of the West India Colonists; and in addition
to trais, they chink they see their enemies behind the
scene. It ought to be rocollected, that the . Colonists
have lost severely by the changes in the laws respecting
slavery ; and they are materially, alarmed for the future.
His Lordship did not wish to inquire.into the power of
i Parliament, but he intreated of the House to reflect
upon the danger of enforcing measures which might
lead to serious consequences. If the Colonists dare re-
sist them, they must lead to rebellion; and if they dart not resist
they must lead to discontent. If negroes see power taken from the
hamls in which they were in the habit of seeing it placed, It would
have the most dangerous effect.

Tate Marquis of LANSDOWN said he wished the
same eloquence which had been employed by the Noble
Lord to defend the conduct of the• West India Colonists,
had been employed to induce the Colonial Legislatures_
to act upon, and to adopt the Resolutions of Parlia-
ment. It would appear that there d•d not exist the
proper determination to put down that contumacious
spirit which prevailed in the Colonies. He was willing
to in 'ulge 3 hope that the colonists, from a regard to
their own interests, would yield to the determination of
Parliament, and he could not help indulging a lingering
hope that even yet they might adopt the suggestions ot
Government. He had k.eard, land would be glad if the
Noble Earl opposite could contradict it, that up to the
present moment no step had been taken by either of the
Ced total Legislatures to give legality to marriages be.'
t• eon the blacks, except in the 13 ihamas ; and his Lord-
Ship considered this a most important omission. In no
instance did any of the Legislatures consent to that
regulation by which the slave would be entitled
to the purchase ot his manumission ; and he would
ask, what could be safer sloe the planter than to
xu .w the slave the privilege of buying his own
free.lorn? %Vitt' respect to the exempting females
tram exposure to put•ishme.u, no steps had been taken.
licore he sat down he wished to ask the Noble Earl at
the head of the Colonial Department, whether the Colo•
nial Legislatures will meet in time to have their deli.'
betations before the next Session of Parliament, or
whether the Noble Earl has any objectiorftn the meet-
ings of the• Colonial Legislatures at • an e irlier period
that; asual,Vlt would be essiential that the pi oceetlings
til the Colonial Legislattstes thOktld be laid before rah.

. early attention of the Colonial Legislature
earlier season than usual. It was his (Lord Bathurst's)
intention to take all the necessary measures for an early veering
of the Colonial Legislatures, and it was therefore the intention of
Government to give directions for an early meeting of the Wear
India Legislatures.
Earl St. VINCENT recommended a serious consideratlost• et
the 4ssixesto treaty (which secured a monopoly of the slave trade
,for Great Britain) to the abolitionists, and advised that a Learned
and Honourable Member of the other House should append it as
a note to his next brief upon the subject of emancipation. lie felt,
,obliged to the Government on the part of the colonists for the tuo-
deraticm and good spirit which characterized those resolutions.
The Bishop of BATH luid WELLS had presented many Peti-
thns, a great number of which had been from the Church. He
could assure the Noble Lord (Dudley) that slavery was against the
laws of Christianity. He was fully aware that free labour was
better than that which was extorted by the whip. &c. and he should
therefore support the Resolutions. He had always been for the
emancipation of the mind before that of the body. It was there-
fore with feelings of gratification that he had seen the authorization
of the building of Chapels, schools, &c. at the different Colonies.
Lord SUFFIEI.D wished t• knew if there was any definite
period at which the Colonists were likely to meet ? lie hoped it
would be soon, because two years might elapse, instead of one,
before the opinion of the Colonists could give their opinion on the
resolutions.

Lord BATHURST explained—he had given orders that the
meeting should take place as soon as possible, hut he could not
exactly indicate the period.
The Bishop of FERNS was afraid that the House would Ima-
gine, from the lack of Petitions from Ireland, that it had no com-
miseration for the unfortunate slaves. lie could assure tho House,
however, that it had. He entirely concurred in the principle of
:he Resolutions.

The Resolutions were adopted by their Lordships; and the other
Orders of the Day being disposed of, tho House adjourned at
TcN o'CLocc.

• M'...,•••••....•••••• Mated to deal with foreigners fcireetres,bast were com- liamenteirly is the nett Session, het Rua tkare b'
Itlartin, or pelled-to4surthase them.ol3the BrAtilb merchants.—if.it abrrehlttMidk on the part of the reload :Laelstaturto
a Parliament tin
again what could be done without it to the abode e11*..5...1441")ttb . .
e catinttztt arouldbbe fa Ike raver. 1 ot
wout *pure tu-
I
nch wasthir :derations, what Heart been 20 bositm that wsould, ta forward an
reilo .
ecommetia- snot the conditionV thcen slaves whom „our Terf,l3/VIHURSTIOIt MOS • to the Itrobteitilannts ,ui
ottltraprebiet LlZotnaili tbsilna""" 411;" i tr.
rd El.ltteb97.4pwn eolicfhadjslacedin that WittChed.condition ?Be iiibe opportunity kagitCh 41as •
,rienr afOgave'his hiartyNoncurrence to the so far as *jog the wi,hes of Government on the subject of calling
!,nglishmen relprded the expediency of the-measure. He did not the early attention of the Colonial Legislature at an sn
tdectisiM at et m
