HOUSE OF COMMONS.

A Gentleman from the Bank of England presented a Return
of the weekly amount of Bank Notes. and Post Dills issued,
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DENNIS BROW NE presented a Petition from the in-
h.fbitants of the city of Kilkenny, complaining that they bad suf.
feretrfrom the repeal of the Salt Tax, the justice of which, how-
ever, they did not impugn, but prayed for sonic relief.
Mr. CU RWEN said, he had no doubt he should be able to
thew, on the discussion of this question to-morrow, that Ireland
ought not to be a sufferer from the repeal of this tax. • •
Mr. DALY made a few observations in support of the repeal
Of the duty on rock salt imported into Ireland.
• Mr, C. H. II urcii 1 NEON assured the House that the pte-
sent feeling of the merchants of Cork was, that the duty shoOld
be repealed ; and that they had no wish to see the other parts of
she country suffer in consequence of it. .
Mr. ISRlGHTaiixiously desired to see .the whole tax., with
the machinery of collection, done away with.
The Petition was then read, and ordered tube printed.
• Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a Petition from an indivi.
atm% residing in Westminster, complaining of an arbitrary depri-
vation of his license as a publican.—Ordered to be-printed. •
On the motion of Mr. Lusinnorcur, the House went into a Com:.
suttee upon the Stamp Acts, pursuant to the Order of the Day.
Mr. LUSIIINGTON then submitted certain Resolutions,.
which wets agreed to, and the House having resumed, the Re-
Am was ordered to be received to-morrow.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a Petition from the COIn.
'animas for widening streets, !nimbly praying that the pro.

posed Act of the Rida Rah. &votary for* Mow Deport-
nwnt would not interns* with ther sheiks", tdzeosivo haittha
See legied under the A
Mr. Secretary PEEL ,that thwOndes was too far ad-
vanced; to admit Uf his whinier, adronsage of a suggestion of
this, libido-411w Petition was rind, and ordered to be printed.
ALLHOUSZ .UW1)151110 SILL.
On the motion for the third' reading of this Bill,
Lord CRANBOURNE Made some observations in
opposition to certain clauses in the Bill, and particu-
larlrthat which went to deprive the County Magis-
trates of the power they possessed over public houses.
He considered the Bill with this clause in it as quite
spoiled, and therefore moved, as an amendment, that
it be read that day three months.
Mr. Alder Man SMITH seconded the amendment,
thinking that the Bill had been altogether changed
from its original object in the Committee.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT thought that the most per-
nicious effects would follow from depriving the Ma-
giktrates of their controul over the public houses.
Mr. MONCK was sure that, if the monopoly in
beer were destroyed, porter would be sold at four-
'pence instead of fourpence halfpenny a pot. The
amount expended annually in strong beer in this
country was eighteen millions sterling, and this re-
duction therefore would be equal to ten per cent. in
favOur of the consumers of this article. He thought
that some steps should be taken to transfer the power
of the Magistrates over public houses to the Petty
Sessions, being of opinion that in a multitude of
Counsellors they were likely to find wisdom and
greaterer security from abuse.
Mr. CALCRAFT defended the licensing Magis-
trates from any imputation of improper conduct, and
unless the clause in the Bill affecting those Magistrates
were withdrawn, he should oppose the Bill.
Mr. Secretary PEEL considered that the discretion
which had been vested in the County Magistrates
ought not to be withdrawn from them. It had inva-
riably been well exercised for the benefit of the coun-
try, and the plan of referring complaints against
publicans to the Quarter Sessions, would be a very
inconvenient and ineffectual mode of supplanting it.
He hoped that it would be possible for the author of
the Bill to make such a modification of this clause as
should remove the objection, in order that the Bill

might not be lost.
Mr. BERNAL thought it would be very hard
upon his Hon. Friend (Mr. Bennet) that this Bill
should be rejected, alter he had taken so much pains
to frame it to suit the notions of Honourable Mem-
bers. He proposed that the word 4, County" should
be erased from the clause, when he thought it might
be acceded to.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR said, that from an experience
of thirty years, he never knew an instance of improper
deprivation oflicense, and to take from County Ma-
gistrates that power which they had hitherto so im-
partially and beneficially exercised, would be to cast
an unjust imputation upon them.
Mr. BOOTLE WILBRAHAM commented on
some of the provisions of the Bill, and was of opinion
it might be advisable to let the subject stand over till
next Session.
Mr. LOCKHART thought this Bill did not afford
the Public sufficient protection against the evils expe-
rienced under the present system. He therefore wished
the Bill to be recommitted, that the subject might be
again discussed.
Colonel WOOD said, if the Bill were allowed to
stand over till next Session, the whole of the enact-
ments, many of which were admitted to be good,
must, remain inoperative for a year. He begged to
suggest, that the three clauses which had been prin-
cipally objected to should be withdrawn, and the Bill
(such as it would be without them) passed.
Mr. F. PALMER did not object to the Bill as far
as it went, but thought it did not go far enough, and
he therefore wished it to stand over another year, that
it might be seen whether it could be made stronger,
and more like what had been originally contemplated.
Mr. ESTCOURT hoped the Hon. Gentleman
would withdraw his Bill for the present. Though he'
thought the measure-might be made useful, if pressed
in its present state, he must vote for the amendment
of the Noble Lord.
Mr. H. BRIGHT spoke in favour of the summary,
jurisdiction at present exercised.
Mr. LUSHINGTON joined in the wish so gene-
rally expressed, that the Hon. Gentleman would with-
draw his Bill for the, present, and bring it forward
I again in the early part of the next Session, in an
improved shape.
Mr. HOLFORD thought the Bill was not what
might have been expected, and what was originally
intended. He hoped it would be withdrawn for the
present, to be reintroduced in a more perfect form.
Mr. Alderman WOOD spoke in favour of the Bill.
He thought, before a publican was deprived of his
license that he ought to be heard. He ought not to
be condemned, and perhaps totally ruined, without
having any opportunity of stating what he might
have to offer in his defence.
Mr. BENNET replied. Seven years having passed
since he turned his mind to this subject, and this
being the second attempt that he had made, in com-
pliance with the prayers of all parts of the House, to
frame a measure which would correct the evils which
had so long been the subject of complaint, he could
not now consent to withdraw it. He then described
the objects which he bad in view in bringing in the
present Bill, and shewed that he had been prevented
from following some of them up, by the inconsistent
conduct of some of those who had at first come for-
ward in support of his views upon the subject. He,
however, contended, that the Bill in its present form
would do good. Many of those scourges of the poor,
those sinks of iniquity, which now existed in the Me-
tropolis 'and elsewhere, would be put down if it
passed. He wished to establish a system under which
the Magistrates would be forced to-.put down a bad
house, but under which a good one would be pro-
tected against an arbitrary exercise of power. He
had no object in view but, tp coma the evils admit-
ted to exist. Those who-opposed the, Bill now before
them, and ivisheitibtitsi tcorentain as it was, were
*perhaps not acquainted 'with' the attug stateof. the
law. By the 9th of James 1. chapter the fait, it was
enacted, that any landlord who suffered persons to
remain tippling in his house longer than one- hour
would be liable to forfeit a sum of money for the first
offence, and for the second to be deprived of his li-
cense. Thus stood the law at present, and ho wished
the Public to kaci* if yet there.were in that House,
persons who considered themseltes to be Legislators,
and -who were Masistraiest who did hot /*ow that

any tavemkeepeT who suffered tap or five Gentle.l
men to remain in his house morethan an hour, eating
or drinking, he was liable to be punished undtr that
law. If an! single person should come to hi'm as a
Magistrate
.of Surrey, and say, that whereas at a
tavern where he (Mr. Bennet) had lately dined with
his Honourable Fiiend the Member for Southwark,
certain Gentlemen had met for the purpose of tip-
pling, of speaking, and yet more of eating, he should
on such information, be obliged to levy a penalty on
the landlord, and adjudge him to lose his license.—
Because such a proceeding was not very likely, they
were not to assume that it might not be witnessed.—
lie had in his possession an adjudged case, where a
Magistrate, a Clergyman, had convicted a publican
for the high crime of giving out a pint of beer to the
servant maid of that same Clergyman on a Sunday,
and the landlord and 'his family, who had till then
lived in credit, had in consequence been reduced to'
poverty. He would not consent to withdraw the Bill.
He would, however, consent to leave out the words
" Counties and Ridings," if that Would sati.fy the
objections raised against it. He complained of the
opposition offered to this Bill by those who com-
plained of defects which it did not contain. The
House might dispose of it as they pleased ; but as the
tree cell, so it might lie. They would not find him
ready to take upon himself the trouble of attending
a Committee for five or six days, to hear a number
of Gentlemen talking at once, and to have some pull-
ing out the white hairs of his plan, and others the
black ones, till at last none remained. After the la-
bour and anxiety wit;ch he had endured, and after
the expense incurred to poi the machinery in motion
which was necessary to give the requisite information,
if all were now to be of no avail, others might take
up the subject if they pleased, but for his part, he had
neither time, nor money, nor patience, to spend in
such an unprofitable manner.—The House then
aided, when the numbers were—
For the third Reading
For the Amendment

~y

Majority - -17
Some discussion took place on the passing of the
Bill, while strangers were excluded, and several
Amendments were moved and adopted.

SLAVE TRADE.'
Mr.WILBERFORCE rose, under peculiar circum-
stances, to call the attention of the House to the sub-
ject of the Slave Trade. After the measure which
had been resorted to by this country, in negotiating
with Foreign Powers, in order to repress the Slave
Trade, he thought it would be felt that we were
bound to use every means in our power to see that
they were effective. With this view he was about to
move for the correspondence between the Govern-
ment and his Majesty's Officers on the coast of Africa,
whose duty it was to report on.the progress made in
suppressing the Slave Trade. He would not detain
the House long, but he would offer a few words with
respect to the different-Powers of Europe, who had
concurred with us in declaring against the continu-
ance of the Slave Trade. It afforded him great
pleasure to learn that a law had been passed by the
Spanish Cortes, awarding an infamous punishment:---
a punishment of ten years labour in the public works
against those concerned in carrying on the Slave
Irade,. while the victims of their traffic, who were
destined to slavery, were under this law to be set at
liberty. This was an admirable law, and, faithfully
acted upon,would render much service to the cause;
and he could not let the subject pass,without esisre,-s-
-ing that gratitude to the Count Torreno, which wa .
due from him in common with all the fricuds of
humanity. Wi:% respect to Portugal he knew not
what to say. If they looked at the. past nothing
could be more discreditable than the conduct of that
Power with respect to the Slave Trade, nothing more
opposed to the views of this country. One only merit
in this instance belonged to her, that of consistency,
for it would be remembered that his Noble Friend
(the Marquis of Londonderry ),when at Vienna, could
not prevail on Portugal to declare against the Slave
Trade till after succeeding with all the other Powers.
He at last obtained from Portugal a reluctant assent
to the same declaration, on conceding to her certain'
commercial advantages. The Slave Trade of Portu-
, gal was thus to be confined to the South of the Line.
—Not without a pang had those countries been sur-
rendered, which were thus thrown open to. Portugal ;
1 but this had been conceded by the friends to the abo-,
lition of the Slave Trade. But now the ships of
Portugal were found on every part of the coast of
Africa, and the trade, it appeared, had received the
sanction of a Portuguese Governor. Such had been
the conduct of Portugal. But would it continue the
same under the present Government, or would a dif-
ferent course be pursued ? Those who loved liberty
for themselves, ought to love it for the sake of others,
and he should consider it a bad omen if the Portu-
guese were found so indifferent to the rights and
liberties of their fellow-creatures, while they, were
engaged, as at present, in asserting their own. The
next Power.to whose conduct he would call the at-
tention of the House, was that of the United Statesl
of America. He confessed surprise that a people'
coming from the same stock as ourselves, and ani-
mated by congenial feelings, should be backward in
giving effect to the decisions which they had come to
on this subject, after not merely seconding our views,
but avowing the same principles even previous to their
being asserted by us. It would be remembered that
a Committee 'of the House of Representatives had,
last year, recommended the• general adoption of a
mutual search for slaves. When it was remembered
how unlike this search is time of peace would be to
the right of search claimed on. the part of this coun-
try in the time of war; he should have hoped no an-
cient prejudice Would stand in the way of the adop-
tion of a measure so deeply affecting the dearest
rights and interests of a large class of our fellow-
creatures. But he was sorry to say, though the sub-
ct had been argued in a very proper tone by our
'Representative (Mr. Canning); it seemed to have been
met almost 'with ill humour by the American Minis-
ter'. Me. Adams):, He. untlerstocid a second Report
from the House of Representative vet y justly pointed
wont that, properly considered, a qualified and regu,
lated right to examine each others ships in time of
peace, would not only be different from the unquali-
fied right of search in time of war, but was, in fact,
directly opposite to it, for, making it a matter of
treaty, it was admitted that without such treaty no
right could be claimed. 'When this was understood,
he could not but hope that the House of Represen-
tatives would gierup their objections to the Measure,

and agree with their Committee; and also, that the
Senate and the whole Government of America would
do the same, and consent to adopt the only means
which could be resorted to with a prospect of put.
ting an end to this enormous evil—(Hear, hear)._
It was gratifying to any man who loved the people
of that country, as;, he professed he did, to find that
the American Offictrs and men, when they met ours
on the African coast, forgot all national feelings—all
petty jealousies, and kindly united with zeal, good
humour, and good u ill, to add their best efforts to
ours in order to put down- the Slave Trade. He re.
joked at the restoration of a free and legitimate Go.
vernment in France, and at the tranquillity and pro.
verity which she now enjoyed. But it was lament:lWe
to see, that when the progress of civilization "as most
rapid amongst her own people, she was OPP4);ig the
progress of civilization in Africa. Notwithstanding
the general reasons which they had to regiet the con-
duct of •Fr.ance upon this question, he could not avoid
referring with the highest satisfaction to the semi•
ments expressed by one individual, in a speech de.
livered when the subject was under discussion some
little time ago (the Duke de Broglio). He was sure
'that when such principles and such sentiments were
supported even-by one man in a country, conviction
would not long be withheld from the great mass of
the good-and the just. He was cenviuced that reli-
gion hid made great advances in France, kut he
must very much doubt the reality cf any religion
when he saw it go hand in hand with slavery—.
(Cheers).—The Rol. Member then described the hap-
piness which civilization had bestowed in some parts
of Africa, and the gratitude which the inhabitants
of those pasts felt for the protection and comfort
afforded them by British laws, and British religion.
The people of the other countries were as susceptible
of this improvement as those who had already been
civilized; and why should they set any bounds to
British benevolence, and he would say to British jus-
tice, in performing so good a work ? Whatever
might be the condUct of other countries, he trusted
that we should continue to shew that we mere in
earnest, by using all the means we could to put a
stop to this detestable traffic. Our having been the
foremost in pursuing it at one period, %rev only a
reason why we should be more anxious to repair the
injury we had done to Africa. There was no sub-
ject upon which public opinion was so Onanimocs,
and there was nothing which every Englishman who
had the heart of a man so much de.,ited, as the ac-
complishment of that work of benevolence, that had
been so warmly begun. With such a cause he c•,uld
not despair, and he earnestly hoped they ,humid con-
tinue their course, and overcome the'prejudices A hich
at present opposed their progress. He trusted that
his Majesty's Ministers would pursue it steadily, and
exert their talents as they hitherto had done, in the
enviable situation of receiving the support and thanks
of all sides of the House, and of all parties. The
Hon. Member concluded by moving—
" Resolved, nem cox. That an humble Address be presented
to his Majesty, to represent to his Majesty that the deep inte-
rest which this House has so long taken, and still continues to
take in the abolition of the Slave Trade, has IYoI us to peruse,
with no little solicitude, the Papers relative to that subject,
which by his Majesty's commands were lately laid before us;
nor could we forbear indulging a hope that his Majesty's re-
newed representations and remonstrances, would have at hook
produced the desired effect of causing the various Governments
by whese subjects the Slave Trade was still carried on, seriously
to consider the rumerous and powerful obligations under which
they lay, to co-operate with. his Majesty, heartily and efficiently,
in order to put an end for ever to this enormous evil.
" But we have learned with grief and shame, that with very
few exceptions, every hope of this nature has been altogether
frustrated, and :hat we are still compelled to witness the strange
and humiliating spectacle of practices which are acknooleeiged
to be mode up of wickedness and cruelty by the very Gevern-
ments whose subjects are nevertheless carrying them on, upea
a great and continually increasing scale.
" That we observe, however, with satisfaction, that tie power-
ful reasoning and continued expostulations of his Majesty's Go-
vernment, enforced by the strong and persevering remonstrances
of his Majesty's Ambassador at the Court of the Netherlands,
have at length produced an admission of the just construction of
the Treaty with that Power.
• " That we are glad to see that some of the abuses have been
corrected which had prevailed in the conduct of the Court of
mixed jurisdiction at Sierra Leone, but that experience has
proved the necessity of altering that provision, which renders it
necessary for the slaves to have been actually on shipboard to
justify the condemnation of the vessel, and of allowing due
weight to be given to that decisive proof of the object of the
voyage, which is afforded by the peculiar mod; of fitting and
equipping slave vessels.
" That it is some alley/lotion of the pain produced by the al-
most uniform tenour of these distressing accounts, to learn that
the Cortes of Spain has subjected all who should be found con-
cerned in Slave-trading, to a severe and infamous punishment;
and that, with this evidence of a just estimate of the guilt of the
crime, we cannot but hope that they will not rest satisfied with
a legal prohibition, but that they will provide the requisite means
for carrying their law into execution.
" That we find with concern that the vessels of Portugal, so
far from gradually retiring from the trade, have been carrying it
on with increased activity, more especially on that very part of
the coast which is to the North of the Liue, in direct violatioa
of the Treaty by which she had stipulated to confine bet trade/
to the South of it.
" That we cannot but cherish the hope that the new Govern-
ment of Portugal will manifest a warmer zeal for enforcing a
Treaty which every law, divine or human, binds her to observe;
that we have observed, with no little pleasure, the zeal for the
abolition of the Slave Trade that has been tuanifested by the
Commanders of the ships of war of the United States of America,
employed on the coast of Africa, and the disposition they have
shewu to co-operate with the Officers of his Majesty's Navy for
their common object; bet that we are concerned to perceive in
the American Government no disposition to give up the objec-
tions it formerly urged against the establishment of a mutual
right of examining each other's ships on the coast of Africa;
that we had hoped that the powerful arguments used by a
Committee of the House of Representatives in favour of this
arrangement would have their just weight, more especially that,
which points out the difference, or rather contrariety, between
this conventional And qualified system and the right of searchiug
neutral vessels, without any previous treaty, as claimed and
practised in war. Above all, that the consideration so stronoly
enforced, that it is only by the establishment of sonic such sys-
tem that the trade can ever be effectually abolished, would have
induced the American Government to consent to it, when the
object in question involves the rights and happiness of so large a
portion of our fellow-creatures.
"'That with the deepest concern we find, as lit the last year,
vessels under the French flag trading for slaves along the whole
extent of the coast of Africa, at home and abroad. Proposals
are circulated for Slave-trading voyages, inviting the smallest
capitols, and tempting adventurers by the hopes of enormous
profits. That the few ships of war of that country stationed in
Africa offer nu material obstruction to the trade, nor do the Go-
vernors of her Colonies appear to he more active. And all this
while the French 'Government reprobates the traffic in the
ittongesttionis, and declares that it is using its utmost efforts
fur the prestention of-to great en evil.
"That it is deeply to be regretted that a Government whielt
has been generally regarded as tinthent for its efficiency, should
here alone find its efforts so entirely paralyzed. 1 hat meanwhile
we can only continue to lament that a gieat and gallant nation,
eminently favoured by Pavements wish natural advantages, and
among the very foremost in all the distinctions acid enjoyments
of civilized life, should thus, on its restoration to the blessiugs of
peace, and to the government oaf its legithnote Senrereigo, ap-
pear, iu fact, to be the chief ogent in blasting the opaline pro

, of ehilintion which even Africa bad begun two-sant, and
iy wet
Prolonging the misery and barbarism of that vast Continent."
Tl:c Ad.oeas concluded by expressing an earnest
wish ill it his Majesty would continue to enforce his
neiz.' 1 •-•
,o with foreign Powers for the abolition of
.
the traffic in Slaves, the accomplishment of which
vcnild shed additional lustre on his reigp.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY. did not rise
to oppose the motion of his Hon. Friend, and he
thould n-t look to particular expressions in his speech,
or in the document which he had moved, with a cri-
tical ee, in a diplomatic point of view. He had
y
done jii,tice to his own feelings, in the diScharge of
what he considered a sacred duty; and that without
any indecorum in the general spirit of his Address to
those feelings which must necessarily belong to inde-
rendent Powers. In questions of international ar-
rangements, a moderate tone of remonstrance would
always effect more than strong and violent language.'
lie had no hesitation in saying that he partook in the
common feeling expressed by hii Hon. Friend with
;egard to the conduct of France and America. He
particularly went along with his Hon. Friend upon'
that most important pnnciple of a modified right of
search. Nothing but a common effort of this nature
could stop the Slave Trade; .and there were no
inc3ns of obtaining such a measure but by.a com-
Llon consent to regulate the general right of search.
It gas in vain to conceal from themselves the truth
that all their own efforts were of no use without the
concurrence of those two great Powers, France and
America. The latter -Government certainly possessed
great advantages over the former in her means of
abolishing the Slave Trade. The American Govern-
ment had the whole mass of population upon its back
in any steps it might take upon the question, for the
People of America were favourable to the question of
abolition. But in the remonstrances to be made to
America, there should be nothing to affect the dig-
n:t' of her Government. and nothing bus what would
le., • 'ler in a situation to claim the merit of what
slue 1..,,.it hereafter do in these matters. There was
no Government more naturally jealous of its mari-
time rights than the British Government, yet it was
ready to make sacrifices in concurrence with those of
other countries for any regulations which might
farther this great object. He agreed with his Hon.
Friend in the view he had taken of the conduct of
Dance. There was, unquestionably, a great desire on
the part of the Government of that country to get rid
d the traffic ; but they were deterred by apparent
obstacles in the frame of their Government, and in the
con,titution of their Representative Assemblies. As
long, however, as the present practices remained in
force, there would be a reproach to the .name of
France. He hoped they would feel themselves called
upon as a great people to make strong laws, whose
penalties "should be adequate to the suppression of the
trade. He saw no just reason why France should be
jealous of her maritime rights when nothing more
was expectedfrom her than we were ready to yield up.
Ile concurred in the general views of the Honourable
mover, and was not disposed to quarrel with the par-
ticular application of them in the present instance.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH freely admitted that
no blame was to be attributed to the Noble Marquis
or his colleagues, who, he believed, had exerted them-
selves to the utmost in endeavouring to abolish this
infamous traffic. It might be proper to observe the
courteous forms of diplomacy, in applying to other
nations on the subject; but whether the Members of
that House were therefore to restrain the expression
of their opinion upon it, was a very different ques-
tion. For his own part, if he found that other na-
tions, after-professing the strongest desire to abolish
this traffic, persisted in their encouragement of it, he
would feel no hesitation in saying that they were, in
the face of, the world, convicted of a disregard of
every feeling of humanity. The various foreign na-
tions in this respect might, he thought, for the pur-
po,e of examining their conduct, be divided into
classes ; except Portugal, indeed, which stood en-
tirely by itself. Portugal had almost bid us defi-
ance ; her conduct had been uniform, notwithstand-
ing tae change in her Government. She had made'
Monarchy execrable; and now she appeared to ex-
press a desire to atone to Monarchy, by bringing
odium on a popular Government. The conduct of
of Spain he viewed with some regret; but be in-
dulged a hope that she would put her grand inten-
tions into effect. The United States, he believed, were
backward on account of our insisting upon the right
of search; but he trusted they would not suffer any
little national jealousy to interfere with so laudable a
subject as the present, or be misled by the term
" right of search," which in this instance could have
no reference to the long-agitated maritime question.
He could not, however, agree to couple the conduct
of America with that of trance. The United States
had expressly, by law, forbidden the trade, while
France carried it on most extensively. Indeed, the
House had, no doubt, heard ot the.atrocities disclosed
iu the cases of the two French ships, Le Jeune Estelle
and Le Rondeur. Still he must admit that France
bad paid humanity the homage of hypocrisy ; but a
new Administration had been formed, which avowed
a determination not to extend the present laws for the
abolition. Yet the men composing this Administra-
tion were the men loudest in their profession's of zeal
for the Christian religion, and of admiration for roy-
alty. They had called the solemn treaties of France
anti-national, and had declared their present legis-
lation on the subject to be quite sufficient for the
object. He had no hope but in the fearless appeals
which could be made through that House. Russia,'
too, at the Congress of 1815, bad been profuse in her
expressions of condemnation of the traffic, and had
recommended that the colonial produce of those
countries which continued the traffic should be ex-
cluded from the countries which did abolish it. Yet,
four years afterwards, Russia imposed a tariff which
I had the effect of excluding the produce of those that
had abolished, and admitting that of those whicb had
not abolished this scandalous trade; thus, in fact,
giving a premium for a continuance of the trade.—
The advisers of the Emperor of Russia, on this occa-
tion, ‘seie, no doubt, the persons who had set the
I loly Alliance on loot, and thus mixed up falsehood
and the encouragement of barbarity with their notions
of Christianity. He should always raise his voice to
assist in calling these powerful csitninals before the
bar of European public opinion—ll/ear, hear).
Mr. M Alt muff thought nothing effectual could
be done towards accomplishing our object, unless we
gave protection to our own colonies.
Dr. LUSHINGTON said, be had no doubt that;

the Noble/Marquis had beard of the ,capture, by the
English ship Pheasant, of a Portuguese vessel. The
English Master put a Midshipman and eight other
persons into thi Vessel. The• Portuguese Master, 4n
a few days,•fell upon the English Midshipman and
his sailors, and murdered seven of them. This atro-
city was discovered by a black sailor, who was one
of the survivors. He mentioned this to shew by what
villains the Portuguese Government carried on their
nefarious traffic.' He hoped the Noble Marquis would
insist on haniagalse ruffian brought to justice. The
Hon. and -Learned Gentleman here read a letter,
giving the particitilars of an extensive traffic in Slaves
at a Portuguese colony, under the sanction of the
Governor. The Portuguese Government had ex-
pressly engaged by treaty to abolish the traffic, and
he therefore should protest against advancing another
shilling for the purpose of bribing them to Justice.
Mr. BERNAL said, that under the present prac-
tice, it was almost impossible to detect the Portuguese
and Spanish dealers. He did not impute any blame
to his Majesty's Government, but he felt it to be diU
ficult as well as mortifying to preserve a tone of mo-
deration under the treatment we had received from
the Governments of Spain and Portugal.
Mr. BARHAM feared the traffic would not be alto-
lisped by either Spain, Portugal, France, or Holland,
while the present system continued. He believed it
had caused the irreparable ruin of our own colonies.
It was useless to attempt to abolish the Slave Trade
by the English colonists, without making safe ar-
rangements with foreign countries.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY explained. It'
was.unfortunately truethat our endeavours to abolish
the trade had injured our own colonies, and driven
the trade, under circumstances of increased ag.grava-
tion, into the.hands of foreign adventurers. His Ma-
jesty's Government were placed in a situation of great
pain and difficulty : but he believed their zeal was
undoubted-s-(Hear). He feared the language of the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Sir J. Mackintosh)
would tend to weaken the poorer of Government, and'
embarrass Weir exertions.
Mr. W. SMITH denied that the language of his
Hon. and Learned Friend had been at all misapplied.
The motion was' then agreed to.
rstsunitacvlos ACT.
Mr. GOULBURN postponed, until Tuesday ;text,
his motion on this subject.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT thought the House ought
not to separate, that night without calling for some
communication from Government respecting the state
of Ireland. He beseeched the House to call for an
official statement on the subject. All the accounts he
had received himself were of the most appalling
nature. In one parish, fifteen persons had actually
perished from want of food !—(Hear, hear).—Eight
individuals in the same parish had been declared past
recovery ! and 120 persons were at this moment lying
in a malignant fever, generated from the same bane-
ful cause !—(Hear, hear).—He heard from an Hon.
Friend of his, who represented one of the counties in
Ireland where distress was most prevalent, that in
one parish, sharing off all the money that could be
collected in five days, it only furnished food for two
days, and that many unfortunate individuals were
prepared far death by the parochial Clergyman, ac-
cording to the rites of their Church—(Hear,hear).—
The humanity of England had never been appealed
to in vain, and he hoped that the House would influ-
ence the Government to apply some means to alle-
viate the miseries which existed to such an alarming
exteas in that unhappy country—(Hear, hear).
Mr. GOULBURN assured the House he felt as
deeply on this subject as the Right Hon. Baronet.
He felt it the more, because there was a considerable
extent of misery which it was not in the power of
man to relieve. This applied particularly to the dis-
tricts alluded to by the Right Hon. Baronet. He
had received accounts partly confirmatory of the
statement of the Right Hon Baronet, and he had
thought it his duty to procure the immediate ship-
ment of a quantity of provisions. Biscuit had been
preferred on account of its combining nutriment
with portability. Everything within the power of
Government was doing. The Lord Lieutenant, in
addition, had £lOO,OOO at his disposal, in consequence
of the kind vote of the House the other evening for
the employment of the poor. He trusted it would
not be thought necessary for him to enlarge upon the
painful subject.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD did not rise to extend the
discussion, but to bear testimony to the statement of
his Right Hon. Friend, that everything had been dune
to relieve that part of the country which endured the
most suffering. At a time when English charity was
so bountiful, he was really surprised to hear several
Members doubt the existence of the distress. He had
just received a letter from a most respectable Parish
Priest, exhibiting true pastoral concern for his flock,,
and disclosing a most affecting scene of distress. The',
Right lion. Gentleman read the letter, from which it
appeared that the writer, in the act of distributing
relief to the sufferers, found himself so pressed by the
wretched applicants, that he was forced to get into a
boat, and, at some distance from the bank, write
tickets for provisions to be supplied to the heads of
families. Whilst in that situation, many half-famished
persons dashed into the water, swam to the boat, and
carried back tickets in their mouths to their starving
families ! He wished the course taken by. his Right
Hon. Friend might be as successful as his feeling
heart could desire. His hope was that relief might
not be too late. There was one act, which exalted'
the humanity and policy of his Right Hon. Friend.
A sum had been issued from the Treasury, to enable
the unfortunate persons to pay taxes, and it was un-
necessary to go about the country, in its present un-
happy state, -to make the usual collection.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, it was not a question
of fifty or £lOO,OOO, but whatever was necessary
should be granted—(Hear). They must not call it
generosity : it was the common duty in this dreadful
emergency to relieve the people of Ireland as far as
possible, and whatever was necessary should be
granted freely.
Mr. H. SUMNER said, the object pf the Govern-
ment and the country must be to relieve the people
of Ireland, and be thought the only way which would
become the Houge would be to address the Crown,
praying that that object should be accomplished at
whatever price—(Hear). .
Mr. BROUGHAM merely, wished to say one
word in confirmation of the principle of his Honour-'
able Friend (Mr. Wilberforce). We must not con-
. sider thii an act of generosity or humanity, but it)

.

nowise. *uakwe•caii it charity. It was our bounden
duty, and the people of Ireland should not receive it
as charity, but aitbeir. strict right—(Hear, hear).
Mr.' PEEL said, that in proposing 50,0001. or
100,0001. it could not have been the intention to stop
there ; but it was considered the must convenient
course to vote the money in different sums while Par-
Hameln was sitting.—The discussion then dropped.

MISCULLANZOI,III.
Mr. NOLAN postponed his motion on the Bill to amend the
Poor Laws to Wednesday, 10th July.
Mr. LEN NA RD also postponed his motion on the Seditious
Meetings' Act and the libels. Act until the 17th July.
Mr. WILBERFORCE rose on the Order for further canal-
deratios of the Report of the Slave Trade Acts Consolidation
Bill, and expressed some reluctance to proceed upon it.
Dr. Lusa' NGTON was willing to sacrifice his own opinion
to the advocates of the Slave Trade abolition, And not press the
Bill, which he finally withdrew.
Mr. WILMOT gave notice of his intention to move, on the
9th July, an bumble Address to his Majesty, praying that Com-
missioners may be appointed to inquire into the state of-the
Mauritius, the Cape of Good Hope, and also the Colonies of the
Leeward Islands.

Mr. HUME suggested that Trinidad might be added with
great benefit to the Public.
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, and the House
adjourned at a QUARTZ& to TWILTZ o'Clock.

MAJORITY AND MINORITY

AGAINST ♦ND TOIL A COMAITTIE TO 'SQUINT INTO TNT CONDUCT OT

TIII LORD ADVOCATE 07 ICOTLADO-JUDI 25.
K,* The first fifty-eight have places under Goven
M AJORITT.

Arbuthnot,Rt.Hn.C. Goulburn,lit:lion. Ommaney, Sir F. M.
lieresford, Lord G. H. Osborne, Sir J.
Binning, Lord Gifford, Sir R. Palmerston,Visc.
Bathurst, Hon. T. S. Grant, A. C. Peel, Right Hon. R.
Brogden, J. Huskisson, Rt. Hon. Phililmore, Dr.
Burgh, Sir U. W. Phipps, Hon. Rd.
Cr' +ckburne, Sir G. Hope, Sir W. i. Plunkett, Rt. Hn.W.
Calvert, John Milord, G. P. Paget, Hon. B.
Copley, Sir J. S. 11111, Rt. Hun. Sir G. Robinson, Rt. Hn. F.
Canning, Rt. lin. G. Holmes, W. Somerset, Lord G. .
Clerk. Sir G. Knox, Hon. Thos. Villiers, Right lion.
Congreve, Sir W. Lowther, Viscount J. C.
Courtenay, T. P. Lovable, Lord Vansittart, Rt. lion.
Croker, J. W. Long, Rt. Hn. Sir C. Nicholas'
Campbell, Arcb. Londonderry, Mar- Wallace, Rt. Tin. T.
Cranbourne, Lord quis of Wilmot, R.
Drummond, H. H. Lindsay, Hon. H. Warren, C.
Douglas, W. R. K. Lewis, T. F. Warrender, 5k G.
Dundas, Rt. 'ln. W. Martin, Sir T. B. Ward, R.
Fremantle, W. blacnaghton, R. A. Wellesley, R.
Graves, Lord Manners, Lord C. Wynn, C. W. •

Alexander, J. Daly, J. Pears, John
A ttwood, M. Drummond, J. 'Penraddocke, J. H.
Blair, .1. Don, Sir A. . Rice, Hon. G.
Bastard, E. P. Egerton, W. Roger., E.
Bastard, John Forbes, C. Smith, Christopher
Bankes, Henry Forrester, F. Skeffington,Rt. Hn. J.
Bankes, George Gilbert, D. G. Sandon, Viscount
Belfast, Earl of Houldsworth, T. Stewart. Alexander
Brudenell, Lord Hotham, Lord Sneyd, N.
Bruce, Robert Hardinge, Sir H. Townahend, Hon. H.
Browne, Peter Heber, Richard Twiss, Horace
Cust, Hon. E. Kerr, D. Taylor, G. W.
Cust, Hon. P. Lowther, John Thompson,W.
Claughton, T. Lucy, George Ure, M.
Cartwright, R. W. Martin, R. Wood, Col.
Clive, Henry Manners, Lord R. Wodehouse, Hon. J.
Curteis, E. J. Musgrave, Sir P. Wodehouse, F.
Cooper, R. B. Nolan, M. Wynn, Sir W. W.
Chandos, 'Marquis of Nightingale, Sir M. Wilson, T.
Douglas, J. Plumber, John Wilson, W. W. C.
Divan, T. Pringle, Sir W. Wernyss, J.
Total Majority, 121.

MINORITY.
Allen, J. 11. Grenfell, Pascoe Palmer, C. Fysche
Althorpe, Viscount Griffiths, J. W. Phillips, G. jun.
Baring, A. Glenorchy, Lord Powlett, lion. W.
Baring, H. Guise, Sir W. Puke, It.
Barnard, Viscount Gurney, Hudson Prittie, lion. F. A.
Bennet, lion. H. G. Gasket!, Benjamin Robinson, Sir G.
Bernal, Ralph Hamilton, Lord A. Rice, T. S.
Brougham, Henry Hobhouse, J. C. iticardo, David
Butterworth, J. Maywood, W. P. Rowley, Sir William
Benett, J. Hume, Joseph Robarts, George
Bentinck, Lord W. Hutchinson, Hon. Robarts, A. W.
Buxton, T. F. C. 11. Rumbald, C.
Caicraft, John James, W. Russell, Lord John
Ca'croft, J. H. Jervoise, G. P. Scarlett, J.
Calvert, C. Kennedy, T. F. Sefton, Lord
Cavendish, Henry Lamb, Hon. G. Smith, John
Cavendish, Charles Lam Won, J. G. Smith, William
Coke, T. W. Lemon, Sir W. Smith, S.
Colburne, N. R. Lloyd, Sir E. Smith, George
Crompton, Samuel Lennard, T. B. Stuart, Lord J.
Creevey, T. Lusbington, S. Tavistock, Marquis
Calthorpe, Hon. F. Leycester, Ralph Taylor, M. A.
Davies, T. H. Lockhart, J. J. Tierney, Rt. Din. G.
Denman, Thomas Moberly, John Ticbfield, Marquis
Dundas, Hon. T. Macdonald,J. Tulk, C. A.
Duncanuon,Viscount Mackintosh, Sir J. Western, C. C.
Denison, W. J. Martin, John Whitbread, S. C.
Ebrington, Viscount Maxwell, John Williams, John •
Ellis, Hon. G. A. Milbank, M. Wilson, Sir Robert
Fergusson, Sir R. C. Monck, J. U. Wood, Alderman
Fitzgerald, Lord W. Mostyn, Sir T. Williams, William
Fitzroy, Lord. C. Newport, Sir J. mums.
Folkestone, Viscount Nugent, Lord Abercromby, Hu. J.
Grattan, J. Normanby, Lord Grant, J. P.
Total Minority, 100.

The following useful Works have been lately pub-
lished by Messrs. CotsuaN and Co.
1. The HISTORY of CULTIVATED VEGETABLES, comprising their
Botanical, Medicinal, Edible, and Chemical Qualities; Natural
History, and relation to Art, Science, and Commerce. By Henry
Phillips, Author of the Pontarium Britannicum. The Second
Edition, in 2 vols. Bvo. 215.-2. The FLontor's MANUAL; or,
Hints for the Construction of a gay Flower Garden: a new and
enlarged Edition, with coloured Plates, 6d.-3. PRACTICAL
ECONOMY ; or, the Application of Modern Discoveries to the
Purposes of I;emestic Life : Second Edition, with a copious In-
dex, 7s. 6d.-4. The ART of EMPLOYING Time to the greatest
Advantage; the true Source of Happiness, svo. 9s. 6d.-5. A
new and improved Edition of Sir ARTHUR CLARKE'S Essay on
BATHING, ss. 6d.-6. The MOTHER'S MEDICAL ASSISTANT, by the
same Author, 4s. 6d.—And, 7. -A DICTIONARY of FRENCH Ho-
monyms; or, a New Guide to the Peculiarities of the French
Language: particularly designed for those who are desirous of
acquiring the Language of social interoourse. By D. Boileau,
Svo. 9s. 6d.
The ensuing Number of the Liter. ary Gazelle, on
Saturday, the 29th June, No. 2SI, concludes the
Second Quarter of that Publication for the Year 1222, and will
contain Reviews, with copious Extracts, of Halidon Hill, a Drama,
by Sir Walter Scott ; a highly interesting Conversation between
Buorrapazte and Mr. Vivian, from a Work by that Gentleman;
the curious Auto-biography of Artemi, an Armenian ; Sir Ro-
bert Porter's Travels, to which is added an Original Letter
from Mr. Rich, the last he wrote to M. Silvestri de =ea,ar
replete with important Information respecting C
Burckhardt's Travels, Notices of Tiberias and other Places
tinguished in Sacred flistory • Dagley's Drawing, &C. &c.—
Ortzinal Currespuntknee—On Landon New Stree. In Science—
Account of a recent Fall of /Et olites at Angers; two new
Comets; Criticisths on Exhibitions in the Fine Arts; Original
Poetry, by popular Authors. Sketches of Society—The Week
of a Lady of Fashion: Description or the Veil of Mary
Queen of Scots, preserved as a Relic by the Jesuits, when they
" sainted Maria Stuart."—Dramatic Critiques.—Miscellanies in
Literature, and Light Reading; Schegel's Improvements in,
fianscrit.--..imusing Anecdotes of Turkish Polities, Mandrakes,
Arabs cheating the Devil, &c. &c.
The Quarterly Part, thus concluded, and consisting of thirteen
similar Numbers, will be ready fur Delivery next Week; and
we are happy to announce the Recommencement of the popular
Papers entitled Wine and Walnuts, in No. 285.
Any Part or Number may be had separate.
Published at the °lice 362. (Exeter Change), Strand, Lon-
don; and to be hid of all Booksellers, NowsnAn, and Pcies-
iagglasa, Orosigtoest the Kindspan.
