FRENCH PAPERS.

SEIrI'EMBER so. .
The opt.rati.ms of the District Colleges' an_ to
mated.- The greater part of their Elections Ettl
published prove that these assemblies welt know the
interes't; of France, and wished to respond to the
King's intentions. They'have nominated in general
mea strangers to all-party spirit, to every turbulent
pretension, and disposed, both by their situation and
their opinions, to defend against every attack our exit •
nog insinttions, the royal authority, and the gte.it
natifinal interests. Not; however; but that the fac•
tines have attempted to renew their accustomed ma-
tneTVM.S. Not having it in their power to reunt.,to
viaience, they have played off in certaia places ab.
scum and Indirect tricks ; endeavouring' to mislead
the electors .to the opinions and designs of the
men propoce.i to choice; extorting by ;wpm" tn.
easy a vote through romp:A-halve ; circulating ready
made lists, anlpressing heir adfiption by sayaig that
tiley are nominations Agleta up en at a public :nett-
ing ; spreading doubts as to the real intention and
desires' of the Kin.;.;affirmg• that they are better '
intcrmi.:4l thins any other persons as to what lie nishes
and suits him. Suet ate the means by which
the spirit of patty hopes still to make sobte dupes,.
acid to regain inoie eainire. The Government has'
nepised, ar.d wilt continue to oppose, to these insis
diens arts the &min:as of its acts, and CM frankness
GI its lan/nage: there are few district colleges where,
slits:: ors hive lead any Fumes*: it is no a- the, hurl-.
ness of the dentatrnentst colleges to guard against
thetn.• It is seldom in teed to real suppimic y, in pesint
of neTnit:TS arfutcr, that the factions Sire for
a tritirep.; ; it it's:lily to the negligence... the inacti-
wily. or :ItTivraat of concert of volt citizens: At one
(tete exist critical "tomtits of one revolistioo, one.
4 the punt violent stgitftiers of the corn:nu:riot Paris
etelted one day at seeing die saws fall in torrents,—
•E%:inetlt weather," said lee ; « honest people will
crime." Full of confidence its the goodatss of
.their cause and the rectitude of their intentions, little
disposed to believe its the power of intr-gue, and ill
taleislated to manage its arms, even those of them
whit. exempt horn effetroacy or thoughtlessness,
siiit_srfreitthey leave a public einty to perform, either
Intigtie or bad wtothet, rarely take sotficiect care to
tt,Untericr their adversaries; the diskast which thy
fc...1 at every thitrA reawattlieg a cuzatisif onunnuvrt
Or:mats theiss from utt;dtig end acting us concert.—
• mithing, is meue Int non tat Its thrtefilitti than for the
erne tricods sf thie Kieig.alid of France act to march
itssulared towards ifs • object which they equally de.
sire to -attain, Scc.
pA vim Ocroava.l.•
The Seated Council of War is • *bout to try a
Close of great iuterett. A Csiostel, e 4-110 was con-
-dustier,' to stetth.'at Warsaw, for . secret
• intrigues doting tae (iCettt
i of Pointsf by the
leettitle armies, but e.F..7ai &nt from she want humors
of the sioce2nre. has coos:ititted hicrseh a ptioatwr.
iu ird,r to pings: the eontumacy.
. Tide E 1..% atnesinied M. de PrAy.• Manlier of
tare; 11.0).; Academy of jounces.. Esasniner of the
Pristranuc School. in the woos of M. Legeadre,
resigned.
- The Atal :rate, Captain. (COM NMltel. Was;
then by SA armedirei,bettle::liostginig to ['edam,
wl o g-terns at P,vt-au-Prince; its the !bland of S.
Danni.go. As soon as site arrived •in that port,
Petion gaveiorZlers to rele.se her iaitaitediately. and
to :dew her to proofed no her Voyage. The band:
(ruse manner in which die passengers were received
by (*aato), made some of thtsta remain hat the island,
wharf leg" are uric treated.
Gondar vf,ernoon, a gentleman riding a sp:rite,'
hireie rode cater ciao Ladies, &ad one Auger, and
Mad. ktf e IS aoclut, a -beautiful gift of about
18. I%.ey were ti:ht taken to' the Cafe ilardi, and
lons thence to the boopeci Madlsne Anger., bind&l
cal 31Wsistance was cailsi-d in. vig/ we .ire
to Ow the wound whit* Mademoiselle Bat:chit.
bat :ecciv,4l in her scull, is of • the ,is.st dangerous
Ss. Myr. 'Lim Police ale moki lig the avast active c:atich
aff:t Ces pe:sen who was the cause 01 elan accident.
I.etters trips Leghorn oration, that the iLerhysy
pier Les ee.istinue thair deprealaticus in the N.ltsLacre
LOU Alas i .eeiugen sued a 5.424.1iei la lit WWI f 0 close,
that (cc cee 4, 40 4vosti ibia% et y or .septa, *est :arced
to ab ozeclou the *jails, and s.tce act:4444,es iu the boat.
Tire pq,tcs Usk posses,:icul of
,the vessel. but as
brig coming up. they abandoned her, and
"tarn try dint rowing. :le ship teas been happity
tecosered by the owners.

r

CIVI TA VE.Celif.A, SEPTEMBER It.
Tie tier's C 4 Lord Eintoudt's victory over the
:rates 1 Algiers has caused•the.. most lively joy in
tiAii c ill.. The English Consul thought it his duty to
celco4- Ate it in the most becoming manner: ke gave an
chi; Vete, to which were invited all the other Om-
sols in die city, who participated in the public joy
on &els neemeasble occa&o:. The sentiments of gra.'
taw& mete hot. ever damped trhten the Treaty was
kite Ali, because England tl:ertby acknowledg,:s the
highs of the Dey of Algiers to ntake war and cap-1
SCire (MT ship; they may froniise not to make slaves,
bue.prisoners bt war, the same as is practised by
Peit!c•i,. but we ail knave how mach their
promiies are illusory and, develving„ and what is still
wore disagreeable, that this Treaty destroys all ma-
. tit; me independence with regard to the italian States,
sr4 tile power they had to place themselves under
3%iiiish protection ; all these advantages are done
away—we cannot protect ourselves. We shall hence-
heeili be Alleged to w
anthro ourselves tin thine et-otec•
tiati, as oar only refuge d salegnatd. •
• , MADRID. SEPTEMbEV. t 7.
The Court daily receives news of the Queen and
of the Infanta tier sister. Ott the I Ith in the. itir.rn-
tog they t.ft Cadiz. Fad reached. Xeres the same eve.
ni,lig. The dithculty at. procuring the requisite num-
ber a eotrioges prolongs their stay in Andalusia.—
llhey midi active at Aranjue z on the 21st, where they
be feie:ye,t by Veidinaud, who accompanies them
to the capitol.
We unit,/ stand that this epoch will be signalized.'
by an act e,!f clemency to those who have been the
victims of [evolutions be Spain. There is no longer
any.d.tibt of a getter4l amnesty,- with very few ea-
copti -am This topic is so isteresting, that it moil_
sively engages the public attentior.
our Liazette announces the death of the Duchess

GHENT, SEPTEltirlt et.
The o.4f7ti Joyrnal contains today the following:
We leant from Ondenarde, that within the last
wttt the small garrison of that town has lost fourteen
men by desertion, .Is it owing to the fear of blows
with the cane. a disgraceful punishment which de-
grades the soldier, and is for ever irreconcileable with
hopour, the principle and aliment of military glory ?
la it aseri'aable to deficiency of nowishment ? Ct is.
high time to investigate the -Cause of in fatal an evil.
The Beigi.in. Oloseroer ascribes this desertion to minis-
terial isults and acts of injustice. He expresses him.
self as fAlows:
• sr We place in the first rank the establishment of
.Cadets, which, by shutting to :writ destitute of Mo..
ney and parchments the road to, honours and ad-
vancement, discourages the soldier, gives bim a dis-
like to his profession, and degrades bon in the eyes
of the public. Wherevee such in institution exists,;
we no longer see in the military, on the one hand,
any thing but a-band of mercenaries; and, on the
other, officers by favour, who devour the State, and'
usurp placer to the injury of the supporters of the
Country. In a kingdom where the Charter invites i
all the inhabitants withoot distinction to public lump::
(inns. the maintenance of a corps of -Cadets is un.:l
constituti'ltal.
.4' The Belgian vish:s to be commanded by his
conntrynssn ; but when, thcai my war reairgatrized,
officers drawn from the old Dutch army were intro.'
diced into all the craps, while no Belgian has pasved
into the old Dacia regimeets. Partiality his even'
been carried to such extent, that :liens to the king-
dom—Swiss, Germans, &c.--have been preferred .to
Belgians: the cause of this preference is, easily di-,
vines': the Belgian knows better how to fight than
to intrigue in the public offices, and hence a new
reason for discontent and murmurs.
fa The Dutch language is a third grievance to the'
Belgian officer and soldier. Consider the matter as
poi will. it must always be obvious that that jargon
' is an insurnruntahle obstacle to their promotion. and
perpetual object of their disgust and
' What tali our High Mightitiesses promise themselves
from a warrior who should have the haeurss to rt.
ilt.lls)Ce his mother tongue, and consent to his pro.
•;crtirtiell Lit his own country, in ex:hange for a brevet,
and who should receive, with the religious reipect of
an inhabitant of Thin.. honoured with die satchels
of the Dalai Lama, the grAtalMatiCA,SCrApS of X
nista. I:1111h cave of desertion lies in those
Gothic regulation's, in those barbarous and degrading
punishments. to which it is endeavoured to subject
the soidkrs. The cane revolts the Belgian as much
as the nem:man : littt Ministers who are strait.
.ters,to the litigtlont co lei beignorant of this.
el Those punishments are not only degrading to
the • soldier on whom they are inflicted. but the dis-
grace is reflected on the otlicer who presides at them,
and it does so in this way : he is aware that the sel:
diets trust feel repugnmice to executing upon their
cowireefes the work 4•E" hangmen. and that, if they
cherish no perilous' animosity against the sufferer.
pity and a very Laudable sentiment of hnnutoite lead
them to mitigate the stripes. . What a humiliating
task doessea this kind of ponishmeAt in on the
officer, where the infliction canuot take place by a
species of mechanism ? Such are the causes which
foment desertion : let them be put an end to. and se
duction will on lot:ger find victims among out na-
tural troops."
•

FRIDAY, OCTOBER ik 1816. •
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AvrwEINE O'CLOCK
Reiliteed slttn—Cook mo. 61 i—Cone. for arc 6rft
4 per Ctnt. elaut—S per Cent. Navy 931
India Donde St. 61. pi e.—krchequer Ruts, par Se. pee.

We announced yesterday, in part of Or. impres-
sion, the arrival of the Moniteurs of Saturday, Stiriday,
and M, allay. This morning we received those of

Tuesday.
The Elections constitute the piincipal feature of
domestic intelligence in these Journals.. It will be
seen by the extraet which we have given from the
Mouiteur of Monday on this subject, 'that the returns
are favourable to the Constitutional party. The
Ultra Royalists, it is known, hid employed every
etrott to influence the Electoral Colleges. It was
ptiocipally with dos view that CIIATICAUBIIIANDeS
p.:Mpilltt was published, thousands of which. were
sinuggleJ into the departments in spite of the order
for its suppression. but the Ministry has triumphed so
far in spite of the as,iduity of this Quack and time-
server, in spite of the Labours of >Y/Era scribes in France
and in England, who, in contempt of the intellects of
their readers, haS•e, attempted to prove that a disre-
gard of every social and legal compact is the best
way to promote virtue, peace, and uvula), ; chat the
murderers of the Protestants in the South were honest
loyalists. who exercised legitimate vengeance tip.m.
the adherents of Bormeanre ; and the major:ty'of
the last Chamber, after they had giveti niultiplied
proofs of their intention to oust two millions of. Pro-
prietors r,f their proeeity, the wisest and most honest
men, that have legislated for France in our time.
It is said by way of encase for the abominable
doctrines that are daily advanced oa the subject of
France. that she has made experiment upon esperi-
ment fur the list five:and.twer•ty yews ineffectually
to give herself lo,oel institutions; andthence the in.
ference is dot rot that the French nation have not the
qualities requisite or the tujoysnent of liberty. A
ductritie, which is an outrage opoa human nature.
and an attack upon the moral ocossomy of OK world,
we shallngt stoop to rrfute ; but let any one cons:id r
the long and sanguinary efforts which this coon ry
war obliged to make. from the com mescement of the
Civil War till the Revolution in 1688, not to mention
previous exertions ; and he will lee no unpile that
France still labours under the throes which precede
the birth of a weadifinel and tutelary government.
—These men. who would consign France to the most
grinding tyranny, assure us that their labours have
no other object but she promotion of sornrilliry,
order, and refisiss. What do they mean by that
tranquillity, which is euforced by bayonets, or by
that order under which a fen are absolute masters of
the many ? Is the cause of Christianity advanced
by the moral turpitude or slavery of .a people ? flow
dare they then affirm, alter having lent themselves
to tie views of a party. who *e noteriossly trying to
restore the abominable abuses of the old government.
that Aro are supporting the sacred principle; of jus-
tice and piety ! Is it just to convert France into elate
slaughter house or Bastile. for without a sweeping
measure of the kind, the Ultra-Royalists 'cannot
succeed ?
Is it a-service acceptable to Heavel, to make nine-
tenths of the French nation outcasts itt their country,
and slaves of the other tenth ? Yet such are the doe.
taints which are promulgated every day ; and one
would almost suspect that "they are done so.experl.
mentally, to see what effect the propagation of them
might have upon the feelings of the British nation.
One would reallysuspect these waiters of the infamous
and treasonable design of labouring, tteder the -plea
of legislating for France, to undermine here the cause
erf constitutional liberty. It is certainly strange, that
they should so obstinately reccmmend doctrines for
one country, which have been long rejected as perni-
cites in their own; and that they should so violently
eulogise a political party, who, in England. would be
frosecuted as incendiaries, or punished as traitors.
The French still vest their spleen *against us for
our successful attack upon A,lgiirs. Under the
feigned title of letters front-various pants of the Ita-
lian coast, they give.tut tliat the Pirates are still
hovering in the lifediterraoean, making ca ptures : all
this is evidently false, and it is easy to discover the
cause of their vexation. They hate us because we
till mait:tain the superiority of the seas, mid because
we have added to their chagrin by taking the petty
Italiati*States under the protection of our Navy.
The 111min:if contains a letter from a M. Boexe
CAII/lERE, who stat.s. that in the year 1785, he was
at Caking'. when the celebfated HUGH Bova (then
no a visit to Sir Joust irllfFstens o, in whose house
M. BoNNit CARRIMIC .lived) coafessed to M.•lkiesis
in conkJence. *lei. be (BOYD) was the
author of the Letters-a-Janus.

•
••11•.=•••%••••1••

Her Grace the Duchess of WELLINGTON embarked
yestveday on board the King George packet at Dover
for Calais, WilegAle :lie- will proceed to join her ilhts.
.rious husband, who is now on -a tour of inspection
on the frontiers of France occupied by the allied troops.
Mr. CAVING also embarked yesterday at D. mer
on bOard the Lord Diaeon picket, 'and Froceeded
Ith other passengers for

T k R

: The Duke of WELLINOTOM on the (2%
,yiewed, near Comcrcy, 6.oth) I'rustian t;0„
lind foot, and was afterwards ennataine,
Anagnificent banquet at the town•hons-.
" The Grand Its View of- the Algid Troops
environs Of Cambray, in France, win. dace
instant the Duke of IVELLINovs,4 has fermi
inspection (it the Austrian and Piti...ian Cc.
The English cay.,l:y regiments whioi new
vt Hines and St.Omcr, wilt pro-eed to Cam°
present at the GrJnsi Review.
LEAVE OF MSENCF..

The Commander-in-Chief has been plim
prove of General Office's, commanding
granting Leave of Absence to Officers, and
to Non.eommissioned.Officers and Soldiers,
following limitations and restrictions :
e.'fbe Leaves ofiAbienee granted, otritr this oree-
-1
ittelfte on the 16th instant, and are to t, emulate
March next, when, lie Cowart:lit), to hi; 7:l,:j.:sry*,
all °Meer.: and Eisen are to be pr• Sent veith their
g;ments. In Vie event of Regiments or flaiti.lo,,,
none not comprised Inmllititty dist r:cts, the ryti,:eri
are at liberty to.use their d:scretion in graining th:!.
I.easse of Alry:nee, under till, uric tes:rictiiim,
and mea under their .ciromantl
" One Field Oficer, .one-half of the Carains,
the. Nuhah.eru (JfEcers, are always to be

timentt. • •
" rho oificert except in the p...rferrnioce of di
purpose 0! joMiN; his Rez,intent ix to qu't 171,
without havi.l6 received special periuksim fro:
Regent*.
" The Officers etri.loyed on the ite.-ruit!^.7
the Suff of the ATtr, not to be ierbt4A in
hereby fixed for the cu.:rant duty of R. corset."
,The applicy.oos fur Leavyf tieginternil
Medical Officers, are to contiime • :o.le mate
scribed in pages 52 apd 53 of the e;er.eral
Army.
" in case of abort I.elves of Absence helot; re:
jutatits, litchng Masters, or Veterinary Surgeons
ft w lt,he necessary that a special report be mute
in which their duties are to be rertormett
" The proporion of Non contmissioned Officers,
Drummers, and Private Men,to whom
are not to exceed ten yer or Company:
" • I his ord r does tout apply to she Officers a td
at Dere*. of Retimente on foreign seesit.f.
'I By teen: mutt to: 11,.s Royal ilighQess the
Chief. (::i‘ned) " 11. C.st.ves-r, Adiatut4

NAVAL INIELLIGENC,

F.U.MOUTti. OCTOBER I.
Arrived the Swedit.li sloop Coaveroi,
Amsterdam for C-atliz, leaky, and must
PLYMOUTH, OCTOBER '.
Came in 11:4 F.tme. Rem Nt, from Q
rdays—has some of her sails oplit ; and
lititts,, from Jamtica,.in nine waits.
gate (name unknown) is come to anchor
Bay„ with a quarantine fl tg flying, so
the Mediterranean.
PonTsMoUTII, OCTOI3ER
Arrived the Ellrabeth, from
Demerara.- Failed bs Niajcu:y's shq)
.cruize.—Wind S:W. •
DE .‘L, OCTOBER s.
' Sailed this morning .the whole of
'bound. for Omit different destinations.
from.the itiver'and sailed, the George,
Betbice. Arrived and remains in the
Flora. Cuiez., from the tkiediterraneal
tricshail.—Wind Dl. E.
HARWICH, OCTOBERS.
Arrived the Jape r,:ieitet from GL
landed her mail at Vermouth. Came
of Sunderland, sithloss bowsprit ,
Briton, of Scarbrough, from SiinderLAm
bowsprit. Sailed ti eCastlereagh vicki
and Earl Leicester packet for Cuthsi
mails. Wind North..
RAMiGATE. OCTOBER
The wind having come round tair tl
vessels bound to the westward, a gre,
lot to sea, leaving us almost a clear harty
.DOVERcOCTOUER 3.
We esperiencqd a hard gale pester(

S.W. which prevented the Lord a
Captain HAMILTON, from taking on b►h:rJ
NINO, as was intended, for Calaig, a&
the gale in the afternoon, that the pat
from her inchorage in the Roads to it
Dart, Captain WILKIN6ON, which w►
morning tor Calais, was :4160 obliged
Dawns. Two French vessels arrived i
from Calais, one of which succeed.rd
few of her passengers, and went
lather bore away for the Downs. Ht
Duchess of WELLINGTON came in here
from Widmer Castle, and entl3atked
King George packet, for Calais; Mr.
barked from Walther Castle this mor,
the Load Duncan packet, Captain
the same port. Saikd this morning
can packet. Captain Pascoe, for Osto
and passengers. Eight passage vesse,
this afternoon from Calais, with
passengers.

CU AVESINT% OCTOP4II

Arrived the Incl;nalno. Crinrien. irons 8.,
Osborn, from Grenails;liv, l'astetsan,tw.
F;sb, front St. I.tices ; For:une, 11l: on, front
Cowdtn, Brooks, front Trlieliffe; Neva, Jac!
Ctsurnets of Lieves and Mehr l'e, Saaitio, fro
Hodgson; Aid, Atkin:on.; and loin isiekar
Jamaica; and lam, Comehy, front kin Jatiri
(Jake., Alderson, for Trinidad.; Air, Keeney,
and itlaria, Griffiths, far St. Lucar.

The Thomas, MURRAY* of Lout
Perth, foundered off Dimlington on
saved.
•The Hope, LANG, from Liverpool
on shore near Padsow • on Tuesday,
pected would be got off.

Yesterday M, de Fitavic., the port'
sadtir, and Count de PALDIELLA, the
An►basµdcr, were intros:laced to the
at Carlton House by Earl BATIIUitS"
TER, when the former delivered up hi
The Archduke CoNstasrrisa an,

peered in London ;Lk day, from the
• The Marquis of ANGLESZY arrived
seat, Plasnewithl, in Anglesey, on
The carriage was drawn by thc copy
degal; through Bangor to the Derr;
nearly three miles ; front the Ferry ,
and, from thence to- the Qrand Lod
Getrierrest dispersed, the pcn.ple laeil
plenty of Glom da.

•
Dowager Infantade, t tf -agility -am ..ff.',*('.- - 1,1„.. ~
.c iis.:N , , .
..,. t. , • . 1
She w.4a of . Salmi
20n" ant. • Dote. her lona ~
41•Va4
. . ., . •
. ,
tr , Pi. •
inneteo anTiedde , notwithstan-i . . I•'' '3,
.
dista*thifepoits .10 LI " ihat have been •
eir.L:td. ,• . ' ..t
.4...*"....... s - .... ~ . helitti .Lekto"
*.•,,,,b An interesting A'to on COTTON AC t
• ntiE24-r. 2EPTEItArit 24. • ' wt.l appear to morrow.
. .

2(ith •
011.%, It
or teit
•ned 1,4;1
^(l's in tla
ike Ci.Ce tit
I el,riLergi.
.esj ‘,l
rmi"Ated
wet, ;,t. )SOl*
nutrey c ;Vice
Oftw.‘
.fide
ileasl.l to
NI Distrito, ,irmiti
ad hirlcut,i
!rs, older , virf.
°Orr
m!e-
-.1 mat 'cot '
oate oir ltt
ry't e
r r,kpte,
Ise
3ns I,:ing
(IC I
.4•Zrtlie V AI
to :at OE4
,
"..1 riaetwai
wi:hrbeir pct,
41+1', or feru
%.,get ru
from tbg hit ,
,eruct, .r nt
I iv
• !mem, wl
•.r homy. at
' • n
in the Mr4r r ti
46:Anions w Gs
tell-sod by
los
tr a+ hrwe;
rtletrasp.l,. 'AR
!ars, .1,1%ra, •th
iss inzy btgrA4 ve
▪ inea devil 'll
tl
I'l.l.lC3sit,,i6itct.iintsunGcm:ei:ll.4eirt:
.isrt
•
Irt
Qarbrc,
d hsds rt rof, °Pt,d
. A I)u.tnte. a;
.hor C twat Id
supposei iris ad
1101
....A3NZ Cl
tlieDoms
• it
?f tte out*. "
a A
Is. C4lnt don
get Dawn, for • p
the D mess t
nean :or r Ci
s. bee
,utteetbeighl Air rha
rte in t!xffsy ,
it ; and (bate ';
land, with lam
:ket for Holies as
, • •
Liven; bolo it
tar
it C Pet
r tl.is morning! It
rest number •
r harbour.
3.
tle
sterday froa
Duncan pact.. trl,
boatJ Mr. C swi
utd so ainleht ly
Placket was dsi
oche Downs.l
• VI
I
went nut n to
;ed to go to t,
red in the et it
d.d in butting PI
Lack again;
Her Glace
here this ,
:ed on board t
4r. CANNISG
iovning, ou •
a linintrot.
ig the Lord
stend, with
!sstis have attic
t a great al
Elt 9.
men; tke
num Q,scbrc;
from ticnials;
ackson, front t.• '
from orertn; S
• 1.):msoo,
'aneiro.---3014
:nay,. for Rio 1341'
modon, honed '
oft Monday -
xd to Osiers',
iy, but it %us •
'ortugitese
he new Porto:
he l'ititseg It'
HST. and hir. C,.
Credtntisb
and suite ate
he Continent.
ved at his beta
on Tursdai
opulace from
:rry, a dist.inct...:,
ry to the Colu',,
Lodge. whfrg
it•Aled
•

`~

THEATR

vrtiT-0411%.14754.105. o°Mgl" *Wan,
for tort al days to appear atCOient.pidernea*;
o;i4 iiVkbe,character orgiv. 014 in Tfii.jealonfl
in .
p, Iv was • also stated, advertisements
.]
bije prints, that this incomparable actress woi
noincnee an engagement last nightiit the fiirns:a
as, Theatre. Nut It little ~euriotjty wai excited to
err %Aid% of the Theatres *onld succeed in their
faint, ~rlu tbee:the Loud? * the Birmingham. au:
ience was to be
disappoloted. Until yesterday.
,orni„:! it is said *the CoVitnt.garden. Manager was
Alva of :Weis t but ktters the post ;b-
-owed that the better genie' of Me.' Euisloll, the
Divtiinghatu Manager, had prevailed, and *at Miss
oa, remained to perform her engagement iti,tbat
ori. It is added, that Midi O'lsialw. welltifs the
todotry, with a perfect understanding that her see.
sizes would not be wanted at COvent.gardets The-
* tiefore.the middle of this month I and therefore
flt herself at toil liberty to make the engagement at
litongham. As won as she.. Managers of Covent-
ludo, got notice that Miss O'NEILL would not be
in psi win, an eneutioned in the Ws of the
Covent-
ft
ay, the following placard w.rs stock up in every
staspicuou piece about tAe Theatre :
7.
IIigAIRC !WEAL, -CIVENT GARDEN,
'1 blirsdav, October 3, 18I.T.
The Pablie are respectfully informs', that the Proprietors re•
,cord th,s mowing, that 14:.4 O'Nktint, bad used
u•Lnii-t euglearcors !i) get rid of an eugegeotent at glethlng..,
tin, but it Val with the grerest regret obe was obliged to
writhe I.l4o‘teri, that she was unable to effect the object of ,
tt with„, cased oat tterefore have the honour of appear-
Covesit.fiarden rtnal-e *his Evening. The Play of Guy:
)gamering; Or, the Gip,ey'u prophecy, will therefore be substi-
teed for the Yealous Wife.
Goy Meansing was accordingly performed, and
wired by the audience with the usual plaudits.-
apart of Lucy Bertram, hitherto.so ably supported
%ilk's STEPHENS, was last night committed to Miss
pater, who certainly went through every part of it
crith the greatest taste and judgment, and was de-
ervedly encored in one of the airs. 'The cause of the
loo.appearsnce of Mi,s SIT: oyes was, the recent
teeth of her sister. Towards tt.e close of the third
et, in the Cave Scene, some of the audience were
considerably alarmed for Mrs. EGERTON, who, for
name moments, was supposed to have hero much
l'ur. be the discharge of Hamrick': (rtmeta.Ey's)
pistol. He first attempted to discharge it at the usual
i'ii%tantni, but it 'missed lire; atter which, ve4ile en.
aeSeoinfog to avoid Di4rnt-nt (Eat eKi },. and others,
who vete miffing cowards him, he fired;-but so near,
Ors. Emma, that Ler he.t‘i and neck mere enve-
loped in the siacke, and it. was in-righted that the
*adding had struck her in tbe'face. We were happy,
bowler, to 'crceive, on her twine lifted up, that she-
Jord trO apratance of having -been hurt, though she
was esidtanly much alarmed. }fad any thing even
more serious occurred, no possible blame could be
stuibutet: to Mr. TCKELEY.

tor
put

tUf

effii
obit:
44"

TO THE EDITOR OF TI-ii STAR.
hins-A punted Intimation was i-ste d trent the .1 r 'etre Royal,
Csoci-Gatleo, las; eight, atiting, titat .• yie Pave:curs had
• received inteltigence that Miss O'Nert.i. bad used her stored
1.1 irkteusts to tt add an Kogagezuent at Bite:al/Than ; hut it
• Ins with the greatest regret she vois 4144 to meuent the Pro-
, edema that the was voahle to efe:i the otjeet of her w...tha, and
4 add not, therefore, have the SICALOW of appearing at Covent-
' Gudeo."
What the reins of any Intelligence" receives! by the Pro-
triton of Covent-Cat den Theatre, on this suhject, may have
Setts, !know not ; but u I have the strongest ream- u believe
hat the tenement allegecd to have been conveyed by such " IR-
Milgrim" is &rev ly the reverse ut truth, and'all I know -that
Mt BMus. of Ltotent-Oztd..n Theatre, was quite aware of
ths,belete the *Ling of such intimation, I think it right to
rams the Pablit of that fat t ; that erroneous impressions may,
et farm pass.hle, be prevented.
1k statement amodats-to dist—that Miss had
M.
&nerd and wiihni to break a contract into wh ch she bad en-
ured; and that she had been defeated an that attempt, by some
ten of peremptory conduct employed to eulorce this lulabneut
titer etiga,;enteitt.
bleitLer of the.c ercum-tenctet has, I believe, occurred. Front
*e time that Miss °llene concludel ter engagement With
11r.Ettisrox to perfwm at the 'Theatre Royal, litrntiughatu,
•down to or a.terneali of Wednesday last, no intimation *bat-
Orr bad been received by Mr. Latairoy, fat' in Miss
tat any circumstavce could interferij with lier appearance at
knaltgliant. tat the con rat y, she WTI dttpatche I a part of her
rep • ardrobe to the I heatre at Birnm.gliant ; ant had written
hyber bro her to say ate should be there on Thursday. But as
kir. ELI-as-re hail received inforatiation front Londou that Mssa
CfNtitt. bad been ret eatisily ads, awed for appearance at Co.
mat Garden last night, lied a. it:: kFtw mit what course toight
ins been ful'owed to secure .that api.earance, and, in that way„
di.aepoint tee cape ciatien,s of the l'o'ser and betOtbourhOod of
lirminghatri, anti to invoke Lint posolily in great Iris and pet
pkti y, lie, on Wedneulay aft, moon, lett hirminglitim in the'
wail, to puttee such.metees, at Lendoe, as might best obviate
his difficulty. Yeser.'ay moons,. I accompanied Mr. ELLISTON
to Mr. Harms, at Covent Garden. It then-appeared that
BAR LOW, a geu . man iu the employ est Cotton Garden Theatre,
bad herit seta to Manchester to persuade. Miss Ole said. to come
bs London ; bat that Meat O'a'liraet, coo account of her engage-
meet at hinninEhaut, Lad, with a high sense of honour,refusedM
to do; and that Mr. Beaton bad just returned to .ondota,
Itidmtetecemphs!.ing kis errand. At the time Mr, EL LISTON
net Mi. HARRI 4 he had had no communication, I know, with
WI (I ISLILL as to the obstacle attempted to he thrown in her
my, ror s, to any sips it might be necessary kr hint to take for
it, terminal of that obstacle. All this was detailed between him
aid Mr. HA it ass, in my presence ; and all difliculty on the-paint
*as then very cordially arranged, by an understandingthat Miss
- tee should remain ar liemingha'nto fulfil her duties there,
'4111.1111r or.d et next week, so as to leave her at liberty to appear
at Covent Garden on Monday, the 14'h instant.
ELLit rot+ left London again yesterday, fat the parpose
7 Pertaining with Miss O'al ri Li., this Evenitg, at Birmingham.
rzt tt *hilly unacquainted with. and will, 1 ant sure, be very
Pleb attwasslied by, the 'Army of the Paper issued front Covent
Figdetl. In his absence, I have thought it just to relieve Miss
o'Naitt. and him front a repreeentattaa unsuited to either. I
have no doubt it will be found that Miu.O'Nxitt, instead of
144)1" used her utmost endeavours to get rid of her engage-
-Meat at Birmingham," used every possible endeavoar to
1111111"'soes engagement ;--tbat •• the object of her wished" was, to
"'Piste her undertaking, at Dittoing-ie.:it, with (delay ; and
flint to disavdit herself, and inju e Mr. 1.. het erott, who had con.
tooted to pay a very large sum fox her vaivable services; and
"vain the eteeution of this determination, Miss was
Saluted, door, by her view of what was right; . and not by ally
ordt, or means, used by Mr.ELI.LITON, to constrair, orsoolicit,
441's to ;ensue that .course.
I an, Sir, your most obedient servant,
IVho-ofg
ce-court, sleet-street, JOStPU UALTNILL.
411 October, lute. •
_

left town this day ior Loinburgh, where he
is engaged to perftrM six of his principal characters,
for which he is to receive six hundred guinea: I
Mr. and Mrs. COUTTS, with their usual kindness,
km a handsome present to PEN LET, in consequence
of his dismissal from Drory.lane Theatre.
At the Old Bailey, this nu,rning, a Clerk of Messrs.
Moackin and Co. was arraigned for embezzling
!Lamy belonging to Isis employers. He was indicted
1)n two capital c.ithits and one larceny. to the latter
et Which he pleaded guilty, and therefore the others
"tee relinquitsed.

.....;)114(71704,_04141M:11.4tPR1. • 1
—•.. , _ .
• " t Allgrrewl.• •. • • • '
• . •.1•4• - Hi DAY.. 4. •
Yesterday the was 4ecldedly in avour or the•
friends of the Lout) MAYou gl .• u'ing the courie of
the poll we observed a very great number of the
aged Members of the Lis;ery come forward, and
they unanintotisly decided in favour of our present
worthy Magistrate. At thr,ee o'clock the numbers,
were as follows:

3M

VITTII•DAeII POLL.
• The Lord Mayor -
Alderman Combe
Alderman C. biultb .
GROW IP9LIL,
The Lord Mayor . . •
stst
. Alderman Combe • . 4n38
Alderman O. Smith • •;# i • 930
When the state of the poll .•eralt announced, the
loudest. cheering we ever witnessed took place. For
upwards of live minutes nothing was heard but lout!
appleuses, and " Wood for ever f' 'Me feeling in
Jae Hell Was soon communicated to -the adjacent
avenues, and nothing was seen but ttnieersal jey that
1 the Worthy Mayor had been so warmly supported
'by the independentleivery.
Mr. Waite came forward amidst general applause.
'llle observed, that he had little more to. do than con-
letratulate the worthy Lieerrnen of the • City on the
unrieelled success with which -.their exertions had
been crowned: It was unnecessary to say one word
about the vast superiority of his Lordship in point of.
numbers. as that board spoke volumes. He trusted
'and hoped that the contest would have this day ter-
minated, byMreArldevenan Smith's Wend; abandoning
the unequal struggle:' 14v knew doe; Worthy Alder.
Man very well; and had •no doubt that his own feel-
ings at this portentous moment suggested e pro-
priety of his relinquishing the pal*, to the Lord
Mayor. Yet, tftifortunately, that Worthy A Iderman
eves so ill-advised, and so badly served by his pretend-
ed best friends, that he was induced -to persist in a
struggle in which he had been beaten most heartily.
The cendect of such triende aetee 'Alderman had,
reminded one of the old e eyinp—e Defend me from
my fiien&, but give me to my enenties."— ( Laud
,hare).—He had no occasion to dwell on the ill suc-
cess with which the struggle of the Alderman hail
been attended, for his own pitiable looks, on the bus-
tiegs, and the cra.st-fallen (and oh ! melancholy
aspect ) appeerance.of his triends, spoke their unut-
terable feelings. That Worthy Aldermen now felt
he was most barbarously used by his party, as in
fact he was by them daily espesed on the hustings,
merely to shew the country shat a pitiful class he
belonged iv to— r cheer:).—.tile ..al-d C.ferl ,1 •••-.4.1e (Mr. White) told
them yesterday he had a question to put to Mr.
Smith, 'bet that Gentleman declined giving him an
opportunity to put the quest*, by his leaving the
-hustings. -Yesterday he retreated early from the Hall
amid universal heoliivs, to .go to Carlton-House,
where, doubtless, be met with smiles 'efficient le
comfort him for the misery he must have suffered in
the hissing:: of the Livery--(cheer:).—lt was asto-
nishing th.it a man of common jedgment should, in
defiance of the well-known decided opinion of the
City, persist in ranking himself ridiculous, and therey
sacrificing all that was Worth yof the character of man.
It afforded another melancholy proof of the truth of
that observation.-." that Men had not always their
wits about them." Examine, however, the conduct
of Alderman Smith's friend., was there one man
possessed of rational views, who ceuld not see what
ih.oir titan:neat of Maie friond•isad been C Tneyliau,
on the first and second days of tie poll, come clien-
tal forward : but now, seeing the cause hopeless,
they left the -pot man to hobble through the best
way he could. He ( Mr. White) had been bully ac.
cused of grossly misrepresenting the Alderman, and
of stating facts whisb had no toundation in truck—
le was, tor example, said, that -he had openly de-
clared from the hustings that the Lord Mayor had
refused a Baronetcy. , Now he appealed to the good
sense of•the meeting it ever hi had said such I tiling?
(Loud cries of No, no.
.you sever elki).—Had the Lord
*Mayor been a time-crv.ng politician, inclined to bow
to every dictate of the Ministry, and to do their will,
then he would have been a Baronet—(cheer:).—It
was a well known tact, that when a Royal Marrialge
took place. it was customary to reward v ith honours
the persons .who were sent from the City with an Ad-
dress. Had this, however, been done to Mr. Wood ?
No. The• Ministry durst not tends; him the offer of
a Baronetcy ; and why ?—liecause they knew the
noble mind at
.that worthy Magistrate scorned to bend
for such paltry honours (it honours they could be
called),. and because they knew he was too upright
a man to become the toot of any f action—(loud and
long tensioned .chrece).— He. would not enter into poli.
tics now, although he knew the subject was so pro-
lific, that even the greatest dolt must see the infinite'
superiority of the Lord Kern. over his formidable an.
tagonist-(Mr. Smith) in this -respect. He rejoiced
to see the victory the Citizens of London had this day
gained, noeso much on account of the victory itself,
,is on account of the way it had been obtained.—.
They knew little of the present contest, who sup-
posed it or:ginated froni partly views or Rarty pre-
indices. This was a contest for freedom from the
fetters of galling oppression-4 contest in atitieli the
Citizens* of London contended for the free, the legiti. 1
mote exercise of those rights %elicit GoD and Nature'
had given them. It was a contest where party 1
squabble's were absorbed, and in which the compete
tors met with the feelings of Englishmen, and toe
feelings of London Liverymen— (Lws 1 applaus,r).—
He now returned them his warmest thanks tor the
kind attention they had give, to' the merits of the
Lord Mayor. They lied shewn by their votes that
they disregarded political principles and political
views, and all that they wished was to render honour
where honour wet due. He had no doubt they would]
persevere; that they would shew to the eorld, they
were de:ermined no longer to be fettered by the gal-
ling chains of a few. They had done so already, kw.
he was proud to say, that persons of all classes had
comefurward in his..lirdslep's behalf.
.The trieeds
of Mr. Smith, dejected at his piteous tall, now loekcd
to the Court of Aldermen as their next resume.—
This was btu a poor refuge t but it was the last hopes
of a dying, perishing faction—(cheers.) If the Lieg•.
rymen were true to themselves, it was morally s a•
possible the Court of Aldermen would dare tot,
thwart their wishes, or daft. to refuse the united sett.'
timents of a loyal body. The' Court of Aldermen
knew too. well the necessity and propriety of .consult-'
jog the united voice and united whale, of the' City,
. to deny their support to. teltat tbs. City bad dope.—
i

?

331.
107

~

The Club, now happy at she London Tavern (('appe
in drowning their cares. with aonietliing M ,elevate
thbilW shove. their ,moettfyiniz, disappoiptinekt here)
Ivtiulti find that the Ceirt.of Ai lermens never would
sanction the return ofht Irian to fill the office of Chief
*Mikistrate, for which the united voice of the Citizens
declared he was totally incapable. (This adiVess wis
followed with the.lotidest,e/seers for several minutes.)
Mr.. Tuousow the came forward, arid observed
delta hp *AI not surprised at the enthusiasm the Li-
..ry this day expressed, when he considered that it
'an occasioned by the dowidall of a miserable fee-
den, who bad, by their tyranny, insetted the City
=for the last twenty-five years. He would, however,
leiwtion them to beware of the means resorted to by
their' opponents to make them contemptible, viz, by
describing them as a tumultuous rabble. He trusted
I• • •
they would spew, by Decorum in every part of their
leenduct, that they met, not to insult this or thin
:party, but to slaew the world that they were freemen,
iond would exercise their eights a) SUC:I--( Ch.-erf.)
Thu was a.day ever to be remembered by the city
and by the country—a day mare .rieutorahle tn. it%
victory over the arts of a 'action, Oh; eh id ever !ken.
known for the last twenty years. The shell of binds
had, indeed, •during that period, declared the mind
of the &nieces, but that shew had been frusrrated by.
the diabolical arts of a set of desperadoes at the Lon-
. don Tavern, who met in a cabal there, aed brought
tip such `persors as they knew would was with them.
' He bad itpeatedly known them to bring up their
- ,mercenary herds to vote, many of whom came, v:th
bleeding; hearts, knowing they were doing wrong,
but terrt6ed to refuse their voles to the Junta. 'Yes,
many of these persons came like sheep to the slaughter,
not daring, not atilt to open their mouths—,eiNsleuses.
He had no personal hostility to Mr. Smith, for in
private life be believed hiM an honest, well meaning,
good hearted man. In saying this, be did so from
conscience, as be disdained the idea of saying, one
thing and thinking another. He, however, considered
Mr. Smith, in his public capacity, to be the mere tool
of a party, who always called him to the Chair at
their cabals, when they wished to destroy the rights
and privileges of the citizens. Then, and only then,
was' he brought forward—(Cheeral The meeting
would remember a circumstance which occurred some
time ago, when by their activity and the activity et
Mr. Weidman, a name dear to every friend of liti•
man nature (long and loud applause:). Mr. Smith was,
driven from the Chair, and measures directly opp-
site to those be had proposed, were carried.. The'
abuse the Livery had met e ith from that Aldermen's
friends wuuld never be forgotten. That abuse had
been expressed in every possible shape, especially in
a worthless Mo:nieg Paper, where the Livery were
'described as a set 64 of ruthless ragamufliiis." The
worthy-Alderman was ni-e.v left akar. or nearly
alone, for his friends seeing the fatal issue of their
hopes, stood trembling in their shots. They had, to
use a political phrase, raid as tar as they could, but
alas ! all would not do,
,and they therefore began to
sneak off from their own insignificance —(Ciseirs.)—
One word on politics, and he was done. Toe triumph
ot the friends of the Lord Mayor was a signal proof
that the menstrous system ot corruption introduced by
that miscreant (printing to Mr. Pict's statue) was
tattering 9n its basis, and would soi,n deservedly
crumbie into duit—(Here n::ich confusion ensred, and
loud cams of "No Politics, no Pottier.") He concluded
by recommending them to be unanimous in support
es
~eaisie
.itie.e.eeke wee %suety ei OG •• i I iLilabt; i Va. latangly
glee to the teese a their own eights, and then and
only then the eicloiy would be theiii. The Lord
Mayor was an Upright min, and hid given to the
Chair a degree of respectabiiity it never tot then had.
He avoila man formed for the promotion: of every
thing that v~r.as good, generous, or goil•like among
men.'•—(l.,lssd Cheers)
Mr. Hercutes here came forward. He regretted
that politics had. been introduced by the last speaker,
because it was contrary to the united wishes if all
who were pres!ut. He had his own views of politics,
but he deprecated the idee.of introducing them at
present. The Meeting was convened. for the put- I
pose of electing again into the Chair of itti.Supreme
Magistracy, a nun whose name would desct•nd to
posterity in unison with all that was venerable or sa-
creal--(Leud cheers).—He therefore was coni.dent
that the last speaker had merely listened to the feel-
ing of the moment, without thinking on the conse .
ciaence of what he WAS saying. He rejoiced the
Livery of London had this day proclaimed to the
world their high opinion of the unrivalled exertions
and indefatigable labours of the present Lord Mayor.
He rejoiced to think that they had this day shewa
they.werefreemen, u-* the tools of a party, not the
slaves et an ollgarchy. If rotation was so vale dale
a standard as the Court of Alder Men wished to insi-
nuate, why had they omitted S.r M. liloscatts ? Why,
because they did not deein him eligible to the ()nice
—(Cheersy—Why was Alderman Smith rejected?
licause tne Livery did not think he had the 'trees•
sary tpialificatiens for that office—(etripiasau).— Why
Iwas the Lord Mayor again proposed ? Because the
Livery knew he was a man whose .heart and hand
were eternally ready, even 'at the risk of life, to proe
mote the benefits ot the City—(Aftedeure)--and be-
cause they knew he scorned to be the slave 01 any
party, but chose rather to he anhaneet Megistiate—
(Cheers). —iceio.ving the j'sstly deserved popularity
of the Lord Mayor, knowing the high veneration in
which his talentii, end abilities. and exertions, were
held by he fellow.citisens. why did the Court of
Aldermen hesitate. .to refuse him the Chair ?. Why
did Aldermen fimitheiseeing the great and determi-
ned hostility of the Lively t.iiiii elktion, for at least
this year,. not relialuitsh.'hi. claftris at mice, and de-
cline a contest in which he bad already been beaten ?
Tiie cause was &View.. -The . Worthy Alderman
felt indignant at the deserved applause 91 the present
Mayor, and wished him altiown- into the shade—
' (Loud cheer's, ordain of" set, it: irste; Odes hi: lui;h")
rhe Lu!ldon Tavern Junta presented A elai4 of mail.
the puetility of whose views and sentiments was then
most singular ever seen. Faith could renieve moun•
tains. They professed to have faith, but, alas) the
mountain between Wood 'and Smith teriilied weir
fail, and made it sink into the :gloom of guessing
despaire—(Cheers:,—He had heard one wf that Junta
.ay. that the Court of Aldermen Would. retrain Mr..
&cube. and of course there. wand:be a neat &Faun
any Mr. Smith would then he .returned. . Btit he
,vivid not believe that thot,Couit would. igke the au
decily to return such a ma; ail Are Saliths Wile :NW
so uatveraally &liked. 41 vs imparible‘tbe Court
-

would have the presmnptlon to disappoint the Prue-
ral feilings of the Cit;aena....(o No, is, they will 'tot.")
—Mr. :-irittth and his friends, List Saititoay, saw the
miserable sittiation in which their affairs were placed,
"and'they demanded a poll, vainly (ah; for them too
ihickiag that there could he found as
many votes as would sanction Mr. Smith's return to
:.the Court. That poll had been granted, and their
hops had also cLs.pfieared, like " the baseless fabric
of a VlAoll"—(Clarers)'—'and they now presented.'
themselvo Mole the Livery to spew their gross illy
signitlaance. Let t!..eti ,he friends or the Lord
Mayor do theft ditty. (Loud dad ver,s, long aplslause.)
WILLIAM (a-rriend Smith) tune tor.
ward, Wit' could nit be heard. till Mr.' White' re-
quested al a'persond favour, they would hear him.
He was-then toter 0.4 heard. He began by °lnert:
iitg. that vaeious it isssertinas had been made
against Mt. Smitli and his friends, which he wotild
how attempt to refute—(fliwi )—Mr. Smith would
not abandon the contest to the verylast—iLeudrilPs
If aye; li:tits's Lcattn decidsePy.")—His krouli were
.prepaie..l to defend hieo to the last, 'and would answer
every thing said. against hiln—(lire: )—lt seas net
true that he or his frien Is htd ever called the Liver,'
a rabble, for the fact boas, they highly respected the'
Livery— (Hisser, and tad cries of " yet, when he Waite'
their votes.") N:,thing 14rither could bp heard. .

At the close of the Poll this day the nnmbers were,
The Lord !1,1a7 or •
Alderman Ct=m!'e -
Alticivaim Smith

• 2131
• 2244
• 10G'7

• •
SPORTING INTULLIGEAkt.
NEWMARKET FIRST OC FOUR RI:EE rt No, 1818. • ,
THVILIDAY, OVrohill S.
The Town Plate of £5O for Syr. o!d colts, eat. 71b. and Wes,
nst. :fib. D. 1.
Mr. Wyndham's h. c Sex escrow
Ld. Suffield's ch. e. Bulaw.
D. of Dtafton'. b. c. Alien • -
Mr. Terrett's br. 1. by Dick Andrews, out of Crape
Five to two on Alien.'

et t .

The IVng's Pk•te of itOgs. for 4yr. olds carrying lOst. 41b. Syr.
• olds, I let. 61b. 64r. olds, 12st. and aged, 12st. fib. 11. C. '
M. 'I hornbill's ch. c. Auticipat ion, 4yre • . • 1
Mr. W. rtlvrar..Vs th. h. by Haphazard, syrs. . 2
1.4. Rou..'s ch. c. Tigris, 4) re. 3
Mr Ray za•l4'..ch c. by 'utterer, out of Randy Nan, 4yra. - 4
h..Wandercr,syrs.
Seven to 4agst. Aitticipat'ou-7 to 1 apt. Mr. Edward's ch. h.
2 to 1 agst. Tigris.
Major. Wilson's 1. by Juni?er, dam by Oscar, teat Lord Sta.
fold's ch. f. By Eaton, oat of ko,etta, set, each. T. Y. C. 25gs;
5 to 4 on Majf4 Wilson's f.
STekTr. OF THE 'OOIIS—BETTING ROOM, OCT. S.
Tut. swat PS rAKES us. IEAC:S., D.N.NLWUARKE r.
2 to:" apt. Lourtion • s to I aget Sir Thomas.
totol apt Wh:slcer. 5 to I alit Quinole.
Puna .*'Pura.—The Dcocastyr Litt baying stated that this
!tore broke down lei tl.e Go!d Cup, we are author at!
to state, for tile information of our.:•porting Readers, that al-
though tit pulled up latne,ilier the Race, an izantiiution, ix
proved to be notiting mate ti it, and it is tiee intention of 14. pre.
sent °otos to tart. on 1.1 tt
•

•
Tats DAY, at Twelve o'Clock, No. 7,755, the
Grand Prize of tfso,oli) was Sold in One Quarter,
One Eighth, and Tel Sixteenth Shares, by G.
CaatioLL, Contractor, 7, Cilnhill, and 26, Oxford:
.street, where were also Si.,,r in Thirty-eight Shares?
1,366 ...... a Pr z.
..1,000
5,b00 ....... . e• soo .
1,9t0
on the'rrst and Second Ala of Drawinz.
Gramm rl;ol4.sl.4lAta MATCIIOF 1400 MAIM S?;
DAYS. 411 t .LOWER TOOT' xO, StlitßCY.--19d,
13itax1tx yetrerday, particularly in the after:1000o Will
visited lay numbers of most respectable persons; he
was quite
.steopg,.end iv uncommon high spirits, fre•
quently hushing and joking with many of tl.e
spet-
tators; and,
.from the continual atten:ion paid hilts,
not only by the Landlord of the Nitta: lona wlso spares
no trouble or expense to mike Icon pertektly comfort.
able) but also the kindness sliewn him by many of else
most reipectable families i lathe neigl.bont hood, induct;
him to proceed on his journey with unabated courage.
His constitution is not in the least impaired, and the
only complaint with which he has been troubled was
that of a rheumatic pain in his. shoulder. During
these few days past, notwithstanding the utiLvaue.
able state of the weather, several persons of in4lloll
as well as sporting celebrity have visited the scene of
BARNET'S oper3tions, who expressed their astonish.
merit at his performances. DAatxLsr List night con.
pleted -14 looks at ialf.past nine o'clock ; and this
morning, after enjaying a r.fieshing sleep, he started
off quite fresh.at lour o'cb.ck, and performed, at 40
minutes atter eight, 14 miles, making at that time
935.milec.—Sever.il of the hiendi of the venerable
VedestriAn, wishing that pi.cuitilry askistance shouhl
he given to 1)411, some respc.ct.ible fl uses' is the;
City have kindly agreed to ta•ke in subscriptions,
Conoweies Lactussr.— eight o'.:iock, tan Wed•
riesday evcinirg, an iorpiess was held at PoEttuan.
street airrAcks. on the body cf Nlary Leach, wife of
Seijeant Leach, of the lit ltNiai •nt of roia Gaitds,
who was found dead in her la.trrai.k.-room on thy I.re,
ceding .morniug. SeVer:4 witnesses deposed to the
state in t deceased Vies ft)LPlti, with all the
appearance ot death occasiialed by a r,uptuied Lilo/ J.
vessel. The poor women, it app:ared, some
.ime belore, broke a blood vessel t she had also beet)
subject to tits. The deceased had.' Yid very happily
with her husband, and there was .no probability that
there had been the slightest.qviarrel between them?
The husband himself wasexamined ; Ise said he Went
to'bed first, 'Woking Ihe7deceaseAwould immediately
follow ; but haviisg Wien asleep, he'did not miss.her
till" about one o'clock ; he got upi and Wing this
lt,or wet with blood, he procuiedka light, and was
shocked to find bee dead. when hot rillitasaz gave gig
alarm. Verdict—Met her iliatir by-the barstiog of a
blood vessel.
Fina.---Lait bight, about ten O'crock,.. a drfladllo
tire broke out on the premises f Mr. Clarke, hoop-
hinder, in Back.Clierch.lane, Whitechapel.. It soon
cominunicated to his timber-yard, which,, with the
premises alnir jig, were totally consuimd by ekven
o'clock. Through tae great exert; >aid tlib fire-men
:he surrounding neighbourhoed was' preseieed, par-
i u 1,917 an adjoining brewhouse,. which ma at one:
ime io titular eat dans,' r.
,
CORN EXCiiIANOR, MARX LANE, OCTOBER•s..
We have slat had any errivalsnf Grain since Mon.
lay Ist, conteqUen ly an sdvaiice has taken Elacp
is
ur blatker, ;mot the praint weather continues, ip
all probability there will be a further rise. Wheat,
t 1. day, is up from 3s. to 4s. ; Oats. gb g and Bar..
Icy and Brans, 2s. Lu °llia Articles, uo variation.
