I

I

/

[

I

L
c

111..,

ply weft part of the results ion which referred to the
domains of Windsor Park, as many private properties
were surrounded by the Par k, some. of which were an
the immediate vicinity of the Long Walk which he had
.
just mentioned, and if the individuals to whom those
properties belonged .chose to let their land out for build-
sag nobody epeld prevent them, and thus this beautiful
prospect ani&htbe altogether destaoyed..-la.was there-
fore thought proper by his Nl..jesty's Governrnen.t, to
apply a asba.of themohey to.the purchase of thase,ariv
, vate estates, with which the owners wee very il-
ling to-part.for the fair value. It might.., however, be
asked,- why .he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) called.
upon the Parliament for so huge a sum of antiney with-
out being able to produce any estimate Of die probable
eapense? It world be' however seen, that there would
be considerable difficulty in coming to any iromedi4te
negociation with the owners of different properties of
different value. With respect also to the architectural
alterations, it was desirable that nothing should be
done without the fullest consideration-...(Hear, .4ear)z—
Recent events would convince Gentlemen of the neces,
say of caution in this respect, otherwise they :night be
. reduced toahe same necessity as had pies-ailed with re-
gard to the New Buildings at Westminster Jlall—(Hear,
hear). It was besides to be considered, that alterations
could not be made in the one case with the same facility
as in the other, a, respect must be had to his Majesty's
private feelings ; and every fresh alteration must be in
some degree an inconvenience to him. On the other
hand, if the Committee abstained from acceding to
the grant wail every detail of. its probable expendi-
ture could be laid before them, they- would equally
interfere with the comfort of the Sovereign, by depriving
him of the means of putting into execution those im-
provements which his own taste might suggest
Ile therefore trusted that the Committee would not
think the want of the estimates a sufficient reason for
refusing the grant. He felt it his duty, however, to
state, that his 'Majesty'. Government did not shrink
- from any responsibility as to the disposal of this sum.
All they claimed was that fair and legitimate confidence,
as to the mode of its application, which he was sure the
country would not refuse to repose in them—(Hear,
hear),—Having now disposed of that part of the subject
which related to the manner in which the money was to
be applied, he should addert to a circumstance upon
which he feared ninth misconception had hitherto pre-
vailed : he alluded to the Commission under whose su-
perintendence the proposed alterations were to be car-
tried on. it was not (as had been erroneously supposed) -
inteaded to call upon Parliament to give to those C 01111•
missionets powers of a nature superior to those legally
. • possessed by the members of his Majesty's Government
over the distribution of the grant; nor was it intended
by the appointment cf such Commissioners to shift any
part of the responr.ibility which he had before acknow-
ledged ettacbed to his Majesty's Government upon them.
Such a course, he' was willing to admit, would be highly
unconstitutional and extremely improper (Hear, hear).
But no such cows?. was contemplated. Among those
Commissioners would be several who were, ex officio,
members of the Administration. They would therefore
be responsible in a double capacity, both as Commis-
sioners and members of the Goternment ; but he con-
fessed he should consiJer it a most unworthy course to
shift any part of the responsibility from the shoulders
of Government elsewhere; but although the Govern-
ment would be responsible altogether as to the distribu-
tion of the money, and partly as fat as matters of taste
were concerned—(a laugh)—he confessed he saw no rea-
son why they should not be assisted in the latter part of
their duty by able and experienced men, who must,
from their situation and professional habits, be well ac-
quainted with matters of that nature. It would not
he supposed, be contended, that it formed a part of
the duty, or was inherent in the situation held by him.
self or his Noble Friend at the head of the Treasury,
that lie should be a person of good taste—(La aghter).—
lie did not, as far as lie was concerned himself, profess
any very great talent in that way. Mr. Burke had said
that it was Perfectly, hopeless to expect that the mem-
bers of a Government should ever be persons of much
taste for the Fine Arts---(A laugh). He had attributed
this to their education ; but he (the Chancellor of the
Exchequer) thought it was rather to be ascribed to the
nature of their duties anciao want of time. There was
besides considerable difficulty in coming to a proper
ctiklusion with respect to these affairs of taste, as
must be evident to those Gentlemen who had attended
the recent debates in that House—(Hear). Everybody,
in fact, could condemn, and this condemnation was ge-
nerally considered as a proof of ability in him who used
it ; but he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) had never
known two persons to agree in discussions upon pure
matters of taste. The mode of conducting such matters
by means of a Commission was not unprecedented in
this iountry. In former times it was very generally u s p-
pOsed that the Executive Government could have no
taste at all—(A laugh). He (the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer) was not inclined to give them credit for much—
,(4 Pugh). When therefore the Board of Works was first
established, it was placed exclusively under the controul
of sir William Chambers, who, whatever might be the
opinion of his contemporaries respecting him, and he
need only refer to the Heroic Epistle of Mason to
slew that it was not very high, was thought fitter to
direct its operations than the Lords of the Treasury.—
Io the year 1802, when an applications was made to
Parliament for a grant towards the erection of suitable
monuments to those heroes who had fallen in the-ser-
vice of their country, a measure was adopted by the
'Treasury somewhat analogous to that now recorn-
:mended. Certain persons specified in their minute, who
were known for their taste and skill, were directed to
take upon them the superintendence of those monuments.
body, upon its appointment, had met a ith a great
deal of invidious opposition. Not being supposed to
possess the tequisite aptitude for the task entrusted to
them, die? were sneeringly designated " The Commit-
tee of Taste." Much good had, however, resulted from
their labours, and our public monuments had in his (the
Chancellor of the Exchequer's) opinion been much im-
oved in their general character and desigu since that
eriod. By adopting such a course as-this, the Govern-
oient would be secure from blame, and the Public
%tied have an assurance that their money would be.
laid out to advantage, and need not dread the effects of
that want of taste which he feared was inherent in the
Board of Treasury—a( Hear, arida Laugh). It was upon
t,e,e grOunds that his Noble Friend at the head of the
T easurrhad recommended that in addition to three
Members of the AJtniaistration who should be included
in the Committee, amrtng whom would be his Noble
Vriend (Lard Liverpool),' the Commissioner of Woods,
and Forests, and himself, they.should be at liberty to
cwll such individuals to their assistance as viould, from
their known character, give the Public an assurance
. .

that the principles of good taste would not be forgotten.
Without, therefore, wishing to remove any I espunsibi-
lity, as far as the money was concerned, from the QC/l
vernrnent, to whom such sesponsilility properly attached,
and 'who would be ready to coatis forward at any time
when called upon, and say " aborts Ojai," and feeling
that the proposed arrangement would insute the proper
execution of the intended alterations, he should sit down
in the full t onfidnce that the Committee world not re,
fuse the grant now called 'for. The 11.gli; Honourable
Gentleman concluded by moving-7s. That a sum mg
exceeding 40,0004 should be granted to his Majesty,
fur the purpose of making certain repairs, alterations,
and additions•to Windsor Castle, and also for the pur-
chase of certain lands in Windsor Parks."
Sir JOSEPH YORKE said, Windsor Ca tie was a
magniEcent structure, and did not 'require alteration,
but merely to be kept in a'state of comfortable repair.
With respect to the purchases it was proposed to make,
at the rate the Chancellor of, the lixchequer gal;
loping on, he might come to Parliament for money to
purchase the whole town of Windsor. He would not
oppose the grant,- hut he hoped proper caution would
be used in its application—(Hear, hear).
Mr. BANKES was extremely favourable to the vote,
as suitable to the dignity of the Crown and Country.
Lord G. CAVENDISH thought no one should be
calleJ on to form part of the Commission but persons
officially responsible. '
Mr. CURWEN said he could not agree to the grant
without a specific estimate of the expense, which might
be four times greater than was intended.
Mr. HUME said he understood the purchases in-
tended to be made of ground in the neighbourhood of
the Castle would cost 110,000/. He would not agree
•to any grant until an estimate was made. He appre-
hended the expense would be five times what was pro-
posed. The, lion, Gentleman concluded by moving that
the consideration of the subject should be postponed.
Mr. GREY BENNET seconded the motion, and
spoke against making any grant before an estimate of
the eapense was • laid before the House. He mid, if
these things went on he could hardly imagine what
would be the result ; they might begin at Brighton,
proceed vie the New-street, thence go to Windsor; but
terminating Heaven knew where-04 lauji). All 4orts
of schemes were proposed, all sorts of plias were brought
forward, and all sorts of estimates moved.,--To slake
the House dread such things, he would only utter two
words—" Caledonian Canal."' If they had not a plan,
and the name of the Architect who contemplated the
-pulling down of any part of 'Windsor Castle, he would
nut vote one penny.
Sir C. LONG said, he had never heard of any inten-
tion to pull down any part of Windsor Castle; nor of
any necessity 'to make rooms large enough to hold a
Court there. He agreed that the Castle ought not to
have its 'appearance altered ; certainly that the soutla
front should not have any alteration. As accurate
estimates had been formed as could be ascertained; and
the utmost sum did not exceed 300,0001. At all events
the Castle was not in such a state as was fit for his
Majesty to reside in.
Lord J. RUSSELL urged the necessity of their know-
rig what really was to be done before they voted money;
and he pressed the propriety of postponing the vote till
they could have more definite and accurate information.
The architects had not yet given. in their estimate and
plans ; and it was possible they might say that for such
a sum they could not- make a fit habitation for the King.
Then what would be the situation of the Chaneellor ofl
the Exchequer after he had got the vote? As to thel
buying of land on -which there were houses, he said it
would be better to exchange Crown Lands for them,
instead of burdening the Public.
Mr. MABERLY said, he did not wish to limit the
taste of his Majesty, but they ought to know from the
Ministers that more than 300,0001. would not be wanted.
If they did not say as much, he knew not whether, in
voting the first 150,0001. he was not pledging himself
to an Indefinite expenditure—to a million or more. Of
such votes they had • had enough in the Caledonian
Canal, the Penitentiary, &c. As to the latter building,
the Penitentiary, never had there been such a waste of
public money-( Hear hear).
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER under-
stood that more than the sum named would not be ne-
cessary. As to.playing all sorts of tricks with the Cas-
tle and its magnificent south exterior, nothing of the
kind was contemplated. The architects had been told
that beyond such alterations the Government could not
go ; the object was to make the Castle a fit residence
for his Majesty. The mode of asking for the money
was such as was usual ; it had been pursued in that re-
specting the new Board of Trade the other night, where
17,0001. had been voted towards the walk.
Mr. ELLICE would vote half a million, if it were
shewn that it was wanted; but he was not for voting
money till he knew what might be necessary according
to the estimates of competent persons. He did not like
the plan of saying that the architects must not go be-
yond such a sum; that they must " cut the coat accord-
ing to the cloth ;" fur they were told that they were to
expend so much at all events. As to purchasing lands,
why should not the Crown be required (or such purpose
to sell its ground rents in the new street, &c. ? Many
of the recent buildings had received and deserved con-
demnation ; but the exception flight to be extended to
the new church at Chelsea—(year, hear).
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that as to exchanging Crown Lauds or Crown Rents,
after the expenses of the department were paid, the
balance was handed over to the Consolidated Fund.
By such plan, selling the rents, they would dispose of
sources of revenue. • '

Mr. CALCRAFT saw no •objection t 6 selling such
property, as money was wanted; for the Crown ground
rents at this, time were peculiarly saleable. He was
favourable to making Windsor Castle a fit residence
for the King ; but he should like to know how much
would be wanted before he voted any sum. 'lf the
Chancellor of the Exchequer would • pledge .hintself
that no greater sum would be-wanted, he-would-agree
to the vote.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER 5164:,
he would not embark in the expense till be knew- how,
much would be wasted.
Lord MILTON said, • •
this was a reason for support-
ing the Amendment. If the Ministers would donfithing
till they knew the Estimates, why vote the. monex tla
the plans were had ? •
Mr, MA BERLY repeated, that the delay was *bite-
able, for the plans to be presented; or that the Ministers
would pledge themselves to be answerable.
Mr. Secretary CANNING,said, there appeared to be
a general disposition to concur in the propriety of ilia
trote;'and the voting of a specific sum be deemed to-be
the best plan..
Mr. TIERNEY said there appeared to be- no estimate

-.

. .-

THE EVENING-STAR. •

LONDON.

TUESDAY. APRIL 6, 1824.
THE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK•

Consols opened this morning at 9.5 i, for the Account, at
which price rheybave remained steady up to this hour, with little
fluctuation, and not much buriness doing.
A great number of persons are in the Bank this morning, giving
their assonts to the reduction of the Four per Cents. and it is sup-
posed there will not be twenty millions left out of the seventy.five
millions of Four per Cents.
FOREIGN FUNDS.

There has been a good deal of business done this morning in Cu-
lombian, Mexican, and Chilian ; the former opened at 86 to 1, got
up to 911rwhich was a rise of Ave per cent. but afterwards lowered
again to 881.
Currentl'rices:—New Spanish 17, Old 181, - Chilian 82/ 83,
Mexican Scrip 81 Colombian 881 to 89, Austrian Scrip 17* to 1,
rortuguese 86 Russian 98 to 3, French Scrip 171, Greek 2 disc.
New Prussian 993, Old 981 to 99, Affiance Shares 15.

AUSTRIAN FUNDS.
MARcu 22.-sletalliques 92 9-16. Bk. Sb. 1003. t.
23.—Bletalliques 92 Bk. Sh. 996. 2-3.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK. •
Bank Stocks 244% 244 ex. div.
S per.(.,ent. Reduce,l9§l/2 95 ex. div.
8 per Cent. Consols 95% % 3/4
4per Cents. Old .101 4. 1/8 div. •
pep Centt. New 197% 108=India Bonds 89s. 90s.
OW Annuities 943/4..ez. div*. •
Eackqueillills.(ll,oob) As. 565.—5ma11.545. 565.
Bank for Acct. 248 A 14 —lndia r .Acct. 29714
Comolsjor Aect.-945. %. • •
- •
- 4.4iLOCKA.DE OF•ALGLERS;

The following extract of a letter from the Agents to
Lloyd!: at Leghorn, dated March 23, was posted this
morning:. •• • • .
. .
4 His Majesty's ship Cnaarxzaza arrived here the stst hitt. in
eight days trans Algiers, which port was then blockaded by. the
Mash, astd it was supposed only one Algeria,' ship of war was out..,
This vowel has given notice, that oti the 13th lost; she will convoy
such vessels as are reidi'to the Westward; at present the following
are the ships to accompany'hor :—Sisannon, JbLLY ; Levant packet,
team, ; Witlianr; Rent Bovereivs, Zamarsssit, for Lon!.
don Succeis, &tains, lot Mg ; 114 e, Lova, for Dublin Vtnu.
. . .
•

.01.1.

Am :maws, for Greenock; Menem* Mew, for Liverpool;
134aras, for Falmouth ; and Dart, WIIITt, with timber for the
Dock-yards. The convoy may wait a very short time Of Cape Co,,
For any vessels that may reach from Genoa, where notice :s sent."

Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at Geno 2,
dated 25th Nlareb ;

A report has reached this place of the other vote! which had
sailed from Leghorn, with naval stores,.bound to Algiess, having
been captured by a British cruizer. By accounts from
of the 13th inst. ap Algerine cruizer bad apreared a few days ht.
fore off Cape Creus, and kept cruising tiff that station foeftwo das.
4 letter from Civita Vecchia, of the 12th inst..leportk that zA
Epglith vessel had been stranded 30 mites distant item:that pa;:,
and two others near Ancona." •
Fiankfort Papers, to the 80th ult. reached us t!,;
morning. O.ie of them contains the followinz article:
" The Oriental Spectator, in one of its late. number
has a very long string of reflections on the Greek
surrcction, of which the following is the conclusion :
The cause of the Greeks has still many.elifficultic:
to-contend with : if we consider the unfortunate event:,
that may occur,
.it may be said, and will be often re-
peated., that the Greeks'have revolted twenty years too
early ; that is, they had indeed cause to revolt, but that
to do it with'complete snccess, they should have waited
twenty years longer.'
. ,
We have reason, however, for thinking otherwise.
Without the unf4tunate impulse given to the insurrec-
tion by the singular circumstance which caused the re-
bellion. in Wallachia and Moldavia, the greelts would
not have thought of raising the Stanclard of revolt ; and
they would have thought of it still less twenty years
hence. • Fur whit would they then- have.hnd to wish i?
Property, consideration, privileges, iustitutiops-4.a kind
of emancipation. But all this they alread.thidvin
great" measufe, and would by degrees have obtained
the remainder. Had they waited only a few years
longer, their situation would have been so happy, that
they would have been very cautious how they changed
it. • The breath of retolution poisoned their prlsperity.
After the many evils which they have brought on them;
selves, what remains?—An uncertain hopes

We copy the following artgicle from the Ghtsgo;*
Courier of Saturday, a Journal which, faels very semi-
five on subjects connected with thei West. Indies. We
confess e neither give implicit credit to the litareiLents,
nor participate in the fears of the Colonists ; for; how-
ever impolitic the advocates _of unqualified aboliticr.
may be in their endeavours to further their object, we
are persuaded they do not seek to effect it by exciting
insurrections:

• '... ilikurow, A NW. S!
Nye have .retettett lky she taelthergssllOssl. is the °Si Yft'.
terday, alio of Aquirtons iloossiclss, from *SM January to tl.o
13th_ FrbFesty hubris*. Pains milisinAsedeath -of Mr.
Stalik*.l.<oBeieeri,
.00 Mollie at formerly mentioned.
11tef Bold pl!t but gloom! grossest* for thi 'tranquillity jil that
• Colony. Tbey .erste,llmtkaitUt4r SI ineandlary pakkeations in-
*bag the lilaves to revolt hlulid)kly• been transmitted from Essg.
land, istsoduced into ttntollolfs'etirl secretly *vitiated amongst
the Slaves. onte4 Itad. IsiseiNevinc:ed .-ansoo,gat the Ne-
groes oaths sig..coast,ar the pardonoetll 'nowt ions .ringkader he
the late revolt, Jack Gladstone. The:y considered their country-
men who had suffered, as severely tut uninstty treated, sibile this
man, who had misled and Instigated them to re4ok bad escaped,—
Bur what is more alarming, they augur socoesi in a tatere attemrt
from the fact of the removal of the Governor, the Witidiavral of
, Colonel Linty of the 41st and' his troops, witi?..its,Preitniq
down the revolt, and-front the reported and expected: removal cr
Mr. lirruciar., the first Fiscal, in consequenie of orders from
England ; which removals lid the egroei to believe that the vow-
Mirth. in England were still their.friends„. These Papers contain
some important evidence an the trials for, the late revolt, a portion
of which we shall endeavour to lay before our Heaters in our next.
The followtng extract froim the Paper of the I 3this all we can find
room for to-day;

. , •
• et.DEMERARA GAZETTE.
1!. We consider the •Unitect;Colony of Demerata and Essequebo,
to be In a shore awful--in a more dangerous.situation at this yeii
nassmeut, than during the beat, the uproar, and Cones/ion of the
late innircection. We apprebesd that a crisis is approachitt;'which
will require all our exertions—all our foresight, to avert aad this
Settlement will speedily be the scene of a drama whlch,..withour
the greatest cautions May possibly terminate In the'stestraaooll of
all that is dearest either to our interests, or our hearts: Wlatthet
we look forwSrd to what is it,ioc on at' home, or what . acting
here; whether we turn to to the denupciating dispatches
.of my
Lord Bathurst, or to the indispensable sever*, of our Neva-Militia
-Laws—we,still discover nothing in thi gloom, iv,hich can tend•to in-
spire us with satisfaction, or enliven us with hope.. Our energies ap-
pear to be exhausted. Our Spirits arc enervated and brekep down,
and we seem to await, in silence and iu apathy; the storm which
is to burst on our heads."

It is stated in a pi ivateletter trim Paris, of sl4l.rtlay
last, that an extraordinary courier had arrived frniii..lita-
drid, on his svay to England, with dipPaitchei for out:
Government. These dipatclies are said to be accom-
panied with an autograph letter from FERDINAND to his
Britannic MAJESTY, on the subjeCt the-recognition
of South AMerican Independence. theltliOsters of
his Catholic MAJESTY, having failed inconvincing Mr.
CANNING of the propriety of meeting the Holy Alliance
in Congress, to settle the relations between Spain and
the new trans-Atlantic States which formerly .acknow-
ledged her dominion, FERDI NAND himself, appeali from
the Minister to the Sovereign, and tries, as a lait re-
sourceAls gentle persuasion on the niind of GEonCE IV.
'urging him to consent to the proposed diplomatic meet-
ing as soon as possible, and telling him that a refusal to
join in the solicited mediation must be considered as a
formal declaration in favour .of the party opposed to
Spain, a calamity" he:hopes still to avert.. ' •
CharlestiM Papers7mitre7%rs March arrived this
morning. The following are the only articles they con-
fain worth. qudting : •
- - _ HAVANNAH, FEBRTJARY 4.
' • Od the night of the Slst ultimo, the United States
schooner FOX went ashore in this harbour, Whim she
now lies, but no doubt she will begot off.• The English
-force 'now in ads port is quite formidable;•and they
have given ever), aisistanqesowards getting off the Fox :
it consists of the. Gloucester (74), Hyperion and tyramus
. • .

~~~

frigates, and a sloop of war. We have no late news from
the Gulf of Mexico. S.roguine hopes are entertained

that the late hostilities existing at Vera Cruz_have been
brought to an amicable adjustment. .
In a letter received at Boston &rim Port-au-Piince,
dated January 29, it is said that all intercourse will be
prohibited between Governments not willing_to recog-
. nixe the Haytian Government, and those wheie slavery
exists. -
•
THE QUARTER'S REVENUE.

Whatever the return of Quarter nay may be to in-,
dividuali, it is a welcome one to the public, in shewing
the rapidly augmenting resources and growing prospe-
thy 'of this great country. Thanks to the firmness
of his M•AJEsrv's Ministers, they have preserved peace
and the honcur of the nation by their conduct, when
it was attempted to involve us in mar the con-
sequence is, that in-stead of loans and taxes, increased
debts and expensive armaments, we are now en-
joying the fruits of their policy, in the reduction
of taxation and the increase of the Revenue. There

is net, we are assured; an Englishman worthy of
the name who will not rejoice at the cheering Fos-
. pect which this country presents at the present moment
peace with all the world (for the affair of Algiers

is nothing)—aibitrating the disputes of foreign States,
as in the case of Russia and Turkey—keeping in check
.
every attempt to reduce to subjection new States,uhich
have irrevocably separated from the mother country—
opening new and extensive channels for our commerce
and manufactures, forming a closer connexion• with our
sons and brethren in the United States, an alliance as
natural as it is politic, and exalting the character of the
country on every occasion, and in every clime.—
At home, we find the busy walk" of the merchant
daily more thronged, and the hands of the artificer and
mechanic continually employed, and happiness and
prosperity pervading the whole land. Nor are these
the results of an artificial policy, but are produced by a
liberal and enlightened system of government,
inspiring universal. confidence, is enabled steadily to
prosecute those measures which are best calculated to
• promote the interests of the-people.
In the STAR of yesterday we stated that the account
of the Quarter's Revenue was highly gratifying, and
the official Returns, which we now present,-fully bear us
out in the assertion.

We have little room for observation, nor is it neces-
sary, but in reference to the official accounts, it will be
seen that the increase is in those branches of the Reve-
nue which are the best tests of
,the prosperity of our
commerce. Thus, in the Quarter ended yesterdat,,as
compared with the corresponding Quarter of last year,
there is a surplus of £78,148 in the Customs, in that of
Stamps a surplus of £91,942, and in the Post Office an
increase of £26,000, a sure evidence of the activity of our
commerce. in the Excise and the other Taxes there is
necessarily a decrease,but not in proportion to the reduc-
tion in these branches of Revenue during the last year.
The total net increase on the Quarter is f. 1,328,403.
Of course, the repayment of a portion of the Austrian
Loan is taken into the account. The total net produce
of the Revenue, for the Year ending the sth of April,
1823, is £49,824,057; and that of the Year ending the
sth of Apr il, 1824, is £50,812,672.
If we eaanrine theprodude of the Excise for the year,
a statement of the returns of which we shall give to-
morrow; we shall find the following increase in the re•
spective articles last Quarter, as compared with the cor-
responding Quarter of last year:—Auction Duties,
£11,8321 in Bricks and Tiles, £9,110 Candles, £6,500;
Glass, £10,060; Paper, £9,631 ; Tea, £28,730; To-
bacco and Snuff, £152,188. The principal decrease is
Salt, Printed Goods, Spirits, and such articles on which
there has been a reduction of the duties.

The following are the Official Returns of the Revenue,
of which a very erroneous statement appeared in a
Morning Piper, where a blunder of £700,000 in the
Customs alone was made. The increase in the year
which, as see have stated, is J:688,615, is in the Morn-
ing Paper made to amount to two millions. So Much
for anticipation.

I NCOME and CHARGE upon the CONSOLIDATED FUND,
in the Quarters enti?d sth April, 1823, and sth ApKil, 1824.
tQuarters Ended April 5.

INCOME.

Customs
Facise
Stamps
Post Mee
'faxes
3liscellaneous
Repayment by Austria

1823. p 1824.

*A 1 X
1,973,397 I 1,986,118
5 151
... 4:79' 5,396,365
, ... 1
1,5 , ,),854' 1,665,796
• 330,000 356,000
8.18,8111533,382
76,7991 64,075
-. 1,733,333

To Cash brought to this Account, b
the Amount issued it Ireland, per
Z 5 Geo. 111. cap. 98. sec. i 2.

9,964,1
•

CIIARGE.

Etcb:quer Annuities -
South Sea Company -
bask on their Capital .
lXvidends - - - - -
/stational Debt y - • -
Trustees for the Payment of Naval sat
Military Pensions - -
Civil List -
Pensions -
Other Charges

. .

Surplus - .

T.,:hequer Mils issued to meet the Charge
Lt sth Jsn• 1624. -
st sth April, 1824 -
I.sued to complete the sum of X 6,700,000,
granted as the surplus of the Conso-
lidated fund for the Year 1623 -
I:xchequer Bills to be issued to meet the
Charge upon the Consolidated Fuud at
LIS April, 11321 - -

of 11 ,735,ti69

89,6!

283,342.

—.----.,
10,053,7691 12,018,411
auartere Ended April 5.

1825. i 1824.

1,7011
85,971
89,125,
4,735,176
1,210,0001

1,701
86,900

89,125
1,737,909
1 0110,000

1,406,0001 1,400,000
212,500 212,00
94;265, 94,1:94
49,892' 387,481

7,918,630 sielopoo
2,154,139 3,778,411

10,053,769 11011641'

1,541,9115,

,c 7-8,41,1

3,417,103' 1,381,3032
Ia dO, 26
