against that which had been done. It appeared that a hisodeiedi
thousand Frenchmen were ready to march to make Wal oft
Spain. But they did not march to make war against Spain alone,
but against every independent State, against every free Consti-
tution. He therefore thought that every free State ought to op-
pose the designs of the Allies. He •could not help feeling din
posed to inquire what instructions had been given to the English
Ambassador at Verona. and what countenance he bad given to
the project, when told that the three great Pawed were about to
march against Spain, because she had committed the crime of
framing for herself a Constitution? He should like to know
what answer had been given by the Representative of Englasd
se the congress. when this communication was made to him?—
Sorely, the Plenipotentiary of a country like this ought to
have insisted that the Spaniards should be allowed to exercise
those rights, which were the common rights of all mankind. He
was of opinion, that if a remonstrance on the part of this coun-
try had been strongly pressed, that that Sech which had been
delivered to the French Chambers by the King of France would
never have been made. If it had been stated in the Congress
that England would consider an attack upon Spain as an act
of aggresfion against herself, it was probable that France
would not have persisted in the course which she was pursuing.
This ought to have been declared, for could Ministers shut their
eyes to the fact, that to make war on Spain was in truth an at-
tack on England ? lie hoped, upon this subs, the opinion of
that House would be unanimously expressed. The details of
these measures which public economy required, those of the
Treasury, and all the facts connected with the severe suffering
of a most important body in tke community, must all come
before that House; but beds, first moment of their meeting be
thought it would be well that all these should be put aside
for the moment, that the Commons of England might at once
prove themselves prepared to go any- lengths in defence of the
independence of Spain, and do 11l is their power to repel the
blow about to be aimed at the heart Of Mir country which was
her nearest ally. He had not foreetteu the Lin-page held in 1820
by the Emperor of Russia on the subject of free institutions, which
ought only to emanate from the Throne; his conduct had been
consistent with the principle then avowed. When Naples was
overran Piedmont fell the next victim, and he had stated at the
time, though be was rebuked for doing so, that if opporturilty.
served Spain would be the next object of attack. It ought nosf
to be remembered that firmness on our part might save- Spain.
but any wavering on the part of England would cauglier
ally
to be lost for ever.
The question was then put, and agreed to Shassiniass/y.
A Committee was appointed to frame the Address, purimaiii
to the Resolution just voted; and at lhlf-past Eight the House
adjourned.

1 Mi. EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5. IS
TUE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, HALF-PAST TWELVE-

The bustle and confusion this morning in the above market
was very great. At the opening of the Consols the prices varied
considerably, they were done from 751 to 11 1. The speech
of Lord Livearoox has caused a great sensation on 'Change.
pending negociation, on our part, between France and Spain, as
well as the reported stay at idzslrid of the French Minster, has
had the effect of raising our Funds from 751 to 761 1. Expresses
from Paris bring the French Funds of Monday 3 per Cent.
higher. They were u high as 82.

FOSEIGH IrUNTS. •
New Spanish Bonds opened at 31, got up to 38, 37i 373
37}. A good deal of business was doing in the above Bonds
this morning.
Current Prien:—Chilian 68i, New Spanish 7,7 i, Old 41, New
Prussian 74. 01179, Russian 74, Danish 80, Neapolitan nothing
done, Peruvian nothing done,Colombian 46, Spanish Scrip 274.
Plt ICES OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 2391/2
3 per Cent. Reduced 763/4 77 76% 77%+
3 per Cent. Consols 753/4 761/4
3 per Cents. 88% 893/4
4 per Cents. Old 951/4 Vi 05
4 per Ct. New 95% 3/4—Bank Long Ans. 1978 20
India Stock 240 241—Bonds 295. 325.
Exchequer Bills of £l,OOO, 12s. 14s 15%. •
Consols for Acct. 751/2 % 1/s %a 1,4 763/4.

An Express arrived this morning from Paris, with
private letters of Monday, stating that it was con-
fidently reported in the above Capital, that the Bri-
tish Ambassador at Madrid had succeeded in bring-
ing the Spanish Government to an amicable arrange-
ment with France. When this intelligence was made
known at the Stock Exchange. Consols - rose to
76',4 ; and Spanish Bonds to 39.

If, like some of our cotemporaries, we were to
boast of the priority of our intelligence, or the cor-
rectness of our views, we might appeal with confi-
dence to the Speech of his DlAJerrv, as fully con-
firming what we stated had been, and n ould be, the
line of policy adopted by the British Government.—.
Even at the time when we were told that our Envoy
at Verona boa not sufficiently exerted his influence,
or had failed' in rendering it availing in preventing
.war, we contended that the Duke of WELLINGTON
had succeeded in preventing the Holy Allies from
attacking Spain ; and when war was declared by all
our cotemporaries as inevitable, we said that it was
still doubtful.
But to come more immediately to the KING'S
Speech, we would refer to the STAR of Saturday, in
which we distinctly stated the view it would take of
the 'efforts the British Government had made, and
was stilt making, to preserve the peace of Europe.
Those efforts are such as to give great confidence in
the new Administration (for so it may justly be
termed), and to raise the character of this country in
the estimation of every friend to liberty and huma-
nity. While the Holy Allies have been, and are now
planning how they shall crush the last spark of free-
dom on the Continent of Europe, how gratifying is
it to learn from the Throne that " his Masam de-
clined being party to any proceedings at Verona,
which could &deemed an interference in the internal
concerns of Spain on the part of foreign Powers."
This is a distinct and explicit disavowal of any
participation in, or approval of the iniquitous crusade
against Spain, and it was re-echoed by the Ministers
and by all parties in both Houses of Parliament.—
Bat this is not all s his MA.I ars declares that " he has
since (that is, since the Congressof Verona) used, and
coatinwes to .144 his Met Mafia' endeavours and
good offices to allay the irritation unhappily subsist-
ing between the Reach and Spanish Governments,

•
Ind to wart, if pciadisle. **auk of war between
France and, Spain."
A stronger ten* than irritation, and a marked re-
probation of the eanduct-of France, which is the sole
aggressor in the quarrel. would have better charac-
terised the conduct of that Government, but it would
Gertainly have endanger-id our chance of being suc-
cessful in our mediation if we bad positively declared
ourselves on either party.
No Speech from the Throne ever gave more satis-
faction, and the utmost unanimity prevailed in both
Rouses, with the exception of an- ill-timed amend-
ment respecting the interminable su4ect of Agricul-
tural dittreu, :moved_ by Earl STANHOPE, and very
properly negatived by a majority of sixty-two toi
three. All parties agreed in condemning the outrage'
meditated against Spain. The Earl of MORLEY, who
moved the Address, said, he would maintain the
right which one nation had to regulate its own
affairs, without any right of interference on behalf of
any other nation:" and stated the measures taken by
our Government to prevent such interference.
Earl STANHOPE talked of nothing but agricultural
distress. He was followed by the Marquis of LAMP.
DOWN, who, in an able speech, very properly observed,
that there was that in the present crisis of Europst
which should alone arrest their Lordships attention.
-His Lordship regretted that the Speech did not'
strongly reprobate the conduct of France, a conduct
which had been induced by our " restoring that
driesty to the Throne which was now totally un-
'mindful of the right we claim to protect the inde-
,penence. of other nations." Speaking of the league
which the Holy Allies have funned against the liber-
ties of Europe,And its results, his Lordship said, the
history of the world proved that " the worst perfidy
and slavery had grown out of inch armed interference
as that now thteatenedP !le further declared his
conviction, tit tt there was not.a Statesman in either
House of Parliament, or a man in the country who
was so base as to defend the conduct of France, or
approve of the system upon which the concerns of the
G: eat Powers of Europe were conducted..
The Earl of Ltveneoot., in a manly and ingenuous
speech, defended the Speech, as being sufficiently ex-
plicit, and gave the most positive and decided con-
tradiction to the Notes of the Allied Powers to Spain,
particularly that of Russia, as to the charge of her
seeking to extend her principles to other countries,—
" Spain," said his Lordship " never wished to dis-
seminate her opinions; so far from this, she had of-
fered the most ample guarantees to the. contrary ; and
her Revolution had been conducted with less violence
than any other. Whatever objections," continued his
Lordship,. " might be offered to, and whatever dab
fects might exist in the Constitution of Spain, yet
there had been, and he sincerely trusted would I*
a less taint of b100..1, mime, and violence, than was
sacred by almost any °thee example of similar Revo-
lution thit had °centred in modern history."
Another part of his Lordship's speech recommends
itself strongly to the public attention, and ought even
to make the llovrtsoss, mad and infatuated as they
are, pause before they rush into a contest which must
terminate in their total ruin. On the question of thel
policy of the war with which Spain was threatened,l
his Lordship said, he probably felt more strongly than
the Noble Marquis (LAssDowN)—be meant with refer-
ence to the probable effect of war, not on Spain only,
but on France—not on France only, but on all Europe.
For much as he dreaded and deprecated war, as af-
fecting the interests of Spain, he had no hesitation in
saying that he dreaded and deprecated it still more
as affecting the interest of France, and through France
of all Europe." Tbis sentiment of his Lordship was
loudly cheered by the House, as was ancther obser-
vation of his Lordship, " that if unavoidable circum-
stances presented no alternative to this country but
that of war, we were in a situation to meet it."
Lord ELLENSOROUGH wished that our Govern-
ment had declared itself more decidedly against the
despotic power of the Continental Sovereigns.
• In the House of Commons the Speech gave rise to
a very animated discussion, which was conducted
with singular unanimity. The Address was moved
and seconded by Colonel cHILDE and Mr.Wsurscan.
They were followed by Sir Jusren YORKE, who de-
precated the attack on Spain as impolitic and unjust,
and one which must Ultimately involve this country.
Mr. BROUGHAM, in one of those forcible and elo-
quent speeches which great occasions call forth, took
an able view of the political state of Europe. Hs
branded with severe but just terms the infamous
conduct of the Holy Alliance-Land expressed a hope
that all would express abhorrence, unqualified abhor-
rence, at the canting and hypocritical efforts and pro-
ceedings against Spain, when men, with the sentiments
of religion and humanity on their lips, sought to pio.
mote their own base views, and to introduce their own
uncivilized, or halkivilized, hordes into the contest.
He exposed, in manly eloquence, the inconsistent con-
duct of the Holy Allies, who had declared the Cotter
of Spain legitimate, and now condemned them. 7
Those " armed critics," as he termed the Sovereigns
of Russia, Austria, and Prussia, be said,. a did not
like free institutions, even in this country, and
it therefore behoved free States to resist the- princi-
ples of this Holy Junta." The whole Speech of Mr.
BROUGHAM was listened to with the utmost attention,
and made a strong impression on the HoOtep
Sir FRANCIS BORDSTT felt so assured that MT.
Brougham did but echo the general feeling, that be
did not enter at large into the question, but conga-

_.. • •
'tohited the Mese that there NouliPtiowle ki-titsited
itarbament as•well as an united People. 6,
*0 Secretary Peat. said that, *ben AS iimar-for
explanation came, it would be fodiid that the English
(government had sustained the, national character by
lan observance of the principle that every State was
the best judge of the mode of reforming itself, and
of the course necessary to be adopted for its permanent
security. He said there was no adequate grounds of
interference even stated in the speech of the king of
France, and expressed a hope that peace world be
preserved.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH strongly reprobated the
conduct of Louts XVIII. whose Speech he said was
nothing less than a declaration against the character
of the People of England—a slander against his Met•
Jewrys. pretensions to the Crown—a denial of the
pretensionsof WILLIAM the Third to the Sovereignty,
and of the rights and privileges established by Magna
Charter. He said he was ashamed to acknowledge
Sovereigns capable of such conduct as allies of this
country.
Mr. DENMAN followed in the same strain of indig-
nation-against the conduct of the Holy Alliance; and
there never, perhaps, was an occasion on which a
great public question was discussed with such cor7
diality ; all parties concurred in- condemning that
;odious doctrine promulgated at Verona, of the right
of interference in Foreign States :and all felt that it
was the duty of this country to resist it.
On some other p3ints the KING% Speech is highly
satisfactory. On the subject of the Piracies in the
West Indies, Spain has engaged to make a satisfac-
tory reparation. An arrangement has also been made
with the Governments of Spain and the Netherlands
for the more effectually erasing that horrid blot on
humanity, the Slave Trade.
The diminution of expenses, and the increase :of
the Public Revenue, enable his .MAJESTY to give the
assurance of a farther considerable reduction in the
burdens of the People. That reduction will, as we
stated, be in the Assessed Taxes ; and here we cannot
but contrast this assurance with the declaration of
the Marquis of,LoNnownsuev, in the early part of
the last Session, when he asserted that retrenchment
and reduction had been pushed to its utmost extent;
and even threatened to resign if it was attempted to
carry it any further. Yet, in that very Session, the
Noble Marquis was compelled to repeal about three
millions of taxes; and, after that relief, his %veiny
now promises-a farther considerable reduction.
The only part of the Speech that somewhat disap-
points us is the allusion to the affairs of Greece and
Turkey, on which the Speech says, " In the East of
Europe his MAJESTY flatters himself that peace will
be preserved." For ourselves, we see no middle
course that can save the Greeks, who appear to have
no alternative but independence, or a return under
that despotism which will increase its severity in pro-
portion as it has been resisted.
It appears from an observation that fell from Mr.
Pen., that the new Chancellor of the Escheqeer,
Mr. Rosismos, will not delay his Budget to near the
end of the Session, like his predecessor, but that on
his return as a Member, he would take the earliest
opportunity of giving a general exposition of the
financial state of the country, in order to explain
those details of reduction and remission of taxes
which were intended to be made, and which he (Mr;
Prat.) was sure would meet with the warmest appro.
bation. He further observed, that .a considerable
part would apply to a diminution of the Assessed
Taxes.

This intelligence will, we are sure, be found highly
gratifying to the country; for, of all the taxes that
are levied, there are none that are-so sensibly felt by
the middle classes of society as the Assessed Taxes.
Several notices of motions were given, and one on
this subject by Mr. MARERLY, though at so distant
a day as to afford Ministers sufficient time to make
their Expose to the country.

In another part of our Paper we have given ex-
tracts from the French Papers of Sunday, relative to.
an affair between the Constitutional forces and the
rebels in the neighbourhood of Madrid. The ac-
counts come through so perverted a channel that
they must be looked to with suspicion.
Luckily for Spain the Royalists are divided, and
a new Regency has been formed, which strongly
censures the former one, and from which(D'EaoLga,
QUESADA, and O'Dot►sat. are excluded. They have
issued a Proclamation, which is as clumsy a docu-
ment as ever was fabricated, and proves that there
is not a man of ordinary intellect: in the new Junta
of five Memberii.

-~..

• .

.
This forenoon 'wit teeeteedilt 'Braille' Mail, -with
Rio Janeiro Papers to 44th peasib-a.
contain a long account of the Germaine of tote new
Emperor, on the Ist of December, which was. at-
tended by the Consul of the United States and several
European Consuls.

,r„ ..

We are ettreMelrOrryrto lett' that his MAJBSTY
has not yet been • able to leave his room ; and it is
feared that he it not :a well as he Was. a few days ago,
The Date of Yofek yesterday said* be going
, .
srett :• :*
112i.;WiLsiiiroics, Op hii way to his b Ouse, Brorpp-•
ton Grove, in his chariot yesterday, had a very_ nar-
row eseaperthe hfirsei becoming restive, set of on si
gallop; and he in k Out of the Citriit'ge.
We are happy to state that he sustained no very se-
rious injury.
