HOUSE or CONI3IONS.

The Earl of &oriel:, WI l'i.usista, and Mr. WETIIF-It ELL.,
rs on the Election Ballots, were ordered to be. elis-
.::l.:rged, on payment of their fees.
the motion of Mr. WRODIESLIY, the second reading of the
l'Atnti Specification Bill was postponed till that day six months.
the Honourable. Gentleman said, 1w had been induced to ac-
cede to this course, in order that the subject might be referred
t.• a Select Committee the next Sessioe._

Mr. M. A. TAYLOR brought up the Report of the Com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the possibility of making steam
engines consume their own smoke.. The object of the inquiry
has been completely answered ; and be gave notice, that early in
she neat Session he would bring •in a Bill to declare the law on
this subject, and to prevent persons erecting furnaces for steam
engines, from lonvr creating those nuisances which every Gen-
tleman must be aware at present existed (springing from this
source),in various parts of the Metropolis.—The Report was or-
•dersd to be printed.
Mr. FREEMAN presented a Petition from St. George's in
the West, praying for an inquiry into the past and present state
‘,f Water-works, and praying that some Parliamentary mea-
sssre might be founded thereupon.
A similar Petition was presented by Mr. WILMOT, from
I.!ary-la-bonne.
.nnilar Petition was presented by Mr. li,OBHOUSEfrom
sh.• Parish of St. James Westminster.
Jr. DICSTT presented a similar Petition from St. Pancras.
to Petitions were ordered to be printed. _ _ .

KENNEDY presented aPeihion from the Proprietors

i.tr.d in the County of Argyle, complaining of the present
:ech of levying Malt Duties in Scistland ; and a similar Petition
Ole borough of Campbell Town.—The Petitions were ur•
t.,•:;d to to printed.

. -
.••,rWILLIAM CURTIS brought in the City of London
Regulation Bill, which was read a first time.

NORFOLK JAIL.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH presented a Petition from the She.
rite's of Norfolk, complaining of the present regulations With re-
spect to the treatment of Prisoners confined in Norfolk Jail.—
he Honourable and Learned Gentleman stated several cases of
hardship where prisoners were left in jail, some for ten months,
some for nine and eight months, charged with various offences,
end without having the opportunity of being brought to trial,
there being but an annual Assize held in that part of the country.
Mr. 1-1.1.11.80 RD said, that the Norfolk Jail was not fit
La. the habitation of human beings. ' The cells were narrow and
/Loup, anti were three feet beluw the ground. At the time he
the Prison tiizre were ten persons remaining untried,
11:e olde‘t of whom was nut more than eighteen years of age.—
TaJse persons were in the day time divided from the convicted
felons only by an open railing. The government of the Jail
...LS open to every objection. There was no classification of the
rizaners--no species of employment—no inspection—no mural
4:struction.

Sir G. COCKBURN roeommended that the Norfolk Ses-
:ions should be held for the trial of those prisoners who were
Itow detained for trial at the General Assizts. Ile said a short
Mit coved se brought in to remove the prisoners to Thetford,
where the Sessions are held. The Magistrates of Hull removed
the iri,or.i.rs to the City of York. e saw no reason why.the
sawn: might not b.. done in the present cast.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH objected to both suggestions. The
first w °LIM ito esbiblish a sort of jurisdiction not favourable to
the prisoners. With respect to the removal of the prisoners, it
welld be expensive to the county, and a hardship on them.
The l'etiti.it was ordered to be printed.
Ohslatle.S POEMS.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH =idle had to present to the Howe,
a l'etkion, coir.pl:aning of the conduct of a Literary .Body—
h_ the Highland Society in London. The Petition was
ircm a Mr. Hugh Campbell, a student at law. Mt. Campbell,
it seemed, impelled by a laudable zeal to promote the ancient
literature of his country, bad, at a very great expense and per:;
hicuaver.ience, made different journies both to the Hebri-.
drs and to the Province of Ulster, in Ireland, in order to awes.-
.he topography of the scenes of the Poems of Ossian, par-
ticularly the epic poem of Fingal. Mr. Campbell complained
that the Highland Society refused him compensation fur the
trouble and expense he had gone to. The Hon. Gentleman said
that he feared, however, that the House were sot sairsciently
versed In Celtic Literature to decide exactly on the claim.—
lie still felt it his duty to lay the Petition before them—The,
Petition was ordered to lie on the table:

COPY RIGUT.—THE MANUMISSION OF SLAVES.
Sir J. NACKINTOSH said, be felt it his duty to state, hat
it seas his intention, either at an early period of the nest Ses-
sion, nr (if circumstances admitted) at a subsequent period of
the present, to bring forward two measures•of importance before
Pariia-nent. The first would be a Bill to amend the law re-
Uti-g to the Copyright of Printed Pocks. The next would be
a- Address to his 3lajesty, relating to the Manumission of Slaves
sr AL parts of the King's dominions where the unfortunate
r.ren of slavery exists.
