EAST INDIA HOUSE.

A Quarterly General Court of Proprietors of East
India Stock was held yesterday, at the Company's
House, in Leadenhall•street.
A Dividend of 51 per cent. for the half-year com-
mencing thesth January last, and ending the sth July,
was declared on the Company's Capital Stock.
General THORNTON brought forward his motion for
theßeduction of the Interest on East India Bonds ; which,
alter a few obset vationsfrom the Chaitman,Mr.Lowndes,
Mr. Addinell, and Mr. D. Kinnaird, was withdrawn.
Mr. D. KINNAIRD expre,sed Ms surprise that the
summary of the Marquis of Ilastings's administration
in India, which had been recently published, was not
placed amongst the papers that were about to be
printed for the purpose of illustrating the condact of
that Nobleman, while employed in the G3vernment
of India. The Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving
for the production of that document.
The Motion was agreed to after a long discussion, in
which several of the Directors defended the course
which had been pursued by the Executive Body, on
the ground that the document in question did not pos-
sess 7.11 official character. _

Mr. D. KINNAinv then moved for a dispatch relative
to the retrenchment of the Indian Army, which he
stated to be absolutely necessary for the purpose of elu-
cidating a very important period of the Noble Mar-
quis's Administration.
A very long and desultory debate followed, in the
course of which Mr. Impey moved, as an amendment,
" that this Com do now adjourn."
Oa this question the Court divided, when there ap-
peared to be twenty Proprietors for, and twenty against
the motion. _ .

The Chairman then gave his vote in favour of the
adjournment, and the Couit broke up :it twenty Mi-
nutes after seven o'clock.

Lady GRANTHAM gave one of the most splendid balls
of the season on Monday evening, at the tiepin mansion of the
Countess Da GREY, in St. James s.square.
A letter was received express from Falmouth yester-
day, which informs us that affairs were going on fa-
vourably at Colombia, and that Colonel HAMILTON,
the head of the British Commission, intended to have
sailed for England in the RINALDO, but was prevented
by indisposition. Ile may, however, be expected by the
next arrival. Mr. WILDMAN, M.P. and Colonel CAMP•
BELL, came passengers in the RLNALDOs
Letters from Illinois state, that party spirit runs very
high in that State, with respect to a Convention for the
purpose of introducing slavery. It is said that both
parties are equally confident of success. Such is the
feeling, that the ordinary intercourse between families
who are divided upon this question is inteirupted.—New
York Paper.—Query. Which side will Ir.Bir kbeck take?
NATIONAL SOClETY.—Yesterday the General Com-
mittee of the National Society for the Education of the
Poor in the Principles of the Established Church, held
their meeting at St. Martin's Vestry Roost; the Bishop
of SALISBURY in the Chair. Seven fresh schools were
united to the Society, and eleven grants of money, in
sums from 201. to SUOI. each, ucie made towat ds the
erecting, enlarging, and fitting up of school. toms.
