A tt..rdance at home for consultation as usual.
GO SS Co. M: IL& Surgeon; 100. 11.
Ntrcct,

.. ,

•
• Eliingttin, Irfirl,•9th Oct. 1829. '
G [NI LEMEN, •
•
['INS is illy duty to return yO9 • Bnr most ardent
. and sincere th .o.ks for the Iseukat tor-11111192uts received from
our truly valuable Medicine, the I.lovali Arnecousuvic Doors,.
,i.,1 wish you by ill means' to makelf others similarly
afitcted may know there is such a reowdyje Item. .1y Mfg had
zn' Oct rated Ancle for more than hiteelt,yiars, during most of
which period she antlered excruciating pitioyaknd (yr many tupntbs
trag,:her was unable to walk across the room, much ku to attend.,
tat Ater domestic concetns a She was, iiiibecourse of heradlittion,
tar der the immediate care and attendance of anumber of able ,nd
ex,krienced Physiciaa' end Surgeons,- h:bra' souse of whoui she
certainly (amid a temporary relief for ten dus'or a fortnight -I,bot
the cootpteint generailj returned with double Violence, so that we
despaired of ever oh:aisting a cure, 'ashy sawrtsccidem, we iveve
recommended by a gentleman of It ork, who himself had recelvedia
•iperfect cure from them. I procured two anasChottles from /dm,
Deighton, your A-gent in that City. which my .wife took, and after-
wards a large bottle, which she also tail* befice the coati:taint
scented to give way : we were then almo.t i...eady to despond and
discontinue the medicine; but being urged link to perseverersfe
did so, and after raking akw more bottles, am happy to inlet's%
you she has gained a Complete cure, and now .enjoys good health--
t, aLle to attend to her•domestic cancerns.as walk*, she was below
Ler dreadful affliction. It is now ten months since she recovered,
acd his had no appeirance of the eomplaintiince.

I shill be glad to satisfy any inquiries un the subject. .11 by let
ter, the postage must be paid. '
I .m, Gentlemen, with esteem and gratitude,. .
Tiar obedient bumble servant, , •
• THOMAS wututu GE.

To Messrs. J. Lignuni ;end Son,
Surgeons, Mancherter.
These Drops are sold in moulded square battle* etas. &Las. 64.,
znd Ils. each, by John Lignum and Son,,Stiigeons,&c. 6i5, Brit
*tree, Manchester; Butlers, Chemist'. Cheapside, corner of ILI
Paul's, London ; 73, Prince's-street, &Whores; sad 34, resis-:
ville-street, Dublin.; Evans, 42, Long-lane, West. Smithfield ;t
Sutton and Co. Dow Church. yard ; BAciay add Sons, 95, Fleet-,
market ; E. KdWards, 67, St. Paal's Classabiard; F. Newersy.
cod Sone, 45, St. Paul's Church-yard; ,F. Newhery and, Sons,
Agents to the Sun Fire Offer, 9p, Dame-otroet, Dublin; Scott
Ind Orr, 100. South kleidige, and 67, Priasseastroet, Rdiablulb
it. Nelson, Glasgow ; and all respectable Medicine 'Venders.
Of whom also may be had, Mr. Ugnuas's Improved VICQE.'
TA OLE LOTION, for all Scorbutic &optima, rice Si. ctrl. duty
included.
:%Ir. Lignum's SCURVY OINI'MENT stay now be had of
the above Agents, price Is 01. each Pos,dotislaelodoti.

net, by perchase, ;ice hisinwaring, whose appointment has not
taken place.
Sd Dragoons—Captain George Hobart, from the half pay, to be
Captain, •ice William Henry Gram, who exchanges, receiving
the dillkrenee.

7th Regiment of Light Dregerma. George Rdiln, Gent. to be
Veterinary Surgeon, vice RAM Dawdle, who retires upon
half pay.
leth Light Dragoons—Cornet-X-41mM be Lieutenant, without
purchase, eke Seward, deceased I Illness %strop 111.11shon,
Cleat. to be Cornet, vice Agar.
tat or Grenadier Regiment of Feet
pent Richard Foam tab.. "

...

Ist Regiment of Foot—Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Stuart Camp-
bell, from the 26th Foot, to be Lieutenant-Colonel vice Arm-
strong, who exchanges; Hospital-Assistant Joseph Steel to be
Asaistant-Surgeon, vice Rrydoo, deceased.
2d Foot—Lieutenant-Colonel Jolur-Gregory Daumgardt, from the
Slst Foot, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice Williams. deceased;
Ensign Laurence Crate., from the Ha Foot, to be Ensign, vice
Hutchins, who exchanges; Jtmes Hall, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Crete*, who retires.
6th Foot—Eaden John Thomas Latham to be Lieutenant, with-
out purchase, vice Thompson, appointed to the 26th Foot; The-
cae' Graham Egerton, Gent. to be Ensign, vice Latham.
14th Foot..—Ensign Henry Thomas Hutchins, from the 2d Foot, to
be Ensign, vice Cralgie, who exchanges.
17th Foot—Colin George Campbell, Gent. to be Ensign, by pur-
-1 chase, vice Gosset, appointed to the 64th Foot.

Foot—Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Armstrong, from the lit
Foot, to be Lieutettant-Colonel, vice Campbell, who exchanges;
Lieutenant Michael Point= to be Captain, without purchase,
vice Alarshall, deceased. To be Lieutenants, without purchase
—Lieutenant Edward Regan Gregg from the 50th Foot.; En-
sign Thomas Seccombe ; Ensign Thomas Earle Welbtsr
ea
Boyes, deceased. To be Ensigns, without purchase--
Octavio, G. Permit, from the 30th Foot, vice Strong, who oz.
changes; Anthony Forbes. Gent. vice Welby. To be Adjutant,
with the rank of Easign—Serjeant- Major Alexander Msentl.
nald, vice Pointe, promoted.
30th Foot—Lieutenant James Poyntz to be Captain, without
purchase, vice Mann, deceased ; Ensign Richard Henry Strong,
from the 26th Foot, to be Ensign, vice Perrott, who exchanges.
31st Foot—Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Mitchell, from the
Rifle Brigade, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, without purchase, vice
Baumgardt, appointed to the 24 Foot; Ensign John Cassidy
Stock to be Lieutenant, without purchase, vice Strode, ap-
pointed to the ltith Foot; Frederick Spence, Gent. to be Ensign,
vice Stock.
534 Foot-r Ensign Abraham Whitfield, from the 86th Foot, to be
Lieutenant, wigiout purchase, vice Flake, cashiered by the sen-
tence of a Genital Court Martial.
3341 Foot—Lieutenant Henry Bristow, from the 47th Foot, to be
Lieutenant, vice Waddell, who exchanges. •
40th Foot—Livia:ant William Serjeantson to be Captain, by pur-
chase, vice Merow, who retires ; Ensign Thomas Jamie Valiant
to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Sericantson ; Henry Furey,
Wakefield, Gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Valiant. .
41st Foot—Captain William Dempster, from the hal&Pay, to be
Captain, vice Guinness, appointed to the 94th Foot.
44th Foot—Lkatenent Arena Arundel Boma to be Captain,
by purchase.vice Clarke, who retires; Ensign Edmund Stuart
to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Browne; Janes Dunne,
Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Stuart.
45th

Foot—Captain Edward French Boys to be Major, by pur-
chase, vice Hilton deceased.
47th Foot—Lieutenant William Robert Waddell, from the 38th
Foot, to be Lieutenant, eke Bristow, who exchanges.
49th Foot—To be Lieutenants without purchaik—Ensign Avertll
Daniell; Ensign John hlacnamara, vice Stem promoted. To
be Ensign without purchase—John Myers Montgomery, Gent.
vice blacnainara. To be Adjutant with the rank of Ensigo—
Serjeant Major Arthur M' en, from the 98th Foot, vice
Simpson deceased.
54th Fout—To be Lieutenant Colonels—Lieutenant-Col. MUdmay
Fans, from the 98th Foot, vice KeUy, who retiree; Major
Richard Murray, by purchase, eke Nott, who retires. To be
Major by purchase—Captain John Clarke, vice Murray. To be
Captain by purchase—Lieutenant Alfred Lord Harley, vice
Clarke. To be lieutenants--Ensign Frederick John Chinnery,
without purchase, vice Henderson, appointed to the 49th Foot ;
Ensign John Ross Wheeler; by purchase, vice Lord Harley.
To he Ensigns—Donald Macdonald, Gent. without purchase,
vice Chinnery; Henry David Williams, Gent. by purchase,
vice Wheeler.

62d Fow—Lieutenant George Kirkaldy, from half-pay 30th Foot,
to be Lieutenant, vice James Joseph Brett, who exchanges, re•
celving the difference.
63d Foot—Major Joseph Logan, from the Rife Brigade, to be
Lieut.-Colonel, by purchase, vice Battersby, who retires.
64th Foot—Captain James Edward Freeth to be Major, by pur-
chase, vice Johnson, promoted; Liewenant James Draper to
be Captain, by purchase, vice Freeth ; &luso George Du-
berley. to be Lieutenant, by purchase. vice Draper • Ensign
George Begot Gossett, from the 17th Fuot, to be Ensign, vice
Duberky.

• 77th Foot—John Edward Lewis Gent. to be Ensign. by ruches',
vice Whalley, promoted.
list Foot—To be Captains—Captaln Edward Rowley HUI, from '
the 6+ll-pay, vice Ogden Creighton, who exchanges, receiving
the difference; Captain John Ogilvy, Irons the half-pay, vice
William Henry Langford Brooke, who exchanges, receiving the
difference.
• 66th Foot—John Scott. Gent. to be Ensign without purchase, vies
Whitfield, promoted to the &Id Fuct.
With Foot—Edmond/4ton, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice
White, who retires.
„44th Foot—Captain Arthur Guinness, from the 41st Foot, to be
Captain. vice Sadleir, who retires.
98th Foot—Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Fits Gerald, from tb•
ball-pay, to be Lieutenant Colonel, vice Fate, appointed to the
34th Foot; Assistant-Surgeon Robert Turnbull, from half.pay
Cape Regiment, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Lawder, pees
'noted to the 59th Foot.
Rifle lirlgade.—To be Majors—Captain Archibald Stewart. by •
purchase, vice Logan. promoted in the 634 Foot ; Captain Wins
Johnston, without purchase vice Mitchell. promoted in the 31st
. Foot. To be CagitaisaLieut.. John Sc. Vincent Saumares, by
purchase, vice Stewart; Lieut. John Alien Ridgway, without
purchase, vice Johnston. To be First Lleutenant•—Second
Lieutenant James Dilphin, by purchase, vice Saumares ; Se-
•• coud Lieutenant Thomas Wni. Smith, vice Ridgway. To be
Sieund Lieutenents--George Henry Cavendish. Gent. by port
chase, vice Dolphin • dent/ratan Cadet Robt. Pettey, from the
ituyal Military College, without purchase, vice Smith.
USAITACINID.

•

lijor Ralph Jobroon, from the 64tb Font, to be Lieut.-Colonel of
la.fantry, by purchase ; Liam John Osborne, from the 7th Dra-
gown Guards, to be Capttin of Infantry, by purchase; Nis**
• Gracie Whalley, from the 77th Rout, to be •Lieusimins In..
Navy, by puicbose. •
. Tb, under-meolarned Lieutenant, actually serving twan toile'
pay io a Regiment ut the Line, whose commission Is dated ig. the
year 18419, bill accepted promotion upon half pay, accoidttis tot)"
General Order of the 27th December, "I
lirtrbe Captain of JAfitntry••-LieutenaM rfaoris Oran!, from tpo
• • I".t•re 505...11 /13 V,13/ keit CASJIMS

David Crole,Bweetbsg's-aUey, Cornish', Exchange brisker, to aut.
render Jan le, 96, and Feb. 23, at ten, at the Court of Commis-
sioners. Attorneys,Mesers. Paterson and Pelle, Old Broad-street
Thomas Crump sada:John Cramp, Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire,
troolim drapers, Jan. 98, at four, at the Fleece Inn, Tewkesbury,
9e, and Feb. 93, at ten, at the niece of Messrs. Brookes and Hays,
Tewkesbury. Attorneys, Mr. W. R: King, aerieant's Inn,
Fleet-atseet ; and Messrs. Brookes and Hays, Tewkesbury.
John Wood, Haddenhane, Buckinghamshire, baker, Jan. 15, hit, at
nine, and Feb. 23, at eleven, at the Court of Conunissionert.
• Amami's, Mr. C. W. Lovell, Sonth-square, Gtay's Inn; and
)dr.. 31 Palk Wish Wrecigabe, Becks.
&Aft,
Ikkniel Walhalla Guess, seep ends eel Jan. IS. 211,
Ind lieb. 23, at eleVen at the Coiwt loners. At-
toiney, Mr. Willis, Sloane-square; Chews.
Robert Franklln, Boutbampton.row, tailor, Jan. 15, at twelve, 22,
.0 eleven, and Feb. 93, at twelve, at the Conn of Commission-
ere. Attorneys, Mr. &ones , Cblncery-lane.

Andrea Gaetaao lypamonti, FOIL Ordinary-eonn, Nicholas-lane,
merchant, Jan. 15, 22, at ten, and Feb. 23. at twelve, at the
Court of C.ontmkatoners. Attorney, Mr. Coombe, robe:dawn.
yard.

Thomas Bellamy Clark and William Clark, Woodbridp. Suffolk,
drapers, Jan. 15, 22. and Feb. 23, at eleven, at the Court of
Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. 1). Jones, Site-lane.
Richard Gedden. Fenchurch-street, wine merchant, Jan. IS, at
eleven St, at ten, and Feb. 23, at eleven, at the Court of
Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. Murphy, Castle-alley, Comilla
Joseph Birka, Wicker*ley, Yorkshire, mantes., Jan. li, at one,
16, and Feb. 23, at ten, at the Guildhall, Doncaster. Attor-
neys, Mr. C. Lever, Gray's Inn-square; and Mr. F. Fisher,
Doncaster.
Thomas Bann. Liverpool. bricklayer, Jan. 23, 26, and Feb. 23, at
one, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Artotbeys, Mr. .1
Con, Liverpool; and Mr. Chester, Staple inn.
Jaines Horridge, Liverpool, confectioner, Jan. 26, 27, and Feb. 23,
at one, at the. Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Attorneys, Mr. S.
Bristowe, Liverpool ; and Mr. R. Smith, Chancery-lane.
Samuel Cooke, Coventry, ribbon manufacturer, Jan. 22, at three,
93, at ekveu, and Feb. 95, at ten, at the King's Head 1,,0, Co-
'entry. Attorneys, M . Austen and Hobson, Grey's Inn ;
and Messrs. 'l'. Troughton and Lea, Coventry.
Joseph Robison Stephenson, Manchester, ironmongers. Feb. 1,2,
at three, and 23, at nine, at the Palace Inn, Blanchester. At.
torneys Mr. J. Hampson, Blanchester; and •Messrs. Ellis and
Co. Chilncery.lane.
man as pAcksmed,Weishpool, Montgomeryshire, Innkeeper, Feb.
2, 3,and 93, at one, at the Glubc Tavern. Birmingham. Attor-
neys Messrs. Tooke and Cur, Bedford-row; and Mr. H. 81.
Griffiths, Birmingham.

William Dawson, Tetford. Lincolnshire. carpenter, Feb.lo, at
seven, 11, and tS, at eleven, at the Masons Arnu Inn, Loutb.
Attorneys: Mr. H. Pye, Louth; and Menu. Young and Val-
lions, St. blikired's-court, Poultry.

Richard May. Devooport, tobacconist, Jan. 26, 26, and Feb. 113.61
eleven,* Elliott's !loyal Hotel, Devooport. Attorneys, Mr.
G. Smith, Basinghall-street ; and Mr. J. Hus:aand, Devooport.
. DIVIDENDS.
March S. T. Kay. King-street, Covent-garden, linen draper, at
one, at the Court of Conunissioners—Jan. 26. J. C. Fuchs, Fins-
bery.square merchant,at ten, at the Court of Commissioners—Feb.
5. J. shamesde.Waagford. Suffolk, Inabolder, at ten, at the Angel
lon, Hiffeasisetb, Stiffolk--Feb. 5. J. &earns, Plymouth, adv.
owner, at eleven, at the Royal Hotel. Plymouth—Feb. 1. VI,
Yates, gen. J. Yates, W. Yates, jun. and B. Yates, leckheaton,
Yorkshire, cloth-manufacturers, at eleven at the ulnas House;
Wakefield—Feb. 4. T. Borkwuod, Norwich, beer brewer at four,
at the Bell Inn, Norwich—Feb. 2. W. Tarbutt and C. B. Tar-
butt, Si. Mildred's-court, merchants, at eleven. at the Court of
Commissioners—Feb. 2. J. Clarke, Regent-street, linendraper. at
twelve, at the Court of Commissioners—Feb. 2. T. Tindal, Hast-
ings, Susses, linendraper, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners—•
Jan. 29. H. Jackson, Mincing-lane' merchant, at 11, at the Court
of Cornmissiooerr—Jan. 22. T. R. Smith, Wignsore-st. Caveadish-
equate, linendraper, at ten, at the Court of Commisairusces--.Fab.
17. F. Fredericks, Crickhowell, Breconshire, banker, at one, at the
White Lion Inn, Bristol—Feb. 3. A. Sheath and Co. incoln,l
bankers, at three, at the Saracen's Head Inn, Lincoln—Feb. 2. W.
Roddis, BySeld, Northamptooshire, baker, at eleven, at the Red
Lion, Banbury, Oxfordshire—Feb. 2. J. G. Calbreatb, Houghton-
le-Spring, Durban', grocer, at eleven, at the George Inn, New-1
castle-upon-Tyne—April 16. A. M. Carver, Leicester, milliner. at
ten, at the White Lion Inn, Leicester—Feb. s. T. Sumner. M-
aim Lancashire, ironmonger, at eleven, at the Globe Tavern,
Birtningnam—Feb. 3. J. Moreton, Manchester, shopkeeeper, at
nine, at the Star Inn, Manchester.
CERTIFICATES.—Fee. 2.
T. Green, Coleman-street, Blackwell-ban-factor—R. Banks and
A. Richardson, Boston, Lincolnshire, shipwrights—F. Ewer, Lad.
lane. warebousenuo—A. Berry, King-street, Portman-square,
poulterer—.). Burteruhaw, Darlington-place, Southwark, builder.
—G. Knight. Backman-etre*, Southwark, tarpet-warehouseman.
—.J. Hart, Great Chart, Kent, dealer in hops—A. Duncalfe, Great
Suffolk•street, Surrey, hat manufacturer.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

M. J. De Mello and Co. London—R. Comb and W. Wray,•
blyddleton..street, Clerkenwell, dyers--I. Hebberd and W.Tboosp-
aon, Air-street, Piccadilly, sword cutlers—E. Gillespy and M.
Wauell, King-street, Cheapaide, dress-makers—J. J. Barker and.
H. Agate. Newington-Causeway. linen drapers—J. Brows and J.
Webster. Brick-lase. tolsacconlats—J. Thompson and J. Tbassp- ,
son—U. Price and T. Pugh, King-street, West SmithSeld, iron=
mongers—G• Lowe and W. Gough, Plummer's-row, City-road,
linen drapers—F. Smith and W. Elridge, Sedleseosobe. Sussex,
tanners— Atkinson and W. Jones. Gentile, bat makers—R.
Taylor and Co. (so far as concerns R. W. Kennard), Crescent,
Jew/in-street, wholesale jewellers-41. Greenwood and Co. Rib-
chewer (as far as relates to J. Coates and A. Sugden)—J.
Meredith and Co. merchants, (as far as regards S. Clinton and
S. Lawrence)—J. Day and D. P. Day, Linton, Cambridgeabire.
carpenters E. Holt and W. A. A. West, Liverpool. dealers in
crown glass —M. Franeeys and W. Spence, Liverpool, statuaries
—C. Higginson and J. Rawlins, Rupert street, Haymarket,
coach painters—C. Font and L. &lridgr, Camden-place, Peck-
ham, bricklayers-11. Castellain and C. Coptkall-court, mei-
cbants. (as far as. regards P. Vaacher)—G. Woodcock and Co.
Sheffield, Britannia metal manufacturers—H. Webber and H. W.
Webber, Newport, Idonntouthsbire, stationers—G. Clapham and
R. Holden, Leamington Priem Warwickshire, ironmonger's—
T. H. Brock and S. Hutt. Mambas!, Nottinghamshire, surge/As—
& Prichard and Co Kidderminster, wine merchants—W. .111a-
*oleo and G. Ilercer, Tunbridge Wells, veterinary sorrows—.
A. Tbomp.on and 11. Thompson, King-street, ClarkenweU. corn
*bowel makers—,W: 'Abercrombie and J. Macintosh, sail makers...-.
A. W. Lesser and R Wade. Utilon.street, Bishopsgate-street;
turners—J. Tanks and J. W. Howe. Birmingham, brass Wader,.
SCOTCH 'SEQUESTRATIONS. • . •
John Corrowman, Glasgow, writer, Jan. 1!, gfr, at the Xhieft,
Arno Inn, Glasgow.
Charles Fyle and to. Aberdeesr, merchants, Jan. la, ,29 it:tht
'moon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen. •
(gorge Sutherland and Co. Aberdeen ironmongers, Jan. 13, '99.
at the Lemon free T.itern, Aberdeen.
• aweameemarecommomee •
The foikireitig eioacdoto has just awe to ligabt by the
pretiocatinn the Mem/enrol' the eelebrasad noi-centes•nit.pr.
aunty. In 1671 (says the,Or.) Shishes=iwas i'idertigt
nod .oasager.utike 'No Act ; oath 11, a, *bats b, egg sba
Dos k,F of Buckingham and the cujier. gr , that totalled shat
Artliwstrat4;aaduted Use Diaisters that Id bate a dory's
tionstni.to their fawner inirarte.ather.Mt.tbceore isaiteat 'hash
elf Me.anhap sirWeitiriV

The Reglimb Court of Chancery Is the only remnant of a syttet.,
crow happily exploded in Europe, (with the exceptioe of ewe in-
significant courts in Sicily and Spain) in which the anti-Saxon law
kill finds refuge. In this country it is attlledininistered with all
the alloy of Its Noretaa original. That monkish ieq,nisition, the
only Institution of low known to the southern part of littrope in thy
middle ages, woe implanted in this country by a race of haughty
conquecers, dlatlegithhed foe their litigious and overbearing spirit,
whose peculiar policy invented a description of tenure, for the pur-
poott,o(givieg coheir of leoal justice to the ataintenanee of posse'.
s'asicobtablod by *Wary compost!

" The NOM= I:oll4peet was. not soopalsta AWL. Norman
lawyers had induced their laws, and reduced slavery to a sys.
tem."—Juirms.
These strangers established in England an interest till then un-
known, separate from the law of the land, or familiar to the Angiu-
Saxons, which has now merged In that vist community. and I may
add, perplexity of right, which in all countries, a. well as in this,
forms a substantive and consistent whole; and therefore ought to
be protected, and is so in every country but Ibis, by one uniform
system of jurisprudence.
The history of our Saxon and Norman ancestry will show a spo-
liation of the former by the latter, always under the pretence of
law and justice, which in those airs Meant equity. They mob by
the power of the sword; tray consolidated possessions thus sc.
quired by the Great Seal. This "veil Court oT Chancery was es-
tablished by them, for the purpose of cloaking exaction under the
semblance of justice. Founded originally tur-ilte purpose of con-
solidating spoliation, this Court has' passed with such antiquated
form► unharmed through all the revolutions which have taken place
in Great Brits* and now flourishes id the foil vigour 'of its ori-
ginal vicious constitution. • •

It evaded the attempts of Oliver Cromwell Mr iti reforiii, and
his remained ever as a gulf fur the reiej;fion oi impurity, absorb-
ing many of those undefined rights which were exercised by the
Star Chamber, and similar bietitadons of arbitrary power, which
but for thee:datum of this Court would have passed away upon
the eatinctioo of the " Principia" bg whiciLthey were kept in
being.• When such Courts were brain:44p, thdp fragments which
fell from the table of despotism wen aftequerds collected by
subtle judge!, to swell the rower of their r, aims, not under the
then eye of legislative jealouey. • thrutptisi j•., *.

" As when the COillmonsotnsibig,titty:hpissiatti nothing by
•PP•sina the King's will, when he.uni(ormig endeproured to wane
the profits of wardship. ind hveriei,.liere DoeFiontented to frame
a law, inch as he dictated to thettii4t wai edified that tbe pos-
session (attend shall be adjudged to be•intbutt Who have the use
of it, net* those tovehom it is transferre*tnipt."
In a late publication, entitled an Hiatistical Essay on &lava
Chant'. by Richard Thompeon, I liaithefollovAng passage :---
" The.C.ourt of Wards and Li'v, was erecAl by authority of
Parlament, in the year 154t1;324 M..e Vtlfechap. 46. It con-
fided of SS seafood, and its !Medi -warn" twilihtlkaillhe affairs of
dm royal wards, idiots. and **Ms. ft 1 • their property
and marriage. This Court waLa patalterf, or
.one which
'had power to bear pleas acetiiißog to the 'Lew, where
the darik‘a is 4M: mote : *lad ifilailikall 4,' it'll-was' eon.
Via
• sti•ineaterrllsekinerattorrotyramalftogeatre of the
rem et die estates, two audit/wad trptavard,ben44-two clerks of
the court to draw.leasess a Mcwenterenal. an:lo4r,
.all of whom
were to be admitted on uatk. The made?' the urinary,' and tbr
auditor*, or'any three of thiTh, migheiaWlfilegrint wirdships,
male sales of underwood, and take limbegafilloalse repair of the
teleg.leggs : they Might treat with - valtran-gfectosir.:martiage-
fingssz the property of idiots a atliqW-11118,4 was
to pay. to the treasurer' of tbelffnee all walks or
obll - for datiney reteivedby tbefffnatie iliet 'Mold re-
partake Kate and proceedings was Whitiwailirier tat mercer to
tit Moo In 1541, ssd of Alenrf.:Y.W4'.4olll,lWinti•fi9e and
Nab lo 1555, seventh Edward VI. clsap,l,ApAtt founding this
Old was eaplained; modulated, and re-eirad • but in 1661,
twelfth Charles Pl. chap. 24. it warAilibfirtipeilid, tle 'Court
• , raillery tenures were takeenairayinsaitlago mad free,
..14 el future tenures created bp the hipg were.tole indepeadent
of OW/ duty in war. The ma= for, abQritinkof„this Conn and
*lkon tenures wire•giveli in the iiiifOdentea Its,* new Act ;
an! they were firstly. that they bad-liken Winiebilithelsonte,
ftwa. and prejudidel to the kingdonetbanteeliiith been bine-
titrthe king; and that since. tbetattermitogenwor the Angush
Court in 1645, that is to say, item dt son) i of ibc civil
wars until the nestoration, many 'persons • isposrd of, and
willed away the lands which they held by kniglit,s' service:Vats-s-
-epia some questions might possibly idliaea-aledat some seasonable
remedy be taken to prevent the same, Itoteajl;tilesefore, of the
profits which the }log had hitherto. derivqtagrettas* Court of
Wards. be was to receive the excise ditties a ~tte.,.cid.
Quirt
Jac.
(Btatatetat large.)—BefOre e odelndlinillir Se Odhrt nf
Wards, it should be observed, tbat't . mid. de-
anery, and signifies that,wsit by *WA gif 4gil Age earaincti
possissioa of his lands froDi the king.".
..a,..,
I .bold like to learn by what Act of flikre4tslame all these
repels are vested in the Lord IligliSliatellikcs 4 '.
Again : " ibis power of feudal.loriaria7:f.:fieitik all the
management of the property of wards, &web t arat9Mana proper
persons by them appointed, by the At% se f tined, 12th
Charles 11. chap. 84, sec. 8. OuringttliPlantlki haslet's; Ale these
laws exleted, die present chapter of klagpfpurtagpaisindlasted as
an ancient institute of the Commuswilanto A8.1.1;44°440.6 in-
serted as 'a provision against luerciaaiy or ftiterested guardians
involving itself wards in -any itnYiropirwrinesionst, .fiy way bf se-
curing the estates for themselves. . . ..
•'After the Norman invasion. the eccledastical joriskliction was
separated from the civil ; and King AVilliatil soes4ffikted another
separation of the judicial end paragon-staff pstwee. vested in the
remaining members. On this Nowt he establldifityl %mutant
court in Ms own re.sideuce.indtlesi Ayla .Regip, or the hips's Hall.
which *is composed of the teat calked of .stitV”lN tlieie the
Lord Marshal generally ridded in mattersieldfairte" hoarier and
. _

... _ _ ___
• Ido not tneao to sap tbat the ram • 'Gas to.
office, as it was called, to suppress heresy, Was itil 'We Bri-
tain by the Tiornsltis • I mean to conhey any . jbe Nor-
La
'suns %sported into ibis ctiontryb ivetemet 711moded
,zeothe Nona principles as tbst whieb:wat e1e16044411141ed by
innocent 111. suer the sanguiaery . gimpArttre
[Protestant% width grew into the porn d
I.s/bib with asttos-d..-t.. .01.. civil, et
chas
ILlwonsent
Imes inquisitorial ; sit Saturn governissiot- WAIL • The
French revolution decroyed the Ira teolnaolarf 11111 Wilma • The
policy 0, irquhliiiiii?clvil lar.ineesovs eve[ tyd. ex-
cepting. in •U a
se pe territory, sod %eye aigcs you
which Model the tOf Chancery% elf,:lia eh • liiias iu
gorepe•of mbeb4ttower, Which takei• • UK stomata Mars.
- ...
by

. ..._ __ - --
• .The laquidsloti established by loweisicsfos,;4l4. isoress
Purro.4, of 449siDd of the "Oh stidolf llOklMt of hi.
toogotats over the primitive Protestaots. - ltopiiitiofaa sup-
press:of heresy afterwardi spread itiiitrilishiliostiltebtii parts ot
Europe, sod because as objectolAdloelpluts iir.Popes :
the people thus wcr Woad ap sy4usibleyo,2 4 thorny
whist they decried that of the owls ilturfArbsoas • man •
Off as we DOW accede to at CV • . WjdFa we
.
wrested from the Cioseiy.taulibetkil • . ' - -p1 '
The eodeavour of Spain. to , AZ .. 4,114; 4 Low
„ , ,
Air
Colour's* produced s retutiotioo _L:4 ,
~ .
• lode.
paodeac• of the uhltajAlkawisig, ‘-.70, 7, I '''
,` . ', .. 'shoo
of papal secular power. tiOd the ibscrgspo ~ ' .", _ • drove
out of Europe the poljcy o[.insoidtorlallaW, ..., ~
, , litelesi-
-1 satical whacky to thlogs spiritual.
