REVIVAL OF TRADE.

This week we have had an increase of buyers in Leeds
and Bradford, and the quantity of woollens and stuffs
passing daily through the bands of the carriers is rather
on the increase, compared with the favourable reports of
last week. Though the prices continue low, the trans.
actions are principally with the regular houses, and the
job• business, as it is called, seems nearly at an end.—
• Leeds Mercury.
BRADVORD.—In the stuff market this week, a great
deal of business has been done, and on some articles a
'small advance has been obtained. The symptoms of
improvement in trade have here assumed a more deci-
sive character. his said, but we cannot vouch for the
accuracy of the statement (no regular returns being
made), that 40,000 pieces were sold at Bradford on
each of the three last market days.—lbid.
' liastraz.--There have been considerable sales of stuff goods
effected here during the last and the present week, but the prices
sue soil ruinously
Htmemastrixt.D.—The market last Tuesday was no
better than several of those by which it was preceded;
a few goods were sold. but at extremely low prices.—
Plaids fetched only 61-d. per yard, which was the price
paid for weaving them not long ago; and swansdowns
were sold at Bd. a yard, which last year sold at ls. 6d.
There is no improvement in trade in Aldrnondbury,Brig-
house, Raistrick, and the other places where fancy
goqds are manufactured. A respectable man in Hud-
dersfield, who was, a very short time ago, a contribu-
tor to the fund for the relief of the poor, is now one of
the pensioners upon its bounty. The coarse woollens
manufactured at Mani and in the neighbourhood are
more in demand than they have been, and at rather
better prices.—Aid.
HECEMOTIDWIIM—The blanket trade of the West
Riding. which is carried on in this district, is in a very
depressed state; notwithstanding the near approach of
winter, the number of unemployed workmen in this
village and its vicinity is about SSO, and this number,
from the deficiency of work. is on the increase. The
sum of 2001. was received here on Monday last, from
the London Society for the relief of the distressed ma-
nuf tctures. in addition to SOW. before received.—Mid.

KElGHtm.—Several persons connected with the
worsted business have obtained employment in this
neighbourhood during the last fortnight, who have long
been out of work ; and it is hoped that these symptoms
ate indicative of a real revival of trade.—/bid.

Gz.asoow.—lt was stated in_our Paper of Saturday
that some improvement had taken place among the
manufacturers in this city ; since that time aeveralother
houses have commenced increasing the number of their
workers; so that there is now a pretty fair prospect of
a revival. The number of weavers out of employment
twill prevent any rise in the prices at present, but it is to
be hoped that the number will be speedily reduced, and
pikes improve, so as to place the operative above the
reach of want. Yarns are rather looking up, and the
holders are not much inclined to sell at the present
prices. The spinners consider that cotton wool must
soon rise; .and in the expectation that yarns will follow,
they are about to increase their hours of working,which
have been for a considerable time back extremely li-
mited. This improvement has also extended itself to
the linen trade, and several of the east country manu-
facturers have transmitted instructions to their agents
by no means to press sales, as they anticipate a rise of
at least 20 per cent. by the spring.—Glasgote Cron.

MANUFACTURES.
Upon comparing the accounts from the manufactu.
ring districts during the last- fortnight, it appears that
the distress has not only ceased to increase, but is
actually in a course of diminution. The patience
of the working classes has been most meritorious and
prgiseworthy ; and the benevolence of those, to whom
fortune had been more favourable. has been worthy. of
the occasion which called it forth. That patient en-
durance. and that benevolence, have done more than
at y political arrangement could have effected.

A new conservatory, upon an extensive and splendid
(mate, is building in the King's Palace, in Sc. James's Park. Ti ad.
joins the King's private apartments, near Constitution ELM
One of the objects connected with Mr. Patois (the
mew lessee of Drury-lane Theatre) journey to America, was for the
purpose of fawning the engagements of GARCIA, and the whole
corps of, Italian singers and dancers, for his American Theatre,
where, during the last season, they were eminently successful.
/Our Readers may not be swat e that notwithstanding
the permissive power given by. Parliament to Ministers
in the last session, to admit foreign grain into this coun-
try, that power is confined entirely to wheat and wheaten
8 .ur, which are not wanted, and does not extend to oats
or other spring corn. The Act is the 7th Geo. IV..cap.
71, and provides—
" That, at any time after the end of the present Session of Par.
!lament, and until the Ist day of January, 1827, or six weeks after
tile commence:l.ex of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament,
if Parliament shall not then be sitting, it shall be lawful for his
Majesty. by an ordcr or orders by him issued. and by the advice of
his Privy Council, to admit to enter for home consumption any
quantity of warehoused wheat or wheaten flour, not exceeding
504.4000 quarters in the whole, on payment of such duty as shall be
declared, in any such foster, to he payable upon the entry of the
&Ante. No such order in Council to continue in force more than
two months, and no wheat nt flour to be admitted to entry that has
been warehoused before the 2d of May.
St. ,s well of Blairgowrie has ceased to
flow—an event not known to have happened before.—Dinedsc rap

TILE QIEEKS. '
=TRACT OP A Littrilk DAVID MUM, JUit
do Among the ene thousand flying repents which
swarm here, two are deemed worthy of-credit. The first
is, that lbrahini Pacha.sent an expedition to Mains; the
ancient Messina, consisting of 2,000 men; these landed,
surprised a fort, and burnt it. The Mainotes. however,
who have never yet been subjugated to the Porte, rel.
lied, and attacked the Turks with such vigour the; gle,
I greater number were slain; the rest, with the exception,
of a few who surrendered, flung themselves into the
sea. A couple of Turkish vessels took these up., They
say that two hundred only have escaped. The other
report is, that another expedition had been sent, at the
same time as the former, in another direction ; that
these, too, surprised a small party, but that Coloco-
troni coming back with 4,000 men, drove them back to
Calamati. In addition to these reports, it is said that
the Greeks have attempted a diversion, and endea-
voured to draw off Ibrahim from Achaia, by attacking
Missolonghi, and that place has been retaken, but not
retained. Less credit is attached to this last than to the
two former accounts.

" So much for their straggles; and now let me give
a few hints (which to me seem important) relative to
the present state of the Greek cause.
" First, as to the characters of the Greeks; for upon
a cool view of that depends, in a great measure, the as-
sistance they are to receive from Europe. There are
two sets of men—the Miso-Hellenists, and the Phil-
Hellenists; the former comprehend almost all the British
in the 101 l in Islands ; and the latter all the totes maid
of Europe. Both appear to me to take very wrong data
as groundwork for their opinions. If we are to listen
to the former, they will recite innumerable acts of bar-
barity, perfidy, and atroeity,well-known—they will point'
out the uttei want of faith, honour, and morals, among
the Greeks; and it must be allowed, that, in point of
fact, they are right; but their inferences are too sweep-
ing and conclusive. The Phil-Hellenists, on the con-
trail, have their heads crammed with ancient Greeks,
and their ideas pre-occupied by their own imaginations.
If we are to believe them, these slaves of the Porte ate
all and each the worthy descendants of the Heroes of
Marathon. Nothing can be more false, and nothing,
therefore, more likely to prejudice their cause.
" I assert, then, that both these opinions are erroneous.
The first allows the Greek no virtue; the second, no
vice; and the fact is, that perhaps there is no modern
nation which has such strong capacities for both, and it
depends upon us to say which shall predominate. The
modern Greek is greatly debased; granted—but let it
be considered, that they have been enslaved by two of
the most barbarous nations in the range of history—
Venice and Turkey. The former kept them in ignorance,
and encouraged crime; the latter had nothing else to
communicate. Every body here, at Cotfu, remembers
the diabolical policy of the Venetians. If a nian wished
to murder his neighbour, he went to the Judge, asked
the fine before the deed was done; and if his purse was
sufficiently deep to make the agreement, he paid the
price of blood, and then quickly cut his enemy's throat.
" Well I who died last' night r was a common question
when neighbours met in.the morning. This is no idle
tale; for it is not twenty years since the system was in
full vigour.
" I need not hint the natural tendency of slavery and
oppression to encourage lying, treachery, and perfidy,
and with these their own concomitant—cruelty. But

does it follow, that because centuries of bondage have
made the modern Greek cunning, interested, and de-
ceitful, that he is not fit for freedom and for happiness?
Even if the matter were doubtful, the subject would
admit of much argument; but it is not doubtful, the
experiment has been made, and the answer is triumphant
—and here it is;

" Look to the little Islands of the ,Archipelago—to
Hydra, for example: who are its inhabit int: ? Why,
the degenerate Greek. A few fishermen first fixed theni-
selves on this rock, on which there is neither a single
blade of grass, nor even a spring of water. Others
gradually came from the Continent and settled. They
purchased permission from the Porte to govern them-
selves. As soon as this was grantsd, the little colony
throve; they built ships, formed a commerce, and soon
a fair town arose; and the astonishing number of forty
thousand inhabitants found a refuge from slavery on
this rock. The Conduriotti family acquired, it is said,
a million during the last war, and it was from this spot
that the revolution emanated. This little rock is still
the hope of Greece, although now their riches are gone
—expended for the common cause.
14 Will you talk to me, then, of selfishness, when men,
possessing wealth and comfort, thus ruin themselves,
for their country's sake? Or will you tell me there is
no virtue in a people whose women even fight? They
are brave, sagacious, and cunning; and they only want
enlightening to vindicate their descent. They are a
barbarous people, and that is the secret of the diversity
of opinion concerning them.
" The ladostrisss Islanders will neva submit. Already they
have planned their own exile. A friend of mine saw a letter yes-
terday, which states, that to a man they have determined, bt case
oldie wont, to leave their homes, and em►ark for America"

MATHEWS has derived substantial benefit from his
country excursion, both uto health and parse. He will appear at
the English Open House on Thursday, in his friend Pusses new
Farce called firfere fast•
The affair of the steam boats destined for Greece en-
grosses at the present moment much of the public at-
'tendon. It is now ascertained that no obstacle has arisen
on the part of the Government to their departure, the
only step taken being that of placing Custom-house
officers on board to prevent the shipment of warlike
stores in violation of the late Order in Council. But a
more fatal impediment has arisen from certain defects
in the machinery, which to all present appearance will
wholly prevent their application to the purpose intended.
The most actions part of the affair is, that the very large
sum of 160,0001. has been expended on the construction
of these vessels, which formed too nearly the whole of
the remaining pecuniary resources of Greece.
Teo COLLI HIM —The public will be surprised to leain
that the infatuated colliers have chosen the present pe-
riod of general calamity for reviving the mischievous
operations of the defunct combination. The Grand
Committee are again resuscitated ; and the first edict is
an order to all the colliers under their contralti to strike
for an advance of wages. Saturday se'nnight the col-
liers on the banks of the Monkland Canal gave their
employers warning, that they should quit work in a
fortnight, unless prices were advanced sixpence-half-
penny a cart. The colliers to the eastward of this city
have adopted the same course; and the proprietors of
coal mines, in consequence, have raised the price on an
average of 2;. a wagon. Best hard coals, that lately
sold at 9s. 6d. and 10s. a waggon, are now 122., and
the soft coal is advanced from Bs. to 10a. a_ wazgon.—
• Glasgow Chronicle.

i'Qucy INTELLIGENCE... .
. . .

, _

Pelpdame Aram. the wife of a French restaurateur In thi flay.
intrket, bromildlieforit Mr. Mtnenet.t., in the custody of Ellis, '
an Mari tifanswef to a !barge of fake imprisonment of the body,
and an illegal detentlitre the hit and gloves of an Irish Gentleman,
named Cramer. • - • .
Mr Cramer was ae shad by his wife and their three chit-
"drin, 'add from tie abut 'll5 *peered that he took his family to
Pardon's to treat them 110111sIVIresitt dinner. The bill of fare was
banded to Mtn, end SlMlllytidisee turd things enumerated in it were
poukt 11.• 641." " OM* . &nip- and poulet were ordered and
served up to Mr: Cramer and his family. After dinner the bill was
produced for" sort iicid.pooket The five 101.5 d." Mr. Cramer was
satonkbed at suckan -eserbilitat dahlia, and he refused to pay
whereupon Madame Pardon Wetted hit hat and gloves, and refused
to restore them or let then% depart until he should satisfy her de-
. mand ; an 4 Mr. Cramer was obliged to, threaten to throw her out
at the window before he could regain hit liberty.
Madame Pardon, wha is an Engiishwetnan,tesolutely kept pos.
• selann of the bat and gloves, and looked very contemptuously it
Abele owner while he was making his complaint. When be had
finished, she said, " Mr. Cramer pretends to be marvellously well
acquainted with French customs, and yet he understands so little of
' those of his own country, as to suppose that be can have fowl and
soup for five persons, for efgAteewposce I
The Irish Gentleman was then adjudged to pay Madame Par.
don's demands, and the expenses, amounting altogether to two or
three-and-twenty shillings.
MARLBOROUGH-aTRRIZT.
Saturday a man named Hall, and his wife Eliwerth, were charged
with stealing i7Ol. the property of Mr: Allen, the attorney, of Car-
Ude•street. It appeared that the prisoner wet formerly a grocer in
the parish of St. Anne, but failing in badness be was compelled to
gainto the poor-house, and from which place be was taken by Mr.
Allen, who employed him in his °Mee at 11. per week. On the 9th
inst. Mr. Allen returned home with a large sum of money, a part
of which be took out to pay a person in the neighbourhood, and left
about 1754 on a desk. He thought that he had put this sum into his
cask-box, but on the Saturday following, *hen be examined the
bolt, be missed the money. The prisoner, who had absconded
from the vac', was Immediately suspected of having stolen it. The
money left on the desk was a 1001, note, a SOL note, and the re
mainder in small notes. The 1004 note was paid into the Bank by
the female prisoner, who received 70 sovereigns and 501. In notes,
and the 501. note was exchanged by Hall at a pawnbroker's shop in
the Borough, where he purchased a gold watch for his wife, and a
silver one for himself. floe day before the money was stolen, the
prisoner took a lodging in Sc. Anne's.court, where, out the night of
the td, they were overheard talking about the money, and the
female prisoner advised her husband to restore It, and repfoached
him for robbing Mr. Allen, who had been so kind to them. He,
however, said he would not return the money, but that they would
spend It in travelling, and would first go to Inner, en:tooth, Chan-
nel to Calais,. and visit mber parts of the continent. The prisoner
slat told one of Mr. Alien's clerks, on the 9th inst. when the young
man spoke of having been out collecting money, that be had 1701.
in his pocket, which he found on the desk, and he intended to return
it to one of the partners. From other facts which were laid before
the Magistrate, a doubt could not exist that the male prisoner had
stolen the money. In their lodgings was found a hoz fall of caps,
gowns, and finery, although the day before the money was stolen,
the female prisoner pawned past of her clothes for a few shillings.
They were committed hr trial; Hall as the thief, and his wife as
the receiver.
