INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, JUNE 22.

Mary Stoaktvin, late of Mottingham, Kent, victualler,
a widow, apparently about 80 years of age, WA s
brought into Court in a chsir, supported by four men.
The Learned commissioner inquired, whether the
person so borne in was a petitioner ?..--the reply was in
the affirmative. He immeiiately ordered her case to
be called, although out of turn, upon whiCh he pro-
ceeded to adjudicate, which being done, he (Mr. Com-
missioner Bowen) ordered the discharge to issue
instanter. The distressing situation of the poor woman
excited universal commiseration, as it was qu'te
ap-
parent that when consigned to prison, she was utterly
incapable of satisfying the demand of her plaintiff.

Among the Joint Stock Companies now on font we
find One tor a National Stud, which has for its object
the improving the breed of horses—training them for
the various purposes for whch they are designed, and
protecting the public from every species of imposition
in the purchase of such horses: for this purpose, a
Joint Stock Company, with a capital of 100,00134. is
proposed to be established, and a yearly dividend of,
`JO per cent. is anticipated.

.. _ • :

0.111.10 es • •
The l;riliiant (4 *amino Pete" was repeated at thesi delightful
Gardens last night. Inconsequence of the fineness of the weather,
the company assembled *as extremely numerous and fishionable.
With sespect to the performances, they were marked with great
ingenuity, variety, and attraction. The Compsny (as we have ob.
served)•were numerous,and we noticed many of the leading fashion -
ables. Amongst others :
Prince Ltorma, the Marquis of Woacestru, Lord Focar, the
American Minister, Mr. BALL Humus, Lord HOTRAIII, Vt.
HAYS', &c. &c.

THE LOVES OF THE NIGGERS.

BREACH OF PRObIISk OF MARRIAGE.
trEW PALTZI ULSTIIR COUNTY, UNITID STATIS.
PHILLIS SCHOONHAZiIIt V. CUPP HoGINOOM.
This was an action for a breach of the marriage pro-
mise, tried before Squire De Witt, Justice of the Peace,
and quorum. The parties, as their names indicate, are:
black, or, as philanthropists would say, coloured folks,
Counsellor Van Schaick appeared on beha of the Lady.
He recipitulased the many verdicts w 1 bad been
given of late in favour of injured innocence, much to
the honour and gallantry of an American Jury. It was
time to put an end to faithless professions, to these
cold hearted delusions: it was time to put a curb upon
the false tongues and false hearts of pretended lovers,)
v. !so, with honeyed accents, only wooed to ruin, and
o:Ily professed to dvceive. The *orthy Counsellor trusted
that no injurious impressions Would be made on the
minds of the Jdry by the colour of his client..
" 'Thug a set of features,
The Nugent edge skin, that we a4mire."
She was black, it was true t. so was the honoured wife.
of Moses, the most illustrious and inspired of prophets.
Othello, the celebrated Moor of Venice. and the victo-
rious General of her armies, was black, yet the lovely
Desdemona saw 44 Othello's visage in his mind." In
modern times we may quota his sable Majesty of Hayti,
or, since that country has bi come a republic, the gallant
Boyer. He could also refer to Rhio Rhio, King of the
Sandwich islands, his copper-coloured Queen, and
Madame Poki, so hospitably received and red to death
by their colleague the King of England—nay. theConn-
sellor was well advised that the .brave General Sucre
the hero of Ayacucho,was a dark mulatto. What, then,
is colour, in estimating the griefs of a forsaken and ill-
treated female? She was poor, it was true, and in an
bumble sphere of life ; but love levels all distinctions;
the blind god was no judge, and no respecter of colours ;
his darts penetrated deep, not skin deep ; his client,
though black, was flesh and blood, and possessel affec-
tions, passions, resentments, and sensibilities; and in ibis
case, she confidently threw herself upon the generosity
of a Jury of freemen—of men of the north, as the friends
of the northern President would say, of men who did
not live in Missouri, and cn sugar plantations, and from
such his client expected just and liberal damages.
Phillis then advanced to the bar to give her testimony. She
was, as her Counsel represented, truly made up of fink and blond,
being what is called a strapping wench, as black as the ace of
spades. She was dressed in the Low Dutch fashion, which has
not varied for a century—linsey-woolsey petticoats. very shat—blue
worsted stockings—leather shoes, with a thumping pair of silver
buckles—bead ear-rings, her wool nicely combed, and face sleek
and greasy. There was no " dejected 'haviour of visage—no
broken heart visible in her fact—she looked fat and comfortable,
a.. if she had sustained no damage by the perfidy of her swain.—
Before she was sworn, the Court called the defendant, who came
from among the crowd, and stood respectfully before the bench.—
Cuff was a good-looking young fellow, with a tolerably smartish
dress, and appeared as if he had been in the metropolis taking
lessons of perfidious lovers—he cast one or two cutting looks at
Phfilis, accompanied by a significant turn up of the nose, and now
and than a contemptuous ejaculation of eh ! umph! otn;h ! which
did not disconcert the fair one in the least, she returning the corn.
plinust, by placing bee arms a-bimbo, and surveying her lover
from bead to foot. The Court inquired of Cuff, whether he bad
Conned? "No Massa, be reed, 411 ten my own 'wry—you
see Massa 'Squire, I know ph
de Gentlemen of de Jury berry vell—
dere h Kassa Toerponning, of Little'Sopus--knove him berry vea—
-1 plough far him—den deft is Massa Traphagan, of our town—bow
de do Massa—el, dere Massa Topper, 'vat prints de paper at Big
'Sophus—know him too—dare is blasts Peet Steenberg—know
bins too—he owe me little money—l know 'ens all Muss 'Squire
—I did go to get Massa Lucas to plead for me, but he gone to
de Court of Error, at Albany—Massa Sans Freer, and Massa
Coekbutn, said they come to gib me good character, but I no see
'ens here."
Cuff was ordered to stand aside, and Millis was sworn.
Plaintiff said she did not know how 01,1 :,he was—believed she
was 16—she loi,k.d nearer 26—she lived with lions Schootimaker
—was brought up in the family—she told her case as pathetically
as possible.
" Massa 'Squire," said she, " I was gone up to Massa Schools-
maker's lot, on Shaungum mountain, to pile brash; den Cuff, he
vat stands dare, cum by rid de teem, he top his horses and say,
bow de do, l'billis ? or as she gave it probably in Dutch, " kow
gaud it mit you ?" " gout," said I ; den Massa, he look at me
berry bard, and say Phillis, vizir you meet me in the nice, yen de
moon is up, near de barn, I got sumting to say—den I say, berry
bell Cuff, I vill—he vent up de mountain, and I vent house: nn
I eat my supper and milk de cows, I say to myself, Phillis, pose
you go down to de barn, and bear vat Cuff has to say. Well, Massa
'Squire, I go. dare was Cuff sure enough, he told heap of tinp an
bout love ; calrd me wenus and jevepeter, and other things vat be got
oat of de play house yen he vent down in de dupe to New York, sad
be ax'd me if I'd marry him before de Dominic, Osterhant, be vat
pieaches in Milton, down pots 'Malbro'. I say, Cuff, u make
full on me ;he ay no, by nine seat' I viii marry you, Phillis, den
he gib me dis here as 'truest." Phillis here drew from her huge
Packets an immense pair of scissors, a jack knife, and a wood pipe
curiously carved, which she offered as testimony of the promise,
and which was sworn to as the property of Cuff, who subsequently
bad refused to fulfil the contract.
Cuff admitted that he had made her a kind of pro-
mise, but it was conditional. " I told her, Massa,
Squire, that she was a slave and a Rigger, and she'
must wait till the year 27, ben all woulo b- flee, cord-
ing to the new constiartion, den she said, berry well I
will wait." Millis utterly denied the petiuti r f proba-
tion—it was, she said, to take place ben lie got he
new corduroy breeches from Crippiely Coon, de taylor,
he owe three and sixpence, and inassa Cuoa won't let
him hab em vidout de money, den Cuff he ran away to
Varsing, I ser:d Coon Crook, de constable, and lie find
am at Shandakin, and he bring him before yro, Massa."
The testimony here closed. The Court charged the
Jury, that although the te,t:mony was not conclusive,
nor the iajury very apparent, )et the Court was not
warranted in taking the case out of the hands of the Jury.
A promise had evidently been made, and had been
broken; some difference existed as to the period when
the asauintonial contract was to have been fulfilled;
and it is equally true and honourable, as the Court ob-
served, that in 1827, slavery as to cease in our Sta.e,
and that fact may have warranted tl e defendant in the
postponement • but of this the: e v as no positive proofs
and as the pa s ties could neither read nor wi ite,the presents
may be construed into a mar;iage promise. The Court
could see net risosearwiry these humble Africans should
not, in imitation of their betters, appeal to a Jury for
damages, in such cases, but it was advisable not to
make those damages more enormous than circum-
stances warranted, but sufficient to act as a lesson to
those coloured gentry. in their attempts to imitate
fashionable infidelity. •
The Jury brought in a verdict of Ten Dollars and
costs for the plaintiff. The defendant not being able
to pay, was committed to Kingston jai!, where he now
lies, a mavyr to his own folly, and an example to all
• others in like cases offending. .

Twelve bt autiful horses belonging to the Prince of
Oa‘uice, arrived at Sunderland last week, for embarkation.
it is currently reported that Mr. Watt has sold Memnon to
Lord Darlington fur 9000 guineas. But this report is not cre-
dited, as it is stated that Mr. Watt declared at York, that he con-
sidered the horse the property of the public, and uu consideration
should induce him to part with him until after the Ste Leger Races
at Doncaster.

