so It ‘`..t •`. *46 • •geb

9ip IIaBOW...I44aVrIARY 26.

•••
_4 *

.. I.z

morning 64.0 o'clock, the Deputies of the
• 'Cashes !king Assembled in the majestic Church of
St. Mary, solemn man began, accompanied by the
most select vocal and instrumental music, at the same
moment a flight of sky-rockets gave the signal, and
immediately the• Castle of St.-George, and the for-
tresses, the ships of war, and all the vessels in the
river, which were adorned with flags, fired a royal
salute, which was repeated when to Deputies pro-
ceeded to take the oath on the Holy Gospel, in the
following word*:
. • _

" I sWaile faithfully to fulfil, In the exercise of the powers
which have been given me, the dudes of Deputy to the Extra-
ordinary Cortes, which are about to make the Political Consti-
tution of the Portuguese Monarchy, and the reforms and =le-
liorations which they shall judge necessary for the good and
prosperity of the Nation, the Catholic Apostolic Roman Reli-
gion, maintaining the Throne of &mhos Don John VI. King
of the United Kingdoms of Portugal, Brazil, and Algarve, and
preserving the Dynasty of the Serene House of Braganza."
After the oath was taken, the Very Reverend
Father Vincente de Santa Rota Lisboa, ascended the
pulpit, and delivered an eloquent discourse adapted
to the s'thlime object of the solemnity ; after which
the Members of the Grrsernment and the Deputies,
proceeded to the Hall di the Sessions, amidst the
lively acclamations of the immense multitude which
thronged to witness this august man's oration.
A battalion had been posted at the entrance of the
Palace, and all necessary precautions taken, when, at
two o'clock, the Members of the Government and
the Deputies began to enter, the galleries being al.
ready crowded with spectators. The Members of
the Government cook their seats on the right of the
President's chair; and on the left, and remaining
places on the right, the preparatory Junta of the
Coftes. The Archbishop of Bahia acted as Presi-
dent, and the Deputy Filgueiras as Secretary. All
being seated, and silence made, the most illustrious
Count de Sampayo delivered, in a clear and impres-
sive voice, the following eloquent and appropriate
discourse:

" luxstaacurs Ilerasseartarrrut OT •111 Z PO/ITCOOVIZ NATION
—The happy day is at length arrived, which the Portuguese so
anxiously desired, and which is going to crown their ardent
wishes and their flattering hopes—a day ever glorious and me-
morable, which will form the most brilliant epoch in the history
of the Monarchy, and in the annals of the reign of our pious and
august Monarch, Don John VI. and which, presenting to admi-
ring P.urope the truly .prodigious result of an energetics], but
peaceable tlfort, will regain for the Portuguese the name and
the glory which our preceding misfortunes have obscured, and
almost extiaguished.
" In your hands, Gentlemen, are now placed the fate of this
triagmasimous nation--t/ e happiness of our beloved sad common
country. The zeal and patriotism of the Portuguese confide in
your virtue and wisdom. They will not be deceived in their
choice, nor disappointed in their hopes.
. .

.4 The Gosits-nhient after having, at the Holy Altar, returned
due thanks to the Sovitassun AUTIIIOI. or ALL Goon, and humbly
supplicating him to be pleased to pour down upon you the spirit
of wisdom and prudence, so necessary for the doe accomplish-
ment of your arduous and sublime duties, comes to congratulate
you on your happy meeting, and considers itself as fulfilling one
of its most important duties and noble offices, by recommending
to your are and solicitude, the interest and the destiny of an
Illustrious people, which desires'and deserves to be happy.
44 In the minds and hearts of the Portuguese are engraved two
fundamental principle, which they have loudly proclaimed to
the whole world, ou .which the public happiness must repose, and
which we all MCA(' to maintain—obedience and fidelity to King
John VI. and to his august dynasty—the pure and sincere pro-
fession of the holy Religion of our forefathers.
.1 The first insures to us, by the virtues hereditary in the House
of Braganca, the sweets of a paternal Government rthe second
offers us the firmest support of our happiness in the maxims of
a Divine morality, which so perfectly adapts, and identifies it-
self with the neesssities and sentiments of man.

" It is on these foundations that the majestic edifice of tb- Por-
tuguese Constitution must rise, which, keeping in view the sa-
cred rights of civil liberty, of property, of the safety of the ci-
tizen, has to trace, with a firm and steady hand, the invariable
hue of demarcation, which is for ever to divide law from arbi-
trary will—power from despotism--llberty from licentiousness—
obedience from slavery.

" When this great work has been profoundly meditated, and
wisely developed and executed with the attention which the
state and circum.t.incrit of the nation require—with the energy
which its au-gent wants demand—with the prudence and circum-
spection o hick belong to the superiority, or (if I may so speak)
to the impaisible independence of the Legislator—then the Por-
tuguese, restored to their tights and to their dignity, will resume
the place which belongs to them among civilized, free, and in-
dependent nations ; under the shelter of peace and domestic fe-
licity, they will sec those political institutions dourlds, which
render a nation great and respected. They will form round the
august Throne of their filonanch a firm barrier, equally inacces-
sable internal passions, the enemies of social order, and the
external attacks of any ambitious and usurping power; and no-'
bly proud of the just and precious liberty, which their worthy
Repreientatives have known how to acquire and insure to them,
they will transmit to posterity the names of the fathers of the
country, covered with a thousand benedictions, and accompa-
nied by the most affectionate and most glorious recollections.
" Such are the happy efforts which the Government augur,
and hopes of your wise deliberations--of your enlightened zeal—
of your consumsaate prudence. and of your eminent virtue. It
is shortt.goivg to conclude the memorable and difficult func-
dom. wiifi which it has hitherto been charged, and esteeming is
▪ happy in having maintained peace and public tranquillity, it
profits by this opportunity again to address the sincere expressions
et its praist and thanks to all classes of citizens to whom, under
the favour of Paovilisma, so extraordinary and invaluable a
blessing is Linn May that Ali-wise Pluerinassea grant, that this
heroic nation may attain, and enjoy, for many centuries to
come, the felicity which it merits, and which the eminent qua-
lities of its illustrious Representatives so largely promise. May
oar adored Monarch, condescending to the public wishes, and
*auctioning by his Royal assent the work of the national wis-
dom, come and occupy the Ti one of love, loyalty, and grati-
tude, which is prepared fot the hearts of his pimple ; and
rusy att, united in fraternal concord, and reciprocallrbund
by the sacred ties of love to our country, one day rejoin in our
happy fate, bless the epoch of out regeneration, and give worthy
examples of virtue to our remotest posterity.'•

After this speech, which was generally applauded,
his Ercellency declared the Cortes to be installed ;
and the President thanked the Government, in the
nom. of the Nation, for its labours is so arduous a
erisit. The Members of the Government then with-
drew, and those who were Deputies went and took
their seats as such. The election of the President
followed ; the choice fell on the Archbishop of Bahia,
by 64. votes out of 74. The President is to be chosen
monthly. _M. Deputy Manoel _ Fernando Thomaz

was elected Vice-President ; and four Secretaries were
also chosen. The Assembly proceeded to deliberate
whether they should immediately chase a new Exe-
lutive Government, but it being late, it was resolved
to defer this to the following day, and a Decree was
passed that the Provisional Government should con-
tinue to exercise its functions in the interim. His
3Lijesty'ik portrait was then uncovered, and the Hall
resounded with cries of "Long live the King, the
Rural Family, Religion and the Cortes, and every
thing that is dear to the Portuguese."
The whole city was splendidly illuminated in the
evening, in honour of the national solemnity of this
luemerable day.
