(Signed by the three Interpreters.)

Copy:of a Letter addressed to the Earl of Aberdeen, by the 14 ep
sentatives of Great Britain, France, and Russia, at Constantinople,
dated April 24, 1830,
MY Lona—On the Bth of April we acquainted the Sublime
Porte, by the note of which a copy is enclosed, with the decision of
the three Allied Courts, relative to Greece. We have just received,
and we lose no time in transmitting to your Lordship, the answer of
the Sublime Porte. We entertain no doubt that the Courts will
consider this answer as satisfactory as it has appeared to us. The
adhesion of the Sublime Porte to the decision of the Allies Is there.
in given without restriction orreserve.
It will nevertheless be our duty to report the observations entered
into by the Reis Effendi, at a Conference to which we were yester.
day invited by that Minister, upon some of the arrangements con.
eluded at London, as well as the wishes which he expressed to us,
and the answers which we returned to him. But being desirous not
to retard the transmission of a document so decisive, with which it is
important that our Courts should be made acquainted with the least
possible delay, we reserve our communication on the subject of this
conference for a further despatch, which will, however, speedily fol.
low that now addressed to your Lordship.
We request your Lordship to accept the assurance of our high
consideration.
(Signed) ROBERT GORDON.
COUNT OUILLE3IINOT.
RIBEAUPIERRE.
CHARACTER AND EXTENT OF THE NEW STATE
) OF GREECE.
Extract from the Copy of a Note from the Ambassadors of Great
Britain, France and Russia, to his Excellency the Reis Effendi,
dated onstantinople, April 8, 1830.
1. Greece shall form an independent State, and shall enjoy all the
rights, political, administrative, and commercial, attached to com-
plete independence.
2. In consideration of these advantages granted to the new State,
and in deference to the desire expressed by the Porte to obtain the
reduction of the frontiers fixed by the Protocol of the 22d of March,
the line of demarcation of the limits of Greece shall take its depar-
ture from the mouth of the river Aspropotamos, ascend that river
as far as the latitude of the lake of Angelo Castro, and traversing
that lake, as well as those of Vrachori and Saurovitza, it shall strike
the Mount Artolina, from whence it shall follow the ridge of Mount
Ones, the valley of Calculi, and the ridge of Blount as far as
the gulf of Zeitoun, which it shall reach at the mouth of the
Sperchius.
All the territories and countries situated to the south of this line,
which the conference has marked upon the map hereunto annexed,
shall belong to Greece ; and all the countries and territories situated
to the north of this line, shall continue to form part of the Ottoman
Empire.
There shall likewise belong to Greece the whole of the island of
Negropont, with the Devil's islands and the island of Skyros, and
the islands anciently known by the name of the Cyclades, including I
the island of Amorgo, situated between the 38th and 30th degrees I
of north latitude, and the 21ith degree of longitude east of the me-
ridian of Greenwich.

3. The Greek Government shall be tr.onarchical and hereditary,
according to the order of primogeniture. It shall be confided to a
Prince who shall not be capable of being chosen from among those
of the families reigning in the States that signed the Treaty on the
6th of July, 1827, and who shall bear the title of Sovereign Prince
of Greece.

So soon u the present arrangements shall have been conveyed to
the knowledge of the parties Interested, peace shall be considered
as established ipso faao between the Ottoman Empire and Greece,
and the subjects of the two states shall be reciprocally treated, in
regard to the rights of commerce and navigation, as those of other
States at peace with the Ottoman Empire and Greece.
§ b. Acts of full and entire amnesty shall be immediately pub-
lbdt by the Ottoman Porte and by the Greek Government.
The act of amnesty of the Porte shall ' , that no Greek
In the whole extent of its dominions all be liable to be de.
prived of his property, or in any way disturbed, in consequence of
the part which be may have taken in the insurrection of Greece.
The act of amnesty of the Greek Government shall prise-hum the
same principle 14 favour of all the ilossalmans or Christians who

may have taken part against its cause ; and it shall further be un.
derstood and promulgated, that the blussalmans who may be desir.
ous of continuing to inhabit the territories and islands allotted to
Greece, shall preserve their properties therein, and invariably enjoy
there, with their families, perfect security.
6. The Ottoman Porte shall grant to those of its Greek subjects
who may be desirous of quitting the Turkish territory, a delay of a
year, in order to sell their properties, and to depart freely from the
country.
Tie Greek Government shall allow the same power to the inha.
bitants of Greece who may wish to transport themselves to the
Turkish territory.
§ 7. All the military and naval forces of Greece shall evacuate
the territories, fortresses, and islands' which they occupy beyond
the line Assigned in the second section for the limits of Greece, and
shall withdraw behind that line with the least possible delay.
All the Turkish military and naval forces which occupy tenito.
rics, fortresses, or islands, comprised within the limits above men-
tioned, shall evacuate those islands, fortresres, and territories ; and
shall, in like manner, retire behind the saute limits with the least
possible delay.
8. Each of the three Courts shall retain the power of guarantee-
ing the whole of the foregoing arrangements and articles. No troops
belonging to one of the contracting powers shall be allowed to enter
the territory of the new Greek State, without the consent of the two
other Courts who signed tee Treaty.
9. In order to avoid the collisions which could not fail to result,
under existing circumstarces, from bringing the Ottoman boundary
Commissioners and Greek boundary Commissioners into contact,
when the line of the frontiers cf Greece comes to be laid down on
the spot, it is agreed that that task shall be intrusted to British,
French, and It ussian Commissioners, and that each of the thee Courts
shall nominate one. These Commissioners, furnished with the in.
structions hereunto annexed, shall settle the line of the said tron.
tiers, following, with all possible exactness, the lire pointed out in
the second section ; they shall mark out that line with stakes, shall
draw up two maps thereof, to be signed by them, of which one shall
be given to the Ottoman Government, and the other to the Greek
Government. They shall be hound to finish their labours in the
space of six months. In case of difference of opinion between the
three Commissioners, the majority of voices shall decide.

1111)14:111AL PAIILI.I3IENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS—WEox EsDA Y.

After five o'clock the I.OliD CHANCELLOR took his scat on
the Woolsack.
Earl Pomfret took the oa•hs and his seat.

The Duke of ClOte DON presented a petition from Elgin against
the proposed duty,on British spirits; also, a petition from another
town in Scotland, praying for a removal of the duties levied on pro-
perty left by irtestates.
Lord MELBOURNE presented a petition from Leeds against
the punishment of death for forgery.
Lord CALTIIORPE presented a petition from Rummy, and
another place in Ymkshire, for the abolition of slavery.
Several private hills were brought up by Sir C. Col.ws, Sir J.
GRAHAM, and others from the Commons.
Mr. Keating, from the Court of Chanecry in Ireland, presented
certain papers from that Court to their Lordships.
Lord FARNBOROUGH presented a petition from Northumber-
land, complaining of distress.
Lord WHARNCLIFIE presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of Dundee, in favour of the Dundee and Forfar Harbour Bill.
Lord HOLLAND presented a petition from the Dissenters of
Birmingham, against the parochial grammar school of that town;
also a petition from Dublin, against the stamp duty on newspapers.
Lord KING presented a petition :rem, the inhabitants of St.
Luke's. Middlesex, against the window tax.
Earl BATHURST presented the report of the committee named
to search for precedents, relative to the appointment of a commission
for affixing the King's signature to public documents.
The 3larquis of LANSDOWN presented a petition against the
increased duty on spirits, front the county of Dublin ; also front the
city of Dublin, against Increased taxation; and front Cornwall,
against slavery.
