PETITIONS.

Mr. LAWLEY presented a Petition from the In-
habitants oL the Parish of Southam, in Warwick-
shire, praying for the restoration of her Majesty's
name to the Liturgy, and for the restitution of all her
other rights and dignities.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir W. DE CRESPIGNY presented a Petition of
a similar nature from the Inhabitants of Hadley, near
Southampton. The Hon. Member said, that the Pe-
tioners complained of the enormous taxation under
which the country laboured. Nothing could equal
the profligate expenditure of Government, both at
home and abroad. He wished to mention one cir-
cumstance, of which he had some knowledge, and
Which they might take as one instance of the many
abuses connected with the tremendous system of Co-
lonial Expenditure. When Mr. Gor:-.:ga was Gover-
nor of the Colony at the Cape of Good Hope, be had
a salary of £2OOO a-year only, and thought it suffi-
cient. But what would they think when he should
inform them that the present Governor had a salary
of £14,1500 a year? Yet that did not seem to him a
matter of surprise, for the whole Colonial system was
conducted on the same principle of abuse and extra-
vagance. How was it possible to continue such pro-
fligate abuse of the public money? He was instructed
by the Petitionets to request the House to use their
influence to have her Majesty's name restored to the
Liturgy. They entirely disapproved of the improper
conduct of Ministers throughout the whole of the
late proceedings, and desired him to state, that al-
though her Majesty was acknowledged as Queen,
still, in their oi,inion, she was excommunicated by
Ministers—( Hear, hear). It was his opinion, that
the Queen had as legal a right to have her name in-
serted in the Liturgy as the King bimsell—(Hcar,
hear! from the Ministerial Benches). He had no
doubt but all the Catholic countries on the Continent
of Europe did think die Queen actually excommuni-
cated, when her nan.e was erased from the Liturgy,
and when she was refused the prayers of the People.
Sir R. FERGUSON said, he was not acquainted
with the present salary of the Governor of the Colony'
alluded to, but he believed most of the Officers, with
their wasteful salaries, were created to support the
present profligate system of Government. Sir James
Craig, when he filled the office of Governor, thought
that £3OOO a-year was an ample remuneration for
all the trouble and expense of the situation.
The Petition was then read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. WHITBREAD presented three Petitions:
one from the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John,
Limehouse, in the county of Middlesex ; the second
from the Inhabitants of Bromley, and the third from
the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Luke. They all
prayed for the restoration of her Majesty's name to
the Liturgy.—The three Petitions were read, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. CALVEI{T presented a similar Petition
from the Parish of St. John, Southwa: k. He said,
that four out of every five in the Parish had signed
the Petitiou. They expressed their surprise, that at
the issue of an expensive and sanguinary war, no re-
lief could be had from the burdenr imposed on the
people. They felt indignant that Ministers, who in-
stituted the late proceedings against her Majesty, in
which they failed, should still continue to direct their
abuse against her. The Petitioners were of opinion,
that the conduct of the present Administration had a
tendency to bring the King, the Country, and the
Constitution, into contempt ; and they beg that the
House might withdraw their confidence from them.
Sir It. WILSON said, he should regard it as an
act of amnesty if his Nlajesty's Ministers would even;
now recommend the insertion of her Majesty's name
in the Liturgy. As to'Paiiianientazy Reform, for
which the Petitioners also.piwed, be thought argu-
ments had lost their effect in that House. Events
would do more in that catt;elhan all the arguments
they could use.—Petition vi-Jercd to be printed..
Mr. W. WILLIAYS pre Bated a similar Petition

'
from theaorougn Of Eye, In the County of Suffolk..
Ordered to be 'printed::
A similar Petition was presentcatrom the Incorpo-
rated Weavers of Edinburgh.— Ordered to be printed. I
Mr:We:ANAL presented a Petition from the In-
habitants of the City of Lincoln. The Petition had
been signed by no less than 1030 personi in the short
space of three days. It prayed. for the restoration of
her Majesty's name to the Liturgy, and for Parlia-
mentary_Reform, and was couched in language the,
most respectful. The lion. Member said, as the P-
etition was short, he should T.-cad some parts of it to
the House. Having read some arguments of the Pe-
titioners on the subject of Parliamentary Reform, be
said, he should always advocate any attempt at a
sensible, moderate, and wholesome Reform.

Mr. SIBTHORP said he did not rise to oppose the
Petition, but to explain why'it was not presented by
either of the Representatives for the city of Lincoln.
The fact was, that the Petitioners did communicate
with himself andAris Hon. colleague on the subject,
and they replied, that if the Petition met their ap-
probation they would support it in Parliament. such
-was the reason that the Petition was put into the
hand of his Hon. Friend, who certainly had done it
ample justice. But with respect to himself, he could
not concur in the sentiments of the Petitioners. He
never could see iinpolicy, illegality, or inexpediency
in omitting the Queen's name from the Liturgy, and
therefore he could not agree to present a Petition
praying for its insertion.
Mr. R. SMITH said he should oppose that part of
the Petition which related to Parliamentary Reform.
Ile could not feel disposed to concur in the propriety
of any general measure of that nature, for he thought
any attempt of the kind an innovation oh the Consti-
tution and fundamental laws of the realm. On the
other part of the Petition he held a very different
opinion. He should give his most hearty concur-
rence to the restoration of her Majesty's name to the
Liturgy, and, in his opinion as a lawyer—(Hear,
hear)—her name ought to be inserted. The omis-
sion of it had ' a tendency to produce through.
out the country a clamour for Parliamentary
Reform, which might otherwise have been never
thought of by one half of those who called for it.--
He knew that there were no quieter or more ordeily
population in the world than the inhabitants of the
city of Lincoln. One hundred persons of respecta-
bility had affixed their names to the Petition out of
respect to Royalty—( Hear, hear).—Nothing could
have a greater tendency to lessen the People's respect
for the Throne than the agitation of the question re-
garding the Queen; and the People were inclined to
believe that the Royal Family were wantonly com-
promised. Even though the majority of that House
might approve of the measure, which was very ques-
tionable, yet it was wrong to set up a majority of
that House against the laws and the Constitution.
Petition read, and ordered to be printed.
Sir 11. HERON presented a Petition from the In-
habitants of Holbeacti, in Lincolnshire. It was•signed
by 500, and more would have signed it had notice
been given and a longer time afforded. They pray
the House to withhold- the supplies, and enforce re-
trenchment and economy. They prayed also for
Pai liamentary Reform ; and he concurred with them
in opinion. lie was one of those who most anxiously
desired Parliamentary Reform, and all experience
convinced him of the necessity of it. He concluded
by observing, that he should never be wanting to
assist in any wholesome species of Reform.
Mr. PELHAM observed, that many of those who
signed the loyal Addresses, had also signed Petitions
to that House, praying her Majesty's name might be
restored to the Liturgy. Ills Majesty's Ministers
were not to infer from these Addresses, that they
possessed the confidence of the country, if they did,
they would find themselves greatly mistaken. The
People desired not only a change of Administration,
but also a change of measures. The Petition was
then read, and Ordered to be printed.
Sir ROBERT WILSON presented a Petition from
the Mechanics in the Building branches of the Me..
tropolis, including Southwark. The Petition con-
tained many folios, and was most numerously signed.
It prayed that her Majesty's name might be restored
to the Liturgy, and that she might be reinstated in
all her other rights and dignities. The Petitioners
expressed their surprise at re conduct of Ministers
in attempting to treat as guilty the Queen, on whom
they could not fix a verdict, although they were, at
the same time, both Judges, Jurors, and Prosecutors.
He could not but feel astonished at some words Which
had fallen from the Noble Lord opposite, who, jibe
recollected right, had said, it would he a mockery of
the Xing to recommend the insertion of her Majesty's
name ill the Liturgy. He would not think it now too
late, and he and those Gentlemen around him should
not be anylonger accused of agitating the country, if
his Majesty's Ministers mould but concede this point.
Dr• LUSHINGTON presented a Petition from ten
Clergymen of the Established Church, praying the
restoration of her Majesty's name to the Liturgy.
The Petitioners stated, that they thought the Act of
Uniformity, which regulated Divine Worship, was
Linding upon the Crown. In that opinion he entirely
concurred. It was not competent to the Crown to
make the slightest alteration in the form of Common
Prayer, and no doctrine was more dangerous than
to admit the principle of any such alteration—(Hear,
hear). It was true that there would have been no
danger in the last reign, nor did he apprehend any
during the reign of his present Majesty, but who
' could tell but that as James 11. had sought to over-
turn the Religion of the land in order to introduce
Popery, so some future King, who had spent the
prime of his youth tin profligacy and debauchery—
(Hear, hear)—might be wheedled into Methodism
in his.oldage—(Laughter)—and be induced to make
alterations infinitely worse •than Pqpery itself. One
of the many misfortunes attending the exclusion of
her Majesty's name from the Liturgy, was the spirit
of dissension which it created in the public mind.
There were numerous instances in which persons had

I seceded from the Established Church in consequence
lof it. By the 55th Canon, the Queen was to be prayed
for by name, and it was extraordinary, that by, the
Order in Council, that Canon was contravened. The
conduct of Ministers, with respect to the question of
the Liturgy, was viewed by :be country with un-
bounded disgust.
Mr. LOCKHART said, that the question depended
on the obvious interpretation to be drawn from a plain
, Act of Parliament. He did not think that the subtle-
ties and special pleadings to which the Law Officers
of the Crown had had recourse, bore at all upon the
point at issue—Wear, hear).—The: Statute was not
only directory, but mandatory ; if it was discretion-
ary, and that a construction had been put upon it
which operated against the Queen, then it was rao
longer mandatory in favour of the party, but pima
—(Cheers).—lt was what, in the language of the
was called an infamous judgment. The omission of
the Queens narhe in the Liturgy had a tendency, if
not to destroy the Constitution, at least to subvert its
fundamental principles. The succession to the Crown
might be affected by such a principle. The Queen's
name being in the Liturgy, was evidence that the
offspring was legitimate, but the exclusion of her name
might be adduced as an argument of some defect in
the marriage. That House, be considered, an ade-
quate tribunal to judge of such a question as this—
(Hear, hear).—For aught he knew, the reputation
and political existence of the Law Officers of the
Crown depended on the issue of the question. But
the King and Queen did not belong to individuals,
they were the property of the nation—they were
quasi publicijuris. Much better assistance might be
got in this affair than that which the Attorney-Gene-
ral and Solicitor-General could furnish. He would
move an amendment to the motion which was to
come before the House to-night, the object of which
should be to refer the question to the opinion of the
twelve Judges, if he did not anticipate that the vote
which the House would come to would have the
effect of setting the matter at rest by getting her
Majesty's name restored to the Liturgy, the only
means which at present remained fur tranquillizing
the public mind.
Mr. HARBORD was of opinion that the ques-
tion of the Liturgy had induced a still greater evil
than the secession of persons from the Established
Church; not only was the Queen not prayed for by
name, but she was preached against!—(Hear, hear).
Nothing was now more common than for Clergymen
to introduce politics in their sermons, a practice which
was most unseemly and indecent. He had himself wit-
nessed it in two or three instances; and he had seen,
with the deepest regret, the pulpit prostituted to po-
litical invectives--(Hear, hear). This regret he felt in
consequence of his respect for that Church of which
he was a member, and not from any political consi-
deration, he declared most solemnly. He, and some
friends to whom he could appeal as witnesses of the
fact, were particularly disgusted on a recent occa-
sion, when they heard the word " radical" introduced
in a sermon. He would not name the Clergyman
who bad acted so indecently; but he hoped that the
circumstance, being adverted to this evening, would
have the effect of dissuading him from so improper a
I course in future.

A MEMBER deprecated the indecency complained
of by the Honourable Membec who had spoken last,
and said it was no later than last Sunday that he had
heard from the pulpit of a parish church sentiments
to the following effect :--4, The acts of those who en-
courage popular feeling are the acts of unmanly re-
bels; they would level and crumble to dust the glo-
rious fabric of the Constitution, which was raised by
the valour, and cemented by the blood of our ances-
tors!" And again, there was a sentiment which at-
tributed all earthly power to DIVINE prescription!—
Those who refused to obey the mandates of Govern-
ment were said to be " guilty of treason to the King,
and acted in violation of the decrees of the A LMIGHTY !"
(Hear, hear).---The Petition was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a Petition from the
Borough of King's Lynn, to the same effect as the
preceding. He observed, that a Clergyman, who
had himself taken an active part against the Queen,
had acknowledged to him, that one-third of his pari-
shioners had absented themselves from the Church in
consequence of her Majesty not being prayed for.
The Petitioners thought all the evils u hich had fallen
upon the country were to be attributed to the venality
ofhis Majesty's Ministers—(Hear, hear).—" In that
statement," said the Honourable and Learned Gentle-
man, " I agree, from the bottom of my beard"—
(Cheers). It also contained some observations on the
state of the Representation in that House; and in that
statement also the honourable and Learned Gentle-
man added he fully agreed, and he sincerely hoped
that at some future time, not far distant, there would
be more sympathy between public opinion and the
opinion of that liouse—( Cheers).
Mr. MARTIN, of Galway, thought the Honour-
I able and Learned Gentleman would take a more
manly part, if, instead of making general charges
agiinst Ministers, and which were totally irrelevant
to the question, he were to state the particular in-
stances of which he complained. Unless he were to
do so, his veracity might probably be called into
question' (Order, order 1)—He saw nothing disorderly
in his observation, which he would repeat :.-.-" I cer.
tainly think that the Honourable and Learned Gen-
tleman will bring his veracity into question r--(Order,
order!)—" His veracity !"--(Laughter).--" Certainly
that which is not true is not verified."—(Laughkr,
.ead repeated calls of Order!)
The SPEAKER, although he had teat considered
the original observation of the Honourable Member
as disorderly, thought the explanation highly so.
Mr. MARTIN stated his readiness always to bow
with deference to the Chair, ned bogged to citrer his
i most humble and meat penitential apo.ng y (.4 fauzky.
IThe Petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a PL:LitiOli f. J:n

which he had givett in early likto tis'et,anse of
the Lord Mayor, aldermen. and Livery of Lon'don, !s tary-Reform: The paper by the Heft,
praying for an iaquiry into the Milan Commission. Member referred to a Reform in Commons, and
The Petition stated, that a person named Cooke, a he admitied, that if {)ye Irish Patliament existed with
certain maa of the name of Brown, and one Powdl, the state. of Osirws ,which then exhald also, he would
an Attorney, had been sent to Milan to effect the de- support a i for Reform that Parliament,
sauCtion of her Majesty! though he believed be never should arrive at that
Mr. T. WILSON expressed his regret that he was standard of excellence of the Hon. Member—Uni-
ohliged to dissent from the opinions of his Consti- versal Suffrage and Annual Parliaments. It. was in
tnents, believing, as he did, that his Majesty's Minis- consequence of alaw passed in the Irish Parliament,
tern acted under an imperious sense of duty.. If the conceding-the elective franchise to the Irish Catlin-
allegations in the Petition were true, he should consi- lies, that lie declared he never, foi the future, would
der -himself disgraced by sitting near them !—(Lartgh• support the cause of Parliamentary Reform in that
ter).--The Queen, he said, was not deserving of any country—(Mbar).
thing more than those legal rights to which she was Sir JOHN NEWPORT said, that the Noble Lord
entitled by the Bill having been abandoned.. supported the cause of Parliamentary Reform until
Mr. BERNAL defended her Majesty, and said that he got into office, and then he supported it no longer
the most unprovoked charges had for some time been --(A laugh, and cries of " Hear, hear").,—The Noble
advanced against her in that House. Lord had, indeed, advocated the cause of a Radical
The. Petition was read, and ordered to be printed. Reform in the Irish Parliament, for he had left Ire-
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a Petition from land without a Parliament—( Hear, hear).—He had
the Labouring Classes of the Metropolis, praying for severed the Parliament from the People; and, conse-
the restoration of her Majesty's name to the Liturgy. quently the Parliament fell—(Cheers).—lt was an
Ordered to be printed. - awful lesson for that House ; for the same person was
Sir GEORGE ROBINSON presented a Petition pursuing -the same course with the Parliament of
toihe same effect, from the Inhabitants of the Bo- England—(CheersYront the Opposition).—He had ob-
rongh of Northampton. The Hon. Baronet, in the served the Noble Lord from his entrance into public
course of some Observations, said, that the Queen life, and he felt a strong conviction that the measures
had, with a becoming dignity, refused to acquiesce of the Noble Lord would bring the country to de-
in
the disgraceful proposition which had recently been struction—(Hear, hear, hear).
made to her. With a magnanimity worthy of her il- Lord CASTLEREAGII expiained.—He meant
lustrious ancestors, she had twice refused to barter not the least disrespect to the Right Hon. Baronet,
her honour for a bribe; and the odious tender was as but he certainly should not break his heart because
prompily rejected as it was basely offered—(Chests). the Right Hon. Baronet did not approve of his mca-
He hoped, however, that the People of England had sores—(A laugh).—He was content that posterity
too much spirit to suffer her Majesty to be starved should decide upon his conduct, and he had no fear
into compliance with the. proposals of Ministers— that the opinion of the Right Hon. Baronet would
(Hear, hear).—Petition ordered to be printed. influence that of posterity. He could assure the
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented a Petition from a ter. Bight Hon. Baronet that, upon the present subject,
tain Parish in Berkshire, complaining of the distressed he (Sir John Newport) was in a confounded scrape—
state of the Agricultural Interest, and praying that (Laughter).—The Right Hon. Baronet had said that
her Majesty's name might be restored to the Liturgy. lie (Lord Castlereagh) had given up his opinions on
Ordered to be printed. Parliamentary Ref4m on getting into office. Now
Mr..HOBHOUSE said, he held in his hand three the fact was, that he had publicly declared he should
Petitions fur the same object as those which had al- no longer support the cause of Parliamentary Reform
ready been laid before the House in such vast num- at least five years before he was in any way connected
bcrs. The first was from the united parishes of with the Government. With this explanation he would
hat. Andrew, Holborn, and St. George, Blooms• leave it to the House to form an opinion of the candour
bury. This Petition would have never been presented of the Right Hon. Baronet's statement.
but for what was called 46 A Loyal Address" which Mr. MARTIN (of Galway) said, that the late Mr.
had been got up in the parish. It was very strange, Ponsonhy had declarei he would support the cause
that in a parish which contained 7000 or 8000 of Parliamentary Reform in Ireland, but that on no
houses, nut more than 123 signatures could be pro. account would he consent to a Reform of the House
cured for that Address, and of these, between 40 and of Commons in England, which he thought really
50 held places in connection with Government— and truly represented the People—(A laugh from the
(Hear, hear).—The first person on the list was Secre- (affosition).—lle could assure the House he heard it
tary to a public Establishment for Lunatics—(A with his ears—(Laughter, in the course of which Me
laugh)—and the others were situated in the follow- Han. Member sat down).
ing order.—[Here the Hon. Member went through The Petition was then brought up, and on the ques-
a long/list-of the places which the individuals in tion being put that it should be read,
question filled, and much laughter was excited while Sir JOHN NEWPORT rose in explanation.—The
he read itj.—The list was closed by a host of tax- Hon. Member opposite had spoken of the admitted
gathitrers, who, of coarse, weie " all honest men necessity for Reform in the Irish House of Commons.
and true r-(A laugh). But though the loyalists He (Sir John Newport) admitted that necessity, but
of Holborn only exposed their own weakness, yet so he was sure that no man had done more to render the
proud were they of their Address, that they had a House in question venal and corrupt than the Noble
public dinner in consequence of it, and many Cler- Lord opposite—(Hear, hear).
gymen attended on the occasion. To this he had no Lord CASTLEREAGH rose to order.—He had
objection, as he did not agree with those who thought hoped the Right lion. Baronet's first warmth had
that the Clergy ought not, in any instance, to inter- subsided. Ile would put it to the House, whether
fere in politics. He considered' it right that a Clergy. such language could be tolerated ? Ilk Lordship
man should have an opinion in political subjects its repeated, that he was never connected with any party
well as any other man; all he complained of was, in lieland, and he considered the attack of the Right
that the opinion was invariably on one side-,-(A Hon. Baronet an unworthy subterfuge.
11:rgh ). In consequence of that notable meeting of Sir JOHN NEWPORT explained again.—After
the loyal party, the persons who had signed the pre- which the Petition was read, and ordered to be laid
sent Petition assembled. The Noble Lord opposite on the table and printed.
(Lord Castlereagh) might treat the Petitions to that Mr. HOBHOUSE then presented two other P.eti-
House with contempt, but still they could not fail of Lions to the same effect as the last Petition : the first
producing the desired effect. The'Noble Lord might from the Bricklayers of London and its environs ;
say that he would wade up to his knees in them with- and the second from the Bookbinders of London and
out paying any regard to their contents, yet this was a Westminster; which Petitions were disposed of in
feeling which did him little credit—(Cheers).—There the same manner as the f )rmer Petitions.
was a time when the Reformers might boast of the Sir FRANCIS BLAKE presented a Petition from
support of the Noble Lord. He would read to the his Constituents, the Inhabitants of Berwick-upon-
house a document which would prove the fact.— Tweed, in Guild assembled. The petition was to the!
The Hon. Member then read an extract from an Irish same effect as the former petitions ; and the Honour.'
Newspaper (The Belfast News Letter), dated the 4th able Member, after a few prefatory observations, said'
of June, 1790, and containing a letter signed Ed- he had a question to ask of his Majesty's Ministers
ward and Robert Stewart." The letter was from the " which,' said the lion. Member, 4. whether they an-
Noble Lord and his colleague to their constituents, swer it now, or hereafter, or not at all, is of little con-
and promised " that they would exert themselves to sequence"—(Laughter). It was, whether, if her Ma-
promote a Bill for amending the Representation of jesty's name had remained in the Liturgy at the time
the People." Thus, continued the Hon. Member, of what was improperly called her technical acquittal,
the House would see that the Noble Lord had once they would have expunged it afterwards-?—(Hear).
stood in the ranks of those very Reformers with The Petition was supported by the other Honour-
whom be could not bear to fraternize—(A laugh).— able Member for Berwick, in a few words: it was'
But the only cry which ought now to be heard was then brought up, read, and ordered to lie on the table
the cry which had been uttered in disastrous times by and Le printed.
a great man (Lord Falkland), the cry of peace. Ile Mr. BROUGHAM presented a Petition from the
would not employ towards the Noble Lord the lan- Inhabitants, Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders of Ken-
gunge which Pym had used to the Earl of Strafford. dal, praying for the restoration of the Queen's name
lie would not say, in the words of Pym, " Though to the Liturgy.—Ordered to be printed.
you have left us, we will not leave you while that Mr. It. GRANT presented a similar Petition from
head is on those shoulders"—(Hear, hear).—Goa some part of the County of Inverness.—Ordered to
forbid that he should make use of such language.— be printed.
No, though he was among that class denominated THE LITURGY.
by the Noble Lord Vulgar Radicals," he should Mr. J. SMITH, in rising pursuant to notice, to
never contemplate anything hostile to the Noble submit a motion, begged to remind the House that
Lord. If the King and the Peers were represented he had had the honour to present a Petition to them,
in that House, for such was the doctrine of the Noble not long since, from • a very large and important
Lord, it was as much as to say, that the King and body, imploring that. tlouse to adopt, in their wis-
the House of Peers were useless—language, which in dom, such measures, as should be the means of re-
former times would have got the Noble Lord into storing the country to that tranquillity which it bad
the Tower—(Cheers).—He did not deny that the so long beep a stranger to. That Petition spoke his
King had a strong force in the Souse, for the Cabinet own sentiments, and lie acted in unison with them in
Ministers were there, who perhaps ought not to be the motion he was about to bring forward relative
there; but to say that the two other Estates were to to the restoration of the Queen's name to the Liturgy.
be represented in the Commons House of Parliament, In coming forward on this occasion he was perform-
was altogether at variance with the principles of the ing a part of his duty towards those Petitioners, to
Constitution—(Heal, hear).—Reform must come at whom that tranquillity they prayed for was more
last, and if it did not take place within those walls, important, perhaps, than to any other body in the
he would- say, in the language of Lord Chatham, kingdom ; and these, he solemnly asserted, mere his
that it mint certainly come from without—(Order, only motives for bringing forward this motion. He
order). This was his firm belief; it would not come was desirous to avoid every other topic than that to
so soon, perhaps, as some people expected, nor so which his motion directly referred. It was his duty
late as others, bat come it assuredly would, and that to express his opinions on recent transactions, and he,
too at no distant period—(Cheers). The Noble Lord should honestly do so. He begged to call the at.
had now a warning before him, and the sooner he tendon of the House to that period of the last year
agreed to a change of system the better.—(Tbe Hon. when the Ministers of the Crown advised bis Ma-
Member concludpd, amidst loud cheers, by, moving jesty to Omit" the Queen's name from the Liturgy..
that the Petition e brought up). 'He had endeavoured on many occasions to collect,
Lord CASTLEREAGH said,.he.sbould offer but front the avowal of. *Gentlemen on the other side of
a very few words, and those upononly one of. the the House, and particularly from the Noble Lord
topics touched upon in the Hon. Member's speech. (Castlereagh), w were the motives which in-
It was that which related to the supposed support duced his Majesty's Government tQ adopt that cle-

try, The Queen had received Many hundred,
dresses from many hundred thousand
That House had received Petitions on the wj -
an. amount such as had never before been knows
any occasion, and the common prayer of ail 1,2,4'1
that the Queen's name be restored to the Liture,-'
He (Mr. Smith) was One of those who witnet,esi-`
Majesty's procession-to St. Fiat Cathecht,l24;
did not remember ever to have witnesied adtigL„.".".
which made so deep an impression On his • '761
countless multitudes which he saw Collected togeaT*l
on that occasion in the metropolis, were la a,
of perfect quiet and repose. By some Meals
had gotten an idea, that tumult and disonier.t
be unfavourable to the cause of the Queen, 11,4
was their attachment to her cause, that, me
pressed all those feelings which are the 'meta'
concomitants of all crowded assemblages, fez:
thought, that if such could be the conclixtetZ.
People of this country, there was no object
could not attain. Their Petitions flowed inicrial'
House from all quartets, even from those 4
never before interfered with politics. lb srakit.,.
astonished, that Gentlemen on the other side.
imagine that the People of this country vett"
excited on this question to a greater majority oak
had ever before been evinced. He had bean:lfni
some, that although they. admitted great nudes
took part in the interest on the question, yet.
were not of a respectable description, but Nei
those who were adverse to the Governmento*
sirous of changes which the country and the Itrgq
part of that House deprecated and abhone,;:
It was said also that all the Meetings which pis
place throughout ere country were composed/lea
ufdividuals.; and Gentlemen on his tide of thealim
were charged with having no other view in aiga.
eating this matter that personal emolument, ;0
the most selfish motives. He might remind ritte•
who expressed these sentiments, that there s ere
a small number on that side of the House whocoslo
derive any benefit from what they were charges
Anticipating. There were many who, V. e hurt*
must remain in that mediocrity of station which they
at present held. There was, indeed, a mull rim
her who might benefit in the manner alluded to,*
glad he was that there were some Gentlemen on that
side who were ready and willing to take office, ate
should think the country in a bad state if it were*
so. No man in the kingdom was more atucki
than he was to the party with which he then sat, fie
was so, because he could not forget their co AA
and the great things they had done in former oak
advocating those great principles which atone coal/
give happiness to mankind. They had endemics!
to do away with detestable bigotry *fifth nent
wrought any good, and which had caused soma
bloodshed. They lost their places, but they inn.
would lose the admiration of all friends of Many!
With respect to the Public Meetings in the Comp
-to which allusions had often been made, he wastes.
vinced they spoke the sentiments of the greataajo.
trite of the Nation • he alas convinced that this re
the true state of the temper of the country, and la
did therefore hope that his Majesty's Governed
would accept the motion he should-have the bum
to make, or would hereafter insert the Queen's um
in the Liturgy, and retrace their steps. He had bem
'told that the Noble Lord opposite had stated that
never would hold office at all on the condition (fro
storing her Majesty's name to the Liturgy. .Oates
point perhaps his Lordship was the best judge; tat
so far was he from thinking that such an act wadi
have the effect of removing the Noble Lord from
office, he solemnly protested • that it would cotes
hint in possession. Nor did he see, in that event, aq
chance of any party in that Hnuse disturb* do
Noble Lord and his friends. Assuring the NAh
Lord, as he did, that this was the state of theta'.
timents of the Nation on this momentous queitioah
would ask him, whether the situation of the emit
was such as to enable him to despise the public von
It was not his wish to draw a gloomy picture. Nab
withstanding the distressed state of the Agricoltia
classes was very great, it was not so great as me
presented. They were depressed beyond all fast
example ; and he asked, was it worth while toitelk
them by turning a deaf ear to their prayers fa al
restoration of her Majesty's name to the Lute.
With respect to their Commerce, he was notated'
believed they were ruined. He knew fully the Jerold
state it was in, and feared it would continue. Wilk*
spect to the internal politics of the country, there'''at
many questions which must be agitated shortly
House, on which the country and they weregradli
issue—The Poor Laws, for instance, could not le*
put off, and when it did come, they would bare 0010
sion for all the kindness, good sense, and rail
,inour, the country could afford. He shouldl4l
to hear that their external relations were not Itit
same situation. They were told that there wog
a continuation of peace, but they could not '
,eyes on what was passing. There were two
principles contending for mastery ut ibis moised!
Europe—a good and a bad principle—Ube:go
slavery ! Would the Noble Lord opposite s/
them, that this country would not be called erig
stand in the breach made by the tyranny of elJeei.
over-ruling Despot? Was there no great miT.
in Europe who held hundreds of thousands of mitt
in training? And should such an occasion etrigisl
he adverted to, would they not require all the
humour, energy, and patriotism of the natio,
did, therefore, think that it was the worst Pel*
the present moment, either to put the country
eat
humour, or to keep it In that state. He had lin,.
sitation in saying, that all those parades, Pr"el'imm.
and disturbances in the country, which w!..
plained of, would continue to increase till_ht
gave in to the wishes of the People. Thekiltio
tleman concluded by moving the following
" This House having taken into consideration Cite
l'.
stance of her Majesty's name not being inserted In else
Collects, and Litanies, of the Church Service, end ali° wi•
metous Petitions from the People, complaining of the
is of opinion that It is highly expedient, under all
es
cumstances, that her Majesty's name should be son iss"'"
all the Prayers, Collects, and Litanies aforesaid, 04 • •
measure would greatly tend to remove the discontents
on.that subject in the public mind." • Aid°
Mr. TENNYSON seconded the motion
Hon. Friend Pad introduced with so much der;
and perspicuity. The Hon. Gentleman entereo.ll
an examination of the legal merits of the.
The King and Privy Council, he contendoi_,
bound to devote one of the blanks left in the 1,172,1
, attached-to the Act of Uniformity, to the to:
had not
fit CoLsort. The King and Privy Council

telninatiosrt bet he never had been able to com-
prehend their ptecise reasons for this. So much
had been 'said as to the tinfairnett and cruelty of
this step, under the peculiar circumstances of the
ea" and was so well known and admitted by all,
that he should not urge anything in support of that
judgment. Although there was much difference
of opinion both in and out of that House on many
points connected with that subject, he solemnly pro-
tested that he had never met with more than one
person who approved of the measure. It would ap-
pear the more extraordinary and incomprehensible,
when the House recollected, that if there was any
thing in which Ministers had explicitly explained
their motives for their conduct, it was in avowing
their decided wish that her Majesty should live
abroad. He (Mr. Smith) never complained of them
for this. He would have rejoiced if her Majesty had
remained abroad, as all those disturbances which had
of late agitated the nation would have been spared.
But how had it happened, that with this anxious de-
site, Government had adopted the only measure
which could make it impossible for their wishes to be
complied with---(Hear). He had heard, and he be-
lieved from the Nobie Lord opposite himself, that
they bad adopted this measure from the continuance
of rumours which travellers brought from foreign
countries. Ile (Mr. Smith) had heard rumours in
common with others, both at earls and in London;
but he begged the House particularly to remark,
that not one of those which he had heard had been
made matter of accusation against her Majesty. He
was justified, therefore, in the inference that they
were totally false. He might here remark, that per-
sons in high rank were at all times, and in all places,
liable to be attacked by calumny. He must, on the
whole, consider that there could not have been a
worse reason alleged than the existence of rumours
for the adoption of this measure, It was not his in-
tention to travel into the evidence. It was odious
and dis,,nsting to everybody. Ile begged the House
to go along with him to the moment of her Majesty's
trial. That trial, as they all knew, had occupied a
very considerable time, and, at length, in the last
stage of the Bill of Pains and Penalties, the Noble
Earl at the head of the Administration in the other
Rouse found himself in a majority of nine. What
the Noble Earl said on that day, as he under-
stood, was, that the preamble of the Bill had been
proved, and now, under the circumstance of so small
a majority, he would not press the Bill any further,
and he himself moved the rejection of it. The true
reason why he did not press it was, that he felt that it
never would have been kndured,either by the House or
the Country, that such a Bill should pass with a majo-
rity of nine, and howwas that majority composed ?
There were exactly the same number of Cabinet
Mi-
nisters, all of whom had a direct personal interest in
the Bill. They knew they would have been exposed
to the insults and taunts of all mankind had they not'
abandoned a measure, the majority for which was'
made up of nine individuals, who, in the triple capa-
city of accuser, judge, and juror, had the strongest
personal interest in the conviction of the Queen.—
, With respect to the opinion delivered by that august
Tribunal, he should offer a few remarks, because he
had beard in that House doctrines broached, utterly
in contradiction to the plain simple rules of justice.
It was true that 2 majority of nine had been obtained:
but had they not a right to suppose that the interests
of the Crown in the other House had some in-
fluence in procuring it? He had not the slightest
intention_to cast any reflection on the Noblemen who
composed the majority; but he appealed to the House
if there might not exist a variety of motives in their
minds calculated to obscure and blind their judg-
men:s ? For example, he would mention a strong,
entire confidence in his Majesty's Government, which
might certainly operate in that way. Another cir-
cumstance which frequently operated on the judg-
ment was, the recollection of great favours and kind-
nesses. Tor an illustration of the effect of the confi-
dence in Government he had mentioned, they need
not go out of that House. Many were known to sa-
crifice their own opinions to those of the Ministers, in
whom they placed confidence. When, therefore, they
heard it asserted in that House, that the Queen's
moral guilt was established, it amounted to nothing.
They had no right to draw such an inference from
the transactions of that tribunal. He remembered
an anecdote of an Ilonourable Gentleman belonging
to that House who Vas found drinking claret up
stairs in former times, and upon being asked by
some one what were his motives for supporting a
question then under discussion in the House? answered
with naivete,. " I don't trouble myself about the mat.-
ter, Mi. Pitt takes care of that for me." Now the
Noble Earl, at the head of the other House, had
also many Peers in the same predicament ; and he
did not therefore think that the 'majorities of nine
and of twenty-eight, on the Bill in question, gave
any right to any one to talk of the Queen's moral
guilt. It was contrary to all rules of justice, and
would not be endured in any ordinary case.—
In the case of Mr. Hastings, for instance, what would
be said, if ally Gentleman were to get up in that
House after trial, and charge Mr. Hastings with a
conviction of moral guilt in. the transactions of the
ltohillah war, or any other of the matters which had
previoesly been disposed of by the trial ? Would it
be endured, that any Gentleman, under similar cir-
cumstances, should get up and charge Lord Mel-
ville with moral guilt, 'Tho had been acquitted of all
guilt? If such an attempt were made, there would
be competition among his countrymen in that House
to defend his character from so foul an attack—
(Hear, hear). Yet from day to day, and from hour
to hour, were they subjected to hear such attacks
male upon a woman and a Queen !—(Hear,hear).
He should abstain from touching upon the more im-
portant part of the question—the legal part, con-
tenting himself with expressing his conviction, de-
duced from all he had heard in that House on the'
subject, that the omission of her Majesty's name from
the Liturgy was utterly illegal. The motive, he as-
sured the House, which had induced him to give no-
tice of his present motion, was that an end might be
put to the disturbances and distractions of the coun-
try. On this subject he heard with astonishment,
Gentlemen in that House declare that they did not
believe the public interest on this question was so
great as had been represented. He feared that to
Gentlemen capable of doubting this, nothing he
could say would be of any avail. They had only
to use their eyes and ears to be sensible of .the in-
tense feeling which prevailed throughout the cowl-

; , -

~,'4! .i
