IMPORTANT NEWS.

At noon this day it was rumoured in the City, that the
Dutch steamer had arrived, and brought accounts of serious
disturbances at Antwerp. It was added that several young
men had been killed ; and that troops were pouring into the
Netherlands from all quarters. On this eventful intelli-
gence, we intantly made the most minute enquiry ; and have
new before us a letter from Antwerp of Monday last, which
is to the following effect :
" The Rotterdam steam-packet is now passing, and I
have just time to tell you that since mine of last night, great
disturbances have broke out here, and several lives have
ken lost. A number of young men assembled last night,
crying " Vive hi Revolution ! Vire Mr. POTTER ! bas les
Ministres !" The Prince of ORANG E showed himself on
the balcony ; but nothing could pacify them. The
result was, that the soldiers, were called out, and
several lives were lost. The Bourgeoise, or mer-
chants, do all in their power to preserve peace; and
are going to form themselves into a guard for the pro-
tection of property. The KING has left for the Palace at
Lacken, and appears determined to encounter every ob-
stacle. This obulition of popular feeling must not be con-
sidered as the spirit of the people. I hope by next post to
inform you that they are more pacified; but I am sorry to
say revolutionary feelings spread like wild-fire amongst the
young men here. The English are leaving as quick as
possible."

As far as we can judge of the improbability of the revolu-
. tionary commotions in Brussels terminating seriously, from
the causes which have produced it being inadequate, from
its not having apparent encouragement in France, and from
its period having been premature, we should be inclined to
credit the opinions which predominate in continental com-
mercial circles, that tranquillity will soon be restored. In-
telligence, however, reached us this forenoon, of the revolu-
tionary spirit having extended to Antwerp; and if this be true,
we shall not readily believe that the other great and po-
pulous towns in Belgium will be exempt: for we consider,
►hat if any should remain exempt from that spirit, Antwerp
was the most likely to have been so.
We believe that few are enabled to form a very accurate
judgment, how far the policy pursued by the Dutch Go-
vernment, towards its Catholic Provinces, has been detri-
mental, or beneficial, when put into competition with that
pursued towards them formerly by the French Govern-
ment. As far as can be judged by the mere public!
acts of theapresent King of Hou.s Nu, we should say
that he his displayed an anxiety to propitiate all
portions of 'his, in some degree, heterogeneous kingdom.
We have ourselves observed facts, which e..en do not appear
in public papers ; and which convince us, that much has
been done by the Dutch Government to study the interest of
the manufacturers of Brabant ; even when it has been at
the sacrifice of the interests of the Dutch traders.—
We have seen the Dutch Government sacrifice, not
only the interest of the Dutch trader, but the vital

irate;•ests of one of the finest islands which ever formed
a colony to any. State, to the support of the nascent manu-
facturers of Belgium. We allude to the Dutch Colonial
policy as regards the valuable island of Java. Not only
there, have we seen British manufactures excluded by heavy
prohibitory imposts, but what has been a grosser error in
management, and, in fact, one of the most criminal acts of
mis-government, which perhaps modern times can dis-
play, we have seen and we speak now from ac-
tual knowledge—the humble manufactures of the indus-
trious, simple natives, cautiously crushed by fiscal ordinances,
and custom-house regulations of the most extraordinary
character.—Will it be believed, in modern times, that any
European Government, in order to force the population of
an island to purchase printed cottons of their own fabrication,
at a higher price than they could be supplied by rival traders,or
than the natives could supply themselves with, by their own
ingenuity and industry—should first plan to exclude the fo-
reign article by prohibitory duties, and then set to work to
repress the native industry. Such, Reader, we can assure
you, has been the policy of Holland, as exhibited in Java
--an island which appears doomed, one would suppose,
to be for ever a stage for the exhibition of pedlar fraud and
impolicy. The native Javanese, manufacture a kind of
figured coloured cotton, which requires the use of wax, as
the figures are not printed, but dyed. The British printed
cottons had, in the way of fair trade, interfered with this in-
genious, but operose manufacture. When; however, the
prohibitory duties drove the British, for a time, from the
market, the Netherland manufactures came into competition
with the native, which they could not undersel. To pre-
vent this rivalry, the enlightened policy of the Hague or
Batavia—which had the honour of it we do not know—pro-
hibited the importation of bees' wax ! Was not this a noble
specimen of political economy—ye readers of RICARDO
and MILLS ?

This policy, like all founded on such narrow-minded prin-
plea, failed; for the contrivance of man stimulated by his in-
terests, is not easily frustrated. The result has been that the
whole line of Javanese coast is a scene of smuggling, which no
extension of preventative force in such asituation can prevent ;
and the island is again pretty well supplied with the industry
of Manchester and Glasgow.
We are, however, carrying our illustration to too great a
length, for this part of our Paper. We must conclude there-
fore, by remarking, that while what we have stated displays
an anxiety to study the interests of the Belgian manufacturers,
it shows that in that instance the exertion has been injudi-
ciously made, and unsuccessful. On the first downfal
of NAPOLEON, who made the manufactures we are
alluding to, we witnessed in that country, that hip Go-
vernment was highly popular ; and we imagine the encou-
ragement he gave to the manufacturers at that time, and their
rapid success under the policy he was then pursuing,
may still be favourably remembered —and probably the
connection with France be on the whole preferred.

We have the Hamburgh Reporter of Friday now before
us. It does not contain a line of news on the subject of the
disturbances in the Netherlands. We can afford room only
for the following commercical notices :
BORSEN-HALLE, FRIDAY, HALF-PAST 4 O'CLOCK.
Supplies of Wheat from the interior continue to arrive.
The greater part has been bought for exportation, and the
remainder will, probably, be likewise disposed of, as there
appear to be still several foreign orders unexecuted. Our
own consumers have been buying, though only sparingly.
The high prices of the better qualities has induced the
holders of inferior parcels to raise their demands, but hitherto
with little success.

RYE has been rising considerably, and a further advance
is confidently looked forward to. The trifling supplies re-
ceived within the last few days were eagerly taken, and
several parcels were bought from the warehouses. For the
consumption of Hamburg and its vicinity, considerable pur-
chases were also made.

BARLEY continues in demand, for exportation as well as
for home consumption ; Oats, on the other hand, are less in
favour than they were.
From the 14th to the 20th inst. both days included, 149
cargoes of corn passed through the Sound ; of these, 88
were bound for British, 39 for Dutch, and 17 for Swedish
and Norwegian ports ; 2 were bound for Emden, 1 fur Bre-
men, 1 for Hamburg, and 1 for a French port.
Great fluctuations have again taken place in funds, this
week. A scarcity of stock is felt for the approaching liqui-
dation, the consequence of which is, that purchases for the
end of September may be made on better terms than for cash.
The heavy differences to be settled at the end of the present
month, excite some degree of apprehensions as to the result.
Prices from Berlin come lower. Discount 5 per Cent.
CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCE.
We understand from the best authority that all the great
powers of Europe have come to a resolution to acknowledge
the new King of France, and every thing is going on well in
Paris.

Consols which left off yesterday at 901 for the Account,
opened at 904 I, and were done at 90i 2, at present they
are 901 I, with little doing.
Buenos Ayres Papers to the 6th June, have been re-
ceived at the N. S. A. Coffee-house, although not of so late
a date as last received ; we extract the following :—From
the Robert Packet, 6th June. "We have again to notice
the paucity of political events, and perhaps *his state of
things may not be without its advantages. From the in-
terior provinces of the Republic there is no news. The Go-
vernor of this province is still in the country, on a tour of in-'
spection ; the last accounts left him at Salto. A reference
to our price current will show that the price of specie is ra-
ther on the decline, produced by, no doubt, the scarcity of
money. Senor Rajas has been appointed Deputy for the
Government of Buenos Ayres, to act in conjunction with the
three named by the provinces of Santa Fe, Entrerios, and
Circentis, to celebrate a definitive treaty of friendship be-
tween the four provinces."
CITY, HALF-PAST ONE.
A current report prevailed in Change, that the French
rents came 70-50 ; since which we have received an ex-
press from Paris, and we may quote them at 73.
When the Rotterdam steam-boat left, the King of the Ne-
therlands steam-vessel was engaged by the Dutch Govern-
ment to convey troops to Antwerp.
We do not hear that the report of disturbances at Ant-
werp is confirmed.
We understand that the East India Company has given
notice of reducing their Bonds from 3 to 21. 10s. per Cent.
Consols have reached, in the course of the morning, 901,
buyers ; but on the arrival of the Dutch steamer, when
unfavourable accounts were spread, they fell to 901 ; at
present they are 901 to 1 for the account, and 90 for money.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing.

COURT INTELLIGENCE.

THE ROYAL FAMILY.

BRIGHTON (TUESDAY.)—Their gracious Majesties King VrillLan
and Queer. Adelaide arrived here about six o'clock yesterday evening,
amidst the joyous cheer and acclamations of nearly 60,000 of their
dutiful and loyal subjects. The town was at an early hour crowded to
excess ; the people flocked in from all directions ; and for several hours
before their Majesties' arrival, had stationed themselves in dense
masses, from the Pavilion to Patcham, a distance of four miles. Every
window, balcony, and even the house-tops, were filled. The fineness
of the day added considerably to the grandeur of the spectacle. The
utmost precaution was observed to prevent the crowd from incon-
veniencing the progress of their Majesties, notwithstanding which the
pressure became very great at various points, and would have
offered considerable obstruction but for the exertions of the Gentle.
men of the Committee, who were mounted, and accompanied their
Majesties from Patcham to the Pavilion. Their Majesties looked
exceedingly well, and throughout betrayed the pleasing emotions which
pervaded their hearts at the enthusiastic devotion manifested by th ei
grateful subjects on the occasion. It was evident also that their
Majesties were fearful any accident should occur, and more than i
once inquired of the gentlemen who rode next the carriage (Captain
Maher) if any person was hurt. The assurance that no accident had I
occurred afforded their Majesties the utmost gratification. In the
evening the town was illuminated in the most splendid and brilliant
style. The variety of transparencies, devices, crowns, stars, in gas
and variegated lamps, exceeds description. In fact, it would be in.
vidious to particularise individual instances where the thing was so
general. Splendid fire-works were let off on the Steine, and from
the Eclipse steam-packet, which was also brilliantly illuminated
The triumphal arch was splendid beyond description; upwards
of 35 flags were appended to it, and at the summit waved the
standard of England, supported by 70 sailors in full dress. At night it
was brilliantly illuminated. The Princess Elizabeth, of Hesse Horn.
berg, the Princess Augusta, and Prince George of Cumberland, arrived
yesterday. Their Majesties received the addresses from the town,
which we published yesterday, at two o'clock this day. They:received
the deputation most graciously. Both the King and Queen read their
answers. A town Meeting is called for to-morrow, to receive the an.
avers of their gracious Majesties. Most of the Nobility, and a great
number of Gentry, left their names at the Pavilion this day ; amongst
them the Earl and Countess of Chichester, Lord John Townsend, &c.

The Duke and Duchess of Cumberland gave a grand din-
nor at their residence at Kew, yesterday, to the Duke of
Cambridge. There was a select party of the Nobility and
Gentry to meet his Royal Highness.
The Duke of Cambridge paid visits to the Duke of Sussex
and the Princess Sophia, yesterday, at their residence in the
King's Palace, Kensington.
Lord Hill, the Commander of the Forces, and Sir Thomas
Hislop, visited the Duke of Cambridge yesterday, at Cam-
bridge House, Piccadilly.
The Ambassador from the. Netherlands had a conference
with the Earl of Aberdeen on Saturday, at the Office of the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; His Excellency had
also an interview yesterday with the Earl of Aberdeen.
The Count de Vitzhum (on a special mission from the
King of Saxony) had an interview with the Earl of Aber-
deen, at the Foreign Office, on Monday.
The Russian Minister and the French Charge d'Affaires
transacted business with the Earl of Aberdeen yesterday, at
the Foreign Office.
DOVER, AUG. 30.—General Baudrand embarked in the
packet this morning, on his return to Paris. We continue
to receive reports of disturbances in Flanders. At Brussels,
Ghent, and Bruges, riotous excesses had been committed.
Several travellers who were journeying thither have returned.
Two of the Government messengers went from hence in an
open boat for Calais this morning, charged with despatches.
A requisition for a Special Court of Common Council, to
congratulate the French nation on their great constitutional
triumph, is now in progress. Nearly 70 members have al-
ready signed the requisition, and as fast as the absent mem-
bers reach town fresh names will be added.

The late events in Paris have sent us over, we are sorry
to understand, a numerous importation of the gambling va-
gabonds of the Paleis Royal, who are seeking to set up their
nefarious practices at some of the hells in the neighbourhood
of St. James's-street.—Herald.

The East India Company's ship Farquharson arrived off
Margate the 30th August. She loft China the 12th March,
and St. Helena the Bth of July. The Scaleby Castle ar-
rived in the Downs the same day. She left China the 3d of
April, and St. Helena the Bth of July.
Though marine insurance originated with the Dutch, yet,
notwithstanding their sagacity and desire to cultivate indus
trious habits, they rigidly prohibited, in its outset, insurance
upon lives, which it was left to this country to originate and
carry on to the extent in which it now exists.
The whole of the records now occupying the dangerous
wooden erection in Westminster Hall are about to be re-
moved to the building lately the King's Mews at Charing-
cross, preparatory to the Coronation of their Majesties, which
is expected to take place in the spring.
ANOTHER COINCIDENCE.—It is a remarkable fact that
Charles X. and the Dey of Algiers were both, on the 19th of
this month, on the point of landing on a foreign shore.
INVERNESS, AUG. 27.—The Election of a Member of
Parliament for this County came on to-day. There were
two candidates in the field—the Right Hon. Charles Grant,
the former Member; and Mr. M'Leod, of M'Leod, who
rested his pretensions chiefly, if not solely, on the support of
Government, and whose recent address to the freeholders
formed the subject of discussion in the London Newspapers.
Up to the day of election the confidence of M' Leod and
his party was unlimited and unabated; but after the meet-
ing of freeholders was constituted, and motions made on
both sides for the appointment of Chairman and Clerk, it
appeared that Mr. Grant had so decided a majority, that
Mr. McLeod declared, that in consequence of the first aspect
of the Meeting, which rendered all chance of success on his
part hopeless, he felt himself constrained to abandon the
contest. We shall only add, that Mr. Grant's ascendancy
in the county of Inverness continues triumphant, and that
the great interest of the day was increased by a speech from
Mr. Grant, in reply to certain animadversions of his oppo-
nent, in which he explained and defended his public conduct
in Parliament, in a strain distinguished alike by warmth of
feeling and brilliant eloquence. He was enthusiastically
cheered in the course of it, and his manly and forcible ap-
peal carried conviction to the hearts of all who heard it.

TUE NEW POLICE.—We understand that it is in agita-
tion to call a public meeting, in order to check the unconsti-
tutional system of the New Police, to adopt the best means
for rendering them servants of the public, and not a ques-
tionable force in the hands of Government. Their suiveil-
lance is, at all times, disgusting, and their conduct has
been, in many instances, flagrant. It will he proposed that
all appointments be made parochial—(the superintendents
and inspectors to be householders in their respective parishes).
—that three cr more respectable parishioners, according to
the population, be chosen as delegates, to form one general
committee, which shall elect from their number three or five
commissioners to superintend the whole system, instead of
two persons, above all a military man, nominated by the
Home Department. If Government really and honourably
intend the police system for the benefit, and not the slavery
of the Londoners, we cannot foresee any objection on their
part to a measure so rational, so just, and so watchful, over
British freedom.—Herald.
