LOCAL JURISDICTION RILL.

Mr. BROOM AAI moved for leave to bring in a bill for the esta.
iilishment of local jurisdiction for the better administration of justice.
The bill had been previously before the House, and had been read twice
during last session. and was not pressed for on an understanding that
time should be given for its consideration. The honourable member
liegged that the bill might now be admitted on the footing of its ad-
vanced stage, and that the time of the House might not needlessly be
consumed with repeating a formal fresh introduction. lie would not
press for the immediate attention of the House to it, but was de-
sirous that the bill should come under consideration soon after Christ-
mas. He was not in the habit, he said, of noticing personalities that
might be termed a breach of privilege that were directed against him ;
he only once noticed a publication which had grossly misrepresented
him ; he was the object of such attacks at all times before the re-
cess, during the recess, and after the recess—every day of the week,
Sundays not excepted, yet he never complained ; but when there was an
attempt, a very peculiar attempt, to intimidate a member of this house
from doing his duty, the circumstance required notice; and he hoped
that when he had made his communication, it would serve as a firm
meaning ; and that they need not " lay the flattering unction
to their soul" that he was to be intimidated. (Hear, hear.) He
had been represented, when he introduced this bill, to have de.
signated the attorneys and solicitors as a disrespectable body ; and he
had received a circular which, in pretty plain terms, intimated that it
was the intention of the attorneys and solicitors to shut their doors
against him ; about that description of combination he did not care ; but
he might say that he would defend himself, by bringing about a similar
combination among the barristers, and it would be seen which of the two
classes would triumph. He had never said that attorneys and solicitors
were disrespectable bodies ; on the contrary, he acknowledged their re-
spectability ; but he had said that there were mal-practitioners among
them • and the same remark would apply with equal fairness to the bar.
He declined to read the circular. He was confident that every respectable
practitioner would approve of his nirasure.

Sir It. PEEL was decidedly favourable to any measure that would
make the recovery of small debts more expeditious, by which the ex-
pense of process would be lessened.—Ht: had a bill prepared by himself
that comprised that object, which he would defer bringing In en account
of that of the hon. member's being on the same subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated a few objections to the bill, on the
Found that it would tend to pull down some of our present existing
institutions.

hir. TENNANT said, that it would require some consideration,
seeing that the proposed measure of the hon. member would cost the
country an additional tax of 100,0001. per annum.
Mr. TENNYSON spoke in support of the motion.
Mr. O'CONNELL regretted that the bill, emanating from a mind
so well qualified, had not, as well as providing for the recovery of small
debts, embraced a better provision for the recovery of large debts. As
to the expense of the measure, lie would consider it well laid out, if it
brought home justice to every man's door. lie wanted to beat down
the harvest of litigation.

11ir. BROUGHAM said, that he hoped the bill would not be tried
on the score of its expense, but that it would be tried on its merits.
lie Intel no wish nor intention to pull down the existing institutions,
nor infringe upon the judicial system. Not only would a hundred thou-
sand pounds be too much to throw away for which no benefit was to
be derived, but 100 pence or one pound would be too much
He had demonstrated last session that after the machinery of
the bill was brought into play, it would not cost the country a far-
thing. He alluded to an attack which had been made upon him by a
much esteemed, venerable, and gracious friend—[We believe Mr. Ben-
tham, and that the attack appeared in the Westminster Reviewi— one
whom he had long esteemed. and with whom he had laboured in the
eanie vineyard, who had represented him as an enemy to reform, and a
dangerous Iran to society, and that he was actuated by pecuniary mo-
tive.. lie was astonished at the attack, but he disclaimed the impute.
tion. On his last circuit there were ninety-seven cases of recovery of
debts which he was employed in, and 86 of them would have been su-
perseded had his bill been in operation. It could not then well be
said that any man was actuated by pecuniary motivep, who, on the
score of profit and loss, was willing to drop eight-ninths of his practice
in that departnient. After a lengthy conversation the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR moved for certain returns relative to the Vice.
Chancellor's Court.

Mr. LONG WELLESLEY presented a petition for the abolition of
colonial slavery —Laid on the table.
Mr. E. N. V. PENDARVES presented 98 petitions for the abo-
lition of colonial slavery.—Laid on the table.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the ac-
counts of the civil list, and moved that they be taken into consideration
on Frid• next.
Mr. HUME objected to the motion for so early a day. He was not
to vote for any sum until he had considered the different items,
if the hon. gentleman would insist on Friday, he (Mr. H.) bad
made up his mind to take the sense of the house on the subject.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM reminded the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer that a paper had been called for containing lists of all places and
pensions, civil and military, which had not been produced ; and he (Sir
J. Graham) thought that the house should not be called upon to vote •
supply until that return was made.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied, that the re-
turn was attended with much difficulty, and was not yet completed ;
but he was ready to produce it if the hon. member would be sails.
led with it, deficient as it was of some items.
Mr. DENISON said the time was too short. There were many new
members in the house who would require time to be informed on the
items. He suggested that the hon. gentleman should bring forward his
►tatements in Friday, and allow till Monday for consideration.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER objected to the ar-

rangement.
Mr. HUME then expremed his determination to take the sense of
the house.
Sir R. PEEL observed, that the hon. member for Middlesex would,
perhaps, defer his intention if he had a good bargain offered him on the
night ; and it would be economy of time to refrain from further debate
till the night came.
Mr. HUME replied, that perhaps the boo. Secretary had made the
proposition, knowing that when the night came he would be so well
backed; but be (Mt. H.) would " buy no pig in a poke." About
economy of time, if it was economy to him, it would not be economy to
many others m and he would prefer to have the engagement at once.
_ . . . . .

Mr. DENISON remarked, that it could not be the wish of the
titancellor of the Exchequer to place any hen. member of that have in
the ungracious situation to refuse to vote a supply to his Majesty's 00.
remount, which must be the ease with spay if he persisted to pan fir
Friday, the day named.
After some conversation, it wai 'understood that the house wsuld not
be premed for a vote on Friday, tett that the resolution on that night
should be withdrawn for considevatien.
The House adjourned About Half-pest
