A British Cabinet Minister passed through Bruime
on the Bth instant, with dispatches from London' for
Vienna. • •
His Count de Cr Ambassador at

Excellency iZELES, _
Rome, arrived at Brussels on the Bth instant.

Monsign- ,Orrtxt' Papal Nuncio in Switzerlanti,
who is expected at Ostend, will wait there for the nevi
Empress Of BRAZIL, whom he will accompany to Rio
de Janeiro, where he is entrusted with a mission from
the POPE to the Emperor Don PEDRO.

PRIVATE LETTER FROM PARIS.
Sra—.You have doubtless ere this obtained full know-
ledge of our misfortunes. Our Administration is once
more revolutionized, and shuffled into a pack of dirty
cards, with which we expect France to play a losing
game, at the expense of her honour. Indeed, the weak.
ness of our late Ministry long gave us just ground to
anticipate its total overthrow ; and we are only astonished,
feebly infirm as it was, how it at all contrived to totter so
long upon its legs. Still, with all its defects, every true.
Frenchman deplores its fall ; for though indecisive in
other things, it was inexorably deaf to the demoniac lug.
geetions of METTERNICH, and the horde of conspirators
under his auspices, now labouring in various Cabinets to
annihilate the existence of constitutional liberty through.
out the whole earth. •. It stood as a barrier to the
sinister projects of Austria and his tools in England.
The growing attachment of France to the principles
of pure government was gaining strength every day
and absolutism in Spain and Portugal—impeded by the
example she held out—was fearful, sooner or later, to
break down before public Constitutional temptations.
METTURNICII, joining in their terrors, considered
France as the rock upon which his atrocious systems were
doomed to break, unless he could undermine a Ministry
so unfavourable to his wicked maxims. The weakness
of its character encouraged him to try upon it his de.
structive skill ; while your WELLINGTON, labouring un-
der a disease of mind, the melancholy character of which
is a furor for superannuated principles, and feudal Go-
vernments, exerted all his small talents in the Michiava-
lian plot, which has brought our late cabinet so suddenly
to the ground ; and, alas ! much of our most promising
hope along with it.

The Jesuits are once more upon the qui vine,—the
friends of the arbitrary are again in motion,—the press
stands in fearful suspense,—and the whole body of the
people await, with anxious curiosity, the events soon to
be brought to birth, under the government of men we
both fear and despise.
As despotic principles cannot exist and flourish
within view of Constitutional liberty, it is of vital
necessity that our Charter, together with the Constitution
of Belgibm, be abrogated ; and that immediate attempts
will be made to effect so calamitous a purpose, we have
little doubt. Absurd predilections for the crazy anti-
quated old regime, is a strong feature of the Pouc xec
character : happy for us, the name smells rank to our
nose, and the incapacity of the man is an anti-
dote to his malevolence. The other Members of this
wretched Confederacy for Ministry we will not
call it—with scarce an exception, are the very essence
of corrupt mediocrity. METT ZAN IC H and WELLINGTON
will work but badly with such instruments ; and the
people, fully aware of their charitable intentions, will
watch them with a jealous vigilance. We are prepared
for a renewal of the grossest attempts upon our liberty,
and are ready to resist them with the same energy which
has before rendered them abortive. What madness is
it not in a handful of men—and such men !—pre-
sumptuously to think that the force of their genius
can arrest the inexorable progress of liberal thought,
and universal convictions of public and individual
rights ?—that the light which has gradually been
dawning upon the millions, kindled by philosophy, fixed
by demonstration, and disseminated by the regenerating
press, is to be puffed out like a farthing candle, by a
knot of ignorant hungerera after power, suspected by
the people, and loaded with all their hate. Since freedom
began her blessed march through Europe, league after
league has plotted to destroy her ; but still she marches
on ; in spite of obstacles she makes her way—too dear
to the human heart, and too powerful with the under-
standing, to suffer defeat at the hands of paltry tyranny.
Multifarious and formidable have been the impediments
resuscitated to oppose her progress ; but what the most
powerful heads and the most dauntless hearts have failed
to effect, such shadows, flitting before the political lantern
as those who now perpetuate the barbarous war against
her, cannot hope to effect.—They will intrigue in
tremour, machinate suspicious of each other, act with
cowardice, and end with obloquy, ridicule, and recrimi-
nation. Poor France is again ready to defend her
liberties from peril; they have cost her dear, and dearly
does she cherish them. The apathy of England at pre-
mist, on questions that would have plunged your prede-
cessors into anxiety and ferment, cannot fall like a
visitation upon us. We shall, with ardour, resist the
least encrOachment upon our righti. We will not permit
our national honour to be trifled away by the crooked
imbecile policy of mischievous drivellers. They must
walk straight, or a lesson shall be inculcated en their
minds, not less impressive from being withheld for a
time; France, Sir, is now firm in her principles ; and
the puny efforts of such men.as now aim at the destruc-
tion of European liberty, at the instigation of the heart-
less and cunning knave of Austria, can no more shake
them than they can our mountains of Auvergne. D.
We are reluctantly compelled, by want of room, to
reject another long and interesting Private Letter from
Paris, dated Tuesday last. It is wholly upon the change
in the French Ministry—a change the most appalling of
any that has taken place in Europe fot a long space of
time:- Our infoimation on this important event is full
and authentic.; and we shall be careful in our selections
on.the subject.
Bombay Papers have been received to the 3d of April-
The Colitis are shut there, in consequence of the dispute
between Sir J. P. GIANT and the Government, and
will not be opened until the arrival of the new Judges.
It was reported at Luxemburg, that the King of the
Netherlands, accompanied by the King of Prussia, are
going to visit the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg. This
union of the two Monarchs is not without some political
motive ; ands project is said to be on the kris, of
treble alliance between Russia, Prussia, and the Kiog of
the Netherlanrbi.
A Singapore Price Current, of the 14th March, has
been received at the North and South American Coffee-
house; alsceMimithis Papers to the 3d May. Be the
Sinispore Price current:, the Government bills on Bengal
'am 2101, and.private bills the same. -Private bills on
London 2d. par B. •delleit. '-Freight. to Union, 'deed.
li!retlits IL IoeoT—leeleatieeents 41- •

... .

2

A :.•

yam. ,"!.. ..

LITERATURE AND THE DRAMA.
WYSIrS CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION : C.eiluaN.

;..

Mr. Wise tells us in his introduction, that the His-
tory of the Catholic Association may be divided into five
distinct epochs : " I. The period of its original formation
in 1756, or rather 1760. 11. The period of its revival,

in 1790. 111. The period of its re-establishment in
1809, under the former name of Committee. IV. The

continuation of the same body in 1813, under the name

of Boards and V, and finally, the period of its restora-

tion, under its old designation, in 1823." From each of

these periods we shall, at opportunities, present our

readers with extracts : that which we shall supply
to-day, referring to. times immediately antecedent, will
impart a preliminary elucidation 'and interest to the

whole. The book opens with some remarks on the

Treaty of Limerick, which—under the pretext of con-
firming—the historian says was basely eluded by a Bill,

misnamed " A Bill for the confirmation of the Articles

of the Treaty of Limerick." The TREATY, itself, he

describes as having for its main object the security of
the capitulating party : it confirmed existing property,
and was the charter equally of Protestant and Catholic.
During the first four years of the reign of King WI L-
IfIA )4 who administered the government in his own
sense with great lenity and judgment, a flash of pros-
perity illuminated the commerce and agriculture of
Ireland: 233,106 acres were restored from confisca-
tion ; 74,722 outlawries were reversed; the value of
land rose; a sturdy yeomanry began to spread itself
over the country, and even the cottier class exhibited
the amelioration. But it was a flash, only to precede the
darkness. The beneficent intentions of the Sovereign
were fristrated or perverted into tyrannous engines, by
those who were entrusted with their execution : Protes-
tant monopoly, and Protestant party-spirit, breathed like
a blight upon the royal graces, and intercepted them
in their passage to the people ; and the venality and vin-
dictiveness of Irish Parliaments did the rest. The histo-
rian shall now speak for himself :

p_,.

To the commercial jealousy, then, of England, and to the base
desertion, for the purpose of personal revenge of the Protestant
party in Ireland. of all the grand interests of their common country,
may be traced the first seeds of that desolating code. which pro.
diced a larger and more permanent share of injury to the country,
than all the ravage of the wars of 1641, or the recent struggle be-
tween James and William. Pasturage gradually superseded agri-
culture, (1) the population baits proportion to the resources of the
soil ; manufactures had perished, and there was no reservoir to
receive the surplus of the people : idleness produced famine, and
famine insurrection, and insurrection extermination ; and thus,
through a series of the. same vicious follies and criminal experi-
ments, the country gradually retrograded, and at last sunk. Ire.
land fell from her station in Europe, and Protestantism and
monopoly alone flourished.
The subsequent period of the reign of Queen Anne. under. the
profligate Viceroyalty of the Earl of Wharton, &0.. was prin-
cipally filled up in adding new links to the ail-embracing penal
chain, and moulding into a still more atrocious perfection the
anti-social code, which bad been comparatively mild under the
reign of William. The barbarisleg non-education laws were ren-
dered the more precise (u) ; the Gavel Act of Queen Anne was
sharpened into more execrable efficiency; every legal evasion sug-
gested by the commiseration and humanity of the Protestant was
attempted to be cut dr; and to give it- a still more sweeping ex-
tension, it was rendered by a clause of peculiar malignity, retro.
active. Bat the ingenuity of the persecutor was principally cur-
deed in attempting the extermination of the Catholic priesthood.
Partly by fraud, partly by violence, first by registering, and then
:by forcing on the registered the oaths of abjuration, and Meeting
their refusal with an accumulation of pains and penalties unknown
in the code of any civilised nation, they nearly succeeded in emir-
-pacing all species of religious as well as literary instruction from the
island.. The profession of informers was declared " an honourable
mace" by a resolution of the House of Commons; blood.money
for the capture of Priests was unsparingly lavished; the whole
country was debauched and demoralised by the very bodies, to
whom chiefly was intrusted the guardianship of public morality.
It was in vain that Sir Stephen Rice. in support of the petition of
Lard Kingsland. again attempted to interpose his powerful elo-
quence between his Catholic countrymen and these atrocious
enactments. But the last consummation was now perfected. The
land was reduced to a wane, yet fear and discord still reigned;
solitude was everywhere, but peke was not yet established. Emi-
crftions became numerous and frequent; all who could fly, lied.
left behind a government in prey •to every vice, and a
country the .victim of every wrong. The facility of acquiring
property by the violation of the natural duties of social life, was
too powerful a temptation : dishonesty, treachery, and extrava-
gance prevailed. The rewards of conformity cast at large the
seeds of mutual distrust in the hearts of child and of parent.—
Hypocrisy and dissimulation were applauded and recompensed
by the laws themselves. A nursery for young tyrants was
formed in the very bosom of the Legislature; habitual own-
lion and habitual subserviency degraded and debased the
upper classes. The lower, without rights, without lend (3),
with scarcely a home, with nothing which truly gives country
to man, basely crept over their native sal, defrauded of its
blessings, " the patient victims of its wrongs, the insensible spec-
tators of its ruin,"- and left behind them, between the cradle and
the grave, no other trace of their existence than the memorial of
calamities under which they bent, and of crimes which were assi-
duously taught them by their governors (4).
The reign of George I. could add little to these inflictions.
Human cruelty seemed exhausted. The peculiar circumstances
-Which threw him into the hands of the Whigs, rendered still more
permanent and unrelenting the two-fold policy of his predecessor.
Hatred to Popery—hatred to Ireland—the first confounded with
slavery, the second with every thing hostile to the supremacy of
Mostata, were the guiding maxims of his Cabinet and Parliament.
The one worked for the other; and the English Monarch, for-
getting he was also King of Ireland, played kingdom against king-
elan, and party against party, reigning over factions, and rejoicing
over victories, each of which, by a just and wise Monarch, ought
to hue been lamented as a national defeat. •
All the forma tyrannies were now found consolidated inn, one.
The'records of this reign present the same indefatigable pumas.
ciao of the Catholic clergy, the same injuries and insults haps/
without measure on the ancient aristocrat', of the country, Bathos
anxiety to furnish new additions to the exterminating codeitheeuese
legalised violations of the rights of the subject, the same unapations
of Irish righte, which so disgracefully characterise the admioistra—
tire and parliaments of the preceding. But alder' George the
First, what was originally experiment became system ; and the
machinery, wherever it was found defective, by the pervesse vi-
gilance.of the legislature, was gradually improved into the most
atrocious perfection. The; Protestant had achieved the work for
which be was employed ; and it was now time that " the broken
tool" should in its due season be cast away. The. Irish-Protestant
Constitution in Church and State was fully established: the Pro-
testant lad reaped and toiled ; but the harvest was not for. the
'thiamin, bit the Englishman. The poisoned chalice was re-
turned-to his own lips. -Ile bad succeeded. In barbarisiog, in des
mitralisalt. in impoverishing, the Catholic; but when be cannel.

•
(1) Loa immediately fell, 'after this BO " for.prwrwsdagtbe
/row* of Popery," lo per cent. The prompt Imaiwipadie 80.
it is to he'lsoped, will work a contrary mind& •
(t) The Irish were taught in Munster the- Greek and Latin
languages, mathematics, history, geography, and other sciences.
The existing law was not sufficient to eradicate civilisation. It
eras enacted, that every Popish schoolmaster, tutor, or usher,
should be subject to the same penalties as the Catholic Clergy, and
SOL was offered for their conviction. In such lawi, and nor in
the want of well-bound Bibles, we *hall find the secret of Irish
barbarism.
(s) Land—land—land—wai the beginning, the middle, the end
of all this. Fear against fear (says an Italian politician) itch* pro-
moter and continuer of all revolutions.
(4) What Lord Chesterfield said later, was equally-applicable to
Al. period. "AU the causes that ever destroyed any country,
conspire in this paint to ruin Ireland. Premature luxury outstrips•
•your riches, which in other countries it only Accompanies : sr total
.ffistegard to the poblic interest both in the gaserwed.and geornpro—
a profligate and shameless avowil of private interest—a Wand
.corruption both of morals and madners. All this is mbre thin sr
. warm to subveri any Cosuitution LA the worid,"..4ssesimltswp,
Iffaria, v. UL p. Sri.- • . • .• • .
• •

inspect the works of his own bands, he found that be must continue
to dwell in the midst of the ruin and desolation, and lint the bar-
barism, and vice. and poverty, which he had so madly created, for
ever raging around him. He had succeeded in excluding the Ca-
tholic from all power, sod for a moment held triumphant and
exclusive possession of the conquest ; but be was merely a lOCUIPS
teneou for a more powerful conqueror.—a jackaU for the lion,--an
Irish steward for an English master; and the time soon came round
when he was obliged to render up reluctantly. but immediately,
even this oppressive trust. The exclusive system was turned against
him : he had made the executive entirely Proiedard j the Whip it
George I. made it almost entirely English. His victory paved'
the way for another far easier and far more important. Popery
fell, but Ireland fell with it. tom this day until 1782 Ireland
was a nitre grovelling colony. regulated by the avarice or fears et
a stranger (5).
The panic of 1115 the stassequent contest on Wood's patent, the
extreme wretchedness, verging to absolute famine in 1725, and the
succeeding years. tended only to render still more intolerable Use
position of the Catholics. George 11. ascended the throne. and. thel
Catholics for a moment indulged the hope of a relaxation. But
their very congratulations were contemptuously consigned to obli-
vion (6) : they were almost forgetters in the nation : they were
voted by both Houses scarcely to exist. Their last remaining
privilege was surreptitiously wrested from them. The Catholic
freeholder was disfranchised before the Catholic could be apprised
that such a Bill was even before the liaise (7). The very converts
from Catholicity, who did not attest the sincerity of the change by
an ultra seal in profession and persecution, were. like the drummer
at the triangle, subjected often to penalties little less than those
which they were expected to inflict upon others. Charter school.
were founded, by the pious and cruel Booker, "nut of concern
for the salvation of these poor creatures, who are our fellow sub-
jects, and to try all possible means to bring them and theirs
over to a knowledge of the true religion."--( May 5, 1750). Bills
for registering the Popish Clergy, for annulling all marriages, &c.
between Catholics and Protestants, &c. &c. were passed. Yet
was net Ireland bettered, but the malady grew chronic, and
desperate ; cure was considered impossible ; a whole nation was
deemed irreclaimable. The desolating famine of 1740, one of the
most terrible in the memory of man, carrying off 400,000 persons,
the fifth or sixth within twenty years, was another blessing of this
tem:halve legislation. Drains to absentees, the old restrictions un
the woollen trade, embargoes on provides, tied want of specie,
milaMmd the distress • nor was the persecution of man corrected
by the awful visitations of Ilaovioarice. The first symptoms of
returning plenty were oily stimulants to new excess. The Procla-
Station for the suppression of monastic institutions in 1744 was the
eliqueL A general disarming of the Catbolks took plate ; the sanctity
eigoinestic retreat was violated in search of Priests ; chapels were
=public service and private devotion were suspended; terror
els all sides ; and a persecution unequalled by any of the
preesdleg spread to the most remote parts of the kingdom. The
Scotch rebellion of 1745 still further increased the alarm and
cruelty of the ascendancy ; trampled as the Catholic was to the
very earth, shorn of every element of power, deprived of even the
hope or the yearning after self-redress, the natural apprehensions
arising out of a guilty conscience, attributed to him intentions
which were never verified by deeds, and saw, in the just sense of
the injuries which bad been inflicted, the probability of a merited
and universal retaliation. Measures of extreme rigour were
adopted, measures of extreme atrocity were proposed. A massacre
similar to that of 1641 is said to have been agitated in the Privy
Council (8). Let its hope, for the honour of our common Chris-
tianity, that such things, even in Ireland, are impossible.
Ti. result indicated Catholicloyalty, or rather it proved Catholic
depression. Their whole nature was emasculated; no yoke, how.
ever heavy, was DOW to be resisted : the rods were changed into
whips 'of scorpions; and they bent their bodies in apathy or
resignation to the stroke. The doubtful and insidious policy of
Lied Chesterfield affected to heal these wounds. It was the entire
end of his Administration to carry the " saunter in modo," the
" farther in re," into his cruelties. He differed from his prede-
cessors in one thing only—he enforced the sanguinary statute with
a lode. His Machiavellian genius was applied with earnest-
name' the task ; but the Dew laws which he recommended were
nmeeessary. The evil bad reached its maturity ; there was
nothing to add : the Catholic bad in mind and body become em-
phatically the Helot. The Protestant ascendancy bad no rival ;
and its vigour and powers seemed assured to it for ever. In one
band it held strength, and in the other length of days. But, the
seeds of death were in is heart. Injustice is not destined to be
eternaL

(5) Primate Boulter, the English manager for twenty years,
gives very ample details of this system. (Cotrapoadence passim).
It is true, indeed, that the open avowal and determined aisertion
of English supremacy in this reign, connected with other transitory
circumstances. of the times, such u Wood's halfpence and Swift's
Letters, roused a sort of galvanic effort In this dead maw, and
evinced an inclination to resist the successful e*Croocbment of the
ruling power. Brit the man had to deal with a child. England
had to menace the ghost of Popery, and the resistance, as of old,
instantly subsided. So much for the courage and patriotism of
these Church and State defenders I

(6) L;;TTliel:cliiilitiOiliers waited on the Lord Lieutenant
with an Address, and begged it should be transmitted to his bla-
jetty. It was net even modeled.
(7) The attention of the Catholics was eluded by the beading
of the /341. It was called A Hill for regulating," &c.
franchisement in aU times was a hard word. It received the royal
assent before they could even protest against it: some date this
spoliation in 171 S; others in 1727.
• (8) O'Cooor, p. Of.

A sew Melodrama, produced last evening at the English Opera
again attracted us to that home, though surfeited with the balder-
dash althea* terrific trifles. The duty we owe the public, and the
interest we take in that rising theatre, disposed us thankfully to
• dt down to the aeries the indelatipble manager of it so anxiously
and so liberally presents us with. After an overture, composed
takhfully in the rake of as horrible and mystbrious, the curtain
ruse to the representation of the piece they have entitled the Wit.
,maraud which was misted in with ail the favourite effect of wooden
thunder and rode VW** The _setwillig kw:idiots we lased
we hadoded, the 1111111.1 kwebellerds oennation imperfect,
wad the descant a knot Mita& to INA ante how or any
how, weighting eve bieirsel Mit down at Noscalkkick, in the
tailed spiral( the and-bus yet with ail this, the drama
aillarded a seeps for acting, which was ousted to the best profit by
every actor in the piece ; and while we smiled at the crassness
of the Action, our attention was kept with intense emotion
fixed on'the badness of the same. The acting of Vuuso, in the
old man; we amen to be a model of scenic art—the helplessness
of age. The drakes' of affection bursting through the whelming
feelings of remorse, the despondesey of dispair, and the wotkings
of terror, were &aimed with a truth by that gentleman, that has
risen him to no small place in our estimation. With the exception
of a little over-sang in the sane where he first receives the eat of I
his murdered felted, be was without a fault : so bombast, no bellow.
ins. to winding oldie limbs, and unnatural convulsions of the face, i
disgraced his taste, and disgusted our understanding, as too many of ' i
his comrades, with sack an opportunity, undoubtedly would ham
done. Had this geoffestan been successfully enjoying the quackery of 1
a nanovide acting la tide part woad have overflowed the theatre
for sasses to come. Mies Naar seconded him well (for that is
the word) in the natural and effective manner in which she per-
sonated hisssterc and, their united efforts, in some passages,,
awoke spa we had ceased to experience for a lung time..
Peasnotwe were happy to find, had the humanity to spate his author
and us, by refraining fens his wed terrible rolling of the letter R..
and strain* his poor voice and muscles like a maniac at full moon.
If this geodentan tumid only, as the French significantly say, pot'
a linkmen in his wise, be would lad his account in our in•
creasing favour and Indulgence. Kaska and Mrs. Keeiv's busi
ness in she plot Is seedy an episode. The smart trait and repartig
it net • tie " fore" of our ntelo.dramatist•Jos anise could
have eispplied him with fresher materials than those he employe to
resemble Wit. Sams looked the old English forest marauder to
the vay.life—he has an art of dressing a character that does the
highest bower to his judgment; he sever appears but he satisfies
as with his look, and it would be well that others; • holding a
higher rank in the drama, would take a lemon from hies in. tide
panic:au. And sow that we are upon this again, we have to ems—
pampa the directorial the stage—if the arrangement oT costume
is his province, ea the strict keeping preserved in this respect by
the whole dramatis permed of the piece.
, With the saga exception of Miss Yars.iv, all were dressed true
to oidEaglielt times ; no tinsel aid feather polled us with the stage
as they in general do.
• Thls drama woad have been excellent stuff for an operatic coat.
poser to have rapidly worked upset, but the musician has con-
tented himself by merely letrodecing some fugitive morsels—two
of which were prettpeueset—namft, the air of Miss Kait.e,
when cornicing her keheri—ma ter plaintive little thing in
as style of a Fimidt eumenee, Peng by Mrs. Kase. •
We clock& by weak* a eumaction that this melt-drama,
The Wilms—in @paid kadawasand faults as a piece, and llama's
alkalies raining Obese vril isentinee to create much attractive
ntered with the ruble.

ICNOLittli .OPERA HOUSE.
ricill A COZIESPOUDYNT.

Last night a Melo-dratna wee predated. calkd The Witness."
Henderson and Eton, two old friends, bus an accidental soared
on heard a ainnaling vend; $ blow front Moo phials a are&
or thiamin:est a heel• canoes the amsbatante le pitch ireer.
is augght by the hoe of the towhee : Moe le allilleeet
to have been eflmd, sad his aotagesistidsd for the waft ant
awydeted fee want of evident& He adapts the eon of

tween whom and his daughter Catherine, Miss Kitty. en at-
tachment is formed. The piece commences with the return of
young Elton. Psalms, from his studies abroad ; and his first ap-
pearance in an old mariner's suit of his father's. causes Henderson
to consider him as the apparitional his deceased father. Ow retiring
to bed, young Elton is alarmed by a similar apparition. which de.
tails his ewe murder, and prohibits his son's marriage with Cube•
rine. A deer stealer being apprehended, and brought before Hen-
derma, threatens young Elton with disclosing certain ill deeds com-
mitted by his guardian and adopted father, and these threats
obtain an order, by Henderson, for his liberation. To heighten the
interest, Henderson confesses the supposed murder to his daughter.
The officers of justice arrived—be is secreted at first, but even-
tually taken, cried, and whilst his daughter is exulting in the absence
of all legal prolate. Old Elton (The Witness) appears--is again
considered as the ghost of himself by Henderson, but relieves all
parties by proclaiming his actual corporeal existence, and (for-
tunately Lori Lawsnown's Act had not yet been passed, extend-
ing Lord ELLcusousouou's cutting, with intent, to attempting to
drown) consequent innacence of Henderson.
The author has drawn largely upon the former belief in ghosts
and dreams. The Magistrate records all that passes between young
Ecru/4 and his serial visitant, as legal evidence of the facts de-
posed ; but the acting of Mr. J. VIIIIMia and Miss KELLY was
very forcible. particularly the scenes of the confession of Hender-
son, and his capture, when her stterdesolation of heart was mani-
fested in tones which vibrated upon the sensibility of the auditors,
and seemed too true to nature to base been wholly taught by ima-
gination. This acting saved the piece.
The painful impression left by the Melo-drama was quite effaced
by the clever French farce of "Military Tactics." The parts formerly
played by Traits' and
hard passiburegui, by BASTLET and Warmer; but Miss Cause
was an admirable representative of the French coquette—no ac-
tress on the stage could dress, look. or act that ogernais character so
well ; and the little Air of " Au Clair de la Lune mon aml Par-
rot," was delightfully sung by her and her lover, as a duet.
