MUNICH. Any. s.

The act of betrothing of the Prince,. Amelia of Leuchtsaberg
with the Emperorof Brasil, took place tatley by procuration. The
Prince Charles was the proxy of the Emperor upon the solemn
occasion. She set out on the 4th. The young Empress, now in
her 17th year, bas been, since her espousals. diligent in acquiring a
knowledge of her new country and its language, wit► the aid of the
Counsellor Martins, our former traveller In that region. She was
able already to surprise the Ambassador of her Imperial ►usband,
by answering him in the Portuguese language. The Minister et
his Imperial Majesty, the Marquis Barbecena, has established, in
his MajestyPa name, a foundation of 40,000 florins, from the pro-
duct of which the expense of optlitting of poor orphans is to be
defrayed, to take place every year no the betrothing day, in com-
memoration t►ereof.

Nuremberg Correspondent, August 4.
A Professorship of Antiquities has been found at the University
of Leipsig in favour of the Professor &Werth, who has lately
concluded hh literary travels, and is now engaged in arranging sad
preparing for publication the materials collected by the Professor
Spelns, de Angus d Utah esterun Egyptionws, as also a course of
lectures, in which he will unfold his own discoveries upon the
curious subject of the hieroglyphics.
A.report frost the heed-quarters, Zendochi KW, before libuinla
of the sth, gives, among other particulars of the siege of Siberia
the following : •

To appreciate duly all the dilindikes tor the skies it would be
borne in mind that the rainy weather NNW *eased for a monssot
to bury the workmen and their work in so abyss of water. Among
the prisoners taken at Mistral there was not a single foreigner,
During the skge, the lint battalSon of the Infantry regiment of
Sophia occupied, on the id June, the fore post. A grenade, thrown
by the enemy, fell burning dose to a Russian battery and a crowd
of soldkn working is the trenches. One of the brave fellows of
the above regiment tan up to it, endeavouriag to extinguish it with
1 earth. whilst another of his comrades stood pouring the whole
contents of his water canteen upon it. His presence of mind and
intrepidity were as successful u they deserved to be. They rule-
giddied the grenade. and thus prevented a very serious injury which
its bursting must hue occasioned. They have both obtained the
medals et honour of the Order of St. George.

From Odessa, of the 21 et July, they state that Gee.
Diebitach was marching on Aida, where he expects to
have his head-quarters by the 24th ; after which he will
proceed to Bourgas. Another column of his army has
taken the road to Eske Stamboul.
From Perpignan they write, that the Aid-de-Camp of
Co'unt &pawn had arrived there from Barcelona, and
confirms the account of the execution which took place at
Barcelona on the 30th July, when a number of
indiii-
duals were sbot'ia the citadel;

CITY. Twit! me o'CLoct.
Tut damp of the French Ministry it the ddat talpic of tee.
venetian hi the City Ws nterning. sad bashed Itat.littla erect
oat Ands. Cantab, whisk left aff Tweeds, at Sel fee die As.
meek greed at Se I, and soay be quoted at planet at sal ; the
:nom ter Money, with Mule dein at present.
• At preeent the Yard's mul.et Is very taacthe. and the pito
are nambal.

Berme Hall. Flue o'clock.
Wm:ay.—Few purchases have bees made duelng the week.
apt kr ezportation, sod am these Iwo hoes Wawa* baked
this has been chiefly ow* So dm lighprksademeded by holden,
sod Ms which they de amt at poem seem &peed to make as
iniument. The arrivals Baby the week are stated at 11l tisk,
awl >V mportsiss at frm lasts.
Rusm..Tho donna for this article continues limited to the
wants d war serweanstimers. The cantionaece of rainy w.a
has mid So anti tho prices. Oats, If pod quality. mikes
easy sale. flaw new Rapeseed made its appearance le the market,
and was elfishly bought up.
Dosing the last secs, days of July, 119 cargoes of Cern puled
the Sound ; forty were bound fee British ports, fifteen for Swam
sod ydieweglam ports, one for Handmargh, two for Leghorn, sod
the remsfaleg five desdnadon unkmwe.
Fume. On Fuel,.
Anglo Dill Lan Mt
&ogle Rosin Loan fin
Harmbergh
pluse Bandsdo.
Unwise Ask Shires
Austrian Motalikees
Yuma, JOLT sl.—Metsliirse„ Busk Shares, 1,13
CITY, H LF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
The Canal Market has somewhat improved since the early
port of the evening, whom Omsk were NI 1 for the Mama ;
at proem they may be quoted SS. I ; the NOM for mammy, with
Bide armistice pies forward.
In the Foreign Market that is little or Doublet defog.
COURir CIRCULAR.

The Duke of CUMBERLAND, ICCOMINLIMOd by his
son, Prince Goma. UR town about eight o'clock yesterday mom
in; in a earths@ and tour, and proceeded to the Royal Lodp lo
Windsor Park, when the mug Prince was preowned to his
irises Hods, on his arrival from the Centioent. Their Royal
Highnesses remained with his Margery tin past IS o'clock. mks
they took their departure, and returned to the Duke's residence in
the Hisig's Palace, St. James's. The Duchess et Onseeatano
received visits yesterday frees the Russian Agawam and Prin.
cess Limo the Princess Erannasr, and the Ruin 'dinner,•
who an et diem bad interviews with tMßoyalDetiota ease
of the Foreign Ministate ad their bibs sod may at the Ishis
lky and ebony, called yesterday to mho their bquirles akar the
health et the Maas and Prima Gooses.

After the return of the Duke of CUMBERLAND from
Windsor, his Royal Highness, accompanied by his Duchess, took
an airing in the Paths, and maw of the environs of the nsetrops-
Rs, in one of his Morenv's opal buosches.
The Earl of ABERDEEN came to town yesterday morn-
ing from Toobridge Wells. The Doke of Wmunowso she arrived
la town yesterday ; his Grace was visited at the Treasury, soon
after his arrival, by the Bari of Amman.
The French Charge d'Affaires had a long conference
yesterday afternoon with the Earl of Ausomo. at the Foreign
Mee.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
CHANGES.

Lord and Lady Manneri,fWlio;ii;rd, in Suffolk ; Baron Be-
low, for Soma ; the Hon. Edward Foley, for Stoke Edith Park,
sear Hereford; Sir John sat: Lady Remodels. from Hainfitre-
place, yesterday, for Yorkshire; Lady and Mies Trailer. from
Cumberbod-place, on a tour; the Duke of Grafton, for his sear,
Wakefield Lodge, Stoney Stratford ; the Duke of Menehaster, for
Cheltiakam; the Earl and Countess of Harrowby mid beak, for
their seat, Sand= Hall, fitaffardibire ; Zhao and Darker do
Coigney and mite, at the Burlington Hotel, from Chihuahua; the
Countess of Radnor sad family, at ditto, from the Coadavat ;
Gen. Sir Robert and Lady Macfarlane, from Cuesbedislidace,
on a tout ; Mr. Thos. Dellelleire fir Copgrove. In Yorhahlret Sir
%rap Duckett. Ban. for moo" ass Ware, in Hertfordshire ;
Sir Samuel Rudy's% Bart. for Fellaton, in Suffolk; Mr. John
Fuller, for Rose HIS, near Sugary ; Capt. Macassar', in Pall-
mall, from the Netherlands ; Chpt. Sibbald, in Park place, frosts
Minorca; Major Meredith, it Waterloo-place, from Cephaksia;
Mr. and Mrs. Musks& for Tenforidge Wells; Hos Mr. Stanley,
ea a tour; Sir John and Lady Maria Stanley, and the Misses
Stanley, for Adderley Park ; Colonel Starer. at the Burlington
Hotel, from a tour ; Lard Farnborough, from his seat, Bromley
Hill, Est; Mr. and Mrs. Ellis" at the Brunswick Hotel, Jer-
mya-street, from Edinburgh ; Wm. Bressawill, Imp at to Sc.
George's Hotel, Albreet, from Caliemit ; Sams; and
Lady G. H. Canada ,from their seat, lasibwaime,
Dowderwell, Bey. M.P. Mrs. Dowdeswel, and Wy, far their
seat, Poole Castle, Worcestershire ; the Hos and Roc. George
Bourke, from Symnsons's Hotel (late Jordan's) St. James's-street.
far Cottle* House, Wilts; With Moffatt. Zip. Mrs. Moffatt. and
family, from the Burliest= Hotel, for hoshompola ; the Hen.
and Bee. Mr. Howard. frost ditto, for Yorkshire; J. Hail, Req.
Mrs. Phipps, and family, from ditto, for Oxford; Sir J. Tredve.
Ban. from ditto. on a tour ; Sir Thomas Carmichael, Bart. from
ditto. for the North ; the Earl of Onalow from the St. George's
Hotel. for his seat, Condos near Guildford; Lord Crosby and
Lady Augusts Ooslow, from ditto. for Medea ; Sir J. and Lady
A. Beckett to the Ran of Lonedales seat, Lowther Casa*. in
Westmoreland ; the Countess of Mansfield and Lady C. Murray.
from Richmond. to Wansiord, Northamptonshire; H. Morton,
Ilaq. and Miss Laura Morton, from the Lisbon Hotel, Doeer-
rust, for the Continent.

MARRIAGE OF TILE KING OF SPAIN.---MADRID,
JULY 27.—An extraordinary Cannier bas just been dispatched to
Naples with the necessary powers for the celebration of the be-
worriment of the Princess Commie with his klarearr, who will
be represented by the Prince of &tram The preparation fir
the marriage are going actively forward. When N. Sammie, the
Chief of the Embassy, took leave of the Kam. his Maniere Add to
him—" Go quickly, and return quickly : let no consideration of
expense retard your journey : away instandy, and obviate al dif -
liatkies which may present themselves." Oa the occasisn of the
marriage Mere will be an amnesty, and several ether eseeseres
tending to reconcile all his 1111userv's subjects whose pealed
stems have driven to foreign lands. To-morrow the femoral ser-
vice for the repose of the mud of the late Queen Dent Mama
Jelling ANIMA will he celebrated le the Royal Calmat of Saint
Francis. The ceremony will he very magniacent.

Mr. HtTsatssow left town yesterday morning on a
visit to his continents at Livisea It is the intention of the
Right Hon. Gatineau. after a short stay at Liverpool t•
make a tour of the northern counties.

Dowager Viscoudtess HAIIIIPDZX entertained a distin-
gabbed pally to dinner yesterday, at her house la Greg-sine.
Gresvenor-square.
The Union Club-house, though erected within so short
a time. is already undergoing a thorough repair.
A Bull from -Rome arrived in town on Saturday, to his
Grace the Most Reverend Dr. Mammy, in favour eta mew .bibi-
lee.—Mensio.ar Regis".
The parishes of St. Giles and St. George, Bloomsbury,
have petitioned the Secretary of State to be placed under the New
Police; and which Is to be the ease front and after the Ist of
September.
There will be a Council and Recorder's Report at
Windsor Castle, on Monday, the 17th instant.
As a matter of course, it is now expected that the
friendship and alliance between this country and France.
will be firmer than ever.
Letters from Wallachia, of the 13th July, state, that
nothing is positively known in regard to the operations
of General Geismar, and the reserve of 40,000 men,
which was expected, had not arrived.
Seib Mahmoud, Commander of Silistria, has departed
for Russia with 800 prisoners.
Accounts from Semlin, of the 20th July; say, that
the news from Constantinople is not favourable ; ant
great fear is entertained that some commotion' will take
place in that capital. •
COPENHAGEN, JULY 28.—We expect here I &la-
si= fleet, bound to the Mediterranean, consisting of
sixteen sail—four of the line, five frigates, and seven
others of various sizes.

It is believed that Mr. MACQUEEN of Glasgow► the
great advocate of slavery and close systems, in their
most repulsive forms, has bees converted by the lectures
of Mr. BUCKINGHAM; and that he now thinks there
may be some slight benefit gained by the frei.trade and
reciprocity systems. Mr. MACQU&&N has. offered no
comment or contradiction to Mr. BucILINGHAIIef opinion
on this important lineation.
. .

THE ARMY.

.;~•

PiIEIIOIIIIIIIDOX. ~ • •
Aftresedaards. Aug. 1629.
sow/eras, upon bell-pan Wm may be &ikons of retiring. re-
etiving a commuted allowance for the ume. are requested to ad.
dreer4hemseives to the Military Secretary, to the General Com-
mending-kr-Chief, transmitting to him a certiScate from a medi-
cal officer of the present state of their health, and informing him
of their age, whether they are married and have children, and if
they are actually in the receipt of half pay at this moment.
A detachment belonging to the 3rd Regiment of Dragoon
Gouda embarked yesterday afternoon, on board a Canal-boar, ea
route to Coventry.
The 87th Regiment, er Irish Fudleers, one .1 the most
complete in the army (or strength and equipment, now occupies
de barracks in Regent-read. But it is better known as the 87th,
or Prince of Wales' Irish, and bears a name second to Deno in
the service for discipline and daring intrepidity in the field. It
has been made a Fusileer Regiment since its return, two years ago,
from India, after SI yeats service there.
LIMERICK, Aug. 8.
The 62d Regiment, now in this garrison, is one of the best ap-
pointed corps we have seen for some years.
The Company of the 6241 at Roserea, is to arrive bare on the
17th instant.
Two Companies of the Reserve of the 42d Regiment, occupy
the barracks of Glasgow, until the arrival of the 30th Regiment
from the Isle of Wight.
The Stitk Regiment are ordered from Newry to Bier. to replace
the i3d. ordered to embark at Cork for Gibraltar.
Captain SLID', of the Royal &gingen, has left Athlone, for his
command in North America.
Colonel &was, Artiller, is daily expected to arrive in England,
his period of command at Jamaica having expired.
Lientenant-Colonel COLBY, Royal Engineers, is specially super-
intending the Trigonometrical Survey of Ireland, now making by
the Ordnance Department.
The fourth and last division of the 4th, or the King's Own
Regiment, consisting of the Head Quarters. Band, and three
Companies, under the command eff Liestenant-Coionel Fume.
marched from Belfast on Friday, the 7th inst. for Newry, baying
arrived there the preceding evening, on board-the i?lngal steamer,
from Giugow.—This division, as well as theithreg preceding divi-
glans, was received by the 9th Regiment, quartered at present in
Belfast, in the tree Tint'or Braids soldiers, the Officers, Non-
commandeered Olken, and Band of the 9th haling provided for
the Officers, Nirb-cenimhsioned Officers, and Band of the 4th. at
their aspective messes, where they were liberally entertained ;
and the 4th Regiment left Belfast highly delighted with their
cordial reeeptioa. These two regiments served together in the
Parinsula, America, France, and lastly the West Indies, when the
9th relieved the 4th at Richmond-bill Renick., in the island of
Grande, in 1921, since which they have not met up to the present
time, when the meeting was highly gratifying to both corps, after
so long an interval of separation.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Mama Aswan Tau Dar—Dablia I—Waterford I—France 1.

Turns, Jinx 27.—8 y accounts from Amuse, the Perseve-
rance, Greek Strainer, has been sunk in the Port de Volo by an
Rognab man of war.
Dees. Am. 9.—Wind S.W. by W.—Arrived from London, the
Sir Boucher Wray, Vagg, for Lisbon ; Christopher, Knight, and
Clio, Wood, foe Quebec; Morley, Harrison, for New South
Wales; Abeona, Warren, for Cadiz ; Ada, Guthery, for &. An-
*to ; Nelms, Hutchinson, for Cadiz ; and Rmaricipata, for Que-
bec. Arrived the Marmlon, Wright. and William Harris, Terry,
from Qiiebec ; and Isabella, Parker, from Mauritius.
Cowes, Am. 9.—Arrived the Isabella. Hann, from Maurine.
Poinessoum, Am. o.—Wind W.—Sailed the Surrey, for New
South Weiss. Arrived his Majesty's ship Rainbow, from Trinco-
malee--sailed SOth April.
PLIIIIOIIIII, Am. 9.—Wind W.—Arrived the Jams Lion, Tur-
ner, from Amsterdam.
Simeon(, Am. 7.—Wind N. N. W.—Sailed the Stamm
packet, for iilsbon ; libeldrake packet, for the Mediterranean;
Adpols, Major, for the Coast of Africa; and William, Meidrar,
for Massa.
Aso. 11.—Wind S.W.—Sailed the Spey pocket, foe Harm and
Bennwla.
Lon. o. Wind W.& W.

Toasay, AVG. 11.—Off the port, the Pole Tender, from
Madeira.
Lamm., Ac.. s—Arrived the Crown, (intros, from
Sierra Leone ; Sank Burns, from Trinidad ; Beguier, Bond,
from Serum; guvaDes, —; Eagle, Foster ; AMay ems; and
Qabds, Len/64km Quechee ; Sitannee,Ward, keen Illinsilchl ;
and Lalla Ikokb, from Alexandria. Cl no pet, the
Nottingham, from Jamaica ; Lady Gordon, from ; and
Tinley, from Nova Scotia.
Ace. 9.—Arrived the Paragon, &lade, from Jamaica ; Banks.
Howe, from Trkste; Simon, from Ceplisionia; Brows,
Bane:, from Palermo; and Hogarth. Bury, from Charleston.—
Arrived at the Cape of Good Hope the Edward, Lambe, Freeman,
from Bombay. Off port, the from Bombay.
ANNADIMI, Ava. 6.—The Grace, Hutchinson, from Seaderland
to Naedeff, was totally lost, with the crew, near Reeehurri. dur-
ing the gale on Monday night. The Endeavour, of South Shields,
foundered with all on Tuesday, off Nairn. The Success, of Scar-
borough, bound to Louis, was totally wrecked on Tuesday, near
the Bun of Beyndie, crew saved. The Active, iff Conon, of
Leith, hosed to Port Gordon, and the Catharine, Roxburgh, of
and from Inverleitittng, were driven on shore near the same place
as the Success--crew saved.

MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—The grand wedding of
the Hon. Mies FAIEDISWA LAW with the Hon. Capt. H. Salu-
tes, took place on Saturday, at the splendid mansion of Lady
moomotow, Cambridge-house. The ceremony was performed by

tke Rev. Mr. Rotas: Covers were laid for one hundred. The
plate and dessert service were magnificent. The refreshments con-
sisted of every thing in season. The Ladies' dresses were superb,
displaying, for the most part, a profusion of diamonds. Inane&
ately after dinner quadrilles commenced in the drawing-rooms to
Weippart's inspiring strains on the harp, and were kept up with
great spirit. The bride and bridegroom left tows at four o'clock
for Sunaingbill. Amongst the company we noticed—The Duke
of Somerset, Lady St. Maur, Lady Atuberst, Hoe. M. Hope,
Lord and ady Fitzroy Somerset, rs
Marchioness Dowager of Hert-
ford, Rad of Chestetfield. Duchess of Richmond, Lord Castle-
reagh, Hon. Mrs. Dyneley, Count Moltke, Mr. Fitzclarence,
Count Rederne, Miss M. Mitchell, Sir Edward and Lady Cod-
rington, Mr. and the Misses Cartesian, Lady K. and the Misses
Stuart, Lady C. and the Misses Barham Lady and Miss C. Wel-
degrave, the Misses Godfrey, Lady Radstock, Countess of Glea-
son, Lakes Butler, Mr. Fans, Lady A. Beckett, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Laws, Mr. and Mrs. H. Laws, Nice. Mrs. &nine, the Misses
Blackwell, &c.
A silly hoax was played off in Dublin last week, on a
Colonel who is connoed in one of the prisons for debt.
Fictitious letters and orders having been sent In his name, be was
beset by pastry-cools, boot-makers, pawnbrokers, and others, and
by Protestant and Catholic Clergymen, to congratulate him on his
conversion, or to prepare him for eternity.
One of the gentlemen who went by Mr. GuarszT'a
steam coach to Bath has drawn up a report of the journey, in which
be states that the steamer is unattended with danger er income-
nieoce, and that the regular rate of going is about tea nines as
hole. When burning coke no smoke was visible, and nese of the
horses on the road started at meeting the steamer. The express
of see hundred miles, exclusive of the engineer's wages, is may
sixteen shillings and eightpenee.
The newspapers have lately teemed with stories of dis-
affection and insurrection in Ireland ; to balance which. in emill
degree, we beg to revive a characteristic anecdote of Hibernian
loyalty :—" A true-hearted son of the sod, who had, by pushing
hard. obtained the distinction of shaking hands with the King es
hie el* to Ireland, in a moment of elevation, held up his honoured
asetwas, Luk there ! that is the very right, hand width
the King, Goa bless him, shut ; and, by my soul, it is as dos
there as ever, for I have never washed it since!”—Lit. Condit.
Friday Lord Viscount MARSH Am, son of the Earl of
Ramer, attained his majority. The hells of Maidstone Cher*
rang merrily daring the day in honour of the occasion.
REYNOLDS, the dramatist, has stated that, during his
theatrical career, he admitted grads into Covent-garden theatre
above 34000 person, who evidently considered the
=more as a right than a favour, and that the only totem ed
gratitude he ever received was from a pastry-cook's hop,
who, for a doable gallery admission, presented him with a r...
berry pelf and a little pigeon pie.
Many definitions of the term " Yankee" have .beet
given is some parts of America. The fallowing account el
origin is correct :—One Jonathan Hastings, a settler s& Cewheiflor.
North America, about the year 1713, used to uproot it
for instance—" a Yankee good bane," sr is Talkie elder," moat
an excellent horse, or excelleat cider. The stadiums of a aelsi.;
boating college were accustomed to hire hones of .losathem Their
tretains with him, ind his nse of the word seal eatedens. lid
adept it, and they goee him the Imo of •• Taoism Jeastbart."
was dispersed by the Collegiate throughout New Ihmlood,
etat-
tli it became a settled term of *rind' to all New ihriNwerfoo
awLerwassally to all North Ainetiero, •:••

..
