Unite.' Mexican
Ditto New

The French Papers confirm the previous accounts of
the great naval victory gained by Mutate, in the Gulf
of Lepanto, and also publish details of the capture of
Tripolizza by CoLocoraost, which leave no doubt of
its reality. In the night of Dec. 27 that Commander,
reinforced by four companies of disciplined troops,
taken from the regiment of Colonel FAIVIER, having
blown up one of the gates of Trip°liiza, rushed into
it at the head of 7,000 Greeks. The combat was obsti-
nate. The Egyptians and the negroes of Darfour, being
driven into the Castle, which is situated on an eminence,
were burnt alive there by COLOCOTRONI'S order, by way
of reprisal fur the churches they have burnt, the monks
and priests whom they have martyred, and the women
and children whom they have dragged into slavery.
Thirty-six foreign officers who escaped from the
flames have been spared for the present to be carried
about from village to village, and exhibited as infamous
apostates, who, forgetting their names as Christians,
had enlisted into the service of the Turks, in all whose
crimes they have participated; it is said that such
of those as shall sur vire this species of expiation, will
be thrown aboard the first vessel that will take charge
of them, to be carried back to Christendom.

The important debate on the Currency was re.
sumed last night in the House of Commons, and dis.
cussed with a degree of Went and candour, which,
while it did honour:to the parties, left no view of the
question untouched. The original resolution of the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, it will be seen,
was carried by a majority of 193, the numbers
being for the resolution 232, and only 39 against it.—
For the present we can only re:er to the debate, pa.ti•
cularly the speeches of Mr. Secretary CANNING and Mr.
Secretary net., in which sound arguments, and a
knowledge of detail, are blended with eloquence. To.
morrow we shall offer some observatims on the irn.
portant question to which they :elate. -
