And in the several Counties in

York

North Britain.

That the DeVomits are to commence on and for the Twenty-
fifth day of April next ; that Proposals in Writing, sealed up,
and marked u Tender for Army Supplies," will be received at this
Once, on or before Winausear, the Twenty-ainth day of March
next, but none will be received after Twelve o'Qock on that day.
Proposals must be made separately for each County and Island,
except for the Counties comprising North and South Wales, all of
which must be included in one Tender ; likewise the Islands of
Alderney, Guernsey, and Jersey; u also the several Counties
in North Britain ; and each Proposal must have the Letter
which is annexed to the Tender properly filled up, by two
Persons of known Property, engaging to become bound with the
tarty tendering in the Amount stated in the printed Particulars, for
the due Performance of the Contract; and no Proposal will be
noticed unless made on a printed Tender, and the Prices expressed
it: Words• at Length; and should it so happen, that during the
entiuusnee of tine Contract no Troops should be supplied by
virtue of the same, the amount of the Stamps on the Contract
and Bond, paid In the first instance by the Contractor, will be
refunded to him.

Particulars of the Contracts may be had upon application at
this Mee, between the Hours of Ten and Four ; and of the Par-
rack-Masters In the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man; and
ac several Alterations have been made in the printed Particulars
•airh Alterations •are printed in Italic, it is requested that Persons
making Tenders will carefully attend to the same ; and that Persons
tendering for the supply of Oats, will notice the 'alteration in the

Kt. Samples of the Bread and Meal may be seen at this Mee
the boors of Twelve and Two.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAIICH 7.
The Duke of ATIIOL presented a Petition from the Inhabit.
ants, Manufacturers, Linen and Calico Bleachers, and others, bf
the City ef Perth, against any alteration in the Barging System in •
Scotland. SLAVERY.
The Earl of MOUNT EDO CO el BE presented Petition; from
The Earl of GLASGOW presented a Petition to the same effect Beetalston and its vicinity, in tke county of Devon, and from Pen-
from the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the
County of Ayr.—Laid on the table. ryes, Westlots. and Itedruth, for the Abolition of Slavery ; Earl
GROSVIOIt, from Mecham, in Wilts, to the same effect ; the Duke
Earl GROSVENOR, on the part of the Lord Lieutenant of N
of Geouczetaa from King Edward's and some other parish in
the County of Suffolk (Duke of Grafton), presented Petitions
the county of Aberdeen, on the same effect.
agziust any alteration in the Corn Laws, from the Landowners and
Occupiers of the Hundred of Risbridge in the County of Suffolk ; The Bishop of LITCHFIELD and COVENTRY presented a
and from Cosworth, in the same Count
similar Petition from the Noblemen, Gentry, and Clergy of the
y.—Laid on the e table.
Earl GROSVENOIt presented a Petition from the Inhabitants County of Stafford. He thought that necessary compulsion should be
resorted to, but not without compensation ; the Bishop of Beta and
of the Parishes of St. Margaret's and-St. John's, Westminster, Wxces to the same effect, from Card, in the county of Somerset;
against Bear-baiting and ether cruel sports. His Lordship observed, the Bishop of CHESTER, similar from the city of Chester, and the
that great credit was due to the humanity of an Hen. Gentleman town of Saffron Walden ; The Earl of Suerresauev, Lord Cet.-
elsewhere, who, although he was in sonic points mistaken,war
justly entitled to praise for his perseverance and exertions upon this rnoar. and another Noble Lord, whose name we could not learn,
presented Petitions to the same effect.
subjece—Laid on the table.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a Petition from the Merchants, The Marquis of LANSDOWNE had several Petitions on the
sante subject, but would not anticipate theoubject of debate by
Brokers, and others, of Liverpool, praying the repeal of the Usury any Aleservations. He then presented Petitions from Trowbridge.
Laws. With respect to the argument in support of the proposition in Wiltshire, from Bridport, in Dorsetshire, and from Tunbridge
for their repeal he should remain silent, as he conceived those of and Beeralston.—Laid on the table.
the Petitioners most convincing. In moving that the Petition be
read, he should only say that this appeared a time most fitting for Lord DUDLEY and WARD bad a Petition to present from
the Agents of certain of the West India Islands. They entertained
the removal of those restrictions ; he, however, hoped that if re-
pealed, that measeres would be only prospective, so as not isen- fears that negro emancipation would be unaccompanied with com-
pensation to the owners of such property. If it were so they
danger Or upset any arrangemen ts which were now in existence.
should submit, but could not help thinking that such a measure
The Earl of LIMERICK differed very much from the Noble
woeld be a gross and palpable injustice. Whatever- might have
Earl as to this being a proper time for the effecting of such a men- been the original foundation of that property, it was obe•guaranteed
sure asi that contemplated by the Petitioners. 'I here was no time by the Legislature, and recognised during ten reigns and forty
more inapt, no time when such a measure was more likely to be Parliaments. No*, however, a new view seemed to have beet
ruinous Co the landed interest. He deprecated it as injurious both taken—viz. to make the Colonists pay the penalty for a crime4lsl
to the lauded and commercial interest, who seemed to be opposed which the country has equally participated.—The Petition was then
to each other, although their interests were in reality the same. read and laid on the table.
The Petition was then read and laid on the table.
COLONIAL 'LAMM.
Mr. SIVART WORTIAT, and other Members,_ brought up several
Private Bins. The Order of the day for agreeing to the Resolution, rased_ _ .I.by
Ml. fitsecuasou, from the Bank of Ragland, preseeted•Accounts the Commons in "23 having been roads as well as the .Miaallsal
tot tbe Market Price of Gold, and of the Rates of Esehanges opera "'s themselves,
rftsualsorsh, Lisbon, and Paris, foe the month of Pebruary, 1806. Earl BATHURST said, that he shoislil trouble the
Mr. Teaulies, (roan the Treasury, presented an Account of the House with but few observations ; for in point of fact,
Addr6ort to tke Annual Cherie of the Public Debt and Expenditure the Resolutions, in which
The Earl of KINGSTON presented a Petition front the In- he should call upon their
habitants of the County of Cork, north of Blackwater, complain-
Lordships to concur, had already been in some meg-
ing of the conduct of the Excise department, in stoppieg the nevi- sure before them. Two yeari ago he had has the
O
gation of the riversalackwater and Bride, whereby theTeritioners
honour Co present them with anrdee in Council for
were deprived of the natural advaptages of the country ; and a ift
chief accessary of life—coats—was greatly enhanced in value, from ...w.rving the condition of slaves in the West Indies. He
o -
had then stated that order to be founded on the present
the obstruction of water earriage.—Read and laid on the table.
The Earl of KINGSTON then moved fora return of the info,- Resolutions which he had read from a copy similar to
oration against Murphy and Coogan, who were implicated in the that now handed by the other House. He had had the
charge for the murder of the Prank's family in 1823.
satisfaction not to hear any objection whatever, and
'
The Earlof LIVERPOOL had no objection to the motion, but what ha iheen done had been done with complete uni-
would say, that such motion was unusual without assigning same
reason to the House, for ordering them.
nimity. This unanimity had inspired Fon with aug-
The Earl of KINGSTON said, that though he did move for mented confidence, whilst sending the Order in Council
them, he believed no such information were iii existence. The• to the West Indies, and called the attention of the
fact was, these two men were taken tip on suspicion, and impri-
- to Theis Lordships, however,
soned for five months in a military guard-house, by the peace pre- Colonial Assembliesit.
serration officer. The result was, that they acre discharged with- must be aware that two or three appeals had been
out explanation, but so hatrassed were they, that one went to Ante- made to the Legislature of the Colonies without the
rica, and the other lost his arm and was beggared. ' wished-for success ; for with the exception of Trinidad,
ESTABLISHED CHURCH IN IRELAND. St: Vincent's, and Dominica, none of the islands had
The Earl of KINGSTON presented a Petition fro
the Protestatt Inhabitants of the Parish of Kilbenning, two important
711 carried its recommendations into effect. In the former,
in the County of Limerick, and Archb• h I k fis opr c 0 euictments had been -passed: the one
laying on the person who claimed a slave, the onus pro-
Cashel, praying -that a Church should be erected in
they ' had bandit that he really was his slave, and the other placing
thejr parish. The Petitioners stated, that
the slave on the trial prechely on the same footing as
applied to the Archbishop of Cashel, to require from
the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, a sum f or that the white. With respect to Jam tics, two measures had
also been adopted by the Legislature of that island : he
purpose, but their application had not been complied
with.
the for protecting slaves from arrest whilst going to market
They complained, that they belonged to
' '-
onSaturday s and the other to realize the request made by
Established Church in Ireland, bet that they knew
or to slaves. lie was sorry to say, that another far more
of its existence in their parish only by the visits of
important, t
to admit the evidence of slaves, had been re-
the Tithe Proctor, who never failed CO remind themecied in 1824, by an overpowering majority. It had been
of it; that several of their number, sooner than not have any reli-
gion at all, were obliged to attend Roman Catholic places of for.
re-introduced the
fallowing year,however,under more fa.
ship, and receive the Sacrament after their manner. That, while vonrable auspices, having been referred to a Committee,
they daily saw the Catholic Priests performing the most laborious who reported that it was necessary to pass such a Bill,
duties, the Petitioners had neither Clergyman to attend, nor a house as in
of worship to go into, and claimed that, as they paid and recognised mat • consequence of the want of it, great cruelties com-
the right to tithes, they should also have a return for the sums thus milled by masters, had remained unpunished. This
from them. Bill had been rejected by a majority of 2$ to 13 ; but
The Bishop of FERNS said, that the Petitioners there was every reason to believe, that most persons of
seemed to be under a mistake, both as to the power of the highest consideratien in the Colony were favourable
the Archbishop of Cashel and those of the Board of to the measure. The present Assembly would now be
dissolved, and another First Fruits. From the state of the country for the last called together ; and hopes
three years, the funds of the Board of First Fruits bad might be entertained, that on a third attempt the Bill
not exceeded, in the last year, the sum of 2,00 W. There might prove more successful. Another measure to which
were no money at their disposal upon the application of he attached great importance, was that by which
the Archbishop, and he was therefore fully excused Bishops had been established at Jamaica and in the'
I
from any neglect. Title' e had been a similar applies- Leeward slands: In the former, many laws which
tion from a parish in his (the Bishop of Ferns) diocese, would have interfered with the Bishops' authority, had
in which there were five hundred Protestants, which the been abrogated ; the stipend paid to tam ,rs bad been
Board of First Fruits were compelled-to refuse from the increased, and made independent of
Vestries, to which they were • the decisions of
Parishes had also been enabled to raise within them-
previously *ant of the means of complying with it, and of course
selves funds for building or enl •
submitted.—
the erection of a church was postponed. There had
whilst many individuals subscribed large sums for that
enlarging Churches ; -and
been such a destruction of churches in Ireland, in the
ose, others maintained ministers at their own ex-
very unsettled times which had occurred from 1515
to the Resonation, indeed up to the year 1790, that purl)
the sums at the disposal of the Board of First pease, to instruct their slaves in religious matters.—
Fruicri, for their restoration, and for the purchase With respect to Barbadoes, no sooner had the Bishop
of glebes, could not possibly be sufficient. His arrived, than he visited all the Leeward Islands, and
Lordship then referred to the accounts of a legal received from all their Assemblies every encourage-
ment to cart y into effect the system
visitation held (we believe) in 1685, when in one diocese which he had form-
ed to give religious instructions to the slaves. In nine
there were twenty chutches reported to be standing,
and in 1715, there was only one. Mr. Wakefield, in parishes, containing 317 plantations, ISO of these were"
his Statistical Survey, i book much quoted, stated that under the religious instructions of Ministers of the
there were four hundred benefices in Ireland which had Church of England, or of teachers acting under the
-
n glebe; and the fact really was, that there were Bishops' authority. Whilst there was such a general
fourteen hundred parishes in Ireland which had no glebe. It was disposition to instruct slaves in religious ma tens, he had
true, that formerly every parish in Ireland had a glebe; but frost wen, with deep regret, petitions circulated and pre.
the disturbed st*e of that country for a long period, during the
wars. the church property was not regarded, the boendarim Were to that House, in which it was stated that slave; y
rented
was forbidden
by, and incompatible with the Ceristiat.
*defaced, and the only evidences left were the entries hi the King's
books. It however happened that those entries were not evidence Religion. He was not prepared to agtee in that obi.

ment, it did not proceed from the tone in whicir the
measures had been tecommended to them by the Noble
Secretary. The point which he meant to press upon
the House, however, was this; whether, considering
what was the system of slavery proved to 'exist, by the
confession and language of the Members of the Colonial
Assemblies themselves, and considering also the geheral
feelings of the country and of Parliament,•
it became
the dignity of the House to adopt so cold,, mode of •
expressing its sense of the obligation under which it
,lay, to put an end to that system, as merely to declare
that it was expedient to do so ? Another resolution, •
he understood, had been proposed in the other House,
which had been superseded, hut which went to declare
that slavery was repugnant to the British Constitution
and to the Christian religion. He agreed with the Noble
Earl opposite, that it was not so repugnant as to be
entirely forbidden; but be contended that if the whole
of the rej.-cted resolution were read, it would be seen
that those who thougat slavery incompatible with the
Christian Religion, were not on that account disposed
to rush to its abolition, without taking into consider-
ation circumstances, or individual rights. On the con.
Crary, it w0u1..1 be found that the resolution to which
le alluded concluded by tecommending the abolition
of slavery with as much expedition only " as might
be found consistent with a doe regard to the interests
of all panics." That House ought to declare that it
was called upon to put an end to slavery by a more
awful obligation than expediency. By doing se, it
would approach nearer to the sentiments of the people.
He contended that the Dignitaries of the Church,
whom he now saw before him, and who had presented
Petitions, and concurred in their prayer, could not
agree to the pre ent resolutions is they stood. At the
same time he admitted, that instead of immediate
abolition, which no one could er did advocate, it was
more conformable with precedence, reason, and hu-
manity, to have a general preparation'to fit the Negroes
for the enjoyment of liberty. He feared that the lan-
guage used in the other House had been instrumental in
preventing the Colonial Assemblies from carrying into effect the
recommendations of the Government, as it gave them the most
ready excuse for their resistance. Being unwilling to disturb the
unanimity of Parliament, he scarcely knew how to propose any
alteration of the language of the resolutions. He was convinced it
did not embody the who!e 'feeling of the other House, and their
Lordships would not consult their own feeling and dignity if they
recognised expediency as the principle on which they ought to act.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH complained of the tardi-
ness of the other House in only sending to their Lord-
ships, at this period, Resolutions which they had passed
neatly three years ago. The great. question was, in
What manner it would be possible most early and ra-
pidly w diminish the mass of human misery? He
doubted whether the course now proposed would not
tend to aggravate rather than to relieve that misery.
He did not see his way clearly, any more than the Nt ble
Earl who intended to propose the Bills, and be would
riot go on blindly. The Noble Earl said that the Co-
lonies had made a large proSision for the Clergy and
he instruction of slaves ; but in this they had only con-
sulted their own interests, for by making the negroes
better Christians they made them better slaves. The
planters might also know the state of parties at home,
and conceive that by cr,nceding a little to Government
they would be borne harmless through the rest. The
Noble Lord then contended that it was absutd to pro.
pose now the same thing which had failed to produce
o. Suppose the Noble Setre-
any effect three years ag
tory saw a man beating his horse, and should tell the
Noble Earl by his side, "three years ago I saw this
same individual ill-use his horse, and I told him it was
expedient to take measures to prevent his doing so. I
*Ave reason to believe that he has continued his il!oreat:
lama; go and repeat to him what 1 told him then." Ti,e
Nose Lad would ask : " What effect had it ?" " Oh, he
laughed atme,abirsed ine,and went on flogging his horse."
Then, the Noble Earl would assuredly say : " I won't
do so foolish a thing as you bid nit. II you are disposed
