REPORT TO THE EMPEROR.

Sfrce—On the 21st December a special law re-
cughized as debts of the State, the debts contracted
:n foreign countries, by the Log and by the Princes

ut his house, for which the rug deflated himself
personally responsible: this resolution was taken
without opposition, without debates, without reserve,
and with all that frankness which flows from the
noble French character.

" In consequence a commission was entrusted
with the verification of the titles produced by the va-
riots: claimants, and began its labours : the 20th of
March of course terminated them. The seals were
put upon the papers which had been already col-
lected : I have removed them in concert with your
Minister of Finance.

66 It was natural to think, Sire, that resources
granted with so much loyalty, would have been ex-
pended with delicacy, and that the national munifi-
cence would Live been expended only in paying for
honourable ices, in keeping account of the assist-
ance grantej io misfortunes and in indemnifying
losses insiparable from long political crises.
6. A hasty glance at the papers presents the fol-
lowing result : in the first place there is a voluminous
register, drawn up at the earliest periods of emigra-
tion, and which is in some measure the archives of
emigration. When laid before the Commissioners
by Count Blacas, this register was consulted on every
claim b.ing made : it illustrated the object and the
merits of the claimants, and directed the reporters in

their propositions.
" The following are, with few exceptions, the kind
of claims which were produced :
" Claims relative to the assembling and canton-
ments of the Army—expenses of the first and second
divisions of the army—coalition of the Provinces—
milittry household of the King and of the Princes
—infantry, dragoons, and chasseurs—administration
of stores, provisions, and carriages—chapel (religious
officers) of the grand head-quarters—expenses of tra-
velling and particular agency, &c.
46 Many of these items had been prudently paid,
and there remained to pay something less than 30
But 30 millions would never have been
sufficient to satisfy the claims which were not entered
upon the register, and which were every day multi-
plied and received in preference to the former.
64 Of this description was the claims of one Borel,
who organized an armed force in the Gavaudan ; he
was a Qnarter-Master-General in the Breton Assn•
ciation : there was a Prince of Huhenloe, a Duchess
Pic, of Bavaria, one Braschi, of Cayla, who claimed
the expence of raising regiments in the service of the
Princes."

After eaumerating a variety of other claims, his
Highness of Otranto gravely assures his readers that
all the above sums were expended in the dissemina-
tion of libels, in organizing disorder, robbery, and
assassination." 44 Thus," he concludes, the trea-
sures of the nation have been employed, at the same
tin:;', in payment of the most disgraceful services and
in liquidation of the expenses of a war made against
the French nation. (Signed)
" Paris, April 12, 1815." DUC of OntANTO.
CIRCULAR OF THE MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR

TO THE PREFEC FS.

" Pmus,ArkiL 12.

" Sin—The Decree of the 28th of March last
recalls .ill boldiers who have quitted the army for any
cause whatever.

The country expects new efforts from the brave
men who have already fought for its glory, and who
cannot remain dcaf to the voice of honour. The Em-
pet or does not doubt that they will eagerly answer
the call, and that you will second with all your energy
the'exccution of his orders.

[The rest of the Circular is uninteresting—it merely
urges the Prefect to collect the soldiery and make
them join their Regiments.] (Signed)
" CA RNOT."

Another Circular from Fonche, the Minister of
Police, to the Lieutenants General of Police, urges
the same topics; He then goes ou : •
44 We are at Peace : the Emperor has solemnly
proclaimed his intention to maintain the Treaty of
Park : what then can be the object of those hostile
operations beyond our frontiers ? When we wish to
take no part in the internal arrangements of neigh-
bouring States, why should they take pan in ours ?
Is it by menaces, by arms, and by masters of their
choice, that they wish to subjugate France ?
44 And what Kings, what nations can see, without
alarm, a violation so unheard of, the independence
and principles which form the security of all nations
and of all Governments ? What people, if they are
not debased by long slavery, would consent to re-
ceive a Monarch from the hands of foreigners?
4‘ It is not a century since Princes, recalled to the
throne by a handful of factious men, were again
driven from it by the voice of the people. Our
fathers have seen the Stuarts fatiguing the charity of
all the Courts in Europe, and basely begging their
assistance. They have seen England brave the me-
naces and the arms of the Continent, escape by this
last act of courage from civil war, from the daggers
of a hypocritical tyranny, and terminate a revolution
which had, like ours, its aberrations from morality,
and stood in need of a new dynasty I
64 Is France to be more unfortunate than ever ?
Is she reserved for a humiliation of which we find no
example in history ? Will she cowardly permit others
to dictate laws to her, when she has the right and the
power to reject every kind of slavery ?—when 900,000
warriors, who have been tried in numerous battles,
and two millions of citizens are ready to march at
the call of the country ?—No ! the throne to which
the votes of four millions of men have called the

Emperor—Ws throne, secured by so many treaties*
illustrated by so many sacrifices, can never become
the prey of a conqueror !
(Signed) " The Duke of OTRANTO.

" Paris, April 13."
THE MINISTER OV WAR TO THE MILITARY, RECALLED
3O THEM oTANDARDS DY TIIE DECREE OF THE 25TH

tIARCII.

66 You earnestly wished for your Emperor. He
is arrived. Yuu have supported him with all your
efforts. Rally with all possihk dispatch around your
standards, that you may be ready to defend your
country against enemies who are desirous of regu-
lating our national colours, of imposing Sovereigns'
upon us, and of dictating Constitutions. Under these
circumstances, it is the duty of every Frenchman,
already accustomed to war, to join the Imperial stan-
dard. Let us present a frontier of brass to our eae-1
mks, and prove to them that we arc al‘c., ys the same.
" Soldiers!—Whether you h.tve obtained unlimited
or limited furloughs; whether you have received
your discharge, if your wounds are healed and you
are in a state fit to serve, come and join the army !
Honour, your country, your Emperor, invite you!
6, With whit reproaches would you not have cause
to overwhelm me, were your fine country again to be
ravaged by those soldiers whom you so often van-
quished, and were the foreigner to invade and obli-
terate France from the map of Europe.
(Signed) 66 The Prince of ECKMVIIL."

The rest of the Moniteur of Saturday (consisting
of eight columns) is filled with documents found in
the writing desks of Abbe Montesquion and Count
Blacas, the late French Ministers. They are mere
drafts of public acts, and notes for preparing others.
The last of these papers is perhaps the most cu-
rious-.it seems to be the written instructions of a
M. Dayot, who was entrusted by Prince Talleyrand
to convey his sentiments privately to Louis XVIII.
previous to the departure of the latter from London
last year. It is diced Dover, 24th April, 1314, at
which place M. Dayot seems to have put his instruc-
tions in writing. This curious document begins thus:
44M. de Talleyrand was busily occupied with some-
thing for the King—l proposed to him to wait 24
hours, to bring it with me, but the fears of the un-
expected arrival of the King determined him to send
me off immediately with a summary of whit he pro-
poses.

" In the event of the landing of his Majesty before
the document thus announced is ready, M. de Talley-
rand thinks it indispensibly necessary that his Ma-
jesty should make known on landing, that he accepts
the Constitution, but that this Constilution appears
to him suceptible of modifications in several points,
and he will discuss them in the Senate.

ga M. de 'i'alleyran3 has already prepared the Se-
nate to see the Constitution undergo some changes,
by the following words, full of address, which their
vanity caught hold of Gentlemen, you will find
in the King a nr.►n of superior mind and distinguished
talents—you may expect to hear him diicuss the arti.
cies of the Constitution, and you may prepare to have
the honour of entering the lists with him." This insi-
nuation had the best effect.

" In the same letters patent the King will do well
to fix a day for taking the oath of fidelity. This ar-
ticle is of the first importance, as it will quiet all
fluctuating ideas, and bind the soldivry who have
been isolated from the Chiefs who have sent in their
adhesion.

44 M. de Talleyrand regards it as very essential
that the King should not grant nor promise the
smallest power to the Marshals, buthis Majesty will
satisfy them by flattering their vanity.
66 The whole of the population of France are ani-
mated with the same zeal, devotion, and love, for
the person of the King, and all the members of the
Royal Family. These sentiments even go the length
of madness ; and such is the general indignation
which certain articles of the Constitution has excited,
that several times the people have cried under the'
windows of Monsieur, Vire Louis XVIII. I a bar le
Senaie I—Long live Louis XVIII. ! down with the
Senate

64 This outrageous zeal is imprudent at present.
If the people manifest an enthusiasm truly French,
the army testifies a very bad spirit. The troops of
the line are good, however ; and in the Imperial
Guards the discontents are confined to the old bands.
The young guard is either detached, or very near
being so.
66 M. Talleyrand tlihiks that the Count D'Artois,
whose manners are full of glace, should go into the
provinces to collect the wishes of the people, and to
lay them at the foot of the Throne. The Duke of
Bourbon will traverse other parts'of France, with the
same view.

IS As to the Dukes of Angouleme and Berry, it is
desirable that there should be formed for them two
camps in France, where they should remain for a
long time to gain the affections of the solditry, and
to accustom them to place all their hopes ia these
Piinces, and to look up to them alone for their
welfare.

" It is thought necessary that there should be near
the person of the King some one who is perfectly
well acquainted with the country, and who is also a
man of talent ; and, in this respect, M. De RemuzAt,
whose conduct has been always good.
" M. Talleyrand places his whole happiness in de-
voting his life to the service of the King ; and de.
muds nothing for himself. He thinks himself qua-

lified, however, for the foreign relations, and claims
that department, which is very difficult to manage,
and requires a man habituated and accustomed to
treat with all the cabinets of Europe.
M. Talleyrand supplicates the King to grant to
NI. De Perri gord the rank of first Aid-Je-Canip to
his per.on ; an.l, to NIA 4nre Eiiround l'err;)!nrd the
rank of Lady of the Palace, of which Ira conduct and
her piety render her worthy.
M. Talleyrand alsu recommends to the King the
said Edmund Perrigord the fi: st nomin vion of I)nkes
and Peers. (SL,ned) a DA Or."
