HABIPSHIRg. AND WILTSHIRE.

The multitudes who assembled in the streets of Andover on Friday,
continued together in a formidable attitude until dusk, when they began
to separate. When the greater part of them had retired from the scene
of action, 30 or 40 special constables rushed upon those who remained,
used their staves with considerable efibet, and took into custody one of
ringleaders. The rest left the town grumbling and swearing to be
revenged. Soon afterwards the rick-yard and barns of a farm of Sir
Henry Wilson at Barton, about live miles from Andover, were set
fire to, and burnt to the ground. In the night an application was,
It was understood, made for the fire-engine at Andover, but those
who had aerie of it refused to let it be taken from the town, as
Barton was not within the parish of Andover, and there were apprehen-
sions entertained that the engine mitt be required at home. On the
road from Andover to Wallop, a distance of seven miles, *neither man
nor beast was to be seen
111 work in the field. The whole agricultural
population, fauns: sod were assembled in a large field at
Wallop. The labourers had been the habit of receiving only eight
abiilinp a weak. The farmers propoied to raise the wages to ten shit-
hags, provided they would render assistance Y'ding the rents, tithes,
and taxes lowered. To this proposition the > agreed, end the
farmers, eight or nine in number, proceeded NI the house of J. Blunt
Esq. the proprietor of the great tithes, and deem a reduction of the
moat of the present year's tithes. Mr. B. who is very ill, replied, that
be would reduce his tithes in proportion to the increased rate d
which the farmers intended to pay to the laborers; but this 000ewesdaa
did not satisfy the Comm They declared that the dike was too indefi-
nite, and they demsdid that Mr. Blain should reduce the rent one
third. To this phaphltiss, disproportionate as it was to the increase
of the'wegss of the blenrees, M• Blunt hesitated to assent; upell
which the farmers mid the labourers were waiting to receive his answer
before they could think of returning to their work. Mr. Blunt perceiv-
ing bow desperate the case was, then replied, that although be consi-
dered it a robbery, yet, under the circumstances, he must submit, and
be complied with the demand. The men all returned to their work
Immediately.
The inhabitants of Salisbury are in a wretched state of alarm and
excitement. In the neighbouring villages all the threshing machines
are either destroyed or about to be taken down by the farmers. Every.
where the labourers are striking, and demanding an increase of wages.—
The labourers,on being questioned by Mr. Hunt on Saturday, said, " We
don't want to do any mischief, but we want that the poor children, when
they go to bed, should haves bellyful of 'gators, instead of crying with
half a bellyfuL"
T letters have been sent to great numbers of the farmers in
the neighbourhood, and some fires have ensued. Saturday, our Corres-
pondent was credibly informed, that many of the neighboring farmers
came into Salisbury to insure their property, which had been threatened,
and wets of the Fire-office, prudently refused to take the insurances.
One farmer, with tears trickling down his cheeks, complained of the re-
fusal, and said he was sure his property would be burnt, and his rain
would be the sonsequence. Some of the gentry at Salisbury are under
cap
prehensions that Mr. Hunt about to the dandified la-
although he has laboured hard to prevent the existence of the
unfortunate misunderstanding between al It is reported that
the Wiltshire Yeomanry Cavalry have bad orders to bold themselves in
readiness.

ATTACK ow Ma. BARING'S or 0111AVOIC.— Friday morning a
considerable number of labourers assembled at Ahtsford, and proceeded
to the residence of Alexander Baring, Esq of the Grange, near that
town, where they committed semi' acts of wanton violence, and as-
saulted and very much ill.treattd a son of Sir Thomas Baring's who
happened to be there, and who attempted to expostulate with them on
the impropriety of their conduct. violence was of to alarming ,
a nature, that it was deemed necessary to call in military aid, and an
express was dispatched at a late hour to Portsmouth ; early on Satur-
day morning, some troops arrived at Alresford in carriages drawn by
post.hoeses ; since which comparative tranquillity has been restored.
Friday :evening, about a quarter before eleven, the furze near the
Canteen, on Soutbsai COMMA, was discovered to be on fire; the flames
were, however, fortunately prevented from sding to any pest ex-
tent by the Preventive Service men. Immediately close to the See, a
bag was found among the furze, containing a quantity of matches, and
several lumps of piteh, and some shavings.
Places hitherto secluded from popular commotion have been vi-
sited by incendiaries, and there is too much meson to believe (states •
ent) that there are &geot, of some vile conspiracy travelling
th all the country to effect the work of distraction and to incite
the ring classes to meet and commit depredations on all deseri
does of property. lam happy to announce an instance of suconaful
resistance to a band of lawless ruSilans by a single Magis-
trate (a Cleegyman,) aided by his sou, and his parishioners,
which terminated in the capture of the ringle.stier and ten of his sae-
elates, and the complete dispersion of the rest. It has been reported,
that during the last week a stranger, armed with pistols, and having in
his possession some combustible apparatus for setting fire to ricks and
boilable, bad been in the vicinity of Newbury ; and that another
sinner en heraebeek, had paid for the refreshments which had been
supOini to some disorderly cWacters who had met at a public-house
there.

A letete received frac Hampshire, dated Saturday, states that the
spirit of snug%
esb%unfoetunstely, diffusing itself widely among
the hitherto try. For some days a tumultuous
mom* of agricultorararbourers, several h in somber, hes
hem traversing the centre of the county. Increase of wages
and the destrucdon of machinery are their avowed objects but in
some instances demands have keen sada of nosey NA
sloes. Tbs_pirkbes of Sutton, Seamy, Wassioas 1_111160!li. ardt.ol-i-
-drier, and I,Mgton, were visited by about six ammo hewers,
and the threshing mills and ether mashies/ of mod ihnissmi de.
. One gentleman was nestriy killed Is his sour to seise ow
!sr rditgkedess. Two fro were sees as TAW slab% sae at aMn
st limos Stamtahne.peopaty, of Sk Homy Wesse,, ilis ether is ibo
• sk/ el

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSR OF LORDS, No•. 12.
THE NEW MINISTRY.

The circumstance of Baovonast having accepted the Seals, in.
dueed a rut number of his professional friends to attend the house for
the purpose of seeing him take his seat on the wooback. A crowd of
strangers assembled at the bar, and the throne was covered by members
of the other house. Lady Baooonast, with one of her children, a:).
peered as a spectator of her high) .talented husband's promotion. No
one can envy the ezaltotissof red merit, and on this occasion every eye
threw the glance of satisfaction upon the High Chancellor. At a
quarter to four o'clock the Cnasicassoa entered the house. lie was
conducted by Sir T. Trimmers, Usher of the Black Rod, to the table,
where the oath taken by the Brooker of the house was administered by
Mr. Courtenay, Clerk of Parliament. The patent of nobility creating
the Chancellor Lord Vous, not having atti►ed before four o'clock. the
Chancellor could not be sworn as a Pea of Parliament, consequently he
had no right, by the law of Parliament, to speak in the house. Having
taken hip seat on the woolisck, he adjourned the house during plea-
, sure, and retired.

At arc o'clock, the usual bus, for business, Earl Grey entered and
took his seat upon the INUnhaarkil Bench. The sew Premier was fol-
lowed by the Marquis it Loosoiswite sod Lord Melbourne. The
Duke of-Wellington, the I. of Wasisorobid, mull the ultra Tories
took their seats on the Opposidsu ells wit!** dl opposition Lords.
Anti Slavery pethiste woo pulosoted by Earl speneee. the Earl of
Carlisle, the Earl of Rosobwroy, bold Hardwicke, Lord Cawdor, the
Bishop of London, Lord Rossiya, Earl Gower, Ead Grosvenor, and
Lord Whamcliffe.

POOR LAWS.

Lord SUFFIELD, adverting to the postponement of the Committee
upon the Poor Laws until Monday neat, eapressed a hope that the
noble marquis (Salisbury) would not ended the consideration of his
measure beyond that day. He could not avoid believing the subject of
the noble marquis's bill of great moment. There were few persons
who did not sympathise with the agricultural labourers. The noble earl
concurred in the wish of the noble marquis to pat of the discussion
upon his bill to Monday, yet his hope was that the subject would rot be
delayed. He had always thought it the business ef his Majesty's go.
remment to undertake the introduction of measures of this &nription,
and he still expected his noble friend would afford the commitue the
proper means of considering the question.
The Marquis of SALISBEHY intimated that it was not his inten-
tion to postpone the committee on his bin beyond Monday.

DECLARATION 01, KINISTEES.-PAELIAKINTAST WORK, Ikt.

Ilse Marquis of LANSDOWN said he had some petitions to pre-
'NO le the house on the subject of parliamentary reform. They had
boss some time in his bands, and the noble marquis bad been prevented
bah presenting them in consequence of the change in his Majesty's
mune& They were petitions drawn up in decorous terms, claiming
peallemotary reform. Their lordships would admit that be was not
bound to support the prayer of every petitiee be had to present; but
he certainly was bound to state, that he so far agreed to the sentiments
of the petitioners, that he would &emit some amadment was necessary
in the representation of the people. (Hear, bear) When be stated
so much, his hope was, that none of their lordships would suppose
that be was an advocate for any reform hr parliament which might
lead to the subversion of established institutions. The noble marquis,
an the contrary begged that on this subject their lordships would take
care the changes they did make were amendments and not innovations
upon the constitution. He was convinced that some amendment was
necessary foe the benefit of the, unrepresented population of the country.
He could not look at the defects in representation without paying de.
fume to the great and enlightened body of persons whose interests had
been called into existence by the exertions of the last century. The ac.
cumulation of wealth by industry, and the progress of science, had
created new interests, sad who reflection told him there remained any
great body of British subjects without due representation in the legis-
lature, he could not but think that amendment must be made. When
ho knew that there were important parts of this country which had but
the mire shadow of representation be could not but say amendment
might take place. At the same time be was prepared to say that reform
in Parliament which did not lead to the improvement of the coon.
try, should not receive his sanction. The noble marquis was con.
,Tined that in the whole legislation of the country. all parts, whether
rich or poor, ought to have a preponderating abase. He had taken this
opportunity of saying, that however Battered and honoured he must I'e
by the graciousness of his Majesty, in having called him to the situ'.
don which he held in his Councils, be could not justify himself in me •
opting that situation had he not reason to reside in the individual at
the head Odle Government tithe country—had be not an entire coati.
Roes that he would turn the attention of his great and powerful mind,
est slime to this subject, but every other which now pressed on the attic.
des Olds Government. (Hear, bear.) It was in the fulness of that
coulidenes that he (Lord L.) had consented to occupy the statics which
be now filled in the Noble Earl's Administration, and in the futons of
that mildence he felt convinced that the noble earl would direct his
immollate attention to the important question then pressing upon the
'sentry. The noble marquis concluded by .presenting a perinea from
the inhabitants of Blackburn praying for Parliamentary Reform.
Earl GREY, concurring in what bad just been stated by his noble
friend, said he should also take the opportunity of stating very shortly,
and in few words, the principles upon which be had thought it right, in
obedience to his Majesty's commends, to accept the high honour of his
situation. Upon the most important question to which the petition re-
ferred, his opinionstrould not be unknown to their lordships. A few
days previous he bad explained those opinions. He had stated to theft
lordships that he eamidered it nocrosy for the government of the mum.
try to come to a calm consideration of the question which then engrossed
the attention of the country. His opinion was that the gmement
ought to take into its most serious consideration the state of the rove.
sentation of the people in Parliament, with a view to serene, and for the
purpose of securing confidence in Indianian, which in the present con.
stitution of the House of Commons, be believed was not suniciesny es-
tablished for good and safe gevonment. The noble earl bad stated
that he was not one of those who would support say of those fanciful
and extravagant plans of reform which, in his ',Woe, would not lead
to good and substantial rem, but anarchy and confusion. He bad
never supported the principles of universal suffrage which some Mild
advocate. He did net contemplate that extensive change which would
shake the institutions of the country. (Hoer, bear, bear.) He was de.
sirous of uniting as closely as possible the send principles of the Con.
stitution, and at the aim time restore the amildence of the country.
Those were the principles on which he wished to regulate reform. lie
would secure to the people their due Whom in the legislative conn•
cils, and leave their representation upon a feusdation which wee stem
that satisfaction and colidence, without which it would be impossible
to govern. (Hear, hear.) Due attention obould Is paid to tine settled
institutions of she country, aed ears taken sot to bring about three sud-
den changes which might crease dieted:aims The noble eari• did net
know that it was necessary to say more es the object of ram en that
occasion. The restoration of coafideacs, by promoting meditate reform at
the proper time, was most desirable. He bed always been opposed to wild
theoretic plans that clashed with the happiness and geed order which
ought to exist in the various interests of the State. With regard to the
lie of reform, he cold MUM their lordships, that before he' stades.
took to become a member of his Majesty's amens, be received his
Majesty's sanction sod peneissioa to be allowed, at a proper time, to
prepare k. The question wee not to be lightly tikes up. lie could
net have been induced to obey his Majesty's onnemed, kindly and pa.
cisusly imparted, if be bad net received pooksise to propem • am-
sure for his Majesty's final seetalon—a meows !pasting sa tbeirrinci.
pie of reform. He had permissioe to censider such a roseoure in all its
details. An be could say en the subject abided to by the noble
lord was, he should turn the attietise of goomaset not only so the
wants of the labouring classes, but to the pawl NW of the country.
They (the are minim :410d mind moos to say einclal documents, and
therefore could not speak to the sists of the esessoy, conarqwedy all he
amid than say would be. that the met Mem moiety pervaded the
mobile of the government she the abject. A seed would be sum.
atoned to proceed Immediately with those lINOMON, which weelfi be ne-
cessary. The distress of the matey wield be Wined so the .as es.
lief cold possibly be otheiser bus the maths Roil mos s. at the
same time, the lateens, of the °meioses to asset all tilletnebanes
and otiose with malty sod thgetw, belly 'MOW that enmity in
the bet Won was the bitharett. With rupee te arkekaral
gtaseasio„ is would ee da!fthethidithithe se mess all thsteetneem with
fines. A portion of she jimpleteele *OW bad boo delaili Whilst
timplathing of waft of togisgoomt they apsedeelottyleg the easy
mesas by whit& they might lawapielad. be go the Site.* ewer&

i

i

17017.-17•i'•;it Ir. fed OARS AND WISH, WILT .
tqadvakia, In he hes A. *mks sad Ateasetive ire (evidwady the week disetedierke)
—es ear width ws are lathe aii:dbele Wipes eight 'Week oaths ~dog et Psalm ,
we sad of usessapessibisi jigs, lathe el Ale. Feedsvteseryiwg a atseitatn '
Moms, Wash wee et the obese peri After btorsolitlaisalY har kalah. dals- '
WMeseity Once.—we Oa* dleseyed tvii large When OW pod boo ddte, as est i
is sem* as* ise INS, whits a th, sod ,
@WWI harailwila wield as Madge waspw-hesse. Sat the limise soda idebt, the
y Ailed ,by piens deem. mediftlikebs Mos et Mem& Ossilmessi Peed, bed iseeistldy
kiddie. Thom B. Weed, stand t aim hie with die Awn, haisdbil W the imoda
dy se ea* the slime. olicalemor.
• •

r: 1.-A.;••
b.(

V. •

rnent to promote the reduCiion of all unnecessary taxation, retaining
only what was es.Lutially necessary for the Government and the pub.
lic service. His hope was that thtre would be no disposition on the
part of Government to permit any one to get off without a sparing.
hand. They had it in contemplation to cut off some of the larger branches
of expeme, but they:did no,:ntean to limit their exertions. Every de-
partment of the Government would be examined and retrenchment
made The next point was public credit. It was their duty to take
every siep in their power for the preservation of that credit. Another
point to which it might be satisfactory to advert was our relations
with foreign powers. The Noble Earl on that subject would only
say that they had then no meams of knowing what had been done, but
he would repeat what he had recently said in that house. It was the
first duty of the Administration to preserve peace. On the questions
which have disturbed the Continent he had said that the policy of this
sountry ought to be that of non interference. The government would
look to the connexion between the governments of the continent and
this country, and endeavour to maintain a good understanding, acting
upon all occasions with a view to conciliation and the adjustment of
those disturbances which unhappily had arisen between the two
governments. Standing themselves upon bases of public liberty, they
ought to support the liberty of nations in abhorrence of those views of
aggrandisement which must disturb the repose of me world. To sum
up all, in short, he would say the wishes of the government, and the
principles on which they stood, would tend to the amelioration of exist.
ing evils, the relief of suffering individuals, and the preservation of
peace. On those grounds he had taken up a task which the noble earl
could say, without vanity, was arduous and difficult. Had they not
accepted office, it might have been a vain attempt to form another p.
vernment: His hope was that the kindness of his Majesty would coy
him through; having the support to which he looked with pleasure, pee.
social sacrifice would not be regarded.He looked with confidence to summit
which he expected to find in the honour and intelligence of Parliament;
at the same time if he found he could not act with satisfaction to those
whose interest he was ready to support with a view to the welfare of all,
he should be ready to resign to his Majesty the situation which his Ma.
jest, had so graciously committed to him. It was unnecessary to ay
more than express the gratitude he felt for the kindness of his Majesty,
and the prompt generosity of the noble lord on the woolsack (Brougham),
which alone could have enabled him, in the short space of a week, to
arrange the new Administration (bear, hear, hear), for it was only on
that day se'nnight that he heard the declaration of the noble duke.
Previous to that day he had not the least idea of being placed in the Ili.
tuation he then held. Since that dine he had conversed with other per.
sons who had consented to place themselves in the administration of the
country. They had been selected with the best intentions, and by their
acts they would stand, high or low, in the judgment of the country.—
( Hear, hear.)

The Earl of RADNOR congratulated their lordships upon the pro'.
pest of reform in parliament, but could not approve of the reservations
of the noble earl on that subject. The noble earl did not support reform
to the full extent, but expressed his dissent to certain notions of reform,
confining his own views of the time for reform within limits. ft was
not the first time bt had heard the same statements in that house, and
was sorry the noble earl did not seem to go the length of the noble mar.
(pia, who had given a clear and distinct view of his intentions. His
hope, however, was, that Ministers would carry the question to the
utmost extent.

Earl GREY, in explanation. repeated that he had the permission
of his Majesty at a proper time to take into consideration the question
of reform. He could not approve of the wild theories of reform, but
looked only to strong cases of objection. His object would be to die.
tinguish the happy medium of reform which would satisfy the public—
s reform calculated not to disturb the settled institutions of the country.
If that reform was objectionable, he should tell those who opposed it
that they wanted not reform but revolution. His object was to prevent
danger, perhaps revolution. His measure was for the consideration of
those wbo knew how to legislate with care and prudence ; but he would
say, it was unreasonable to call upon him on that occasion for the de-
tails of his measure. The noble earl expressed a hope that their Lord.
ships would not call for the details of reform, but give him credit for a
desire to reform upon sound and safe principles.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE in supporting the sentiments of the
noble earl at the had of the administration, said that he should care-
fully abstain at present from entering_ into details on the important
question which was under discussion. He assured their lordships that
he should not be led by any observations made either in that
house or elsewhere to prejudice that great measure as a whole.—
(Hear, hear.)
Lord RADNOR peened upon the attention of ministers the ne-
cessit of taking the present state of the country into immediate
consider
Lord WHARNCLIFFE, although opposed all his life to certain
species of reform, would venture to say that it was now too late to
shut the door against reform of some sort. The noble earl had
a very intricate question to deal with, and when he introduced it,
the utmost caution was necessary in cedes that the institutions of the
country be not interfered with or disturbed; on the subject of retrench.
ment he agreed with the Noble Farl; be (Lad Whinscliffe) should
watch the pros of the New Ministry with anxiety. At the
same time he p himself not to give them unnecessary opposition.
Earl CARNA VON trusted that his Majesty's present Ministers
would not leave the great questions of reform and the distress of the
country to be solely discussed in the other house of Parliament. He
trusted that Ministers would be induced to look into the cause of that
distress; he believed still that mans might be found to restore com-
petency to the peasant and remuneration to the farmer. His Majesty's
Ministers would do well to look present distress full in the face.
Earl GREY in explanation said, that he bad hoped noble lords
would have waited until the plans of reform to be submitted were de-
veloped. He assured their Lordships, that the distress of the country
and the disturbances which existed in many parts, were the subjects
which would press first upon the attention of bis Majesty's Ministers.
The Marquis of I.A NSDO WN E then presented two additional peti-
tions, praying for Reform in Parliament ; one of which was from the
Royal Burgh of Cupar, and the other from Arbroath.

LAW BILLS.
The House went into Committee on Lord Tentertlen's Common law
Improvement Bills, which were severally committed.—Adjourned at
Seven o'Clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The Speaker took the Chair at three o'clock, at which time there
were about a hundred Members present.
Mr. 8. RICE (who sat on the Treasury bench) immediately moved
that the Speaker do issue a writ for the election of a Knight of the
Shire for Northamptonshire, in the room of Lord Althorp, who had
accepted the office of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Ea-
chequer.
A new writ for Cambridge University, in the room of Lord Palmer-
ston, who had accepted the office of one of his Majesty's Principal
Secretaries of State.

A new writ for Inverness-shire, in the room of the Right Honour.
able Charles Grant, who had accepted the office of President of the
Board of Controul.

A new writ for Preston, in the room of Mr. Edward Smith Stanley,
who had accepted the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland.
A new writ for the election of a Knight of the Shire for Cumberland,
in the room of Sir James Graham, who had accepted the office of First
Lord of the Admiralty.
Mr. H. PIIILPOTTS said, the hon. baronet had given notice of a
motion on the subject of Dr. Philpotts holding the living of Stanhope,
in etreemeadant with the See of Exeter; as the hon. baronet's vacation
of his seat must prevent that motion coming on at the time appointed,
be wished to make a statement of the facts Of the case drawn up by Dr.
Philpotts, to prevent the misrepresentation on the subject that had gone
abroad. The hon. baronet had stated that a petition had been presented
to his Majesty, praying that Dr. Philpotts might not be allowed to hold
the living of Stanhope in eognasetwitna with a bishoprick. That petition
contained three allegations ; first, that the living of Stanhope contained
12,000 inhabitants; the second, that Dr. Philpotts was about to resign
the spiritual care of it to a hireling; the third, that the parishioners
paid him 4,0001. a year. All these allegations were substantially un-
true. The parish of Stanhope contained, by the last census, little more
than 7.000 inhabitants; it contained two independent ehapeltice, and
the number of parishioners under the spiritual care of Dr. Phil-
potts did not amount to more than 2,341, and instead of delegating
his cars of them to a hireling, it was delegated to two curates,
both .men of independent property, and who could not be removed
by Kip; without the consent of the Bishop of the diocese; end so
far eras the income received by Dr. Philpotts from the parishioners'
from.' &Mounting to 4,0001. a year, that it amounted to no more
than .between 6001. and 6001. • year. The principal emoluments of
the See was a daunts* from the See of Durham; arising from lead
mines, and amounted to about 3,0001. a year; and as the living weo
generally held is oostmendam with some poor Bishoprick, in this
way the rich See of Durham contributed to the support of a poor See.
The Being of Stanhope had been held in cortmeesdan by three Bishops
during the pee nt century. He had also to mention that Dr. Philpotts
had expended 12,0001 in building two bonus In the living, one for
himself and oat for his Curate; and when, about foot moothoo.2±:
was first told that his Majesty intended to raise him to the
Bench, he distinctly stated that with Ws large family he couldan.
cep' the sales be was allowed to bold Ids living is ems.
meadow. On this understanding Dr. Philpotts had accvull the Bee of
Bleter, 'Bid+ Was known to be insufficient for the wt of a Bishop
without Isolates a MO" its emennendass ; end be -hoped the house
would not bear any more of the ben. limenst's notice of motion.

Sir HENRY HARDINGE (who spoke from the opposition bench)
said, he felt it to be his duty to state to the House that the circumstances
concected with Dr. Philpotts's promotion were very erroneously under.
stood by the public.—Tne Duke of Wellington allowed him to state
that Gr. Phiipotts, with whom he continued in communication on the
Catholic Relief Bill to the close of that measure, opposed it to the last.
on the ground of want of sufficient securities. That Dr. Philpotte had
been recommended for a bishoprick in Lord Liverpool's adminUtratioo
.and that the usual reference being lately made to the Archbishop of
Canterbury and the Bishop of London, they both approved of the ap-
pointment, observing, at the same time, that it would not be popular.
The Duke of Wellington, knowing the cause of unpopularity was eras-
neou., did not think it a reason for not making the appohnment. He
(Sir Henry Hardinge) having represented Durham, knew that Dr. Phil.
ports had expended 12,000 L on his living, which wee not to be repaid ;
and that be had fourteen children, and was obliged to devote a amid-
derable portion of his income to make a provision for them.
Mr. SPRING RICE proceeded to move for the following new
writs:—
For Aylesbury, in the room of lord Nugent, who has accepted the
office of a Lord of the Treasury.
For Tralee, in the room of Mr. R Vernon Smith. who has accepted
the office of a Lord of the Treasury'.
For Portsmouth, in the room of Mr. F. Baring, who has accepted the
office of a Lord of the Treasury.
For Youghall, in the room of Mr. George Ponsonby, who has accepted
the office of a Lord of the Traisury.
For Dover, in the room of Mr. Powlett Thomson, who has accepted
the office of Vice-President of the Board of Trade, and Treasurer of

the Navy.
Lord LOWTHER asked whether the has. gent. had disconnected
himself with the mercantile house in which be was a partner ?

Mr. S. RICE replied, that he had totally disconnected himself with
any mercantile house.
'The bon. gentleman then moved for a new writ for Oakhamptoo, in
the room of Mr. A. who has limpid the office of First Com-
missioner of Woods and Forests and Land Revenue.

The SPEAKER acquainted the house that the persons who had pre.
seated a petition complaining of an undue election for Armagh, had not
entered into the necessary recognizance.
The order for taking the petition into comdderation was discharged.

The SPEAKER acquainted the house that he had received petitions
from Ireland, complaining of an undue election for the city of Limerick,
and for the city of Londonderry.
The petitions were severally ordered to be taken into consideration
(nominally) on the 4th of January.
Mr. O'CONNELL hoped that Government :would abolish the office
of Vice-Treasurer of Ireland, which was a sinecure office held by a
Member of Parliament (hear.) There were 14,0001. a-year now to be
paid to retired Chancellors, and there might soon be 8,0001. more.

Sir JOHN NEWPORT gave notice. that after Christmas he should
submit a motion to put an end to pluralities in Ireland.
Mr. LITTLETON postponed the bill to prevent payment of wages
in truck to the 14th of December.

lir. SPENCE moved for various returns from the Court of Chan.
Cali; HOBHOUSE (who retained his seat on the opposition side)
presented a petition from South Shields, for the revision of the Church
Establishment ; and a petition from the parish of St. Clement Danes,
against the house and window tax ; and another for the repeal of the
New Police Act; and gave notice, that after Christmas he should
bring forward a motion on the subject of select vestries.
- -

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from the butchers of Dublin
and two from places in Meath and Sligo, for the repeal of the Union.
He:trusted the numerous petitions he had presented would refute the
opinion that Ireland was indifferent to this question. He gave notice
that after Christmas be would submit a motion to legalise the marri-
ages solemnised by Catholic Clergymen.

Mr. WYSE presented ',dittos; ham Tipperary for the repeal of the
Union, and one from the!parish of St. Nicholas, Dublin, for a repeal
of the duty on seaborne coals.
Mr. S. RICE gave notice, that after Christmas he should bring for.
ward a motion for making provision, in:certain cases, for the poor of
Ireland.—(Hear.)

Mr. J. WOOD said he trusted a reform would take place in the re.
presentation of the people. The new ministry was pledged to reform,
and if that house would not support them, they had the remedy in their
hands, and should not hesitate to dissolve the parliament. If the new
ministers redeemed their pledges, they should have his support.
Sir J. YORKE said he was in strange compao . spoke from
the ministerial side.) The new ministry if they their pledges,
should have his support too, lie 7ettei that the ministry now defunct,
had not corrected the otterupdon Seat Retford—.4t would have been •
sop to Cerberus. (Laughter.)

_ .
bir.WILIES gave nodce of a motion, after Christmas, respecting
baptismal and other registers, and to exempt all places of public worship
from poor rates.
Mr. HUME (who retained his seat on the opposition side) presented
a petition from St. Mary.k.bone, against the select vestry system.
Sir It PEEL, who occupied the seat on the opposition benches lately
occupied by Lord Althorp, rose and presented a petition from Derby
against negro slavery. The hon. ex.seastary made no remark.

PAILIAMINTAIT 1111,01134
Mr. DENMAN presented a petition, resolved at a public meeting
held at the town of Nottingham, and signed by 8,000 persons, praying
for parliamentary reform. The learned gentleman read the petition, and
stated that he concurred with the petitioners in the necessity of a mea.
sure for reform. The petitioners prayed for vote by WZot, but the
learned gentleman confessed that be was not himself convinced, by any
arguments he bad yet heard, of the propriety of vote by ballot being in-
troduced.
Mr. IL FERGUSON hoped that, before many weeks, the new C 4.
binet would bring in a bill for parliamentary reform.
Mr. O'CONNELL remarked that a great majority of the people of
Ireland were favourable to vote by ballot.

WAYS AND DIANA.
M. S. RICE moved, that the house resolve itself into a Committee of
Ways and Means.
The house resolved itself into a Committee of Ways and Mesas, that
three millions, from the Consolidated Fund, should be furnished for the
supply of his Majesty's service. Report to be brought up to-morrow
(this day.)

IMRE SPECIAL AIRY SILL.
On the order of the day being read for the third reading of the above
bill. after a short conversation. the reading was postponed till Thurs.
day next.
ADMINISTRATION Or JUSTICE BILL.
The Administration of Justice Bill was read a third time and passed.

ILDUCTION OF SALANIES' BILL.
Mr. HUME rose and stated, that he was desirous to withdraw the
notice of motion which he bad given on a previous evening, and which
stood for last night. He had given the notice to move for a reduction
of salaries, as he thought the present was the most fit time to accom.
plish a reduction ; but as it might be considered, if be pressed his
motion at present, that he had not confidence in the new Ministry, he
would withdraw the notice. He had no idea, he said, of distrust in
the Ministry, and he would postpone the motion; but he did not pro.
miss that he would give it up entirely. (Hear, hear, hear.) He had
great expectation from the change—the new Ministry were favour.
able to reform, and the lion. Member :had great hopes that sow.,
radical good would be effected by the change. The Ministers had given
several excellent pledges—they had pledged themselves to reform, and
they were pledged to retrenchment also. The hon. member bad always
advocated economy himself, and if the ministers kept their pledges be
would consider them entitled to his support ; but if they did not
meet the wishes of the people, they would find in him as great an oppo-
ser to them as he was to the last government. The new ministry were
favourable to free trade, which was a measure that should have the sup.
port of the hon. member. He hoped that they woulrreserve fifth
with the public creditor. The hon. member acknowledged that the last
ministry had never once hinted at any measure of that iption, and
he would be happy that the new ministry should in that particular fol.
low their example.

ARNAGE ZLZCTIOW.
Mr. HUME presented a petition for an extension of 30 days to the
time Axed for bearing the petition against Armagh Election. The time
had, however, expired before this notice was given, and the petition had
been discharged early in the evening.
The SPEAKER called upon the Attorney-General to present ape.
tition against negro slavery. A pause succeeded, and it appeared that
no one owned the invitation. The Speaker then called upon Sir James
Scarlett.

Sir JAMES SCARLETT, Who had resigned his former official seat,
and was occupying the seat in which Mr. Brougham sat formerly, rose
amidst loud laughter. He presented the petition without making any
observations.

INTIRMAL 'TAIT OF THE COI7NTIIII.
Mr. BARING, la consequence of some observations that occurred in
a conversation ring the postponement of election committees, re.
marked, that he hoped the Government would take decisive measures to
check the disturbances that existed in some parts of the coustey.
Sir R. PEEL inferred from the remark of the boa gendanan, that
he entertained an opinion that the late Government had not bsen oaf.
!Wendy vigilant. He would repeat what he had often stated, that it
was only by strong exertions of authorities that the disturbances were Se be checked. But ever aid bad been rendered by the Govern.
immodest was possible to be • He had always remarked that
Nash dieenebames were sully checked if they were at once met Mby prompt
esiares briesal powers and if there existed any eduction INI thekte Govanment for want of niflitery force, the House ought le in the blame, foe it had compelled hia Meieuty'e Gosumbes;ll:l=
the slimy ; but the Goweromeat had even salt down the London nes.
stables, who were neva intended lobe etefloyea theilowitry.
Mr. BARING said be thought it might have been rt.dows
county i. the
of Rent, end he hared that if it went on mink mina it would
not easily be crushed ; and if Government did not poems the dwoo to

put it down whet it existed in only one county, how was it possible to
suppress it when it had spread to several P
Sir IL PEEL said that had Ministers, at the close of last Session
of Parliament, anticipating these disturbances, asked for additional mi-
litary forces, he was sure it would have been opposed. But it was still
perfectly possible to put down the disturbances by prompt local mea-
sures—if people would stand by their own cause. Let every man
ftht before be gave up his property ; and that means would be found
effectuaL but no force would avail if the proprietors suffered themselves
to be intimidated into illegal concessions.

DOME? OF LANCASTSR.
COI DAVIZB expressed his au:Pries at having men the appoint-
ment made of the Duchy of Lancaster, particularly afl what had
fallen heat the new Lord Chancellor on a former evening. The gallant
Cola concluded with saying that if the appointment was Dot timicinded
he should bring it before the House as a motion soon after Christmas.
The House adjourned at a Quarter past Six o'clock.
