-~-~~-

!!".". consider the imrortance of the_ .
las, in the firs: place, it has undeceived a vast number of deluded
individuals, ignorant of the true spirit upon which this Govern.
' ment is determined toproceed; and, in the second place, as it has
The I Mowing Proclamation has been issued at
JAlntliC.t by the Duke of Manchester : : gained to the league of the Provinces of Venezuela the powerfuj
PROCLAMATION. ; assistance and support of the persons who before were its decided
1 enemies.
FROM THE ROYAL JAMAICA GA*ZETTE, OF AUGUST 31. -
. Whereas, it has been represented to me by the Common 1 " The humanity displayed by the Conunander in Chief towards
Council of the City of Kingston, that many persons of *a danger- the ir.leabitants of the city, must merit the highest applause, and
ow description to the security and tranquillity of this island, have ; the firmness with which he conducted himself towards those wit,
lately arrived therein; and there being reason to apprehend that ;
pe i . .
rsisted in '
their opposition to the cause of justice, and the skill
more persons of a similar description may arrive I have thought
it necessary to issue this my Proclamation, and exercise the : with which he reduced them to ant:mission, have shown that be
power and authority vested in me, in and by a certain act of the ; unites in himself the highest :unitary talents, and those feelings
:Legislature, made and passed in the forty-first year of his present . of benevolence by which the designs of those independent provinces
Majesty's reign ; and I do therefore hereby direct that no person
are best romoted.
or persons, not being natural-born subject or subjects of his Ma-
p
jesty of any descripton whatsoever, shall be landed out of any i " They therefore, in the name and on behalf of the various dis-
WAR or vessel arriving at any port or place within this island, from , tricts for which they are representatives, do bestow on General
any iris id or colony whatsoever in the West-Indies, belonging to, :
Don Francisco Miranda their warmest and most gratefol thanks ;
or Pa the possession of any foreign European Sovereign or State,
i and they have ordered that this Decree shallbe inserted among the
save and except in the City of Kingston, in the County of Surrey;
and that no person or persons of the description aforesaid be I Edicts of the State.
landed in the said city or town." " Done at the Federal Palace of Caraccm, Aug. 18, 141 1.
[Here follows a list of regulations necessary to be (Signed) " CI-JRISTOVAL DE MENDOZA, President.
observed, in order to give effect to the Proclamation.] " M. J. SA.NZA, Secretary of State.
" This Proclamation, and regulations and directions therein
" FRANCISCO ISNARDI, Secretary."
contained, to he Migrate until ordered to the contrary.
" MANCHLSTIII. Another Decree confers the same thanks on the
t' J. F. BONN ITT, See. Officers and privates of the army under General
" By his Grace's command—" one sAvz 711 Z KING:'
MIRANDA.
KINGSTON, AUGUST 24. -
The next Document is the Copy' of a Dispatch
James Fraser, Deputy-Marshal, for branding a from Don FIIANCIScO DE MIRANDA, slated Head-
negro, the property cf David Jones, Esq. 'deceased,
Quarters of the Army of Veneettela, New Valencia,
wi h the ini jai.. of his 'name, to be confined three
months in Savanna la-Mar gaol ; and 'for allowing August 15th :
"By my dispatch of the lath inst. your Excellency-is already
Matthew Solomon, who was sentence 4 to a public
flogging, for receiving stolen goods' to escape from aware of the happy surrender of this city to the troops under my
•
the gael of This city, to pay a .fine of £5O, iviving orders. I there informed your Excellency that it had been accom-
linen found guilty on both these indictments on 'rues- 'dished with little loss ; and since, it has been my employment to
day last. His Honour the Chief justice observed, endeavour to reconcile such of the inhabitants to the new state of
things 3s were most averse to them. I am now happy to say, that,
Iliac he had thougLt it necessary to sentence Mr. Fra-
with little exception, my success has been complete. Those per-
m- to confinement in Savanna-la-Mar gaol, for his
better sec Uri y, as his offence was of a very heinous sons, long bigotted to the old Government, and interested in the
nature, and he had repeatedly represented the county support of slavery, and who seemed still determined- to resist,
gai,i to be in so ie..ecure a state, that prisoners could some of them have led, and others are in my custody, and will be
*avalk in arel out at pleasure. Mr. Fraser afterwards conveyed to Caracas by the firs: opportunity.
sent in a paition to the Coen, soliciting a revision "My troops, on taking possession of the city, as might be ex-
of the seer once respecting confinement in the above- pected from their discipline, preserved the greatest order, offering
men• iota d gaol, on which their Honours were pleased no violence unnecessarily either to the persons or property qf in-
t.; defer giy;ng their opinion until this day, when divhtuals.
they. ref. sed.to accede to his request. - " In the Arsenal and Magazines I have found a considerable
.... SfPT. 2.—The Southampton fr gate, of 32 guns, quantity of ammunition, seventeen large pieces of artillery, pro-
IC ptain Sir James Lucas Yeo, and Brazen sloop of visions for two months, besides other stoics ; and in the Treasury,
war, of 18 guns Captain Davies, saited from Port- al;....rgc cum of money, an account of all which I shall transmit to
'Royal, on Saturday 'morning, on cruizes.—The ship your Excellency, as soon as I receive the reports of he I'urveyors
Planter, Brutein, anchored at Port-Royal late on of the Army. * ,
Saturday evening, from London.—She sailed from " I asst happy to add, that the utmost tranquillity prevails at
Gravesend on the 6th July, and on the 17th August, this moment, and that nq disposition to future disturbance has
in hr. 17. N. yang 54. go. the wind at. E.N.E. at been in the slightest degree exhibited.-
.
new p. in. she discoyerid a sail, which, at half-past (Signed) " FRANCISCO DE MIRANDA."
nine, was Made out to be a brig; the Planter then
The subsequent articles are from the Ga.zettes :
steeled •for her, and on nearing, hailed her, and re-
ceived for answer, that she was she brig Ceres, out CARACCAS, AUGUST 21.
forty-two days front Liverpool, bound to Jamaica. The tree of liberty which has been planted in these
At ten p m. the weather became very hazy, with independent provinces flourishes with luxuriance, and
rain. At half-past ten, in the midst of a squall, the has already spread its blanches over the seven pro-
brig came cIO-e on the larboard quarter of the Plan- vinces of Venezuela. All have experienced the bene- i
ter, and fired a broadside into her, accompanied ficial effects of its influence, and gratefully repose
with several 'trollies of mnseuetry, which injured her under its shade, trusting for protection from the
masts and rigging very muds, and occasioned the storms of discontent to its expanding arms. Its etie,
most of the Planters crew to quit the deck. At mien are few, its supporters innumerable, and the day
three quarters past ten, the brig ceased firing, and will son arrive when vigorous scions from its rpot
inquired if the ship had struck, and was told by shall be planted over the vast Continent of South'
eAptain Bruton, that the man had left the wheel, AMerica.
and the ship being unmanageable, he thought it the city of New Valencia, which it was apprehend.
most prudent to do so. At eleven, the sent her ed might long resist oar arms, has yielded, and there
boat oneboard the Plenter, and "took possession of remain only the insignificant forces of Coro and Ma-
EFT. They then ordered Captain. Bruton, and racaybo to oepose the progress of ..ur successful arms,
twc4ve of his men, pn'board the brig, which proved of which justice is the guide, and liberty the termine-
to be the -tuke des Dantzic privateer, of fourteen titm. Our victorious troops, under the command of
13-founders, asid•llifinen. She thtn made sail to General Miranda, will, after arranging such matters
the northward 611 'eight A. M. the next morning, as may be necessary for the protection of the rights
es hen she hove to. At ten, Captain Bruton was sent of dui newly-acquired allies, proceed against the re-
back to the Planter, and the privateer's men began to hellious districts, which must submit on the approach
take out the bread, water, and part of the Planter's of our gallant troops.
cargo, and continued plundering till the 19th, at 10 The sum of 70,000 dollars, esi-h a great quantity
A. NI. when the commander of the Duke de Dantzic of other treasure, has been taken in the city of Var
gave the Planter tip to Captain Bruton, with liberty lencie belonging to the Government. The details of
to proceed %%bete he pleased. The Duke de bentzic the number of persons killed and wounded, and the
was ten weeks from Name, and had been very sue- amount of the prisoners, have not yet beta received.
ce,sful duting her cruize, having captured several
vessels previous to the Planter; among ti,em were the
ships 'I ottenham, from London fcr Grenada, Lady
Penryn, and Thames, both belonging to London, a
Spanish schooner, and a schooner from Barbedoes to
Demerara. 'l'he Tottenham was sent to France, the
others were burnt. •
KINGSTON, SEPTEMBER 22.
The Pelican, a very valuable trader, from Haven-
rail to thii port, with fioaeke dollars and 3000 dosilb.
loons on board, was captured On Tuesday last, after
a desperate resistance, off Alligator Point, in St. Eli-
zebeth, by the Marengo, of eight guns and 90 men,
- fitted our from Baltimore. One half of the property
belonged to merchants there, and came in payment
of goods veld ; the other half . was the prOperty of
passengers on bowel, coming to purchase goeds,—
This is very much to be lamented, as our nettle hid
just began to be very brisk, which this may damp.—
WO Captain, it is teased; is mortally Mounded.

JAMAICA PAP _STS.

TIIE EVENING STAR.

LONDON. •

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9.
bolo Magi's am—Holiday at all the Public OE ;.

The ship Speke, Arrow, v.hich sailed from Jamaica
on the 23,t Septerobzr, has brought intelligence from
the pr minces of Ihnezula to the 22d of August. Our
advice by tils oppOttunity include the dispatch from
Crencrd Mmaswa of the 13th of August, which we
befee published, nd also the following important
doLuments

U CARACCAS, AUGUST te.
" The Gr Corgreas of the United Provinces of Venezuela,
anxiows to Foster the patriotic zeal exhibited by the Army, which
bas ischizvcd tau. reduction of New Valencia, has issued the sub-

•

saran; Dtcree :
Tile Congress of the United and independent Provinces of
adequate terms express their high sense
Commander in Chief, Don Fran-
assault, and capture of the city of New
patriotism, gallantry, and discipline
commando especially when they

The ship Mary has arrived from Rio Janeiro. It
is understood that she sailed about the loth pf Seg.
temlier.

From North America also we have the arrival of
the Ariadne in twenty-three days. The following
is an extract of a private letter from Philadelphia :
" We have bad the pleasure of writing you frequently of late,
and are still unable to acquidnt you with any alteration, political
or commercial. Each pa: ty appears to have taken a stand, from
which they will not swerve; but we trust an open rupture will be
averted, by the contined forbearance of one or the other. Our
trade is nearly annihilated; the carrying branch seems to be at as
end. The Non-importation Act subjects us to much inconve-
nience ; but the longer it exists the more shall we learn, and be
enabled to do without you. The increase of our manufactures is
truly astonishing, and the intrcduction of Spanish sheep is of in-
calculable advantage to this country."' •
We have received some Jamaica Gpettes to the
Ist of September. We are sorry to learn that the
enemy's mixers continue greatly to' annoy the trade
of that Island: The Dantzic privateer, among cap-
tures cf less note, has taken the Tovtenham and
Planter, West-Indiamen. The packet sailed from
Jamaica at the same time with the running ship, and
her arrival may be daily txpected.
Official advices have been yesterday'received from
the north of Spain, by which we ate happy to ,And
that our little squadron has cf late. been very success-
fully active on that station. In conjunction with
the Guerillas, the marines Of the SURVEILLANTE and
Isis have driven the French out cf Bermes, destroy.
ed all the wurks, thrown the guns into the sea, and
seized all the vessels that were lying in the post—.
We.have t! e pleasure to add, that this service has'
been ceifcrnied with scarce any lost on our side.
Our private letters from Gijon art to the 2d inst.
but they contain nothing import.int.'
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East-India House, when Captain J. P.-MAN%ELL was
sworn into the command c. f the ship Coldiream, con-
signed 'to Helena and Bengal.—The Court ad-
journed at six o'clock till Wednesday, next.
A telegraphic dispatch was received yesterday at
the Admiralty, announcing the sailing r:f the out-
ward-bound fleet, which has been for some time de-
tained at Cowes. '

Venezuela, &C. cannot in adequal
of the excellent conduct of the C
cisctsbliranda, in the si 7 ge, assaul
Valefitia, as well as of the patr
df-rlafed by the troops under his
