From the Madrid Gazette of the 29th.

On the 22d three of the accomplices in the aasauination of th, illus-
trious Governor, Don Antonio del Hieno y Oliver, were shot in the
back.

The police of Algesiras having discovered that three of lianzanares's
companions, and among them his second in command, Don N. Cam.
pos, were to embark from the neighbourhood of that town on the even-
ing of the 15th for Gibraltar, succeeded in apprehending the criminalr.
There have besides been taken, by different parties of troops and royal.
let volunteers, other seven rebels, who had dispersed and concealed
themselves. These, with the three before mentioned, were conveyed
to the Barrios, to be shot on the 22d, at 4 in the evening.

IMPORTANT PROCLAMATION OF GENERAL JER-
MOLOFF.
RUSSIA.

We hasten to publish a proc'aroation just found on an officer, de-
corated with the order of St. George, who was killed in a weer,
affair, dated

" &wens% Jan. 29, on the banks
of the Wolga.

" It is an old man, 70 years of age, who has lived during the reign of
four Sovereigns, and who now, towards the end of his life, disgusted with
the despotism with which he is surrounded, revives in your hearts sen.
timents of national liberty, and will die free. Raise your heads, 0 Rus-
sians II All Europe, and particularly that part which is the most civi-
lized and enlightened, acknowledge that there is nothing to despicable
as to support slavery, and the yoke of despotism. Have you not
vigorous arms, have you not souls inaccessible to fear, why then
should you not be able to shake the chains with which you are
fastened ?

" Russia, the Queen of the North of Europe, having saved the liberty
of others, will not fail for herself : why do you tremble without the
daring of courage, you slaves of a despotic Czar ? you tremble at the
very name of liberty, and the idea of it is, in your eyes, the
greatest of crimes. Is it then possible, that those who were the
terror of the world, can suffer to
.remain the slaves of prejudice and
ignorance ?
"Russia, the eyes of all Europe are turned towards you: the world
knows the bravery of Russian heroes ; the straight-forward labourer
and the high-spirited noble are known ; but of what use are these qua.
tides, where despotism reigns in the name of legal power,—therc
where pride raises its bold front, treats its neighbour with disdain, and,
spreading its wings, tries to smother liberty and honour ? What is it
that stops your course ? Why do you not fly to obtain inestimable li-
berty ? It is, perhaps, prejudice which prevents you. Your ancestors
were born and died slaves. Oh ! may the light of liberty now disperse
the clouds of slavery ! There are now no Russians in any class shodo
not understand the true value of liberty; but they look for an impulse
they cannot give themselves; they sigh in silence,—they wait the mo-
ment to conquer their liberty.
" There is not an example in the history of any people, that those
who are firmly determined to obtain their liberty do not succeed. GOD
protects their efforts. Look at the happiness of other people, while you
remain the victims of an increasing despotism. You see even at home
the love of a people for a sovereign who commenced his reign with jar.
du and clemency; but, alas! it was only the commencement; for at
length, blinded by pride, nourished by vile flatterers, he cruelly deceived
the hopes which be raised. Look to the fruits of that justice and cle-
mency. We must suffer punishments till then unknown ; victims of his
suspicions, but neither tried nor convicted, and all this only in order that he
might reign despotically. Our warriors are returned from Turkey covered
with new laurels; all are not come back; many are missing. Where
are they ? They are beyond the Balcan ; their ashes repose in a fc-
reign land, if at least the Russians in their misery could say they have
perished ; but they have perished for their country. But, alas ! no,
they are sacrificed, offered up to pride, and the barbarism of two
despots. Where are our fathers, our brothers, our children ? They
will never return ; but in their just vengeance they scud us the comps.
nions of their tombs--sickness and the plague, which, as auxiliaries,
will end in giving the death-blow to those who would obtain their
berty. You will see the vengeance of an offended and insulted GoD:
these intuits increasing, in an awful degree, even in our holy Church,
from the reign of the Czar Alexander Frederowitz.
" Oh, Russians, fear that each minute will make your situation more
terrible; every thing proves that the wisdom which is the dawn of na-
tional happiness is smothered amongst us. Commerce is left without
protection, the merchants oppressed with enormous taxes, the cultivator
is almost forced to purchase his subsistence, as if It was the gift of the
Czar ; the ancient Russian citizens are despised, and strangers fill the
principal places in the State ; it is not, therefore, astonishing that they
oppress and ruin us, for they are not our brethren. And what
has become of our martial spirit? Where are the ancient Russian
heroes ? Where are those who armed themselves in the name of God,
the nation, and the Czar ? They have all perished, and now we have
been chosen to be the vile instruments of despo ism. Wo, wo, to us!
And are we to be blindly obedient? We all complain, we shed bitter
tears in vain ; are these, then, the arms the brave children of Russia
ought to use ? No ; it is with sword in hand we must go into the
centre of the capital, into the midst of the field of battle ; we ought to
demand our national liberty. What CAA oppose our courage? The
idols of despotism will fall before us, the Czar will become a father, and
we shall cease to be orphans : we shall again find a country, and, like our
brethren in Jesus Christ, the Greeks, we shall become free and humor.
tan ourselves. Nations less warlike and less populous have risen
with success, although surrounded by empires interested in their de-
struction. The hour has struck. God, who has in his hands the fate
of Kings and of people, will protect us also. Tear asunder, 0 my
countrymen, the bonds of fanaticism. You have sworn to be faithful,
but the Czar, has he not also sworn to be your father ? He bas broken
his oath, we are free from ours. Let us, notwithstanding, respect our
Czar as the representative of GoD as the highest authority. Change
only the form of government, and demand a constitution.
" Russians, let all those who desire their happiness; and that of their
descendants, profit by the present moment, and hasten to the banks of
tha Wolga ; there the flag of liberty already Maass—there the work
has commenced. Citizens and warriors have taken the oath, in the
face of the whole world, to die, or to be fret. Those whom distance
prevents from joining us, have only to rouse their sleeping souls, and,
sword in hand, demand on the spot which they inhabit liberty and a
constitution. But it is principally to you, Russian warriors, that I ad-
dress myself, end it is towards you that the country holds out its aims;
it is from you that it expects deliverance ; do not allow that it will be
any longer the plaything of savage despotism. The throne has 00
other defenders than the slaves that surround it. They will betray
for money in the field of battle u they have done in the cocoa.
We must be free rise, and the throne will tremble ; but if the &Pt
will arrest our enterprise, and that by the aid of those accomplices on
whom he bestows all favours, in forgetting that he is our monarch
and not thelsor—in fseptdng that be is the father of all the Bossism
—then the whole world will see that the Russians are not made far
.
slavery,—that they must have their liberty t they can be free, andthey will be free. "General JERMOLOFF.

WEYMOUTH /ND MELCOMBE REGIS.
TO THE EDITOR.
Si R,—ln answer to the letter of Sir Edward Sugden,
hcg in the mean time to observe, first, that the references re-
garding the purchase of the property at Weymouth, and the
•expenses of his elections, are not all paid. On the contrary,
they form the subject of the suit between Mr. Gordon and
myself, Mr. Gordon being liable for them under his agreement
to return Sir Edward Sugden free of expense. Ihe expenses
:chick Sir Edward Sugden states he has already paid, I pre-
sume, are included in the 2,0001. mentioned in the memoran-
dum in Sir Edward's hand-writing, as " 2,0001. to pay
off old bills," and for which Si: Edward granted his per-
sonal security. By that memorandum it was stipulated
that at the next elections after 1828, Sir Edward Sugden
Phould pay, if returned, 1,0001. which he did on being ap-
pointed Solicitor-General in 1829; and at the following ge-
neral election, in 1830, he paid the remaining 1,0001. By
the same document it was stipulated, that if Sir Edward
Sugden should retire, and anoller person should be returned
for Lis seat, that other person should pay the 2,0001. of old

2. The following memorandum in Mr. Gordon's handwrit- I
ing was delivered to Sir E. Sugden, and remained some time ,
in his possession, and was afterwards returned to me; and Mr. I
Gordon got it from me along with others of the documents
which he still retains: " Lieut.-Col. Gordon offers to re- I
turn Mr. Sugden free of expense for Weymouth, so long as
he may require a seat. Mr. Sugden allowing Col. Gordon I
to sell two of the three remaining seats ; he also with Lords
Grnitham and Goderich, will use his best endeavours to ob-
taiu a peerage for Lieut.-Col. Gordon : Mr. Weyland (bus-
Land of Lady Johnstone) to be excluded from the borough." I
In Mr. Gordon's defence in Scotland, he admits the existence
of the document, but contends it is misrepresented. It is,
la.wever, sufficiently plain to speak for itself, and I call upon
him, publicly to produce it. I will, however, prove its contents
so far as Sir E. Sugden alludes to it, by collateral evidence. let
as to Sir E. Sugden being returned freeof expense, and Mr.G.
being allowed to sell the two remaining seats. This is
proved by the following memorandums in Sir Edward Sug-
den's handwriting ; " The arrangement between Colonel
Gordon and Mr. Sugden is as follows—Colonel Gordon is
to buy of Messrs. Henning and Horsford their freeholds,
.Ind the conveyance is to be taken in the joint names of
Colonel Gordon and Mr. Sugden as purchasers, but Mr.
Sugden is to hold as a trustee only for Colonel Gordon. Mr.
Sugden is to be returned free from expense as long as he
requires a seat, and the other seats are to be disposed of as
Co!onel Gordon thinks proper. " E. B. S."
" Lincoln's-Inn, December 6, 1828.—1 hereby declare
11,:-.t the purchase made in Weymouth of Messrs. Henning
and Ilorsford was, although concluded in the joint names of
Celonel Gordon and myself, made for him solely, and the
1,0001. was his money, and I am trustee for him, but I
ant to have the benefit of my seat according to the arrange-
r,ent between Nlr. Fraser on the part of Colonel Gordon
myself.—Edward B. Sugden." And by Sir E. Sugden's
letter to me of the 28th of September, 1828, in which he
says, " My dear Sir,l suppose that you had not received
my last. If you see Colonel Gordon before you come to
town, I should like him to state in writing what he considers
the arrangement between us to be, as to the payment
of the part we mentioned (not including the 5001.) of the
late expenses, out of the produce of the next elections, and
as to my being returned." Secondly, as to Mr. Gordon's
peerage, I never stated that Lords Grantham and Goderich
undertook to procure a peerage for Mr. Gordon. All I said
was, that he represented, both verbally and in writing,
that such was the understanding with Sir Edward Sugden.
and which will be seen by the memorandum before called
for. Mr. Gordon's letter to Lord Wallace, his
defence to my summons, and his letters to me,
of which the following are copies, are demonstrative that
he was seeking a peerage. "In the Edinburgh Courant
newspaper of the 25th current, I observe advertised a
small Bvo vol. entitled The Political Primer, or Road to
Public Honours. I don't like to commission it myself, but
wish you would procure me a copy, and send it by Aber-
deen by the first private opportunity."—" If the steady
and zealous support which my predecessors and I have
always given the ministers of his Majesty's present govern-
ment, and the increased support which, in future, I shall
have it in my power to give them, is not enough without the
addition of 40,0001. to put me on a level with other candi-
dates for royal favour, I will remain as I am, and trust to
the chapter of accidents, rather than throw so large a sum
of money so unprofitably away."
Thirdly, Sir Edward Sugden was Mr. Gordon's counsel
in all matters relating to the Johnstone affairs, as well as
others, which is proved by the accompanying list of fees
paid to him in the year 1829, none of which were returned
by Sir Edward Sugden.
I am, Sir, yours most obediently,
London, April 8. JAMES J. FRASER.
