SPIRIT OF THS JOURNAL&

lizasAn.—The following is a list of the new Ministry, from good
authority, but which cannot yet be considered, in all respects, as de-
finitively settled:—
Premier - - - EarlOrry

Lord Chancellor . - Lord Phinkett
Chancellor of Exchequer . Mr. C. Grant
Foreign Secretary • - Lord Palmerston
Home Secretary . . Marquis of Lansdowne
Colonial Secretary - - Hon. Mr. Stanley
Ordnance - . - Earl of Rosalyn

- Viscount Altlimp

Ireland, -cc the choice of the
Horse Guards • - Marquis of Anglesea
Secretary to Ireland . . Sir H. Parnell.
Lord Holland bad come to town, and was understood to have taken
a part in the conferences relative to the formation of the new Ministry
yesterday, though it does not appear, at present, that he has accepted
any oiSee. Some doubts were expressed in the morning as to whether
the Marquis of Lansdowne would join the Ministry, on the ground
that be objected to making Parliamentary Reform a Cabinet measure,
and this report excited some surprise. Mr. Stanley was also mentioned
as the Secretary for Ireland.

Csriorrici.z.—The new Administration has, we believe we may
affirm, been completed in all its pars, except the legal department. It
has been formed under the direction of Earl Grey; and it is not true
that his Lordship declined the duty, which his Majesty confided to him
In a manner the most frank and cordial. 111 r. Brougham, it is post.
tively asserted, has resolutely declined to take the Seals ; and it was
not until he was assured that much depended on his accession to the
Government, that Lord Althorp could be prevailed upon to accept
office. The new Cabinet has been formed without alloy. It will
boast the effective owlets of Lord Palmerston, with the coin.
merercial wisdom and brilliant eloquence of Mr. Grant—the
shadowy line which at one period divided the enlightened States-
men of Mr. Huskisson's connexion from the other friends of liberal po-
lities being happily obliterated. Of the arrangements no more has
transpired than Lord Grey's personal inclination to be at the head of the
Admiralty, which be formerly occupied, rather than any other depart.
meat; and that Lord Anglesea. with Mr. Stanley for his Chief Secre-
tary, is to have the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland. In this cue Mr.
Doherty would remain most probably in office as Solicitor-General.
It is believed that Lad Grey will not assume the ostensible position
of Premier t but that Lord Spencer, or possibly Lord Carlisle will be at
the Head of the Treasury, the members of the new Cabinet each
enjoying that influence over the counsels of the Government which
may fairly belong to him individually, without being subject to the
same dictation on the part of any one minister, as characterised the
late administration. Lord Plunkett has unquestionably been referred
to; but of what nature the proposition made to him is, we cannot
state with any certainty. To Sir John Leach no application has
been made; nor is It contemplated to put the great seal in com-
mission. Lord Melbourne is named as one of the persons included
in the present arrangements which, notwithstanding the contrary re.
ports industriously circulated, we believe to be in great measure
matured. We do not find Lord Anglesey's appointment to the go.
vemment of Ireland, or the nomination of Mr. Stanley likely to
meet with any general approval among the parties most immediately
concerned.

Miss.—it is remarkable that some of the journals, who are favour-
ing the public with a list of the new ministry, are as silent on the sub-
ject as if the government of the country were going on in its usual train.
They were rash at first, and now are sagacious and prudent. The
stories afloat are wholly unauthorised, though, of course, some names
may by chance turn up to be right. For ourselves, we believe that
nothing is yet done towards the completion of this most difficult task.
Indeed, it is nmeasonable to expect an immediate settlement of so
important a question. hlr. Canning took, we believe, 20, the Duke of
Wellington 24, days to form their respective ministries. The present
state of the country, however, makes despatch a very high and urgent'
duty; and we trust Lord Grey will meet with no vexatious impediments.
We should be sorry if individual caprices, fantastical self.coneeits, de-
sires that shrink from their own accomplishment through the conscious-
nem of incompetence, and yet refuse to acquiesce in an exclusion which
it is affected to court, should stand in the way of an easy and final ar.
rangement. If there are such humours, we wish they were handed
over to us : we think we could dispose of them either now, or hereafter
under an honest Administration, sincerely disposed to rational economy
and temperate reform. There is one thing with respect to the retiring
Chancellor which we venture to hint—if he remains, the country saves
the pension, and economy is the order of the day. The public, too,
begin to ask, is there not something absurd in the system which con-
demns the clearest head and most vigorous understanding of the props.
:ton, without the slightest symptom of impaired energy, to long or
perpetual inaction or inutifity.

sloawrita HERALD. —lt was only In the last session of parliament
that the newspaper. which has taken to itself the title of the " leading
Journal," discovered a curious symptom of the stability of the late mi.
nistry, which it hastened to communicate to the public. The ministry
were nearly beaten upon a division in the Halle of Commons, and the
Journal in question, with a spirit of optimism that even Dr. Pompton
might envy, gravely informed its readers, that to be nearly beaten"
was exactly what the government ought to congratulate themselves upon,
for that their weakness in Parliaatessi, was a certain proof of their
strasyth wills glee people. This might have been considered a very good
sarcasm if it came from any quarter bat a friendly one. The " leading
was, however,e zealous eqpis of the Wellington Ad-
ministration, and could not be sespesied of insidiously taunting the
object of is idolatry by the bitter plisastany of an ironkal jest. 't hen
we say the object of its " idolatry," we do so hastily apply the term,
for never was more fulsome and nuessiieg adulation corned up to any
idol than the Journal in question was daily bathe habit of regaling that
statesman with, whom, since his fall from power, it has discovered was
never popular with the country ; yet, when either his civil capacity or
his popularity were doubted on former occasions, no indignation was too
strong, no invectives were too coarse, to convey the sentiments of pro-
found distain and lofty intolerance with which the parasite Press regarded
such heretiad opinions. As to the wcesssoesof the late ministry, their
teak will be, perhaps, more ORM* thin that which any ministry had
to undertake since the Revolution.

libitum° Porr..—The feeling at nret at the irremediable lees to
be sustained by the Public in the retirement hem office of the
trious Wellington ani his able Colleagues, is not ermined to those
who have been the conscientious and sandy stlPPorielo of Mo:policy,
but, we have reason to know, is marticipaml by very many who coo.
ributed by their votes to swell the malts of Opposition en Monday
evening. So great, indeed, is the entheressmnent neemearily conie-

quent upon the circumstances under which hlinisters kayo resigmil.
that the new rtrillit'f, Earl Grey, finds it a task of no ordinary dill-
culty to form acv thing like an effichnt Administration' or ore valeta..
fated to command ',ohne confidence or respect ; and to the present
nionint, therefore. his Lordship has made but little progrest his
arduous undertaking. The Ultra. Tories, it is positively asserted, re.
fuse to take office of any description ; and we arc well assured, that
had they foreseen the consequences, or had entertained the remotest idea
of the fearful result, their conduct had been widely different from that
into which, in an evil moment, they suffered themselves to be se-
duced. In the present lamentable posture of affairs, it is, however,
creditable to them, that they seem anxious to do every thing in their
power to corroct their unfortunate error, and repair the injury they
have unintentionally inflicted upon their country. This considera-
tion will of itself afford no slight degree of consolation to the well-
disposed portion of the public, whilst it will serve u a dishearten.
ing blow to the designs of the mischievous, who had founded such ar-
dent hopes upon the success which appeared to attend them. In regard
to the progress made by Lord Grey in the formation of the new Minis.
try, we have scarcely any thirg to add to the statement we have already
made upon the subject. It was yesterday merely said that the Great
Seal. would, for the present, be put into Commission ; that Mr.
Brougham would not accept office until he had redeemed hie pledge of
bringing forward the question of Reform on the 25th instant; that either
Lord Althorp or his respected father (Earl Spencer) would preside at
the Admiralty ; that the Marquis of Cleveland has been offered either
the Lord Lieutenancy-of Ireland or the Mastership of the Horne; and
the Duke of Devonshire the office of Chamberlain to the King. Lord
Grey, it is added. is anxious to have the cooperation of Lord Goderich
in the Cabinet. There are many other reports, but as none of them are
traceable to any respectable source, we cannot pay any attention to them.

would appear that M. de Potter, probably finding that
his weight in the state was not equal to his idea of his own importance,
has resigned his seat among the members of the Provisional Govern.
went. The grounds on which he has divested himself of his power,
are either very inconsistent, or very enigmatically expressed. His col.
leagues proposed to resign their authority into the hands of a bodywhich,
in their opinion, represented the nation. He refused to subscrihe to
their resignatioe. They were requested by this body to remain in office
till a definitive arrangement should be formed, and agreed, at such a
flattering solicitation, to continue their services. He, on the other
hand, insisted on resigning. Thus he would neither resign,nor continue
in office with his colleagues, but resolved on retaining power when
they proposed to resin, and to resign when they engaged to act.—
The ground of this extraordinary course seems to be some odd notion
which he entertains respecting the origin of his mission and the extent
of his power. It would be ridiculous to appeal to ordinary rules on
occasions of crisis or revolution, which overturn all ordinary laws ; but
as soon as the storm is passed, order should be restored. 31. de Potter
and his associates could not receive their power from any national dole.
gation, because no national delegation existed at the time of anarchy
when they constituted themselves a Government, but they were bound
to restore it to this delegation when formed, under the penalty of being
considered as usurpers. But it would be needless to argue further on
the unintelligible theories of an ambitious man, on whose letter his
countrymen passed to the order of the day.

LITERARY REVIEW.

The Foreign Quiarkey licriete—TaEuTELL AND WURTZ.

For many years British literature was deficient in a work like the
present, to convey a view of the more important novelties of cotempo.
rary foreign literature. That excellent work, the Monthly Review—a
record of general literature, for consistency of character unequalkl in
the literary treasures of any country, and which now, singular to relate,
may be purchased for almost waste paper—supplied the deficiency to
which we allude, by publishing a quarterly appendix, principally re.
girding foreign books. Several attempts have since been made, to pub-
lish reviews of continental literature ; but, owing to some cause,
they have not been very successful. The present is all that could be
wished. It amply supplies this important desideradum in our periodical
literature, and most sincerely do we wish it the patronage it merits.
We have perused the number with attention, and much satisfaction;
and shall endeavour to convey a sketch of its contents to our readers.
The first article is a Review of " The History of the Conquest of
England by the Normans"—the celebrated work of M. Tntranw—a
translation of which into English has for some time been published.
This humiliating part of our national story has been before-little Inves-
tigated ; and the work here reviewed has brought to our notice so many
curious particulars, which had escaped former writers, that it forms a
most valuable addition to a British historical library. Those who an
not inclined to purchase the work, will find in the able Analysis, the
extracts, and original critical remarks which form this review, almost
what may be well termed the spirit of the work referred to.
The second article is a review of the doctrines of what is termed, ac-
cording to the Bersehornion school, codification, as explained in certain
works by Dumont, &stay, and Meyer. We cannot express too highly
our appreciation of this article. It is not so much an analysis of the
particular works mentioned ; but in the style of the Edinburgh and
Quarterly Reviews, is a masterly disquisition on their tenets. We
would recommend all our readers, who wish to have a clear view,
in
,a small compass, of what is practicable, to increase the uti-
lity of British Jurisprudence, to read this article, which is eel.
dently the writing of a well.read legal student.
The principle ably, and we think satisfactorily, maintained by the
Reviewer, is that "eodefseation"—a word which we think synonimous,
or nearly so, with classification or sysfewsotising—applied to our laws,
which he correctly says, consists of three distinct portions, viz.-Ist,
the statute law; 2d, the common law; and 3d, the equitable law--
would be advantageous ; but he deprecates the idea of forming a new
code, de novo, the work of existing! human intellect, without any re-
striction, or necessary reference, to former or present laws. This is
represented to be the approved codification of Bentham; and it Is, we
think, justly stigmatised by the Reviewer, as " utterly *bend! and im.
practicable" -as a plan which would " throw away the collected expe.
'fence of ages like a castoff garment ; which would expose to caprice,
the dear.bought victories of en old, a free, and a civilized people; and
which would place on a die, all that was most precious and sacred."—
The Reviewer very correctly remarks, that Mr. Bentham loses sight of
the proper object of codification, which is, In strictness, not the form.
ing of new laws, but newly eorapilinj old laws. As, at the present
moment, we deem it our duty to seize every opportunity to keep our
readers in mind of the value of our own institutions, we shall quote two
passages from the venerable Bentham, appteciative of British juris.
prudence ; and which, coining from his pen—certainly a virtuously
intentioned, acute, learned, and unprejudiced jurist—should, we con-
ceive, have some weight with those who are inclined to be influenced in
their opinions by such authority. " England," says Mr. Bentham,
" has not a code ; but it possesses the most ample materials for
making one. Traverse the Continent of Europe, and consult
all the libraries of jurisprudence, all the archives of the Courts,
and you will never seated in making such a collection &scan be com-
pared, either for variety, extent, clearness, or force of the arguments,
with the English Law Reports, together with the abridgements and
text.books, which enable than to be studied in a tolerably methodical
arrangement." The other passage is equally strong. He says: "At
first, every decision was purely arbitrary ; every judge was forced to be-
gin again. There was no science. because there was no experience.
The improvement of the law, dates from the time when it became sus.
ternary to collect the decisions of the courts, and the reasons on which
they were founded. Hence was formed that immense collection of re-
ports, that rich storehouse of legislation. that inheritance of the wisdom
of the ablest lawyers, to which no other nation has any thiug at all
comparable, and which jurnishes all the materials, which can be de-
sired for anspifiny a general code. But if I grant that the common
law has the advantage of guiding and fixing the decisions of the courts,
in a large number cf cases, still it is not the lees true, that it generally
leaves questions to be discussed, doubts to be resolved, and chances ine-
vitable ; and that all the good which results from it, and which no one
denies, would net be doubled merely, but increased in • ten.
fold degree by a written code, which world embody all
As acquisitions if so Tongan experience." To this the
Reviewer " subscribes without the least exception," and to
this we conceive all rational intelligent men must went—" Like
an avalanche," says the Reviewer eloquently, " the body of law is
continually increasing its bulk, as it rolls down the steep of time. When
therefore, it is remembered that the formation of a code does not imply
either the abrogation of old, or the substitution of new law; but that,
at the same time, the best means of rectifying erron and supplying
deficiencies; that it lessens the uncertainty, expense, and chances of
litigation; and that by giving an increased notoriety to the criminal
law, it tends to disseminate the doctrine that punishments are intended
to prevent, net to avenge cries,—we cannot but hope that that cause,
which we verily believe to be the cause of truth, will make its way in
the world ; that conviction, like the chastisetnest of Heaven, will woe

with a sure, if a slow foot; and nations will at length learn to see
their true interests." The importance of the matter has induced us to
wake t!to.,! extract,. The whole article is excellent.

Tli, thud article is a review of an Italian work, on the AD
cien, Romances of Chivalry, and of the romantic Pont. of
Italy, with dissertations oft Knighthood, by Doctor Ferrario.—
It is impossible for us to give an Idea of this article, farther than
by saying, that it is an analysis of a curious work, and that much of the
most curious, and to us novel Information, Illustrative of the subjects
mentioned in the title, is abridged and transferred into the pacer of the
Review.

The fourth article ia formed upon the reports of some Commissions,
appointed by the hate French Government, to investigate the state of
the manufacture of iron, and the importation of sugar and cotton. The
Reviewer has given a most lucid exposition of the errors of tie french
restrictive or prohibitory systems; and we recommend the ar ick to the
careful perusal of all who still have any doubts of the impolicy of such
legislation. The history of the French Iron Lass k ir.litcsting and
very inmauctive.

The fifth article is a review of a treatise by Eusitste SALTER ix. 0 :r
of the present active deputies of the French Chamber, entitled 'Be..
Sciences Occults., on Essai sue Magic, ks Prorliges ci le
Miracles." The object of this work appears to be to support an opi
nion, that the minder, prodigies, and supernatural operations attri
buted to Magic, and of which we read in ancient works, !thee been
delusions practised through the agency of physical science, possessed
only by the Priesthood or Deceivers. It is e►ident, a work of this kit. el
must be replete with information curious and rseherete—much of which
the Reviewer has made his own, and illustrated by his own vigorous
remarks. We are struck with the author's distinction of two states of
Civilisation—the fixed form, as in Asia; and the perfectible, as in
Europe ; and we could ray something on the subject had we space.
The sixth article is on " Hernani,".—a drama, by Vicrox Huoo•
It is well known, that there is a new school of poetry, lately arisen
in France ; which, breaking the old Aristotelian chains, and discard-
ing the unities, &c. imitates the free-born genius of Shakspeare,
Schiller, and Calderon. The disciples of this new school are termed
Rumautiebts—and Victor Hugo is their poetical leader. The tra-
gedy, of which an account is hero given, will enable the reader to
form some idea of his merits. He is undoubtedly a poet, according
even to the English meaning of the word, which seldom accords with
the French interpretation.
The seventh article is on the late French Revolution.—lt contains
many judicious remarks ; but we do not incline to go deep into po-
litter in this department of our journal, and therefore shall pars to
the next article.

The Bth is on a French "History of Commerce during the Crusades,"
by DEPPING ; and on a German " History of Commerce," by Vol
ty xt H. This article is not long, but contains some good observation.
on commercial antiquities, and the Huskissonian doctrines of free trade.
The 9th, and concluding of the more important articles, in the
Review, hi on the Belgian Revolu'ion. This article proves most clearly,
that the Belgians were not without their grievances; and that their in.
terests, in many respects, were always made subservient to their Dutch
associates. We should be glad to hear what the Times would
the facts in this article, who maintained that the BelAian revolt was
without any cause of complaint. We expressed an opinion, from the
commencement of the revolution, quite in coincidence with this artielv.
The Review contains, in addition to the articles mentioned, a variety
of shorter critical sketches, and a valuable panoramic collection of Ilia-
sellaneous Literary Notices from all parts of Europe. We have en.
deavoured to afford our Readers a sketch of this valuable Review. We
hope they will not think we have miaemployed our time.

NA PAL INTELLIGENCL

MAIIJI ARRIVED Tun Day—Dublin, I ; Waterford, 1 ; Gruenney
sod Jersey, 1 ; Hsmburgb, 5; France, 1.
DIAL, Nov. 18.—Wiad N.N.W. to N.W..-Belled the outward-
bound.

Poarsscourn, Nov. 18.—Wind N.W. to N. by W.—Sailed the
Red Rover, Christ., for Van Dlemen's Land ; and Jane, Church, for
New South Wales.
PLYMOUTH, Nov. 17.—Wind W.S. W. moderate.—Sailed the Da' it
of York packet, for Falmouth.
Fmasoirrn, Nov.l7.—Wind S.W. to W. moderate.—Sailed the
Innisfail steamer, for Cork.
Lisratucz. Nov. 16.—Arrived the Minerva, Pain, from Quebec.
Cowls, Nov. 18.—Arrived the Bolus, Casson, from Sc. Domirgo.
Paws, Nov. 16.—Tbe Hope, of Quebec, supposed from Canada.
was fallen in with aoth September, at anchor, on the coast of St.
George, Newfoundland, with loss of mainmast, and no person on
board.
Romig, Oct. 30.—The Gude Verwacbting, hfulen, from Boning.-
burg to Amsterdam, got on Brown's Reef 48th inst. but was got off
the following day, and carried into Wesoe. Cargo discharging.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE 011-740 W, Nov. Is.

The Earl of CRAVEN took the oaths's:id his seat.
Lord LYNDHURST entered the House at five o'clock, and took
his(sest on the woolsack.
Petitions praying for the extinction of slavery were presented from
various parts of the country by the Duke of Grafton, Lord Talbot.
Lord Whamcliffe, Earl Spencer, the Marquis of Cleveland, Lord
Durham, Lord Cawdor, and Lord Calthorpe.

LAW 11[1,011116.
Lord TENTERDEN rose to move the second reading of the five
bills, which his lordship introduced early last week. These bills were
brought in upon the recommendation of his Majesty's cummissionent
appointed to inquire into the practice of the common law courts. The
noble and learned lord observed, that great care and caution was metes.
sary in making alterations in the law, and he could assure their lord.
ships he had bestowed great consideration on the matters tubraitud in
these bills. The first was entitled an act for the more speedy judgment
and exandon in courts of law. It was in substance the same as a bill
which came into Parliament last session. The second was a bill for re.
gulating the forms of pleading. Tl:e third, a bill for improving pro..
ceedings upon mandamus. The fourth, a bill for settling contro.
versies by arbitration ; and the fifth, a bill for the examination of wit.
nesses, t.ubject to regulations. The noble and learned lord entered into
the details of the above measures, but was inaudible below the be..
The bills were severally read the second time, and ordered to be corn.
nitti.d on Monday.
Tile House then adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMM. NS, Nov. 18.
Several Members took the oaths and their seats.
Mr. MUNDAY presented a petition from a perish in Dczby rgainst
Negro Slavery.
Sir J MACKINTOSH postponed his motion respecting the Droits
of Admiralty till December the 3d.
General KING presented a petition from Sligo again-t N gro
Slavery.
Mr. LITTLETON prevented eleven similar pe pions from piaci s in
Staffordshire. He then presented a petition signed by 4.000 persons at
Handley, and other places in the p tteries, for openirg the trade with
China. The petitioners thought that no good was to be effezted by rift..
oouraging machinery—great good vas to be expected from encouraging
the extension of trade.

Lold AL rump could not but express his regret that misguided
men.thould occupy themselves with the destruction of machinery—it
mild lead to no good result—it could only increase dialculties.
LITTLETON coincided in this opinion. and spoke strongly
in popport of the peaceable conduct of the working men in his district.
Petition ordered to be printed.
111r.11'.11ROW NE present ed a petition from Killarney against slavery.
Mr. O'Ct *IN ELL said Ireland was nnan imous agair se negro slavery.
Mr. 1). 13ROWNE presented a petition from Roman Cathol:cs of
Oa:way, praying to be placed on ashnilar footing with Protestants. He
said that he had come to town with the intention of giving independent
support to the Duke of Wellington—but after his Grace's declaration,
he was obliged to oppose the government. The people in the west of
Ireland, in consequence of the Duk•e's conduct on this question hat year,
and of the sliet put upon Mr. O'Connell, were alienated from the
Duke's government.

MALT TAX.
Mr. CURTBIS postponed his motion on the subject of the repeal of
the malt as till after Christmas.
Lend EBRINOTON presented a petition praying for the Reform of
the Borough, and fur parliamentary reform generally.
Mr. Ilt tLDSWORTH said, as there was an election petition re.
speeting the Borough, would it not he calculated to affect the case um.
fairly to present this petition ? He trusted that the petition would be
withdrawn for the present.—.Tbe petition, we believe, was front
Dartmouth.
Lord EBRINOTON said, be abould be vets, sorry to prejudice any
ease before an Election Committee. It it were the sense of the holm
that it should be withdrawn, he would withdraw it.—(Some erica of
withdraw.)
The SPEAKER (being appealed to) said, m the petition tantalised
a good deal of local grievance, it would he for the noble lord to de.
