HOUSE OF COMMONS.

*

side, be, however, drew a tolerable correct inference of what would be
the sort of justice dealt out by the other side, if they had had the ma-
nagement of this great measure,
Mr. W. BANICES said the whole bill was an absurdity, and as
such be should oppose It.
Mr. GURNEY thought the frames of the bill had got into inextri-
cable difficulties ; and bow the house would ever get through the bill
surpassed his comprehension It was a complete radical reform. He
thought the bill would require great attention, and that a year should
be taken to consider it. (Hear, bear.)
Mr. DAWSON denied that he had uttered any absurdities.
though charged with them. With respect to Bceralston, he required
that equal justice should be done to all the boroughs: if the prin-
ciple of population was adopted, Bceralston was precisely under the
same circumstances. as Caine. (Hear.) If the reason for making a
difference between these places should rot be stated, he should con-
tinue his charge of partiality.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said, the learned gentleman (Sir Charles We-
therell) appeared to be more perverse than ever, and it would astonish
him if they were not constantly used to such language from that hon.
gentleman against all governments, when they proposed any thing for
the amelioration of the people. As to the honourable member (Mr.
W. Bankes), did a petition, which he said he had from Marlborough
against the bill, pray that the Marquis of Aylesbury should continue to
nominate for Marlborough ? Marlborough was not, but Caine was, a
flourishing town ; and the amount of population was the criterion. Ile
denied that there was any proof of partiality.
Lord STORMONT asked, whether the parishes or boroughs would
be calculated ?

Lord J. RUSSELL uid, be wouhl have the fullest answers on
Monday, and he trusted that It would then be shown that perfect jus-
tice was observed.

Sir R. PEEL asked, whether the whole schedule A. was to be de-
cided, in asking on Monday, for a division on the first clause ?
Lord J. RUSSELL said, it would be competent to any Member to
move an amendment, if it were thought that any Boroughs were im-
properly included in the schedule.
Lord ALTHOR P observed, that if any one objected to the clause
A. schedule, it would be competent to him to move an amendment.
Sir R. PEEL said, the usual course was to postpone the schedules
to the end of the bill.

Lord J. RUSSELL said, that was the usual course, but if consistent
with the rules of the house, they would include the schedules in the
clauses. He begged the Speaker to state whether that course might be
pursued?
The SPEAKER considered that it would be Irnp•aaiblr to decide
on the first clause without having first ckcided on the schedule A.
That he apprehended must be gone through alphabetically ; and if all
should be negatived, of course there would be no first clause to agree
to. (Laughter.)

PUOVIBION TOR THE QUEEN.
Lord ALTIittRP moved the order of the dayfor the house going
into committee to take into consideration his Majesty's most gracious,
message, that the house would appoint a provision for the Queen, in
case her Majesty should surely: the King.

The SPEAKER having 1.41 the Chair, and the house having re-
solved itself into a committee,
Lord ALTHORP having highly eulogized the Queen, said he
should propose nothing but in accortlar.ce with precedent Former
Queens had 100,0001. voted, and a town residence. Here there was
some difficulty ; for the only house at Ministerial disposal was—Marl-
borough House, and that was under lease to the Duke of Illarlborough,
which did not expire till 1835. He moved that the grant be 100,0001.
tog. thcr with Niatlborough House and Bushy Park.—Agreed to nem.
colt.

After a few words from Mr. CRESSRTT PELHA3I, which were
inaudible in the gallery, but suppotad to be in approval, the resolution
was agreed to.
The house resumed, and the report was ordvred to be received cn
Monday.
Mr. LAMB brought up memorials presented to the Home Office
from several boroughs, correeting the population returns.

SLAV ZR Y.

Mr. HUAI E presented a petition from Glasgow, signed by every
banker and trietchant in that city, for the abolition of slavery.

Mr. BUXTON rose to make his motion for the abolition of I
slavery. He could most sincerely declare that he was not actuated by
any hostile reeling towards the West Indians, who were entangled in a
system, many of them by inheritance, from which they could not easily
escape. Many of them, he knew, would put an end to the system by
any means short of ruin to themselves and families. Entertaining this
opinion, it was impossible he should harbour hostile feelings. The
general complaint they made against those who sought the abolition of
slavery was, that some single act of cruelty was taken, and a gene-
ral conclusion drawn from it. He disclaimed that course, though
caeca existed that would astonish the House ; and there was
scarcely an instance in which the white population had not made
common cause with the criminal. His case was, that the whole slave
population was miserable—that the system was productive of vice and
misery, and ought to be abolished as speedily as possible. The wit.
rinses from the IVest Indies represented slavery as a state of sue.
passing happiness—lett its theoretic evils were more than compensated
by practical blessings. Other witnesses stated, that the theoretic evils
of slavery were nothing compared to its practical evils. Here was a
test for deciding between them—that test was the rate at which
the slave population bad increased or diminished. It was the known
law of nature that population should increase, and it could only be
counteracted by extreme misery. This was a test which the West In-
dians themselves appealed to. It was hereby reasonable. He would
appeal to the population returns. We had in the West Indies 20 colonies,
in four of them no sugar was grown, aid in two but a small quantity
14 colonies remained. In these tip population bad not increased, but
had decreased at a rate that would astonish the house being not less
than 45,800 persons in ten years. This statement was all taken
from documents produced and sworn to by the West Indians them-
selves. If he did not prove that decrease, he proved nothing. In To.
bago ten years ago the females exceeded the males, and the house had been
assured the treatment of slaves in that island was merciful. In 1819 the
slave population was 15,448—in 1829 it was 12,556, being a decrease of
one-sixth of the whole population. If he PI isquoted a single fact, he hoped
he should be corrected at once, as he•had the documents at hand. He kliew
he could not impress on the }souse the full force of that fact—it was tr.a-
thematical proof of the destruction by slavery. It would soon sweep
away all inhabitants, and exterminate the whole negro race in that
island. Be believed the planters there to be as respectable as any where
else. The Governor of the Island said there was the most liberal
feeling towards the slaves there, and no instance of unnecessary cruelty
—but in spite of all that feeling, one-Math of the population perished.
No murder was committed, but one-sixth of the people were de-
stroyed. Individuals were not guilty, but such a dreadful system
ought to be abolished. In Demerara in 1819 the slave population was
83,372, in 1829 it was reduced to 69,000. In Trinidad in 1816 it was
25,000. in twelve years 6,000 are gone. If the saute mortality existed
in London, in fifty years it would be a desert...4W inhabitant would
be left. This is the way population is destroyed in these islands.
In Trinidad the planters were well aware of it, for they had coot-
mously imported slaver., and they now live In hopes that slaves shall be
allowed to be imported there from the other islands, to die like rotten
sheep, as 111 r. Marryott had well expressed it. Soule gentlemen com-
plained of nothing so much as of being too precipitate. In point of
race they were tow tardy. It it were allowed to go on fora single year,
it was at a :rental:penalty ; and in a few years more there would be no
slaves to exterminate, or to save. If he did not forge the facts, there has
been a decrease the last 10 years of 45,8110 persons. Since the abolition of
the slave trade there had been 100,000 of the number then in existence
destroyed. The slave population at that time was 700,000—it was now
less than 600,000. If the house were to refuse to interfere to abolish
this system, the refusal would be to sign the death-warrant or hun.
deeds of thousands, and slavery must be extinguished by the ex-
termination of the slaves. He had a much greater charge against the
system of slavery than be had yet stated. It was the law of nature that
population should Increase.He would take the same people, in the
same countries, and at the same time, and if he did not prove that they
increased, he would admit that he proved nothing. The free blacks of
Demerara in 1811, were 2,900 • in 1825, they had increased to 4,262.
It was proved that 1000 free blacks increase in 25 years from 1000 to
2000; and in the same period and same island, 1000 slaves decreased to
600. While Hayti was a slave colony, i. was subject to a decrease of
population ; and in the last tea years or its being iu that state, thcFrench
imported 150,000 slaves la 1004, when it became free, its population
was 423,000. It was now 932,000. This was a strong proof how
much population, which decreases so rapidly in slavery, increases in
a state of freedom. He defied any man as account for this result
in any other way. [ Mr. Keith Douglas said across the table, Barba-
does.] He knew in Barbadoes the case was something better than in
Trinidad ; but the cause was, that but little sugar was grown in liar.
badoes. In Trinidad we man grows as much sugar as four or five in
Barbadoes. This was his defiance—to produce any circumstance but
slavery to account for the decrease of population. In Hayti, it was
said there existed the greatest demoralization amongst the blacks. He
admitted it all; it established his argument. If the vice bad been less,
the increase of population would be greater. Slavery was to be
charged with decrease and prevention of increase. Ten years ago
the slave population was 650,000 s it ought to have increased
2110,000, instead of which it had decreased 45,000. If this ef-
fect produced operated against the law of nature, there must he a
cause—lt was not mere chance or accident. The question is, whatels
that cause ? Not tbe disproportion of the sexes—the females exceed
the males. It was not war—there has been no war: it was not pesti-
lence—there has been no pestilence; it was not famine—there has bees
no famine: it was not the climate—the climate did not prevent the in.
mimeo( the same race. If any one should say there was any natural
cause, he would ask him why tbe fres blacks increase ? (Hear.) Sure
be was, the cause of the destruction of life was the forced labour. The
law of nature was too strops for any other cause—war, climate, habits
of savage life, vice, and misery, and eves intestine war. The prin.
dple of increase triumphs over all; but is subdued by the cultiva.
don &sugar In the West Indies. Limey thing remain the same, save
slavery, and nothing can prevent increase. This decrease sever extends
to free blacks, nor to domestic slaves; it was confined to field there

Dr. LUSHINTON took the oaths and his seat.
Sir J. VALSH presented a petition from Sudbury, praying that
such places might he allowed to send two members, as at the time of
making the population returns in 1841 the inhabitants, including the
sal urbs, exceeded 4,000.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY' rose to contradict the reported statement
of a member for Essex (Cul. Tyrrel) that be had never said be voted
tOr the Reform Bill, because it would lead to universal suffrage, an.
Lual pi-Laments.. and vote by ballot : he bad uttered the very contrary.
He awed, that be considered the Ecclesiastical Institutions required
much reform as any of the other institutions of the country.
(-dere] TY DRELL said the hcn. mintier has notoriously sought to
t!:,. Church into ridicule anti contempt.
lIA RVEV ten to order. He denied that he had ever said any
t. erg of such tendency, and he Iliad not allow it to be asserted. lie
Irma not put up with any such remarks. He was not the heir appa-
rent to a title, but be was the sod of an independent tradesman, and as
:.,depcntlent as any member there.
The SPEAKER said the House would always protect its Mem.
t t is. lie was confident Hon. Gentlemen would feel the necessity of
t of nempying the time of the house with such observations when Fe-
t .tions presented.
1'..10nt.1 TYRRELL said be was not acquainted with the orders of
the house, but he had not desired to give any personal offence to the
inem...ier for Colchesna.

Mr. WESTERN said he thought his hon. colleague was not justi-
hed in the obscivalionshe had made on the feelings of the hon. member
tot Colches:er towards the established church, which he also appeared
to inlate to him.
oh 'TYRRELL said he by no means meant to impute such send-
o ❑rt:: to his bun. colleague.
An lion. MEMBER (for Bccralstonrasked whether that borough
:0 he taken out of the schedule A. and placed in schedule B.
Lord J Oli N RUSSELL said, Becralston was to remain in schedule
A. for vOrith he would assign the reason in the committee on Monday.
Mr. G. DAWSON asked, would justice be done in the case of the
LLT'llol of C„lue, which, by late returns, appeared to contain but 000
male 9:l!abi!ants

Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, no change was to take place In the
borough t. Caine. He asked the boo. gentleman on what principle it
should be placed in either of the schedules? He wished him to state
the principle.
Mr. G. DAWSON said, the bill was so absurd that he would have
nothing to do with it but to oppose it in all its stages.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said it was the hon. gentleman that was
guilty of absurdity, when he made a charge and shrunk from any
proof, or front proposing any better principle of selection.
Sir C. WETHERELL said he would not content himself by calling
the disfranchisement absurd, it was partial and unjust. There was
trick resorted to for the preservation of the boroughs of friends. These
boroughs had been called bank notes, they were handed about as bank
notes, and given to friends.
Lord J. RUSSELL defied them to prove any lajustice or partiality;
there was no deshe to depart from the rule, be the politics what they
might of parties interested. From the absurdities uttered by the other

.• ' • , '

. '•

and not to children. They Hu to ten years, then they entee into the Me. BURGR said that a committee of inquiry ought to be appointed,
sugar gangs, and the process of death begins. There was the proof as it was imposeihie that the house could legislate for & society of whose
that the decrease was produced by forced labour. It might be asked constitution they were entirely ignorant. The country bad been all
why was the cultivation of huger so destructor ? A Wm; India alung led away by misrepresentation and exaggerated statements.—he
planter, of 28 years standing, let out the mart. It was the intensity ! could speak to this point from a 26 years' experiencewith the colonies,
of labour. The whip was behind them, and produced an intense 'He would remind the house of ibis fact, the subject they were now,
which produced the mortality he had stated. It was not from the whip !called upon to legislate had been tolerated by laws, and on that security
—they did not die under the lash, but from the excess of labour extorted ; British capital bad been vested in the trade and Plantations. It was a
by the fear of the whip. They worked more hours, and the body was certain truth that it was not the proprietors resident In the colonies who
not sustained by the mind—there was no hope, but there was the sick- had formed the opposition, for In 1774 the planters of Jamaica had pea.
ening certainty that neither themselves nor their families would be tinted parliament to suppress the bringing of slaves into the islands, be.
better for their toil. Though they were not flogged to death, yet cause that whatever progress they might make in the civilization of the
punishment took place to an extent that he really could not native slaves. it was inevitably counteracted by the= of those:leg:a
re believe, if not turned and sworn to. (Hear, hear.) From the re. imported, who were ins state of barbarism. It not be
turns it was proved, there were 11,100 punishments in Trinidad in two because manumission had not been attended with evil consequences In
lears; and 20,000 in Demerara in the same time. To those who certain islands, such as Trinidad, small in extent, and prepared ferrate
ooked for amelioration, he would say look at Trinidad. which was an change by previous institutions, that the effect would be similar in those
ameliorated colony. It was perfectly atrocious, abominable, and wicked, islands, such as Jamaica, where the slave population was far more nit.
that we should tolerate such a system. What misery was imposed for memos, and not in the last prepared for emancipation. As to the
the purpose of extorting labour to a degree that was destructive of question of property, he did maintain the existence of a fteiloM
life! If the flogging was not necessary, words could not express property, recognised and sanctioned by the law and the constitution. I
the wickedness of the infliction on persons having the same right to was not opposed to improvement, to ultimate etsuncipation. The co,.
personal freedom as every man who heard him. There might be nial legislature, of which he bad been a member, had proutded on 0: •
some persons who delighted in misery, but he did not charge the plan of gradual though efficient improvements. Thus, the facilitteit.:
West Indians with such a disposition. Murderous cruelty wu but of the emancipation of slaves by the masters, had been folks I
an incident; the constant decrease of life was his case. He held by the extension of religious instruction, next by the admiseio
singly cases of cruelty cheap in the argument. It was the system of slave evidence. (Hear, hear.) But Government discarded this
of murderous process of which all that was heard was, that at the experimental mode of proceeding. Did they even wait for the effects
end of ten years 45,000 human beings were destroyed. He had to be produced by the Order in Council, enacted only nine months
briefly endeavoured to impress upon the House this single up- ante ? With respect to the condition of the slaves, which had been
ment, because it was quite sufficient for the conviction of every one, that described as rather deteriorating than otherwise, he should refer the
the subjects of this country were mowed down with such frightful ra. house to the reports of the clergymen of the established church; they
pidity. He did not press the subject from hostility to the West In- all described them as progressively improving. Honourable members
diens, but because he felt it was a subject that demanded immediate at- had no right to speak of the deficiency of increase in the slave populs.
tension. He was no friend to amelioration, because, from experience, don until the present race had been replaced by a new generation, born
he was sure the attempt would deceive. He considered slavery a crime in the country, and accustomed from their birth to its climate. He core.
which ought to be at once suppressed. It was said property should be plained that, whereas the rights of property were expressly recognized
tenderly dealt with. In tenderness for property, for the last ten years in the resolutions of 1823, they were passed over in silence in those
45,000 lives had been sacrificed. Was the system to continue 1 Pro- of the Noble Lord. The fiscal regulation, or external taxation,
perry should be protected, but not by the destruction of innocent men, by which the noble lord intended to compel the colonies to adopt his
and who were also British subjects. He had but feebly performed his resolutions, was without a precedent. It was tantamout to a direct in.
duty, he should now move that the house would immediately proceed terference in the internal administration of the colonies. Besides, it
to consider measures for the abolition of slavery in the colonies.—(Hear.) , would fall equally on the friends and the opponents of emancipation,
Lord MORPETH seconded the motion. He had forborne to in. on the innocent and the guilty. He opposed the resolutions of the
quire how government meant to deal with the question ; but he found member for Weymouth, because the slaves were not yet ripe for sem.
his qualification to second the motion in five hundred petitions he had cipation ; those of the noble lord, because they misrepresented the ONO.
presented, and in the uplifted voice of the county of York, who lotions of 1823. It was his intention to move an amendment, affirming
elected Mr. Wilberforce, and still referred to him as her favourite the resolutions of 1823, and appointing a Committee to inquire into the
representative. (Hear, hear, hear.) The resolution of his hon. friend present state of the slave population. (Cheers.)
forced upon them the erformance of their duty in the face of mankind Lord HOWICK said he did not feel confidence enough in the cola
and of Heaven. The state of things required this proceeding. If it nial legislature, to leave the syst mof amelioration to their care. It was
became the house to command in 1823, it became them to execute apparent, from the tone of their discussions, and from divers acts which
now. (Hear, hear.) The whole subject was attended with much dill. they had passed, that they endeavoured to mar improvement as much as
culty ; but it was also attended with so much that was intolerable that it lay in the it power. The council of protection was useless, if not worse
became the house to face the difficulty which gained strength front their than useless; it was a device to get rid of responsibility. He felt pa.
own faint-heartedness. (Hear, hear.) Single instances of cruelty were suaded that had any one Individual had to deal with the case of Kitty
not safe grounds of legislation, and his honourable friend had acted most Hylton on his own responsibility, the result would have been diif~
judiciously in calling attention to the rapid decrease of human life fcrent. The assemblies had done very Hale to ameliorate the esaiNisn
; amongst me field negroes in sugar colonies, which, being opposed to of the slaves. The whip for females was not prohibited, and no rem
the law of nature, carried its own condemnation in its forehead. If talons were enforced to prevent the reparation of families, without which
Parliament did not speedily interfere, the horrors of slavery itself civilization could not proceed. He denied that there was any inculps.
would effect what philanthropy had failed to accomplish, and the whole don in the proposed amended resolutions ; they denied that the
race of negroes would be consigned to the graves of the Carribs. He Assemblies had adopted any adequate measure, but they did no more,
had read one of the last tracts of the enemies of abolition, a letter from and was not that the fact? What had been done by the Jamaica As.
Mr. Gladstone, of Liverpool, to the right hon. member for Tamworth, sembly was considered the ssitimatem of its liberality. That As.
which sweepingly condemned every plan of abolition that had been pro- sembly declared there was no dispensing with the whip, even towards
posed. 31r. Gladstone himself asked, was slavery to be perpetual in females. He denied that he desired to abandon the policy of the
the colonies ? and said he could Doe give an answer whether that system resolution of 1823, or to be regardless of the right of property; but
should cease, which GOD had permitted in certain climates from tile still the sin of holding in slavery was of so deadly a character, of so
formation of society. Yes, Goo had permitted the existence of the in. deep a dye, that if the abolition could be done at once safely, he would
question and persecution—of tyranny sod oppression—of war and mur. declare—adopt it immediately. (Hear.) He owned he had here great
der ; but far be it from him to infer the sanction from the existence. ‘Vhy difficulty, because he had to oppose the original resolution; but he must
should climate be made a justification of slavery ? Vas it supposed the do so, till some practical plan of immediate and secure abolition could
natives of the Tropics were not capable of freedom ; he would refer to be devised. He could not contemplate without a shudder the adop-
Touissant and Bolivar for the refutation. (Hear, hear.) He knew it don of such a resolution, without an accompanying measure for
would be said that property in slaves had been long sanctioned by the the emancipation a resolution that would inform the slave, on the
Legislature, and that slate-owners should be compensated for their loss authority of that House, that he ought to be so no longer. He agreed
by its abolition. To whatever fair claim they could urge he should pay with Mr. Canning, that the abolition, to be safe and useful, must
the greatest attention. But was the system prosperous.? What was be gradual, and that it must be done through the planter. To at.
the tale of distress which its abettors were constantly pouring in their tempt to proceed without such party co-operating, would promote the
ears. (Hear, hear.) It might be called fanaticism—that should not most fatal results • and further, the slave must be gradually prepared
prevent the declaration of his opinion. The system appeared to him to for a state of freedom s his fetters must be removed link by link,
labour under omnipotent displeasure--its failure kept pace with its to enable him properly to enjoy emancipation from his present tbral.
faults. Let them pursue the precepts of Divine Revelation—to bind up dour. To accelerate such a state of things, an amended order of Coun.
the broken-hearted—to proclaim liberty to the captive, and it was his cil was now in progress of preparation. That would be sent out to
hope that the country would receive an abiding reward; but, at all the colonies, with the direction for its adoption without the alters.
events, they would have dune their duty, and they might with confidence don of word. (Hear.) It was not interference with internal re.
leave the result to Heaven. (Hear, hear.) guiations that was sought by the government, but he avowed that
Mr. K. DOUGLAS said that the hon. member for Weymouth hal the amended order in council was meant u a measure of coercion.
taken up new grounds on the question, and that be had set aside all The circumstances called for it, and there was no evading the pro-
consideration of the resolution of 1823, and come at once to an Mne& ceeding—the progress of events rendered the adoption of some
ate demand for emancipation. The hon. member proceeded to illus. such measure compulsory. The order would direct that there must be,
trate, by quoting the censuses of different colonies, that the data upon in the first instance, the banishment of the whip as regarded females ;
which the hon. member had laid most stress, was founded on fallacy. and, secondly, that se far as regarded male slaves, more than 15 lashes
Ile said that a committee 'should be appointed to investigate the real should not be inflicted within 24 hours, and none inflicted till within six
state of the West ludia affairs, and had die hon. member made that the hours after the offence. This would change the use of the whip from
object of his motion, he (Mr. Douglrs) would have been the tint man that of driving to that of punishment; it would not allow it to be used
to have supported him. as an incitement to labour. That change he would contend was calculated
Lord ALTHORP said be was convinced of the benefit that would to effect the most beneficial results. He was surprised to have heard
be derived from the discussion being conducted coolly and dispassion. the hoe. and learned gentleman declare that they could not adopt
ately, as it was one that involved much importance' and be felt it to be arbitrary measures regarding the planters' property. Did they not
his duty at this stage of the proceedings to state to the house the way in in various measures for the general welfare interfere with property,
which his hlajesty's Ministers meant to treat the question. He had where there was not the shadow of doubt about the right of pos.
always been desirous to see the period arrive when emancipation of the session, in every turnpike road or railway bill ?—( Hear, hear.) The
slaves could be effected (hear, hear) ; but the object which he had in argument was not tenable. By the order it was proposed than the slave
view, in always supporting such measures as had come before the should be enabled to purchase his freedom, and by degrees, if so die-
house was with a view to the amelioration of their condition, that they posed—(hear)—also that parents might purchase the freedom of their
might by education ultimately lead to emancipation and freedom of the children. They were not in their tender years worth much to the mu.
slaves. It was a question of the greatest delicacy, and required to ter, and therefore steps for their purchase might be easily commenced.
be treated with the greatest caution. The Hon. Member had acted The government did not seek to adopt a measure that might bepopular,
very properly in the temperate manner be had adopted; but he they sought to proceed gradually, safely, and usefully. He, tLerefore,
(Lord Althorp) had decided objections to the motion of the honour. called on the house to give their measures a tri .L He hoped the house
able gentleman. He was not exactly prepared to say that the slave would pause before it adopted so decided a course u that proposed by
population were nor in a state for immediate emancipation ; but he she resolution. If the measures should fail to palm Works:id malts,
had another objection to the motion—it was not sufficiently explicit. then he would be ready to consider the course adopted by the original
—The resolution merely implied that immediate emancipation was reselation. He admitted the principle, that it was the bounden duty of
necessary ; and without saying more this might be attended with very the house to put an end to the abominable system—still he hoped the
bad consequences on its being known in the West Indies. In 1823 Honourable Member for Weymouth would be disposed not to press his
resolutions bad been passed with a view to the accomplishment of resolution, but to allow the propositions of government to be carried
gradual emancipation, and these orders in council had been circulated into effect. (Hear, hear.) His lordship apologised for the imperfect
to the autborities of the colonies; and his boa friend, he thought, manner in which he had stated the views of government, and thanked
ought not to have asked the house to go farther now than he was pre. the house for its indulgence.
pared to do at that period. Subsequently to these resolutions, there Mr. STUART me the hon. member for Weymouth credit for sin.
had been some new regulations adopted in several of the colonies, eerity ; but he trusted that they would not fail to extend due and anxious
though they had certainly not been effective; but he had now called consideration to the cue of the West India Interests. He begged to
upon the house fur immediate emancipation. Certainly it was not say all the provisions a the previous resolutions or directions of the
without notice to the West Indian proprietors; for they had had Government, with three exceptions, bad been adopted by most of the
often and repeated warning. He (Lord Althorp) had repeatedly colonial assemblies--those three were regarding compulsory menu.
heard the late Mr. Canning say, while speaking in the house on mission, removal of slaves from the land, and granting freedom to
the question, that the time must come when measures would of neces. children born after a certain day. The justice of having paused on
shy be taken, to show that the revolutions of 1823 must be complied those points, be thought, could be shown. The too sudden manumis-
with, and that the proprietors should be shown that the house was In sion of the slaves would be attended with the most fatal results. He
earnest. The West India interest need not, therefore, be surprised if maintained that the legislative assemblies had done much to ameliorate
such wee the cue now. This purpose might be accomplished in two the condition of the slaves; they were ready to do more—all
ways, one was to legislate in parliatuent to enforce those laws in the colo. that was practicable. (Hear, bear.) To show what was to be ex.
nies,,but he ord Althorp) would be unwilling to adopt such measures, ported from the blacks if left to themselves, he mentioned that St. Do.
yet, if the West India interests persevered, such must ultimately ming°, which was once a garden, was now a wilderness, and its trade
be the means to be resorted to. He most heartily agreed with diminished in an extraordinary degree. It was proved that free labour,
his honourable friend in his object, but he considered that his motion adequate to the wants of the colonial, could not be procured, even if it
was not calculated to gain the end that he had in view. He were now practicable consistently with the rights of propat. The
(Lord Althorp) would not negative the motion of the honourable principle of confiscation had been yielded, but he could not p
es-
nmeutber fur eyntouth, but as soon as the resolutions he had brought pressing, and he did so with regret, ids belief that there was a spirit
forward were disposed of, his Lordship said he would bring for. rising up, that was very adverse to our West India colonies. (Hear.)
ward a few resolutions of his own, which he would submit to the Indulgence in that spirit would be very fatal to the safety of those cob-
house. The Noble Lord read the resolutions to which he alluded, nice. If there were wrongs, let them be redressed; but they ought to
which were in substance, that as the resolutions which bad been inquire, and on inquiry found legislation. (Hear, bear.)
made in 1823 had not en effective, and that the house was con. Mr. SYKES declared that in his opinion there could be no comm.
vinced of the necessity of an alteration in the state of the slave popu. mime ; the evil was so abominable and extensive, that they could not
lotion, the instructions contained in the resolutions of 1828 ought ins. compound with it, and therefrom he hod intended to support the origi-
mediately to be acted upon, and measures adopted for the more ample nal resolution. But after what be hod beard from the noble laidea—
amelioration of the slaves. His Lordship then proceeded to explain, (Althorp and Howick) be was disposed colones subs prim*" of the
that the means he proposed to call into action were the vigilant ob. cause of the abolition in the hands of the government. He mid not
'errancy of these raolutiuns, by making certain provisions regarding but express His astonishment that it should have been said that the as.
the West India produce, which would make compliance the Interest semblies had adopted nearly all the rordstions which they were
of the proprietors. This be considered a much better plan to pursue, requited to enact, when in foe it was lISIOdOWS that they bad scarcely
—to give them an interest in compliance rather than to legislate adopted any one of importunes. Tboamsnid order in Council now
OD coercive measures; the tsetse mode, he repeated, he was most unwil- about to be sent out, might have a bettor Aso than what hadtrostbd
ad ling to opt ; but, if necessary, the proprietors must of course be con- it—but he must say, that DO Goverment cosh% hope to have ma-
rioted by such measures that they must yield to the resolutions of the dence of this country that did net rinetteely sod essonstly miry hod, to
House, and the recommendations of his Majesty's Government. We the promotion of the great cause at altera _blag adsulal dastsrp
were asking nothing from the West Indian Colonies but what has been Mr. H. TW 188 expressed his worst dist time &add be shown, as
proved to be safe, and has been found to answer in other colonies.-- thus was, a disposition to recede has the moshadm of 1823. TOO
One objection would be started to his proposition he was aware, measly, peledpis of those tesolutions was, to puerile Ist the podual Lydia's'
that it operated more against the proprietors residing in this sonstry of downy; but now they were to be alledida M lea iousegia
than on the proprietors residing in the West Indies; bat he could set amostipliss, and to disregard all the flews mad millias of posplurk
see it in that light, for, as it regarded the market of their products, b must To the resolutions of 1823, the bon. mambor ffir liforsosth woo a
affect them alike. The bad effects would only be felt by such coludes as party ; they were the result Os wids him. If it hod boon
resisted. If these resolutions did not have the desired effect, they must said that the resolutions wadi to an eilsosive antelimatieno err
abandon mild measures and proceed with other steps. His resolutions any thing like emancipation of the slaves in seven yonos".ffist In
ban solely in view the amelioration of the state of the slaves, preparatory so short a time they could prima the work of three et Aar 810.
to their ultimate emancipation. They had been adopted in the Crown notions—he should have mob bawd the judgment of Olin his.
colonies, and in them there was an Important officer appointed, called the member. But that bon. astir, In UM, bad expected so such
Slave Protector. It had been urged by hon. gentlemen on the other side rapid result ; on the Olitemay, be thin mut, shot be cads, ex'
at the house that erroneous notices were entertained by the house on the petted the emandpatiss is be dblesi , mai sot without being
question of the stare of the population of the colonies; and that a corn. the work of yews. That was euiveu quite at variance
mina of enquiry ought to be appointed. He (Lord Altborp) did not with what was now avowed, and the pelnire now proposed. Be 'f-
etich's argument on that fact alone. He was satisfied that there was no greeted the language need by tie Out!- rot Y the maw of the pm-
hon. member in that house who was not convinced that slavery was a scot discussion • MI boa employed ilia Might I" bin
state of society which it was desirable that this country should get rid usefully omitted. admiNsi the alt she Aumbliss bed ass dm ou
of.—(Hear, Wear.) No advantagesg could accrue from a committee which that
dec on ths sanguine seppeissmit &Asko ad& fra• Enka Nem*
. would be prot! Jetty.: of any be lgolked bus allbsted. 11.8 yesssiabos at dig atfaaablishia

been rather severely criticised t—the punishment of the whip, as regard-
ed females, was not repealed in England till 1822. But did that prove
that England had not been advancing in civilisation ? And if that
remark applied to England, might it not be extended to Jamaica ?
He dreaded the effects of any sudden and decided measure ' • if any
one were adopted—knowing what had happened in St. Domingo,
and the Bahamas—a most awful responsibility would be imposed on
those who should sanction immediate abolition. (Hear.) In 1823,
the Hon. Member for Weymouth admitted that the slave was not
" ripe for liberty."—Tbat was true, but since then much had been
done to improve the moral character of the slaves, and successfully;
vet he was prepared to contend that the slave was not now ripe for li.
berty. That being the case, the adoption of any sudden measure would
not only be injurious to the slave, and to property, but to the ultimate ad.
vantage of the slaves sought to be benefited. He hoped all would pause
before they thought of adopting any such decided course. He also
implored the government to pause before it persevered in such
language as had been used, and to hesitate before it was resolved
to adopt measures of "coercion," to quote the Noble Lord's language,
towards the colonic, especially remembering the temper in which many
of them now were. That applied particularly to Jamaica, where, as
regarded this country, considerable alienation of feeling had taken place.
(Hear.) That being the case, he regretted that any expressions,
calculated to irritate, were used. In conclusion he had only to remark
that should any proposition for inquiry be made, it should have his
support ; but that, whether any such proposition were made or not, be
thought the amplest enquiries ought to be enforced previously to the
adoption of any sudden and decided measures such as now seemed to be
contemplated.
Dr. LUSHINGTON said, that the progress of the debate had
given hint this satisfaction—no member had risen avowedly in defence
of slavery. He was old enough in these discussions to remember that
when the abolition of slavery was heretofore contended for, the neces.
airy of its being continued was urged : nay, there were even those who
went so far as to declare, that if the negro slave trade were abolished,
the West Indies would soon be lost to England. He rejoiced to find
that opinion on these points had materially changed, The Learned
Doctor replied at great length to the arguments of the Honourable
Member opposite (Mr. Twigs), by documents which he produced and
read. He said, that the coloured population in the colonies were ex.
xnsive proprietors of slaves, and that he was instructed by them to
say that they were ready to give up all their slaves if Government re-
quired it, and that they would stand up in defence of whatever measure
government might dictate. He cited a number of instances that had
recently occurred, where the power of the Attorney. General to punish
enormous atrocities had been rendered unavailing by the combination of
the juries. He particularly noticed the case of the Rev. Mr. Bridge. The
learned doctor said, that Wesleyan missionaries had been the means of
doing great service to the slave population, and that they had unjustly
been censured. The resolutions of 1823, proposed to be enforced by the
motion of the Lord Chancellor, must not be left to the administration of
the authorities of the colonies, but must be entrusted to the same descrip-
tion of authorities that had been appointed in the crown colonies. It
was futile to argue upon the impracticability of emancipation, for the
present state of Mexico was a proof set' Its practicability. Equally
without foundation was the assertion it would distress the planters.
He recollected perfectly that in the year 1807 he was one of a committee
of inquiry appointed by the house to sit on the West India affairs, and
the evidence then produced showed that for 30 years before that period
the planters had been in great distress, and during all that time they
had the full liberty and unlimited exercise of the slave trade. He
hoped that some measure really effectual would be adopted In tke
West Indies.

Sir R. PEEL animadverted on the vituperation which he said the
learned Doctor had used, and denounced such a mode of treating the
question as being highly censurable. The hon. baronet spoke at great
length, and in particular cautioned the House against pledging them-
-elves to any resolution that night. He said the resolution which the
noble lord the Chancellor of the Exchequer would ask them to pledge
•hemsclves was to impose an extra duty on such colonies as refused to
:omply with the instructions of the Government ; and that that was a
measure in which they might inflict punishment on Innocent Jodi-
viduals, .113, according to the statement of the learned Doctor, the
coloured population were willing to comply, but they might be not so
strong in influence as the white population ; yet, as that mode of legis-
lation could not be applied to individuals, but must be acted upon in
whole islands, the innocent would be involved in the punishment of the
guilty. He thought that if the house possessed one spark of spirit,
that they would not yield to the proposition, but would resiat pledging
thamselves to such a measure.

Mr. BARING thought the people of England bad, with the
best possible intentions, been led away with calumnious exagge.
rations and misrepresentations. Whatever the house might do be hoped
they would appoint a Commitee to inquire into the facts, whether.the
picture of West Indian life laid before the house was true or false. He
believed the statement was essentially false. He should like to hear
the fact of decrease of numbers and its cause inquired into. If a Com.
mince were to inquire into the fact without that sort of passion which
had unfortunately been too busy with the subject—and if that house
came to the conclusion that slavery should be abolished, to inquire how
it could be done. In his opinion slavery In the West Indies could
not be abolished. To suppose that the slaves would at once, when
emancipated, become voluntary labourers, was a wild idea ; and of all
the imprudent motions that were ever made he thought that of his
Honourable Friend was the most imprudent. The. 6,609 petitions pre-
anted on the question, all had their origin in one shop. (A laugh.)
The opinion of the people had become worse and worse on the subject,
and the House must do something on the subject to satisfy the people.
The subject should be satisfactorily inquired into, and the House should
come to some sober decision. He had no hesitation in coming to a re.
solution that the resolutions of 1823 should be immediately enforced on
the colonies. The House must either legislate directly for the West
Indic,:, or they must coax the West Indies, or they must force the
11%st Indies. He thought what was to be done, should be done through
the colonial legislatures. He could see no great objection to threatening
the legislatures, that unless they conformed to the orders in council of
18.:3, the House would impose discriminating duties.
Toe ATTORNEY.GENERAL said, the speech of the hon. gcn.
tleman who had just sat duwn was a complete answer to the right hon.
baronet, who said the house was hampered by the resolutions of 1823,
passed by the government of which the right Pion. baronet was a member.
Mr. Canning in 1823 said, he was willing to try admonition with the
colonies; he hoped it would not be necessary to harrass them by fiscal
regulations ; and he hoped no one contemplated crushing them by force.
It was quite clear that the admonition having failed, the question was
whether the course of fiscal regulations should be resorted to. He was
surprised at the conclusion of his hon. friend—to suppose that every
well informed man and woman In this country did not know
as much of the state of West India slavery as any Committee of the
House could bring before it. He thought delay war not merely
trifling with the people of doors, but with their own consciences.—.
(Hear.) It was said the cases of cruelty were gross exaggerationsl
Good GOD! could any one say so? Could any man of honour say he,
believed there was one particle of exaggeration in the case of Kitty
Hilton.? And this atrocity took place in a Welsh colony, and a
Grand Jury stifled the inquiry. This Was the nature of slavery which
this horse was pledged to abolish, and which the West India legisla.
tures were determined to support. The evidence proved this was the
senstant state of slavery. The honourable and learned Gentleman
concluded by observing, that the house was bound in honour and con.
sistency to vote for the resolutions.
Sir R. PEEL and Lord HOWICK explained.
Mr. HUNT rose and proposed an adjournment of the debate.
Mr. O'CONNELL seconded the motion.
After a few words from Lord ALTHORP, which were inaudible in
the gallery from the loud cries of " Go on," " Adjourn, adjourn," the
:iuestion of adjournment till Tuesday week was put and carried.
EAST INDIA CHARTER.
Mr. R. GRANT said, that as the Charter of the East India Com
pany expired in 1834, and as there stood in the 3 per Cents. a debt of up.
wards of twelve hundred thousand pounds sterling against the said coin-
patty, he therefore moved that the usual notice be conveyed to the F.'s.
India Company.—Agreed to.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, it
was ordered that the House, at its rising, do adjourn to Monday.
Several petitions in favour of the Reform Bill, were then presented,
.nd the House adjourned at Haar-rasr Two o'CLocn.

His Majesty will give grand dinners at the palace at St.
kines's on the 21st and 27th inst. The latter dinner is to
the bishops, Irish as well as English.
Who could have expected, so early as 1831, to see the
Parisians restoring the statue of Napoleon, on whom they
turned their backs in 1815. The statue in question was put
up in 1810, without the knowledge of Napoleon, by Denon,
who planned the column. A few days after, Denon was
riding with his master from St. Cloud to the Tuilleries.—
What, said Napoleon, have you been putting on the co-
:man ? Only a finish, said Denon. They approached nearer.
It's like a statue, said he :—it is one, said Denon. Pre-
sently, he exclaimed—Denon, you've played me a trick,
and exposed me to remark and envy. I am sorry
to see what it is but I forgive you ! When
Alexander arrived in Paris, and beheld the statue on the
':olutnn overlooking all Paris—lie exclaimed with astonish-
ment—this man hail a towering ambition ! Wellington had
the honour of causit:g it to be taken down, and the white fag
to be set in its place ; but the white flag was in comparison
%0 puny an object, that the substitution first brought the
bite flag into ridicule and then contempt. Louis gave Wel-
lington the statue, but its being replaced, proves that it
never was brought from Paris. Its restoration is a slap-trap
to the Perier ministry, intended to make the people forget
Italy, Poland, and Belgium ! What a mistake !

LONDON.
SATURDAY, APRIL 16.

••• We beg leave to inform our friends in Leeds, that Mr.
MAIN, Central Market, has obligingly undertaken to receive Orders,
Advertiscments, and Intelligence for the Stab, in regard to that Town
and Vicinity. .

We refer our readers to an article, under our foreign
news, extracted from the German Papers received this
afternoon, respecting a mediation in the Polish affairs.
We hope the Poles are now in a condition to make their
own terms; but nothing has to-day transpired to add or de-
tract from the credit which some may, perhaps, attach to
what appeared in our Paper yesterday as a rumour, and
assumed the following form in the Morning Chronicle of
this day :

A letter received by Estafette yesterday, front Paris, has
the following:—
PAan, Wednesday Evening.
" The news of Diebitsch and his Army having been
taken is confirmed."
We know• not what authority the above statement is en-
titled to. We need hardly say we wish it true!

This day we insert the corrected Population Lists, on
which will be founded the assignment of Members, and
the disfranchisement of Boroughs, under the new bill.
It was impartial to make the returns of 1821 the basis of
the measure, but just to give to all places their present ac-
tual rank ; for much excitement would have been created, if
returns bad been generally sought, before the measure had
been brought forward. Further information proved also,
that the return of 1821 did not exhibit the concen-
trated population of a place, because subsurbe are
often in adjoining parishes, expressed separately in
the Population Returns ; and in other cases such parishes
were combined, and then iucluded some distance in the
surrounding country. The object being, however, to con-
fer representation uniformly, either in accordance with the
concentrated population, or with that of the parishes in
juxta-position, so new and discriminating returns, with re-
ference to the precise object, became necessary ; and these,
in the list, we this day lay before our readers, we believe ex-
clusively.

By means of this list, every place may determine for it-
self, what will be its fate under the bill. If it contain less
than 2,000 inhabitants, it will be wholly disfranchised. If
above 2,000, and less than 4,000, it will return one mem-
ber ; and if above 4,000 it will return two members, as
heretofore. But with those who now exercise the franchise,
all £lO householders will be associated, during the lives of
those who enjoy the right, by usage or privilege.
Now, in preparing such corrected returns, and in yielding
to the Government of figures, there is not only perfect
fairness, and unquestionable impartiality, but a rigorous ad-
herence to the original principle of the Bill. It would have
been unreasonable and capricious to bind places, by errors or
discrepancies, in an old list ; and no possible conduct could
be more fair, consistent, and correct, than to procure
corrected returns; yet the Boroughmongers and the
Opponents of the Bill, with that false logic, by
which they have misgoverned for a century, aro, in a tone
of insolence, carping at the reasonable and just course
adopted, and affecting to pretend that the principle of the
Bill is thereby changed !

11 Driven to such absurd and shallow reasoning, the worth
of their cause may be estimated by the meanest understand-
ling. They now desire to make it appear, that if the cor-
rected returns had not been procured, they should heartily
have approved of the bill ; but the truth is, that all their former
objections arose from asserted errors, and discrepancies, in
the lists ; and this course of argument being destroyed, by
corrected lists, they gnash their teeth, and cry aloud that
the principle is changed—or, alas ! in other words, that
they have lost the benefit of all argument, in opposition to
a measure which, happily for the world, will put an end to
their wicked and profligate career.
We call our Readers' attention to the interesting
extracts wbich we this day exclusively publish, from
a " Singapore Chronicle," just received, by a ship
from that Settlement. It will be seen, that the American
Government is earnestly applying itself to propitiate
commercial connection, with the Islands in the Pacific.
We believe our own government is fully aware of the im-
portance to future British Commerce, to retain a paramount
influence in that quarter of the Globe ; and we hope, among
the multifarious and distracting objects, which occupy the
Colonial Department, this distant point, in which British
interests should be preserved, has not been neglected.
We have often taken occasion to declare our opinion, that
no opportunities should be lost to obtain British sovereignty,
or at least British paramount influence, over the various
Islands which stud the ocean. There is an unjust clamour,
very predominant among a certain class of Politicians against
Colonies—arguing from abuse against use. But Bri-
tain is in a state to pour forth its swarms. Res-
traint on such—the law of nature—was always absurd
and noxious. Encouragement is wise; or at least it is
unwise, not to dissipate the obstructions, which ignorance

and prejudice set up against the Daiwal destiny cftl.e human
race. Man, perhaps it may be generally said, was never
too numerous for happiness, provided the state of society were
organised appropsiately to their numbers ; but that has sel-
dom, or never been the case ; and the consequence has been
at all times, as it is now here, that inconveniences, de-
structive of happiness, are experienced. Let the Legis•
lator call forth, more efficiently, the energies of
the people ; or, rather, let him clear away the
existingobstructions to their energies, and all will be right.
One of those energies is, to have free power of locomotion ;
and the indulgence of this natural propensity is not only
remedial of individual present distress, but, we maintain,
preservative of the future permanence of British authority in
the Globe. A Nation establishing Colonies, is like a parent
of a large family, settling off his children to be the supporters
of his age.

In the House of Lords, last night, Lord ROSEDERRY
presented a petition from the intelligent Society for the En-
couragement of Industry, urging the adoption of Poor Laws
in Ireland. Lord LIM ERICK opposed the idea, and Lord
TE NII AM supported it.
Two petitions were presented against the Beer Bill.
On the presentation of a Reform petition, the Duke of
NEWCASTLE justified the representation of Boroughbridge,
and compared the influence on members in the royal house-
hold with that of patrons. He wished parliament to avail
itself simply of the voluntary surrenders that had been made,
and to let the reform end there.

The Duke of RICHMOND asked him whether, if Sir C.
WeTtietteLL supported the bill, he would continue mem-
ber for Boroughbridge ?
To which the Duke of Newcastle, with great naivete,
replied, that he would in that case, not be allowed to retain
his seat ! So much for the independence of the members for
Boroughbridge, and other rotten boroughs !
In the House or COMMONS, Mr. HARVEY explained
his opinions about the Church establishment, as misrepre-
sented by Colonel TYRRELL ; but the latter reiterated his
charges, for which the Speaker called him to order, and Mr.
Wesreas stated that Col. TYRRELL had gone out of his
way, to assail Mr. HARVEY.

A discussion of considerable length arose between Mr.
BLACKETT, Lord JOHN RUSSELL, Mr. G. DAWSON, Sir
C. WETHERELL, Mr. W. BANKES, Mr. HUDSON GUR-
NEY (Member for Newton), Lords STORMOUNT acid
EASTNon, and Sir R. PEEL, in which jealousy was evinced
of the correctness of the returns in the STAR of this day,
and the retention of Caine, treated as a favour to the Mar-
quis of LANsnowHE.

Lord Joiix RUSSELL, and the supporters, justified the
returns ; and stated that figures alone determine Schedule
(A) for total disfranchisement, and also (B.) for reduction of
one member. Great anxiety was expressed to know whether
the mere town, or the parish, was to be considered ; but Lord
JOHN declined to answer till Monday.
On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, it was agreed, with-
out any dissenting voice, to make the same allowance,
£lOO,OOO per annum, to the present QUEEN, in case of the
demise of the Kiwa, as had been allowed to Queen
CHARLOTTE.

Mr. Ronwsow urged the propriety of conceding a Legis •
lature to Newfoundland, and Lord Howicx said it was
under consideration.

Mr. BUXTON then commenced the main business of the
evening; and, in as feeling, eloquent, and impressive speech
as ever had been heard in Parliament, described the wretched
and hopeless condition the Slaves, who, in the Torrid Zone,
are compelled to prepare the European luxuries, of sugar,
rum, &c. Slavery, it appears, decreases the black popula-
tion as two to one, and manumission in:tresses it as
one to two; so that the 700,000 Slaves in the West Indies,
are now reduced to 600,000, and the continuance of sla-
very- would therefore be the death-warrant of thousands. He
moved a Resolution to the following effect : " That the
Home had, on the 15th of May, 1823, recognised to the
full extent, the expediency of abolishing Colonial Slavery,
and passed a Resolution, recommending melsures to be
taken with that view ; but that, during the eight years
which had since passed, the Colonial Assemblies had not
adopted adequate measures to carry this recommendation
into effect ; that the House was impressed with a convic- I
tion of the impolicy, inhumanity, and injustice of Colonial
Slavery, and would proceed forthwith to devise means for
abolishing it throughout the British dominions." 1

Lord MORPETII seconded the motion, and ably enlarged
on the nefarious character of the system.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS stated that he should recommend a
committee to enquire and illustrate the entire subject.
Lord AL't Ho RP stated, that he had always been friendly
to the measure; Lut that it was a delicate question, and
that the slaves were not in a state qualified for emancipation.
He thought a committee would not add to our knowledge;
and advised that, for the present, the house should merely
enforce the existing laws, for the protection of the slaves,
and the amelioration of their condition, and he moved
amendments to that effect.

Mr. BURGE objected, because the stake was a produce of
sixteen millions per annum, and no were not sufficiently ac-
quainted with colonies at so great a distance. He should,
however, prefer a committee of inquiry.
Lord How ICK adopted the same line of argument as Lord
Althorp, and ascribed all the difficulties to the reluctance of
the Colonial Assemblies, to adopt the wishes of the British
Legislature.

Mr. STEWART said, that all the West India Interest de-
sired was unflinching inquiry.
Mr. Twiss thought the discussion pregnant with danger,
and lamented the obstacles which were locally opposed to
the resolutions of that House in 1823.

Dr. LUSHINGTON congratulated the H?use, that no one
advocated Slavery ; and hoped, whatever might be the fate
of the Resolution, emancipation was at hand.
Sir R. PEEL opposed the Resolutions, and entered a
length into the difficulty of coercing the Colonial Assemblies.
Mr. A. BARING said, they must either legislate directly
for the West Indies—coax the West Indies—or force the
West Indies. He was for a Committee of Inquiry.

• r:y

11v, ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with greit eloquence, de-
precated the system of Slavery, and supported the amend-
ments of Lord ALTIIORP.

Mr. HUNT then moved an adjournment, which being
seconded by Mr. O'CoN NELL, the House adjourned at hall
put two o'clock.

r'OREIGN INTELLIGLSCE.

FRONTIERS OF SILESIA, MARcit 31 —lt Is very geue,
rally believed, that the great Powers. moved by the heroic
efforts of the Poles, have been ins Fired aid' a desire to
take some steps in their favour ; and to induce the E.niperos
of Russia to 'thew borne indulgence to a nation, which ha:,
indeed committed great faiths, but I.as . many ex-
cuses to allege for its illegal conduct. It is be.
lieved, that the Emperor will not be displeased at a medi-
ation which must correspond with his own humane feelings,
and save from destruction a nation, and a country belonging
to him, whose preservation and prosperity are as much fns
the interest of Russia, as of the Poks. It is difficult to
calculate what sacrifices must be made by both parties, if the
contest should be prolonged ; and it cannot be dissembled,
that if the honour of the Russian crown requires that it
should make itself obeyed anti respected. it is equally ins
portant for it to prevent the desolation of a country, which,
under whatever form it may be, must remain subject to the
Russian sceptre. The Emperor has no longer any intentiati
of incorporating the kingdom of Poland with the Russian
empire : he will have it placed under a distinct government,
with free institutions ; and if he has not yet foimally ex-
plained himself to this effect, the reason is to be sought in
the vicissitudes of the fortune of war, which have kept
the Poles from repentance and submission, which
were demanded at the very outset, in too positive a
manner. Now that the Polish diet has several times shown
itself disposed to negotiations, to which Count Diebitsch
was not authorised to accede, the mediation of friendly
powers ; on 1 eing assured of the more favourable sentiments
of the Emperor, might be of the happiest effect in leading
to an amicable arrangement. It is greatly to be wished, that
the intervention of the powers may lead to a happy and
speedy conclusion, as the Poles are ready to fight to the last,
and rather to perish, than to survive the disgrace of seeing
the name of their illustrious nation effaced from the list of
European states. They receive pecuniary assistance from
several quarters. Many Polish officers in foreign service
have left, to assist their distressed countrymen —Allgemeine
Zeitung, April 9.
VIENNA, APRIL 2.—General Chlopicki hat been here
for some days. It is said he will try the effect of the waters
in the neighbourhood of Baden. The report that negociations
are on foot, for the amicable arrangement of the affairs of
Poland, gains ground. It is said to-day, that the Cabinets
of Berlin and Vienna have undertaken the mediation ;
and will each send a negociator to Warsaw. These pacific
reports, and the favourable news from our army in the Papal
States, have caused our Bank Shares to rise to-day to 985.
The two negotiators above alluded to, are said to be Gen.
Langenan for Austria, and Gen. Muffling for Prussia.—
Nuremburg Correspondent, April 8.
ITALY.—MILAN, APRIL 4.—Since the engagement of
Catolica, the Italian patriots under the command of Zucchi,
pressed in front by the Austrian army, and in the rear by a
column of 12,000 men, who had passed through Tuscany,
were unable to stop until they reached Ancona,the fortress of
which, being unprovided with any kind of provisions,
offered no means of defence. Yielding to the urgency
of events, Zucchi was obliged to treat with Car-
dinal Benvenuti, who was in his power, dis-
banded his troops, and embarked, with a party of
98 patriots, on board an Italian merchant vessel at Ancona.
They had scarcely cleared the port, when their vessel was
attacked by an Austrian frigate, which left the port of Ve-
nice for that purpose, and they were taken prisoners to the
latter place, where, in damp dungeons, they must suffer the
cruelties of the police, and remain until they are led
forth to the scaffold. The Duke of Modena, proud of
the protection of Austria, shows himself in every re-
spect worthy of his reputation. The courts-martial re-
established by him will, no doubt, send numerous victims to
the gallows. Cero Menotti is to be strangled in prison, and
his house is to be razed to the ground. Wo to any tine who
dared to utter an expression of liberty, or took up arms and
rushed to the battle ; and still more unfortunate will be those
to whom public esteem intrusted offices of responsibility
and authority. Six hundred thousand francs contribution
1
fpresses upon the Jews, and being now subjected to the an-
cient law, they will be required to wear a yellow riband as
a distinguishing mark on their hats. A particular quarter
of each city is to be allotted to them ; they are to be abut
up there every night, An.: whoever attempts to learn
the enclosure will have to pay a heavy fine. They
!are besides forbidden to teach their children to read.
: A letter from Vienna, dated the Ist inst. states, thit the
Duchess of Parma has taken two regiments of Austiian in-
fantry into her pay ; and that 10,000 men of the same army
will be maintained by the Pope for a limited period.
PORTUG•L. —The determination of the French Govern-
ment to enforce the release of Mr. Saul inet is stated upon
semi-official authority. Lisbon was to be blockaded, and
the French Consul to come on board a French ship, in case
of refusal.

CITY. ONE O'CLOCK.

Up to the present time, w•e are without any Continental
information. No foreign mails have arrived, or any skip
letters of consequence.

Consols, which left off yesterday at 78ii for the Accuunt,
opened at the same price, and were up to 78i buyers ; since
which the market lins been rather fidgety, and Consols are at
present 784, with little doing.

The success of the Reform Biil, which at present ra-
ther regarded by the speculators as doubtful, in some dc;:ree,
operates on the markets.

We do not hear of an express from Paris this mcraing,
although one is expected.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing.
Exchequer Bills have improved to 14 16.
CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols have been done at 78i in the earl• part of die
day, and are at present 78i for the Account, and for
Money 7Ri, with little or nothing doing.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Bonds are t per cent.
higher, owing to 50,000 having been purchased. Nothing
doing in other foreign funds.
The Lisbon packet, H hich was to 'rave sailed on Wed-
nesday last, has been detained by government. It is nip-
posed they are waiting for despatches from the French go-
vernment, and it is said she will take out despatches of im-
portance from our government.

The Duchess of Cumberland, attended by Miss Cooper
visited the Duchess of Kent and the Princess Sophia, on
Thursday, at the King's Palace, at Kensington.
Earl Grey, the Duke of Devonshire, and the Duke of
Gordon, yesterday had audiences of the King.
The Russian Ambassador was occupied a considerable
time yesterday afternoon, with Viscount Palmerston, at the
Foreign-office.
