EXCHEQUER-BILL OFFICE .My 30, 1819.

TO BE PAID OFF.

:schequer Bills dated in the Months of June and July, 1818.
HE LORDS COMMISSIONERS .9f his MA-
JESTY TRE.ISITRY having given directions for paying Eyr,
,f the abew,7-vientioned Exchequer Bills, with tlw Interest
oven, at the E chequer-bill Office in the Receipt of Exchequer,
rolot•e-Y.wd, Westminster, on Wednesday, the Stith day of
it,otrict ft: nee will be siren daily (Sundays and Holidays except-
Ina and including Saturday, the 21st of August. from ten
the morning till one in the afternoon, fig the purpose of
the same ; and, for the greater dispatch, the Bearers of
i.: Fitts are desired to place the Bills in /ids (which arc to
died at this Office), classing them in the order of their respective
as ant for the scree amount being numerically arranged,
he principal SitliSiltlld Interest due tltercon,computed.
bid eirluding the days on which they are respectively dated, to
,25th any of August inclusive, when the Interest will censtc ;
!,e:4 Oman, should they he acting as the Areas of
,tears ire bur ted in the 111" are isreciastly to procurance,
irevients suallioNers; curl the Bearers are also inttitpen:
pored to endorse each Bill with their usual Signatures,and tb
air notices and reifilmee at the bottom of the List ; and they
wrxtir required to attend the Exchequer-Bill Office for Pay-
onl to receive the new Bills, and glue the Receiptsfor the se me.
Init Holders of the aforesaid Bills should be d-sirmis of
11:: I.:.wee,at of the Principal and Interest preuWus to the sail
,!5:1 of August, they may be acconunodated,on computing the
gto the Dip on ultich they wish to be paid, and leaeing the said
f.r cony inition MC day prior thereto.
Persons ns may be desirous If having new Earhequer Bins in
it part of Pays:wilt ti Principal, upon marking new Bills,
g the amount at the bottom of their Lists, &Uttered on
4 de 21st of August, may be accommodated with new Bills,
to or Order, carrying an In-
( *Fitts Pence by the Day, on every One Hundred Pounds,
and new ltil!s will bear date the said 25th day of August, and
?titreitog.tt'ter with the Interest due in respect of Me Bills
tit to be ex::can ged, on Thursday, the 26th day of August,

I,Tiftlt4

fOl,azia; dap.
Exi:l4,. pier Bills to be iztuzd in Exchange and made payable
or Order, as aboar-mentioned, may be either trans-
by erdorsement,or will be paid to the Bearer if the Blank shall
f!!:,1 zip.
E.:duper Bills doted prior to June, 1818, have
Idrernosd Li be pail cf.

Just published,
In 3 vols. Pr. £2. 121. 6d. boards,
1E GREEK TESTAMENT; a new
Fdition—Containing copious Notes from ITaanv, RA•
Ems, SCHLEUSNLS, RosernsuLLEß, &c. in familiar La-
cngether with parallel Passages from the Classics, and with
;ices to Vigerus for Idioms, and Ros for Ellipses. Gams-
Various Readings arc generally preserved in the Notes.

t2tended for the use of the Student in Divinity as well as the

By the Rev. E. VALPY, RD.
gaga.: Norwich School; and Chaplain to the Br. of Nommen.

A fcw Copies, large paper, pr. f 4.
hotel by A. J. Valpy, and sold by Longman and C. Baldwin
and Co. and all other Booksellers.
Also,
GREEK SEPTUAGINT, with the APOCRITRA ; from
at of Dos and Hozxrc Pr. £l. es. printed handsomely
e voL octavo, for use in Churches, and Chapels, as well
c Library. Same size as the GR. Tarr.
.EGAN'FIE LATINJE, or Rules and Exercises illus.
is of elegant Latin Style. Pr. 4s. 6d. 6th Edit.
13IER'S ILIAD, with English Notes at the end. Price
e 4. bound.

WALKER'S RHYMING DICTIONARY.
day was published, in Two Volumes, l2brio. price 12s. in
boards, (but occasionally bound in one) a New Edition, being
Third, of

RHYMING DICTIONARY; answering at the
same time the purposes of Spelling and Pronouncing the
,h Language, on a Plan not hitherto attempted. To which
led, for the purpose of Poetry, an Index of allowable
ws, with authorities for their usage from our best Poets.
By JOHN WALKER.
Printed for T. Cadell and W. Davies, Longman, Hurst, Rees,
and Brown, Baldwin, Cradock and Joy, J. Booth, Sher-
, Neely and Jones, G. and W. B. Whittaker, J. Walker,
impkin and Marshall
01 whom may also be had, by the same Author,
Critical Pronouncing Dictionary, and Exposition of the
fish Language, 20th Edition, &so. price 14s. in boards; and
New lAlitions of all Mr. Walker's other Works.

This day was published,

ifully printed from a pearl letter, in a small pocket Volume,
a New Edition, price ss. 6d. bound, of
1E NEW POCKET DICTIONARY of the
FRF.NCII and ENGLISH LANGUAGES. In Two
• 1. French and English ; 2. English and French. Con-
; all the Words in general use, and authorised by the best
3.—By THOMAS NUGENT, LL.D.
The Sixteenth Edition, carefully corrected.
By J. OUISEAU, A.M.
rioted for J. Blawman ; F. C. and J. Rivington ; J. Nunn ;
therd and Letterman ; Cadell and Davies; Longman, Hurst,
Orme, and Brown • Lackington and Co. Darton, Harvey,
.101;11 Richardson j J. M. Richardson ; T. Egerton ; J.
irPenter • J. Booker; A. B. Dulau and Co. T. Boosey and
Is; Cradock, and Joy; J. Harris and Son; Ogle,
lean, and Co. Sherwood, Neely, and Jones; B. Reynolds ;
!wards; G. and W. B. Whittaker; Barton and Smith;
t, Robinson, and Co. London ; Wilson' and Sons, York ;
Ack ; and Stirling and Slade, Edinburgh.

Or whom may be had,-
Annther rditiOn, in square 12mo. price 7s. 6d. bound.

kNG 'LORNE'S PLUTARCH BY WRANGHABL
This day was published,
homely printed in Si: Vols. *lvo. embellished with a Head
of Plutarch, price £2. 14s. boards, a Ninv Edition of
• -

LUTARCHI LIVES. Translated from the
Original Greek ; veldt Notes, Critical and Histerical ;.and
of Plutarck.

ty .1 oil" TANGHORNE, D.D. and WILLIAM

LANGIIORiIE, A.M.
ird Edition, with Corrections and Additions, by the Rev.
X(.ls WRANOHAM, M.A. F.R.S.

Lured for J. Mawman; I. C. and J. itivington ; J. Nunn ;
larke and Sons ; Cadell and Davies; J. and A. Arch ;
herd and Letterman; Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and
'a; John Richardson ; J. M. Richardson ; J. Booker ; E.
'aim; J. Murray; Wingrave and Collingwood; Black,
'hurt', Pirhury, and Allen ; J. Hatchard and Son ; Bald.
Cr.&dock, and Joy; It &holey ; Sherwood, Neely, and
Ogle, ITuncan, and Co. J. Bohu; E. Lloyd and Son ;
guiders; G. and W. B. Whittaker ; Simpkin and Mar-
, London ; Wilson and Sons, York ; and Stirling and Slade,
thumb.

whom may be had, another Edition, in Eight Vols. 12mo.
£l. 16s. in boards.

This day was published,

BLACKWOOD'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE,
No. XXVIII. for JULY, 1819.

Con-orris.-1. On the proposed Nationil Monument at Edin-
burgh-2. Bowles'sAnswer to Campbell-3. Remarks on Tytler's
Life of the Admirable Crichton— 4. Musical' Queries—S. On a
New and Improved Method of Teaching Latin--;6. On the In-
troduction of the Oriental Breed of Horses into Europe-7.
Restorations and Illustrations of Seven Hundred Passages in
.Shakspeare's Plays; by Z. Jackson-8. Letters of Advice from
a Lady of Distinction, to her Friend the Duchess of • • *-
9. Northern Memoirs, calculated for the Meridian of Scotland,
&c. by Richard Frank, Philanthropus-10. Mazeppa ; a Poem,
by Lord Byron-11. Letter from Mr. Odoherty, encinsing Three
Articles-12. Billy Routing; a Lyrical Ballad—l 3. John Gilpin
and Mazeppa-14. Boziana ; or, Sketches of Pugilism. By
of the Fancy-15. Remarks on Mr. Mitford's View of the
Constitution of Macedonia, contained in the new Volume of
his History of Greece-16. Patagonia-17. A Discourse on
Missions ; by John Foster-IR. Sermons preached in the 'iron
Church, Glasgow ; by Thomas Chalmers, D.D.-19. Tales of
the Hall ; by the Rev. George Crabbe-20. Literary and Sci-
entific Intelligence-21. Works preparing for Publication-22.
Monthly List of New Publications-23. Monthly Resister, &c.
Printed for T. Cadell and W. Davies, London ; and William
Blackwood, Edinburgh.

Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
• The treatment mild—the cure effectual.
TRUTH, whether it be scientific, moral, theologi-
cal, or medical, is a beacon, which the ignorant can sel-
dom perceive, nor what those who are interested in falsehood
are desirous of seeing unfolded.
Impressed at an early period of our professional career with
the importance of a more minute attention to a class of diseases
peculiarly affecting the grander operations of nature, we boldly
deviated from what was held to be medical orthodoxy ; attacked
the vanntings of empyricism, and, by defeating its vile purposes,
consider ourselves justly entitled to that approbation and patro-
nage which, for twenty years, have rewarded our successful and
devoted studies. The estimation of our enlightened brethren; who
frequently appeal, to our opinion, is an additional gratification to
our pride, while our authority from the College itself, strength-
ened as it Is by the most enthusiastic testimonials of almost every
Professor in the British metropolis, must ever protect the sane-
tity of our fame from envy or misrepresentation.
The impetuosity of youth, or the momentary want of caution
in the maturer man, often lead to the effects of a contagious dis-
ease ; happy therefore may the early applicant be celled, whose
anxiety can be alleviated by a few days care; and even in the
more advanced stages, characterised by numerous symptoros,
we can illustrate our assertion, by rendering the treatment mild,
the cure effectual.
Every organic change, or functional disturbance, Incidental to
the generative economy, falls equally within our province, and
will yield to our attention. Among these are diseases of the ute-
thra, weakness, and constitutional derangements, of however
long duration.
The child of inanition may be restored to appetence, and in-
stead olbeing exhausted by Nervous Debility, he will circulate
the manlier proof of vigorous impuhe.—The limits of an adver-
tisement do not allow the classification of our subjects, bat they
arc amply dctailnd in a Work we lately published, called " The
.I'cts of Lire," the rapid sale of which, accompanied with an
increasing practice, are undeniable proofs of our general utility.
The Book can be had at so, Paternoster-rosy; 66, Pall-Mall;
Gerrard-street, Soho; 174, and :.12, Fleet-street; or at any
Bookseller's.
We attend at home daily for personal consultation, and the
terms are always stated at the first interview, or in answer to
letters containing a remittance. Patients in the country should
describe the case, enclosing a Bank-note for medicine and advice,
which can be speedily forwarded to any part of the world:
GOSS and Co. M. R. C. Surgeons, is, Bonveric•otteet,
FleetAtreet, London.

SARACEN'S HEAD, SNOW-HILL, LONDON.

WILLIAM MOUNTAIN AND CO.

Four Inside Coaches, best Horses, and keep their Time.
THE folloWing Post-Coaches, Mail-Coaches, &c.
set out from the above Inn :

FALMOUTH, Plymouth, Totnese, Exeter, Weymouth,
Dorchester, Dartmouth, and Salisbury, new Post Coach, every
Morning at Seven; through Honiton, Axminster, Bridport,
131auslford, Basingstoke, and Bagshot. Arrives at Plymouth
the next Evening at half-past eight.
SOUTHAMPTON, Lymingeon, Winchester, Andover, and
Basingstoke new Four Inside Coach, at half-peat seven in the
morning, arrives at the Dolphin Inn, Southampton, by half-past
five. This is a most delightful conveyance to the rale of Right.
llavre de Grace, Jersey, Guernsey, St. Maine's, Cherbourg, &e.
BATH and BRISTOL Flying Post-Coaches, through Chip-
penham, Caine, and Marlborough, every afternoon; arrive at
Mr. May's, the Greyhound Inn, Bath, and the London Tavern,
Thomas-street, and the Swan, liristol, next morning. Coaches
to Wells, Bridgewater, Taunton, Exeter, and Plymouth.
The UMPIRE, a New LIVERPOOL Light Coach, on y
one night on the road, carrying four Insides and four Outsides, sets
out daily; through Dunstable, Woburn, Lathbury, Northamp
ton, Welford, Lutterworth, Hinckley, Atherstone, Litchfield,
Stone, Rugely, Newcastle, Knutsford, Warrington, and Preston.
SHREWSBURY, ' Wlllington, and Shilfnal Post-Coach,
every evening, at five o'clock—Guarded.
WEYMOUTH. Dorchester, Blandford, Salisbury, Andover,
and Basingetoke new Post-Coach, every afternoon. The Wey
mouth packets to Guernsey, Jersey, Cherburg, St. Make's, &c
BRIDGENORTH and Walsill Post-Coach, every evening.
LEEDS new Light Coach, tilled the Rockingham, every
morning at eight; carries Four Insides only, goes reznarkebly
easy, with a Guard throughout; passes through Stamford,
• Newark, Retford. Doncaster, and Ferrybridge, to the Golden
Lion, Leeds, next morning. Notwithstanding the uncommon
expedition of this Coach, it is allowed to be the most agreeable
and complete public conveyance on the North Road, being un-
equalled by -any other.
MARLBOROUGH, and Swindon, new four-inside Post-
Coach, through /Uclbourn, Reading, Lambourn, Purton, Ly-
dington, Pewsey, Wootton Basset, Ranislmry, Ilungerford, and
Newbury ; every morning.
GLASGOW, Longtown, Gretna-Green, Annan, Dumfries,
Brownhill, Thornhill, Sanquhar-Kiln, Cuinnock, Kiugswell, and
all Parts of Scotland, aPost:Coach,( Daily)._

„
YORK, Scarborough, Whitby, Sields, Sunderland, New-
castle, and Edinburgh new Four Inside Coach, with a Guard
throughout ; sets nut every morning, by way of Newark, Ret-
ford, Tadcaster, Darlington, Yorthallerton, Durham, Morpeth,
and Berwick. Passengers finding themselves fatigued on the
journey, may rest what time they please, and then proceed en
without any additional fare.
bosToN, Spalding, Peterborough, Stilton, and Huntingdon
Royal Mail-Cuaeh, every evening to Spilsby, Louth, Grimsby,
and Hull.

CARLISLE, Penrith, and Whitehaven, Four Inside Post-
roach; and a Guard all the way. Phases through Brough, Ap-
pleby, Greatabridge, Richmond, Catterick, Beroughtidge,
therby,Aberford,i)oncaster,and Grantham. Sets out every morn-
ing, and performs tha journey with the greatest facility. Passen-
gers detained on the road by business, or pleasure, have the peeu
liar advantage of their seats being secured in the neat Coach.
KENDAL, Lancaster, Preston, Kirby:Lonsdife, Bobcat,
Chorley, Ors:shirk, and Garstang Post-Coaches, every afternoon.
L IN' h:RFOOL, Warrington, Knutsford, Stone, Stafford, and
Litchfield Post-Coach, the Defiance, every evening, to the Sa-
racen's 11ead`inn' Dale-street, Liverpool—Guarded throughout.
WAKEFIELD Post-Coach, every morning.
CHESTER, Newport, Whitchurch, 'farporley, Nantwich,
Northwicb, and hliddlewich Post-Coach every evening.
N DE it LAND, Stockton, and Yarm, Coach, i very morn-
ing, to the George Inn, Sunderland.
Al A NCH ESTER, Winslow, Congleton, Newcastle, Walsal,
and Wolverhampton Post-Coach, every afternoon—Guarded.
SHEFFIELD and Rotherham Post-Cos...h, called the Rock-
ingbain, every morning.
Al Post-Coach, Guarded, sets ontevery after-
noon, and reaches Birmingham next day at none. Passes by
Warwick, Leamington, and Daventry, to the Saracen's Head,
,Bull-etreet, Birmingham.
HULL, Northcave, Bowden, Thorn, and Doncaster Post
Coach, every No: :ling, at half-past six, to the Cross Keys, Mar-
ket-place,
DOVER, Deal, Margate, Sandwich, Ramsgate, Canterbury,
Faversham, Chatham, Rochester, and Stroud, Post-Coaches,
morning, noon, at:d night.
ilEtrrFoß LA, Ware, Hoddesdon, and Cheshurtt Coach every
morning.

W. MOUNTAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint their
Friends and the Public, that they Will not be accountable for any
Parcels, Paso gene Luggage, Writings, Plate, &c. of more than
Five P. Ms value, if lost, stolen, or damaged, unless entered
as such and the Insurance paid for actiOrclingly, at the Saracen's
head Lm, Snow-hill, Loots&

SOUTH Allif4Rio.i.

PROCG.V.IATION.

lIIS EXCELLENCY DON JOSE DE SAN lIARTINOZAFTAt*
GENERAL OF THE COIAINEDIIIr OF FOB ANDO.
AND CHILI, GRAND OFFICER OF, TILE LEGIOIi3OF
MERIT, ETC. ETC. To VIE INHABITANTS OF LAMA
AND PERU.

Matt gairters, 'Seeder) de Chill,
November IS, Ma.
" Countrymen!—To address you, I am even au-
thorized by the right with which every free man may
speak to the oppressed. The events which in rapid
succession have taken place within the last ninc..years
have pointed out to you the solemn tides untler which
the Independent States of Chili and Buenos Ayres
order me to enter your territory to defend your li-
berty. This is identified with theirs, as well as with
the cause of the human race, and the Means confided
to me to save you are as efficacious as they ire con•
sistent with so sacred an object.
ig From the first moment that a determination' to
be free appeared in America, the agents • *Of: Spinfnif
power hastened to extinguish that mental illumine?)
don that would make American's 'sensible of thee!
chains. The Revolution b,zan to present an imps
ing aspect in other parts; and in consequence of its
progress, the Viceroy of Peru •endeavoured .tti pap.
mole the world that he had been able to efface in
the inhabitants of Lima even the soul to feel the
weight and ignominy of their chains. The world,
scandalized at the sight of American blood flowing
by the hand of AnUTIMIS, began to consider whether
the slaves were as culpable as their tyrants, or whe-
ther liberty had more to complain of those who had
thO barbarous courage to invade it, or they who were
stupid and base enough not to defend it. The war
continued, desolating this innocent country, but not-
withstanding all the combinations of despotism, the
gospel of the rights of man was propagated in the
mjdst of contradictions, Hundreds of Americans fell
in the field of honour, or by the hand of treacherous
Chieftains; but the public opinion, strengthened by
noble traits, made us triumphant, and thus time, the
great regenerator of political societies, prepared thd
moment when the problem of Peruvian feeling and
the fate of South America was to be decided

" My warning, therefo:e, is not that of n conqueror
who seeks to create anew slavery. The maturity of
things has prepared this grand day of your political
emancipation, and I can be no more than an acci-
dental instrument of justice, and an agent of destiny.
Sensible of the horrors with which war afflicts huma-
nity, I. have always sought to gain my object by
means most conformable to the interests and welfare
of thi Peruvians. After a complete battle on the
field of Maipo, without !keening to the incitehtenf,
of a jolt vengeance for a. bat-Woe's aggression, rn to
the right of indemnity (Or Mlle great evils tented 16
Chili,- I. gave full proof of my peaceable fe4i -.^:l
wrote to your Viceroy, under date of ilth tk eilt+.
reminding him of the dilEcult situation id; • 'IA
was placed, pointing our to hint the eiftnt be etr&
sources of two States intimate., mifteitt SAS thevg...
penderance of their armies, in a weird,xtbidfkiterfitt
of the struggle that threatened' hint:, Tatikelfefthilh
answerable to the inhabitants of your.teriitott ftil•
the effects of the war; and to avoid tlionftititireta
to him to convoke the illustrious inhallltaintkot
pointing outto him the sincere desires ofitheabvent.
menu. of Chili and Buenos Ayres ; that he .shi'old
hear their rights and complaints, and allow tlid.PeO-
ple freely to adopt the form of government they
might think proper; the result of whose spontaneous
deliberations should be the supreme law of my ore.
rations. This liberal proposal was answered by threats
and insults, wherefore the order of justice as well as
common security compel me to adopt the last et•
creme, the use of a protecting force. The blOod that
may be shed will therefore be alone the crime of ty-
rants and their satellites.

The sincerity of my intentions has not been less
evident since the battle of Chacabuco. The Spanish
army was completely routed, Chili became an inde-
pendant State, and its inhabitants began to enjoy the
security of their property and the fruits of their free-
dom. This example alone is the most secure gua-
rantee of my conduct. Tyrants, habituated to the
disfiguring of facts, in order to light up the torch of
discord, have themselves been compelled to confess
that moderation was the guide of the victorious army
in Chili. Our interest is that of the People. It is
ffe interest of all that the tyrants should be ejected
from Lima. and the result of victory will be that the
Capital of Peru will, for the first time, behold her
,children assembled, freely electing their own govern-
ment, and appearing on the earth in the rank of a
tuition. Thermion of these three Independent States
will teach Spain her own impotence, and of other
.Powers insure the esteem and respect. The first ba-
sis of your political existence being fixed, a I,ntral
Cipngress of the Three States will give stability to all.
Under the empire' of new laws, you will learn the
benefits of social existence. Your ruins will disap-
pear, and he succeeded by peace and plenty.
" Americans!—.The victorious armies of an inso-
lent tyrant diffuse terror among the People subjected
by their triumphs; but the legions I command, corn-
pelted to make war against those tyrants who have
'provoked them, promise friendship and protection to
Their brethren. I pledge this promise shall be kept.
". European Spaniards!—l seek not your ruin. I
enter not the Pertivieto territory to destroy. Yon yourstlves
are kitsrested in the prosperity of America, for there is your
home. Spain ti In a state of degradation. Her mount. s are
dilapidated, the Slate loaded with an enormous debt, and the
Monarch unzble to aid you. Peru, free, offers to you a better
country than the one that rave yrau birth. Unite then with us.
We respect property and religion,
" Inhabitants of Plku.l—•Tia you collectively I ad-
dress mysclt. The civillzid. 'World has now its eyes upon you.
' Do not confirm the suspicions held against you fir nine years.
If you avail yoursebtes of this/avow-Ask moment, the tray
will be easy. When the right's of tire human race, lost in Peru
for so many ages, shall be restored, I shall be happrin uniting
iu the formation of such institutions as will preserve them, and
when the work is ended, I shall have fulfilled the best wbhes
of my heart. (Signed) " JOSE DS SAN MARTIN."
