q:—"qwpgrm,irwtmpgrclrllrpM.4.47*tf'*trtirgr--
, .

C'7'

,

Chia, dated Ap#ll,l7tb, in • that
'4l; ifoolik‘
"on the 11th thertittish squadrogorconsiiiing Of two
three-deckers, foot with two decks, ten frigates, and
eighteen other vessels, irtived herei and immediately
landed from 12 to 15,000 men. The Greek General.
LIOOT HI a, instantly-retreated to the mountains, leav-
ing all, provisions, ammunition, baggage, cannon, &c.
Imelsilad him. The Turks then took possession of the
town, and committed a thousand enormities. They
set fire to the Greek quarter, and to that of the Ca-
tholics : all the houses were plundered and disman-
tled, the Churches profaned, and even the dead un-
buried and scattered about the streets. A number
of Greek families took refuge in the French Consu-
late. Mr. Moms, Vice-Consul of France, received
them with open arms, notwithstanding the danger to
which it exposed him and all the French who had
sought theprotection of his roof, under which 1500
individuals.were thus shortly assembled. Mr. Moto*,
bent on saving those unfortunate people, or perishing,
ordered the Chancellor of the Consulate to remain as
his representative, and threw himself (holding a white
flag inhis hand) into the midst of the Turks, exclaim-
ing YrancaiS ! Francais!' Astonished and wonder-
struck, the Turks suspended the carnage, and col-
lecting round him to the number of more than three
hundred, conducted him to the Pacha." . •

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY t!.
The Employment of the Poor in Ireland Bill was read a se-
cond time, and committed for Monday.
The Report of the Committee on the State of Ireland was
received, and the resolution for authorising the Lord Lieute-
nant to advance 50,0001. to be expended in Public Works, was
agreed to, and a Bill ordered meordiagly.
Sir GEORGE HILL mooed for the appointment of a Com-
mittee to consider the laws Which regulate the linen trade of
Ireland, and to report to the Home thereupon.
Mr. D. BROWN considered the object of the Right Hon.
Baronet's motion as most useful; but doubted whether any
good would arise from bringing it forward at this late period of
the Session. •
After a few wank from 32r. S. Rice, the potion was agreed
to, and a Committee appointed.
Mr. CANNlNQepeesensed a Petition from certain mer-
chants of Liverpool:playing that a duty might be imposed on
the importation of ford' butter.
The Report of thaVageontLaweAmendinerit Bill was received,
and ordered to be taken into fetcher consideration on Monday.
On the Order of the Day for the third reading of the Irish
Malt Duty Repeal Bill being read,
Mr. HUTCHINSON objected to the provisions of the SW
as to the drawback to be allowed to the distiller fur stock in
hand. By these regulations, the allowance would be reduced
from sispence to fourpence rthing per gallon, which reduction
would constitute a loss of at least £lO,OOO upon the stock in
hand in Ireland.
Mr. LUSH' NGTON mid the Irish distiller had a great ad-
vantage over the English distiller in the spirits sold for home
consumption.
Sir GEORGE HILL said the fourpence farthing to which
the Hata Member alluded, was duty on malt and spirits ex-
paned is foreign pails, and that sum was allowed in drawback
—The BM was then read a third time and pawed.
I*. DAWSON' presented the Report ot the Commissioners
ou the skunk* of lichester Jail, which was laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Hotaaa Bata, Accounts were or-
dered of-the quandry of British and foreign spirits consumed
within the kingdom, and the same Accounts of the quantity ex-
ported from it during the last year.
On the motion of Mr. Dawson, an Address was ordered to
hi. Majesty for certain extracts from the correspondence of Sir
Thomas Maitland with the Colonial Department.
Mr. LUS 111 N GTON eve notice that on Monday he would
move for a Committee on th,Dudes upon the importation of
certain articles into the &id* Colonies of North America and
the West Indies.
The other Orders of the Day being disposed of, the House
sdioumed until Monday.

The Pacha received him in a friendly manner, lis-
tened to his intercession, and orders were imme-
diately sent to the troops to respect the various Con-
sulates, and not to enter them under pain of death•
Besides a guard for the French Consulate, Mr. Di-
csorr requested and obtained one for those of Eng-
land and Naples. The Austrian Consul was in the
country ; Mr. DIGEON, alarmed for his safety, rode
along the shore under a shower of balls fired from
the squadron, and brought him back to town, where
he also procured a guard for his Consulate. The
conflagration continued until the 16th, and com-
mitted the greatest ravages. On that day the Pacha
sent for Mr. DIGEoN, and the Austrian Consul, and
gave them, besides the Firman of the Grand Seignior,
which pardons all those who lay down their arms, a
Proclamation, announcing that the Consuls of France
and Austria having implored mercy for the country,
it had been granted them ; and also a Pastoral letter
from the Greek Bishop, signed by all the indivi-
duals shut up in the citadel, who invited their coun-
trymen to accept the pardon offered them.
Mr. DIGEoN then directly set off oft this embassy
of peace to the Greek lines in the mountains. From
the 11th to the 17th this Gentleman provided sub-
sistence for 218 individuals reduced to the greatest
misery, whom be had received in the Consulate, and
for 1150 Greek refugees sheltered in the Catholic
Church belonging to the Consulate.
Letters from Smyrna, also dated the 17th, state,
that such numbers were massacred at Chio, that the
Jews belonging to the former place had been sent far
to throw the dead bodies into the sea. The Insur-
gents were intrenched in the mountains, where the
Turks were following them. The Pope is said, in a
letter from Rome of the 21st of April, to be in a
very declining state of health. He fell from mere
weakness in entering his chamber after holding the
last consistory.
French Funds, May 17, Five per Cents. 88fr. 30c.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1522.
THE FUNDS.

It appears from Spanish Papers to the 7th instant,
that the country continues to be annoyed by bands
of rebels, but neither formidable in number, nor of
a character to endanger the existing order of things.

This forenoon we received a Dutch Mail, bringing
Papers to the 18th inst. The long debate on the per-
sonal contribution came on in the Second Chamber
of Deputies, at the Hague, on the 14th inst. and after
two days' discussion, was carried by a majority of
two. It was opposed on the ground that it would
not bear equally on the Northern and Southern Pro.
vinces, and that the tax to be levied did not afford a
just criterion of the persons to be taxed, but pressed
heavily on the middle classes. These Papers do not
contain a single article worth extracting.

A commercial decree has been received from Bue-
nos Ayres, by which the Government of that province
imposes the following duties on articles imported
by sea. The Duties being made payable from the
Ist of January last:—
Quicksilver, woods, machines, agricultural implement*, scien-
tific instruments, books, paintings, engravings, sculptures, wools
and furs for manufacturing, molasses for distillation, plaster of

Paris, lime, stone for building, fossil cad, nitre, stuffs embroi.
dered with gold or silver, watches, silver and gold ornaments,

pay 5 per cent.
Colours for painting or dying, drugs, spiceries. medicine, pow-
der, flints, pitch and tar, rice, raw and manufactured silk, par
10 per cent.
Sugar, tea, coffee, cocoa, &c. 20 per cent.

Fiu-niture, mirrors, carriages with their wheels and harness,)
saddles with their mountings, wearing apparel, shoes, ♦inegar,
beer, eider, foreign robicco, pay 25 per cent.

With retard to wines and spirits, an exception is made. From
the lit of January to the Ist of October, wines, pay 54 dollars
per pipe, and spirits GO dollars per pipe.- After the lit of Octo-
ber, wines pay at the rate of 0 per cent. and spirituous liquors
30 per cent. _ _ _

Whes t imported pays a duty, decreasing as the price of the
article rises. When the price of the fanep does not exceed six
dollars, the duty is four dollars. The duty decreases until the
price rises to nine dollars the fanep, which pays one dollar.
After that, there is no duty. Scales of duties are constricted

on a similar principle for Sour and salt.
Hats pay three dollars each. '
The wushuuse duty is reduced to a real per baits.

0

.

"4"."Z.17,17"711.Fr7
• b

' ,

17, 1822,
"clink,. ta
vice liotchkin, promoted. Gent.
Guards.— William Arndt, Gerit, to he
promoted.
olf-pay of the Regiment,
who eaduages. receiving

: Thomas Wallas-
to be Cornet, vim
be Captain, by
purchase, vice Petty, who retina ; Cornet John Wiliam'
Wales to be Lieutenant. by purchase, vice Beckwith ; comet
Horatio Boss, from half-pay of Ole Regimes►, to be Csnutto
by purchase, vice Wiles.
16th Ditto—Cornet Willoughby 'Moire, from the Sd LiEbt
Dragoons, to be Cornet, vice White, who exchanges.
210 Ditto--Hospital-Assistant John Freer to be Assistans4at.
geon, vice Boyd, deceased.
38th Ditto—lieutenant Thomas Kerr, from the half-pry of the
100th Foot, to be lieutenant, vice D.Obborne, who mehm.
vs,. receiving the difference.
41st Ditto—Captain Lord George Bentinch, from half-pay of
the Seth Foot, to be Captain, vice William Bassett &under.
sow, who exchanges, receiving the difference.

The American Papers, just received, contain ,
Report of a Committee of the Senate on the Sup-
pression of the Slave Trade. This document states,
,g that under the Acts of Congress, inflicting the' pu-
nishment of piracy on the African Slave Trade, a
foundation has been laid for the most systematic and
vigorous application of the power of the United States
to the suppression of that iniquitous traffic. Its un-
happy subjects, when captured, are restored to their
country, agents are thew appointed to receive them,
and a colony of the offspring of private charity is rising
on its shores, in which such as cannot reach their na-
tive tribes will find the means of alleviating the cala-
mities they may have endured before their liberation."
The Committee boast that 6, the American fiag,which
heretofore covered so large a portion of the slave-
' trade, has wholly disappeared from the coast of Africa.
The trade, notwithstanding, increases annually under
Bags of (viler nations. France has incurred the re-
proach of being the greatest adventurer in this traffic
prohibited by her laws ; but it is to be presumed that
this results not so much from the avidity of her sub-
jects for this iniquitous gain, as from the safety,which,
in the absence of all hazard of capture, her flag affords
to the greedy and unprincipled adventurers of all
nations. It is neither candid nor just to impute to a
gallant and high-minded people the exclusive com-
mission of crimes which the abandoned of all nations
arealikecapableof perpetrating,with additional wrong
to France herself, of using her flag to cover and pro-
tect them."

Lieutenant-Colonel lion. Edward Pyndar Lysol', of the 21
Life Guards, to be Colonel in the Army.

Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County a
Gloucester, and City and County of the UM.
Henry Wenman Newman, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of
Chester.
James Sedgy/irk. James Ilitton, Richard Fosbrooke Buckler,
and henry Ilesheth, jun. Esqrs. to be Dzputy Lieutenants.
IRISH YEOMANRY.

The Committee, by way of remedy, say—They
contemplate the trial and condemnation of such Ame-
rican citizens as may be found engaged in this for-
bidden trade, not by mixed tribunals sitting in a fo=
reign country, but by existing Courts of competent
jurisdiction in the United States; they propose the
same disposition of the captured Africans now au-
thorised by law, and least of all their detention in
America.—They contemplate an exchange of this
right, which shall be in all respects reciprocal. In
closing the Report, they recommend an adoptibn of'
the following Resolution, viz.

DU3LIN CA STLZ, MAT 9, 1842.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be Te.
guested to enter into such arrangements as he may deem suitable
and proper with one or more of the Maritime Powers of Europe,
for the effectual abolition of the Slave Trade."

All this is, no doubt, very good, and very proper;,
but it is quite inconsistent with the conduct of that
Government which still tolerates slavery in the very
heart of the country over which it rules. We re-
cently mentioned some instances of this degrading
traffic being carried on in the United States, and
there is scarcely a day passes in which the American
Papers do not contain advertisements for runaway
slaves, or for the sale of negroes, in some of the States
of the Union.

His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant has been pleased to sip
Commissions for the following Gentlemen to be Officers in dte
undermentioned Yeomanry Corps, viz.
Moate Infantry—Edward Thomas Kelly, Esq. to b.
Lieutenant, vice Holden.
Mourne Infantry—Robert Kirkpatrick Thompson, Esq. to
be Sub-Lieutenant, vice Adderley, resigned._

Londonderry Legion—William George Marshal, Esq. to be
Sub-Lieutenant.

There were four arrivals this morning from Ame-
rica, bringing Papers of the same date as the last.

__ ...._
Ballinderry Infantry—Sub-Lieutenant Thomas Courtney :o
be First Lieutenant, vice Iliggenson, resigned.

PHILADELPHIA, APRIL it

A Gentleman, who arrived in town from Pernam-
buco, informs, that it was the general opinion there
that the Brazilians would soon declare themselves in-
dependent of Portugal ; and that several Europeans,
friendly to Royalty, and who had expressed them-
selves warmly against shaking off the mother coun-
try, had been massacred.

Ibatie and Barrytoe Infantry—William Spiller, Esq. to be
Sub-Lieutenant, vice Ilungerford, resigned.
Swineford Infantry—John Ellard, Esq. to be Sub-Lieutenant,
vice John Burke, Esq. resigned.
Crow Hill Infantry—William Newtown, Esq. to be Sub.
Lieutenant, vice Atkinson, deceased.

Newmilis Infantry—Thomas Dawson, Esq. to be Fast Lieu.
tenant, vice Stewart, deceased.
Ennis Infantry—Francis Whitestone, Esq. to be Sub-Lieu-
tenant, vice APCioskey, resigned.
' Bangor Infantry—Thomas Brownrigg, Esq. to be Fist
tenant, vice Hannay, resigned.
Skea Bridge Infantry—Alexander Nixon, FA+ to be Tint
Lieutenant, vice Thomas Nixon, deceased.
Ballymacash Infantry—John Stewart Smyth, Esq. to be Sub-
lieutenant vice Houghton, deceased.
Crum Castle Infantry—Edward Martin, Esq. to be Sub-
lieutenant, vice George Knipe, promoted to the Belturbet
Corps.

. • , . ,
. .. . .
- .
. - •
4+lOlllFllll - • ~. 7 •
.
Thii tolaillort gide; are pad on THE AIVIY.
' •
Aidlediiiidist, one r4gor per: ‘• - ~ -4-4t"?' • - ' . . .
Her" itd calf katherjsats retOser •Ores. e . , - , •
_InLITART PROMOTIONS.
.othir articles of the prodito of Demi Ayres,- fair pat, " 'i
al mim . .- . . . . WA R. OFFICR, MAY
eo.
Royal Regiment of Horse Guards—Henry Wel
. ...
Silver, coined in bars, er waked, it per ant.
Gold, ceinal, in ingots, or waked, 1 per cent. •.
• be Comet, by purchase, vice Hotthkin, proem
,9th Regiment of Dragoon Guards—William An
Imported articles upon being re-embarked. two per cent. Corwt, by purchase. vice Western, promote,
Produce or manutictures which have, been introduced by Gib Ditto—Cornet Philip Wks, from half-pay al
land, shall be free of duty on exportation by sea, open proof nf tei he Caret, vies William Martin, who each
lifthe d erence.
the payment of the duties to which the articles were liable on sd Ik.Onent of Light Dragoons—Cornet Sir'!
entering the province. • . ton White, from the 16th Light Dragoons, to
.....---. Moore, who exchanges. •
q.t.,. a ..,....;,.n Parlors_ *Just received. contain the 14th Ditto—lituteznt William Beckwith to
L 'iv.. • ['Arm.'
