SURREY RLECT lON.
MR. BRISCOE'S COMMITTEE sit daily at the
HALF-MOON, High-street, Borough, where all Communi-
sations are requested to be made, addressed to
R. W. HALL, Esq. Chairman.

ADDRESS to the PEOPLE of GREAT BRITAIN
and IRELAND. unanimously adopted at a General Meeting
of the LONDON ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY, held at Exeter
Hall. April 23, 1831
The Right Hon. Lord SUFFIELD in the Chair.
The Society for the Abolition of Slavery throughout the British
Dominions earnestly request your attention to the present state of
the question. The dissolution will probably soon tete place, when
the great body of Electors will be strongly agitated with discussing
the measure of Reform, which has divided the existing Parliament.
At this crisis we entreat you, in the midst of conflict and excite-
ment. to remember the sacred cause to which, in conjunction with
ourselves, you are solemnly pledged. Upon the exertions now
made. as far as human wisdom may foresee mainly depends the con-
tinutnee or extinction of that system which has so long prevailed
In violation of all the principles of the British Constitution, and in
subversion of all justice, outraging every feeling of humanity, and
utterly repugnant to the precepts of the religion we profess to ac-
knowledge. We pray you to rouse yourselves to strenuous, per.
severing, and well-organized exertions : and we suggest, for your
consideration, the following measures:—To call meetings of your
committees, and to invite to join you all who prefer humanity to
oppression, truth to falsehood, freedom to slavery : —to appoint
frequent Ferias for assembling :—to form a list of all the electors
who can be properly influenced in the approaching contest, each in-
dividual answering for himself, and as many more as he can bring to
aid :—to make strict inquiries of every candidate, not only whether
he is decidedly favourable to the extinction of slavery, but whether
or not he will attend to the debates in Parliament when that ques-
tion shall be discussed; herein taking special care not to be deceived
by general professions of disapprobation of slavery, but ascertain-
ing that the candidate has adopted the determination to assist in car-
rying through measures for its speedy annihilation. None look with
greater honor on the shedding of blood, or the remotest chance of oc-
casioning such a calamity, than ourselves ; but we are in our consci-
ences convinced, and that after investigation the most careful and
scrupulous, that from the emancipation we recommend, no risk to
the safety of the white inhabitants could arise; on the contrary, we ve-
rily believe that the continuance of slavery renders desolation and
bloodshed much more probable; and that if the country does not repent
of the sin of slavery and cast it from her, it may, by the just retribution
of Providence, terminate in a convulsion destructive alike of life and

property.
On behalf of candidates who are known to hold these prindples,
and on behalf of such candidates only, we ask your assistance; and
this:assistance may be most powerfully rendered, not merely by
votes, but by open and public adoption of the candidate on these
avowed grounds.—by the exertion of lawful influence, by saving him
time in his canvas, and by relieving him from expense in going to
the poll. •
e assure you, that on our part we will not be backward in our
efforts for the attainment of the same ends ; and we will, from time to
time, afford you all the information we may deem requisite.
In the truth and justice of our cause we are all confident: but nun
must work by human means. Without strenuous efforts, the gold and
combination of out interested opponents may leave the cause without
that support In Parliament which is essential to success, and so con.
Orme, for an indefinite period, sufferings indescribable and iniquity
incalculable.

We solemnly conjure you to show yourselves, by your courage,
energy, and perseverance, faithful in the cause of truth and merry;
and then, with His aid to whom all good is to be ascribed, we trust this
accumulation of guilt and misery may be speedily annihilated.
Signed in behalf of the Loudon Committee.
T. F. BUXTON, Z. MACAULAY,
S. GURNEY, D. WILSON,
W. WILBERFORCE, R. WATSON.
W. SMITH. S. LUSHINGTON.
Resolutions unanimously adopted at the same General Meeting :
I. That the object of this meeting is the entire extinction of Negro
Slavery.
2. That the time has now arrived, in which the people of Great Bri-
tain and Ireland may give, by their votes, as they have already given by
their petitions, efficacious assistance towards delivering the Negroes
from the evils of slavery, and the nation from the guilt of tolerating
it and that the address now read be adopted by this meeting, and cir-
culated throughout the country.
3. That the buying. or selling, or holding our fellow-men as slaves,
is contrary to the Christian religion, and to the principles of the British
constitution.
4. That, under the strongest rational conviction, fortified, by the
experience of all ages, that the holders of slaves are, by the very cir-
cumstances of their situation, rendered as unfit as they have always
proved themselves unwilling, to frame laws for the benefit of their bond-
men, this assembly cannot refrain from avowing their utter despair
of receiving any effectual aid from the colonists in the prosecution of
their great object.
5. That this assembly consider it Incumbent on them to renew the
declaration of their decided conviction, that slavery is not merely an
abuse to be mitigated, but an enormity to be suppressed; that it in-
vokes the exercise of severities on the part of the master, and the en-
durance of sufferings on the part of the slave, which no laws can ef-
fectually prevent; and that to impose on the British people the involun-
tary support of a system so essentially iniquitous, is an injustice no
longer to be endured.
C. That the experience of the last eight years has not only fur.
nished additional evidence of the criminality and incurable inhumanity
of slavery, but has also demonstrated incontrovertibly, that it is only
by the direct Intervention of Parliament that any effectual remedy can
be applied to this enormous evil ; and that it is the unalterable deter-
mination of this meeting to leave no lawful means unattempted for ob-
taining, by Parliamentary enactment, the total abolition of slavery
throughout the British dominions.
7. That this meeting desire the expression of their sincere regret for
the unavoidable absence of his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester,
to be respeetfally conveyed to him, together with their cordial acknow-
ledgment. for the undeviating support he has uniformly given to the
principles on which this society is founded.
THO. PRINGLE, Secretary.
Office of the Anti-Slavery Society, 18, Aldermanbury, April 25.

PRICE OF STOCKS
3 per Ct. Cons. 794 9
Cons. for Ac 784 1
3 per Cent. Red. 77; 8 7; ;
34 per Ct. 1818, 864
$4 per Ct. Red. 864 4
34 per Cent. New, 88 7f

kT FOUR O'CLOCK.
4 per Ct. 1826, 941 ;
Long Ann. Jan. 1860, 161 ; 7-16
Old Annuities 774. New,
£lOOO Each. Bills 6 6
.1500 Ditto 6 7
£lOO and .1900 Do. 8

FOREIG:

Brazilian, S7f a a ; for Account
1824 for AM, 54 Russian, 89} ,
for Ace, lel. Spanish 1823,14 i
per Ct, 511175 e. Exchange, 4511

i STOCKS.
t, 571 1. Danish, S9l. Mesiean,
; for Acet,69}. Spenisb. 151 161 ;
I. French S per Ct, 67f. Three
Me.

PUBLIC
Bank Stock, 196 i
India Stock, —. Bonds, I dis
London Docks, ,e 59 10.
St. Catherine's, 4111 10$
City Gas, £l9O
Bank of Scotland, £167
British Linen, £250
Grand Junction, £243
Leeds, £.'95
Regent's, £lB 101

IMPANIES.
Irish Grind Canal, 73
Forth rad Clyde, teas
Lit. & hlanliailway,lSS tomb()
Cromford, £45
Guardian,
Albion Fire, ,875
Alliance, £8 5s
County, £4O
Solana, Mines, £lBO
Steam Navigation, dis. £6 1.51

Orta o'CLocz.—Barometer, 49-54 ;
Weather, cloudy, and showers.

r, 60. Wind &

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27.

It is observable in the history of nations, that the abuses
of bad government, or legislation perverted for the purely
selfish object of those in authority, often produce results of a
very contrary effect, and destructive of the authority they had
been directed to maintain. Never was there a more perfect
illustration of this remark, than what has occurred in this
country. A terror at legislative reform, which appeared
likely to gain ascendancy from the first French Revolution,
drove the boroughmongering oligarchy, who had obtained
ascendancy in this nation, to support an ambitious and boldly
enteiprising, but not sound-principled minister, in making a
war with France: which, while it called forth certain spe-
cies of the energies of the people, lavished its capital with
an unexampled prodigality, and gave increase to what is
called a public debt—if that can be correctly designated a
debt, the principal of which its very fabricators have lived
to declare, is never intended to be paid, and the in-
terest of which the utmost economy is essentially requi-
