7.; course ; he despised his calumniators; he con-
that every Englishman ought to be free.—
Ina he meant by freedom, his distinction between
;„rte and slavery, was this, a free ioeople ought to
;re a voice in the Councils of the Nation—.4he laws
bind them should be made by their Representa•
and with their consent—(Great applause)—but
:.;7es are bound by laws that are made, not by their
L.:pre ic ntatives and not with their consent. (Applause.)
ne:er ye; heard any rational mill contend that
FortiJit of Englishmen ought to be slaves. He
t. coo:ended and ever would contend, that every
.- ought to lie free. He was requested to
t.tke the Chair at the late Manchester. Meeting by a
::amerous body of the People—and here be would
t,,ke the opportunity of rebutting a calumny. He
was called an itinerant orator—he was designated by
ee base Government Press as a person who went
Ow country to inflame it. Now, be had only •
: • ,ay, that he never attended any Public Meeting
he was nut as well entitled to act as an Elector
~; Middlesex is at a Meeting of his County. He
actc,l at Public Meetings at Bristol, at Somersetshire,
Wiltshire, at Hampshire, and at London. But
u•ai a freeholder of Bristol, of Somersetshire, and
;•Z ; he was a resident of Hampshire, and a
U,:cry man of London—(Loud app/ause)—therefore
:Lid a right to act in those places. When lie at-
tl.e Meetings at Westminster, he paid taxes
acre, and was entitled to attend those Meetings. He
attended Meetings at Spafields, it was true—but he
Ltd no baud in calling those Meetings, he was in-
titel to attend them, and in accepting those invita-
tatians he only did his duty ppkasso In the
statement he would confine himself to particular facts.
h was not necessary for him to enlarge on mattes
ri.:6 those who have read The Star, The Times
Globe, and The Statesman, must be acquainted

but there were some facts which were not be-
the Public, to which he would advert. Gentle-
r..:l would recollect that a Meeting was originally
vr..lcd to be held at Manchester, .which the Magi-
,: declared to be illegal. The people did not
1.1:a bat they called another Meeting, confined to
.3.,:rposet the legality ani propriety of which could
r..tt be denied. The Magistrates did not previously
•censure this Meeting—no placard was put forth by
the M.tgibtrates—no caution was given to the people
an to attend this Meeting—and the people attended
it under the full conviction that the Meeting was le-
gal, and that they weie safe. A repent, on the Fri.
day evening before the Meetins, having been circu-
lated, that a warrant had been isstNti against him, he
went Manchester, had an interview with the Magi-
itrates, who informed him that he was misinformed`,.
thaw) warrant had been issued against him, nor was
there any intention to issue any such'svarrant.- Now
Eow was this transaction announced in one of the

Newspapers ? It commenced thus--" Another bounce
of Hunt"—that is, when he went for infOrmation, in
order to take even the pretence of exciting distur-
bance front the Magistrates at the Meeting, when he
Et! what was his duty fairly, openly, and, he trusted,
prudently, this was described as being n another
bounce of Hunt." The Meeting took plate on the
appointed day=there were at least 150,000 per-
sons present, of whom 20,000 were women and
infant children. He had not been at the Hustings
t:orc than ten minutes when the Yeomen,. M
iczrishing manner, entzred the field. They drew up,
fora moment, to fall into order. He that at 13ris-

ha,. held Meetings, surrounded by the Military,
where tne strongest Resolutions were passed in their
hearing, did not suspect the object of the Yeomen.—
A alarm was spread at the outskirts of the as-
scisb:age ; but he cheered the people—he desired
Benin to stand, and they did so. Meantime the Ca-
ralry drew their swordeven the drawing of their
swords set their horses in disorder.—(Loud laughter).
The cheers of the people had not !ken finished, when
those
the unarmed multitude,, cutting and riding over all
fiat were bdere them ; it might be truly said, that
they spared neither sex nor age—they felt not for the
beauty of woman, or the veneration of ate, or the
helplessness of childhood, but cut all before them,
vithont distinction, and without mercy. He himself
saw one of these
Numbers were killed and wounded—no rtsistance
was made—the people assembled unarmed, as they
had always done before. Naturally anxious to pre-
serve the public peace, he had constantly entreated
of the people to assemble unarmed ; perhaps lac acted
wrong, but he never would do so again. Until these
....., were brought to justice, he never would de-
Lre the people to go unarmed in order to be cut to
death by an Yeomanry. At this dread-
s:, anzck S(X) at least were badly wounded—(Lead
(:us of—'" Horrid! horrid—Shaine ! shame n
le people, in their despair and wretchedness, might
r:ppose that he had brought them there to be cut
'cPteces ; but they did not think so—they were too
iee,!roas and ton good to think so, and he was re-
e•:.r:d from his dungeon with an enthusiastic: wel-
;.nz. When a Commanding Officer came up to him
:7. a blustering manner at the hustings, he called a
*:e officer and surrendered. He did so to try a
pzat political question—(Applause.) lie knew he
a right to shoot the man who disturbed him in
exercise of his rights; but he knew also that he
on thosehustings as a public agent, and had they
i pieces, he would not have raised his finger
thent. The consciousness of having acted
good constitution—a fearless heart—and,
. the certain confidence in the protection
e• a ;-.•:.r este. POWER, who looked down upon
e dannties of his country, enabled him to bear
on that dreadful day—(Great applaitte4--As
a. he received several cuts, some two inches'
sabres of Yeomen were'
,i;:.:1:11t him ; but Nadia, monster as he is eons
vi.is more humane than the cavalry. lie
.11!) stood with Nadin—Nadin would have
•a labut he (Mr. Hunt) kept him in
:,;4—aad one fellow, of the game of
i•too., followed him with his pistols cocked.
s.t lodge their contents in his (Mr. Hones)
' ;"- --:';'rits (I 41 Oh .f the rile weasel's, gill he est
to jnaice r).--liut he contrived to keep
Nctween him and the assassin, as they pro-
ly caled him. When they were taking him from
/. 'stings, he saw one poor boy on his knees beg-
'2g mercy, and he saw.-ohl he never could forget
of the Yeomen whip the nose of the poor sup-
with a cut of bis sabre I.!—(B.riejes Vhorrar,
3 'te'r'm in:iignotiox all over the roans).—lle

aft": ,
h' s •

Z'3vt
