PARR OW lICROPULA.
This day was publishech
The Second Edition, considerably enlarged, price 4s.
.2‘.TREATISE on- SCROFULA, explanatory of a
Ifethoil for its Complete Eradication, in which Reasons are
clear:y and satisfactorily assigned for the frequent Failure of this
Mode of Treatment in the hinds of other Practitioners, and many.
additional Cases of Cure detailed, with the cadres and places b(
abode pf several Patients.
Sy WILLIAM FARR,
Member of the Royal College of Surgeons, London, Ste.
London : Printed for G. Wigbtman, 46, Meet-stmt.
Gill/hens may be had, by the same Author, •
A Treatise on the Cara of Quoit Canter., Sao. rice Ss. M. •
TV

NEXT fiAl ..ADAY, Ism FEBRUARY, 1111146,-,
QIiERIDAN's PIZARRO for Three Pence, made*
1.7 at the Theatres Royal (with &line Embellishmete)Jehigtilet.
First Numbs: of •
• THE LONDON STAGE;
An tippet Mem Edition of the Drama, intended to comprise
the most Mamade Pieces, beautifully printed and embel.
lished, mei in commas, the most expensive Editions,
'ilk isegh .stead at less than half the Price of the cheapest. • A
Presbrapeiss Peace, will be published everf Saturday,
cesteinhOplther Tragedy, a Contedy,-an Opera, or Two Farces
'auk Plies tienbeilleited with a spirited Engraving. Eiery. Number
beisimplete is itself ; so that the Purchaser can bind cheat in
telesses as be planes. A General Title will be given at the cous-
assecemeet, which will be- repeated tray Ten Pans, and every
Forty Nunsisess.
No. 2 wilt cOetala the Pastors and the Mutt (both for Three
Pence), with Tees sepurier Embellishments.
A Part, wither
lima Weekly Numbers, price One Shilling,
will bs peblished M the First slavery Month, for circulation with
the Mewing& Part L wiw brpublished on the First of April,
containing Pizarro, The BThe Duenna, The Padlock, and
The
eraillessarke One
for the lisserietors by Sherwood, Jones, and Co. Pa.
ternellieS2OW. P4llllllll by Gy' it and Balne,3B, Gracechurcis.street ;
anima by all Illsobselbuynnd Newsmen.

NEW REVIEW,
To be published every Two Months.
Early in March will appear, price 6s. No. L of
THE UNIVERSAL REVIEW; or, CHRONICLE
vf the LITERATURE of all NATIONS. The vast and
perpetually increasing abundance of English Publications, and the
new vigour which politital circumstances, and the general growth
of the popular mind, bare excited in. Foreign Literature, deserve a
more frequent and comprehensive survey than that which it is within
the plan of our principal Reviews to give; and the deep and spread-
ing influence of English Opinion in the Old and New Worlds,. um
questionably requires that it should be delivered ill the spirit of
manliness and Integrity, sincere, learned, and impartial. On the
Continent. a new and brilliant period has opened, that almost re-
sembles, the Fifteenth Century, in the suddenness, masculine
strength, and original splendour, of its intellectual exertion. In
France, in Germany, throughout the North and East of Europe,
from Siberia to Hungary, great acquisitions have been made in
every region of mental and physical discovery, into which powerful
and accomplished minds could break their way. Of these labours
the English Render has been kept in general ignorance; an igno-
rance which it is presumed will be within the scope of Tux UAW
VIRNAL Revtzw to enlighten. In Politics, honouring the wisdom of
their ancestors, they will be the abetion neither of change nor of
corruption. Their principles are Constitnelead and National. In
Religion, not less honouring dm beanie and sincerity of the Foam,
den of the Established Omni, they Will respect conscientious dif.
fermiers of opinion. In Criticism, they will nit indulge in Bray
writing. General Views and Abstracts of the more important
Classes of Knowledge will be given from time to time ; an original
feature, which they contemplate as of peculiar utility to the tits;
dent. To meet the rapidity of Modem Publication, the Review ,
will appear every_ Two Mourn.: : a portion of each Number will
beset wart for Foreign Works. In this mode, every Work of the
per, list can be conceived to be of any value, will be described
within Ms year ; the purpose of the Vesseasa& Review beluitill
s,ci:
palm be give that-sufficient and inunediate knowledge of
wheel& may enable the Student the Collector, and the general,
Reader, to decide at once bow fir they may gratify their tutu, or
assist their studies and opinions.
The First Number wilfbe published in March, 1324, by O.iud
W. B. Whitney, Avo.filaria-lane, London ; and Waugh and Innis,
Edinburgh. -
• • Listen and Communications,. dm to be forwarded to G.
and W. B. Whittaker.


-
