. .
.... .
. -
./. , •
. . 1
. . .
/ I, 1 (.: ti"..l.s- •h.
...
.. .
. ':'''''.'derg.. !,," 410 111.1. I 1•••• .
\ ..
-4- •
.4, ~.,- . vs, f- ,-- • . • .....".., • .%
, -
. . . ---::- = * .0-f-,-, ~e 4. ,
...,„, 1i,,.., 06,11/41(.14 - . ~, ..4-. y. •, , .Atl .
c)%114, : lift
•,..„.....4: ~.,...,.•..: '"
.•
14,....iii pr.. . • • - , ..7 .- Ce..__:-.- - •• ' -
(---Aier
....
. .
...I1 .•
- :::
- .... • . . . .
. ... -4)
. .
.a.\,........:.).„....4::,..

THURSDAY, AM

• •
MONEY.—Any Amount, from £2OO to
may be obtained immediately, on Freehold, long LOOM.
hold, Fieversions, Marriage Settlements, Funded or other mph
valent Property. Noblemen and Gentlemen, of ample ftipoo-
sibility, accommodated on Personal: Securicp—For partieutin
apply to Mr. Moor, No. 125, Strand (if by letter, post paid),
where communications will meet with implicit confidence and,
attention.

W-14. 182

NEGRO SLArPRY.

,T.Seventeenth Report of the Directors of the
Aftican Institution has just been printed. It contains
gratifying evidence of the exertions made by the Bri-,
Government to procure the complete abolition of
Slavery by the European Powers. Nothing couli be
more forcible than the Memoir on this subject. pre-
sented to the Congress at Verona by the Duke of
Virzu.twcros; it paints the horrors of slavery in-its'
true colours, and stets that 38,000 human beings
were carried into slavery in the short period of, sevep
months of the year 1821 : nor is the manner in which
the horrid traffic is carried on, less barbirous than it
was formerly. . The Report gives a circumstantial
and interesting account of the capture of the Vigi-
lante, and other elave-ships captured by the British
cruisers. The plate annexed to this Report represents
this brig, which sailed from Nantes on a slave-
voyage, and was captured by Lieutenant MILDMAI,
in the River Bonny, on the coast of Africa, on the
15th of April, 1822.
Her harden was 240 tons, and she had on board
at the time of her capture 345 slaved. She was
manned by thirty men, armed with four twelve-
pounders, all of which were brought over to one side
of the ship for the attack.
_

[P K t c g

•
OPEE.4.7IuNS OF 7'HE DirIIHOT 'HP T•HE
GRIIIIR FLEET IN THE ISLE OR MAROS:

This day was published, price 6s.
THE EDINBURGH REVIEW, and CRITICAL
JOURNAL, No. 76.
Cortylers.-1. Literary Property, late Judgments of the
Chancellor-2. Sir William G Captain.hilanby's
Apparatus for Wrecks-4. The Periodical Press-5. British
Museum-6. Wilson's Travels in Egypt, and the Holy Land-;-•
7. French Geology of Scetland-6. Early Moral Education-9.
Highways and Byways-10. Carnot, &c. on the Defence of
Fortified Places—ii. Navigation Laws-12. The Emperor Na-
poleon—Quarterly List of new PublicatSoue.
Printed for Archibald Constable and Co. Edinburgh; and
Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orate, Brown, and Green, London.

.

This day was published,
In Three Volumes, itmo. price 165.61.
THEODORE CYPI:ION ; or, The Benevolent Jew.
A NoveL SecoodEdition. Ey GEORGE WALKER,
Author of the Three tipan‘lards, &e. '
Printed for A. K. NEWMAN and Co. London.

NAXOS, MAY 23.
Oa the 27th April a Hydriote vessel passing by
the city. of Naxos, made a signal by means .of its
colours, and continuing its course, proceeded to an-
chor in the harbour of St. Procopius, distant about
one league N.E. of the city. Three Primates went
immediately on board this vessel, and returned in
about three hours, accompanied by the commandant
of the navy, who is called lazaros-Lalla.
This officer, upon his arrival, caused all the prin-
cipal members of the Government to assemble, with
a view of comenoolcating to them the dispatches of
which he was the bearer from the Senate of
.11ydra,
the purport of which was, that they were to prepare
without delay all that might be necessary for the-use
of the Greek fleet, which in two days after was to
make its appearance in that harbour; that is to say,
one hundred head of cattle, the same number of
sheep, 600 vessels of oil, 400 barrels of. wine, 40
quintals (or hundred weight) of forage, and 34,000
piaster; in money. At this exorbitant demand all
stared with astonishment, and they began to express
their discontent in loud murmurs; but the people
halting learned that there was an understanding be:
tween the chief men of the island and the Hydriote
envoy, took no further steps in the affair.
On the 29th of April, twelve Hydriote vessels
passed before Naxos, jilnd came to an anchor at Sr.
Procopius. This aiparition alarmed the a ommon
.people excessively, while. the Grandees, on the con-
trary, exhibited signs of satisfaction; the foriner v: ith
reason, because they foresaw their mist-saltine and.
the latter, because they thought that this event would
afford them a favourable opportunity for revenge.
Awl' here it is necessary to remark, that-very great
dissensions prevail amongst the two palates into which
this country is divided. The first is that of the Ai thous,
'also were very feebly supported; the other that.of
Michael Marcopoliti, the head of the villages, who
has acquired the favour of the majority -of the lower
orders. Thus, upon the arrival of those twelve yes,
sels the Archons availed themselves of their aid toga.
Suet their authority amonst the people, whom they
-compelled to do as they pleased. They obliged those
poor creatures to pay a tax of five piasters etch, and
they imposed a still larger contribution upon the un-
fortunate Chiots, who had taken refuge here in a state
of great destitution. Two Primates, accompanied by
four Hydtiotes, well armed, went from door to door
to levy the money, and they enforced their demand
amidst the sighs and lamentable cries of those from
whom it was extorted. How often, upon such occa-
sions, has it been represented to them that their ty-
ranny far exceeded that of the Turks.
The crews of the different vessels traversed the
most distant villages, bearing off, without mercy,
everything they could lay their hands on. They"
drove away cows and sheep, and- pillaged, without
distinction, the property both of Greek and Catholic,
whilst the poor"owners, who came with tears in their
eyes to make their complaints, were listened to with ,
the utmost indifference. ' .
Thus have the Greeks belonging to these arma-
ments marched through our unhappy islarid, taking
away everything valuable, to the last hen or the last
farthing of the wretched inhabitants, and woe to them
if they dared-to utter the slightest complaint. •
This is a faithful account of what has happened on
our unhappy island, and of,all the miseries to which
the has been lately.subjectel---7joarxel des Debats.

Where may be had, New Editions of the following,
Balance of Comfort, 4th edition, 3 v015.165.6d.
Beggar Girl, 3d edition, S vols. 1L 76.6 d.
Louisa, or the Cottage on the Moor, 6th edition, 2 vols. 10s.
Farmer of Inglew:)od Forest, 3d edition, 4 vols. IL
Manfrone, or the One-handed Monk, 114 edition, 4 vols. It.
St. Margaret's Cave, or the Nun's Story, 2d edit. 4 vols. 11.
Bravo of Bohemia, or the Black Forest, 2d edit. 4 vols. U.
Old Manor House, 3d edit. 4 vols. 11. Ss.
Man aa he is, 3d edit. 4 vols. 11.
Very strange but very true, 2d edit. 4 vols. 11.
Astonishment, a Romance, 2d edit. 3 vols. 15s.
Recess, a Tale of other Times, -6th edition, 3 vols. 16s. 6d.
Albert, or the Wilds of &ratknavern, 2d edit. 4 vols. 11.
Maid of the Hamlet, 3d edit. 2 vols. 10s. •
Vicar of Landsown, 3d edit. 2 vols. 10s.
Mysteries of the Forest, 2d edit, 3 vols. 16s. 6d.
Children of the Abbey, 9th edit. 4 vols.ll. 4s.
Juvenile Indiscretions, 24 edit. 5 vols. IL 2s. 64.

The circumstances of the case ate thus stated : Sir
ROBERT MawDe was commander of a squadron on
the coast of Africa, stationed there by the Btitish
Government to prevent the infraction of the laws for
the Abolition of the Slave Trade. He sent out Lieu-
tenant MILDMAT, with the boats belonging to his
vessel, to reconnoitre the river Bonny, a place noto-
rious for carrying on this traffic. The boats having
crossed the bar-soon after daylight, about seven
o'clock, six sail, two schooners and four brigs, were
observed lying at anchor off the town of Bonny..
When the boats were about four miles off, they dis-
played their colours ; and, as they advanced, the slave
vessels were seen moored across the stream, with
springs on their cables, all armed, with apparently
about 4.00 slaves on board, and the crews fully pre-
pared to resist aqy attack that might be made upon
them. The two schooners and three of the brigs ,
opened a heavy fire of canister and grape shot and
musketry upon the English boats as they advanced.
When the latter were near enough for theinshots to
take effect, the firing was returned. They advanced,
and in a short time took possession of all the vesseli.
The other ships proved to be, the Yeanam, a Spa-
nish schooner from the Havannah, of 360 tons, and
380 slaves on board ; the Vicua, a Spanish schooner
from the Havannah, 190 tons, and 325 slaves on
board ; the Petite Betsey., a French brig from Nantes,
184 tons, with 218 slaves on board; Ursula, a French
brigantine from St. Pierre, Martinique, 100 tons, and
341 slales on board ; all manned and aimed in such-
* *ay, as that they might fight desperately if at-
tacked. The Theodore, a French brig, had no slaves
on board ; but a cargo was on shore, in readiness.
Many of the slaves jumped overboard during the
engagement, and were devoured by the sharks'. On
board the Yeanam, which made the most determined
resistance, the slaves suffered much ; four were killed
and ten wounded.

Of the wounded, three were females ;• one girl,
about ten years of age, lost both her legs ; another
her right arm, and a third was shot in the side. Even
after the vessel had surrendered, a number of Spa-'
nigh sailors skulked belovi, and, arming the slaves
with muskets, made them fife upwards upon the-Bri-
tish. Qn board the ship Lieutenant MILDMAY ob-
served a slave girl, about twelve or thirteen years .of
age, in irons, to which was fastened a thick iron
chain, ten feet in length, that was dragged along as',
she moved. He ordered the girl to be instantly re-
leased from this fetter ; and, that the Captain; who
had treated her so cruelly might not be ignorant of
the pain inflicted upon an unprotected and innocent
child, .the irons were ordered to be put upon him.
The Spanish schoonet,Vicua, when taken possession
of, bad a lighted match hanging over the open ma-
gazine hatch. The match was placed there by the
crew, before they leaped overboard and swam for the
shore ; it was seen by one of the British seamen, who ,1
boldly put his hat under the burning wick and re-
Moved it. The magazine contained a large quantity
of powder. One spark from the flaming match would
have blown up 325 unfortunate victims lying in irons
in the hold.—These monsters in iniquity expressed
their deep regret after the action, that their diabolical
plan had failed.
Tim slaves, at the time of the capture of the vessel,
were found in the moat wretched condition. Some
lying on their backs, others sitting on the bottom of
the ship. They were chained to each other by the
arms-and legs: iron collars were placed round their
necks, of which a drawing is given. In addition to
these previsions for confinement, they were fastened
together by a long chain, which connected several of
, the collars for their greater security in that prison.
Thumb-screws, to be used as instruments -of tor-
ture, were also found in the vessel. FrOmlheir con-
finement and sufferings the slaves often injured them-
selves by beating, and vented their grief upon such
as were next them, by biting and tearing their flesh.
Some of them were bound with cords, and many had
'their arms gtievously lacerated. Upwards•of ISO of
the slaves died on their passage to Siena Leone.
The Spanish schooner from the liavannah was sepa-
rated from the other vessels in a dreadful storm, as
they were proceeding to that colony, and sank with
380 slaves on board. The other vessels reached their
destination. Those from Spain were left at Sierra
Leone for adjudication by the mixed Commission
Court of Great Britain and Spain.; and those from
trance were sent to England, to be disposed of by.
the British Goveriatient, which o:dered them 'to sail
for France. The. slaves, howeierl. had all been pre-
viously liberated, and distribtiteditt the colony of
Sic ra Leone, through the villagealtettled.hrother
,captured negroes, where, they havi iegaiatd their
freedom, and now enjoy.,the cpp9nucky of being in-
stiuited iri the ins of agrieulture.and u.cchanics.
•

A few, days since: a penny 'of William the CO*
queror was dug up in the F, ins, Oxford, On the
obverse is a full-faced bust extending to the edge of
the coin, and crowned with an arched crown; the
right hand, holding a sceptre, is placed upon the left.
biesizt.• Round the head is the legend eitLet.st DEE
(t; was the Saxon w). The reverse has a single cross
extending nearly to the inner circle, with an amulet
in every quarter, each amulet containipg one of these
letters, P. A. E. a. The whole is surrounded with the
inscription HICLPINZ ON PINT. Near the SAM, spot
was found a London-penny of Edward I. On the
obverse the head extends only to the inner circle--.is
full-faced, and crowned with an open crown .of three
fieurs-tk-'s. The epigraph is EDW. a.. ANCL. zosa.
kin. The reverse is a single broad cross, extended
to the outer edge, with three pellets in each quarter,
and circumscribed with the-words cimax LONDON. •'
RUSH-DEARINGS.—On the 26th and 27th ultimo,
tbe ancient custom of Rush-bearings, took place at
Ambleside. About seven o'clock on the Saturday
evening, young girls, to the number of about forty,
formed the procession to the church, preceded by A
lband of music. Each of the girls bore in her bands
the usual rush bearings, the origin and signiEation
of which has so long puzzled the researches of all
our antiquarians. These elegant little trophies were
'disposed in till:thumb, round the pulpit, leading-
desk,peWs, &c. and had a really beautiful and,
posing effect. They thus remained during ;he Sun-
day, till the service was finished in the, aftemodn,
when x similar procession was formed to ebitveytlthe
trophieshotne again. We understand that formerly,
in some parts of Lancashire, a similar ceremony Piie-
vailed, under the same designation, in which the
rush-hearings were made in the form of females,
with a fanciful' rosette for the head; and on looking
at those in Ambleside, siamefaint resemblance of :the
female form may be traced in the oetlioe—at teat,
they neavly.all possessed the flowing outline of a pet-
ticoat. Na satisfactory explanation of this ce, e.siouy
has ever yet been given: the attempt at onr.i),--that
it is the remnant of an ancient custom uhicj, for 0. erly
of strewing the Ouch-floors v..)til
to preserve. the feet ftoM damp;, but We 941111(1 ic9n:-
ceive Whit reseinhlanee there islets/eel theßtadtce
of showing the church with rushes, Itoti.theiorphles
which are now pirriedeand Which bait kieeiVestrricki
fromili the 'llll'6es-60AL We.'sliOdid tidier hichielto
refer its ,olik4i 1. the4:4Tkfi•bc4ther4an, its a
resentati Asioilievirct th lisOr-
. .
