MADRID, DECEMBER Is.

~,

D. 77-57111 AilD. PLANDER
49.34PiritterMBETt. 19. •
The opening oPthe General Assembly' of the States
of the Kingdom took place yesterday, 'under the cti-
rectionof Mr. M. Bar, President of the Regency.
FROM THR FRENCH FRONTIERS, DEC. 26.
It is thought the Duke of Wellington will make
come considerable stay at Paris. Numerous couriers
continue to arrive at the Head-quarters, where it is
thought that important negociations are.carrying on
between the English and French Governments. The
best virderganding continues to prevail between the
Commanders of the different Corps of the Allied
Army and the French Magistrates, and the strictest
discipline is maintained.
BRUSSELS, DECEMBER sot—
Monsieur Maubreuil has appealed to the Court of
Cassation against the decree made in his cause by the
Royal Court of Doaay. The first Chamber in one
of its last sittings hail confirmed three projects of
law sent up from tke second Chamber, viz.—That
concerning the provisioinel continuation of the rising
citte revenues of the State after the Ist of January,
1818—That relative to the free trade in tea-and
that on the tax upon inheritances. •

PETERSBURGH, D.!CIDIBER s.
The Austrian and Bavarian Ambassadors are.` on
the jmint of setting out forldoocow. Ham the cold
set ns, the winter is nninterreptel 'Wee: me
large quantities of snow that have fallen facilitate
coeinsunications with the interior of ter *vim
Daces/am' 10.-4 t is slid eat a idfdpiesellits bum
made to the Government, in eider tot* a %Wasp
to the ruinous and -detestable ccilltrabahlimtdos,boT
cut the inse,of violdommemstrth, *MA nog
gays insufficient to bon kirtodatises mike boa
of the Holy Alliance, I which thriakek voted be,
" That every Power which takes a part in the Holy
Alliance should have teseenriiiklbetstepods said
be conveyed from or AMMO iiiio//11Xer. leldllne
of another State in which ifer?ostkeibibeir
As theating, cunning,
motives of the smuggs, on the one boils .IMoi7el
oarners
the other, the scandalous inclination of
to extravagance, are directly opposite to "kit of
Christianity, Commercial Treaties c this
principle would certainly be the only mos confer.
irtible to this spirit. The lawful intercourse of the
di &rent Nations of the earth would be secured
by them.
A solemn Funeral Service has-been paansmid ilk
th ! English Church here, on decosio alio didik-of
the Princess Charlotte

HAGUE, DIMBIEBER se.
Yesterday evening his Royal Highness the Prince
of Orange, for the arA time smce his Man to this
placer. libuoured' the Theatre with his ; it
milli the first time he sat in the =s-
limed bolt Atted up for him, next to that of their
Majesties The mindeut his Royal Highness emoted,
accorlipinietrby six Aid-de-camps, 'ln bialiencrars
uniform, and wearing several Orders; the whole of
the numerous audience rose, and welcomed him with
long-continued acclamations, clapping of hands, and
gins of " Long live the Prince r His loyal High-
ness seemed much affected by these testimonies of
attichntean to his person.

VIENNA, DECEMBER 13.
The Frusian Councillor of State, Vatt Jordan,
wl}o. expleted this evening, will probably make a
lent sty-here, as his mission is said to embrace very
iniptrant objects. Among other things it is stated
&statesman:l will be concerted between our Court
and thit of Prussia, to check the abuses and licen-
tiousness of the Press, which threatens Germany with
inellculable evils, unless wise and energetic measures
are speedily adapted. In order to secure to the Na-
tioas- of Ge ,raWny the enjoyment of a reasonable
liberty of the Press, and in general a high degree of
dvii and political freedom, it is necessary, before all
things, to oppose a powerful barrier to the license of
tlimess and lawless insubordination which begins
teeliffeisrirself in so many places. By The apostles of
likeity who now preach every where from dte house
taji, Germany can only be plunged eiher into the
most dreadful anarchy, or the most frightful despo-
tism, either of which would stifle for many years the
seeds of improvement in our country.

VIENNA, DECEMBER szo.

• The Advertiser of Milan, of the 6th, announces
that the Villa of Este, which belongs to her Royal
Highness the Princess of Wales upon the Lake of
Como, is now to be sold with all its dependencies,—
The greater part of the suit of his Imperial Highness
the Archduke Rainer, who is appointed Vice-my of
Lombardy, has already set out to travel by short
stages to Milan. It is said that this Prince, as soon
as he arrives in Italy, will espouse his cousin, the
Archduchess Maria Louisa, of'fuscany.
Count Lauraw, the Governor of Lombardy, who
artire4 on the 15th, has had a lung conference with,
the trnperor. It is remarked that the Governors of
the Kingdoms of Bohemia, Italy, Gallieia, and
Illyria, are all at the same time in this city, whence
it is inferred that some changes are intended in the
civil administration of those provinces. A new sys-
tem for the general arming in time of sear, it also
spoken of.
The celebrated chemist BEavtlaus has been raisrd
to the rank of Nobility by the King of waosA, on
account of his great talents as a chemical philosopher.
HAMBURGH, DECEMBER 25.

The Elbe is already full of floating ice ; some ves-
sels which attempted to get up the Elbe, have been
obliged to put back to Cuxhaven ; the navigation of
smaD craft on the Elbe is not entirely stopped.

.Tite Fitasumic MANuscatrts,—The publication
of the sectiastportion of these valuable and interest,
kg Papers, is merely delayed, for a few days. It-is
to appear at the same time in Engrand, France, and
America. This second portion contains the Me-
moirs of Dr.. FRANI.LIN.B Life and Writings, now
first published front the original MS. written by him-
o -to a late period, and continued to the time of
Si* death by his grandson, Ww. TimisLz
LIN. Public curiosity has, perhaps, sever beeu more
lighly raised than towards this Werk, which has so
]emsbeen confidently asserted to have been suppres-
sed-hy the British Government.

\

\~ t

4. per __ 9614—Navy ,
India Bonds 98 99 prk-i-Lsch. Bills 17.28 pr.
Ms Paris Papers of Wednesday, Thursday, on:d
'Nay last, arrived this morning.
• the Chamber of Peers on Tuna/ concluded their
deliberations on the Project of Law relative to the
la'Zszciat
Jind adopted it without ay alter ttion, by
• of 105 to 52. Two muuttdmmts were
.
to the effect of arias * new Articlel
the Law, aud the other for blitigiag its duration
Nib" Ist of March nut; but Midi Isere set aside by
the previous tpaestiou. * •
. The Project • data adopted was presented to the
' by a deputation of the Peers on the following
, and a Royal Qrdonnunce was afterwards issued
104 it into a law. '
In the Chamber of Deputies they have been Prii-
rtely occupied with. the examination of tht Budg•ef
the Project of Law on the recruitment of
Asairr. No public .bitting was expected to
till Saturday.

..`

On Wednesday, being the last day of the expired
year, a Deputation from the Chamber of Peers, and
Soother from the Deputies, waited upon the King,
nod presented to his Majesty, seated on the Throne,
by the Princes of the Blood, the Mi '
mute;
Den, Marshals, and other great Dignitaries of tint
atete, the usual congratulations of the MUM.
TM KING afterwards presidetaaturs! M. • .
Council, which sat for above two • "Ile Dub!
of Weultioroo had, ou the day precialing,-haci a
long private audience of his MaJzsrv. Hil'Gracc
has, it is said, declined the mediation between France
and Prussia, which a certain great Potentate had
pressed upon him. The expectation in Paris now is,l
that he will shortly return to Cambay, but revisit
Paris in March.
A Royal Ordonnauce nominates the Duke of Ilicnz-
my and M. Csaes, Chevaliers of the Order of the
Legion of Honour. . •
M. FACET DZ BAUSIE, of the Chamber of Depu-
ties, in the recent debates of which he took a &Kin-
gnished part, tried on the morning of the Slst - •
el deputation of twelve Members has been appointed
by the Chamber to attend his funeral obsequies. As
allft well-informed, sod vigilant Repressor-
* ..
People, his loss will be felt and tvgrect7ed.
A proposal is said to law been Made oti the part
of Goveramest to M., SalllYntil, who was a few days
since brought under the cognizance of the totem-
tional Police for his Pamphlet Os the State eLiberty
it France, to accept of a certain sum of money as an
indemnity for the expenses of printing. ice. and to
suppress the weeks M. SCHYTIMR, however, it would
appear, has declined any compromise of the kind,
and insists on the continuation of his trial ; which, if
it does proeeecif will probably lead to discussions of
a description which no prudent Ministry would wish
to provoke.
The object of the author, in his work, has been to
point out the deplorable effects that have resulted
from the slavery of the press,the restrictions on indi-
v:ilual liberty, the absence of impartiality in judicial
proceedings, and the arbitrary coniuct of those in-
trusted with the interior administration of the king-
dom. On this last point he lays peculiar stress.—
The following are some extracts on the subject :
• Thus no sooner has a faction predominated in the
capital, than its power has been recognized over all
France, merely with the help of a telegraphic dis-
patch, of the gendarmes stationed on the high roads
and in the towns, and of the police agents. The par-
, tial opposition that has sometimes displayed itself in
the provinces, has never been successful, and has al-
ways been too weak and too circumscribed to form
an exception to the general rule.
" In the Eastern countries, a revolution in the Se-
raglio is, in fact, a general revohnion, and the chi
proclaimed by a few Janissaries is acknowiedged by.
the whole kingdom. In France, when one or mare
' '
prione tate possession of the- seat of Government,
Ithirty millions of men bow down before them. Paris
in, .in comparison to France, what the Seraglio is to
Turkey. The despot Bonaparte had too much talent
not' ifpative the advantages that could be d-srivecl
troM a similar order of things, for the establislunefit
4;of 44.inost absolute power ' ' •
14 Itaeresonow consider the situation of the Depart-
melitsitativspapers, if so we may term those pitiful
/*Wilt* only serve for the insertion of advertise-
.. ' They all bear the stamp of tle Prefect's ho-
.iThe slavery under which they languish is such,
that they are generally obliged to take from the Paris
Papers the news of the verynovms where they are
printed 1. nor are they allowed to insert any foreign
intelligence without having previously forwarded it
14 Paris for approbation. Thus the Lisle Paper gives
ether sem from Belgium than what it extracts
huh the Faris Journals, and the one of Strasburgh
iitra4 from th-4 same source its information concern
higeSuanany. Political 'discussions are also strictly
colluded. Is an* word, there are no Newspapers is
France but shat we prised in Paris. It is only is
Paris that there is seam-degree of freedom of the

_ powerful in the
Police is in Paris.

is obliged to
pamphlets he has
that all of them

slavery of tll e

Mew', violations of indi-
vidual - , lac. and which
are * far more numerous in the departments than
at Paris, because public opinion having no ways"(
manifesting itself, is of course much weaker, and
cannot serve as a check on arbitrary measures."
aln the third chapter M. Scheffer discusses the
[propriety of keeping 12,000 Swiss in the pay
;France, and of appointing mercenaries to guard the
Royal Palace. France has, at this moment, thou-
,sands of men who have fought the battles of their
.country, and who are not employed, it is said, an,
account of the disastrous state of the finances--atit,
yet these foreigners receive more than twenty milli:tali
francs annually for performing the same duty as
the national guards, for by the Treaty with Switzer-
land, they are not bound to perform military duty
out of the kingdom.
Some of the facts mentioned in the chapter on tit e

actual state of French Criminal JUrispruclenee, are
worthy of notice. In that country the principles of
Trial by Jury seem to be strangely understood. The
Jury is nominated by the Prefects and Crown Law-
yers--and as if this was not sufficient to secure a
ministerial verdict, the Jury have only to decide on'
a series of questions drawn up by the Judge, and as
numerous as complicatel, and as metaphysical as he
may chttse to make them.
The following extract will exemplify this, aad will
show what efforts were made by the Government to
obtain the punishment of didt murdering adherents in
the South :

" Do we not behold the ashes of the murdered Protestants in
the South lnatdted by the impunity of the murderers?. Have

the 211014311 of General Brune been brought to pill? Have
those of General Rarnel suffered condign punishment? A man
of frightful celebrity, acquired by the murder of a number of tie
Protemoma, attempted to take away the life of a General de-
voted to WO =rya' cause, because be strove to save some few
victims from the fury of the Brig-Inds. Has this man suffered

for hie atrocity Why then have the Prevotal Cooru and the
Coons of Arise neglected to inflict an these men the punish-
meat due to their crimes? Crimes that are the more revoking,
as they were committed under the cloak of religion and loyalty
I must also ask, whether the Non-corninissimaed °racer, who

ordered a peasant to cry out Vise le Rol! and wbo, on his refa-
ni, fired twice at him, wounded heat. and thus causal his
death, after he had lingered twenty-two months In exquisite
tortures? I ask, whether that DWI was not au enemy to his
country art his King; wad yet he was only condemned to two
months imprisonment, and a fine of one aurtibudfrona (41. 3*. ed.)
Would it tot appear that all Frenchmen are pow goyazoad by
the same hors r

The French Funds have been rather on the rise for
some days past. On the 51st ultimo they closed at
164 fr. 60c. Such also is the growing confidence of
the 'Monied interest, that, if we may credit the Jour-
nals, the Ministers have had so many offers for the
ensuing Loan of twelve millions for 1818, that the
only difficulty they have is in choosing who they
shall oblige.

The Royal Decree, which ordains a levy to be
made of 18,000 men each year for the four ensiling
years, is already carrying into effect. Orders hare
been issued for the ballot of 1818, which is to com-
prehend all unmarried persons between the ages of
seventeen and thirty-six. Contrary to ancient usage,
the Nubility are equally with other ranks liable to
the ballot. Such Nobles as are drawn must either
serve personally as honorary soldiers or cadets, or
pay an exemption fine of '20,000 reals (C2OB. 6s. Bd.
.English).

Admiral Don Cayetano Valdez, one of our most
distinguished General Officers, who has been for a
long time in exile at Alicant, has been charged by
his Majesry with the honourable commission of pro-
ceeding to Carthagena, for the purpose of establish-
ing a new system in the administration of Marine.—
The Admiral was Captain-General of the department
of Cadiz, in the time of the Cortes, and it was by his
authority the Constitution was published in that city.

Two Mails from Ilamburgh have arrived te-day,
from the Papers brought by which we subjoin an
account of the first proceedings of the Swedish Diet,
and some other i*teresting extracts. Our Readers
will be pleased to see the degree of independent re-
monstrance displayed by the Swedish Representa-
tives in their Address to the Throne, while they can-
rot but lament the afflicting causes which hive de-
manded its nettidee

!STOCKHOLM. DECEMBER 14.

DELIBERATIONS 01 THE Dim IN THE ESTATE Of THE

PEASANTS.

The report of his Majesty, respecting what has
paved in the Government of the Kingdom since the
_ _

last Diet, was read. On the motion of Senator Lem-
nelitts, of Stockholm, it was resolved to send a Depu-
tation to invite the other estates to, send a great De-
putatior. to his Majesty the King and to their Royal
Highnesses the Crown Prince and the Ileveditary
Prince, in order to express their respect and gratitude
for his Majesty's paternal care for the welfare of the
Kingdom, and the indlfatigable excrtious of his
Royal Highness the Crown Prince to support his
Majesty's goitrous inteistioti; and a!to their jOY that
the Herfiiitarr Prince has attained I.is rnajwity, by
which be has become a new support of theAwedt,h

Throne. (After this there followed some
ispecting the late failure of the Gotha Canal
IBank, respecting which some Members thengii
States were not sufficiently informed).
In the Equestrian Order, it was resolved, 4.. r
reading the invitation from the other Estate
ing an Address to the King, the Crown Pritcf,
his Son to take parts k it; but Baron Corfits Lrva
Sue' Von Holstein proposed, when it Was pi:m:4e ,
,to lay before the King the resent&suessed
of the Kingdom, which has become so crick:4, kl;y
titularly in respect to tho prime property 4 14
people, that it cannot pay the ordinary taaes wiam
danger of entire ruin, and humbly to request Ls
Majesty graciously to attend to it, and so -adopt, *
speedily as possible, measures to prevent the nit;
the people; this addition being proposed by ;is
Land-Marshal, was adopted.
Lieutenant-General Count Ankarssroerd, L.
Marshal in 1809 and 1810, declared this add;uo,*
be the more necessary, as the internal financial
of the kingdom, had never been more dangeroLs,
a stagnation of all trade and all business Lau
place. The cause of•this situation w.is to Ui ,34,7*
in the opiaion of the Court, in the false me.,uire,,,
posed by necessity, of former Diets, on increasifigt:l,
twos of paper currency, and in approving of ,ii,c**
hanks, the mischievous effects of which were Ort*
by experience io the undertaking of a canal, 44,2
deceitful grounds, which was now considried err es
reeding the ability of the kingdom ; and is
abuses and deviations from the regulations of
discount banks, as at Malmoe, by which a pat
of their own notes was put in circulation. like tl
of the Gotha Canal, the bills of which were att..
in the Bank.
In the estate of the Clergy the proposed Ack,
received an addition, expressing the lively gran:
of the Swedish nation for the rJpplies of cora
which his Majesty had assisted some districts,
without this favour, would have been in drirs
famine.

In the conclusion of the reports of whet has pa.
in the governments of the kingdom since
Pict, his Majesty mentions the celebrities of
third centenary of the Reformation ; the rya::
of Bible Associations in the capital and t:te
vinces ; the encouragement of the vaccine inc.
tion ; and the assistance afforded to' the
' the metropolis, &c. A Mr. Swanson is sett to
land, to make himself acquainted with the S,
of Bell and Lancaster.
Though but few criminal causes have been brew
before the Royal Tribunals, his Majesty has
with regret that the fortresses are so full of prix:.
that there is want of room. As this properly aims
from the want of correction houses for idle saris
who are a burden to the public, his *Oar '
thought of means to execute the wishes of the!
for the erection of such establishments, and will
munieate a plan to them an the subject.
The Duke of Sudermania had a great wolf
in the neighbourhood of Sollentung, a leapt.
Stockholm, in which four wolves were shot, one
them by the Duke.

HANOVER, DRCEMMZR 14.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambril7
oast yesterday to pay a visit nt Cassel, and is tv,-.
to return its ton or'twelve dirs.

COPENII-IGEN, DECEMBER 23.

According to a report from the Danish Czr
Smyrna, dated 31st October last, the ragut
tifely cased in that city, and in the whole
the Consulate ; the same is the care in all F,-77:

MAN AU. DECEMBER N.
According to accounts from Imadust, tle
berationsabout the measum to be adopted
the Barbary Pirates are pu,rtued with t.lle met
able aesd. Representations have been addee
the European Powers, particularly the N.
Skates. News has also been received that nl
Limn had been opened between the great
Powers On this subject, which were carried t.1:1
Undoes, and afterwards at Paris, respecting
salt of which no communicatioa has been m
, the Dist.

Applications to the Porte do not promise me
should not be neglected. TLe ben plan would
cruising of a combined squadron of frigatr,
different European Powers in the sr_as
pirates, and the infliction of the severest scr.4
punidunent on such as were takes, and the dcrtre,
tion of their vessels. Their piracies are bet
more audacious than ever. The honcur of Germ
demands speedy measures. A squadron of nr
gates, and as many brigs, would be ahle to
them in check. l'ha Consuls in Barbary mos: be
instructed to give n. more Passes.

.:r •~.i

.. - .
• -
.. . r- •
.
' -
. .
D.77;111 AiilD. FLANDERS. JLS. THE k V eIiING"STAiti - • , rptiliatment. than the
~. _ *•
- * Ain the dePartment
a r ._ •
.
_.O . r i
.
IP 44,341ritIct.aitterIVISETt. 19. • LONDON. - -enensinit to the Prefer
- *thud. It msy be e
The opening oirthe General Assembly' of the States ...
of the Kingdom took place yesterday, 'under the di-
MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1818.
„, one net allowed to cir
rection'of Mr. M. Bar, President of the Regency. p 3.10
ar srocxs Thus imic,,,,e IWSINE 0' C LOgP
.",What has been sa
FROM THE FRENCH FRONTIERS, DEC. 96.
dataced 813 84,--Conn shutoe,Cons. for opg. 82188 per, is equally appli
It is thought the Duke of Wellington will make ,
___, r.,,,,.. ~D„, ..,„.. 5 ~,,r cent. shut
r V *owe considerable stay at Paris. Numerous couriers w pee
''''''' D„, Navy Bins 17.2 e pr.
are far harbertYmo'ret° thetturrj
continue to arrive at the Head-quarters, where it is India Bomb 96 99
-- at Paris, because Pu
thought that important negoctations are.carrying on
itself, •
between the English and French Governments. The Thee Thersday, and e Paris Papers of Wednesday, manifesting is
best mrdeneanding continues to prevail between the Friday last, arrived this morning. cannot serve as a chef
ai
1 Commanders of the different Corps of the Allied
Army and the French Magistrates, and the 'Sac
discipline is maintained. The Chamber of Peers on Tuesdae concluded their -a In the third cha
test deliberations on the Project of Law relative to the propriety of keeping
_and adopted it without May aka aion, by France. and et- appoi
BILUSSELS, DECEMBER att- i*-
i
a.____
~,z,
__• ef 105 W 52' Tw° ameedmants were Royal Palace. Franc
' Monsieur Maubreuil has appealed to the Court of
Cessation against the decree made in his cause by the inureloteee'one to the eruct of Wig * new Article sands of men who ha
• Royal Court of Douay. The first Chamber in one so the Law, end dui other for, limlieg its duration country, and who ar
of its last sittings ha/ confirmed three projects of to the Ist of March nest; but Itlith Imre set aside by account of the disastr
law sent up from the second Chamber, viz.—That the „revinus,„„ea,..._ • , -
yet these foreigners re
concerning the provisicmal continuation of the rising Tish'e . 5i."...'......thus
adopted
was Presented to the oil francs annually fa
4 the revenues of the State after the Ist of January,
. 181/3—That relative to the free trade in tea..-.and ging by a deputation of the Peers on the following the national guards, I
that on the tax upon inheritances.' day, and a Royal Ordonnance was afterwards issued land, they are not hi
PETERSBURGII, DB:UMBER 3. passing it into a law. out of the kingdom.
The Austrian and Bavarian A[nbassadurs are.. on ' In the Chamber of Deputies they have been Pri-' Some of the facts z
the.peint of setting out for.hioseow. Siam th• cold irately occupied with-the examination of the Budget. actual state of Reo,
set m, the winter is unieterrupeed sense. The
large quantities of snow that ha" fallen faeilitatithe and the Project of Law on thweasre:smpeckmteend ttoofsathkee worthy nf. notice. In
coomtunications with the interior eforiodlenta. Army. No public Bitting Trial by Jury seem ti
DIDCAMISZA 10.-It. is said that a been place till Saturday. ... Jury is nominated b
ma* to the Government, in eider oktidt a foetetoP On Wednesday, being the last day of the expired yers_and as if this
to the ruinous and detestable ecilleabiblieritde, *lth-
cut zhc =tea videloossoostra, *hies am imam year,. a
,Deputation from the Chamber of Peers, and • . •al verdict t
uleraps insufficient to Open *toast*. mike basis a series or questions e
anotner front the Deputies, waited upon the King, • .
. . of tha Holy Alliance, I which. threlealt *Wit be, and Presented to his Majesty, seated em the Th'e' numerous as complic
" That every Poorer which takes a part in the Holy 'surrounded by the Princes of the Blood, the Minis- may abuse to make I
1 Alliance should have to provida.timitoos•dsabonld sees, Marshals, and other great Dignitaries of the The following ear
/ be conveyed from or throve* i6160*116441111e5e State, the usual congratulations of the mason. sheer what efforts we
1 of another State in which thesessalli are minim...."
As cheating, cunning, and covetousnem. • the chief. obtain the punishmer
7•',.... KING ei-rteregards presidetoursat a Ministerial
motives of the snauggkrs, on the one head, and, on Council, which sat for above two • 4nie Duke the sheds
:
the other, the scandalous inclination of dm of Weeeteoroar had, ou the day precedinetehad a ~ Do we not behold tit
to extravagance, are directly opposite toe SPirit 1' long private audience of his 'auntie. Hil'Grace tie south insulted by tb
Christianity, Commercial Treaties conchsibilnn this k„,_ it is
said, declined the mediation between France it* AS•11011,311 of General
principle would certainly be the only means eon/or. "I'''
. .
irraWe to this spirit. The lawful intercourse of the sad Prussia, which a certain great Poteatate had chose Genera! Rarnel '
different Nations of the earth would be secured pressed upon him. The expect:Wen in Paris now is, °fp Pielifia "46'isianeenpeed. leg::
by them. that he will shortly return to Cambay, but revisit
....., ~._ ~ ,
voted to the moTal MIN
. A solemn Funeral Service has been pafonned in Paris in March. victims from the fury of
•is th: English Church here, on account of the death of A Royal OrdonnaHace nominates the Duke of Riots- for his atrocity ? Why t
the Princess Charlotte.
1,1:20 and M. CAZES, Chevaliers of the Order of the oceans of Amite neglects
HAGUE, DECEMBER se. moat due to their crimes
• .
• Yesterday evening his Royal Highness the Prince .. ~ Legion of Honour. as they were committed
of Orange., for the first time sauce his meth to this M. r Aosr Da LUXE, of the Chamher.-- of -,rieno- I
must
him
ash,
whetbe
plaCei honoured' the Theatre with his ; it ties, in the recent debates of which he took a dietin- ordered a amine to err
miai the first time he sat in the orna- gtos• hed part. fired on the morning of the Slst ult. sat, fired twice at him,
I timed bok sued, up for him, next to ISAt of their
.6. deputation of melee members has been appointed death, after he had an
, , 14,ajesties The mordent his Royal
e accereepanied-hy se. Atinde..eamimiligha,m Xi Gerdrar; by the Chamber to attend his funeral obsequies. As
countortua7rei:afkiassii,cie, ',gybed;
al
uniform, and wearing several Orders, the whole of on tt= eren.informed, aid vigilant Representa-
..__ months imprisonment, Its
t the numerous audience rose, and welcomed him with tire People, his loss will be felt and regretted. w k Doe as chi
. . Inng-ccmtiuued acclanations, clsepinir of hands, and A proposal is said to have been Made oo the part the sant* lawsr
"I" of " 1414 It" the Prince 7 His ilkral High- of Govenuseut to IT SellUnta, who was a few slays The French Funds
oess seemed much affected by these testimonies of , ,
_._
since brought under the cognizance of the term- some days past. Or
. attachment to his person. .
- ,
The
prusehialitENcoontze,cDmEnorEl:l%,3. clonal Police for his Pamphlet Os the State yr Laser& 641 r. 60c. Such alai
.
. . in France, to accept of a certain sunsmoney - of as an the Monied interest,
Von Jordan,
.• who is esonemi this evening, will probably make a indemnity for the expenses of printing. etc. and to nals, the Ministers 1
. font stay-hare, as his mission is said to embrace very suppress the weeks M. SCHYTIMR, however, it 'meld ensuing Loan of tw
iniportant objects. Among other things it is stated appear, has declieed any compromise of the kind, only difficulty they
- that swamis :ill be concerted between our Court
and insists on the continuation of his trial ; which, if shall oblige.
, and chit of Prussia, to check the abuses and licen-
tiousness of the Press, which threatens Germany with it does proceedf will probably lead to discussions of MADRI
% - incialculable evils, unless wise and energetic measures a description which no prudent Ministry would wish' The Royal Dan
are espy adapted. In order to secure to the Na- to provoke. made of 18,000 me
tioas- of y the enjoyment of a reasonable The object of the author, in his work, has been to years, is already ca
' liberty of the Press, and in general a high degree of
paint
---civil and political freedom, it is necessary, before all ora
t out the dep I Me effects that have resulted been issued for the I
things, to oppose a powerful barrier to the license of from the slavery of the press, the restrictions on indi- prebend all unmarri
thie :•.--n and lawless insuborclieation which begins v.ilual liberty, the absence of impartiality in judicial seventeen and thirty
ttaireeritself in so many places. By the apostles of proceedings, and the arbitrary coniuct of those in- the Nobility are eq
liberty who now preach every where from dte house trusted with the interior administration of the king- the ballot. Such N,
. taii, Germany can only be plunged eiher into the
most dreadful anarchy, or the most frightful despo- dom. On this last point Ite lays peculiar stress.— serve personally as
Corn, either of which would stifle for many years the The following are some extracts on the subject : pay an exemption fin
' seeds of improvement in our country. " Thus no sooner has a faction predominated in the English).
VIENNA, DECEMBER so. capital, than its power has been recognized over all Admiral Don Cal
• The Advertiser of Milan, of the 6th, announces France, merely with the help of a telegraphic din- distinguished Genet
that the Villa of Este, which belongs to her Royal patch, of the gendarmes stationed on the high roads long time in exile
' Highness the Princess of Wales, upon the Lake of and in the towns, and of the police agents. The par- his Majesry with the
Como, is now to be sold with an its dependencies.—
i The greater part of the suit of his Imperial Highness tial opposition that has sometimes displayed itself in ceedrog to Carthage
the Archduke Rainer, who is appointed Vice-roy of the provinces, has never been successful, and has al- ing a new system in
Lombardy, has already set out to travel by short 'ways been too weak and too circumscribed to form, The Admiral was C
stages to Milan. It is said that this Prince,
as soon an exception to the general rule. of Cadiz, in the tire'
as he arrives in Italy, will esPouse his co usin+ the ein the tavern countries, a revolution in the Se- authority the Coasts
Archduchess Maria Louisa, of Tuscany.
Court Lauraw, the Governor of Lombardy, who raglio is, in fact, a general revolution. and the chief'
arrived on the 15th, has had a lung coofreence with, proclaimed by a few Janissaries is acknowiedied by Two Mails from]
•
the iim•peror. It is remarked that the Governors of the whole kingdom. In France, when one or Unite
the Kingdoms of Bohemia, Italy, Gallicia, and 'personas take sion of the- seat of Government, account of the first
frona the P be
Illyria, are all at the same time in this city, whence thirty" .eriiisnos of men hci dri before them, Paris
and
some
other rot,
it is inferred that some changes are intended in the
civil administration of those provinces. A new sys- is, .in comparison to France, whatwn thSeraglio is to will be pleased to se
tern for the general arming in time of wars ii also Turkey. The despot Bonaparte had too much talent monstrance displays
spoken of. not' it' perceive the •advantages that could be di eta tives in their Adche
. The celebrated chemist Beezetics has been raistid from a similar order of things, for the establieuneht rot b::! lament the
to the rank of Nobility by the King
account of his great talents as a chemicoalf pwhilli°Bl4oiep 11eron.' °f 4:141"t absolute power ' • • mended its nerd*.
' IMesetenow consider the situation of the Depart- STOCICH
HAMBURGH, DECEMBER 25.
The Elbe is already full of floating ice ; some yes- M_ ifillWillivsPaPetsi if so we may term those pitiful DZLIBERATIONS or
soh which attempted to get up the Elbe, have been rapine. . :diet only serve for the insertion of advertim-
-1 4;444 to put back to Cuxhaven ; the navigation of rilentl.. They- all bear the stamp oftle Prefect's ho- The report of hi
smaß craft on the Elbe is not entirely stopped. • i The slavery under which they languish is such, pasted in the Goya
• . that they are generally obliged to take from the Paris last Diet, was read.
Tut Plummy MANuscatpra.—The publication Papers the ntws of the veryeowns where they are nelitts, of Stockholm
of the Naiad:portion of these valuable and interest, printed t. nor are they allowed to
insertany foreign tation. to invite the .
bag Papers, is merely delayed, for a few days. kis
to appear at the same time in Engfand, France, and intelligence without having previously forwarded it petal:v:3r. to his Mai
Amenca. This second portion contains the Me- MI Paris for approbation. Thus the Lisle Paper gimes Highnesses the Cr
mein of Dr. Fanneaaw's Life and Writings, now an . other nem from Belgium than what it extracts Prince, in order to I
. first published front the original MS. written by him- from the Paris Journals, and the one of Strasburgh for his Majesty's pa
eeff-to a late period, and continued to the timed
liis death by his grandson, Wk. TIMPLE FitAllg information concerti- Kingdom, and th
draws
from tha same source its
;' Lite Public curiosity has, perhaps, weer been more in g &puny. Political disc ions 'are also strictly Royal Highness tl
highly raised than towards this Work, which tom so excluded. Is One Ward, there are no Newspapers is Majesty's generous
iot‘t been confidently asserted to have been stipples- Franee but what we 'printed in Paris. It is only in the Ilerld- harp' Prii
sed by the British Government. Paris that shire is seam-degree of freedom of the which be has bocce
_, • -
- . ... .
1•41111i111111111116111111111111=111111111111111111111111111111.111111.111.11:11111111111111111M.*

- •
THE :EVFINING"ST,AIto s than the Minister of Police
APIs dos departments syery bookseller
LONDON. wait to she Prefect a list of the pam
.4eSivecb. It may be easily conceived th
MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1818. Y Pio nit allowed to cirettlate.3
PAICE or STOCKS TAILS JAVA: IWEJNE O'CLOCP " What has been said concerning the
Reduced gl3 Bg—duns shut,-.'Cous• f6t °PS. 8208 per, is equally applicable to the viola
e
Per OW- 9624—Nan 5 Per Cent- shut vidua
el liberty, to the revere judgments, Sy
