••••• ••%; •, ,N •
. •
• ' `.l -.• vox
votes, and expressing his ardent-*f his
ti--(loud aukolt-continued applause).
tiaroaßk T news, Esq. seconded the
nation.' Little accustomed to'a•ddress public 1
ings, he could have wished some more active
than himself had keen chosen to.do this duty i
•as the merits of Sir Robert Wilson spoke for them-
selves, little was left for him to say. Their two for.'
Ater Members were like stewards who had resigned'
their trust, and were called•to an account for their
.I. .nduct ; but he was proud to say, one of them (Mr.
. vert) had kept his accounts so accurately, thee
t re was not one figure wrong in his books—(lowed
cheerr). He wished that the other had done the
'same, as there would then have been no cause for
proposing a successor to him, nor would he have.
that day opposed him—(somehisses from Mr. Bar-
day's friends here created some confusion).—These
.Uentlemen had a mistaken idea of him, if they sup-
..
_posed him capable of being intigiidated by their
Anenaces,.for as aft Englishman he ever would main-
Mitt his rights. No man had ever had more calum-
pes thrown on him than the gallant oscer before.
them had ; bit; he dared, nay, he challenged the
friends of Mr. Barclay to say the hundredth part
against Sir Robert to his face, that they had dared
to do when his back was turned—(cheers). What
was Mr. Barclay in his public conduct? Had he
not shewn himself the friend, nay, the very patron
of hired spies and informers ? Had he not, to sum
up the iniquity of his political conduct, voted against
the Petitions of the People for inquiry into the con-
duct of Ministers, and given those Ministers the.
means of securing themselves against the actions
which might be brought against them by the victims
who had suffered by their cruelties—(cheering).? Let
the Electors recollect the eyes of the Public were
now directed to the Metropolitan Elections, and they
might rest assured that their proceedings that day
and during the porn, would have a powerful effrui
on the country. Look at the success of Wood,Waith-
man, and Thorp, in the City ; of Harvey, at Col-
chester ; and Denison, at Surrey. , No sooner bad
Denison come forward, titan one tool of corruption
had slunk away, and he was sure, were another Gen-
tleman of the sense independent principles to come
forward, the tnr.her Member for Surrey would also
share the same fate—(clicei-s). To him it was imposi
&Pole to conceive how men could vote in favour of
Ministers, on the Report of a Committee ecomposed
of Ministers and their tools. With the same good
• reasoa might they expect that a pick-pocket would
have a fair trial before a Jury composed of Bill
Soames; and his thieving associates—(loud applause).
With respect to a collusion between Mr. Calvert and
Sir Robert Wilsca, he Was ready, to deny that decid-
, edly ; for, on the contrary, though he was a Member
of Mr. Calveit's Committee, and had told him he
would give him every support, yet he had also told
:him he would not he tied down to one man, but
"would on the contrary support Sir Robert Wilson.—
"No collusion whatever existed between the parties,
and he hoped this explanation would be satisfactory.
.The worthy Gentleman concluded by seconding the
'nomination of Sir Robert Wilson—(loud applause).
Mr. CAt.vear now addressed the Meeting, but for
some time could not proceed, in consequence of the
.loud burst of applause. It was, he observed, now
the third time he had sto,-.4 before than, and he con-
lidered the approbation now conferred on him, and
the support he received, as-the best pledge of their
'having approved of his consistency in his conduct;
for he knew too much of the Electors of Southwark,
to suppose they woold have so far flattered him had his
koctitic; been otherwise. His constituents had a right
'to expect he would now explain his conduct as a late
Member, but the speeches already delivered had so
fally done that as to leave him little to say, except
,that Iris conduct would uniformly be what it had al-
ready been—(Lord applau4e).—The promises of sup•
port he had received -were more numerous than on
former occasions, and he hoped, that as this was the
anniversary of the victory of Waterloo, it might also
prove an anniversary of the victory anti success of
,independent principles in the Borough of Southwark
—( Loud and continued applause ).—lie had steadily
opposed the Corn Bill, for he thought, and ever
would think, that no articles for the support of !In-
man life should ever he the subject of legislative dis••
cussion. When a Bill came into the House which he
did not approve of, hc would oppose it; but if it
happened to pleas: hint in its principle, he might
support it on that gnmad. but he would keep a vigi-
lant eye on its clause:. Of the Suspension Act no
ism could possibly have a higher detestation than
himself, for he did, and e:er would, to the last mo-
ment of his existence, reprobate an Act which anni-
hPated the liberties of the people. Never should any
object which made the slightest encroachment oa
pohlic rights or privileges ever meet his support. He
•would not detain them longer, as he knew they
:Would probably be anxious to hear the new Candi-
-date tor third man), and he would only earnestly hope
they would give his late colleague a fair and candid
hearing in answer to those charges brought against
him, for by doing so they wohld shew themselves
impartial and Candid hedges. 'With the utmost con-
fidence of being at the head of the poll, he should
now leave his cause in their hands—(Repeated cheers.)
Mr. BARCLAY came forward, but from the very
great confusion which prevaitsl, it is impossible to
give more than a few words of his speech. He de.
Glared he was not afraid of clamour, nor to meet his
constituents to explain his conduct. In voting for
the renewal of the War, as he did, his anxiety was
to put an end to that dynasty which had long dis.
graced Europe; and his conduct, on that occasion,
ic3uld not be condemned, considering that the re-
newal of the war had led to the victory of Waterloo,
and the total overthrow of Napoleon. In voting`for
the Income Tax being renewed for one year, he was
actuated by the *ish of saving money to the country,
' for had the nteans of supply not been given to the
Minister, in all probability the war had yet conti-
nued; but ho denied having ever countenanced or
voted for the Corn Bill. In his first vote for the Sus-
pension of the Habeas Corpus Act, he firmly believed
there was danger to the country, but he certainly
Could not vote a second time for that, because the
trials in London and the country had proved to his
satisfaction the danger was over. For the Indemnity
Bill he never.would have voted, hal he conceived
there had one innocent man been confined, but he
firmly believed there had not. Of the result of the
Poll he had no doubt, and he was even anxious to

'Jr

jai these
•
and was
applause
lat it wai
the emo-

who had
who had

given him so flattering a rectption, J such strong
assurances of suppert--(Appkisse)-;-As an English.
man, he would congratalate them on the arrival of
that day, when their elective franchise reverted td
their hands, and when they could freely canvass the
merits cf those who had been their Representatives.
They could not greatly lament the dissolution of a
Parliament whose acts had been the most unconstitu-
tional that ever afflicted a suffering country—a Par-.
liament which had unblushingly trampled upon every
principle that freemen held dear for the liberties of
mankind—a Parliament that disregarded and rejected
the Petitions and wishes of the people, and that af-
flicted its country with servitude, while -with armies
covered with glory, and a navy always triumphant,
it left a loyal and .patriotic people nothing but an ex-
hausted state of finance, the wreck of their liberties,
and hardly a semblance of their national character—
(Great applause).—lt was said that they ought not to
speak ill of die dead—and all he would say of this
Parliament was, that if he were capable of pronoun-
cing its funeral eulogy in the face of the afflicting
memorials it had left on record, he should be unwor •
,thy of the support of freemen in a free counts-sr—
(Great applauae).—..lJexame among them not of his
awn accord for any purpose of self-ambition, but by
the desire of a deputation who solicited him to aspire
to the honour he now sought, and by the approba-
tion of a public meeting, who stood pledged for his
support. Under such circumstances he had not hesi-
tated to come among them, and by the means they
had generously placed at his disposal, and which be
had recently embodied and combined, he had no
doubt that he would ultimately have the pride to find
himself supported by a majority of independent men,
who struggled to establish their freedom (Appiause).
He had had, in the course of his life, moments of
high exultation—he had been decorated with laurel,
in the field of victory, by imperial hands; but he
,never felt greater exultation than 'he now enjoyed,
when standing in their presence, and under banners
of decoration which remind him of his diay to the
people—(Great applsusr).—rlc disclaimed any per;
sonal hostility towards -its. Barclay—any personali-
ties would be as dishonourable to the cause of the
people, as unjust towards the Gentleman to whom
they may be addressed. They knew him (Mr. Bluff
clay), in private life, as a most respectable characters'
and though they censured his public conduct, they
had no reason to suppose that his votes were any
other than the dictates of his conscience, however
contrary his feelings happened to be with those of his
Constituents. When he paid this proper tribute to
Mr. 13archy's character and motives, he at the same
time felt entitled to shew that he had disqualified
himself for being the Representative of a free people.
He would not enter into the long catalogue of this
Candidates disqualifications, far if he did there could
be no polling this day. But he would sum them up
lby sayiug, that if they wished tyranny abroad and
slavery at home—if they wished to see British troops
acting like Janissaries—if they wished to see British
gold scattered like the flames of the Inquisition-cif
they wished this country, once the generous protcc-
cor of the emigrants from foreign despotism, become
their prison or the ally of their persecutors--if they
wished to sere public morals overturned, confidence
destroyed, all generous feelings eradicated by the
_employment of hired cries and informers, as the
key-stone of Uovernment—if they wished to see all
these things come to pass-,imprisonment without re-
dness, indemnity for crime, all reform denied; and,
finally, this happy country, once the asylum for suf-
fering liberty, the seat of servitude and oppression to
the native and the foreigner, then he would say, that
he was no candidate for the suffrages of such
Electors. Their principles, if such were their feel-
ings, ILe would scornfully reject—(Loud applause).—
They knew full well he expected no rewards but
from the people; he expected no blessing from the
Pope, 'no medal from the Holy Alliance, no confi-
dence from that Privy Council, of which such men
as Reynolds, and Oliver, and Castles, were the asso-
ciates—(Great applause.) Wish such honours, or
such men, he could never expect to hold communion
--(Great applause.) But those Electors who wished
to live under that Constitution which their ancestors
had nobly reared, were his friends, and their prin-
ciples his fixed guide—(applause.) If ever his senti-
ments clashed with his constituents, inthe event of his
being elected*if he retained his opinion, they should
have the benefit of his seat—(applause.) He admired
the conduct of Mr. Calvert, as much as ht objected
to that of his late colleague. Professions cf principle
were not sufficient on an OCCISiOII of this kind—the
people should be satisfied that their Candidates were
,us clear from suspicion as Czsar wished his wife
should be—(applause.) With reference to himself,
they had, doubtless, seep the placards issued against
him—one of these said that fourteen years ago,
when a very young man, he had proposed to Mr.
Pitt the establishment of military power in this
country. They all remembered that at the time to
which he alluded, every man in the country was en-
gaged in devising means to repel a threatened inva-
sion. He had on that occasion presumed, not by a
memorial transmitted, to be laid up in one of the
bureaus of Mr. Pitt's pigeon-holes but by a pamphlet,
to suggest his advice. Let the electors hear what he
recommended, and say, whether it was the establish-
ment of military power ? He had recommended that
every man in the empire should be occasionally
trained, like the bow and battle-axe men of old, to
the use of arms for the protection of his country, or
at least that 100,000 householders should be so'
trained; and he had urged that his plan should be
carried as far as it could be " consistently with Bri-
tish liberty, and general philanthropy."—[The gal-
lant Candidate here read several extracts from his
work, which was replete with constitutional princi-
ples:ll—He also read a letter, which he at the same
time received from Sir Francis Burdett (on whom he
pronounced the warmest panegyric) applauding his
plan in the strongest and most affectionate terms.—
So far from his plan being one that pleased the Mi-
nisters (which it would have'done if despotic), that
Mr. Pitt had actually ordered Dim to banishment, by
appointing him to a regiment in India, where he

mutt have gate, were it not for the interposition of
thetr revered and beloved King, who changed his
destination, and preserved him from a separation
from his family—(great applause ). He then alluded
to his efforts to get rid of the vne system of corporal
punishment at that tinse used in the army, and com-
plimented the Duke of York on the wise and humane
regulations he had adopted on this subject. The'
gallant Candidate referred to a hand-bill, in which

1111 zepresented as having retracted the statement '
relative to Bonaparte's treatment of a part cf his
army. The hand-bill stated, "he had admitted the
falsehood of the charge, but that he had done so
since he quarrelled with Ministers, became a poor
man, and a disappointed soldier." As a man and a
soldier, he was jealous on the application of the word
" falsehood :" he had gone to the printer of the bill—
he told him he was indifferent to political squibs, or
the epithets they generally bestowed—that he pitied
the ignorance of the libeller, and would meet him
face to face on the hustings, where he would dare
him to substantiate the retractation he talked of. He
I would not here enter into the particulars of the Egyp-
tian campaignfirst, because Bonaparte was in such
a situation as neither to be able to hear the charge,
nor state to it any reply; he would not, there:me, whet
the arms of the persecutors of that man—(applause).
But the fact was, that in his work on Russia, he had
alluded to the charge he originally made in Egypt,
land in candour accompanied it with the defence of
Bonaparte to the charge brought against him, which
was not a justification, though perhaps it went in
mitigation of his act. Be the example of that man,
however, what it may, it formed no justification fur
others, possessing power, to follow the worst parts
of his character. He (Sir Robert) would not trample
on a fallen foe--he was not of the schools of the
Congress of Vienna and Paris, and would not mer-
cilessly mangle a fallen and unreristing enemy. He
would rather have his right hand withered in his
" utmost need" than trample on that man who sought
refuge, in the hou, of his misfortune, on the genero-
sity oiEnglishmen—(Greal applause.)On the sub-
ject of his (Sir Robert's) alledged poverty, all he
would sat was this, that some of their ancestors had
probably supposed they left their children affluent,
when they consigned to them comfortable eatates ;
but the good paternal care of Government had taken
so'large a share of their property of late years, that a
man with landed property could not always say he
was rich. If he was poor, however, he hoped he was
not criminal—nor (nate know that poverty, with pro-.
Sify.*Was yet considered disreputable, Were he as
rich as Mr. Barclay, he trusted he would make the'
same liberal, and, he understood, charitable use of it.
As to his being a discontented Officer, he did not be-
lieve,there was any-inan in this country, or in Eu-
rope, who thought he ought to be satisfied with the
[ream:tot he had experienced—(i/Iplause).—He had
given, at different times, £5,000 for his commissions
—he had been 25 years in the service of his county,
he had serve it in all quarters of the glabe, and
bled in its cause-,..(Greet applause)—and for a life
and property so spent, he did not now derive annuity
interest for the price of his commissions—(Cries of
.‘ Shame, shasee!")--Yet he saw other men, who
had never purchased their way—who had never
seen a gun fired, , enjoying wealth and honours,
while he Was doomed. to 'obscurity. He never had
complained of the rewards given for public services.
This country was a generous nation, and did not de-
sire gratuirout services--though it objected to the
drones being fed, it was always ready to give some
honey to the bees.—(A laugh, and applause.) The
gallant Candidate concluded by readlr.g an extract
from hiS work on the policy of Russia, to shew hi*
constitutionar views, and entreated the Meeting-to
hear, with calmness, all' their opponents had to utter
.
from the hustings.—(Great applause.)
A shew of hands being now called for, the great
majority appeared for Sir ROBERT WILSON and Mr.
; but a null being demanded on the part
of Mr. I:AactAy, the poll-books were immediately
opened, and the votes fur the several Candidates
taken tintil four o'clock—when the numbers were and
noianced AUlid unimrsal applause for the popular Can-
didates, and great Alsapprobation on the notification
of Mr.BASICLASIIaMe. The numbers were as follow:'
Roe Mr. Calvert - - - 427
Sir Robert Wilson - - 338
Mr. Barclay - - - - 228
Mr. CALV'ERT returned thanks, and. declared .his
,gratitude for what had been done for hint. He etnn-
plained of an attempt having befit made by some
parties to prevent the inhabitants in the Mint from
exercising a privilege in voting, which they had for
the last 100 years, and he would leave the Meeting
to judge from what motives that bad been done—
(Loud upplauses.) He had another fact to mention,
equally outrageous ; he was told a Magistrate had'
come that day to the poll with an Elector, and had
had the presumption to tell that person who he
should vote for—(shame,shame !) Ile left the Meeting
to
dge of these facts for themselves.
Mr. BARCLAY denied any knowledge of what had
been stated, and had no doubt of his success to-
morrow.

Sir ROBERT WILsoN now came forward, and the
cheering at his success continued for several mi-
nutes. He expressed himself fully satisfied at the
zeal and patiotism this day displayed by his friends
in the cause of independence. When he first started,
he was told by their adversaries, Ist, that he would
get no promises ; 2dly, that if he did they would not
be kept ; and, idly, that even if any of them were,
he would only have to reckon on scabby voters—
(Great uproar.)—This reminded him of the state of
Flanders when the Flemings resisted the yoke of
Spain. The Spaniards said—" Our enemies are beg-
gars, and neither dare nor can resist us." But these
beggars, as they had been called, rejected the gold
of the Spaniards, and drove the Dons in disgrace out
of their country—(Great applause, and cries of " Out
,our Dow shall go.")—Englishmen were always distin.l
guished for their bravery and wisdom, and he was al.
ways convinced that they could never ovetleap the
barriers of their Constitution, and at once plunge
headlong into servitude—(Cries of " We never will.")
The recent conduct of the Executive Government,
in refusing to listen to the prayers of the people,, and
calling upon them to be loyal and peaceful is the
midst of their sufferings, reminded him of the har-
lequin in a play he once saw in Italy. The pour
Harlequin was condemned to be flayed alive, before
the door of the Prime Minister. This Harlequin did
not resemble the Mexican King, who, while he was

roasting alias, and hk Becretary beside him,
ing the same torments, was addressed by the latte
as if for assistance and comfort—.." That !" said ther,
King, " do you think I am on a bed of roses?",
Not so the poor Harlequin in the play, for hF ro.tro
out lustily, when one of the attendants exclai;ned-
4, What! you rascal, do you mean to disturb the
Prime Minister r—(Much laugl ),__
ter and applage.
So it was with the Government' when the groans of
the people drove them to petition. They' ridicule,'
'their suffering-s, and were indignant at their seilsihi.
lity under oppression-43inch applautc.) The galtrt
candidate concluded by warmly thanking his frierds
for their support, and earnestly conjuring theist
is
continue their exertions.
The Meeting then dispersed. The ac,enbia.,
which was very great and very noisy before the h:;.
zings, departed without creating any distuebance.-..
A body of the populace waited for tar R. Wte.stil,
and carried him on their shoulders in triumph to A
neighbouring inn.
Among the populace during the whole of the day
Mr. BARCLAY and Mr. BARCLAY'S friends secinedm
be objects of general and virulent animetity. Every
vote that was given him was followed by yells and
hissing. His colours could not with safety be
One of his carmen, who exhibited the orange -I
was assailed with mud, and the constables wht
the rioter were obliged :to fight their way
crowd that attempted to rescue him. A gall°
conspicuously held up by one of the moat chr
of his opponents. On the other hand, the fr
•

Mr. CALVERT and Sir R. ICILsox /awe alt

ccived with shouts of applause, and wore theii
ads and the names of the Candidates triumph

WEST:VIA-A Lit ELECTION.

FI lIST DAY.
(IY CONTIVUATION ILITERDAY% IT.
Between the time at which the cessatita
Poll was stated, and that irt which the result

nounced, the utmost confusion prevaired.
three set-!o's took place amongst the friends
rival Candidates—and, as the crowd was too
packed together to enable the combatants to
from each other, several of them were punis
verely. The fury of the Hunt party was
tarty directed against Sir Murray Nlameell
friends. Dirt was flung verylihsrally at they
they treated the insult with the contempt it I
We are sorry, however, to state, that Sir

Maxwell was struck on the left eye with win

The blow evidently ur l discooed
- -- _

rounding flesh—and, if we may judge from
(rent application of his handkercbidto his e
gallant officer suffered consieerable pain fi
wanton and unmanly assault with which he h:

visited. The only answer

he made to the ii

was a low bow—and, at a
filth was thrown towards

subsequent period
him and his fr:

stepped forward, on the outward raging of
tings, exclaiming " that he was not afraid r,
himself in the midst of his countrymen!"
course of the day, he was repeatedly act
being favourable to the system of dogging.
the seamen, however, who served under hi
recognized in the crowd by Sir Murray,
mediately called on him to come forwar_
Murray Maxwell said, " There is oneof my seaman
stakhinx what my conduct has been?" The tar :.-
vaned; and clambering up the railing, checei
his old commander with great cordiality. A Naval
Officer, who bore the brunt of the day with .5.,r
Murray, desired him to state to the people whether
that Gentleman had ever behaved with undue se:e-
thy to a seaman, or withheld his pay? To thick
.thetaw replied—" I sailed-with him long, and a better
or a kindet officer never commanded a ship!" lle
concluded with begging that the Captain would
honour him by drinking out of his pint of porter,
which was handed to the latter for the purpose. "fi1..%
casual incident made the air ring with acclamations,
and the chew of hands immediately appeared grezt.y
in favour of the gallant Candidate.
At half-past four o'clock, the numbers were de-
clared as follow :
i Sir Samuel Romilly 189 Hon. Douglas Kinnaird ti
Sir Murray hiazwell 176 Mr. Hum - is
Sir F. Burdett, Bart. ser Major Cartwright 10

Sir 31. 3laxwer.t said, that although he had gco
his eye hurt, he should still address them as sis
friends ; he was sure they were his friends. Howes
used he might.beby some individuals, he should
not shrink from his post. In the alarm of shipwreck
he had relied on his friends, and they failed hen mt.
He should not therefore be afraid to meet the Elec-
tors of Westminster. He had to thank his frotu
for the place they had given him on the Poll; he
hoped they would not relax their efforts, and befell'
confident of ultimate success— (Applause and hiva)
Mr. Purr was at the very same time addressiog
the Electors from the middle station of the hustingf.
lie appeared for Sir Francis Burdett. The supeicr
success of Captain Maxwell had been owing to th:
extraordinary exertions of the Court party. A
want of of Lord Ellenborough hadbeen the Erst rotor
for him. Burdett had always been the firm and elo-
quent friend of the people; and the people, u the/
valued their own interests. were now bound to be-
friend him. If they lest this opportunity they could
never expect to be again in the same situation, or ts
be represented by a man who could be compared to
Sir Francis Burdett for political integrity and co.:-
sistency, for elegant manners in private life, and j"'
eloquence and judgment in Parliamentary debate.
Mr. Wisuaam said, he addressed them in
ti
name of Sir Samuel Romilly, and thanked them f,o.
the conspicuous mark of respect and confidence which
they had bestowed upon him in placing him at dv
head of the poll. Sir Samuel Romilly was a notice
of Westminster ; he had long been distinguished for
patriotism and superior abilities. His superior able
ties he had always employed in pleading the cute
of the people, and in dumb-founding and putting to
silence the venal adherents of a corrupt administer
Lion—(applause.) Not one act of Sir Samuels li°.
swag inconsistent with his character. No man c"
make more lucrative use of his time than he, yoci:e
never failed to devote his time to the interests of the
people. He wasthe zealous friend of a true and uscf:a
reform. Could they doubt the integrity of a ra,l,
who had refused so many offices, because he wow.'
not truckle at the venal foot of corruption--fapplao4
Sir Samuel Itomilly would esteem it the highest 11`!

1 vo
na
2S
SC.
;vii
1 _po
tat
ittt
.th,
fri
to
1212
too
,of
tap
tb
du
iii "al
no
In,
i an
on
m.
ch
j.ha
tl<
,
ail
• •rg
of
re
;Si
Si
of
w
aT
so
I'. • .10
th
I j
Ifo
I.Pca
• to
`to
.111
:fa
.
re.
, fc
an
pr
op
w,
I' •
cu
di
ha
sa,
an
hi
hf
GI
Pt
j I
I
he
hi
in
fic
1
cl
CI
g
fc
a
a
V
•

meet it, so conMent was he of success. Wi
success few remarks he Wt his cause in their hands.
Sir ROISiRT Wits()); then came forward,
e nomi- for several minutes usable to proceed, the
c meet- was so universal and continued. He said th.
ye man with the.greatest difficulty he could restrain I
ty; but dons of gratitudehe felt for the. Gentlemen
r them- put him in nomination, and to the Electors
wo for. Riven him so flattering a reception, and sucl

• Mier. no
e latter,
said the
es?",
P roared th;
timed—. tet
urb
Dans of
th
sensibi. be
galizt T 1
fried fe!
hefq to
tei
oblage, Pe
le has.
tLsust,
?)1 to a lei'
th
the day th
cmed
Leery
ells am be
Wu: r..
10 sejtql sr
thr.ugh tk
i 0 cs wa; 111
zinorous &I
i•esklA
dis ie. cii
eir
>handy, cd
in,
V 2
th
nu.)
3 of the
: was az.
Two s,r
Is of the II
o closely
:() recede he
islied se. 'Cc
and his at
eco--but
merited. a
• 11iireze
Pre haid •
I the stir.
the fte•
eye, this
from tie
had bop 012
whea li
sends, he
the hos.
to throw
1.1 the
cased of
One of
tr,LS
who ins. Tell
rd. tir
