----w-rw -r .

. .
of One from Rio de Janeiro, of the 20th of Novembet ,
in which it is atatedb,that " in consequence of a -bad
understanding between the Emperor and the Represen-
tative Assembly of Brazil, the latter was .dissolved by a,
decree of the Prince, dated 12th November, &c." We
trust that PROVIDENCE, which so visibly watches over
this kingdom, will, in a short time, put an end to its
misfortunes in both hemispheres.
JANUARY 29.—The Gazette of this date contains an
extremely long letter (eight columns), sent tdthe'Editor
for insertion, on the subject of Revolutions in general;
which, says the writer, are always preceded by corrup-
tion of manners.; in illustratjon of which pgsition the
'mad- reviews the history of the world, from the time of
the Roman Republic down to the present day. The
following is an extract :
" The late revolutions of Spain, Naples, piedmont, and
Portugal, after all the examples which we have quoted,
and others with which history abounds, as they caution us
againSt the mad spirit of our times, shew us also clearly
how powerfully and beneficially the paternal govern-
ment ,of a King, the most conformable to nature, con-
tributes to the preservation and happiness of nations, of
which -they are the real faihers. May these examples
be always present to the memory of men, since they
evidently prove, that all efforts to establish a visionary
and imp' acticable liberty, only lead nations to opposite
exiremes, that, is, to despotism, slavery, and barbarism."
The supreme dignity of a King, the majesty with
which he is envircned, his superior fortune, his culti.
vated education, the knowledge'of the affairs of the
State, the identification' of his own happiness with that
of the people whom he governs, all 'this really seems to
secure him from the influence of mean passions, of
petty interests, to which the inferior classes and the
assemblies composed of such elements are subject. This
made the great Sully say, in his Memoirs—'" If Wis-
dom descended from HEAVEN, she would rather reside
in one head, than iti the heads of a .society of different
persons."

•
Letters have been received from %Ilia of the 17th

of December, and from Pernambuco of the 31st. At
Bahia, on the arrival of intelligence of the events at 1110
de Janeiro, a Protest was prepared and signed by several
individuals, expiessive of their disapprobation of the
Etappicat's conduct in dissolving the Legislative As.em-
bly. On the 17th, however, a general meeting of the
principal persons in Bahia took place, on the- invitation-
of the Government, to consider what steps ought to be
taken, but nothing occurred except the passing a resolu-
tion to consider the protest above named as null and void.
—Those who had signed it addressed the meeting, prin-
cipally with the view of exculpating themselves for
having done so, by alleging that they were nor aware,
at the time, of the real state of the case. It seems that
a strong party exists in Bahia disposed to adhere to the
EMPEROR under any circumstances, so that it was pro-
bable the tranquillity of the place would be preserved.
Affair; remained nearly in the same state at Pernam-
buco as mentioned in the last arrivals. The decree for
the expulsion of those Portuguese who had not taken the
oath of adherence was carrying into effect, and a stip
was prepared for their conveyance to Europe.
We have seen a private received to-day from
Paris, which mentions that a consultation of Physicians
v. as held on Saturday evening at Pails, respecting the
state of the KING'S health, which gets worse cfaily. The
result is stated to have been extremely unfavourable.

The Marquis of LANSDoWN has issued cards of invita-
tion for a dinner party on Friday, at I.ansdown House. •
The SPEAKER'S Parliamentary Levees, for the present
Session, will commence-on Saturday next.
Yesterday, at twelve o'clock, the Earl of LIVERPOOL
met the leaders of the \Vest India Interest, to consult on the expe-
diency of taking off the I ss. duty on sugar. For the lust six months
Mr. CHARLIS Etus and the West India Committee have been ne-
gotiating with the Earl of LtvEarooe and Mr. CANNING to obtain
some measuretfavourable to the West India body, but have hitherto
received a denial from Ministers.
Since the agitation of the Agricultural Question in
Parliament, during the last Session, one of its most staunch advo-
cates has received an addition to his fortune of upwards of one hun-
dred thousand pounds-by the death of an uncles
The LORD LIEUTENANT of IRELAND held his second
Drawing-room for the season at the Castle, Dublin, onTbursday last.
It was most numerously attended by persons of rank and fashion.
Yesterday the LORD MAYOR entertained a party of
forty to dinner. This day his Lordship has another dinner party.
Saturday last, JOSHUA RoWE, jun. Esq. was called
to the Bar by the Honourable Society of the Inner Temple._
MASQUERADE.—A Grand Masquerade was given last
evening, at the Argyll Rooms. The votaries of fun and frolic kept
up the amusement until a late hour. The supper was liberally
supplied, and the wines, which were from Mr. Watenr's, of the
Opera Colonnade, were of the best quality: many of the :ompany,
as usual, did such ample justice to the latter, that their characters
were suppotted with Increased vigour, although perhaps not with
such steady effect.
DARING OUTRAGE AND ATTEMPT AT MURDER.—
Monday se'nnight, a gang of armed ruffians broke into
the house of Michael Hamerton, Esq. of Hamerton, near
Clonmel, and beat this aged and tespectable Gentleman
in so savage a manner with the coulter of a plough, teat he
was left nearly lifeless, and with little hopes of recovery.
As soon as the appalling intelligence reached Clonmel,
the most indignant feeling of horror pervaded all
ranks ; every per son expressed his abhorrence at the in-
jury offered to the best of men, and the small security
which real virtue and goodness-could cast around;he best
of characters. Great numbers of all classes thronged
out to the scene of the disaster. The Earl of Donough-
more, the Right 'Hon. W. Bagwell, the Rev. W. Ste-
phenson, Captain John 13agweil, W. H. Bradshaw,
Esq. B. B. Bradshaw, gsq. Doctor Constable, Richard
Chadwick, Esq. Magistrates, hastened to the spot,
and remained there a great part of the day. After
a laborious and lengthened investigation, the Magis-
trates committed for furthir examination two men,
of the names of Reeves and Sullivan, who were
apprehended under circumstances of great stri'pi-
,-cion. In earlier life Mr. Hamerton was in the army, and
,erved in the first American War: as Aide-de-Camp
under General Grant. He was brother-in-law of Gen.
Sir W. Meadows; resided 43 years at Hamerton, the
mansion of his ancestors, in the retirement of domestic
life, and heretofore guarded by the affections of his
neighbours, which he never ceased to merit.
