•e

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

--~-~

YORK, Masco .27,
IMPORTANT TO SURGEONS AND APOTHECARIES.
ROBINSON V. HEPWORTII.—This was an action
brought by the plaintiff, a surgeon, residing at Hud-
deesfield, against the defendant, to recover the sum of,
1l t. 16. 6d. being the balance of a bill delivered for
medicine, and attendance, on the defendant and family.
Mr. BLACKBURN, for the plaintiff, was about to call'
the apprentice, to prove the attendance of the plaintiff
on the defendant and his family, and that the medicines
charged in the bill were furnished ; when
Mr. Justice BAYLEY stated, such evidence would not
be sufficient, until it should be first shown, that the
plaintiff was a Member of the College of Surgeons, or
in practice before August, 1815.
Evidence was then adduced, chewing that the plaintiff had been
in practice sixteen or seventeen years; and the plaintiff's apprentice
proving the delivery of a bill, and a promise of payment by the de-
fendant, a verdict was given for the plaintiff.
Hannah Whitaker was indicted, charged with inter-
marrying with Joseph Robinson, in July last, her hus-
band John Whitaker, being still living. It appeared
that the prisoner was married to John Whitaker, in the
year 181$, and that afterwards—to wit, in the year
1825, she married Joseph Robinson. John Whitaker
was a clothier, and resided at Horseforth, near Leeds.
He lived with his wife from the year 1813 to the year
1820, as comfortably and as happily as poor folks gene-
rally do. His father deposed, that he had a good fur-
nished house like; two roma below, and one great
chaimber, as yore may say abeove. In the year 1820, the
times became very hard, so hard, that poor John Whit-
taker could not squeeze a living out of them, and
therefore he determined to go-to that land, which though
it neither flows with milk nor honey, is nevertheless
frequently called " the Land of Promise,".—or, to use
the words of John's father, " he maark cop' his mind to
go to Ameriker." Now what was to be done? for John
had no money to carry him thither. He was determined,
however, no; to be diverted front his purpose by trifles ;
and notwithstanding John had been credibly informed,
that pigs, ready roasted, with knives and forks stuck in
their backs, crying out " come eat me, eat me," had left
off running about the streets of the nuked States, yet
he was quite satisfied that a man stood a better chance
of setting a share of the good things of this life in the
American state of Neat Yolk, than in the English
county of old York. John, therefore, determined upon
selling his furniture, and thereby raise money to carry
him "'cross tvarter," as the good 'people in Yorkshire
'have it. The goods were sold, all but one bed and two
chairs, which he left for the use of his wife and chil-
dren. The proceeds of the sale, with the exception of
two pounds, which he gave to his wife, John Whittaker
put in his pocket, and after taking a tender leave of his
wife and three children, departed for Liverpool. His
dep.irture was not at all disigreeable to his faithleis
rib, Hannah ; for when old. Whittaker asked her hew
she meant to " mayntain" herself and children, she re-
plied, she neither knew nor cared, but she'd surer en-
courage her husband in going than discourage him. For
a few weeks after John had gone ." to seek hisiortune
like." his wife lived with her hosband's brother; but he
not being able to support her, she and her children-
were oblised to gq to the poor-house, where they re-
mained for about fourteen months. At the end of this
time, fur John had not forgotten his wife, she received
from him thirteen pounds ten shillings, accompanied by
a letter desiring her to hold herself in readiness to join
Lim in Ante:lea. This invitation she replied by a letter
beginning in the usual phrase—" this comes hopping it
may find you well, as it leaves me at present, thanked
be Gun (or it," and stating that she was quite willing to
join her dear John " on t'ot!er side warier," but she did
not like to go by herself, and therefore boed he would
come and fetch her. This appeared to Whitaker rather
an unreasonable request. He did not doubt, however,
the love and fidelity of his wife. He went on working
hard and saving his earning, and the next year he sent
her about fifty pounds, and recommended her to a friend
of his, in whose company she might cross the Atlantic.
Still, however, Hannah demurred; and though her hos-
band afterwards remitted her twenty pounds more, she
chose to remain in England, rather titan join her law-
ful spouse in his adopted country. The truth is—and
the truth must be told, Hannah had become religious,
aril had joined a sect of over-pious Christians, called by
the profane, " Ranters," and designated by the initiated
" primitive Methodista." Now, it was Hannah's for-
tune--or rather, as the event turned our, misfortune—to
belong to the same class as one Joseph Robinson, a'
young man, who, though much filled with the spirit of
piety, had nevertheless room left in a canter of his heart'
for the reception of a passion of a less heavenly descrip-
tion. When or where Joseph first became enamoured
v.ith Hannah, or Hannah with Joseph, did not appear.
There was no evidence adduced to thew whether it was
at a " class meeting." or a " love feast ;" but the gene-
ral opinion is, that it Must have occurred at the consum-
mation of the latter ceremony. Be this as it might,
certain it is they were mutually stricken with each
other; and that they continued in such Stricken state
for the SPaCe Ot nearly two years, before marriage. dur-
ing which time the celebration of the " love feast" was,
no doubt, fiequently repeated, but of this there was no
evidence. Joseph Robinson 'was the friend of John
Whitaker, and it was amply proved, that he was per-
fectly aware that John was n.t dead. Joseph, being a
religious man, must have been informed of the very
different conduct of his namesake of old, when tempted
by the wife of his friend and master Potiphar. Joseph
the younger, however, followed net the chaste example
of Jos-pa thealder, out u with force of arms and other
illegal weapons," as the law phrases it, invaded the chas-
tity of the wife of his old friend. When the fact of the
marriage became known, a neighbour of Hannah's re-
marked to her, that she had but a short courtship.
" Nay," replied Hannah, 44 thou knowest that Joseph
and I know'd one another before John went, and we han
courted not very short o' two years sen."—" Ay, but,"
said the neighbour. " theyr be kiiin John know a/not
it, and he'il be coming back,"-r" Well on he dofs," an-
swered Hannah," 111 stick to Joe still." It appeared
that the neighbour did not prophesy in vain ; for John,
'eating of Ins wife's infidelity, came home, and accord.
tog to the evidence of one of the witnesses, immediately
ti ok away his children from her, and proceeded to sell
all that she had, " missing her clothes."—ln the cross-
es timination of a witness tor the prosecution, he admit-
ted that he never knew u anything that was bad of
Hannah, only getting married."
In her dekthe ilastnaa Sir,;he never would ha' returned
back, it hie friends burnt sent him word to come and prosecute me.
Be kept telling use before he went, that we never war right mar-
ried, as we u:ur not .married in hie own name. I did it ignorantly
—knowing note about Law, as if there never roue no law in country."
The defence, as it may be supposed, did not satisfy the Jury,
who found a verdict of &malty.

Joseph Rolih-son was then put to the bar, charged
with feionionsty mimyias littemah. Whittaker, know-
ing her to be the wife of anoster man, and thereby,
with force of arms, aiding and abetting, cornrorting
and assisting 4.4 the said Hannah in the commission of a
felony, against the peace of our Lord the King, Ms
crown and dignity," &c.
The details of this case were very similar to those of
the last. One of the witnesses deposed, that two or
three months before the prisoner married Hannah, he,
asked " how John tour getting on like in Auterikur ;
that is, how he tour doh', as you may say."
The prisoner, being called on for his defence, merely observed :
" The woman told me she wur at liberty for marriage, and so by
thit purpose we got married. She said that John told her, berm.,
be went to Anerikur, be war never lawfully married."—Guilty.
Mr. Baron HULLOCK sentenced the woman to nine,
months' imprisonment in the House of Correction, and
the roan to twelve months' and bard labour.

Lee and Atkinson were then sentenced to banged for horse steal-
ing.—The prisoners beard their sentence with apparent indifference.

Peter Little was indicted for assaulting• Robert Bur-
rowes on the King's highway, putting him in bodily
fear, and feloniously taking from him 4291. in Bank
notes and bills of exchange.
Robert Burrows stated, he was a butcher residing in
.Manchesser' and in the habit of 'attending Wakefield
Market. On the 7th of this month, he was going there,
accompanied by Edmund Scholefield. About half a
mile from Wakefield, between six and seven o'clock in
the evening, he observed the flash of a pistol, and heard
the report.on the left side the road. Several men made
their appearance, and immediately after another pistol
was fired from the right, and the witness was struck on
the stomach by something which he afterwards disco-
vered to have been a pistol-I:mil, which had glanced off
by striking some halfpence in his waistcoat pocket. In
his defence, witness struck at several of the men, but
his horse being frightened, he lost his balance, and was
pulled to the ground by his coat-laps. He begged
them to take his money and spare his life, but they
beat him severely with pistols and sticks, and then tore
out his inside waistcoat pocket, containing seven bills of
exchange and notes amounting to the sum of 4291.
They also took a knife, a comb, two crooked halfpence,
and half a black lead pencil, the whole of which the
witness saw the following day, in the possession of Mr.
Read, at Leeds. The witness never saw. the prisoner
at the bar before, but believes him to be the man who
shot at him. The witness's head still exhibited mat ks
of the violence with which he had been treated. This
statement was corroborated by several witnesses.
The waistcoat woes by the prosecutor at the time the robbery
was committeds.was sow produced, and the pocket found on the
ipelsoser containing the silver and notes was found to correspond
with it.—Burrowes was then re-called, and Identified the different
articles.—The prisoner offered no defence, except that he had
found the property.—Guilty—Deoth.

MONMOUTH, M•sca ttS.

13toanv.—Tkoreses Awes otherwise Thema Thomas, was inditted
for feloniously intermarrying with one Anne Thomas, spinster, he
well knowing that his former wife, Mary Jones, wai then alive.
The Jury found the prisoner Guilty.
Mr. Justlee PARK then addressed the prisoner, and expressed
himself perfectly satisfied with the verdict of the ury, and he sen-
tenced the prisoner to seven years' transportation.

CA RLO W. —SnicunA a

Stephen Harpur, a deaf tnan was examined on a trial, that of
James Curran, charged with stealing a horse.
Cross-examined by Mr. Banana--Prisoner was in witness's em-
ployment for years; prisoner was lent money and trusted. Paid
him Is. wages the night before.
Lord Nosusuar—How is corn now, Finlay?—" Getting up my
Lord." Lord NOMUILT K We'll all get up by-and-by."—(A laugh.)
Philip Newton, E 44. knew the man to be employed by Mr.
Cresdnraite; knew nothing ill of him; beard them give a high
character of Harpur.
la charging the Jury, Lord NOILIWIT said that Harpur gave a fair
testimony—"he was no blind Harpur."—(A laugh.) Guilty.
Mr. Byron. appealed a his Lordship for remittance of the
amount of punishment of the prisoner by a short confinement. His
Lordship, who assented, said, " Why, Mr. Brum., as they are
mealmongers—you have sifted them weil."—( A bugle.)
On another trial, Lord Noasuar asked—ls your husband a com-
mon labouring man?—" Yes, my Lord." Upon my word, you are
a very decorous-looking woman—a respectable woman--a high
character.—(Great laughter.)
The husband was brought up—said be lived on Gimbel But-
ler's land.

Lord Nosegay—You are very fortunate in having such a woman
for your wife.
Husband—Thank yoar Lordship ; she is the mother of ten
children, your Lordship. I hope your Lordship will give her a
trifle for the children. (Roars of laughter, in which his Lordship
heartily joined.)
James biberiden and /Word Burley were indicted for stealing
four sheep, the property of Nicholas Wilson.
N. Wilson said he traced his sheep to a person of the name of
Hetherington, hits. .
The following dialougue took place between this witness and
Lord Norbury
Lord Noestrar (to Wilson)—Whoa your landlord?
Wilson—Captain Critchley was, my Lord ; but be is now dia-
mond (deceased). (Laughter).
Lord NOILIULY Where do you live?
Wilson—l live in Hacketstown, my Lord.
Lord Nosever—At Hacketstowa! ay. You recollect the re-
belliao. Were you at the battle of Hacketstown ?
-Wilson—l was, my Lord—but doing no harm ; I was only a
little chap—about the height of my stick.
Lord Noasuar—Were you there when Hanlon the Newryman
was hanged ?—No answer.
Lord Noissoar—Are you strong in your arm ?
Wilson—l am, my Lord.
Lord NOll3llllY—You're a monstrous clever fellow; take care of
your farm, and be ready to fight-for it.
Wilson (making a profoundly Modest acknowledgment)—Long
life to your Lordship.
Lord Noaauav (to the Clerk of the Crown)—Well, give him four
guineas. And, do you bear, Sir? put that in your pocket, go
home, take care of your farm,. and don't be afraid of the rebels.—
(Immense laughter. )—Acesiiiled.
A man was indicted for stealing an old saddle. One of the re-
tiring Jury, net considering six months' imprisonment sufficient
punishment for stealing an add saddle, wished to retire. His Lord-
ship directed that the old saddle be given to him, that he might ro
tire upon it.—(Loud laughing.)—Not Guilty.
Owen Conroy was indicted for stealing •twelve stone weight of
potatoes, the property-of Thomas Hill. The prosecutor, a school-
master, swore, that worried by repeated thefts, and weary of watch-
tog
his potatoes, be drove pins of berms, into these potatoes ; that
on the night of stealth, he found potatoes in prisoner's house corro-
monding to those he lost.

Court—Who knows that the prisoner did not pin his own pota-
toes?—(Laughter).
" 011, no, my Lord, my pins were peculiar ; some were long, some
short, and some designedly broken"—(Laughter).—Gaiky.
The next case bf interest was the trial of the Charter-school
teacher for cruelty.
A witness stated, that•after each of live or six whippings with a
rope, he was sent back to work a sum which he did not perform.
The Court observed that he was getting the sum on the wrong
end—(Laughter).
Lord tioasoav,Cblef of the Comnton Pteas,and Baron O'Gnanr,
Chief of the Exchequer, have gone Circuit together on the present
, occasion.

WILLIAM Hula, a fine youth nine years of age, was
killed in Crawford-street, Wary-la-bonne, on Saturday. lie was
playing at rwirbles, and so intent on his game that he did not per-
ceive a cart heavily laden, by which be was knocked down, and so
dreadfully bruised as to survive calf a few minutes.
The first snow which has been seen at Southampton
this winter, was on Thursday morning and night last,
when a considerable quantity fell.—The hills that sur-
round the town of Huddersiteld were covered with snow
on Friday morning, which had fallen in the night.

OUTRAGES IN IRELAND.
• •4140" r:.
Ribbon processions took plate on St. Patrick's
Day. One thousand are said to have marched into
Portglenone, decorated with •ribbonv some with
sashes, discharging musketry and pistols as they. went
along, " insulting Protestants," and firing a volley at
" the Established Church." The Ribbonraen were
roughly handled at Bellaghly and Tamlaght. On, the
same day 5000 Ribbonmen assembled at Toom-bridge,
and divided themselves into different corps, "one of
which, 1000 strong, proceeded to. Castledawson, where
they walked, with colon's flying and music playing.—
They met a tipsy Protestant, with whom they had a
tif: Eight hundred- Ribbonmen marched through
Carhindall. Having committed a riot in a public-
house, the Police were called out, but the Police were
beaten, and the rioters celebrated their victory by drum
and fife. At MAgberafelt the conflict was more seri-
ous. A man was murdered, and two men wounded.
At the Enniskillen Assizes, John Maguire was in-
dicted for " that he, on the Bth of December last, at
Scariff, did administer an unlawful oath to Dominick
Noon,- to the nature and purport following,
That he, said Dominick N'on, toordd be true and failk-
ful to the Holy Raman Catholic Religion, and would'
keep Protestants down as well as he could; and that he
would not discover any of the secrets, pass words, or
signs belonging to Ri,bonmen, without proving him to
be a brother."

The prisoner was found Guilty, and sentenced to
transportation for seven years.
Within one mile of Longhrea, the house of a farmer,
of the name of Shaughnessy, was set ox fire by some
malicious wretches, and nearly thirty sheep burned to
death. In the same neighbourhood, a party of wretches
entered on the lands of William Pigott, Esq. and broke
a number of-forest trees, his properly.
On the evening of the 18th inst. the house of the Post-
mas:er of Xilmacthomas, and the Past•ofice, were in
the most wanton manner attacked by an infuriated mob,
consisting of two or three hundred people, between the
hours of four and five o'clock in the evening. They
demolished the office window with stones, and every
other window in the house.
The Marquis of Waterford, the Governor of the county, has
called a Meeting of Magistrates, to inquire into the pat ticulars of
this mob; and the Mate fond Chronicle calls this proceeding, on the
part of his Lordship, carrying things with a high hand!

The entrance to St. James's Park, by Pimlico Gate,
continues impassable for carriages and horses, owing to the works
going on fur turning the sewer.
Wednesday a public meeting took place in the Manor
Court Room, Manchester, for the purpose of considering 1‘ the
propriety of petitioning Parliament on the subject of Negro Slavery,
[and in support of the measures of hia MAJZSTY'S Government for
`meliorating the condition of the slave population of the Colonies."
OSWALD Mostar, But. took the Chair. Resolutions declaratory
of the sentiments of the meeting on the question of slavery abolition
were passed unanimously.
BALLOON Hoax..—Stepney-green, which has long
been the resort of the holiday folks, was on Monday
thronged to excess, in consequence of an announcement
having been seat forth during the week, that a new
aeronaut, Mr. W. Penny, would ascend with his balloon,
the Royal George, from the grounds in the rear of the
Ben Jonson Tavern, contiguous to the Green. At a
little before one o'clock several thousands of persons had
collected, and curiosity was on the tiptoe of expectation;
but to their great surprise and dismay, a placard was
exhibited, importing that Mr. Penny's balloon ascent
was uiravoidably postponed.
FATAL Puomista.—Young Flowers, son of the Glou-
cestershire smith, who defeated the late Moss, the Bath
tinman, killed a man in combat, on Saturday, at Barton
Wells, on the borders of Worcestershire and Gloucester.
shire. It was a match for 25 sovereigns aside, and the
fight was a most sanguinary one of 50 minutes'duration.
Suffield, the deceased, also a blacksmith from Warmin-
ster, Wilts, had most decidedly the best of the first ten
rounds, when a very equal sanguinary fight took place.
The battle was won by Flowers placing aright-handed
lunging blow on the temple of his adversary. Suffield
fell, and lived two hours-only.
The sailors belonging to Dundee, in the London trade,
have again,struck for an advance of wages. The crews
of the Olive and Lord Kinnaird deserted them, last
week, and these vessels were thereby detained from pro-
ceeding on their voyages. The shipping companies
dispat=hed expresses toPerth, Arbroath, and other towns,
where seamen. were easily procured, at the wages refused
by the Dundee seamen. We have been informed, that.
on Saturday night a deputation from the" Union As-
sociation" waited on the men thus got from other towns;
and offered to pay them a month's wages, with their-
expenses back to their own homes, if they would break
the engagements made with the Shipping Companies.
The offer was rejected, and, on Sunday morning, while
the Lord Kinnaird was hauling out, the crew were
assailed with the most abusive language by a party of
Union-men stationed at the dock gates, apparently for
the purpose of doing so—Edinburgh Courant.
A most destructive fire broke out at the farm of Mr.
at Stanstead Rye, on Friday last, between
three and four o'clock' in the afternoon, in consequence*
of some embers blowing to The side of a barn, then being
done over with gas tar, which took fire, and ran up to
the thatch with such rapidity that in a few minutes
the whole of the buildings were in flames, and in about
two hours reduced to ashes.

The first country bank is said tohave been established
at Gloucester in 1714, by Mr. James Wood, whose son,
an eccentric individual of great age and immense wealth,
still carries on the same.

T 1 Stns TaAbL—By the Bill just printed. goods
fabz icated in part or in whole, of silk, may be imported,
but only into the port of London, and in no less quan-
tity than 1001bs. weight, nor in smaller pieces than 36
yards, or 18 yards, if ribbons—and 60 yards, if broad
silk% The goods must be imported in vessels of not
'less than 70 tons. Passengers may bring ten pounds
weight of silk goods each, but they must pay an ad
valorem duty on them, whether worn or not. By the
schedule of duties, plain silks are to pay a duty of 15s.
per lb. figured 17% plain satin 16s. figured 18s. plain
velvet 225. figured 275. 6d. Silk stockings from the
lightest, weighing 10 oz. per dozen pair, to the heaviest
weighing more than 2 lbs. per. dozen pair, pay a duty
from 21. to 12e. per lb. Good silk stockings, therefore,
will pay Is. a pair of duty. Gloves of all descriptions,
21s. per lb. These are the articles in which the ordi-
nary reader is most interested. Silk goods from any
part of the East India Company's dominions pay an
ad valorem duty of thirty per cent. without distinction
of kinds. Raw silk fa:thrown is to pay a nominal
duty of Id. per lb. The Bill makes no provision for
the importation of handkerchiefs or shawls, so far as we
can understand it.
A' short time ago, the following notice was stuck up
at a tailor's window neat Manchester :—N Wanted, two apprentices;
they will bs treated as one of the

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
GUILDHALL.

IfiNam Maley, one of Cartile's sisopmen, who •convicted
Ia June, 1824, of publishing blasphemous libels, was innargbt wit
to enter into his own recognizance in 100 k to be of good behninut
for the rest of his Ilk, Ids Majesty having been pleased to renti:
that part of big sestence that ordered hiss to "be imprisoned eresl
June, 1827.
lanes Wire, a young israelftei who bad been found in the attic-
landing of No. 4, -Angel-court, Throgatortors-street was charged
with stealing three boots, which were found in ;tie pomades.
Uplon eiassinalion, it appeared be bad come throws% the trapdoor
in the roof, mid that be had stolen the boots Irons the next house.
Messrs. Gatde and Co. Solicitors. The porter who discovered him,
called for a light, it being dusk, and his wife In coming up with it
was passed by another boy, 'who made his escape with three other
boots. The prisoner was found on the roof of a house in the Pod-
try about six weeks ago ; and two boys resembling the prisoner and
his companion were observed on the roof of Air. Gude* last
Wednesday. Garraway's coffee-house, and some houses in Swee—
ing's Alley, have also been lately robbed by thieves, who atoned
at the attic windows. The prisoner was remanded.
