CITY OF LONDON TAVERN.

Yest-irJay evening the second Anniversary. Meeent
of the Jovenile'Benevolent S Ajar, for Clothing and
Prionoting the F.dnestiol of Destitute Children, was
11..1,1 at the above Timers. The room wines:resat
crowded at an early bans, by a genteel and respectao
.)le au.lience, am Ong whom were many of the Society
of Frividi.

JOSEI'II BrTTIIIIVIIIIT7I. Eit4. Mr P. *as called to the
Chair, in the abience of CIIAIILES DUDLEY, Esq. who
was pr.-vented front atonding the Meeting by in•
disp tsii inn.
The Chairman stated t!le olj•et for which they
were assembled, wbich lie considered one of the first
importince. He cou:essci when the idea of forming
coda a Society w;ts fist supgtst..l to Hos by a friend,
he eons:Ll:red it impracticAb!r, from the immi-ose lA..
boor to which the Mernlias would he mcessar.ly
sehPcte'd; bat the cxi r.ions al'et,iy mtde by the
Committee, and the 'wens encoding tl!zse exertions,
had cornilvtely satisfied his m'ad. The cause spoke
for iuelt. Tliouiam.!S f/f clii!dren were pt.:rent...l hens
dtten,hng SaidAy 5:h001,,, s'ukly from want of cloth-
ing, and the object the Slciety had its view WAS to
furnish them with these. He could not help corgrt-
tast:nt! tie eneetilg on the I;herxlity of reatiman, so
harrly ncreAdiog All CI Isles of Christi ins at present,
!parboil nil w' s.:: the bsioqui effects w!iiet hid re-
t suited from Isir,otry were c .Is:tiered. lie board this
1 wool,' 1. r ever he the CASs:, and that her..tfier no e.g-
. test whaumer would exit !.rolng Cloistimts than that
I
lof provok,ag rach n !,er 1.,, good sverks. lie then
read a Ftter from his lioyel Highness the Du!te of
sossex. who had cook.srlei2c..! to b:c.'me the p tirem
tof the Society, and °feted his services in its :op-
p. r.,
The reFc,rt wits then read by the S-tretsry, from
; v.-hich it appzit*d diet during last year the Society
:lad clethi.d •216 children. :sides afinding wine
I temp,rery reliel to t!le taatilies to whi:h those chil-
lthen belonged. _ • _ _ .

J. ISAttur....l, Eql. at s Me leng:h addressed the
nteeting on the nt the institution from
the effeets it was to produce. Scotland was a
proud instance of what might be expertrA .c
cation ; nn the contrary, d:-fated
melancholy view of wh t banelul ram's .
.tepees
flowed from ignor.mce and supersution. He con-
gratulated the meeting on the success sthich had al-
ready crowned the labonrs of the Comm:ttee, aret
concluded by moving that the R.Tort should be
printed.
Tile mo:ion was seconded by the Rev. Ttore
HARPER:

Seteral tattsresting speeches were delivered in the
curse of the evening, by W. L►.oxns %V. HAM M,
I'. Wasom, Itev..l. GI►.BR►tT, &C.

It appeats that fis+ Sunday Schools hate been
established in New South Wales, which are well at•
tended by many of the convicts and their children,
and promise to be very successful.
Mr. WW 101.4 alluded to the great loss which the
country had recently sustained in the death of Ldr4
Stanhope, one of the brightest ornaments of the. Bri.
tish Empire. Ile related an anecdote of his Lord-
ship which gave much Orastire to the Meeting. It
appeared that some time before his Locridlooshlisp:sadnedaethx,.
he bad been much impressed with the advantages
tTiernclSnuldnrdeany Schools,
one of these
resultingpreseti at to theis public
Schools in his neighbourhood, that he might judge
from personal knowledge of the truth of what was
said. lie
waiateocnoriliiitung,lwy
haipcpricthinetedy
diad.daly.hitoirr
nthuemcbehirl-
s
deco
ne
to wait
hundred and fifty. His I.,,,rdshils, after
seeing the progt*ss they bad made, addressed them
respectiog their conduct in life, and the n-cesbity of
carrying the instructions they received into praetite,
and then gave each of them a bun, a glass cf e,
and a sixpence.

Thanks were unanimously voted tl his noyal
Highness the Duke of &me: for the high honour he
has done the Society in beccmirq their Patron; airs
to the Secretary, Tre Inver, Conamittte, aad to the
animism

Mr. BUTTERAORTIi returned thank!, 32d Expressed
his willingness to give the Society all the support that
lay in his power, convinced that the effects it would
I produce were of the highest national importance.
After the Meeting a ray liberal collectioo was ro.
ceived.

r~

P

I •

UNItED STATES OF AMERICA.

THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.

s. WASHING CON. DF 'EMIR 4.
• This day, at twelve o'clo the President of the
the
United States transmitted,.to oth Houses of Con-
owe., the ((Moving Message, by Mr. Todd, his
Secretary :
"Fellow Citizens of the Senate, and of the House
of Representatives,—ln reviewing the present state
of our country, our attention cannot be withheld from
the effect produced by peculiar seasons, which have
sferrgentrally imp tired the annual gifts of the earth,
and threatened scarcity in particular districs. Such,
however, is the variety of soils, of climates, and of
products, within our extensive limits, th.d the ag-
gregate resources fur subsistence are more than suds-
tient fais!ie,igaregate wants. And, as tar as an eco-
nonsyof coosnmpiOn, more than ustt!, m.,y be neces-
sary, our thankfulness is due to Peptone:4m for what
is far morithan a compensation, in the remarkable'
health whithhas dietingnished the present year.
~ Amidst the advantages which have
the peace of Fnrupe, and that of the United Statesl
with Great Britain; in a general invigoration of in•
dustryamong us, and in the extension of our com-
merce, the value of which is mt:re and more disclos-11
ing itseil to commercial nations, it is to be regretted
that a.depression is experienced by particular branches
of our manufactures, and by a portion of our navi-1
gatiotr. As the first proceeds, in an essential degree
ham an excess of imported werchandize, which car-
ties a check, in its own tendency, the cause, in its
present extent, canna be of very loag duration.
The evil will not, however, be viewed by Congress,
without a recollection, that manufacturing establish-
ments, if suffered to sink too low, or languish too
lung, may riot revive, after the causes shall have
ceased ; and that. in the. vicissitudes of human af-
fairs, situations may recur, in which a dependance
on foreign sources, for indispensable supplies, may
be among the most serious embarrassments.
" The depressed state of our navigation is to he
ascribed, in a material degree, to its exclusion from
the colonial ports of the nation most extensively con-
nected
with us in commerce, and from the indirect
operation of that exclusion.
44 Picvititis to the late Convention at London, be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, the rela-
tive state of the navigation laws of the two countries,
growing out of the Treaty of 1794., had given to the
British navigation a material advantage over the
American, in the intercourse between the Ameyican
ports and the British ports in Europe. The Conven-
tion of London equalized the laws ut the two coun-
tries relating to those ports; leaving the intercourse
between uur ports and the ports of the British,colo-
nies, subject, as before, to the.respective regulations
of the parties. The British Government enforcing
now, regulations which prohibit a trade between its
colonies and the United States, in American vessels,
whilst they permit a trade • in British vessels, the
American navigation loses accordingly ; and the loss
iraugniented by the advantage which is given to the
Biitish competition over the American, in the navi-
gation between our ports and British ports in Europe,
by the circuitous voyages enjoyed by the one, and
not enjoyed by the other.
44 The reasonableness of the rule of reciprocity,
applied to one branch of the commercial intercourse,
has been pressed on our part, as equally applicable
. to both branches; bUt it is ascertained, that the Bri-
tish Cabinet declines all negotiation en thetubject,
. with a disavowal, however, of any disposition to
view, in an unfriendly light. whatever countervail-
ing regulations the United States may 'oppose to the
regulations of which they complain. The wisdom
of the Legislature will decide on the course, which,
under these circumstances, is prescribed by a joint
regard to the amicable relations between the two na.
Bons, and to the just interests of the United States.
a I have the satislaction to state, generally, that
we remain in amity with foreign Powers.
•' An occurrence has indeed taken place in the Gulf
of Mexico, which, if sanctioned by the Spanish Gu-
nny make an exception as to that Power.
to the report of our naval commander on
one of our public armed vessels was at-
an overpowering force under a Spanish
lender, and the American Hag, with the officers
insulted, in a manner calling for prompt
This has been demanded. In the mean
gate and a inland vessel of war have been
that Gulf, for the protection of our corn-
would be improper to omit, that the Re-
of his Catholic Majesty, in the United
. no time in giving the strongest assurances
hostile order• could have emanated from his
it, and that it will be as ready to do, as
whatever the nature of the case, and the
tlatiuns of the two countries, shall be found

require. .
The posture of our affairs with Algiers, at the
present moment, is not known. The Dry, drawing
pretests from civeumztances, for. which the United
States were not answerable, addressed a litter to this
Government, declaring the treaty last concluded
with him, to have been annullid by our violation of
it ; and presenting, as the alternative. war, or a le.
newal of the former treaty, which stipulated, among
tether things, an annual tribute. The answer, with
an explicit declaration that the United States pre-
terred.war to tribute, required his recognition► and
observance of the treaty lest made, which abolishes
tribute, and the slavery of our captured citizens.—
The result of the answer has not been received.

'Should lie renew his warfare on our commerce, we

rely on the protection it wilt find in our naval force,
actually in the Mediterranean.
With the other Barbary States, our affairs have
undergone no change.
'S The Indian Tnbes within our limits appear also
disposed to remain.at peace. From several of them
purchases of lands have been made, particularly fa-
vourable to the wishes and security of our frontier
settlements, as well as to the general interests of the
nation. In some instances, the titles, though not
supported by due proof, and dabbing those of one
tribe with the claims of another, have been extin-
guished by double purchase, ; the benevolent policy
of the United States preferring the augmented ex-
penses to the hazard of doing injustice; or to the
entorcemeur of justice against a feeble and untutored
people. by means of involving or threatening an ef-
fusion of blood. 1 am happy to ado, that tht: trim-

quality which has been restored among the tribes
themselves, as well as between them and our own po.
pulatien, will favour the resumption of the work of
civilization, which had made an encouraging pro-
gress among some tribes; and that the facility is in-
creasing for extending that divided and individual
ownership, which exists now in moveable property
only, to the soil itself; and of thus establishing in the
culture and improvement of it, the true foundation
for a transit from the habits of the savage, to the arts
and comforts of social life.

" As a subject of the highest importance to the
national welfare, I must again earnestly recommend
to the consideration of Congress, a reorganization
of the militia, on a plan which will form it into
classes, according to the periods of life more or less
adapted to military services. An efficient militia is
authorised and contemplated by the Constitution,
and required by the spirit and safety of free Govern.
meat. The present organization of our militia is
universally regarded as less efficient than it ought to
•be made ; and no organization can be better calcu-
lated to give to it its due force, than a classification
which will assign the foremost place in the defence
of the country to that portion. of its citizens, whose
activity and animation best enable them to rally to
it. standard. Besides the consideration that a time
of peace is the time when a change can be made with
most convenience and equity, it will now be aided
by the experience of a recent si ar, in which the mi-
titia "bore so interesting a part.
4' Congress will call to mind, that no adequate pro-
iision has yet been made for Vie uniformity of weights
and measures, also contempl ited by the Constitu-
tion. The great utility of a standard, fixed in its
nature and founded on the easy rule of decimal pro-
portion, is sufficiently obvious. It led the Govern.
ment, at an early stage, to preparatory steps for in-
troducing it ; and a completion of the work will be
a just title to the public gratitude.
" The importance which I have attached to the
establishment of a University within this district, on
a scale, and for objects worthy of the American na-
tion. induces me to renew my recommendation of it
to the favourable consideration of Congress : and I
particularly invite again their attention to the cape.,
diency of exercising their existing powers, and where
necessary, of resorting to the prescribed mode of en-
larging them, in order to effectuate a comprehensive
system of roads and canals, such as a ill have the
effect of drawing more closely together every part of
our country, by promoting intercourse and improve. -
ments, and by increasinf the share of every pert of
the common stock of national prosperity. •
4, Occurrences having taken place which chew that
the statutory provisions for the dispensation of crimi.
nal justice, are deficient in relation, both to places
and to persons under the exclusive cognizance of the
national authority : an amendment of the law, em-
bracing such cases, will merit the earliest attention
of the Legislature. It will be a seasonable occasion,
also, for inquiring how far Legislative interposition
may be further requisite in providing penalties for
offences designated in the Consitution or in the Sta-
tutes, and to which either no penalties are annexed,
or none with sufficient certainty. And I submit to
the wisdom of Congress, whether a more enlarged
revisal of the criminal code be not expedient, for the
purpose of mitigating, in certain cases, penalties
which were adopted into it antecedent to experiments
and examples which justify and recommend a more
lenient policy.
The United States having been the first to abo-
lish, within the extent of their authority, the trans-
sportation of the natives of Africa into slavery, by
prohibiting the introduction of slaves, and by punish-
ing their citizens participating in the traffic, cannot
but be gratified at the progress made by coucurrent
'efforts of other nations, towards a general suppres-
sion of so great an evil. They must feel, at the same
time, the greatest solicitude to give the fullest effi-
cacy to their own regulations. With that view, the
interposition of Congresi appears to be required, by
the violations anckvasions, which, it is suggested, are
chargeable on unworthy citizens who mingle in the
Slave Trade under foreign flags, and with foreign
ports ; and by collusive importations of slaves in the
United States, through adjoining ports and territo-
ries. I present the subject to Congress, with a lull
assurance of their disposition to apply all the remedy
which can be afforded by an amendment of the law.
The regulations which were intended to guard against
abuses of a kindred character, in the trade between
the several States, ought also to be rendered more
effectual fur their humane object.
14 To these recommendations, I add, for the con.
sideration of Congress, the expediency of a re-modi.
fication of the judiciary establishment, and of an
additional department in the Executive branch of the
Government.
The first is called fir by the accruing business
which necessarily swells the duties of the Federal
Courts, and by the great and widening space, within
which justice is to be dispensed by them. The time
seems to have arrived, which claims for members of
the Su'preme Court a relief from itinerary fatigues,
incompatible, as well with the age which a portion of
them will always have attained, as with the researches
and preparations which are due to their stations, and
to the juridical reputation of their country. And
considerations equally cogent require a more conve-
nient organization of the subordinate tribunals, which
may be accomplished without an objectionable in-
crease df the.number or•expense of the Judos.
"'The extent and variety of executive business, also
accumulating with the progress of our country, and
its growing population, call for an additional depart-
ment, to be charged with duties now overburdening
other departments, and with such as have not been
annexed to any department.
The course of experience recommends, as another
improvement in the Executive establishment, that the
provision for the station of Attorney-General, whose
residence at the seat of Government, official connec-
tions with it, and management of the public business
before the Judiciary, preclude an extensive participa-
tion in professional emoluments, be made more ade-
quate to his services and relinquishments : and that,
with a view to his eettionable accommodation, and to
a proper depository of his official opinions and pro-
ceedings, there be included in the provision the usual
appurtenanoes to a public office.
4' In directing the Legislative attention to the state
of the finances, it is a subject of great gratification to
find. that, even within the shoat period which has
elaised since the Mew of peace, the revenue has far

exceeded all the current demands upon the Treastity,
and that, under any probable diminution of its future
annual product, which the vicissitudes of coMmerce
may occasion, it will afford an ample fund for the
effectual and early extinguishment of the public debt.
It has been estimated, that during the year 1816, the
actual receipts of revenue at the Treasury, including
the balance at the commencement of the year, and
excluding the proceeds of loans and Treasury notes,
will amount to abut the sum of forty-seven millions
of dollars ; that during the same year, the actual
payments at the Treasure, including the payment of
the arrearages of the War Department, as well as
the payment or a considerable excess, beyond the an-
nual appropriation, will amount to about the sum of
38 millions of dollars; and that, consequently, at
the close of the year, there will he a surplus in the
Treasury of about the sum of 9 millions of dollars.
re The operations of the Treasury continue to be
obstructed by difficulties arising from the condition
of the National currency; but they have, nevertheh•ss,
been effectual, to a beneficial extent, in the reduction
of the public debt, and the establishment of the pub-
lic credit. 'lite floating debt of Treasury notes, and
temporary loans, will soon be entirely discharged.—
The aggregate of the Funded debt, composed of the
debts incurred during the wars of 1776 and 1812,
has been estimated with reference to the Ist of Ja-
nuary next, at a sum not exceeding 110 millions of
dollars. The ordinary annual expenses of the Go-
vernment, for the maintenance of all its institutions,
civil, military, and naval, have been estimated at a
sum less than 20 millions of dollars. And the per-
manent revenue, to be derived from all the existing
sources, has been estimated at a sum of about 25
millions of dollars. Upon this general view of the
subject, it is obvious that there is only wanting, to
the fiscal prosperity of the Government, the restora-
tion of an uniform medium of exchange. The re-
sources and the faith of the Maier), displayed in the
system which Congress has established, ensure re-
spect and confidence botleut home and abroad. The
local accumulations of the revenue have already
enabled the Treasury to meet the public engage-
ments in the local currency of most of the States;
and it is expected that the same cause will produce
the same effect throughout the Union.
" But, fcr the interests of the community at large,
as well as for the purposes of the Treasury, it is es-
sential that the nation should possess a currency of
equal value, credit, and use, wherever it may circu-
late. The Constitution has entrusted Congress ex-
clusively, with the power 61 creating and regulating
a currency of that description ; and the measures
which were taken during the last Session; in execu-
tion of the power, give every promise of success. The
Bank of the United States has been organized under
auspices the most favourable, and cannot tail to be an
important auxiliary to those measures.
" For a more enlarged view of the public finances,
with a view of the measures pursued by the Trea-
sury Department, previous to the resignation of the
late Secretary, I transmit an extract from the last re-
port of that officer. Congress will perceive in it am-
ple proofs of the solid foundation on which the finan-
cial prosperity of the nation rests, and it will do
justice to the distinguished ability and successful ex-
ertions with which the duties of the department were
executed during a period remarkable for its difficulties
and its peculiar -perplexities.
" The period of my retiring from the public ser-
vice being at a little distance, I shall find no occa-
sion more proper than the present fur expressing to
my fellow-citizens the deep sense of the continued
confidence and kind support which I have received
from them. My grateful recollection of these dis.
anguished marks of their favourable regard can never
cease; and with the consciousness, that if I have not
served my country with greater ability, I have served
it with a sir.cere devotion, will accompany me as a
source of unfailing gratification.
Happily, I shall carry with me from the public
theatre, other sources, which those who love their
country most will best appreciate. I shall behold it
blessed with tranquillity and prosperity at home, and
with peace and respect abroad. I can indulge the
proud reflection, that the American People have
reached in safety and success their fortieth year as an
independent nation; and for nearly an entire genera-
tion, they have had experience of their present Con-
stitution) the offsprieg of their undisturbed delibera-
tions, and of their free choice ; that they have found
it to bear the trials of adves se as well as prosperous
circumstances, to contain, in its combination of the
federate and elective principles, a reconcilement of
public strength with individual liberty, of national
power for the defence of national rights, with a secu-
rity against wars of injustice, of ambition, or of vet' -.
glory, in the fundamental provision which subjects all
questions of war to the will of the nation itself, which
is to pay its costs and feel its calamities. Nor is it
I less a peculiar felicity of this Constitution so dear to
i us all, that it is found to be capable, without losing
its vital energies, of expanding itself peer a spacious
territory, with the increase and expansion of the cum-
munity for whose benefit it was established.

" And may I not be allowed to add to this gratify-
ing spectacle, that I shall read in the character of the
American people, in their devotion to tee liberty, and
to the Constitution which is its palladium, sure pre-
sages, that the destined career of my country will
exhibit a government pursuing the public good as its
sole object; and regulating its means by the great
principles consecrated in its chlrter, and by those mo-
ral principles to which they are so well allied: a go-
vernment which watches over the purity of elections,
' the freedem of speech, and of the press, the trial by
jury, and the equal interdict against encroachelLllLb
and compacts between religion and the state, %Lich
maintains inviolably the maxims of the public faith,
the security of persons and property, and encourages.
in every authorised mode, that general diffusicii of
knowledge which guarantees to public liberty its po
manency, and to those who possess the blessing, the
true enjoyment of it ; a government which avoids in
trusions on the internal repose of other nations, and
repels them from its own ; which dos justice to all
nations with a readiness equal to the firmness with
which it requires justice from them ;—and tshich,
whilst it refines its domestic code from every ingie-
' dient not congenial with the precepts of an enlight-
ened age, and the sentiments of a virtuous people,
seeks by appeals to reason, and by its liberal ex-
amples, to infuse into the laws which govern the ci-
vilized world, a spirit which may diminish the fre-
quency, or CllCUM‘Cribe the calamities of war, and

meliorate the trcial and beneficent ielations'of peace ;
a Government, in a wotd, whose conduct, within and
without, m4y bespeak the most noble of all ambitions,
that of promoting peace on earth an.l good will to
man. These emit, mplations, sseettenim; the rem-
nant of my days, will animate my playet:i for tie
happit.ess of my belosfrd country, and a perpe:uity
of the institutions under which it is enjnyed.

JAMES NIADIsqX."

THE E.f.ENING. sTAR.

LONDON.

• : •

THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, IPI7.
PRICE i)CK' Tiii DAY AT TWELVI O'CLOCK:
Reduced 621 63 —Cd). mu. s!..t—Cone. for opt. 640
4 per ernt. 783 79-5 per CrEt. Navy shut
Eze)equtr 13111 s, 55.7.. Bolide les 15r. pre.

The PRFSIDENT'S Speech on opening the Cringress,
given in our columns this day, is, as we stated two
days ago, quite pacific. In fact the Extracts which
we then gave, contained the substance of the topi:s
which it embraces. Previous to the late Convent*
at London, the Navigation Laws, growing out of the
Treaty of 1791, were thought unlavoniable to the
United States. The Convention allts,ted to, removed
all coati .aint tat this head. But the new regulations
prohibit a direct intercourse beawcen rur Colonies
and the trotted States, except hi I;:itish bottoms.
On this the British Cabinet would tot treat, but left
to the Americans the right to adopt what county:-
vailing regulations they may think necessary. These
are the only important points relative to this coun-
try.—With respect to

vAteconnirdinti
th 4t station,
tacked by an
Commander,
and crew, in
reparation.
• time, a ftiga
ordered into
coerce. It
. presentative
States, lost
• that oo host
Goveroment
to expert, w •
. friendly rela
m require.
The no;
