THE ASSOCIATIONS IN PRANCE.

We copy the following article from the Morning Chro-
nicle of yesterday. It is the substance of two letters from
its correspondent in Paris, and the whole throws great light
on French politics, and on what may be expected in that
country :
You remember the " Brittany Associations" which were
formed to overthrow the Polignac Ministry and the Bout.
bons I and you know well that they effected their purpose-
The professed object of such associations was to oppose, by
legal means, the collection of illegal taxes, or of a budget
which should not be voted by the Chambers ; but the real
object was the overthrow of the Restoration—of the Char-
ter of 1814, and of the system which was established in
France by the bayonets of foreigners.
Was the Revolution of July hailed with rapture in Spain
by the liberals and constitutionalists, because Charles X.
was deposed, and because France would become powerful ?
I answer, No ! It was hailed with rapture in Spain, be-
cause the Spaniards believed they should find in regenerated
France a noble ally, who would proclaim the principle of
" Universal Independence !" The Revolution of July was
hailed with rapture in Belgium, because the inhabitants of
those provinces now saw an opportunity presented for ridding
themselves from the tyranny of an anti-national Dutch Go-
vernment, and for securing those connections with France
which would lead to the happiness and honour of both peo-
ple. Was the French Revolution of July bailed with 'rap-
ture by the Poles, simply because the eldest branch of the
House of Bourbon was chased from this land, and the head
of the Orleans branch proclaimed Citizen King? I answer,,
No ; the Revolution of July was hailed with rapture in Po-
land, because that the brave and glorious people fondly,
though hitherto vainly, imagined, that the treaties of Vienna
and Paris, which parcelled out free and immortal beings as
a shepherd divides his sheep, and which partitioned Poland
by the law of force, and not of justice or honour, would at
once be destroyed by the new govenment of 33 millions of
free and emancipated citizens. The Revolution of July was
received with rapture by Poland, because all her young and
enthusiastic citizens, who had witnessed at Paris the pro-
ceedings of the " great week," and who bad been educated
in this capital in the love of liberty and of free institutions,
now beheld a blight futurity for their distant though native
land. Their correspondence with their friends—their dis-
patches to Warsaw, were all full of the triumphs of the
French, and of the promises of assistance which were every
where nude, and by every one, when the ardonr of the French
Revolution impelled all ranks and classes of individuals.
It was tho future " independence of Poland" which gave
such charms to the French Revolution in the eyes of these
brave men, but while they rejoiced at the happiness of the
French, they revelled in the glorious thought, that one of
the consequence's of such revolutions would be the freedom
of Poland.

Was the French Revolution hailed inGermany with rapture,
merely because the unjust ordinances of Charles X. had been
overthrown, and his cousin had been called to the throne,
which had been declared vacant ? I answer, No ; because
that fact alone would have inspired but little confidence in
Germany, where men think and reflect deeply and wisely.
No; it was hailed with rapture in Germany, because Bruns-
wick hereby hoped to obtain the liberties it had long fought for,
—because Saxony,fatigued with the oppressions of the Church
and State, hoped to be relieved from enormous burthens,—
because Hesse Cassel looked for a thousand alterations, and
Bavaria for a new Government, and Hanover for those amend-
ments which the Duke of Cambridge has recently announced.
Was the French Revolution of July hailed with rapture by
the Italians because the Jesuits were thereby overthrown, the
Romish church endangered in her political influence, and be-
cause Francewould become less agitated by domestic anxieties
and no longer torn to pieces by divisions and parties ? No.
The French revolution was hailed with rapture by the ha-
lians,because it resuscitated their expiring hopes—fanned
to flame the dying embers of their dejected though sincere
patriotism; and made them not merely long, but resolve to
be free ! They did not merely feel convinced, but certain ;
aye, they would have sworn to it, that France would permit
no interference in their affairs—no violation of that principle
of non-intervention, which from the month of July, Louis
Philippe bad avowed to maintain ; and consequently they
planned their own insurrections, organized their own move-
ments, and set all out in right earnest to effect the accom-
plishment of their laudable and well-known wishes.
And lastly, Was the French Revolution of July hailed
with rapture by the first-born sons of freedom, the inhabi-1
tants of the British isles, simply because a Polignac Mi
nistry had been overthrown, the system of existing treaties
attacked, the Peace of 1815 endangeied, and because the
Bourbons, who had, after all their English prejudices and
feelings, been compelled to abdicate, and had been sue—
ceeded by one who boasted in " August" that lie was " all
French ?" Again, end for the last time, I answer, No !!---,
The French Revolution was hailed with rapture in England,
first, because tyranny had been defeated ; second, because
the Holy Alliance system had been overthrown; but third,
and principally, because all who loved their country now
saw before them a bright futurity—because a popular move
went for the cause of liberty in Europe would lead to the
Reform of the British Parliament, to the reduction of the
national expenditure, to the overthrow of the system of
sinecures, pensions, profligacy, and tyranny, and to the
placing on a firmer basis the liberties of " Uld England."
Have then the benefits which were expected to result from
the Fiend' revolution of 1830 been realised by Europe, and
by Fiance ; and has France a perfect conviction that those
who are placed at the head of her affairs intend to carry
honestly, and into full effect, the revolution which cost so
much blood, and has led to so many sacrifices ?
I answer nol and now then conies the history of these
" Associations for defending the independence of Fiance !"
The first Association nos established in the department
of Moselle, %%Web includes the north-east part of the old pro-
vince of Lorraine. It borders otiGei many, and is also hounded
by the departments of Lower Rhine, Meurthe, and Meuse !
You will perceive that, from its geographical position, it has
more reason to apprehend foreign attacks than the depart-'
ment of the Seine—but as the Association in the latter de-
partment is more influential and important than any other,
I will take the act of Association of that department as the
basis of my observations.
The Association is called
" An Association for the Defence of the French Terri-'
tore." Its act of partnership or union is as follows ;
I " The patriots of the Department of the Seine applaud the sentiments

which dictated to their brethren of Moselle the Patriotic Association of
that Department.
" Considering that the Revolution of July was made the National
Sovereignty, the basis of our public rights;
" That already in 1789, the triumph of this principle armed against
as the greater part of the absolute Sovereigns of Europe, who did
use 111 down their arms until they had twice re-established a Govern-
ante fbunded on Divine right;
" Considering that It is natural to fear that the same interests (on-
set but dictate to the Kings of Europe the same conduct with rePrd
.to France;
_ _

Considering that this, new coslitioo cannot attain its object bet by
replacing Charles X. on the throne, or by dividing the territory of
Feance.
" Ceedilering that when, in Isle, Frame was delivered to Foreign
Powers by the treason of some, and the cowardice of certain depositaries
of power, she would not even then have yielded, if there had existed
in each department certain centres of action rallying all the rhinos
around them, and ready to awe the country from invasion—epee
as follows p---
" Article 1. That an association is hereby formed is the department
of the Seine, to assure the independence of the country, and the per-
petual expulsion of the eldest branch of the Bourbons.
" Article 2. Those shall be Members of the Society who subscribe,
or cause to be subscribed, on one of the lists deposited at the bureaus
of the following Journals their names, viz. Courrier Francais, Na-
liona4Conslitulionad, Journal du Commerce, La Bevoiodon, La
Trihuas.

"Article 3. Each Member engages to pay 35 centimes (211) per
moth.

"Article 4. All the Members engage on their life and honour to con.
tend, at the risk of every personal and pecuniary sacrifice which may
be necessary, against all foreign interference, and against the Bourbons
—and never to come to any anaogemtot with them, notwithstanding
the country may be reduced to the last extremity."

This is the act of the Association. The committee ap-
pointed to conduct this Association are Beranger, the Chan-
sonnier ;. Dr. Blanc ; Lieutenant Bonjour (6th Legion Na-
tional Guards), Cadet Major of the 4th Arrondissement of
Paris ; Carrel, an editor of the National (a Republican
paper) ; Caucbois Lemaire, an editor of the Constitutionnel ;
Chardel, Deputy of the Seine, Chatalain, editor of the Cour
Tier Francais (Republican) ; Chevalier, a landed proprietor ;
Conte, Ex-procureur du Roi ; Corcelles, Deputy of the
Seine ; Delaborde, also a deputy ; Demarcay, also a Deputy
of the Seine ; Dumoulin, an editor of the Constitutionnel ;
Fabre, of the Tribune; Fary, of the Revolution ; Gan-
' neron, a deputy ; Geullemot, editor of the Commerce ; Lan-
jninais, Substitute of Procureur du Roi ; Lavocat, Lieute-
nant-colonel (12th Legion National Guards) ; J. Paulin,
proprietor of the National; Portals, Vice-president of the
Tribunal of the First Instance ! ! Salverte, Deputy of the
Seine ; Taschereau, Ex-Secretary-General of the Depart-
ment of the Seine ; and Pounet, Member of the Commission
of National Recompenses.
Already thousands of names are affixed to this act of As-
sociation—among which are Deputies, students, rentiers,
proprietors, ancient officers and soldiers, workmen and la-
bourers, barristers, hundreds of National guards, printers,
docto rs, and every species of tradesmen, and eleven
of the le Polytechnique!
The Act of Association of these Societies established for
the defence of the French territory, is either a true or a
false declaration of the principle of the modern societies.
If so, these associations are formed fur preventing the re-
turn of the elder branch of the house of Bourbon to France,
and for defending this country from any foreign invasion to
carry such object into effect. And is such an association
necessary ? Would Charles X. venture once more to place
his foot on the shores of France ? Was not the revolution
of July made to overthrow this elder branch of the
Bourbon family ? Would thirty-two millions of people
passively submit to any such a return ? Will any
one tell me that France desires to be governed by the Duke
of Bordeaux—that the millions attach their happiness to his
cause, and their hopes to his return ? Will any one, who is
not mad—stark staring mad—pretend that, either in the
capital or the departments, there is anything like a feeling
of love, respect, or veneration for this young Prince, either
for his Personal merits or for his " legitimate rights ?"
The return, therefore, of the eldest branch of the House
of Bourbon to France, unaccompanied by foreign troops, is
an absurd and injurious proposition, and to form patriotic
associations to prevent such a measure, would be yet more
ridiculous than to erect a steam-engine to kill a caterpillar.
But the act of association contemplates " foreign
invasion ;" and a foreign invasion in the interest of
the eldest branch of the House of Bourbon. Let us
look at this seriously, and see if the subscribers to these
patriotic associations can be in right earnest, when they
talk of this ? In the first place, who will take the
lead in this ? and for whom will this invasion be made ?
—To meet such invaders, would not each citizen be a soldier,
and each woman and child aid in the conflict? Have we
not a million of National Guards, and 500,000 troops ? and
if the word " invasion" were pronounced, could we not have
three millions of guards, and one million of troops in the
coarse of a few weeks, if not days? Well, then, if the
object of the associations be truly stated in the prospectus,
or act of association, these new associations are the most
useless, absurd, and paradoxical measure ever yet thought
of by a free and enlightened people.
I am bound, then, to believe that the object of the asso-
ciation is not truly stated ; or else I am bound to inquire on
what is this want of confidence founded—by whom is it enter-
tained--and what can remove so great and pressing an evil ?
In truth—the founders of these associations are suspi-
cious ! They begin to fear—they have misgivings and
alarms ; they think the revolution in danger. And I will
tell you why ! . . . .

'These associations originate-
1. Ina suspicion that Louis Philip does not understand
the nature of the revolution which placed him on the Throne.
This suspicion is not without facts to support it, although
it may be that some are exaggerated. 1 will not decide
this, but you shall judge for yourself. The Revolution
of July, was, in the opinion of the people, made against
Ithe principle of Absolutism, Legitimacy, the Divine
Right of Kings. Absolute Monarchy, and the system of
slavery tinder which Europe has groaned for the last fifty
years. The resolution of July was, in the opinion of Louis
Philip, made against the ordinances of Charles X. and not
against the treaties of the holy altiance, or the arrangements
of 1815 ! This lie has declared: This he has signed !
and this is the opinion he acts on both at home and abroad.
These Associations are then bused on a distrust of the King !
2. They originate in a suspicion that the march of the
government will be unfavourable to the cause of liberty In
the world. The revolutionists of July did not expect- that
France ass to march an army to Italy, to assist the Itallani
to 'hake a revolution, because that would be a 'breach
of the principle of non-intervention; but they did ex-
pect that France would oppose by force, if neces-

3. They originate in a determination to press on the
nation to demand the fulfilment of all the promises made
in July. It is well known to the leaders of the as-
sociations, that in July, August, and even September, the
King was led by Lafayette ; that he possessed great power
in the Councils, and that all promises made by him were next
to official. In those times the Poles were led to expect the
protection of France. So were the Spanish refugees, the
Italians, and the Portuguese. The Belgians made their revo-
lution, and Louis Philip declared that the first foreign soldier
who should enter Belgium would be a signal to France that
her revolution was menaced, and that the principle of non-
intervention was to be violated ; and that France would declare
war. In those days the Belgian revolution was popular at the
French Court, and Talleyrand caused it to be recognized. But
since then the counsels are changed, and all is to be sacrificed
for peace ! The leaders of these associations are opposed to the
protocols of London—to the dismemberment of Luxembourg
—to the Dutch occupation of Antwerp, Maestricht, and so
forth ; and these associations are formed to press on the na-
tion the injustice of allsuch acts and of all such arrangements.
The same observation applies to the cases of Poland, Italy,
and Spain ; and the French are determined not to lose sight
of that which was promised to them and their allies in July,
1830.

4. Tbey originate in a decided opposition to the foreign
policy and diplomatic measures of the French Government.
5. These associations originate in a resolution on the part
of the people to maintain the revolution of July in its repub-
lican character ; to insist on the establishment of the repub-
lican institutions which were then promised; and to con-
troul, by the number and importance of these associations,
the operations of the Government, and prevent a return to
the system of the restoration. Dissatisfaction with the fo-
reign policy of the new government has begotten suspicion
and anxiety as to the home policy. The prosecutions of the
press—the seizure of journals—the continuance, for eight
months after the revolution, of so many of the agents of the
restoration in office, the non-dissolution of the old Chamber
of Deputies—the non creation of liberal and constitutional
Peers—the unsatisfactory nature of the new electoral law—
the non-preparation of many measures promised by the revo-
lution and not yet presented—the return to office of such
men as Louis, St. Cricq, Talleyrand, and so forth—all these,
and a thousand other circumstances, which it would take me
an hour to enumerate, have conspired together to create that
distrust in the domestic policy of the Government, that has
led the leaders of the people to look with more anxiety than
ever, not to the safety of the throne, but to the safety of
the republic ! These associations will be numerous and im-
posing. In each department they will be a rallyin4point.
If the republican institutions promised by the levolgtion
should not be presented to a new Chamber of Deputies, these
associations would demand them, and the Government could
not long refuse their demands.
And 6th, These institutions are forwcd to secure tp
France the return of popular candidates at the next gsneral
election. Yon will remeffiber what was effected by the So-
ciety " Aide toi, et le Ciel t'aidera !" Well, just what
that institution effected in 1830 and 1829, these patriotic
institutions will effect in 1831 ; and, if nt et seary, in ilibSt -
quent years. In each department the members of these as-
sociations, who are electors, will connect together for the
return of those men to the Chamber who shall be opposed in
heart and soul to the principles of a new restoration, as well
as to the policy and system of 1814.
