ACCOUNT OF THE OCCURRENCES AT BRUSSELS,

/ROM SUNDAY, THE 19TH or SEPTEMBER, UNTIL NOON ON
SUNDAY, THE 26TH OF SEPTEMBER.
From the Appendix to the Amsterdam Handelstdad, No. 80.

The following account has been communicated to us by a respectable
oung Dutchmen, on whose veracity and impartiality full reliAtSce may
he placed. It contains neither more nor less than a plain statement in
the shape of a journal of facts that occurred under hi. eye
SUNDAY, Sierr. 19.—After the plundering and burning at the eon
of the revolt had subsided, a comparative state of tran-
quillity existed until this day. The populace, or rather the labouring
class, had, it is true, assembled for some days on the Grand Place,
expressing their discontent, and complaining that their earnings were
too small, and that all resources of trade had left the city. How-
eve., under expectation of news from the Hague, these mobs did no
harm, and between eight and nine in the evening had always regularly,
and apparently peaceably, dispersed.
In the evening of this day (Sunday), however, there was much ex.
eitement, and the impatience of the multitude seemed no more to be
constrained. The mob was also much more numerous than it had pre-
viously been, and the cry of" Vive la Liberte" resounded often through
:he air. A person, in a tolerable decentattire, (he seemed to me to be a
Liege man,) mounted the Lantern (Reverbire) Pillar on the Grande-
Place, and harangued the people. He advised them not to commit any
excesses, to refrain from plundering,not to molest any strangers, nor any
of the Dutch enjoying the hospitality of the city ; on the contrary, he
urged them to demand arms from the Commission de Surete, the mem-
bers whereof were at the time assembled at the Alaison de Ville. The
speaker added, he knew for certain that two cases with guns (lirelocks)
were arrived, and spurred the populace on ; then, being armed, to make
a %ally to Vilvorde to attack the Royal troops, and if possible to force
them back to Antwerp. The Dutch,' were his word, must as much
as possible be beaten off the Belgian ground.' This address, took=
with enthusiastic warmth, had as it were an effect to electrify the mob.
A general (shout and approbatory exclamation now suddenly arose,
and all rushed to the Hotel de Ville. The Commission still assembled
there endeavoured by all possible means to appease the mad multitude,
but every attempt was vain. However, arms having been
them against the following day, the rioters returned to their 11:erinsgsed
without further excesses.

MONDAY, SEPT. 20.
As early as 5 o'clock in the morning, the concourse of the commonalty
at the Grande Place was very great. The mob were impatiently expecting
that the Committee of Safety would fulfil the promise of giving alms, but
nothing indicated that Commission having assembled. Thb made
the populace mad, and the cries of NOUMOWtrael trahis, a tot la
Commission de Surds:' rent the air. Many of the Burgher Guards'
posts, especially that at the Palais de Justice, were disarmed by the_po-
pulaje, who asked them whether they would go out with them to Vll-
vorde, and it' answered negatively, the reply was, " Well, if yon will
not fight, you need not any arras." This was followed by a general
attack of the Hotel de Ville, where not only two chests. of arms were
found by the multitude, but also two chests with orange cock-
ades. Nothing can give an adequate idea of the exaspera-
tion, and fury of the populace, on seeing the latter. They were,
in a passion, torn to atoms, trod under the feet, torn with the teeth,
and thrown in the mud. I saw the Advocate Sylvam Van de Weyer
suddenly leap in among the multitude, and curiosity induced me to ap-
proach him. He swore upon his honour these cockades had been there
a long time since, that they had been hid, and that none of them had
known anything whatever of their existence, &c. He spared no elo-
quence to calm the multitude, and to persuade them that no treachery
whatever had taken place. This saved the members of the commission,
whose heads would undoubtedly have been lost, had not the people been
convinced by close and effectual reasoning.
1 his whole day the people's minds were wound up very high, but the
commonalty did not seem to dare to effect their planned sally to VII-
e orde ' • they 'wanted leaders and chiefs, and no respectable citizen
would or dared to share in sech a wild undertaking. Baron d'Hooprorst
attempted by all means to keep the people from executing it, and pro-
bably to quiet them, the Gorterrarment Provisoire was chosen, and its
members named. In the evening the names were printed on a large
Brabant three-coloured flag, and thus paraded round, escorted by thou-
sands of the Burgher Guard still possessed of their arms; the mad.
zitude saluted this flag with general shouting, dispersed peaceably,
and the night was unusually quiet.

TOIMIDAY, Sam. 21.
In the morning every thing was in the sane tranquil state, and con.
tinuel apparently so until abort two in the afternoon, when a false re-
port threw all in dejection. The cries of " Ariz armies, arcs arises !
des Garrieades ! 3fordes des i.ierres Les liollandois OVIVIC1711!"
were heard on all sides. Suddenly all the shops were closed—women,
children, young girls—in a word, every one assisted to form the
barricades ; carts and waggons were taken in requisition, casks were
rolled on, were filled with stones, and, as if by magic, in every
street there or four barricades were seen, which made them almost
.ch a battery. The pavement was almost generally taken
up, and the stones carried to the tops of the houses. Thus
were the troops waited for. After all this movement, people
were not a little astonished to find that the whole alarm was created by
nothing further than six dragoon deserters, who had appeared at the
Laken gate to offer their services to the citizens. The mob then be-
came calm, and things were peaceable until one at night. But
.low such a fearful noise ensued that this night will never be ef.
herd from my thoughts. The shouting, yea, most fearful stream.
'1!; Of " Abi armes !," responded by that of " Les Hollandois
t.sateent," was yelled most madly in every street—drums beat the
attack—from all s4les the trumpet was sounding to arms. My
pot refuses me its assistance to describe the impression the awfulness of
tnis night made upon my tielings. After all, it was but a false alarm.
At Shaerlieck, a patrol of dragoons had passed, and some peasants
had given information at the gates as if the army was advancing.
Within half an hour afterwards this was spread all over the town.,
People were soon, however, convinced of its being false, and now
tote cry resounded of ("est ruse jaunt alerts, and by four in the
morning all was quiet agLit,

WEDNERDAY, SEPT. 22.
'f he morning of this day was tolerably calm, although here and there
the mob tried to molest and tease the troops. The quiet citizens ce-
tliainal within their house,, not wishing to be shot or killed by beating ;
there were thus only he very lowest class. and about 400 Liege people,
who sallied out of the Sauerbeck.gate, and attacked and fired upon the
grenadiers, who were there in advanced guard. These latter stood firm,
uut, to their regret, being without any orders to use more efficacious
.weans, and vigorously attacking. This fight, of course, wes a mere
Ainnish, which cost no liven, and only ten or twelve of the mob were
wounded. The dusk of evening put an end to this inaigniikant
COL About eight in the evening the proclamation of Prince
Frederick appeared. The respectable inhabitants, although in general
t..,,,ati,fied because no concession bad b t n made by Government, were
however much rejoiced at the news of da; troops approaching, and hoped
end would be put to the miArrable state of Brussels. But the vil.
Liegemen, breathing nothing but flame and fury, were occupied
that night in spurring on and occitivg. With the mob's assistance they
14'4 possemlion of all the gate entrauces, forced the citizens who lived

the streets leading to them to carry up stones in their houses--to leave
their doors open all night, and as soon as the troops horced their en.
trance, to crush them with what they had of any weight and large size
in their houses. The awful spectacle of barricading the gates. lasted
with increasing activity and honor all night. The middle part of the
town was, however, tolerably quiet.
THURSDAY, SEPT. 22.
At six in the morning the troops advanced upon the Luken, Schaer.
beck, Louvain, Auderlecht, and Vlaarvesche gates. At that motr.ent
the report of cannon was heard front all sides. The barricades in front
and back of the gates, for a moment, afforded sufficient work to the ar.
the superior flue of the Dutch great
tillery, but all soon gave way beforeguns. Of all thus far described 1 s ar cye.witneas, hut of the
dreadful murderous flghting•on the randers Chaurak, the Lackcn
gate, the streets of Auderlecht Hoyael, Louvain, and Namur, I cannot
give such an accurate description, Ist, as I could naturally not have been
present at all these places ; and 2dly, not feeling myself called upon to
act as mere looker.on, which would have been my lot, of course, as
a Dutchman, and unnecessarily running into danger.
As I remained in my hotel, my hearing is still affected by the most
dreadful cannonade and firing, the thundering and rattling noise of
which did not cease until five in the afternoon. I immediately went
out into the streets, and among the thousand and thousands of reports
then spreading, I shall relate what 1 consider as most worthy of !
belief, although I naturally do not undertake to guarantee the per.
feet veracity, which I can only do for what I saw. I begin with the
Flanders gate. On this, the fifth division had advanced, and dis.
tinguished itself by lion-like courage. After a sanguinary conflict
at the gate, this valiant division marched into the town; advanced
as far as the Catherine Bok, where they were obliged to halt by
a strong barricade in their way, which was defended by about
60 of the rabble, who demanded of the Colonel to deliver up his arms.
He replied, that military honour forbade ever to give up arms; that,
besides. he did not come as an enemy, but only to re-establish peace
and tranquillity. Hardly had this commander spoken the words, when
the mob suddenly fired upon him from behind the barricade, by which
several men in the front line were killed. The citizens, who were on
the roofs of their house'. now seeing the troops stopped by the impedi.
ment alluded to, judged the moment opportune to throw down on the
troops, stones, chairs, tables of all descriptions, even such as arc used
by carpenters for planing, grates, &c. so that the bloodshed and murder
on that point was most terrific.
The unfortunate troops thus who stood on the Flanders chaussec were
nearly all murderously destroyed. They had hardly any means of
saving themselves remaining, and those stationed at the gates were
forced to retreat ; they had no other lot awaiting them than being
crushed and murdered. The number of brave soldiers who there lost
their lives and got severe wounds is differently stated; but taking the
distance from the gate Catherine Bok, must surely be taken at not below
400 or 300.

At the Auderitcht gate the bloodshed was not so great. For when
our brave soldiers saw that nothing here was to be done by honourable
righting, but that it was only tteacherous work of murder on the side of
their enemies, who could crush them, without being themselves in dan-
ger of any hurt, they refrained from advancing further up the street.
Of the military, no lives were lost on this point, but about 150 men
were lost by the rabble. What r,usitber the division was at this gate
I am igrorant of.
Of the conflict at the Lacken gate I hardly heard any thing, not hay.
ing been able to speak with any one who had been present there. Re-
port, however, will have It that the military could not stand it long
there. The barricades thrown up by the mob, on both sides of the bou-
levards, served them as fortifications. The throwing of stones, &c. out
of the houses in the Lacken-street obliged them to retreat. At the
Schaerbeck-gate the fight was very courageous, but very bloody. The
mob had collected on that point in multitudes: they were, however,
obliged to give up before the valiant gee.nadien, who, notwithstanding
the firing out of the room and cellar windows, and the throwing of stones,
&c. from the roofs, some pushed on to the Park, but further was
impossible ibr them, as the Hotel (formerly Prince Frederick's,) the
Cafe l'Amitie, and Bellevue houses, were filled by the mob; and this
passage, besides, was fortified by several barricades. To attempt fur.
Cher advancing would have been rushing on to certain death for the
troops. Our troops did not, as I have since seen by the papers, get as
far as the Place Royale. The leas of the mob is computed at about
360 or 400 ; on the aide of the military I do not know the number, but
in my opinion, it may safely be taken as not very large ; this street is
very broad, and the respectable occupiers of these houses would undoubt.
edly oppose the throwing stones as much as they could : however, the
houses suffered much by the cannon.
The troops were consequently in possession of the Park. Most fearful
was the firing out of and in it, the whole day the rebles could not create
any fear among our brave troops, they that day spouted aquifortis into
the Park. What the consequence has been I shall not attempt to de-
scribe, it may easily be imagined.
The Namur and Louvain gates were also mastered by our troops,
who were thus in possession of the higher part of the town. The firing,
as I have already said, was uninterrupted until fire in the afternoon, when
a white fiag was shown by the rebels, and the requested truce was ac.
cepted by the troops.
In the evening, however, there appeared a false proclamation of
Prince Frederick, that if the troops made themselves masters of the
town on the following day, he allowed them two hours of plunder.
This shameful lie enraged the populace, who become more daring, in-
assottekas they imagined they bad had the advantage of the troops, and
also incensed the more respectable citizens, who had so much wished
for the entry of the troops the day before. They all resolved to fight to
the last drop of blood, to protect their wives, children, and possessions.
FlOlll this moment it became a strife for life or death on their part.
" Vaincre ou mount !" now became the general cry.
The same evening a proclamation from the Liege men was published,
stating that all who should bring provisions to the troops shut up (as
they alleged) in the park, which, however, was untrue, as they had
the free egress through the Rue Royale and by the back of the palace of
the Prince of Orange, would be immediately shot in the market-place.
Notwithstanding this positive prohibition, two women, who in all pro.
bability had believed the shutting up of the troops to be true, had the
courage and humanity to violate the order. They were apprehended,
and instead of being shot, one was hewn in pieces by the Liege cannibals
in the market-place, the other was, with horrible outcries, carried past
my door, thrown and drawn from one side to the other by the populace,
and at last, with true fiend-like madness, torn asunder. This scene was
most horrible : in the lower part of the town the night was tolerably quiet.l
FRIDAY, SEPT. 24.
At eight in the morning the thundering of .he cannon and rattling of
small arms commenced with renewed force ; both lasted until seven in
the evening. Eye.witnesses assured me that the firing out of the park
upon the Cafe l'Amitie and Bellevue had been terrible : these buildings
suffered much, although they were not broken down or fallen in, as has
been related in some papers. In the course of this day a most terrible
fight took place at the Namur gate, where, however, our troops were
victors t 400 Of 500 citizens must have been killed there. The hospital
of St. John and St. Peter, and the plundered government hotel of Gover-
nor Vander Fosse, were filled with dead and wounded—they knew not
what to do with them. The ttoops did not advance further that day,
but were again obliged to quarter in the park that night In the
morning, the mob had plundered the Crown Prince's Palace. I
heard this by a person who had assisted in drinking up the good
old ehaubertin wine found there • •• It was delicious," he said, and
with this gastronomic ejaculation he closed his tale. By six in the
evening a house was in flames, between the Lacken and Schaerbeck
gates. Not long afterwards the riding-school of Mr. Max was in
conflagration. I stood on the top of a house. The scene of these
two masses of fire, together with a dark sky, storm, and drizzling
rain, thundering of cannon, mixed with the cries of the wounded,
made such an impression, that it was as if I should sink to the
ground. I could no longer witness this scene of horror. The fire
lasted till four in the morning.
SATURDAY, Sept. 25.
The tiring was less heavy, the troops remained in the Park, and made
not the least movement: the Schaerbeck, Namur, and Louvain gates
continued still in their possession. The military had, during the night,
mastered the Louvain.street, and plundered and destroyed every thing.
A Lieutenant assured me, that it was impossible for the officers to stop
the men's excited fury : and no wonder, when one recalls to himself how
treacherously bad they had been received by the people. There was no
fife that day : it seemed as if both patties were tired. Two Antwerpers
were molested that day by the mob, who looked upon them as spies,
probably because Antwerp bad not taken any part in the rebellion. The
night was unusually quiet.

SUNDAY, SEPT. 26.
At 8 in the morning the cannonade began with renewed force, at the
very moment that I had resolved suddenly to leave this unfortunate
laity, and not to witness any longer the awful destiny overhanging i:.
intrusted my plan to the Liege Cap. Bolman. This young man, proud
of the confidence reposed in him by a Dutchman, did not hesitate to en-
danger himself to help me, and promised and swore to see me out of the
gate, and that he would, if my safety was in danger, defend my life at
the risk of his own. I informed him that two more persons—of which
one was' person in Government employ, who bad been accused of wear.
ing the Orange cockade, which was only, however, an invention to give
him up to the fury of the mob; the other (a lady,)—were to be saved,
u we had sworn to remain together.
Captain Holman guaranteed us all; and amidst a thousand den.
gers brought us safe through the Flanders-gate (in possession of the
populace), and did not leave us till lie was certain of our safety.
We all—and I in particular—owe much gratitude to this loyal Liege
man, and shall u long as we live look upon him as our preserver.
When we left the town there was a fire near Auderlecht.gate, and tbe
cannonading continued.
In a postscript it is said. that of the 260 Liege men Captain Bolman
had !nought with him to Brussels, only 20remained on the 28th of Sep-
mber.

PRANCE.
We received yesterday the Paris Paris dated Wednesday, and the
Massager des Mtwara dated Thursday. The following are extracts:

Prows Me Meeessyer des Chanbree, &Sad TAursday.
VIENNA, 13srr. 25.
The Count de 'Area!tern one of our most distinguished diplomatic
characters, has just been appointed illnista Plenipotentiary and Envoy

Ratraort.intoy it) the King of the Two Steaks. This choice give, ra-
ven to pre,ante tha our Cabinet has concluded atrangep. :sits
of very great I.l.l.ottance with the King of Naples. Covet Louis
de Bonibelles s to Pas hitherto represented our Sovereign at the Court
of Tuscany, is art/ism-A Ambassador to Lisbon. The marsh of troops
to Upper Italy cominues without interruption. Among other arraoge-
mats said to have been resolved upon by the Ault Cour cil, the gar.
rison of Venice will he composed of 9,000 Hungarian troops. The
garrison of Sllan will he increased to 14,000. Vee hear a great deal
4,f au of and defer rive alliance with the King of the Two tiicilics,
certain stipulations of winch will be speedily carried into execution.
MADRID, SEPT. m.
Corr e :pitudenee of the Meager.
The re-organization of t"e Royalist Volunteers of the principality of
Catalonia prceeds with activity. In each capital of a district (cortege.
mcnto) a complete regiment is formed, abd the class of officets is com-
posed of all those who are distinguished by their ultra-royalist opinions.
According to letters from Barcelona, the consternation of the in.
habitants is such, that in consequence of the measures of the Count
d'Rvagne, that the places in eighty diligence' are engaged by
whole families, who are removing to the interior of the king-
dom. The diligence from Bayonne, which arrived here yester.
day, brought foureen French Jesuits, who having received competent
permission, are going to found part of divers houses, which their order
possesses in the capital. It seems that all the emigrants from France
who are at the Port du Passage have received orders to repair to the
famous house of Loyola, in the province of Guipuscoa. Major General
San Llorente, who occupies Santander, has been appointed second in
command in the Philippine Islands. It seems that the General has
sent a memorial to his3lajeste.explaining the reasons that hinder him from
accepting this appointment. ;lip: Apostolic party trimphs here. The am-
derate make warm efforts to ace -owlish their projects. The King de-!
sires to reconcile the 'Members of the Cabinet, but he is ruled by the'
Absolutists. i t is said dim the plan of the moderate party would be thel,
establishment of a &pre sentative Government in imitation of England,
in which the Monarchical principle should predominate, but in which the
Aristocracy would have a considerable part. But the Absolutists display
a frightful energy. The ancient Chiefs of the Army of the Faith. the
directors of the movement of 1817, arc placed at the head of the military
force, and every day 31adrid witnesses the arrival of fresh battalions, who
arc sent towards the North. The troops sent from this city will have
taken good positions in Catalonia before the Constitutionalists from
abroad have penetrated into that province.

CILIA DIRER OF DEPUTIES, Ocr. 6.
The President took Chair at half-put twelve o'clock.
A party of about twenty of the wounded of July, all dressed in the
uniform of the National Guard, having applied for leave to assist at the
meeting of this day, were ushered in by the officer of the Chamber, and
placed in the Tribune belonging to the Peers.
BIaDTA DE MONTJAU made a report on various petitions,
which gave rise to no discusssion. The following, on divorce, excited
general merriment:—

"Deputies,- -You would only accomplish the half of your task if you
did not re-establish divorce—(a loud laugh.) Liberty without &mire
is a were word—(roars of laughter.) You would hare liberty without,
slavery within, with a wicked and scolding wife—(renewed laughter.)
A rich man can free himself of an abominable tie; mediocrity alone
must remain in torture. I request you will take the law of divorce into
consideration.—Your servant, " BARBI ER."
' The petition was referred to the Keeper of the Seals.
The Spanish General Torrijos, in London. said 31. 3lontjau, com-
plained of the violation of a capitulation for the delivery to the French
army of the strong places of earthagcna and Alicant, of which he had
the command.

M. Berenger, reporter of the Special Commission, charged with VC.
*mining the proposition of M. de Tracy relative to the abolition of
the penalty of death, spoke u follows :
" The Commission is not all convinced that the majority of the
nation understands the importance of the abolition of the penalty of
death : this abolition would necessitate great changes in the penal
eode, and, perhaps, even the creation of a new one."
The reporter entered into great details concerning the effects of the
capital punishment applied to political crimes, and grounds his reasons
on numerous facts of the first revolution.
The Commission was of opinion that the penalty of death should be
suppressed in many circumstances, and concluded for the adjournment
of the question,
The question will be discussed after to-morrow.
The former law on sacrilege was then voted, and rejected.
The sitting broke up at half-pant four.

SPAIN.
REVOLUTION IN CADIZ.
Madrid letters, dated 27th of last month, state that an extraordinary
express, directed to the Minister of War, arrived in the preceding night
at Madrid, with the intelligence of the city of Cadiz having riser in fa.
your of liberty. Our Madrid correspondent reports the news, as it was ge-
netally known on the morning of the 27th, but we have received further
information from Paris, by which it appears that Col. Puensa, ex.3li-
nhter of War, and ex-Gefe-Politico of Malaga, headed the movement.
—They have been, it is added, backed by the military force within
the walls of Cadiz. However strange it may appear to hear of Colonel
Puensa, brother-in-law of the Apostolic General Campano, having taken
so decisive a step, this military chief being a man of courage, and the
opportunity ripe for an exploit, we shall not be surprised at hearing
the confirmation of the news. What makes us give the more credit
to the probability of the Cadiz movement is, we know that the gallant
Gen. Torrijos had arrived safely in the vicinity of that city, and was
animated with the warmest expectations of the ultimate success of his
attempt. Madrid was in a very disturbed state. The Constitutionalists
or the frontiers of France are, we are assured, on the eve of commencing
active operations for the delivery of their native soiL
