had thought Ferpsson a tool of some powerful per•'
son ; but this was not proved. It appeared, how •
ever, that he had means of communication with Go-
vernment, and that he was very near getting the office
for which he asked. He had been asked by an lion.
Gentleman (Mr. Lyttelton), if he intended to follow
up this proceeding with any further measure?—
To this he should certainly answer in the negative.
He did not see the necessity of introducing new mea-
; urea for the punishment of that for which there was
already a sufficient punishment, if the House chose'
to exercise the powers with which it was vested. He
was not surprized at the Noble Lord (Binning)
moving the previous question. That Noble Lord had
also moved the previous question in the case of Lord
Castlereagh, rune years ago—(Hear, hear).—But
though the House then felt a strong with to favour
the Noble Lord (Castlereagh), the previous question
was negatived almost unanimously. Whether the
right of election should be with Householders or
Freeholders, or whatever part of the community, it
was equally necessary to watch Over that right of
election, and to punish those who attempted to vio-
late it. Whether we had Septennial or Triennial
Parliaments, or, according to the Reformer, who
lately discovered Mr. Prynne to be in favour of An-
nual Parliaments, as Brevia Parlian►entaria rediviva,

meant " short Parliaments divided"—(Larfhter)—
we were to have annual Parliaments—still at would

become the House to watch over the purity of elec-
tions, and to punish those who attempted to corrupt
them. With respect to Reform, the very measure
was the beginning of Reform. The House had al-
ways the power of reforming itself, when it did its
duty by applying the existing law to the punishment
of offences. It had been said, that the House having
made the option, and having committed Fergusson,
ought not to vote his removal from office. But from
the beginning, he had intimated that it was his in-
tention to follow up the motion for commitment with
another for removal. He intreated the House to con-
sider that it was no immaterial consideration for
them, when they were on the verge of a General
Election, whether they would visit an offence of this
kind with the punishment which would be most se-
verely felt by the individual. They all knew that
commitment to Newgate was a punishment which
would soon be forgotten ; in fact, it was lighter than
remaining in the custody of the Sergeant at Arms, as
the daily fees were so heavy, that it formed a much
more severe punishment than commitment to New-
gate. The House then divided—
For the previous question - 106
Aphsat it 57—Majority 19.
ROrAL MESSAGF.

Lord CASTLEREAGH appeared at the Bar of
the House with a Message from his Royal Highness
the Prince Regent respecting the Marriage of his Royal
Highness the Duke of Kent, for which see the Lords.
When the Message had been read from the Chair,
an Address of Thanks was, on Lord CASTLEREAGH'S
motion, ordered to be presented to the Prince Regent
for his most gracious communication, and to assure
him, that the House would immediately proceed to
the consideration of his Royal highness's Message.
Lord CASTLEREAGH then moved that the said
Message be referred to a Committee of the while
House to-morrow..—Agreed to.

IRISH ASSESSED TAXES.

On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EX-
CHEQUER, the House went into a Committee on
the Irish Assessed Taxes.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in
rising to propose some modification of these taxes,
combated the opinion that Parliament had pledged
itself to repeal the tax on windows. It had origi-
nally, like all other Irish imposts, been enacted for a
year ; but the necessities of the State had long since
caused it to be pledged for the permanent charges.
There was no gra/n(1, therefore, for considering it as
a war tax, that ought to terminate at the conclusion
of peace. It could not be remitted entirely in justice
to the Public, unless some provision had been made
to supply its place ; but it became au object of some
importance to consider to what amount it ought to
be reduced. He had prepared a proposition to re-
concile the interests of Ireland to what was due to
those of the empire in general. It must not be forgot-
ten that the Irish Debt amounted to six milhoss
and a halt, Irish money, and that the produce of
her taxes was only five millions, leaving 1,500,0001.
to be provided for from other sources. It be-
came, however, the British Parliament to afford
relief to Ireland as largely as would be compatible
with the general welfare. Among the Taxes most
complained of was, the Hearth Duty, on which he
did not intend at present to effect any alteration.--
The next was the IVinclow Tax; it was one of the
most productive, and he should propose to make a
very considerable reduction in it, not than 25 per
cent. so that it would be replaced on the footing on
which it stood previous to its last augmentation. In
Scotland, houses with more than four windows, in
England with more than six, and in Ireland with
more than seven, were assessed to this tax. He should
propose that in lodging-houses and others occupied
by the lower classes, one shilling should only be
charged for each window, whatever their number ;
but this indulgence should only be extended where
the window was not only for light, but also for air.
As to the taxes which affected carriages, horses, and
Men, they had been considered as sumptuary laws,
intended to repress extravagance, as well as to swell
the revenue. As they stood, both in Great Britain
and Ireland, the duties went on increasing with every
additional carriage, horse, or servant. By taking
away this progressive increase in Ireland, he propos-
ed to afford considerable relief. Such a measure
might also lead to more important results. It would
yield employment for the lower classes, and by ena-
bling the Irish absentees to live in greater style under
a reduction of taxes in their own country, it might
induce them to return to Ireland and to reside among
their tenants. If this were to happen, he should think
that the purpose of Parliament had been amply an-
swered. On all these duties there should be a con-
siderable reduction. But on one class of carriages
he was disposed to extend it still farther. He meant
the national carriage of Ireland—the jaunting car,'
the duties on which would in every case be reduced
from 61. 10s. to 21.25. He concluded by putting in
the hands of the Chairman of the Committee Mr.
Brogden) a series of Resolutions for carrying the
plans he had mentioned into effect.
On reading these Resolutions,
Sir lILNItY PilliN44L stated, that it was the

manner is which the Hearth Tax was collected yak
rendered it so objectionable. The power given u
the officer was not only unconstitutional, tut
by
been ill used, and much complained of. He then re.
ferred to the offer made by king William to Ned&
meat, to regulate or take away the English Ik
Tar, which produced at the time VOO,OOOl .
House of Commons had expressed in an Addre% itx
gratitude for " this most generous ad unprecedelb.
ted offer."—He appeAlei to the justice t. 4 eat Hou*,
whether the people of Ireland should not also be re.
lieved from an impost which had been de,crilict, is
the transaction to which he had alluded, as “ opp,„,
sive, and a badge o 4 slavery." He then morel dot
so much be left out of the Resolution As tebt,J to
the Hearth Tax.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIII4IT4
tended, that the Officer had not the power t„
every room, provided he was allowed Cr, cLarg,
those which he thooglit might contain a hearth. 11
onus of proving that the charge was strong thea re.
mained with the proprietor. He had some timesirke
suggested a commutation of the Heir!, Tat ke a
duty on Houses, but that had nut mgt adz the
probation of Oddness'.

rater

Sir HENRY PARNELL would be disposed to
give up the proposed reduction iu the Moiler Is,
if that on Hearths were repealed.
Mr. L. FOSTLIt and Mr. D Bitowxc supported tle
Tar as it now stood.

Sir F. FLOOD was not so much aglinst the seem;
of the tar, as against the indignity o:fere.' to
in charging her with a tax which had been declasti
oppressive and a badge of slavery in England. He
was astonished that -Irishmen should be found sr:*
voted against every measure for the relief cf tltrir
I country. Those who represented great citiLl arj
great counties would feel rather awkward when they
should go buck to their constituents and tar, tee
have given a great vote against your relief:
After a few words from Mr. V. Firtntaato. Re
J. NIWYORT, Mr. PARNELL, and Mr. PEEL Sir IL
Paawatt, with the consent of the Committee, with-
drew his Amendment—The Resolution was thra
read and agreed to.
On the third reading of the Resolution ttlecting
windows,

Sir J. NEWPORT said, that without entering at
present into the question of pledge, he shouid pro-
pose, and with a v►ew of conc►liaung the ititertlt ►f
the Irish people with that of the revenue, gut tlie
reduction an the present rate of the Wind►,w Tax
extended from 25 to 50 per cent. The Rig:lt Ho-
nourable Baronet urged, w►th much aoinution, is
proof of the necessity of affording relief, the gmt
pressure on Ireland from diminutions of elpris
within the last three years, which amounted to more
than two millions.

Sir FILEI)FRIC FLOOD concurred in all that Li
been said of the miseries of Ireland, which cuual
proved by the First Commissioner of Elate to LI

.
io such a degree, as to make every man oho tri-ht
hear him shudder. In the last p.m-the wjl
Tax fell short upwards of 54,0001-principally ari lag
from its pressure, and which had tended to pti dory
the typhus fewer. On these grounds he argued far
'its reduction. He wished the Chancellor ot the Es-
chequer to visit Ireland again and again ; for the of 4
tuner he saw its miseries the more he would do to
relieve them. He grudged from las heart the money
spent by absentees in a hostile country. and hoped
that ever!' man who went abroad front soriquir
would suffer. It was the interest of every IlnliLh
Member to join in supporting the amendment.
Mr. PEEL argued, that if a pledge had been git t"*.
we had no other alternative but to redeem the pledgs.
AO repeal this tax on the return of peace. lit' Wert
'over the different arguments that had been u5...1, and
napressed his opinion, that if such a pledge had bera
Drum in the Act of the Irish Parliament, in PIK
by which the Window Tax was imposed, we had os
discretion to use. But the Honourable Baronet hal
omitted to state, that by this Act every other us as
continued, the Act being annually renewed h..
therefore, there was an obligation to discontiatiethn
tax, there was the same obligation fur discontinuing
all the other annual duties witich were included is
this Act. But there was a separate Act in 1799, fie
posing the Window Tax (the other which continued
it being passed in 1800), and in this there was no
pledge for discontinuing it on return of peace. Thus
all that had been imputed to us of a breach of faith
was overturned. When the Right Honourable Ba-
ronet continued this Act in 1806, why did be so
make some special exception in favour of the WW-
I dow TAX ? Because he could have no idea that
there was a pledge to separate it from the others.—
The general wish in Ireland fur the repeal of a tat
was a very fallacious criterion of the distress of tbe
country. England had taken upon herself heavy
burthens by the union of the two Exchequers, and it
was necessary that she should pay Assessed Taxes, to
go towards the deficiencies that England hadto make
good. The total charge of Ireland in the last Tex
amounted to 4,887,0004 and the total revenue to
4,988,0001. The deficiency was therefore 497,0000
and this deficiency would be increased to the amours
of 90,0001. by the measure proFosed by tl.e Hom Ba-
ronet, and by the whole amount of the propmed re-
ductions, 150,000/. consequently the sum must be
added to the deficiencies of this year. This ssoxica
would be required to meet the existing charger, and
which must be supplied by this 'country. The charge
payable in England for the interest of the Irish Debt
was 4,476,0004 This was the extent of the burdes
England had taken on herself, and to which Ireland
%voted have been liable. In addition to this must be
added the deficiency in the Con olidated Fund, and
then it would be found that the whole extent cf
the burden was at least five millions per annum.—
The interest of the debt at the time of the Union tiro
1,600,000/. The interest of tie debt. which Ireland
now pays, is 1,680,000/. so that there was no greater
difference than 80,0001. between the amount now ate.
then. The charges for the Army, the Miscellanects
Services, the Ordnance, and others exclusively Irish,
were 3,100,0001.; so that the charges being upwards
of 3,000,0001. and the income only 4,000,0014 31',3
odd, the whole of the remainder of about 1,3b0,006
was to be made good. Then where was a substitute
to be found for any tax that might be abolished'—
It was the duty ache House, when they pressed the
repeal of a tax on the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
to consider whether he could find a substitute; and
was it probable that he could find one for this Ws
if it were repealed ? The Right lion. Gentleman can-
