WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAY 20,1829.

•
Robert Hilkillsepton hfallett, Somersetahire, shopkeeper. Jose 4.
5, and 30. at one, at the Commercial Rooms, Bristol. Amanita,
Messrs. Vitard and Co. Lincoln's Inn-fields; or Messrs. Gre-
gory and CI. Bristol. •
William Evros. 'Averred, grocer, June 1, 2. and 30, at one, as
the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Attornies, Meows. Adlinglas
and CO: Bedford-row ;or Mr. Houghton, Liverpool.
i Peter Deckhouse, Liverpool, glass-dealer, June 1,2, and 30, at *al
at the Clarendon Rooms. Liverpool.' Anemia, Mr. Bray.
Liverpool ; or Messrs. Blakeluck and Co. &rjeant's Inn.
Charles Freebury Kendrick, Stroud. Gloucestershire, minter,
May 27, at five. 25, and June 30, at ten, at the George
*Mud. Attornies, Mr. W. R. King. Serjeant's Inn, Fleet-
littee ; or Messrs. Newman and Son, Stroud.
harltiobinson, Knottingley, Yorkshire, vessel.builder, May 25,
29, and June 30, at eleven at the Star Inn, Pontefract. Atter.
des, Meows. filakelock and Co. Serjeant's Ind, Fleet-street ;or 1
Mr. W. Horner, Pontefract.
WBUasa Pomfret, York, dealer In china, June 5,6, and 50, at two,,
at Os 'Once of• Mr. H. Brown. Hanley, Stoke upon- Troika
Staffordshire. Anoraks, Messrs. Hicks and Co. Bartlett's-
buildings • or Mr. H. Brown, Hanley.
John bilell;dew, Meadowcroft, Rochdale. Lancashire. fustian-
mentifictarer,'Jone 3,4, and 30, at nine, at Me York Hotel,
Manchester. Attendee, Mesirs. Hurd and Co. Temple; or Mr.
Hitchcock;hianshester.
Joseph Barret, l,Jpper Berkeley-street, St, hlary-la-bonne. painter,
May 22, at twelve, 99, and June 30, at eleven, at the Lo' urt of
Commissioners of Bankrupts, Basinnballstreet. Attorney, Mr.
A. Robinson, Orebarskatreet. Portnmaiquare.
Richard Wilde, .Cratrommbeet, er, May 99, at thrft,i
June 2, and 30, at two, at the 011112 et Casiesimers At lisalt.!
rums, Daainghalkereet. A tamp,. 11r. Patersore, tianthrook•
court, ilasingisallsstimet. .•• IP' ••
Stephen Bioe, Ids*, Bennet, paler, May ieb June 2, and 30, at
nine, at the Court of Crummissiongs of Bankrupts, Basinalsall.
street. Attorney. Mr. H. Clarke, &singhall-street. •
Joseph Smith, High ,Holborn, bookseller, May 26, June 2,. and 30,
at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners of Bankrupts, Bating-
hall-ptreet. Attorney, Mr. Lonadale, Symond's Inn,. Chan-
cery lane. •
Acton Sillitoe, Newcastle under. Lyne, Staffordshire; silk throwster,
May 22, June 5, and 30, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners
of Bankrupts, Basinghalistreet. Anoraks, Messrs. • James,
Beekleribury.
Edward Phillips Bristol, vitriol-maker. June 5, 12, and 30, at
twelve, at the Rummer Tavern. Bristol. Attornies' 'Messrs.
Poole
Poo and Co. Gray's Inn-lane; or Mr.-Evans' Bristol.
Henry Rawlings, Surrey-street, Strand, hatter, May 26, June 9.
and 30, at elevenot the Court of Commissiormrs of Bankrupts;
Basingbalistreet. Attornies, Messrs. Constable and Co. Symond's
Inn, Chaneerr.lane.
Edward Eager, Langley, Buckinghamshire, merchant; May 22,
at twelve, 29, and June 30, at eleven, at the Court of Com.
missioners of Bankrupts, Rasinghall.street. Attorney, Mr.
Harrison, Bond-court, Walbrook.
James Augustus Healey, Fleet-street, bookseller, ?day 22, at
twelve, 29, and June 30, at eleven, at the Court of Commis-
Moser, of Bankrupts, 11/Washed-street. Attorney, Mr. Hop-
kinson. Red Lion-square.
Joseph Aliday. Birmingham, wire worker, June 4,3, and 30, at
two, at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Attornies, Messrs. Car-
dale and Co. Gray's Inn; or Messrs. Hawkins and Cu.. Bir-
mingham.
Charles Freakley, Manchester, shoemaker, June 4, at four, 5. and
30, at ten, at the Commercial Inn,- Bolton. Attornies, Messrs.
Cross and Co. Bolton-le-Moon; or Messrs. Adlington and Co.
Bedford-row. •

DIVIDENDS.
June 11. 1.. Hyde. Horsley, Gloucestershire, .cloth worker, at
eleven, at the Beaufort Arne lap, Petty France, Gloucestershire
—May 26. G. Grain Cambridge, batter, at eleVen' at the Court of
Commissioners. London—May 26. J. C. Bremer, Somerset-place,
New-road, Whiteehapel, merchant, at eleven. at the Court of
Commissioners--June 9. J. Cooper, sen. and J. Cooper, jan. Trow-
bridge, Wiltshire, clothiers, at twelve, at the White Hart Inn,
Rah—June 15. J. Balmer, sea. andJ. Bulmer, juts. South Shields,
Durham. ship builders, at eleven. at the George Inn, Newcastle.
upon-Tyne—June 26. J. Mansell. Birmingham, timber merchant,
at eleven, at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham—June 17. J. Cockle,
Bradford.street, Aston, Birmingham. leather dreseer, at eleven.
at she 1t...y..1 Hotel. Birmingham—June 12. IL Madduck,Rmemary-
lane and Darby-streer, timber merchant, at twelve, at the. Court
▪ Commissioners--June 11. S. P. Holland, Worcester, hop suer.
chadt. atone, at the Star and Garter Inn, Worcester—June 9. G.
Harris, North.burklings. Finsbury, bill broker, at two, at the'Court
at Cniumisainners—June 11. J. Thomas, Bur.km, Staffordshire.
grocer, at eleven, at tbe • Legs of Man Inn, Brirslem—June);. J.
Brooke, Aston, Birmingham, dealer, at two, at the Giulia Tavern,
Birmingham.

•
CERTI FICATES—Joua 9.
J. Beddow, Margaret's-buildings; Walva Sontersetshire;pastry
cook—D. Skelton, Stone buildings. Lincoln's Inn, money scrivener
—W. Slee and S. klayston Friday-street, wholesale linen drapers
—.W. Burn., CornbiU, woolen draper-?D. Eckenstein,
street, merchant.

DIPERIM, PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF UDS, MAY 19.
Lord CoLcuanna took the oaths and his seat.
MDIIIIIOI DIVORCIt BILL
After several witnesses bad been beard at the Bar, this Bill was,
on the motion of the LOU) CHAPICSLLOS. read a second time.

sanamix FROM THE.COMMONS.
Sir A. G WIT, Mr. &carom, Mr. Aidertnan Warr , Lord
SKIIICIUFOCK, Mr. ItirMOORT, Mr. C 11113021. Sir C. COL; LOrdJOHN
Mr. Paws and other Members, brought up the 'Mur-
derous Attempts (Scotland) Bill, the Chester. Constabulary Hill.
the St. Dunstan's New Church Dill, and other Private Balt, which
were severally read a first time.
The Silk Duties Bill was read a third time and passed.
Lord TEYN HA M moved for Copies of all. Grants of Land on
the hanks of the Swan River.
The Earl of HA DDINGTON gave notice that on Friday next
he should present a. Petition from the General *Aslembly of the
.Church of Scotland, praying that measures alight• be taken for the
preservation of certain Records, relating to that' Church, now in
tke possession of Zion College.
The Earl of CHICHESTEE presented a Petition froM the
Owners and Occupiers of Land of r Parish in Sussex, against die
inipoitation of Foreign Wool.
The Ll;e Annuities. Bill, and the Greenwich Out-Pensions Bill;
severady passed through Conimittees.
On the motion of the WHO CHANCELLOR, the House re-
solved into a Committee on the Hill for Facilitating the Admiiiis.
tratimauf Justice and other proceedings in the Cdurta of Equity.
The Earl of ELDON said that so far as he was concerned be
should reserve what he had to say until the third re.ding., •
Lord HOLLAND thafotithe third reading he should Move
the onti.aion of one clause.

-- • • I
The Bill was then read clause by clause, and the House hoists
resumed, the Report was ordered to be received to.morrow.
The LORD CHANCELLOR gave notice that if the Report
should be received to-morrow, he should move that the third read-.
gag be fixed for Thursday.
The Earl of ABERDEEN laid upon the table an Account or
the number of the Slave Population in his Majesty's Colonies.
The Private Bills befOre the House were forwarded in their
respective stages.—Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS. • •
(Notwithstanding the statement in several of the Newspapers
that the House was to meet at Three o'clock, the SPRAIKIL did not
take the Chair till the usual hour).
The SOLICITOR GENERAL moved the Order of the Day
fer, Mr. O'Connell to attend the House. The Order being read,
Mr. O'Connell was ordered to be called in.
Mr. S. RICE wished to know what the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman meant by saying, last night, that ulterior measures
should be resorted to in the event of Mr. O'Connell's refusing to
take the oath of supremacy.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL had no huitation *saying,
that in the event of his refusal to take the uftessary oaths, Its Would
move that Mr. Speaker de issue his warrant to the Clerk of the
Crewe, to lane a new writ foe the county of Clare,* the place of
Mr. °Tensed, who had Wined to take the necessary bath%
Mr. S. RICE said, if that awns should be pursued. -be would
move as an amendment, that leave be given to bring in 'a Bill, jo
the present liesekm, respecting the administration hf, oaths to C.e-.
theft Umbers, with a view to render Mr. O'Connell eligible, in
this Semites to sit sod este la Parliament. •
• upon this eetelauled,
ar. SPEAKER -pet hot it were the plesseea of the [haw
that Mr. O'Ciaaell be called lia.-'[his medal was agreed toe, and
.
Mr. &alma siteesitel et the Dar.) •

' Mr. SPEAKER them sold be was directed to communicate two
Resolutions of the /Muse; the fust of which was, that he (Mr.
O'Connell) being elected before the passing of the Relief Bill, he
could not take his seat without tkknig the. oath of Supremacy;
and the seeomd, that the House required him to ask Mr. O'Connell
if be would take the said oath.

Mr. (M.ottunt —I wish to see that oath.
The Clerk banded the oath to Mr. (Montle%
Mr. 011unuar.t. (after a short pause) said, f see in this oath, one
amnion as to a matter of fact which I know is not true, and see in
it another assertion as to a matter of opinion which I believe is not
true: 1 therefore refuse to take this oath.
The SPICA K Elt—:You may withdraw.
Dlr. (Moment. withdrew.

The SULICITOiisoiNfiRA L said that in permitter. of see
mai precedents, he would now move that a new writ Ise issued
'for a Knight of the Shire for the County of Clare, in the place of
Mr. O'Connell, who had refused to take the oaths prescribed fur
Members et Parliament before taking their seat.
Mr. C. W. W.YNisl said that by the Irish Disfruchisement
Bill, no writ could issue till after the termination of the Session ;
and be therefore put it to the Haase whether. under express
of that Act, which required a notice of tufty days after this
'on before any new writ could be moved, it would be wise at
• e to issue a warraat to the Clerk of the Cruwa to issue a new
'writ?
iir. Secretary PEAL said tint the more regidar course would •
• for Mr. Speaker to Ouse his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown
to make untie writ, rather than issue the writ in the first instance.
The Clerk of the Cnowp Maud alley the warrant, and, act accord"-
• gto the law. The Clerk of the Crown, upon receiving the war-
rant, could only act, u he had just said, assuming to law ; and if
there were say inconsistency or incormality in the proce• diugs- of
the House ulion this occasion, it could be remedied by Mr. Speaker
not issuing his warrant until rich a time as the'Clerk oftld drown
would be legaUy entities% tq act,upoo it. By .the Act of oVon the
House could sunimally proceed; by the recent Relict 11111 that
Act Was cootroulied, and it was for the House to say whether Mr
Speaker should immediately be requested to issue his warrant. or
whether it should be postponed until Ji could have a mare direct
legal effect. • • .
Mr. C. W. W YNN—Oue or other of two courses may be pur-
sued iii this extraordinary cue; the one is to give due &mice iu the
larbba Gazette of the vacancy occa.louesi by Mr. O'Connell's re.
lulus to take the necessary wills previous to his sitting and voting
House--and the.other fur Mr. Speaker to issue his warrant
when the time specified by law shall arrive.
' Mr. potty MAN said, that so great a difference of opinion
existed upon this subject, in consequence of no notice of the pre-
sent motion havinglseen given, coupled with the notice of the Ho:
nourable blembrt for Limerick (Mr. S. Rice), that he thought
some further delay, say till to morrow or actactay, would be deers.
sary to prepare the minds of Hun. Members lur the discussion,
which was su likely to ensue.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL—if this were a new case, and
if no precedents 'listed to justify the course of proceeding which I.
have thought it my duty to adopt, I should most readily yield to
the suggestion of the Honourable Member. Rut when I look at
the Journals of this House, and find that in every case of a refusal
to take the prescribed oaths a new writ was ordered to be moved
for at the moment of such refusal, I can have no doubt as us the•
propriety of the course which I have adopted upon this occasion.
Sir J. -MACINTOSH denied that the precedents cited bad any
application to the present case ; for in all the former cases the new
writ could be immediately tuned, but that was hot *so now. 'An'
hypothetical order issued now could have no immediate effect, and
therefore be asked why should It be issued ?

Mr. Secretary PEE.I.,--11e reason why the Hanle should now
proceed was, that notice of refusal to take the oaths.had been given,
and on that being notified to this House, they were necessarily
called upon to take SOON proceeding. R WAll.lll6rithil the writ
or warrant, it immediately issued, could have. no effect;, but if in
the event Ma very possible case, such as the prorivition of
meat, and no writ or *arrant issued, the county sat Clare would.'
be unrepresented ; and therefore, in conformity with all theyra et-
dem*, either Mr. Speaker ibould Issue his warrant to the Clerk sat
the Crown to issue a writ, fur a new Ciattiult, tit the l'arliament
should make its ow a order. •

- -1
I Mr. HUSK ISSeiN—The• preient is not in the ordinary east of
cases; immediate obedience eould um be legally paid to the speaker's
watraat ; aws-1 submit whether the liOuge would nut act umrel
wisely'in acceding to a delay in forty eight hours. than to precipi-
tate the discussion of so very important a questime-(Ci Ws of Move)
Mr. PORTAL% N moved as an amendment, that the further
discussion of the question be adjunined to Thurs./Ay next.
On darquest ..... being put,
• .Mr. IiIIOUGi AAI said that so short a delay could in no
delver piejuslic'e tlae question. What was said as to the precedents
in the cases of Alwoun and Faushawe, and Archdale, was quite,
correct; but in the two former caws a resolution was passed to.
release the 4 ttutii attendance in the• House; and the latter 'levee
appeared ..t all.. 'lurk precedents he admitted to show tbr as:er••
don .at their rights; but however cuticuirent anJ•ltmgrstatitinted,
they proirsd nothing' as to the expediency of, their being ,qoshhed.
if no. set whist. The grounds of reclusion futinerly weie tiro re,
pomp* against the Putty for refuting to tike'the Oaths, tint an favour
et the pro Oles throuxhitheir lieprestn:ativekin this llohie. It was
adinitted•upou all-hands, that the warrant if issued could have no
legal operation till a remote pea and, and theretwe there could be
nu necessity for precipitating its issue.
Mr. Secretary-PEEL—.-I hope' I lave manifested every dispilsir
don to treat this as a mere judicial question ; the. IlOiese was aril)
sitting in the capacity of Judg:s. the precedents are clear' is to the
euuree we have pursued, and no altetuative sees left us bot afonie
to nicer either tuar a new writ or a warrant for tie issue of P siew•
writ shoultitake place. Arthe 11/onetime. I have NJ hesitation ih
stating, that if doubt exist upon the Sohjitei,' and • Mot. Alemlieis
witbrur time to consider, it, I can has/04m opjection to grab: that
indulgence to uthi 0, which in another stage relating to this matter
teas granted tu its the Jamie), on this subject seem, coke
so general; I have nu hesitation in acquiescing to its aabournment.
till Thursday next.. The House has already vindicated its privi.
leges, and 1 sera ask for nothing more.
Mr. F. LEWIS wished that the Hon.. and Learned &Heidi(
General would alter the form of his motion, as b:ing in its present
shape extremely sii:ctionable. '
• The SOLI Ci lt GENERAL said, that the doubts thiOwn
out as to the nannediate issue of a new writ•or only a -warrant hid
sot escaped his attention, and if Hon. Members wished to alter
the tour of his nu:ice, under the particular circumstances of the
case, bewould taut object to it.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said, that in the former cases there
was no alternative but to issue the new writs,-bust In this instance
the case was other wise.
Secretary PEEL—It Is agreed that we shall adjourn the
debate till Thursday, and Why proceed further now ?
• •••
Mr. BROUG HAM •perfectly 'agreed with the Right Honour-
able Gentleman ; . and be. Would only press it upon the Hon. Meas-
lier S.• Rice) to apply his mind calmly and deliberately to the
propriety of tonowing up the notice which he had this night given
on the subject. • •
Ma S. RICE said, he would leel gratified in attending to any
suggestion Audi by his Hon. and Learned Friend.
General GAICOYNE said, he did not rise 'to prolong this
discussion ; but on Thursday night he would move for an alters-.
tion•of the Religf Sill;' ash well as the amendment of that fur the.
'Disfranchisement otthe Irish Forty.Shilling'Freehoiders.
•• • The Amendment was then put and agreediri, ana the further%
cession adjourned to.Thursclay neat. '•••• •• • ••• - •
Mr. DENISON /resented a Petition front .Mr. Win. Cobbett.
praying that taxation might be reduced to such a state as it existed
before the general issue Of:a Piper curreney.—Orst. to be piloted.
Sir J. MACINTOSH postponed his motion relative to our Fo-
reign Relations until Thursday week next.
Lord J. RUSSELL•presented a Petition from certain inha-
bitants of Kent, in favour of the Bill for preventing persons holding
office* in &dig troth having seats in Parliament: •
•Me. FERG USON said keasw no reasba'why Officers serving in
the East India Company, and unable to attend their places in Pat-
figment, should not vacate their seats as well as certain persons ob.°
tenting officei in this country.
air. B kIiING said be brought in this Bin, not to curtail the
Crown of its prerogative, or this Houk or ady individual of due.
Friudeiles, but because he felt it would be utterly incompatible for
Gentlemen filling offices in India to represent their constituents In
Great Britain in this House. '
After • a fear observations frOm Mr. BRIGHT and Lord JO/111
ifussiiv, the Petition Was ordered to be printed. . •
31r: Seeretary PEEL•presented.Petitions from Friendly Socie-
ties lit Stehtkand agaihst the Frietally Boideties &IL—Ordered to lie.
un't he table: • •
Mr. pgt L then presented; by •eoaamand of his Majesty, Pipets
tiNUie to tpe Slave Trade.l--Ordered tir be rioted; '• ' •
M A RSH promoted a Petition: froM thelhiners apd
.o,fcapiers of Laadolgaipstibe,Liboarers/ Wagm.BUL
Sit. S. BOU presented a Petition ftom AibbOwne,DevOa-

4

;

Ats/xj
/ z

PRICA SEVINgENCE.

4ire, praying for the repeal of the Duty on Coals carried coastways,
rapt easing the hope that the time was not far distant when suck re-
pcil would take place.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITMORE presented a Petition from the Anti-bread
Tax Association at Kidderminster fora revision ofthe Cern Laws.
Mr. SYKES presented a Petition froni Hull, (or the equalise.
tion of the Seger Duties.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD remarked that the shipping Interests
had not been neglected; and that as to the more Immediate object
of the petluon, as there was to be full inquiry next Session oo the
East India trade, be thought k would be unfair to precipitate that
question, whether as regarded the duties or otherwise.
Mr. SYKES said there was sonic satisfaction in knowing th..t
nettling was to be done till nett Session.
Mr. P. THU ntiON said that the reduction of the duty on
hemp would be a great relief to the shipping.
Petition ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME presented Petitions from places in Gloucester, and
animus of Nottingham, `against the Corn Laws; they considered
such laws to be the cause of an their distresses.—Ordered to be
printed.

11111111111 A 1.110111. .•
Ir. S. WORTLEY moved for various papers relative to our
settlement at Sena Leone. Ile noticed the origin sof the set-
tktnent mote than forty years ago, and said he feared, promis-
iug u were the cireumstacees which led to• the settlement,
'bat nothing had yet occurred to jollity the expenditure of
motley and bureau hie that it had cost this • country. Nor
had any positive advantage to the country resulted that could
directly or indir,ctly mitigate the cast and anxiety to which
Rogfaird 'had -been put. He ought to &dealt, that Owing to the
labours ssf the joint commission the slave trade- had beme-etme •
pressed a. far as England was concerned, het htn.as atn.kl that
(abet countries pill very extensively engaged ix .inch tragic. The
unbutications relsecting-seized vessel, had frequently been Of a very
levostious character, and sometimes of an unsatisfactory result. He
thought the time bad arrived when the most serious inquiries ought
to he made, wbetber ft was advisable to eontisitli this settlement;
And, it it ought, bow they coold hest make the plans efficient to
improve the negro population. and to ascertain the character and
probable advantage to be derived from tip labour ortise population
of the coasts anti interior of Atrial. He iboufd move for various
papers, us throw light on this subject; windy, abstracts of the
expenditure since 1812—correspondence since the settlement—the
number of troops, and deaths since 1810—the projectesi removals
of colonies, &c. and, in an ensuing Session, having obtained the
papers, he should determine whether lie should propose further
proceedings. • • •
Mr. W. SMITH was glad these papers were nioied for; they
would tend to clear up many misrepresentations. •
Sir GEORGICMURRAY said. he should not oppose the mo-
tion; but he thought the time had arrived for the amplest inquiry
on this subject. The ,object of the settlement had been Most I out-
able—to ascertain whether free labour could be introduced instead
of slavery? and whether eivitizatim might nut be introduced Into
the vast Continent of Africa ? Fitsin some cause, such excellent
objects had as yet failed to be realized; whether from natural causes
or from defecuve plant; he wunkl•not now day ; bin he repeated,
the subjeci was one well worthy of the must anziouinvestigations.
—Motion put, papers ordered.

. MAN Limn. . • • .. ..
Mt—HUME said, that in bringing forward the mo-
.tioh of which he had given notice fora Committee ill
the Corn. Lawsrhe might•be allowed.to say that no one
was more-impressed witty• the importance of the subject,
and that be greatly regietted it. hod not fallen into the
hand! of someone with more influence theist he
He was aware that what tell frorn.him would not
carry with it the same influence as if it came from
;niter quartets ;and, it the subject did not Meet the at•
tention it deserved on this •occasios, .14 Isiah- sure it
would,* owing to the impeitect mat.net in' which he
.expressed the views he entertained on .the ttuespoil, fist
he,did not hesitate to. sarrtbat'ttiere was no subject at
present before the cuunity of II r mach importance at
the coin laws, and nom... hich so -deeply *fleeted is
rri.al interests.- He might as well state at the outset that '
the course be advocated was the brining' the count' y
1 ' to a tree.trade in corn; hut, as floe change to a system
of fr.e trade in core was so impatient.. he admitted
that it could only be effected bra gradual system. Tio
present system he consideted •boiloptievois and mis-
chievous. It might be said with iripea•M the mono.
p list as.well•as the 'consumer that the: present System
,had. loot. answered the end for which it-was intended. A
g• eat .edistake • was.niade bylliesse . who, taitaintri the
present system, or by tins-(.Mre-Heine) and those who
thought with. him. • ;Sams Honoarattle'Mattiber had
requested him to 'postpone bit-Mutton on ittis•sirbject to
tae nett .Session r• but his atOwer.ilad been;titlit t'rie
could .not be a more appropriate time Map tnetpretent,
and .his only regret was that his Meje.ty'stiuveinment
did not appear to be prepared to go at .Once Into an
,immediate inquiry. •In his opinion the plesent system
of corn laws . had entailed most sesinus etas on the
.coutitra, and evils which had been inclea.ing for many
rears, restraining the :poser and csamping -the ener-
gies of the country, by kerping• up the pile.. rf that
article which syas the -rood of the people.• 'lf it was
possible that the inquiry which• he proposed would
gtve••those who wanted, food a sufficiency 'wiilirnit
,injuring the produce's, then. fie c,incenad, tit, re
,could not be ,a more appropriate periiid tor' enter-
ing into such an -inquiry. It • may be that his .: a-
j •sty's Ministers would be•giaa At get rid of the Parlia-
ment; but the Session did not usually close until two
months from the present time, and therefore there seas
. 40 justice in the-reasoning founded on the pretumptiou
that there, was not time for the inquiry dill Session.
Very little time would, be twee:sal), for the Legi•lature
to at.quireall theinformation that wits necestatt oc vie
subject, tot years had already been spent: in fidgeting
niformatiOn, and all that was requhite wits to bring up
tin; inquiry from the year IEI2I, and to 'see whether
what had happened subsequently. supported tlieviews
nf 'those by whom i the law* then passed wete framed.
It those laws wets found not to have answered their
..
purpose very little time mould• be necessary to. enable
Horton-rape Menthe's to make up their minds is to the
necessity of a change of system.. It wit dill eUll to give
a. cleat expositioU'of one's views'on such•a subject a ith-
out beinetrio lengthy; but he would endeavour to corn-
Ittess as.enuctt as possible. Iti would be recollected that
some days ago, when a discussion 'area* do a subject
intimately connected' with that, of the Corn Laws,
namely, the subject, of free trader4wirs-adniitted that
this country will now' in' a most• novel situation. It
appeared there was a -large portion elf 'the labouring
population unemployed, sad that there was also capital
to excess which Might be •tised' in. the employment of
Irbour. Thecapital, however, was uteleis, and the la-
bour unproductive. Such important sisqlts deManded
an immediate inquiry. The ablest pornicateconomists
laid it down that Capital wasliecessara tOset labour at
work, and he • undertbiak to say that there were few, if
any, instances ofia•people situated as dr people of this
country now were, with abundance: of capital, and an
unemployed population, able and willing to protinee all
that. was necessary for. the convenience •or luxury of
man. Thus was the population 'ready and' willing to
work, and. the capital 'ready to set that population to
work ; but yet the population, if nor itia state orstar-
ration, was in a state of reit piivirtion. it was•must
important to get a solution of thieettirti. Fur his own
pan he thought he had made up the '', hain, and could
