TAX ON STEAM ♦WILL

Sir C. DOUGLAS presented petitions from owners of steam vessel■,
Itc. on the Firth of Forth, and on the Firth of Clyde, spinet the pre.
posed tax on steam vessels. The invention, or rather application, of
such power to steam vessels was in its infancy ; upwards of 400.000.
had been expended in reside on those rime, and be therefore thought
that it would be admitted, that these interests were too important to be
trifled with. Steam vessels ought to be encouraged, and not have obsta-
cles thrown in the way of their interests.
Sir M. S. STEWA RT trusted the tax would not be pleased.
Mr. HUAI E reminded the Chancellor of the Rxchtquer that he had
a petition from Glasgow. signtd by 10.000 persona, and one front
'Greenock, signed by all the mercantile interests in that place, also
against this tax. On one river there were sixty-two steam-vessels
sailing daily. The steam navigation ought to be encouraged. All
the western parts of Scotland were in the greatest agitation en shift
subject, and he therefore trusted that the Noble Lord would at ones
allay feelings on the subject, and abandon the proposed attain.vosel
tax.
Mr. WARBURTON spoke to the like diet. The tax would be
most unjust and impolitic.
Air. O'CONNELL opposed the tax : it would fall heavily on the
Irish poor.
Mr. WILKS also condemned the tax; as did Mr. H. S. WOIITLICT
and Mr. Huosass Booms&
Petition ordered to be printed.
CIVIL LIST.

Lord A LTH ORP brought tbeeitil List Bill, his Lordship at a.
same time stating, that his Majesty approved the provisions of the bill,
and consequently surrendered his hereditary revenues.—/trad a Int
time, and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition front Youghall, in Ireland.
in favour of the Parliamentary measure cf Nefonn ; also for referent of
the borough, they bring entitled to a Recot der, though they had never
had but one, and that "literally an old woman"—.(Muth langbtre.)
He also presented several peiitions front Sligo, and several other places,
against the rant to the Kildare...street Society.
Mr. OTOS N EI.L also presented a number of petitions from towns
in Ireland, in favour of the reform bilL The honourable member pee.
seated one petideolfrom Woo Bury, in Devon, spinal the title system
He neat presented one from the emeperative amen. and another hunt
several inhabitants of Londonderry, against all tales upon knowledge.
Mr. Alderman THOM PSON presented • peados fur a mime com-
mittee to be appointed, from a Mr. Hutchinrao, to/Inquire ' the cir.
ennistanees of • loan which • person named Huiebinson bad Nude
during his residence in the East Indira, and which be had sever beer
able to recover. He prayed to be heard by counsel.
Sir C. FORBES supported the prayer of the petition, and described
it as a most oppressive case.
Sir T. BAKING said he bad no objection that a committee should
be appointed.
Mr. Alderman THOII psoN regretted that the Chairniaa of the
East India Company had not beenpresent; bs was aware that the rd.
lion was to have been presented, and on am ant of his abreact the Ma.
Alderman said he had refrained from saying so much as he would have
done on the oppressive character of the aim.
Sir C. FORBES, in the coarse of a few mom remarks, stated, that
It was impossible that the East India Company could govern India
wall, as long as they united the characters of Dowding and merchants.
Mr. Mimosa THOMPSON presented a petition from tits Ward
of Culrmamasreet in favour of reform; mother from a congregation
arinst slavery.
4. OTT persisted a petition (rem Roxburgh pelvis. for 'no.
Lin&
R. GRANT presented a petition from Os city of Narviish
spinet slavery
Mr. WILKES pressoted a petitimt from Giolutiollon against be
tithe symen, and from a Hebei of other places against meg» slavery.
Ste JOHN WROTTRISILKY td • midden from ikalisrd.
shire is favour of the Hokum
Sir JOHN NEWPORT ponmatell a petitiao *a she City of
Waterford in Mawr 41'

I

'1
