NAPAL INTELLIGENCE,
Monday
se'nnight, five MMus sad I'didahlpmen passed their
examinations for Lieutenants, at the Royal College, Pertsmooth.
Copy of a Circular from the Honourable Commissioners of
the Navy co his Illajecty's Consuls, relative to Masters of Ves-
sels leaving their crews abroad : •
• " Navy Office.
" Sta—ln reference to our circular letter of the IGth of March,
1820, stating that John Way, Master of the New Minerva, of
Liverpool, upon the complaint of his Majesty's Consul at Per-
nambuco, had been tried and convicted in the Court of King's
Bench, on the 23d of February preceding, for forcing one of his
crew, a British subject, on shore, and leaving hint at that place,
for which he had been sentenced to three months' imprisonment'
under the Act of the 11th and 12th of William 111. we have now
to acquaint you, that John Ferrier, Master of the Endeavour, of
Arbroath, was, on the 26th of February list, upon a representa-
tion from his Majesty's Consul at Genoa, tried and convicted
before the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, of
wilfully leaving behind two of his crew, whom be took out with
him, they being in a condition to return; and, in default .of baiP
was committed to the custody of the Marshal of the King's
Bench Prison, until the lath ult, when be was brought up for
judgment, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, pur-
suant to the Statute; and we have to desire you will make this
-econd conviction and sentence publicly known in your Consu-
late, in order that other Masters of British vessels may be de-
terred front the commission of like offences.
" We 'are, Sir, your humble servants.'
The SHIP CA mormie, Dusi.or.— A note having been posted at
Lloyd's a few days ago, representiagthe crew of the above ship
to have been sickly, it is necessary to state that she sailed front
Malta to Sierra Leone, with a crew collected at that Island ;
that on the passage great part of them were taken ill and died,
and the remainder soon after her arrival, arising, it would ap-
pear, from contagion on board, but not from the effect of the
climate at Sierra Leone, which might have been implied. On the
contrary, by the last accounts from thence (16th Aprir„ the CO.
Cony and shipping were healthy, and had been so for some time.

The Swedish brig Seglaren, of Stockholm, from St. Brim:
for Lisbon, which had put into Plymouth in distress, has been
condemned and sold there.

The ricton, from T.eghorn to England, was run foul of
and sunk in the Mediterranean, on the 12th ult. by the Consti-
tution ‘lmaicait frigate; the Master drowned.

l'on-rsnouvr, MAY 19.—Wind S.—Arrived the Greenock,
RICHMOND, from the Downs; and Orlando, COVERDAIL, from
ditto, for the Cape and Van Ditman's Land: Salted his Ma-
jesty's ship PARTI:IAN, for Plymouth ; William, Seams, for
Quebec , and Norfolk, Aunessov, for Miramichi.
DEAL, MAY 19.—Wind E.—Arrived last night the Dutch
brig of war Courier, LUCAS, from Flushing, and sailed this
morning-for Gibraltar. Came down from the River and sailed,
the Ann, CORDENOR, for Pernambuco; Jane, Wrws, for St.
Lucia ; and Astrea, llsowsr, for New Orleans.

Laxesserit, Mar 17 —On the evening of the 9th instant, the
Uekna, from Malaga to Bremen, in making Pile harbour (the
Master not knowing where he was), struck about three miles to
the south of Fowls Island, and was deserted tw the crew, sup-
posing that the vessel was going to pieces, but by the exertions
of the officers belonging to the Customs boat at Pile Fowdry,
and two other boats, she was towed into that harbour the fol-
lowing day, with loss of rudder.

The Legislature of Illinois has determined on call-
ing a. Convention for amending the Constitution of
that State, so as to repeal the prohibition of slavery.
Friday, the Britannia, Captain WEEKS, arrived
from Havre at Southampton, with numerous passen-
gers, who report that the sick in the French hospitals
before St. Sebastian, are very numerous. The arrivals
from France exceed the departures for that country
more than two to one.

The sovereignty of Spain appears to be the subject
of complicated litigation. There are nearly as many
pretenders to it as sometimes started for the Roman
Empire. A new claim has been set up at Paris by
two members of the Ex-Regency of Urgel—the Mar-
quis of MATA-FLORIDA and Archbishop of TA4tRA-
GONA. They may talk of cabals and intrigues 'for
power under the regime of the Cortes and the Con-
stitutional King, but it would appear that the apos-
tles of pure Monarchy and the Holy Tribunal of the
Faith, are not backward in the use of the same arts.
The two Ex-Regents of Urgel have put forth their
griefs in, a dean-official exposé, which has appeared
in one of the Paris Papers. The Regency, it appears,
went on smoothly, and with all possible prosperity,
until MINA, aided and abetted by the powers of
darkness, dispersed the men of the Faith, and made
the Regency scamper from Urgel to Toulouse. All
might, however, still have been well. The King of
FRANCE promised them one hundred thousand men
to escort them back. But General EGUIA, hitherto
represented the chief prop of the Regency and
the cause, turns out to be an old intriguer, and
excites the Chiefs of the Faith against these Mem-
bers of the Sovereignty, as they describe themselves.
Then followed criminations and recriminations—in
which the Chiefs attribute to the Regency, some very
scandalous practices and indulgencies. All, however,
might even yet be well. The French Ministry still
protected " the Sovereignty." But soon came" the
unkindest cut of all." Baron d'Eaor.t.as, the Cham-
pion of the Faith, came to Paris, whispered something
in the ear of the Councl—the consequence was, that
the " serene" and " heroic" " Regency". was turned
adrift, and a new " Sovereignty of Spain and the
Indies," set up by the Duke ot ANGOULEME, the prin.
cipal Members of which are the renegades EOUIA
and Ettou.v.s. It is curious that the main charge
which each brings against the other is luxurious pro-1
digality and embezzlement of the common funds.—
The complainants say that the men of the Faith in
'Spain are filled with indignation and dismay at the
treatment they have received, and it would seem that
division reigns in the camp of the Faith. The Ex-So-
vereigns appeal, through the French journals, to their
Spanish adherents, whom they expect to withhold
their allegiance from Eouta and EROLLES. It is
stated that the insurgent General O'Dommt. is in
their interest. The Spanish Sovereignty, howeverLis
not yet quite in abeyance, and we should think these
pretenders to it would do well to wait the result of
events which seem rapidly approaching It.cannot
be many days • before the spirit and resources of the
Ccnstitutional Government will be brought to the test.
ELEGANT GLASSES, FURNITURE, &c.—The No-
I bility and Gentry are invited to inspect the Ware-
rooms of COOPER and Sox, 93, Bishopsgate-Within,
where is exhibited an assortment of new and second-
hand Plate Glasses, admirably suited to every descrip-
tion of drawing or dining-rooms. The prices are just
reduced 40 per cent. on Plates measuring 100 inches
by 7'2, and upwards ; and on those of smaller dimen-
sions the alteration will be found equally important.
The extensive preference given to this Establishment
is thankfully acknowledged by the Proprietors, van),
in their endeavours to evince their gratitude, by ma-
nufacturing articles in a superior manner, at prices
suitable to the times, hope to merit a continuance of
public support. IA the furniture department is com-
prised every new and elegant article of Upholstery,
Cabinet, and Chair-work, regulated upon. such a
scale of economy as to demand and ensure the pa-
tronage of rank and fashion.
