DEAL, JULY 9.

Arrived the Russian ship of war Orel, and 1111
Majesty's ship Coaswas.t., from off noshing. Gan
down from the !fiver, his Majesty's ship Buenos!

and the Charlone, SUJPSON, for Malta, and temai:

It will be seen by the deb ►te Ist night, in
House o Lords, that the statement in the Mon

i
respecting a scheme of the Allies to issue p.tp
money, is an absolute falsehood. Wa e believe, •
understand, that the simple fact of this subje
among the Allies is, that bur Government has wise]
told Russia that we will not furnish her with spec;
but that the Allies must receive British goods nil
their territories, and out of t!,e sales of such goo
the British Government will provide money, and pi
the merchants by Bills payable in London. Tl{
for a considerable time has been the way in wh:c
money has been raised within the Mediterranean 4
the payment of the Sicilian subsidy and the fowl
in that quarter, and is preferable- to any.metl?
ever before employed, notwithstanding the occasion
loss on the exchange ; because it not only enables 4
Government to fulfil its engagements, but lessens
the merchants the risk of deb's in t!.ose countries, ad
facilitates the consumption of our manufactures. I
We have been informed, from what we reek;
good authority, that the Russian Ministers have a'
jected to this commercial mode of furnishing they
with pecuniary assistance, and aff:ct to decline w}l,
they wane, unless it be given in gold and silver;.,
This, if true, only shews their ignorance of politico
economy, and how much they stand in need of beip
domiciliated Awhile in civilized Europe. it

The Pntnce ItvoesT gave interviews yesterJay
several of the Cabinet Ministers.

Her MILIESTY took an airing to the Princess Ei
zavc-rn's Cottage, at Old Windsor, on Thu: sdey.

The Princesce: At-otP.TA and Sown.% took th
usual ride on horseback.

His Royal Highness the PRINCE REGENr is sail
have written to the Marquis of WELLINGT,)N, al
after expressing himself in terms of the liThest gr
titude to his Lordship for his great ach;eveo:ents,
have added, that, in return JOUHRAN'S Baton i
Mareschal, his Royal Highness thought he could ti
do better than send him a baton of a British Ftel
Marshal.

Tuesday a personage of dkt;-ctinn landed at Lc wi
to% from the Continent, and nnmeliately set off 1
London.

William Cornwell, charged with the wilful muri
of Martha Stevew, t Woodford, in Essex, has 1..
removed from Newpte to Chelmsford, there to t
his trial at the ensuing Assizes.

COURT LiF GO Al WON • Cul I NCI L.

Yesterday a Court cf Common Council was held
tit Guildhall, which w Is vr:!rs fully attended.

MACK AULTIt)NS.

Mr. W -ITHMAN SitA, that the Bill which had been
thrown ono of earliament for the regulation of Ant.
teens, w tail, in a greet degree, have hviated the
very set ions . v:ls lirising to the public from fraudu-
lent and mock auctions. Another Bill for the pre-
vention of mock auctions had been brought into the
House : f C-mmons by, Mr. Lockhart, but most of
the sabot', v provisions contained in the last Bill had
been totally ~rnitted in this. riir it would only go to
prevent i aierant aucti,neers Ir m defrauding the
public ; bin would not relieve the Citizens of London
from frauds practised by persons keeping regular auc-
tion-rooms in this city, and selling iheir own goods by
Auction, under various false pretences. He was '
aware that the auctioneers were a very powerful body
to contend with. There ought be prints tinder the
influence of Ministers, but the influence of auc-
tioneers was far greater. Yet he li-ped that by pe.
titioning Parliament they might still be able to ob-
tain :he object which was. so desirable to the public.
The Report of the Committee of General Purposes,
recommending a petition to Parliament for this pur-
pose was then read.
Mr Alderman HEYGATII contended, that every
person had a right to follow the profession of an auc-
tioneer that conformed himself to- the usual regula.
tions. He considered this as an improper interference
with the business of the Legislature.
Mr WAITIIMAN said, the evil was of a very great-
!extent ; it prevailed throughout the country ; and, if
nor sopped in-its progress, would eventually destcoy
trade altogether. He stated that two brothers, call-
ing themselves ~ Captains," wearing iinit-rms, and
looking in all respects like Captains, had been in the
habit of having sales all through the country. A
respectable auc.ioneer • oid for them, at the Auction
Mart, linens washed, for foreign linens, the genuine
property of Hambuigh merchants. He ( Mr. Wai th-
roan ) attended a sale at the New York Coffee-house of
I exactly the same kind of linens ; and there the auc-
tioneer was brought to confess them to be Irish linens; 1
. and one of these Captains contested himself to be the
ov ner of them. Loads of this description had been
actually sold for foreign, having the Irish mark-upon
them. At Bath the regular booksellers had been
'rui,ied by these franaulent auctions. He hoped tl:at
the Bill would be so iramed as to do a way with these
frauds entirely.
Mr. Alderman HEYGATE replied. He hoped that
/some temedy would be sound h.!' such frauds without
Anjureng the regular and fair auctioneer.
I Mr. S. Duos: said, there could be no doubt as to
ithe existence of such frauds ; hut be thought it was a
i matter which required great deliberation to find some
adequate rantedy for them.
The Repowvas then agreed to ; as was the draft of
a l'etiti it to the House of Commons on this subject.
Mr. Altieralatt Azzlss said, that he believed the
Bill now beiore Parliamtlit would obviate all the evils
1
eomplailtect of.
Mr. WAITIIMAN. said, that if the Bill passed in its
,present shape, it would n t he worth one far thing to
le City of London. The evil began at the Auctioa
art abed. This 1w had proved ; and if there were
of a duty put on goods bought in, there could be no
nefit afforded by the Bill to the fair trader.
Sir 1. SIIAW said, the worthy Member was in a

mistake as to the clauses in the Bill.
l Mr. Alderman ATKINS said, that it seemed to be
the wish ut the uorthy Member that there sht.uld be
sanctions in the City of London. He surely would
t ask the City Members to desire the House of

'..ommons to prevent persons from disposing of their
iroperty in any way that they might think most ad-
,antageous to them.

BATTLE OF VITTOUIA.

Mr. BELL said, that in submitting a motion for an
ddress to the Regent, to congratulate him on the
krious victory of Vittoria, it would not be necessary
r him to occupy much time. The Court and the
or
ountry had, on .4 former occasion, identified them.
Ives with the interests of Spain, and declared, in an
ddress to his Majesty, that they would concur in
iescuing the brave SLaniaids from the galling yoke
rf French despotism. To arrive at that glorious re.
tilt much difficulty had been encountered ; but at
ast the Spanish troops had been br ought to stand firm
by our own troops, in defence of their country. Be
then moved an Address, congratulating the Regent on
e glorious Vict. iy gained by the Allies at Vittoria.
Mr. Davis said, this glorious event spoke so !eel-
' gly to all of them, that he should find it unnessary
o enlarge on the valour and intrepidity displayed on
lirat memorable occasion ; he should therefore content
rimseif with seconding the Address, and expressing
is conviLtion that it would be carried unanimously.
Mr Deputy Box said, it could not now be conwn-
led, that the Government was inadequate to the car.
ing on the business of this country.
ILoud cries of " Question :"
;) Mr. Alderman HEYGATE said, that, feeling all that
;onduced to the honour and interests or his country,
)e could not give a silent vote on this great occasion.
'here never was a victory gained on a more impor-
ant occasion, nor by a greater combination of valour
nd skill. The thanks of a grateful country must be
leasing to, itself, and highly honourable to the brave
en who had deserved them. This victory was riot
.nly of the greatest advantage to the interests of this
ountry, but to the liberties of Europe in general.
e bad no doubt that it would conduce to a safe and
onoursble Peace.
Mr. BLVNDELL wished that the Thanks of the Court
ad (instead of the Address) been, voted to the gal-
ant Marquis. He would naive that a wish for Peace
cold be inserted in the Address, and moved an
mendment to that effect; for he always looked to
one happy results dram such great even•r, and ri
race was certainly much desired by ail.
Mr. QUIN said, he felt for the honour, power, and
eiources of Greit Britain, in sticking to the glorious
ause of liberating a great nation from slavery, for
ow nearly six years. His Majesty's Government de-
rved peat praise for never losing sight of this im-
.ortant and honourable cause, in wirier) they had dons
very thing for the ultimate success of it which lay In
I eir. power. The character of this country st, m.
ow still higher, for faithfully supporting her engage.
cuts. By land and by sea we hail now shown out.
1 Ives superior to every rower in Ear .pe ; for we tutu

~'

been able to conquer that great Military P•*et-tvbich
had successively beaten Austria, Prussia and Russia.
• It might be that Spain, grateful lot our assistance,
would grant us a Commercial Treaty, advantageous
tor both countries; and this victory must have a great
effect on the negociations about to be entered on in
the North. Our next Peace would not be like that
of 1802—a shallow, deceittul Peace, leaving the libel-.
ties of Europe still bleeding—b,tt one founded 'on the
true inter Las of the French people, as well as of our
own Allies. - •
Mr. Wamustax deprecated the introduction of
' any question which shiiuld produce any difference of
opinion on the present occasion ; but he- was per-
suaded the subject of P. ace might be introduced with.
out any such effect. He was one of those who con-
sidered, the tiris moment of despondence was not
the moment tor attempting to obtain Peace; but he
thought that the moment of success was. He then
entered into a review of the effects which were likely
to result from the late glorious victory. and contended
that, besides other effects resulting from it, it had,
in his opinion, opened the door to a firm and lasting
Peace. He would be fir from taking any step which
should appear like hurrying or pressing Ministers into
any premature step; and, if he considered the motion
of his worthy friend as having that tendency,lic should
oppose it; btit, as it appeared to him only calculated
that the great object of our pursuit WAS a just and
honourable Peace, and that we were not so iifted up
by success as to lose sight of thatdesirable object, the
Amendment elould have his. support.
Mr. S. Dlx is. was favourable to endeavours to ob-
tain Peace. He agreed with what had been said by
his worthy friend, that. the object of all Wars was
Peace; but he did not consider that that desirable
object would be forwarded by any s!eclaration which
that Court should make. The motion was complete
as it stood originally, and the adoption of the A mend •
merit proposed could have no other 'effect than to pro-
duce a disosion in the Court, on a question where
totaitilpity was so highly desirable.
Mr. JACIi:• S i;l1, k was impossible, consistent with
his feelings, that he should support the Amendment.
Mr. DAVIS wished the Amendment to be with-
drawn. He thought the Committee should retire. to
prepare the Address unlet end and. free; to clog
them with any such instruction would be to express a
want of confidence in the Commit-:ti.

• Mr. WAITIIMAN de4 hired he would rest S4tisfietit
if the worthy Mover (f the Address would only de-
clare his intention of introducing such a clam, in the
Committee.

Mr. BLUNDELL, in explanation, denied having any
intention to propose an Amendment : he had only
thrown cut a suggestion, and wished to have some-
thing like an assurance that such a subject would be
introduced into the Address. It he had that assur-
ance, he would withdraw his motion.
Nit-. BELL cculd not consent to give any pledge: the
Committee would propose the Address, and it would
be open to any Member to move an Amendment.
Mr. SAUNDERS was of opinion, that any clamour
now raised about Peace would only have the effect of
delaying that desirable object, and therefore he highly
deprecated any -Illusion whatever to the sufject in the
Address. The Curt had been called for an especial
purpose, and he trusted they would confine themselves
ithin the limits of that question.
The original motion was then agreed to, and a
Committee named to prepare the Address, who re-
tied for that purpose. _

On their rctutn, the Ad.iress was read and agreed
to, and nrdered to be pesented in the usual form.
Notict of a'rnotion was given, Thit the Thanks of
the Court be given to Field-Marshal the Marquis of
WELLING.ros, aad the brave Oiricers and Armies
under his command, at the next Court.

loutiue busines, WAS then disposed of, and
the Court adianned.

Tuesday se'nnight, in the evening, a fire broke out
in one of the houses of S ring Gar den Bleach field, in the
parish of Heybole, Ayrshire, which entirely consu-
med the house in which it broke one, and one adjoin-
ing it, with all the machinery and bleaching utensils,
besides injuring a considerab!o quantity of cloth.
Friday se'nnight, a barn, and a considerable qiem-
tity of oats, liese.:es several loeds of straw, &c. were
destroyed by fire, at Fez Hall, Suffolk, owing to
the carelessness of a 'Jerboa employed in Lining the
bttildiu~ s.
At Ipswich Races, en Wednesday, a me'ancholy
accident happened to a person of the name of Francis
Favicr, who, being intent on the race-horses which
were then tinning, suddenly turned his lelse towards
the course, and main ttinateiy came in contact w itb a
Gentleman' who was ridieg full speed ; both were in
consequence thrown, and ore of the horses felling
upon Favier, he was so severely bruised that he died
shortly After.
A singular circumstance took place on Friday
se'nnight, at the Barton ferr)-landing, Hull. A re-
cruit, draftee! for foreign service, refused to go, and
after being forced on board the barge, actually threw
himself into the water, swearing that he would not
leave his wife and family for an) body. Having snnm
to a considerable distance, he was taken, but no sooner
placed in the barge than he repea'ed his former act.
During this time the boat got under way, and left
him ; but he oace more, on being brought to land,
jumped into the water. He was re-takeu, and is now
is centinement at the guard-house.
Marteuottouota-senerr.--Numerous complaints
and informations have lately been made to the Police
relative to the number of 'frauds and felonies, which
have been committed upon the property of trades-
people by a gang who lurk about for the purpose of
intercepting goods. The plan is this :—One of the
gang purchases, and desires the property to be sent
to a given address, with a bill and receipt; another
meets the goods on their way, and if net Able by arti-
fice to get possession of them, a third person is after-
wards found, who, on corroborating the second man's
story, that the Geetleman is waiting, &c. generally
gets the property, and sends the servant back with
:another unit r. :ieveral silversmiths, jewellers, &c.
have been lately rebbed in this manlier. William
Keno was yesterday charged at this Oth. with A-
;Anti g in this way a siddic, of a servant of Mr. John-
,on, a sa,hiler. A person passing suspecting the pri-
.on,e, watched him home, and by this means he was
ecnred with the popery ia his possession. He was
:iemai.ded ter re-examination next 'Monday, to give
ithers who have been thus robbed an opportunity of
Indentify;g !Jim.

LAW 12471121GEWL

CONS'S-MAY COURTS DOCTOItS' COMMONS, Jecir

RAVIEs, FALSELY CALLED WATTS, V. WATTS.

This was a pmeecding at the inctince of Sara)
Davies, the reputed Of Mr. G. Watts, of Earl-
,treer, Blackfriars, against him, to annul a fact of
marriage that had taken place between them, on the
gr►►und of affinity, she being the sister of his former
wife. The relationship of the two ives was proved
by certititates of the marriage of their father and ow-.
titer, and their respective births, corroborated by evi-
dence of their being so considered by general repute.
Mr. Watts' marriage with his two wives was also
proved. by similar evidence ; and the case being ►hus
clearly established, and no opposition offered, Sir W.
Scorn pronounced the marriage null and void, under
the canon law.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, JULY 9.
Enw.t IMO O. OWEN.

Mr. Tormo said, this was an action bra tight by an
attorney, of Anglesea, in Wales, against another
Welshman, who lived also at a place, the name of
which he (Mr. T.) could not vesture to pronounce.
The action was but for the sum of 41. lt s. but the
IVelsh were a very hi7h-minded people, and therefore
the plaintiff chose to try his cause in London. The
subject of the demand was for attending to rmtke some
-abstracts of deeds which Cie defendant had placed in
the hands of a Mr. Gt Tn prove the case, a
clerk of Mr. Griffiths was called, who directly stated
that the plaintiff, when the business was done, ex.
pesf.ed htm elf sat:siied with a good dinner which he
Lad had at the defendan:'s ex.pence ; and that they
also sapped together the same night, under an impres-
sion that the account was balanced.

Lnrd ELLENBOROUGH ObSelVed, that the plaintiff
must he nonnoted—he had not only received a dinner
as a satisfaction, hut he had a supper de inerstesento !
Pldintii nunsuited.
WES MINSTER SESSIONS, JULY 9.

Jame: Hum/Aria, a constable, was indicted for
having, on Monday evening last, assaulted, cut, and
wounded J.seph !tare, a respectable young man, of
the City of London. The prosecutor stated, that he
was on Monday evening,passing near Somerset•house
to view the illuminations, and was met by the priso-
ner and other paroles, all of whom were brandishing
their swords; w hen one of the company remonstrated
tt ith thtm, on which the prisoner wounded the pro-
secuti.r sevt rely on his arm and shoulders. The facts
being clearly proved, the Jury found him guilty;
and lie Chao man sentenced him to be confinedcicsely
thee minah4 in To:hill-fields Brid.:well.

111,1RICATS.
!MUTT !FIELD MARKET, JULY 9.
Pert S'IONI' of sib. 10 slhIC TIIE OFFAL.

Beef 4s lad to Gs td 1 Vral r, ud to 7.4 01
Mutton 56 01 ro 01 1 Pkrk Sc 61 to 7$ Od
Lamb 6i 041 to Li ud.
Blasts, allow 710—Sheep and latobs, 6,100.
Calve 6, 130--Pigs, 240.
11/447.WCATE AND LEADENHALI. MARKET.
Bart,per acne, 41. ud to Sc ml. Veal Sc 04 to 414 sa
Mutton . 54 ad to ti. Od. Pork 7. 04 to Ss 04 •
Lamb 56. ed. to 66.
PRICES OF HAY AND STRAW.
ST. la Nt VS'S. Wall P.CIIA
Hay 31. Os. to 51. 04. Hay 41. a>. to 1. 16s
-draw 21. 2s, to 21. Sk ed. Clover 61. 134. to 71. 76
Straw 11. 18.. 0 21. sis
PRICE OF HOPS IN HF. BOROUGH M.A
Bag..
Kent 91 Os to 111 Os Kent 111 0; to 141 CO
Susses h 1 0, to 101 0. t.444.04rx to; 16. to 111 Us
Emma bl 96 to 11l 116 larullant 1%1 66 to 261 03
II
RAW HIIThS.

rest Heifers and Steers I Ordir.nry 2s. 4d. to 2s. Ed.
stoat) . 4d. to 34. (ed. Nisrket Calf 18s Ott each.
Magidhogs Bs. sd. to ;:s. Ott. I Erg. Horse 15s. Od. to los. Od.
!d.-I.:onts 18,1 to :18,1.

rpscr OF TALLOW.
St. James's Marhct Si 4-id "1:-wn I allow 921 6.1
Clare Market t,4 u 4! 'Yellow husia bOs thl
W bitechapel Market Os utl White alto) WM Ild
per stone of alb. -- Snap ditto 88s od
53 41,1 Multing itulf 77s ad
.tverage Si 10 Vitt() rough _
_.56s O to 006

Grave 4 '24s 01. Gavel I)rt7o 9s Al

I'Lllow Soap IVJA—Mottled, 1I 4s---Curd, 11s3—PaInt 00s.
I'. ice of Candles per doze.), 1.5 e. 041

PRICE OF LEATHER IN LVADENHALL MARKET.
Butts :23./ 25d Cal: Abu 32d 38J
Ditto 271 2Rti Ditto 3841 454
hierchants' Backs 2241 244 Ditto 404 44d
Dre.sing Hides 204 d 21i1 Small Seals 54d fi6t3
Fine Coach Hides 2;:ii zstl Large ditto, per tloz. 130 s 190 s
Crop Hide, fur cwt. 2011.1 224 Tanned Horse Hides 22c1 25s
Ditto 45 to lbs 22d 230 Coat Skin. 54s 62s
Olio:to, July S.— l'he -ecoud best price of a bushel of
Wheat was 15s. 91 according to which price, and a due allow-
made to the baktr, the assize and price of 4read are us fol-
ow, vlz.—The peck loaf household .to weigh 171 b. Goz. is 51 04.
The halt peck 24, 6d. :lid the ...mailer in prormrtion.
Um mos, July P.—Wbrat per load X-25 101 to £36 10$.
Bagel, ver quarter 535. to 564. Oa!, 475. to 574. 13cAns Vis. to
ells. New ditto 00s. to CO4. Rye 1,03. to 00s. Pe ai OM. to 0104.

COURSE OF EXCHANGE.
Amsterdam, 30 6 2 4/ Palermo, 125 Pence per oz.
I Ditto at sight, 29 8 LeLhorn, 61
Rotterdam, c. f. 9 6 2 U Genoa, 54
Hamburgli, 26 6 21 U Venice, a. C. 52 I.iv. Piccolo
Altona, 24 7 24 U effective per/. stet.
Paris 1 .lay's da. 19 80 Liv. Naples, 42
Ditto, 2 Us. 19 0 l.isbun, 76
iii.urdeaux, de. 19 te Oporto, 74
Madrid, Effect. I Dublin, 61
Cadiz, ISO Effect. Cork, 7
Rio Janeiro 77, Malta 66. Gibraltar 48.
PRICES OF GOLD AND SILVER.
Portugal Gold in Coin, - 45 e;s.od. per oz.
Foreign Gold in Bars - £5 Gs. Od.
New Dollars, - . A: Gs. 9d. per oz.
New Doubloons, £5 7.. Oa. Silver in bars per oz Os. od.
PRICE OF CJALS—COAL NIA:eI:ET, JITLY 9.
Ships at Market Sold Prices.
1 Newcastle 0 CO.s Od. :o 00s. O 1
1 Culni 1 4tes. Od. to this. 01.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
..... . ..... .... 9 minutes after 1
Aftern00n............ . ..... 36 rnititees aft cr l 2

MARRIED.

At Droughty Ferry, near Dundee' Major Charles M'Grlgor,
of the 70th Rcement, to Mks Ann Metter, of Pert h.
At Duarncros:t, in Gallaway, on the leak u:t. the Rev—Lß:own,
to Grace, eldest tlauttliter ut Mr. Gurdon of Itarticrwlt.
At Shrewsbury, the Rev. J. Nu,,,,, A. 13. to A:irs Tilton,
daughter of Mr. E. Tipton, of the Abbey I orepare.
At Ipswich, the Rev. T. Drummond, to !slits Pilkinpton,
daughter of the late Rev. J. l'ilkitigton, I the same pl..ce.
