HOUSE OP COMMONS.

The House Met at two o'clock precisely; at &squatter past two
o'clock,.Sir T. TTRITHITT appeared to summon the House to the
Lords, whither, accordingly, the &manr, followed by all the
Members present (about thirty), proceeded to hear the Royal
Commission for the opening of Parliament read, and his Niajesty't
Speech communicated to both Houses by the Lords High Com-
missioners. At half-past two o'clock the Speaker returcsed,token
the House adjourned to four o'clock.
At ten minutes to four o'clock the &TAME took ft Chair'. The
House was then extremely crowdedi—Mr. Pr.awra and the Soxi-
moo GENERAL were the only representatives of the existing Adolf.
oistratiop present. Mr. Baouomast resumed his seat upon &lisp:
position benches. The Hon. Member sat beside Local Nuomi
and Mr. CHARLES WYNN. Sir F. BERDETT and Dr. Lueurmixoe
also took their seats upon the opposition side of the House.
The SreAxas informed the House, that pursuant to the 24th of
Geo. 111. he hid caused warrants to be issued for New Writs foe
the following places :—For the City of Carlisle, vacant by the
death of Sir P. Musgrave ; the Borough of Yarmouth, vacant
bI
the elevation of Lord Binning to the Peerage; for the Town and
Port of Seaford, vacant by the death of the Right Hon. George
Canning; for the County of Lanark, vacant by the death of Lord
Archibald Hamilton; for the Borough of Malden, vacant by the
death of the Hon. Mr. Winn; and fur the County of Cork, vacant
by the death of Lord Ennismore.
Mr. Waxxacz the Irish Barrister, and two other' new Members;
then took the oaths and their seats.
•
THE ADMINISTRATION OT THE LAW. •
Mr. BROUG HA NI gave notice, that upon Thursday se'nnight
he would move the House to take into its consideration the present
state of the Law and its Administration in the Courts, for the pur-
pose of correcting the abuses Winch had crept into it through the
lapse of time.

toner or CHANCERY.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR gave notice of a motion for the 14th
of
next month, for the production of certain returns connected with
the Court of Chancery, and upon which the Hen. Gentleman said
it was his intention to ground a specific motion.
NEW WRITS.
On the motion of Mr. PLANTA, a New Writ was issued for Mar.
with, vacant in consequence of Mr. Holies having accepted the
Office of blaster of his Majesty's Mint.
New Writs were also issued for the following places r—for
Liverpool, vacant by the promotion of the Right lion. Wm. Hut.
Almon to the Office of Secretary for the Colonies ; for the Univer,
sity of Oxford, vacant in consequence of the Right Hon. Robert
Poel having accepted the Office of Secretary of-Srate for the• Home
Department; for Inverness-shire, the late Member. the-Right Hon.
Charles Grant, having been appointed Treasurer of the Navy and
Preside:it cf t' e Board of Trade; So.& City of Armagh, vacant
by the appointment of the Right Hon. Henry Goulourn to the
Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer; for Monmouth, vacant in
consequence of Lord Granville Charles Henry Somerset having ac.
cepted the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer of Great Britain
and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; for the Borough of Ennis,
vacant by the appointment of the Hon. Thomas Fran land Lewis
to the Presidency of el* Board of Trade ; for Haslemere, vacant
by the appointment of Sir Juhn Becketh Barr. to the Office of Ad.'
vocate General; for the City of Durham, vacant by the appoint.
meat of Sir H. Hardinge to the Office of Chief Clerk of the Ord,
nance ; for St. Gerrnain's, in the room of the Right Hon. Charles
Arbuthnot, who has been appointed to the Chief Commi.sionership•
of his Majesty's Woods and Forests; for the Borough of King'i
Lynn, in the room of Lord W. Bentinck ; for Enniskillen, in dor
room of Richard Magennis, Esq. and for Richmond, in the room
of S. B. M. Barrett, Esq. they having accepted the Chiltein Hun-
dreds. Writs were also issued for Weymouth, in the room oltbe
Right Hon. Thomas Wallace, wbo has been promoted to a Peer.
age ; for the Borough of Ripon,in the room of Sir Launcelot Shad-
well, who has been appointed Vice Chancellor ; and for Cork
Castle, in the place of J. Bond, Esq. who has accepted the Chilton
Hundreds; for the County of Durham, vacant I y the promotions'
J. G. Lambton, Esq. to the oilier House.
CLANDRSTINS OUTLAW RISS.
The Clandestine Outiawries 13111 was then read a first and so;
coud time, and committed.
3011011011 or PINRYN.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL gave notice, that on Thursday next he
would move for leave to bring in a Bill to Disfranchise the Borough
of Penryn, and to transfer the franchise to Manchester.
CORPORATION AND TRSYACTS.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL gave notice of a Motion for Thum
day, the 21st of February, for the Repeal of the Corporation and
Test Acts—(Cheers).
The &macro then read from the Chair his Majesty's Speech
(for which see THs &ma of yesterday).
THE ADDRESS.
Mr. JENKINSON then rose to move the Address.
He commenced by claiming the kind indulAence of the
ouse, by remarking, that althoLth he had had the ho..
nour for some years of filling a seat in that House, he
had never before ventured to obtrude himself upon their
notice on any public occasion. It was tree that he was
not 1 young member of the House, and the mention of
ibat fact recalled his mind to circumstances which
could not but awaken in his breast feelings of sort ow
and regret! He had the honour of being closely COQ.
netted with a statesman whose name could hardly be
announced within those walls without exciting the uni•
versal sympathy of the House—(Hear). While hti no%
ble brother held the situation which he did at the head
of affairs, it might be justly said of him that he was net
only the Ptesident of his Majesty's Council, but a
Minister who fully enjoyed the Confidence of the
country—(Hear, hear). His views were not those of
party or faction; his sentiments and principles were
always conformable to the purest standard of pa.
triotism. He possessed likewise powers of eloquence
to which he (Mr. Jelikinson,) could never aspire, to
give ext,ression to his feelings upon public matters,
and to enforce every measure which his compio
hensive mind considered to be calculated to contribu e
to the greatness and welfare of the empire—(Hear.)
He had introduced this mention of his poor brother,
because he was aware that his name possessed de'served
weight in that House, and because he was anxious to
communicate his brother'sAentiments upon a subject
highly important and inteMting at this time to the
country at large—( Hear.) There was another 'subject
to which he could not but advert upon thisocesision—
he meant the death of that great and eloquent states-
man the late Mr. Canning, whose splendid powers had ,
frequently elicited the admiration of that House, and
who had. gained much of the confidence of Lord Liver.
pool. • Lord Liverpool had often expressed his great
admiratioubf the talents of that lamented statesman.
Their eatry recollections and their close and intimate
friendship 6eund them together. He (Mr. Jenkinson)
never could forget the many eloquent displays with
which-that distinguished man had often delighted and
surprised the members of that House. -(Heal). 'paving
now disposed of two great persons—for he might, he
thought, be allowed to call his brother a great man—
(Hear), and, in fairness, no one would dispute the ap-
.plitation of such an epithet to the late Mr. Canning—
he could not but allude to the Administration which
had been lately formed—(Hear). Indeed, due cosi.
4eration of that subject was naturally suggested by the
mention of his brother's name, is the present Admiaio
riltloll imbodied the sentiments and ptinciples whisk
had for such a long period charactetixed his brother's
Government—(Hear). Under this view of the matter
be trusted that the House would not consider that he
bad, in the allusion 'to his brother, trespassed too
upon their attention—(Hear, hear). He had done so, I
actuated by those feelings of affection which might be 1
supposed to animate a brother's breast ; he conceived •
himself doubly called upon to do so, from his respeCt
to this House, and the country at large. who were
no doubt anxious to ascertain the sentiments and
feelings expressed by his brother regarding the pie-
seat state of affairs--(Hear) With the otstril for-
mation of the Administration, for the return Or whose
Members writs had been this day moved, Lord Liver-
pool's sentiments mainly accorded—(Hear), •He cow

sid
id
t
IP
di
$1
N
th
of
*
tti
SI
11
VI
• it
V 1
d'
al
h;
ft
11
it
• h
tl
(
r. i
4 ti
It tl
a
is
tt
1.•
Lt.
jl
ti
es
ip
be. F
61
n.
be 8
t.r.•
td-
rte
TS
of
• C
K
he
isti s
t]
lA. II
and
ea
Me i
the I
be. a
'lir i
IN
'4 I
iek
ow j
I
be
mg.
oo:
!ad 4
ROt 4
it I
the 4
of 4
ere
pa.
ate 4
10 4
rb t
u
at.)
reJ
to

tO
'9,
C•

•,.

sidefed it as one imbdilpg type interests and
seal feelings of the con ry. If it did not contain the
names of all thole to whom
....cititiv.eirpool was dearly
attached, a ecoirTiiiied—tlie nime ora man to whim he
was 1 ng ttach-d, whom he had been the first to intro-
duce to this H use and the management of public
affairs, an.l Nho lostg enjoyed his undivided confidence.
Need he (Mr. Jenkinson) say that he meant the late
Member fife Oxford (Mr. Peel), who now again filled
the same situation in hi. Majesty's Councils at when
first introduced there by Lord Liverpool ? Mr. Peel
was then, as be is now., Secretary of State for the Home
Departm.-nt, and never were there two men between
whom more unbounded confidence and unanimity ex•
isted upon every politic .1 subject, than Lord Liverpool
and'*'. Peel--( Hear). With the knowledge of that fact,
be (Mr. Jenkinson) presumed he was not wrong in sup•
posing—what, indeed, he had every reason for snp.
posing—that Lmd Liverpool approved of the great
body of the existing Administration—(Hear, hear).—
Upon this particular and important point, be (Mr. Jen-
kinsun) could speak with confidence--(Hear). He now
begged leave to inform the House, and he made the
sotement upon the authority ot his Lordship, that
the present Administration had Lord Liverpool's entire
approval—his perfect approbation—(Hear, hear).—
[Here the Hon. Member paused for a moment to give
veht to his feelings.] He then proceeded. He wished
it to be distinctly understood, that in obtruding himself

upoa their notice cm this occasion, he did so upon his
cwn individual responsibility. The moving of the Ad-
chess was committed to his hands at his own proposal,
and from his own wish. If fault there be in it, it was

his fault ; and if anything unpleasant or grating to the
feelings of any Hon. Members had fallen from him in
the course of his observations, it must have escaped
from him unconsciously. He repeated, that he wished
it 'o be distinctly understood, that the circumstance of
ii;s coming forward on this occasion entirely origi
slated with himself. He should now. briefly advert
to some of the topics touched upon in the Address.
He would advert for a moment to the subject of
Greece and Turkey. It was manifest. that open
violations of neutrality could not be suffered to con-
tinue without an attempt being made to put an end
to them. But this was not the period to discuss
that matter, and he should therefore abstain from
entering upon it on this occasion: that subject would
conic wore legitimately under-discussion when they
had those papers on their table which his Majesty had
signified his intention of laying before them. As to the
Address, it pledged them to nothing—it merely gave
expression to their grateful feelings towards his Ma-
jesty for the production of those papers. With respect
to the affair at Navaiin, of which mention was made in
the Speech, the discussion upon it would follow in
course, when the Ministers of the Crown were in their
places, and when the House had those papers before
them which were not at present on their table. He
«Quid only say for himself, that he entertained the
strongest personal regard towards the gallant officer
svficne name was connected most prominently and im-
mediately with that affair. He (Mr. Jenkinson) in his
early life ha i belonged to the same noble profession,
and be could say, that there was no one who felt more
completely. impressed with
,the value of the services
rendered bithat gallant Officiee, however they might be
qualified with ether' ithumitanies—(Hear). Neither
slid Ito expect that a discussion would arise now re-
specting the affairs of Portugal. Upon the sending of
the troops there, a discussion, it would be remembered,
took place—a discussion which was distinguished by
the great eloquence of an illustrious person to whom
he had already alluded; and who was now no more.
The subject was then sufficiently canvassed, and it
was now merely pioposed to recal the troops that
had been then sent out to that country. He did not
imagine that any disctission Would wise as to the treaties
with Brasil and' Mexico; they would be' received as
pregnant with the prospects of future and great adsan-
tages. It was with that view that they had been entered
into.by the Government, and no Government should
enjoy the confidence of the nation that was not attentive
to the advancement of its commercial greatness and
prosperity. He begged leave to say a few words respect-
ing the revenue. While considering such a momentous
subject in the trifling and imperfect manner in which
such' an humble individual was alone enabled to con-
sider it, ,he trusted the kind indulgence of the House
would be extended to him. He *as convinced that the
country possessed resources sufficient,--nay, more than
sufficient to extricate it from its present great difficulties,
and to restore it to is flourishing • and prosperous con-
dition. Such was his firm persuasion, his confident
expectation. Let them but revert for a moment to the
page of history—foe example, to the period of the wars
of the succession : they would there find abundant prools
df the recuperative powers which were possessed by this
countrj,and which enabled her to recover, under circum-
stances of extreme depression. The greatest glory which
could mark thecareer of any ministry would be,toaccom-
plists such a restoration of national prosperity and
strength. That glory belonged, in peculiar degree,
to Sir Robert Walpole, who restored the finances of
the country to a state of great prosperity, after the
most depressing effects of she wars of King William
and of the Sateesoldn. The debts which were then
local red sindstalstedly could **lst compared with
the' debt incurred at a more recent period ; but in
a cert.rie degree .they were comparable, and the can
cunsstenct fully warranted the conclusion that this
country, through the elasticity of its resoercel, would
again rise to a mere prosperous and happy condition.
Such an,ichievement, he would repeat, would con-
fer the greatest glory upon any Ministry. He was not
the man who would underrate the glories which encir-
clad the name of Pitt; be would not be the person to
undervalue the result of that illustrious Statesman's
eserthms in preserving these countries from the effects
Of the revolutionary mania which then threatened deso.
lation to Europe, bat he conceived that the hi-lightest
glory which crowned the fame of that great-mall was
the circumstance of his having restored the finances of
this country after the great depression produced in
them by the American war, to a a state of the high-
est prosperity perhapa ever witnessed. Our ofthe
chief causes of the present depression in the finan-
ces he was convinced was to be found in the im-
mense and universal changes' in the value of pro.
prey. When the depression is atuibuted to the
effectaof the late war, it is remarked that fifteen years
have elapsed since its termination. In the variations
in the value of property, they must seek the cause of
the depression, and until these variations are adjudicated,
it is vain to look for prosperity in. the financial coo•
dition of the country. He knew well that in some time'
that happy result would be obtained,and that the growing,
resources of the country would not alone extricate it
from its present difficulties; but, looking at those re-
sources, he would confidently predict that still greater
prosperity was in store for them. His sincere wish was,
that regard should be.had to:the various interests of the
country. He bad himself, for a long period of his life,
belonged to the agricultural interest, and be would
now declare his opinion, that unless complete equality

mg
or-

were established between the agricultural, the cemtner-
cial, and the manufacturing interests, it would be idle-
ever to hope for real prosperity in this lAnd. Impressed
with this feeling, he would entreat the house, as the or•
gan of all the interests of the count! y. to resort to con-
ciliatory measures. He would rapes, them to proceed to

the adoption of measuresof that description;as such mea-
sures would be alnne calculated to alleviate the distress
which now generally prevailed. It was with that view that
he (Mr. Jenklnson), unused as he was to address them,
had trespassed on their attention with these observations.
Perhapsit might so happen that his conduct upon this
occasion might incur for him from some quarters ridi-
mile and contempt. He cared not for that.a—tie had
acted as his feelings and his judgment prompted. In-
coming forward thus, he conceived he was only lending
his voice to that of the country, convinced as he was
that that voice would be erelong expressed in favour of
an administration which, he was certain would be found
worthy of the confidence and support of this House, and
of the entire empire. The Hon. Member concluded by
moving the Address.
Mr. R. GRANT, in rising to secoetd.the Address,
said he.clid not feel it necessary to enter into an elabo-
rate discussion of all the topics suggested by the speech.
There were some of them, however, to which, from ex-
pediency, he should deem it necessary to advert. There
were others, the discussion of which was precluded by
the absence of Ministers. The absence Of Ministers did
not seem to him to take from the House of Commons
the right of entering upon all these topics, or to abridge
in the slightest degree the right of tree discussion—
(Hear, hear). But he was sure at the same time that
the House would feel with him that the present moment
was, to say the least, an unsatisfactory period to enter
upon the discussion of topics and of measures which
were disputed in many point., when those whose office
imposed upon them the duty of explanation on .these
heads were not in etteadance—(Hear. heat).—For this
reason he did not mean to enter at large upon some of
the points brought before the notice of the House. He
was perfectly ready to acquiesce in the doctrine that no
British Ministry ought to presume on the confidence of
the Crown or on that of the people, who were not pre-
pared in their places to enter fully into the discussion of
every topic. For that reason he conceived that the present
period was not a time for discussion. The .Hon. Mover to
this address had certainly a right to state the grounds on
which he thought fit to entertain thit'ortrat opinion
and were it possible for criticism to attacjc aey speech,
be was sure such criticism would be disarmed by the
diffidence with which that speech had been delivered,
and by those effusions of fraternal love and at ctimi.
which it displayed—(Hear). The speech adverts to the.
tranquil state of Europe, and at the same time it points out
two exceptions to that state of general peace. One of these
was now become the cause of grateful recolleatiotis: the
other exception had been the cause, too, of profound
and anxious interest. He alluded, they wquld at
once perceive, to the instances of Portugal andfGreece.
With respect to the state of Portugal, an expedition
had been 'directed there to the preservation of national
independence, and having proved so successful, could
not but raise the happiest reflections. There had, in-
deed, been many objections raised to sending out this
expedition, and many tears had been expressed that it
would lead to results deeply to be deplored ; those
fears were now banished, and whatever the result might
have been, the object of that expedition must still have
been the same. It had been, feared that that expedi-
tion would have kindled a war of opinion in Europe,
the mischiefs of which no man could foresee, and no
Government avert. Those fears, he need scarcely
say, were now at an end; and they had this day
received the gratifying intelligence from the throne,
that the British troops dispatched upon that expedis
tion were about to rettsen to this country—(Hear)."tini
every view which he could- take of the topics involved
in this Address, he thOught they were enzitled to ge•
neral approbation. Not oneesyllable%had been intro-'
duced which could commit the oPittion of any Hon.
Member ; not one act had been alluded to upon which
a real difference of opinion could be aroused in the breasts
of Englishmen. The soil of Portugal had been preserved'
pure from an invader.—the treasure of-the country had
remained in a great degree untoueheil--:the sword still
slumbered in the scabbard, and its bare demopstratioa
had preserved Feace. It was a glorious thing during
movements of that nature, to hope to see established a
Constitutional Government like that of England, where
freedom had been previously less known in the same
degree. It was a just topic of congratulation to find
that the foreign interference of this country had been
called forth in favour of the independence of the foreign
state itself. It was impossible to touch upon the cir-
cumstances of the Portugaeseexpedition without having
the mind forcibly recalled to the. memory .of the dis-
tinguished individual by whom that movement bad
been planned and .executed, of whose policy it might
be truly called the dying effort—(Cheers)—and res.
specting whom, *haver difference might have pre-
vailed upon particular events, there would, he was
sore, remain but one feeling of affectionate regret
and regard for the memory of a Statesman, who had
been for so 'many years the pticlo, delight, and ornament
of that assembly—(Cheers).—Pnovioestce had fortu-
nately preserved him for that last achievement; it had
reserved it for one who had the wisdom to project and
the power to execute it. And though now removed
from the controul of human events, history would inse-
parably associate his name with the renown of such a
measure, and inscribe it upon the column erected to
attest national glory—(Dear).—From the topic of Por-
tugal, he begged, permission to revert to thltt which was
connected with thf contest between the Ottoman empire
and Greece, and which he was equally persuaded would'
receive the unqualified approbation of the country. There
was no question he knew more difficult, and at the
same time better defined, than this right of one nation
to interfere with the national concerns of ,another.—
Upon this point the Address was extremely forbearing :
it did not pledge the House to the expression of any
parfienlar opinion, until• they had the whole of the
requisite 'information before them. Most proper it
was that they should await the perusal of the infor-
mation which hall been promised to them, although
there Were many who thought the question to be at
prelent ripe for consideritinn. if he were asked
how far 4 was competent for a foreign nation to
interfere between a lawful Government and its re.
wilted colonies? he must pause before he replied, until
he had before him all the facts and circumstances of
the case. Su:h questions were always complicated,
and their solution difficult. It was an important prin.
ciple of international law, that one power had no right
to interfere in the domestic concerns of another; but to
this rule There were several exceptions laid down its all
ages. by writerssof the greatest authority. These special
ezceptions were, however, often liable to be misread. It
had been always contended by writers oa the law of
nations, that where oppression reigned, resistance be-
came a moral right. In the application of this prioci-
Ple which involved a question of erniediency likewise,
one of the parties at issue was often put in the situation
of a belligerent, and might in that position, of course,

be taken . up by a foreign state.. It was one of the'
brightest periods of British history when England re-
covered her expiring liberties by the aid of a foreign
arm—(Hear, heat). She was therefore peculiarly hound
to extend her aid to suffering free.lom when the appeal
was made to her honour_ and• greatness—(Heer,
hear). He trusted that- the. House would forgive
him for makiNg .these few passing remarks, and if
he desisted for. obvious reasons from following
them up on the present occasion, it was not be,
cause of any doubt in his mind of the justice and
propriety of that • kind . of foreign interference to
which he had already alluded. When the proper time
arrived, and when the full information was before them,
tenhe
which
shouldbethreeay dodyuntodulyibsctuedssthese topics with the
attention
required. There
was an additional reason why.they should oat hurry
into discussion the topics- ofich• the speech from'
his Majesty embraced.. Upon orie, and not the least
important of them,—that of Gueete,—they were. in-
formed, that after all which had happened, his Ma-
jesty hoped, -that the negociations which were still,
pending *bald proceed to an amicable adjustment.
If he were indulged with a little more of the pa-
tience of the House, there was another topic to which
he should like to call their attention—he meant that
part of the. Speech which alluded to the internal situa-
lion of this country, and the measures which were con-
' templated for its amelioration. He did not mean to
enter into the deep and mornentous_consideration of
the causes of our commercial depression, among the
_classes where trade had become depressed, nor into
the discussion of any measures likely to he proposed
for their relief. There was nothing easier than to
indulge in florid descriptions of. pleashig anticipations
and sanguine hopes; but the Royal Speech wise)),
and temperately abstained from any extravagance of
that nature: it fairly and plainly said, that seam
improvement had taken place, but that much yet
remained to be done, and it eallectupon Parliament
to take the matter into its fullest consideration, and
thereby to discharge a very necessary,. though mote
laborious, duty. It was possible—indeed probable-:
that many apprehensions prevailed as to. the cause of,
commercial distress, and perhaps with reference to the'
power and means of its removal. That the industry of
many classes of the people was seriously affected by a
combination of potent circumstances, it would be idle
to deny ; and that the existence of such a fact imposed
upon them the indispensable duty of investigation, was,
, he thought, equally obvious. The House could have no
objection to the pledge of inquiry recommended to
them from the Throne. and he had no doubt they would
honestly, faithfully, and vigilantly enter upon so serious'
an inquiry. How far any new experiment could be
made to mitigate the effect of subsisting evils, remained
to be seen; but he confessed most candidly at the outset,
that he feared there were many difficulties • in the way
'of remedy, which were insuperable ; and many evils to•
be caddied, for their removal was hopeless. He repeated
his fears, that a state of depression must exist in certain
classes,which was far beyond thereach of human remedy'
At the same time, he hoped that in others would be
found the means of a gradual and.progressive amend.
ment.. A doubt of the ultimate remedy, even where it
.was (elf, so far from furnishing an excuse to impede the
prosseution of this inquiry, made the strongest motive
for its adoption; and if, after all, less were done titan
some expected, the country would at least see and feel
that the Legislature was seriously alive to its condition
and true interests, and, prepared honestly and firmly
to discharge its duty, where any benefit could be prac-
tically devised. He believed that the good sense and
candaur of Englishmen, when they found Parliament
kltus using its best effirts, would do justice to their in•
Sections ; anal though the people were at tirites misled,
and unacquainted with the real situation in which mat-
ters were placed, yet they would always be found satis-
fied when they were fairly and properly Advised, and
ready to do justice to the exertions of those who were
embarked in the arrangement of. public affairs. By
pursuing the course pointed out in the Speech, the
(3, own will have done its duty, Parliament will have
done theirs, and the public will be ultimately satisfied.
The Speech assures them—and he cordially-believed
that assurance—that in the promotion of the happiness
and prosperity of the People that House would at the
same time be promoting the dearest object of his Ma-
jesty's paternal wishes—( Hear, hear).
The &MAKER then read the Address from the Chair.
On the question upon the Address being put from
the Chair,
Mr. BROUGHAM then rose, and said he agree] en-
tirely in one of the observations which had fallen from
his Hon. and Learned friend who had just sat down, and
while at the same time he claimed for himself and the
Elouse the full right of entering upon every-question em-
hi aced in the King's Speech, he also admitted and felt
that that was not an occasion which could be either very
fairly ur very conveniently chosen for such a proceed-
ing. He undoubtedly possessed the right of then dis-
csiasing every question quite as much as he should do'
were every one of his Majesty's Ministers present,
but still even had he been inclined to exercise that
right, a feeling of courtesy, of propriety, would have
restrained him. But he did wish that those Honourable
'Gentlemen who bad proposed and seconded the Ad-
dress could have been induced, either by their own
judgment, or by the advice or persuasion of others, to
have followed the coarse which they themselves had
taken so much pains to recommend to others—(Laugh-
ter). It was one thing to say,_ the men are not pre
sent whose measures are before you, and therefore
if you discuss them you. 'will do so without giving
their supporters or planners • an opportunity of do-
ina themselves justice—it was one thing to say so and
sot° act yourself, and it w:aeanother and a very dif-
ferent thing, no sooner than- you had given that very
proper advice, to proceed to enter very largely upon
those very questions on which you deprecated all dis-
cussion, and tcr proceed to eater largely upon all those
points, the discussion of which it was most expedient to
postpone--(Hear I). .The Hon. Mover not only gives
his plenary approbation to the existing Administration,
but he does so at the expense of the one which has
been broken up, and that too without assigning any
reason. But he even goes further. Not content with
giving his own support, he actually brings down
a kind of message from a Noble Llrd, whose health he
(Mr. Brougham), judging of course merely from public
report, had concluded, with regret, was in such a state
as to preclude him from giving any attention to public
affairs. He was happy, however, to learn that he was
mistaken. He rejoiced.to hear so favourable an ac•
count of the Noble Lord's health from so good an
authority; but while it was gratifying to his feelings,
it took from himself all feelings of delicacy as to the
propriety of entering upon the subject. He had wished
to be silent, but he was compelled to speak, and it
became his imperative duty to protest against that
Noble Lord, or any other Noble Lord, Sending' a
message down to that 'House. Was it because the
Noble Lord was a Member of every Government
but the last within 20 ye ft past? Was it because the,
Noble Lord was suspected by his friends, and was cop..

sidered an inoffensive man by his enemies...was:it be-
cause he was peculiarly fair und eandid,:sowards• his
political opponent .th#t he sboutd fitite-191*rhiniself.
to aend down a message to chit
Relative to the effect that he (11htdPfiliverponi) was
fully pttsuaded that there never sPai. slitter Adrnini.
oration thaoithat'that bad been-jest irgirtbed ? Doubt.
lesi• the 'NObte Lord approved of the omission.'
those •otnisSiusts which had • astounded the IPublic-m.'
the Ministry met, with his • complete approval, and'
therefore he approved Of the Omission of his' ancienc
and Noble Colleague,'- whose name'-had been so
long associated with his own, that thiy had become as
it were like Castor and Pollux in 'this . nether woad—

(Laughter, and hear)—the one was never heard without'
the other. He (Mr.-Brougham). never heard of vett
measure, nor any political movement within the last 20
years,to which both those Noble Lords were not parties.:
He was etre& With' surprise therefore, he confessed, hilt •
with still more satisfactiou than surprise, when he heard
of Lord Liverpool's approval of this onaission—(Laughe
ter.) Notwithstanding all that had fallen from the Hon.
Mover and Seconder, he (Mr. B.) would not. be drawn
away into an unnecessary discussion, notwithstanding all
the temptations that had been thrown out. It would be'
inexpedient and unfair •to enter into any general disal
cussion ; but there were some topics touched on by the
Htnt. Mover and Seconder, in some of the terms of the
King's Speech and the Address, which he could net re-'
• Frain from remarking on. He must enter his protest*
against it being supposed that he assented to any
one of the arguments .they had heard, or -even of
the expressions of the Speech., He wished that those
who penned the Speech had considered to whom -it
was addressed, and by whom it waa—if not • to be-
discussed—at least to be considered, .and that they.
bad avoided some -expressions calculated mote than
those contained in elny speech he had ever heard, •to
commit and irritate those who from -delicacy and expe-
diency were desirous not to vote against it. • One para-
graph of the Speech he must dissent from and protest
against, in the foil and firm conviction, that his dissent
end protest would in due time be re-echoed by that
House, and throughout the country. He alluded to the-
' manner in which the lateetlorious, brilliant and im mot tat
achievement was alluded to. •In his Majesty's Speech.
that glorious event wasiefetted to, and talked of in the
language of lamentation.- It was the first time in the
coorse of his (Mr. Brougham's) eriperience, that he had
I ever heard of a Ministry taking an early, unheard of,•
uncalled for, improper, unfair opportunity of complain-
ing of a glorious victory. It was reserved for some men •
of the present time to conquer and repine; to fight
the battles of freemen and to tremble like slaves; to ect•
gloriously, but for so doing to repent bitterly. Some
who when they promoted the cause of freedron,•by
winning battles in the West, thought it expedient to
extend the reign of slavery in the East, and thus pluck",
ing from their brow the laurel, planted cypress in its
place. He hailed it as an evil omen that the Speech•
referred to the late battle in terms which it did. •He
feared he should not be able to give his confidence to
those who designated the bat:le of NavArin 44 an unto-
ward event." He did not say the present Ministry
was unworthy of public confidence; .what he come
plained. of was, that the Honourable Mover and Se-
conder should say you must not discuss certain matters •
in the absence of Mr. Huskisson and Mr. Grant, and -
yet the advisers of the Crown put in the -mouth of theiti
Sovereign an attack upon Mr. Hiiskisson and Mr. Grant,-
and Mr. Grant's brother came down to srcond an Ade-
dress lauding this Speech, containing the attack en- Nr.,.
Grant and Mr. Huskisson. But perhaps he. wotid.be •
told, this was not an attack ou Huskisson and Met; -
Grant. On whom then was it an attack? On those men
who fought and bled for us.in the battle, in that battle of
which we are now ashamed. " And now, my Lord, Field
Marshal Duke of Wellington, there is no getting you out
of this dilemma. Not all your battle!, n'o all your nimble-.
ness, not all your manieuyres categeeyou out of it." The
Speech itself was either an quack. on Mr. Huskisson
and Mr. Grant, or it was art attack upon the brave
men who fought and conquered at-Navarin. Whicha
ever way it was taken, the Noble Duke could not be
extricated from his difficulty. He either censured the
planners of the policy, and cast disappr.'bation on
those men whose gallant Commander bad received the
approbation of his Sovereign, and had been covered
with honours for that very action which was nos; to
be oondemned. He felt deeply impressed with-the .
danger to be apprehended of a war spreading when
it had once broken out ; but, feeling .as he did, he
viewed the paragraph with great. distrust, especially
when it proceeded from a military Prime Minister,
who was at once the Finance Minister of the Governor
of the Horse Guards and of the House of Lords, as his
Noble Friend the Secretary for War was then the Go-
vernor of the House of Commons. He humbly hoped.
that that most objectionable paragraph was not to be
taken as an earnest of a return to that erstem whioh had
happily of late given way to the more humane, the mole
liberal, the more enlightened course of policy which had
been adopted by a Gentleman whose name lie could.
hardly venture to mention after the splendid and ap-
propriate eulogy which had been so justly bestowed on .
his exalted talents._ One who, by the influznce of
vile abuse, had been harried to a premature grave. lie
hoped that his generous policy, and the splendid suc-
cess which had attended it, would not give way to that
system which in an evil moment had been adopted. He
trusted that England would once more be restored—or
rather that she would continue as she should be, the re-
fuge and solace of freemen in affliction, and not their
curse, and the assistant of their tyrants -who would
persecute them. He hoped that every systeni of
tyranny would no longer be encourages) to. -look
for support in Great Britain; but he confesses} that
from the manner in which the • battle of Navaria
was treated, he had some misgivings. He would
not enter into a long discussion. He cared._not who
were the individuals composing the Government.- -He •
would look to measures and not to mereand while the
late system of policy, foreign and domestic, wal acted
upon by theMinisters,whoe,ver they mightbe, they should
have his support. But he. could not sit down. without
once the ,yl:r.iantode
expressing his doubts as to propriety, constitutionally
.spieisnaseikssitsneighr,;tohtfheiaenayr and Commander
en t individual,
re
confidence n bung
Chief aolfof
his
sovereign.
No man entertained a higher opinion of the illustrious
military services of the Duke of Wellington than he disk
but those very services almost of necessity•unfitted•him
for his new,post. He was,..told that his Grate, was
vigorous in Council, and he might be so, *..bet that,
strengthened instead -of weakening his `nbjectims.:....
There was one objo.etinis which had• lama swedes° the
Noble Duke's appointment, to which he could netoilt sofa
any weight. Heallusled to the declaration of his. toes
incompetence: *eked birasell heard. that Spaeth, toad
he could not have eal*eited any •thing trootea
to the occasion. • His . ream 7-fwe !elrpetio.. ao the
appointment was Ocebe"found tjuu ebiellPssienl4 Wei onga. .
ton's military eberactet -rhis Mali at y geo/b,, tor he
could not emeleat to. see altnest the *hole pi/Gouge
of thirgreat volintyfolt the diatiotal'of a man whose
