This clay was published, •
In Quarto, illustrated with Plates, mice £l. 7s. in boards,
ANARRATIVE of a VOYAGE to SURI-
NAM; of a Residence there during 1805,1806, and 1807 ;
and of the Author's Return to Europe by :he way of North
America.—By BARON ALBERT VON SACK,
Chamberlain to his Prussian hlajty.
Printed for G. and W. Nicol, Booksellers to his Majesty, Pall-
Mall, by W, Buhner and Co. Cleveland-row.

This day was published, price 2s. 6d.
rp.
mE PAPISTICAL CRISIS, proving that the
I -Catholic Claims cannot be concAell to without end....gering
both the Monarchy and the Constitution, nor the popular plan
of Reform practicable without producing the worst kind of tyranny
and slavery.
Also, the Popish Divan, price 45. Ed.
And, the Council of Twelve, ss. 6d.
Printed for C. Chapple, Pall-mall, and sold by the Booksellers
in 1191d-street, Piccadilly, Paternoster-row, and the Royal Ea•

TO ARCHITECTS.
PLYMOUTH. JANUARY 91, 1810.
THE Mayor and Commonalty of. Plymouth, will
give Fifty Guineas for the best' and Twenty fur the second
best Plan, that shall be produced of a TAVERN, BALL ROOM,
and THEATRE, in three distinct buildings, proposed is be
erected on a spot of land within the Borough of Plymouth, a.,
ground plan of which may be inspected, and copies taken, at the
Pilot Printing-Office, No. 104, Strand, London • at Mr. Trees.-
maes, Printer, Exeter ; or at the Office of bir.Stirttund Lockyen,
in Plymouth.
The BALL-Roam is to be the centre bed , the TnaArat
at the East, and the TAveas * the West end et the ground, and
may, if thoujght eligible, have communication.
The Plan to contain an elevation of each building, with de-
ign* and sections of the Rooms and Offices to he contained
therein, According to the arrangement or schema which may
suggest itself to the Artist, from the space or quantity of ground
allotted to the erection.
Some further particulars as to the size of the Bali-room,
• Theatre, and Tavern, and number of Apartments, wished for in
them, may also be seen at the above-mentioned places.
Plans (with private marks) to be sent tdlthe said Mr.Lockyees
, Office by the mail coaches, on or befbre the 25th day of March
*est soon after which their comparative merits will be decided
on, and the parties offering Plans are desired to send their ad-
' dress to the said Edmund Leckyer on or before the 25th of
April neat.
