LONDON.

TUESDAY,
PRICE OF STOCKS
Bank Stock:2l9l 181 191
4 per Cent. Red. 921 1 4
3 per Ct. Con.. 911 24 2
31 per Ct. 1818, 101 1004
31 per Ct. Red. 1004 3 1
3 per Cent. 1021 1
4 per Ct. 1826, 1051 I
Long Ann. Ant
Do. 30 Years, 19 7-16 tbs

MARCH 2.
AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Do. Do. .1u1.& San. 19 1-16th
India Stock, 2461 6
India Bonds 76 7
South Sea Stock 103 j
New Annuities 911 2
XlOOO Exch.Bills 76 7
42500 Ditto 76 7
£lOO and £2OO Do. 76 7
Cons. for Ace. 921

FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brasil Bds, B pr Ct. 69 Do. 100, 30
Ditto Acct. 69 Si 9} 9 Pertly. Bds.6 pr Ct.
Colom. Bds.6 per Ct. 21i Do. Ace. 191
Do. 8d5.1824, 22i Port. Bd.. Ace. 59}
Do. Aee. 23 lii Press. Bonds, 5 p Ct.loll
Danish Bonds, 5 p. Ct. Russ. Bds. tem 5 pr Ct. 1081
Do. Ace, 74i 5} Sp. Bds. 5 per Ct.l3 121 13i
Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct. Do. Ace. 121
Do. 8.1825, 5 pCt. 451 4i si Do. 510, 14i 151
Ditto Acc. 43ii 41 S Sp. Eds. 1843, 5 per Ct. Si 9
Mex. Bds. 5 per Ct. Fr. Rts, S per Ct. 109 f.
Do B. 1825,6 p Ct. 27 Si Exchange, 115 f. 70e.
Do. Ace. 291 i

BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.
PHA az. PAID. Pia MASI.
Brazilian Company 10 5 114
Brasilia. , Imp. (lss..es pm.) 35 to
Do. National IS 10 110 i
Van Diemen's Land Ariz. 100 10 II

Dispatches were this morning received in town from
Sir CHARLES BAGOT, at the Hague; Lord BURG H ERSH,
at Florence; from Halifax ; and from Major-General
Sir HiLLGROVE TURNER, Governor of Bermuda.

The Duke of WELLINGTON—in reply last night to a
question put to him by Lord WIN cumsea—stated that
there was no intention on the part of Ministers to revive
the Finance Committee. With regard to the necessity of
reducing taxation, the Noble DUKE said, it would not be
expected of him to speak to that ! This is holding the
reins of Government with nonchalance, at any rate. If the
PREMIER is not to be expected to speak on such a
life-and-death question to the country as its taxation,
what is it, on which the Prime Minister of England is
called upon to communicate his views and plans to Par-,
liament ? On a Divorce Bill, perhaps, or a Turnpike Act!
It is plain, from this frank avowal of the Noble Duxe,
that he has no views nor plans whatever, for mitigating
the general suffering : he leaves the national destinies to
be decided by the chance of events. Goa help the unfor-
tunate country, for it is clear that its Minister cannot.
In the Commons last night, the business wasof more
than ordinary interest. The Petition of the inha-
habitants of Newark-upon-Trent, presented by Mr.
PA ULET THoMPsoN, was followed by an animating
and instructive discussion : instructive, not less

from the hesitating and evasive hostility mani-
fested against the principle of borough-dealing by
some, whose best glory—out of that house—has been, that
they repudiate corruption : instructive again, from the
facile extinguisher which Mr. PEEL put on a debate,
which must have made the whole House uncomfortable
from its irresistible personal applications on all
sides. But a good topping majority soon silenced
the, scandalous and offensive dialogue : silenced it, in-
deed, in a spirit and manner worthy of the Noble Bo-
roughmenger, against whose tyranny the Newarkers
in vain do cry." Why, how worse than idle it
is—with such examples as these before us—to petition
the House of Commons against corruption at all! It is,
in fact, petitioning it against itself. The remedy, the
only remedy—u we have long since demonstrated—is
in the PEOPLE themselves.
We cannot, however—in justice to the Honourable
Member for Dover, who presented the Newark Petition—
conclude these remarks, without an expression of our
cordial thanks for his unflinching and firm speech
in support of the aggrieved Petitioners. His description
eithe consequences which resulted to those who had the'
cows,* and independence to vote for Mr.SerjeuttW unit,

contrary to the commands of the Duke of NEw c ASTLE,
ought to be engraved in brass, and affixed on the market-
hall of every borough, which yet tolerates its degrading
shackles. That such a description could be listened to in
the Commotts' Housz of ENGLAND, and cause no
greater sensation than would the reading of a vestry-bill,
tells more eloquently than could a trumpet-tongue the de-
generacy at which that House is arrived. The ejection
of the refractory voters last Autumn by the
Duke of NEWCASTLE—and the remarks which we made
on that ejection—must be fresh in the minds of our
readers. " They were driven forth"—says the Hon-
ourable Member for Dover—" with their helpless
families, the infirm and the aged, the infant and the
female, from the hearth where their social circle has
been domesticated—where all their affections had been
centered, endeared as it was, by their earliest associations.
Neither merits, nor respectable character, nor dura-
tion of service, could save them from this ungenerous and
vindictive persecution. They were not accused of being
in arrear of rent, of being bad tenants, or insolvent—
they were not charged with being guilty of improper con-
duct, of general immorality, or dissolute life : but they
did worse than all this in the eyes of him whom they had
offended—they were guilty of that most. unpardonable
sin—the assertion of the right appended to every
freeholder in this free State—they refused to prostitute
their rotes at the pleasure of their landlord.'--If•these
words were engraved on the most public building in every
proprietary borough, with this simple addition—" Taus
DID THE DUKE 07 NEWCASTLE SERVE A TENANTRY
WHOM ME COULD NOT CORRUPT"..-WO think it would
go far to shake the property, which our Oligarchs
possess in boroughs.

The Times of this morning favours its readers with
the following piece of intelligence, stated to be from an
Evening Paper :

"The Marquis of PA LM EL LA and a couple of his se-
cretaries have sailed for Terceira. It is said in the city
that Count VILLA FLOII has drawn bills upon him to
large amount, which have been duly dishonoured."
In reply to this invidious paragraph, we beg leave to
inform our contemporary, and the public at large, that
in quitting this country for a new destination, the
Marquis of PALrIELLA and M. GUERREIRO have acted
in obedience to the peremptory orders of Don PEDRO.
With respect to the bills drawn by Count VILLA FLOR,
some have been paid, and the whole will be li-
quidated when the financial arrangements now in
progress are completed. We shall to-morrow lay
before our readers some further details relative to the
departure of the two Regents. In the mean time, it af-
, fords us the highest satisfaction to be enabled to add that,
whatever the intentions of Ministers may be, the Em-
peror and his constitutional advisers are doing all that pa-
triotism and prudence can suggest, for rescuing Portugal
from the ignominious yoke under which that unhappy
country yet groans.

Great as the hourly increasing distresses of our own
country may be, and urgent as the necessity of apply-
ing prompt remedies assuredly are, we are much mistaken
if the attention of the country be not in a very few days,
drawn aside fromithe contemplation of its own embarrass-
ments to forthcoming events in France. We have
already alluded to the important article of Le Globe, (see
STAR of Saturday) which has led to the prosecution of
that influential journal. We also stated that the justice
and expediency of changing either the form of govern-
ment or dynasty, as argued in that most able essay, was
taken by all the liberal journals in a kindred spirit. The
whole of these journals—about .1. tx IN NUMBER..-CORIIIIIIO
to assail the Po max Ac Ministry with unabated severity.
Supposing,therefore,that these journals represent the great
majority of the French people, and we are sure they do,
what probability is there, we would ask, of the PRINCE'S
stemming the torrent which is about to overwhelm him ?
It is now strongly reported in the political circles of
Paris, that the 40,000 men, collecting at Toulon, are not
all intended for Algiers. Circumstances would certainly I
give some colour to this rumour. For our own parts,
we are quite tranquil on the subject. Unlike our
own country, where the spirit of freedom has been
daily retrograding during the last fifteen years,
the people of France—to our eternal shame be it spoken—
have been rapidly advancing, until they have assumed
an attitude, through representatives chosen by themselves,
which neither bayonets nor gagging-bills can put down.
Amidst the gloom and despondency which hang over
England—a gloom that seems to weigh down the purest
and most determined of her patriots, it is alike delightful
and consoling to reflect, that our neighbours are fully alive
to a sense of what is due to the dignity of human nature.
We, therefore, tell Prince Poun A c and his friends,
that they have nothing to hope, except in a prompt and
unconditional acquiescence in the wishes of the Psort.z !
The dinottement is at hand.

While we deeply lament the obstacles which retard the
final establishment of tranquillity in the New States of
South America, we are consoled by bearing in mind that
it is only by the free conflict of public opinion, that any
people ever passed from slavery to freedom. History
will also bear us out in saying, that the probation of the
infant Republica, has been, as yet, but very short when
compared to that of other countries. With regard to
Mexico, where fresh dissensions have unhappily broken
out, however much they may be deplored, it is impossible
to read the documents put forth by the BUST...-
Minns, party, without the belief that its views are
directed to the good of the country. It is, however,
impossible to pronounce, with the scanty details
before us. Should it hereafter prove, that this
party is actuated by factious or unpatriotic motives, ire
shall be the first to condemn. In the meantinie, we
look with great anxiety for the explanations which
will doubtlss be made by the government of ananneno.
So far as the previous conduct of this leader led us to

A.
_.:

judge, we should think him incapable of any act calcu-
lated either to disturb the public peace, or lower his
couqtry in the estimation of Europe.

CITY, Twr.Lvic O'CLOCK.
MAILS ARRIVED AND DUE THIS MORNING.

1 Dublin ... 0
1 Waterford ..... 0
1 Guern. & Jersey o
0 Leeward Islands 0

I Prance . 0 0 Lisbon 0
o Flanders 0 0 Jamaica . 0
I Holland
0 Hamburgh ....E 1 America

Consols, which left off yesterday at 91i to 92 for the account,
opened at the same price this morning; since which the market has
improved, and they may be quoted at present 92 to i, and for money
9111. _ _

In the Foreign Market, little doing at present : Greek Stock con.
tinues tinn.

Prince Polignac has notified to the Dutch Ambassador at Paris,
in an official note, that the blockade of Algiers continues, as well as
the blockade of Bone Bugie and Oran.
Accounts from Egina, of the 21 January, state that Prince Ypsi-
lanti has given in his resignation, which was accepted.
Calcutta Papers to the 4th November, Buenos Ayres Papers to
the 19th December, and Prince Edward's Island to the 20th Ja-
nuary, have been received at the North and South American Coffee-
house.

From the Calcutta John Msll of the 3d November.

The Governor-General, Lady William Bentinck, and suite, it is
said, will proceed on their tour to Bewares in the course of next
week. The body guard leaves on the Bth.
prom the Price Current of Slat October.

Sugar in demand, prices improving.
Saltpetre steady, and in request.
Cotton continues very dull.
Silk—some inquiries made after, no sales.
Indigo—coming fast into the market, no sales.
European goods.—Cotton goods generally dull, woollens selling
freely by auction.
From the Buenos Ayres Paper of the 19th December, seven days

latcr than the last acaostala

A disagreeable event occurred at Monte Video on the night of the
14th. The 2d regiment of cavalry, chiefly composed of Indians, to
the number of 150 men, marched into the town, and proceeded to
the Cabildo, the gates of which were closed, defended by some in.
fantry, who were forbidden to fire. The object of the mutineers
was to release the prisoners, but they were &unfitted ; when they
marched to the citadel, and fired on the soldiers The fire was re.
turned, and the insurgents made but a feeble resistance, and fled.
Several were killed, and some prisoners taken.
The city militia, during the last week, assembled for the purpose
of training, upon which occasion the gates were all closed.
Exchange on London, Bd.

Accounts from Rio Janeiro state that the Russian Minister Plc.
nipotentiary, Baron Palenca, had arrived there, and was well re-
ceived by the Emperor of Brasil. In an audience, he assured Don
Pedro that Russia would continue on the greatest friendship with
Brasil. It was reported there that Barbaeeua was going out of of.
lice, and his successor was to be Martin Andrade. Another report
also prevailed at Rio, that Mascaregno was going to Europe on an
important mission, relating to the interest of the Queen of Portugal

Accounts from Madrid state, that some disturbances had taken
place there In the suburbs amongst the manufacturers of tobacco.
Four thousand of them had assembled; a number of troops were
sent against them.

HALF-PAST ONE.

According to the appearance of the market, Consols have reco-
vered from the sickly state they have been in for these few days past.
The extreme fluctuation during the morning has been from 92 to e
to 921 Buyers for the Account, and at the latter pries they remain
at present. This improvement is attributed to a disappointment of
a large delivery of Stock, which it was said would have taken place.
This morning Console for Money, 92 toe.
We understand that within a few days large sums of money have
been paid at the Custom-house on wines and sugar, which has in-
proved the Revenue in that department; and it is said that Minis-
ters are not, for the present, in want of money.
Demerara Papers have been received at the North and South
American Coffee-house to the 14th of January, but they do not con-
tan any thing of consequence.
In the Foreign Market Greek has been the chief speculation, and
done at 45 ; Brasil Stock is also higher.

We have Calcutta Papers to the beginning of No-
vember, which contain intelligence of some importance.
As far as we can understand the statements furnished,
it appears an insurrection had broken out in the
provinces recently obtained from the Burmese.
It commenced by an insurrectionary movement at
Favoy, which place was taken possession of by the
Burmese Chief Moung-Da, who addressed a letter to
the Burmese leader Nya, shooay, Yah, at Mugne, to
sieze that place. Captain Bunton in command, then hay-
ing advice of this, and learning that Nya Sbooay Yah was
to attack him with 500 men during the night, issued
a proclamation calling upon the inhabitants to
remain firm to their allegiance, and about midnight em-
barked in a boat and left the place. In the meantime,
through the activity of the Commanding Officer
at Tavoy, the insurrection there was suppressed, and
letters dispatched to the head-quarters at Moalmyne,
for &reinforcement, in order that he might restore tran-
quillity at Mergui. The Deputy-Commissioner, Major
Burney, proceeded promptly with them to Tavoy, where
he found quiet re-established, and the ringleaders punished,
and being joined by Col. Kelly,proceeded on toMergui. On
reaching the harbour a boat pushed off with Mr. Hutton,
Captain Burton's clerk, a Greek Resident, and the Bur-
mese Chief, Nya Shoeay Yat, who brought intel •
ligence that the conspiracy had been abandoned,
and that all was quiet. The Deputy Commissioner
proceeded to try eight of the principal inhabitants
on charges of treason, from which it appeared
that a very exaggerated account of the affair at Tavoy
bad been sent to Mergui, s;ating that not only
Tavoy but Moalmyne, had been ravaged by the
Burmese, that Moung-da with 5,000 men, was coni*
over land, and that at Morgue be would be joined by the
principal inhabitants. It further appeared that Cap-
tain Burton and his family, after some days of
labour apd privation, had not got more than 50 miles
from Mergui to a small spot on Tavoy Island, when
the cutter in which be was cast loose the boat in
which were the Seapoys, and steered away, it was
understood, for Penang. In the first instance, the
Burmese had dispatched a force to apprehend the party ;
but hearing of the change of affairs at Tavoy, theyy sent
other boats with provisions, and to render aid. Thses
fell in with the boat after it was abandoned by the cutter,
and brmight back the seapoys to Mergui in a most de-
plorable condition.

On their trial by the deputy commission, the ringleader
were convicted, and distance of death passed, but as there
has been no occeeles kr an immediate example, es at
Tavoy, the executles el it has been suspended until re-
ference should be ask to tUe

;; •

immominmlbur •
MARZIAOL 111 HIGH Ling.—At the British Em-
beery', Paris, Viscount Stuart, eldest son of the E►rl of
Castle Stuart, to Emmeline, sole surviving child of the
late Benjamin Bathurst, Esq. and grand-daughter to the
Bishop of Norwich. The bride was
_given sway by the
British Ambassador, Lord Stuart de Rotheay. The young
couple, after remaining some little time abroad, will pro-
ms/ to Stuart-MA the seat of Earl Castle Stuart;
county Tyrone, Ireland.

