SELECT ARTICLES

Prepared only by Messrs. BUTLER, Chemists, Ni,. 4, Cheap-
side, St. Paul's; and 220, Regent-street, near the Argyle
Rooms, London; Waterloo-place, Edinburgh; and liackyille-
street, I)ublin :
- - - -

I.ILUID EXTRACTof SARSAPA RILLA (Simple
and Compound), for making the Decoctions, and par-
ticularly suggested to the Faculty for its portable convenience
and economy.
APERIENT SODAIC POWDERS, forming an agreeable
Di-aught, and at the same time acting as a mild and pleasant
Lixative, relieving Heartburn, Bile, Indigestion, .Nausea,
Acidity in the Stomach, &e.
CARBONATED SODAIC, GINGER BEER, and.LE-
110NA DE POWDERS, for producing the much-esteemed
Ber!.repe of the same name.
CITRATED K ALI, for making Saline Draughts, recom-
eu•nded by the. Profession for its convenience, as more certain
in its opt-ration than those prepared with Lemon.
CARDIAC TINCTURE of TURKEY RHUBARB, a
warm and pleasant Laxative, adapted to Gouty Constitutions.
EFFLORESCENT EPSOM SALES; the disagreeable
flavour which generally accompanies Epsom Elts, is greatly
obviated in this preparation, besides which, only-half the quan-
tity is required for the dose.
CONCRETE JUICE of LIME, for Punch, Limade, Sa-
tine Draughts, Ice*, Jellies, or any other purpose where the
flavour of Lemon is required.
CAJEPUT OI'ODELDOC, an excellent application for
Chilblains (allaying the irritation), used also with much success
in cases of Rheumatism, Sprains, &c.
STOMACHIC BITTER TINCTURE" a very agreeable
Tonic, recommended in Indigestion, debility of the Stomach, &c.
COMPOUND TINCTURE of POMEGRANATE, as
an Astringent much used in Affections of the Bowels, indicating
%Illation, Maxima, &e.
V EG ETABLE TOOTH POW DER, and ASTRINGENT
Tixureitit, for the Teeth and Gums, much :pproved.
Er The above Preparations, when Genuine, will have Messrs.
ll•alsas Nam: aul Address attached to them.

Jermer, Bush, &Jenner 51 10
From Pole and Co.
Miss White, Gloucester 1 1
From Grote and Co.
H. W. Reay, Eaq. 5 11
From Curries and Co.
YoungGentlemen,Peck-
ham Academy E 0
Rev. Thomas Snell 10 10
From Cuutts and Co.
Earl Fortescue 50 0
M. C. and M. B. C. 15 0
Geo. Parry, Esq. 10 0
Capt. It. Campbell, R.N. 1 1
From Pugett, Bainbridge,&Co.
'Addington Church,
Collection 361. 16.6 d.
Mrs. Weyland 5 0
31rs. F. C. Boswell, Haw-
thorn llill
High Wycombe Church
Collection 54 6

day's pay of the Offi-
cers, Non - commis-
sioned °Mc: rs, and
Privates 591. 19s. la.
From Drummond and Co.
7th Drag. Guard;: the
Officers, Non-com-
missioned Officers, &
Privates 461. is. 9d.
Wm. Gibbs, Esq. 5 0
Lieut.-Colonel Charles
Beckwith 5 S
Win. Graves, Esq. St
P. Graves, Est). 2
Miss Graves 1 1
From Wright and Co.
Spanish Ambassador's
Chapel—collection on
Whit Sunday 604 13s. 4d.
From Snow and Pad.
Dr. E. T. Morro 2 2
From Child and Co.
The Earl of Slulgrave 20 0
The Committee will meet at the City of London Tavern daily,

5 5

at Eleven for Twelve.
Subscriptions are received at the Committee Room, between
the Hours of Twelve and Farr; by Smith, Payne, and Smiths;
and by all the Bankers in London and Westminster, ao other
persons being authorised by the Committee to receive them.
By Order of the Committee,
MICH. W. TROY, Hon. Sec.

. PROVIDENT LIFE-OFFICE,
.Regent-street, London.
PRESIDENT.
The Right llouourable Earl GREY.
VICE-PRESIDENTS.
Marquis of SALIMIZT, K.G.
Earl of Ilaaworcier, K.G.
Earl of CILIMAIMUN

IViscount Bumrirc VC
Viscount DinscmcNox
Lord BRAYssoox c.
iTEEd.

TRU

Lord Kozo
Lord i3ax:lll.OOZZ
GSORGI

DIRI

Sir S. B. Moustai, Bt. M.P.
Wit.tism Plumb, Esq.
Esq. F.R.S.
'ORO.

Jou* ALIZANDIR, Esq. Wer. irons, Esq.
War. BELL, ES4I. JOHN MAISNAIL, Esq.
FRANCIS CONST, Esq. Sir S. B. bloat:Ann, Bt. M.P.
Sir JOHN Dover., Bart. K.B. Enwaan Nearer' Esq.
WX. DAWSON. Esq. Was. Pante, Esq.
Roamer Dowels, Esq. M.P. Jaodu Sancnvice, Esq.
Rosette Ft.eavwoon, Esq. THOMAS WYATT, Esq.
Managing I)irector, J. T. BASSES BILAUMONT, Esq. F.A.S.
PERSONS insured (or Life in this Office, share the
Profits septennially with the Original Members, according
to their respective Contributions. Thns, by the specific Sums
insured, and contingent Profits, they have the fullest value for
their Payments, in a manner nearly similar to that, until lately,
adopted in the Equitable Office, but with this preshmed Im-
provement, viz. that as the original Members have raised a per-
manent Fund, deemed amply sufficient fur the purpose of indem-
nity, it is provided, that no personal responsibility shall attach
to the Policy-holders : hence those who seek protection are se-
cured from uncertainty and risk of Loss, as in a Proprietary Of-
fice having a large inheritable Capital, and are entitled to a par-
ticipation in the Profits, as in a Union Society.
Military ?den insured at this Office are net charged with any
additional Premium, unless called into actual service.
Persons insured by th:s Office, not being Mariners in the ezer
cite of their Profession, are at liberty to pass and repass by Sea,
in wholt decked Vessels, or Steam Boats, from one part of the
United Kingdom to another ; and also, in time of Peace, in like
manner, front British to Fort.ign Ports, between the Tezel and
Brest inclusive, without Licence and extra Premium.
If any Person who bas insured his Life in this Office die by
Seicide, Duelling, or the Hands of Justice, his Representatives
may receive the full value which his Policy bore on the day pre-
vious to the time of his Death. •
No Admission Fees are required, nor is any charge made for
Policies, except the Stamp Duty.
Bonuses of ae 13. Bs. and £'46. P 23. per Cent. have been dl-
vide during the last fourteen years.

CATON ON DEBILITY, I LLC§TRATED WITH
CASES.
This day was published, price 3s. 6d. a New Edition of
PACTICAL OBSERNA'fIONS on the DEBI-
LIT lES, natural and contracted, of the GEN ER AT IV E
ORGANS of both Sexes • including Remarks on Onanism, Sc.. I
urinal Weakness, Nocturnal Emission, Glut, Tabes
Fluor Album, &c. &c. with the Theory of Generation.
By T. M. CATON, Surgeon,
No. 10. Stanhope-street, Newcastle-street, Strand;
Late of the United Hospitals of St. Thomas's and Guy's.
Sold by W. Neely, 22, 'Clrange-alley ; and C. Chapple, 59,
Pall-mali ; or by the Author, as 1115011 e.
Where may be had.
Caton on the Venereal Disease and its Consequences, a New
Edition. price ss. illustrated with CAWS : A Practical Treatise
on the Prevention and Cure of the Venereal Disease, exhibiting
the character, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases imme-
diately or remotely connected with it ; containing Observations
on Gleet, Stricture, blucal Discharges, the use of the Caustic
at.l common Bougie, Cutaneous Eruptions, Imaginary Venereal
Diseases, &c. Scc. comprising an elementary Work fur Stvdents,
atlii a Guide to the general Reader; Interspersed with select
Puscrlptiotts applicable tp each division of pm Disease.

A Special General Court of Proprietors of East
India Stock was yesterday held at the Company's
house in Leadenhall-street, for the purpose of laying
before the Proprietors a Resolution of the Court of
Directors, thanking the Most /sToble the Marquis of
HASTINGS for his unwearied zeal for the interest of
the Company, during his administration of their af-
fairs in the last nine years.
The Chairman (J. PATT/SON, Esq.) in opening the
business of the day, briefly pointed out the benefit
which the Company had derived from the adminis-
tration of the Marquis of Hastings. The merits of
the Governor-General of British India had been of
such a signal character, that he trusted there would
be on the question of their approval an unanimity of
sentiment in the Court of Proprietors, confirming the
opinion of the Court of Directors. His object in the
present instance was to state, that the praise of the
Court of Directors had not been given for any parti-
cular act of the Marquis of Hastings, but they in-
tended by that vote to put on record their opinion of
his general conduct and services. On that account
it was not necessary to produce papers to authenti-
cate his claims to their commendation. The history
of his administration was contained in every paper
which had come from India since the commencement

of his administration—(Hear, hear).—They had twice
voted him their thanks before, on the ground of par-
ticular services, and there was a third vote to him of
a pecuniary nature, expressive of their strong feeling
of gratitude for his general services. The first vote
was for his conduct in the Nepaulese war, the second
for his conduct in the war against the Mahrattas and
Pindarees ; and in those two instances the papers
which authenticated the particular grounds of appro-
bation were produced. But in the third instance no
document was produced, because the reward was for
services already known to the Company. Thus they
were in possession of a summary of the administra-
tion of the Marquis of Hastings, and the present vote
of the Directors was given as a tribute of praise for
nine years service, and the conduct of an adminis-
tration eminently distinguished for wisdom and talent
—(Hear, hear)—and he hoped, from the General
Court of. Proprietors, a similar expression of senti-
ment. moved and can ied unanimously. The result
of that administration was seen in the flourishing state
of the finances of In dia,while nothing appeared likely
to disturb its present peace and growing prosperity.
—lt was Only that morning he had received a letter
containing a satisfactory exposé of the financial state
of India, by Which it appeared that the surplus reve-
nue was a crore and nearly a half. He had also re-
ceived other accounts, by which it appeared that all
tears of war were at an end, and that the Marquis
had achieved a great saving by the removal of the
payment of interest on a large loan from India to-
England, by which the home treasury was placed in
a state of comparative affluence, and the saving to
the Company might be computed altogether at one
million. But if they Pocked at the effect ofahe Go-
vernment of the Noble Marquis upon the moral cha-
racter of the people whom he governed, they would
have still stronger grounds for their applause—
(Hear, hear)—and for their concurrence in the opi-
nion expressed by the Court of Directors. He hoped
he had said enough to convince them that the Reso-
lution proposed for their approval was tio more than
a just tribute of praise to the conduct of the Marquis
of Hastings—(Hear).
Mr. IL JACKSON moved that the former votes of
thanks and pecuniary reward KL.the Marquis of
Hastings be read, which was diine accordingly, and
the Hon. Proprietor went on to state that the merits
of the Marquis of Hastings were such as to emi-
nently entitle him to their approbation. Recent cir-
cumstances had confirmed his claims; but if they
carried back their mind to the recollection of his
history, they would find that his conduct bad accom-
plished what their knowledge of his character bad
led them to anticipate. He had been a brave, gal-
lant, and enterprising soldier in the American war.
In Flanders he had particularly distinguished himself;
and being aware of his high qualifications before he
went to India, however sanguine their expectations
of him might have been, he believed they were more
than realised by the result—(Hear, hear).—But it
was not necessary now to enter into the minute
details ; it wai quite sufficient to know that the Mar-
quis of Hastings had governed India in A manner
that was consonant to the British character, and
also with exemplary wisdom and humanity—(Hear).
As for himself, he considered aggrandisement worth-
less and unhallowed, unless k was accompanied with
happiness to the people subdued. He ciinsideted

• -
$o Mall acitlitiosigi pine et the intentbnis or the
Marquis of Hastiiits that hated employed Govetnet
Elphinstone and Mr Jebel Malcolm% to consider and
report en the ceded previntes ; and the eoniecitientil
was, that the Most satisfied Of the lbritish subjecti
under our dominion *ere that tithe prbvinces ii.
cently ceded. He would now niuw a Rewlutioni
which, he hoped, would meet with their cordial*.
honest, and hearty concurrence. He then moved of
Resolution of Thanks to the Marquis of Hastings,
confirmatnry of the Resolution tb that effect of tie
Court of Directors, referring to the previous instal of
thanks and pecuniary reward to the Noble Marquis,
concluding by an expression of regret that dome*
circumstances had induced him to withdraw himself
from the Government, and stating that the Court of
Proprietors considered his conduct entitled to their
unfeigned admiration, gratitude, and applause.
Mi. Nom. seconded the Resolution.
Mr. D.,Ktruman declared that he wOald vote tee
the motion ; but he thought; at the same time, that*
was not properly timed. The Resolution of theetturt
of Dimmer. was, it appeased, drawn op on tbo spur
of dritomment, in order to meet the Noble Marquis
beterebe left the shore of ladia% Many people would
be inclined to think thmt it was &amuse he was *boat
to leave his high situation, as they all knew wen-that
be most be a very obstinate and unbending foe who
would nor build a bridge of gold for a retreating
enemy. The Honourable Proprietor inveighed with
great warmth against the adoption of that system of
cant, both in the Court of Directors and in the House
of Commons, which prevented those bodies from
thanking the Marquis of Hastings for his civil policy
as well as.for his military achievethents. That sys-
tem, which was most hypocritical, arose from a pre-
tended desire on the part of the Legislatures and of
the Court of Directors, not to sanction the warfare
which- the Heads of the Indian Government were

sometimes forced to wage. In the case of the Mar•
quis of Hastings, the most perfect justification was
made out, and therefore the Directors were bound to
have spoken, in a plain and manly way, that approval
of his conduct which they must have felt.
Colonel STANHGPI commenced by speaking of
Lord Hastings's military administration. He stated
that the discipline of the armies had been improved
by the scrupulous attention paid by his Lordship to
Courts-Martial, by preventing the pressing of pea•
sants and the plundering of villages, an ancient cos•
tom in India as well as in Europe, and attended with
grievous consequences. He neat referred to Lord
Hastings's civil administration. The very name of
Hydrabad was associated with everything that was
vicious in government. The system' of oppression
and extortion carried on in that State—a State, he
blushed to say, under British protection was a foul
blot on our character. That stain had been partly
expunged by a late reform which had taken place
I there under the able conduct of Mr. Metcalf. He

next discussed the liberal principles of Lard Hastings's
Government, the great feature of which was, the dif
fusion of knowledge through the medium of educe.
uon and a free Press. By these great acts Lord Hest•
ings had laid the strong foundation of permanent
good government. The Hindoo superstition, the
growth of 30 centuries, and that horrid despotism
which accompanied it, had now to contend with
knowledge, which must triumph. " For the com-
mandment of knowledge," says Bacon, ,g is a corn.
mandmeut of the will; for it is a commandment of
the reason, belief, and understanding, which is the
highest ran of the mind, and giveth law to the will
itself." Colonel Stanhope said, that it was impos-
sible that gross superstition and despotism could
exist where education and a free Press prevail. Dis-
cussion must soon drive from the Hindoo's mind his
48,000 Great Prophets, and his 830 millions of Gods.
He then noticed certain great evils that prevailed it
Hindostan, and which could only be removed by dis-
cussion. The Hindoo society is divided into castes,
which is the greatest barrier to good government.
The productive classes are all denounced vile and
odious; the women are of a debased race, and kept
in a state of slavery. Falsehood is universally prac-
tised, and perjury, which prevails in all our Courts,
to the subversion of all justice, is in some instances
sanctioned by law. There are yearly burned 1,000
widows, and thousands of sick are drowned in the
sacred rivers; and these are all British subjects. To
destroy this vile superstition, and to set up in its
place a pure worship, has been the professed object of
all Mahomedan and European Governments. Let
us see the course they pursued. Mahmood first
vowed to exterminate the Hindoo worship: in twenty
years he invaded Hindostan twelve times, and spared
neither age nor sex. Tippoo resolved on extexmi.
nating their worship: he made slaves of them,forced
them to eat beef broth, and destroyed 8,000 Hindoo
temples. Still Polytheism flourished. The Porto-
' guese set up their Inquisition at. Goa: they perse•
cuted the Mahomedans, Hindoos, and Syrian Clink.
clans. The latter, unmolested for thirteen centuries
by the tolerant Hindoos, were called on to abjure
their simple worship; they fled to the mountains,
everywhere the asylum of liberty. The Censor, ever
standing aloof in guilt, caused. their ancient and
sacred manuscripts to be burned. The Missionaries
have done much good by the example of their virtu.
ous lives, by their moral preachings, and by their
schools; but they could do nothing to break down
the rooted prejudices of irrational men, unassisted by
a free Press. Ziegenbald, a Danish Missionary,
seemed one hundred years ago to have been aware of
this : he says, " the Press being set up, proves so
helpful to our design that we have need
to thank
the LORD for so helpful a benefaction." It is well
known to you, that the vices of Popery, the re.
storation of learning, and the invention of printing,
led to the Reformation; and if the Hindoo supersti-
tion is of a still grosser character, the effects of dis-
cussion, in this more enlightened age, will be propor.
tionably greater. Colonel Stanhope then, from do-
cuments, proved that education on a large scale had

T(l'
