herself, we could call on her with more firmness.—
Our relations with France would be incomplete, un.
less the adoption of this measure formed part of
them. As to the other States, their co-operation
would give weight too, in consequence of the great
power they had displayed in Europe. The question
was. whether the repose of Europe would be the end
of the miseries of Africa, or whether it would be a
new starting-post for her sorrows and her tears ?
The Powei s of Europe, he hoped, would concur in
declaring this traffic a breach of the law of nations.
Mr. MARRYATT assured the Picuse, that all
those connected with the West-India Colonies were
as ready as any others to concur in this great mea-
sure. By the Report of the African Commissioners,
it appeared that from 1806 to 1810, on an average,l
80,000 negroes had been exported yearly, chiefly in
Spanish and Portuguese vcuels. He trusted that, in
this happy re, rnent. when every heart was overflow-
ing with gratitude to the great Dis YR ON EVENTS, all
nations would concur ind 2 away
Mr. W HITBREA.O Kids
this trifle'
that he was Mire there

.

. .~

not think it possible that any political mann could
be grounded upon mere considerations of humanity.
The person now on the throne of that country was of
an opposite character, and he could not but hope that
from principles of justice and humanity, he would fa.,
your the measure. With regard to Spain, it was int-
possible not to see that she was not now in such cri-
tical circumstances as would prevent her from pro-
ceeding upon the highest principles of justice; but
even if her safety were connected with this trade, he
believed the best means of supporting it would be by
justice. Upon a former occasion, when it was found
what misery the slaves underwent in their passage
from Africa, a Bill was brought in by Sir Wm. Dol-
bin, for the purpose of providing that the trade may
carried on with a Less violation of humanity. From
a paper he held in his hand, it would appear that Por-
tugal pretended to carry it on in some degree more
humanely. It appeared that the trade was to be car-
ried on to the Brazils until the population bore some
proportion to the extent of the country, which was
two thousand miles. It provided that those wretches,
in their passage, should have a little more room, and
a little more bread and water. Though this huma-
nity was not very great, it still gave him pleasure, as
it recognised a humane principle. It was really
sitocking when creatures were torn from Their country,
from their families, from their friends, to call it hu-
manity to give them a little lit or e food andwater, as
if they were mere brutes. Such humanity was enough
to raise one's indignation. When the Prince Regent
of Portugal transferred his Court to Europe, it was
to be hoped that he would lend his support to the
measure. It should not be said that Russia, Austria,
and Prussia, had nothing to do with it. The generous
principles they had lately shewn, were congenial with
the measure. In the sudden evacuation of hostility,
not only in the minds of Princes, but even of soldiers
themselves, as if by miracle, there was something like
a pledge to concur in this me sure. It was known
that his M-ajesty's Ministers had a/ready exerted them-
selves for it both in Spain, in Sweden, and in Ame-
rica—they had always shewn themselves willing to
support it, and had proved that in the adoption of it
the country had not acted under a mere transient fit.
The eeneral concurrence in it would be the most glo-
rious conclusion of a long war. It would be some-
thing refreshing after so long a war to find them ac-
knowledging this grand principle of humanity and
justice. 1 his country may then say that she acted
the part which became her, and took the station and
held the language that was worthy of her—(Hear,
hear,)--*--and for her losses in a long war, asked for no
other compensation but this, to which, if the other
powers did not accede, he must say, that so far as
Africa was concerned the benefits of their measures
were not felt. It would be pleasing to say that the
war of Europe gave peace to Africa, but dreadful ii
the peace of Europe would give rise to nothing but
war in Attlee. (Hear.) it was a great and crying
evil to say that trade was to be supported by keeping
ao immense Continent in a state of bat barism. What-
ever he may think of the creed of the Roman Catho-
lics, it was to its professors that Europe was indebted
for its first liberation from slavery. There were many
bulls published by the Popes to this effect in the times
of tyranny. There were many worthy men of that
profession. Now that the head of it was restored to
his former respect and station, it was to be hoped that
he would inculcate upon those who professed it, that
the estimate and value of a religion was to be found
in conduct, and that nothing was so irreconcilable
with the spirit of the Christian worship as to renew all
the horrors of the Slave Trade ; for, as Mr. Pitt said,
it was the greatest practical evil that ever afflicted
humanity. The Honourable Gentleman then read
the Address, the object of which was, that his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent may exert his influence
for the general and federal abolition of the slave trade.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
seconded the motion. He gave his entire concur.
rence to what had been said on this occasion ; and he
could not but hope, that this unanimous declaration
of the British Parliament, would have great weight
with our magnanimous Allies; and that his Hon.
Friend would have the happiness of completing that
great work he had laboured so long to accomplish.
Mr. PONSONBY was glad to think that, by it just
division of her different powers, Europe had been res-
cued from the degradation in which she had been so
long held. But it would indeed be strange if Europe,
so rescued, should hold in thraldom one whole quar-
ter of the globe to increase her luxuries. The hypo-
crisy of Portugal was Worse than that of the Inquisi-
tion, which, in turning over its victims to the secular
arm, conjured it to abstain from shedding their blood.
To talk of humanity, coupled with the slave trade,
was to spew that they were sensible of the misery they
inflicted, and of the advantage they derived from it ;
but were base enough not to act with justice in oppo-
sition to their interests.
Mr. CANNING s rid, his opinion was that the
• Rouse should not come to a barren vote on this sub-
ject, but to one which would at last materially aid
this great cause. We bad always been vaunting of our
o*n authority in Europe; but in this instance we had
a right to speak with something like authority, for
we could strew the nations of Europe that we had
loft nothing by abolishing that disgraceful traffic ;
but that on the contrary we had always enough to
spare in assisting others to secure theirs. When Por-
tugal was-struggling for independence, we called on
her with somewhat too much authority to make elm..
tions in her own behalf. Now that she could secure

were subjects of this country who were base enough
to have indulged the expectation of carrying on at a
peace this disgraceful traffic, under neutral flags.—
He rejoiced, therefore, that to confound their impious
hopes, the house had determined to seek the concur-
rence of every nation in Europe, to abolish for ever
this abominable trade.
After a few words from Mr. J. SMITH and Mr.
W. SMITH, in support of the Address, it was put
and carried acm. con.—Adjourned.
