SPIRIT OF THIS D4Y'S JOURIV4LS.

TIMES.—The papers have already alluded to a confede-
racy said to be formed among the Irish members in the
House of Commons, for the purpose of compelling minis.
ten to accomplish certain measures, legislative and executive,
with a view to more speedy improvements in the state of Ire-
land. If this be the fact, it would appear from yesterday's
proceedings, elsewhere described, that some importance is
attached to the opinions of the confederates on the part of
hie Majesty's Government. bit. Stanley is said to have
invited the representatives for Ireland to a conference
at Lord Althorp's, in Howning.street; where, accordingly,
a numerous meeting took place. At this meeting it was
announced by Mr. Stanley, that a bill for " the regulation"
of the Yeomanry corps throughout Ireland bad been pre-
pared by His Majesty's Ministers, and the Right Hon.
Gentleman explained its provisions to the audience, via.
that the individual yeomen were to be disarmed, and their
arms deposited in district depots; that the corps, now sepa-
rate, were to be formed into battalions, and to be under the
immediate command of the Lord Lieutenant of the county ;
but that, except on sudden and exuaordinary mergers.
cies, even the Lord Lieutenant of the county should not
have power to embody and call out the Yeomanry v ithout
the sanction of the Lord Lieutenant ;of the kingdom. Such
being the main provisions of the bill, several Irish members
are said to have declared at once their strongest disapproba-
tion of the whole project, as tending to fortify and perpe-
tuate the yeomanry system, instead of conducing to its
gradual overthrow and suppression. Unquestionably, if
each a thing as a yeoman force be suffered to exist at all in
Ireland. it cannot exist without "regulations' very different
from those by which it has hitherto been directed. So far
as they go, the new arrangements proposed by Mr. Stanley
are good. The arms will be taken from those who have never
employed them but under excitements which fostered
the most dreadful re-isction in the mind of three-fourths of
their countrymen, and the factious and petty squires, who
have heretofore prompted the vindictive spirit of the yeo-
manry, will, in spite of their office of local magistrates, be
altogether excluded from the sanguinary privilege of calling
out their corps of yeomen, to butcher the people as they list.
So far. we repeat, is good. But on what principle is it, we
should like to know, that one elan, or, what is worse, one
sect of the King's subjects, are to be embodied, armed, and
thereby stimulated, for the purpose of keeping down
another ? Can • peace, in the spirit of peace,' be maintained
while one sect is placed at the mercy of another? While the
Protestant (for we have heard that the yeomen arc nearly all
Protestants)--wbik the Protestant only ie confided in by the
state, can the Catholic ever become worthy of political confi.
dcnce ? We are aware that times may be critical—we cannot
disguise from ourselves the fact, that circumstances miyht
occur in Ireland which would render it a valuable object to
have every natural filen(' of the throne, of law, and property,
and religion, in readiness to buckle on his annout, and
to repel and assist in crushing the designs of traitors or
incendiaries. But we will not anticipate so monstrous a re-
volution in the posture of our domestic affairs. In the mesa
dine, let justice be done : let that equal respect for all classes
of our fellow-subjects, which inspired the framers of the Ca-
ihulic Bill, be manifested in the policy of their successors to-
wards the bulk of the phople of Ireland. If wrong be de-
signed by any, let it not be provoked by the King's Govern-
ment. So shall England have the suffinAes of mankind, and
conscious rectitude. to support her.
CHRONICLE--We do not wonder that the higher
elsesis of this country should fee the moat pan be *imaged
to the diffusioa of knowledge among site poor; for the
eulation of any accoont ef the proenadinganf Ake.pritrileged
claspee,haying refireaco. to the poor can hardly fail so excite
Fkeiing of . iodignntlan . in the latter against the .fonner.
or many years the course of legislation with regard lei illy
poor has been uniformly that of restriction, Tettillini, 'and
encroachment. The most unjustifiable measures
.hrive been

used almost sub Werth.). Who ever hcaidary rf tic higher
classes opposing the atrocious lair fat the stopp.og i-1 ft • -
paths, Of advocating the righta of the poor, till th pa i n
of the people was exhaustsd by the incessant perpvtrut.on f
sets of the most flagrant inktedoe under the law ? alt a de.
elation from the storem of encroachment took plate under
the Ministry of Nee I) .ke of Welling.un- namely. the
Ber Act; and ever since the passing of that Art, have
Lords. Spiritual and Tempera, been menus.. in their at.
tempts to render the concession unavailing. The whole.of
the complaints, we have no hesitation in saying, from *
number tsf comenuniestiotis received by us from imperial
Sources, are without a shade of justification. The complaints
are dictated by that laid spirit entetiained by the .Iri.t. •
entry of England towsels ti e loaner orders, which of lava
Fetes he led to :•tte:i treLineholy "reeks Eves the Duke
of Wellington seems, on r, Beaton. to feel ashanhvi thui to
an unguarded atm.-eon, lie was betrayed :nto anytLing 1 le
consideration fur the toinforis of the lower classes, and au,
s have returnedniece 'hr 'oie congenial spirit of his end. t,
when his hounds were shittadantly fed, while the soldids
that broke the very biscuits for them were starving..
t Franklin tells a story .1 a inert who had a bad
and • good leg, and whu us, d to form an estimate of tlee
temper of those who approached hint, by observing whether
'sheer attention, was fixed on his good. or his b d e
Bishop of London would most assuredly hstre fixed on the •
bate leg. This Right Reverend Father- is G o wou'd seem.
' to look 'inroad on nature merely with a tri-tv to d'oeuvre.
me.ris of abridging employment, sad c renins.ribi g free-
dom. That a pour man should ever eel.: from hie too.
seems to him an abominattuu of the fog order. Why meet:
these people be incessantly driving on the poor ? Tue feelities
which this sort of arbitrary interference engenders are ore 1.-
vourable to the improvement of those who are subjec.e.l.
to it. What would the rich say, were the p. or to
, assemble heft:lre the r doors when they have routs and now.,
bliss, and insist on the immoral tendency ot head ings ! But
ka society we ought all to respect each other. It is for the
good of the poor that the rich shmld rot be molested ;
botsehen the rich ought to consider that the condition or •
'Huai being respected is to respect oilier& Let the poor
man enjoy himself as he can. so long as he does not I--
terfere with others. If his habits arc sow ptible of in'_. provement, have recourse to persuasion Where there is
liberty of action, there will be as occasional abuse td' i••
When the abuse amounts to an inks-tiro of the ritrhis
of others, let the law step in. but the law ought not to
supply the place of the moral teacher. Tee lower enders
' 'ought not to be treated as slaves, hut as rational being,,
entitled to respect eves in their aberrations, as well as
their more fortunate fellow-citizens. If the Bishop In
London could prevent them from sailing in a eteam-boat,
or from walking In a green field, or trom all relasmion
(which he would if be c&ld), the improvement would be
such as he himself might be the first to lament
HERALD.—It is said, and we believe nee altogether
without authority, that a party, or rather tidiest, has been
formed, consisting of pretended reformers, and what are
called moderate Tories, for the pu.p 'PO of defeating the re-
form bill. The plan of this ferion se :ire informed, is
something like the following :_The bill is to he allowed to
go into Committee in the Lords, without a division Sche.
dules A and It are then to be passed, with a view of natio-
fyihg the people as to the peers being favonrable to a rub.
sandal reform ; and theta the details are to he ridiculed and
exposed in debate, af,er the manner of the House ot Com-
mons, far the purpose of increasing the reaction which the
faction imagines has taken place with regard to the measure.
After this object has been accomplished, at is thought that
the HI may be safely kicked out, with an understanding
that a new reform scheme shall be introduced in the neat
session of Pa:Bement. Of course we do not pledge our.
selves as to the truth of this statement ; but obis we will
say, that the opinion is becoming eery prevalent that an
unprincipled coalition has been formed amongst certain
anti and mock reformers, and we repeat that we do nut
think that this opinion is altogether unfounded. The
outcry that has been suddenly raised aphid the diva.
sion of counties has a very suspicious look. We were
amongst the first to disapprove of this nosesure, tut
our objections were r.ot factious, and, alley k had
passed the House of Commons, we never dream: of push.
ing our opposition to such lengths as to endanger the
success of the hill by excising a re•aetita en the public
mind. For our part we have no feats on the subject; we
have no apprelieesiou that the bill a-I ba lost is conse-
quence of a re-action, Or even u. the anathy of the pm-
ple. As we observed yr.:enters 1.1 t rew who slink other.
wise " try it oa," and tiny will seen ot-eover their mistake.
Indeed, it would seem, from the altered tune of err -an jour.
natio', that they have already discovered tlitir a k a te.
No; if the bill be rejected by the House at Lords, it wid be
in spite of the people, not with their accerelance; and we
are quite @enticd that, in such case, dig rt be
paid. It appears pretty clear that the altu-nßabsers wally
believe that there is now little o 7 no excitemette in the coon.
try in favour of the bill; but we casi assure hens that they
are labouring under a delusion which, for their otrautakee,
as well as fur the sake of the tromptitli'y of the nation,
we would advise them to get rid art as speedily am pos-
sible. As to the division of the COllllllOl, we onset
say, that our objections to it, hi well as to he et ring of fern
leaseholders, ite in some degree. reiniiv.il by the 4.lltra LIDS
of the Bill with regard to the town trteliold.r. isetug al-
lowed or vote tot drum y Members. This change is, is
oar opinion, a very popol.ir and a very admirable u.o.
' will go a great way in detesting the aristocta is itsflaeoce,
which, under the provisions alluded to, would most as.
suredly have been exercised with a tr..ry pernicious. effect.
For our pan, we see no reason to suspect the a obesity of
Ministers, and, therefore, we say to the mock' e• Du too
play into the hands of the cot:omit ono, by liste•iog to
factious objections to the details of the Da, which we me
ready to allow are in many respects objectionable." After
all, however, the great tel of the einccrity ot O. veninient
consists in whether they are prepared to at at.• a sufbeiten
number of Peers to carry the guts:ion in the House of
Lords. If they do not, they will • low, and juraly lose, the
confidence of the country, and prove ItlCSUbtllfes traitors,
rather than friends, to the cause of reform.
POST.—Coefurinahly to convention, the brave Deitch
army, of er hating vanquished and dispersed its rebel Bel-
gian opponents hi all directions, commenced its retrograde
movements on Sunday last. It retires front the scenes of
its victories covered with glory immortal. Fighting in a
just cause, and animated with a due spirit of 10,34%
success in ever) instance crowned its gallant elfurts ;
and it retires with the applauding voice of all good subjects,
of whatever state, who must feel rejoiced ite the splendid
example it affords of the invincibility of geeuke patri tis ti
opposed to the utmost efforts of diaaffection and rebellion.
Our private accounts inform us, that the conduct of Leo.
pold, in having invited a French force to enter Belgium is
generally condemned ; and as there is no raised hope of
saving that country from becoming a province of France, the
idea of his speedy expulsion is already broached, with a
view of propitiating Fiance by die choice of the Duke of
Nemoun in his stead. The outcry is Brussels is universal ;
that once prosperous city being by the late revolutionary
events, reduced to the most pitiable state of diatreve in all
departments of trade and commerce. From the Paris pa.
pen we have extracted a Report of the prosedings of the
Chamber of Derutits, which furnishes so admhable picture
of revolutionary . legislation. The outrageous spirit
of the worst stage of the first sanguinary Revulution, when
Jecobitiesni bore sovereign sway in the Banana Conventie
promises to be revived in the uncomrollable licentious spirit
which now so obviously prevails in France. In a dispute
respecting the right of precedency of speaking horn the Tri.
bunt., the contest progressively arose to manual effort, in the
violence of which even the Prime Minister was immateney
in danger of personal violence; and all the endeavour* of
the President, aided by the utmost sounding of his bell,
tailed of restoring the slightest degree of order. This is a
direct manifestation of return to the brutal violence which
characterized tke conduct of the most outrageous periods et
• the Reign of Terror, and may not unressomibly be considered
as a specimen of what may be expected in England, should
at be out lot to be subjected to the proposed Revolutionary
Parliameot,
IM.IIORALITY OF THE "LOWER OHDERS
There never was a baser imputation, in point of untruth.
then that of attributing the crimes and ellateesees of the
" lower orders" to the influence of the new Beetsbouses ;
'O4 the Magistrates and Clergy must know It, too, lince
tluti cannot be ignorant. east at the hours when persons are
loos! apt to indulge in excess of drinking, the Beer-retnilers
' are Jurbiuden by law le Nil, which is not
.the case with
licessed publican, and victualler. But, in the nes sof sal
that is jug and inetelfed-- 'netted of ascribing the "'stowing
depeavity said sradeadness of our working people " to the
melodies of Reler-houelee. tealiattlink, and dislike rte nsente
—why not (we say) ascribe theca to their true and pelpet oe
comae ?—the tytoteitical legkdiejou of Imemeglotruoger,og
parliaments, during of lifie4 tiftylend odd/stare Illoy two
ascribe them to the Regius, of au wanted funCing "Sem,
which has Mortgaged tbee.itplgreg:ot 4114'i/onto ese•soeseie
'to support the idioms' 'of othither.vgarl, era:died ass wits a
debt, the bare insetest to lariat' totonteei.

se •

•

TOE CORONATION.

270,00 families in indolence and luxury, and wield nubs-
tall a milliun of labourers, with their families, In a bettor
ccnditin.l than their present one, giving to them, /ode, from
241'. to 30!. a year ? Why not aseribs their wrstehedamo
and depravity to the effectsof own laws, high mots, dam,
acme ittinl, anti die law of primolturs,Arith its entailed
roperty, and its entailed pauperism P—Why not attribute
then] to a sy.orm of unequal'and unbearable ft:Aim—Bow
.teange, that we never hear the clergy and magistracy cent-
}lain of the " inbuoralitt" of heaping pensions, and places,
and sinecure,. sat! factitious appointments, on men, many
sf whom titiave a halter, rather than maintenance at the
isblie cost. They never complain of the " immorality" of
w•ineing from us Butke's pension of P,5001, • year, though
liztrke is dead since 1797, and was, whilst living, one
*f the )..i;!cr.s, enemies of those who pay his pension. You
I rt er them petition against the " immoralities" of the
inf ofiktrehy, who, since the beginning of the reign
ot fi'.orce 1, have robbed the people of more money to be-
.taw on the families of Grenville and Dundas, than it took
to support the whole civil government of America during
the same period ; that oligarchs', under whose dominion we
bare been plundered of 700,00:4. to cover the single sinecure
ai the,: late Marquis of Buckingham and of as much for
the Marquis of Camden ; whilst Lord Arden, the Seymour',
she Knoxes, the Dukes of Richmond and Otafton, Lords
Mahan and 'Melville, the Marquis of Bate, and several
ethers (welt-known characters), have devoured, at an ave.
rage, hardly less than half a million each of public money
during the lam forty years. Alas! alas! our clergy will
write pamphlets against tea-garden!, deliver charges against
" heresies," encourage prosecutions against " infidels," pre-
sent petitions against beer-drinking, and take fright in all
manner of ways at the amusements and follies of the poor;
but not a word of rebuke have they for the spolistions of
the rich—not a word against the follies of Almack'a, the
dissipation and short petticoats of the Opera—the clubs of
Waterloo-place, the diabterie of Crockford's. and the other
hells of St. James's—not a word against " taxation without
representation !"—not a word against the stamp duties and
ether taxes on knowledge—not • word against tithes, sine-1
cures, pluralities, or the game-laws—not a word against the
" immorality" of giving the whole real estate to the eldest
son, and then quartering the rest (as pampered and whiskered
destroyers) on the industrious community—not a ward
against marble archways and palates that cost millions !
tat, no ! these are all follies and " Imntoralities" of " fa-
shionable 11, presentative.

1M PE RI RIA A3l ENT.

1101'SE OF LORDS, A uouvr 18.

L'Td TVNTFIDEN, in the absinne of the Lord Chancel-
lor, took his seat upon the Woolsack shortly before five
o'clock

The E' rise Duty on Candles Repeal Bill, and several
private hills, were brought up from the House of Commons
by Mr. Green and others.
klr Johnson. from the Chief Secretary's Office (Ireland),
brought up the papers ordered in the ease of the " King v.
Ol'onnell and cement."
Earl DBOSV ENO R presented a petition from an indi-
v'dnal who had been travelling for sonic time, and who wa■
surprised, upon coming hack, to find that the reform bill
we. still in committee, praying that the bill might be passed
v. ithot delay.
The noble earl at the same time presented petitions fur
the abolition of negro slavery, and from an indivnal wt.°
/NA erected a statue to the late king, praying for com-
per•sation.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from St.
Mary's, Paddington, against the beer bill.
't he Disembodied Mittia Bill, on the motion of Earl
G ti EY, was read a third time, and passed.
• On the motion of" Lord TENTER DEN, the Arbitration
aril futo.plcatler's ilills wet..? read a second time.
The several lulls upon the table were forwarded a stage.

Lord STE ANG FOR D wished to ask whether the noble
earl opposite was ytt honoured with bis Majesty's commands
reflecting the coronation ? and whether the Pears were to
he represented by 0 e senior of each class, or do homage in
Orie own persons ? The latter course would subject the
elovernment to no expense, and the manufacturers would
hare just right to complain of the economy of the arrange.
torn's, if it were adopted. There was another point upon
elt:ch he was also desirous of obtaining information, and
that was; whether it was intended to derive the Peeresses
of their usual procession on such occasions from Westmin-
ster Abbey ?
Earl GREY replied, that homage and all the other are.
monies were intended to be performed, as on the occasion of
the etwoustion of George 111.
Ton Marquis of LONDONDERRY thought that the
country would be put to no expense by requiring all the
Peen beo !teenage in person. It would, however, be us.
kind to deprive the Peeresses of their procession, and he
hoped his Majesty would alter bis mind, sod announce that
the procession of the Peeresses was not to be omitted.
The Committee on the Agricultural Labourers' Bill.
and also upon the Lunatic Bill, were postponed until Moo.
day next.

1
i
1.1.
11',
I'4 i
•. • .
; r
1.
{ 6 il
P. 'il r: ! h
t i
