LATER ACCOUNTS.

By the Sweuew, of IS guns, which left Corunna
so late as the sth inst. and arrived at Plymouth on
Monday, dispatches have been received by Govem-
mein, which are understood to be highly satisfactory.
The SWALLOW left at Corunna the ToNANT, of 84
guns; DEFENCE, 74; GIBRALTAR, 84; the AMAZON
and DRYAD frigates.
A grand illumination took place at Corunaa on the
Ist instant, in consequence of a report which had
reached that place, and received general credit, that''
a battle had been fought near Madrid, in which the
French lost between twenty and thirty thousand men.
Whether the report of the battle near Madrid
is to be relied on, we cannot determine ; but
it is stated with great confidence, that Marshal BES-
=RES, having been closely pressed by the Patriots,
has been obliged to retreat with his whole army from
Leon, to Burgos.
It was reported at Corunna that King JOSEPH had
already begun to find his residence at Madrid uncom-
fortable, and that he was preparing to leave it.
A letter from Madrid, dated the 27th July, after
stating the surrender of DUPONT, says,

" General MONCEY, who was in Valencia with
13,000 men, has returned hither with the small re-
mains of his army. The Arrogonese are defending
themselves with the utmost bravery against the at-
tacks of the French.

" The troops of Valencia, which, it is said, are
coming to besiege this city, and rescue it from slavery'
amount to about 45,000 men ; those of Andalusia to'
50,000; those of Estramadura to 20,000; and of
Murcia to 20,000 also. Part of them have already
arrived within eight or nine leagues of this city. The
populace are in a state of ferment."

Yesterday a Cabinet Council was held at the Fo-
reign Office. The following Members assisted at the
deliberations which lasted from two till five o'clock :
—the Duke of PORTLAND, Mr. CANNING, Lords
HAWICESBURY and CASTLEREAGH, the CHANCELLOR of
the EXCHEQUER, Lord MULGRAVE. the Earl of CHAT-
IIAM, and Earl BATHURST. Mr. MERRY had an au-
dience of the Council.
The last arrivals at Cheltenham are—
Lords Dorchester and Suffolk ; Sirs W. Brahazon, Hugh Owen.
Edward Swynge, Lieutenant-Colonels Balfour, Huskisson, and
Syrnes and Lady; Majors Higgins and Jordan; Mr. and Mrs.
Addison, E. White; Messrs. Ashwell, Battenbury, Bridges, Carle-
ton, Cloves, Collier, Currey, Darby, Hill, I.inch, Lister, Little,
Metcalf, Milne, Mitchelson, Murdock, Parry, Pouting, Pullen,
Simpson, Startin, Strickland, Swan, Walsh, White, and Winter ;
Mrs. Bayntun, Morgan, &c. bee.
The Spanish Chapel in Manchester•squre is fitting
up against Monday next, for the performance of a
Te Dam, to celebrate the late glorious victory obtained
by the Patriots.
The arrival of the Queen of FRANCE and the
Duchess of ANGOULESME, in this country, is expected
by Louis XVIII. before the end of the present month.
MANIA JOSEPHA LOUISA, the expatriated Queen of
France, is somewhat more than two years older than
her husband. She was the eldest daughter of the late
King of Satdinia, VIC'roR AMADEUS 111. by a daughter
of Pomp V. King of Spain. Her younger sister
married the Count d'Aarois ; but neither of these
Princesses was ever distinguished by personal beauty.
Madame Royale, Duchess cPANGOULESSIE, who ac-
companies her, must always deeply interest, from the
circumstances of her birth, imprisonment; and mis-
fortunes, every mind of sensibility. She is now near
thirty years of age, by no means handsomt, nor en-
dowed with any extraordinary talents, but she is ami-
able, virtuous, benevolent, and inclined to devotion.
Though she has been married above nine years to the
Duke of ANoortcsmE, her cousin, she has never given
an heir to the throne once occupied by her father ; nor
is such an event considered as probable to happen, at
any future time, by the family of BOURDON. Her suf-
, ferings, while confined with her father and mother, in
the Temple at Paris, during the years 1792 andl799,
were such as to undermine, if not to detroy, the
strength of her constitution. Even her intellectual
powers were impaired or enfeebled by those scenes, at
the bare recollection of which humanity shudders.
Louis XVIII. does not remove from Gosfield to
his new residence, near Aylesbury, in Buckingham-
shire, before the approaching month of November.
The house and gardens, for which he is to pay £550
per annum, are commodious and pleasant; but the
former is hardly half furnished. Louts XVIII. is
the first titular King of France who has set foot in
this country since the year 1364, when JOHN, taken
prisoner by the BLACK PRINCE, at the battle of Poic-
tiers, in 1:356, died in London, at :he Palace of the
Savoy, in the Strand.

ARMY.
.-•-- , ,
ii Saturday Moining the drZft freth the three regi-i
Illants of Guardi marched froth Linidon for Deal atid
eitatham; to join the brigade of Guards at .those
*mots, which are now daily expected to embark, the
**imports for their reeepdonbeing ne*tly all collected.
Those for the brigade fkom Cha.- M at the Nor*, to
'eh the troops are td be touveYed id sniall draft i
dime for the brigade from Deal in the Downs, to be
in readiness to proceed to Ranisgate harbour; where
that brigade is to be embarked.
The 51st R 'egithent marched froth Hilsea Barracks,
est Monday, to Chi Chester, to wait until transports are
ready for them to embark for Spain. .
The East Kent Regiment of Militia has Marched
from Bexhill to Winchelsea barracks, Sussex.
pit

THE

...

k

, . 1,

Upwards of 150 of the York Volunteers haft' Va..
lunteered into the Local Militia.

Eleven Officers, ten serjeants, five corporals, four
drummers, and 129 privates, in the Doncastcr
Vo-
lunteers, making a total of 159, have volunteered.
The whole of the Officers, Non-commissioned Of-
ficers, and 897 privates of the Halifax regiment of'
Volunteer Infantry, have offered their services as
Local Militia. The Officers, and upwards of '709
.of the privates of Colonel SYLVPSTER'S regithent of
Manchester Volunteers, have also offered their ser-
vices for Local Militia.

The Workington Volunteers, commanded by J.
C. CURWEN, Esq. have volunteered to a maa.

The Nottinghamshire Militia have volunteered tor
Spain.

The fine body of Volunteers, called the Craven
Legion, under the command of that veteran Com-
mander, Colonel Lord ItiaßLEsuALE,have volunteered
to serve in the Lord Militia.

Last week two Companies of the German Legion
(Light Dragoons) marched into Maidstone Barracks.
The volunteering from the Irish Militia into the
Line will commence about the 15th instant. It is
concluded, from most of these reg'••ents having al-
ready expressed an ardent desire to be employed on
foreign service, particularly in favour of the Spa:-
niards, that the quota to be given froth each will be
filled up in the course of a few hours.

The Haddington battalion of Volunteet Infantry,
commanded by the Right Hon. Lord SINCLAIR, have
made an offer of their service (to become Local Mi-
litia)-to the Earl of HADDINGTON, Lord Lieutenant
of the county.
We have already stated, that DuroxT, in order to
prevent the Spaniards fromottacking him, had placed
a number of priests, women, and children, whom he
had made prisoners, in the front of his army. Before
the battle of Baylen, they were however set at libefty,
in consequence of a message from General CASTAXOS,
who informed DUPONT, that painful as the task must
be, he would do his duty to his country, and attack
him ; but that if the innocent blood of those persons
was ed, he would take ample vengeance on the
French, for he would give no quarter.

A General Court Martial was held on Monday, nt
the Royal Marine Barracks, on Captain LAWSON, of
the Royal Marines, at his own request, which termi-
nated in a few'hours. The result is not yet known.
KING OF SWEDEN AND SIR JOHN MoollE.—The gal-
lant British Officer, who was painfully compelled to
withdraw the expedition destined under his command
for the aid of Sweden, has fully satisfied his own
Sovereign that his conduct on this extraordinary oc-
casion was strictly conformable to his instructions.
Our Government are not disposed, we believe, any
longer to conceal the principal circumstances of this
extraordinary misunderstanding, which, from Sir Join.:
Mooftes statement, are understood to be briefly these :
That having announced to his Swedish Majesty, at
Stockholm, the arrival of his force off Gottenburgh,'
he received orders to land his army, and proceed
without delay to storm the impregnable fortress of
Sweaburgh. Sir JOHN knowing that he could not
obey these orders consistently with his instructions
from England,immediately set off post for Stockholm,
accompanied by his Deputy Adjutant General, and
being admitted to an audience,he stated to his Swedish
Majesty the extent of the instructions which he had
received from his own . Government ; these, it is
now understood, were limited to a co-operative inva-
sion of Norway, or defence of Finland. The King,
not satisfied with this explanation, demanded an im-
mediate obedience to his own orders : this, the British
General said, he found it his painful duty to decline :
his Majesty, turning instantly upon his heel, withdrew,
with apparent indignation, to an adjoining apartment.
Sir JOHN, after waiting a short time, returned also to
his hotel, where he had scarcely been seated, when a
Swedish Aid-du-Camp attended him, and informed
him, " that it was his Majesty's pleasure that he, Sir
" JOHN, SlIOUld considerhimself as confined to his apart-
ment in Stockhom, until the King of Great Britain's
" sentiments should be further known, and received
" by his Swedish Majesty on this subject, and
" for which one of the King's Messengers had been
" instantly dispatched to England !" Under this ex-
traordinary arrest Sir JOHN MOORE remained nearly
a week, when, recollecting the temper and character
of the authority he had to contend with, he contrived,
with his Adjutant General, to effect a secret retreat
in the night from Stockholm, travelling with such ra-
pidity as to reach Gottenburgh, distant nearly 400
miles, in less than 50 hours, when, re-embarking on
board his fleet, he instantly ordered it under weigh for
England, having previously stopped one month's sub-
sidy, which, was about to be landed.
The above will. be found a pretty correct statement
of this strange misunderstanding, and to demonstrate,
that, whatever may be its political issue, Sir JOHN
MOORE acted throughout this unpleasant affair with
a firmness and discretion in all respects becoming the
character of a British Cqmmander.

A poor woman applied last week to the Overseers
of a parish in the City for relief, and among other
particulars stated, that she had had seventeen chil-
dren.—" What was your husband, good woman ?"
" He was a labouring man, Sir."
Mrs. JANET RICHARDSON, who lately died at An-
nan, ac the age of 78 years, practised 59 as a midwife,
and in the course of that time ushered into the world
upwards of 1500 children.
Yesterday the Lord Mayor ordered the price of
bread to be continued at Ind. the quartern loaf of
wheaten, and 10.1 d. lwusehold.

liAbiid4L • lAITELLIG.Ekci.

TORII" AUGUST a.
Last eviais4 itrified his Majesty's skip. PHICAMIA,
Capt. If. taustiar, iiith about 17 sail of ships from
'Portsmouth, bound to Halifax, Newfoundland, and
Quebec, put in by contrary winds.—Now in Torbay,
with the above ships, his Istriesty's ships Hitrisatuunt
and LORD COCHRANE-brig.
PLYMOUTH, AUGUST a. '
Came in the guyatow, (118 guns, from Coranna,
which place she -left the sth instant. She has cap-
:
tore d and brought in with her the 14414 Augusta,
French three-masted schoOner, laden with coffee, oot-
ton, cocoa,. isugar, and hides, from Martinique for
Bourdeanx, which she captured esihesl'oyage from
briets..th Comma: Also came la, the FAVOURITE
cutter, from the Channel fleet. Ttii Cititno ItiA, of
no guns; was commissioned this day, and the Vl=
In PARIS'S crew turned over to hc... The latter trent
up Hamoaze this morning.
PRTSMOUTH, AUGUST 9.
Sailed his Majesty's ships Eustrimcr., DEcAnr,
• FYLLA, and PRIMROSE, with a fleet of transports, un-
der convoy, for Portugal ; also the Clarkson, Srz.
PHENSON, for the Brazils.—Wind N. W.
CHATHAM, AUGUST 7.
Yesterday the DEFENCE was put out of dock; the
Imogene, a Danish yacht, was taken in, in her stead,
for the purpose of taking off 'her body, being a'•very
fast sailer; the draughtsmen were employed this day
Ifor that purpose ; she will be put out of dock again
I to-ntorrow, and the SCEPTRE will then be taken in.
The Opossum, a new vessel, was taken into the Basoo
on Friday, coppered, and put out again the same tide.
The LANCASTER is brought along-side the Jetty, to
be fitted for a depot of stores to relieve the oVZRI:SIIEL.

DEAL, AUGUST 9.
Yesterday afternoon a letter of marque from Malta
landed dispatches from Gibraltar, dated the 22d of
July, and directed to the Secretary of State. Cap-
tain Htoolsom, of the 10th Regiment, who bore them,
but who is still on board, the vessel being in quaran-
tine, states, that on their leaving Gibraltar, a salute
Was fired at Algesiras, and repeated by Lord. Cot-
Lirsrowoon, which was suppOsed to be in consequence
of the surrender of DuepNT and his army ; it hav-
ing been understood that he liad proposed terms of
capitulation, to General CASTANOS, but which had
been rejected, and unconditional surrender required.
—Remain in the Downs his Majesty's ships as per
last. Sailed through the Downs the Duckenfield,
DUNBAR, for Jamaica; the Peter, JULIAN, and the
Helena, BRINE, for Cadiz.—Wind N. E. •
ABERDEEN, AUGUST 6. • •
Yesterday arrived here, the Gibraltar, GIBBON,
from St. John's, New Brunswick, after a passage of
forty days. The Gibraltar sailed with the Sprightly,
NAIRN, of and for this place, but parted company im-
mediately after ; left loading the Vine of Peterhead,
Flora of Montrose, and Favourite of Peterhead, for
this port ; Eliza, for Leith ; and Juno, MAIN., of and
for Aberdeen, the first of which was expected to be
ready for sea in two or- three days, the others in the
course of a week or ten days. ale' Eliza- Swan,
Youxo, is arrived at Montrose, from the Greenland
seas, a full ship, having 30 fish, producing 180 tons
of oil. Last night passed this place, the following
Hull ships from Davis' Straits : the Gardiner and
'.Joseph, 18 fish ; Brothers 15, Thomas.l4, Leviathan
11, Elizabeth said to have 10 or 12. Them Leith
ships were in company, viz. the Riith, success un-
known ; William and Ann, 7 fish ; and another ship
said to have five.

FROM LLOYD'S LIST.
rInAVzsleND, Auo. 9.—Pasied by the Trafficker, 'Bell, from
Limerick; Jonah, Cummings, from Jamaica; 'anima, Gibbon,
from Dublin ; Penelope, White, and Crescent, Agnew, from
rinam.—Sailed the Ranger, Hall, for Quebec ; and the Mar .
Smith, for Cadiz.
The Penelope, White, arrived in the Downs from Sari ant
parted from the general convey on the 26th ult. in lat. 47. 42.
long. 37. 2. and left 138 sail ; among which are :—Tbe Greiti".la,
Richardson ; Mersey, Mason ; Princess Amelia, Dickenson
King George, Cotter ; Union, Brown; Grenville Bay, Man ;
London, Bower ; Albion, Linklator ; Grant, Smith ; Alligator,
Grainger ; Fortitude Holman; Orion, Ross ; Recovery, Alex-
ander; Cygnet, Smith; Julius, Hawthorn ; Fanny, Smith ;
Anna,M'Askill; Harriot,Borrow daile ; Steadfast, Sands ; Trusty,
White ; Edward, Powell ; Racehorse, Scaife ; Mary, Banner-
man , • Hope, Gibbon ; Bristol, Valentine ; atui the Nestor, Rich-

The Aneas, Baptista, from St Salvador for London, was spoken.
with in lat. 41.10. N. long. 30. W. out 47 days : all well.
The Robert, Clark, was totally lost on the ititk of June, coming
out of Manchionel harbour.
The Rolla, from Malta for St. Domingo, is detained by
a sloop of war, and sent for Jamaica.

A LESSON FOR BUCRS.—Yesterclay as a Buck of the
first blood and fashion was walking with a careless but
graceful air through Bond-street, and brandishing his
lounging stick at every object that presented itself in
the way, he casually touched a baker's basket, full of
Mead, which lay at a shop door : with the quickness
of lightning he was furiously attacked by the watch-
ful dog which lay beside it. The baker not being at
hand, the dog disobeyed all orders ; nor did he let go
the hold he got of the Gentleman's boot and leg, till
the former was torn to pieces, and the latter a good
deal lacerated.

An unfortunate occurrence took place on Sunday
evening, at Lansdown, near Bath. It has been long
a custom on the Sunday preceding Lansdown Fair,
for the young people to assemble on the Down, and
amuse themselves with the usual sports and pastimes
of what they term Lansdown Revels ' • but the present
High Constable for the Hundred of Bath Forum,
Mr.DUNCAN CAMPBELL, was fully determined to sup-
press all tumultuous and pugilistic proceedings. Un-
happily something occurred that occasioned his inter-
ference, and meeting with resistance, he at last had
recourse to a pisol, and shot a man of the name of
Strong in the abdomen. The poor fellow is not yet
dead, hut the surgeons have no hope of his recovery ;
he lies at a house on the Down, and his brother who
was dreadfully beaten about the head, is in the same
room. Mr. Campbell with difficulty escaped the
vengeance of the mob, and surrendered himself up
to Mr. Justice WHITE, who committed him to prison.
Mr. Campbell is a man of family and fortune, and
has been particularly active in his office.

.4.554

KfiIk:KSHIRE.
At the Perks Ass, ..auae of much public in-
terest, (in which Earl Craven was Plaintiff, and Tho-
mas Prtce Belcher, of Colwell, in this county, was
Daendant) came on in the County Hall, at Abing-
do before the Sheriff, upon the execution of a writ
of inquiry of damages. •
Ile Plaintiff is the owner of a farm at Kingstone
Lisle, of which the Defendant had been tenant for
21 years, at a low rent, under no lease or written
'ag•-eement, but tinter apromise of a lease, said by the
De ant to have been made to him by a former
steward of the Plain°, though no sivilience was
given of such a promise'; however, the-Defendant's
word was taken, and he was allowed to hole{ the farm
for the time at the rent he said he was promised.—
&Sore Michaelmas, 1807, the Plaintiff gave the De-
fendant notice to quit- at Lady-day, 1808. About
Christmas the Defendant made application to the
Pi tinti i t-) continue tenant at doable rent, but his
offer was rejected.
Mr. Dauscev, assisted by Mr. Assort, orened
the Plaintiff's case.
It was given in evidence, that soon after Christ-
m is, after tne Plaintiff had positively refined to con-
tinue the Defendant as his teltant, he shrouded 95
maiden elm trees, though he had twice had notice not
to do so—that he had permitted the fences, gates, &c.
to decay-fa-that he had cut down fourteen poplar
trees, and many laurels and shrubs, which had been
planted round the house for shelter and ornament—
had dug up the asparagus beds--overflowed the
orchard with water, and poached it with cattle—had
en: down five apple trees in the garden, and three in
the orchard, and a walnut tree near—had turned into
the orchard eight yearling calves, which he had bor-
rowed, or hired, and which completely barked twenty-
seven bearing apple and other fruit trees therein, Iran,
the ground to the branches. From the appearance of
one of the trees, which was produced in Court as a
sample of the rest, it looked as if the teeth of cattle
had nut been the only instruments which had been
used, not a morsel of the rind being left. That the
ground round a pear tree had been removed, the
roots cut, and the ground replaced—that warm wa.
ter had been poured to the roots of two beautiful vines
in the front of the house, and in one instance Mistress
Belcher poured it out of a tea kettle--athat the leaden
pipe, by which water was conveyed from a pond to
a dairy, brew-house, and yard, had been cut in two,
and stuffei! with rags—and that almost every pane of
glass in the windows had been broken, the bars forced
in, and the lead work beaten to pieces.
Mr. Serjeant WI the Defendant's eoun-
sel, admitted, that the Defendant had misconducted
himself, but addressed the Jury in mitigation of da-
mages.
Mr. Serjeant t!CLEV, the Sheriff's Assessor, sum.
:tied up the evidence in a very clear and impartial
manner. He said, that all the charges against the
Defendant had been fully proved, and that all the
injuries, except tear, had been wilfully and malici
ously done. Though the Defendant had acted so
shamefully still the Jury would not g'va vindic-
tive damages—no such damages were known in law:
they would, however, look to the grievous iniuries
the Plaintiff's estate had suffered, and would not
measure the damages too nicely. He had never
known so grows an abuse of a farm, and he trusted the
Jury would net spare the Defendant, but make him
pay to the utmost farthing.
The Jury withdrew, and shortly returned, assessing
the damages at 2171. 2s. 6d. with costs.
