TO THE GOVEhNHENTS AND PEOPI.E OF EUROPE.

Why do you continue thus opposed to each other? Can Govern.
meets do without a People, or the People without a Government ? You
have been too long divided against each other, through ignorance of your
real interests. But the time approaches, when those interests a ill be
understood ; and when you will discover, how much more beneficial
it will be, to ad in unison with, than to be opposed to each other.
The ignorance in which all parties have been involved, through the
inexperience, and consequent want of knowledge of our forefathers, is
about to be dissipated ; and measures are in which cannot fail to
render our children rational beings. It laity she adeptlesof dime measures
alone. that the eschement which has commenced in the nations of
Rurupe, ma be again allayed ; and that eider, prosperity, and happiness
can be obtained, and permanently secured.
Man has hitherto existed under a system of society, derived, alto.
gather, from imaginary notions regarding his nature and social relations ;
and the conduct of men,
es
all the earth, has. consequent!), been irra-
tional, and directly opposed to their own happiness. A knowledge of ac-
curately observed faltm. and of sciences deduced from these facts, has now
exposed the fallacy of the various imaginative notions of our forefathers,
and made known the fundamental errors,whence they have all proceeded.
It is by the entire abandonment of these errors of the imagination, that
your interests can alone be adjusted, or that you can devise means for
securing your mutual safety and permanent well being.
To ensure a prosperity that may increase from age to age, without
limitation, you possess all that is requisite ; and which will be realised
so soon as you can forego the fundamental earn which you have de.
rival from the instruction of your inexperienced predecesees.
The earth and the hymen faculties in their rude state, eve the mate.
risk from which experience is to work out permanent happiness to the
whole human race. And, by the due cultivation of each, in accordance
with the facts which experience has now disclosed, a greater degree of
happiness may be securer for the whole population of the world, than
under the present system, opposed to facts, has hitherto been enjoyed by
any portion of men. These rude materials ao wonderful in their nature,
will, now that their inherent qualities are discovered, be found ea.
phie of unlimitable improvement; and, consequently, will afford end-
less means of enjoyment.
The population ((all countries now complain of ignorance, poverty,
disunion, vice, and misery and every where, the strong oppress the
weak, to the great injury of both. But, under a right cultivation of
these rude materials, the earth may be made to yield abundantly, so
as to remove all fear of want; and the human faculties may be so cul.
tivated from infancy, that ignorance and vice shall nowhere be found,
while harmony shall pervade all the thoughts and actions of men; or,
in other words, so that truth shall supersede erne, and happiness take
the place of misery.
To obtain these advantages. however, the petty concerns, which,
I alone, now occupy your attention, and fill your minds with the most
incongruous ideas, must be abLdoned ; and an entirely new course
adopted. You are in search of happiness; each individual armed in
governing, or in forming one of the people, desires to experience the
greatest number of beneficially agreeable sensations throughout life t
an object which cannot be obtained by opposition, but is to be secured
only by the most confidential union between the governors and the
governed.
The only question now for your easoldwadoo is, to urinals bow
the iamb and the human faculties may best be cultivated, la orda to
glee the greatest mamba of beneficially agreeable sensations to all who
shall come into existence.

To erect this object, the subjects which occupy your attention, either
as governors or people, must give place to COUlliarSai4loll of a very
different character. It will then appear to you of very
little moment, by what name your Government shall be
tilir; you will discover the evils that unavoidably pea
edom any form of governmeat, yet established ; and yen
will, In consequence, abandon them all not, however, before having,
made 's temporary use of republican Institutions, under a limited mo-
narchy, as being the belt arrangement to enable you to pass from the
present ',embed condition of human suffering, to a rational state of ex-
ists and enjoyment.
No one, so soon as the fundamental errors on which the imaginative
system of our forefathers rests, shall fully be made known to the public,
will waste bia time and faculties in talking about a despotic or a repub-
lican form a government; of the rights sod advantages of this, that,
or the other church ; of any of the existing codes of law ; of the reform
of any representative body; of national income or expenditure; of the
inequality of taxation; of standing armies, or warlike navies; of
slavery, or fancied freedom; or of soy of the oppressions of the stung
over thr weak. These and a thousand other endless, and twins as
endless discussion', will have no place, whatever, in a state of society,
founded on real knowledge ; a state, in which men shall understaad the
object they have in view, and know bow to go straight forward to obtain
and to secure it in the best manner. _

It may reasonably be andeipeted, that both parties will man
see the utter folly of such proceedings as have lately taken place 11
in Paris, Brussels, and Antwerp; and admit, that there hie been sue.
dent destruction of life and property, to induce you to pause, and to in.
quire whether this waste of the most efficient means of human enjoy.
mast, be Rational, or of any possible tot:. Permit me to ask, for whose
benefit are these insane contests continued ? Ale they intended to serve
the t or future generations ? Are these the modes by which the
earth is to be made to yield the most abundandy, or by which the bu-
nion intellects and faculties are to be cultivated, themes advantageously,
fee governments and people ? Are these the means by which maim,
harmony, and affection, are to be established among mookind ? Are
that the kind of resoles which the supposed most relined and civilised
religion produces; and that too. after nearly SAO years of trial, aided
by the addition of all the real knowledge which that Mug
_period has
made known to mac ? &rely. cutely the time einem be far distant,
whew nations shall pause in this mad career, and stand still to enquire
whether they ere governed by wisdom or folly ; and whether their no.
tions and practical masons proceed from fundamental anon, or
from truths.
if you mill now imphe upon what foundation the metes which your
forefathers have heeded down to you, bee been erected, you!
will discover, that it la one made up of as much neer and
folly as it io practicable to combine ; and that the men who devised the
superstructure, were individuals possessing strong amulet *este, but
without any KIONI ON certain knowledge of their own meagre, or of the
tacts front witkh alone real linowledp, or that width is boucle' for
the practice of mankind, can be obtained. Thus hoe been produced a
complicated system, •for the purpose of funning an anifichd character
is man, and for goveroing him inappositioa to the lows of his nature.
Hence the origin of vice, and of all the pan and the prompt irrational
proceedings; hence the imbuing opposition of the people to their go.
sermon; and hence the total want of any useful knowledge among the,
statesmen of the present day, who desire to maintain, either the eihOie,,
OT /Any part of the old wera.out system of the world. We must now
look for ammo eatbe change in hunum affairs, thief' any which the
Instructors in this old system, are themselves prepared to expect; a
change, from the relition of imagination, opposed to facts, to the wall.
Bien of nature, founded solely on facts; a chant-, from the present
;Kaabce of mankind, political, eseumweial, and demestie, derived
from the religion of imaginarioa, to a entail, different practise. founded
on the religion of nature. And ibis will be a change, that will produce
a pornanent, amicable adju.tment between you, and all your!
didevences ; on oblivienof ad past wren in principles and preotice ;
and • union of ail classes ter antelisessing the gonna condition of
human society. in a awed, Is will preps. the way for the anstaseree.
meat of a rational state of human existence, superior in character to,
that held out to view, in the fanciful description of a millennium.
It is melees to egret that any of the govethaunn, nPe** of Eu. I
rope, mill sty the p of theastistection with the exhale(' order of
thinp. Wain toiem, polity, comment end demeasie wee p.
menu', or of any poet of die present irrational system. I address you,
thettfore, aM your attention to the true Pewee of die evils which
you experience. awl to the may remedy fro deem which name Woks.
whsle grim Is which you are instalveth, isopposed so the laws of
sum; the only remedy is, to tw.avrange astachsr *latent, in alolB4lDie
with all the ascertained- laws of natun.
Saco therm 11112, 1 have repsessily waned you, Is the sew pub.
lie manner, of the appearis of this attaordidiry Asap in human
gain. I explained the cause whisk rendered this change inevitable,
Is a series of Nesses, entitled " A New View of Society,"

It is now evident to all who can refl.ct accurately. and who have the
faculty of genentliring theit ideas, that the whole of the present system
of society rests on the notion that human nature has been organi:td
with the power to crease its own convictions and feelings; and that it
is from this error that almost all, if not the whole. of the vices anti nsi.
series of mankind proceed. To these panics it must also now be evi-
dent, tha' it is impracticable to prevent the thaily increase of these toile
except by Conning an entirely new organiewion of society, founded on
tile fact. which are in direct opposition to this fundamental error.
Such a change, however, cannot be reined beneficially for the ex.
'sting populatitm of Europe, but by • full and distinct understanding
of the subject by the governments and people of she leading natiot:s,
and, especially, by the inhabitants of throe countries in which there
is new a great political excitement. Nor is this a chimp.
whlcb eso be earned In a pan, only. of any one savory.
In connection with any of the old notions of the world, for the existing
Institutions have all been founded on the fundamental term which ha.
been stated, sad the whole system of governing has been to support
this error, by means of there institutions. All the laws now in Corc!.
have, in like manner, been devised to oppose nature, and to strengthen
these institutions.

It is, therefore, evident, that the change must be general, and almost
simultaneous; and, it is in consequence of knowing front experience
that this mutt be the course of events. that I now address you collec-
tively: for you have all an equal interest in promoting the peaceable
accomplishment of this great change, and In bringing about its won-
derful and salutary effects.
Many parties, through ignorance of the advantages which all mu*
derive from this revolution in the thoughts and practices of mankird,
will naturally desire to turn the attention of the population of Europe
to minor subjects, connected with some of the old erroneous notions,
the consideration of which can never permanently benefit either the go-
' vetnon or the governed.
On this account, and to prevent all the evil consequences which are
likely to arise from a longer continuance of this erroneous system. I ear.
neatly recommend that the Governments hold a general Congress,
and that the people in different countries convene national
assemblies, to take this subject, in all its bearings, and
with all results, filly into considered** ; my conviction being,
that the Congress and conventions would ultimately come to the
same conclusion; and secede to a general arrangement far the purpose
of changing the present institutions, founded on an error now so palpa.
ble, for others of an opposite character, founded on principles derived
from facts and in unison with nature. If government* do not effect
this high and,importaat revolution in human affairs, through the power,
and vry.h the order with which they may now accomplish it, greatly is it
to be feared that it will be brought about by a general union of the
people, who, seeing and understanding their true interests, will effect
the change without the aid of, and io opposition to, the exis-log govern.
mesa who desire to support the old. worn out, erroneous system.
I warned you, as I have previously stated, of the more distant ap.
peoach of this extraordinary change in human affairs ; and I now tell
you of its near advance, and final triumph, over every obstacle that may
be opposed to it. While the fundamental error Is allowed to exist, a
mere reform of the representative system, an improvement in poor
rates, a reduction of taxation, or the consideration of any of these petty
subjects which have so long and so uselessly employed the public mind,
will be of little, and, at most. but of temporary avail. That which is
now required, is a reform of this fundamental error, tra which all human
society los been founded; and, as a necessary consequence. an entire
rsosioloolo the whole practice of mankind.
mooktfon you may now effect, first, over the civilised, and,
alismagis, over the uncivilised world, without violence and without
dinar, and with indescribable advantage to every individual of the
Num race; for it will be a thongs in principle, from error to truth_
firers universal deception to univetwalidneerity—sod from a state of so.
elety bordering upon a pandemonium, to one in accordance with all our
rational ideas of a terrestrial pendia.
That you may now see this Important subject in Its true light, and
seeing it, set openly, with decision and with vigor, in order to diminish
into the shortest space the Intermediate and only dangerous period,
while the revolution is being effected in the public mind, is the primary
wish and most ardent desire of

Your friend and 'errant.
Bedford Square, Nov. 30, 1830. ROBERT OWEN.

LORD BROUGHAM'S FAMILY.

An account of the family of Lord Brougham has run the round of
the London Journals, copied from the Leeds losfelliperseer, which con.
sine nearly as many errors as it contains lines. Henry, Lordßrougham,
is the eldest son of a gentleman of small fortune, but ancient family
(the Chancellor had, we believe, a latent claim as heir.general to the
barony of Vales, and hence his creation by that title), in Cumberland.
His mother was the daughter of a Scotch clergymen; in the manias
of whose widow, on the Castle Hill of Edinburgh, the father of Lord
Brougham lodged when prosecuting his studies at dm University there.
Chambers, the laborious topographical historian of the Models Athens,
says that Lord Brougham was born in St. Andrew's-square, In that
city, though we have heard this disputed.
The family of the late Sir. Brougham assisted of few sots,_
Henry , John, an extensive wine-merchant in Edinburgh, who died at
Boulogne about eighteen months ago; James, the Chancery barrister,
who sat with Baron Abereromby In the last Parliament for Tregeoy,
and sits at present for Caine : and William, who is we believe, an
Equity

is noticed as suds in the Law List. Lord
Beanglimo sat first for Camelford, afterwards for Winclielaea, thee foe
Kftweaborough, and lastly for Yorkshire. It la an instructive example
it the working of our admirable system of representation, that up to the
18th of last October, Henry Brougham, the greatest orator and SUM.
man that perhaps ever enlightened Parliament, was indebted for his
oat to the patronage of a borough.bolding Peer.
1' In 111P2, he contested Liverpool with Mr. Canning, and failed ; is the
same year he was nominated, as we have elsewhere noticed, for the
Inverkeithing district of boroughs, and failed there ales. In 1818 he
gemmed Westmoreland, where his family have been settled foe the
List sixty or seventy years, with the Lowther, ; and again in 1888,
but unsuccessfully in both instances. Lend Brou3hav was origi.
ginally a Scotch barrister, and practised for some time in the au.
Fem. Court there. It was while at the Szotch bar that. in eon.
attenne with the late Mr. Francis Homer, and Mr. Jeffrey be
planned and established the celebrated Iftfinbioree Review. or
erhich be was far many years a mom able and constant supporter.—
Lord Broutlai: married. in 1818, Mary Anne, relict of Jolts
I,olldinf, • a Holtne, Gallowayshire ; by whom we
believe he has two children, a boy and a girl. lady Brougham's
maiden name is Wen : she is a near kinswoman of the Auckland and
Henley families. At her marriage with Mr. Spalding, in 1808, she
was accounted an extremely beautiful young woman, and she was still
pommeled of great personal charms at the period of her second union.
lady Ht•lll'en had by her formes marriage a von. who inherit. hie
father's estate, and is an officer in the army, and a daughter. lady
Brougham brought no property to bet husband, but her pintme of
15001. a•year. and the house, No. 1, is Mil-street, Berk. ley--cosnla
Bev /ladyship has been in a very delicate state of health ever
Niece the birth of her youngest child A great deal of initiate.
eeption prevails en the subject of *And Brougbana's seat in
ll tstininelanit It is neither • hereditary nor a family man.
lion. It was the property of a gentleman named Bird, from wtioni its
Wien the etymons, purchased it ; and it was migissily, and is YIN
knows by the away pm* by the saner the Bird's Neat.
staHail is a dds that it has borne for but a kw yesew
sinthe road between Kendal and Psarith, about a mile and a
Mil hem the loser t its nay dittiactlea le the Ise view hem the laws
in foot of oho home. TM Am ad euis—Aboyobem Cassie. obit* it
often coolostalsd with Lard .0 Nei new ito WPo*
sentsa, or of his family lit
_n_Ay le the Yossri_pstus,
sad he. ismeatiel, timuste the Mare asti Wises. to the gag of
Thasst. who is its mom master. load Itiongbam Is, wo Who%
about thy years of sr.

An old inhabitant of the boroagh was exatnised, to show that all
hottseh4ders within the town had the privilege of grastng their cs.rla
no the common, and of sending their children to the free school. Fran
thr charter produced. it appeared that the sheet privileges and the fran-
chise were conferred on the same deteription of persons.
The case being here closed on beinth of the petitioners, Mr. Sergeant
51 EREWISTHER summed up the evidence at considerable length, and
the (unit. r consideration of the subject we. atij .used until Monday.

Nov. 21).—The committee met this morning at ten o'clock, when
lir. Adam addressed them on behalf of the sitting members; after sant:
preliminary observation; he said that The same question which they
had new to decide upon was before a committee of the Nouse in 1827.
when it was determined, without hearing any evidence, but merely from
what appeared on the face of the journals, that the decision of 1717 was
conclusive of the subject, and that none but those who had been duly
admitted burgesses were entitled to vote at elections. There was no evi.
dence to show that the tight of election furl ever been exercised by the
inhabitants at loge ; and be would satisfy the committee that that psi.
vdege had been exercised by those only who had been admitted into
the Corporation from the lath of Elisabeth down to the present period.
It was denied on the other aide that there was a Corporation, as no
• charter, showing that they were a corporate body could be produced.
But 6:contended that the feet of their using a common real, was a
strong, though not a cogent. proof of their being a Corporation. Not.
withstanding what had been said in the other side, lie (Mr. Adam)
would show the Com ' ee that this Corporation had a charter granted
by King John ; but, even if they had nu such curter, he maintained
that the Committee should presume that they were a Corporatioo by
prescription, front the fact of their having acted in a corporate capacity
for two centuries. The Learned Counsel was prucee ling to cite
authorities to show that a charter might be presumed from tang and
uninterrupted usage, though it might n.it be tortoooqiing. when he was
interrupted by

Sir JUNK WROTTESLIT, who observed that, if they could produce
a charter granted b► King John, it would be uselev, to wave the time
of the Committee lit arguing about a prescriptive right. It you have a
charter, observed the Hon Birohet, my illegal bead can't am why you
should labour to found your right on usage.

Mr. ADAK—But your illegal head may not see that what I shall pro.
duce is a charter, and, lest you might err, by thinking that it is not a
chatter, I will endeavour to convince you that a charter is not necessary
in order to estabLab the tight for which l con tend. The learned coun-
sel, after some further observations in support of a right by prescription,
read extracts from the charter of John, among which were these words :
" We grant unto the borough of Marlboedugh and all burgesses and
men of said borough, exemption from toll." It had Itten contended on
the other side that the word " men" implied all the inhabitants, but
the same sued was tried in the charters of Portsmouth, Lotdon, and
Liverpool ; and the Court of King's Bench had decided respocting eact
of those places severally, that none but freemen who paid scot And lot
were entitled to an exemption fro.o toll.
Sir Joint WROTTEILET wished to know how Mr. AdAtis txtuld re.
'emelt this? According to the laws of the Corporation, there should
always be a Mayor, two Justices, and bye Aldermen. Yet it apputrA
that at some periods the entire number of the t:L.rporation did nut ex-
ceed six.
Mr. ADAM could not account for it.

The Learned Counsel having concluded an addreta which occupied
three hours, several ancient documents and extracts horn the Co •poration
books ware put in in poppet of his position.
The Chawhetlain of the borough was then examined, who depoved
that the Corporation had 110 acres of land, which they let out to tenants,
from whom they received the rent, and that there were about Ho acres
snore of common lands, op which every. boosobolder had a right to send
two cows to graze.
, .
The further consideration of the subject was adjourned at.four o'clock
until to-morrow (this day.)

The ('ornmittee met this moraing s• ten o'clock, sad having deli.
berated for an hour on the quesiion which haul hewn before theta an the
previous day, they decided that they were cm eluded by the decision of..
the Committee in 17113, and that it was not competent to the petitioners
to produce evidence to show that the right of election was v.stid in the
inhabitants at large.

Mr. POL Lova obrorred that, after that determination, he hid no pros.
pat of establishing a majority of legal votes for the itunti,thers ; be,
thereture, should not trouble the Committee any further on the .übjeet.
but leave the ease entirely in their own hands.

Mr. HAIIRISOX, Wife amoral on behalf of the sitting Menibets,
proposed to produce evidence to satisfy the Commiuee of thy pmpritty
of s Willing one of the petitioners with the costs. He was pre' aed to
prove that Col. Seal had been informed by Counsel, before he had peti.
dosed, that the decision of 170 was conclusive of the right of electioh,
and that he said " he would at least vex them, and run down the snin g
Members with cootie

Ili. Pot.t.ocn objected to such a course. It was not compe.ent
the Committee to admit any extraneous matter, or refer w any g,
except what was on the face of the proceedings which had taken plac.•
before them, in order to affect any of the ponies with costa. Surely.
after the decision respecting the Port of Rye. it °mkt an be denied that
there were reasonable grounds for the petition in this cacm
Mr. *Janssens replied. The room was then cleated and the coin.
naittee decided against lie. Harrison's proposition. The are being
then closed on both sides, the room was again cleared. and the Com-
mittee same to the followieg resrolutions—" That John Bastard and
Arthur Holdsworth. &qrs. were duly elected to serve in Parliament for
the botough pf Alarlberosgh—That neither the petition against their
rouses, nor the opposition to the petition, was frivolous or vexatious."

Col. Sam. begged Se my a few words with versence to the charge
made against him by MIMIC' forth, pet)tioaen.

The Chairman thomOt it would be highly inconvenient to heat any
hawker obeeevatios, Ate the decision which the committee had cents to.
Cal. Sam. denied, in positive terns, having used the words imputed
to him ; he hung back the chaste in the teeth of those from whom it
had emanated.

RUISIA is 1812.

The Emperor Napoleon quits Paris; he repairs into Germany,
whither he is followed by the maims looks of twenty nations. The
fleshy of two Powers which lord it over the Ointment, a rieality sprung
in both fr tot excess of ambition, has held for fifteen years Europe atten-
tive to their %lighten modems. Russia ass its prodigious Inatome to
the duplicity of its polities, and to the cruelty of ha military tactics,
much more then to all the circumstances of the petty diplomacy, or to
the ritiailve merit of the savereigast and wanton Is resents. The Ration
is posisemed of that inflexible pride whichls the characteristic of. state
of barbarity. She thinks herself inviacihW because she has subjugated
Tana, hordes, enslaved Asiatic tribes, repulsed the Turbo bile kw
ferocious than herself, and neutralized the resistance of Plod, by cx.
citing aid noorishiag there, with perfidy, the creelkst disoesdans. The
superstition bequeathed with the lower empire to the Rw.ias park, by
depraving the bearably they hold from their Serbian iadeces
them to despise as well as hate foreign nations, and Rives= • horrid
resemblanee to that Hebrew people. who said they were test by Noe to
exterminate all those who did not descend from Abraham. Moscow is
saluted with the name of the New Jettoutleas ; the rem is bailed a
Messiah; this rare elect excepted, there exists but Aneakeites, urea
whom the exierminsting intrusted to the holy tribe, mins an.
twasingly strike. Theme are le only ideas amorded to this people
alarm

The astonishment excited by the redden amelOoti of this glpitiossue
aspire, of this Issettred.handol lirlareur, awl the eternal 'auntiesd us
osissnla, pee to Joe 3loserivise mops a repatatios fee latriacillensss,
which only began to dimini.h at the time *I the sindraithil cornpalge of
disk gnat thswarrovi : Mesmer canspletely besting Kersake. mgr.
1791) Jed array eltc piettiar tie nation, of tie Wert laboured vinesr.
who woo maim the Ru4shos et.o below the Ansiriona, se seeing thee
at Aimee** the science owl brestcy of die Risedins esuristell ashy in
be Adams dig .pot city ow& One thing ores wish* s West
Is se bare species* enough to onneme toe Peron suseetkily ese.
dismal 'Their soinity is going to declare itself a knoth flue ie-day.
• Illeth), sad the iamb of these me Wiesen WI Ago di
},mope
spess its feeadadoish—lieuessaahlafilh

Til E EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 30.

Si. ANIMA DAT....HOUNT AT in. Bss.

This day the Russian Minister, 'Prince LiavEw, paid
his first •isit to Lord PALMZRSTON, all Minister for Foreign
Affairs, at his office in Downing-street.

His Royal Highness the Duke of Susszx has this
day been elected President of the Royal Society.

The work of destruction, begun and continued by
incendiaries, is daily approaching nearer to the metropolis.
At Preston, near Harrow-on-the-Hill, three bean-ricks were
burnt down this morning.

The subject, above all others, on which the public would
be most sensitive, and which would be considered of para-
mount importance to the nation, were it not that the decided
declarations of his MAJESTY'S late and present Ministers
have tended to repress apprehension, is the warlike prepara-
tions on the continent. We can only attribute to the pre-
dominance of the opinion, that this country. is exempt from
the contingencies of foreign politics, that ao little at-
tention was paid to the information, which was daily
communicated to our readers, since the commencement, al-
most of last week, of what is now corroborated by the con-
current testimony, of both French and German journals.
In several parts of this paper, both in our intelligence
exclusive, and not exclusive, our readers will peruse the
details of military preparations in progreu in France, Rus-
sia, Prussia, and Germany. The fact, therefore, is no longer
subject of doubt.—ln addition to what he will there find, we
have just received information from Frankfort, that the Ger-
man Confederation, at the instigation, probably of the King of
HOLLAND, has resolved to occupy immediately, with troops,
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ; and the resolution of the
Diet to this effect,was passed unanimously. The French paper,
Le Temps, received by express this morning, snakes the fol-
lowing remark which, with the passage we have given in
another part from Le Constitutionnel, will, we are sure, be
read with interest. " Can any one suppose," says Le
Temps, " that in the presence of these warlike facts, and

in the presence of a Russian army, ready to exe-
cute the decision of the Diet of the Confederation, that
the French Government would not take such measures,
as to cause her non-intervention to be respected ?" To

prove that such absurd inattention to what is passing
is not contemplated by the French government, we need
only direct our Readers' notice to the details in this paper,
of the exertions made by Marshal SOVLT ; and the fact
that an order has been issued fur all officers in Paris, to join
their respective corps.
It will be seen, that a Deputy had arrived at Paris from

Belgium ; but the exact object of the mission had not, at
the last date from France, transpired. It is evident, however,
that the mission is one of importance ; fur an unimportant
one at this juncture could not be despatched from that
quarter.

As we have before said, it is difficult to bring the mind
to credit, that the great Continental Powers, really meditate
an attack un the lately liberated Countries ; for that would
be inevitably inviting the destructive entrance of the very
evil they would wish to repress. As far as is practicable
with the preservation of our independence, as a Nation,
we are, both on the assurance of our Government, and as
a deduction from the financial situation in which we are at

present labouring., very certain that perfect non-iutervention

—even should the continental powe-s be once more seised with
a crusading spirit—will be the stubborn policy of this coun-
try. Were the Government of France—once strong enough
to act independent of the temporary popular sentiment of
the people, which we conceive, it can scarcely be deemed—
we should likewise not feel much apprehension for the
peace of France ; as we make no doubt of the sincerely pru-
dent intentions of its Government. But it was sententiously

remarked, in a French Journal quoted lately by ua, " The
French have lees to fear from foreign war, than from their
own pensions." The crown of Belgium, if offered to a
Mach Prince, may be rejected: but will the French
people see those who offered it, fall a prey to the allied
despots, sad set be animated, Minuet naiversally, to imam
them is their day of trouble !--aad wittlae French Govern-

meat, under such circumstances, be adequately independent
of popular excitement, not to be influenced a little in
its policy ? If the French army is placed on the fron-
tier, we conceive' the collision of interests is almost im-
possible to be avoided; and if a war takes place on the Con-
tinent, when will it terminate ? What interests will it in-
volve ? How will it metamorphose, once more, the political
relations of all Europe? We have frequently alluded to the
incomplete acknowledgment of France by Russia ; and we
see it is mentioned to-day brour correspondent at Paris.
In the House of Lords last night, a conversation took
place of a desultory, but an interesting nature, on the state
of the country : it was introduced by Lord NV TN 1,0 IID, who
having risen to give notice of a Bill, to diminish the ex-
pense of legal proceedings, took occasion to ask of
his MAJESTIC' Ministers, whether any particular in-
quiry into the distress of the country was to
be instituted, or whether it was intended to confer any
additional power on the local Magistracy ? Lord GREY
replied, that enquiry into the disturbed state of the Country
was proceeding. and should he continued ; but his MA.
JE,Tr's Ministers did not contemplate the institution of any
Parliamentary enquiry ; nor had they yet formed any
determination to extend the power of the Magistracy. The
LORD CHANCELLOR followed, explanatory of the same
views ; and added some remarks about the appointment of
Magistrates; which called up Lord ELDON, who reminded
the Learned Lord, that, u Chancellor, he had the appoint-
ment of the Magistracy under his controul. His Lordship
then made some remarks,very creditable to his sense of justice,
pointing out how necessary it was to convey throughout the
country, a correct notion of the law, on the crimes com-
mitted. Ile stated, on the authority of a private letter, re-
ceived in the morning, that one of the county jails was full
of prisoners—not natives of this country ! The Loan
CHANCELLOR acknowledged the justice of Lord ELDON./
remarks, respecting the appointment of the Magis-
tracy ; and took occasion to give notice, that on Thursday,
he would introduce a bill for the establishment of local
Courts of Justice. Lord MELsonanz made some useful
observations on the power vested in Magistrates ; and threw
discredit on the statement made by Lord ELDON, of
foreigners being implicated in the late atrocious attacks on
property. Lord FALMOUTH seemed to attach some credit
to the report which had reached the Learned Lord,
of foreigners having been the actors in these disturb-
ances ; and recommended some extraordinary measure, as
suited to the present alarming times. The Duke of WIL-
LittoTolt informed the House, that up to the time when the
late Administration had lift office, notwithstanding every
exertion, no discovery had been made, as to the origin of
the outrages which are to be so much deplored ; and the
Noble Duke likewise discredited all idea of foreigners being im-
plicated in them. Neither did Lord Wits ctr tLs EA attach any
weight to the reports which bad been conveyed to Lord &non ;
and he took this occasion to express his entire satisfaction
with the speech which lard GREY bad pronounced upon his
appointment to office—particularly as regarded retrenchment
and reform. Lord Wy Nro R D closed the conversation, by
stating his intention to move for a Committee to inquire into
the subject on Thursday. The business in the House was
concluded by Lord &imam; n Y bringing forward his motion
for a minute inquiry into the Poor Laws ; upon the glaring
defects of which, he made several very apt observations.
Lord GREY assented to the propriety of such an inquiry, and
a Committee was thereupon appointed. An ample report of
these proceedings will be found in our subsequent columns.
