P-I‘CKETS FROM R.I7.4AGAIE To OSTEND.

.**47.C: 'Pak Proprietor: uf the unJerm-mi #####
east-sailing Packets beg to at.stisiut the l'ublc that
ey w iil sad regularly treat Kamsgarc to Ostend. on the days
sper.tied,htisl that they are Ones! with rs, ry accossn't,A.inois stir
Pa. tigers, I isn C./Ina::., Ste and I lope by ;heir enachiouta
se render he pleasant and agreeable to turn' ssitpurt.
he O.YINCI-Flnil, tartans J. Sill H, flail. ersry Sultday
lull rg.
'll.e kIIZALETH, Cap:ala STOKES, sails every Tuesklay
Sarni%
• PKINCR WATERLGO, Captaba C. PAGE, sails erety
1 hersslay verning, •
nest Call.; Li. Is.—Fort Cab!. I Ba.—Cbilaren oaths ten
years t in.e, Half prier.
The hers not Answerable for Money, Plate. Jewels. &e. un-
le+s ski and paid for u sech, tier arciountstilc rat Loss by
Pint, or a MA, or of Navigaticrs tit ehanw.ever ^store.
lareek, Vous, Baskets, or any doh% else .aken in. o the Cabins,
herd tit I•e accounted 'or, as they are always cunsideica under
sbt iu weiliate car, of the Passengers themselves. •
Fut.ler pan velar. may be knewn f../ die Captains nn board;
at the princosl labs_r; and also at the Foreign Packet r thee,
Ida tr, 4,2tters•wrect, RaMsgates
N.::. l'assengeis ate booked and Went received at Mr.
'lentos. Ccrw-horse, St-std.—lnform:43n may also
be ba.i o Mr. I:milord. No. 136, Minurfes.
Coaches *set nut daily from the Ceffee-Rouse for
Pan...gate; also (corn the New White Hetet Cellar, l'iccadilly ;
Cohlen I. haring Cross; George sod Blue Boar, Holborn ;
li,wsoms Inn, Limon-lice lane; and Spetad Eagle, and Cross
Lem vet
rackets lesve Ramsgate f w London daily.

Fil .kL'D Pull; ENTED.
rrO Countfroct the n)l^.y attQmpts that are daily
made to bnpaote on the Dr. :vary a spurious composition in-
tim! of the Genuine Lilac ',ins proi-ared by Day and Martin, tiny
arc istea.,:ed to :Sere a new i.attvi, ha which thur &WIWI
97, High Hc.V.illn,
b ISi^cl er.r.spieuously, that !bey trust an attention to this,
and she d'fftruece of the type, which to unbkv all letter-prise,
will *raid. purebamrs at once to detest the imposition. Tbe
Ra.al Japan BLACKING, ma eby DAY and hIARTIN, f 7,
lityL Holborn, will in future ba sold to &Wes at lid. Ia sad
is. id. each, and a copy of the Label kit *lib alt Venders.
DAY AND MARTIN, 97, High Holborn.

SELEC AR FICLES FOR IHE TOILS rl'E.
A IKINSON'S AMBROSIAL SOAP is re-
commended to the fashionable world AS the most beneficial
'•141 detain article of the kind CM invenied It tAddVe4 frvek•
It.l, 'Unborn. redness, hardness, lltc. from the *kin; pro/etas
;etutppirt, and makes it luxuriously sok, white, titti even.—•
•fi'elte is. per stave, and iu Waiving Cakes sffid
3s. ed. each.
rto •• • ATKINSON'S CURLING III.Ulf&-!•:`
**store* the hair where it has tallest off from Rintitir Respire-I
14sr, change of climate, aintiety of amid, Ike • k alto frees it
front scurf,sbd makes it soft 'and sled) a, silk, and keeps it In
loirl during exercitte'M danang, walkiste. Ste or in damp wea-
ear. Convine-vg testimonies of its efficacy Irons Gentlemen who
recovered their Halt after lutvg bald let year., in an Essay nu
the Hai., enclosed round tacit bottle.—trace 35.6 d. tvs. id. and
Cue Guinea.

ATKINSON'S VEGETABLE DYE,
r:l'anges Grey or Red Heir .'u he Head or Wheskers, to an Ay-
turn or thick, so p‘rtsis..ent that neither wa,h.i,g, persptrattoo.
ter avy taller cause, coo possibly remove the etslour....l'me Ss.
and Or.e Cassia

SGlti by the Preprittor: Jas. Attinfon, Perfumer, No 49.
)4cetl, Soto square, 1:Joe, and by null Portuintr•
hair-41. esters in tlid Kingdom.
Girton . be partieihir to ask fur Arkinson's Flail, ate and
to observe Ms name and aides's, un the label, as there are mu)
imaininfeits.

-IRON Lustig y anti bisstpati so the mind becomes
stemmed, and the bodrsoon falls slimy victim. To re-'
rove the Disetden arising Irani ta.i• 'finable pieties and to restore
the debilitated toostitstioa. is the tr. Lit ot our study and asprri •
ince, tuttl we trees that thirty years ouceessful practice in filly
J. :carat inanely of put profession gives us a deet.l.d supertorsty
••str every other Practitioner. IU receiit case. ot tiyphilitte lase
lao, a perfect cure is completed in the short period of two days
:!td in those cues et a more complicated nature, where other
}petitioners have failed ot entices., a proper perseverance in our
ot treatment ensures to :Ise patient a .ound and perfect re-
inabiuhment. "lo those who are labouring under &general or
P tai Debility,it whit* consolatory to hitc*, that the Medicine,.
we prescribe posters the inestimable power of renovating the nuts,
debilitated Constitution, whet. er k arises from the indiscre-iou•
of youi h,or by a residence in hot or unbeakby climates, too widen
tiny a die, Or too dare= application co study, eicessive grief, in.
,adicious use of mercury, Ste. nr should attracted from so Wit
tut (indent, to coniumploon, these our restorative, will Vortiduce
Ow a, pest effects. in piaeeof LassituJe acd Debility, we offer
.2seisc kitali h, Strati/di, and ; and -even to the aged and
;,lan of treatni. of will afford rebid tit
!.oily amid iaiirly invigorat lug the system.
Numerous cars or Stru:tt. hire been, sod 'lke dint .N.Oir
rw care, the twat! errtlication or vels:ch is effected bee Yee; tee.
'+ini and ealitid.ious motile of liractice, superior to any Mbar ye.
art's ed , I weekrizie, relasak.on. and debility proceeding from'
lots r niplaitit air s. -eddy remevud, and the Patient :mitred to
▪ and vigoroui
Pa aua 01 either NeX may consult vs with the greatest honour
4:t:"1, and utcgory, at our house, No. to; Hatton Garden.
.Clll5 Lt the Country. de-ci 'bin their use, and eticlosiui
a Pcnuttanto tor Advice. an: Medicines, the same will be sent tt
lerir:s Of the wit:-.d. .:!:P R.lll and CO. Surgeons,
Nu. IC7, `dzr•,:tir.

Irda GS.

REPORT of the Select Committee appointed to Inquire Into
and to report to the House their ob:wrvatlcias toughing the
laws relating to the _Wolin suedes' ot lustier in, Waits, and
who were empowered to report the Minutes of the hvi.knce
taken before them—have ronsidered the matters to them
Milifffdi gait agreed to the following Report
id theiX4Otitin of Inc inquiry which tiScAllae;'
has 41SRStilil,iell to them, the Committee have esarnitt
"ed many 0 the Judges and (Miters of. the Putirts,.l
acd other persons bast acquanited with the practice
of the administration of justice in Wales.
Ot the evidence so obtained a Copy is subjoined, in
which will be found much useful information, and
sever .1 valuable suggrstions far the improvement and
regulation of the tielih Judicature.
The Committee are aware, that the present ad
-
vaned period of the Session, will not allow of any
Legislative enactment on• this subject receiving that
co..sideration which is requisite for a measure of so
much consequence.
In this opinion they are the more confirmed, as
r!,:y are persuaded that the present establishment of I
toe Welsh Judicature, notwithstanding some imper-1
mottoes, has much to recommend it, from the cheap-
ness and expedition with which it administers justice
to the inhabitants of the principality.
Some of the points whic:i appear more particularly
to call tor regulation and amendment are the follow-
ing:
t. .11e long pet lod of the year doting which recoveries cannot
be suffered; or Mies levied ; a.sti the magnitude and uncertainty
of the expense attending them.
s. he titabilay of the Courts to compel the attendance of
witnesses rrs ding without their jurisdiction.
S. The necessity of moving for a new ulal before the nme ,
Judge% within a few hour. alter they have given the naildirecs
don to the Jury, upon which the application is trended.
4. Tr. want of suCichnit security for the funds directed to be
paid into Court i that sceuray, at present, depending entiyely on
the pyrsoilal iolverity .4 the officers.
L! be ,divcrsity of practice on the different %Vale Olftli4tes
with reAppssm writs of Ceniunri,
b. pecessity of the Judges and Counsel rentaintne Astaire'
link Letedcb pfaceOt their Circuit, whether Mort may or may not
hegedisieolt business to occupy [Lim • •
atPre.s.s7.
•

Tlu rapid Sale of the Tickets in so early a period
the present Lottery is inconceivable, find can only
.rise from their very limited number, and low price,.
It is confidently anticipated by the Contractor, that
.he whole oh them will oe disposed of long before to
Day of Drawing, there being but %WO Numbers,
,y One of which an Adventurer may gain forty
h•;u:and raw

Yesterday a very nniweroas and respectable Meet-
ing took place at the City of London Tavern. fur the
tit p c ns &alit Mr. Owen's Plan far the Em-
ployment, liispiiction, and Remoralixati.in of the
Putt. Ab ,ut half-past twelve reel ck it was pro
p-sed to •ppoint some Gentleman to the Chair. Ma
jor Cartwri.eit was mentioned. and [Adis, c died for,
hut some chs ipprobation being expressed, Mr. Row
croft sulsaiitted, with deference. that it would he ad-
visable n .t to appoint any marked p.litic il character
to preside, a d not to introduce any nYilitical discus
slim in a Meeting convened for witer pure- sex.
There yens t':en a pretty general cry t! :it Mr. Row
crow h n,ss I. sh• uld take the Clair, with woich cry
Mr. Rowccoft said he would very reluctantly costs-
ply. cot-ci.itis that fr,on peculiar circumstances he
ought not to he there at ail. As, however. no change
of circumstances should ever affe,:t iris solicitude ti
promcne th” interests of tae poor, he could not cons
sist-ntly shrink from any situation in which he might
have an opro (unity or proini,t;ng treat cbject—
( Harr, hear, hear).
The Chair being taken accordingly.
Mr. Owca spoke as fullows:—it is not to grat;fy
a weak and u5i1..31 vanity that 1 ant here to-day. I
appear before you to perform a solemn and most im-
portant duty. Popularity andiuture fame T valise
not ; neither of them appe it to me of any estimation
whatever. The only personal motive that influences
• my conduct is a desire which disease anti death alone
can overcome—e.o see you, and my fellow-creatures
everywhere. in the actual enjoyment of the happiness,
which, in the wrnost profusion, Nature has prepared
fur our acceptance.
Had svi4d.ra been given to the world, it wonl.l
have peiceivvil long ago, during all the ag's which
have passed,luit this ever-sought-for boon, this girl,
beyond tpe itygliKind power of wealth to purchoe,•
:ins ever: been at the world's disposal, evert for 4.1*
least regahlosi of+ all the human bitings' what hmliti
lived. ant. in whatever profusion the :mans of hp
piness have been shed around us, ignorancs. has tei4l7l
them from our sight; enveloped them securely within
an atmosphere of the grossest emus; so dense and
well guarded from every bold adventurer, that eve')
the experience of time itself could not heretofore pene-
trate throu,;h all its shades.
'Phis dominion of thick darkness, however prot,-ct,:d
as it was by myiiaus or hydras of every appalling,
shape and aspect, has aklength been passed.
Experience laid her plans deep in former :ages, per•
severed in her ri,liteous course without fatigue, not-
giving, or one moment's relaxation, proceeded v.hile
her opponents slept, and silently c:ept on wit: i the)
were inatientive to her movements ; difficult, inzri
cote, and dangerous as was each step in adv,,nce, sh,
at length, to the astonishment and confusion of her
foes, atta,ined,tlroutwaril barriers. All the PraerS
of darkness were instantly in portentous tnov
and preparing to inflict vengeance on this au‘'.acious
life uder.

Experience. however, the parent of true wiidom
and real knowleige, therefore wise and determined
in all her measures, having till now hiJden her might
and M ijesty from her sight, suddenly displayed her
ail efficient mirror of truth, burnished to such divine
brilliancy, tha; when beheld by the whole liwa of
darkness, they shrunk astounded from its pietc'fig
light, which instantly struck them to the heart ; they
Bed, overwhelmed with despair, and are even now
rapidly hestening in every direction to gait
for ever, and leave us in the fuli enjoyment of perfect
unity, real virtue, permanent peace, and substential
happiness.
It. is, my friends, under the banners of this ,taccees-
' ful leader, Experience. That I this day wish in tini-1
you. Senor alarmed at this proposal. I shall emit
now proceed one step farther, having been pre viiirfaVe
tutored by ibis isotrring- instruvress, and I nal say,
to you, that.ou shi:s day, which will be stamped ind.-
libly on the memory of future time, y..lu shall be c.m.
tette' to join the standard of Expelienee ; and here.
alter you will be unable to swerve from your allegi•
ante to it. The rule and sway of this leader will
prove to you so just and ecoitable, that na oppret--ion
shall be known ; no cries of hunger and distiv.s snail
be heard in her streets; the prisints raised by igno-
rance and superstition shall have their doors always
open; and their initruments of punishme:a shah be
reserved as her legitimate tropqes of victory. tied a
the unerring laws of Experience you shall make such.
physical and intellectual advances, you shall all be
so well trained, instructed, and employed, usefully,
ple4santly, and advantageously, for yourselves and
l others, that no gno.ive will be left within you to de-
sert her righteous cause; nay, each of you will, err
long, rather suffer any death whatever, than be forced
for a moment from her all-attractive and evercklight•
ful service. And by thus acting, the world will
speedily be relieved from the overwhelmioa mental
slavery in which it has heretofore been held fast bound.

We will now quit the language of metaphor, and
attend closely and accurately to what facts may say ;
and they will speak a language so interesting to each,
and so important to all, that they will merit your
most fixed and earnest attention.—Listen to wh
they say of our distress and misery, and of the prac•
ticable means by which only that distress and ni;s:-ry
may be removeJ. They say—and whenever doubt's
exist they are always ready to advance proof—
That the Empire of Great Britain and Irelanlls
now in greaterasistriy, distress, and wreta.hedneas:
Ado in trility it has been known to be for centuries
past;
That whatever specious appearance of improve-
ment may at this moment exist, the real distress and'
demoralization of the country is going on, and will
rapidly proceed, until the causes which create both
s:1411 be removed, and until they shall be replaced by
zither causes of a quite oppsite nature ;
That the United Empire of Great Britain and Ire-
land never in any former period possessed such an
rCCC?S 4f selperahuldant mewls to relieve the whole

4. !'Lt brston:, euereior, and savant, crud, ttro!ast penhh-
ment, mew cecevarily
5. Ice• ditcutttemb toil.a.lectlon, sod corn? Land ••! erre:Jos
to the govvrt.i7e! puvre.v4 eot:p•quetuly
G. 1 h t while th-se Incentives to every thing vole, (liner'',
and snicked, shall be permit ed and encourag. '1 l'ty the Govern..
mem, it Is downr:ght mockery of common aen.e • o talk abets.:
rdigion, and of impitning cockhtiort and murals of the. peer
and working etas.•

7. Tt.at to ?.,R aad art thus, Is a weak and silly aittropt to
tieceue the pul.tte—tbs public is um stow dec.ived by It—a,4
tier. ai 617%11 locootistrtat and outuelioirigjargol will MN deceive
mny of my fricods, tiot angry With their pro:ssilmst,
rattier endesvL.or wiqi me to resat/ye Cot esistilme ut 14.04 ors
4.llll.tanees whikt eVOldletsdoest such perverted imeUrcts Pity
brewthus illred, them, awl du
!silent* gaud. ~ f • * •
8.-I hat, malittlit4 ofriattal Improvtatent while 0-.lse and
shittier ctrcuttaikali.A.ri Pfhititted to remain, eit.lbhs.a 131:.,1
wisdom and tor...,lte.twirklcs as to wait for toil drying tip tit tie
tmeatt, walla all be reirefil of the eon!' aria coutanually pouring
their streams sato i s waters.

9. 1 hat to fellttoOt tl t w 11,1111, stW to intoili.tt good babby
vdatldrigtelleer,.ncl permanent !lappets's., for Inge setuma-
nta.res ut poverty, VON crin r, tbisery, act.l
lab& a, mint ba ,vltlually senfirated, and divided 'mu ntata,',e
able portions, and di., ribweti over the country,
lu. Tt.at !e atnvlioroting the co,•ditlou of the :ewer
orders, slid act kokaoty gener.illy, it is absolutely rsquia:to ti,at
means should be devised to wed train, bistruc,, and albrania.
geuu4) eml Ivy, every child that shall be born among a...! wen /:,;
we Cavil.% and to grru them ad tho necessartes, mid bittnieal

afTatreslitil'S should be formed as would enstiti
the wutitiii! ela..ses t.. imam ail lb, ste blessings by their trim t*:.
hour, lenietrat. ly eaertvi uni.Lt the gowsumeut of mild and
egos:at:lr laws, tiut would admit an increase of trt:esanii, its pre.
p tttttt sn to me Itnproved mural conduct and intent coal acquire-
Hu. of the great body of the peopie.
:cr.. tbe'etvorif ts,:e and meant non' exist, to form dime
artmsements, wiihnto (mating cne prude of it.y.ry tea *MO)
imbeteust, but on ill,: eeettory, .aeb one from the ino.t t.ppte.
•c.i and degraded of the tennan rue, to the highest r•ilcr of btatea,
tbell h.l,venLlty and paw:l4loly benefited by ii.r. zbar gr.
AliJ fads 141th.,1 that the Iv..mee,
paieticed I it of the pre.: tit tirms, arc a song, WilC3
they imay,'::.e the. pauperism will be created, increased,
at.d pet pet u stet] by the plans now to be submitted to
the to, the almiitiot, of pr. verlys idleness, and
eliniv. I feel ral.ell, hAvever, really indebted to
those Genii mon t. r briuging before the public every
objscuou that acute and intelligent minds cap suEe
gest ; my wish is, 11145 the whole subject shculd be
to investigated r.n.l seruilnized, that nut one of its
uumediAte effect', or twist remote consequences,
should be hiJeleu frnor the wr.rld. // shall with:tam:
thefell blear
,r 1 kis% r;;e3( jaarer and wag kid, sr 1 saS
Air iv biotite
1 say it, Miss :vet, with a coadence, fearku of
atif oppositithi;l:::Sixtg A disiinceand Accurate know.
l , edge et all p,Ats of this extensively enathined
'Object Wore me. illat it will bear the test of this
trial that afzet each moor to which it can bi pat,
even by its most powerful oispoiers, it will be more
and more put ifit them the misconceptions of igno.
ranee;' and present, it.;rlf, al tuture ages will find it,
consistent, and cunirlstAr for all. the purposes fat
which it was deeiseds

I would here beg leave to ask these Gentk men, If
to ir.iirt a child catelully and well, bum earliest is-
tancy, be a likely means to create, increase, and per.
pet nate pattperi.tn
It to instruct a child in an accurate and correct
knowledge of facts, be a likely means to create, in-
crease, And petpei u;:te p:auprrisrn ?
It to give a child ki,►d And benevnlent dis•
positions, other good habits, and An active, cheerful
industry, be a lik ly to create, increase, and
perpetuate paupe►i..►n ?

It among wcrkirg classes, to Instruct each
male, in the crag-rice and Ivowledge of gardening,
of agrica!ture, hod in at Lune one wher trade,
manufacture, or occupation—it to instruct each fe..
male to the best n:.tho.l of treating infants and train-
ing children, in alt the usual domestic arrangements,
to make th:lrstlves ar.J others comfortable, in the
pr 4ctice :Lod ktv.wle4e nt gal dening, and in. some
one useful, light, and healthy rosnufacture—l ask,
it all or any ut these parts of the plan, be a likely
means to create, increase, and perpettrate.patsperism
If to remove the causes of ignorance, auger,
ta tiger. re-
venge, and every civil passion, be a likely means to
create, ionease,Anif Ret ate p
it to train the' wto4e population of a country. to
bra tempetatWiii*ltitiouti, and moral. be a likely
means to creatk;iqcreop.and perpetuate pauperism I
It to unite in, e'or4i4 union, and mutual co-opera-
tion, Without one feeling of distrust on the pan of
any, be a likely means to create, increase, and per-
petuate pauperism ?
It to increase the wvalth nt tie world four-fold---
perhaps ten-told—riot iorp:utthly 100 fold—be a
likely means to create, increase, and perpetuate pau-
petism
But I might..,:rocee,l Gentlemen tunny

then questions, and to which perhaps they would
aot make su ready a reply as to those now rat, one
however shall suffice.

How dr, they propose to relieve the people from
the ign-rance, sctstres-, dui inimorathy. with which
the country abounds, and which, ri• rot speedily
checked, must soon over wtolm all rani'. gene-
sal scene of confusion, disorder, and ruin ?
I know they have no reply to make, founded on
any sound practical ke.ou ledge of the sehject. I
should have been delighted beyond any thing which
I can now find language to express, to discover that
the Govem-Lenr, the Legislature. or any Parties in
the country. had possessed' the requisite knowledge
and practical experience, trS ternove the physical and
mental evils, under whik It we a:4 other nations are
now stdretiog. I. patiently and calmly, for rears;)
sought for this keowledge, among the most intelli-
gence enlightened, and experienced% of all classes,
eau and parties, in the State. I neglected no source
whetever, from whence it appeared to me possible to
derive the information required—while thousands of
my fellow creatures were most unnecessarily pining
in want, and their ottsiiring hourly wasting away
before their eyes, I anxi.iusly attended tinthe proceed-1
logs of both Committees or Patliament, to learn if
help was near. Soon, Isqwever, to my mortification,
I discovered that the knowledge and experience ne-
cessary to enable them to comprehend this subject,
in its various parts, and entire connexion, did nut in
any degree exist among them. They speedily in-
volved themselves in an heterogeneous mass of parti-
culars, admirably calculated to confound their intel-
lects, and to disappoint every hope of the,country.—
My duty now compels me to say, that were they to
proceed thus for a century, they would continue in
the d ilk, and remain incompetent to pass one ratio-
nal legislative act on this vital subject to the well-
Leine of the Empire. With such knowledge before
toe, and as distinctly before my mental vision as you
are now to wiry sight, could I remain a quiet, inactive
ooserver? Ought 1 to have held my tongue, and
been mute, in deference to unmeaning forms and
Custeros ? Nay, with the knowledge permitted me
to acquire, should I not have been the most criminal
of all human beings, if, regarding any personal con-
siderations whatever, I had not attempted to make
the still small voice of truth heard among my fellow-
men. It has gone forth, like the Jove lions the ark,
never more to return.

This truth will not rest in its progress, until it has
visited and pervaded all parts of the earth, and its
influence will dispel and destroy every pestilential
vapour, and whatever is noxious and evil ; and, my
friends, it will thus render our country, and all coun-
tries, a tit abode for 1200114 beings. But, my friends,
before this period can arrive, and I now speak to you
as a plain practical man, long and intimately ac-
quainted with the transactions of men, that you have
much to ankara—muat to karst. This change in your
proceedings, is not. cannot, be created by magic.--
It can be effected only gradually, by individual steps
correct principles being carried into actual
practice—by imperfect attempts at first, until expe-
dience shall point out that which is better and more
beneficial.
1 bare been long aware—l have so stated it some
years ago—that when you should have the new or-
der of things distinctly placed before your minds, so
Is to enable you to compare it with those which have
passed, and which exist ; you would become too in-
patient for the change, that yod would be inclined to
destroy your old habitation, before the new one could
be erected. and made ready for your reception.
To feel thus is natural ; but so to act would be
most unwise. From this day forward. I shall have
po occasion to urge you to adopt in practice the plans
proposed. Your wishes and inclinations to be in the
loyal possession of the happiness which they cannot
fail to give you and your children, to endless genera.
lions. will greatly exceed the present power of human
beings to prepare the means to put the plans intone.
menu. These considerations, however, should not
prevent us from making all the practical preparation
possible to relieve us from the existing evils and dis.
tress, and replace them with the least loss of time. by
those new circumstances, which, without a shadow of
doubt, must produce a happiness that the world has
not yet experienced ; and of which, none of you can
now form a clear and distinct estimate.
There are various modes by which the measures
now proposed can be cartied into practice ; and
Should this Meeting approve of the outlines of
the plans which I have submitted so generally to
public notice, it has next to consider, which, if any,
of the following modes deserve most commen-
dation ; or whether any other that may be prvosed,
from some other quarter, should be recommenced, it
equally good ; the adoption of the latter would please
itse infinitely more than to see any of mrown prefer-
red. You know not, my Friends. how I shall rejoice.
When you shall sink the individual, and unite him
itordially with his fellows.
The practical modes that have hitherto suggested
themselves to me, or have been mentioned to me by
others, are the hollowing :
The first plan f shall mention, and it is an admi-
rable one, has been sent to me by a Mr. James John-
son, of Chelsea. I have not tote pleasure of knowing
this Gentlemen, but whoever he is, and whatever he
may be, the letter be has seat me, aad which, u ith
your permission, I will now read, evinces a clear un-
derstanding, a sound judgment, and much ?tactical
knowledge. It is as follows :
" MR. OWEN,
" Stn6-4 have taken the liberty of addressing yon,
in conseqoence of trading your very able and judi-
'Cious Plan for the Melioration and Employment of
the Poor, which has appeared in the public papers,
and which does appear to be the best calculated for
the general happiness and prosperity of the nation
which can be possibly adopted. No doubt, like all
great undertakings, many improvements may suggest
themselves from time to time, in the course of its
ess, but none but what may be easily intioduced
js:v' trZat the slightest impediment to the original de.
sign. it wants nothing but the support and protec-
tion of Government to enable it to be the most effi-
cient nationar establishment in the kingdom. and
would be the means of drawing forth the prayers
and gratitude of the poor, and would also meet the
.'
general approbation of every good individual in the
country. It would soon change the frelingsot many
thousands of the present unhappy and discontented

class of the community into gratitude and respect to-
wards their superiors, and obedience to the laws of
the ceontry. It is distress that first produces indiffe-
t....ce, and from that, imperceptibly, time to tune, to
depravity and desperation, and then general minery
gets established throughout the country.
" Open once a pr.spect to future comfort, there
will not be found any want of patience to wait for
the enjoyment of it. My motive for addressing this
is, merely to suggest a s•mple plan for raising the
means for the accomplishment.
44 I will suppose, by way of foundation, £lOO,OOO
will be sufficient either for one establishment, or to
be divided into smaller ones, as may be deemed ex-i
pedient, the common interest upon t:.is will be £5000.1
'Chest will be but little difficulty, I should imagine, to
find one hundred Genth•mrn whir would mast wit-
•' tingly give every encouiagentent to promote any tin-1
dettakisig that Will add comfort to the Poor. We
have proof, and proof sufficient, in every benevolent
establishment throughout the kingdom, to evince
there never has been any want of liberal feeling when
it has been required.
U our hundred• persons of sufficient property will
undertake the promotion of the plan, it can easily be
acconsidisbed in this way Government will ad-
vance, in the hut instance, the s 11100,00;), and each •
of the one hundred persons to consider himself as a
kind of Truree to the Lstablishnient, subject to the
payment of an anlithil stint of £5O to Government—
this will discharge the interest. The Trustees in pro-
portion as they can, employ on the Establishment the
, present unempi .yed Poor, which will give comitle-
. rable relief to the Po ,r Rates.

44 Tile Trustees then shall have a power to receive
a reduced rate from the parishes accordingly as the
unemployed Poor get off the parish books. This
will lessen the chains upon the private property of
the Trustees upon the interest. which they have to
pay to Government. If I understand correctly, the
Establishment, ultimately, is to produce profit. If
so, the present Trustees or their Assigns, shall have
a power to discharge the original advance of the
iffluo,ooo by Government, but not to have power to
make new alterations that are once established, but
as the wisdom of Government see proper; otherwise,
for the sake of profit, it might become a kind of -spe-
culative concern. and occasion its own destruction.
It does appear strongly to my view, that Govern-
ment giving protection to it. will give it strength and
security, not to be obtained by any other means.
"The Trustees, and not Government, shall pos-
sess the power of executing the arrangements, but
not the power to alter the plan once laid down,
without the consent 'of Government. I hope this
rough outline .sill not be considered impertinent, and
I must sincerely wish every success may attend your
truly benevolent effort.
64 I am, Sir, with the highest respect,
" Your very obedient servant,
a Chelsea, August 4, tem .Inifirs Joiinton."
"this plan appears to me very unexceptionable.
Belt other modes may be asked for, and others offer
themselves...individuals possessing £lOO each, and
the means of support for one year, may unite in this
plan, and carry it most successfully into execution.
Extensive parishes, in which the poor ate numeroul,
and the annual expenditure large, may put the play
into almost immediate execution—or, several parishes,
according to their number of poor and annual raven
diture, may noise under the Gilbert Act. and carry
the plan into practice, most advantageously for them-
selves, and for the poor.
Or, one or more wealthy individuals, who may be
desirous of ameliorating the condition of the igno.
rant, the ill-taught, the vicious, and the miserable,
of their own dependents, or others, may form such
establishments as are proposed ; effect thereby the
greatest possible good to their fellow creatures—most
certainly increase their revenue, and add a new zest
and pleasure to every hour of their lives: But before
either or any of these plans can be put into execu-
tion, I have still other duties to i.erform. I must
direct a complete model to be made of the whole ar-
rangeinents proposed, draw up rules and regulations,
by which the population within these villages Gan be
alone governed, to enable them to attain all these
promised lienefits, and never to recede, or be statio-
nary in their progress of improvement.
These I will yet do, and at all times, while my
health, strength, and other circiunstai.cts will admit,
1 will render all the personal aid in my powers to
put any establishment or establishments on the plan
now advocated, into executioo ; or if 1 can be of any
real service in aiding any superior plan, devised by,
and proceeding hum any party whatever, I shall
have equal, nay, and I speak from my genuine feel-
ings. I shall have more real pleasure in giving such
aid, than I could derive from giving suppoit to any
plans of my own,
But now, permit me to say, that opposed by the
ignorance and folly of the world, 1 have devoted
nearly tl.irty years to deep research and active expe-
riment, in order that the plans before us might be well
matured. In thus acting, and in bringing the priuct-
ples on which they ate founded promistently before the
public, I have expended sums that would have stayed
an ordinary or short-sighted prudence in its course.
I have not, up to this hour-1 do not regret one mo-
ment of this time, or one shilling of the money which
has been so spent and expended. 1 ask for no return,
none are due to me; I have simply performed my
duty. The great leading object of my life, from my
youth upwafds, is this day accomplished; the prin-
ciples and plan are even now so fixed and permanent
that hereafter the combined power of the world will
be louud utterly incompetent to extract it from the
public mind.
It will from this hour go on with an increasing ce-
lerity. " Silence will not retard its course, and op-
position will give increased celerity to its move-
ments." It may now be said, my great task is done ;
I resign it with unspeakable pleasure into the hands
and unto the guidance of others. When death ap-
proaches, he will not, he cannot now be to me an un-
welcome visitor. I shall receive him, come when be
may, and as he will, With a satisfaction, of which
' none of you, perhaps, can now form any just concep-
' tion. I should Nome, however. to see these de-
' lightful associations of unity and mutual co-operation
flourishing in this country, and en others and should
my file be longer spared, toe utmost bounds of my
anttilion, is to bemire an undistinguished member of
one of these happy villages; and in which my perso-
, nal expences would not exceed ‘l2O a year.
I ought to apologize for having spoken so much of,

.•
mmelf; but it appeared to MS somewhat nertnary.
that no part of the subject might he misunderstood.
It now becomes an important question to conside•
what resolutions ought to be proposed to this,mret•
ink—many offer themselves, and probably a mate-
rial advance might now be made towards carry:nu
the plan proposed into immediate execution. and in
several places.' But lam most anxious, that not one
premature step should be taken in this business.
By the observations of several public writers. and
public men. I perceive the subject is not understood..
They have hitherto caught, a few only, of the parts
as I contemplate them, and have mixed them in an
incongruous manner, with various notions of their
! own, which have no connection whatever with the
I pl. a I recommend. Many sensible and intelligent
' indmiluals, whose minds had not been previously
directed to such subjects, are so confounded and AStl,-
nihed, At this new and extraordinary combination of
t itman powers, that they very naturally conchi6e,
the pr•poser must he either mad, a visionary, or an
enthusiast ; not in the least suspecting the truth, that
I have ever been a plodding, practical, per,evering,
matter oh tact man, who have been engaged for :35
years in all the common, and in extensive !ransac- ,
tions of business. Under all these considerations, and
as I do not wish to take any parry by surprise, it ap- '
peared to me to be due to the subject, due to the
country, and due Co individuals, who are desimus of
promoting the plan, it it should be found to possess
the advantages I have stated, that it should undergo
the most severe scrutiny, in its details separately ; and
as a whole combined ; proper for a great national and
universal system, to relieve mankind tram the igno-
rance, vice, poverty, crime, and misery, with which
the whole earth is now degraded and oppressed ; to
the deep hurt and injury of all ranks and descriptions
1
of men ; none of whom can be happy, under the tun-
damentally erroneous notions on which society has
been hitherto constituted

And that this high and important duty, a task'
worthy the present age and period, shall be commit.
ted to the calm and mature investigation and deli-
beration of a sufficient number of the most respecta-
ble characters in this kingdom, for rank, intellect,
practical experience, and active benevolt-nce ; 111+1
without distinction of parties, sect, or class, that they
should form a national Committee, in order that
strict justice may be done to the plan pr. posed—to
the country—and to the world. By this procedure,
every part of this interesting and important subject,
would he well and effectually sifted to its lowest
foundation, and through all its extensive and multi- -
plied ramifications, and thus prove by a full and fair
examination, all its defects and advantages ; and whe-
ther it will be proved as 1 have stated, to posscss that
high claim to public notice, and universal adoption.
It is for the Meeting to decide what encourage-
ment shall be now given to an immediate experiment
of the plan, in one, or more instances.
In conlormity with these views, I beg leave first to
read the following Resolutions, as they stand in con-
nection ; and afterwards to propose them separately
for your opinion and deeisitn
1. That many of the poor and working classes, In Great Bri-
tain and Ireland, cannot now procure employment to enable them
to earn a proper subsistence.—Carried unanimously.
2 That In Great Britain and Ireland, the poor, th* unem-
ployed, and the inefßeiemly employed, are now supported at a
minute expense to many parishes, and by extensive it'd injurious
private chart les.
a. 'that under thee circumstances, the poor and working
classes, generally experience privations and distress to a greater
extent probably, than they have suffered at any former period in
the liistory
.of this country.-a Ike above two Resolutions carried
nearly uaanimou.ly.
1. That this arises from manual labour being of less value now,
compared with the price or provisions, and the habits of the peo-
ple generally, than it has been at any former known period.
5. that It is not probable manual labour CIA regain its proper
and necessary value, under circumstances beneficial to the comn
try, unites other arrangements shall be formed by society, put.
poorly devised to give productive employment to all who are
competent and willing to labour.
6 That it is the highest praciical point In political economy,
as It most essentially involves the wettlielorsontirappiest of all
ranks, o attain the means, by which the labour of any country
eau be most advantageously employed.
7. I o reduce the Poors' Rate, and to gradually abolish Pau.
peruses, with all its degrading and injurious consequences.
6. That es a solemn and grave judgment ought nut to be given
hastily, on a subject in which the vital interests of this Empire
and other countries are involved,—the plan raw proposerl shall
be submitted to the scrutiny and investiga• ion uE a Conandttee,
composed of many of the leading, mow ititelpgent, and best dis-
posed, from among all ranks, who by their previous acquire-
ciente may be competent to give a useful opinion nom the sob-
ject. Fur something must be done
9. That the Committee 01 General Investigation be composed
of the following Noblemen and C;entlenien, or such or them as
may be inclined to perform this high and important dui., fur
themselves, their country, and for posterity. '1 lie Committee
to have power to add from time to time to their number, and
to be a quorum.
lit. 1 hat this Committee shall report the result of their loves-
tigrions and labours, to a Genera Meeting to be called fur that
purpose, early in May next year, or sooner, It' they shall so de-
termine.
11. 'net the Proposer of the Plan shall give from time to
time to tie Commit ee, all the information in Lia power, that
they may ask or require.
It was not my intention to have proceeded further
at present, but a most benevolent and public spirited
Gentleman, whose name lam not yet to mention,
called upon me late last night, and in the most liberal
manner made me an unlimited offer of about 1500
acres of land, proper in all respects to try one experi.
merit upon, and of at least £50,000 in value, which
I might use for such purpose at any time after Octo-
ber next. I cannot, therefore, refrain from propos-
ing the following additional Resolutions :
12. That it ii now most desirable one or more experiment
should be :tied with the least possible loss of tint:.
13. that fur thl. purpose a subscription be new opened, that
whenever reioo,ooo in money or land shall be subscribed, oce
experinseat shall be commenced forthwith, eel a second Wheal
XVOOPiIi sl.all be subscribed, and so on as each folrowieg
.5100,0 r 0 shall be subscribed.
1t• That the foltowleg Gentlemen, or such of them as May
be inclined to act, shall be a select acting Committee, to direct
and superintend such experiments, assisted by the proposer of
the plan.
LS. that the most warm and cordial thr Its of this Meeting
he given to the Gentleman who has st. step; torward to
offer his Land to the Country, for the use of an experiment, at
the moment it was wanted.
Mr. Ruwcnorr next read letters from number of
Gentlemen and Magistrates, some of wlioro, from an
experience of forty years, had declares their convic-
dun that the evils of the present ayitem were grown
too great; and that.unless some corrective were rip
plied, confusion and ruin must be the result. One
statement from a Magistrate was, that in his time,
And in his district, the poc.r.rates had increased from
£450 to £5OOO, and that at present, out of a popu-
lation of 1300, 800 were paupers.
Mr. HursT next presented himself, but as the Re-
' solution was not yet read,

"lie CaI:TRUAX (Mr. Roseman.) requested that
it should be put forth in form ; and then, as a duty,
the Meeting • wed itself to hear ev,ry Gentleman
who address id them. He trusted als i that those
oho addressed them would, at least for that .lay, dis.
card all party feelings and political prejudice:. The
-.deject- propnxed •to. be obtained was almost ton se-
rious, too extens7ve. (or the popular discussion which
such a Meeting could he expected to give. Indeed,
when he looked about him, numerous and respect*.
isle as was the Meeting, he felt as to arriving at a de-
cision on that immense consideration, the. Meeting
was as nobody. MI, therefore, that those who were
most ssuguine in the success of the object conk! ex-
pect from the decision of that day, was, that the
seed war merely thrown in the ground—that it was
yet to be watered and watched by the talents and
I v.! .t ti(:ns of thnie more competent to superintend the
culture, until at length it might grow up into a pro•
ductive harvest of extended blessing and general
Mar, hear.) We are this day in our yet
imperfect view of the propesition, embracing subjects
so mementons, only called upon 'or the expression of
our hopes. By limiting our decision to such a point,
as in candour and modesty we are I,..untf, we secure
to ourselves the consolation, that if we do not alt
merely succeed, we are not accountable for the fai-
leie—(Nesr, bear.) And btfore he nit down, he
could :;..t help observing, that it must appear its ogle
how 1:t should he placed in the Chair. It *as ne'thee
his wish nor his expectation to have filled it. The
voice of the room had insisted on his.taking it—but
he must be all•nvcd to say that it teas rather it straws
coincidence, that in a ✓Meeting called specific.•lly for
the relief of thi Poor, that the man called to preside
*VAS a beggar.--[A marked sympathy throu,th the
room was manifei,ted on the ntteranceot these words.]
Mr. HUNT • ff.eed himself to the room, but gave
• way, in order to have the first Resolution put.
The Resolution was then read.

M ijor Tonnes:a -bserveJ, that in compliance with
the invitation given by Mr. Owen, in his address
through the daily papers of t° e 30.11 of July, he cf.
tered himself to the attention of the meetole, with

the view of shewi g. argumentatively, that the prin-
ciples of Mr. Owen were erroneous, and hi: plan im-
practicable. Mr. Owen had, in his Address, 1 tid the
basis of 'his proposition on what he was pleased to
tall the experience of facts, disclaiming altogether
any thing in the shape of theory. The discussion of
that plan would best prove whether i w s not alto-
together theory, and i t .. nature the M st uhsUpport.
.ed by proof. In discussing suijiet, of political rm.
nomy there were two species of theory. which, though
capable of being classed un.'er do genet al .tesigna-
tion, widely differed in their chins to pubh. sit. port.
The first description of theory sees a d duc i m of
general principles from el long and v.ide exrerrence
of facts. The secord Lit set ipuon of theory a S, . de-
-1 duction of general princtidt :: from vaguo, u pr.ived
and unprovable assompttors. Of the first desci iptioa
of theorists were such men -... Ada ii Smith, Mr.
Malthus, and Mr. David Ric t. do. Of the second
description, he nuts: say, without Any attempt at un-
juist p rsonality, was Mr. Ocven and his plan It tea.;
because he felt pet suiteed taat the pl .n that day pro-
posed to the meeting, and previously wir, the best
motives submitted through the general mod, of com-
munication to the public. was founded on vague. un-
proved, and unprovable assumpoon-, that he .elt it
his duty to oppose its adoption. he very prominent
fesstute of the plan, indeed. it was acknowleamod by
Mr. Owen himself, proceeded on the denial ttt a prin-
ciple that was an aitom with the m st crilithiened
writer. . n political economy, namely, that population
proceeded in a geometrical, acid not in an Arithmeti-
cal ratio. That though in marriage pairs will produce
at first by ones, yet that they successively double,
two producing four, four eight, and soon in the mul-
tiplication of hundreds and thousand;; whilst the
productive powers of land, and of cout se of the means
of subsistence, decrease. thus, coming to the second
proposition, the same proporti ri of land that gave
exertion to the labour or ten person., will successively
yield less to the cultivation oi 20, and w 11, at the
end, be deficient in subsistence to the growing wants
of the population, by a geometrical r.tio II it, says
Mr. Owen, population can never press on subsistence,
until the whole world shall be cultivated as a garden.
—The answer to such a proposition as that was.
that as the productive wealth of laud could only
subsist its rent, pr,,fit, and wages, the only part of
that production mat could be supposed applicable to
the maintainence of labour must be wages. Much,
therefore, as Mr. Owen endeavoured to pride himselt
and his system on experience, in c ‘ntradiction to
theory, his plan went to draw a wide and broad dis-
tinction between his proposition and the result of all
the facts that had yet been established in the history
of the world. His plan supposed a district of IWu
acres, from whence was to be produced subsistence
fir the cultivators, the surplus to meet rent, pr,,fit,
and taxes. Front this condonation of capital and la-
bour, a cultivation of the human intellect was eel:
presumed, that would intenduce the system of tin!
vernal benevolence, which visionaries might no' e.
but be was afraid human nature forbade. It was,
however, to be recollected, that in this territory to
lOW actes, there waild take place such a rapid mul-
tiplication of the population, particularly as all thing:
were to be in ccannion—as no rests.int were to esist
upon marriages, that childieu would fall not on the
protection of their parents, but on that of society.
It was therefore the duty of men who opposed the:
plan to speak out, and get rid of suet a delusion as
fast as it was possible. Suppose, then, that lisr.,d ste•
. ficient fer subsistence of the IWO labourers, with the
; ether drawbacks, were produced, in twenty yea's it
i must provide for a popnlasion of 11000. Where tbe.
1 wete the means of preserving this assumption Of in-
!creased prosperity. arising from supetior ntrinagt-
I trent, and so forth, when the whole funds woc'd be
swallowed up in the production of the mere t eces-
I sary subsistence for the increased population, wi!,
she claims of rent and profit. In forty Yeats t!,;Src
pulation wool.: increase under such circumsetnces tc

1.000, and then, when the iioad of want and stars/a-
t:en pressed its calls upon your funds, what
become of this beautiful and romantic system of ant-
vers4l happiness ariA undisturbed prnsperey C.-s-
-can:stances determine the character tit m ui; and
until (whit perimps WAS impossible) irtifictal reg
lation could, in all instances, contriAil thos- circa's;
stances, it was fanciful to ihit.k to preciud: their 87,*
ildenceiby previoos regulation. He had Cie higher:
respect for Mr. Owen. its a mitt' svlici 'pm to

I

1
