EICMILQUER COI/IT OF SCOTLAND STOULATION SILL.

The second reading of this bili;;riniireinrnirreti,
Mr. K [CNN RUT said it wax the intention of Government
to abolish entirely the Court of Ezchequer of Scotland, and
to transfer its business, which was inoonsidaable, to the
Court of Session; meanwhile, the present bill reduced the
Chief Baron and two of the Puisne Judges.
Lord A LTHORP, in answer to Sir 0. Clerk, said the
Chief Baron retired on the half of his salary, and the two
Puiane Judges who had officiated for a considerable time, on
three-fourths of their salaries.
Mr. HUME said the Court should have been abolished
long since. The Lord Chief Baron had not been long
enough in his situation to be entitled to a pension. It was
monstrous that a Chief Justice, who had held his office only
Sheen months, should have a pension of 2,0001. He should
be made Chief Justice of the Court of Bankruptcy, and thus
Ithe pension would be raved.
Mr. R. FERGUSON and Sir 0. WARRENDER said
a few words.

Sir W. RAE deprecated the total abolition of the E_-
cheque. Court.
Mr. CAMPBELL considered the Court to be useless.
Sir G. CLERK opposed, and the ATTORNEY.
GENERAL supported the bill.
' The debate was then adjourned till this day.
Mr. P. THOMSON, in moving far the appointment of
a select committee on the West India Affairs, said the com-
mittee would confine its attention to the commercial state of
the West Indies, omitting the question of negro slavery and
all political subjects
Mr. GOULBURN and Mr. K. DOUGLAS consi-
dered an appointment of a committee at the close of the
session a mere delusion.

Lord A LTHOUP hoped the session was not at all at a
close. But it it were. it was still important to have the cont.
mime appointed, u Its appointment nut Session would be
thereby facilitated.
After a conversation, in which Mr. Burge, Mr. Hume,
Lord Altborp, site. took part, the committee was appointed.
The other orders were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at Half.past Three.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

BY EXPRESS FROM PARS. THTS DAY.

PARIS, OCT. s.—Tbe presses, types, and all
property of the Revolution .1c urn4l,were seised by
the Government yesterday, and the Journal did
not appear!
Prince Borgbese has just died in Italy.—Con-
stitutionnel.

1 The Infanta of Portugal, Isabella Maria, has
quitted Lisbon by order of Miguel.— Ibid.
The National Guard of Mont benoit has of late
held itself in readiness, to receive General Dwer-
nicki ; it is said, that the Polish Chief, brother-
in-law of Lieutenant-General Count Merand, will

arrive next month at the chateau of Montbenoit,
where the Countess of Pavia, his mother, resides.
Gazette de la Franclle-Comte.
We have a letter from Berlin which announces
that the cholera morbus is not very formidable in
that city ; already, the physicians were convinced
that the disease had made its greatest ravages, and
that its Intensity would soon diminish. A sober
and regular life appears to be the only means of
preservation.—Constitutionnel.
The President of the Council came to prism t to-
day a pretended project of law upon the civil list.
He demanded the sum of —, and said no
more, leaving to the Chamber to fix the ansount,and
not daring even to propose it. This is rather stronger
perhaps, than the lit le artifice of the same Mitre-
ter to obtain the hereditary► by demanding th- non-
hereditary. 7 hat is political honor, uM. Perier
conceives it.—National.

The Spanish refugees, on going to the prefec-
ture of police to receive the monthly succours
given to them by the government, were refused
the payment of the month of September; they
were told there was no order from the ministry.—
they were was ned that an order would be given to
quit Parit and to proceed to Tours. The Italian
refugees will receive the order to proceed to Mou-
lins.—Jostroal du Cossueserve.

The Belgian Government has received the ar-
ticles of the definitive treaty imposed by the Con-
ference to Holland and Belgium. They will be
communicated to the Chamber in some days. The
following is the substance of their contents :
Holland will preserve the limits of 1790, to which
will be added nearly all Lembourg. She will cede
upon the right bank of the Scheldt, some points
lof which the deprivation will put it out of her
power henceforth to intimidate the Belgian terri-
tory ; amongst others is designed the city of Hulst,
the Capitalendam and the Sluice of Veriest. Lux-
embourg will be ceded to Belgium, provided there
is a pecuniary indemnity. The Consul of Swe-
den has not yet recognised king Leopold. Will
Charles-John do u Prussia, Russia, and Austria?
—Constitutionnel.

BRUSSELS PAPERS RECEIVED THIS DAY.
The city of Antwerp bas just been declared in
a state of siege. This measure is said to bare
been founded on the fear of some movements with
which the Government bee been alarmed, on the
approach of the 10th. The military engineers
are at this moment making as estimate of all the
boasts of the city opposite to the citadel, la order;

to dispose of them i n cue of an attack, and make
asset them in defence ofibe city.—Brussels, Oct.l.
The battery of artillery, commanded by Captain
Piston set out yesterday foe Matinee. The order
was so argent that the Captain could net obtain I
delay of twenty-four hours, which he thought
necessary.
The Antwerp Journal says :—The silence ofour
diplomacy and of the conference, the preparations
for war and defence, and lastly, the hostile lan-
guage of the Journals, cause war to be considered
as inevitable, at the expiration of the armistice on
Monday next. All appearances are, iu fact, in favour
of this opinion, and the mote so as all the Jour-
nals speak of a protocol threatening us with an
attack from Prussia, Austria, and Russia. This
objection does not alarm us ; the existence of this
protocol is a falsehood, and we are convinced,
that notwithstanding any diversity of opinions.
between the members of the conferences, oil
the French and Belgian questions, they are, at
least, unanimous in their desire, that these events
may not disturb the peace of Europe. We are
still persuaded that a si eedy decision will prevent
any effusion of blood, and enable us at length to
complete our institutions, and repair the disasters
of our commerce and manufactures. The forma-
tion of a foreign 'egion is suspended. The decree
for its organization has been in the hands of the
King for these two days, but more pacific news
is expected from London.—Ernancipatiens.
The Prussian Government is going to issue
an order to all young Prussians, liable to serve in
the army, who are in foreign countries, to return
home immediately, because the whole army is
going to be called out.—Brussels Papers, Oct. 4.

11AMBURGH PAPERS—AEC/NED THIS DAY.
Pools, SEPT. 27.—The remainder of the Diet,
hitherto assembled at Zacroczyn, and the Polish
Natienal Government formed there, have entirely
dissolved themselves. The members have left
Zacroczyn singly, and have dispersed. Prince
Crarieryski is said to be at Cracow.
...

Ihe remaind r of the Polish army, about
14,000 men, is gill in and about Modlin. The
4th Rus ian corps, under General Sarvoinin, ar-
riving from Lithuania, is now approaching. It
consists of three divisions of Infantry, one of Hus-
sar', and 72 pieces of cannon, and has already
reached Lanza, so that now the country to the north
of Modlin, is entirely occupied by the Russian
troops.

Accounts have been received here direct from
Warsaw, dated the 23J, which inform us that the
Emperor of Russia has been pleased to confer on
Count Paskewitsch Erivanaki, for the glorious tet-
mination of the Polish insurrection, and the taking
of Warsaw, the rank of Prince, with the name of
Warszawski !

The negotiations of General Berg with the re-
mains of the Polish army at Medlin continue, but
do not seem to lead to any result, in consequence
of the temper of some of the leaders. The Polish
army has, indeed, began to move timards Plock,
but it is not thought it will comply with the con-
ditions prescribed by the Ruuisns, for which
reason it is followed and observed by a powerful
Russian force of 60 battalions, 94 squadrons, and
200 pieces of cannon.
FROM rtes FRONTIRRS o• Pates D.—(From
the Prussian State Gazette.)—News has just been
received that Modlin is occupied by the &mina
troops, and that the remainder of the Polish army
that left Warsaw has advanced from Plock aloes
the right bank of the Vistula, towards the Prussian
frontiers. Camel Van Ronne, hearing that the
Poles had crossed the Vistula near Hock, pro-
ceeded from Krosnowice in that direction, but
soon learnt that 'OOO Poles, who bad crossed to
the left bank, had returned to Plock, and had began
to break down the bridge over the Vistula. The
Colonel remains at Krosnowice with his detach-
ment, to observe any further movement that the
Polish troops might make on the left bask.—
Hamburg Borsen Halle, Oct. 1.

BRAZIL PAPERS RECEIVRD THIS DAY.
RIO MC J•NEITIO, JOLT 26.—(Frote the
Diario do Goverao.)—The Ministry of the Re-
gency has addressed to the representatives of the
nation, an exposition of the principle on which it
means to act.

The Ministers convinced of the great importance
of unity in the Government, have resolved to con-
cert together, not only their plans, but the mesas
of carrying them into effect.
The Rio papers contain numerous articles offi-
cial and non-official, respecting the disturbances
on the 14th and 15th of July. The city was
tranquil.
The packet from Bahia, which arrived on the
Ist Aug. after a voyage of 11 days, brought word
that perfect tranquillity prevailed in the province
of Rio Grande do Norte, Parahiba, Pernambuco,
Alagoas, and Babia.—Diario do Gerona, from
26th July to Bth Aug. inclusive.

P•aca, STOCK EXCHANOI, OCT. 4.—ln the
early pert of the day there was a decided tendency
to a fall. but the decline evidently proceeding from
the transactions effected for settling the account,
the funds rose as soon u these transactions drew
near to their conclusion. Business has been brisk,
and the Fives for money have been in urgent de-
mand. The only rumour afloat has been that of
the Emperor Nicholas having written to the King
of Holland to induce him not to yield to the coun-
sels of the conference, sad promising so support
his just claims.
A private letter of the 22nd ult. from Berlin,
states that the cholera morbus has already cat
Prussia more than two campaigns. Every body
makes sacrifices to relieve the indigent, for rhea
number is very rest in consequence of the rag-
' nation of trade.

The Austrian Observer state% after official re'
ports, that the total number of persons attacked by
the cholera in 2,043 towns and villages in Hungary
bad up to the 13th ult. was 208,528, of whom 99,004
died.

Between the 10th and 12th of September only
nine persons were attacked with the cholera at St•
Pmemburgh, Lye of whom died, the other four
recovered.

_
The cholera has broken out at Koswig, io the
Duchy of Anhalt Bernburg.
The Moxiteur of yesterday contains the official
publication of the law, by which the sum of one
million of (macs is granted for sanitary PurrSe!'
What we stated soon days since hi oor Cary
article of the armistice between Holland and l
ginin being renewed, we understand is nog co'
limed, by a Eger who arrived yoswasi

Fr
by
s li
/IN

Ivor

doul
4

114 p
Al

ox T 1
lingua
by any
and on
Wo ci
we del
litonw
aid el
*tin
des of
As a
titan no
lain by
Laom
441.11;:41"1:14.111:niki:1"1111::4114111:::::1:111
foam
addition
are sev
"WY Al

1

11
It.
or

LONDON, FRIDAY, OCT. 7.

from Holland. We also understand that in a few
days we shall hear of the treaty being signed.
City Correspondext.
A letter from Valenciennes states, that the
French army on the frontiers has been reinforced
by a division of infantry under General Janin,and
hritratle of cavalry.. This new corps will aug-
ment the army of the North to 70,000 men.
The expedition of the Constitutionalists of Ter-
ceira, Don Pedro will take the chief command, and
Count Villatior, wbo captured Isle St. Michael,
will have the command of the same troops with
whom he fought the Miguelites in the war against
the Marquis de Chaves.—National.

THE EVENING STAR.

ONE O'CLOCK. MIS D7l.ll%—TheTMOlnetef, 70. Ba-
rometer, 29-68. Weather, fair. Wind S.S.W.

The most important motion made in Parliament
hat night, and one of the most interesting to
public feeling, was that of Mr. Wilk., requiring
an account of all pensions, greets, allowances,
&c. enjoyed by Peers, their families and relatives.
This is striking the nail on the head, and the
House clenched it, by directing the return to be
made. If their Lordships should think proper to reject
the Bill, in a way so affronting to the Commons,
and to the people of England, the Commons have
it completely in their power to cashier such Peers,
in regard to all unhallowed portions of the public
money which they enjoy.
This will be an act of retributive justice, and prove
a remedy not hitherto suggested, and for which the
public will feel itself under great obligations to the
active genius of Mr.W Lica. In direct allowances
per favour, and not for services, real or even pre-
tended, this would effect a saving of at least two
hundred thousand a year; and on such a subject,
started at such a crisis, no small impatience is likely
to be displayed by the public. It is a fit question for
petitions and addresses to the House of Commons
from every part of the nation ; and that House would
compromise its character for consistency, and the
majority would deservedly lose the confidence of
their constituents, if another shilling of the pub-
lic money, and oppressive taxes, were paid to
any Peer who corruptly opposes himself to the
Reform Bill.

These concessions have hitherto been acquiesced
in, and might never have been disturbed, if a
doe regard to the public welfare, and the
rights of those wbo pay, had been displayed
by those who receive ; but the Duke of NEW-
CASTLE'S, the Marquis of EXETER'S, and Lord
WARWICK'S Law, applies by strict analogy in this
case; and as Mr. WILLS'S motion has procured
for him the admiration of the public, so the carry-
ing it into force will entitle the House of Com-
mons—the controllers of the public purse—alike to
the admiration and gratitude of this age, and of all
posterity.

We have this day the afflicting task to perform
of announcing the termination of all our aspirations,
in behalf of the ever-to-be-honoured and lamented
Poles. Deserted by all Europe, and 'insulted by
shuffling and equivocal diplomacy, these brave men
have abandoned their country en masse, and sought
asylum in the tender mercies of Austria and Prussia,
rather than allow themselves to be conquered, and
submit to the degrading domination of Russia. Thus,
the brave army of the brave ROMARINO retreated
southward, and threw itself into Austria and Gal-
icia; and to-day we ascertain that the remnant who
marched southward are, in like manner, preparing
to throw themselves into the part of Poland stolen
by Prussia. A more heart-rending spectacle never
was presented in the history of human affairs ; and
it is proportionally disgraceful to all Statesmen now
in power in the European Courts. We cannot
trust our pens to speak on the subject ; but the
crime will be punished by the course of events,
for it is engraven in the hearts of all man-
kind ; and the results of such deep impressions will
appear when least expected. For the present, we
are exposed to the additional suffering of reading
of the base triumph* of the despot and his adhe-
rents. It is our fate even to see the barbarians
lauded, and the Poles and their cause subjected to
coarse and foul accusations ;••lIUT, cusses LIGHT
OV THE WRETCH who disgraces the power of
language, and the sanctity of the printing press,
by any imputations on the just and holy cause,
and on the heroic sacrifices of this brave people.
We challenge the annals of ancient history—
Me defy the poets and historians of Greece and
Rome—to produce any instance which to the
end of time will furnish more lamentation to
virtuous feelings, than the progress and termina-
tion of the Polish contrast of 1831.

As a corollary to the gloomy triumph of despo-
tism recorded in the previous sentences, we neer-
tiin by the Brussels papers, received this day, that
Leohan finds it necessary to put his Belgic
kingdom into a state of serious defence. Rus-
sian politics are now progressing south-
'ard and the Holy Alliance baring lost their
fears about Poland. are beginning to do-
i:nneer in Belgium. The former armistice expires
on Monday, and we have various dend-official ru-
mours, that it has been—or is to be—renewed for
six weeks. As, however, the King of HOL L• D
doubtless, encouraged to rise in his demands—
for he is part and pareel of the Holy Alliance—so
additional precautions become necessary in King
LIOPOLD. it appears also that the French armies
are augmenting on the Belgic frontiers, and as the
Holy Alliance must long since have hems inspired

with profound contempt for the sneaking policy of
the Court of the Polak Royale ; it is by no means
improbable, but an attempt will be made to put a
similar end to the Belgic insurrection, as that which
has been permitted in Poland. We hope this may
not be the consequence ; but the ignoble policy of
the French Cabinet, in regard to Poland, holy,
&c. is not unlikely to stimulate to war, those who
are so prone to engage in it.

The debate in the House of Lords last night,
drew a very numerous audience, chiefly ladies, and
the public parts of the House were crowded by
Peers' orders,no other title to admission being recog-
nized. The interest of the people was also proved
by the crowds in the vicinity.
A petition from Dover against the office of Lord
Warden, rendered the Duke of Wellington very
sensitive. Some Scottish petitions led to ob-
servations on the state of that country, and
the same Duke inferred, from its growing
prosperity, that no Reform was necessary—
forgetting that the foundation of the present state
4)f the country was laid by the enormous public
expenditure during the war ; and by the facility of
credit which arose from the paper currency,
effects which have been gradually abating,
and which never arose from a state of liberty,
but from designs of an oppnsite character,.
Observations therefore about the representation,
deduced from local prosperity, are utterly irre-
levant. His Grace may have been a lucky
General, but he is a very unfortunate reasoner.
Petitions continue to pour in, and the
Lord Chancellor alone presented eleven. Lord
Falmouth commenced the Debate, and no-
ticed Mr. Hunt's dissatisfaction with the Bill,
as well as Lord Radnor's recommendation of Mr.
Cobbett : he seemed also much alarmed about the
ballot, and described himself as a reformer; but
with limitations which render his liberality worse
than useless.

Lord Roseberry admitted that he was not ori-
ginally a Parliamentary reformer; but he thought
favourably of the Bill, and should give it his
support, subject to such alterations u he intended
to propose in the committee. Lord Carnarvon
made a ♦ery impassioned speech against the
Bill, which he described as complicated, and

too comprehensive in its objects. He also im-
peached the ulterior views of the Reformers, and
quoted the declarations made at public meetings,
as dangerous and alarming. He sat down in
consequence of personal exhaustion.

Lord Plunkett followed in a very splendid speech
in defence of the Bill, in which he was so conclu-
sive in opposing the declamations of the other side,
that Lord Falmouth Interrupted him—denying that
be was favourable to reform; but that modified reform
should receive his consideration. Soon after the Duke
of Wellington was stimulated to qualify a reference
to his opinions. Lord Plunkett rejoined, and the
Duke of Wellington rebutted, which Lord Plunkett
resented—on which the Chancellor interposed, and
with great warmth deprecated such interrup-
tions. Soon after Lord Harrow by took fire, and
spoke to order ; after which Lord Plunkett con.
cluded, with only two other interruptions from
Lord Londonderry, amidst the repeated cheers of
the house, as splendid a speech as ever had
been heard within its walls. In fact, it de-
serves to be printed in the cheapest forms,
and circulated in every town and parish. It not
only supported the question affirmatively, but
it negatived and beat down all the prejudices ad-
vanced by the other side. Lord Wynford essayed
I to follow Lord Plunkett; but the agitation of the
House prevented his being beard, on which Lord
Grey moved an adjournment, and stated, that if
not concluded that night, that decision should take
place on Saturday.
In the House of Commons, Mr. Wilks made
that excellent motion relative to the Peerage,
which we notice in another place. Lord Ingestrie
presented a petition from forty beneficed Clergy-
men of Ireland, against the obstructions opposed
to the collection of tithes. This led to a deb.ite.
which was concluded by Mr. Stanley, who thought
the period very inconvenient to interfere.

Colonel Perceral then made a motion against
non-resident Irish Lord Lieutenants, which after a
prolonged discussion was withdrawn. Mr. Powlett
Thomson moved for a Committee to enquire into
the state of our West India interests, which was
agreed to, and the Committee appointed.

Those who affect any doubts about the popularity
of the Reform Bill, and the immovable determina
tion of all classes to have it carried, need only con-
sider the fact, of the election of the Lord Mayor
in opposition to Sir Peter Laurie, who was
supported by the usages of the Corporation. but
whose attachment to the Bill was not distinctly
avowed. We may also refer to the great struggle
now pending in Dorsetshire, where, against e
_ _ _

long established Tory influence, the last repert left
Mr. PONSOXIST had a nusjority of owe; and to
achieve this great object, there is no desk dot

the exertions and sacrifices of the Freeholders of
Doreetshire have been of the most exemplary
character.

We consider it our duty, though a mortifying
one, to state that a general impression pervades
the metropolis, and especially many official quar-
ters, that the Reform Bill will be rejected in
the Howe of Lords. Should it be so, the
next will be a busy portentous political
weak among the people of England. The division
is expected to-morrow night, and we shall not be

inattentive to the impatience of our readers, to re-
ceive the earliest information.
