FRENCH PAPERS.

PROM THE ETOfLE OP SATURDAY.
MADRID, OCT. 16.
It is with profound grief that his Eminence, the Car-
dinal Archbishop of Seville, has learned, that printed
papers and writings, in favour of the events in Portugal,
have been circulated among the people. In order to
prevent the misfortunes which might result from such
,wlitings; his Eminence desires, that all Ecclesiastics,
:and all persons employed in the service of the Churches
.within his jurisdiction, do oppose the circulation of those
writings by every means possible. He calls upon them
also, to prevent the imprudent publication of any news
of an alarming character. His Eminence hopes that
.these, his orders, will be scrupulously executed,"and he
requires, moreover, the most watchful attention to be
paid to all seculars who are suspected of being in pos-
session of prohibited works. Agreeably to his orders,
you will do well, with the least possib'e delay, to sc.
quaint me with the names cf all persons who appear
attached to revolutionary doctrines. Yee Will inform
me also of the receipt of this letter.
Goa preserve you slushy years.
lIANURL MARIA DE ARCH, Secretary. ,
PARIS, Omer.
_ _

One ri the most curious mistakes in our Journals,
and which proves how very liOle they know of what is
going on, is contained in a note in one of them, which
says, that M. de Souza is to take the place of M. deNilla
Real. M. de Souza and M. de Villa Real harpea to
be one and the same Ferson. He has come to Madrid
in the fulfilment of a simple commission, and the charac-
ter of Ambassador is reserved, as we have stated, for she
Count de Funchal, the Portuguese Ambassador at R .me.
We learn from Vienna, that, on the Bth of October, ,
at three o'clock in the morning, probably in consequence
sof the negligence of the set vants, a fire broke out in the
apartments of the Archduke Louts, which communi-
cated to those occupied at different times by the Emperor
ALRIANDER, and the Kings of BAVARIA and Maxim-
um°, end those which are at present occupied by the
Archduke PALMIER and his family. The fire con-
tinued for several hours, and the whole of the interior
of those magnificent apartments fell a prey to its fury.
The Archduke PALATIMR and the Archduchess took
shelter, in their night clothes, in the apartments of the
Archduke CHARLES. The children were carried out in
the arms of the Guards. The moment that the fire
burst out, the Archduke Lours proceeded to his august
brother in whose apartments the whole of the. meowed-%
of the imperial Family, who had been routed by the
noise, by degrees assembled. No life was lost ; but the
loss in furniture and other effects has been considerable.
The Emperor to-day gave audiences to a amber of
individuals

FROM TUE JOURNAL DU DUIATS 0) lIILDAL

MADRID. Oczoiza it. --
The ring continues still to esperience a: kind of le-
thargy; which causes him to dose every minute, even
when standing. His Majesty, who has been informed
of the hopes with which this malady has inspired the
Apostolic party, repeated to numbers of them, at the
levee which took place at Court on the 14th, the fol.
lowing ewes:ion,* fa me ves quo no me quedo donxido,

i
~~

pa ves fie no esioisoporoso: 4 You see well that lam
not asleep, and you also see that I am not sleepy.'
We are informed that an Austrian courier, who passed
thragAhl,bil city, olubc, Iptb.fin his roid to Litibon,,
was the bearer of theconsent given by the Infant Don
Miguel; to the political changes in the Portuguese.
Government, and of the oath'taken by that Prince to
the Corlititution.
•. fr PARIS, Omuta as.
Count Montezuma, a lineal descendant of the Emperor
of Mexico, who has been residing in Paris since 1821,
has just arrived at Havre, accompanied by a single ser-
vant. He embarks on board the Pallas, which is loading
for Vera Cruz. This Nobleman goes to Mexico, with
the intention of arranging with that Republic some bu-
siness of great intcreit. It is a matter of great curiosity
to learn what reception the Government will give to the
last scion of so illustrious a family.—rhaxe chafavre,
animmeimokii
GREECE.

The .Liverpool Commercial Chromoks' of Saturday,
cenitains the following intelligence from Greece, pre-
ceded by the subjoined paratraph
have, on more than one oecision, alluded to the probabilley
of our'being able to convey' to our readers early and authentic in.
fosandion on the subject of Greece; and though our present com.
atudlcations are not of the 'most favourable nature, we still are
pleased that our Journal should hive been selectetras the original
medium for their publication."
The proclamation of Lord Cochrane has no date.
".LORD COCHRANE,

" To his countrymen who chose the profession of aigns abeoad,
previous to the passing of the Foreign Enlistment Act ; and to
all others who are free to promote the ends of humanity and
justice—hail!
COMPANIONS AND FRINNOS I—The vast possessioni
of Spain and Portugal being delivered from the colo-
nial y.ke—the former raised to the rank of Independent
States, the latter to the title of an Empire—nothing
further can be done by you in that quarter, to better
the condition of man. The basis of freedom and pros-
perity being laid, time, intercourse with other nations,
experience to be acquired by the rulers, and knowledge
by the people, can alone confer the blessing of enlight-
ened Governments and national. security, from the ad-
ministration of just laws.
44 Your labours, then, having terminated in the New
World, let us turn our eyes towards a people, whose
present condition, compared with their former great.
ness, fills the heart with grief. Let us hasten to com-
plete our task, in assisting the oppressed descendants
of the once free, illustrious Greeks, now struggling
under the galling yoke of slavery, rendered Insup-
portable by the most atrocious cruelties, and by the sad
consideration that the oppression under which they
groan, is actively upheld, or unfeelingly sanctioned, by
those whose duty it is to promote the civilization and
welfare of mankind.

" In this humane and glorious enterprise we shall bei
joined, from all countries, by multitudes who, like our.'
selves, have no penalties to dread. The result is sure,
both with regard to those whom you will assist, and
yourselves ; for the Grecian people, like the wise Go.
vernment of North America, will receive, as brethren
and friends, every man who, by his talent, his industry,
his capital, or his strength, shall add to the welfare,
riches, or security of the State.
• " To notice to you the contiguity of Greece to your
own homes, its central position amidst the nations of
Europe, the amenity of its climate, the fertility• of its
soil, the richness of its productions, the diversity and
beauty of scenery, or its aptitude for commerce, were
superfluous. But to remind yOu that a new held will
there at once be thrown open for manufactures and the
arts—that nine tenths of this delightful region, and of
those once fertile lands, lie desert and abandoned—that
flocks and herds, and the soil itself, within a fortnight's
sail of the North of Europe, are worthless, in the ab-
sence of cultivators and consumers—is a duty which is

due to Greece. and to you.
".Hasten then to the relief of this suffering people,
rest satisfied that yon will be received with open arms,
as citizens and as friends, and that no man shall fail to
meet the just reward of his labour in this Christian and
glorious under taking.
." Adieu !—Unite at the Island of Salamis (the theatre
of immortal deeds in former days); there again the
crown of victory awaits those who advocate the cause
of Greece and Liberty ! • .
(signed) ei COCHRANE."
NAPOLI DE ROhIANIA, Aaiun 19.
National paper has risen from nine to twelve, in con.
Sequence of the news of Lord Cochrane being in the
Mediterranean. Since the Egyptians• invaded the
Mom, things never bore a better aspect than at present,
as well as at Attica. Ibrahim Pacba has been routed in
three different attacks that he made on Sparta (Maine);
and despairing of success, he has retired to Tripolitza,
where he is at present: In one, on the Sd inst. our
troops completely beat three battalions of regulars,
composed of Ibrahim's best light troops, about 400 in
number. This victory was obtained by General
Nichita, with the Cupatellr of Missolonghi and 250
lonians. About two thousand nine hundred Egyptians
attempted to open for themselves a passage from Caron,
Modon, and Niocastro (the fortress of Navarino), to joia
Ibrahim at Tripolitza; our people routed them, and
took about three hundred horses and mules, laden with
provisions. Captains GI isioti and Vatzon have harassed
the Turks under Riotasky, who is besieging Athens.
This city and the citadel are well defended, and hays
a good store of provisions and ammunition; and the
enemy must soon raise the siege, as Captain Fabvier,
with some regulars, is passing to Methine. Karais-
kaki, and several other Captains, have left this (Na-
poli) to join Fabvier, so that in a few days the
enemy, will be forced to abandon Athens, and the
whole of Attica. A few days ago, thirty-six vessels
sailed from Hydra, commanded by Vice-Admiral
Sacbtouri, and fell in with the enemy's fleet off Samos;
they ptevented them from landing, and forced them to
sail. Two brulots were sent against the two largest
frigates. one of which began to burn, but was extin-
guished, but not until 6 or 700 men had thrown them-
selves into the sea—Soo of whom were picked up by the
Greeks, among whom was the Secretary to Admiral
'Pupal. After this the enemy's squadron refuged in the
Channel of Scio. We have heard that Curataro has

marched with 3,000 men upon Negropont, so that Omer
Bey has had to march from before Athens, leaving there
the Cutachi."

By the Bogota Gazette of the 6th of August, it ap-
•peut s that a law had passed the Senate and Chamber of
Representatives, authorising the Executive to increase
the prices paid to the growers of tobacco, and diminish
.thourat which the Government sell it to the public. The
previsions of this law, m h;ch had been long wanted, are
well adapted for ameliorating the injurious effects of the
Government monopoly of this article.

~~ ~,

*'E

LONDON.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 90, 1826;

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'Cil.ooK.
Consols opined *es buten, the same price they ieft off on Sa-
turday, and have reached 841 for the Account, and 811 for
Money, with link or no business doing. Consols have just been
done at 811 to 82.

In the Foreign market, an improvement has taken place in
Mexican and Colombian Securities, in consequence of the prevail-
ing opinion, that dollars will come from Colombia to pay the Di-
videndi. To-morrow is settling day in the Foreign market.
' Current prices : Old Spanish 11* e, Mexican 6411, Colombian
Sp;, Milian 36i 31, Russian 85 it, Greek 15 *, Brazilian Shares
10111, Castello Shares 2 *, Mexican Shires 1411.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK:

3 per Cent. Red. 81% 81
S per Cent. Cons. 82 81%
•
3/ per Cent. 87% %
S/ per Cent. Red. 97 98 97%
4 per Cent. New 96% %
4 per Cent. 1826. 96% %
India Bonds 41 42
Old Annuities 80%
£l.OOO Escheq. 11.11:26 24 25
. MO ditto 26 24 25
tlOO and 1:200 ditto 26 24 25
Cons. for Account 821/8 817/
FOREIGN FUN DS, TWO O'CLOCK.
_ _ _

Colombian liis;dr,6p C. 37 it P;uss.Vds. 4p C.
Do. Bonds, 1824, 301 9 1 Do. Bonds, 1922, 5 p C. 95#
Dos Acct. 381 91 '9 Rues. lids, 18/2, Sp C. 851 '
Danish Bonds, 3 pet. 58/ • Span. Bonds 5 p Ct. 111
Po. Act. 59 Ditto Acet. 111 #
Gr. Bonds,lats,sp C,"ls# Span. Bds. 1923, 5 p Ct. 71 ‘ 9
Ditto Acct. 131 e Fr. Renter, S p C 99f 75c
Mex. Bds 1825,6 p. Ct. 63/ II 41 Exchange, 251 60e
64 31 French Rents, 3 p C. 69f
Ditto Acct.l94 Si 4; 4 j i Exchange, 1151 80c
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

MA Rt. PAID.
Anglo Mexican 100 70 271
Bolan. • 400 225 555
Potosi La Pas and Peru. Ass. 50 5 11
Alliance British 100 10 0
Palladium

50• 2 .Et 4s.
Protector Fire 20 2 li
FRENCH FUNDS, Riau, Octosin W.
Five per Cents. . . . 99f. Ik.
Three per Cents. . . . 681. 45c.
Bank Actions . . . 2042 f. 50c.
Reines de Naples 75f. 50c.
Royal Spanish Loan • . 47if.

Letters from Madrid, dated the 16th of October,
mention, that the Minister of Finance is chiefly occu-
pied in getting together a sum of money to pay the
Algerines, whose presence on the coast of Catalonia
causes great anxiety to the Spanish Government; but,
up to the above date, the Minister could not obtain the
necessary sum.

On the 13th, there arrived at Madrid two French
Officers, with important dispatches, which were imme-
diately forwarded to the Xuio, at Aranjuez.
It was reported at Madrid, that they were ping to
disembark English troops at Lisbon.

Letters from Bahia, dated the Bth of August, state
that the Essrznoa was going to establish his Court
there in September or October, and the beaus was
going home to her father.

Frankfort Papers to the 23d have brought accounts
from St. Petersburgh to the 4th inst. There are some
scanty details of the Persian irruption. The follow•
ing are extracts:

ST.

B, Ono= 4.

The route for the return of their Majesties the Em-
peror and the two Empresses to this city, is already
published by the Post Office; but the day of their ar-
rival is not yet fired : it is thought it will be between
the 15th and 20th. Meantime, the greatest prepara-
tions are making to celebrate the entrance of their Ma-
jesties with the greatest solemnity and magnificence.—
The scaffolding and stages which have remained stand-
ing in all the principal stretts since the late illumina-
tions, are now being repaired and decorated with the
greatest elegance, in ()icier to serve. with the transpa-
rencies then used, for the splendid illuminations which
we shall have on their Majesties' entry. In the suite o
the Empress Alexandra, is the Prince of Hesse Horn-
burgh, Austrian Field Marshal.
Yesterday, their Majesties were to set oat for the i
great Monastery of Troizk, about 180 wersts from
the capital, there co attend a farewell Mass, and to put
up prayers to Heaven for a happy return. This journey
will probably keep the Court for several days from
Moscow. Immediately on its return, it will set out in
several divisions.

Notwithstanding the endeavours of our august So.
vereign to proceed in the steps of his illustrious prede-
cessor in the principles of general peace, and to ensure
to his empire the relations of friendship with the neigh-
bouring States, while he asserted its dignity and inte-
grity unimpaired, these endeavours seem, however, to
be disappointed, by the faithless conduct of the Persian
Court towards us. From the latest official accounts
received at Moscow from General Yernsoloff, the true
intentions of the Schah of Persia can no longer be
doubted. War is inevitable; the dignity of our Sove-
reign, the honour of Russia demand it ; it will not be
of long duration, but will be sanguinary, and extremely
injurious to the faithless Persians. Great indignation
has been excited here, by the news that Prince Menzi-
Loll, •ur Ambassador, who brought to the Schah the
sincerest assurances of the continuance of the preceding
friendly dispositions on the part of our new Sovereign,
and who expected the most favourable reception at
Teheran, is detained as a prisoner at Erivan, with
all the persons attached to his Mission, and that
of his predecessor. * Very considerable reinforce-
ments are on the way to join the army in the Can
casus. Many persons formerly Officers, who for pre•
vious transgressions have been deprived by sentences
of Courts Martial of their rank and nobility, and who

• Later accounts from St. Pttersbargh, state the arrival of
l'rince Nienaikoff at Ttflis, with all the members of the two Russiat
Legations.

**now serving as sabajteras in aro?, are nowl
enrolled in the corps of the Caucasus; the first distin-
guished action winch they ilerftiVin will obtain their
.ep.tire pardon and restoration of all theitprerogatives.
Besides these, several of the persons lately engaged in
the conspiracy, and whom the supreme tribunals placed
in the class that merited the slightest punishment were
dispoied of, as we know, in a similar manner. Numerous
others have volunteered their services, in order to add
new laurels to the trophies they have already obtained.
The Russian province of Kachetin, situated in the
Caucasus, which at the instigation of Abbas Mirza, the
fugitive Georgian Prince Alexander, was to induce to
revolt, is a fine tract of country, watered by the Alason,
and is certainly One of the most fertile provinces in the
empire; the harvest yields.fifty fold, and it abounds in
wine, silk, and. fine fruits. Daghestan, which Abbas
hirza also endeavoured but in vain to induce to revolt,
is bounded by Georgia. the Caspian Sea, the Koisi, the
snowy mountains of Khalabar ; and to the south by
Schirevan. If abounds in corn, wine, cotton, saffron,
silk, and naplita. The district •of Akouscha, the inha-i
bitants of which now shew themselves so attached to
Russia, by giving up to General Yermoloff the infism-
matory proclamations of Abbas Mirza, lies also in the
territory of the,Caucasus, and has 18,000 families settled
in 84 villages ; each village has its Elder, who is the
chief of all the inhabitants. The people of Akouscha do
.not follow agriculture in a considerable degree, but they
have large flocks of sheep, the woll of which they them-
•selves manufacture into cloth. This short sketch shews
how rich in natural productions these our frontier pro-
'ince; are, which the perfidious Persians now endeavour
to obtain possession of in the most unjust manner; and
it is also evident how important it must be for the
.Russians on many accounts to keep possession of them.

TROST, Ocrosti 14.
The Olservir of Ibis date_ gives the news, on the an.
thority of letters from Zante of the 4th instant, that the
Acropolis of Athens has surrendered to the Seraskier.
At Florence a great deal of corn is purchased for
England, which has caused the prices to rise.

SMYRNA, Sinnuts 11.

The Oriental Spectator speaks of the false accounts ,
spread with such profusion by almost all the Paris
Journals respecting the critical situation of Constanti-
nople, and the troubles and reaction which have taken
place since the dissolution of the corps of the Janis-
saries. These false statements have so alarmed many
,houses in Europe, that they have ordered their Corres-
pondents at Smyrna and Constantinople to realise their
property at any sacrifice.
It is our duty, says the Spectator,' to wars the mer-
chants against a trick which was successfully employed
in 1821, at the commencement of the Greek revolution,
when the French and German Journals several times
announced the burning and pillage of Smyrna, with de-
tails which had all the appearance of truth. The news
was generally believed in the European markets, except
by the Greek houses, which made consignments of Co-
lonial produce, and manufactured goods, from which
they derive large profit. The same means are now
employedto inspire fear, and prevent competition. The
accounts given by the Paris Journals of the state of
Constantinople,are so many fables, invented by interested
persons. The truth is, that there never was greater
tranquillity in the Capital and in this City than at pre-
sent: the zeal of the Police deserves the greatest praise,
and everybody follows his business with a degree of
liberty which does not exist in many civilised countries.
French Papers to thetliZrs inst. and the Belle of
Saturday have reached us. The Jossneal des Debate states, that a
French Clam House (Ricer had stopped a courier from the Eng-
lish Embassy, And insisted on visiting his dispatches, notwithstanding
the great seal-of England, by which they ought to have beta pro-
teeted. The Meek answers that the dicer in question had been de-
prived of his situation, and that our Ambassador, Lord Gaamatz.
had himself selkited his being reinstated. " We wonder," adds the
Doge," that the Dams should not have seen in this transaction a
sufficient cause for war between England and France !"

We have received the tmeine Zeitung of the 21st
instant. It is filled with extracts from the Austrian (!bower, which
continues to give the Turkish representations of their actions with
the Greeks by sea an 4 land, in which, of comes, they coostotly
claim the limey.

CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols, whkh were looking up tn the earlier part of the morning,
and reached ll2i for the Account, have within this hour receded to
Si 11 for the Account, owing to some Wm having bhp effected, since
which they have been done at Sit I, and for Mosey 1111 I. At
present there is not any intelligence to depress the market.
In the Foreign Market South American Securities remain
steady. Colombian has improved, owing to a report that Mr. Hon-
?ADO has received bills drawn on the Colombian Mining Anode-
don ; the sum it supposed to be about Forty Thousand Pounds; it
is said that more would have been sent, but bills could not be ob-
tained. A new Loan for the Brands is also spiken of.

The Speech of his MAIIIIITY en opening the Session,
it is anticipated, will be highly satisfactory, se far as regards his
Maros-es relations with the Foreign Powers. It will be seconded
in the Commons by the eldest son of Lord Foamiest'.
Mr. Secretary CANNING, on Tuesday, hail an au-
dience of the King of Femme, and took leave of his Maraver, pre-
vious to his departure for England.
The Princess AUGUSTA left the seat of the Duke and
Duchess of Guseasaisa, at Bagshet Park (where her Royal High-
ness
had been staying for the last fortnight on a visit to her Royal
Relatives,) en Saturday morning, and proceeded to the residence of
the Duke and Ducheu of CLAILEN.E, at Bushy Part, with whom
the Princess dined, and spent the evening.
It affords us great satisfaction and pleasure to state,'
that his Royal Highness the Duke of Yoam's health has very monis
improved lately, particidarly during the past week. The Royal
Duke's appetite is very good, and his Royal Highness". strength
has evidently increased. On Saturday the Royal Duke transacted
military business with Sir 11111111112 TarLoa, Sir HAUT Towbars,
and Sir RICHARD JACEK/V. Yesterday hb XO/01 Highness AV.
ceived a visit from his Royal Sister the Princess nu,.
Mr. and Mrs. Secretary CANNING, accompanied by
the Marquis and Marchioness of CLAIMICAIDE, arrived at Dover
on Saturday morning, from Paris, by the route of Boulogne. Mr.
Carmine proceeded to Walmer Castle, on a visit to the Rarrand
Countess of Livaeroor. for a few days. • Mrs. Catainto and the
Marquis and Marchioness of CLuoucasai proceeded to town,
where they arrived on Saturday night.
Yesterday afternoon, at half-past three o'clock, the'
LOU/ CVANCELLOR, accompanied by his Countess, arrived at his
house in Hamilton Place, Piccadilly, from his teat at Emends, In
Dorsetsbire, which place the Noble Karl left earl on Saterday
morning, and slept on the road. The learned Lord and hie
Countess resumed their journey to Londes et en suit hour pew-
day morning.
A King's Messenger arrived at the Foreign Office on
Saturday morning, with dispatches from Mr. Secretary Cannon.
1 The Messenger also left dispatches at Waimea Cutlet Kent, for the
Earl of LIVERPOOL, from Mr. Secretary Caxton&
Miss RoSiNsON (the only daughter of the CSIANCEL
Loa of the Fads( anima) was a little better yesterday; thoegh not yet
consider by the medical attendant, Dr. Warman, out of danger.
Of the original Cicely, F. REYNOLDS gives the
int accounet—" Alice Matt.or (now Mrs. Courrs)'performed the
character of Crseely Copley. I little thought, at that time, that I
was to become the vassal of this young handsome Cicely Copsley.
Mrs. Courts is now my Lady of the Manor, for under her I hold
a small copyhold estate near Chelmsford, in kasex ; and by an old
female law, which, though obsolete, is still unrepealed, she might
compel me, pia Thtli all, to attend and serve at her nest Highptt
lublic breakfast in arnserp.'*--Reytioldis )le.noirs.

411VINI1~ .TAR.
-
