777

for,egfituitunK of tta printlpal Se:
dies- " etti*Ould sigh inch cernfiesta. • 'rho' as
g foreigner sof. beat character...od irhOhad
btlllia • a manner identileds with the country, be at
• the welrey Of the Government. and suffer the most
.ogvous hardship. .it was said that there were now
loom aliens in this .eoiintrt; but were there not
Ifo during-
_the war ? It was void that a great
toostniore Onto there, were 'lke et* present might
, come into the country.' -.Let the . Right Honourable
Gentleman explain this. and Sat if he expected any
..4gooroance in any- foreign country, which would
"Mtge men to reek aroong,ue protection from the ty-
edge that existed, in their own countiy, He Jid not
loom the assertiod that this polder would be mildly
..nertood, because he never kneW on what grounds,
my man was sent out of the country; but he knew
the power had been abuseck% •A very gross abuse of
aver Bad been practised in the case of De Berea-
whole papers were seisod at the time he was or!
U,ed out of the cOuntry,. and had been afterwards
sheik use of as evidence; against. him at his trial.
steho was a gross abuse of power and of law. Mr.
,ptst never would have ventured
.to propose such a
eemnire as this in a time
.Of profound peace..--Here
..oglsearned Gentleman• quoted several old Acts of
irediantent, and Palettes from our history,. to .sliew
koog ibis cruel policy had'never been practised by our
gliostors.
The SOLICITOR:GENERAL explained..
.• 'Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that the common
ler of the realm was not equal to support.the Crown
Ties 'just prirogittire. and therefore an • increased
power was necessory to counteract the designs of lb.'
rtigfiere who intended to plot mischief against the
country. This act Was foended in the contempla.
non of cite dangerous ptioeiflee that had long existed,
and which wet', not yet,: exterminated in Europe...-
The elements Of this danger .existed still in France.
Would the flonniireble and Learned Gentleman
throw open this country to all the persons who sup-
ported Bonaparte.'twelvemonth ago, and refuse to
give a discretionory power to the Executive Govern-
ment which should protect it against their designs ?
It Was more consistent with, ihe.principles of pi ecato
tam row than to 1814, to have this measure of secu.
ray, because we, now had recourse to the external,
precaetion of keeping an army in France for pro-
tecting the-trinqoillity of Europe ; was it not there.
fore equally necessary to have internal precaution ?
Be thought the Legislature might give this addio
tional security td the country without any danger of
its being abused, and if the law was refused, this
country would be deluged by the most dangerous
characters in Europe. It was a mild preventive
measure, and Parliament would sleep over -its duty
if it was not adopted.
Mr. HORNER. observed, that before the year
1795, no such danger as is was' ever thought cf,
because the common law had been at all times suffi-
cient to protect the country, against foreigners, who
we're amenable to all its provisions. At the times
when the greatest religious struggles prevailed in the'
country, and wiem there was a Pretender to the
Crown, there was ao Alien Act. His objection to
this Bill was increased by the reasons of toe Noble
Lord, who said, that it was necessary to secure the'
British interests on the Continent by internal as well
is external precautions. Would this country give the
Minister of the Crown such an arbitrary power, which
had been with
.difficulty wrested from the people in'
the most dangerous times I Would they send out of
the country se much industry and skill, which had
taken shelter under the mild laws of Great Britain,
when their own land would afford them no succour
and no relief I There was no authority for such a
?osier as sending Aliens abroad, except an opinion
of Mr. Justice Blackstone, and that was no authority.
There WM ao evidence of such a prerogative, except
one single solitary instance in the reign of Henry.
IV. °There was no authority for the power, and there
wits.no need of it, The Act limited the exercise of
the low to a time when there was a danger of the
public tranquillity ; and if the Noble Lord could
prove that there was any danger of that being dis.
turbed, he would allow him to continue the, Act ;
but nO, it was for the support of the Bourbons, and,
any foreigner, if i: was continued, might be sent
.abroad without any hope but-that of being transpor.
led to the Wilds of Siberia or a dungeon of Spiin.—
What. would the Noble Lord do if many of those
oirtuousProtestants, whostill laboured under grievous
persecution, no matter how it happened, should come
over to this kingdom, and bring with them their pro.
:perto, and their children, and their religion ? What
would the Noble Lord do if the French Ambassador
was upwilliug to allow them to enter our country ?
'Would be not send them away and turn them adrift,
and make thern• liable to the rengeance they had !kit
teethed, but would incur' Foreign Courts and fo-
Algn detpots. might wish for the Dill, for it was for'
*eras and for them alone, that it was made. , • .
The ATTORNEY--GENERAL .defender" the'
principle, on which. the Act was founded. He'ad.
leittedohat Mr. Justice Blackstone had no authority.
fat *hat he had said on this subject; but had he or
his Hon. and Learned Friend ever contended' for any
other authoritythan that of Mr. Jostice Blackstone.
and Sit Edward Nattily ?

.

Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH had never heard
such wAnton deviations from the law as had been
made that night, committed by any Minister before
any Parliament. The grounds on which this Act
was supported were o.:e reason and three opinions.
No ope.of these opinions bad any authority. The
House bad been told, that a natural-born subject had
a right of remaining his own country, and an alien
had not that right. This was begging the question :
it was saying, that if an alien could be sesst out of the
"wary, he might be sent out. The law was so con.
Kituted, that the object of its vengeance cc rid not
thew his innocence. Ir it was passed, every thing
would be abrogated which we possessed from Magna
Marta; and, instead of having the glory of enfran..
diking the slave, this country would have the .miss.;
Table distinction of enslavinvbe free.
Mt JONES spoke against the Al.
Menses. thee when there werom.
rhe second resat'
...Alga* . . . . 47-14ajodtri 94.
2a Salt Bill west through a Ceeneohte& RIP= oa M°Ddir•
Mr. WUJIKRFORCE gave nodal els mains wkh std
to
Rturatios of Slam is wag sass /as Thursday;
MtANKIS save acaitisalrhipstiai with arra to
Wattles eat ltriday JIM •
lb ether Chilereet DWI ware dkaa aroma int 4
at Hap* TimITS MOO 011.10/eqh

"7"7--ir

~~

77-7

• • .
e. •,- - • v;•
2t4,41111111,tay. •I • I
We.lotampapit apoisood eery. of tba imieviage
Notes • - • -
* Messieurs the ciwiltiliers solsseribere for the ahonthiiis7
dawn, in trliffes as will as Meeks; "aid other persons. infiteo Isli
them met id the Rue George Satiliere, the iSth Apri, 1816.
o M. Vlscottnt Chareaubrieed, ist his ai4hal, delivered to NI
thft President, copies SPlNdsieWered In liro Chamber of
Peers, which woe otterwassliirfillsibuted among Meters. the
Chevaliers present.
• " M. the Preki3ent, aitilidag Matting, rest! several *Mars
from his Report, which cute he Printed and delivered to mimed:
bees, and communicated ail the justificatory papers of his very es-
tensore correspondence, of which- ionic are in the Arable lan-
guage, from Liban even to Alias, front Jaffe to Tangier, with the
translation; and of all the interesting documents which are
his bands.

" After Antler, the President itontioued the reading of the
principal pieces, and among others of some letters from Algiers
itself, particularly a letter from an Wirer of the British Navy,
addressed to a Member of Parliament of ids own nation, se.
which he had sent to the Preddent, containing very distinct de-
tail" of the Aituatitta of the nnforennite Europeans suffering*
irons at Algiers, of which .he was-eery recently an eyeoleitemee
and some very judicious reflections on the impolitic measures of
the nations who, having hien, and being still able to annihilate.
the naval power of the Algrrioes, have made ephemeral trims,
for they cannot be considered as solid treaties of peace, stip*.
lating merely for their commercial interests, without rapid to
their glory er to the rights of humanity, and leaving to the Algot-
!Mei the means of beginning again, as is doutylem their imention.
" Sardinia having no military marine, could not perhaps have
acted otherwise; but it is expected of great Powers wholly's.
it In their power to stipulate for the smaller, the protection of an
the coasts of Europe, inhabited, according to the expression of i
the Mussubnans, by the Nazarine nation. The Ambassador 41
his Sardinian Majesty to the Court of Francs ha. notified to the ,
President, under date of April 20,the euncludon of peace between
his Majesty and the agency of Milers, through the support and
mediation of -Great,Briutrof
" The President having hod the honour to be admitted to sn
audience of the King the day after this meeting, to make bit rw
port to his Majesty, as a subscriber to the charitable fund, sotto
lay before him the eorreipondenee and documents, directed his
Majesty's attention to the energetic and impressive conclusion of
the Address of the British House of Lords to his Royal High-
ness the Prince diegent, on the iStit May, 1814, • imploring him
earnestly to use all the lenuencir of the British Crown to do no-

goelatiois and to solkit of all theSoverelgns of Europe the total
and immediate abulidon of the SiaTe Trade In lilrieas to stipulate
(or a general and Irrevueable renoneladon. d these barbarous

practices, and to procure the pro:0010door under the united air
therity of the whole of the civilised world, of &solemn declare-
dolt, that to drag into slavery the Inbabitaate of peaceful coun-
tries is a .violation of the universal law of nations, foanded, as it
ought to be, on the immutable principles of justice and relillloo—
also the acknowledgment and retifortnaate of those inv.
portant duties by which we have engaged to pay that homage to
the rights, liberty, and happiness of our fellow-trate:es.' 'Me
President observed to his Majesty, that, as the Wicks were not
specified, the Whites could not be supposed to be ezduded treat
the wishes eapressed for the abolitiostotelevery In Africa.
4' 'Fite President, on this mission, laid before Ws Majesty a
copy of the eloquent appeal of the Vicomte de Chateaubriand to
the Chamber of Peers, on the acis of April, rentarkins, that, front
Nee sentaments thus ezpremed by the Houses of Peers of both na-
tions, the Sovereigns might perhaps think it worthy of considers-
lion; and it in their wisdom they admit the principle,. they
might proceed to its application, and do good by their supreme.
authority, without waiting for a formal soggentsio, which could
not be presented this Session, nor earlier than next September,
which would leave the defenceless coasts of Italy expelled to the
ineuriions of pirates, at least during the whole summer.
" His Majesty reanily admitted the correctness of this reason-
ing, and admitted ghetto:ice of this cause: He evidently felt the
same indignation that was manifelted by the President whettieb-
mitting to his Majesty the documents, proving that ..rural inha-
bitants had very recently been carried 0:i from the comp of Italy
And Sardinia, and that stn men Lad into ma:dared, and their
corpses lowa upon the shore.
" The President bad the honour, on the Gape day, to Inaba
similar communicadonsso his Royal Irlighoess Mon.toor,ooKl to
receive from him the like assent."—Munites.r.
The Mayor of Agen being lately informed that
there were persons who took upun themselves to wear
caps, watch-chains, and other articles of dress, which,
by the assortment .of the colours, brought to recol-
lection - those which are prescribed,has issued an
Arrde containing the following regulations:—•4 Every
citizen is prohibited from henceforth wearing a red
cop, or any other; rallying sign, which may call to
mind the frightful system of 1793. The wearing of
every other article in which the three colours of red,
blue, and white may be united, is also prohibited;
as also any other particular signs by myhich the wearer
may announce the intention of distinguisbiug himself.
sach*measures of security as the case may require
shall be adopted with raped to these who cOntra-
vene this present drrelf."
PARIS, MAY S.

- --- .
The Gazette 4 Augsburgh says, that notwith-
standing the report of Lavelette's having safely lan-
ded in America,•there is every reason to believe he
has not yet quitted europe, and that he is still in the
vicinity of Augsburgh. •
TRIAL OF GENERAL BERTRAND. . •
The Court opened•at a quarter past eleven... The
Reporter ( Captain Worn) read the documents ;
The first was a deposition made by the'Duke of Fitz-
jpmes. Peer of France. The Duke received a letter
from General Bertrand, dated Fontainbleatt, 19th•of
April, 1814. This letter contained the submio4on
and oath of fidelity which Bertrand took to Louis
XVIII.—It was as folloWs: • .
" The Emperor having abdielted, I am freed from ivory. el*
gallon. lu accompanying hint, 1 pay the debt of gratitude sod
honour. I 'villain a subject of she King, and I shall bee falafel
subject. I ens persuaded that the Emperor has ifenelliCed in his
heart every idea or rsqurning to Frame, but whet 1 cm pledse
open for is, that I shall newer meddle with potties) slain s t
~ever was never a min of rerolur!op or intrigue, and I. dal dam t
have Bred, ap honest nun and a
.men of honour. It lee has
sin occasion to speak of me, yoe may without fear d bifts.
pltersvards contradicted, aims that 1 shin never wonder."...
ever event. may occur, from the line which I ham tzacpd wit*
myself, which is that cf my duty."
The Reporter then, atter stating the treasons of
General Bertrand, and commenting upon the above
letter, demanded a sentence of death against him.
Here M, JOXISISELIN Dm.aam.sx, cousin to General.
Bertrand, demanded a delay of three months, to
enable him to notify to the General the procedure
Intended against him,
• This request was oppoeed by the Reporter I and
• the Court having deliberated, at five o'clock it was;
declared unanimously that General Bertrand wail
spiffy of the crimes imputed against him; be was]
'consequently condemned to suffer death, and to pay
the expenses of the pre Less. The demand for delay•
was of coupe rejected. .
..Catfltlift IXTRAORDINARS. Oif WIDNZSDAT ARUM.
Workmen are busily employed in transforming
into an expiatory chapel, shis room in the Concier-
serie which was occupied by Marie Antoineue. .
This atternoOst, at tour o'clock, the lenience of the
-001114 of Assize, which emsdeamed Bridaet to' death.
'for mwder, will be executed.* the place de (rave..
We are assured that Gestural Pout% who. ht his
youth bad a desire for die .service of the Church, has
reuilved to deems dm remainder of. his lift to ,the
altar, and will at* ism as Wising sevaimari of his

,t ~ ..

EtV ak!"-

.

•
KV S'PAR. a'
T•zte,"
. ;,.
Ntitr .7tvzsto Alr titit't9TxtßY mum; WHEN
EVERY TIcATT DRAWN DE A PRIZE, AND
THE rutsr,riuzA MAT -BR issAool

• •
SAWIDAY, MAY 11, 1816.
PRIG OF wrocts THIS DAY AT WILVE O'CLOCK.
Rifts' ioff—osol. Ina Si} 4S-mter ace: 621# -
pot Cesi.l4-4 put Con. stf--leatis Is. 9s. pr.
°IIIIII.IIH—IsAJIIII. a Ms. Is. pr. - •

•

The Alien Bill was read a mead time last sight.
The majority in favoutof the Bill was very great-
-1411 tto 47. It appeared by Mr.H. Anconorotes
statement that the number of Alieni new in the
kingdom is nearly 28,000; that only 21 persons had
beds ant out of the Kingdom since 1812 under the
Alien Aet, and that of these 6 for having returned
without leave. The whole expense of this department,
as now regulated, is only ..43000.8;year ; it was for!
leanly 49000:

mfampliainr.

We have received the Paris Papers of *Wednesday.
They contain the Trial of .Ge‘al BiIitTRAND, 'ROW
with BONAPARTS at St. Helena, who has been found'
guilty of treason, and be is dinhle•tu be shot if de-
livered-AT to The French Government. It is holm-
Oble to rend his vile cringingletter to the Duke of
FrTZJAN2II without regardiug.hitra as is fit.subject for
punishment.: Be has proved himself, like the master
•
he serves, a despicable liar, and a coward.
The friends of htunanity will rejoice that the abo-
lition of slavery, whether in Whiie or 71.1.ick men,
continues to occupy the attention of enlightened states•
men in different powerful 'States. 'The insufferable
insults of the Barbary States, in carrying into slavery
the freemen of Europe, excites at length that general
indignation, which, if properly directed, must lead to
the entire annihilation. Of- iltis ,shocking system.—
This business has,been taken up with spirit at Paris,
S will be seen by the extract froth the Mositeirr given
in another column ; but the details given in the Mo.
;fircur are not sufficiently ample to enable us even to
guess at the extent or limits of this views pf the Se.
ciety. Our own opinion is known to the public.
These African Sows exist only the sufferance of
the Eusupean Powers, ...ad have been prolonged only
`hy the difficulty of producing such an Arrangement
between them as shall provide for the future-tenure
'ut their harbours. Such arrangements ought to be
settled—they are perhaps in a state of forwardness.
These barbarous Governments *shoutd be entirely
annihilated. Every one of these petty thrones has
been set up in blood, ay.,' they area curse tar the de-
graded inhabitants. Give these people the benefits
of European protection 'and jurtserudence, and you
willSionler on *Mit Meting-tor whith they will ke
.tery grateful.
None of the means whilst have been recommended
for the civilization of Attica— for conferring on the
miserable natives the benefits of religious instruction
sun be compared for a moment, in point of efficacy:
with the faciiities which the simple removal of these
tyrants would instantly present. The inhabitants,
by their removal, instead of being disturbed in their
individual possessions, would be protected in their
property; and, at no very remote period, w',.uld make
a proper estimate•of the benefits obtained• by the
change.
