PARIS, JULY 6.

His Kajzsty left Paris yesterday afternem
Versailles.

The Duke of Anonleme a!so set out last n;z,lit
for Lyons and Grenoble.

There will he a grand review en the Bth of the I'f-
tional Guards, in order to celebrate the anniversrry
of the return of the King, and FT th7s ren,..)n
Court will nct go into tr.enrning L:- ;:le Qum ut
Portugal until the 9th.

Lord EXMOUTH, on his return to town r,tcrdir,
had an audience with the Board of Admirilliy. II:;
Lordship's squadron will be increased lo seven sail of
the line. Sir WILLIAM CONGIRLVE had an interview
with his Lordship. with a supposed reference to the
service above aUudzd to.

imy.AL AITE.LLIGENC4I.
MAILS THIS DAY.
his. Due.
• 0 1 Lisbon• - 0 o
voerford .- 1 0 Cadiz - - 0
Guaiviii and Jew 0 0 Hanthurgh . - 0 0
0 1 . Oottenburgh - •
Frin.--ree . . 0 0 Malta - - • 0 0
. FALMOUTH, JULY 6.
Arrived the. Vertumnus, Mess(:, from St. Kitts,
bound to Lnndon ; sailed oth May, and put in here
inconsequence of her rudder being nearly unhung :
only spoke one vessel on her voyage. which was
an American, from boordeaux. Passed by for Lon-
don, the Sisters, BitOAD master, from Palermo, in 80
days, all well.—Put back the Arabella packet, bound
toyisbon; she only sailed from hence yesterday.—
Wind from South to West, fresh breezes.
PORTSMOUTH, JULY a.
Arrived his Majesty's ship. GUECIAN from a cruize.
DEAL, JULY 8.
Arrived and sailed for the River the Duke of Wel-
Engton, Bowan'', from Bengal ; the Rebecca, Lord
Cranstoun, and the Duckenfield, from Jamaica ; and
the Oakes, from Trinidad —Sailed the GA:4IO4EOC
frigate, on a cruize off Dungeness.—Wind S.E.
RAMSGATE, JULY 8.
Sailed last night for Ostend the Prince of Wa-
terloo packet, Captain PAGE, with Wm. DOUGLAS, Esq.
)I,p. and fatnily, and many other passengers.
GRAVESEND, JULY 8.
Ice areiwalii,—Raileil th? Swallow packet, Jas. Nc4aitt. and the
Agora, J. Wilvrn, for Hamburg!:; the Charles, John Connell,
kg Madeira and Tenet-life; Mary, Robert Cepplenian, for Ant-
werp; Fortuyn, Peter Doom, fer Anwerdain ; Grace, M. Smith,
far Leghorn; Financier, George Robinson, for Philadelphia.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, •JUI.Y 8.
Sears mem en OUTWARDS —The Factor, Malcolm, for New
York; Young William, W Williams Tulledge, for Dieppe;
Nassau, Stephen:, for Ostend; Factor, Robinson, for Vhitadele
Oa; Isabella Watt, Ferguson, for Ostend, Aan werp, and Bruges;
Beery Corr, Roxburgh. for Barbadoes and Trinidad; El habeth
and Sarah, Sua.niere, for Calais; Good Intent, Ellis." for Rot-
terdam.
!JAVA!. PROMOTIONS AND APPOIN PMENTS.
Captain A. I'. Hamilton to the rank of Post Captain.
Lieutenants R. W. Parsons and John Paynter, of the Bosine,
to the rank of Commanders.
Messrs. Jago and Cumatings, also of the Boyne, to the rank of
Liestriant.
I,:enterzot Edmund Nepean, superannuated, with the ratk of
Conn:in:oer.
I.f.zutenants E. J. Curet! and W. C. Harris, are placed on the
out-pension list of Greenwich.
Liett•cnant H. F. Young, to the Eagle; Lieutenant John hong-
champ, to the Industry; and Lieutenant W. Smith (acting) to
the Griper, three It everite cruixers.
Lieiltemant Loney to the Telco:lei at Chatham.
Lieutenant C. Sarratt to the Sank schooner, on Lake Erie.
Captain W. Pourchivr, Lientenan: T homas Bitchily, Mr. J.
klaster, Mr. .1. M`Leal,, Surgeon, and Mr. David
Purer, (actir7`, to the Newas't schooner on Lake Erie.
Captain Edward Collier, Lieutenants Thotnas Stephenann and
Hagh Roche. Mr.lames WVilaar.. , Mr. John NPLarcn,
Sargeon, and 111:. John ki`Kay, Futser, ;acting) to the Montreal,
a Canada.
Captain W. T. W. ()%, en, Lieutenants Wm. Henry, A. White-
bead, A. Gordon, J. lien.:eri.ott (acti.ir). James Lawrie, R. N. ;
Mr. J. IVPCoy, master. Mr A. Liacklock, surgeon. and Mr. 3.
Mark', purser, to the I(tivtott, .2.1 guns, at Canada.
Lientetiant H. J. Mr. R.:bert Morley. master, and
Mr. W. Bel, sar:;con, to the tlty se: Inner, at Canada.
Captain M. H. Herb‘r: , Lieutenant H. Douglas. Mr. H. W.
BaySeldimuter, Mr, A. Pertiarti, surgeon, and Mr. R. Slid!,
purser, to the Star, et Canada.
Captain P. S. II nobly, Lieutenants J. Kingeumbe and H.
Cbrperton, Lictitcilant of Marines J. Toby. Mr. Joseph Scutt,
Surgeon. Mr. A. Itciel, Assistant-Surgeon, and Mr. J. B. Sothis,
Purser, to the surprise schooner, on Lake Huron.
Urine:nut Henry Kent, Mr. It. F. Hippisley, Beyond Master,
and Mr. Janie, Kay, Surgeon. to the Tecumseh schooner, on
Lake Eric.
Capt. Bridges (acting) to the 'Zebra sloop, at Bombay.

The Duchess of Wellington E tst Indiaman has I
been destroyed by fire in Sanger Roads: the Pilo,
two Officers, two passengers, and many of the crew,
perished.
The Percy, YOUNGUI!SRAND, from Bengal to Ben- •
coolen and England, was burnt in Sanger Roads,
on the 19th of February ; crew saved.
Tile Cilediinia, CLow, horn Berbice, has arrived
in the Clyde.
The DANN, of 20 1,,0n5, Captain W. FISHER, ar7
rived on Frid4y at l'urt,rtiontli from a cruize on the ;
coast of Altica, which she left on the I.ith of May.—
Daring t!!e short stay of only four months she was
upon that station, it will be ht•ard with surprize and
indignation, she made the following captures of yes-
sels ille;ally emplo. ed trading in Slaver :
lt(Al, American schooner, ot 6 guns and 19 men. late the
Perry pt;sateer, which d.d so much injury to the trade in the
Bt t,gh Cl.annel, in the !we war. She had 7i.; slaves on board.
T!:nerariu, 18 r:::11, 80 men, fitted lir carrytng 6110 slaves
but had only 40 eutbot Ned, she being fortunately captured at the
cotam-i:,eiiitlit ot her hot:lane trade. She did not surrender to
the E.ttio ei.til att.'s- an obstinate contest, and she had had every
tail an I yard shoe awity. 'there were no papers found on board
kl'r. il).-! tio:sted Antericatt, and afterwards Portuguese colours;
aid had ti,e...vi:e a rest 1113 (called a fiat of defiance;, with her
came ti:oin it.
San Antnnto, Portuguese brig, with 600 slaves on board. She
took her carte in at Comart.on.
Nostra :ettora del Carmen, itpanish schooner, with 130 slaves.
A Spinish schooner, widi 400 slaves.—This vessel sprung a
Ifr.k at wa, bore op tor :sierra Leone, and was taken by the Co.
lama comer and die BMUS'S !attars.
All the alms.: vessels were captured trading in vio-
lation of treati,:•s, to the Northward, of the line. Its
Ina, the &nth-flourishes more than ever.
Throughout an extent of coast comprehending not
less than 9'JO leagues, the Slave Merchants are most
eagerly employed in this traffic ; their lust of wealth
is excited to it, by its yielding vs-them the enormous
profit of Three Thousand per Cent. Before the
BANN loft the Coast, the INCONSTANT, Sir JANII3
LCCAS Yeo, had arrived there for a four months'
cruise. Captain FIAIER has arrived in London, it
is imagined, to lay before the Lords of the Admi-
ralty a detail of his proceedings, and the informa-
ti-n which he has obtained upon the subject of this
:)otnniable, ar:d more widely-spreading trade.—
The liA.:l brings an account of the arrival of the
.I.)civert, -1.-itAAVE, 'WESER, and THANNi, at Barba- .
it.:.77s ( mhere the BANN touched on the 91 ult.) with
the t?J or Queen's Regiment on board, from Spit-
head; and aISO of the 'num:, 36, from Plymouth.
'rhe Avret.orm had been sickly, and lost a number
of men. The insurrection at Barbadoes was quelled,
but the Island was still under martial law. The BANN
• spoke the NEWCASTLE and °RON rES, on the 15th ult.
three weeks from England, all well.
The States of Morocco have entirely discon-
tinued the system of slavery ; they have only two or
three old frigates, which are chissay employed in carry.
in pilgrirls to and from Alexandria, on their•way
tt) Mecca. ,

THE ARiiii:

Yeactay the third Regiment of Foot otiiras.h ad
a grand field-day in Hyde Park, under the inspection
of his Royal Highness the COMMANDER IN Cettair.
Friday, one Captain, and 157 non-commissioned
Officers, drummer*, and privates, being the last clis-
bandrnent nt the 3d Royal Veteran Butalion, march-
ed from Edinburgh Castle, in order to embark at
Leith for Chcliea.

Yesterday evening her MAJESTY had a select party.

The Princess CHARLOTTE was taken unwell at the
Opera on Saturday night : her Royal Highness at-
tended divine service at Whitehall chapel on Sunday;
but, on her return to Camelford-House, her indispo-
sition continuing, Dr. BAILLII was Ent for. Ha
Royal Highness was advised by him to remain per-
fectly quiet, and not to leave the house ; and thus
the Pninorm, and the Palma her husband, did nut

attend Covent-Garden Theatte last night as they,
intended.

We are concerned to say that the Duke of Gtou-
csorren is indisposed. Fle was taken. on Friday with
a slight fever and a giddiness in his head. On Satur-
day he kept his bed. On Sunday he was up and
better, but he was not sufficiently recovered•yestcr.
day to attend the review, by the CONMANDER•IN•
CIIIEF, of the first battalion of Foot . Guards, of
which he i. Colonel.

Yesterday Lord CASTLEREAWI had a long audience
of the PRINCE REGENT. His Lordship afterwards
I,Tave,a grand dinner to his Royal Highness and a

select pa:ty.

The day. before yesterday the Duke of WELLING
TON left his house in Hamilton place for Cheltenham.
His Grace v. ill return to town again on Thursday
next, in or:ler to be preqent at the wend Fete at Carl-
ton House on Friday, after which be will return
again to Cheltenham.
The Paris Papers received this morning mention
the death of Mrs. Inumr. This cha•ming actress
lingered in a state at insensihility until Friday last,
when she expired at two o'clrck in the morning, at

her apartments at S. Cloud. Ti‘e tomer repo'it of
her death was therefor:, premature.

That part of Mill Street, Dumfries, extercl:rg from
Mrs. BunNs' Inis,. to St. Michael', Street, it; named
Burnt' Street, to designate to postaity the last resi.
deuce of the Poet.

Saturday last Sir Titomiss and Lady LIDDELL gave
a grand farewell dinner at their elegant mansion in
Portland place. His Royal Highness the PRINCE'
REGENT honoured them with his company. ja the
evening her Ladyship entertained a large party of the
Nobility and Gentry with an elegant concert. Sir
TnostAs and Lady Lwow. and family, will leave
town on Thursday week, for the Continent, where
they in:end to reside Ir two years.
Yesterday \'iscnurt and ViSCMIIRIeSS CASTLFREAGII
gave a grand dinner to his Royal Highness the PRINCE
ltEuLN•r, the Marquis of AwoLEsza, Lard nnd•Lady

ELLENU 1110C(Ili, ziir WILLIAM SCOTT. Sir Bk:N.IAXII::
81.C.32.1F:CLD, ar.d a select party, at their house in St.
darries's-zqua;:r.
Llbt night the Countess of SFIAFTEcaVIZY opened
her noble mansion in Gi osvenor -square, to ate fashio& .
able world, with a magrsiticent Ball.
Yes:er.lay the Earl of I.l.rz.s.rmout. ‘mrs gave a grand
Ministerial Dialler, at his house in Grosvenor-square.

Sunday evening his Serene Highnels Prince porn.! :
fita4v, tae Auvrian Ambassador, at his magnificent I
residence in Chandos.street, Cavemlish•square, en-
tertained , •
the PRINCE RcceN•.:, in a style et elegantly
judicious comfort which produced the highest pos'ible
gratification. The party consisted of twenty-six per-,
.ons, comprising the following :
The Prince Regent, Prince Esterhazy, I:is son the Prince i
Paul, and the Princess Ehterhazy ; his Escrliency the Russian
Ambassador and his Lady; the Spanish Ambassador, Viscount
and Viscountess Castitreach, Marquis and Marchionen of Heft- i •
ford, Duke and Duche-s of Montrose, Marquis of Angiesea,
Farl and Countess of Bathurst, Marquis of Heacifort, S r B.
Illoumtirld, Baroness Luancr, Costnt liombeli, Mr. Newman,
and Captain Bowers.
The arrangement of the banquet was as follows ;!
Down the centre of the table, in the great eating
room, appeared a plateaux, of exq:iisite workman-
ship,
in ormolu, the devices branches of vine leaves
and grapes. The principal ornament was a cande- '
labra, carrying ten wax candles in a circle, within
which were placed the choicest flowers; several other
candelabras, carrying five • candles each, assisted in
lighting up the table, on which were placed a most
splendid serv;ce of plate. At six o'clock the domes-
tics were arranged in the hall, and on the grand stair-
case, dressed in nem and magnificent uniforms ;
narnely,tweive Every servants wore yellow cloth, with -
broad stripes of silk lace, embroidered very richly
with the family arms, an equal number of those
usually out of livery were caparisoned in superfine
dark blue coats, waistcoats, and breeches, embroi.
dererl with silver in a style of matchless excellence;
those dresses had only arrived from Vienna in the
preceding week. At the head of the corps appeared
the celebrated Hussar, who is seen only on occasions
of state. This personage wore a dress which baffles
description ; the pelisse and pantaloons cost aln7P.
—At seven the PniNcE ltioeNt arrived, and vas in-
troduced in the great drawing-room to the Princess
F...rearlazv, .t very beautiful young woman, jast
turned of ‘L!, and highly accomplished. The priuci-
pal apartments, which are of the first order, were
admit ably furnished after the Grecian taste; rose-
wood and gold, tho cabinet work ; the curtains,
chairs, and sofa covers of crimso3 striped silk, very
rich and handsome. At half-past seven the company
sat down to dinner. The, banquet consisted of three
courses, comprising every delicacy; the wines excel-
lent; and the dessert was the finest ever seen. The
l'ittNce R.BGEN r was much delighted, and staid until
a late hour.
Wednesday, about two o'clock, the Earl and*Court.
toss of Cluavetc, with their eldest son, arrived in a
chariot and four at the Pier-head, Southampton, and
iromediately went on board their yacht, under a salute
lof I;; guns. Soon after, the Margravine of ANSPACII,
family, and suite, arrived in a barouche and set, and
embarked, where they intend remaining until they sail
for the different places which they mean to visit in
the Mediterranean, &c.
The improvements going on at Norfolk House ex-
' tend to every thing but the outer walls. Every room
. • will be altered ; some much increased, others dimi-
-1
nished. The whole of the first floor will be occupied
by a superb suite of drawing•rooms.
