TREATY WITH SWEDEN.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL, by command of his Royal High-
ness the Prince Regent, laid upon the table a Treaty of Concert
and subsidy with bwedtn, and intimated that he intended to call
the attention of the Hoube to it on Wednesday, for which day
he moved that the Lords be summoned.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE mentioned that it would be
very inconvenient for some Noble Lords to attend on that day,
and therefore he wished another day to be appointed.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL mentioned Thursday, which was
agreed to, and the Lords ordered to be summoned.
Adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Colonel PALMER'S Per Centage Bill was referred to a Com-
mitte; when the question bring put, That a sum not exceeding
£84,200 be given to his Majesty to be applied to this purpose,
it was carried in the affirmative.—The Report on the Bill was
ordered to be brought up on Tuesday.
Mr. ROSE moved the second reading of the Victuallers Bill,
which was opposed by Mi. T&CMAYNL. Mr. Rosa defended
the Bill at some length, when it was read a second time, and or-
dered to be committed on Tuesday next.
Lord DESART moved for leave to bring in a Bill to dissolve
the Irish Canal Company, and to appoint Commissioners to in-
quire into the state of their credit and finances. His Lordship
characterised the conduct of the Company as highly dishonourable
and ruinous.—Leave given.
Mr. WHARTON moved for leave to bring in a Bill for vest-
ing,in his Majesty, and fur inclosing certain Lands in Wind►or
Forest.

Mr. SHAW LEFEVRI said, that as the Bill regarded property
amounting to 24,000 acres of land, he hoped time would be given
to consider of it.

Mr. P. GRINPELL and Mr. ABERCROMBIE also objected to
the tin.

Mr. WHARTON explained, when leave was given to brills
in the Bill.

Lord CASTLEv EACH brought up certain Papers, contain-
ing the Treaty with Sweden.
Mr. WWI BREAD gave notice, that on the 29th of June lie
bhould make a Motion for taking into consideration the Stare of
the Country with respect to Foreign Powers, and is connection
with the subject of Peace.

'1 he CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought up the
Land-tax Redemption Bill.
Mr. HUSKISSON approved of the Bill, but said he thought
it ought to have preceded the other measures of his Right Hon.
Friend for the relief of public credit.
The BM was ordered to be committed to-morrow.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the Or-1
der of the Day, for taking into consideration the Bill for coati-
noing and anaeniling the Local Token Act. One of the new pro-
visions of the BPI was, to compel the persons issuing the Tokens
to pay in Lank of Eugiand Notes. Another ameldn' sent was to
prohibit the issuing of Notes under 20s.
Mr. WHITBREAD did not wish to add to the mortification
of the Chancellor of the Exchequer on this occasion, by remind-
ing him of former discussions—but he should like to know if he
still persisted in thinking the paper currency ot .equal value with
the metallic. lie thou6ht the provisions of the preset': Bill
should be very narrowly watched.

Mr. HUSKISSON said, there was an Act brought in by him
in 1809 to prohibit the issue of Notes under •tOs. value. The
issuers of the Loral Tokens were al,' sys compellable to pay in
bank ofy..i;i4nal Aotes. He was not lumseit di•appointed in this
Bill. He always believed it would be necessary to continue it;
and he feared, that, instead of calling iu our paper currency, it
would be necessary tp tithe the nominal value of our silver coin.
1 he silver Tokens had been raised in nominal value (Hear,
heir! front Mr. Ponsonhy.)
Sir Jou:s NewroaT in Mr. PONSONST both confirmed the
statt ine:iit of Mr. Ho3nissoN, with respect to Ireland.
The Bill was brought in.
Mr. WHITI3kLAD wished the Treaty with Russia to be
laid before the Houge.

Lord CAS I'I.F.K.,EACH observed, tbat such parts of it as re-
Liteki to the Treaty with Sweden, and as it would be proper to
nuke public, would be detailed in his speech In the debate on
the subject.

hlr.-WHITBREAD professed great faith in the integrity of
the Noble Lord, but he should feel still greater in the letter of
the Treaty.
Mr. PONSONBY conceived, that at least those parts of the
Treaty which his Lordship intended to communicate in his
speech, and which would be made public within twelve hours
afterwards, might be previously printed, for the convenience of
the House.

No ans►ver from Lord Castlereagh.
Mr. PONSONBY tben said, hs would on Monday make a
motion for the production of the Treaty.
Lord CASTLEREAGH explained.
Mr. BRAND gave notice of a Motion on Parliamentary Re-
form for Thursday.
BUDGET.

On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER, the House went into 4 Committee of Ways
and Means, and several Papers and Accounts were
referred to the Committee.

l'beC HANCELLP R of the Excligivg It then
observed, that owing to the circumstances of not
making a House on Wednesday, he had been pre.
vented making the usual communication of the terms
on which he had contracted for the Loan for the ser-
vice of the present year ; and the means by which he
proposed to provide for the usual heads of the rublic
Service. He was row, however, prepared to do so ;
and in making his statement to the House he should
not conceive it necessary to detain them by any re-
marks on the magnitude of the -sums requited, hut
proceed immediately to (WA the TArioul kids
_

pid hold himself ready to answer all goes.
uons which Gentlemen might wish to put to him
upon any item of his estimates.—The Right Hon.
Gentleman then proceeded to state the various Esti-
mates for the year, as follows, ♦iz.—

- - -
The Navy - - - se 40,000,000
The Army - ... . 38,9i6000
The Exusordinaries . 5 00o**
s
The Arrears of date - - 4,662,000
Of the latter sum 4,000,000 had already been voted;
and he should, on a future day, submit a motion to
the House for making up the deficiency. To prevent
the inconvenience of arrears in future, he had, in the
present year, taken a larger sum than usual, namely,
R 9,500,000, £5,000,000 of which had been already
granted, and £4,500,000 still remained behind.
For the Extraordinatios for Ireland he should

require - - - - me 900,000
For Miscellaneous Services -. 2,4J0,000
The Sicilian Sub-idy - . • 400,000
The Portuguese Subsidy - 2,000,000
Sums to be paid to the East India Company 2,000,000
These items would constitute almost the whole of the
required supply for the year, with the exception in-
deed of the Vote of Credit ; -on this head, he was
gonvinced, Gentlemen would feel the necessity of
arming the hands of Government under the present
situation of affairs on the Continent ; and therefore,
on a future day, he should mcve for aVote of Credit
for £6,000,000 for Great Blitan, and e 200,000
for Ireland. All these sums together would make a
total of £73,605,000, to which, if the payments, on
account of the Loyalty Loan, and the £1,800,000
already granted by the House for Exchequer Bills,
were added, the joint charge for this Country and
for Ireland would amount to £77,335,000, from
which, if £8,649,100 the charge for Ireland were
deducted, it would leave the sum required for the
service of this Country, standing at £68,655,900.
To meet this sum, he calculated on—
The Consolidated Fund for • . £500,000
The War Taxes - • 21,0,14000
Lottery , 9 9 . 200,000
Exchequer Bills im - 15,775,800
Debentures - • 800,000
-
Vote of Credit (deduct £3,000,000 already taken) 9,000,000 •
Old Naval Stores - - 631,000
Loan - • . - 2.7,000,000

Total - x68,806,-40
The Right Hon. Gentleman then entered into a re-
capitulation of all the items of his statement ; and
into an extended review of the produce of the several
War and permanent Taxes. He observed there had
been a deficiency, as appeared from the Returns of
last year, of about £1,500,000; but it appeared, that
on the Malt and Excise there had been a failure of
near JE:'!,000,000, so that the other part of the revenue
must have improved. This failure had principally
arisen from the distress of the manufacturing classes;
a circumstance which, he trusted, would not exist in
future. He had taken the Consolidated Fund on an
average of the three years preceding the last year ; he
had also taken the Excise in the same manner ; the
rest of the taxes he had taken at the average produce
of the last three years, and they stood thus--
The Customs . £3,607,000
'1 he Excise 18,235,000
The Post Office - 1,400,000
The Assessed Taxes . 6,5118 000
The four other Taxes 3,879,900
The surplus to the Consolidated Fund was
£600,000 ; but to avoid disappointment, he would
take it at half a million. The Customs and Excise
he had taken on the avet age of the three years pre-
ceding the last year : but to that sum might be added
£550,000 for new duties imposed last year, and
£250,000 addition to the duties on sugar, that article
now bearing so high a price, that the whole duty was
levied on it. To these might be added the Property,
which, if equal to last year, would amount to near
£13,000,000. The Right Hon. Gentleman then ad-
verted to the terms of the Loan, which we have al-
ready stated in our Paper of Thursday, and con:en-
ded that they were terms highly advantageous to the
country. He concluded by moving the hrst Resolu-
tion—that, towards raising the supplies for the year,l
a sum, not exceeding 27 millions, be granted to his
Majesty, to be raised by annuities. This and the
several other Resolutions, were agreed to.

THE IRISH BUDGET.

Mr. FITZGERALD then rose to bring forward
the Ways and Means for Ireland for the year ; —and
stated, that the sum wanted to be raised by new taxes
in that c.)untry, for paying the interest of the Loan
was £600,000. To meet that charge, he proposed
to lay an additional duty on

Tobacco, which would produce . £265,000
Malt, 3s. per barrel • - - 115,000
Spirits, tid. per gallon - - - 1 tO,OOO
Assessed 'taxes, 25 per cent. - 100,000
Leather - - . - 5,000
Postage of betters • - - 15,000

.C 610,0410
In bringing forward these propositions, he stood in
a situation which no other Gentleman, filling the
office which he had the honour to fill, ever stood in.
He was proposing greater burthens on his cooatry
than any she had ever yet borne ; but she was, he was
happy to say, in a situation better able to bear it,
since her revenue and resources had considerably in.
creased since the Union, and were now greater than
they had ever yet been. Here the Right Hun. Gen-
tleman went over various statements, to skew that the
revenues of Ireland had considerably improved. He
next took occasion to observe, that great advantages
would arise from an entire union of the Exchequers
and the Finances of both countries. He contended,
that such a measure as this, however some Gentle-
men might conceive it contrary to the Act of Union,
would be highly beneficial to Ireland itself ; for then
a very large Property Tax would arise from the Irish
absentees, who now resided in Great Britain. As Ire-
land was situated at present, it was impossible for her
to go on contributing to the amount of the Revenue
that was necessary to meet the contribution of the
present year. That country had no resources, com-
pared to those of England, and she was this year
bearing a much greater proportion than she ought to
contribute. He then concluded with moving his Re-
solutions.

14Ir. BANKES conceived that the gnancial system
of Ireland was radically vicious, and until that system
wa; done way, the exertions of that country would
never be available to the exigencies of the kingdom.
Mr. W. POLE digered totally from his Right
fion, Friend respecting the Revenues of Ireland : for
Ile was convinced that nothing but confusion, dilapi-
dation, and ruin, would result from any attempt to
impose War Taxes itt Ireland similar to those that
PM WU, Piled is Englaadt Uc did agree that the

Tre"Astrid of both eeontties ought to be nutted, and
their debts consolidated; but a greater tax ought not
to be imposed than Ireland could bear.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT said, that nothing would
produce ao much dissatisfaction and disturbance, at
lan attempt to raise the taxes in Ireland in the same
Imanner as taxes were raised in this country. Before,
a fair collection of revenue could take place in Ire.
land, the Officers of Revenue must be entirely sepl,,
rated from all Castle influence. The Right Hon.
Baronet noticed the great neglect which took place.
in Ireland in the collection of the revenues. In the
course of last year, the sum collected for legacy du.
ties amounted to no more than el, while in Eng.
land this duty exceeded 8400,000. This was owing
to the nglect of the Stamp Commissioners, in not en.
forcing the registry of wills. The Stamp Commit.
sioners considered their offices as sinecures, and one
of them resigned his office when he was required to do
the duty of it. Unless, tho-zfore, the Revenue Q.
cers in Ireland were comptiled to do their duty, it
would be in vain to law on new tans, which would
only produce useless murmurs throughout the
country.
Mr. W. POLE said that Government had already
taken all necessary measures to correct the abuses
that existed in the Stamp Department. Acts bad
been passed for the purpose, and all necessary steps
were taken for carrying the:lair:to effect. That the
exertions of the Irish Government had gone a grew
way to correct the abuses in question, was fully pro.
vett) from the circumstance of the Irish revenues bar-
ing greatly increased.
Ssr J. NEWPORT repeated what he had asserted.
He said that Judges of the land, and other persons is
high situations, had not conformed to the law, in re.
gistering wills, and that the penalties were not in.
flicted on them. They were screened byGovernmer.t.
Mr. PEELE defied the Hon. Baronet to produce.
a single instance of any person having been protected
by the Government of Ireland in the way he stated:
Sir H. PARNELL said, the system in Lel snd
was one of universal abuse. The Commissioners
there were under the controul of the Government,
and they had no power over their own officers. Until
this was done away, the revenues of Ireland coil!d
never be properly collected.
Sir J. NEWPORT said, there was a pronion the
Journals of the House of a delinquent having been
protected by the Government. An Inspector-Gene.
ral, named Beauchamp Hill," had been convicted of
taking bribes from distillers, and this man WAS still
continued in his office.

Mr. W. FITZGERALD said, he understood the
acts in question arose from the miserable salaries
given to officers. For himself, so long as he had
been in office, he knew of no delinquent having ever
been shielded in his improper practices. And with
respect to stamps, he said, that before he left Ireland
positive directions had been given to proceed again
all persons who h id violated the law in that respect,
Mr. CROKER assured the House, that Mr. B.
Hill had not been guil. y of any moral breach of duty,
although he violated the lett.'r of the law. He found
it to be the common practice fur Officers to raise fees,
and he took them ; but at the same time he ihsclosed
to the Government the fact of his takilig tees. He
was afterwards promoted, because he wasiound to be
an excellent officer; and if he had not been promoted,
some other Officer, mho had done what he did, would
have been placed in the same situation.
The several Resolutions were then agreed to; an 4
on the question that the Report be received to-morrow,
Mr. PONSONBY said, this was an extraordinary
proceeding, to take a Report on a d.sy when nobody
knew whether the House would sit. It was still tnorr
improper, when the immense sum now voted was con.
sidered ; and how could the House be desired to corns
to a decision on a question fur voting 150 millions,
so speedily and suddenly ?
Mr. VANSITT,A,RT said, it was usual to make
Reports on the day after the Committee sat, and no
inconvenience could arise from doing so. It was
necessary to report, as soon as possible, the Resolution
respecting the Loan; and the other Resolutions might
be put off to Monday.
The Report was theta ordered to be received to
morrow, and the Committee was put off to Monday.
INDIA.
Mr. STEPHEN presented a Petition, and Mss WW
WYNNE two Petitions, in favour of propagating
Christianity in India.
Lord CASTLEREAGH moved the further con,
sideration of the Affairs of India.. _ .

Sir J. NEWPORT then rose to make his promised
motion for putting off, till next Session, a question of
so great magnitude as one which involved the fate of
60 millions of people ; because, at this late period d
the present Session, he contended, it would be imps'
sible for the Parliament t•come to a fair decision al
this business. Such a question as this ought to be
fairly understood between the contracting parties. It
was necessary to have time to provide for an equal
administration of the laws, and the just government
of an immense population. f row% every view he took
of Indian Government and Commerce, he was con-
vinced the trade ought to be thrown open ; so "it
all the subjects of the Country should have a fair and
equal competition. He concluded with moving, to
put off the Report for three months.
Lord CASTLEREAGH thought that this mes•
sure ought not to be delayed, because it would tend
to keep in suspense the commercial interests of the
country. He hoped that he should be enabled to sub.
mit the Bill to the House in the course of next week.
Mr.- WHITBREAD said,- he had taken no pad
in the debates which had taken place on this impnr,
cant subject ; but he must say, that it ought not to bs
a question between the East.lndia Company and
Out. ports ; but it ought to be considered as ore oi-
volving the happiness of the millions in India, As
far as tie could judge of it, it ought to be a Company
or no Company—a mighty Empire or no Empire.-■
He concenued, that sufficient time would not ne
lowed for the due consideration of this subject. rho
Noble Lord (Castlereagh) had altered now very
much from his former yearly statements ot the
prosperous condition of the Company's airdirs•-4
For he nad now found that the Company's trade
was a losing one. The whole of the evidence when
had been called were in favour of the Company ;
out
he wished for the examination of witnesses rom
out-ports, before he could decide on this Val ImPdr;
cant question. At present he was but half sidnroe°
Ott this great and mighty question. He was kberel°___
desirous that the kivuse &Wald be better onusums

e
4
Us
No

the
eeo
oe.
1 of
Lill

ees,
,se4
He
be
ted,
uid

kn 4
aw,
Lary
mit
foie

:on-
or4s

ake

%
before it could ciania to' a decision on such st miser-
abl • Substitution as was intended by the Resolutions,
and the Bill about to be introduced into Parliament.
Mr.Whitbread concluded with obseiting, that among
carious topics of great importance, which kill called
for discussion, the 13th resolution, which related to
the diffusion of light and knowledge in India, was not
the least. It wet one which did not admit of halting
between two opinions; and which, after mature con-
sideration, ought to be followed up by all 'the wise
and adequate measures which the Legislatore and
the Government were capable of adopting, and tar-
rying into effect.
Mr. STEPHEN contended, that no sufficient rea-
son had been stated for the delay which had been
asked for. The delay, if granted, he conceived, would
be most mischievous. He was, therefore, glad that
the Noble Lord intended to persevere in bringing the
question to an iir mediate decision.
Mr. R. THORNTON could not consent to the
proposed delay, as he conceived it would be most in-
jurious to the Company's affairs.
Mr. ROBERT THORNTON could not agree
With the Right Hoie Baronet's amendment for de-
Lying the question three months longer. Exclusively
of the inconvenience and danger which would attend
the theasure, it would also be productive of great
Lazard and uncertainty. He Certainly did not ap-
prove 'Of the Resolutions in their present state, nor
could hearee to the proposed delay ; hint he thought,
that under eery circumstance, the House was bound
to come, even at this late period of the Session; ,to a
decisioh. He felt, however, an earnest hope, what-
ever might be the final arrangement of Parliament ,
respecting the Affairs of India, that his constituents
enuld give to that arrangement all possible attention,
and be ready to adhere to its meaning and spirit. .•
Mr. TIERNEY assured the House, that were he
to cause& his own personal feelings °isle, he would
be ready to vote for the immediate adoption of the
Resolutions, and the final adjustment of the affairs
of India; but he was influenced by paramount con-
siderations, which rendered further discussion abso-
lutely necessary. There were still several points of
the highest interest to bepansiderech Among these
was the trade to China, and the third Resolution, to
which he took the opportunity of declaring his inten-
tiun of moving an amendment. The 13th Resolution
also appeared to involve matters of very considerable
importance. But, independently of these objects, he
had to call the attention of the House to the great
difficulty, if not the absolute impossibility of pro-
ceeding to a final settlement at this late period of the
Session. In the first place he had to remark, that
the Resolutions, such as they were, were not to be
made Vie ground-work of the Bill, but to be sent to
the Lords, for their consideration and adoption, and
he would ask, was there any prcbability that the
P.esolutions Would be in a proper state to be sent to
the other House before the middle of the week after
theta ? The Bill itself would then come to be discus.
e:ci, and if he was rightly informed, many diGiculties
'ere still to be surmounted, fez ho understood that the
Board of Controul, and the Court of Directors, cen-
timed to differ very meterially in opinion. He was
justified in saying, that the Committee on the Bill
could not be gone into before the 10th of July ;—and
the Noble Lord could not forget that where there
were two contracting parties, it was requisite that they
should crime to an express agreement. The fill
therefare, be submitted to the Court of Pro-
prietors • and before it could be ready, the end ofJuly
would la; at hand. He should, consequently, leave
it to the judgment of the Noble Lord and the House,
whetherany attendanceproportionateto the importance
of the question could be expected at so very late a pe-
riod of the Session ? and he had to remind Gentle-
men, that at the end of the last Session, the decision
el the House had been taken upon several millions,
when five and twenty Gentlemen could not make it
convenient to attend. If the Resolutions were to go
out to India, they would but record the execution of
the Company with a respite of twelve months. He
certainly thought that a better system than the pre-
sent could not be devised for India ; and there ap-
peared to him but the adoption of one of two proposi.
tions-i-either to continue the present system, with cer-
tain modifications of trade—or for Government to
take the whole of the affairs of India into their hands.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that his object was
to bring ih a Bill immediately on the Resolutions
being agreed to in this House, without waiting fi r
t.,e concurrence of the Lords. It the Bill should
once go to that House, the Lords would deal with it
as they in their wisdom should think fit.
•

Mr. CANNING had heard no argument for de-
if% the rn,:astire which might nut, in his opinion,
be urg"d with equal propriety at any other time.—
With respect to the obiections which had been ad-
vanced, that the cut-ports had not brought forward
'Any evidence in support of their claims to a partici-
piti( n in the trade ; he deemed not only the absence
cf that testimony a proof of the justice of their claims,
bill he considered it an additional reason why their
fret--nl,,ions should be attended to, since they were con-
tent to leave them to the candid and impartial judg-
mentef the House. He thought after all the inquiry 11
wh;ch had taken place, that delay, in the present ad.
ranced state of discussion, would be worse than almost '
ay decision, as it could not fail to give strength to
,iracting opinions, and to increase that restlessness of
eoniention which might lead to very dangerous conse-
xtuerees. If the consideration of the question were
isijorr,led to the next Session, it would be necessary
to go over all that had been done, and to retrace all
the steps which had been taken. He had to express
Isis concern, that the affairs of India had .sort at all
times commanded that attention to which' they were
entitled, but he earnestly hoped that a more watchful
eje would be kept upon them, particularly after the
;resent Bill, which he trusted would be passed. He
'ought, however, that the extension of time ought
to exceed the hope of any Gentleman then in the
1-nose, of witnessing its revival on a future day. He
was happy to hear the sentiments of the Honourable
Gentleman near him (Mr. R. Thornton), with re-
ptct to ti:e Manner in which the measure would be
rcceiv‘A by the Company.
Mt- I'ONSONBY said, this was not a question of
the Company or what the Out-ports felt or
;: nt:ght, but it was what the House of Commons
aought. Did the House consider that time enough
had been given for considering this most important
<oestion. He, for one, thoutht there had not ; lie
:vas not ready to give a vote upon it, and therefore
lie WaS in favour of delay. Who was there in the

•
. . .
. .
Heine who underitood or had hid an Opportunity of
considering or making -himself acqiiainted With the
constitution and manners of India ? Much had been
said of the excellent mode of goveinnient adopfed in
India; and , the admirable manner of administering
the laws. Now he had been informed, that under,
this admirable system of administering the laws there
were in one Conn only in that country upwards of
four thousand causes pending. Under all the cir-
cumstances, he was of opinion a greater benefit would
be conferred on the people of India by delaying than
by pressing this question.
Mr. BATHURST was against further delay ;
sufficient time bad, in his opinion, been already given
'to the discussion of this question, to afford every Gen-
tleman attending full information on the subject.
After a few words from Mr. W. KEENE, in favour
of further delay, a division took place, when the nom-
hers were—For the motion, 21—Against it, 192.
Majority, 171.
On 'the motion of Lord CAsrLeasActi, it was then
ordered that the Report should be taken into further
consideration on,Monday next.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed
of, and, at HALF-PAST ONE o'Ciocen, the House ad-
journed till to-morrow (this dAy).

THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

____•
SATURDAY, JUNE 12. 1813.
PRICE OF STOCKS THI DAY Al TWELVE O'CaleKt
Red. 5515594—C0n5. shut—Cons. for ace. stii
4 pet Ct. 7qt-5 per gem. shut—Bonds 5a., dis.
Exch. Bills is. 4s. pr.—Long Ann. 14 1-16th—Onanillm 9 211.

The Budgets for both. kingdoms were brought for.
ward last night in the House of Commons. Six miL
lions are required as a Vote of Credit.

The final Treaty of Peace between Sweden and
Greslt Britain, as laid before Parliament last night,
will be found in our columns of to-day. We have de-
nominated this important document the jnatTreaty,
for it will be recollected•that one of a preliminary na-
ture was signed on the 18th of July last, and to this
it is but fair to recur ere we pronounce judgment on
that now before the public.
By the Treaty in July (see the STAR of sth Octo-
ber, 1812), after the common-place expressions of
friendship and amity, there is an express declaration
that Sweden and Great Britain were to stand in fu-
ture precisely in the same relations as in 1791.—At
that period Sweden, almost single-handed, and against
46 fearful odds," co-operated most cordially with
Great Britain in stemming the revolutionary torrent
which was spreading throughout Europe. After the
solemn declaration, therefore, of a recurrence to the
principles of 1791, the Treaty simply stipulates, that
if in resentment of the amicable dispositions of Swe-
den towards Great Britain, any power whatever shall
make war upon Sweden, her ally shall assist her in
repelling the aggressor.
Thus far the Treaty of July, 1812, and surely no
man in his senses can object to it. We know that
much obloquy has been thrown upon the character
of the CROWN PRINCE, and unfavourable inferences
have been drawn from the apparent dilatoriness in his
co-operation ; but we apprehend that the relations
between Great Britain and Sweden involve a great
public question, with which private character has
nothing to do. The Swedes have nothing to do with
affairs merely personal to the Ministers of Great Bri-
tain—the two Nations are bound together by sole Inn
treaties, the stipulations of which are before the pub-
lic, and he that runs may read.
We proceed now briefly to notice the Treaty last
night communicated to Pa rliament, and we should
have laid it before our Readers without comment,
perhaps, were it not that the whole clauses contained
in it have been unfairly converted into subjects of
complaint against Ministers, by most of our contem-
poraries ; as it is, we are heartily gl ad to see it laid
i before the Public, because many of the insinuations
against it will now vanish from before the eyes of
those who are disposed to be liberal and unprejudiced
in their political opinions.
The first clause stipulates, that Sweden shall fur-
nish 30,000 men for 66 a direct operation upon the
Continent against the common enemies of Sweden
and Great Britain." Against the spirit of this clause,
whatever may be the manner in which it is carried
into effect, there can be no good objection stated.
But the Second Article of the Treaty has been
subject to much misrepresentation, and as we think,
unfairly. Sweden, it is true, expresses an eager de-
sire to annex Norway, and Great Britain reluctantly
gives her consent, and promises her co-ope ration; but
what are the stipulations she exacts from S weden ?
66 It is, nevertheless, to be tinders tood, that recourse
shall not be had to force for effecting the union of
Norway to Sweden, unless his Majesty the King of Den-
mark shall have previously refused to join the alliance of
the N.;rth," &c.

S) far as Norway therefore is concerned the clues.
tion is at rest. If Denmark will persist in her attach-
ment to France, she must be deprived by the Allies of
the power of doing mischief to the common cause, and
the most delicate way of crippling her is to annex Nor-
way to Siveden, more particularly as the latter Power
stands pledged in the face of Europe that the
union shall take place with every possible regard and
consideration for the happiness and liberty of the
people of Norway."
We have often said, that in the present struggle
there ought to be no neutralities permitted—the ex-
perience of every day as the campaign advances shews
this to be a political truth of no small magnitude.
The very terra cif “ Cosmos Calif," eaclvd44 all

_

indifferent 41Pectatorstheire is Magic in the ivords,
and no Sovereign with an honourable mind will look
on while hii brother Potentates are hunted down by
tht numerous irrities of France. If Denmark; there
fore, be resolute in her determination not to join the
Common Cause, her Sovereign is un*Ortily to rank
with the Defenders of Europe. As it is, he is a
vassal to France—and his only hope of future inde-
pendence ought to be founded upon his turning against
his real oppressor. We scarcely think, after the de-
claration in this treaty, that he will find a person,
whose pity is Worth any thing, weak enough to de-
plore his downfall.

The subsidy to Sweden in the 3d and 4th Article
of the Treaty, affords another subject of blame
against Ministers. The answer to the objection is
short and. simple—Russia, Sweden, and Great Bri-
tain are engaged in a 66 common cause,"—the two
former send their armies into the field—the armies of
Great Britain are actively employed in the 44 corn-
mon cause" also, but in another quarter of Europe;
but she has still, thank HEAVEN ! a formidable Navy
and ample pecuniary means at her disposal. With
the magnanimity therefore which has ever charac-
terised this great and glorious nation as the true
champion of the liberties of mankind, a subsidy in
money has been granted to Sweden—it is but x paltry ,
million, and like a drop of water in the bucket com-
pared with the great objects which it is likely to ac-
complish. Put thecase that Austria was disposed tojoin
the common cause (and such a cage is by no means un-
likely), but could not for want of resources, Is there
a single monied man who would not put his hand
11 with exultation in his pocket to contribute to a %Loan
of this description i—We have not such a badopinion
of our Country as to suppose that such a person exists,
and we appeal to the Stock Exchange for a daily
verification of our position !

We applaud the cession of Guadaloupe as a wise
and politic measure. Surely the Gentlemen who have
talked so flimsily, in and out of Parliament, about
the capture of "a few Sugar Islands of no value," I
cannot object to this cession, while the real friends
of humanity, in viewing the benevolent provisions
made for the prevention of slavery in that island, will
regard them as additional pledges that the great mea•
sure of the abolition, although brought about under
another Administration, has never been lost sight of
by their successors.

Our commercial intercourse with Sweden is finally
placed upon the most favourable basis ; and we have
no doubt that, however politicians may theoretically
cavil at this part of the Treaty, the mercantile inte-
rest will duly appreciate its advantages.

Our Readers will see that we have abstained from
any personalities respecting the CJ OWN PitIICCE, as a
man is best known from his actions ; time will shew
his sincerity : in the mean time, there is nothing upon
the face of his treaties with this country, but what is
fair and honourable.

Notwithstanding present appearances, it is, how-
ever, still possible that the threatened hostilities with
Denmark may be yet averted, by that power taking
part with the Allies, in which event we may conclude
that Norway would be left unmolested. We say it
is possible, perhaps, that.T.)enmark means to change
her system ; for by the Mail of yesterday, accounts
have been received that about sixty sail ti vessels,
bound from the Baltic for England, were suffered to
pass through the Sound on the 3d instant, unmolest-
ed, tinder convoy of his Majesty's ship HAVOCK.—
Mercantile people augur favourably from the circum-
stance : at any rate it shews, that the Danes are not
very much disposed to irritate this country.

His Royal Highness die PRINCE REGENT transact-
ed business yesterday with Count MUNSTER, Lord
CASTLEREAGH, and others of the Ministry.
The Tickets of the New LOTTERY were issued
yesterday.—The Drawing is fixed for the 17th of
SEPTEMBER:

There was an arrival from Holland yesterday, and
the letters by this conveyance mention a serious dis-
turbance which took place at Lbyden ; and which
marks the disposition of the Dutch people, had their
efforts been seconded at due time. It is stated, that
on the 2d of May, some thousands of country people,
who had been drawn for the conscription in that
neighbourhood, assembled in the town, took posses-
sion of it, shut the gates, and declared that they
would defend themselves. General MOLITOR assembled
all the troops in the neighbourhood, and issued a pro-
clamation, that he would born the town if it did not
surrender. In consequence, same of the inhabitants
drove the country people from one of the gates, and
let the French in. The French then fired on the peo-
ple, killed many, and took some hundred prisoners, of
whom eighty were shot the neat day. The Burghers
who had joined the insurgents were disarmed. At
the Hague there was likewise much fighting between
the conscripts and the French, and several persons
were killed.

We are sony to learn, by the latest advices from
Bombay, that, owing to the failure of the crops of
rice, an alarming scarcity prevails in that quarter.--
The subjoined is an extract from one of our letters
on the subject :
" It having pleased PROTIDENCt a withhold the usual supply
of rain this season, and the crops having failed in most parrs of
the countries to the Northward of this Presidency, the
inhabi-
tants are reduced to such distress that, they have been obliged'to
fly for support in thousands, to the hospitable island of Bombay,
where it has pleased GOD to plant prosperity, and where the
people are both affluent and charitable.
" Upwards of 7000 people, twatkird parts of whom are wo-
men and helpless children, have received support from the sub-
sceiption during two montlis and upwards past, at an expunge of
rupees 15,000 each month.
" The native inhabitants have subscribed most liberally for
the relief of those who have found an asylum in this island, and
have solicited (through' their Csromittee) the charitable contribu-
tions of all ranks In the CointrionitT to cc-operate with Oyu its
mitigating the visitation.",

no MM. IV lUUI4 1.11
was the Company I
tion certainly thong
ght sent could not
peared to him h
tions—;-either to
tag
tr. tain modificati
take the whole
Lord CAST
to bring ih a
being agreed ti
the concurrenc
tottv once go to that
as they in their
Ised Mr. CANN]
of laying the rni:a
eof bc.orgnd with
of With respect t
P°s4 -ranced, that t
ua any evidence
Igt ration in the tt
It of that testimor
pal but he consider
oat re t.:ll,,ions shoe
Dolt
lent to leave tl,
men: of the He
Mat which had take
and canoed state of
iv ta
aoy decision,
opir
tea- contention whi
end winos. If tt
the i.iajo.tmed to tl
sub• to go over all
rek• the steps whicl
part his concern, th
pr.
conaman
ha ~ntitled, but he
the world be
in, ;:esent Bill, w
ILoto.ht howe
any to exceed t
l:ousc, of with
was• happy to
Ttu , Gentleman n 9
very L•pcct to ti:c in;
.the received by the
6,4
Mr. PONS(
ado
/j'!'t the Con
itch
01:ght, but i
out rilought. Dic
the had been give
xit• (411estion. He
sed
t'as rot ready
:ore be was in lava
ac 4
