---------. Right Honourable • Gentleman, by affording him
but as the matter now stood, a monopt ty was every information in his power; and a few words
established; and he was sure that their Lordships would be enough to give him in some degreeat
aft an idea
feel that it was impossible for them to consent of his measure. He should propose, ther a
th a state of things, unless they meant,to take certain time, private Bankers, who had now a legal
their consideration the supply of the metropolis . right so issue notes for sums under 51. to the Ist of
water, and to fix the fair price at which that July next, should, sifter a certain time, be deprived
. necessary of life ought to be sold to the inhabi- of that right ; and that, on the expiration of the pe-
nt was not lOng since these Companies Win riod in question, notes for sums under the value oil
applied for leave to consolidate their Corpora- 51. should be deemed illegal, and not allowed to cir-
tionsi but they had now, by their own private ar- culate, except on the deposit of a sufficient Govern-
ingesnents, accomplished what Parliament had re. meet security, A very considerable time would be
4to grant. It appeared to him that if ever there given before the new plan should take place. With
1 case proper for the deliberation of Parliament, respect to the circulation of notes for larger sums, no
was one. The Noble Earl who presented the Pe- alteration in the existing la* would be proposed. '
on had alluded to a proceeding in another place The Motion was then agreed to.
ch was likely soon to come tinder the considers- , FEES ON PARDONS:
of that House. if the measure ieferred to did Mr. F. DOUGLAS brought in a Bill for the
come before their Lordships, he could only say ,abolition of certain Fees on Pardons under 'the Great
they would not do their duty, if they separated Seal, which was read a first time, and ordered to her
the end of the Session without some decision on read a second time on. Monday next.
subject.—The Petition was then laid on the table. CHARITIES FOR EDUCATION.
MARRIAGE Or THIS PRINCESS ELIZABETH. !tit% BROUGHAM brought in a Bill to appoint
The Earl of LIVERPOOL gave notice, that he
Commissioners for the purpose of inquiring into the
would to-morrow move Addresses of Congratulation application of Charitable Funds for purposes of Edua
the Prince Regent and the Queen, on the mar- won in
moving the England and Wales, which was read a
'of her Royal Highness the Princess Elizabeth first time.—ln i •second reading—
the Prince of Hesse Homberg.—Adjourned. Mr. BROUGHAM wished to observe, that several
HOUSE OF COMMONS. . Gentlemen had expressed a wish, that the inquiry
r. Sirteant ONS LOW presented a Petition from Mr. Dar- should extend generally to all charities. The Untrue-
an Engraver, complaining of the operation of the Copy- tions, however, of the Committee by which he was
Act, in compelling the deposit of a certain cumber of
authorise bring in this Bill, confined their inves-
• dto
published Work in the Libraries of the Universities, and
public Institutions. The Petitioner stated that he was en- ligation to the subject of Education. The die hoiv-
lin the publication of a very expensive work, and that if ever, was sct drawn up, that if such was will of
were to be under the necessity of furnishing to those public the House, by the addition of merely one or two
Institutions the copies prescribed by the Act, they would cost
words, it might be made to extend to all Charitable
ins sofa. which would nearly absorb all his peofits.—The pet_
urposes. It might also be advisable, that the Coin-
was ordered to lie on the Table. p
Mr. Serjtant ONSLOW presented a Petition to a similar ..-.0-.- missioners to be appointed to carry on this inquiry,'
led from Mr. W. Daniell, the publisher of . Views in India, should he instructed to turn their attention to the
which stated, that he had been compelled, by the provisions of
state of education throughout the country. It was
lle Act in question, to discontinue his publication altogether.—
"he Petn was ordered to lie on the Petits the opinion of the Committee, that much good might
Lord LASCELLES presented two Peons from places in result from adding a power to the Commissioners, to
:orkahire, respecting the Window Tax on Shops, &c. which :
inquire into the state of Education in geaeral through-
rat: not dwelling-houses. out the country. He concluded with moving, that
Mr. LYTTLETON presented a Petition from thenos
in Staffordshire, against the Ildl for regulating Labour i Onion the Bill be read a second time on Monday next, and
N. anufactories. The Honourable Gentleman observed, that al- that it be printed.—Ordered•
though the Petitioners were not immediately affected by the Bill ROYAL stAltetAoll.
in question, they thought it their duty to protest against the
adoption of a measure, the principle of which was detrimental - Lord CASTLEREAGH gave notice, that to-inor-
to manufactdres generally. In the present enlightened state of row he should move t e usual Addressesneon
Prin-
ss the the sub-
society, k was much better to leave such regulations to the pre- ject of the marriage of her Royal High
voieng spirit of benevolence and humanity, than to make them cess Er iza beth to the Hereditary Nirice of Hesse
subject of positive and precise unactinents.—The Petition
ordered to lie on the Table. Homberg.
Mr. YORKE moved the further consideration of the Report BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
the Eau Brink Drainage Bill. Lord ARCHIBALD HAMILTON gave notice,
A discussion of some length ensued, in which Lord Watrots, that it was his intention to call the attention of the
it 31. Fortuna, and Mr. YOWLS prrticipated.
an amendment, that the Report
Sir M. FOULKES moved as House to a breach of the privileges of the House in
should be taken into further consideration on Monday next.— the interference of a Member of another House in a
This amendment was negatived without a division, the original contested election in a certain county. He wished,
Motion was carried, the Report was agreed to, and the Bill was without entering into further particulars, merely to
ordered to be read a third iii.:C to-morrow.
COPY-RIGHTS. state that it was his intention to submit this motion
to the consideration of the House on Friday next.
Lord.
ALTHORP presented a Petition from a
He wished, however, before pledging himself to bring
number of Authors and Publishers of Works, pray-
forward this motion on Friday next, to know whe-
ing to be relieved from the oppressive operation of
ther or not matters of privilege had precedency over
the Copy-right Act, with respect to the deposit of
Copies of Works at various Public Institutions. all others? for on that it depended whether he
should submit his motion on Friday to the House or
Mr. SMYTHE admitted that the Petitioners were
not. He would not now mention the names of the
most respectable individuals ; but the subject had
artiest if any Honourable Member, however, thought
been carefully examined in 1814. The Act had en-
h. e ought to be mere explicit with respect to the sub-
larged the powers of Copy-right, and made only
lea a his motion, he wished to inform him that he
slight alterations. It appeared that half of the pub-
had his reasons for acting as he did. At present he
lications consisted of 750 copies each: In many
should merely observe, that if it was not objected to
cases, wherein they- were not sold, there could be no
great hardship. by the Chair, or by any Member, he should bring
the subject before the House on Friday next, on an
A MEMBER, whose name we could not learn,
understanding that it should have precedency of all
contended, that the present law required amendment.
other business. If it was thought that it was not en-
He instanced the case of Lysons London, a work
titled to precedency, he should give his notice for
which, in consequence of the numerous plates, would
another day.
come to 60 guineas; so that it would cost the pule
Lord CASTLEREAGH, under the direction of
usher 660 guineas for the 11 works to deposited be
the Chair, had to state that matters of privilege took
with the various Institutions, before he could sell a
recedency -of all other business.
LTON said, he did
single copy, and that too in the case of a work of P Lord ARCHIBALD HAMI
which but comparatively few copies could be sold,
not apprehend that his motion would occasion much
and to the piracy of which there existed no temptation.
discussion. It involved a single fact ; and it would
Sir E. BRYDGES made some remarks in favour
of the petition,—Ordered to be printed. either be for the House to tile the subject into its
own hands, or to refer it to a Committee. The Noble
Mr. BOOTLE Vi'ILBRAHAM presented • a Peti- Lord concluded by fixing Friday next.
tion from an individual named John Britton, of Ta-
vistock-place, stating, that he was publishing several ROYTON PETITION FOR REFORM.
valuable works, the value of the copies of which re-
quired to be distributed by the present Act would the House to a Petition which he held in his hands.
amount to 4761. and therefore praying that the Bill the House must be aware that in his situation of Re-
to amend the Copy-right Act might be passed presentative for the county of Lancaster, a number
Read, and ordered to lie on the table. of Petitions were frequently put into his hands, of
Sir JOlll4 LUBBOCK presented a Petition from which he could not approve either as to matter or to
the Rev. Mr. Drury, against the Copyright Act. manner. The Petition which he now held in his
BANC RESTRICTION AND PRIVATE BANKING. hands, was signed in behalf of a Meeting at Royton,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave in the county of Lancaster, by the Chairman of that
notice, that it was his intention to call the attention Meeting. He was aware that the House did not ro-
of the House to-morrow, to the subject of the Bank cognize any Petition so signed, as the Petition of
Restriction Acts ; when he should propose a measure those from whom it purported to come, and that it
for the better and more secure regulation of Private could only be received as the Petition of the indivi-
Banking. He wished to give as early notice as pos-
sible of his plan,. as the subject touched the interests this was not the point to which he was most anxious
of so many individuals. lie concluded with moving, to draw their attention. Among the Petitions put
that the House, to-morrow, resolve itself into a Corn- into the hands of Members, some came so near the
mittee of the whole House on the said Acts. line of right and propriety, that it became a matter
Mr.GRENFELL hoped the Chancellor of the Ex- of doubt whether they ought to be presented. With
chequer had turned his attention to,an evil which respect to this Petition he owned that he had his
had existed for a long time ; the extent of which was doubts—it certainly came very near the line cf pro-
most alarming ; and against which the public ought, priety—but as he always wished to leave the right of
as far as possible, to be protected—he alluded to the petitioning as unfettered as possible, he should be
facility of counterfeiting the notes issued by
sorry to do any thing to prevent the voice of indivi-
the Bank
of England. He begged to know from the Right duals from being heard. There was hardly any thing
Honourable Gentleman, if it was his intention to in the prayer of the Petition,which was improper.
propose any means for securing the public against Whether in the body of the Petition some expressions
might not be considered as improper, he should leave
this evil? The subject was not important merely-
in a financial point of view, but to the morals of for the House to consider when they heard it read.
tl.e country. The Petition was brought up and read. It bore
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, to be the Petition of several thousands of people as-
the measure which it was his intention to propose, sembled at Royton, in Lancashire, on the 28d March,
to -morrow, bad reference merely to Private Bankers, 1818. It commenced by stating that self-preserva-
and therefore would not interfere with the Bank of tion was the first law of nature. It went on to state,
England. He could say this, that no men could be that many of the Petitioners were weavers, at seven
more anxious to check this alarming, evil, than the shillings a week, a sum altogether inadequate to the
persons in the direction of the affairs of the Bank of support of themselves and families, and the payment
England themselves were. of house rents and taxes—that in
this situation they
Mr. TIERNEY said, as the Country would be were bringing children into the world whom they
extremely anxious to know the nature of the measure could never support—that GOD never made men to
of the Ritt Honourable Gentleman, it was desi- labour and to starve—that the business of Quarter
cable that, possible, he should give some idea of Sessions formerly used to last only about two days—'
it at present. : He merely wished him to give some- but that the Quarter Sessions now usually lasted 12
thing like a Iteneral outline of what it was his inten- or 14 days—that chi's moral deterioration was the
tion to roles consequence of the unexampled misery and privation
me cIIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, in the lower classes—that general misery was pro
he was ectrtmelY desirous to meet the wishes of the ductive of ignorance and slavery—that a state of

11"•'"1"'"3-•
on; but
establishi
must fee
i to such 1
into thei
with wa.
first neo
tants. 1
• vain ap
tionsi b
r.ingesni
I fused to
was a c:
this was
tition h
Pi: ' which v
Lion of '
not con
.4
i, that the
A
1 ' at the e
this sub
Ma
.i
The
I . would t
to the
t 1 . riage 01
and the
Mr. S
II ' tow; an
right Ac
every pis
; other pu
gaged in
' he were
Instituti
him 30f,
doe ww
Mr.
fect froi
' which s
fl • the Act
The Pe
Lord
Yorksh
war.? ni
.1 , .
.sr.
44 in Feat
N.anuf.
though
I i , in qut
adoptic
rt to MMI
.t
ii
society
waning
;
the au
was Or
Mr.
of the
Ad
Sir M.
sir
ii 14, ) ' ' sionki
Tiii‘ a
biotin
ordere
Lc
Mill
I ing I.
the (
C .og
most
been
larg4
It
. . dig}
}kat
case
ilI '
'.
grew
A
cow
He
whit
con:
lisho
wit}
sine
will
and
S
,• oft
tin]
vim
• val
1 qui
. i
am
i I. to ;
4 1
, I
, ' 1
I ! the
.. '
no
of
:
. Iti
1 to:
1
O• " sit
of
) ! th
m
ch
h.:
.4 -
m
as
fa
of
P 1
th
1 'in
1 tl,
itC
/ i'
a:
c- ‘ i
n
. , 1
e
0
I .
N r
I it
ti,
i I ti
Ii
. t t.•
'l
s**
It
t. ."4..
tbAINk
ro I: .
1
1 I
... ,
47 '
\: `li es;
