•
FRENCH PAPERS.
Free& Papers of Monday onsbied this days
The Baptism of the Royel Infant is postptintla ttf
December, in order that the two Chambers may
assist at the ceremony. .
General Kamm, who was imilicated in the late
plot, and who had escaped the vigilance of the po-
lice, has just quitted Dresden on his way tor St
Petersburgh. •
The latest news from" Lisbon come down to the
21st of last mouth. All was joy and tranquillity in
that capital, and throughout the whole country. The
new Regency had sent an invitation to the Junta of
Government at Oporto, to join with them in the great
work of regenerating the State, and preserving the
i,public peace (which, however, seems in no way me-
naced). At the same time they sent to foreign Courts
to announce that a Constitutional Government had
been installed, under the direction of the present dy-
nasty of Braganza. A patriotic individual and his
wife have given large sums in money and jewels to-
wards the necessities of the State; an ezuknple which
will no doubt be followed by many others.
The reviews at Pest began on the 19th ult. with
grand evolutions of cavalry, followed by manoeuvres
of artillery. The EMPEROR, the Archdukes, the
Duke of CASHIRIDOI4 and Prince CHARLES of BA-
VARIA, as well as other strangers of distinction, went
present each day.
The Maxi:ear contains a Proclamation issued by.
Sir T. MAITLAND, High Commissioner of the lonian
Islands, in which it is announced, that the Grand
Capitan Bey had officially apprised the lonian Go-
verament that the coasts of the Ottoman Empire,
from Messolongi to Avlona inclusive, are in a state
of blockade. The High Commissioner, therefore,
strictly prohibits all intercourse between the lonian
Islands and the ports of Prevesa and Parga, pre-
scribes a limited intercourse for the purpose of com-
merce with the ports of Messolongi to the opposite
point of Santa Maura inclusive, and the ports of
Gumenizza and Avlona. The ports of Sagiades,
Bucintro, and the ether ports situated in the vicinity
of these, are opened for the embarkation of provi-
sions and catt'e, under certain restrictions. This Pro-
clamation is dated the 21141 of August.
Five per Cents. 74fr. 45c.

PORTUGUESE AFFAIRS.

ICLANIATIOX OF
A? WEBOI

11101112411ADOIL COIIIIICA (1
I), Anastasio TO ass

14 Nepo o Rey, e a Patriot, a se convent,
Neprao (como Pedro) o Dios slue tent."—Csnoss.
M Portuguese !—What is that delirium which impeb you on
to your_ruin, to the entire dissolution of name and power ? Do
you seek to follow those perjured troops—those rebels to the
State, and with them overturn that Seam which at this moment

is the only safeguard of the national Independence, and the pre-
server of the Portuguese name ? Rebellious men--meat cor-
rupted by venal sentiments, guided by bass passions, and asi-
mated by doctrines subversi►e of ail the principles of civil so-
ciety, lead you on to the most fatal coasequenees. They blindly

run after an Misery hope, a hope that cannot be realized unless
with chains and slavery, added to that yoke which for sixty
years deprived you of the glory acquired by the heroes of your
country, endeared to you by the blood they shed, and enno-
bled by the fame of their actions. The history of Portugal is
blotted out, her glory has faded through the shame of this act.
Oh ! heroic Portuguese name, never again will you be preferred
by the distinctive title of Portuguese nation. Yon will be a
Province and not a Power; for you ancient alliances are at an
end. The national interests have disappeared--national hono
urand heroism have evaporated into smoke. The deeds of the va-
liant Argonauts and ancient Lusitanians, who undaunted
planted the national lag in the four quarters of the globe, will
henceforward be deemed fabulous, and their acts pronounced as
the delusions of fancy. If posterity ponders on the annals of
Portuguese history, will not this question be asked—Where now
exists that wonderful power? Will not the answer be as fol-
lows P—ln oblivion, covered with the dark mantle of perjury
and slavery. Do those who Inconsiderately lead you on to so
impends an error, calculate the dilliculdes which accompany the
attainment of this chimerical independence? Do they know the
obstacles, the dangers which attend their steps? Are not their
sinister intentions self-apparent? What will be the reward of
their venal ambition, founded on the chimerical ideas and vi-
sionary prospects of future prosperity andindependence? What
political interests does the nation gain by such rash conduct?
What now becomes of your social security? What of your poli-
tical unity ? This now depends on an arbitrary force, divested of
all power and will; for can these be supposed to exist in the
perjured promises of perfidious chieft who for.the moment com-
mand you ?—Conuider, for an instant, the consequences of simi-
lar principles, and in the future you will behold a picture of
horror and of blood, accompanying the misery prepared for you
by the infatuated ambition of your neighbours.
What means, what resources what social measures have the
initiators of your crime prepared for you, in order to preserve
you from the chains which hereafter wid be offered to yoga by
that enemy, who at all times has been opposed to your national
independence?
Portuguese! If that name is still due to you ; if you still de-
serve that title so nearly connected with Portuguese felicity; if
you still teak: sentiments of adhesion to national honour and
evtt;y if thew sentiments still incline towards obedience and
to the Sovereign who governs you ; that Sovereign whose
sismetoes broke for you those chains of slavery under which you
groaned in 1640 ; that Sovereign who voluntarily took the fire
=62step to :valise the general emancipation of Europe; that
, who, in spite of the dangers and contrarieties he ex-
went to secure for you the greatest portion of the
Jl Monarchy ; that Sovereign, in short, who daily
wadies over your security with paternal care ; who sheds tears
ever the unhappy; who protects the weak from the grasp of the
Zezii who
cted eurtcjeeietves;
whothe supplication
aside s
theof thpeemoprpaltrdne,pwidowe,
of the Throne to contribute to your consolation. Is it of such a
Sovereign that these rebels seek to anticipate the paternal and
royal intentions ? No. Portuguese, you ought not to allow so
horrid an attempt against his royal authority. This your own
preservation demands.
"In the King the political unity of the nation exists. In him
are the alliances with other Powers to succour and protect you
from the designs formed against you, from the mares laid for
you by that nation which is your natural enemy. If the Portu-
guese flag is at this moment covered with mourning at the eight
of your madness, it will again its attelent character the
instant Portuguese virtue shall the former sentiments of
fidelity to our Sovereign. A sheet time have Ito live, altar a
long period of thirty-three years of mama service to my iiirsb=
reign and country, with strict fidelity estadhesion, but the te-
mainder of my days shall be passed in the saes seakerable gib.
ciples due to our King, and the true Motels at the
Long live John VI. King of the United Kit trisim of Portugal,
Brazil, and Algarve! (Signed)
" JOSE ANSELMO CORREA nENRIQUEZ.
" Haaburgb, in!' September, uno."
