FRENCH PAPERS. •

IMPERIAL DECREE. •
. " Palace of the Thoillerics, Nov. 77.
" NAPOLEON, &e.—We have decreed and. do de-
cree as follows :

" Art. t. There shall be placed at the disposition of sue Mi-
nister Director of the Administration of the War, on the credit
of the Budget of 1813, the sum of 27,569,966 francs.
" The said sum shall be carried to the distribution for De-
cember.

" 2. It shall be distributed among the different chapters of the
Budget of the Administration of the War Department, viz. '
Budget of the Interior . - 24,016,585
Ditto of the Grand Army - - - 3,55 ?081

Total - - 5:7,569,966
" 3. The said total annount of 27,569,966 francs shall be paid
to the departments, conformably to the subjoined Etat, viz.
On the produce of the 30-centimes, levied ar.- Francs.
cording to our Decree of the 11th inst. 22,067,622
And on the produce of the Land Tax fur 1814 5,502,344

Making an equal sum . 27,56906
0 4. The Minister of the Administration of the War Depart-
ment shall, by means of assignments (Mandats) place the said
sums at the disposal of the prefects, to pay the requisitions made
for the military stores of fortified places, and the provision, fo-
rage, fuel, harness, requisites for the hospitals, horses, or car-
riages furnished by requisition.

" 5. The Minister of the Administration of the War Depart.
ment shall direct to each Prefect a Bordereau of the funds, which
he" Will place at his disposal, stating the kind of articles to be fur-
nished, for the payment of which each credit is designed, and the
prices at which they are te be calculated.
" 6 The Minister of the Treasury will send a copy of this
Bordereau to the Receiver-General of each department.

" 7. The Prefect shall deliver In favour of those who have fur-
nished articles by requisition, assignments en the Receiver-ce...
nen! of the Depanment, and the Receiver-General shall pay
them from the produce of the contributions mentioned in the
first Article.

" 8. There shall be formed appecial Bureau of liquidation, to
liquidate and pay without delay the articles required, and,whkh
are furnished by doe departments, as the basis of this liquidation
will be the aSsissisid, not the fletidous value which circum-
stances may give to the provisions and articles furnished, but
their real value.

" 9. Our Miniiters of the Administration of the War De-
partment of the bustler, and of the Imperialhareassuy, are I
charged each, as far as concerns him, with the execution of the
present Decree. (Signed) By the Emperor, " Noloezott.
(Signed) " The Duke of DAS9IANCO

PARIS, NOVEMBER rt.
.4 *sty- held to-day a Counc7•of the Admi-
,altion of Military Subsistence.
Ms Majesty rode out on horseback this morning.
Be visited the street of Tournon, the new works at
`the Luxembourg, and the ancient, gardens of the
Ch•smense, and the new Wine-market. He was at-

tended hy _ General Count Caffarelli, Baron Mix-
gregny, a page, and Chevalier Fontaine, his archi-
tect, who shewed him the several works.
" His Majesty was much pleased with those in the
Wine-market, and conversed a long time with the
persons who deal in the article for which this useful
establishment is destined. His Majesty returned by
the Archbishop's Palace, the Flower market, and the
Quays, in the midst of a crond of people, whose ac-
clamations testified their joy at seeing his Majesty.
For nearly a month the enemy has been upon our
ontiers without daring to pass them ; the imposing
attitude of our invincible phalanxes, the devotion and
ardour of all the male inhabitants contained in our
provinces of the thine, has been sufficient to restrain
theis audacity and dissipate their foolish hopes. 'But
the danger is not passed. This generous movement
must be communicated to all parts of France; the
firs of patriotism must animate all souls. When the
theatre of was was still far from our country—whin
the cannon thundered only on a foreign land,. w*
might quietly contemplate those terrible sports or
Mars; we might lull ourselves in a pleasing secu-
rity. But now it is no longer time to slumber ; vet
must no longer talk, we must act ; we must thew
ourselves worthy of those memorable and difficult p ".
tiods when the liberty of France was in danger.
-. When the enemy was posted twenty years ago in
the plains of Champaign, an 4 threatened us with im-
pending destruction, all France, indigsrant, arose
spontaneously, and the enemy retired litecipitately t 4
his frontiers, and for whom was this movement made?
What had we to hope for on returning to our homes?
Anarchy, and all its disorders awaited us.
Yet France preferred honour to every danger; she'
chose rather to fall into the chains of her domestic
tyrants than into thoseitf strangers. She submitted.
- to the fury of anarchy, rather than to the shame of
servitude ; and novi-that all parts of the social order
are reconstituted—now that the enemy can bring us
only slavery or anarchy, shall we not fly to the com-
bat ? shall we not be ready to make the greatest sa-
crifices?

Who can suffer himself to be seduced by insidious
promises ?—by vain and fallacious proclamations ?
The enemy boasts the discipline of his armies, and
his principles of moderation and disinterestedness.
Can you believe, that, should he penetrate into ow
provinces, he will long retain hispretended discipline
or keep his promises ?
Certainly, the conquest of so many fl mrishing ci-
ties, of so many rich countries, cannot be achieved
without fighting, and
.then to what an excess of dis-
orders will not our country be given up ? what plun-
dering, what slaughtering, what conflagration !
Let us imagine, for a moment, the enemy at. our
gates. See the women trembling, distracted, flying;
the old men, young virgins, and children, obliged to',
quit their paternal roof, carrying with them some
melancholy remains of their fortune—seeking in the
depths of the woods, in the most impenetrable re-'1
treats, an asylum from the furies of the soldiery ; see
every where tumult and agitation !
Ah ! what discipline can you expect from those
i hordes of Cossacks, who have no pay but what they
can carry off from the inhabitants of cities and the
country—who, strangers to civilization, to arts, sci.l
ences, and letters, can esteem nothing which we es-
teem —respect nothing which we respect ? they have
burned their own habitations, can you suppose it will
cost them much to burn yours ?
Let us recollect that the army of the allies.is only
an army in the pay of England; that the coalesced
powers are only the blind instruments of a boundless
ambition and implacable hatred against France.--
What good intention, what favourable sentimer.t can
we expect from the Cabinet of London ? During ten
years we have been a prey to all the horrors of the
Revolution—to all the scourges of civil discord.—
Certainly, if England had wished to stifle the monster
Anarchy, how often might it have found the oppor-
tunity ? But, far from wishing to restore us to re-
pose, it is our repose which she dreads—it is our
power, our glory, our industry, our arts, which she
wishes to annihilate.
To reign alone over the whole world, to reader all
nations tributary to her merchants, is the only object
of her ambition—the constant aim of all her efforts,
of all her intrigues, of all her inconceivable profusion.
She wishes at any price to deliver herself from a ri.
v.tlry which distresses her.
What a triumph, what joy would it be to her, if
she could ever flatter herself with being able to effect
the ruin of France—to destroy her fleets, to annihilate
her commerce, to divide her provinces !—The ruin
of France would be the common ruin of the world.
Subjugate France, and the enslaving of the universe
is completed,
And can we deliver ourselves to such reflections
without shuddering ? Will not every hand be armed
to ward off such a calamity ? Ah ! let us not imi.
tate those Athenians, who, devoted entirely to their
pleasures and to indolence, were solely occupied by
the sports of the theatre and some frivolous tales, •
when Philip was at their gates ; but bet us =tent-

ber, that to preserve the laurels of Apollo, we mast
gather the palm of Mars

. PARIS, NOVEMBER SO.

We are assured that the opening of the sessions of
the Legislative Body is prorogued. but we are
informed on what day it will take place.
The Jekrual de ?Empire off' the SOth, after enntr,.
rating a number of Dukes, Duchesses, Counts, and
Countesses presented to the Emperor after mass c:,
Sunday, says—gi His Majesty, on the someday, held
a Council of Administration for the clothing of lb
Army. Count Daru, Minister of War, and Cour.;
Cessac, President of the Section of Wart were prt
sent."

PRANXFORT, NOITNIBER so.
We are informed of all the measures that arc
on the left bank of the Wain to receive the arm, s
of the coalition in case they should attempt to p as•
that barrier. The losses which these armies have
sustained during the campaign ate not yet replied.
and it is affirmed that there is in the councils of the
coalesced powers a diversity of sentiments concerning
their (attire operations.
It is pot ldry.Amstetten who has accompanied t; .e.
unhappy Ring of Saxony to ;Orlin. This counsellor
of state has not ceased to be in the suite of the Ern,
peror of Russia.
The most distressing circumstances of nor prevent
situation is the inundation of federative paper, in
which nobody has any oonfidence, and the value of
which diminishes daily. There, wasted but this in.
vention, of which England may boast, to ruin Cirri-
many and paralyze all the branches of its industry.
lly this means, And by the introduction ,f English
merchandize, all the gold of Germany finds its way
to-London, and we shall sum have nothing left but
their new paper money, which will be of no use to
us, except to heat our stoves.

We have heard with the most lively participation,l
that his Highness the Grand Duke, who has fled, has
been indisposed, but that he is happily recovering.
SCHAFFHAUSEN, NOVEMBER 28.
The decree relating to the maintenance of the two.
trahty of our country passed unanimously by the L.
traordinary Swiss Diet, has every where excited the
most lively joy. The agents of the coalition had is
vain traversed all Switzerland, and had done their
utmost to induce several Governments, particularly
those of the preponderate Cantons, to take part with
the coalition.

The most saucing promises and threats had been
alternately employed to lead the Swim Government
into a measure contrary to the repose and the interest
of this country.
These attempts have failed; the good sense sad
the wisdom of the HelvetiAns have triumphed over
every intrigue. It is affirmed that deputies are going
to the head-quarters of the belligerent powers to an-
nounce there the declaration of the Dist.
His.Excelleacy,the Landunman has, been autho-
rized to put in motion 40,000 men, who will cover
the part of the frontiers of Switzerland which is
*eareit tv the theBtneirssor- •
Some tictittncl naus .are to repelr to the front;erc
of Italy, othertroops will go to the Northern bon-
tiers. The Staff of the troops of the Confederation
is to be at Basle.
BASLE, NOVEMBER 21.

What we most desired has just been realized. Orr
Government has formally declared for the mainte
Dance of the strictest neutrality in she present war.
The contingent of this Canton is on foot, slid guard(
our frontiers on the side of the Grand Duchy of
Baden. We are firmly resolved to cause them te be
respected by the Belligerent Nwer&

/4ovEstazft follouPing is the list of the
Deputies of the 19Cantons to the Extraordinary Diet •
Zuatcn—Mr. Rainbard, Landamman ; Messrs. Esau. at!
Wess.
Bra nr—Watterwlllr, ancient Lenderman ; Messrs. Fennel
and Gruber.
Basis—Burgomaster Weiland and Mr. Counsellor Stehlin.
Lauccang--Mesars. Ruttbnann and Gerhard.
Fatsosc—admon. Diesback and Heneuschwand.
SoLtvlll—Meurs. Grimm, de Wartenfels,de Bollhand Frey.
ScnA rex AV S Zw—Messrs. Pfister and WailisCh.
Aral—Messrs. Arnald and Lusser.
ScHwiTZ—Messrs. Webber and Reding.
Urcraavraums—Messra. Flue and Zelgen.
ZUG—Mean. Sydler and Hess.,
GLARlS—Messrs. Heti' and Burger.
Arrstrzsst.—Messrs. Zell*egen and Biscltofsbergeu.
Sr. Galram—Messrs. de Muller, Friedberg and Koster.
Gatsosi—Maws. Gaudam, Planta and L. Autdecharea.
Munn—Messrs. D'Alberto and Rusen.
Tantoomt—Messrs. Morn and Anderwirth.

Vann—Messrs. Mural and Monod„ and D. Secretau, sen.
ARGOVIAMCSIIIII. Faber and Hamer.

The troops of Berne which are here are in barracks,
as well as those of Basle, 'forming a part of the con-
tingent. The troops expected to-day' will be quar-
tered on the Citizens. All navigation on the Rhine
has ceased.

o the 20th, 5.34, 101st, tend 102.1 regiments. All
the troops -behaved perfectly well; some. battalions
of the lot Hussars made several successful charges.
We did much mischief to the enemy: his loss may be
estimated at 12u0 men in killed or wounded, and we
took more than 200 prisoners belonging to ihe.regi-
rnents Bianchi, Chasteler, BenewOti, and tteutzch:
Meister. The two latter regiments have recently ar-
rived at the army. •
The regiment of Benewskihas garticularly suffered:
it his left about 60 killed on the field of battle, In front ,
of a battalion of the 20th of the line. OW 1063 has
been abOut 600 men, put hors di combat. * •
NEUSS, NOVEMBER 21. •
Many troops are arrived here. The Rhine is pro-
, t
ously swelled.
NIMEGUEN, NOVEMBER ai.
Ceneral Laubordierei is here, General Schinez corn-
rnands .at Deventer, and General Amey; at Anti:tun.
COLOGNE, NOVEMBER 2R
. Very strong bodies of French. troops extend all
along. the line of 'the Rhine.

ZURICH, NOVEMBER 17. •
The Nlinisters of Bavaria arrived here on the 14th
and 15th, as did the. Charge d'Affaires of Italy,
Baron Toseni.
His Excellency town Talleyrand, the French Mi-
nister, arrived here on the 13th instant.
