- &nem was
*died Odeon ; : (! ' ' ft
i•iaimmersirineuifitibeisi

girtfi IL tiiitrnsw-••• - • ••••-• —ir ---71 _-_-,7 z:-..7-.....2,---, ~ ;,___
.. .
titularly to the two•latter coo:Wispy The first goes-
titsa is, will they bevr the haiWilittedlsalittietptr iv?
, the second ii, if attempted, *hit 'lliiit'Ark.sirWi.
' ties 'of success? • • . ' , 1.),1/ '1!1.J()?, I
- In Portugal, we feel persuaded that,the peopleiti
unanimously in favour of the Constitutional Govern-
ment ; and that no faction at all formidable could be
excited against it. '
As to Spain, it will be admitted that public *pi.:
`llion is not quite so unanimous as in Portugal; but,
notwithstanding all the accounts of disturbances in
the provinces, the Insurgents are neither forted -tM46
as to their numbers, nor the rank of the individualit:
they are, generally, merely predatory bands 0444
by some degraded monk or military adventtiefritt4tiO
seeks to excite an insurrection, in order that Le :airy'
,
profit by the spoils. • - .i.,i•:;. .
The copulation of Spain, accor Ile a Census
,
recently taken by the Government, allitinnts. to the
number of 11,248,000 persons ; a portskittinu certainly
too strong, considering the railitarrehttnicler of the
people and the nature of the country, to allow either
France or the other Allied Powers, to entertain any
serious hopes of being able to reduce it to subjection,
unless, indeed, they 'calculate largely on its internal
dissensions. But why do we name France? she abounds
,as much with Liberals or Carbonari, according to
the Holy Alliance definition of these terms, as Spain
or Italy ; and, critically situated as Louts XVIII. is
with regard to his subjects, he has no means of help-
ing his brother BOurbon of Spain to reduce his sub-
jects to the slavery of the atecien regime, however sin-
cerely he may wist it :nor do we think that the
French • Government dere afford any facility to the
'legions of the Holy Alliance, should they contem-
plate a crusade against the liberties of Spain.
Stich are the difficulties the Congress will have to
obviate, before their " important and comprehensive
measures" can be canied into effect : there are, we
hope, others not less formidable in the more liberal
spirit of the British Government ; but this is a subject
we shall enter upon more largely in a day or two.

This forenoon we received Papers and other intelli-
gence from Bayonne to the fBth ultimo, containing
abundant details of rencontres between the Insurgents
and the Constitutional troops.

The accounts from Madrid, which are to the 23d
ult. state, that his Majesty having expressed a wish to
go either to Sacedon or the Escurial, the Ministry
gave him to understand that the moment was not'
favourable; first, because there was not a sufficient.
number of troops to escort him, and some danger
might be apprehended to his person ; and then, be.
cause the new Ministers have not yet been able to
make themselves familiar with the affairs of their de-
partments, and his Majesty's absence, at so critical
a moment, would be a hindrance to public business.
They have, however, assured hitir, that when tran-
quillity is restored, as there is every reason to hope,
his Majesty will be able to leave the capital for what-
ever time he thinks proper. The health of the Queen,
for whoni everybody feels the most lively interest,
does not improve.
His Majesty has appointed Major-General Zarco
del Valle Minister to the Court of London.

The following are other extracts:
BAYONNE, AUGUST 27.

.• The accounts which we have received of Quesada's
' expedition confirm the statement that he had pro-
jected a junction with the Trappist, who, on the 16th,
was at Balbastro, in Arragon, where his troops com-
mitted the greatest excesses for 24 hours, in conse-
quence of the resistance made to him ; the junction
was to take place at-Tafailla, and would have been
effected, but for a sudden movement of the Empeci-
nado, who, however, had no orders to pursue the
Trappist, but only the factious dispersed at Siquenza,
who had retreated towards Calatayud. In fact, the
Eni,pecinado learnt in this city, on the /Bth, the pro-
jected junction of the Trappist and Quesada, and re-
solved to march to Balbastro, which the first had left
the same day, taking the road to Huesca: he put in
requisition all the carriages and conveyances that he
met with, and on the 21st, at day-break, overtook his
adversary, who certainly did net expect to meet him.

The Trappists were surprised, and terror seized
them : the Empecinado completely routed them in
less than an hour, killed 200, made a great many
prisoners, and took sixty horses, the baggage, the
treasure, and a pan of the pillage which they had
carried off from Balbastro. The Chief himself was
nearly taken, and only escaped in the confusion.—
Meantime Quesada reinforced the posts on the whole
chain of the mountains from Ochagania to Tafailla;
the cavalry pushed its reconnoissances as far as Si-
dank three leagues from Ayerbe ; and Colonel Ca-
bra, with 1,200 men, made an incursion, on the 24th,
Into the valley of Bastin, into which he had before
penetrated, threatening at the same time Yrun and
St. Sebastian, where great apprehensions were felt.
—On the other
.bando the. Junta circulated Pro&
elamations•through tha *ale country on ;be Ado of
the Ebrb, theinvisiosivi which doubtless seined to
them. very easy. By this movement Quesada bad

diree-M:incps. 7' 7f HO

41110 fbitotefoi is the Procm.,_
clanilestigAi P4Pied af. BiLYPIPA4 fft4 ;Peer,.
the. Deithders of the Faith, inSpitiner 14' "1.
Navarreye4.—The Pro 4(8,r) 4 Pcfrerilii4;l4o!
Crated with the hey* owitins4etAllisnieWs. Tau iO favasrAt
religion; the King, and the eoenery, exhorts you, for the seeded
time, eagerly t hasten, Inspired by these snblifste id ear, rs'+ilfab4
the greatest esaslithiit Stir liseestors Were
" The wicked Constitutional system inipeesiy -attaskii NI..
Pon sWi ;,be
.King; !us& caner ently, a boffine inarchy, with
the #6lstalps of a bloody reroludon, threittens aileron apt
s;Governarstif; This twinges code, the Work of treason and
Wine, offers us, by earldom, a picture representing all hipds,
rdleseisses. The history of nations arid 'afflicting events of our
days agree.in demonstrating this.truth. '
Eft tie first time that we called upon you, under the banners
of the King, arms were wanting, contrary to our solemn pro-
' itiateiiset eels attribute this wholly to the machinations of the
'eviinatiiCe`risi); by means of gold, Were able to check for a
teontenttkelapid march of our first designs ; but-the manwortros
and iniffeitottle perfidious Liberals being now baffled, we
can Insureilfr*ity of all that we promise- We have hi our
Wrier swasstitseiket arms of all kinds, asunseellien,
clothing, and everything necessary to triumph over our enemies.
" We garrison an inexpugnable fort, which will serve as a
support and bulwark to the arms of his Majesty, and also as a
prison for those who declare themseives the enemies of our
mi. We have 4000 Infantry with .300 Cavalry, who, in their
fffit essaysin war, have been the admiration and terror of their
opponents.
" Navarrese ! the insults suffered by our holy Religion, which
is publicly outraged by the arms of the Liberals, recite terror.—
The proclaimers of the most perfidious of men cry aloud,' Down
with Religion! the Devil for ever r—(Affieree la Re gionl y
viva el Densaisio I).
" The soldiers of the Royal Army will bear testimony to this
truth. The people of Erro and Viscaret deplore the prefanatk
of their Churches, and the satrilegious robbery of the sacred
utensils, caused by these Vandals of Spain. The dreadful vio-
lation of Artajona and Anorbe--the pillage of Vidangoz, Lerma,
Iturgoyen, Valle de Erro, and many other plicesL-the assassins-
lion of the innocent people of Muniain and Puente, who were
put to death without being allowed the spiritual comfort of 11a
nitence—are authentic proofs of the atheism that inspires thenit
and, in sight of all this, will one of yon hesitate a moment es
take part with us?
" The hour of struggle is come, and those who do not issue
forth to the combit will not be worthy to retain the names of
Catholics, of Spaniards, and Navarrese. The standard of the
Faith is unfurled, and the banners of the King are everywhere
displayed. Hasten then to join them, and, bravely fighting for
our captive King, Ferdinand, this faction of impious Republicans
will instantly vanish, who endeavour to deprive us at once of
eternal felicity and of temporal happiness, by plunging us into an
abyss of incalculableevils.
" Unite without delay, and you will give to Spain a day of
glory and renown which will descend to the latest posterity, with
the immortal names_of those who have defended, at the baiard
. of their lives, the cause of Goa, of the King, and orthe country.
' 4, Given in the Palace of the Government at Ochagavia the
16th of August, 1822.
(Signed) " JOAQUIN LACARRA, President ad interim.
" JOSE JOAQUIN de MELIDA.
" BIANUEL de URIZ.
" FRANCISCO-BENITO de ERASO."

The French Papers of Sunday have been received.
The proceedings in the conspiracy of Rochelle were
continued on Saturday, when M. Meemsou, Counsel
for Bories, and M. COFFINIERES, Counsel for Goubin,
were heard on behalf of their clients. Though the
pleading of the former was frequently interrupted by
the PRESIDENT, it made a powerful impression. M.
COEFINIERES was equally eloquent and impressive.
The PRESIDENT read a letter from General DESPI.•
NOIS, excusing himself from not attending to the
citation of Bories.

These Paper* also contain the pmceedings of the
Court of Assizes at Poitiers, in the sitting of the 29th
ult. which were in the.usual style. 'Several witnesses
were called to very unimportant facts, and long argu-
ments were carried on between the PROCUREUR-GENE-
RAL and the prisoners, in which the PRESIDENT some-
times joined as to the bearing of particular facts that
transpired on the matter at issue. Much of the at-
tention of the Court seemed also to be directed to
ascertain whether or no Grandmenil, one of the ac-
cused who is not apprehended, had said that M. de
Lafayette was implicated in the conspiracy ; a fact
which, however interesting it may be on other accounts,
contributes not at all to tha decision on the guilt or
innocence of the prisoners...

M. Dmons, merchant at Brest, deposed that he had seen Co-
lonel Allis once or twice. The Colonel was presented to him by
one of his clerks named Bertheaume, who had made acquaint-
ance with the Colonel at Paris.

A Jurynavn eked whether he knew the motives which in.
duced Colonel ABU to go to Brest, and whether.he proposed to
enter into business with him?—Witness replied, that C.Z. 1411lie-
had spoken to him so semmercial matters.
The Paoceaaira-diaitnast..—Do you know Gen. Bertoell.allo.
Yet Berton says lasoitt a clack blaring your address ro..
caved no such thing.
Psoceleva.—lt is prated, however, that you received on the
24th of December, a bon welshing 15 kilograms : what did it
contain t—Hardware sent by M. Orondgrd, of Paris, to It Ber,l
theausts... (The witness produced a certificate from the Sub.
Prefect of Brest, confirming his answer.)
The chest in emetic& was me in which General Hemmen mil.
form Was mateined. domed Berta said time be bed •alblerseed
the box to M. Beniwanise or K. Dubois', bat obelielialllMilt
wimmry possible K. Ttabol. might have km)." "iiii*bith•
A debate then arose betworn the General and the
Procoreur; *bathes: the fortniw, being .4.11 half-pal,
bad a right.to wear his unifarnir 4,1; ij.„ 1)1..
I M. Dubois was isla?l,l/M it happea‘eil that be bad pad *,

,an.d. paddy*
• %rt.
I

thicmtiriaosiosi 004wo saladialit Osaka 151411011 d
IMO bitchtiloweibilinbr • • • .;'"‘" • r ,rzscr
- Fafnir.-I511) Isylaw.plia to Ayr, taMIN(4I4 • ; e, w's
.4•41181011.o..1- taN the testb.:: b ; 44: fe ;•-
. Tim Pancumses-Oussim. .(ruing his veieso)llldlhrt; yes
'We the imam to he t Freadrolleer. I adlOtte *WU the'
'name of that hammy to.declare whether yes heard Baudrier ti
to CrandmenU that Gemini Lafayette was Women* to be
obliged to go on trutehes. Raise your band and swear on your
:honour.'
e • •
, Wor.rat. (raising his hand).4-swear"it Is the truth.
A woman, who bad been Calk's cook, was ceded j sbe said
tioriliteni had lodged'at ber master's for two days and two
nigh*: °life said that Berton bad presented himself to him at
a sick hoarder (Cafe ii a surgeon), under the name of Jokeee,
Berton denied that he bad ever changed his mane or declared
chit he was iN. On this point'die aro prlnishublat et tome.
The witness Sauge, who Is rase tine-of the arena*, it whose
house, at Thouars, General Becton lodged, depot* that hi.
'speaking of the Provlsiimal Gevonowat, General La-Fayette
was named as its Chief. Ale and his servant both proved that
General Berton went by the naine df Doiboii, and described him-
self as come to reform the item civil authorities.. At first the
General would not recollect this circumstance, but in-the course
of the proceedings he seemed not disposed resolutely to deny it.

General Berton admitted that he bad takes certain measures
of unjustifiable authority to maintain public tranquillitr ; chit
they suet', done according to the spirit of the Chearaliers de is
Liberie, to"maintain the Garter. Nu °tiles facts of importar.ce
came to light is the course of this day's exatnination.

The following are further extracts from the French
Papers:

PARIS, SEPTEMBER 2.

The Moniteur contains a Rayal Ordonnance, con-
'fitting to M. de Villele the porte-feuille of Foreign
Affairs, during the absence of the Foreign Minister,
NI. de Montmorency.

M. Cauchois-Lemaire, condemned to a year's in,.
prisonment for the publication of a work entitled
" °pustules," recovered his liberty on Friday, at five
o'clock in the evening. Almost ail prisoners, at the
erpiration of their term, are liberatedsin the :nor;:iug.
The T►ibunal CorrectiOnnel gave judgment this
morning in the matter o! M. Victor Ducangc, Pic-
prietor and Editor of the Literary Journal, Le Diable
Rose, ou Petit Courier de Luirijer. He was found
guilty of acting contrary to the law of the 9th of
' June, 1819, and of March 17, 1802, in having in-
serted political matters in his Journal without being
autho-risecl by,the King, and without granting the se-
curity required by the law. He was condemned to
be imprisoned forty dabs, and to pay afine of 333
francs and the costs.

A Ministerial Ji.urnal spoke last night of a tumult
at Nantes, on the 28th ultt in which an individual
cried " V ive Arapoleox II." before a Swiss guard-house,
before the son of one of the first merchants in the city,
and some other persons. The gendarmerie, the supe•
rior Officers of the garrison, and the Municipal Police
hastened to the sot. Arrests took place, and a jud
cial inquiry will be the consequence.

The Spanish Government has published the results
of the last census, arranged according to the Pro-
vinces. The whole population of the Peninsula, in-
cluding the Balearic Islands,-amounts to I I,s4s,oes

M. PAIRA, the guardian of the children of General
RA PP, has written to us to state that the General never
authorised the publication of bef,pretended Memoirs;
that his family is ignorant frdln what source they
have IACR taken, and does not admit their authen-
ticity.—Constilutionnel.

Yesterday the LORD CHANCELLOR, the Earl of Li-
VERPOOLI Earl BATHURST, arid Mr. PEEL, had au-
diences of his MAJESTY.

A Messenger arrived at the Foreign Office yester-
day from the Marquis of LONDONDERRY (late Lord
STEW.ARYI, at Vienna.

Saturday evening, three young men, waiters at the
Steyne Hotel, Worthing, after the business of the day,
and tempted by the fineness of the evening, got into
a small boat on the beach, for a short excursion; they
have, however, not been heard of since, and it is
feared have perished.
Mr. FAwcrrr retains his situation as Stage Ma-
nager at Covent-Garden Theatre, for which he is so
amply qualifies'.
Mr. T. P. Coors and Mr. PiAngell are among
the new engagements at Covent-Garden Theatre for
the approaching season.
A broker who has long resided in London, some
time ago went from this country to Maranham, -in a
brig, with liberty to touch at Pernambuco, carrying
in his vessel a considerable quantity of false money,
in silver and copper, manufactured in Birmingham.
.He consigned his base coin to the Measurer, who put
it in the public coffers for the purpose! of circulation,
and began by distribdting it to the troops for their
pay. When the soldiers went to market for their sup-
plies, the sellers refused to take it. This gave rise to .
a commotion, and several, persons were wonnded.--
The Treasurer was arrested, 'and when the last acs
counts came from Maranbam, a sentence of guilty had
been pronounced against him, and be will undergo
punishment. The brig was detained, but the Broker
made his escape. These pailiculars are mentioned
in Maranham letters of the SOth of3une. This is a
fraud against which all the pew Governments of
South America must he on their guard although it
ought to 'be further remarked, that in the United
States dine are uery extenslin and succeisful forgers.
as the inbabitants of the. /banish and freesia West
-India Islands have ample reason to knOvr.

r-----"1111/11,711111PirriirirtWriurrrorrw1Pir '-, c
._. ' •
- ' _ ' , . . - $ ; : '..--" :- ' " '. ' ' •
. . s
. .- %•
' e •
•
2 portant sod -: ..,...____. .A.,44 ' w '
;"--....4 k (.Lao)) to &Meg UMW. l'"41. allialled that he did 14
I- - '', 'ri,',, Ms capseity of a busker. Berea Iliad gelkie sem to Bet-
iiiri "Aili, ifir4 V .
4 a ae leese.
die Wham's dark. at ?di id* deem Le
f 1100
countrisere , lii lc .-5,14
4,4 .0 . N tensitth: It 4" '
' - made to ~ . -,a , the Tra . ..-, lilt -, , A. 4. —d repaid
, • b. do low i
Yid, rit4rpe e , • -- . cal coria- % • " anss ffir fir 1 Lftallir-11 . ' Now,fr'.r°ll.l" .... . . tie ate aka arreseed %rem, wag caw back, and
list
ion. Noithe 'lwo . . tie . 41117.4111 ; .4. with suc- '. ,111: k upon I .' 7". •• , ' t'
.. lei_ br die'reminwr whet" be ha heard Geanisautg
or
it cess against Naples, - .
ati
se-
tendAllieciitsSobenau.sereigntos ofFraßnceussi,siiralsolastalusigar 4W:defer add k was ' :1101 0 ' •
- - - - - was 014 eau *Apia ter go ea
1014 tiparr.Mj... illigaa°7ll7lVl.""fessmamtian.fial;whiell' Ihit.
:tabandellatasave cal
Tia4rlnds 01143teenliza1411. ai of Illildatir
.... 7:l_
_vaitetztt_. ‘5,4
...1
