BE LL'S LECTURES os THE SPINE AND TH I GH BONE.
This day was published, in One Vol. royal 4to. with Nine Engrav-
ings, price 16s. in extra boards,
ON THE INJURIES of the SPINE, and of the
TRIG II BON K : in Two Lectures delivered in the School
of Great Wi:intill-street.—The first In Vindication of the Author's
Opinions against the Observations of Sir Astley Cooper, Bart. The
second, to maintain the late Mr. John Bell's title to certain Doc-.
trines now advanced by the same Gentleman; illustrated with
Nine Engravings.
By CHARLES BELL,
Surgeon to the Middlesex Hospital.
London: Printed for Thomas Tegg, 73, Cheapside.

r IHE WESTMINSTEIt REVIEW, No. H. was
published this day,
••• The subjects of this Number are as follow t Spain; Pam-
phlets as Negro-slavery in the West Indies; Memoirs of Goethe ;
Jones's Greek and English Lexicon ; Tithes; Landor's Imaginary
Conversations; Greece and Russia; Hibbert's Philosophy of Ap-,
paritions; Memoirs of Captain Rock; Periodical Literature, Edin-
burgh Review; Sayings and Doings; Wadd's Nugse Chirurgicss ;
Albigenses; Life of Joanna of Sicily, Queen of Naples ; Memoires
de Duplessis• Soane's Outcasts, a Romance; Reveries of a Re-
cluse ; Translations from the German, by Lord Francis Leveson
Gower; Translation of Voltaire's Philosophical Dictionary; Old
English Dramas.
London : Baldwin, Cradoek, and Joy, Paternoster-row.
N.B. No. I. has been reprinted.

WASHING SARSNETS, FULL THREE QUARTERS
WIDE, AT TWO SHILLINGS AND THREE-PENCE

PER YARD.
NISBET and Cn. respectfully inform the Public and
their Friends, they have completed their Silk purchases free
of duty, and are selling rich Gros de Naples for dresses at 3s. (id.
per yard, very excellent three quarters wide at 45. The best Nor-
wich Crapes at Is. sd. wide width ; Fancy Gloves 9s. 6d. per doz.
They also solicit inspection of their extensive assortment of town
print,:d Muslin, at Is. 10d. and their imitation of Canton Crape
Shawls at 14s. 6d; Muslin Robes with four flounces, beautifully
fine, only 15s. Coloured book ditto, 6s. 6d. elegantly shaded stripes,
with nine flounces Ss. Blond, Thread, and Urlieg's Laces astonish-
ingly cheap and good.
N. 11. N. and Co. are real Importers of Irish and other Linens-
-158, Regent-street, between Leicester and Bea-streets.

`EVEN HUNDRED PIECES OF CAAIBRICS,
J A CCONOTS, and ki US LI NS of various descriptions : like-
wise Irish Linens, Sheetings, Dimities, Bed Ticks, Quilts, Counter-
panes, Blankets, and other Linen Drapery Goods of superior quali-
ties, with every description of Goods usually kept by Linen Drapers.
The whole to be Sold at the WAREHOUSE, corner of RED-
CROSS-STR KET, Barbican (the name of MEDHURST over
the doors), without any reserve whatever, being Bankrupts' Stocks
and Unredeemed Goods of Pawnbriskers.—The TRUSTEES of
the Bankrupts beg to inform the Heads of Families and the Public
in general, that 'they are authorised to SELL NINE Tliou-
SA ND POUNDS WORTH of PRIME GOODS, and recom-
mend the following Articles to immediate attention : Muslins of
every description, at less than half the usual price; 512 pieces 4.4
and 7-8 Grass Bleached Irish Linens, very strong, at 6d. a yard ;
beautifully fine, and particularly stout, Is. per yard ; the finest
quality, Is. 6d. per yard, same as generally sold at 45.6 d. per yard;
a large quantity of Home-spun Sheeting, at 61. per yard ; real
Russia, Is. per yard; large-size Blankets, at 4s. a pair ; Counter-
pastes, soiled only in one fold, fit for four-post beds, ss. 6d. each;
Twilled and Plain Stuffs, 3d. per yard ; excellent Black arid Co-'
loured Botubasines, 9d. per yard; Figured and Plain Lustre*, only
10d. per yard ; Cambric and Jactonot Muslins, yard and half siVide,l
at 6d. per yard; Sprigged, Checked, and Corded Muslins, at sd.
per yard; full width Dlack, Twilled, and Plain Sari:lett, 21. per
yard; real Chintz FornitureS, warranted fast colours, 6d. per yard;
Men, Id. per yard ; beautiful ell-wide India Longeloth, 6d. per
yard ; Prints, 3d. per yard ; superfine, and quite nets pattenis, 84.
per yard ; yard and a half wide wove in Cotton Shawls, 9d. each;
700 Silk Shawls and Scarfs, at 7s. 6d. each, worth sit times the
money; a lot of Silk Handkerchiefs, at •2s. 6d. each; real Welsh
Flannel, Old. a yard; Bed Ticks, that will wear for 20 years, only
6d. per yard.
Men's and Women's Stockings, to be sold at 6d. per pair.
Yard and half wide Table Linen, double the substance generally
to be met with, at Is. per yard; also several hundred rich Damask
and Diaper Tablecloths, somewhat soiled, at halt-price; the whole
warranted sound, and suitable for Families of the first respettabllity
Observe, at J. MED EIUR3T'S, Corner of Redcroas-street,
Barbican.
