COMMON COUNCIL.

Yesterday a numerous meeting was held at Guild-
hell.. The usual business of the day beifig gone
through, the LORD MAYOR informed Court that they
were specially aiseenbled for the purpose 44 of consi-
dering the propriety of presenting a loyal and dutiful
Address to the l'aiNce REGENT, congratulating him
oti the hippy termination of hostilities with America."
Mr. WarrnsiaN began by observing, tho in offer-
Liz: himself to the .attention of the Court; on a subject
Of so hiLth importance, it was impossible for him not
en feel !hst the present occasion furnished no oppor-
tunity of doina it justice ; but he was hardly aware,
that in submitting to them a motion, the object of
which seas to express their joy, that a conclusion had
it tact arrived to that state of calamity and warfare
in which Europe, and at length America, had been
involved, .he had to dread any very serious, or any
direct opposition at all. The o!jections to he urged,
of which he could he presumed to have any know-
lege, were such as appeared to him, in not combating
the principle, to apply only to the question of time in
presenting,.or the question as to the form and nature
of the Address to be presented. He had heard cer-
tainly that the present motion had bees considered by
sortie r.. 1 premature. In this he could not agree, for
he th-tight this ot. all others the fittest moment for
such a measure, if in itself such a measure was fit to
be adopted. The practical purpose of his proposition
was to cangratulate his Royal Highness on the signa-
- tune of the Treaty of Peace w!th America. .If the
peace was not a proper or an honourable peace, that
would be a good argument against his motion. He
certainly did not propose to congratulate the Ameri-
can . Government or people on the event. It had
been said, 'that the President of the United States
Might refuse to ratify she treaty. Was that any real
or solid objection to his motion ? Surely, if we deem-
ed the peace hOnoutable to ourselves, happy for the
empire, and beneficial to all classes—if we knew that
in negociating such a peace our motives had been
praiseworthy, we could not be at a loss in justifying
ourselves in now indulging in a strain of general con-
gratulation.—( Hear, hear).—When, however, he
looked to the distresses that characterised every de-
partment of our national situation, to distresses equally
affecting the agricultural and commercial classes of
the cor.munity, he thought the time hid come for
:narking the sense of that Court at the termination of
a war which he hoped had put a final end to those
Contentions that had disgraced Europe for 20 years.
Many persons might be disposed to doubt how far the
terms of the treaty were such as the state of the war
might wat rant, and how far it was probable that the
same terms might have been obt:ined two years, or,
according to ethers, six months ago : but in addresses
such as that he was about to propose, the single ob-
ject was that of expressing congratulation, without a
wish on the one hand to pay compliments, or on the
other to cast reflections on any individuals official or
otherwise. Whenever he should be convinced that,
independent of these events, some substantial benefit
bad aeon conferred on the country by the measures
of an administration, he would he amongst the first
to vote to them the tribute of their applause. There
were connected with the great question before them,
undoubtedly many others, into which he did not think
it necessary to enter, viz. the extent of our commer-
cial losses, their causes, the qaestion of neutral rights,
and of our own maritime predominance. What was
to him clear, was that no object or advantage was to
be gained by us in a further prosecution of the war.
If the war had been misconducted, and as good or a
better peace might have been made some time past,
a period would shortly arrive for full enquiry, and
when all those questions might be fully discussed. As
the subject now presented itself, no responsibility
whatever of administration prevented them from en-
tertaining it. Probably, when that enquiry • should
be entered into, Ministers would be triumphantly acr
quitted. It was his duty certainly to apprise the
Court, when he submitted his immediate motion,
what the form and nature of the Address to be. voted
would be. He did hope that the abuse so profusely
poured forth against America, but which had flowed
with equal prodigality against France, might, by, a
judicious mixture of candour and forgetfulness, be
*gradually worn away holm the public mind. After
so much and such continual recrimination, much ran-
cour must remain behind ; and it might be a task of
some difficulty, but of the greatest importance, to
obliterate it as speedily. as possible. Or. looking at
all the difficulties. of the country, and particularly at
its financial situation, at its increasing burthens, and
the obstacles in the way of raising further supplies,
be was disvosed to regard the peace with America as
a most fortunate occurrence for the empire.—(Hear,
iar).-11 our flag had been disgraced—if the war
had been mismanaged - if there had been culpable
negligence in the conduct of admihistration, the day
or that enquiry was at hand, and be would be the
isisfittan. to step 'forward in exculpation of such mis-
conduct. If there had been lamentable defeats, we
baclatt least the consolation to reflect, that these de.
feats were not to be ascribed to any want of energy
-ihE' British character, that they were not inapt,.
table defects in the conduct of our officers and &ea-
rl:l6u ( Hear, hear ! )—lf defeats had taken place,
they were to be accounted for by the circumstances of
our relative, situation, the state of our shipping, and
bur comparative force 'in the American seas. We
wan now; however, about to return to the Most na-
tural and beneficial commerce which this country en-
joyed, and had a right to indulge the best founded
topes of relief from our most obnoxious burthens,
. and even from that very tax against which they had
so lately petitioned. He sheuld conclude by moving,
as That a loyal and dutiful Address be presented to
the Pionce Rester, to congratulate his Royal High-
.ness on the conclusion of the late Treaty of Peace
with America."
Mr. FAVELL seconded the motion, and trusted that
the unanimity so desirable on such an occasion would
not be disturbed by any unnecessary opposition.
There could be nothing dishonourable in congratu-
lating the Sovereign or the country on the restoration
of general tranquillity to the world. It was for cold
and sanguinary politicians to fill their pages with the
embers of civil discord. It was for knight-errants,
sit ing at their desks and armed with goose.quills, to
put on armour where no danger was at hand, and
4,0 echo the war-whoop, and, aided by a few &adios,
to reverberate the dream of contriest. But it
was for rational men to rejoice at the RaapiepOUs

:_

;.o:fltiaN

omen of pace. A wit Wirkit of aiettetyst:rits
once quoted by Mr. Foe foe 'this very len be
meant Cicero. and the sentiaent was to be , •
pot in any of his more abstruse wolf., but is almost
every school book, "
antefero." This was undoubtedly a strong sentimp nt.
but it was fundamentally just, and as far as their
knowledge could go, they had every reason to re
juice at the conclusion of war with America. If we
had succeeded to the utmost of our most ambitious
views, and after extraordinary exertions, and wasting
the prime of our youth, and the remaining resources
of our treasury, we should be able to dismantle every.
American fortress, and drive the population to the
woods, what would be the effect? We should lose
our best customer, and have, perhaps, laid the foun-
dation for. the same ruinous schemes which were so
signally disappointed in the result of the last war.—
In his mind it would be well, if, after the termina-
tion of every war, Parliament would appoint a select
and solemn Committee, tri enquire not only into the
mode in which the war had been carried on. but the
object for which it had been begun, and those which
were finally accomplished.
Mr. BROWN thought, that unless Cicero was right
in preferring, as he had been represented to do, a
disgractful peace to an honourable war, the opinions
of the last speaker would hardly be adopted in that
assembly. As to the questiou immediately before
them, they neither knew precisely what the terms of
the peace were, nor, whatever they were, whether
they would be ratified by the American Government.
It was something extraordinary to see persons, who so
lately held up interminable war as preferable to a
continuance of the slave-trade, now so forward to
hail the conclusion of war as of itself satisfying every
object. It was to be considered, that it they now
congratulated the Prince Regent, the time might
come when, on the refusal of America to ratify the
treaty, they might he called on to accuse Admini.
stration of having insisted on terms which it was in-
compatible with the dignity and character of the
American Government to accept.
Mr. DixoN made, some severe remarks on the ob.
vious difference between the words of the present
motion, and those in which the requisition had been
framed. The requisition referred to the " termina-
tion of hostilities," the motion .4 to the signature of
the treaty of peace." The alteration had probably
proceeded from a very sufficient reason, because it
was after Wards discovered that hostilities, even in the
event of ratification, could not be suspended for some
time, nor until a. time had elapsed proportioned to
the situation of our fleets and armies abroad. He
agreed with much of the speech of his worthy and
eloquent friend (Mr. Waithman), but regretted that
he should have checked his candour, by deeming it
necessary to reserve to himself a right hereafter of
visting the past sins of administration, and of (its.
covering blame in that, the result of which lie con-
sidered matter of general congratulation. For his
own part he agreed, that this was a question in which
unanimity was particularly desirable, and for this rea-
son he was strongly of opinion that a little delay
would be highly advantageous. Wait but a little,
and they might go up, one and all, with a cheerful
and unanimous feeling, to congratulate the throne on
this fortunate event. He did not envy the
of the worthy gentleman who seconded the address,
and who cited Cicero in support of his doctrine, that
it was better to be dishonourably at peace than just].)
at war ; but as he had thought proper tomake what he
might call personal reflections, he should tell him that
the man who in privacy reflected on an important
question, was as likely to arrive at as sound an ol.i-
nioa as those who indulged in the sudden effusions of
oratory. Mr. Beckford had been alluded to as an
oracle of city virtue—Mr. Beckforci, who, whilst he
was declaiming about liberty, was keeping ten 'hoe-
sand of his fellow creatures in a state of slavery:
Whatever might be said about the American war.
he should always maintain, that it Was undertaken
in defence of ourselves, and he was sorry that Ame-
rica had not been chastised. If ever one country had
taken advantage of another in its mast perilous condi.
tion, whilst fighting not only for itself, but for the
freedom of the world, that country was; America.—
Nevertheless he rejoiced that hostilities were over, and
was sorry he could not assent to the present motion,
because he considered it premature.
Mr. HARVEY was surprised that the ingenuity of
the Gentleman opposite to him had not been able to
defeat the object of his worthy Friend by any more
powerful objections, than a criticism on the words in
which it was framed. The object of the motion was
to express their rejoicings at the tvent of peace; and
all who had been accustomed to consider that event
as synonimous with the general happiness of man-
kind, must retort upon the last speaker the charge of
disturbing that unanimity with which it was so con-
sistent in those to act who had long recommended a
pacific policy, and now hailed the brightness of that
prospect of general tranquillity and permanent re-
pose that appeared to dawn upon the world. He
thought the worthy Gentleman had acted most re-
prehensibly in bringing before their view what he
should rather have attempted to conceal under the
veirof 6btivion—he meant the history of the Ameri-
can war, and that long series of irregularity, defeat,
mismanagement, and disgrace, which it presented to
our view. The question was—whether we should
wait for certainty on an event which had every cha-
racter of probability ? If we should even suppose
that after sending to America this ratified Treaty it
might he rejected by our trans-atlantic brethren, in
such case even, this country would 'ain a great ad-
vantage by placing America clearly in the wrong.—
This would be of itself a subject of congratulation.
He, however, conceived that there was every proba-
bility of the Treaty being ratified. It could not be
supposed that the separation from this country for a
few years would prevent many persons in America
from feeling an anxious wish for peace with this coun-
try. lf, indeed, the great question of maritime rights
had been submitted to the arbitration of a Continen.
tal Pewee, then, indeed. he should not have been sue.
prised if some Gentlemen had been backward to con.
gratulate. He was surprised, however, to find that
those who professed to rejoice at the conclusion of the
war, and to sigh for unanimity, neglected such a fa-
vourable moment as the present for obtaining it.
' Mr. TARDY supported the previous question.
Mr. JACKS had great doubts whether this was the
precise moment which was the mast fit for an Ad-
dress. The simple question was, whether we sbowld
I congratulate on a probability, or whether we should

Y rik'i k.('+`~. ~.

~~' i

.

liwak fir a.tettainti ? The liewsperwtthemwlves
wore not agreed on the terms of the rreaty. Some
them awned that .America had abandoned
'tire ilea of curing fish on Newfoundland, and of
wed* to the East Indies on the terms.which were
*wetly permitted her. Others denied that the
Treaty contained any such matter. While we were
thus in a state of official ignorance of the contests of
the Treaty, be thought that it would be premature
to address. He then drew it Newspaper from his
pocket, (the STAR of the 25c1 of December) aed fella
from that paper several hostile passages of the pith.'
lication of Mr. Monroe, the American Secretary 'ell
State. The Treaty was signed at Ghent oesbeit4thij
and yet the London Papers of the 23d (the very day,
before) were full of the hostile language of Mr. Mon-
roe. He said, " that America should not concede
any one point, or make any sacrifice, for that conees-.
:ion of one point would lead to a surrender of every
thing." After such violent and hostile language on
the part of the American Government, how could
any body feel confident that the American Ne;ocia.
tors at Ghent had fulfilled the intentions of their Go.
vernment, or that the Treaty would be ratified ?
They were then to consider whether they would not
be somewhat too forward in an address of congratu-
lation for an event which perh ips might not take
place ? and whether it would not appear like catch.
Mg at a shadow; when perhaps the substance would
escape its ? As to what had been said about putting
America in the wrong, and placing this country on
All advantageous ground. he admitted it; but still
thought that it would be improper to pass an address
of congratulation on an event which perhaps might
never. take place.
Mr. GRIFFITHS thought that such an Address
could do no harm, but that it might possibly do N
great deal of good. He had always found that a
little honey would catch more flies than a great deal
of vinegar.— (A larti.)
Mr. WHITS was in favour of the original motion,
and thought that the previous question ought to be
withdrawu.
Mr..WAITIMAN said, that after the very able
manner in which his motion had been supported, it
would be unnecessary for hires to take up much of
their time in his reply. He was astonished to see into
what awkward ptedicaments some of those Gentle.
men got into who were almost the foremost in ques-
tions respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade, or
the interests of religion. It was radii r extraordinary
to see those advocates of humanity generally support-
ing war and corruption—(Crier of No, no.) —He was
happy to hear that they disclaimed being the advo-
cates of war. ' It was certain that we had finished
one of the most calamitous wars which had ever been
known in the history of the world; and }et, when we
were called upon for a congratulatory address on
that happy occasion, those Gentlemen professed to
agree in every thing that had been said, hat still de-,
nied that this was use proper time for congratulation.
Would any body believe that this was their real rea-
son for withholding their assent ? This was a ques. ,
don of feeling in a great Measure, and those feelings
should be :hewn with their proper glow anJ order,
and not kept back until the official ratification was
received. As to the contents of the Newspaper that
one Gentleman took out of his pocket, it must be re.
colleved also that our Newspapers had been for a
long time filled with trash and ahuse of America.—
Why might not the Americans, on the same ground,
as well imagine, that we were indisposed to peace
with them, as we suppose that, en that account, the
treaty would not be railed ? If he American Go-
vernment wished to call upon their people to aninsate
tl:ein to defensive exertions, they might perhaps have
perceived the necessity that there was in preparing
any thing for tire people, that it shonid he strong,
and even exceed the truth.--(Hear, hear, from the
outer side.)—Why were Mr. Yorke's speeches read to
that Court, or those Newspapers which stated " that
the American Republic was fieinded on rebellion,
,and that it ought to be destroyed ?" When an ad-
dress of congratulation was voted for the peace. with
France, the terms of it were not then known.—(Yes,
yes, from Mr. Jacks and other Members.)—Certainly
.a gteat part of the terms of the peace was left subject'
to future arrangements. He thought that some'
Gentlemen bad dwelt with much too great solemnity
'and importance upon the omission of a wordin the
original requisition. Those papers were known to
be almost always drawn up in considerable haste.—
He certainly did not pretend to be impressed 'with
the same degree of religious feeling that was profess.
ed by some other Members of that Court, but he
could have wished that they had- set him a better
example. Those great professors bf religious feelings
he, in general, found to be advocates for war and
supporters of all manner of abuses. He thought that
it would have a good effect to drew the Americans,
'that the war was not a war of resentment or aggran-
disement on the part of this country, and that as soon
as it was closed, we were ready to step out hall way
and shake hands with them.

Mr. JACKS said that be could never submit to sit
in the Court and hear unworthy motives imputed to
him. He denied that be had ever been the supporter
of war ar•oef corraption, sad he declared that he wet.
is happy as any other man at the probability of an
end being put to the, American war. As to the ad.
dress at the conclusion of the French war, the treaty
had been inserted in theMeniteur, and communicated
to both Houses of Parliament, before he moved the
Address. •
Mr. Dixon said, that when the Gentleman (Mr.
Waithman) talked of advocates of war and corrup-
tion, he must have alluded to some who took a lead-
ing part in the discussions in that Ci wt. For his
part, 'he should m.st flatly deny that be had ever
been the advocate of war or supporter ut corruption.
Mr. WAITUNIAN disclaimed any 41..4 id personal
reflections. Hii observations were general. but
" Whop caps amid tiro crowd are thrown, .
" Wbat each man tales, be makes hi,4 own
Mr. l3aown also denied that he had ever been the
advocate of was or COMlpulub
The question was then loudly called for, and the
previous question being first put was test' by a majo-
rity of 67 to 51. The original question was then
carried.
A Committee was appointed to prepare an Ad-
drem, which was agreed to, and ordered to be pre-
sented by the whole Court.
The Sheriffs, attended by the Remembrancef, were
directed to wait upon his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent, to know-his pleasure when lie will he pleased
,to trCSiVC the same. •

~ •?' ; ~:v

i •

blarnons.

PROCLAMATION,

lily his Excerency Major-01mA 13/01tOS WILLIAM RAULIT.
' Governor and Commander in Chlef in and over his Britannic
Majesty's Island of St. Croix. and its Dependencies is America,
Mc*Adsisind of the name, Ste- dr.C.
Whom by IDefinitive Treaty at haft betnent
rain and Denmark, " his Britannic htsjetty consents to means
to hie Danish Maker,' an the Poritsduas aM Colonies whist.
have been conquerid by the Brithli Mal is the present war ;"
instrustions have been received Inns his Majesty's Ministers,
that a warrant under the al en Snood is issued fur tho restoratio,n.
of dais/staid ; and u prviretkohor• accordingly made by
Danish Government for rosining over the 411111, the arrival of
the troops may benignly espeened t
But whereas his. Britannic hilejeeephas idahns and do.
*molds fur loans, taxes, arrears thereof, and monies of various dr.
scriptions, due to this Government:
I do deem It necessary to hem this my public Proclamation ,
for the general infonnadon ; thereby sheering that the above
named claims and demands are in no ways ceded or given up b.
the restoration of the colony ; and the Authorities and Ofiket-,
under Government are hereby ordered to bring all tran,.,..:iv •
appettaining the present Government to a dose; and an, ..re
every penis's indebted to Government for loans, taxes, arrests
there,,f, or monies of soy descripuon, are called upon to conic
((award without delay, and finally arrange the same; as I sham
not feel au:harts:l to cede the Wain!, or adept measures for the
evachation thereof by the British troops, entil such time as hi
Britannic Majesty's rights and interests are fully staved.
The parties macerned are coosequeudg expected Its take hitt
proper consideration. the very aukward and unpleasant si uatioe
in which the Danish Governer and troops will be placed, should
they arrive previous to the adjustment . kited ; end it is us In
'hoped will prevent, by as f lo the ordneter
(;overnmetit, the effects that a contrary . eof conduct 'met use
avoidably produeit
Given nodes aty band and seal at arms, Onrerintenet-house, lii
Croisi Nomenbes Is, 10140.-By his limeatessfs cessunamd.
Wised) d. ti Jt.a.“..QingsysiscSmararr.

.THE EVENING VAX

lON DON.

NEXT WEDNESDAY THE LOTTERY DEOINL—THI:
FIRST *I'ICKET DRAWN A PRIZE ABOVE AU, WILI
RECEIVE Aio,too I 1 ADDITION, AND MAY PRIM
A PRIZE OF 440.000.

FRIDAY, JANUARY IS, 1815.
We have, with becoming freedom, expressed on
-
opinion respecting the foul, crafty, diabolical letter;
of the ci.devant Roberspierist, LAVArat. the French
agent sent to the Island of Hayti ; and we observe,
l*ith much satisfaction, that the Morning Papers if
, this day have viewed these productions with mil .7
sentiments of indignation. We cannot allow est -
selves to believe that Louts XVIII. can hive saw-
cloned such an abuse of his name and principles as i,
exhibited in the infamous compositions which have
been submitted to our Readers ; but, however ti•
may be, the foul attempt to blend the name of B
tain in the infamous threatenrngs of the vile wretchrt.
who have dared to aim at the subversion of 1-Jaytie,
liberty, must not be endured for a moment, %yid-
out the most direct and unequivocal contradictior
—Were even the Government of Great Britain tc
agree to Assist the French. colonists and slave monger
in this foul attempt, it would nut be suffered by the
people of this free and happy country. Bit whet) er
the libel of this jacobin diplomatist be levelled at Our
Government only or at our nation, it is *gully fah:
and reprehensible. The Government of Britain is
a different character. • Knowing unequivocally the
sentiments of the people on this itthject, it Will neve-
lend even its seeret influence to abet so foul a project.
We have all to lament that for too long a period the
efforts of interested and prejudiced individuals re-
tarded the exercise of British humanity and justice,
and compelled the nation to participate in the ign( .
rainy and guilt of the wicked commerce in humar
suffering and slavery; but the various prosecution-.
now carrying on by the Government itself against in-
dividuals who hue dared to infringe the will of the
nation by a violation of the laws against the Africa..
Slave Trade, give a direct contradiction to the foul
calumny of LAI/AYH/4 that Britain had engaged to
assist .the French.in subjugating the emancipated in.
habitants of St. Domingo.
The folly of Ibis lie is quite equal to its baseness ,
and accordingly it is treated with merited derision b)
the persons to whom it is addressed. *" Could yon;
believe for a moment," say they; 44 that we should
be the dupes of your falsehood, when in your own
daily papers we perceive the efforts which the English
Government, and the virtuous philanthropists of that
nation are making in our favour ?' In tact, the Cu-
lonists and their Creditors, teem the moment of the
place, have not ceased to load the columns of th
French Journals with invectives against us for the in-
terest we have :hewn in behalf of the injured native.
pf Africa.
Incapable of being moved by any thing but their
own selfish interest, they treat all humanity, all feel-
ing for others, all disinterested wishes for the general
prevalence of justice and Christian charity, as a pet•
fictions cloak for some dark political machination..
or some speculation of commercial avariee ; and, to.
happily, France has been so long in the hands of met
Rzoittes and intriguers, that it is difficult to persuaL
-even the most enlightened persons in that countr
of the existence of sincerity and fair dealing antor.
nations ;_or to convince them that the public condo,
of individuals can be actuated by a sense of their do;
to Goa and-mankind. It is, however, most mlnife.
that the contradictory imputations of M. LAVAYSS'
and of the French Journalists, on the British chara(
ter, cannot both be true ; but they may be, and the.
are both false, as the slightest consi,h ration will cot.
since any one, who does not shut his eyes to the trud

Besides the public documents which have been hi::
before our Readers, there has also appeared at Hayti :-.
Pamphlet, in which the writer, evidently under the au-
thority of Government, comments on the letter of the
French Agent LAVAYSSIt to Pi113T014114. Antoci other
observations, he thus.remarks on the passage is the kit/
itAkammiitz ■

or asserting that thallOtArk#, Swope, and Eng.
Ida in particular, would make Common cause ,ith
11111Ce_ against all the• remaining enemies 44 of or.
( Cr," tor the salski`e manner is they !fad acted against

: .

4, What trifling! what *land Nave we to settle With those
wereigns of Europe who were liaised evilest Naro Leon !
bey fought beenue they had injuries to avenge—because, their
Always had been laid under contribution by the French etudes—
name they had been swiftly insulted, and their very ezisseoce
adangered; all this, doubtless, furnished cause sufficient to In-
...ace them to coalesce against that ambitious man. What sea.
• ms have they to lead them to espouse year ouairel against us in
to New World ?.Saint us, who have always given protection
) an their EurOpeartaubjects Who traded with us, andwho have
',ways lived hi good naishbourboo4 with their Colonies. But
...hen you make a pompous display of the force of 5,01.00 MAN
ehich you *ay Renee is possesied of, what need have you of
alstinance of ant` AV in order to attack us
44 Whet' does. it to us whether Eaglaint pvigli6. die
Jolted States of Amesita .at ifoo leagues' distaste) With the
ignites of these two Mich:4l,w( have no connection whatever.—
Vhen the !qua; spy itiitier, ' Wishes to consult the dispositions
• f the British Cabinet,
she willnotAsk ye advice in the sub.
?cc ; but Peat tell you, that 'OM eitsposienis of thAtCaliket
etre neier'niiire dieyiwerikpresent.:
lat.greot patieO,.wl44 gas .never swerwOwiei the .Peuielplei:
justice aorl 4htaaa ariYaao4r, tit/ratify yes. hod i hand:.
iv the subjiga that bat another wish trt•that
MAIM aft wideireiiiiiiite:4 alildpla"*ith-liiihWitll:tiak 'no
rouekpf semFel, and who ,have been Always • it; ge4atint add
• tire's. hinialwoot much Mora valid intends to complein of
our tlefilerinWastli 'Weir an asylum in kp.porte. to
.ntericiti Pilviteent,dinordei to pave theM from the pursuit of
'•ritt)h crelieri, and *Midi Ads the mesas
itimirlus their lasses r
To another pAssokil, 4ia. wltieli .LAVAYSSZ threatens
that, if they did not submit, extermination would be
!heir fate, this writer,replies i : • •

" What a coutrast I—You began by telling ua that you Were
ae messenger of peace, and you here speak of the annihilation
I a whole people, who are Who replaced by Africans ! Hew
erfidious, tali of peace 'and of total estitmluation ht the
late breath !

" We noir doubted that 14.. oboists, the inerebatos, end
•raders In human, llcsb.noul4 solicit with ardour the continua.
lon of that infamous ms 4 tilszrooful tragic in their own species,
the constant obTeel'ol their,avar c. and insatiable cupidity. This
atrocities &mink ciniitoidi be" eadted and supported by that
fiction of cOlonistesidibbikisdets ; but the generous efforts of
t* &kids quips, sad the Interposkion of the ihuttitiOlkive.
reisr.s..of Rtosia,Austria, and:Prusio, ig order to' abolish a emus
merce which disgraces hotuanity, afford as the most tutoring
`.opus, that you never will succeed in accomplishing your crimi •
...a/ designs, and that Africa will. hot witness the reutwalin its
",iosorn of those' scenes of horror which the slave trade created
;mow its peaceful inhabitauts. • But eve* ads:tittles you-should
!uccted in procuring the coadalimint of thishoharnos traffic,
what effect can that have upon us? Our noalterahls ressolutiost
:4, to live free and independent, pr to bory ognelse* utter, the
:uins of our country."

On that-pan of the letter await% that the Powers
of Europe had -nude a compatt, which, altlioUgh
riot Adiplothatieilly published; hound them never to
:at down their arras, until all the dovernmentsWilich
=prang irtnit the french itevolutiao; caber athe
Mgr the Reit ivii"rtV;;;;TtLe writeri
thus comments :

" How, Str, dare you, who are a Frenchman,—who- belong
to that pimple who turned the whole world upside dowa,—how
dare )uu threaten us with the cmoperation of those very Power s
•tto whose countries you brought pillage, devastation,and flames'
Are these the grouuds on which you claim their assistance against
us ? It is obvious, however, that throughout the whole of your
!otter, you particularly endeavour° to pant distrust between Ili
and the British nation, by threatening us with the co-operation of
les arms with yowls. Could you believe, fur a moment, that we
!touki be the dupes of your falsehood, when,in the public papers
we perceive the efforts which the English government, and the
virtuous philanthropists of that nation, are making in our favour.
can tell you, also, that we have proofs, not diplomatically pub-
lished, which afford us a certainty that these Powers are far re-
moved from having the same views as you have with regard to us.'

BRIGHTON, JAN. 12.—The PRINCE REGENT rode
OA yesterday for a short time, after which his Royal
Highness had a select party to dinner at the Pavilion.
The Duke of CLARENCE, as usual, was on the Steyoe
and afterwards walked along the Cliff-road towards,
Hove. Admiral Lord KEITH arrived yesterday.—
Lord and Lady CHOLIIIONDELET will he here in a day
or two. The entertainment given by Lady AUGUSTA
LEITH, consisted of a ball and supper. The next
ball at the Castle will be on the I,Bth inst. in honour
of her MAnterv's birth-day. The Earl of CHICIIES•
tilt has recently joined the sportsmen attached to the
Subscription Pack of Harriers here.
kII4SIMAGS 'ON SIR HENRY CARR AND MR& PER+
catVa4..—.This union, the anticipation of which has
for some time formed a topic of conversation in the,
lathinnahlii 'circles, took place yesterdays and is an!
ooun'eed nittlar the usual head in the gist page of '64
PAper. 21 io • .
• Sir CHARLES STEWART is expected to leave town lit
a few days, to proceed ou bis Embassy to-the Haguspo
The noble pkce of plate which the Merchants and
Bankers of London (and not a Committee of Noble*
men and Gentlemen) intend presenting to his Grace
be Duke of WELLINGTON, is to be made of murk*
filuer gil4 in the form of a shield, and divided inw-
,en compartments, representing the principal features
of the Noble Duke's military life, and a grand otota-
peition in alto relievo in the centre, describing Rd;
,:nvon and his Self
•
Yesterday *morning another meeting of the Privy
Council took place, to proceed with the Baron D'lst-
iiratT's case, which was attended by the LORD CHAN.
utott and the other Members who were present at
Lhe first investigation. Their Lordships sat only
about an hour and a half on the business. .
Yesterday a Meeting was held in Christ Church,
luence of a Requisition to the Church-
by many respectable inhabitants of
the parishioners together, to declare
respecting the Property Taxi when
Resolutions, expressive of those sentiments,
*ed, u-well as the draft of a Petition to the
Commons against its renewal in any shape.
proposing of die first Resolution, the only
4443 *heie assembly was the Rev. Row-

IP . •

&NUL

. . . . . . • . . .
Ardil'iat Arr.& i9o. ENDA* ? I'ib " I
- obaimin4:...., , ii. 1:,..11g.; 'PI. 4.:.!,.
1 .
The followidg Wei& fiat,t4en pr WEN %til i
" 4. AdittitaltY alike, tete.
" Captain Bettlrwt. et his Majesties sloop teat i 'WA
ported to the 4,oesVt Cnnuoiseloners of the Asintivaltp, thelkiik
Long Ships Lightbuelee has beep ecashettdowe.. -ft ~ ]
1 ..1. (Signed) .
• . ' • " Peisance hauls" 41 Silt —Obitsving the ein the STAR and Other sit
the 4th instant. we ' •to Inform you, for the
of the shippieg ititerest general, that it is ant error. Pe.alielenn.
beittev
ddent having taken piece, awl thst Me Long nips ,Lighttaris
, 1. has not received the stightpt 'damage in" the late gales 1.
(signed) 44 MILLS?? and It see, Agents to Lioffri 4
.:
s
1).
" To Mr. J. Bennett, jen. I.loyd's."
The Fleets for the Coasts of France, Spain, Portugal, l i
inn earn, and Africa, sailed from Cork 7th instant. The Seats
die West ladies and Bermuda remained there.. 1

The Beet from Portsmouth for Cork end Bermuda, put hell
Falmouth ith Manua.
The Prodericee Janson, from Bergen end Leith to Mill
dam; is pit into Christiousand, with damage.
rite Exmouth, &leo, from Leghorn to Amsterdam, wes.eag-
ried into the Tooren and Molen Gat eatkulrinto, Laving bead,
ou'short.
Thi Brutus, Nwirman, front f.eir to Lhkoo,' it pit Into Dielik
ski, with loss of =char slid cable, and foot lists of corn thrown
I The Men, Evens, front Neweestle to Oporto,. was ran SIM of I
Met YarqtOuth ea Monday, endemic.
I•eitoeter traospirt, Weatherluadi Nip Os Aare et Jeney
'Tth lost*, arid hilted.
...• •
The 49Oultai ?kolas giegenoldi • 411flikaSh, Nii an 4
Jutland.
The feed., Stevenson, of Aberdeen from Pietoo;whielt wes
abandoned by the crew, . has been carried into St. John's, New•
foundland, by the Bellerophori Man of war. '

The Roselle, Dodson ; Princess, Davies P • Portsea, Stokes 1 and
S Brandt .sailed from Havannah 14th November, and were
taken, iss let, 31, Imp, 70 10, by an American privateer, at

LIVERPOOL, JANUARY

_
- -
11.
The Master of the Cossack, arrived at Cork frost*
St. Domingo, states, that six sail of the Aaoo's cool
• •
voy were lost mar the Kavannah.
MEstonawoust.—The Hunter, HATTON, from .11bra
maica to Liverpool, is the only vessel of the Aastils
convoy bound to England missing.:.she parted airi
the Havanna!). The Chatham, bound'td Liverpotk
ran on shore in the Gulph. • The .Mary. Ann,
CIIARDS, bound to Bermuda, passed off the Havan.
nah. Ten sail arrived. Three above mentioned...
Thirteen total of the fleet. •
FaMotill'H. JANUARY 10.

No arrivals. &sited the PIONEER, Lieut. HILL, for
Plymouth ; True Briton, and Commerce, for Loss-
don.—Wind West, fresh breezes.
PLYMOUTH, JANUARY IL

A:rived the Brothers, MUTTBI4 from Halifax,
bound to Newfoundland, in ballast, was driven off
the coast by heavy gales, with loss of main-mast, and
sprtulg her foremast. Came in the Friends, Howsu.,
from London. The Chitlotte of this port from News
foundland, with fish, for Spain, is stated to have been
captured by an Ameiican privateer, and burnt, and
the crew landed iu France. .

PORTSMOUTH, JANUARY' it
- -AtTivett d evrfurriamarig Worn 1

and the-Bbitx cutter from a crnize. Sailed the Rat-
Housay, for the River,—Wind North.

- DEAL, JANUARY IL

Arrived the City of Norwich schooner in 24 days,
from Cadiz. Came down from the River the GRIPER
gun•brig. The East Indiamen,.main. Wind? .N.W.

HARWICH, JANUARY 12.

Sailed the Leicester packet, with a Mail and pas-
sengers, for Holland.—Wind N.

W 1 Ll. JANUARY 12.

The brig Sheffield, laden with ordnance stores f.,r
his M:liesty's service, came on shore here last night,
and with her cargo, is likely to be lost; crew saved.

A letter from New York, dated December 3, states,
that the Jane calk!, from Dartmouth in 30 days, and
the Chauncey from Oster.d in 23 days, had both ar-
rived there.
The Whitworth is now talung in freight it Liver-
pool for New York direct, and will proceed on her
destination in a few days. This opportunity of re-
newing the relations of . peace and amity with the
United States, was formally notified at the Ship
Letter Office, and evinces the confidence which those
who are the best informed and the most interested in
the question of war or peace,, have in the ratification
of the Treaty by the PRESIDENT of the United States.
The transport, Quebec Packet, Wtwans, Master,
from Halifax, put into Falmouth on the 31st ultimo.
On the 14th of December, in the Western Ocean,
they perceived a Loot full of people, and though
there was a. tremendous sea running, they lay to in
order that it might come alongside. This was ef-
fected, and the persons on board, consisting of 18
men, and a child five years old, were got into the
vessel. They proved to be the passengers and crew
of the Amphitrite, bound from Quebec to London,
with a cargo of timber. They stare, that when they
were nearly 200 leagues from Quebec, the Amphi-
trite sprung a leak, which increased upon them, not-
withstanding their utmost exertions; that four days
before meeting the Quebec Packet, .they found the
vessel would shortly become water-logged, and on
holding a consultation, it was determined to take to
the boat ; as, if the decks should not blow up, by
the pressure of the timber upwards, they had little
prospect of being able to keep on deck, and none of
preserving any provisions in the state of the weather.
As soon as this resolution was taken, the crew ran
below, burst open the lockers, and got completely
drunk. In this state, they got out the boat, which
was injured in doing so, and with some provisions,
committed themselves to the mercy of the ocean,
with the purpose of steering for the Azores. Whilst
in the boat, two persons were constantly employed in
bailing, and the Captain was forced to suffer a cask
full of spirits they had got on board to run out, to
keep the men from getting beastly drank ; a propen-
sity to which even the near prospect of death could
not induce them to resist. It Was providential that
they fell in with the Quebec Packet on. the 14th, as
thciwat, day a storm came ein whichltwould bare
'been impossible for them to survive ill I crazy boat.


• r- - - --ri 4, ''' •- • 1., r"r. •& • e • •"•• ' :
1...,
.11a .EortoormAs you WA firer r' IttoPteArica. .
the attrition of the peblic toi a ake)anc)toly illitilatlio
Ai the ill effects ptuduced by pieciataUflnternsettl,'
.Peilidit me to adduce. a proci of; the hOppy effects of
staittrary procedure, in the case of Mr. Devillet of
GreatNewport.stteet, who, when a child, was seized
with that pestilential disease, the &nail Pox, (now I
happily in at fair. way of bet9g exArpated I) of a mod 1
risalignant kind. Afte 'blind for many days,'
11110 at length to ill ap * expired, was laid Otltp
heslace
aid covered withu a Ajelporatory to putting him
in his eolfine-t-It; igpetibd., 'however, that his mo.
ether accidentally lb into the room, with a mug of..
warm beer in hie nd ; and, being naturally anxious
Ito take a last look at her child, pn examining him.'
clOsely, perceived a slight degree of . motion in his,
lips, to which she instantly applied the mug of beer ;
'when, to bee greet joy and ,surprise, he revived And.
'drat* up the whole contests of itl I lie is now a
'living !oedipal of the good to be derived from paying
* due attention to the preservation of the last re-
=doing sparks of life, in persons apparently dead ;
indeed none should be considered absolutely dead, un.
til a change of colour, arising from incipient pout!.
4raCtion, .takes place in their bodies. I am, Mr.
Aditer. your Constant Reader, • G.
4".inalea, ?so. ist, mils.,
•

4,4 !Imo" 4111f/tr. . •

Ma. Ennott.That the army at large must feel
deeply indebted to his Royal Highness the Com-
mander in Chief, for the mink salutary imptovernents
which it has experienced, cannot be denied. Yet the
•circumstance of the Officers of the British Cavalry,
'only, paying about double for their commission, and
receiving at the same time no mare pay, has probably
escaped the notice of most people, from the improba-
bility of the circumstance. The daily pay which a
,Captain of Infantry receives, including his nori•efrec-
live of 420 per annum, is 1 Is. 7td. A Captain of
Cavalry receives, after deducting 2s. lid. per diem
for the. feeding of his horses, and at least Ad. for the
farriery, only 121. per diem : his entire pay being only
141. 7d. exclusive of the ware and tare of the mu-
itterable and expensive appointments, stable necesa-
' ries, grooms, accidents, and deaths of expensive horses,
1 to cover which no compensation whatever is granted,
tempt ender the only and solitary case of being shot
Ow the glanders. From this statement it must ap-
pear evident to every one, that the British Cavalry
Officer, compared with the Infantry, labours under
disadvantages which are not experienced in any other
•
IntINCIL MC:ENTINE.

A statement has been given of the claims that have
Passed thtough the Auditor's Office at Lisbim for the
supplies to the army, and those that are yet unliqui.
diked exceed the amount of £5,000,000. sterling. The
demands for the same supplies in ,Spain are to ise in-
spected and passed by that (Alice, but no estimate of '
the latter has yet been prepared.
EIaUIIi•LANE TM/ATM—In consequence of the
*Wee indisposition of Mr. KEAN. Mr. ELLISTON
ac d the•charatter of • Igadeth last night. Though
cal d to assume thisurduous part at a viry short
kasitlx.fll4,lt Spisi& and correct-
ness. e audience were most liberal of their plau-
dits, and the Tragedy went off in very good style.
Mrs. MiGuisna, cigievant Miss WOODPALL, and
late of Covent-Garden Theatre, is the hernine of the
Newcastle Theatre, .where she is highly esteemed in
private life and admired in public. •

Mr. KENNA made his appearance on Saturday
night in Matbeih, at the Dublin Theatre, and was re-
ceived, by a full houee, in a most affectionate manner.
The FINCH that lately flew with 'a young Lady,
and 860,000, to Gretna-Green, lias feathered hi,. nut
' very handsomely.

LOrd COLERAINE bears his es blulting honours"
with becoming humility. His Lordship n )or enjoys
his eveningpiat and pipe at the Seits *nu with as much
satisfaction and pleasantry as he did bcfore his brows
were encircled with a coronet.

The budget of which Y.•ird OXFORD was Fo cruelly
.deprived, has been called the new Hadrian Miscellany /
• The Worition ate very angry with the recent
extension of the Order of the Beth :--this, we think,
isa little unreasonable, considering•how many Grand
Crowe in life they themselves have had.

HE MAN CUEDULITY.—Another extraordinary instance
roped to Ad:flu Soormcbrr.—A d.:ed, bearing
date January 5, 1815, was yesterday (the 12th) pre-
sented at the Stamp Office, to be duly stamped, and
for which the sum of 16s. was paid. It bore the de.
clavation of '-the Pev. --, purporting, that
unless- JOANNA SOOT/MOTT had a child born, and
sucking at her breast, on or before the 12th instant,
he should -be solemnly bound never to preach or do
duty in his Church, in Somersetshite, (or in any other
church again), but would allow, and duly authorise
any Clergyman, chosen by the parish, or appointed
by the Bishop, to receive all profit and emolument
attending the same.
Fuss—Wednesday morning a fire broke out in the
house of Mr. Kan, boot-maker, the corner of Nur-
folk-street, in the Strand, which very considerably
damaged the shop and room behind.
Wednesday evening a fire broke out at Islington,
which did considerable damage to a house, and work-
shop behind, but which was torttuutely extinguished
without extending to the adjoining houses.

Yesterday morning, about three o'clock, an alarm-
ing and dreadful fire broke out near Elephant Stairs,
at Rotherhiehe, which consumed ten houses, but by
the great exertions of the firemen and the engines,
was at length got under. No lives were lost.

Qua, WOW/Asa ao--Yeaterday 1. O'Connor and D. Sullivan were
again put to the bar, on the charge of setting tire to the Custom-
house. O'Connor again positively asserted that all his preceding
representations were founded in falsehood; but persisted in re-
fusing to assign any reason for such extravagant statements. SW
fives was discharged; and a letter was ordered to be sent to the
Officer in command at Tilbury Fort, to send an escort for O'Con-
nor, as lie would be di•ebarged on Saturday.

.11;1,rib:ice Housz-aaftwarts.r-Wednesday night, betwen •11
and Is o'clock, when Wainwright, a patroie belonging to Bow-
street, was on duty at the tipper end of Grari-inn-lane, he ob-
served two boys under circurnyances which made him suspect
they wets going a house-breaking, which proved to be the fact ;
for, on, his taking them into custody and searching them, he
fora the tools used by house-breakers to efferi tbeir,purposes,
consisting of a number of picklock-keys, a casitel, Yester-
dar tlisimitte breitifit to thb °Mee; artd,Vret'iseitortslihdperl,
wets ammiltted fur forths

' •- •
_sew.

• 01•1 f
• •

.•

'„

.y
•

•
,• _ !!.• I - "•. • ••
• • •• .• LEI .B
), • - • •
, •
~ MURDEVti • *, ' •
• tri:Aseph Athos driver of the Bath
&tail Ctiacjit toot his trial at .the, Old Bailgy, before
'Baron Won, for havipx, on Satku4ay sevenius, the
lid October st, near lialatabisrmt::,driventult(lusly
itg:tinst a eaise-cart, by which. ;t was overturned,
'when Mr. Thomas Southcombe, a respectable fare
'seer, is the county of Devon, was thrown out, and
nin over, anfl which caused his Immediate death,—
The particulars of the unfortunate circumstance have
been already stated. Atter a trial, which lasted two
hours, the prisiner was found guilty of Manslaughter,
rind received sentence accordingly.

ROBBEItY OF TUE BRISTOL MAIL.
Yesterday James West was indicted for stealing
'Dant -notes and bills nut of the Bristol M4l, to the
undo= of 1357. 17s. 6d.

. : The. Ban* noes in question were intended to be
transmitted from the Montgomery Bank to the house
of Down and Co. bankers, in London.
' C. King, a clerk in the Montgomery Bank, stated,
that he made up the Bank notes in question in a par-
cel,.oe thie id day of November last They were
wrap 10 ed lip in cartridge paper, and directed to Down
and . 11...0nd0n. This parcel was inclosed in :ow-
ther,'• nadirected to Mr. Fothergill, Lawrence l'ount-
,nty.hijkl, ,London. .It was thus Inc;osed in a dclunia
car?. jsafety: . ‘VheiCtlii .parcJ Wlli made up, con.
'sir ing;of the notes which the witress detailed, it
.was
given to Lee, the guard of the Swansea coach, to
deliver to the Bristol mail. ______

William Lee proved that he delivered the !mitel tct
the porter (.f the Bush. Inn, at ; *Cris, the
porter, proved, that he delivered it to the clel k.
the Coach-office ; and Lewis, the clerk of the Coach-
office, proved that he inserted it in the way-bill, and
put the parcel in the back seat of the co:tell.
John Painter, Clerk at the Swan with Two Necks,
in Lad-lane, proved, that the pakel was net found in
the coach on its arrival, of which lie gave notice by
the subsequent way-bill down to Bristol.
James Ball, a porter at the Stock Exchange, proved
that on the l 2tit of November, he was coiled by a
Gentleman who was wrapped up in a rough great
coat, who gave him six five pound notes, and two five
Buinea notes, who told him to go to Esdaile's and get
ank notes for them, and bring the money to him at
a neighbouring Coffee-house. When he went to the
Banking-House the notes were stopped, and Barnes.
the Clerk at Esdaile's, who stopped them, pr:Jduced
the notes, and they appeared to be the same as were
stolen from the coach. The Porto, locking at the
Prisoner, said, he believed he was the mats who gave
them to him.

-..

Wm. Dynntore, clerk to Fry' nd Co. St. Mil Ired'N.
court, said, that the prisoner came to their house on
the Bth of De.cember last, and tendered some country
bank notes, which the Witness saw were part of the
notes stolen from the Bristol mail ; he asked the pri.
soner where he got them, and not receiving any satis.
factor); account, he had him taken into custddy.
Drinkwater, the officer, proved that the prisoner
had given different names at different times; am!
Mr. Hobler read the examination taken before the
Lord Mayor, in which the prisoner stated that he had
received the notes in question in change for a bun-
drinipmend mete, which he Ina changed. in thrticruq:
try, but he did not state of wham, but that it was at
Salisbury. •

The prisoner being now called upon for his del
fence, said he had got them at a gaming-house, as
the West•end et the town, he believed at Oxeodo,;i-
street, in the Haymarket. He had, he said, lately
• returned from sett, and though the notes might have
been stolen, it did not follow that he stole them, for
they might have passed through ninny hands brim*
they came to biol. M;ho.;,, %mild be safe in taking.
bank-notes, if he were found guilty,—The,JUry
him Guilty.
Richard !Parley was indicted for stealing 21 sheep,
the property of. A. Paris, Beal, the prose-
cutor's shepherd, • proved that 21 sheep were stllert
from his mimes pasture, and that a kw days after
an Officer took hint to the prisoner's slaughterhouse,
in Virgil-place, near the Yorkshire Stillgo, where he
saw 21 skins with his master's track.—A.
pig-killer, knows the prisoner, who asked witness to
assist him in killing a few sheep. Witneis killed nine.
—J. Taylor lived near the prisoner, who applied to
him to carry some sheep for him to market ; and he
took 18 at different times to Newgate-market. The
Jury, without hesitation,, returned him Guilty—
Death.

The following were also capitally convicted, viz.
—Elizabeth Ringrose (far advanced in pregnancy)
for stealing a £3O note in the house of H. P. Martine
in Market-street, St. James's ; R. Couling, aged 17,
for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of W.
Peaty, and stealing therein two tea caddies and other
articles ; Eliz. Lambert (pleaded Guilty to an indict.
ment against her and others), for stealing privately in
the shdp of E. Davis and Amos Bottomley, 63 yards
of cotton; Martha Matilda Whitaker, for stealing a
gab note, the property of W. Bloomfield, in his
dwelling-house; and M. Scaysbrook, for breaking
and entering the house of J. Willan, and stealing de.
yen articles of apparel, the property of S. Smith.

The following immense quantities of Tea will be
.put up pt the next sale of the East.lndia Company :
Bolbea - - • Lb k• 200,000 .
Cono and Campo! - . 5,310,000
Pekoe and Souchong - - 130,0n0
Single and Twaukay - - 1,000,000
Hyson Skin . • • 2541,004

Total I.bs, 7,10(1,000
Hops.—The number of Pockets of Hops weighed
in Worcester Hop Market, from December 25, 1813,
to December 25, 1814, was as follows : Now, 12,893;
OW, 2,6139. In the preceding year, the quantity
weighed was—New Hops, 1‘2,659, Old, 2,036.
Difference, 2:14 pockets in favour of Ibl4.

l:iun,r, in ennsegul
ivv.ardens, signed I
the parish, to call I
lelr sentiment= II
ieveral Reseintiam
Awe passed, as-en
louse of Comma
'Jpou the propOsil
limetieet in cite *!
`'AND /JILL.
