q
site,are dud atbSothvergn
the
e. • •
Right Honotitable Gentleman oppo- things, give to the in Spanish Pro-sincel.T.--
had a right to regulate the con-. meant a supply of transports for the oprpose of con.
duct of his subjects with respect to inffiiithial;Stattea veaing troops across the Atlantic. Wow theie wai
tThionatin 1817,
had been asserted by the itoyal-Pruelimaa provision whatever in the Bill to preterit
t British
disobedience to which was a misde- subjects from supplying Spain with such transPorts—
meanour, punishable •is such by the eonmion law, a most flagrant instance of anti-neutral spirit in the
'but to go further—when by the common law;' the framers of the measure-a(Heaa, heartlut what,
means existed of punishing 'a breach of neuttality, to indeed, 'could be a more grosadeparture front nett-
eitact a measure faioutible in • its teedeacy to one trality thin that evinced in the 'Treaty aont•Juded
party alone, *as, hi itself, the groSteSt violation of with Spain in 1814, in which Treaty . sentence was
neutrality. In what did neutrality cOnsist? First, in 'pronounced by the British Government between Spain
the abstinence of a Government from affbrding aid to and het South American subjects, who were stigma-
either of two belligerent parties. 2dly, in the impar- tised as traitors and rebels=-(Hear, hear).—To adopt
tiality of the laws as respecting twobelligerent parties. the proposed Bill would be to repeat and to re-pro.
Let the two Statutes of George the Second be re- nOttnce that sentence of rondenination on the cause of
pealed, and England.would 'instantly, and without the Spanish Provinces. It had been contended that
any additional proceeding, be placed in• a state of the Bill was fOitreled on the Ti City. A frank
complete impartiality towards the belligerents. The sion of its real character ! For what neutral measure
present measure therefore was an act of supereroga- could by possibility be founded on a measure of such
tion. tt was more—it was confessedly introduced decided and uncalled for anti-neutrality ?—(ifcar).
at the instance of Spain, and for the convenience and It was the oloservanCe of neutrality on the part of the
benefit of Spain'alone—(Hear, hear, hear.) A Right state that lie was advdcating. Neutrality in the fedi
Honourable. Gentleman had adverted to the inter- ings of individuals was impossible. In a contest be-
ference of Napoleon with respect to the press of this twee t% Pnperfaition ind tyranny on the one side, and a
country in the year 1802. Btit what was the answer hope or even a chance of liberty on the other; never
to that interference? Did any man dare to reply, that could his heart be neutral—(Hear.)--The solicitude
because it was probable that a Jury or this country which the merchants of this country had manifested
would acquit a libeller of Napoleon, that therefore it for the South American cause, had been imputed to
should be proposed to the British Parliament to sus- interested motives. Without indulging in commons
pend the Trial by Jury?—(Hear, hear, heap.) In the place declamation against politicians, he would hdw-
present instance, was it because English heeling; had ever say, that in his opinion the interest of merchants
been Manifested in the support of the cause of liberty coincided'rnore frequently with the interest-of man-
-in South Amerieie that the Government of Spain kind, than did the transient and limited views-of po-
-should be complimented by a surrender of the neu- liticians: If British merchants looked with'eager-
trality which we were bound to observe? It was no ness Le the event of the struggle in South America,
more to be tolerated, that hostility on the part of in- no doubt they did so with the- hope of deriving' act-
dividuals to the oppression of Ferdinand should be vantage from that event. But was it nn the main-
suppressed, than hostility on the part of the press to tenance of ignorance, on the confirmation of slavery,
the oppression of Napoleon. If such demands were on the establishment of tyranny in America that they
once admitted, there would be no end to them.— founded their hopes ? ! Those were the expec-
'To preserve our neutrality no Act was now neccs- tations of Ferdinand. It Was on the successful asser-
sary, because the existing law was sufficient for the tion of freedom ;—yes, of freedom—that parent of
purpose. It was indeed singular, that to such a na- all good !—that parent of industry !—that parent of
tion as the Britishe-a nation which had so long talent la-that parent of heroism !—that parent of
flourished in security and glory by maintaining the every virtue !—(Loud cries of Hear, and cheediiig.)—.
principles of justice and liberty-'-no - such proposi- The fate of SOufh America would be accessary to the
tion as the present had ewer before been made.— wealth Of British merchants only as it become acres=
Until the -present period, no belligerent had ever saryato the dignity and happiness of the raced' Man!
ventured to request a favour which England was --.4Hear,llear.)—There was one topic connected with
now called upon to grant to Ferdinand-a Sovereign this quettiOn which' had always struck hint as pecu-
on whom he would !State* no -epithets, because it liarly interesting. A mong the titles which Ferdinand
was impossible by any epithets which the English VII. seethed in the-eyes of his Majesty's Ministets to
language could afford, to add to the feeling which eoistikto" the interference:of in =his behalf,
the mere utterance of hianame excited- (Hear, hear). he wiSlied to know if the Noble Lord oppositii.reckoned
Never before had this country been asked tb make a his teddy compliance with'that'Noble Lord's request
change in its ancient institutions for the benefit of fOr the release friiire confifiement•of thosi of
one belligerent. The Honourable and Learned den- Great Britain aiid-lattriots of SpaiialahOhad incurred
tleman here described .a variety of instances-in our his Saaeteign displeasure ?a- ( flear,hear, hear): Pata.
history, in which this country had strictly pies&ved hainent had been tnrd:of repeated aPOliations Navin
her neutrality between.belligerents,but had not con- iseen made bithe British Govermisent for- the re-
sidered a recruiting for those belligerents, as any lease orthee ' Still, however;
breach of that neutrality; especially in the reign of Arguelles lingeislied dungeon! The Noble
James I. when an application on the part of Spain to Lord had 'assured the Muse that: the assembled Ma;
prevent such a practite, was rejected by the enligh- lestrof Europe laid tilde* interceded for him,. but-
tined Ministers _of that day—the scholars of the il- had' interceded in vain! Let. thi'Noble Lord
lustrious Elizabeth.• Even at the time *hen Gondi- ffiembera-or at leastlet-nof that Ilonse forgetillet
mar might be almost said to have been a kind of ;whit Ferdinand had • done foe-Money, was gratuity
'Viceroy from Spain in this cotlntra, when •he had. ously accorded by Arguelles !--tthat l'hat Ferdinand;
sufficient power to cause the murder of that mast dis- after long negotiation, consented truly partially-to re-
' tinguiehed person, who united in himself' tnorekinda ettain,.:Areuellet prevailed: on tire-Cortes instantly,
of glory than had perhaps ever. been combined in an universally, •and • for ever abolish !—(Hear, hear;;
-je
individue—that soldier, that sailor, that 'historian, Imo, And Raving introduced the sub ct .Of the
I that poet, that sta esman, Sir Walter Raleigh—he Slave Trade, be could not fefraiii from calling cei the
was unable to obtain from us such a boon as that Muse' to consider What-Was due to all the Giiverna'
which his Majesty's Ministers no* called on the -meats fehnidedhy the revolted Provinces ofpanish
HOuse of Commons of England to have the con- America, for havlneWithon6:consent,
descension to grant—(Cries of Hear, hear, hear)— standing the prejudices which in common R-it3i all
It Was a boon which, if granted, would afford a most Colonies they must• have entertainer in' iti-favour;
convenient precedent to all the Despotic Myers of put an end to a traffic which arasitill'clietished io
the earth. • With what authority would they, thence- Europe, and which, io the eternal' disgrace of one
forward, urge British Ministers to a compliance with nation in particular, was stiltalung t6.by thatnitidn
their wishes? With what unaswerahle force would with the utmost tenacity and fondness—Wee:r, h4aq.
they say, " You granted this to Spain, and- you He Would trespass on the Hoitse with only tiae fur.
granted it when Spain was under the dominion of then observation. He had-called the Leaders'of the
Ferdinand VII.' on what ground can yoWyeithhold it Spanish Coites the Allies of Great Britain'. What
from us ?—(Hear, hear, hear.)" He therefore called Must be the feelings of any miaaelna read the in:
on the House to secure all future Ministers from 'the • seription on the French intatar tafen after the raising
danger—from the disgrace of such solkitations.-Dan of the siege of Cadiz, presented` 4 die Coates to his
gerous and degrading Would it Indeed be, if Ferdi- Royal Highness the Prince Regatta, and placed' by
nand VII. could• prevail on an assembly of BritiSh his Royal Highness's command in a'acinspicMattasitu.
Gentlemen to establish a precedent, which would 'ation in the Metropolis? ' • • -
subject the British Government to be dictated to iA • '"--Devletif a Wellington Duce prtrie galimahiain WIN;
%t perim
So
ilurposttam bombard.itn, viprr dit *lbw -Wand/al
utae exliideGadium obsidigne bane Tiara iiteieine
future times by persons—if any such there could pos-
4,
sibly be—resemblinghim in character—(Near, hear.) "Ad urbem portuinque Caditanum destruendum. condatatn,
Was it for such a purpose that we were to change aEt a Copal turbigis retict.rm, Cortex Hispanics, pestinieunt
our ancient institutions? To any such change, Mi- n • • •• haudgoaquam •
".Be eficionam obli.ti figurate venerationis testbnonlo donagerunt
(;con 1,, us BRIT. Pante.
nisters had generally expressed extreme aversion--
there was one rice in, those institutions, which " - • • •
taut in perpetuam rei memoriam hoc loco pooendam, et his
they were always ready when called upon to reform ; " orraineatis dedorandim juesit." •
_.
their want of resemblance to the principles by which —We had thus accetaed a trophy, -in 'CoMmemora-
despotic States were regulated—(Hear, hear, hear.) tion of a glorious victory, presented to us by Our
Happy Would they be to be enabled to comply with brave Allies, who had associated with their owe
the wishes of the Ambassadors of such States. Ilappy name the name of our greatest and niast'reitowned
would they be to be able, while they expressed; with Captain, by rthenn that victorylnad been achieved—
courtier-like smile, their admiration of the -character a trophy expreisive of their gratitdde and affection,
of that ornament of Sovereignty, that•Marcus•Aure- and which had been received and treated with the
lius of Spain, to add an immediate acquiescence to respect and attention doe-to it ; and yet, at thi's very
his application: The roughness in the British Con.: moment, -those braie and illustrious men were fan-
stitution, which rendered such amiable conduct diffl- gulshieg in the dungeons of thaePrinc'e, whose cause
cult, must be polished. Our usages Must be approxi- a Biitish Parliament was now 'called upon to espouse!
mated to those of Foreign Governments. Ministers ( The fronotirdle Gentleman concluded anrost brilliant:
had already obtained an Alien'Aet : they now called dryad eloquent speech amidst the loud and long i•okinued
on Parliament to refine the laws in other respects, cheering of the' House.) •
and to make them more agreeable to his Catholic) Ma. CANNING acknowledged the eloqiience of
Majestv ( Hear, hear.)—Instead of the conduct 1 the IlOiottrable Gentle Man who had just sat chxsen,
which they had pursued on this occasion, why did whilst he trusted it-wohld not have the effecCof mis-;
they not imitate the example afforded them by Lord I leadingthe House to-night. 'lt was not for the Ilouse
Liverpool, when, in the answer which, in a manner Ito look to the character of Ferdinand upon the ques-
so highly honourable to him, he made to the appli- tion ; but to see how far the proposed measure was
cation of Napoleon to limit the freedom of the Press, called for by, the circumstances of the case. He can_
he said, " You mistake the law of England. It is not ; tended, however, that the
tot tes were more disposed
in the power; if it were in the inclination of a Mini-; to fix the yoke of slavery on the Colonies than Fer-
ster, to do what you require."
But as they had not i-dinand; and insisted, that the Treaty now subsisting
done so, he trusted that Parliament would supply ; between this country and Spain ought to be religiously
the deficiency. He trasted that that House would' ehseired, and strictly carried into execution. Whe-;
exclaim with the brave Baroas of former days, •' No- tber the provisions of this Treaty were, or were not,
hiatus loges Anglia mutari !"—( Hear, hear, hear.) exeeptienabte; he did' not take upon himself to de-
einhathde
hiinthfleerxtiebialietqaudierseme•lctii,challedaehrYe' cc
oidneco.;
rbmn t4beln;. e‘tt;.hti'el
ohuard
gbiepco,nd
th subscribed,
to •
ThPowiyerw iner
e laws,
ur p
instance: Bend, however, they would, if the served, •
hoped that they would not be found to bend in the forced. .IThe RieiglhatwHi:6lll.lleixaisbtliengGepnatildemm;
presentßill before the House should unfortdnately be adoeted.l neutiality, as it permitted British troops
If any additional proof *ere wanting of its partiality, 'service of' pn-e. of the Bellterents,while
mere repeal of the ActparGeorge
Spain, but Which she could not, from the nature of
—there nthoet'enlis.i tinder the banners
.: of the ether;
hh isueeognslani d edr acteiu6
Ind:
iwtasmight:
one
bortderOfedaidfrowmhict
tend, •ol its( to the impartial preserver
.

11 •
I
1,,
I'
I
•
1.
.1
.
IP
I' .

, they ought,
be duly en-
nan then ob-
no regard to
to enter the
e they could
; nor would
the Second
idol a Lieu-
