TL E MINSTREL.

PROM THt BMW MONTHLY AGAZIM

There sits a matt near Sadler's Wclli,
''hose litrb-excited peal of bells
I)ipuse kill beret moulder ;
Each elbow, by a skilful twist,
lungs one, one rings from either wrist,
And one from either shoulder I
ch foot, hell-mounted, aids the din ;
Each knee, with noddiisg bell, chimes in
ha phil.barsnonie dapper.
One bell send, forth a louder note
Fr..ou that round ball which tops the throat,
By bruisers called the nipper
Thus, sightless, by the river side
lie tunes his• lays, like him *be cried
" ilk:wend from heaven, Urania,"
But not as poor; his wiser stave
I:, like the laureat's, mere God save
The King—not Rule Britannia!

Thu but a single tune he knows,
Ili,-gains are far exceeding those
Of pass-supported limner:
Ile keeps the wolf outside the door,
And, doing that, to cell him poor
Were,-certes, a misnomer'

The school-boy lags astride the rail,
The milkman drops his clinking pail,
The serving-maid her pitcher,
The painter quits th' unwhiteu'd fence
To greet with tributary pence
This general bewitcher !

See! where he nods his pealing brow,
Now strikes a fifth, a second now,
In regular confusion;
Bid, ere he finishes the strain,
pa capo goes his pate again,
The key-note of conclusion!

Satire, suspend your baseless wit,
The tuneful tribe may sometimes bit
On patrons bent on giving.
Here's one, at least, obscurely bred,
Who by the Isbou► t his hem',
Picks up a decent living !

. SLAVE TRADE IN THE EAST.

Mr. Rae Wit.sow, in his late Travels in the East,
when treating of Grand Cairo the capital of Egypt,
states some facts which we believe are not very gene-
rally known:—" I visited the Slave-market which
has been long established in this particular quarter.
Although. I may attempt a description of those de-
plorable objects I witnessed, yet no idea can possibly
be conveyed of the painful sensations I experienced
on this occasion. It may in general be observed, that
the plice set apart for this most scandalous traffic is
a large court, air the principal street, in the form of
a quadrangle, with a range of apartments around,
elevated 'about twenty feet from the ground, to which
there is access by a staircase at one end, aad a sort of
platform or gallery in front of the apartments, not
unlike what is to be seen in the yards of Inns in
London. In one corner I observed a Turkish woman
bargaining for the purchase of a young female, who
was stripped of her rags previously for the purpose
of examination, turned round, bar joints fklt, and
tongue inspected, 4te. In others I saw wretched
creatures of all ages, from infants up to fifty
years, in a state of nudity, and absolutely huddled
together like cattle. At the door of the miserable
den was the cold-hearted guardian or keeper of this
receptacle. of woe, tyrannical in countenance, and
seated cross-legged smoking his pipe with the utmost
sang froid, who was watching the arrival of pur-
chasers; and presuming I had entered the market in
this view, demanded in a growling tone, if I wanted,
to buy a boy or a giil, as they would be turned out
for examination! At this time a poor helpless child
was brought forward, when I could not suppress a
tear at the incident, and the unfeeling conduct of this
barbarian, and hurried away from this scene of hu-
man degradation, so disgusting to the eye of a Euro-
pean.—This depot, it will be remarked, continues
uniformly well stocked with slaves of both sexes, who
arrive in prodigious numbers from upper Egypt.°
On any .arson being observed to enter it, which is
always concluded for the purpose of buying these
most despised creatures, they are hurried out of their
.dens as such person passes along, when they are
ranked and exhibited by their savage keeper; and
such would appear to he their own anxiety to be pur-
chased, in order to be liberated from captivity, that
dime is a rivalship and emulation among them by
looks, gestures, and motions, which should attract
the most attention. Some of them were completely
black, with an excellent set of toeh, finely formed,
and had a mere rag thrown round part of the body."
This short description of _an Eastern Slave-market
is concluded by the following remarks, which have a
strong claim on the notice of those who are advocates
ft:r destroying this abominable system;—" When we
reflect on those blessings which one distinguished
dividual has conferred on humanity, by those indefa-
tigable acts he has .exercised in the Senate to crush
this detestable traffic, so revolting to the feelings of
iltitons, it is impossible not to feel a high degree at
pride in looking to the land which gave him birth.
is it not, on the other hand, mortifying to every
timent of charity and civilization, drat a Legialature
of the most enlightened country on the face of the
globe has debated fora series of ye %t, whether this
accursed trade in the flesh and. blood of
creatures should or should not be abolished ; nut that
the most powerful and cousive measures have not
beau prom_pdy Adoptad to tear op slavery by the
very roots r
• During sons years the number is add to amount already
20,000!.

NAT4t4l4.lqmirts, a firmoustock-fighter, fairing:
abler:is in um Church at Dean, in the middle al s
drowsy Sermon, the beadle tapped him on the shoal-
der, who= !storms, who was then dreaming of his
favousite diversion, started up kid esclainsecc "Slack
atekfar ever!" which so disconcerted the Divine, and
excited the laughter of;tlre congregation, that it was
some Lime befoi-e the former told proceed in his dis-
course, or the latter latome silent to Lear him.
