POLT.CE.

Qum-swam—Yesterday two privates in the Sd Regiment
of Foot Guards, named .IPChatel and Thomas, were charged
with committhig a violent assault upon a Clergyman of the
Church of England, in the Park, on Sunday last. The Rev.
Gentleman detailed the transaction as follows :—He was pass-
ing by the Queen's Guard-room, near Buckingham-gate, St.
James's Park, between twelve and'one o'clock on Sunday noon,
and the heat being excessively oppressive, he walked along the
balustrade of the guard-room for the benefit of the cool shade.
He heard a voice crying " Off!—Go off!" but not knowing who,
spoke the words, or to whom they were addressed, he :walked
on, and in a moment afterwards was seized by the sentinel
in a violent manner by the collar, and ordered from the por-
tico. Ile walked along the road till he was out of the sen-
tinel's sight, and then turned round a pillar under the portico
again, and was seized by the two prisoners, who dragged him
to the edge of the balustrade, and dashed him with the most
extreme violence on the grouad, a distance of several yards.—
He rose from the ground with great difficulty, and was in violent
pain. Ile hastened to a Surgeon in the neighbourhood, and was
informed that his collar-bone was dislocated and broken; and,
other surgical assistance being immediately sent for, he under-
went the operation of setting the bones. After the soldiers had
so violently assaulted him, they only laughed at him, and refused
to give up their names; but he subsequently obtained them from
the Colonel (Cochrane), who regretted the injury he had re-
ceived, and ordered the offenders to be given over to the Civil
Power. Other witnesses being called to confirm the above evi-
dence, the Magistrate addressed the soldiers, and told them that
if the Gentleman had done wrong, it was not for them to inflict
a punishment, but it was their duty to hale given.him into the
charge of a constable. It was a most abominable thing that a
Clergyman should be attacked in such a brutal manner for
merely doing an act so natural during such excessive heat. He
directed the complainant to go to the Sessions to indict the pri-
soners, and ordered them to find sureties to appear to take their
trials for the offence.
HATTON-GARDISI4.—Mrs. Bray, aged sixteen, applied to have
her husband, to whom she had been married but three weeks,
held to bail. On Saturday afternoon, her mother brought a
young man to see her, and she introduced him to her husband,
who treated him with liquor; but after lie was gone, her bus-.
band beat her shamefully.—Mr. Bray said he had, after a longish
courtship, been seducer., into the marriage by her grandmother
and motber,who brought the young man as described : the mother
happening to leave the room, his wife told him the stranger was
an old sweetheart, and then sat on his knee, and threw her arms
round his neck and kissed him. He laughed at the time, but as
soon as this particular friend was gone, he gave her a thrashing,
and thought he did right. The Magistrate thought so too, and
dismissed the case.

• A cow belonging to Mr. Matthew, of Tottenham, Middlesex,
dropped a calf on Saturday, 4th inst. and the milk not following
created some surprise, which, however, ceased on the Tuesday
following, when the cow dropped another fine calf.

Two ,train vessels, of 100 horse power each, are building at
one of his Majesty's eastern dock-yards, under the direction of
the Auistant-Surveyor of the Navy, to be stationed at Plymouth
and Portsmouth. for the purpose of towing vessels out of the
harbour when the wind may be contrary.

•
SINGULAR NARRATIvz.-In April last, the Cap-
tain of a vessel from North Carolina called upon the
Police at New York for advice, respecting a slave he
had unconsciously brought away in his vessel, under
the following curious circumstances :
" Three or four days after he had got to sea, be began to be
haunted every hour with tones of distress, seemingly proceeding''
from a human voice in the very lowest part of the.vesseL A
particular scrutiny was finilly instituted, and it was concluded
that the creature, whatever or whoever it might be, must be
confined down in the run, under the cabin floor ; and on boring
a hole with an augur, and demanding' Who's there?' a feeble
voice responded, ' Poor Negro, mama!' It was clear enough,
then, that some runaway negro had hid himself there before they
sailed, trusting to Paovnissics for his ultimatit escape. Having
discovered him, however, it was Mine Mtn relief,
for the Captain had stowed even hb cabin as =Way full
with cotton, as but just to leave room 'foes table for I
himself and the Mate to eat on ; and is for unleading at sae,
that was pretty much out of the question. Accordingly, there
he had to lie, stretched at full length, for the tedlgss beefed of
thirteen days, till the vessel arrived in port end minded, re-
ceiving his food and drink through the augur-bab.
The fellow's story's, now be is released, that bdag deter-
mined to get away from slavery, he supplied half with eggs
and biscuit, and some jugs of water, whisk bear he was just on
the point of depositing in his larldng plass, when be discovered
the Captain at a distance, cawing an 'weird and had to • hurry
down as fast as and have inn; tbatlhe lived an nothing
but his eggs and tilldleassamod by the repeals, pot even
jest* a drop of water, ezeept whit be had the good fortune to
coal in his hand one day, when a vessel of water in the cabin
was upset, during a aquaU,and some Oh. ran through the cracks
of the Soar On bins." - • •
The Editor of an einserhian Pare; la Ida nano! to Corm
kandatt. says " Triah salaam no tor isent/".
