NEW PEIRe.

In the course of the morning the following new Peers were
introduced, and took the oaths and their seats :
l'he Islarquts of WESTMINITEM (late Earl Grosvenor,)
introduced by the Marquises of LawspowNE and CMOL.
MONDELIY.
Lord POLT IMO/LE (late Sir G.Banipfyhle,) Introduced by
Lads DuctE and SEAGRATM.
Lord PArmann (late Hoe. W. Maul.), introduced by
Lords liutiaavtx and Downs.
Lord Distoanax (late Wm. Lewis Hughes, Esq.) in.
troduced by Lords Luc= and Du Ems.
The Earl of BuityttoTox (late Lord George Augustus

Henry Cavendish), introduced by the Earls of °Mom)
and CARLISLE.
The Earl of CAMPERDOWS (latc Viscount Duncan), in-
troduced by Earls ALIIIMAILE and Oos

THE RZTOIIM DILL.
The Earl of RADNOR pregented various pctitions for
the introduction of the Poor Laws to Ireland. Also a pe.
tition praying their lordships not to reject the reform bill.
Lord KING rose in support of the petition on the sub-
ject of Reform, and observed that it could be well if their
lordships would pay attention to the recommendation of the
petitioners. Public opinion had heen strongly expressed,
and it might be said that house had not nitich character to
lcse. (Cries of Order, order.)
Lord KENYON deprecated the u.e of such expressions,
es highly objectionable.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY elm considered the
language uttered by the noble lord highly offensive, and
moved the words be taken down.
Several noble lords rote at the same rime.

The Li HID CHANCELLOR decided that the motion of
the noble marquis could not be put, because another noble
lord ha,l aUrrssegl the House tires the word, wets rpoken.

Lotd KING, in explaration, repzated his former ob-
servation.
The Al.rquis of SALISBURY then moved tL•e words be
tpken down. _ .

The LORD CHANCELLOR said, his noble friend was
preparing to give explAnation at the moment the noble mar-
qois moved to take dim, his wcrtls. He was sure his noble
friend intended !wiling of to the House.
The Slatquis of SALISBURY advertedtto an instance
in Odds a Nolan Lord in the heat of debate uttered im-
proper expressions which were taken down. The question
for putting the words eown was put at the moment an
attempt wen made to explain. He understood the Noble
Lied to have svd, atrocious attempts had been made to use
the influence of that house against the wishes of the country.
The Nolte Marquis was dispcsed 'o persist in his motion.
The house, after s.is motion should be carried, might dispose
of the matter according to its wisdom.
Lord KING said, a motion bad been made to take down
the words he uttered, and that motion occurred at the mo-
ment he was rising to explain the true meaning of his words.
He did not mean to offend that House. His intention was,
to convey an assertion that there were people in the country
who en'trtained the opinion he had stated of that House.
The Noble Lord was sorry for it, and his wish was they
r)4,tht rot give further hindrance to the Re 'item Bill, and
thereby disappoint the expectation of the country, but pur-
sue a owe prudent course. . .

lard A It NCLlFFexpressed a hope upon the subject
of reform, that hitt noble friends would not be influenced by
opinions out of (loam It was extraordinary that not only
the p rsons who signed the petition, but others, believed
that certain motives must be attributed to the House of
Lords If it should so happen that the reform bill be re.
jected, it would not be occasioned by that house having more
influenee than the Horse of Commons, but it would be be-
cause ti!cy saw danger in the new constitution.
The Marquis of SALISBURY said, the noble lord hav-
ing explained that he meant nothing offensive or direspeetful
to the house, he should beg leave to withdraw his motion.
The subject consequently dropped.
PORTUGAL.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY wished to ask the
noble earl when the papers relating to Portugal would be
laid helot e the house, and whether the noble earl would ob.
j.:cr witty on the table the opinion of the Ring's advocate
respecting the ships seized by the French in the Tagus? The
noble marquis understood that more ships had been sent to
the Tagus, to take the remnant of what the French had left.
It was desirable they should have all the information neces-
sary for a full discussion of that most extraordinary occur.
rencet.

Earl GREY said he had no objection to communicate in.
formation at the proper time. The papers were not prepared,
but he wou!ci Inform the noble marquis when they would be
rads,. respect to the opinion of the King's advocate,
he bed no objection to produce it. As to the arrival of ships
In the Tagus, be could glee no information.
The Marquss of LONDONDERRY repeated that he
ras anxious to know when these papers could be pre.
s;r:ed. The documents applied to a else in which the
country would stand disgraced, without good ground for
justification.
Viscount STRA NGFORD adverted to what he consi-
dered a matter of great importance. He alluded to the wine
duties bill, which inflicted another wound on the commerce
of this country, by giving the French additional advantages
in Portugal. Three weeks since it was said, in the other
House of Parliament, that the whole conduct of France with
respect to the reciprocity treaties had been remarkable for a
spirit adverse to the commercial interests of this country.
At the present day a British vessel in the ports of France
paid ten times more for duties than a French vessel in the
ports of England. Under these circumstances it was most
extraordinary that the Government of this country should
assist the French in their efforts to be received on the most
favourable footing in Portugal. The noble viscount threw
out these observations as points worthy the attention of his
Majesty's Government.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a petition
from Somerset, for the abolition of negro slavery.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition
front Canada, praying for regulation of the affairs of that
colony.
The Earl of SHREWSBURY presented a number of
petitions from Roman Catholics in Ireland, praying for the
Cltilliiol2 of the elettive franchise, the repeal of the Union,
the poor lows and other wants felt by the inhabitants of that
part of the United Kingdom.
