PARIS JOURNALS-BY EXPRESS.

Extract of a private letter from the frontiers of
Poland :—" We have this instant learnt that the
capitulation of Warsaw has not been signed by the
Polish Generalissimo, but only by the magistrate
of the city. Nothing is yet lost, says our corres-
pondent ; the Russian army has experienced an
immense loss, and though the losses of the Poles
have been great, they are much less than those of
their adversaries, thanks to the intrenchments
which protected them. The army is concentrated
at Plozk and its neighbourhood, and as that city is
superiorly fortified, it will be necessary for the Rus-
sians to mike up their minds to an attack as dis-
astrous as that of Warsaw, to triumph over the
energies of our brave soldiers. The greatest
part of the provisions and ammunition of
war, which were deposited in the magazines
of Warsaw have been removed to Plozk. It was
from humanity, and not to expose the capital to
frightful ravages that the army proceeded to Plosk ;
it left at Warsaw but a certain number of volun-
teers drawn from various regiments, who offered
themselves to arrest the enemy whilst the grand
army operated that retrograde movement. It has
just been announced that General Skrzynecki is
among the number of these brave fellows ; deco-
rated with the epaulettes of a simple grenadier, he
put himself at the head of several French and Ger-
man physicians to defend the entrance of the bat-
teries from the Russians. The Countess Plater
and some young women guarded the wounded.—
Constitu teoenel.

The Gazette de Berlin is mute upon the affairs
of Warsaw. In its number of the 1 1 th, it was
eager to give us ,tbe disastrous news of the Bth,
which announced the taking of the city by capitu-
lation ; iu its following numbers it added some
details, but nothing official ; since then it has
preserved profound silence ; however, the number
of the 16th, which we have received to-day, al-
though giving news of the 13th, leaves us in
complete ignorance upon what has passed on the
9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th ' • it had at first announ-
ced that the capitulation of the city comprehended
the army, and it tells us now, under the rubrick of
the frontiers of Poland of the 12th, that the evening
before,Gen.Rozicki,at the bead of aPolish cerps,had
entered Rehab, where, aided by the population, he
had exercised cruelties against the Germans and
the Jews of the city ; having afterwards learnt the
arrival of the Russians, be had removed from that
city, which had now a strong Russian garrison.
As the news published by the Gazette d'Etat of
Berlin, has no official character, but draws its in-
telligence from private correspondence, we begin to
doubt that the Polish army has laid down its arms,
or rather that it has consented to receive its orders
from the Emperor Nicholas, as the Gazette de
Berlin' announced. The army, which quitted
Warsaw, was accompanied by the members
of the government, and by those of the Diet, is
united to the corps which 'was out of the city, it
must still count 40,000 to 50,000 fighting
men. The Russians lost nearly 30,000 men, of
which several were Generals ; and our letters
from Berlin received to-day inform us that there
may be added to the list of generals killed, Mar-
shal Paskewitsch, who has died from the contusion
which he received in the left arm from a Polish
bullet. It may be recollected, that when the
Russians threatened Warsaw the first time, the go-
vernment declared that if the enemy entered the
city, it would retire with the army, and that it
would never bow to theßussimis. if it keeps its word,
Poland is not yet lost, the Russian army, disorgan-
ised. as it must be after a mat which haw cost it
dear, cannot for NNW time jhink of pursuing the
Poles. who may establibb their governmeat upon
another point, perhaps even in Lithuania, and there
re-commence a struggle, which has already cost
two hudred thousand men, and may still cost as
many more.—Conetitutioninel.
Th. Casette de Wartsioars states that accord-
ing to authentic letters from Berlin, the loss of the
Rusians amounts 28,000 saes is the two affairs of
the 7th and Bth.
In the debate, which has lasted three days upon
rsonal facts, the advantage has remained to the
Ministua ' • dispensed from replying to mumnonses
abort and plain, they have seized the occasion to
attack the feeble parties from a long manifesto
filled with hazarded allegations, of griefs without
foundation, or without proof. They have taken
the offensive against the aggressor ; the characters
have been changed, and it might have been believed
that Messrs. Pena and Sehastiani still made part
of the opposition. They have come out conquerors
from that combat of personalities and invectives.
Their individual honour is safe. Their honour 1
And why was it the order of the day ? Why was
the Chamber (wearied with it during three sit-
tings ? It was the Wiwi* of ithrice which was
concerned. During these dune sittings consumed
in exp.of personal facie, what has become
of Warsawio ?
What has become of the Mak I
army ? The Ministry has sot eves Om the hews;,

it has left us in ignorance of facts, in uncertainty
of the future. What will be the consequences of
the taking of Warsaw ? At what point were the
negotiations at the moment of the catastrophe
What are the intentions of the Cabinet of Russia,
and those of tbo other Cabinets of Europe as to
the nationality of Poland ? What hope is still per.
mitted to the friends of that nation? These ques-
tions which should have been resolved at the discus-
' saion,are still untouched. Nevertheless, theChanther
lhas declared, by a majority of 221 voices, that it was
satisfied with the explanations of the Ministers,
and that it had confidence in them. Is that reso-
lution an adhesion to the ministerial system ? Does
it say that the Ministry has exactly fulfilled tip
promises of the speech from the throne, assured
the peace of Europe, obtained the general disarrnin,
put an end to tumults, and caused the nationality
of Poland to be recugnieed ? Is it not rather tint
the Chamber, uneasy from the attacks of which
Government is the object, touched by the distress
of the Ministers, has believed it urgent to lend
assistance to power in peril ? We are of the last
opinion, and we persist in thinking that tumults,
personal violences and impassioned discussions do
not advance the affairs of a country.— Constitu-
tionnel.

The sitting of yesterday, in the Chamber of
Deputies, defies all commentary; it is necessary
to draw a veil over such deplorable debates
L'Avenir.

We understand that the government has re.
ceived news from Greece, by extraordinary de.
spatch, according to which a revolution has burn
out in that country.—Constitutionnel.
If we can rely on woe letters received to-day
from Frankfort, the report was current in that
city, that General Paskewitsch was dead, in con-
sequence of the serious contusion which he had
received on the chest.—Quolodienne.
' A part of the Deputies of the opposition, refused
yesterday to take any part in the deliberation,
because the proposition submitted to the Chamber
was unconstitutional, and contrary to the liberty
of its decisions; but it appears that it must sc.
custom itself to that manner of proceeding. The
Perier Ministry, although incessantly talking of
Parliamentary rules, has habits diametrically
opposed to such rules.—L'Avenir.
We are assured that the Prussian, Russian, and
Austrian Cabinets are firmly decided to preserve to
Holland the possession of the parts of tbe terri-
tory which they bad conceded to it in the Proto-
cols. There is a talk of a Protocol, in which the
Conference summon the Belgians to adhere to the
conditions of the !reparation which were anteriorly
resolved upon.—Journal de la Haye.
On the 13th of this month, there was passed at
Cologne, a contract with the capitalists of that
Prussian city to provision a Dutch army of 65,000
men. We can affirm that fact. It may be seen
that it is in Prussia that the Dutch find resources
against Belgium; as it was in Prussia that the
Russians found resources against the unfortunate
Poles."—Caurier des Pay-Bas.
We are assured that several promotions have been
made in the 3d regiment of Light Infantry, in re-
compense for the conduct which it displayed at the
Palais Royal on Monday evening. The captain of
grenadiers who made the first sortie into the galle-
ries at the palace has been named chief of battalion;
his lieutenant has received the cross of officer of the
legion of honour; and a serjeant of the same com-
pany that of legionnair.—Quoliclinvie.
limn circulates in Paris bronze medals, of the
size of a sous, and double the thickness, represent-
ing on one side the Duke of Bordeaux, with the
inscription of Howl Dieu-Dolusi. On the other
is an anchor surmounted with a heart and a crow;
below, Dieu et le Roi.—Revolattiox.

At the moment when the Chamber has just
given its approbation to the system of exterior po-
litics of the Ministry, it is as well to call its men.
Lion to the letter of M. Sebastiani' cited by Lord
Grey in the House of Lords on the 19th, by which
Our Minister of Foreign Aff.iire is eager to declare
that he had never thought of profittiog from our
expedition, to ameliorate our commercial relations
with Portugal. It appear., according to that com-
munication, that our alliance with England is
founded upon the condition of sacrificing us ell
countries our interests to those of that Power.—
Le Temps.
That which the Ministry had demanded is ae-
complisbed. The Chamber preaminced yesterday,
by • significant vote, that which it intends to ap-
prove, that which it intends to defend. It has
admitted now in principle that the Ministry carried,
as it wished, the affair of Belgium • it has found
that France was sufficiently interested is the stairs
of Poland ; it bee recognised that the occupation
of Upper Italy by Austria will sot emits discos-
tent or suspicion ; and le that the Chamber sew
up, as the Ministry declares, the responsibility of
all its acts : it is dome after having matinelf
deliberated upon all these questions, after hating
turned them opus all sides. There will be nothing
more to say henceforth to the Ministry upon its
exterior system. M. Sebassiani supports himself
henceforth upon the Chamber. Thus hes decided
Messrs. the 221, who bete voted for the Ministry
Perier.—Revolution.

01110 LIBRA.
on the Mt sfit. k Ile sank% there rembil. A
5.16. ••• ••
, . blow Cow Reeeveries. Doe&
• 4 1
7 4 8 I
8

•• 9
Tam re;sile ISt 1411141111,me likely to waver.
Asmeedli *set Se noloml, Wag the
ea
&WM- his Molly lin shot
184114112194144•10•41•Poisrsiergh
mud; /416
Iselesies.
twit.
Ms east pit
_thsoAdiso bass bordly say ewes d
Adm. Nary Pads Mies Mae quits reetrigral kft
the hoephois se the M. Irsosenlay, bswever, soma pa-
sses were attached by the Mostar.
Verne.% Wm 111.—h was he die eight of the 13th
inst. sters a storm sled mesh mid talk dist the Cholas
broke out, width had bona Issi shaded is Its popes bY
mare eenitess osaimee. Thu dims hes ohs sou ebt,
now is dbaithope I bet what le Wirt sesp/or, it. shot
dp=gaZylhot eve dsy after its it attacktd
uses poses of the dams then in
tabs meow Ts-day don ate hewer Goss doe se the we
int dap"
811111.77/. Sm. 11.... Tat Csossia.
Sepess 18ber. New moss. itsesvesise. Deaths.
41' 3 28
19 di 7 14
Thus Numb me the Mk at ease, 181.-.Preesien SO
Gas" 104. se.
17w'''—eimenzjmucisaktrilso :ymison,":47BNiasedworsktisorostherbadlin bislibionnesivedteogre°67lsh:
7
Illeetteddi tali the ellhee te Oath% eve Wiese Mil
Demo, am she whir die dile Niel ma that sle pr 43
mho lemsbe It MA asaa akeasek. The elm is lar"
ssemilli mei we le us Imarilla els Marin Ime erresi

is.
i

hit
01
ta
re

Acconnts from Brussels state that 4,000 Dutch
troops have landed at Capetalem Dam, with eleven
pieces of cannon. Belgian troops were proceeding
to that quarter.
A reat part of the military forces stationed in
lie Departments of the Meuse, Moselle, and
Mew th, were proceeding towards Luxemberg and
i vet.
ACSTRIA/f ITALY, TRIESTIL, SYPT. 11.••••
By extraordinary dispatch.)—" It is regarded
zenerally as a certain fact that Count Capo-
ristrias will be compelled to resign his powers and
quit Greece, since that the country is at war with
Russia. The first acts of hostilities took place
?,fore Poros, where several Russian vessels were
ra.r.r.hiv used : the maritime war has finished by
;he heroic and desperate resolution of Admiral
Miaulis, to burn all his fleet rather than deliver
't to the Russians."—Oaxette d'Augrbourg.
The following letter is from the frontiers of Salt-
zerland,dated Sept. 17 :—" Complete anarchy pre-
rpils in the Canton of Basle. The peasantry fight
at each side ; the. Diet appears uncertain in the
measures which it ought to take to give peace to
the Canton. This day, between ten and eleven
o'clock, the generale was beaten to expel strangers
from Basle. The report spread that the Balois wished
to go to the succour of the communes which adhere to
them, and which are attacked by those of tbeLiestal
party. Every day affairs become more compli-
cated. In fact, at two o'clock in the day, 1,000
troops, with some artillery, were going we know
not where. Four battalions of Zurich troops have
entered Liestal."
isescw Fyne, Psi's, Sm. 64.—Fire per Cents.
88100 c 70e 85e tiOe 70n 60c 70c 76c 70c 88f 75c 80c ; Loan
of 1831,88 f 80c ; Three per Cents. 00f be 1k 10e 80C 691
,Dc 95c 55c 7k 59f 70C. 7k 80e 75e 86c 80c 8k Ikle 93e.
JAMAICA.

A Jamaica mail has arrived ; sailed on the 17th
August, by which we have received Jamaica papers
of the 16th of August. The following circular
has been addressed to the Custodes of the different
parishes throughout the island of Jamaica.
.‘ Si a—l am commanded by his Eicellency
the Governor to enclose an extract of a despatch
from Lord Goderich, declaring in the most distinct
manner any intention on the part of his Majesty's
Government to adopt any measures which may
have the effect of interfering with the spirit of the
resolution of 1823, relative to the ultimate extinc-
tion of slavery in his Majesty's colonies. His
Excellency trusts that this explicit declaration
if his Majesty's Government will remove any
alarm or apprehension which some of the parochial
resolutions may have excited in the minds of the
community at large, with a view therefore of allay-
ing any such uneasiness, his Excellency requests
that you will give publicity to the enclosed
document. W. BULLOCK.

The accounts from Carthagena, by the last
packet, are anything but satisfactory.
Accounts have been received by the Jamaica
packet, of a most dreadful hurricane at Barbadoes,
which has caused terrible destruction both in lives
and property.

UNITED STATES.
We have received, by the packet-ship Man-
chester, New York papers to the 2nd instant.
They contain a melancholy narrative of the insur-
rection of the blacks in Southampton county, Vir-
ginia. It appears, from the accounts in the
American papers, that there wan no organised
conspiracy to rise upon the whites. Three
whits ruSans and four slaves, associated together
for the purpose It is suPeosed, of robbery,
and having already committed several murders,
took it into their beads to strengthen their
party by inducing the blacks of the region,by means
of threats, it is said, and most probably, also, by
promises, to join them, and thus collected the force
which has made the county a scene of bloodshed,
and rendered itself formidable to the civil autho-
rity. The three white men and four slaves belong-
ing to Mr. John Travers, near the Cross Keys,
rose upon him an hour before daylight, and
cruelly murdered him and all his white family.
They then proceeded to Mrs. Catheriae White-
head's, and murdered the whole of the whits fa-
mily consisting of seven persona. Mr. Williams,
a near neighbour of Mrs. Whitehead, hearing their
cries, ran over, and found Mrs. Whitehead
butchered with an axe ; her son (s minister of the
Gospel) with his bead severed from his body, and
a young lady lying dead in the fire-place of her
chamber. Mr. W. returned to his own dwelling,
when he was met by one of his negmlasvp, with the
horrible tidings that his wife and 'Wren had been
murdered in his absence. After pressing the slaves
they fell in with, under penalty of death for refusal,
the wretches accumulated from 100 to 200 ; end
is their progress murdered the families of Mr. G.
Vaughan, Mr. Thomas Barrow, and many others,
amounting in all to nearly 70 persons. The brigand;
were chiefly mounted on horseback, and armed with
fowling-pieces. The troops and the militia were in
motion on the int alarm of the Insurrection : they
hadiereralskiritiehss, with the savages whom they
shot down on the roads, and the carcasses of the dead
strewed, according to the papers, the highways.
Several of the military were killed and wounded in
the skirmishes which took place. At length the
insurgents were completely hemmed in, and an
engagement ensues?,, in whisk 100 blacks were
tilled and several Om Frbonert. The remainder,
about 200 is mans.,
escaped to the Dismal
Swamp. The loss of the militia was two killed,
and several wounded. i

We have advice' fromt. Bartholomew's,
which state that the King of Sweden had granted
the eligibility to vote for members of the Council
wad of the Courts of Justice to free people of colour
in that island, of 21 years of age, natives or natu-
ralized, with a burgher's !mist or in possession of
landed property, or embarked in an industrious em-
Plvyrneat.

:Amongst the distinguished Wiwi at present in
Paris, is the Italian Princess di Bellegioso. It was
her fortune to be in Paris at the period of the un-
successful insurrection in Italy. Her patrimonial
states are situated in the neighbourhood of Milan,
and are said to yield a revenue of 200,000 francs
,0001 sterling,) a large income in Italy. Her resi-
dence inParis was in one of the most splendid modern
hotels, %hese she entertained in princely style
all the lilt' as of pnlitical liberality. Italian in-
sulgetits, Spanish reAsgees, and the extra Liberals
of the Chamber, ell frequented her tarries. In-
spired by her enthestasm she remitted the whole
of her money in her banker's hands to the icier-
!Lents and, after &hot, having disregutied the
rrodunations of the Emperor to Mars* her
estates have been confiscated.

THE ATHEN/EUM
JOURNAL OF LITERATURE, SCIENCE
AND ART.
SIXTY-FOUR LARGE QUARTO PAGES
FOR SIXTEEN PENCE.
[Equal to two common octavo volumes.]
The Monthly Part for September, consisting of defeat
weekly Numbers, neatly stitched in a wrapper, is THIS
DAY published, and may be received in any part of the
country with the Maga:lnes, if ordered immediately, of a
bookseller in the neighbourhood. The Atheneum of Sa-
turday, the Bth of October, pries numeric', will contain a
View of the Front of Ring's College—A View of the Oats.
way of King's College—An Engraving of the Arms of the
College—With an article explanatory of the Course of
Education, Arc. and the customary Reviews, original
Papers, &e.
May be ordered of all booksellers and newsmen.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON, MONDAY, SEPT. 26.
~....
ONE O'CLOCK, Tine DAY.—Thermometer, 85. Ba.
rometer, 30.00. Weather, cloudy, and rain. Wind W.
