•MIN
•
•
FOR. THE BENEFIT OF MR. BRANDON,
Box-Book and House-Keeper.
NEW THEATRE-ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.
TO-MORROW
will be actedEsViNpleNarG, ,
TragedyJUNEs 14, 1810,
of
KING LEAR.
King Lear, Mr. KEMBLE ;
Duke of Burgundy, Mr. FIELD;
Duke of Cornwall, Mr. JEFFRIES ;
Duke of Albany, Mr. CLAREMONT; SI
Earl of Kent, Mr. CRESWELL ; 0
Earl of Gloster, Mr. MURRAY; Edgar, Mr. C. KEMBLE. . ii
Edmund, Mr. BRUNTON ; Physician, Mr. DAVENPORT
Officer, Mr. TREBY • Oswald, Mr. FARLEY.
Goneril, Mrs. HUMPHRES ; Regan, Mrs. WESTON ;
Cordelia, Miss BRISTOW. a
End of the Play, for the only and last time this season,
0: A. STLZVENS'II celebrated Description of fi
A STORM !
(With appropriate Scenery, a Hurricane, Ship in Distress, &c.)
By Mr. INCLEDON.
With a FARCE and other ENTERTAINMENTS.
Tickets and Places for the Boxes to be had of Mr. BRANDON, a
at the New Box-Office, in Prince's Place, Hart-street. ri
WEST INDIES. a
CUBA PROCLAMATION.
"MOST FAITHFUL INHABIT ANTS OF THE ISLAND OP CUBA. b
" The insatiable and fatal ambition of the oppres le
-
sor of mankind, made us foresee that Spanish Ame- p
rica would enter into the plan of his usurpation, as I b
indicated to you in my Proclamation of the 12th of „
March last ; and I ought now to inform you, that he
L.-
has effectually begun to realize them by the same in-
sidious means he practised in Europe.
gg I am positively informed, that the intrusive Jo-
seph Bonaparte, the faithful executor of his sangui-
nary and subversive Decrees, has sent an emissary to a
the United States, accompanied by incendiary satel- o
lites, encharged with spreading the fire of division
and discord among us, the favourite weapon of the P.
treacherous tyrant, which has obtained him laurels 11
enamelled with robberies and innocent blood.
" It is true, lila after his impious and atrocious
operations, and in consequence of the sublime loyalty
and patriotism inseparable from the Spanish name,
he has not been tble to entertain the least hope of find-
ing or gaining partizans in these regions ; bat the re- 2
sources of his infamous arts being incalculable, which
a fatal el- since has shown us, it is to be presumed,
aa: will take the oblique course of involving us in in- /
testine dissentions, by means of impositions, calum-
nies, 'and seductions, in order to benumb our co-ope-
rations in favour of the glorious national insurrection, s
to interrupt and diminish the advantages which the t
heroic English nation derives from our commerce, and /
applies towards the expences of the holy war, and by /
this order of things, to prepare the subjugation of
Spain, the conquest and desolation of England, and
finally, the dominion and slavery of the Americans.
In the knowledge thereof, we should be criminals of '
the most abandoned nature, if, by considering his de-
signs impracticable, we were to forget taking the ne-
cessary measures to apprehend the above-mentioned
satellites, stopping the fire in its origin, and pc,ll:Ts
preventing it only by taking anticipated and reason-
able measures.
Se Flatter myself, that the Chiefs, Magistrates, and
all classes of inhabitants, will endeavour to excel each
other in watching and prosecuting them, that they
may not be able to conceal themselves under any
, disguise, and in order to ensure greater success, I or-
der and command,
" Ist, That the Governor of Cuba, the Lieutenant.
tind other Justices, shall make known by proclama-
tions, or in any other way, not to permit any person ,
whatsoever to disembark in their district, who should
' come in a vessel proceeding from a foreign port, with-
out his being first visited by the proper officer or per- '
son appointed to that effect, under the penalty of 1000 '
dollars to the contravener thereof, as well as the Cap-
tain, to be applied to the expences of the war ; and
if it should be proved that any person is an agent of
the French, he will incur the utmost rigour of the '
law.
6' 2d, In the act of visiting, they will examine mi-
nutely the manifest, roll d'equipage, passports of the
crews and passengers, and endeavour to observe and
apprehend whoever should come disguised.
" 3d, They will enquire into the nature and object
of the coming of the passengers, without permitting
them to disembark, unless they give the necessary se-
curity, answerable for their conduct.
" 4th, They will collect the letters in their posses-
sion, which they will deliver to the persons they are
directed to, obliging them to shew that part which
relates to the object of their arrival, to compare it
with the verbal infcrmation of the btarer of said let-
ters, respecting the motives of his coming.
ee sth, They will give me information of said pas-
sengers, their property, the object of their voyage, I
and the ohz.ervations they may have made, in the act
of visiting the vessel or afterwards.
" 6th, They will enchatge the Captains of vessels
to give them daily advice of the existence of the it
crew, that in case any one should disappear, he may
be taken up immediately ; al-io taking care that all
should return in the same vessel.
" 7th, As respe;ts vessels proceeding from out own
ports, they will take care to examine the passports of
Use passengers, inquire the object of their coming,
nbserve their conduct, and advise n.e thereof, as or-
dered in w tick sth.
4' Bth, They will endeavour to enforce, with great
exactness, articles 82 and 83 of. the ordinance of po-
lice, wherein it is decreed, that every person whop
hires a house or ro,ni, or whoever takes boarders,
shall immediately give the information thereof to the
police officers.
" 9th, Fin:4lly, as it is but justice to reward gene-
ronA v ar d cell: emably to circum twice', those who
should denounce and apprehend ti-e aforesaid perfidi-
ous b.-gents, and in order that a t teat number of zea-
-1 ,us patriots may participate hi so meritorious an
• act:a suhscril tion will be opened for shares, at ten
- dollars each, and the said gratification will be paid by
. the subscribers, in proportion to their respective
shares, having :nbscribed myself for 100 of them.—
ha that it may be made known publicly, this pro.
clunation shall be published and circulatcd in the ac-
ILlStoMary LOTTO'
“ The Marquis Da SogcliP74,o6!"
!. I ;ay annab February 5, 110."
tzd"liAtotro?lthelistitiVido'fciPCnulbalahltwahltahtougFhe:.isllri by
xueldadirnprrioitn--
s proving
is
.
