CM ON GOOD HOPE.

Mr. BARING said, that he had a Petition to present
(tons a number of respectable inhabitants of the Cape.
of Good Hope, respecting the administration of that
Colony ; but, as he had a few days since stated his sen-
timents on the presentation of a similar Petition, he
should rot then take up the time of the House,by going
as any length into the subject. The Petition 'alluded
to the circumstance of the arbitrary suppression of the
only Newspaper in the Colony, to the Colonists not
being allowed to call any meeting whatever; and it op-
prated from everything, that hitherto the Government
of the Cape was one of the most vigilant despotism,
and that there was no possibility of doing anything
there which had for its object the calling, in the least
degree, in question the conduct of Government. He
knew th re was a great difference of opinion with re..
spect to the liberty of the press being conceded to the
Colonies ; but he also *bought that there was no one
who would go the length of saying. that any Colony
could remain in such a state u the Cape of Good Hope.
All be would say with respect to the Petition was, chit
it cline from respectable persons, who were neither ca-
pable of misrepresentation or of any personal !motility
against the Governor. Indeed. they had expressly de-
sired to separate their case from that of Mr. flishop
Burnett, and of every other individual who bid peti-
tioned against the Governor personally. Hera tfie.Hon.
Gentleman read an entice from the Petition, in which
the Petitioners alluded to the suppression of the only
Newspaper published in the Colony, with the exception
of the Govemewei Giteetie, and complained that the
Government had given a positive refusal to permit the
fotmation of a literary society, althilugh din had hien
solicited so to do by a number of meet respectable per,
sons, amongst whom were the Chief Justice, the dodge
Adv'. cate, and others.
The Petition was thee breestit ap and teed. (M the nwslenthee
it be printed, .
Mr. HUME said, that the present et pottornt7 wa-
ged the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. W. Horton) to
correct what he mentioned the other night, namely,
that Mr. Gregg was not banished from ;be. Cape of
000 Elope on the seiXure of his types and .
The, Hon. Gentleman here read the wider 9 th
se- oment, directing that, as Mr. Gregg had vi
She liras of the Colony, be should leave the Cape w
i a nroqtb, and also, that his types /cc. should 4,
seized). it afterwards appeared, by a subsequent letter
from the.Frsetli that. as he saw that Air. Gregg's types.
am were advertised for sale, the warrant for his banish•
ment from the Colony should be witbdrawr. it would
be at once seen, however, that the reasoning pounded
upon this was fallacious, as Mr. Gregg wee obliged to
come to England to seek redress, and be (Mr. Hume)
thought that Mr. Gregg suffered full as notch, ea if the
original order had remained in full force. If, as be
understood was likely, the House would sit soar* time
logger, be would bring the subject di-tinctly and *pa-
rtway before them. As to the state of the Colony, the
Report of the Commissioners admitted, that, by the
concentration of all power in t' e Governor, that of
adding to the debt, levying taxes at his discretion, the
appellate jurisdiction, and the power of removing. per,
sons from thetolony—in st.ort, in every page, there
was enough to prove the necessity of inquiry. Even
now he thought, that in what was to be done. it might
be a waste of time to look too much to the pot, and
the object should be future improvement. Thathe ex 7
petted would have been the case in the motion which
an Hon. Friend behind him (Mr. Loathe) was to have
brought on. After a few other observations, the Hon.
G-atemen concluded by hoping, that the Right, Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. W. Horton) would. give the sulkiest
particular attention.
Mr. W. HORTON begged to observe, that, with
respect to the charge which had been swede against the
Government of the. Cape, respecting the. suppression
of a newspaper, it was entirely groundless, as that
suppression was the act of the Government at home.
That would appear from the papas. already before the
House, and which were then in process of printing.
He thought it was most unfair to attribute to the Go-
vernor all those arbiti ary proceedings which belonged
to the system and to. the situation of the Cape of. Good
Hope. (Here the.e was considerable interruption, and,
indeed, the noise throughout was such as to render the
speaker very inaudible.) The Right Hon. Gentleman
proceeded to say, that whatever might be the iadispo-
'Won of Honourable Members to hear more of this
subject, it was of the utmost importance that the Colo-
nists should understand that their interests lam attended
to here, and that they were not treated with neglect.
Tie Commissioners who were sent out were intrusted
with a power to introduce such alterationd into the
practice at tl e Cape of Good. Hope, as would meet the
wishes of the HMI. Gentleman who pr: sensed the peti-
tion. It was also the opinion of his Noble Friend, the
present Secretary for the Colonies, and he had directed
hien:(Mr. W. Horton) to say so, that, if it were not for
Use sending out of that Commission by his Noble Pre-
decessor, the benefits already derived, and theoevidence
attained could not havelnlethal. 'Myr misconceptions
bad gone abroad, and mahr tiertirdstinces nine, which
made intended improvenselts itripracticable. F 4 in-
stance, directions had been giientoi tthe itutirduction of
the English langoageintoillegrnepOjegs of the Colony,
fora period of fivelears, in ordeedsauthe adoption of
the English laws and langtragd might be mittens-
potatteous,' but the pre,ent:Griveckvir had found
Otto inconvenient, sod it had been
.abansloneJ. As
Isk, the eurrent,y, also, the most. gross misconmp.
tiou hid gone forth, and, most particularly, with

respect to the •Qovernor, who, it there
error in - the proceedings, aras atettether
The ;comity 4hich°hadAnamscomplaisted of,
attributable to anrenea*res of the local Gov
The Hotspur.), Meetb‘r opposite, ought,he ci
to be satlifiAl with the understairding, that fot .
leg any realevauffecting the inhabitants of that Colony
the means did exist, and ware in the hands of the local
Government, and ,that that° Government was prepay
iostaotty and-decisively to tarry than into esecutio
'He Naiad Mt sny that .evatrother toonsidetatieo
:netted-with this ctibject noght-to be-postponed; 'Hit ll
tenni,' assure the 'House, that before next -Sestion, ,
,expacted to he in a situation to eiplain (ally the t.u.
.tions of his Majesty's Government, -sad .to lay leder
ti
thetHouse sueh • propositions unix chonki‘be nalhori
to do by his Noble Friend at the 'head of the COlode
Department.
pier a kw words from Mr. W. Saws,
Mr. FLUME complained, that the Government of
Lord Charles Somerset had depreciated the currency at
the Cape of Good Hope. He did not complain of hit
Maje.ty's Government at home, for he doubted not tha
they had every disposition to establish a soundund fix
currency. He wished to know whether or not it truth
intention again to send out Lord Charles Somerset,
what was proposed to be done with reference to the Gal
vernment of that Colony?
Mr. W. HORTON said, the Hon. Member must be
aware that a motion stood for that evening, the object
of which would be to bring the whole subject under the
(consideration of the House. The matter had been taken
out of the hands of the executive Government, andhe
was, therefore, entirely unprepared to say what course
might be taken.
After some remarks from Mr. F. PAOLO% and a further obese.
cation from Mr. °W. gloms",
Mr. WARBURTON said, that he knew it to be a
fact, that so long as it was apprehended that Lord
Charles Somerset would be again sent out to the Cape,
to long they would be without witnesses to substantiaee
the case against him. It was, therefore, no matter of
surprise that Hon. Gentlemen should be so slow to bring
forward the proposed measure.
Mr. A. BARING observed, that the petitioners were
no Pasties 39 the abandonment of the measure.
The SPEAKER said, that Hon. Members were in
danger of losing sight of the precise question before thg
House; it was, whether the present Petition be printed?
ye Amber shaervatiors being made, the question was pat, amt
the Peddon ordered to be primed.
Mr. MAAWIILL presented a Petition Gone certain Manafee.
hirers baon#og to the town of Frame. In the county of flomerset,
praying for the imposition of a Tax upon blachinery.--Ordend to
4e ilite lb. table.
bir• lild MR Premilleti a Petition from the Weeten reeliesit in
hobo-' ' ' - tr. against Monopoly 0 Gym,--or.

atteudos had been drawn to them**, the matt sedan cnasiders-
tial beano& given to it at the TFolt was, at all wenn,
latilsetery aknow that the *lO of was conlaed, and
local, indby us menus gez=ber =ic It had ads •h
besirdirtanw•J asr re Kat bun? wen
isf a statiappinaching to suit. At the mesa inement he was net
pillaged to say what mode it walk' be best to adopt Lae gsul
rid of be locouvenience. &mon as Mesas amid be devised *et
ival4 eiFect the abject is view. and at the muse time guard against
fraud, those means would be adapted—further ha was not then
"
Ifewspeats lt. IteViaobservations from Mr. Cam. Mr. Corium Cat,
NVn! Mr- MaxsAtn. sad Mr. ilitoomiosan tha Petition was an
dared to be printed
Lord O. CA VICHDISU presented a redden from the Pro
t 4iaamitcri of *Wadi, io Derbyshire, pray* fee the rapir=
the Tat and Corporation Acts.—Ordered to lie ea the table.
eannest. LAM ANLIMMIIIMIT late.
On the motion of Mr. NUM the Ameadmeass made
ut
Lade* hi four Hals for Censelidaing ant Amanda, the
nal Las, was rend sad agreed to; and Mr. I'm was emitted to
carry back the Bills to the Ufa.

mums GO PSIMILICIA

Ida lk BIC* mead, that Thomas Flashing= be kesght to the
bar of she Hesse, be forename Mks wise.
TIN ;MAK= stated, that sabsequeody to the reeks of the
order for tablas 'Thomas Flannigan into custody, be had hooked
a lever Erma that persoo • the Socjeant at Arms had also received
better end the Deputy ifetueloosper (Mt. Bellamy), had met with
the offender in the street. Previous, therefore, to calliag Thomas
Maonepo earth, Bor. perhaps Ote Haut would think k advisable
to have the letters put is and read, and also to hear the statement
Make Deputy Housekeeper.
The letters were then read. The one to the Speaker stated, that
a keret seriously injuring other partial would prevent the writer
from obeying the minimum of the Hot& until Monday (yeaterdruf);
bet he gave hi. honour to the Speaker, thu on that day hewesuld
ionmuler—(lougbur). Mauro the &rigors at Arms was to Ms
effect :—The writer informed the Serjeant at Arms, that private
considerations would prevent him tram delivering himself until
zy.(yesterday), sod he therefore Crested that the genereelty
it Sedum, woold flans hint —( Usenet).
The Deputy Housekeeper, Mr. Bellamy., owe does celled es the
Bar.—He stated that he met Mr. Flatmates lo dearest and re-
. d him to aceeshpuhy him as he wawa Maser otthe Hesse of
Mr. Flansegas related, sod midthas be Wiwi& an
arrangenwet with the Spother smi the earjeatto—(Loughter)-ond
in fulfilment of that enaogement he would surtesdetos.llen4y
The witness did not feel hissulf authorised to proceed hither, ale
ha bad not.a .warraut.

Thomas Manosson was then called to the Bar, mid having been
beard in explanation of his conduct, be was ordered to withdraw.
The Resolutions of ihr.Select Commitee, declaring?. Plarroosan
guilty of having forged names to a Petition baying bilwpreod,
Mr. S. RICE. after mune remarks, moved that Theism Mous-
se° foe the said ofroce be coounitterto his blaje:to=of New.
gate and that the Speaker do hese bit warrant ac
Dir. HUMS entered into an investigation of tbe traps, trod eon.
tudedthat the yvivileses of the House bad been salketaily Warded
by the inquiry which had been made. He thurrebrem weed se an
aoseedment. that Thomas Fiannagaa be brosibttodee Ilar of that.
House, and ntlaursidied by the Speaker.
Sir I. Newiroav supported the original motion, and Mr. Roca
replied, when the House divided, and there appeared—
For the original Motion . : $1
Mir tie Amendrient 7
Majority —74
The original Motion was therefore carried, and the SPeaker's
Warrant haled accordingly.

BANEDIG
Sr H. PARNELL said, that is lie Charter of the Hank of
}inland would expire in 183 a, be thought it was high time some,
arrangement was made as to whether or oo what terns that Char-
tefahoold be renewed. In that opinion he was by no means singular,
but under the peculiar circumstances of the time, he would'bot then
press the coosideratian.of the subject. He would merely say teat
liit'year the Thinking system kid been proved to be defective, and
♦9• e trusted that next Suakin Hajesty6a Government would be
reedy to propose sat& aitcrations is.would prove beneficial. Having
eftolit"that remark; fie should content himself by moulds for a Re-'
darnoftbit NumtierolJdibt Stock Banking Cunipanie% which had.
been es:sahib:hid under the Act of last Seadati.—Ordried.

vinare msg.
Mr. H tEM brow, for the purpose of bringing forward a eilliiigirt'
Resolutions for the betted regulation of.the way in which ihate
bill were contisered while before drat Howe.
Mr. W. WYNN approved arinany of the ingiustiiiiss of yhe
lion. Member, but on account of the late peried infittcAlieisintt re-
'commended that they should stand over WI the nett hcstiott.

Sir IiDW. lENATCHBULL expressed an anxiety to
know *ether it was intended to extend the time et the
mil! ailtided to last night beyond the4st of July, forike
adroisden:Of4lielericle, add alb Initebneettenber it was
>Prol:itned to take tbe averages. They Vire aittlady
!ftlftifiered'tber theta We 530,060 *bitten df 'tibebeln
144, enlVin additioi, •they were liable to angnnsmed
'amount of importation .from Canada. He wiabedlo
tiessionwipeeiSed limitation .assigned tOthe latter.
Mr. CittliNlNGiald,'ttlitlietb •the' tine of the part
of Owe:till which referred to 'theist Of -July being-n.l
tended, he could notleelhow that 'cbuld be done, for
he meant to propose the reading of the Bill to-morrow;
if no opposition were intended to its adtancenieilt : if
any such were contemplated, ft could be postponed
'until Thursday next. The foetus of the'Hotise woul4
.not, he Nand, adiwit of the Bill's being carried tap noi,
the Lords before Monday; and, allowing a•reatonable
time for its progress there, hardly tea days. would inter
vent' before the Ist of July: so that he could net coo
template any extension of date in that respect. Withi
respect to the averages, he certainly was ready to take,
on the present occasion, the amended avenge form as•
recommended by the other House of Parliament. The
Bill would be printed to-morrow,and the details would,
then be better understood.
Mr, WM. WARD said, that he had no apprehension
there was any quantity likely to come into the market
which could operate to the prejudice of any interest.
He, however, lamented tint such a state of things as
the Corn Laws involved should have remained for a
whole year unsettled, though he disclaimed imputing
any blame whatever to the Government on that account.
Mr. BENET/. hoped that, so far as the Averages were ewe.
corned, rise Bill would be speedily brought into operation.
*r. HUSKIESSON said that was absolutely secessary, forst
present plan of Averages could not beapplied to a temporary '
sure. Mee Memo were only now snuck tow doses a veer, psi
that, mks an akeraticon took phos, there would be no standard if
the market available for the new Bill.
Mr. WARBUITON had no °bindle to the time arringslibi
the Bin.•
Leave was gives to bring M tare Bill, end It wee mead the k
should be read a wood time to-morrow, and be osmaskMll
Thursday. •

CUSTOMS DILL.
Mr. MIERTIPSsiond the farther camillsratrusiedie Ivan
la the Comes BUI.
Mr. Aldine's THOMPSON send the reenunithel el the

to &kw Plw !Lite dams.
. tea timber &combs 'to be retained
in the nest step elf taw 11101.
Mr. WHITfdORIL cohdensned the Bill, as involving
an esseotial departure froth the liberal principles laid
dolts early In the Session by the Right Hon. Gentle-
man. He was anxious that the system which the Right
Hon. Gentleman bad adopted should be persevered in,
and was extremely sorry to me this symptom of rata.
ire=f. He understood that the Hon. Member for
had in innendmertt to propose, and be should
titittidid,VOte for it.
Mr. MIME said, that the chase complained of in
the Bill was a very great innovation, and altogether a
isparture from the principles of the Right Hon. Gent.
- Mr. C. GRANT observed, that his Right Hos. Mead
had never laid it down ass principle that all restrictions.
showsld be indiscriminately. taken &Way. Ile bad always
said, that in a general measure vested interests ought to
be protected as attach as possible.
Mr. WARBURTON thought that the objections of
the merchants of London to concessions of this nature
beght to be attended to, as they mfght hereafter be
made the ground for farther concessions. The Right
lion. Gentleman had made out ne case for the clause.
Vested interests had been talked of, but it had not yet
been shewn that any vested interests existed here. In
point of fact, the clause introduced new articles, instead
of protecting vested rights.
Mr. LIDDELL said he should not have addresied
the House had he not taken so large a share in the dis-
cussion respecting the shipping interest. In the report
upon which the change its our Angirtion Laws had
been founded, and whitil Wes so often alluded to in that
House, there would be found to prevail a manifest
dread lest the proposed changes should be productive
of some mischief;. and die Report recommended intent
modifications, if their fears should Ore* colteet. It
had been. said tbat the Right HAI. Gentleman had
made out no ease. He (Mr. Liddell), however, thought
that as it was clear that the existence of the Mercantile
marine of Erigland was essential to the prosperity of the
country, and as this measure would in some degree re-
lieve the distress under which it at present unfortunately
laboured, it could hardly be said that no case bad been
made out.

Mr. BENETT hoped that the Right Hte Gebt.
would persevere in carrying the principles of " trade
into effect, as far as possible, without injuring lasted
rights. kbethought that in Me present instance the accu-
sation of his, having departed from the principles which
pecifisittl was unjust.
Mr. Aldiaman WAlTflfdAN said, that right as the
Eight Hon. Gentleman's principles might be, be thought'l
that he was rather chargeable with having gone too far,
than not far enough. toe primiplis of free trade could
never be carried fully into effect. without a considerable
reduction in taxation. He felt it his duty to support thi,
measure, because be thought it a just and proper one.
Mr. D. GILBERT asked a quacks respecting copper ores la
hood, whkh was nee distinctly beard in the glikwy.
Mr. HUSKISSON said, that no copper is s manufsetared *ate
could be pat lute bond. The question was then pot, sad agreed to.
After some desultory convematico, the report was sgried
The Malt Bib was moimmittedi and the report was ordered to
be received on Thursday.

NEW COIN SILL.

lit. HERR lES brought In a BS far allowing Ike a tinie to
limited, cowl, moal,and flour, to be entered for home ownsmaption.
The Bill wse rad a first time, and was ordered to be read a mimed
time to-morroW (do day).
etwarrase MAXIMO' BILL. _ _ _

Mr. W. SMlTlimoved the third readlat of the Theaeoters'
Marriage HU
Sir T. D. ACLAND regretted that his Hon. Friend
had, in the present Bill, departed from the principle of,
his former Bill. Within a very few days, his Hon.,
Friend had introduced a clause, the effect of which was
to make marriage altogether a civil contract. To th 4
he could not 'consent'; and he wished his Honourable
Friend would postpone the third reading for a day or'
two, to give time for devising some remedy. By the
present Bill, Dissenters about to contract matrimony.
after publicatesn'ef bans and other preliminary totals.
might go bet 'a: Magistrate end there complete the
Contract. thibLiiistrate's cent li:ate being forwarded to
•church.
1.-Lhe pars'sit. He should propose that, after the
pasties had manca declaration of their intention heforel ,
Lau! Magistrate, the latter should authotise them to be,

married in a Dissenting place of worship. It wa„ith
no mouse of hostility to the Bill that hemove d thatthe
third reading be postponed till Thursday next.
t Mr. W. SMITH, in reply, contended th .t this Act
merely restored the marriage law to what it was bey ~,
the passing of Lord Hardwieke's Act in the year 17,52,
ecreemooy of marriage between Dissenter, was
iiiiil contract. He should be happy to accede to the
proposal of the Hon. Baronet (Sit T.D. Acland), if he
• t that by . portponing the consideration of The
subject to Tbareday he could ensure its success.
Sir C. WEtHERELL opposed the" Bill, because he
ornikideilid it'a ithlation of the ceremony enjoined by
the Church of England, ind.a reisehial of the religious
ceremonies of Cromwell and Petion: He oppoSed it
also on the ground that it would lead to the celebration
" r ktidestine liarriates, 'against which the H ;use, its
the legitimate, guardian of public morals, should set
its face.
Mr. HUDSON GURNEY defended the system of civil
dazes, and belle:l44 that as few evils occurred Eider them as under
F. "'
tw.
. F. p MOR supported the Bill. He thougln
s •
a unfair not to give to the whole clues of Dissenters the
vault ptividtr with respect to marriage which by law
was senor to all classes of persons who lime manien
in Scotland, andlehich was 'allowed to Jews and Qua.
ken in England. h 'was wellithown that in some Ca-
tholic countiek, the intervention of a Priest in the mar-
riage ceremony was not necessary. It was not need..
nary, even *llion Catholics isi some parts of Ireland,
where the dectees of the Council of Trent had not been
promulgated. At the same time he must admit that
the registration of marriage in a parish book was desire-
hie on many accounts. The Learned Member, *Air
adverting to the -several modes in which the Hon.
Member for Norwich hid introduced his measure at
different times, gave the present the prefetence, and he
could not see bow, after what the House had douse, Nit
it could reject the present.
hir. ESYCOURT supported the Bill, as there were
dons 'Blade from the former measure which he
ht would satisfy the fair conscientious scruples of
the lergymen of the Church of England.
Mt. R. GRANT defended the Bill, and contended
that the objeCtians made to the principle of the measure
Zit different times were wholly inconsistent. Homes,
much he respected the Dissenters, no man differed from
them more widely in paint of doctrine than he did; but
in their Me be would wish to legislate for their coosci.
animas scruples as Be found them. He thought that
die,' viers entitled to haie their marriages celebrated is
that manner which should not war against those sus-
ples. Jews and Quitteirs had been exempted from the
Marriage Act, and so itere-Romian Catholics and other
Dissenters in Ireland; and be had never found, upon
consulting some of the most eminent lawyers of that
country, that the validity Of the marriages of Catholics
and others by their own clergy in that country haiku'
productive Of tiny inconv'entence.
Ste T. APLAMD spoke beadily is iopPort of his amendment. ,
Mi. W. SMITH token tiispasßiou, ontwithstanding all he kid
that night hasid. to pompon.leiiss Measure.
Thu gedlery wis thin eisaied for a division, 1
plant. Oe sour natein to dee giliery, we foment
Mr. CANNING addressing the Howe. He observed,
that the various objections which bad been made by dii-
ferent parties to the structure of the Bill, proved that
with respect to its principle, most of the °hiring
parties perfectly agreed. In his opinion, the argi:bunts
of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman (Sir C. Wetherell)
were pushed too far. He confessed, when he beard it
asserted that no marriage was legal which was not so•
lemnized in a church, he felt some degree of alarm, be.
cause he recollected, that though he was not married in
a tavern, he certainly had been married in a room. in.
deed, the whole line of argument he had heat d made we
of was calculated to confirm him, if confirmation were
necessary, in the propriety of his determination se sup-
port the Hon. Gentleman's Bill—(Hear). If it were one
carried on this occasion, he should look at the measure
as being only hung tiptoe a short period; and he should
expect, at the end of another Session, to find a new set
of arguments urged against is, as untenable ars he cos-
mined those arguments were which had been adduced
this evening. It, however, this Bill paned, it would go
to another place, where he bad the happiness of know-
ing that, though it might be opposod on one side by
Iron learning, great talents, and undoubted piety, there
Would be found on the other side, talents, learning, and
' piety, of equal estimation, to defend it. He voted under
the protection of not the least respectable and peepon-
denting part of the Church of England; and teelisg
this to be the fict, he voted without any appeehestioa
of the result—(Hear 1)
The gallery was again cleared foe' a division; boy -awiat ow
absence, we understand the Bill was read the third time mama
proceeding to that form.
The other Orders of the Day were dont disposed of, sod dr
Borne adjourned at Twsonrs Harms arms- Twain. o'Class.
DINNER TO sift. BROUGHAM AT LIVERPOOL.
In consetplente or its --
awing been known that gr.
BMA:kill/0d bad been specially retained in a cause tube
tried by a Sheriff's Jury, between the Trustees of the
Liverpool Docks and an individual named Jackson, van
opportunity presented itself to a number lithe moat
respectable inhabitants of the town of Liver to seed
him as invitation to a* public dinner. This invitation
having been accepted, Monday last was appointed for
its celebration. The Mosic.ball, in Bold-street, was
fitted up for the occasion, so is to
accom-
modation to the number of persons who it it known
would be anxious to be present. FRASAMORDANI
Esq. in the Chair.
At five o'clock the company began to assemble; sod In conse-
quence of each dinner ticket securing to the purchaser a ticket to
give ample
admit a Lady, the number of Lutes who thronged into the to
was quite as great as that of tie Gentlemen. Before sit o ciottn.
the body of the Hall was completely flled with Genthmen, Id
the Gallery with Ladies. A military band was stationed in the
orchestra, and kept playing military airs to while away the imp&
dame of the assembly. A litde after six o'clock Mr. I:sow*:
entered the Han, aloe, with Dr. Roanearroi arid Mr. Aims
Mimeo& The whole body of guests stood up to receive him, add_
gave him three times three sheers. The greatest enthusiasm was
displayed by the Ladies in the gallery.
abortly ghee dinner commenced, the military band moved fro"
the orchestra Into the adjoining salami. Their place was supplied •
a very few minutes by more than a hundred Ladies of the first no
and respectability to the town, the wives sad daughters of tit
Stewards of the Dinner. As the- musk gallery is ditectly nee;
site to the orchestra, the revellers, whether they leaked to the ro
or bottom of the table, hid their eyes gratified by a splendid el
play of Lancashire beauty. The scene was very exciting, soi st
reared to give great sansfasnien to those who had planned it.
As soon as the cloth was removed, the Cnassisuai adthewed tit
Company, sad' said that Ile' felt* this to be the proudest day in lo
life. It was the Inc time that'be had ever filled the public AA
mike therefore trusted to their indulgence for any errors be adls
commk—for any delickocks of which be might be guilty-7(7,
The CIIAISX•111 then give as the first toast, " His I.l.jenl -__
King, Dal of kancaster, and ma jhe ever exere*his prelim'
for the of' his people. —(Four times lost} 11°e"
" God Save the Kipg," .
Lord High Ate.4llmirawsaii:;Earlll4isliilid.: 'l4—(lllthtirnewentitltCeßDthtte.o'r)Clu6:
The nut toast was," The People—On only souree of Ina

,but so &silos ad

a b);{;41111 thi county of rife against Monopoly In Cora.--Gr-
to be printed.
rpti hfi: HUME moved for a &tarn of the Yetaislishmant of Om
General post Wine in Upper and Lower Canada. and nor edam
Provpmes in North draerisa, with the number of Peatmanare eat.
piled. the names of those who remised a larger ealary than SOL
rztiod tis•=l.p.o!iserird•
. h
ad
Mr. ilgrrldWME—Titt Mid, be had no obieerdota to the
4%l7garfoc, **Wk s the athioet wen worthy of collthhwee
D promoted • Petition from fikeatiner
alozil,teztilag of the lava diettlad malt.
(Norfolk) eeniplained if the loin la armrlMlo t#/
mods of them to bearing hardly arm loam of Ida comdthentea •
HIRAM assured the Hilitrai,Na Meshy that ism

wag any ...Ur. *soli (mildewed. and gave l!ottottetill.e ifi otihrloove 1
I
doe Am day
was pot adkirdeas ordered to pilot
r er n moot. llioraroc.
:onceivadt.
iiiiplißßl ES mewed die er 4..dte At AT barigibi ill, dm
greeted j,„ ..111:111="4:e Co7otecillhmittaeon the 'Trade": Ind"'
11111411.
r'et LILL Olt ANT thee b top the -report. mad at the

" 'The VCe.-Piesident, la atietiiptlng to rf, made ao
g°,7relion of the toast, which excited considerable 'Nattier. H
.• The People—the only legitimate source of all power." •
We
CNAIIOI.OI, then requested bumpers of te company foe filli.
The
t,„,, be was about to propose. He would giv ehhe health of e Mud
he ardent friend of national education, who was the
e, e cep, r n i'n t
s t
o tyranny and slavery in every corner of the globe, the
stant alsocate of civil and religious liberty, and
„weirs' and c°n - h. I is--4 'a liberal
rtie ~,,i„ advocate—lace ems to own stens
esifeatened administration. tie proposed the health of their dis-
*so• bed visiter, " Mr. Brougham. "—The toast was received
wilt, loud and long continued cheering.
As soon as Mr. Baounstase rose to return thanks, the
company rose as one man, and gave him three times
see cheers. When they had subsided, there was a
tall for Kr: Brougham to mount the table, but he
good in his place. and addressed the elating to the
fnllowing effect r—He assnted them that he used no or-
dinary nor common-Place form of expression, when he
told them, as he now did, with the utmost sincerity,
that he felt completely overpowered by the very great
kindness which they had just evinced towards him.—
(Here his emotions caused the Learned Gentleman to
punt.) When he came to their meeting of that day, it
was impossible for him not to recollect that the present
was far from the first time of his appearing among
them. In truth it so chanced that hit public life was
begun in connexion with the town of Liverpool, and
that he had the high honour of recollecting that the
first time he erir appeared to support the interests and
maintain the righta,of any portion of his fellon-cOun-
trymen, was in connexion with the interests and the
rights of their greatincl populous, and consent:rail city.
(Cheers.) Ile afterviards had the singular fitieity of
being enabled to return in a small degree thefavour
which he, then in the outset of his public and profes-
sional life, received at their hands, when in the year
1812, leading on their forcer to the attack; he hid the
satisfaction of defeating: what they then teckqned, and
which experience bad since proved to be, to say the least
of it, for he Wished not to revive onpleisant recollec-
tioos of by-gone events, an unhappy specimen if Mis-
taken policy,—(ilear.) The consequence of , that con.
onion led to one of the most interesting events in his
public life—he nieant the oftener( on which et their
call he had cane forward as a candidate for the (finite-
.
guished honour of representing thins in the mm in
of Parliament; and it was one of the most sin.
gular fortunes which ever befel any man, that he should
now for the first time, except professionally that day
in Court, since the year 1812, when they had fought
the good fight together is many gallant fields that
he should now, after the lapse of fifteen years, so long
a portion of human etistence, meet them again in
that place that diY, bat under cirOnriatatides so vety
ingulAr—so, he would not say, opposite, in, a per-
sonal point of view, though they certainly were dif-
ferent, much less oeeosite in. respect to public prin.
Oples,—that he really did not knOw where he should
commence the deseraptiOn of them; Or, when* had
oncecommenced it, where he should stop. (Here con-
Utterable interruption was given to Mr. Bitioghern by
the noi.e made by some norktnen in opening the win-
dows to ventilate the room, which was excessively hot
from the numbers collected in it. The audience loudly
tainted on their desisting.; but they went on, regardless
*fall noise,s ave that of thea r own creation. Mr. Brougham
proceeded.) He was sure that nothing which he could
tell them would be half so easeful-as what those persons
up stairs were doing for theitn--(A laugh.) They were
then assembled under eiredmstances so diffikrent as to
persons, though not in the smallest degree, he would
venture to assert, different as to public principles, thaton
so fruitful a topic he was incapable of decidingswhae he
should begin, and—what was, perhaps, equally impor-
tant—where he should end. It was then, as most
of them would recollect,—:such of them as were
too young to recollect .would have heard' the fact
from their friends,—it was then his. lot to be a
competitor of their votes along with a very dis-
tinguished statesniart of the present day; and it
did so fortune, that from that time td the present; be
had never once been in their good town till now," and
that, as on the last Aii he was in it, he hid' betin occur
pled in speaking, not again i 4 that Right Hod. Gentle.
ots individually,, but against the' side dint' rititrned
him; so on the present day,'Wlien hi onie'shore raised
his voice among them, it was to avow openly and Men.
folly, and without the slightest diegisiVe,ihat the 'Right
lion. Gentlensan and himself were tihyrstetsk rioltiil
rally togither,:the and
lion: GinitiniA iif ate; he
Ott of it—(Lotad,etwering)—the Right /lots: GOilen‘an
in power and in place-tie snp.pOrling'hi'm in tat Oilier,
Id helping.him wig; his hum 'le but honest iiiito of el;
elefWee to presser c''tb'it slek a (1,4600 tbeeti tig); beCanin
he cooscientioinly Iselsevidutliat 01 could nit raliaiii a
greater service to hie CanOthA th'o 14; hutilbYt biti Clis-
ioterestedly. tendert% t°..M!il% ( ' r: Canning)' such his
opport.—. ausinease cheeriingi.-1; citotiOrby_nO means
have
.es,fam 1 , the antiee 51', such qf iMA is' hid'
paßttr,,l%**; Ntsiitio4 fa echo "eVeili dr tl* lilt
rout or five
. yert+ope. 4,i0,14 11?..itelio'fitidif&
hick, Wit itl.pßttered itqs oF, hpp #iii'Medt—: sili all ?8
Was by no means a %Widener #444l,ecilittitilriti el 1618•1
With respect tk Art CiAniympeTsciaally; Viii ' d'onff,
ta. remind thOsewpo:vrete watnessye 9( the' e ection in!
1812, that than, was oat a' single tostinee, elthr:on thf.
pert of the Rightllbnottrable Gentleman as, himself, of
the
is g
smallest.persolfailibitilityL-Clitar).—That heftier.'
inily called up.:n eibietislir 'pelcilliketallie even
of that period to &aye U.
c . ~. it
aiiitioihm. , .:
the most minute investigtodt ince, the deals of .
election, to say whet-ger atirthiottevehersh,ieit untie%
or less'uncourteous,, ad Car is,ifidfiiffistalfeietWeriiite
ever WAS in the shape or tracTer tlie taWejor 0 dq6.44.11
ri ection—(eheets).—He spoke Dot now of any animosity"
on account of thelr plitteigletVbeeadse it wesquiteevident
that if at a time "wrintliey`ifere rinsairdifttftent in party,
and most direckly'pitteif aping each other, no such
animosity` efeianl4, it was still le4 likely to /fan
prevailed mace, vineti' for ii4clilis;',4ii.. mutuani'
approximating to each other. What lie no* wished to
oil i
to their attention, because it was far more importa
en
or their' consideration was th'e Rivet but radua
change Which for some years pasilan been tibia's plate,H
ti tie, but still not the less certainly and eirectuallT,
in whet he would term the casting and moulding of the
Peat political parties in Parliament. On ill's subject
be would, with their permission, take the opportunity 01l
'ating a few words. They' had
all of them known in;
"Incei of coalition some of them so equivocal in their
cdlfettotrastlototn.ces, as to have occasioned no little popular
others of them so extraordinary in
their nature, allsdto.hare excited disapprobation anion
good and rthet
ultimate! Inking Ten, and as
.to have had the effec
tion'ruel, Offlatinguag the thing and name of coali
ow citireptit He wished to speik with all prope
it7lidetness and respect of those who had departed fro
eatusuttaege of. public life before them.
~4ny poli!
the
e which bad teeeived the t‘4nption of Mr
1"-Any political step which formed put of the 'public?
I

conduct bf that. illisstrious Statesman,--any poi...
arrangement which had been approved of by that great
and enlightened and immortal English patriot—(Great
cheering)—any thing even of which he could not see
the reason, or could only half see it, and that dimly.
and as it were in a glass darkly, and which from not
seeing to its foundations he might be disposed not to
condemn, brit to question,—all and every thing, if it
had received authority from him, by his giving it the
sanction of his glorious name, be whom he (Mr. B.)
venerated, emery thing but worshipped,—to whose
memory he tendeied all that risen Could tender to Ills
telloW creature—the veneration dile to the belt, the most
enlightened, and the most unshrhiting friend of the
people—(Cheers)—any measure, he repeated, approved
and authorized by such a mathwintld,where he could not
see the reasm_of it, obtain his silent but respectful ac-
quiescence. Nevertheless, the difteuffy which he con-
feised himself to etperienie on that subject, was ex-
perienced by the country also in 1784, when it saw Mr.
Fox and his friends, on the very morrow after the day
on which they had been engaged in a long and bitter
party and personal contest with Lord North and his
friends, suddenly desist from their operations of attack,
adopt a different course, and coalesce with the very
liaise Minister on whose head they had not. indeed,
heaped coals of fire as the common phrase runs, but on
whose head they, had poured out all the vials of their
*wrath. until they had made the whole country as one
on detest and abhor him —(Flearl. When, under such
ntrAtantes, the country suddenly, and without
witnessing any addition to, or subtraction Pram, the
Members of either side, except that the Duke of Portland
was made Prime Minister, and had a seat given him
in the Cabinet over the heads of North and Fox—when
the country, he said, saw a coalition suddenly struck
up between the Parliamentary gladiators of each party
without any adequate cause alleged for it, it was a
coalition, of which, as it could not understand the mo-
tives which had given rise to it, it thoroughly and
heartily disapproved. He confessed for his own part,
that if he had then had a seat in Parliament. though he
should have given his vote with Mr. Fox, he should have
given it more as a tribute to that great man's authority,
than as the result of his own private and unbiassed
judgment—(Cheers). But what possible comparison
could there be instituted between the circumstances
which gave rise to the coalition of 1784 and those which
gave rise to the coalition of 1827 ?—(Hear). There
was in the latter case no personal animosity between
the parties to it, splitting the country and Parlia-
ment itself for years: on the contrary, there was as
interchange of courtesies rather than of hostilities
prevailing. Every one great public question, save,
one_perhaps the greatest of them all, but still not the
only questiol—eveiy one public measure of importance,
whether involving our foreign, or colonial, or domestic
policy, the state of our relations with other countries, or
with our own people, and the policy we should pursue
as to peace and war—all the great commercial ques-
tions relative to our intercourse with the new States of
Anserica, the great questions of reform at home, into
all our institutions, save that of Parliament—each and

all of these various important questions, instead of se-
parating, only brought the two parties nearer together;
and they had not even thought of coalescing, they had
not even thought of taking one step towards a junction,
they had not even meditated on the ordinary and neces-
sary means to promote an union, till each of them, in
their own respective spheres, and in bothC h a mbers of Par-
liament, had been acting for some time hand and heart
together, to defeat, to discomfit, and utterly to destroy
the coasmun enemy of national independence —(Loud
cheers): Be believed, that before the events happened
which to the elevation of Mr. Canning to the high
place in the Government at home, which he had now
filled for some ydars, it must have been known to them
all. that so uncomfortable did be feel himself among his

late colleagnes,—so little could he unite with those who
were, considered the leading Members among them,—tio
entirely did he differ fro asLord foi verpool on that greatest
of all great home questions, the question of religious
liberty—(Lmad cheers),—so utterly. did he differ, from
the other Noble Lord who was the leader of the Mi.
. -
natty in the }rouse of Parliament to which be (Mr.
Canning) belonged, on that most important of all
questions, in which, either as Englishmen or as men.
we all engage our feelings and our principles, he
meant the gauss of civil liberty all over the world—
(Cheers)—so utterly was be at variance with one
Noble Lord on all great questions of domestic policy,
and with the other Noble Lord, his own immediate
superior in the House of Commons, on all great goes-
tiont of foreign policy, that he thought —for he , knew
it not, and in making his thoughts known, he betrayed
no secrets; he violated no confidence—he thought it
required no great ingenuity, no egregious winard to
discover,, that Mr. Canning's design of going to India,
for the government of which he was destined at the
time of Lotd Londonderry's death, and where„he in-
tended to have passed, if not the residue of his life, the
better past of those years which still remained to him
in the, ordinary course of nature, was mainly, if not,
entirely, owing to that radical, deeply-rooted, and
irrecencileable,differeoce,of principle which existed, and
maslikely to continue to exist.‘ between him apd them.
(Loud.andlongtheerinik) But ble..Ceiniqg differed.
namoch.frourthose two Noble Lord/, int- the home. Per
licy of the country, as fa; as resat As ye* landilp
Applups a► lie4o4lloiCatbolic ettion,and on the;
cr
Holy,Allinfe.÷l9sl cheers.) Ile ifferq,, afso,Sficiely,
from them tih the, subject Of 4i/sir:taint' int' in its
internal administratithi—.lre dreier from them mil
glactrnst.im .
,ant,subject, the improvement of ita civil?
nacort
at 4 erns)* kir iiiiidence ; tpr white they wpaid'sdffert
no afiiiiitie. rase? 'Nannies. Itifing; 'to stir from the'pride 'Of pla"Ce- in' which the ignor ante Of centuries had.
eoshiinedli,-Zwisile tli,ei would not hear a word of our
liiiii a •Whitlifileilhan our Mickitors in the savage days'
of thl rudoii" and' Plintaginnts,—while they would:
%be*. nothing or impyoveUint, Salve iiipiovernent in
the revenue, which meant iMProveMent in their sakiries,
and impoverishment to the people, by the increase o 4
taxation—(Loyd clieeiej7while they would know nq.
thing of improvement, save improvement of their powea
to crush the pebple, aid to iiiiignish the *pieta
voices—(Cheering continued), he (Mr. Canning) viaet4
advocate. not wigs them but, against them, of %bpi
improvements which were wrested from their.grasp for
the country
,e 94 .pr nsaiikin4—cCheer4i and, he as
his then colleagues? who gave a rielictant thiangh,
consent to the; general : tneasgrev.,pt , 4doppilstF4ttri
giving up their opposition on minotpeints, bu pressing
it upon others of greater importance—be and ;bey Ail,
maintained their former adherence to the principles of im.
pro v e men t, and otiupied'a leading place is his Majesty's
Cbiincils. Herelet him ask thelteeting to reflecthovr
iher niiinbers.of of late' Adinfaittaiintr, 'emsfidered. as
An entirety (if an entirety it ever was) stonrialirirtaid

to;
otienfothex? ft was notor.ons to all theworia that
they differed,widely among themselves—tbacthei op-
posed individually measures that ought to have had the
undivided support of the Cabinet's—that they repeatedly
stared to vote and speak against each other; that they did
this will; various success—and that Mr. Canning and his
iends were sometimes defeated, and someiknes carried
important victories for the amelioration of their country
and mankind--(Cheers).—Now let the Meeting redect
how far Mr. Canning and his friends differed from the
Whigs collectively, or from,him (Mr. Brougham) as an
individual member of that body, opposing the Admi.
' nistration as he did generally, and yet yielding to some
of thek measures a partial, and when he' could, not a
reluctant assent. Did they differ at all? No such thing.
On the contray, on all those mighty occasions, for the
cause of the country, for the cause of liberty, and for
the general cause of mankind, the,/ and he 'tam seen
fighting side by side—(Cheers.) And was shwa awy
thing so very extraordinary in a little time having.been
taken, after an hidividuat had acceded to the Govern-
ment under the peculiar circumstances under whith Vs.
Canning acceded en it—was there any thing, so very
extraordinary that Mr., Canning did not begin all at
once ?—it would have been better if he had begun all at
once, as he had, taken the liberty of telling him
.at ,the
time in his place in Parliament, box so tong as meAmtege
men, there would be feelings in their bosoms as to persons
with whom they had been tong and intimately associated;,
nor were those feelings to be reprobated as unamiable
in their foundation, provided that .they were nQt carried
ton far by indulgence,—was there, be would again ask,
any thing so very extraordinary in his not breaking
squares all at once upon every great national question
with those very men whom accident alone, had, made
his colleagues ? Accordingly, it was not in the first year
after the Marquis of Londonderry's death, though even
in th it time sufficient evidence transpired of an inten-
tion to effect a change in the foreign policy of the
country, but in the second or third year after it, that
the nation felt itself re-invigorated by the knowledge
iliac it was under the guidance of new men reinforced
by the old—" we being the old men," said Mr.
Brougham, " and Mr. Canning and his friends thr
new ;"--and that they were letting it free from the de-
grading, the disgraceful, and, he would add, the disgust-
ing captivity to the despots of the Continent, in which,
udder a former dynasty—for he must use that word—it
had been chained fast to the car of the Holy Alliance,

(Immense cheering). Was there, he would ask, any one
question more interesting to the country since the ter-
mination of the war than this? Perhaps it was one as
important as could be imagined to mankind in general,
and it was gifted with a peculiarly touching interest to
this country—he meant the great'question of the recog-
nition of the colonial independence of the late Spanish,
Settlements in America—(Hear). if he were to go over
the history of that question, he thought that he could
prove beyond all dispute, that had the former men and
the former principles been suffered to predominate to
the present time, they would have had this country, if
sot in alliance with Spain to restore her colonies by force
of our fleets and armies to her yoke, than which nothing
Vould be more unjust andoppressive—if not engaged in
war on the side of Spain and its legitimate Monarch.
at least the reluctant witness of an independence
`she would not acknowledge; and if at the eleventh
lboar the cries of the country had compelled it rulers
reluctantly to acknowledge the independence of those
colonies from Spain, it would have been at so late a
period in her history as to have been of .no service to
her interests—(Hear, hear). Our children's children
might have reaped the fruits of it, but it would not have
been till all the other nations of the world had first re-
cognised the independence of Spanish America, and had
entered into treaties of alliance with its different States,
whereby British interests would have been compromised,
if not absolutely destroyed—(Cheers). Instead of this,
England, under new auspices, and a be:ter and a more
enlightened system, had obtained the proud and im-
mortal:glory of being the first to acknowledge their
freedom and independence—(Great cheering). He
could not help adverting on this occasion to another
important public question, which, though it was of a
very delicate nature, and one on which he should not
say a word to an unenlightened multitude, be felt that
he m;ght safely notice there. There was Abe same
difference of policy observable in V e conduct of the
former men and of the present, with respect to the laws
affecting corn—laws which affect not only the trade of
the country, but also the interest and the subsistence,
and the sacred rights of every individual among the
poorer classes in it—laws, which involve in their eery
first principle the great and important question, whether
the poor man shall have bread for his sustenance at a
reasonably cheap price, and whether he shall be allowed,
to lice on the bounty of P4OVIDENCt, without paying
more for it in the sweat of his brow than either his.
strength vrou'd endure, or his patience permit him to
pay ?—(cirestt cheering.) He could pot help feeling that
those statesmen who wished to act liberally by England
and by Europe, and who had freely acknowledged the
independence of Spanish America, rejoicing and parti-
cipating in the felicity which they dispensed around
them—he could not help feeling that those very states-
men mosvhave, been, the men who had introduced the
present measure to amend the Corn Laws. He shrewdly
suspected that *rise Of their former colleagees, who,
now that they were out of office, would not lend their
support to the Bill which, they had .pledged themsejses,i
whim in office to cam, through Parliament, were not'
the authors of it—(Hear, hear.) He Msought that the,
members of the late Administration now in office were,
alone the parents di' ;'for if their late colleagues shared,
'the pOtentaib of it, they' could not be considered all
thing that kind lion to• it which parents generally
sheaved to their own offspria,g,—(4. laugh).. He was
now speaking on the anniversary of a day when it,
became him to tape's the utmost gratitude which he
felt to the illustrious'Warrior, who, twelve years ago.,
had led the military relations of the poorer classes to the
most glorious victory recorded in our annals.--(Grest
cheering.) He wished to express the sincere gratitude]
which he felt towards that distinguishedcaptain for all the
manifold Iryices which he had rendered to,his country,
and for which, though it had paid him largely, it could
never pay hini too well—(Hear, hear). Still he could not
help, feeling as he did for the NE:risk Dukes fame and
character, which he now.lpoked upon as public property.
be could not help, he. said, expre.sing a wish, but with
of,kjodnrssi'and respect, that his Grace had
?found some other antagonist than the one he had been
contending' with, for he teemed to have determined, au
!the recent discussions on. the Coro Bill, that none bull
himself should he his conquespr,-(,Laughter and cheers)
,Gallant.Captaiosoloril efieaterbAg.E; Secretaries
" Virtu' Scitiiadra sa*Otla Lar—(A laggli)••••
ail we're:vombrne(to oveiilikow it. The gallantry of
tliaigteat CaPtaiti'sfionfcdn'sOiceous in ticketing that

which nothing but Mins& coMdlitell defeated, namely,
his own project, and the mildness .f the ECS.,cre:ary
'n complacently acquiescing in the rejection of this vel y
measure which he ha/ himself proposed in "Parlia-
ment—(Hear, hear, hear.) He could have wished
that they had in their profound wisdom disco-
vered a more useful exercise of their many and rare
endowments than that which they had recently displayed
before their astonished countrymen. At all events, those
of their former colleagues who continues' in the Go-
vernment, whether they gave up the Boil for the present
in despair, or whether they pursued the wiser and the
more philosophical part, to take what they could get,
even to the frustration of their own darling object, keep-
ing it as they could, so as not to lsse that little mite
which the Lords of the S!cession, in their infinite bounty,
were willing to grant to their poorer countrymen—.
whichever course they took, he thought the Meeting
must admit, that those statesmen were the best and
steadiest friends of their country who first advocated,
and then strenuously persisted in supporting, •in spite
of all opposition, a sounder system for the regulation
of the trade in corn---(Cheers).--Now, would the

Meeting permit him. after the long state neat which
'he had already made 'to them, to ask whether, if
upon all questions of foreign, domestic, and colo-
nial policy, and upon the grand question of improv-
ing the civil and criminal jurisprudence-of England,—
to say nothing of an infinite variety •of minor pointy,
on which, after the multitude of figures which he
had already ventured to introduce upon the can-
vass, he was unwilling to say a word,—woulki the
Meeting permit him to ask any man of common
candour, whether the mambo, upon all the great goer
tions to which he had been just :Wading, had been vot-
ing together for the last four or five years:a..who had
been night after night fighting on the saint side, end
against the same political enemies, the old Mini-stets--
who had known no firmer allies than the present new
Ministers, and known no ether enemies•than the old
Ministers—who had given to, and received from, she
new Ministers efficient assistance and support--would
the Meeting allots, him,he said, to ask.whether any thing
could be more natural than that there should at length
be made, between those two parties, that coalition which
had astonished none but the most inattentive observers
of the events of the last three or four years P—(Ch- ers).
He called on the Meeting to observe the situation into
which his Majesty and-Mr. Canning, with the few cola
leagues who adhered to him, were recently thrown. A
secession took place; all the Lords of the secession, being
six or seven in number, simultaneously, by tome acct.
dent or other, threw up their offices in disgust. What
was the reason of their conduct it became him not, neither
was it necessary for his argument, to inquire. They had
left office—the Ministry was thus half vacant—it was,
in point of fact, broken up, and it became necessary to
re-model and re-construct it: The question then was—
how should it be re-modelled and reconstructed ? Now,
he was not one of those who ventured to abuse those
Noblemen who had quitted their places. He was glad
that they had done so, and would not question the eight
of shy man to act in a similar manner, if he so thought
fit. He had had the great and singular satisfaction of
heating in the two Houses of Parliament to which the
illustrious individuals respectively belonged, the expla-
nation of their motives for resigning office, which had
been given by the two most distinguished members ef the
late Administration—he alluded to the late Right Hon.
Secretary for the Home Department and to the Most
Noble the late Master-General of the Ordnance and
the Commander-in-Chief of his Majesty's forces. Ht
never in his life,—and he spoke it not merely as a polia
titian but as a critic—as a person who had now had
some slight experience in public speaking—who had
heard most of the great masers of eloquence to modern
tittles, and read and studied the great masters of it ip
former times, and who had attended not a brie to what
constituted eFcellence in orators and oratory—he never
iii his life heard a more plain, manly, frank, and sol-
dierly explanation of public conduct than he had had
the satisfaction of hearing from the Duke of Wel-
lington—(Great cheers). He completely dispersed all
the cloud which had hung over his resignation—he took
away at once and for ever the film which appeared to dim
the splendour of his public character—he satisfied every
impartial and unprejudiced man that he had a right to
act as he did, and that he was above employing any
mean. paltry. And unjustifiable excuse to defend him-
self-s4Cheers.) He.did not agree with his Grace in the
view which he took of our foreign policy, neither did
he agree pith him upon the question on which he weng
out-,-..he meant the Catholic Question. He teroiced that
he bad gone out,. because be believed thit it would be
for the good of the country ; but as to theanotives which
he had stated for resigning his posts, and the colour
which .he had given to the transaction, he (Mr
Brougham) had never heard anything more satisf at-
tory—(Cheers.) He would make the same decimation
with respect to the explanation that was given in the
House of Commons by the late Secretary for ti e Home
Department, with whom, he did not differ in op Mon on
one question in fifty; a Gentleman who had already con.
ferred great benefit on his country; who, if he were in
error on one particular point, had kept a steady, and con.
sistent, and conscientious course in adhering to it. and
who had never Aincbea from the duty of his si nation,
difficult alit was for him co pet form it, being as he was
the champion of the High Church Tory party, and the
chosen representative of the University of Oafotd.—
(Great cheering.) He thought that that Right. Hon.
Gentleman had already rendered great and important
services to. his country; on the jurisprudence of the
country, he was an improver,—he had almost said a
reformer.—(Hear, hear.) if he bad been longer in
office, he believed that he would •have become even
more so. He hoped that he (Mi. Peel) would live long
enough to come back to office, improved by being out
of office ; for, as some precious liquors gained in value
by being exposed to the sun of an Indian voyage, so
other liquors, of equal price, of which there was.sifte
slight knowledge entertained in Liverpool, were sat
gain in flavour by the bleak exposure of an Arctic
regiono-(A laugh).—He trusted that the Right Hon.
Gentleman would not have visited the Polar regions of
Opposition in vain, and that be would come back to
office the determined improver of our domestic system
of jurisprudence. His explanation was as satisfactory
is that of the other Noble Personage whoiti he had al-
luded to, and he had pleasure in making that public
avowal of his opinion—(Cheers).—With respect to the
• ,her Noble Personages of the Secession, they had not
condescended to make any explanation at all; lie was,
• wever, ready to pardon them the rash act they had
toed, in consequence of Ale results which had ems-
Led from it. Übe might he considered as a jui r sit-
)itsg on their inquest,.and as speaking with such charity
4jstinguislmf jhrors on such occasions
air
would ,say that there was no felonious intetition on their

I.

I 11
iliii
li
d .
i' 61' il
I c:;
•
• 1
11. 1
cliii 1
1 1
Ii i
.41 t ,
i
. I
1
{
,
illl
I
• '•
. 1
1.1 i
• ?:', ill
1111 HI
t.
1-
1.
iIIII
~
:.
If
1
r
• 1
I,
i
. i
~
I ,
, i 1I
i,

1.1
I

part, but only a temporary alienation of that excellent
juJgment of what was their own personal inte-
rest. which, during all thelormet period of their live-,
had regulated and inspired their public conduct—
(Laughter and cheers). He most say of one of the
Members of that secession, he meant that individual
who was a great light to the profession to which he
(Mr. Brougham) belonged, the late Lord Chancellor,—
that he believed that his Lot dship,did not intend to hold
the office long. He believed that his Lordship intended
to resign at the period which he had stated—(A laugh);
and he (Mr. Brougham) should be an ungrateful
man to say one word against him now that he was
out of power, since no one had better means of
knowing and feeling the kind disposition of the Lord.
Chancellor to him personally and professionally—
(Laughter). He could assure them of the truth of what
lie was just saying—(Laughter continued). He assured
thew that he spoke seriously, and was serious in the. as-
sertion which he had just made—(A laugh, and cries of
hear.") He saw that a great error prevailed among
the company, and he was most anxious to correct it.—
lie was saying seriously, that as a professional man,
he did not own any thing but obligation to the late
Lord Chancellor, and that those who said to the
contrary knew nothing whatever of the fact. The
best proof that he could give the meeting that he was
serious in what he now said, was his solemn declaration,
that it would be most unjust to the late Lord Chan-
cellor to let the error which prevailed among them go
forth to the world uncontradicted—(Hear). He had
had an opportunity before the recent Ministerial changes
took place, of havihg a silk gown, and he had de-
clined, from personal considerations, accepting it.—lt
had beefs said by people who knew nothing of the pro-
Cession, that he was to get .5,0001. a year by his late
elevation to a silk gown. That was not the fact, nor any
thing in the slightest degree like it—it would rather be
a loss to isim, from making several of his juniors
at once his competitors. On the late Ministerial
changes, he had again had a silk gown offered to him,
and had again declined it, because be felt thatby accept-
ing it immediately after the resignation of thelateLord
Chancellor, he should be giving currency to the report
that his Lordship had stood in the way of his proles-
at
onal promotion. Tice answer which he had then re-
ceived from the present Lord Chancellor was, that the
case was quite different from what it was formerly—
that Mr. Scarlett, from being appointed Attorney-Ge-
neral, could no longer go the Nosthern Cii cuit—that the
Northern Circuit could no longer be left without King's
Counsel; and his Lordship concluded by asking him whe-
ther he would allow six of his juniors to be placed above
his head at one step, when he had the power to prevent
'it ? Under such circumstances he had consented to ac-
cept a silk gown, though he should positively lose by the
change; for instead of succeeding to the notorious and
undisputed lead of the Northern Circuit. such as Mr.
Scarlett had it, he should succeed to it along with_ six
othei competitors. He repeated that it was no fault of
the late Lord Chancellor that he had not had a silk
gown. He had formerly refused it from circumstances
of a personal nawie, and he had now accepted it to
prevent his falling below his due rank in his profession,
owing to the great number of King's Counsel who had
been recently made out of men, of some of whom the
PrOtession were absolutely asking who they were-
-41-tear.) Having in the course of his political life
been a ;peat political antagonist of the Lord Chan-
cellor, he crald not allow the eriot which he saw pre-
vailed among them to pass any longer without contradic-
tion and refutation. He would now return to the sub-
ject on which he had been ~taking before he had ?en-
sured on his late digressio.i. lie could speak as a
etea• observer of all the proceedings of the late coalition.
Ile thought that nobody knew the history of that event better than
he did. He thought that not one of the illustrious per.ons who
were even parties to it knew it better than he did from its first
unfolding to its final consummation ; and it was but justice that he
was rendering to the distinguished parties on either side, if be,
speaking as a witness, and as every witness ought to speak, with the
entire absence of all bias from his mind, moving bias either to the
one side or the other,—it was a mere act of justice for him to say
that on the one band never did he see any one move in so straight-
forward a path to his main object, without swerving either to the
eight or to the left for any inferior consideration,—never did he see '
any man shew himself more frank, more candid, or more b.nest '
lei every stage of the negotiation, behaving towards his former
adversaries and Ms new allies with the greatest fairness, libe-
✓ality, and concession, and towards his old colleagues who
had deserted the King's councils, with the utmost propriety,
consistency, and honour. desiring to keep by them if he could,
and anxious not to disszver himself from them if he could
avoid such a separation without any sacrifice of his public
principles,—never did he see any man more solicitous to accom-
plish an amalgamation of all party feelings in the general benefit of
the State, than their late ltepresentative the present Chancellor of
the Exchequer—(Loud cheering); and that, on the other band,
speaking as a witness on b:half of the Right lion. Gentleman's new
allies, never did he see any set of DWG so unwilling to accede as
members to the Governwut, as they were—(Cheers). They only
who had been engaged as patties in the affair could be aware of the
difficulty which thwe was to get those Noble Lords and lion. Gen-
ii men to listento-any propositions which were made to them about
heir own accession to ollice—(itear, bear). At last a a provisional
amusement was made between thews and Mt. Canning, that
they would give their support to the Government, but would them-
selves continue out of place. The absurdity_ of this scheme, the
ridicule with which the adversaries of Ministers immediately over-
'whelmed it, the impossibility of Government going on regularly
when there were so recognised leaders of it, when the members
of it were nut all sailing in the same boat, when some were going
'forward while others were standing still, when there was no sym-
pathy of mutton between the leaders and the led—all these strange
;10+1101es soon put an end to the provisionalarrangement, of the
-success of which he had doubted from its very outset, and
which he had ridiculed from its very beginning, as must unwise,
being the vowel plan of supporting Government without taking
ifice. Still, one of the most distinguished leaders of the liberal
-party was left out of %Ace ; but he hoped that the List remains
'sof that provisional arrangement would soon be at an end--that it
would oily be mentioned in future to be regretted as ever having
existed at all, and for the purpose of demonstrating the extreme re-
luctance of those distinguished men, who were the new allies of the
overnment, totake once at all—( Hear). He thought that when the
letting looked to the dividea of power which had been established
between the parties, to the balance of (Ake and emolument which
-had been struck among their adherents, to the small number of the
ew allies of Government who filled high stations with much pa-
. usage attached to them, and to the very moderate proportion of
Mr. Canning's personal friends who had obtained any patronage
all, they would see that there never yet had been a junction be-
e-Steen two great parties, in which the individuals who belonged to
t hem took so little, and in which the individuals who belonged to
I.eiiher, and had little power or influence iu the State, were allowed
t.. take so much—(Chetill). He had entered into this explanation,
s. teichice bad purposely made minute, detailed,-tiresome, if they
v... 01,1 a. have it—(Loud cries of ' No, go on,")—because in ad-
i• ,rug the present meeting he almost looked upon himself as ren-
s. r.i.g JP account of his public conduct to his own conuituents.
r Lrmeose cheering). Accidents had severed them f.r years; but
i.e should never cease to remember their kindness to him upon fora
they occasions ; nor to L el tbat,when he came before then', it was his
41.041 t sactsd duty to account to them for his past condnet,just as much
a. it he was accounting to them for a trust which by delegation they
C.d conferred upon him—(lmmense chewing). It was no fault of
theirs that be 'bad not been their representative—it was his own
t oalt.--(Criet of " No, no,- great cheering, sod exclamations of
'• '1 ry again.') He knew that he might base had the high honour
being their representative in 1812, if on that Sunday morning he
Lid listened to what had been proposed to him—his friends had re.
ell the proposition of polling one and one, which would undoubt-
e'dy base made him the colleague of their late Right Honourable
Iteresentative in 1812; they had preferred trying to win the
two trite to the securing oae, and, in their attempt to grasp at

room than was praeticalle; hod failed, as t►e Whigs would hovel
failed in lb. present instance bid they acted on the Liverpool
principle of 1114, and dad striven to secure once for them.
selves to the escluskin of their present friends and allies—
(Hear, hear !) Had the Whigs born so absurd as to act upon that
principle, instead of having a Government consisting of men of
knowledge and liberal principles, going along with the light, and
intellect, and improvement of the age, they would, by grasping at
impossibilities, and by straining at what could not be obtained, have
let into olAce men of no light, of no intellect, of noimprovement, of

no liberality at all—(Grest cheering). In casting his eye back an
the scene through which we had passed in the few last months and
of which he bad been a nearer spectator than any of those who now
heard him, he felt that if he had acted on any otber.principles than
those which had directed his recent conduct, he should have seed-
Geed his duty to himself, to his country, and to mankind—
(Cheers). Yes, he should have sacrificed his character ass lover
of freedom if be had allowed one moment's space for the action
of any mean, paltry, personal feelings, and had refused his sane.
thin to the measure which had placed their late distinguished
Representative at the head of the Government, merely became
It was giving a great, signal, and illustrious triumph to an individual
who was considered as his personal rival—(Great cheering). He
did not look upon power as a thing to be envied by any wise
or good man. Power in itself, mere power, was any thing, he
feared, rather than a friend to virtue or a test of merit. It
was enjoyed by right of birth, by bloated despots ; it was pus
chased through blood and slaughter by ferocious usurpers and
pestilential conquerors; It was held by a tenure which rested so
those defects in human nature, which reduced man below his
ordinary level, and rendered him as much a slave to the will of
others as are the miserable inmates of an Eastern Seraglio. But the
power to be of use to mankind--the power to do good to a man's
country—the power to scatter blefisinp over the land of your birth
or of your adoption—the power to root up ignorance, to diffuse
knowledge, to advance the progress of mind, to break the
chains of the enslaved. man of every country, or colour, or
cast, or stet—the power to benefit your kind, and illustrate your
country, and ennoble your age, and mend your race—that
power is a possession which a man, nay, which an angel, may
stoop front his height to take up and enjoy--(lmmense cheering).
He devoutly believed—yes, from the bottom of his heart he was
convinced—that is lending his humble and disinterested aid to
establish pewee in the hands of the Minister who now wielded it,
he had enabled many persons to hold it for those sacred purposes ;
and he eared not whether he held it In his own hands, or whether
he joined in strengthening the possession of it fir those of others,
who would devote it to such noble and legitimate ends—
(lnunense cheering). They might be assured that be, who so
felt and acted, would enjoy while his life was spared to him
to do good to his fellow creatures to the best of his power,
a deep and herrtfek satisfaction, which would be ill exchanged
for any transient honour that he might derive either from
judicial appointments, or from foreign missions, or from the com-
mand of all the resources of this mighty empire. He would, indeed,
dearly purchase those glittering objects of human ambitioo, if he
gave up for them that deep and heartfelt satisfaction which made a
man fed that he was doing good iu his generation, by cultivating his
mind, and by living a life of integrity, whilst he was spared to his
friends, pore from all factious bias on the one hand and from all in-
terested motives on the other. enabling him to bequeath a name,
when he was called hence, to the gratitude of countless ages as ooe
of the noblest, though it might be also one of the humblest bene-
factors of mankind—(Great cheering).
At the conclusion of Mr. BROUGHAM'S speech, most of the Ladles
who had seated themselves in the orchestra rose end retired.
Mr. Baansuaut then proposed the health of the Chairman in a
nest speech. •
The CHAIRMAN. in returning thanks, congratulated the Meeting
on the increase of liberal principles in the town of Liverpool.
Several other toasts were then drank, among which was the
' health of that venerable sod enlightened patriot Mr. Roscoe ; but
the guests had not begun to retire, nor was the boldness of the day
half concluded when the reporter stetted for London.

THE EVENING STAR.

LON DON.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, IBfl.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

The Consol market still keeps improving. Consols, which left
off yesterday at 85* tellers, opened at 861 buyers ; and soon after
went up to 861 for the Account: since which they remain at 86i,
with a firm market.

In the Foreign market, Colombian Bonds have fallen 11 per
Cent. I. consequence of the information by the JlOlllOl Mail
arrived this morning. A re-action has taken place in C.oltunbian
Bonds, and flier have been done at. 27, and are now 29.
Current prices Old Spanish 111 12, Mexican 703 e. Colom-
bian 271 26, Portuguese 751 76, Brazilian 59 a.
CITY. TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols have just been done at 863 a, being a fluctuation of 1
per Cent. Ibis morning.

•
PRICE OF STOCKS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Rink Stock India Stock Shut

3 per Cent. Red. 83Z
3 per Cent. Coos. Shut.
3e per Cent. 92
31 per Cent. lied. 911 921
4 per Cent. New Shut.
4 per Cent. Scrip
4 per Cent. 1826, 1011
Long Ann. 19 11-16 13.16
FOREIriN FUN
Brazilian 1343.5 p Ct. 591 1
Colonihmn 'kind., 6 p Ct.
Ditto 8i1a.1824, 1164 7 81 S9l
Llo. Acct. 28 7 81 1 29
Ihni dr lids. 3 p Ct. 621
BRITISH AND FOREIGN
SHAME. rain.
100 Ell 10
40 50 loi 11
25 23 31
100 5 44

Ditto Bonds 85 85
South Sea Stock
Old Annuities 851
£lOOO Excheq. Bills 50 51
£5OO Ditto 50 51
£lOO and £2OO Ditto 50 51
Advertised
Consols for Acct. 861 1 861
I, TWO O'CLOCK.
Danish Acct. 631
Idea. tioni-,5 per Ct.
Do.Bds. .825,6 p Ct. 70 691 701
Do. Acct. 70169; 701 69}70
Russ. Ws, 1842,5 p 991
SNARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

Colombian
United Mexican
Welch Iron & Coal
Marine Alliance

The temporary Coin Bill, founded upon the Resolu-
tion passed on Monday. by the House of Commons, after some
conversation, was last night read a first time, and ordered to be
read a second time this day.

bi,,nday the Duke of Kent Lisbon Packet arrived at
Falmouth : she brings dispatches to Government, dated
the 10th inst. from Sir W. H. CLINTON, Commander in
Chief of the British Army is Portugal.
The following is an extract of a private letter, re-
ceived by the packet, which has brought the above
dispatches :

LISBON. Jaws 10.

" All is quiet, with the exception of some banditti
committing depredations in the Northern Provinces.
The Spanish army, under SARSTIZILD, has not yet
quitted the frontier. It assembled on the 80th May for
I a grand parade, to celebrate Saint Ferdinand's day;
but, by all accounts, it requires no little difficulty to ke:p
it to its loyalty. Reports, however, speak of the speedy
withdrawal of the whole of that force into the interior
of Spain, where they are much wanted.

" The whole of the Portuguese Ministers are changed,
with the exception of NORANHA. Minister of Marine, and
Don JOAO CARLOS DR SALDANHA, Minister of War.
The Marquis PALDIRLLA takes the Portefeuille, and
with him at the head of affairs, things may go on more
favourably to the Constitution. SALDANHA, the Minister
at War, is considered as a well•intentioned man; with
more energy than judgment, and requires sometimes to
be reined in, but he is much attached to the Consti-
tution. It is a prevalent opinion, however, that if our
troops were now to be withdrawn, the ships would
scarcely bra out of the harbour, before the Constitution

would be wh fly upset, as the whole of the Priesthood
and the Fidelgos cannot heat it—the fear of the former
Wog, that it will enlighten the people and free them
from their present superstitious fetters; and of the latter
that they can no longer squander the public money and
oppress the people with impunity."
We have Gazettes and other Papers by this convey-
ance, from the 29th of May to the 9th instant, but they
are almost wholly filled with extracts from English,
French, and other foreign Journals. The Gazelle of
the Ist instant states that dispatches had been received
from the Portuguese Charge d'Affaires at Madrid, an-
nouncing that orders had been sent to General SAWA.
FIILD, Commander-in-Chief of the Spanish Army of
Observation, to make that army fall back to its former
*positions. This is an important concession on the part
of the Spanish Government, and probably a prelude to
others of a character still more conciliatory and pacific-
It is a presage, we hope, that the negociations now
pending between Spain and Portugal will be brought
before long to a successful termination.
_ _ _

With respect to principle, the change in the Mi-
nistry appears to be as complete as possible, the new
Cabinet being decidedly favourable to the constitutional
system. This important event took place on the Sth
inst. and in more than one point, bears an affinity to the
late revolution its our own Cabinet. SALDANHA, who
was the most popular member of the late Ministry, and
who differed from the majority of his late colleagues
upon nearly every great question of national policy,
offered his resignation to the Ric au; whic'e,she refused
to accept. The msjority of his colleagues afterwards
sent in their resignations; but, whether they mere se-
riot's or not, they were taken at their word ; and a com-
mission was given to SALDANHA to re-construct
the Cabinet.

We also received this morning theAlgenteine &awl
to the 13th inst. which, we are very soiry to say, con-
tains, in a letter from Constantinople of the 26th May,
additional confirmation of the disastrous affairs before
Athens. According to this letter, all the Turkish re-
ports speak of at complete victory; " but," says the'
writer, " as the trophies received here and exposed be-
fore the Seraglio, consist, according to the statement of
the Turks V emselves, only of 1000 eats, the heads of
7 Gaeek Captains, 8 cannon, and 1 standard, we still
suppose that the Turkish accounts are exaggerated."
We hope so too; but still the loss, if it only amount to
about 1,500 men, as the present statement supposes, it
is an injury which the Greeks, we fear, cannot repair
in the course of the present year. Besides, it is the
flower of their troops, and the most chosen of their
leaders, who have fallen before Athens; but it is the
moral impression, likely to be occasioned by their de.
feat, which chiefly fills us with apprehension. After the
fall of the Acropolis, which, we fear, is no longer
problematical, the Greeks will not have a single strong
place in all Greece, with the exception of such as they
hold in the Morea ; and as the victoiloes Stratkier
will probably soon form a junction with 11111Aillbl
PACIIA, they are in imminent danger of losing that
province in like manner, particularly as the Viceroy of
Saver is coming, at the head of a new army and fleet,
to act against them.

We have in like manlier received Frankfort Papers to
the 15th inst. but they contain nothing of particular
interest, and no further news from Greece.

Jamaica Papers of the 7th of May have been re-
ceived this morning at the North and South American
Coffee-house. We give the following estracts, though
the substance of them has already appeared in the STAR:

By the arrival of his blajcsty's ship Pylades, Captain Jackson,
information has been received of a revolution having taken place
in Lima, on the 29th of January last, on which day General Santa
Cruz, who had been left in command by Bolivar, proclaimed a
new Constitution, burnt that of Bolivar's, and placed Generals
Lana, &des, and three others under arrest, and sent them off to
Choco. Colonel Bermudez was then proclaimed commander of
the troops, who all swore fidelity to the new Constitution. &-
presses were immediately sent off to General Sscre, In Upper Peru;
and to GuayaquU,to announce the change that bad taken place.
a At the latter city, the intelligence was received with acclama-
tion, and an illumination for two nights succeeded. Upper Pens
would no doubt follow, and it was thought that Panama would
also desert Boli►ar, who, it was feared, was secretly actuated with
the ambition of being declared Emperor or King. %alma was
very dull in the Smith Sass, and most of the foreign ostablidinwsts
were about leaving Guayaquil and Panama."

The Janeiro Omen* of May 7, say•—" Aurora hires,
Captain Austin, was at Lipka when the Britossart kft ; she was
to sail shortly after for Carthagena, ha•ing onboard Mr. Coelho's,
the British Minister to Colombia, and General Bolivar, who bad
resigned the Presidency of the Republic."

Bogota Papers have also been received to the 20th
April. but they contain no news that we have not
already given from other channels.

A letter has been received this morning by the Jamaica
Mall, signed Raysucta, and addressed to Mews. Powum, sad will
prove acceptable to the holders of Colombian Bonds. After stating
that General BOUVAR, in consequence of his resignation of the. Pre.
d dency, could not interfere as desired, to procure the application,
to the payment of the foreign debt, the funds mortgaged for that
purpose, yet that his interference was unnecessary, as the law, passed
In May last year, fully provided for that object.

A report of the proceedings at the dinner given at
Liverpool to Mr. BROUGHAM, 11111 Monday last, will be
found in the preceding part of our Paper. They are
highly interesting.

We understand Chit the office of President of the
Royal Society has been offered to Mr. Pau, in the
event of the resignation of Sir Huurnarr Davy.
Mr. Secretary BOURNS, Viscount PALMERSTON, and
the Bishop of Sr. Davin's, visited Mr. Criss yesterday.
The Earl of HAnROWBY transacted business yester-
day withybcoont Gonsucn, at the Colonial Mee.
Prince LIZVEN entertained a distinguished Party to
dinner yesterday, at Ashburnkam House, Dover-street.
Prince ESTiIIIAZY, the Austrian Ambassador, trans-
, acted business yesterday with Viscount DIMWIT and Wall% L the
Foreign ooe.

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
That sweet melodist, Miss PetvoN, took het benefit st
this Theatre last night, and presented to her fiends
rich vocal treat i we were happy to find, as we expected,
a crowded and very elegant audience asembled in
compliment to her talents—talents which have been so
long find justly extolled by the public, that any ela.
borate criticism on them would now be unnecessary—,
We shall only, therefore, observe that she was received
with deafening plaudits whichter exertions throughout
the evening fully justified. The performance coniisted
of the Slave, supported by the fair songstress, by iros
STIPHR/11, BLAHAM, Hoax, COOPIN, and }UNLIT,
miscellAneons act of vocal and instrumental music, is
which Miss ISAIITLLA PATON sang the beautiful air,
"In infancy, by A Rua, with such sweetness as to pro.
duce an encore. The " Sultan" was revived for this
night, and Miss Pwrox sustained the part of Hardens
in a very; delightful manner. Those whose ears hai net
been folly satisfied with that part of the entertainment,
which took place before midnight, remained to see
s 4 Amoroso, King of Little Britaix," in which Mr. Hair
tsar sustained his original character.

i I
*their ow
art nisei
4 hey wo
selves cc
'ridicule
Nwhelnie
Nelsen tb
' of it we
,
.forward
f ) 'I .athy of
;..notualt
11UCCe411
which
I being tt
' I
1 . . flier.
-p arty vs
I ..tit that
i i weouid I
.c
11
1 . • aitted
1 !octane,
'Covert
/ , • .Alectin
th.et wet
',l' ‘ I ) -Jbad b.. 4
P . a ew all
i , I. 't.tPIISV
!Pit.. 13
4 *-tot aH,t
r 4•Weell
4,
j I Ilt•Ill
''
tnei:her
No take
4 .Pt. t.ic.
~. . t....0h1
..i• a ..ill
I ... tong
1 ‘.. (lrt/It
I Cc *lto
' 4154.1tX
i 1 1 .11•404 t&
a. it he
t• ad co
1.• •
Theirs
*. 1!1'
..., belt
o bad lit
i.oed I
~ ' .
.. roily b
If /Glue
? ' I-1 44.4V1P 14
\
. .
1 '
I
: ihe
1 iit.
J 4:slt.
*4; • %.„,..;.
