GENOA, MAY it.

Our port on Monday last offered a most striking
spectacle at the moment of the
,arrival of the King
of Sardinia; in the English ship the Boyne. His Ma.
'jetty was saluted by all the forts, and all the ships of
war. and was received on landing by Lord Bannock.
—A few hours after his arrival, the King gawk*. •
dierice to the Civil and Military Aothotities of Genok.
TURIN, MAY. 12.
The Council of Regency published 'yesterday a de. •
claration concerning die speedy arrival of the King.
This morning a le Drum of thanksgiving was
chaunted in the' Metropolitan Church, Count Rabat
and all the Fungi:* Functionalies weri:prresent ': • •
I ' MADRID, MAY 1. • •-:: •
i
i -The Journal Et Unisieerd, in an sutieletattitled,
tsa Petrie efeiloi. (the plice whett the idfitpecip&ar of
ttindtid anstubli) iontains /Selo/lowing; felifesionts
fearheOeis a riper!, thlr aleilAisv*Mintber Of likpu-
liihrhate formed dre.projcic,l*ofetrit4inie t 9 beditiiirad
in4ti all. the ACis acrd Dareellitit& CorielleOruth:tbe-
Ptit instant on whret ifiey were' assembled: It adds.
klifethisW‘.tild'be 4 scatidiatii [
perjury, and that It ,
A, impossible that a single Spaniard c .0 be capable of
hch a frightful thiiught."'• - - . ! $
"'file spirit of theCortei Of Madrid is not tbarofthe
'Afore Spanish nation. The arrival iii Kinglelliinand
:excites niuch fertnentaiion. The popular orators of
the National Assembly in vain boa's' of their Consti-
tution, and the republican ideas which form-the bases
at' it ; tit, Spariish rikiPle arc very Monarchical, and
alt Clablit'S eft the State prelei this kind of Admin.
stration to the storms of the Representative Govern.
anent. to winch they are not Accbstomesid: In the
?rovince Of Galicia their .w .., a g :od .I.eal. of distils.
bance ; the movement W 's 113 16111.`ur 0. t.ie King.--
11. e il M ..._...itary.cointuancal t, M. Ile Lacy, had ciiifi.
cuity in calming it. 1 tip. L.uit.v. thanked him so.
tenity, and twee him the title 01..ekrellent Citizen.—.
rite same dlitUrbreeS 11.(Ve been c ilietienced at
Cadiz, and the soldiery in general are faithful to their
Sovereign, and the Ito) al l'rerogative.
The King, after receivin 4 Live lioni..ge of the towns
of Airagon, t...at.iniiiv.i, mnd Valencia, proceeda its
the di .tectuin of Madrid. General Copula accOmpa.
nies his Majesty, with his (wept d'ormer. winds may
be estimated at between 8 aunt blkutto men.i .411Iss is
a nuflats, round which it is possible 4 nuuiber of other
Royalists m.sy innuedistety associate It 1111$ be

kl, that the Atfre/ patty tthe ea
;rod of the majority in the Cart
arty,► (by which is designated t
ree King on the Throne), are
eher.
MAY Se-i-lt is Manned that tl
it Valencia a new Constitutional
The regiment of Spanish go
Cadiz discAays the most cubed
of the King.
MAY s.—By a decree of the C
will be :annually a fast and mom
the Spanish monarchy.
The Cortes have decreed, that
!lumen' shall be erected on t.l.
Thavia, opposite the village of
where his Majesty, Ferdinand '
Spain by the first nati arm]
The Cortes, willing mall
r
rite, a memorial of those grand
forts by which the Spanish nati
the yoke of the common tyrar
that an equestrian statue of Ft
erected in the place of the co
and that 'the cannon, mortars,
from the enemy, shall caustic,
pedestal and other accompar
Idly, that a considerable prat
the producer of the beg design
mid Say, that the pedestal rill
bnporting that the nation, wi
ithe tyrant of France, had seer
its wishes is April 1814 ; at
VII. established on the throne
VZItA CIUZ, AMEBIC
The Spanish General Lba
the rebel Chief, with sweat lo
junction with Maumee*, a I
makable for his online,/ tal
rim ; they were completely
the loss of the rebels in th
killed, among whim were 21
siastics : the number of prim
whom is Matamoros himself
faction. Re will be tried ft
of 1.70 n C.andaao, an Austin
he caused not long since to
c*Zautn,
PnoCLAJIATIOtt el NUM VII.
u The designs dDIVU4II
are at length accemplisbed
pacific seat with unparalleh
hearts of our dear subject
land, we were condemned
nearly five years. We bay
of lamentation, first for th
care, and whose wants We w
able to afford her assistan
people under our Governr
their tribulation reached o
balky of ,ur affording chef
found degree of our afflict
theless assuaged by our tirr
ciful GOD, justly irritated I
be appeased, and that he a
' arm to break the bow Whit
against us, and burst the
V Mar on earth. Our con
the pride of man, a hich i
pose itself to the Morr ki,
our deliverance, which w
coalition, has been effecte
.6 Convinced that we
happened to the istiticl
the destinies of mankind,
his holy name, and chaul
" We have therefore
Commencement of our
Church—that Church,
his blood, ought to bec•
ternal solicitude.
" With this view we
turn to the capital, boll
man Pontiff, and the r
where we might effect
rating the fate of our g
we shall be able to prei
Ps der father, after a long
braces his beloved chit
4.4. Meanwhile, we se
is virtue of a special I
resume for us, and re'
lical See, as well at R
jointly with the oche
chosen by us, the eicet(
soessentially united '
spiritual Supremacy.
with a Commission.
formation of an Were
as far as elreemstancs
may asetribute cache
" And although,
nerved miiitery array
Mats emus, the •
the whet
_ascient Pc
do age-ftubt that el
full sienlidence of thi
seconded by the eel
by the Allied Sove,
ready received the
ranee&
" Minister of Pt
to *rive zealously l
of tranquillity ; wh
Whoever shall der
it may, he shall b
most rigour of the
." Ire fatther d
,Any one amongst
oa.l#vrs, by the c
our sovereign atll
the .crime, and t
desire that aii
should do) as du,
theta shAU date t
diorite ; and that
laws, and to the
a In the pafi
jccts will faititfu
reign and pate:
upon them, nun
benediction.
46 Given at C
° 1 51.11 year of 0,11

rian Prince, who is to bear the title of
the Viceroy of Italy to be Grand Duke
ours', Fulda, Aschaffenburg, and Agnat
of Bavaria; Tuscany t•i be restored wits
vereign, the Archduke • Ferdinand ; the
uke Of 'Baden to yield the Palatinate, a
e country of Nellenburg, Constance, the
• Dreissam, for which he is to be indemni-
l-ing of Wurtemberg to obtain the part of
cf Baden above mentioned, Furstenberg
:au, but he is to cede Mergentheim ; Ba.
erain Mergentheim, all the Lower Paled-
x Ponts, Starkenburg.. Lindenfels, and to
Tyrol to Italy ; Darmstadt to receive the
Mayence, on the•right and left banks of
Austria to receive in Italy Milan, Matt-
e, and DAlmatia ; • Russia to obtain all Po.,
le Antzic ; Pi ussia.to obtain all the countries
'longing to her, • Juliers, Berg, and tht
cularizing all her ecclesiastical territories;
to code Norway ; all which remains on the
of the Rhine to be given to the Prince of
ssel and the Duke of Nassau, as well as
and Furstenberg; Rance to obtain the
tries to Bruges; the remainder to be unia
Hand ; thefortress of Mayence to be razed;
titution of Germany to. be. regulated at.
' on the Mayne ; Austria to return to her-
: hts • •
GENEVA, MAY ti.
- •
i
rers Pienipotentiariei e the high Allied-
.aie authorised the littblication of a dom.
ch ensures to the Republic of Geneva its
as a Swiss Canton.

ZURICH, MAY 7.
rchduchess Maria Louisa arrived here yes.
noon from Schaffhausen with a numerous
ler Imperiskiiiglmess proceeds to-m.t.rrow
h. This Princess travels incngnito, under.
►f the Countess de Faikenstein ; she declinei
us due to her rank, and receives no one.
MUNICH, MAY It. •
M.tjesties the King :and Queen set out to-
Or Brochsal. . _ •

Mg will return on the 22d to receive his
he Emperor of Austria, who is expected
t the `2ld or 24th. The Qbeen will be ab-
ly three weeks. •' • "-

• VIENNA, MAY At.
nun .Gazttte* published today. under the
ORicial News from Italy," gives all the
in thattcountry, and adds, as follows:--.
iog to the invitation made to the King of
is troops are on !notch return to his
FRONTIERS OF SAXONY, MAY S.

loch desired in -Saxony, ,hat the fate of that'
may be won decided. Many reports are sir-
.especting it, but the only one which appears
clited is, that Lusatia will be united to the
Monarchy.

BERLIN, MAY so.
.nch Officer here, who was near the person
artrte, relates the following :—Bonaparte
iimself to be addressed by the title VoT .
:ice." Some courteaans -admitted in private
espot did not blush to give him that tide, but
rst not give it him in public.

MILAN, MAY 12,
I; ing of /ivies set out for Bologna the 28th
r.cturn to his dominions, accompanied by the
of Gallo.
NAPLES, APRIL 29.
le 26th of March a truce for a year was eon.
with the Regency of ind hostiiities ;lot
metier till two months atter- the expiration
ruce. During interval the definitive peace
rranged. The Bey of Tunis has stipulated .
ondstion in his favour. Tie Npolit.in ves..
y be ireely employed in the coral fishery on
st of Africa on paying the simple ordinary
There is no doubt but this truce will brine
durable peace, and procure liberty to the Nea.
• ho are groaning in slavery at Tunis.,
troubles which broke out in the •Abruzzeo
rtly ceased ; the inhabitants took little pajt in

GENOA, MAT It.
port on Monday last offered a most striking
le at the moment of the arrival of the King
linia, in the English ship the Boyne. His Ma.
as saluted by all the forts, and all the' ships of
nd was received on landing by Lord Bentinck.
w hours after his arrival, the King gave-au- '
to the Civil and Military Anthof•Ries of Genoa.
'maw, MAY. la. •
Council of Regency published 'yesterday a de.
n concerning thy speedy arrival of the King..
morning a Dews of tivitikagiving was
•d in the Metropolitan Church, Count 15Ubnat
the Public' Functionaries wirepresent: '
MADttID, MAY I. • ••-• •
Journal El Unieeived, in an article entitled,
to derSol • (the place where the idiepeciple" of
assemble) Contains tlse''followin**teirlictionsi
re is a report, thiralerrfaktEntunber of iliepu-
e formed the.projec.t esPer3ing to be declared
the ACts Diereei di the Corte'si'linno they
tint Oa whrdlo diey were: assembled. It adds,• •
kanditatiS perjury, and that it
sable that a single Spaniard cAu be capable of
'— • • •
spirit •of theCorteinf Madrid is not thatof the
pastislinitibn. The arrival of 'KinglWdinand
much fermentation. The popular Orators of
tional Assembly in vain bnailt of their Cons&
and the republican ideas which- form the bases
thi Spardsh people Are very Monarchical, and
ses of the Sue prefer this kind of Admini-
the storms of the Representative Govern-
to which they are not aceit'stouried. In the
ce of G;litia therevr . god deal of digur-
the' movement w ,s iu favour of rue
ilitary-Conimaniciant, M. de Lacy, had diffi-•
u calming it. *fa CtitiAis thanked him SO.
, and save him the tiae.6Veicaost
me disturbliices have been expetivaced
and die soldiery in general are faithtul to their.
'lilt n, and the aiy4l Prerogative. • r
King, otter receiving rnehornage,of tha tomtit-
are, f..ataionia, and Valencia, proceeded'
colon of Madrid. Gellt;Tak.oopOslS accompa.
MAiesty, with his coritEcrestwat, witich may
mated at between b and 10,iitk) men. TM. 104.. '
ar, round which it is possible a I,thnber of other
s may imemediAtety associate. It bo

~.,3, that the Mail patty tthe Matte of the patty pus.
`Sap{ of the majority to the Cortes), and the :a
arty), (by which is designated those who demand a
fee King on the Throne), are in presence of each
Abel'.
MAY 9.... it is affirmed that the Kin' '
g is
preparing
It Valencia a new Constitutional Charter.
'l'he regiment of Spanish guards in gerrisan at
Cadiz &Oar the most exalted sentiments us favour
pt. the King.
MAY s--By a decree of the Cortes, the 2d of May
-ill be annually a fast and summing day throughout
he Spanish monarchy.
The Cortes have decreed, that a grand national 810,
, ument shall be erected on the right bank of the
fhavia, opposite the village of Bascara, at the place
-here his Majesty, Ferdinand VII. was received in
Spain by the first national army.
The Cortes, willing to transmit to the latest poste.
tity, a memorial of those grand events and heroic ef-
forts by which the Spanish nation was liberated from
'he yoke of the common tyrant, have decreed, first,
that an equestrian statue of Ferdinand VII. shall be
erected in the place of the constitution at Madrid,
and tbat'the cannon, mortars, howitzers, Bte. taken
from the enemy, shall constitute the materials of the
pedestal and other accompanying ornaments; and I
2dly, that a considerable premium' shall he given e
the producer of the best design or model for the same it
and Sdly, that the pedestal shall bear an inscription,
importing that the nation, which swore to detbret*
the tyrant of France, had seen the accomplishment of
its wishes in April 1814 ; and its King Ferdinand
VII. established on the throne. •
VERA CialZ, AMERICA, FEBRUARY 9.
The Spanish General Lbano ha:defeated Morelos,
the rebel Chief, with great loss. He had formed a
junction with Maumee% a Mexican Ecclesiastic, re-1
markable for his military taloa% and as a discipline_
rian ; they were oompletely beaten by Senor Lhano :
the loss of the rebels in the action was 760 men
killed, among whom were 96 monks aqd other eccle-
siastics: the number of prisoners exceeds 700, among
whom is Mataitioros himself, the life and soul of the
faction. He will be tried forthwith for the murdei
of 17on C.andaao, an Austrian officer of rank, whom
be caused not long since to be shot.
CIZANA, MAT S ..
PROCLAMATION OF PIUS VII. TO tut WAX stri/Rara.
,6 The designs of DIVINZ PRovMstscs towards us
are at length accomplielsed. Precipitated from our
pacific seat with unparalleled violence. torn from the
hearts of our dear subjects, dragged from land to
land, we were condemned to groin Kale's:l for
tears
nearly five yean. We have sha in our prima
of lamentation, first for the Church confided to our
care, and whose wants we were aware of WililOUl being
able to afford het assistance ; and secondly for the
people under our Government, because the ay of
their tribulation reached our ears, without the possi-
bility of our affording them consolation. The pro.
found degree of our affliction and misery was never-
theless assuaged by our firm belief, that the most mer-
ciful GOD, iustly irritated by our sins, would one day
be appeased, and that he would raise his All-powerful
arm to break the bow which the enemy had stretched
against us, and burst the chains which environed his
Vicar on earth. O confidence was not misplaced
the pride of m uran, rahich in its madness dared to op-
pose Itself to the MoaT HIGH, has been humbled r and
our deliverance, which was also the aim of the august
coalition, has been effected by an unexpected prodigy.
44 Convinced that we are indebted for all that has
happened to the ALMIGHTY Pitovinzace which rules
the destinies of mankind, we will never cease to bless
his holy name, and chaunt his praise. •
44 We have therefore resolved to consecrate the
commencement of our liberty to the good of the
Chorch—that Church, which cost its divine founder
his blood, ought to become the first object of our pa-
ternal solicitude.
64 With this view we wished to accelerate our re-
turn to the capital, both as being the seat of the Ro-
man Pontiff, and the residence of our Sovereignty,
where we might effect our ardent desire of amefie-
rating the fate of our good subjects. In a little while
we shall be able to press them to our bosom as a ten-
der father, after a long and painful pilgrimage, em-
braces his beloved children.
46. Meanwhile, we send our delegate before us. who,
in virtue of a special rescripr, under our hand, will
resume for us, and respectively for theft* Aposto-
liCai Seth as well at Rome as in oar Provinces, oat-
jointly with the other subaltern delegates, already
chosen by us, Ilse exercise or out temporal Sovereignty,
so essentially suited with bur independence and our
spiritual Supremacy. He will proceed, in concert
with a Commissioant gum, by us appointed, to the
fortuatiostraf an leceriat Gtavernment; and will adopt,
as far as clecumstannm will permit, whatever measures
ay castremste tothebappioess of tied faithful subjects.
m
Find eltbangh, in eonsequence of the precon-
certed military arrangements; we cannot, at this mo:
menu tiesume the is of our sovereignty in all
the MI. ansient p of the Church, yet we
do tset &At that shaggy reacquire them, in
full tealdeiteee the inviolability bf our sacred right',
seconded by the enlightened ideas of justice displayed
the er fro= whom we have al-
re by
ady received the moat positive and consoling assn.
Casco. ,
" Minister of Peace—We exhort all cur subjects
to strive zealously far the restoration and maintenance
of tranquillity ; which is the wish nearest to our Wirt.
Whoever shall dare to dliturb it, be the pretext what
it may, he shall be immediately punished to the ut-
most rigourof
Ire farthedeclare to all our subletts, that if
any one amongst them renders himself amenable to
Go. 104.v5, by the commission of offence, it belongs to
our -sovereign authority alone to take cognizance of
the .crinee, and to apportion the punidlment. We
desire Abu clt shall conduct themselves, (as they
should dol a:dutiful children. That no one amongst
thein sh dime to arrogate or usurp our paternal au-
thority ; and that all shall alike be odedient to the
Jaws,
not to the vnll of their common Father.
In the perfect confidence that all our good sub.
jects will
reiga and vatrana intentions: We hereby bestow
faithfully conform themselves to our cove-
upon them, tuna
our HINIOSt heart, our holy apostolic
benediction.
" Given at Cevana, the 4th of May, 1814, in the
6 15th year of our rontiOcate. - (Si ned)
g
6 6 Plus, P. P. VII."

•
floe; brigs Betsey, and date isehoOttersitistieWs, Char,
Ida*, Rosertob &abate, 0 [MOW, and 'Whim t and 100 P Sobel.
0 imsttary 15, brig Caftan% Ventura:hi from New Haven
detained by his Majesty's ship Fos ; schooner Elisabeth; front
Porvaa-Prince, detained by his Majesty's ship Niemen:
0 January SS, schooners Matchlesa, front Philadelphia, for
Porto Rico ; Sally, from New London, for New Yacht sloop
Romp, from New• York, for St. Do:Otago.
" The Sever* frigate anchored at Bermuda on the
19th of January, with a lied of transports and mer-
chant Men five England, under protection ; in one
transport a detachment of the 4th garrison battalion
arrived."
14 KINGSTON, APRIL e.
“ We learn that while Captain Kennedy, of the
Forester brig, of 18 guns, was at the Havanna, a
most infamous attempt was made by a Spaniard to
assassinate him, by stabbing him with a stiletto in
the back, which wound for some time threatened his
lifeeoccasioned by some altercation respecting a
fish lad of the name of Colpoys, wh o had been deri -
\ Wined improperly by the Spaniards.
44 From Port-au-Prince we learn by the Ringdove
brig, that Christophe not long since attacked the
advanced camp of Perim, consisting of 200 men, all
of whom were put to the sword, with the exception
of the Colonel, who was treated with every barba-
rity, having had holes bored through his nose and
ears, and was tied on a plank, and carried in that
situation to Cape Francois.
Christophe is said to have been since at St.
Marc's with the intention of advancing against the
.army of Petion ; in consequence of which the latter
had united his forces to meet him, and it was gene-
rally believed that he would be successful.
" By advices- received at Curacoa from Comreo
(a port between Cow and Porto.Cavello), it was I
ascertained that the Insurgent army of 1500 men had \
been defeated near Victoria by the Royalists, and that
500 of the Independents had deserted their standard
and fled to the Royalists, when they were all killed.
" For the last ten weeks an embargo had existed
at La Guira. So rigidly was it enforced by the In-
dependents, that the sails and rudders of all the ves-
sels had been taken ashore, to prevent the possibility
of any of them getting to sea.
" No later European intelligence had been received
at Curacoa than what the Lady Louisa Packet fur-,
nished ; and the inhabitants of that island were ap-
prehensive that the February mail would be cap.
tured, as the American privateer Comet was
cruizing within a few leagues of the coast, with the
avowed intention of endeavouring to intercept the
l'acket.—The Comet had captured
nd a dogger from
Curacoa to Roca, and burnt her ; a a schooner
with cocoa, &c. from the same island to St. Thomas's,
which was afterwards ransomed for 800 dollars."

It is now ascertained, on official authority, that nut-
mama, VII. listening to the advice of the Grandees,
by whom he is surrounded, has refused to give the
Royal sanction to the new Constitution of Spain. In
order to determine this fact under competent autho-
rity, the Archbishop of ToLeo°, representing the
Regency, and two distinguished Members of the
Corms representing that august Assembly, waited on
this Prince at Valencia, and received his negative.
In this situation of embarrassment and danger it has
been deemed necessary that the army should declare its
intentions, and the regiments on duty in the immediate
scene of this controversy, have some of them avowed
their desiga of maintaining the cause of FIRDINANDI
and others of supporting the Cortes and the new
Constitution. In this dilemma it has been thought
expedient to employ the authority of the Generalis-
simo of the Forces, which is understood to be the
true motive of the sudden departure of the Duke of
WRI.LINGTON from Paris, who, after a short visit to
his army in France, proceeded onward towards
Madrid ; but his influence as a Foreigner and a Pro-
testant over the native army, on a question between
the King and the people ,is presulr.ed to be *very incon-
siderable. The object of the Duke's visit to the army
is presumed to be to connter.order the march of the
Spanish regiments to their own country, until the
disposition of the soldiery, as to the question between
the King and the Great Council of the Nation, shall
have been made known.

Yesterday evening, Captain BLACKWOOD left town.
for Dover, to resume the command of the JASON
frigate, and to prepare the Royal escorting squadron
for the reception of his Royal Highness the Duke of
CLARENCIL
Yesterday, Viscount SIDMOUTII had an audience of
the Palma Rzczwr at Carlton House.
The Dukes of YORK and CAMBRIDOK visited the
Parma: REOIENT yesterday.
A servant girl was last week condemned to death
at Paris for an attempt to poison her mistress.
The following is an extract of a letter from Ber.
muda, dated April 26 :
“ 1 send this letter by the Canso schooner, which goes home
with the news of the American Embargo having been taken oft.
Madison has not been able to procure money in the way of loan,
II
or by any other expedient, to carry on the war, and if he could
have succeeded, I imagine he would have continued the embargo.
The declaration of the blockade of the whole of the coast of
America will, I think, disappoint all Madison's sorts to procure

money."
According to subsequent letters, we learn that the
convoy which sailed for Jamaica on or before the 15th
March, arrived after a passage of ten days.
An article in one of the last American Papers in-
forms us, that the Supreme Judicial Tribunal of the
United States has affirmed the right of expatriation
and change of allegiance : that is, it has declared
that a man has a right to divest himself of his alle-
giance to his native coury.

-114 PAL 11,1ALLICIAVE.

iitAILA
ill. DIM ill. otitb
War . , o t ittit o 6
it o i
Wooten 0 1 Heligoland
Onetime/ 0 0 Gottenbargli 0 1
Frame 1 o Holland 0 1
St.Sebastlad 1 0 Wiz 0
PLYMOUTH, MAY 24.
Caine in the MADAGASCAR frigate froth the toast
Of Spain; ZITTERN sloop of war from Liverpool;
°antra and RSTRARD.sIoops of war froth a cruite•
and the Resourtzgun.brig from Ireland. Sailed the
SULTANy P 4, and SPARROW sloop to the Westward.
PORTSMOUTH, MAY 25.
Arrived his. Majesty's ship ACSAR, from the Bra.
zits; sailed the Gth February from Pernatnbucco,
with a fleet. Arrived his Majesty's ships SCAHORSI
from Plymouth, NIOIR from Lisbon, SNAP from
Cherburgh, and Cmcso schooner from Bermuda, last
from Plymouth. Sailed his Majesty's ships TYRIAN,
Horn, CONFLICT, GnowLett, and REDWING, with
French prisoners, for Cherburgh; Betsey, and the
Owners' Delight, for Havre-de-Grace.—Wind W.
DEAL, MAY 25.
Arrived and sailed for the Rivet the Margaret,
SACHRR, from Tenerife. Arrived the CADMUS sloop
of war from Portsmouth. Sailed the RINALDO sloop
of war, and the Lord Duncan, East Indium% fcr
Portunouth.—Wind N.W.
•

THE ARMY.

The following Commanders are now finally ap•
pointed to conduct the armament destined to act
against America :
Lleut.-General Lora Has..
........--e-+&-...-* Sir Hama: Casamost.
Major-General
-------- Sir E. M. PARIIIII tn.
ii----•------ Rost V lON.
'"-----4... .....- BAINES.
The army will amount to 12,000 men.
The transports -intended for the expedition pre-
paring in the Gironde against North America, sailed
from Spithead the 22d inst. under convoj Aof thei
T.
onus King's cutter—inn/lora mosinnityr. . cutter s
now considered sufficient protection for an immense '
fleet to the South of France!
A detachment of the Royal Scots landed at Graves-
end the 21st inst. under the command of Lieutenant
MOliallaONl from the Eclipse Leith'smack.
His Majesty's ships CROdoDILI and HUMUS sailed
from Cork the 19th inst. having under convoy the
97th Regiment, for Quebec;end the 4th Battalion
Royal Scots, for the same destination, on board of
the LEO?ARD and DIOMEDE,.
The 6th Dragoon Guards (or Enniskillens) have
arrived at Liverpool from Dublin, about SOO wrong.
There are two detachments of Artillery preparing
at Woolwich, to proceed immediately to Malta anti

Sicily.
TO M• P. SUIT, RMI. LAIR PAYMASTER Of ass ISAJISTY'S
So TOOT, OIL Tillt sorry
Mr DIAR SIR—No circumstance could have afforded me
More genuine satisfaction than being the orgasof communication
to you (by desire of the Officers of the regiment), tbauthe Gold
Cup has been forwarded to Dublin,. which_zoe already f loner
has been so unanimously voted you, by the Mole Body o your
Brother Officers; as a mark of the high sentiment of eaten* mid
sincere regard, which, ;Wring a petiod of fourteen years en-
remitting service with the Buffs, yuur conciliator?, correct
and honourable conduct, bas, wthout an exce.ption, inspired
them with. •
Tome, therefore, both in a public and private capacity, it
affords the highest gratificatkm, to present to you, it
hi the
name of the whole Corps, to request your acceptance of this last-
ing tevirnonial of their unanimous regard; and which they must
sincerely hope Mrs. Baaav and you will tot:ulnae in health and
prosperity to exhibit for many happy years as memorial of
those days you have spent among your ftiends in the Buffo,
during a period, unexampled in the annals of our coetnuy, for
great and successful exertion.
Wishing you and Family, in private life, all the happiness
and felicity which your merits deserve, and winch a life of con.
scions rectitude must emure you, I have the honour to remain,
With great regard and esteem,
Yom's, very faithfully sod sincerely,
WiLtawas Svevemse„
Lieut.-Col. Consmandiug Buffs,

47th April, 1814.
TO LICOTIINANT•COLONDL STIWAIT, AND Tit OfflCtltS Of
11113AAJZSTT'll SD 111011AINT OF FOOT, Oft TIM SOFT!.
MY DUO. Sit—l have just had the honour of receiving your
latter of the 87th of last month, accompanied by the valuable
sad elegant Cup voted ate by the Olken of the Burs.
1 feel most tend* Impressed with gratitude for this mark of
their liberality and kindness. The approbation of my conduct
by those I so highly respect and esteem, and with whom I have
passed so many happy years of uninterrupted and cordial intl.
macy, must prove highly flattering, and any laaguage of mine
cia
bm feebly express the grateful feelings I entertain for their
great kindness to me on this sod every messiah dada; the
wboie period of my servitude in the regiment.
The impaired state of my health having readefed it neeassery
for ass to retire from the service it is ao small consolatloa
(however painful it was to my feelinp) to find I left the Corps
with the regret and esteem of the whole of my Brother Officers.
The highly honourable and splendid testimonial of their friendly
sentiments towards me, I shall ever feel a pride in exhibiting,
and shall at all times be most anxiously interested in any are.
cumstaate connected with the welfare and happirses of eve/
individual of the regiment, to which I have been so long and
sincerely attached.
1 have to request you will convey to all my old sad ed
friends of the lit Battalion, and to Major Campeau, those
of she Std Battalion (who ave at sortime done duty the
Ist'', the grateful sad lasting impression their flattering sad affec.
donate sentiments towards me and my family has Unrelated oul
my mind; and I have also teag you will accept my IMMO NM
sincere thanks for the very sad frieodly meaner yes We
been good enough to coessanicate them to me.
honour to temain, my dear Sir,
I have the
With great respect and esteem,
Your very obliged humble servant,
M. V. Baser,
Late Paymaster, Istaatt. Buffs.

di Castle,
9th, 1814.

.—.....--
Colonel ELLICY, commandiog the Oxford Blues in
Kensington Barracks, has undergone a cauterising
operation in the hand, on account of his having put
it, with a scratch thereon, into the mouth of a favou•
rite dog, to administer a medicine, the animal after.
wards dying mad, and a horse in the stall where the
dog usually slept, dying also of the mad-staggers.—
The unfortunate circumstance occurred full a month
ago, and the Colonel continuing in perfect health.
and spirits, it may reasonably be hoped that all pro.
bability of danger is now pot 1
EPSOM Races commenced yesterday ; but, as usual
on the first day, the sports were interesting only to a
confined circle of better' The Woodcot Stakes of
10 guineas each for four years old, was woo by fdr.
MOBLAND'S filly beating the Duke of Yoaa's Groans
colt and seven others, tolerably easy.
THIATRES.-•-Knextes admirabk performance of
Bride attracted a crowded audience at Covent-Gar.
dlieonoclasboast nigtehcit
a;itaonad
COlClLAgnpisc'tsc
ii4Benefitinters at lbS other

'U

1

, •
