inging*.
frames in

lii, needle-maker,
being injured.
lesser extent ,
separated from his house by a passage about , a yard
wide, and Marriott's by a small garden, eight or ten
yids across.—Norliagkere Paper.
SCOTLAND.
litutheigien May Fair, on Friday, there was some rioting,
si 'Mann young men from Glasgow wars apprehended, thir-
d% whom wsre;tie the following day, convicted, fined, and
imprisoned IA the fines were paid..
BARBAROUS OUTRAGE MilD ATTEMPT TO Munima.
—Yesterday the -following atrocious act wis
trotted in Kennington-Imm near White Ha=
Lambeth :—A ruffian, .of the name of John Wright,
whp describes himself to be a working gardener. went
into a small house occupied by a person named Tay-
lor, VAC) works cc a tool-maker's, in New-itreet.
vest Garde*: 'Mrs. Taylor, who is advanced in Years,
and her daughter, a grown-up young woman, were the-
only persons in the house at the time. After remaining
-in the house for some minutes on some frivolous pre.
trice, be seized a poker, and struck at the two help:
less females in a most violent and barbarous manner,
and dreadfully cut them in the head and in different
parts of their bodies; so much so, that little ho
-were last nigh: entertained of their survieing the out-
rage. The screams of the women soon attracted the
neighbours to the spot, and then the monster desisted
from his murderous purpose, and tried to make bis
.escape, He was instantly pursued and taken; his
clothes and stockings were sprinkled with blood, even.,
some of the, lesh which had been cut from the hands '
and faces of the suffeters was found sticking. to him,'
as well as a ionsidelable quantity of their hair; from,
which latter' circumstance it is presumed that they'
'must have struggled very hard for their lives. When
taken to Union-hall, and asked by Mr. Serjeant
Lori, who was the Sitting Magistrate at the time,
"that were the motives diet impelled him to commit
the crime ? he answered, with great indifference, that
be had on a former day sold the women four flower-
pots, that he went to demand payment for them, and
that on their refusing to pay him, he beat them with
the poker. It appears, however, from the declara-
tion of the young woman, who wall'able to speak yes.
terday evening, that this story is false ; and the sup-
position is that his object was to rob the house. The
Magistrate ordered him to be remanded until the fate
of the woman is ascertained.
Stu DWELL-OFFICR.-••CHAROR OF MURDEB.—....YES.
terday John Sliver:, Captain of the Thames South-
lea man, and James Baxter, the chief mate, were
finally examined on a charge of being accessary to
the death of. John Gibson, an apprentice, on board
' tkat ship, who died on their voyage to the coast of
Peru in 11314. On the last examination, William
Temperton, the ship's carpenter, John Young, sur-
geon, John Thomas, cook, and William Piere, gave
evidence to prove the treatment of the boy previous
Ito his death : in addition to this, James Hanson now
deposed, that, having entered on board the vessel on
the toast of Peru, about the Sd of November 1814,
he recollected the deceased to be ill about two months,
and to haste had several sores about his body : he was
'attended by Mr. Young, the ship's surgeon, but
could not say how long : he had seen him give him
pills and plasters for his sores about nine days beloie
his death : the Captain used to flog him, and some-
times start him with a rope's end about a loot long,
which he kept for that purpose : the flogging was
previous to his illness : the mate also flogged and
started him : he was so weak he could not do bis
work, but used to shuffle along the deck in that state
be was beat without even his shirt en. He used to
cry, " Oh f Captain, dear Captain !" his body used to
be black and blue with blood-shot. No person was
with him when he died, having expired during bed-
`time : remembered the mate haring beat him with a
rope's end on the day previous to his death, but did
not see the Captain beat him for three weeks before.
He had written letters to send his father, which were
brought to the Captain, who laughed at them : this
was after the boy's death. -
Cross-examined— He did not know the boy's hand-
writing ; Mr. B. Duke took the letters to the Cap.
lain ; he and every person on board had an oppor-
tunity of knowing deceased's treatment ; did not
hear the Captain say the bay shammed lame, but
beard the surgeon say so : he was a dirty bey, and
would not wash . his linen ; had soap as well as the
other boys : he was ill-used by every person on board,
when any one beat him, the Captain and Mate cried'
" Go it ;" this might be six months before he died :
he used to be chastised for not doing his work. Ins
answer to a question (gem the Magistrate, witness
said he.had sailed in six different vessels, but had
never seen any Captain more severe than the priso-
ner : lie had seen the boy's legs and thighs before the
body was thrown overboard, and they were black
and blue, hut he bad net seen his back.
The agistrate ordered the prisoners to find bail 4
themselves in 4200 each, andtheir securities in £lOO
each. With this they were provided, and it was given
accordingly.
HATTON OARDRIfo---YESterday, Mr. Pt Mari,
of Highhury Grove, Islington, (brother of e LORD
Mayon) attended, by summons, to answer the com-
plaint of a tolkollecior at Islington Turnpike gate;
the complainant stated, that cot the night of Monday,
die 18th instant, the defendant's coach came up to
the above gate, as the watchman was calling the
hour of .twelve, when the witness demanded the ac-
customed toll of four pence; Mr. Wood's servant ten-
dered him in payment, a French sixpence, which be
refused; the servant then offered him another of the
like coin, which he likewise refused : he then' told
vomplainant to go up to the carriage, when the gentle-
man pulled from his. pocket a. sixpence.which. also
was French, and which was also refused. The coach-
man was then desired by Mr. Wood to go on, which
he did, without paying the toll. , In answer, Mi.
' Wood said, that at the above time be was-ignorant
that French sixpences were not current; that when
the carriage came near Islington Chu;cha the clock
struck twelve, whiCh was near a quarter of an hoar
after the. complainant bad demanded the toll; aid
.hat in consequence of his having been through the
gate and paid the toll in the morning, be did
•not
think he tad any right to pay the toll again. But
the complainant symanng the clock had struck twelve,
the Magistrate convicted the defendaut io. the miti-
gated penalty of 40s. against which conviction he'
signified his intention to appea4

•
- NUNOC PARK.
. .......;.......
Every circumstance that can elucidate thtfate of
the explorer bf Africa is interesting,..although, from.
the length of time that has elapsed since he was last
beard .of, the probability of his being• in existence is
so chimerical as scarcely to afford the most distant
ray of its being realised. The following is, however,
a singular coinoidence, and there can be no doubt
but the white men therein mentioned might be Mr.
PARK, and probably his fellow traveller Lieutenant'
Marren ;. particularly as it is known they embarked.,
on the Niger with only three of their companions,
and also that no persons, as is there described, could
possibly be in•the interior of that country, and Simi-,
lady situated, except them. The manner in which this
information has been obtained is rather singular, but
there seems no reason to doubt of its correctness. It
appoin that some time since a Gentleman acciden.,
tally observed in London a seaman whom he bad seen
atCadiz,. where he was well biown from his having
been in Africa, and Tombucioo, a city which ea
hire person before has been able to reach, although
it is the great object of European research. This sea.
man, whose name is Robert Adams, belonged to site
American ship Charles and is a native of America',
bora on Hudson's river and was wrecked October
11, 1810, nears small p ace called El Gazie, on the
African coast, to the northward of Cape Blanco ; ,
and, with the rest of the crew, made prisoners by the
Moors. ' After some time the whole were conveyed
by the barbarians across the Great Desart to Son.
denny, and Ureic* to Tombuctoo, experiencing the
greatest fatigue and hardships. After a slavery at
various places for' four years,•and undergoing every
cruel treatment, he was so fortunate as to have- hit
ransom effected by Mr. DUPUIS, the Consul at Mo.•
gadore, from whence be went-to Fez, obtained a pas.
sage to Cadiz, where he remained until peace with
the United States waeconcluded, and ultimately ar-
rived in London. He states, that among the Negro..
slaves at Wed.noon—(where, from his being a white
man, he attracted great notice)—was a woman whp
said she came from a place called Kanno, a long
way across the Desert, and that she had seen in her
own country white men as white as of bather" (mean.
ing the white wall), and in a large beat with two
'bier sticks in it, with cloth upon them, and that they
rowed this boat in a manner different from the cus-
tom of the Negroes, who use paddles. in stating
this,`she made the motion of rowing with oars, so as,
to leave no doubt that she had seen a vi ssel in the
European fashien, and manned by white people.—:
Adams arrived at this place August 29, 1812, and
remained there till September, 1819.
Many of the slaves purchased at Tombuctoo- and
•other places, and brought by the Moors and Arahi
across the Great Desart, come front countries very
far to the eastward; it is, therefore, not improbable
to suppose, that the place from whence this woman
came might be the kingdom of Ghana, or Cano, on
the Niger, lying between the 10th 'and 15th degrees
of East longitude. Supposing this correct, the curi-
ous relation of this person will afford • reasonable
ground for conjecturing that Mr. PARK had made
further progress on the Niger than where the guide
states he parted wish him ; and as Mr. PARK'S death
was by drowning, together with his companions, and
only occurred the day after the guide gave up his
charge, he could not have made any great progress in
his voyage. The time that intervened between eie
departyre of Mr. PARK from Sansanding; where he
embarked on the Niger the 17th of November, 1805 p
and his teported.death at Silla, either in March or
early in April, 1806, would greatly admit of his
having reached a territory more distant than Kanno.
That this enterprising traveller has met his death is
almost certain, but the time, place,- or circumstances
under which it occurred, are enveloped in mystery,
and rest alone on the bare assertion of his guide, who,
it must be recollected, was not at eye witness of the
event, but obtained the information from otheri.
At Wed.noort, the only white person which Adams
found there was a Frenchman, who had been ship-
wrecked and taken into slavery. The temptation
which had been held out to this man, as is invariably
done by the followers of Mabomet to all Christians
who unfortunately fall into their power, was mi.
strong for him to resist. He had, therefore, turned
Mahometan, and was, in consequence, circumcised,
by which means he was immediately removed
,from
slavery, allowed to marry, and was the father of se-
veral children. At this place he bad resided twelve
years, and obtained a livelihood by making gnnpow.
der, which was puichased with great avidity by the
Moors and Arabs, all of whom were entirely ignorant
of the process used in ite•inatnificture. This secret
the Frenchman studiously kept from them. -

LADY HISTER STATIROPIL...- Lady HESTER STAN.
mint, who belongs to OR, of the first families in ZlT-
land. merits a place among the most celebrated and
intrepid travellers of the present age. This Lady,
the niece, thefriend, and intimate companion of the
great PITT, was not less attached to him by confor-
mity of mind than by the ties.of blood. She enjoys
a pension from her country. Mr. PITT, who, as is
r known, died withouafortune, left to his nieces, poor
1' like himself, a few lines, in which he recommended
them to the generosity of the people of England.—
After the death of her uncle, Lady HESTER (twined
the project of travelling in the Levant. - She first re.
paired to Malta, and from thence proceeded to Con-
stantinople: Wishing afterwards to Make. a pilgri-
mage to Palestine, she sailed for the Holy Land, but
bad-the miifortune to be shipwrecked off the isle.ot
Rhodes.' Cast on a barren rock, she seemed to be des-
tined to perish of hunger ; but an English.ship which
appearecion the following day took heron board, and
conveyed - her to. Syria. There she travelled in all
directioas, accompanied by Mr.,Batice, who has just
been tried--for die part he-took in the escape of LA-
vALzrrz. She spent several years Wandering among,
the ruins of Palmyra and Micropolis, and explotipg
the vallies of' Mount Lebanop. Living for wholeH
munthe on rice and water* and accustomed to the
frugality of oriental habits, from being feeble and stv
is-dilated, she became a strong and vigorous Aniaion.
According to letters which she has addressed to her
family in England, she is now at-the hOd of` three
tribes of Bedmiln Arabs, who retard her as a being
of a super* order.. he has bad several children,
whom she was. fond.of. brought to her from Eng-
land t .and she &clams, that: sire will Ipever *WO
that land of the sun, to breathe the humid and cloudy
atMostlitge of Greg Pritaige-cfs4ck vet)

i • COAL fir, ARKtr, MAY 22.
Ships at Marto. Ships *ld. Prim
itilf Newcastle 21 sr. 6d. to 47s 94
10 tiunderland 9 974. 6d. to 11s 64.
, ..,..,,--,--.----•—r----•_ __ ____

_
biklt it I liD.
Thursday the 16th Ina. at Stoke Ch r h,
by the Rev. Jobs Hawker, CAptaio William Newton
Mary, the youngeat daughter of Lieutenant Kenr.e4, td• ;tit;
Staff Company.
On the 13th Inst. at Jersey, Adjutant George
I Royal Veteran Battalion, to Mrs. Henrietta Matilda Imp,
widow of Major°Michael Impey, late of the 6th kettlin.vtur

DIKD,
At Pyre, in the Idt of Skye, on the .94 inst. Mrs. Macie,,,
widow of the late Dr. Macleod, of Eyre, in the 86th yaw-;'f
her age.
I May 16, suddenly, at Upstreet, in Kent, in the 67% year /4
her age, Mrs. Elizabeth Henneker, widow. Her death wat
istreNslng, as she was in perfect health 1;ot a Tuner of ;14,.
before her death, talking with a friend, and on r, turtling in &Ka.
dropped down in a chair, and expired iiiinieJiatlly.

'lO WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IlOsiEp.
SHIZIPICEEPER a.
TO BE SOLD BY AUC TION,
By Mr. CHAMPNEY,
OD the Premises, No. 75, Watling. street, on Tuesday,
1816, and following day, at Teu o'Clock en', day, '
at rt.
serve, by order of the Sheriff, under an Exec !flan,
THE very valuable STOCK ir. TRADE of M..
WILLIAM CHAMBERLAIN, Wholtsge llnrr.,'
Bankrupt': compiising above 6000 dozen of
Boys' and Men's white, coloured, and black ll'ut.k
brown and white cotton, lambs'-wool and Angola lig( Kse;
Men's white and coloured Anpla ; Women,ard Ma,
and black Silk Hose, and Hall Hose; white, awned, enl hind
Silk habit and long Gloves; York, Limerick, grain wow,
worsted Gloves; single and double Cotton Up,; Canon
Men's Drawers and Pantaloons, white and striped 1i,4„,
tees, and various other Hosiery Articles ; the whole of wtotii aft
in prime condition.. The greater par: 1,-inE ri•cetitly rureiri,J,
are in ISO for the Trade, and must be sold without the tele
serve.—To be viewed the day previous, and at the time oto,
Ifibell Catalogues, (at 6d. each, returnable to purcliasers,l r.uy
had on the Premises, and of Mr.Champney,
chasers of ‘IOQ and upwards, one per cent. will be allowed,

JUNIPER ESSENCE OF PEPPERMINT, by
HIS ESSENCE is a safe, effectuil, and plea.
PHIS
Remedy in Flatulencies, Gouty amt Cholicky Pal%
in the Stomach and Bowels, Indigestion, Hysterics; Nausea, ,t.
tendant on Pregnancy, Relaxation and Lassitilde arising tram
Atmospheric Heat, want of Appetite, Injuries Irons inclement
Weather, and ;in the spasmo lic affecton of the Stomach ;1,4
Bowels, so common to infants,—adapting the doe-ro dieurgeLci
Of the case. As a Family Medicine, or lor the Army or Nag,
k will be found a valuable acquisition.—Esselace of Pepperitit
is go wen known as a valuable Family Medicine, that :be Foxe.
pal object of this advertisement is to guard purchasers agaiDa
the numerous Counterfeits which are prepared by Draggins,
The only caution J. P. HEATH can give, is to !leg that s•
Heath, Nottingham," Is engraved on the Government Stamp..
Price 25.9 d. and Is. ltd.
Sold by E. Edwards, (Agent to Heath), 66, St. Paul's
yard; Sanger, 150, Osford•street ; Tint, Rcyal Exclungo; lsi
all respectable Dealers in Medicines.

01614LIINE
FNEWBERY and SONS, at the Old Establistisid
: Warehouse fror Dr. James's, and other valuable Medicate;
hiform the Public, that the Prices, hacluding stamps, are as
low; but as spurious preparations are sold by some other Jule;;
all pbrchasers, to avoid imposition, will observe, that the Gems
Warehouse is at the East End of St. Paul's, No. 45, the the
House from Cheapsidt.
Dr. James's Powder 4 9

Analeptic Pills 4 6
Antibilioug ditto it 9

Dr Austin's Chalyb. Qo 4. 0
Dalbea Carminative 1 9
Tonic Pills 4 9

Dr. Sterre's Opodeldee 2 I

Convulsion 011 2 i
Camomile Drops i o

Easton of Coltsfoot 3 1
Nlf sperces Dent& ice 4 0
Lozenges of Blois 1
_ _ _ _

Law ranee's Powder

• 4 6

English Coffee

The Cephalic Snuff 1' lt 1 Pil.Dehau drifts 4 I
Unless the name " F. Newsaav," be engraved in the Emit?,
• the above cannot be genuine. ,
Dr. Hooper's Pills i • it ileory's Magoetio s II
Glass's Magnesia . S 6 Strong Tinct. of Bark 'e 4
Essence of Ginger 2 9 Huaham's dine 3 6
Cheltenham Saks 9 9 Ittgl.sh's Seri* Pips . i ii
Greenough' Tincture. .2 9 I Graat's Cough Drops I 4
---. Tole Lounges 1 1t ; Welsh's Pills , g
Soothing Sprup 2 9 IDr Solander's Tea s S'
Ample allowance will be made upon these and'all ot!.er Me.
diciret of repute for kiportatiun.
DR. CUOPER'S

Al; BOARS, BLACKERIAItSa
• • ROAD. • • • •
THE salutary effect of this. Institution is raaniitst
from the follovring.very oetraordinary case t• • •
London t00th..." John Jackson, of thee tiloratigh of Snub.
mirk, broker, naked*, oattrand stick, that in the year 1811, k
was afflicted with a dangerous disorder, and teas nearly iterates
*mouths ander the care of several respectable Surboenus, witite
obtaining any rbilef. The disease increasing, .andlps life bell
l.daager, was recoannenOed to Dr. Cooper', Media doki,
Charlotte-House, Blackfriiri.road, where the progress of the
disease was immediately stopped, and he was soon restored%
perfect health, which, by the blessing of Goo, he still enjoys
• hereby.dttelaling,that itt.statiag these facts be is influeneed.brei
'other motive than a grateful return for so Ildracillotis cure, iii
the duty he owes to his fellow creatures.
(Signed) " JOHN JACKSON."
• WITNESSES PRESENT.. "..,
' se P. M. Lawreqe, ;tl, Iratkinamstreet. Borough ; Thome
Johnson, 6, Charlotte4treit, Blackfriars-road.
" Sworn at the Mausion.houst..this.ath day of March, 1816,
before me, (Signed.) MATTHEW WOOD, Mayor.
Messrs.COOPER and CO. ate consulted daily by all ranks si
people. from Twelve till`Eight, and claim the attention of thee
who have been improperly treat ed.r—AdviCe gratis en Tecelah
Thursday, and Sunday Mornings, until Twelve detach..
N. B. Two eminent Physicians hare lately joined the Board,
and Medical Gentlemen, who attend with their Patients, an
present daring consultation. .

" Invalitlique patrunt reteratit jejunia tiati,"—Visa.
• ------ Front the taint embrace
. . Unmanly sons arise—a puny race !
1/1 ARRLAGE should be the foundation of social
IVA happtness, which is often disturbed through the parties the
foam the union, not taking those precautions'which would sena
diem the enjoyment of that great *domeetic itheAng. Anr.dc
the melancholy variety of dilorders tinder wbieli human into
is known to suffer, there are none more alarming or.niore de
tressing than those which result from fashionable gaieties, earl
dissipation, or solitary intemperance.
Messrs. CURRIE. all Co: 'beg to state that the .sedulous
tendon 'of a practice delusively directid to the treatment and
cute of CERTAIN COMPLAINTS, entitle them to the chil
of superior acquirement. As regular Surgeons, they olfe'
speedy and 'permanent cure for every stage of that disorder, evliA
is contracted in an unguarded moment, and Which poisons
tit
springs of life, Mid for every class of dehilrty, which is the cut'!•
quenee of juvenile indiscretions, preventing the maturity of rca;•
rood, entailing by anticipation, emits unhappy victim 411 the Ir.
fumitiei of old age7—the body becoming enorvateil and elO
elated—the cheeks yello* 'snit blOodiess —and the mint glocn.f
and dejected. for the tenth' of .their svccess In this pareice
for branch; they reefer. to. that• reputation, which. they c4w•
themselves, they hare Acquired,. by 30 years experlerc.., in a
much extended practjces In slilst and rec...nt caws of Syphilio,.
tic Campkiints, a perfect env is complete..d hi the short periud
two days; and in the Most aggravated cabs, a proper persivera:o
in their plan of treatrisent insures to the patient an Invigorate'
conssitation:, . .. .
Moulted Woipen, who have long been disappointed in tie
elpectad,otis of a family, may be assured that, in most histatces,
inch defects are citable hy medical skill; and though the re.
°anvil of dueli idipedinsents be an object of doubt and tinter:air;
with otheray yet the sure of such defects, by the gradual psi'
tress of renovation, is the acquirement of their experience.
Messrs. CURRIE and CU; may be consulted by Patients
ci
either Sex, with the greatest secrecy and honour, at their house,
No. 107, Hatton-prden. Patients in the country, stating ant
move" and general habit of living, Ike. Btc.. enclosing
tenet far advice and medicines; the same will be given or sent IJ
any pit of the kingdom.-lu7, Hatton-gardene
--LONDON: Printed by Lent KEST, PICITItPIact;
fulalisked there, and 01: the htat•OffiteilllNlPTe Bart
•

• - .411% •
its u tint feelitett thito tWiat Übe'
a die shop,- oist-balleasiag 'to Mr. Martian,
to his son.in.laer, and the third to Mr. Will-
le.taaher, of Loughbortingb, but they escaped
used. Mr. whitest frame is damaged to a
rent Op Mr. Norton's. Beim 'bop. is
.
