the boldness of avowed crime, they have excited the multitude to
mutiny. What have the multitude gained ? The conscription, enor-
mous taxes, the lou of trade, a frightful state of slavery, paper
money destitute of value, and bankruptcy ; these are the effects of
the so much boasted revolution—this is the work of the father of
the people, who came on wooden shoes to the management of public
affairs ; and now, gorged with gold and honours, stained with blood,
though covered with embroidery and stars—discontented with their
fall because they no longer dispose of our fortunes, our lives, and
our liberties ; jealous of what yet remains to u. because, at length,
honour and fidelity have gained some esteem, though they have
received no reward ; and to escape the contempt of honest men, to
get away from the horror they inspire, and the reproaches of their
own consciences, because they restored the tyrant, compromised
the existence of France, sacrificed their own party, and stripped
the army of a glory acquired at the expence of the three millions of
soldiers, they still engage in plots and conspiracies. To put an end
to their criminal intrigues we must employ fetters, executioners,
and executions. Death, death alone can terrify their accomplicer,
and pat an end to their conspiracies. And you will observe, 'Gen-
tlemen, in the history of the revolution, that under the most mode-
rate Governments. the rebellions have been more frequent, while,
under the Convention, under the Sceptre, and the sword of tyrants,
the more dangerous efforts against the tyranny were only able to
collect a small number of conspirators.
" It will only be, Gentlemen, by causing a salutary terror in the
minds of the rebels, that you will prevent their guilty plots ; it will
only be by striking off the heads of their chiefs, and thus breaking
the chain which had connected them at all points, from the cir-
cumference to the centre, that you may separate the factions, and
reduce to their real power that minority which, for 25 years, has
doubled their power by using these means, and by combining all
their efforts. Too long, Gentlemen, redeeed by the appearances
of submission, by some hypocritical seevkes, by protestations
of fidelity, the Government has spared the men whom we have
seen at all the famous epochs of the Revolution, directing its
movements, and sharpening its poignards. And observe, Gen-
tlemen. that this cunning proceeding, always seen, never was
stopped, because this odious sect always was able to place its agents
in the vicinity of power ; and generally the depositaries of autho-
rity. they have been able skilfully to turn the vengeance of the
conqueror front the heads of the most guilty, giving thus the ex-
ample of clemency, in order to profit by it in their turn. Thus the
Revolution has been always perpetuated, and threatens to be per-
petuated, till the sanguinary giants who support it on their powerful
shoulders disappear from the scene, before a new generat.on, edu-
cated in their principles, shall have inherited their power and their
hypocrisy." Then sketching a short history of the sanguinary
scenes of the Revolution, M. de la Boardonnaye went on. " Pre-
vent, Gentlemen, fresh misfortunes—put an end to madness,
which knows no bounds. The enemy whom you have offended is
implacable; arm yourself against hint with the sword of justice,
and, defenders of humanity, shed some drops of blood to save tor-
rents. Renieinber, that if the must virtuous of Kiev, had struck cff
a few heads, the blood of three millions of Frenchmen would not
have been spilled, and that we should yet have been the most
powerful people of the universe. If you turn aside the sword
suspended over their criminal heads, the boldness of the con-
spirators will i , as the courage of good men fails, and a
dreadful catastrophe will overwhelm the country, and horrify
all future ages. But I bear your murmurs. You tremble with
indignation—you blush at the indolence in which you indulge,
and raise yourselves above the feeble considerations opposed to
you. Arm yourselves with vigour, and you will not cease to
strike this hydra till you have cut off its hundred heads, and
annihilated its body, as hideous as powerful." The orator then
proceeded to point out the principal criminals. " They are (be
said) the Generals, the Commandants of towns, the Prefects, who,
giving the signal of revolt, passed before March 23d, into the camp
of the Usurper, hoisted his flag, executed his orders, or left the posts
assigned them, or in any manner opposed or attacked the Govern.
went which has appointed them to places of trust and defence—
and those wbo dared to pursue the troops that remained faithful to
the King, and were not ashamed to turn their arms against their
Sovereign or his own territory, or against the members of his au-
gust family." The orator then abused those persons, at consider-
able length, as monsters, who had employed the lives Which the
clemency of the King had spared, and arming themselves anew
against the Government, had accepted office under the Usurper,
and prosecuted the most clement of Monarchs by signing the 4d-
aitional Act. You will not suffer, Gentlemen, that such Minister*
should pollute the French territory. Pardoned by the Charter,
they again became rebels, and by that crime solely merited death.
" I think it would be right to except from the Amnesty—
" First—Those men who, employed in administrative or mili-
tary functions, have occupied places which constitute the Go-
vernment.

" Secondly—The Generals, the Commandants of Towns, and the
Prefects who served the Usurper before March 23.
" Thirdly—The regicides who served the Usurper in a military,
civil, or judicial capacity, accepting places from hlm, or who signed
the Additional Act of the Empire.
" Perhaps it will be objected that by this clasdlication solos
great criminals will escape ; I answer, that the men designated in
the three classes have evidently been guilty of rebellion ; that they.
are for this punishable by death ; that we shall not do any injustice
to them by bringing them up for judgment, for every rebel has
merited this fate."

11. de is Buurdonnaye then stated his :castles for supposing that
another large class should be placed under the surveillance of the
Yee, and his reasons for not introducing such a providon in the
proposal for a law of amnesty. Leaving to the Chamber the duty
of axing precisely the point where the national severity ought to
stop, he submitted the following

" PROJECT OF LAW.
" Article I.—Full and entire amnesty is granted to those who
directly or indirectly took part in the conspiracy of Marsh I, both
for deeds anterior to the rebellion of that period. and for thaw
which were performed down to July S. the day of the King's re-
turn to Paris.

" Article IL—An exception from this Amnesty—
" 1. The possessors of great administrative or military places
who constituted the Government of the Usurper, which places
shall be determined by the Chamber.
" 2. The Generals, Commandants of towns, and of turps, the
Prefects who went over to the U-urper, heisted his Bag. or eve,
cuted his orders, or committed acts of violence against the Iced,
mate authority till a period Jilted by the Chamber. -
"3. Regicides who have given up their amnesty: by scalding
places under the Usurper, or by sitting in the two Chambers, tie by
signing the Additional Act.
" Article Ill.—The individuals designated by the Ist and .24
paragraphs of Article IL shall be arrested and tried by sample*
Courts; anal if the facts are proved, punish.; with death, ace's&
ing to the 87th Article of the Penal Code.
" 4. The individuals mentioned in the 3J paragraph alien alsalo.
arrested and tried, and if the facts are proved they shall be trans.,
ported.
" S. The revenues of the property belonging to dime who am
contumacious shall be sequestered. deposited is She anthill/814
and nut given to their families till atter the period preweffileffiffir
the law for presuming that the absent are dead; and with the des
duction of the expence of management, &e."
From the Journal des Debatt of Friday.
PARIS. Atm. 21. '
The Ministry professes moderation, and already some of its
greatest friends reproach it highly with its too great patience.
They request it on their knees co display a little violence; it is re-
minded ut its origin, of its promises, of the confidence which the
Absolutists of all countries place in it. Vain prayers! The Minis-
try will be mild, moderate, and humane, in spite of its friends and
its enemies. As yet, M. Mangin has not discovered a conspiracy.
The Moisiteur is silent. If they spealt its London of the augmen-
tation of the Chamber of Deputies, is this M. de Pollgtwe's fault?
CM it be suppo-ed that the articles oc The news are drawn up at
his office, and, being unable to speak here for hi.,ea, he sends his
words to the other side of the Channel, and they return to us
dressed up a eilaglaies?
From the Constitutionnel:
PARIS, Auc. 21.
Never did men, qn accepting power, excite against them hutch
sleet and uriiversa) hatred as the present Ministers. The *spin-. ,
n whkhlfai taken Plae tot 'kris has extended to the Depart-
its;- and even to the nations Wlin dread that surope.shetdd.
it the theatre of War and revolutions. The ' beer
nothing to dissipaic this storm, They banebc ender
`NA. • ali
t hi* eves
.4isavn- ' the ' . the

NisiectS ,
beep eiSeit to
-
. .4isavaped .it deed, Auld-
rebo iteriboted to them. &log oriabit to impose; onose4, qa
r PruPiri the! can antY tribe, as take sum desperate furs.. The:
Intr.
is comiitinat4 by their *tacit £!4 &be. latertit ,ot do
. . . •
