•
06111/4.,
N
4'
-

826,

..

TO UR SOLD BY PRIVATE' CONTRACT,
A CAPITAL FREEHOLD HOUSE, No. )51.
STRAND, dose to Somme* Howe, and running back to
the Legacy Olice, containing a loge front Shop and back Office,
Kitchen and extens/ve Cavite implontosik • lolly Dining Itwin
and Dia;eing Room, and Mambo, sidle First Floor; Si: Red
Rooms, and Attics above.
Fur turthec Particulars, apply to Mr. lifseray, Surveyor and
Land Agent, 61, St. Maitin's-lano,'Strand.Akillise to Ise post paid.

CHEAP arid Good Pianofot tas and Pedal HArps--•
Second Hand, equal to New. A Cabinet Pianoforte for
311 guineas, worth 60 guineas; a beautiful inlaid Cabinet in rose-
wood, 00 gojneas, shop price $5 guineas ; capital square Pianoforte,
25 guineas; new double action Harp, £l2O for BO guineas ; single
action 43 guineas, cost 75 guineas ; late the property of Ladies; at
J. WATLIN'S, 13, Leicester-place.

ASOLDIER'S ALBUM; or, SKETCHES ALL
OVER. THE WORLD, •is this day published, by
PORES, i i Piccadilly, in post two. hut-p , with a fronds-
piece, coloured, price Ss. boards.

Also, just published, • • - - • -
PORES'S LADIES' rOILEVIII COMPANTON, and
Wardrobe of. Fashion, whercin every Dress is displayed that bas
been worn for the last twenty years, or that can be composed for
fifty years to come; in eik vols. nioroceo bias, coptainhig Ave
plates, each beautifully coloured; 15a. tech vbl.
N.B.—Sold separately.

This day is published,
In Five Volumes 12mo. price .C 1 ICis.
DEEDS OF THE OLDEN TIME, a Romance,
By ANN of SWANSEA,
Author of Guilty or Not Guilty, Conviction, %mina's a Riabh
Gonzalo di Baldivla, &c.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Maws S.

Lord STOWELL presented Petitions from several Hundreds',
the County•of Bedford against any alteration in the Corn Laws.
Laid on the table.
The Earl of LIMERICK said, thakikere had been as yet se
Petitions from IreLsod•against sit Se corn Laws, because k
was understood that his Ma' ''s lentildetet 1,111111111111.
any measure on the .subject llllll IMMO off* Oramet.lipe.
stem. When the proper time' 'MN, their IdeaWps Midi
see their table loaded with Petitions from the Sister Country.
Earl SPENCER presented a Petition from Wellingborough,
praying for the Abolition of Slivery.,-Laid ea 11111 Web
Earl GROSVENOR corrected a solseeptensiballg, of what be
"ted stated yeellidey, whilst presenting PettliosilliMM liellwrish*s
iazs
IllargereTa and St. John's West ear-bait-
He appesled to their Leedships,w=illedlitspoken any
bet what ins in approbation of that Mats which sought
to protect animals must *reeky, and of she. ifilibillplsked intik'-
, dual by whom it bad been so highly promoted..., then inquired
04
whetter it was the Intentoi of a Noble Earl to lay beat
the House any documents to show the progress wMek some
Colonies had made in giving effect to the nodolielletlent et
Ms Majesty's Order in Coundi. • ,
Earl BATHURST replied, that he intended to kap..en
Lordships' table Copies of all the Reports and Correlpandettel
which had taken place on that subject with the Colunki during
eite
the last and the present year.
Mr. Beams and others, from the Commons, brought up the
iheestissory Notes Bill, the Prisons Regulation Bill, and several
Private Bills, which were read a Mrst time.
' On the motion of the Earl of LIMIRPOON the PreniksorY Notes'
-111Etese read a first time. His Lordship then said, that be bed
Imuteled to fit Friday dext for the second reading of that Bill, but
limit, received an. intimation from a Noble Mind who gave
,Ilmeida attention to the subject, that he feared he should not be well
etwegh to attend on that day, he should appoint the second=
terr Monday next, and move that the Lords be summoned.
Earl NATHU LIST moved that a message be sent to the Cam.
,OMNI dishing a toefereoge with them in the painted Chamber, to
!itessteefieste to them the preceediap of their Lordships. Ordered.-
,After a short time, the Deputy Usher of the Black Rod
the Bar, and• announced that the Commons wire ill w
to Painted Chamber. The following Peers were then op
pflistual to menage the roulette*: ...
1 Ws Built Hie. limey the IN Ifs, of pLOVCILITIII. the Marquis of.
140911103w5, tbir Lurk of SWART/SIMON BAT/WAS?, Gamesome, Ls-
ittoiook, Viscount Meter and Wien, and the Bishop of Libmisilt•
'No Duke of OLOUCHSTSR (at the suture OW/ Disputa( •
stated that they had held.. emsfereece with the Coothions in tin,,
Alibied Chamber, ind bed emanniunicated to them their Lordshtps
cour.orrentrin. the ReAlutigne,whicia had beqn submitted to them
by the Cenutons.—Adjourned.

*PaicE SEVEilliCt.

HOLISE OF COMHONS,
Mr. HUSK ISSON presented a Petition from the Merehants
and Traders of die town of Liverpool, against the Usury 'AIM....
Ordered to be printed,
The same Right Hon. Member presented a Petition from the
`tame place, praying that an Act might be passed requiring!** MOM
of all Co.partners (whether of Joint Stock Companlee, or any este-
blishment) tot* registered. Tiv Right Hoe. Member dine* such
"an Act as the one demanded by the Pelideeers wield be of sarrke
Ito the piddle in general; for. owing to the present state id the
laws, if aay partner of a fin* were sued, and great attention was
not paid to th:i name of the individual, the party very often escaped
Sy a misnomer.—Laid on the table. •
Mr. H USK ISSO N also presented a Petition from the Landlords
of the same town, praying for a repeal of the Landlord and Tenant
Alm The Petitionem, he said, complained of tfje di/leaky of
.ejectin2, a tenant under the present Act. In many cases after the
due legal notice bad been given the tandrord was obliged to have
recourse to legal proceedings, which in the end beanne expendve.
Alderman WOOD stated that it cost a beaked the sum of 101.
at die least to eject a woman under tke minting Aes.--Ordered so
be printed.
Mr. S. RICE gave notice, that who the Irish Vestries' Act
was mad again, he should *trainee a donee to empower Pro.
*maim to impose asseimienes for the weed= of Roman eptielie•
ClVlestilen bidge ME west &Nigh a Csandttety alt the
Report was ordered te-he brought up to-atertow.
Mr. HUSK ISSON begged Wave to pompom the. notion *ink-
Select Committee on the Irish Butter Trade, or
absence .of the Han. Member (Mr. -amide* Giesetawril='
given pock. of his intention to move the embodying a. elliimighe
on that *Abject.
Mr. H. DRUMMOND brought in a BM to repeal the Ail se.
the Scotch Parliament 1514, C. 165, and 1594, c. 209. 666014611,/
Mundt mad Battery, pmeinile liss.—Read a first time.
Mr. ELLIS brought in a BM usamend the Asti Seth Gem .1111..
vesting in Ms Majesty-parts of the grounds and bylaw belonging
to the Society of Kift's hin. Dublin, for the purging of ereelbeg •
tikereon a repository ke Peddle Records.—Read a Si* time.
Mr: J. M ARTIN mewed fora return of the deanninialb te'
Bankruptcy in ficadireds stating the account of dim eat peldiift •
Ind those not preneeded against, within the awestlkwiEnlierat. •
Mr. S. RICE hroeght up a Report on the essamdmile of an
Act passel hst„Sessien rehnlag to Joint Stock Osempaulem-Laid
on the table. - • ' • •
Si, W. GUISE. presided a Petition from the labdelbee. of
the town of Clifton, for a repeal of the House and Hiniusi Itina
Ordered to be printed. •
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented two Petarttliems • Wel-
lington and another town in Somersetshite, deeney..—
Ordered to be printed.
' Mr. HUSKISSON presented a similar Pet fruit: do •
Congregations of the Dissenting Protestant Ministers of the urn
of 'Chalfont, in Gloucestetsfilre, spinet slaverY.4.oiikred to be
printed. -
Sir W. H. JOHNSTONE presented a Petition'filom the tree- -
holders of :the county of Beacom, against slavery.—. tiered to boa
printed. ,
Mr. F. BUXTON moved for a return of the estept of Slave
Population in the Colonies, including the Blatriliius and' lint
Honduras.--Ordered.
A Petition Was presented from the county of notarise, in See} •
land, against any alteration in the Currency of that esuntry. '
A Message having been sent. by the Lords requesting a Codger-
ence with the House, Mr. Iftexesson and attend whet fidiffiere
obeyed the summons. Mr. Hesitunon on his return frees the
Conference, informed the House that Ateir • Lordelfps'ta~tt~ ear
Wined the Resolutions, bpd dedred him to exposes to the
their entire concurrence with them On the subject.

*ANN AZWA11:0•11. •
Mr. HUSKISSON, in rising to move for leave in
bring in the Bill for which he had given notice, acid .t
would be in the readlection of the House that Apra bis
Right Hen. Friend stated that the Bank bad consisted
to advance money upon goods; they expressed a hope
that the new law of Merchant and Factor would toe
allowed to tome into operation to protect them vein*
lasses which might arise out of these transactions. be
therefore proposed now to bring in a Bill providing*,
that any goods upon which the Bait shall hive made*
advances during the present crisis, shall be considered st
pledge to the Bank. although they nsght only balreiseva
consigned to the party to whom those advances bad been
made. He meant, that where certain symbol: of owner.
ship were produced, and the party held the peoperty,
that his act should .be binding on the real owners.
When Exchequer Bills were advanced under a Con..
mission in 1793, the advances carte protected' by try
provision in.the Act similar to that which he now pro-
'posed. There was in that case a departure frost thelaw
of the land, and all they proposed to do now was, to
accelerate the time at which the new law would come
into operation. Upon such goods as were held by the
Cdmmissioners, they had a preference before any other
lien, and it was intended to give the same advantage to
the Bank now. He should not detain the House with
any further observations on the measure, bat be would
merely state what he was sure the House week bear
with the greatest satisfaction. This arrangement for ad-
vancing money upon grads was only made Isis Tuesday
last, and on Friday the Bank had made arrangements
With the deputation from Manchester; ou S'aitteday 4of
[ they also arranged with the denotation from Giarrows
and since that he understood that the denounce kora
Leeds had also satisfactorily accomplished their object
and returned home. The assistance thus afforded, bad
given perfect satisfaction ti all those Nudes, and would
enable them to keep their manufacturers in a state of
employment. He had seen all these deputations, and
it was impossible that men could be impressed with a
mote reasonable and correct view of the state in which
they were unfortunately placed, and of the cases which - •
had led to their present situation. This being the cave;
they were not disposed to undertake more work at
present than would enable their labourers to subsist,
and thus the present over-stocked state of the usasket
would speedily subside; and in a short period he hoped
to see dre transactions of commerce tonging id their
usual channel, without requiring any further supfott
from artificial credit. He really believed, from wh it
he had heard that ds7, that a great improvement had
already been effected in the districts to which this relief
had been applied. He did not know what the natU'e.
of the arrangements were—nobody could know but the
parties themselves, and it was not proper that ar.y
others sbQuld know them. But he could stare %viol
confidence w the House, that the Gentlemen co mposin
those deputations had espressed the utmost satisfaction
at the kindness and liberality with which they had
been treated by the Bank, and that they felt no
culty of reluctance in accepting the accommodation
through the Bank, Having stated the benefit which had
already accrued to the manufacturers from the °perdition
of the measure, he should detain the House selonger,
but should be ready to cffer any explanation that
slot hereafter be required. The Right Honourable Gentlen..s'
concluded by moving fur tears to bring in a Bill to facilitate tr..:
Amities advances of money upon goods deposited in the hands of the'
Weenies and Company of the Bank of Ragland.
Mr. 1. $3lllll expressed his full and mire concurrence in tbs'
measure.

• •
. 6
p/W 4.'01..t1ie •Ith• iNt- V
. .
„ .
. • ai . -.7,0' all:11W 44.:: 14
. . .
I.
/ 7.
-1.47:::. AP"
.• - . ..
... .
. .. (9. ~-2. % . • 4 ' '
•
. .4 .. •
•••.it . ' i J.j... :.t-•' • .- • mot .. • s' e• : :-• .. -, 1••••‘; - filf..'• •. _ . ,
( . • ,- •
oa.Ls.. . ••
~ .. -*: . + irr: ‘ ..6llzo .:r.., t: •0/I ( A
-lit
i iieW . , d 4
e.. '4. .4._ '... -4 --; • • •- 4 • -
