FROM THE BOSTON PAPER OF JULY 10.

CtrEA.—Since the anal establishment ef a :erara!e
Government in Mexico, and the recognition by 6:e
United States of the independence of Colombia,
Buenos Ayres, Chili, and other nations who shall be
able to maintain their liberty, we have received rt.-
peated intimations of a disposition of the people
Cuba to change their situation ; we have even heard
that discussions have taken place among certain en-
lightened inhabitants of the island, whether, in ease
they cut asunder the ties binding them to Spain, they
will unite with the Empire of Mexico, or form a
connexion with the United States of America.

The new Emperor, lturbide, is understood to be op-
posed to the continuance of slavery in all its forms;
and this illumination of his n:ind is viewed by the
slaveholders of Cuba as boditr, no good to them in
case of an union.

We observe that more troops are ordered out from
Spain to succour Morales, in the Sl;ani.ll Main, and
the money is to be supplied from Cuba. The inha-
bitants of Havannah, St. Jago, Principe, and the
other important towns, have but little specie to spate.
Indeed, notwithstanding a recent official contradic-
tion of the existence of any rebellious sentiments in
Cuba, we observed in one paper a letter from Matan-
zas to this city, indicating the marked exteut of the
revolutionary spirit.

FROM CARACCAS, JUNE is.
a REPUBLIC OF COLUMBIA, MAY tn.
" TO TUE INTENDANT OF VENEZUELA.

" This morning I received by post, from the Secretary o!. Staze
and of the Department of War, the following communir. tun,
" I have the greatest satisfaction in informing you, that i
Excellency the Liberator President has gained a complete
tory over the enemy of Quito. The battle was fought on the
7th of April last, on the heights of Cariaco: the battle was
bloody, and the loss considerable; for the enemy, who besides
being deprived of their General-in-Chief, 11Iurgeon, by his death,
saw the flower of their troops perish. On our side. we know
that General Torres, and Lieutenant-Colonel J. Paris, were
wounded. " LINO DE CLEMENTI.'"

CARACCAS, SAME DATE.

Important intelligence has just reached us that tl:e
army of General Morales in Coro has been com-
pletely destroyed, and that he, in a fit of despera.; ,:J,
shot himself with a pistol. I believe, howe%cr, lie
must have been killed in the action.

By a Leeward Island Mail, we have receive.] '-
tigua Papers to the middle of June. The folhy.vilig
are extracts :

- FROM THE PAPER OF MAY 28.

The brig Albion, Potts, from Bermuda, bona,' to
this island, was lost on a reef off Anguilla, c3lled 0:e
Prickly Pear, at two o'clock A.M. on the 21.4 tilt.—
The vessel went down so suddenly after striking, that
it was with difficulty the crew saved their lives.
