REFUGE FOR THB DESTITUTE.

The Half-yearly General Court of the G,overnorfi of Li -s
Institution was held on Thursday, at tl:e Male
anent, Holton, EDWARD Fosssra, Seq. Treasurer, in It e
Chair.

The Rev. %V. F. Vance, Smeltery, ant! Chaplain, rt:td
the Report of the Committee, chic h staled th:4,. in cm,
ducting the business of the Refuge, it e Committee
continued to keep in mind that the pr. maty object of
the Postititrion au the moral and tel Riot s re-forma.
tion of young persons intrusted to thtir e. re ; to this
end their efforts had been principally dir.cted, and they
trusted, under the Davie E blessing, mi without coc-
sidenable success. The admission of ohj, eta drying the
lut six niorrhs, which had been limited to •he tante
description of persons as heretofore, was as 'eel ws :--
Adotiasion of males fro•te January 31 to Jurc 30. 1831 ;
convicted and judge eat respited, 4 ; trom the Douse et
Correction. 15; from Surrey Asylum. 1 ; front Ma,elstone
Gaol, 5; from Brigivon, 2; from Read•o?, I—to al, 211.
Discharged to he apprenticed, 12 ; to go to sea. 2 ; to the
Comities aimechanies. 2 ; other employments, 3; incorrigi-
ble, 2; absconded, 5 ; illness. 1 ; at their own request, 7
total, discharged. 34 ; leaving 99 inmates of the tuale
establishment. The state of the female Lranch was as
follows :--Admitted from the 31st of January to June ;
From the Old Bailey, 3 ; front the Itlegistrau s of Woe.
ship-street, 2; ditto of Lambeth- street, I ; Deptford. I ;
criminals not prosecuted, 14; House of Corrrcion 10;
Borough Gaol, 1 ; Totbilfiehls I ; B ixton. 1 ;
atone, ; the 11entlicity Society, 1— twal, received, 37.
Discharged to go to service, 21 ; to their parents, 13 ; st
their own request, 5; to their parishes, I ; to the Peni•
tentiary 1, died 1, absconded I—total discharged 43; Low
remaining in the institution 63. The total number of malea
received from the commencement, in the year 18(15. Witt
1,772; females 2,188, making together 3.960. The incoere
of the last six moaths was te ,3321. 12e. 1 Id. of whirl
6741. 6s. 10d. gm produced by the labour of the males, at
7061. 16s. 7d. by the females. The expenditure sat
3,0571. 9s. 2d. leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of
1,1741. 16.. 3d. which, added to an old balance, le ft tie in.
stitution 3,4041. 3s. Gd. in debt. It was also stated that :ha
subscribers had fallen off considerable, and were it not :t r
the annual parliamentary grant of 3 0001. the jostler; ion
would not be able to exist.

The Rev. J. A 211113 moved the adoption of die report,
which was seconded by the Rev. D. 11 I 1.L1A318, and una-
nimously agreed to. After which, thanks king vcad to the
Chairman, the meeting separated.

The thermometer in Essex on Wednesday and
Thursday the 27th and 28th instant, was above
80 deg. and the barometer up nt 30. 20. tt ith
N.W. wind; the almost calm, which is very re-
markable, however, is, that during the prevalence
of the present 'anew', vegetation 68 entirely
ceased, and there is little or no good fruit—a cir-
cumstance which shews how much atmcsplieve is
concerned in its production.

ell ELMSTO D RACES. Itaccs
took piece on Tuesday, Wednesday, and today
(Thursday). They have been very badly attended
this year, and though the running was good, yet
there were very few persons on the ground the
first day compared with former )ears. The leal
cause of this was the vast extent to which an in-
flammatory epidemic prevails in Essex, ty which
prudent people are kept at home. Ihe mutt effi-
cient remedy has been found to be low dkt and
opening medicine; but it is certain also that those
who are racist in the open air bidet the most tic -
verely, the cause being entirely it the air, or
prevailing tnaladia. Dr. Forsterloss just published
a Treatise on this subject, in which lie has trAreoll
the course of numerous epidemics over the country.

SUPPLEMENT.IAY EDI I lON
OF THE DIAILIN MORNING rosT•
THIIRSTAY, TEN OTEOEI.

MU ',LINDAR. ASSIZES.
T C A STLEPOLLA RD AF FA I It-- tCQUITTAL
OF ALL THE PRISONERS.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 27.
His Lordship, who had left the Court at the
ielitracted hour of eight o'clock this morning, after'
a most fatiguing night of business, returned at a
quarter to three o'clock in the afternoon, and almost
iminedintely after taking his seat on the bench,
sent •in for the Jury, who had by this time been
locked up nearly nine hours, having retired shortly
after six o'clock the same morning. On coming
in, the Jury intimated to his Lordship that they
had no difficulty whatever in agreeing as to their
finding ' (for acquittal) in the case of Richard
Meares ; but there existed a very material differ-
tilt e of opinion hi all the other cues.
His Lordship then requested to make a few ob-
etavations, and addressed them as follows: —So far
..s I remember the observations I made to you this
ii el ieng, I do not perceive that there can be much
!relind for occasioning any considerable difference
of (pinion amongst you. I conceive that there
e two points of view under which the case
may be considered. The first is, whether the
tiring on the first occasion was a justifiable act. I
will not say that over this part of the case a very
great deal of obscurity may not bang ; but I recol-
lect that I made the observation to you, that I had
a strong leaning on my mind, tl.at the first firing
might, very fairly, bo c.inei,ie:ed justifiable—
meaning, gentlemen, to convey this to you, at
least, that upon the whole of the evidence relating
to the circumstances, of the value of which you
alone aro the proper judges, a doubt might not be
raised in your minds as to whether a justifiable'
provocation were not given sufficient to warrant the
first firing ; and then, gentlemen, it would be for
you to call to your recollection the well-known
principle of crown law, that where a doubt exists
*Ton the minds of a jury, the prisoners are en-
titled to the benefit of it, because every ground
of doubt, is a ground for acquittal. Whether
:he first firing were a justifiable act will depend
on the necessity which the circumstances of the
ease imposed upon the prisoners to have recourse
to such an act of violence, as was unhappily the
occasion of such results as it produced ; and that
it is a question I could not take upon myself
without encroaching on your province. That
'such an act might be conceived justifiable upon
niiiitary principles of tactics, provided the circum-
stances detailed are admitted as correct. I am not
stitiicientlY versed in such matters to be enabled to
decide,end do not pretend to know such affairs. But
this I do know, that it is an admitted axiom of
reilitary maneuvering not to suffer an enemy to
erproach too close upon them ; if then the people
vNT acting in such a way as might lead the po-
lice to suppose that they intended to get so near
them as would give the people an advantage as
a-sailants, when they opened right and left upon
the police, as was stated by one of the witnesses,
that would be a strong ingredient in leading you
to the conclusion that the first firing was justi-
fiable, I admit a serious question would remain for
your decision, that is, whether the circumstances
which warranted the first act of firing, con-
tinued so as to require on the part of the police
course to such violent measures of assistance
and attack as that adopted by them. With respect
to the firing, you will recollect it was stated by one
of the witnesses, and not controverted, that there
were 60 rounds fired in about 3 minutes. Now it
occurs to me that the firing of 50 or 60 shots from
the number of persons stated to have fired at a
time, three or four, and loading three times, could
only have been effected by very well disciplined
and alert troops indeed, in such a time as was
stated ; and it is not to be wondered at that perfect
accuracy could not be expected on such a point, as
under the circumstances no man would think of
looking at his watch to ascertain the matter.—
Why do I make this observation, to show that the
longer the time the firing is stated to have con-
tinued, the more it is incumbent upon the prisoners
to show in their defence, that the same circum-
stances which made it necessary to fire in the first
instance, continued to the time of the second firing;
and you are to consider, whether under the state
of apprehension and peril in which it is stated by
same of the witnesses the police were placed in,
they could be supposed as competent to judge
orrectly as to the diminution of danger with
Lich they were threatened to the exact mo-
ment when it would be safe or necessary they
sliJuld desist from firing. Now, e-hen you recol-
lect the number of times which it is stated the
police fired, you will consider whether it could have
occurred in five minutes ; therefore it would not be
going beyond probability to suppose that they
might have taken 5 minutes longer, making it,
say, 10 minutes—and I say if the original act of
firing was justifiable, and its continuance not greater
than 5 minutes more, perhaps it is not going too
far to make the whole time extending over the
entire transaction, 10 minutes, no great addition to
the time of the first firing, supposing you are of opi-
nion that it was a justifiable act. These are obser-
vations coming from me, rather than as directions
coming from the Bench, which would be an in-
fringement on your privilege so to direct you—
but the main question for your finding, is one upon
which there is a conflicting testimony, and there-
fore it would be outstepping my province, if I
were to encroach upon yours by giving you any
directions. other than those intended to assist in
guiding you to determine, where you may have to
labour with du. bts. If it should appear to you
that it was obvious to the police, that the people
were evidently retreating when they continued
to fire upon them, then it was clear your ver-
dict should be one of guilty, but there is evi-
dence that the throwing stones by the people
at the police was coutemporaneous with
their firing upon the people—and there is still fur-
ther evidence that the the owing stones outlasted the
firing. Then I have also said, that toward,: justi-
fying the commencement of the firing, it is neces-
earythat the resistance should be of such a com-
plexion and degree, as sufficient to justify the
repelling it by fire arms. It is a maxim of the
crown law, as I have already told vou, that every
ground for doubt is ground sufficient for an acquit-
tal ; and if you are of opinion that the resistance
by the people was commensurate with the point of
duration by the police, then clearly your duty is to
acquit the prisoners.
The Jury then withdrew, and at twenty minutes
to six
.returned with a verdict of acquittal for all
the prisoners given them in charge.

The following of the number were then put for-
ward:
James Mills and Peter Blake were indicted for the man-
slaughter of Patrick Duignan.
The prisoners pleaded Not Guilty.
John Todd and Peter Blake were then indicted for the
manslaug;tter of Mary Kiernan.
The prisoners pleaded Not Guilty.
Peter Blake, James Mills, Robert Gardiner, and John
Campbell, for the manslaughter of Mary Neile.
The prisoners pleaded Not Guilty.
Peter Blake, James Mills. and Robert Gardiner, for the
manslaughter of Patrick AP Corms&
The prisoners pleaded Not Guilty.
Richard Meares and Peter Blake for the manslaughter of
John Slenvin.

The prisoners pleaded not guilty.
Samuel Hall was indicted for the manslaughter of Peter
Ledwith. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and stated that
he was ready for his trial.
Mr. Sergeant Pennefather said, that the Crown
in regard to the case of Hall, did not desire to
bring it on at present, but postpone it to the next
pssizes. As there was no charge of murder, but
of manslaughter only, the Crown would not oppose
the prisoner being admitted to bail.
The Court—That is a matter of course, and now the
only question is as to the amount of the ball.
The bail was then arranged at two sureties in each 201.
and the principal 401.
In the case of the other prisoners indicted as
above, the Jury was informed that there was no
evidence against the prisoners—a verdict of ac-
quittal was accordingly returned, and the prisoners
discharged by proclamation, which concluded the
business of the present Assizes.
'I he most prevalent opinion here as to the feeling
amongst the Jury is, that nine wero for the ac-
quittal, and three on the other side. The town, as
usual, thin and tranquil.

PANORAMA OF TILE BRITISH
EMPIRE.

DUBLIN MORNING POST, Jul 26.
DOCTOR DOYLE'S LrTTEa TO SPRING RlLL—This
enlightened Divine, so much and so falsely calumniated by
Lord Farnham, in the admirable work which occasioned the
overflowing of bile in the noble lord, describes the improve-
ment of the public feeling in Ireland (p. 41) with singular
force and eloquence. We extract the following short pas-
sage But as the people of this nation multiplied, they
waxed strong. They caught a glimpse of knowledge, as
Moses saw the Deity whilst It passed by, and the multitude,
warmed and invigorated by it, overthrew and broke down
that fortress of corruption which had held than so long en-
slaved. This popular might, operating upon Parliament,
has bid a new order of things to arise in Ireland. The Go-
vernment is already more than half emancipated from the
slavery of corruption—the courts of justice aro being gradu-
ally purified—the boards and public offices are every whom
cleared, or clearing out—peculation is now obliged to week
in secret—public moneys are now accounted for—jobs, to
pass current, must be highly varnished—and a decree,
though not yet published, has gone forth against the evil
deeds of grand juries. Nay, it is even allowed to tell the
world, that the Irish church establishment must yield to
common sense and public interest ; and that it is too revolt.
ing to allot the tenth of the lands and produce of the most
fertile but poorest nation in Europe to a clergy, whose fol-
lowers do not amount to even a tithe of the people. There
is, finally, a tribunal already established by public opinion
in Ireland, and though it may not yet be formally recog-
nised as the custes ma runt. or winded injuriaruns of the
country, it undoubtedly already exercises the powers and
privilege of a supreme court."
This, then, is the man denounced by Lord Farnham as a
conspirator, if the speech attributed to his lordship be cor-
rect. Had the country many such conspirators, Ireland
would be happier and richer than she is.
BARON SMITH'S CHARGE.We have derived no small
degree of instruction and of pleasure from the perusal of
the luminous and constitutional charge of this enlightened
and excellent Judge. How dire must be the infliction upon
the minds of some amongst the Wexford Grand Jury from
its perusal—how much resembling a sentence of condemnation
does it appear, contrasting and defining as It does, in a man.
not not to be misunderstood, the duties of a "Grand" and
a " Petit" Jury.
A PROTESTANT CLIRGYMAII APPEALING AGAINST
• VESTRY ASSISSMENT !—At the Thomastown Sessions,
which terminated on Friday last, was tried an appeal aaggaaitnst
the assessment at the last vestry, for the parish of Knock.
topher. The Rev. 11. Hamilton, the Rector of the parisb,wae
Chairman of the vestry, and the Rev. Hercules' Langdahe,
as a gentleman having property in the parish, and paying
church tax, appealed against the assessment of 1641. 2a. 10d
amounting to about bd. per acre, for a countgrish.
Quern—How many Protestants in it 11r. Lan de-
clared in Court, that in lodging the appeal he was actuated
solely by a desire to obtain justice from his fellow-parish-
ioners, and a wish to uphold the sacred character of religion,
and of the Protestant Church, on which disgrace was
brought by such acts as this. The assessment was set aside
altogether, in consequence of informalities in the notices
for the vestry, and thus was prevented the exposure which
would have taken place, had each item been Investigated by
the Court.— Kilkenny Journal.
JULY 93.—There is little of any description of grain M
market, and prices r.re quoted nominally. A few barrels of
new beer were brought in on Thursday and yesterday, which
brought fair prices. Wheat 21s per 20 stone ; barley
(new beer) per 111 ditto; oats 12.2 d to las per 14 ditto;
feeding oats, las 9d per barrel.
FLoun.—The sales for the week amounted to 16814 cwt.
(or 11441 bags) at an average of 195 bid per cwt. for tie
flour. We have no alteration to note in primes I. Ise
quality, Ifis to 21s; 2d ditto, 17s to 19s; boassiold,
12s to I6s ; 3d quality 5s to 85; oatmeal, 13s 6d to 14.
per cwt.
BUTTER.—To merchants, 765. 745. 70s, 665, 620, 68a,...
To the country, 67.035, 61s, 575, 535, 435; Firkins, le
5d ; Kegs, IP.
WHISK ET.-6s 7d per Irish gallon.
Market hides. 341 to 36s per cwt; salted do.
37s to 42. per ditto ; market calf skins, 3d to 4d per lb;
salted do. 3d to ld per do; dried calf skins, 6d to 8d per
do; salted kips 4d to ,;id per ditto; veal skins, 4d to 4ed
per do.
Fresh butter, fid to 9d per lb ; beef, 4d to 6d per lb ;
mutton. 3d to 5d per ditto ; veal, 6d to ld per do ; pork, 2d
toad per do.
Old hay 37s to 70s; new ditto, 'sos per ton; straw, 24s
to 49s pa 11'.
New potatoes. 4d to tid ; old ditto, 3d to fid per weight
of 21 lbs.
Woot..—The price of wool is rather stationary, from 13,1
6d to 14s. for good conibing pat cels ; clothing South Down,
from las to I6s ; and Merino, well washed. bring from 16s
to 17s per stone.
MGR\ LNG REGISTER, July 26.
GRAND SHAM FIGHT IN THI PMENII PARIo•43II
turday the different guards throughout the city and ha
vicinity were relieved at an early hour, preparatory to a
grand field day, of which, we believe, the inhabitants of
Dublin had no previous intimation. At half-past two o'clock
the following regiments, cavalry and infantry, viz. Ist Dra-
goon Guards, lOth Hussey.* Royal Scotch Fusileet Foot
Guards, 70th and 92d Foot, together with the artillery from
Island.bridge, formed into line on the plain facing the
northern side of the Wellington testimonial, and from
thence proceeded, by several routes, to the fifteen acres, the
scene of the evolutions which followed. The depot of the
GOth Rifles, to whom was allotted the part of skirmishers to
the supposed enemy, had, previous to the movement, occu-
pied the wood on the western side of the fifteen acres, and
there awaited the approach of the grand army, which,
shortly after three o'clock, made its appearance in three di-
visions, which were flanked by the artillery and cavalry In
front of the ambuscading party. The fight.commenced by
the skirmishers opening a scattered fire on the advancing
party, who instantly retreated, covered by discharges of a.
Witty, and by successive charges of the cavalry. The skir-
mishers next advanced, availing themselves of every bush
and dyke, from under cover of which they annoyed the Is.
treating forcer by frequent and well-directed discharges of
their rifles. These, and several other movements, which
lasted fully an hour and a half, terminated by the whole
army, skirmishers, and all, forming into line, and marching
to their respective quarters.
Amongst the last arrivals at Quebec, of vessels from Ire-
land, with emigrants. we find the following :—Fisher, from
Belfast ; Eleanor, Sligo; George Wilkinson, Belfast; Chil-
ies, Dublin; Chance, Belfast • Brown, Westport ; Sally,
Dublin; Linctick ; Andrew Nugent, Sligs; Iphes

genie, Dublin; Kcnt, Derry; Dorothy, Derry; Thomas,
Gel tone Belfast; Huntly, Derry ; Lady Stewart,
_Dub-
lin ; Sophia, Derry, and Lady Digby, Sligo. Total number
of emigrants up to the 14th June, 25,272.
Pooa Iletaxo I—Arrived the Mary, Davis, and New
Hope, Reeve, both from Liverpool, with oatmeal, for the
distressed population !—Connaught Journ. Cattle imported
from Ireland—Week ending July 23: Horses, 21; Cows,
2487 ; Sheep, 6696 Pigs, 20391 ! !—Liverpool Paper.
Mr. J. Campbell, of Glyde- Mains, near Tallanstown, in
the county of Loath, commenced reaping on Friday two
acres of Georgina Oats, an excellent crop, which was sown
lon the 24th February ; he will also reap half an use of the
naked or huakless oats on Monday next, sown at the same
time as the Georgina oats it may be interesting to give a
description of the peculiarities of this new species of oats.— -
It grows without any husky skin whatever—the kernel or
pickle is closely covered with double chaff, so much so, that
no storm will shake it, and in good harvest weather it may
be threshed from the stook and made into meal without
kiln-drying, shelling, or sifting. The produce of an ave-
rage crop is from 16 to 20 cwt. per acre—it is particularly
well adapted for rich loamy ground where there may be dan-
ger of loss from lodging, as from its being so much lighter
in the head!than other oats, from the want of the husk, that
the heaviest rains will not lodge it. Both of the above kinds
of oats are from ten days to a fortnight earlier than the
potato oats.—Drogheda Journal.
As to whether the people concerned in the legal pro-
ceedings arising out of the Newtownbarry massacre ought or
ought not to have suffered a trial to proceed, opinions
amongst themselves vary. For our own parts, we regret
there was not a trial, even for the minor offence, for it would
at least have spoiled a trick of the Orangeists, who pretend
that the people were afraid of an investigation. We cannot,
however, be astonished at the course taken by the people.-1
We are warranted now, sustained as we are by the high au.
thority of Baron Smith, in saying that the Grand Jury had
not discharged the duty that was imperative on them.—
Speaking of just such a case as they bad to decide, the
learned Baron said, at the Mullingar Assises—
I they (the bills for murder) ought not to be ig.
'nosed, unless this justification appeared to you manifest and
dler. ram aware that the rule is said to be, that no grand
ought to find a bill unless on evidence on which, if
uncontradicted, a petty jury ought to convict. But where
the case is not an ordinary one, where for some reason or
other several have been deprived of life, I think it could be
satisfactory t 6 justice, to the feelings of surviving relatives,
the interest taken by the community, that on all questiona-
ble points the evidence should be disclosed, and the circum-
stances of the transaction openly sifted, examined, and di-
vulged. Therefore, unless it should appear to you, with a
clearness amounting to demonstration, that the firing was an
act of mere justifiable self-defence, I would, on any doubt of
this fact, recommend a finding of the bills against those who
appear to you to have fired. The cue against those who
fired, being thus sent by you to trial, the evidence will
come openly before the court and jury—justice, it is to be
hoped, will be done, and the public would witness the solid
grounds upon which the decsion stood.
This is the common-sense view of the question ; It was
that taken by the people interested in the other tragedy, and
as the Wexford grand jury decided otherwise, it is not won-
derful that they declined appealing to the other tribunal.
Friday, a detachment of the Commissariat corps arrived
in Tralee, bringing a large supply of camp equipage, &e.
to be used by the engineer officers employed in the trips,.
metrical survey of Ireland, who will immediately proceed
with the survey of the county Kerry, from an encampment
on the lofty and commanding mountain of Caherconreigh.
The Terry Alta paid a visit a few days ago to Ardrachan,
county Galway, and shot a man who was ploughing for a
farmer. They also visited Lyrecourt Castle, a steward of
Mr. Bindon's, the house of Lieutenant Seymour, Galway
militia, and Mr. Eyre Seymour, from whom they plundered
18 stand of arms and swords.—Lim. Croon.
On Thursday night the house of Mr. Norblad, agent to
the Steam Navigation Company at Prominier, near Nenagb,
was fired into and entered by a parcel of robbers, who took
away money, plate and all the portable articles they found.
Young Mr. Norblad received the contents of a blunderbuss
is the breast. The wound is dangerous.—l6id.
The parish clerk of Templeboohy, named :Porter, was
isordered a few daysago, near Templemore, county Tipps.
carp lbid.
THUNDER Sroax.--We have been informed by a cor-
respondent, upon whose veracity we can depend, that the
inhabitants of the Royal Oak were visited on Thursday
one of the most extraordinary showers of hail ever wi
in this country, accompanied by thunder and lightning.
describes the stones of hail as considerably larger than a
marble, and such was the force with which they fell, that
the potato crops and wheaten fields of that neighbourhood
are utterly ruined.—Carlow Morning Post.
Seven magistrates of the county AVexford have affixed
their signatures to the requisition for the public meeting is
that county, relative to the proceedings necessary to be take,
on the Newtownbarry affair.
MARRIED.—WiIIiam Squirt, Esq. of Gaily, county
Wexford, to Marianne, relict of the late William Quin,
Esq. of Heathfield.—D'Alton McCarthy, Esq. of Lower
Gardiner-street, to Miss Charlesina Hope Manners.—J.
Stack Murphy, Esq. of Hyde Park, to Ellen, daughter at
the late O'Donoghue, of the Glinns.
DIED—In Cavendish-row, the Lady Jane Loftus.—.
In Great Britain-street, Mrs. Mary Sherrock.—At Bob&
winstown Castle, Edmond Browne, Esq. of Abbey.stress.....
At French-strut, Martha Laura, daughter of Doctor Der
nahan.—ln Waterford, Mr. Laurence Doyle.--Jans,
of Robert Shaw, Esq. of Killeen.
CALEDONIAN MERCURY, July 26.
By a detailed account of the matter which appeared in dm
.elyr 4felrertiscr, of Thursday, it seems that the town et
Girvan was actually taken by storm, and the defenceless in.
habitants treated with the most brutal barbarity. The fol.
lowing is an extract front the account referred to :
" On the approach of the Orangemen, some of the Con-
stables proceeded to that part of the road at the north end
of the town, where, according to the arrangement, the
Orange party were to strike off and go round the town.—
They took with them batons or staves, but no fire arms or
swords. They were headed by Mr. Henderson, one of the
Councillors, and were followed by a number of the inha-
bitants, principally women and boys. The whole might
amount to about four hundred. The Constables took their
stand within a few yards to the entrance of the bye road
agreed on, while the Orangemen were passing the bridge
over the water of Girvan and coming towards them. The
Orangemen were in marching order, four or five deep,
bearing colours and having drums and fifes. They *night
amount to from 200 to 300, and one who had occasion to
mix with them assures us, that about the half of them were
armed—some with guns, some with swords, some with
pikes, a considerable number with pistols, and one or two
bayonets. They halted within one hundred yards of the
Constables, and the latter immediately sent forward two of
their number to explain the arrangement made between the
Sheriff and the Lodges in Girvan, and to direct the Orange.
men how to go round the town. The leader of the Orange.
men seemed to accede, but about a dozen of the men stepped
up and damned him to push forward, for the longer
tarried, the party from the town would:become the more ns.
moot's, and beithe better prepared for them. Their leadie
ordered them to hold their tongues, take their places, end
obey orders. After some further conversation with the twol
constables in advance, the leader agreed to take the route
prescribed, and by his command the body moved on. But
while he and a few of the Orangemen in front turned up the
bye road, the Wain body seemed disposed to proceed en
the straight road to Girvan, and whilst They were In this
state of hesitadoo or confusion, a number of stones were
&gown by some of the women and boys from behind the
hedge next the water, and likewise by the Orangemen,
but nem were thrown by the constables. At this junc-
ture, and without any altercation between the Orangemen
and the constables, but while, on the contrary, the latter
were endeavouring to present the people from throwing
atones, a man stepped out from the right of the fifth or
sixth file of the Otangemen, and deliberately levelled
and tired his gun in the direction of the constables, and
Alexander Ross, one of the constables, standing quietly I
close to the footpath on the left, instantly fell; and laying
his hand on his belly and crying out ' Oh, I am shot !' ire.
mediately expired. This occurred while the Orangemen
and constables were from 10 to 16 yards apart, and was foL
lowed by usual shots in rapid succession from the Orange.
men. The attack by the Orangemen now became general,
in which they employed the fire arms, swords, pikes,
bayonets, wherewith they were armed, on the constables and
people, men, women, and children, indiscriminately, cut-
ting and knocking down all who stood before them. The
people gave way in all directions, and, after struggling fee
a moment, and a number of them being severely wounded,
the constables gave way likewise. A number of people took
to the fields; the greater part ran to Girvan by the road;
and a number of them even took to the water which
runs on the north west side of the road. The river hero
runs into a wiel, and those taking it had to swim for
their lives ; but even here they were not safe. One of
them, a constable too, much lajured in the sods, sad

covered with blood, was pelted with stones while strug-
gling to gain the opposite bank, and had, in short, a very
narrow escape foe his life. The Orangemen now rushed, in
a body, into the town • firing their guus and pistols, bran.
dishing their pikes and swords, cutting down those whom
they met, knocking in windows and the like, and crying tai.
linnplantly The town is our own I' Thus they rushed on,
the Windy Raw, through Mootgomerie.street, and turn.
pelt be down by the church and cross, and crossing the bridge,
==went on to the public buildings, or town house, and, pro.
up the main street of Newton, so reached the Green
se Dasue Park. The course they thus took is scarcely
has aka a mile. The town's people thought to stay their
anise about the Town House, where the streets cross, but
the Orangemen proceeded so furiously and recklessly, and
the town's people were so unprepared for such an assault, the
attempt was fruitless, and the Orangemen rushed up the
Newton, where they were met by some of their countrymen
living in that quarter, who, by their presence, gestures, and
words, encouraged them in their violence.
At the entrance of the town they attacked an old man
of the name of Gilbert Davidon, while he was going out to
weed in the fields, and cut him unmercifully on the head
and shoulders, and left him for dead on the road, and his re-
covery was for some time doubtful. Another old man,
James Daily, was shockingly abused, and remains in a dan-
gerous state. A Constable. Alexander Stevens, in attempt.
tog to take the gun from the man who shot Ross, instantly
received a stroke on the back of the head from a sword or
stick in another hand, and was left senseless. A lad of the
name of Johnstone, another Constable, overtaken in the pus.
suit, was cat excessively by the Orangemen on the head and
various parts of the body. David M'Queen, weaver, was
dreadfully cut on the face with some sharp weapon. He has
lost the sight of one of his eyes from the injury he received.
And Hugh Davidson, another Constable, was attacked, cut
and bruised severely, but is now out of danger. But, pro-
bably, the worst case is that of a Constable of the name of
Orr. lie was attacked at the corner of the house of Miss
M'Candlish, opposite the Townhouse, knocked down, his
face smashed and disfigured in a sboeking manner, his body
cut and bruised, and, whilst lying in this plight on the
ground, he was again kicked excessively by another, whilst
a third came up and fired a pistol in his face, the bullet of
which grazed his head. And these are but a sample of the
injuries inflicted. One man Is killed, four men are danger-
oudy wounded, eight severely, and a number slightly. The
body of the Constable Ross was examined, and a bullet
found lodged 'in the spine, it having entered about the
navel. As an instance of the number of shots fired, and the
recklessness of the proceedings, the walls of many of the
houses throughout the town, but especially of those about
the Town House, are marked every here and there with bul.
lets and slugs, and some of the marks are to be seen on the
house of Battik Anderson, the distance of a street from
whence any of the party fired."
The population of Dunfermline (town and parish) ac.
cording to the census just taken, amounts to 17,068 souls,
an increase within the last ten years of 3,387. The town
alone, without the Townbill or Biucefield, contains 10,625
inhabitants.

The population of the pariah of Annan, by the present
return, is b,o33—For 1821, 4,4B6—lncrease in ten years,
547.
The population of Elgin, 6,130—1 n 1821 it was 5,308—
in 1801, 4,34s.—lncrease in thirty years, 1,785.
FINDHORN BRIDE.—The estimated expence of erecting
a suspension bridge over the river Findhorn having al.
ready been subscribed, Captain Brown, R.N. has been in.
vited to the north, for the purpose of furnishing a plan of
ithe same.
OSIGINAL Docustrwr.—Accident has thrown in our
way the following despatch from an officer in a police esta-
blishment in a city not 100 miles from Auld Reekie, to his
superior at head-quarters ; and we think it is worthy of
publicity, as illustrative of the accuracy and minuteness
with which the little quarrel of the lieges are reported and
attended to by the conservators of the peace. As a piece 'of
composition, with the ezcepsion of one slip-slop, which we
must believe to havebeen accidental, it is certainly creditable
to the literary talents of the writer
" Watch-house, 25th May, 1831.
" Miss No. 13, .-- Street, keeps a small dog
who goes to bed at five minutes before ten o'clock at night,
and rises at 10 o'clock morning; he is carried down to the
area by her servant maid five minutes before he goes to bed,
and five minutes after he rises, in order to enjoy the use
of the ----. She complains that Mrs. ,who resides in
the second flat above her, keeps a dog three tines as large
as hers, and that he is carried to the area three or four times
a day by the maid servant, but that he is often allowed by
that servant to go at large in his preambles down and up
stairs. and as well u 3liss requests
that Mrs. will either confine her dog from this
liberty, or send him to her daughter, who is married on the
minister of .---, -- miles north of Aberdeen, where
he might get comfortable board and lodgings, which would
prevent him from either annoying her with nuisance in the
stair, or barking. Alfa. ...-- says Miss dog is
the aggressor, but, from the soft measures used by me to
these ladies, they both seem to be satisfied at present, and
Miss says that she feels extremely obliged to Capt.
- for his kind attention in sending a serjeant of police
to inquire into the matter, and that she will, if a repetition
of the same grievance occur again, inform the serjeant of
district to check such, before she troubles Captain
- any more on the subject.
(Signed) Serjt."
BZILWICK, JULY 23.—The supply of all grain here to-
day was small. Wheat met but a dull sale ; but for barley
and oats the demand was steady, at about the rates of last
market.
Wheat, 53s to 58s; fine, 594 to Ols per quarter. Bar.
ley, 335 to 35s ; fine, 38s. Oats, Potato, 29s to Ms. ditto
Angus, 27s to 28s Beans, 38s to 40s. Pease, 41s. Butter,
40s to 42s per firkin. Eggs, 3s lid per hundred.
MARRIED.—At Edinburgh, Alexander Conti. Cos-
muk, Esq. to Isabella, eldest Edinburgh, of the late John
Hutchison, Esq. of Edinburgh..—Mr. William Johnstone,
merchant, Leith, to Janet, daughter of Mr. Robert Lucas,
merchant, Edinburgh.
DIED.—At the Manse of Kinghorn, the Rev. Adam
Paterson, aged 65.—Sir George Abercromby of Birkenbog,
. Baronet who had attained the age of 84, and had been 48
years Sheriff-Depute.
