TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 9, 1830.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
___....._
HOUSE OF LARDS—MONDAY.
Mr. Parkhouse presented at the bar the .16th Report of the Car-
nage Commissioners.
Lord GOWER presented two petitions against negro slavery—
the one from Henley,_ the other from Cheltenham.
Lord WHARSCLIFFE presented a petition flom the inhabi-
tants of Oldham against the renewal of the East India Company's
Charter.

MOT lON POSTPONED.
Earl STANHOPE said, in consequence of the indisposition of
his noble friend (the Duke of Richmond), the motion which stood
fir Thursday for a select committee on the internal state of the
country, as far as the working classes were concerned, would not
be then brought forward; but, as soon as the health of the noble
duke would permit, it was his intention to submit a motion on the
subject to the house. The noble earl then moved that the order
summoning the peers to attend be discharged.—The order was dis-
charged accordingly. •
e bill to render valid marriage ceremonies in certain churches
and chapels, which was brought in on a former evening by the
Bishop of London, was read a second time.

DISTRESS.

Lord CALTHORPE presented a petition from the riband.
weavers of a parish in Warwickshire, complaining of distress, and
praying mile.

whole system of protection for all other articles, such as hemp,
wool, and tallow. He also thought that, as a means of afford.
ing substantial relief, a revision ought to take place of the whole
system of country banking, for the public were now in the
dark with regard to it. No one of two country bankers knew what
the other was about. Such a revision might take' place without
any alteration of the currency, for that would be now an ill-advised
measure, it being too late to retrace their steps. There was no
confidence between country bankers and those who did business
with them ; consequently no accommodation was afforded.
Colonel SI lITHOHP said that, whatever might be the case in
Somersetshire as to wheat beering a remunerating price he could
state that in the county of Lincoln no produce of the I;ind bore a
remunerating price.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY would be glad to know from the hon.
baronet how the revision of the system of country banks could af.
ford relief. He denied that there was any want of confidence be.
business with them. if a
want of accommodation calmed it was owing entirely to the unwise
measure which had been adopted for the suppression of small notes.
thrilinsist. *toyer, new think that it would be by any means ad-
visable to re-enact the measure for again issuing V. notes without
much previous consideration. As to Northumberland, the county
with which he himself was immediately connected, he had been
given to understand there, from several quarters on which he could
rely, that the distress there was not so great as in other places. He
sincerely hoped that the distress was only partial and temporary.
It was unfair to ascribe it to his Majesty's government; it ought
rather to be ascribed to the two bad seasons which the country had
had in succession.

Mr. PORTMAN said a few words in support of the petition, oh-
serving that, in consequence of the two last seasons having been so
very bad, most of the sheep, hones, and small cattle, were entirely
destroyed in Soniersetshire, and the farmers there were left without
any stock.
11Ir. BEAUMONT said that the distress of the country was
daily and rapidly increasing. Persons in trade were now obliged to
support themselves on their capital instead of their profits. Some-
thinfl was necessary to be done to mitigate the general distress, and
in his opinion, a reduction of taxation alone would effect that object.
After a few words from Mr. Dracrwsox and Sir Thomas
LETHBRIDOE, the petition was laid on the table. Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from a public Meeting of the
inhabitants of the city of Bristol, praying a reduction of taxation.
The hon. member said he cordially assented to the prayer of the pe-
tition. Seeing the infinite mischief which had been done to the
country by the alteration of the currency—whether it was possible to
retrace our steps or not he could not tell; but, seeing that his ma-
jesty's ministers had made up their minds to a course which had
produced incalculable mischief, and must be attended with still
more, he agreed with the petitioners in asking what was to be time?
In his judgment the only thing that could be done was to make a
great reduction of taxation—first, by retrenchment in the expenses
of the government ; next by cutting off those burdens which ope.
rated so injuriously upon the country, under the name of the Sinking
Fund, and by practising economy in every possible shape. Every
one of the taxes should he referred to committees of that house, in
order to see how far they could safely be reduced. The Assessed
Taxes, in particular, called for the most attentive investigation.—
These petitioners also prayed for a reduction of the taxation upon
malt liquor, a burden most severely felt by the labouring classes.—
They prayed likewise that a tax might be imposed upon the means of
those who, by going abroad, diminished the resources of the country.
—The petition was laid on the table.
Mr. PORTMAN moved for a detailed statement of the expenses
of serving the office of High Sheriff in England rind Wales, during
the years 1828 and i 829, and of the fees paid to the said High
Sheriffs within the same periods.
Sir C. GREVILLE presented a petition from the Gentry, Ciergy,
and Inhabitants of Warwick, complaining of distress, and praying
fora reduction of the duties on malt and beer.

Mr. CAVENDISH presented petitions from the female inha-
bitants of two parishes in the county of Derby, praying that steps
may be taken for the abolition of the practice of burning Hindoo
widows.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD moved for copies of any Memorials
presented to the Irish Government on the subject of advances for
building Court-houses in Ireland. The right hon. gentleman
said that the circumstances to which these returns related were felt
with peculiar severity in the county which he represented (Kerry).
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he re.
collected the case having been brought before the Treasury by the
right hon. gentleman ; but he regretted that, as the law stood, the
government were not able to afford the parties any relief.
The returns were ordered.

Mr. M. FITZGERALD presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of a parish in the county of Kerry, complaining of the ex-
penses of levying the public cess.
Mr. lIUME moved for the following returns, and they were
ordered :—A return of the number of contracts now existing for the
supply of his Majesty's dockyards, and other branches connected
with the navy, with the date of the contract, the articles contracted
for, the period of duration, and whether the contract was had by
public advertisement or, otherwise ; and similar returns relating
to the ordnance and the army. it return of the number and
strength of military guards within the bills of mortality, from
the Ist of January, 1829, to the lit of January, 1830, &tin-
tinguishing cavalry from infantry. A return of the particulars of
the sum of 8,8001. charged in the miscellaneous estimates for sala-
ries paid to officers and clerks in the Penitentiary at Millbank. A
list of all clerks and officers admitted for the first time into any
office connected with the civil establishments of the country since
1822—the Stamp-office, Custom-house, and Post-office excepted •
and a similar list applying to the army, navy, and ordnance. Mel;
a return of the number of clerks and officers, who, having been
superannuated, were again admitted upon vacancies. His object in
moving fur these last returns was to remove any misconception
which might exist an the subject of a promise made in the year
1822, when the reductions of civil officers took place, that those
who were superannuated should he re-introduced on the occurrence of
vacancies.

Mr. HUME presented s petition from the mail dealers of a
district in Manchester, complaining of distress, and praying for a
free trade in corn, and a reduction of taxation.

Mr. JONES presented a potition from the commist.ioners of
paving, praying that the bill now before the !souse might not pus
into a law.

Mr. PORTIIAN said it might be convenient to mention that
he should this evening take an opportunity of moving the second
reading of the bill to which the petition referred, with a view that
a day might be fixed for the discussion both of the principle and
the detail. lie should suggest the 20th pay of April as the Jay
which he hoped would suit the convenience of the house.
The petition was laid on the table.
31r. SYKES presented a petition from the mayor and cor.
poration of Kingston-upon.llull, against the monopoly of the
East India Company.
Referred to the committee on the East India Charter.
Sir R. PRICE presented a petition from the occupiers of land
in certain parishes in the county of Hereford, complaining of agri-
cultural distress.
Mr. DhNNISON presented a petition from the yeomen, trades.
men, farmers, and tenants, of the parish of Ripley, in the county of
Nu•rey, complaining of distress, and praying for a reduction of
taxation, particularly of the taxes on beer and malt : and also pray.
ing for such a reform of the constitution of the house as would
render it an assembly of the representatives of the people. Theban.
gentleman stated that he concurred in the prayer of the petition,
which was laid on the table.

Sir J. NEWPORT begged have to ask whether the government
had taken into consideration the expediency of removing those re.
strictions upon the growth of tobsoco in the United Kingdom, which
were so injurious to the revenue ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that his
majesty's government had turned their attention to the subject;
but that he was not able at present to pay precisely what measures
would be preposed.
Mr. ATTWOOD moved for a ammo* of the wale of tamp
Dudes on Bills of Exchange, from Jely MB to Dre. 11111114
Abe for an account of the number of roomy Kooken' News
stamped is each tprester of the respective yaws from 18*7 to 111119.
diatiNsishki theft wide were see drew theme whisk ewe snit
bl. aM Ise NI ammo eS the meow if Dodo pig M Treratteeey
Notes pft,able addlond.-.-The Tetras were ordered.
Lord ALTHOIn mewed a Sr the sinwee and aee
alpine et land is dee limbed et
a Wadies etiesedue. The WAR didligt/WP
the Cbaneellse tbe Eno-timer had said Ps•Pswa
-
I large reduction if taxation. 1s bed eingithee hire the Oen
