INSPRUCK, MARCH so.

There is yet no sign of spring in this eonntry—the
mountabs of middling' height are still covered with
snow--w coldeast wind, accompsnied with frost,
prevaib in out; sallies, and checks the vegetation.—
Tim standing waters• are-every morning covered with
icor. therviinte7 coca 'has suffered severely, and in
'Many ports it bat bMn tiecessaiy to sow anew.,
• * _
41: 14a •
e wet_
,the 'Paris Papers pf Friday.—,
They oc;ntaio, bit littio7isitelligenes of interest:. the
• CHAMIIIIIMII4II, has made a fovenal mo-
an intbe Fienob-Hase of Peert for putting an end
`Um\ infasnour lystf.ot ptictisecl by the Barbary
104141 4f eeoditig Christians into natate of slavery.
sok Papers of Std Mirth armed this morning..
?rim.* Notfoll .tesker of 49th February Re.
port says, that Crourronsa, Emperor df.the North,
has lately put to death two itmericans, Mites of;
different vessels, on mere suspicion of their having:
imnaled two bags of cofee."

anon na 11WW•IFORIL Miff OP lINRCH T.
46 Mr. Pinckney, Member of Congress from Bela.
more, is appointed Minister Plenipotentiary, &c. to
the King of the two Skillet, and resident Minister
extra and Plenipotentiary at St. Petersburgb. This.
• Gentleman has been returned SD C 01131,11 asa public
defaulter to the amount of ntgot:artoo9;ithiat balance
is not disputed: "It is fair to ask. whadier. Mr. Pinck.
nab ought not lobe compelled to pity off old scores
before he k allowed to handle any more of the public
looney I Tee amount for which Mr. Pinckney was
first returned as defaulter was nearly double what it
*now is, and the curious manner in which it had been
dredtux be seen hereafter.",

'ir;frefi krith.thEN-6.

,
CUSTOM- nom, APntt, 16. Ships
ward—Elise, 3obn 'Deetjrn, fir Br-
Mead Weneke, for ditto ; ElizThrti ,
White, for Gibraltar Mitchelgrove,
Guernse7 and Jersey ; Deux A.mits,
note, for Calms.

FALMOUTH, APRIL is.
'Arrived his Majesty's schooner Win,
cruize.—Wind fresh breezes and
PORTSMOUTH, APRIL 15.
Arrived his Majesty's ship VENEnsits
West Indies.—Wind West.
DEAL, APRIL 15.
Arrived and sailed for the River the
DrxoN, from Smyrna ; and the Russian
Frilled*, THOMPSON, from Bengal, last hom
isorath, bound to St Petersburgh.

BRIDLINGTON, APRIL IL
•
'The Fly, of Sunderland, HALLIMAN, front tor
don, has carried away her foremast and bovispit
coming into this harbour.

GRAVESEND, APRIL IS.
Salted the Ikon, Morrison, for Gibraltar; pry
I orb fic Dootioies:, hietbrest Carole Mutual; foriti;
Drake, Malley, and Metamorphose, farm, for Caws.
Mb% fur Ehdoeur. Arrived the Mary, hulk fruit-37.7.
doers; and Christina, Rolm, from Amsterdam.

L CURACOA, FEW I.
By the American schooner Little Chaim wee
dills from St. Thomas's, we learn that a Imre gait
was experienced there on the 17th aad 18th s 4 Lit
' month, which lasted for 48 hours, atteeapaied
violent raid for the space of 18 ; the.tows and shy
ping suffered considerable damage; a Kisumu azi
a sloop were cast ashore. Accounts (moms
TtiqUe., received by the schooner Let es Lige. !err
'• sent: the gale to hue bees extremely violent t
also. Several vessels were cast on shore, and ot►er
wise much damage done.

LAUNCH OF THE PITT AND PALLAS.
Saturday, at noon, the launching nf those hely.
.modelled and well finished men of w.ir, the parr,
14, and PALLAS, of 36 guns, took place at p
mouth dock-yard ; and on no previous occasion dste
the war, was tisere so great i concourse of
present, to witness this eaquisttely gratifying nati
spectacle. The ceremony of christening the PALL
which was the first launched (requiring a sma
draught of water than the Pitt), -was performed
COMMiIIiIIiOIIET the Hon. Sir GEORGE GREY, Bart.
Admiral Sir EDWARD fIiORNBKOUGH, K. C. B. !ER
the name 40 the Pirr. Bath launches were excelleath
eaten. ted there was no one circumstance occurret
that could detract from the interest of the sight.

• on the 2d instant, a boat beinaglng to the Rs
sario, lately arrived at Portsmouth from Pool, cx,•
taming ten persons, was unfortunately upset in coeni
into the harbour, when Lieutenant I'. Plescraswici
Ponies, was drowned:

ii-few days since, a shocking accident happenel
at the Eastern Pier, Plymouth, at the launch of a
fishing-smack. As the smack approached the water,
the people crowded near her, and when she dropped
frem the pier into the water, the sudden jerk cause
-the ways to turn over, by which one man had his
back much injured, a boy bis thigh severely fracturee,
and another had his. kg broken ; the latter died the
foll_..owing day. ,
The lteienue cutters being now tinder Lite diree-1
Lion of the Admiralty Board, their LoreAhips Incur
plateci twelve of them under the orders of the Corn.
mender-in-Chief, Sir E. ThoesnOROUGH, K.C.B. at
Portsmouth, 23 tinder the orders of Admiral Sir J.
T. DUCKwoangt at Plymouth, and a necessary po.
pottion at each of the other Pons. Their present
Captains are permitted, if they wish it, to retire upon
full pay, several of whom, we understand, have al-
ready accepted of this arrangement, and when .1-
cancies occur iv the command of these vessels, th-y

. .• :

C
t

i

.J

1
.v.-. 1

!' I
. '

will be filled by Officers of the Royal Navy.
The produce of the Consolidated Fund for 0-e
year ending the .sth of April, 1816, ammints to
it 10,616,208 10s. 9d. ; the charge of which is
5e9,300,000, leaving a disposable surplus amounting
to the sum of £1,316,808 10s. !id.
Private Letters received this miming from Amr.
trice, state, that the new Tariff is not expected to
pass into a law this Sessions.
A Gentleman, arrived yesterday from Hambnrgh,
informs us, that the favourable effect which the new
Russian Torii had had upon sugars had ceased. ':
was believed that Russia had stock in hand to serve
for a twelvemonth, and that the demand from that
quarter would not be so great as expected : the eon.
' sequence was, the fall of sugars to nearly their for.
mer prices.
FRISCH COTTON MANUFACTURE-Cs—The following
observations by Count Beugnot on this subeet, in
the French Chamber of Deputies, in their sitting of
tlie 9th, are interesting use of cotton stuffs has
„become extremely common in Europe, and has Cl*
Misled even to the lowest classes of society.—Eng-
, land first introduced this taste, and cultivated it to
her great advantage. France in her tom became
possessed of this new br.incli of iadestry ; and is soil,
in presence of her formidable rival, competing With
some advantage in the more common articles of mi.
mifacture, and consequently those of chief eonsurop•
Lion. Put England has over France an immense
superiority ; her machines daily acquire increasict
perfection ; her capital is extremely abundant, ace.
her supplies of the raw material very easy. Hence
results a lowness of price against which our nianu•
lecturers cannot contend, even with the addition of
lOper cent. 'required by the English uoderwriters as
. the premium of insurance on smuggling. On tl
other head, our cotton manufactures esperietteed 2
fatal shock in 1811, when it became necessary 12
pass immediately, and without gradual transition,
from the continental to the European system. Unit►
these circumstances, let us not tax the raw material
(cotton wool) severely. The duty recommended
d* Committee will not amount to more thaw from
three to seven centimes oo the ell of cones cloth,
which wilt be countervailed by the premium allowed
on export, and thus will be only a duty on home
consumption. The tariff is still, however, too high ;
I and I propose to replace it by duties on cotton stilts
imported. of which it will be vain to attempt the
prohibition. Land-smuggling will still elude the ei"
gilanat of oar Custom-hottse Officers ; and the on'?
moans of putting a stop to it is to impose on the
goods introduced a duty, which may countsrbalacce
premium of the insurauce•writers.

entered
'amen ; :4
~ Gratz. •
racquet; th
BITING frok 16.
and foe. abi
%11.1 from rt
11
the Men,„l,
r

'4 4fitllrr.

•••rmilms

: ft

•
The Brunseack • pity: arrived lut west. at'
i;rtsmouth, from Genoa. They am to proceed ambden, robden, lor.the:purpose of being transferred from
tthe British to die. Hanoverian army, ,
Detachments of Rekiments that are serving in.
North America. are assembling at Portsinooth.: and
- • *will shortly embark:--these for the 25th sad 70th
`have marched into Hikes- Wracks.,
The 2d or Queen's Regiment OeFoet are on their
`route from Chatham to fortsotoutli. to enibark
• 'die West Indies. . .

.\1
