$

PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.
DINNER AT LBWS/MEL
Oa .Tuesday, the friends to Parliamentary Reform
tlitiedtegether at the Bell Hotel, Leicester, R. O. CAVE,
Pre. M.P. in the Chair. About sixty highly respectable
Gentlemen sat down to the tables, which were well filled
with choice and substantial fare. As soon as the cloth
was drawn, the Chairman gave " The King, and may he
never forget that he holds the Crown in trust for the
benefit of the People." " The People, the only source
of legitimate power."
The CHAIRMAN, in proposing the next tout—" Re-
form in the Commons' House of Parliament, and a full,
fair, and free representation of the people," congratulated
the meeting on the rising spirit of reform, not only in
Leicester, but throughout the country ; and though there
were some who urged that the present was not the time
for advocating such principles yet he considered that it
was seasonable at all times to try and effect a practical
good. They had. got rid of that question, Catholic
F.mancipation, which had so long agitated the country,
and was used as a stalking horse, to keep from the sight
of the people, those grievous abuses which tended to de-
grade and debase them. The Catholic Question bad
been disposed of, and the road was now open to amend-
ment and reform ; and when he considered the financial
and commercial distresses of the country, and the
avowed inability of Ministers to grapple with the diffi-
culty, he felt convinced that a favourable result to the
cause must be produced. He called upon his constituents
to use their best exertions, and though he would not
lay down to them any precise form for their adoption,
yet be considered there were three things which
ought to be embraced :—first, extension of suffrage ;
second, a shorter duration of Parliaments ; and third,
vote by ballot. Either of these would go very far in
securing the blessings of a good Government. France,
with its bad system of representation, had adopted the
voting by ballot; and thus, removing the obnoxious in-
fluence of superior power between the tyrant and the
slave—between the rich and the poor—be firmly believed
that it had saved that country from the miseries of a
second revolution. But what he proposed was no French
theory, for it had received the sanction and was sancti-
fied by the blood of Britons—Hampden Sydney, Hurl-
rick, and others—and with such precedents their oppo-
nents ought to prove the measure deficient in justice,
before they rejected or condemned it. What had been
done during the last Session of Parliament ? The re-
moving Catholic disabilities was certainly a great point
gained, but it was followed by a base, cowardly, and ills.
gal act, the disfranchisement of the forty-shilling free-
holders. He next came to the base jugglery of expelling
Mr. O'Connell from his seat, and it certainly presence
a lamentable picture of a Howe of Commons that Mr.
O'Connell should suffer expulsion for refusing to take an
oath which that House had only a few weeks before re-
pealed ; and whilst other great questions were waiting
for discussion, the legislative body was debating on the
words of an Act which it was not able to render compre-
hensible, even to itself. He next came to Mr. Hume's
division on the Corn Laws, and called the attention of
the Meeting to the fact, that only twelve members Anted
in favour of the motion. Another instance was, the M-
elon on his own resolution respecting the Emancipetieu
of Negro Children, in which he had chiefly adberad tp
the words of that great commentator of the law, Black-
stone. His arguments were not met either by lawyer
nor politician in the House, yet forty-five Members had
voted that Blackstone was ignorant of British law.—
Indeed, there was no hope that Government would
change its measures, unless there was a strong expression
of feeling from the whole country at large ; for bow
could they expect redress to be spontaneously offered by
men who had declared that they yielded to Catholic
Emancipation, not as a measure of justice to seven
millions of their fellow-subjects, but because they could
withhold it no longer and if they could they would have
done so ; but worse than this, after they had carried the
question, by a most unconstitutional Act, theT directed
the thunder and lightning of the Legislature against one
single man, whom they had declared to be free. He
would next advert to the cowardly blood-stained crime
committed at Terceira, which, though justified by Minis-
ters, made every honest Englishman hold down his head
with shame and regret. From all these circumstances,
what inferences were they to draw from the modest of
Government, or Parliament, for they were nearly
the same thing? Once in every twenty or thirty
after every shuffle had been made to impede and pus;
vent, some measure was extorted from them by nesse-
sity ; and this proved, that till the people would tabs
their affairs in their own hands, there would be no
firm, steady course of good government. The question
they were now to consider was--what would be the
best mode to obtain Reform ? and he would answer,
it could only be obtained by the strong force of pub-
lic opinion, combined with circumstances. Quietism
of reform should be agitated in detail ; and dish
having successfully levelled the outworks and shaken the
tower of corruption to its very base, it would tumble to
the ground of its own accord. They should contend for
reforms in the law—reforms in the church—for reforms
in corporations, and for reforms in the colonies. The
delays of the law ought to be obviated. The expense
reduced ; its meaning so clear and intelligible as not to
admit of being distorted, and it should no longer be a
reed to the !Poor, and a two-edged sword in the hands of
the rich. He would point attention to the church, par-
ticularly of Ireland, where there existed a perfect Ma-
moly. The revenues were supplied by men professing
another religion ; and in some places there were ministers,
but, literally and truly, no congregations at all. Let the
meeting examine the manners and conduct of the clergy
of England, particularly the high dignitaries in the House
of Lords. The Duke of Wellington read a lesson of
humanity and religion to the bench of Bishops, who
ought to have been foremost in recommending concilia-
tion, peace, and good will to all men. The Duke de-
clared that be would willingly sacrifice his life to save
One month of civil warfare. But the men who were
robed in the ecclesiastical raiment, and whose great
muter had taught them, " If thou art smitten on one
aide, turn the other also," these cried out to blow the
trumpet of civil warfare in their native land ; and in-
'stead of raising their prayers for discord to cease, they
uttered blasphemous aspirations for vengeance on the
Cetholics. They trampled on their sacred obligations,
they, perverted the doctrines of the altar, to secure,
their own aggrandisement and personal privileges.—
There was yet another instrument working for general
good, which was more powerful than all—he meant
spread of education, which was eulighteuieg the
man andelocidsting his natural right. The schoolmaster
hadfaketidy_ taught that English Protestantsnever
lap fiee,4olo Irish Catholics reniained slavea.
Priagel*lloglibeetY•wer• tlialaPhiagin Flanoo—ilkSalith
..Aorevim-.-in North America; lad, it was. that• la.
ii7ollkolVallea.
nationWOM di4O4lC rano: Mid it situ
great moral lessoneliat freedom was not to be
a day—it was a mistreettlet to be lightly won or cheaply

purchased. The Portuguese and Spanish refugees in
this country, who had fled from the tyranny of a Don
Miguel and a Fertlinencl, were living pictures of this
truth, and it was not lost upon the world. The sword of
justice was net to be held by feeble hands who trifled
with its awful responsibility. If the upas tree of cor-
ruption was to be destroyed, they i whence firmly and
boldly with the axe, and not yield to fear and trembling
when they come ivithin the reach of its baneful and deadly
influences. But patriotism, like charity, ought to begin
at home ; he would therefore impress the sentiment upon
their minds—" May the friends of Radical Reform radi-
cally reform themselves !" In their own borough there
was much to be done, and though at the expense of indi-
vidual sacrifices, yet he Ives certain that local des-
potism could not exist Much longer—(Cheers).—
Pair meetings would be in vain, their applause would be
in vain, their speeches would be in vain, if they did not
show they were really in earnest as to a reform in their
local Parliament, for it was the very beau ideal of a self-
constituted authority. The Corporation expended their
funds in returning Members to the House of Commons,
for the purpose of keeping their fellow-townsmen in
slavery ; he would, therefore, recommend the establish-
ment of a club, or committee, resembling the Catholic
Association, to take advantage of every favourable op-
portunity for working reform. He should always be
happy to render his services as long as they were found
available • but if he was detected in betraying his trust,
or refusing to answer the questions which were put to
him respecting his political conduct, then he had no
hesitation in saying, they had a right to look upon him
as a. traitor to the cause of the people. He again ex-
horted them to form a club, to act as a check upon the
local Government, and to protect the interests of the
town. He had visited the Club of Working Mechanics,
and was much struck with the sound reasoning and good
sense displayed by the speakers. He had the highest
opinion of the operative classes of the town ; they had
been peculiarly patient under all their sufferings, and it
was a duty devolving upon those who were able to ame-
liorate their hard afflictions. If the rich did not form a
club, for the purposes which he had stated, he hoped that
they would extend a helping hand to the mechanics, for
he believed them to be active and efficient instruments in
conquering local tyranny.
Mr. S. COLTMAN proposed the health of their worthy
representative, Mr. Cave, with three times three.—
The CHAIRMAN briefly, but warmly, returned thanks,
and again urged upon them the adoption of a club. He
described the great annoyances in a Parliamentary life;
but felt himself far overpaid by the mark of confidence
and approbation they had that evening conferred upon
him, in the handsome manner in which his health had,
been received.

In proposing the next toast, the health of Mr. Paget,
the CHAIRMAN said it would be superfluous to preface
it with observations of his own ; but when he thought
of the present distress, and remembered that it had been
predicted by Mr. Paget, in his letter to Mr. Ricardo, he
could not but express his deep regret that the suggestions
had not been upended to at the last election.

T. B. PAO ET, Esq. thanked the Meeting for the man-
ner in which his health had been received ; his conduct
had been straightforward and open, and though pos-
sessing strong opinions, he trusted they were strictly
honest, for he assured them they were far from tending to
his own interests. The last time they met in that room
was on account of an alteration it' their religious liberty,
and it.was then predicted to be the forerunner of other
events of the most important nature. That prediction
had turned out to be true, for scarcely had four mon*
passed away, when, in defiance of the Tory faction, Cato.
lie Emancipation aad been carried, and this he trusted
would lead the way to more important triumphs. Evidence
had been given that Catholics were quite as strong friend
to liberty as Protestants, and were not inimical to retain
in Parliament, the want of which must be evident to all,
as the miserable state of the population of England was a
manifest proof of its necessity, The condition of the
working classes was almost hopeless. The agriculturist,
the manufacturer, the shopkeeper—there was not a person
engaged in business who was not either embarrassed, or
fast approaching to difficulty and embarrassment. The
only exception was the gnat masufacturers,who trod close
upon the heels of the aristocracy, and did not yet leek
at the state of affairs with terror. The poor, in a °se-
dition nearly allied to destitution, stared at them with
haggard and dreadful countenances, as they descended
to utter despondency ; and all this proceeded entirely
from the want of a proper House of Commons. The re
volution of 1688 might have been glorious to the Aris-
tocracy, but was not beneficial to the people.
that period there was no debt, there were no taxes ; and
though the revolution was designed to shake off the in-
fluences of the' Catholic Church, yet they now had and
hierarchy more greedy than when the Catholics held do-I
minion. Standing armies before that time were un-
known, and the Parliament lasted but for one sessions.
To show the absolute nocemity for reform, he would men-
tion that the working classes were taxed 200 per Pate
for every drop of beer they thank ; and when thaindoest
was brought before the House of Commons, only ems
evening was devoted to its, consideration, whilst three
nights were engaged in debating whether Mr. O'Connell,
should be heard at the bar or at the table of the Hoarse?
The wants of England were, neglected, whilst some poli-
tical gladiators arose iu their places, and fenced with ora-
tory on our foreign policy. The people had met with no
sympathy, and reform was the only one thingaseexiful.
He feared the hope was but faint, yet shill there was a
hope—not in the polished gladiator'', but springing from
another source. The British lion was roused. Many
puppets had been playing about the noble animal since
1688, but Mr. Peel had thrust his head into his very
jaws. Otleta had pot, their heeds into the generous ani-
ma& pockets, but. Mr. Peel had turned them inside out,
and his Bill of 1819 was the first step to reform. Mr,
Peel's Bill produced the repeal of the Test and Corpora.
Lion Acts, and the Emancipation of the Catholics; but
'not from any tender mercies to the individuals bone-
,fited, but from compulsion. He next came to the
Currency Questiop, which though considered unim-
portant by many, yet there was 'none that took such
,in universal range. of operation, affecting the (*liege
and the palace. At tbacommencentent of the late. war,
a most ingenious mode had been devised fen the porno
!of extorting money; and the scheme had only been varied
according to circumatanoes, but none was; so ingenious.
as the one in 1797, for depreciating the currency, WI
the Bullion Repo* of 1810, down to. the end- of the war
in 1814: during the war the 11. note was reduced Ba. in
