-RIILN:S11 MERCUR?.

COBEF:TIZ, SEPTEMBER t 7.
G)-lIMANI Olt I:IIANCE lE:COVEIt ITS INTFGIIITY ?
Alarming reports concerning the turn which the
-nritticiations for peace have taken circulate in Ger-
niAny. because no firm confidence has any where
taken root, or can be justified khope cannot maintain
itself, and what is still unknown and undeveloped
appears in the doubting apprehensions of all, like
wine ereat misfortune still veiled from sight.
In contrast with this timidity, th French arrogante
is loud, and confidently displayed; it thinks it cannot
fail of success against_ that oft-tried, nerveless, per-
plexed. and 4oulless policy, which has so often lavished
.with mad prodigality what victory had earned, that
they. t:iough reduced to beggary by the vicissitudes
of toT time. may still hope to acquere great wealth
fts fishing in the,troutiled waters of Germany.
friends rise ; and they give nut that the
;Tit it t if their ten i tors is. recognizeal„ aDJ only
th,; s uls ceded to them by the Treaty of Paris shall
b- g.ucti up ; And then Landau, to stop the mouths
'of importunate br.iwlers in the empire ; and then
too a Utile money, the interest, perhaps, of the stolen
pro; erty. which has been running up since the battle
of Leiptie. Fore:gii garrisons shall keep the for-
ticets for two ye..rs, in (infix, when France has re-
covered from her defeats, and lieu armies are again
tn ow a formidable footing, to give them back again.
We ,av it is false : it is impossible that peace can be
corn lu.kd upon these conditions. For, firstly, what
Power would be presumptuous enough to act in such
sciirnful contempt of the innate conviction of the
whole Ge:m.:n people, and to offer them such a
•Tiraty lor their sanction ? Who would bind himself
to sign a deed which would eternally stand in all his.
tory a sr:tied instrument, and a monument of extreme
deh4si:mont, and ought therefore to be deposited in
'the interior of the lioastful Vendome column ?
I. is a sc.:vet what the Gcrman nation will, and
justly, expect from thi.s peace) since it seeks nothing,
but it:: rightp, and the cond;tioes of its political exis-
existeneo. Is it one, or even thousands only who are
unalterably convinced that the frontiers must be ex-
tended and retired against France, if Germany is to
exist in peace and dignity ?—Are there not thi; ty
.millions nho anxiously and incessantly hold the same
language ?
• 14 it Only the mere refined eltsses, who, presamp.
violist, outrunning the times, make these demands ?
Ask in the cottage of the peasant—hear the citizen
speak—attend to what is said itf the streets—in all
erimpanies—go to the Vistula, the Elbe, the Weser—
invite from the Danube to the Rhine—read in all
Vie pamphlets, all the journals—let the armies speak
*along all classes and ranks—you hear the same lan-
guage; every where one word, one feeling, one ex-
pression. The contrary appears to all to be idiotcy
and nonsense; they set a curse even upon the con-
ception or other tle.ughts, and will hardly'allow the
pcissibiiity of their being put in execution.
And who would take upon himself the risk of op-
Nition ? A public opinion,. su unanimous so ter.

k., irritl,hle—who" would prevail upon himself
to sttp iorwarti in the eyes of a nation which has so
dreadlelly antlered, and then 'acted so greatly, with
such a wine, with suck a reward for all its labours ?
Who could bear to read an unanimous sentence of
dasunaticz in the eyes of all these milLms, and there
despair at finding, aker all hopes bad been deceived
and betrayed, the last also, which at least seemed to
be firmly founded upon interest, reduced.to nothing
by keble councils 1
We have often heard how people looked with' ti-
midity at the proceedings of the French--bow they
die)tint cf slumbering energies and dreadful esplo-
slims ,
.• and therefore proceeded gently and leniently
w . tot them, and consented to disadvantageous
conditions.
'this pretext has always appeared to us to be absurd.
It is not there that the danger lies. Imprudent con-
duct and ill considered measures may doubtless pre-
pare a terrible re action, and cause it to burst forth;
but this is a mote remote care; the nearest threatens
from behind f it is the entire degradation in the pub-
lic opinion, dee conviction that would instantly spread
Ike liglitni.og, that now nothing could be expected
Cons such weakness, and that the nation must, once
f'r all, give up all its hopes, and renounce all expec-
tations of a better futurity.
In limes when States entirely depend on the will
and faith of all, the highest fear and danger is, that
all co ty lose this faith and conviction, and the seve-
tOst filgtreSis which can never be. enough dreaded, is
such a total bankruptcy of opinion, which tie repara-
tion can ever make good.
It. k not possible to imagine any, power which
could c.impel such a peace. The French are reduced
tocntire impotency—all spirit and energy isteparted
from them—they feel themselves how irrecoverably
they are lost. if their adversaries do but half und 21.-
'JAW the 4 own advantage. Nor can the illusion
tyke pt ice that was formerly cherished, that the devil
in heti, is to be tamed by presents and sacrifices, and
that the peace of guropc is to be purchased by con-
tributions—this lurking place, in which last year con•
wing, self-interest, took refuge, is now closed, and the
set y road to it wholly dammed up. The threats and
the boasting of the one party are-all become matter
of ridicule, and the other knoWs that the new order
of things depends enly.on the power of our bayonets,
and that when this prop is removed, the whole must
(..11 together.
' Thus every 'limy which they obtained in the di-1
plomatic transactions would be a voluntary present •
it tsould be a triumph which they owed entirely to
their mental superiority, and of which they would
boast with- reason ;. it would lie evident thar there
could be no-firm dependence but upon them, other:
Ilse so iilCOAStAgitip and never upon our eternally di-

vided, discordant, meanly jealous dominion; the im-
potence of Germany would be demonstrated, its
servitode'established, and at least one thorough pil.
laging in a century be pronounced and recognized as
constitutionally its lot.
Nor could it be said in excuse that the other powers
had caused this result by their jealous apposition: no,
it would be solely our own want of firmness and de-
cision that drove us to it. Of all those who are. so,
urgent for peace, when it shall be .at our expense,
there is none who would be sincerely disposed for the
sake of France, and in unison with France, to besin
a war with us. But they have indeed already be-
come sufficiently acquainted with our weakness and
our nothingness ; they know that if we do once rouse,
and courageously claim our right, yet there is nothing
behind—no energy—no perseverance—and that they
need but to eropley a firm opposition, a little threa-
tening, and an angry look, to convince us that we
have gone too far, and cannot alone dispute our right
against all Europa combined ; that it is rather our
part Modestly and quietly to withdraw, and to gnaw
the !yaws of the beast as our share in the next corner.
What People speak of Russia, that it does not de.
sire our strength, cannot in common policy be . im-
puted to it as a fault : the French have said to it often
enough, it might do as it pleased on the Rhine,
and, on its side, take its share on the Vistula and the
Elbe; that it must, at length, have comprehended
the lesson, even if the (Lire of having requited an ex
terual impulse. But that the will of a foreign powi•r
should be a law to us, so that its opposition would
alone suffice to make us sacrifice our dearest interests,
would be an infamous humiliation, which must justly
make us the laughing-stock of the world, and con-
temptible in the eyes of those uf whose will they were
so submissive. _

On the other side, England's opposition to the ag-
grandisement of Germany, is much dwelt upon. It
is difficult to conceive upon what part of Pitt's poli-
tical testAnient its Ministers, if they persist in their
opposition, found their pulicy : it is certain, that, if
lie were alivef he would by no means be of their opt_
The manner in which they have hitherto sin-
ned, in respect to Germany, is the most inexcusable
of All that has passed ; as no secret appetite impels
them to keep us weak, that they may one day wholly
devour us, or divide us with the French ; and as they,
elevated above the immediate interests of the Conti-
nent, have the first call to maintain right and justice,
and, like the pendulum of a 'clock, to regulate the
whole work by wisdom and prudent moderation. But
it would he the !night of debasement on our part, it,
while we indolently sacrifice our welfare and all our
priyelty ►hat we have employed in trade and Indus-,
try, to their destructive preponderance, we could not.'
by our ruin, even gain them for our political views,
and Icr at least an ostensible bikini:it,' for our losses
there—and thus let ourselves be mined and carried
off by die devil absolutely gratis.
Russia has taken a p.irt in this last war, whisk was
so remote from its interest, only in u such as it
would n.. 1 withdraw from the old common union in
the intsmer.t of dagger, nor tree itseit horn engage.
nients bdore made. Its interests in the cause are
grown cold ; th it it retires from ic, though too hastily
indeed, is explained by ve:y natural causes.
England has also obtained all its ends ; its partici-
piti:ui has a:so subsided. and it seeks perhaps but
alternately to alarm and to raise France, in order to
extort from it an advantageous coa:mercial treaty.
It is we atone whose Pretensions are still wholly
unsatisfied ; our share is withheld from us, and we
must naturally be the last in the field. Let the others
go their ways; we alone are strong enough, if we
ate but unanimous, to acs,rt our rii,hts against any
one who should think to encroach on them.

Or, is it true, that no considerable opposition from
without is made to our claims, but that it is rather
humid jea'anssy that keeps them down—and because
; each grudges an advantage to the other, they find
themselves at the end all deceived together ? An old
writer, centuries age, speaking of the concesns of
Germany, said, ,G there w be no peace till all the
docks in the Roman Empire struck one at the same
!rietswist." A mighty hand had set all the clocks to
'one ; hut though the %mks-inside are goad, and uni.
hum i:s their motion, the hands are loose, and it is
not possible to make them agree. Yet even this
would Not suffice to explain the conclusion of such a
peace. At Vieiva, indeed, all the acts of the Con-
gress passed in these bickeriugs ; but the question
there was to renounce claims and sacrifice rights, in
order by sacrificing some particular interests, to attain
a bightdubject ; but add to the arrogance displayed
them, inch an irresolute tameness, which bows to
foreign claims as humbly as it then despised the
claims of the native country, • would be too odious,
too desperate a supposition, which we cannot give
way to, till we cannot any longer evade, till it is
forced upon us by the evidence of fact.

• What I shall the story if the last year be repeated
arnoug us—sh.ill the frontier provinces again groan
bencatii the weiitht of the armies, while the French,
but lightly bitrthipei by theirs, turn us into ridicule ?
fottvii, and loose as the bond of our con-
stitution is, shall we, after having found an easy
means of surrounding ourselves, at least on one side,
with a wail of brass, tol:slily let slip the frecious op-
portunity which we have in our bands, and leave our
country open and unprotected, as a careless landlord
bis house, that our eneinks may come Aver at their
pleasme to oppress and to rob us? lr would be incre-
dible it it had been, and existed so for centuries.

You, tine Rhenish Provinces, your safety and the
good of the Gern►.iu people 11141 inhabit you, would
then be infiniously sacr,ficed ; you would be the first
lamentable IbActifices of such a Treaty, and the first
sire prey of the cunning enemy, who, in his lowest
ii.gradatinn, in his severest distress, would have
g:.iled the Wrest victory. War has not yet raged
long enough upon your plains; the centuries in which
you at.; given as•a prey to ,this nation, is not yet full,
a r has sufficimt blood been yet shed.
Where any one of your ancient monuments lies in
ruins, it is the French who have overthrown it;
where any of your venerable antique temples have
bten consumed, it its the French who kindled the
flames I where a palace lies desolate, this nation has
de4royed, it; Where an old city has been burnt, a
fortress dilapidated, all this tomes from the French.
And it shall be recorded,-that we had the power and
the poshilfility to C.llit this enemy far from us and the
baiiks of our'Rhine, to re,►air ancient losses, and to
avert from ourselUes.itew and great injury, and that
wo had neglected it, and plunged our, children, their

descendants, into new wars, which must necessarily
be unfortunate for them. And would Germany, on
the e)thee bank, be in a more secure condition ? He
who possesses the Rhine retains the artery of its life,
and its life itself is in its power ; and South Germany.
which, with Alsace for a bulwark, would be quite
secure, will be, without it, like the Rhenish pro-
vinces, the constant theatre of French wars. Let it
nut be said that a two years possession of the for-
' tresses would bean advantage. This could only be
in case of new wars; and shall then confusion always
prevail upon earth, and people be ever obliged to
' console themselves with the hopes of better times?
It is also a poet' comfort to say, that it the security
was thus threatened from without,
,more serious at
Nution would be paid to establishing union at home.
live will not at :he long run suffer herself to be
made a fool of, by being sent backward and forward,'
and at last rather abandon the whole fool's play in
indignation. And it would be very imprudent to let
it come to this, for k might easily happen that one
had need of her again, as well as of faith, love, and
enthusiasm, which are mostly united with her, and
they would be severely missed it they had fled and
vanished on account of the affront that had been of.
feted them.

No, indeed, Germany has deserved a better fate for
its fidelity, and for the great energy it has display el,
than to b., deprived of itsfreesioie as well as its unify,
of its 14hiJry as (yea as its COStfiltititlills and now, Liss
of all, of its security for the future.
• It bas suffered itself to be stripped of the one after
the other, and hoped with the more confidence for
the last, ha 'order with it to gain the other, or at least
a olive: field fur its internal improvement ; it this last
expectation were denied, what would then be left
worthy to excite an interest in the people, and to
unite its power in one great impulse
The least that could then be done would be to re-
ceive the tn..s,togrrs of such bad news, and to turn
the ntAz annivcisary of the great battle into a day of
mourning ; to let no fires glow upon the hills, that
the profound silence and darkitess might vitionnte
the gloomy silent grief of the nation, as the flames
before announced their joy and their hopes.
But let nobody fancy that such a glaring imposi-
tion shall ever become matter of history, and valid in
the eyes of Goo, and the old saying b2cotne new
again; all is nothing that does not repose on the basis
of justice and truth, and all must be done over again
that is not done well. So it has happened once.—
Such is the nature of taw, hien does n-t let go
its tools, but holds the:ll last till they) priliumed
its will, and. which has promised to history a new
epoat, and to the German people a new ri woes.,
tian, and will iurely keep this iirarnix.--Ifiteniri
;factory, Sept. 17.

FRANKFORT, SEPTEMBER. 21.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM PARIS, SEPT. 17.

It has been frequently repeated in the public ;mints.
that of all the foreigners whom the French so much
hate, they bate the Prussians the most. That is very
natural. The contest between Prussia and France
was from the beginning not a mere cabinet or diplo.
made contest, but it was and is a contest between
two opposite fundamental principles. The high spirit
aroused in Prussia chiefly caused the fall of Bona-
partism. The French cannot forgive the Prussians;
thii3 beaten down in the open field, and unable to
avenge themselves .in any other way, they spread
a,gailist them columns equally absurd and ill.foanded.
The Pi us,ians are stated to proceed in France worse
than the Vandals in the countries they overrun, and
their :limy is said to be inspired by a violent and law.
less spirit—pretty much like the former bands of 80.
naps te.
In tact, there is scarcely a man in the Prussian
armies, who, Oesidas the general disgrace of his coun-
try, has not some bitter personal ksult to revenge
upon the French ; and it would surely not be won-
derful it this feeling of revenge expressed itself
suongly. Bin one need only look with a dispas-
sionate and impartial eye upon :he districts where the
Prussians are quartered, to convince one's self that
the same high and pious spirit which has led this
army to vie Cory, has not. deserted it alter the victory
is gained._

" Gentle as a lam!), and brave as the sabre," was
the motto of the harbinger of this great epoch, tl.e
late Schill and his companione—and this motto seems
to have been implanted in the times and in the army.
If Prussia now demands back a pat t of the bound-
less pillage which has been minted and squeezed out
of her iii seven dreadful years, only one reproach can
be made it, in res;:ect of its preten,ions on this head,
viz.—That they ale too insignificant, and do not
afford its people their due indeninity and relief.—
But as for the conduct of the troops, and the relation
of individual French to the Prussians, no where can
a more tranquil and orderly state of things be found
than in the districts occupied by the Prussians; and
no where do the foreign troops and the inhabitants
live in mote harmony together; so '4o.c it is really
surprising how the private relations pt individual
French and Prussian, contrasts with. the general
hatred tit the French towards the Prussians.
That...some disorders and excesses have occurred,
under all the circumstances, will not be wondered at,
when the victorious Prussians followed with such
rapidity the fragments of the beaten French army.
That for the rest, an army that is so national .arc
the Prussian, that has been formed and is held toge-
ther by a certain feeling, in which there is so large a
number of men, who have enjoyed a completely
scientific education, who are accustomed to' the strict
legal forms of civil life, that such an army can never
degenerate into aft arrogant, ungovernable praetorian
band, is a position which only matce or folly can
well question. •

TaAvxwxo.—OurCcierespandent at Leeds. York.
shire, informs us, they have at present the most con-
venient and accommodating conveyances to London :
a new Coach is set up called the Waterloo, that
leaves Leeds at three o'clock in the afternoon, and
arrives at the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, next day at
four. A person may dine at Leeds on one day, and
in London the following. The old favourite Rock.
inghan Coach goes from the Golden Lion at seven
in the morning, and gets to the same Inn in London
at eight the next, which is taking breakfast at both
places, and having sufficient time for refreshment on
the road, (which is must delightful), through Don.
caster, Newark, and Stamford. Many travellers pass
through• Leeds to Edinburgh, and other pairs of the
Nvt th.

BQUTH AMERICA.

No. IV.

TO THE EDI FOR OF THE STAR.

Stit--The Junta Central which had retreat
Madrid to escape. from the french, cnsitinty.l
its s scions at Seville, but its administratiol
excited the hatred of the people, the meetini
solved at the approach of the French army
vaded Andalu.i.i. Snow of its members,
again assembled in the 1.1c•of Leon, and ,
a Regency, which consisted of Eve r rson
authority extended to Cadiz and Galicia,
parts of the Engdoin in the Peninsula whit!
ed wider the dominion of the 13;ianiar..lr.
A Proclamation, declaring :he appo;:an
Regency, was made in America t-e b4p
the year 1810. lu this ProcLimiiittn the sii
Spain was made known, and aid a..ts
die continuance of the war.

This document is most interesting dr:
the revolution of Atwrica, because•
the depAisin with which every f;•>v:!r!
Spain Lad, untii tl.i•
:t contained tie 11::0,6ing
people, in the nanr: of the 11.2gtncy:

" A•nericam--Ye have Lidterto Le.sta wa!sled tlow,
" more upere,sive to hear, I).!cattut ye welt, more dt
• thr tenure of power. Frani Otis ti!..te we place
" your umn liau,l4. Yr Live beer. tutn:%.ted by la
• in your ruler,; ald betrayed by breach of
4 shall Oolw1,;. tle;,rtyl o.t Lae caprice of Ir. icet..ys!
the dean-460n of this
which was styli the Regency of Spain a:
Indies, the Municipalities of all the princi
of South America, in unison with the most r,
citizens, and oith the wine: al will of the pi
deavolired to est ibiish assem4iies, in Cie
FERVINANn the S'venth, which werl to have
power in every different c..trict. But the
iron Spain constantly opp ised this ,iru,l,-Fit
well cirilculitied for the security of the con,
them.e:ves of the oppilitniti
elahliftl to mike, having the militiiry
' they AVO-sttd Oiat it shelved a degree of p::
to tiosi:kc the inii:::er-country 'n a season o
arid insiiting on the legality of the Ret,-•
made thus conclu,ion, that in the etent
,owrt!irow of Spaiii, the seat of the Sp.u.i
ment should tfien be in America.

It rn.ty eas.l) be supposed :lilt force al It
tsscn: to such orinions, and the Ank:ic.ois
re4son sill to trea.ble for their Litt-, more
as the generally delivered opinion of the Sp:
power was--t" that America oug,ht to share
of Spain."

In this critical s;tuaCon, witilotrt one
hope of any terms of accom:notlition w;th
nish Rulers., who requited It Wind submi
every species of government emanating from
imagining that the Peninsula would finalh
sassed by the French—considerint! the Reg,
hideous government, formed of a few ins;
members separated from the Junta Centn
letting that in the war for liervn:!..Ary 'no
Spain, the English government n id emir::
separate Mexico from its 'allegiance to I'
Fifth—that in 1797 Proclamations were cm
Caracca;, in which the English Governor of
offered to the Continent his assistance to
the Spanish yoke—and that the
Coro, commanded by MIIIANDA, in 1816,
paid by the English.—from eqesan and 01,
recollections, the Americans resolved tr
by force, what reasonable representations
in obtaining. All ardour for success was
stimulated-by patriotic zeal—spur on la
spotism of the Spanish Chiefs—en:our:l:7i
yoke of the people—the Si%iiiish Governor,
p-ised, and others were L.tr::t•A t;) succeed t
were to act in conjunction wlOl tile Mnnici
In imitation of similar a.ssenabliei in Sp;
united bodies were called Janias—their de,
published in the name of FinoiN;AND the
they offered to the Regency of Spain all poi
for the continuance ri ;he war—the Slave I
prohibited—. Deputies wc:e sent from many
to the British Government—and every
both of reason- and force, were called forth
of these new arrangcruents.
Such were the first steps taken by the net:
Rulers in several of the principal cities in
Rcvolution had gained ground ; that is to
moss, Buenos-Ayres, Santa Fe de .Bogol
jago.cle Chili, -and Quito; cities, which tl
acting in concert with each other, conceived
cuted the same plans as if they had been
by the same spirit. The capitals of Me:
Peru being garrisoned by a stronger fore,
cities already mentioned, and the populatit.
ropean Spaniards being more numerous, the
[het reoles was scarcely heard; and it wi
the end of 1810, that in a corner; as it
Mexico, the famous HIDALGO began that re:
which already causes the Sp.atisllGOVeinlont
in that wealthy, fertile, and beautiful count,

Some of the internal Provinces of Peri
latterly separated themselves Irom Litzt.i is
the Revolution has become universal in
World; which proves that it is not merely
but the whole Continent that is seeking
ness its independence.
That my narrative may be clearly arrange,
propose separately to sketch the history
tion in each Province, accurdiag to the o►d:i
I have mentioned them, begini:ir.:; Willi
where the first struggle for L►bert) vras
For the present, I rem tin, Sir,
Your obedient and hiunble sere

V. ('Ai

••• Our keadtp are requested to correct the folio'
graphical errors in Nu. 111 publidted iu thy S of thi
Line 71, for " the audience of (....erarcra" read" ot Cie
make the time correction In Roe 7d :—iu line 77, Col
orates of Autfuisasa," read " of Chuquisaca
ithe °mend Larilias al4 line 86, for "
rt.,

ohm*l

1:1E rNii,NANG

LONDON.

SATURDAY, SIPT*MBER SO, 1815.
RAG' OF THIS DAY Al' TWELVE O'CLOCK
Re&lced thot—Cone. money SBl ST—for nee. S7ll
ti pa Cent shut—S per Ccut. es{—Bond. Tr. Ha. dls.
00.7 i pay. 7i! pr.—Excltecileer Halo 3s. 61.

REVOLT IN SPAIN.

We know that we have not been singular in m-
ilting every act of the Spanish Government since
veorle, by their loyalty and bravery, aided by ibe
rous exertions of this country, succeeded io bring.

FEepr4At,DbacktotheThrone. Never did any pee).
leceire so ungrateful a return for loyalty and duty
Cieir Sover, ign as the Spanish Patriots. Never in
lily country was there exhibited a system of more
Idiberate and sanguinary tyranny than has been
nerciied over the Spanish nation by a cold-blooded
nt bigot, acting under the influence of the worst
men ; or rather transferring the whule executive
'over into their hands, and suffering them to glut
private vengeance for real or supposed slights,
1, injuries inflicted on their sacred order.
That any people, participating In the common
(floe:ledge of the nineteenth century, should continue
submit to such debasing and clegrtdim sksery,
-or a single day longer than absolute necessity might
!ommand, was not to be believed. Even a Rosa.
Noma MARAt, a BONAPARTE, can reign by terror
,illy for a few years ; how short Must be such a reign
finder such a creature as a FERDINAND ! None but
the most ignorant and brutalized of mankind could
'ong submit to be the victims of such a system, guided
rd directed by such a Government.
We hare been for some time in daily expectation
the unprovoked persecution and cruelty exercised
.ver the P.sttiots, would at last urge some individual
resist the lawless exercise of power. From an In-
:ident which occurred the other day the state of the
public mind could not be mistaken—we allude to the
::vt-clivei of the Friar against the Spanish Patriots,
Then he was reminded by a Cavalier, among the
Iturers, that this was not preaching the Gospel, and
:fie effect was so electric that the whole congregation
cm up in a body. quitted the church, and at last de.
;.royei the house to which the Priest had retired for

It now appears that in one quarter at least the re.
slitance has broken out in optn revolt. By the Co-
!mil/ Mail, which arrived at a late hour last night,
counts have been received, stating, that an or-
:anised insurrection, headed by the celebrated Gene.
r.:l PORLIIM, has broken out there. Our private let-
leis are to the 24t1i, at that time every thing was as
tranquil as if nothing uncommon had occurred—only
ti;e people were, each in that own sphere, meting
rteir influence to gain adherents, not merely in th, it
immediate neighbourhood, but in places mr,rr distant.
Whether any previous concert with other quitters
had been settled for a general rising, we have nGt yet
the means of ascertaining i but in the present state of
rnblic feeling in Spain, we would not be surprised
:hunid the bold step that has been taken at Corunna,
even without any previous concert, prbve the nwan
of exciting ether provincts to Like the field in main-
t,n.ince of their just rights. Britain, which fought
slcog wilh the Fatrio:s to emancipate their country
tyra..ny, %ill surely tiever fight against them to
ccsig in rivaling upon their necks the chains of the

We subjoin the principal articles which have reached
us relative to this important !MA: Every suareed-
kg Mail may be expected to bring most itit;:r:•stiag
intelligence, and we shall not fail to lay betore our
iteaders the earliest and most authentic accounts of
every thing that occurs :
" FALMOUTH, SEPTEMBER ST.
" I have just time to advise you that the brig
!d, 0, Captain CHANCELLOR, is this evening arrived,
in three days, from Corunna, and brings an account
an insurrection in Gzilicia. A Proclamation has
tit( issued by General Don Juan Diez PoBLIER,
commanding in that Province, declaring that FERDI-
NAND VII. by his iniquitous conduct, is unfit to reign,
a; d calling on all the other Provinces to join him
ar.4his army (which are unanimous in the cause) to
tia'Jlish the Cones and Junta : the adjoining Pro-
maces are said to be quite in opinion with that of
Callicia, and that the next acceuots are expected to
be that the cause is general throughout Spain. Co-
runna 'lO/45 illuminatc d. in consequence."
is CORUNNA, SEPTEMBER IF.
A very ur.exprcted event has just taken place here.
G neral Porlier, wbo had been confined here by the
King's orders, in the Castle of St. Antonia, ever since
Aogust, 1814, but obtained permission last month to
tit.: the bath of Artrijo, on account of ltis health, last
night assembled the troops quartered at Santa Lucia,
th without the gates, and entered this City at one
.Vtlock this morning, where he arrested the Captainr
Gracral of the Province, the Governor of this city,
and two or three other persons.: by three all was quiet•
aad as perfect tranquillity prevails as if nothing had
happened.—The followtm; is the General's
PRoci.AmATtoN,
ADTMESSED BF GENERAL nos WIZ I.ORLIER TO THE SOL-
ERSOIP Tili! ARM i OF THE KINODOII OF GALLICIA.
zw.alL4S!—Tlit: happy and desired dry Is armed in which,
1 nut. hI rule :ad glorious tesoliniGn, we begin tobreak the chains
:1 the mos: fatal slavery that has ever been known.
"it vt:.uldhe useless fur me to exert myself to convince you
huhern the conduct of King ierainanct since his restoration
the
th"" of 1.,4111 ; thu tbrone which cost the nation so

live*, so much br•Ved, aniigneit sacriActe, to deliver it trots&
• a •
the isdkainee of tyrant. Nobody b ignorant that the Wog,
eurrouhded by unjust and avaricibut Countellon, has consented
toi anti eicentxd, a 'proscription so atrocious, that even the irra-
tional have trembled at it; the Most iligstrious and deserving
men have been the first victims of it. Delivered, by this means,
from those who had preferred the general good to their own in-
terest, they ttpned the flood-gates of despotism, and the nation
was in a moment inuodated with the furious torrent.
44 Such, So:diert, Is the mass of evils and misfortunes that we
have suffered ! contempt, divrace, have been the
recompense they love given us t the diesokulon of the bas,
punishments, contributions, duties (les rosaries, las tarries), and,
finally, the depressird and discouragement of agtieulture and
eomniere,! Fl:.ve been the acknowledgment that has been made
for thy 'clot of the ptop!e: I will nor speak ro yoti of other
v.riolm ant! to f wanes proceedittp, which have been committed
with imisti At), avidac;ty having even gone to far as to endeavour
to kil'e gitClal as precepts or our holy religion.

" l o come out of a situation so desperate, and which scan-
daiit.s all Europe, we need but to be resolved. We, if the
case iv proper:), eonsi4rced, are the oppressors of the country;
since :hese a►ms, intended only to combat the enemies of what
is good, have been turned, for tit's year past, against ourselves
and against our fortune and interees. ,

" 1)c) not fear in attempting this enterprise—the armies of
other Powers, since conducted by cea;e Nincev, endowed with
the most splendid virtues, far from opposing our just eanse, It is
rather g-early to he hoped that they will maintain and support,
:t. Yes! we have before our eyes most strikieg testimonies of
this !flail, which have made us conceive the ntnet Oath-ging
hopes. They have disapproved from the very beginning the ems.
duct of King Ferdinand, and with a noble and generous unani.
miry, they have finished, by excluding him front the European
alliance, having previously left no naEans untried to divest Hui
from error, and fromehe precipice—all has been in vain.
" In this situation, no alternative remains to us bet to take to
' arms. Let us remove from his side those wkked counsellors—
let us re-establish the Cortes, ant let them determine the system
which is to govern us; and meantime, considering the nation as
abandoned and destitute, the l'rovinces, in imitation of this most
noble kingdom of Gallicia, will appoint their internal Jantas to
govern theta till the convucation of the Cortes.
" Henceforth the valiant soldier, the man of talent and of real
merit, shall meet with a solid recompence —art I, agriculture, and
Commerce, shall resume their 113Cielnt splendour—the national
• wealth shall recover the sante channels which formerly nourished
it—the soldiers and other* Employed by the public *hall be ponce
tua ly paid—ghe scale of justice *ball return to that equilibrium
of force which is the foundation of the tranquillity of the State.
AU this, Sol tiers, is offered you, as a reward by the change of
the present system. To obtain it, unite your forces with mine,
and have confidence in your Chiefs. Doubt not but that the
ae-
odes will follow you, and that all w.ll he actuated by the same
impulse; and if ever there should be obstacles and difficulties to
overcome, valour nukes every thing easy."

Today we received tic Paris Papers of Wednes-
day : they announce /iltiary, four. ministerial ap-
pointments, viz. the D.uc de Rtutaucti, for Foreign
Affairs and Premier; BAUM De MARRO'S, Milliner
of Justice and Keeper of the Seals ; Comverro, as
Minister of Finance ; and Count VAUBLANC, as Mi-
nister of the Interior.

Among these names, that of the Due de Riots.
I.:Eu stands highest in point of integrity and honour,
acid what ii no scull.praise his character itis never
been *wined by his participation in the infamous Rm.
lution which finally placed the still mote infampusßo-
N A P.% It It FE at the head of affairs in France. His declit•
ration to the Ramo, that he woul.l not sit at the-same
with Foucue, sufficiently marks the
pinky of his mind. • _ _ _ _

BAnne Dc MAIM' , the next Minister no the list,
wa: employed during tho old regime as an Intendant
in the Colonies : he sit afterwards in the Council of
Ancients, but was ordered to be deported on suspi-
cion of Royalism, at the same time with Pictutonn
and his paity. On his return to France he accepted
an office under BONAPARTE, as Enperor, it is true ;
but his charactet was always very fair. His office
was that of First President in the Court of Accounts,
in which Lousl XVIII. continued him in 1814. He
followed his M.i.ksty to Ghent, and vigorously op,
posed the 14te re.usurpation.
Convcrro, the new Finance Minister, was a lawyer
at the commencement of the Revolution, and has
since tilled a number of offices of State with tolerable
&edit. He was one of those who signed Bosm-
PARTE'S forfeiture of the throne in March 181+, as a
Counsellor of State, in which capacity Lotus XVIII.
continued him. We find him recalled into the ser•
vice of BONAPARTE, however, by a Decree of the 25th
at March last, but. it is understood that he never
served.

Count VAUBLANC, the new Minister of the Interior,
was a Member of the Legislative Assembly in 1792.
He is a man of mild manners, but possesses a firm.
character and an enlightened mind. He never de.
traded himself by ministering to the crimes of the
Despot, although his talents were frequently put in
requisition. He filled of late yelts the'comparatively
humble situation of Prefect of the Moselle, and dis-
tinguished himself on the return of the Dotranina by
a Proclamation to his department lull of good sense
and moderation.
Thus it will be seen that the new Preach Ministry
contains no particularly marked character, against
whom the shafts of ridicule or the sarcasms of indig.
nant and outraged humanity could be directed with
effect. In this respect a great advantage has been
gained, and we have no doubt that the Parisian EA.
tors speak from good authority when they assure
their Readers that the dismissal of BONAPAItTF'S
senile crew has been Considered by the Allies as a
pledge of good faith, and is likely to produce a cot..
respondent alleviation of the burdens of the French
people.
Foveae has not yet set ow for Saxony, nor has
NEY been put upon his trial. Another hint is given
the former, tiat the Chamber of Deputies may pro.
bably stop his mission, by recommending a revision,

. . .
of itis past *conduct before the tribunals: 'The this
Date of OTRANTO has not Oblitetated the recol-
lection a the eiitues of Fouctsk the Conyentionalist
and Am& of Mantel 1
An annual awing of neatly two millions of francs
ii promised by the abolition of Foucstes odious
of-
fice of Generalissimo .of the 'Spies. The rrcnch
King has, we trust, at length discovered, that the
Liberty of the Press will effect all that it wanted, by
represint plots and inoriett'ons with argument and
common sense; and ahbve all, by making the Go.
verns ment acquainted with the state of public opinion
better than the myriads of caves-droppers who
swarmed in every house in France under the glorious
and trialy honourable patronage of Savant, FOUCInt
and Company. Frenchmen would do well to recol-
lect, that this very system of ettimete has done much
to degrade the national character, and to demoralize
the individuals of their natitn in the ryesol all Europe.
—flow glorious is the sr etacle of tl:e parlour of an
English eat:-house, where every individual is heard
with manly freedom, discussing the merits of the
Ministers and Legislatute, aid settling the affairs of
Europe his own way, a hen contrasted with the shiver-
ing and half-starved banditti ex%orted in a French
cabaret, with one of Fouork's MQUiCe•li in the corner,
watching every shrug of disaflectiou I And yet this
is the system which rout::lF. and his friends wished
to continue in France. it was, in short, a modifica-
tion of the reign ot. terror.
