to beat her nay against thrwind, and the eufFerings I
of these vessels might have been prolonged.
As good* the intelligence reached the Admiralty,'
orders were issued to the several Port Admirals to
send instant help, as our Readers will see by the snb-
jnined letter from Mr. CHOICAR to Lloyd's; but we
consider it as a most fortunate circumstaace that Ad-
miral HOLLOWAY has even anticipated the orders that
41:ave thus been issued :

°react, Ortega& 20.
Sm—l am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the
Admiralty to acquaint you, for the information of the Committee
for managing the affairs of Lind 's, that Captain Hall, of his
Majesty'. ship the Lyra, has arrived at this offices that he in-
forms me, that he bad experience.' severe easterly gates in the
chops of the Channel, ever since the teih ultimo, and that It
was with the grsivest ddlcuhy that hi. Majesty's ship was ena-
bled to reach Bantry Bay on the 14th instant. The Captain also
reports, that a great number of merchant ships were in the chops
of the Channel, and he fears that many ci them must be In great
distress for provisions, and be' also apprehends that many have
been driven to be nOrthward of their usual course, in their at-
tempts to reach Ireland. My Lords, therefore, further direct me
to acquaint you, that they have in consequence issued Malarial
orders to the several ports, directing the Admirals to send assist-
ance into the curter pointed out by Captain Hall.
" I am, Sir, your very humble Servant,
"To Mr. John Bennttt, Jun. (Signed) "J. W. Caomsa."

The project of MAHOISZT Au, the Viceroy of
Egypt, to make himself the independent Sovereign
of that country, aid to seise also on the territories of
Tunis, Algiers, and Tripoli, excites much speculation.
If it be correct, that he hat actually made overturn
to this and other Courts, proposing, in the event of
success, to put an entire end to the piracies of the
Barbary Powers,t it is very possible that some encou-
ragement may be given to him in his project, but of
course no direct interference in Isis favour can be in-
stantly looked for.,
We have long considered it as inimical to the inte-
rests of humanity, that such a country as Egypt
should have continued so long under such a miserable,
system of government ; and disgraceful to Europe
that the inhabitants of the southern shores of the
Mediterranean should have been permitted to carry
on their piracies, not only almost with impunity, but
actually rewarded by subsidies and presents fur
making war on the States of Europe aad carrying
their Wiens into slavery.
It might have counteracted the views of politicians
to have suffered the French to retain possession of
Egypt, but it would certainly have tended to improve
the condition of the inhabitants. If high political
c • nsiderat ions rendered it indispensible that we should
endeavour to dispossess them, wily, after gatoing our
object, by real conquest not from the Tanks but from
the French—why was it so soon abandened to its
lurmer masters It has been matter of deep regret
with many, that the -conquest was not attached to
the possessions of the British Crown. No power on
earth could have wrested it from us s and as a market
and interpot for our manufactures, could aeon have
been rendered moreimportant than aU our West India
possessions united ; while the returns would have
consisted of the richest productions of the Tropical
Climates.

However, such regrets being now unavailing, it is
certainly worthy of deep consideration, whether our
own interests as well as those of the native inhabitants
might ant be greatly promoted by every countenance
that could be afforded to the designs of httifoascr Au?

In a preceding column we bave given some inte.
resting extracts from the German Papers, on the
subject of the late eztraordinAry attest of Colonel
MAssaKaacit. It has operated. we are told, like an

electric shock throughout all Germany. With the
exception of three Journals, which are immediately
ender the controtd of the King of Palma, the whole
of the Journals of Germany have condemned this
arrest as a most unjustifiable aggression on public
order, as well as individual right. The alarm with
which it had filled all persons of reflection, will, it
is thought. be ultimately productive of benefits to
the community, which its author little anticipated.—
Tyranny very frequently overshoots its Marks and
this seems to be the case in the present instance with
the Prussian Government. In whatever way it may
act, the consequent*: can only be to its own injury.
Were it to liberate tilassettuacir, it would be sup-
posed to act through fear; if it proceeds to try him,
and he happens, as be ought, to be acquitted, it will
be covered with aH the disgra:e of an oppression as
malignant as lawless; if he is condemned, the sea.
fence will but aggravate the indignation which the
illegality of the arrest has excited, and the odium
against a Govannsent which could condescend in so
flagrant manner to set every thing like law and jus-
tice at defiance.

CORN .EXCIUNGB. AItARZLATS, cfCi-

The supply of Wheat this motning h
what appeared of fine quality was re..dilt ,
at Monday's prices.— Barley was nrt so ,
mand as on Monday, although the atilt 1
truing, yet prime samples suppott their inn;
the inferior descriptions are nearly smaalvat,,
Pcas, Beans, and Oats, no alteration.

11 F.,IY A L 11V7 EL L IGENCE.
MAILS AIM DUt.
/A
Dublin - - - I 0 France -... 4
Waterford . . I I Dottenburgh .. „ :
I
0
C.lurrnsey and Jersey 1 0 Thicilers -- . i.
Lisbon . . . 0 0 Malts .. . . :
Holland - . - 0 0 Hamburgh -. 4 ;
FALNIOI"TH, OC TOSEA 19.
Sailed the Francis Fieeling Packet, w'th a,
for the Leeward Llands,Wind E.
PINMOUTD, OCTOBER cl.
Arrived the Economy, Fr:TroN, And S
TRIMAYNE, from Mal .ga ; and Johan 0; n
MIMI% MAD Bourtleaux —Wind N N E.

POR ISMOUTH, OCTOBER 21.

Arrived the Charlotte, EBDES, tram Bin,
for London. Sailed the Elir...beth, for London.
DEAL, OC l OBER 41.
Came down from the River and s tiled the
for Madras ; Sappho, for Borniiay ;
end Tranby, for Jamaica; f. r
Cambrian, for the Cape of Good Hope; JAI
for Naples; and Alexander, f,.r New
OC 21.
Sailed the -Auckland and Beauloy Prays,
Cuxhaven: and Thetis and Charlotte Pack,
Gatenburgli—all with Mails ; also sailed
sail of coasters and colliers, for the North.
GRAVESEND, OC 21.
Arrived the Britannia, Stranack, from °stead ; Mary,
from Hamburgb; and sters, Dyer, from It overLsi.
the Progress, Talbert, for Yucatan ; Virginia, Fisher,
gin!a ; Lucy, Cullen, for Madeira and St. Thomas's;
Thuratuu, for Malaga; industry, Jet:button, for Peter•burits,
C•USTOII HOUSE, 40C I OILER 21.

SPICS lINTIRLD wmtos.--The Aurora, Sasby,
and btrrntious, from Ocend.
Out WARS! —11.• A,lantie, Rumbeet ; and Elbe, Arne
Hamburgh ; Sally, s booms, (or Dublin; lunge Jao Diri
nio, Dawr; and Roost Sovereign, Laming, for
Meanwell, Morgan, for Jamaica ; Marquis of Angleset
for Ostend; Marquis of Angleera, Watkins, for Autwvr,
Cooper, for Greinda ; Carolina, Applegren, for Havre;
Maria, Palmer, for Madelia and St. blichaers.

Monday se'anight, the truw William, the
of Mr. Join.; W 1111.12, of Gloucester, was
nately lost on the 'Nimble Sands, near Longa:
her voyage from Bristol to Glouc. ster, with 4
valuable cargo of grocery and other goods- .
at the bright of the spring, and the ude Tumuli
with unusual rapidity, in passing I.nugney Cn
sort of jetty head turning the tide into an eddy,
encountering at the same moment a b-eng
the William, coming in contact with another',

was forced upon tFe Sande, int!, taking a li.d
Called and souk! Tile situation of the crew,
in number, instantly became perilous in the rut

one min, named Jilin Wicies, vatic r Inge .a
rigging, whence, unable to sustain I imselt, heds
ped into the flood and perished I The °tiers,
supporting them elves on the wreck to :ti. I:st
ashy, were forced into the current, and picked ttp
boats from other vessels, at the moment wifen
were sinking. Happily about forty tons of g,
consisting of wine, wool, corn, cheese, Lid
have been saved, but the grocery is neatly all ,
The hull of the vessel, also, is likely to be recur:b
It appears by an ofbcial report in a French
that the number of individuals received into the

rent hospitals of Paris, during ten years, from 1811
to 1814, was 855,662, of whom 47,861 died.
A letter from Paris oldie 16th inst. says:—" Mt
now engages the speculative here is the late atones
of the Due de RICHELIEU. Some account hi it.
a journey to Cherbourg to inspect the works carnal
011 in that pout ; others by a journey to England. f'
negociats a fresh diminution of the Army of °ca-
ption ; others again explain it, more naturally.
perhaps more truly, by supposing a visit into
country at this time of general vacation, to enjo,
few moments' telaxation from the labours of eft"
The suppositioni,of a mysterious journey to
is suggested by the general conviction of stone nego•
elation being on foot for the removal of another 6til
of the Allied *may. It is understood that tnerea•
ists no objection at present to su.:l2 a measure, buts
the part of the British Government. The j( urneT
of the Duke d'A.Noonume and the other FrenA
Princes to .Compiegne, is also connected by many e.th
this supposed negotiation."
G. CARROLL, the Contractor, is proud to perctilri
from the rapidly increasing Sale of the present LI•
tery, the general approbation with which the Schesx
is regarded. He earnestly recommends to situ Ater,
don of the Public the numerous advantages wino
Adventurers will possess who purchase in this Lot-
wry, which contains no tem than 11:x Prizes of
820,000!—Tickets and Shares are on &lie at the
Contractor's Offices, 7, Commix, and 26, acre,
STREET, where the Last 8301000 was sold. Tits
ill); will commence on the 7th of Near MON 73.
Monday morning, as the Exeter Mail•ci)aclityn
on its way to London, between Smallbury-green attn.
pike and the turning-off from the road to Rick:tope,
it passed over a large stone, the greater part et
broken mile-stone, which had been placed on the mid
by some villain or villains, by which the coachniai,
guard, and an outside passenger were preclpitatity
thrown off the coach ; and, extraordinary as it col
appear, the horses proceeded to Brentford.
they were stopped, at a rate not much exceeding: ec
usual pace; so that fortunately for the inside Nwr,
gers they were not apprised of their perilous s:al'
At the distance of about thirty yards another 147!7"
stone was placed in like manner, which :It: C.tc''
wheels also loaioe in contact with. "Ch.: co ,chno
fell on some. gravel, by which means he escs?eii
The guard is the only person who received perboul
injury, from a bruise on his side, and his righthaa
is much hurt, bat out dangerously.
The hop oast'of Mr. Sumas, of Beckley, Susie;
on the last day of his drying. unfortunately cau:elt
fire, and was totally consumed, together with 113rie
quantity of hops which it contained.
Last week a poor woman, in Back-street, 1316°'
whilst hanging her clothes to dry out of a two-storf
window, lost her balance and fen to the grounJ, bl
which she broke her thigh; and in a few hours 50•
soquently she was safely delivered of a fine boy,-
•
Both mother gpd child us alive.

watt
eptlCC flPte
theeefrrpiff ll'
kaW
4C7'.1)
her 4
choir
by d
"1.% deli!
Ibl
0 •
feltr e
dlOll
SO V
• a !:.el f r
whi,
nd
S4;':l,
cad,
and
n~ur2cmit effo
ondot• an
OM
the Al; Na,
tam think
r I. ore
Jobe
os
'acke's, a
'ark
abut
ai
Mail, MO,
sber, to Vs,
; 4r.sem,
l'ecee•ledrik
t. is
1,, from Cald3
;e, Arn.l4.
▪ ntrii Ar• ''e
r la;
:lest
"Wr,,,(;
r HaVrei /
the prapry
,as
,ungacr,
with a ray
is- It bei
runnings!
tney Caa,s
n eddy, mi
e ng
tother met
g a
crew, ,etl
the eines*
lugt is
elt. he ;lc,.
oilier., .ors
le last titre.
aickerl
it When *.ti 4
Is of g Ma, t
, glm
srly all I
to recordei.
retch Papa,
nto the dl t.
, from IN
died.
Wlut
late alio=
unt twit by
irks carrvist
England, to I
ny of Occe.
Aurally, as‘
.sit into the
, to enjoy
ars of elm
to Englaol,
same aegis.
another fitih
hat inert et-
sure, but Ca
l'he jr urn:
)(her French
many with
1 to perceive,
liptiQtreahgtesenilesS,:c;:itLnetreo.:
in this Lot-
• Prizes of
Sale. at tSt
26, Oirmt,
The Drat .
il•coacUltni
r-greca tea.
Richrinods
I part ct a
d on the 40?.i
e C04:113131,
precipitaal
y as it mil
ford. w"•er
eeeding
nude paw-.
:Tao us s:a't,
inother 1e,71
:h c'
lie coAchmei
he escapC
ived persoril
is right hand
!kley, Susses.
