• :

-- • • FRENCH PAPERS.
. . -

PARIS. JANUARY S.
The Moniteur of to-day contains the Decree of the
Emperor, appointing the Empress Regent during
his absence with the army.

PARIS, FEBRUARY 4.-

In order to increase the measures employed for the
defence of the city of Paris, indentures lcmseaux).
have been opened at some distance from each other,
in the walls which are on each side of the barriers.
The doors and windows of these barriers at the side
next the country are walled up, and indentures also
made there as well as on the palisadoes.

Before the buttresses of some barriers ditches are
digging, and bastions in palisadoes raising before
the gates.
Letters from Bayonne say, that the yellow fever
prevails in the hospitals of the English army, and
makes great ravages there.

The divisions of French troops which have been
sent to the interior, are already replaced by new re-
giments of conscripts.

PARIS, FEBRUARY S.

Our writers have called to rur remembrance the
famous periods of our ancient history, when the
French, led by able Chiefs, stopt armies which were
bringing to them shame and slavery. But would not,
instances selected from the present war still better
animate the people and the army, to these last com-
bats which they have to maintain for the safety of
their country? Twenty-orie years ago we gained the
victory of Valmy.
The French, to be invincible at home, have enly
to be like themselves. •The flight of the Allied So-
vereigns, and the rapid conquest from the enemy of
our fortresses on the Rhine, are a living lesson for
our soldiers, and a presage of the victory which
awaits them.

Here follows a description of the battle of Valmy,
in which it is stated that seventy thousand young
French troops, and Marshal Kellerman and General
Bournenville, stopped in the plain 150 thousand of
the best troops of Prussia and Austria; saved Park
from pillage; and, by unforeseen obstacles, put a
sudden stop to the rapid and brilliant, but transitory
successes with which Frederick William had begun
his career.
