S

LONDON.

,ILYCHEQUER BILL LOAN OFFICE,

South &a House, August 6, 1622.
WHEREAR an Act has passed in the present
Session of Parliament, Cap. 86, " to amend two Acts
of the 57th year of his.late Majesty, and the first year of his
present Majesty, tor authorising the issue of Exchequer Bills,
and the advance of Money for carrying en Public Works and
Fisheries, and .tmployment of the Poor; and to authorise a fur-
ther issue of Exchequer Bills for'the purposes of the said Acts."
Notice is hereby given, that all applications for Loans under
the said Acts, by any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or
any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or Person or Per-
sons engaged in or desirous of carrying on any Works of a public
nature, or for the encouragement of the Fisheries, or the sup-
port of any Collieries or Mines, or any Trustees of Roads, Rail-
ways, or Drainages; or any Person or Persons proposing to
undertake any Embankment from the Sea, in Great Britain,
specifying the amount required, the purposes to which the same
is to be applied, and the security proposed, are to be addressed,
sealed ep, to WILLIAM HOLDEN, Esq. Secretary to the
Commissioners, constituted by the Acts, at their Office as above.

THE EVENING STAR.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 17. 1822.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Very little business doing this morning. Consols remain
steady at 806.
FORZIGN Froms.—Pay-day of Chilian, which was yesterday,
has passed over without any defaulters of note. Spanish Bonds
seem to rise.—New Spanish 635 ; Old 645 ; New Prussian
865 5 ; Old 89; Chilian 83 to 5; Danish 87%; Russian 835 ;
Neapolitan 746; Colombian 86 ; Scrip 885.
PRICES OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 2511,E %-3 per Cent. Reduced 81%
11 per Ct. Cons. 801/2 3/4 3V, per Cts. 9234
Bank Long Annuities '2l 20 15-16
India Stock, 249%--New Annuities 80%,
Exchequer Bills of £l,OOO, 7s. 9s. 7s.
Ditto Small Ss. 6s.—Do. Commercial 7s. 9s.
Consols for Act. 801/2 3/8 1/2.

This forenoon we received a Lisbon Mail, bring-
ing Papers to the 4th instant. The Committee ap-
pointed for drawing up the additional Articles of the
Constitution of Brazil, have presented their plan to
the Cortes.

We had hoped that the Portugueze Government
would, by this time, have considered it hopeless to
attempt to preserve Brazil as a Colony, and would
have been the first to recognise its independence; the
following, however, is the plan proposed:

Art. I. There shall be, in the Kingdom of Brazil, a Delega-
tion of the Executive Power, to which ail the Provinces of that
Kingdom shall be subject, and which shall be called " Regency
of the Kingdrm of Brazil." It shall have the title I Tratamento)
of Majesty, and shall reside in the most convenient part of Brazil,
which the law shall designate.

11. The Regency shall be composed of seven Members, who
shall be chosen by the king, as well as duet substitutes, who
shall be called to supply the place of the former when wanting,
according to the order in which they shall be designated by

the King.
111. In order to make this choice, each of the Provinces,
when it proceeds to the election of the Members of the Provin-
cial Juntas, shall nominate, besides those who ate to compose,
them, one for the Regency; in case of an equality of votes, the
election to be decided by drawing lots; these Members may,
be re-elected.

IV. The names of the persons elected for the Regency shall
be transmitted to the King; and the selection of them shall be
Made in such a manner that the Regency shall nut be wholly
composed of Members from the Northern or Southern Pro-
vinces, but from both.
V. The President and Vice-President of the Regency shall
be chosen by the Members themselves out of their own body.
VI. The Regency shall have three Offices of Secretary of
State, one for the affairs of the Interior and Finance, one fur the
Narine and War, at:d the third for the affairs of Justice and Re-
ligion ; and the matters which appertain to each of these depart-
ments respectively, shall be transacted in the name of the King.
VII. The Regency shall present to the King a triple list for
Secretaries of State, of which his Majesty shall select one.
VIII. In case of miiconduct they shall be suspended by the
Regency, which shall appoint others ad interim, and the Regency
as well as its Secretaries shall be responsible to the King.
IX. There shall be in the Kingdom of Brazil a supreme Tri-
bunal of Justice; it shall have the same attributes as that in the
Kingdom of Portugal and Algarve, and shall exercise its func•
tions in the same place in which the Regency shall reside.
X. The Regency of the Kingdom of Brazil shall not be,
competent—

r. To present to Archbishoprics and Bishoprics; fur which,
however, it shall send triple lists of those who shall be the best
qualified, fur the King to choose one.
2. To appoint to the places in the Supreme Tribunal of Justice.
3. To appoint to the office of Lieutenant-General, and those
superior to it.
4. To appoint Ambassadors, Consuls, or other Diplomatic
Agents; to make Political or Commercial Treaties with Fo.
reigners ; to declare War and make Peace.
.5. To grant Titles, though for the recompence of services, as
well as any other reward, the application of which is not deter-
mined by the law.
This project was ordered to be printed without
delay.

We received a German Mail this forenoon, bring-
ing the Austrian Mover to the .sth inst. and Frank-
ton Papers to the 11th. It would appear that the
report of millions of roubles being subscribed for the
Greeks in Russia was unfounded, as the wretched
fugitives are now quitting the country in the most
deplorable situation, and destitute of everything.—
The accounts from the Peloponnesus, and of the death
of the Captain Pacha, so revived their courage, that
185 Hydriots and Spezziots, who were at Odessa,
immediately resolved to sell their ships, and to make
on foot the long journey to Ancona (as they are not
admitted at Trieste). They have already passed the
frontiers, and affirm that 2000 Greeks will follow,
all resolved to return home by this long journey on
foot, to expose their lives for their religion and country.
Letters from Alexandria, of the Bth June, say that
there have been some cases of plague among the

7rz-

lowest clan, but, as the hot season was far advanced,
it was hoped that it would not spread.
Viaxwt, Aua. 9.—Metalliques, 79i—Bank Shares, 787 3-10.
Aua. s.—Metalliques, 791—Bank Shares, 789 14.
The Turks, it will be seen, still continue to riot in
unrestrained massacre, to the disgrace of the Christian
Powers of Europe, who look tamely on while their
brethren are indiscriminately murdered.

TRIESTE, JULY
We have received news from Smyma,to the 6th of July, by
the way of Lepanto. Destruction has at length fallen on the
Mastic villages in Scio. The Turks have fallen on them, and
have cut to pieces, drowned, burnt, or carried into slavery,
30,000 men, women, or children.

. .
- .
On the sth of July 780 virgins, from 13 to 17 years of age,
were brought by the Asiatics to Tchesme, and conducted, bound
with cords, to the stave markets—some to Smyrna—some to the
interior of Asia. An eye-witness affirms that they were the
lower of the virgins of Scio, and that great numbers perished
on the way with hunger and misery. Some Christian boys, of
seven years of age and under, were kept to be educated in the
Makometan religion.
There are great rejoicings in all the islands of the Archipelago,
on account of the disaster of the Turkish fleet.

An article from Odessa, in our (the Frankfort) Journal of yes-
day, states the above particulars in nearly the same words :
" The Barbarians," it says, " when they saw the fleet burning,
hastened, in the first excess of rage, to the Mastic villages, and
murdered near 20,000 Christians, who, it is well known, had be-
fore given up their arms, at the persuasion of the European Con •
suls." The Oriental Spectator, of Smyrna, in relating this circum-
stance, says-0 The Turks, to the number of 20,000 (having
been dissuaded from their first purpose, to storm the residences
of the Consuls, and murder the Greeks), went into the country,
and attacked the Mastic villages, the inhabitants of which they
massacred, or seized as slaves."

The French Papers of Wednesday have reached us.l
The Court of Assizes at Colmar continues its pro-,
ceedings against the conspirators ; the defence of the
accused has commenced ; and an eloquent appeal in
their behalf has been made by the Council.
The Cottrier Francais mentions, that a report had
reached Paris on Tuesday evening, that the Marquis
of LONDONDERRY had died of a fit of apoplexy.• The
Journal des Debuts state's the same melancholy fact,
and mentions that the intelligence was conveyed to
the French Government by telegraph.
Two or.thtee of these Papers quote from a German
Journal the following Proclamation, addressed by the
Areopagus, or Government of the Eastern P►ovinces
which have shaken off the Turkish yoke, to their
countrymen settled in Europe :

" It is now generally known, and we doubt not but that you
are already acquainted with the fact, that at last our nation has
adapted a Government—that the troubles and disorders inse-
parable from anarchy, together with their dreadful consequences,
have ceased—and that we make daily advances towards the en-
tire deliverance which is promised us by general liberty, and the
destructlon of the unheard-of oppression of despotism.
4" In consequence, we announce to you that we fight with all
our force to.extirpate our inhuman tyrants, and to expel them
front the soil of Greece; and that as often as we have come to
graj•ple with the enemy, we have, by the assistance of GOD,
come off victoriou.y.

" We continue to fight with courage, and endeavour to ac-
complish impossibilities by means of a general levy and extraor-
dinary sacrifices. We put even the stones in motion. Hitherto
victory has been faithful to us; and, full of confidence in succours
from on High, we carry the war against our enemies into Thes_
saly and Macedonia.
" Let the ancient enthusiasm of llellenians (Greeks) for their
dear country animate you likewise—you who belong to Greece
and are settled in Europe. Come to her assistance as much as
you can, by sending money, provisions, and militat y stores—
se•nd them to the Council of the Hellenian people, to enable them
to encounter the extraordinary demands of the sacred struggle.
" Suns of Attica, of Banda, of Enbtea, of Phncis, of Locris,
of Thessaly, and Macedonia, if you destine your succours to the
Provinces which gave you birth, send them as soon as possible to
the Areopagus. The blessing of Hwy:, the gratitude of your
country, will be the recompense of your generosity and patriotism.
" On the coast of Eubcea, the Second Year of Liberty."
(Signed by s:veral Members of the Areopagus).

The Greeks found in Patras 30 cannon, a great
quantity of munitions of war, and provisions, and the
treasure of the Governor, estimated at 30,000 golden
Mahmoudies.

The news from Spain is not of a later date than
those which we presented on Wednesday.
French Funds, Aug. 11.—Five per Cents. 931.

We this day give a fall Report of the Trial and
Conviction of Bridle, the late Keeper of lichester Jail.
The attempts to screen the conduct of this man have
given an importance to his conviction, which his cru-
elty, wanton as it has been, could not have done.—
He was tried on two distinct charges of cruelty
—fist, for confining MARY Cote, who had an in-
fant at her breast, to solitary confinement in a damp
cell, without fire, or provisions and water in due
quantities ;—secondly, for applying a blister, not
for any medical purpose, but as a punishment, to
the head of a man named Gardiner, whose hands were
at the same time restrained by a strait waistcoat, and
who was confined for several days in a solitary cell.
On the first charge he was acquitted ; but the
second act of unlawful severity rested on testimony
that could not be shaken, and he was convicted.

Yesterday morning, soon after nine o'clock, the
Duke of YORK left town on his return to Brighton.
Yesterday being the Anniversary of the Birth-day
of the Duke of YORK (who has completed his fifty-
ninth year), the Theatres, and the houses of his Royal
Highness's Tradesmen, were elegantly illuminated on
the occasion.

The Duke of BEDFORD is sufficiently convalescent
to take his departure from his present residence, Ends:
leigh, Tavistock, which his Grace purposes to do in
a few days.

Letters from Marseilles bring accounts from Moga-
doge that MuLex SOLYMAN has returned to the capi-
tal, and all was quiet there—business begat{ to revirc.

~a!a

Ills MAJESTY'S VISIT TO SCOTL'AIkiD.

It will be seen from the Edinburgh Gazette Extra-
ordinary and the private letters we this day publish,
that, owing to the unfavourable state of the weather,
his MAJESTY's royal yacht did not reach Leith until
four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, when she cast
anchor, about a mile and a half from the shore. At
the time the royal yacht was discerned bearing up the
Frith of Forth, it was raining heavily, and had done
so for some hours previous; but an immense multi-
tude was nevertheless collected, who bore the incon-
venience cheerfully, in expectation of being gratified
by:the sight of the Km's landing, and the first to
welcome him to his northern kingdom. An official
communication was however made to the Magistrates
of Leith, who were assembled at the platform and at
the Exchange, in readiness to receive his MAJESTY, that
the landing would not take place until the following
day. It was understood that his MAJESTY was slightly
indisposed from sea sickness during the heavy gales
of Tuesday, but that the principal reason for his not
landing was the unfavourable state of the weather,
and the consequent inconvenience to those attending
on the ceremonial. It is more probable, however,
that his MAJESTY had then received, though the
event had not generally transpired, the intelligence
of the melancholy death of the Marquis of LONDON-
Denny, and that the shock it would necessarily occa-
sion deprived him for the moment of the spirits re-
(visite to support the ceremonial of a public entry.
All the vessels'in the Roads fired salutes as the KING
entered, and his MAJESTY, who appeared on deck in
a naval uniform, acknowledged in the usual manner
the cheers which hailed his arrival.
I EDINBURGII GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY.
" JIMMIED IT •UTLIORITT.

~ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1822.

" His MAJESTY having been pleated to fix the
hour of twelve o'clock to-morrow, the 15th of August,
for his landing at Leith, the Procession, formerly or-
dered by the Edinburgh Gazette Extraordinary, of the
10th instant, will be ready to move off from Queen-
street at ten o'clock, in the order therein prescribed,
with these alterations:
