BIRMINGHAM JOURNAL, MAY 28.

At the public dinuer given to Mr. Foley and Captain Spencer, the
successful candidates for Worcester, Dr. John Johnstone, the chair-
man. proposed their health', when they 'poke as follows :-
Ihe hon. I'. H. Foley.—Dr. Johnstone and gentlemen. It is with
feelings of heartfelt pleasure and gratitude, which no words are ade-
quate fully to express, 1 now rise to return you thanks, as one of the
representatives of the county of Worcester. The manner in which I
have been placed in this distinguished situation, I shall remember to
the latest day of my life. In my return, the cause of Parliamentary
reform has triumphed. The gentleman who has proposed my health,
in conjunction with that of my hon. collengue, stated that I voted fur
the recent measure introduced by his Majesty's ministers. I did vote
for that bill, because I believed, and do still believe, that it is calcu-
lated to promote the peace, prosperity, and permanent security of this
great country. That bill, if pasted into a law, will, I consider,
not ;only secure the liberties of the people, but renew rights
which have long since faded away. lam not one of those who
consider that Parliamentary Reform will diminish the dignity
of the Crown • hut, on die other hand, 1 think that it will add
to its lustre and stability, by forming a still closer connexion between''
the people and the Government. (Cheers.) Fur these reasons I
voted fee the bill, and for these reasons it shall again have my sup.;
port in every stage. (Cheers.) Again, gemlemen, I cannot but ex-
press the pride 1 feel in being selected as the humble means of convey-
ing to Parliament the opinions of the county of Worcester upon this
important question ; and my admiration of the noble stand which the
freeholders of Worcestershire made against wealth, bribery, and every
species of illegal influence. (Cheers.) In return, gentlemen, for the
honour conferred upon me, I beg to assure you that my sole object
shall be to discharge the important trust confided to me, to the very
best of my power. (Cheers.)
Captain Spencer returned his most sincere thanks for the honour the
company had done him by drinking his health. The hon. gentleman
by whom the toast was proposed, had alluded to the circumstance of his
being a stranger in the county of Worcester. It would be impertinent
and gross vanity in him were he even to soppose, for a moment, that
there were not gentlemen in the county of Worcester more competent
than he was to discharge the duties of a Member of Parliament. His
(Capt. S.'s) life and habits had hitherto been retired, mid little calcu-
lated to suit him for the business of a senator. When, however, it
became a question whether or not Worcestershire should return a
Member whose vote on the question of Parliamentary Reform would
neutralise that of his honourable friend—when this became a ques-
tion, and he heard of it, he felt compelled, by a sense of duty, to
attempt to rescue the county from such a disgrace. (Cheers.) The
invitation he received was certainly not a general one ; but he was
proud to say that, although the invitation was not general, his muse
had ultimately become general throughout the county.—(Cbeers.)—
they would allow him to congratulate the company assembled and all
his fellow.countumen, upon the certain fact that the ministerial mea-
sure of Parliamentary Reform was now carried.—(Cheers.) The re.
turns already made rendered its success certain. To hint, whose feel.
ings upon this subject were naturally strong, such a consumination was
highly gratifying. lie anticipated with inexpressible delight the plea-
sure of adding his aye to that glorious majority which will unques-
tionably carry that most important question. It was altogether unne-
cessary for him to dilate upon a subject which must be familiar to the
intelligent company he was addressing ; but they would allow him to
say, that, to the energy, activity, and patriotism, of many whom he
now saw around him, was in a great degree to be attributed the
triumph of their cause aLNVorcester. By their conduct they had evinced
their opinions on the subject of Reform. Who, indeed, would say that
Birmingham, the seat of wealth and manufactures—the metropolis of
the Midland counties—should be unrepresented ? No one would ad-
vance such an absurdity. He congratulated them that these days of
darkness were fast passing away, and would detain them no farther than
by saying, that in return for the seal the gentlemen of Birmingham had
displayed in his cause, he should be happy on any occasion to execute
in the best way he was able any Parliamentary business with which
they might entrust him.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Scholefield said, that before he proposed the toast that had been
put into his hands, he should advert to a ph in one of the last
week's newspapers, to the following effect—that " Capt. Spencer had
distinctly stated that he accepts the representation of the county of Wor-
' cester for the next Parliament only." This looked like a renewal of war
almost before the freeholders of 11 orcestenth ire had laid down their arms
after the conflict now scarcely ended. Was the insinuation meant to
forbid Capt. Spencer from again offering himself to the county of Wor-
cester? This was a matter which the electors had quite as great an in-
terest In as Capt. Spencer, nor did any reason exist why they might not,
if they saw proper, invite Captain spencer to represent them in a new
Parliament. Captain S. hod been called by our opponents a stranger ?
but surely the names borne by the Captain and his honourable colleague
were not new to the country—both were well known and much-ho.
noured names : and if instances were wanted to show that the nation
were not opposed to the Aristocracy, as a body, we could refer to
the choice of Members just made by the counties of Worcester and
Northampton ; if, however, Captain Spencer should decline to offer
himself to represent Worcestershire in a new Parliament—a de-
termination he (Mr. Spencer) for one, should certainly regret, as
he fancied he could discover, in what he had already seen of the
gallant officer, enough to justify hopes of promise. that he would
make an upright and meritorious Member of Parliament; yet,
should Captain Spencer decline the honour of sitting again for
Worcestershire, there could be no doubt that men could be found,
perhaps Sir Thomas Winnington, or some other tried friend.of
the people, to represent their own county. The county of Warwick
had done itself great credit by cleaning Sir Gray.Skipwith, on whom
the honour unexpectedly, as was well known, fell, and whose great
and principal recommendation to his brother freeholders, was his cha-
racter for being a truly honest man, distinguished for this excellent
quality as the excellent administration of the present day was distin.
guished, when it wu called, as it were proverbially, the " honest"
administration of Lords Grey and Althorp ; in looking back upon the
past contest, Mr. S. begged to say, that neither he nor any of the op:
ponenta of Colonel Lygon were influenced by any personal feelings
towards the gallant Colonel, it was altogether on "principle" that they
opposed the Colonel—the county was opposed to the principles of To-
ryism—the principles of master and slave—and to adopt the words of
of Sir. Thomas Duncombe, in the House of Commons on the debate on
the reform bill, he (Mr. S.) would say, let not the Tories
of Worcestershire or of Warwickshire " lay the flattering unction
to their souls," and believe that Colonel Lygon, the Tory, would
ever again be sent to Parliament to represent the County of
Worcester. He would not detain the Meeting anv longer, but
should propose the toast that had been aligned to him, viz. " The
Constitution, the whole Constitution, and nothing but the Constitu-
tion." It was, pehups, fortunate br the company that Sir Robert
Peel was not at their table, as the lion. Baronet has so emphaticall7
declared his dislike and abhorrence of the repetition of the " whole '
13111, lie might probably have experienced a difficulty in swallowing
the toast of the whole Constitution." Mr. S. was sure that Mr.
Turner would excuse him for amending the account he gave of Mr.
Thomas Price's munificent subscription to the expenses of the Wor-
cestershire election. Mr. Price, although not a freeholder of the
county, gave 1001. and offered to make the sum 51101. if It were wanted.
Captain Spencer, in reply to Mr. Scholefield, said, that although he
could not pledge himself as to the course be should deem it right to
take at the next election, this he would state, that if circumstances
should require him again to come forward, he should not be found
wanting. (Cheers). He begged leave to give " The Town and Trade
of Birmingham."
At the late fair in the Corn Market there was little doing, the sup-
ply of all descriptions of grain were plentiful, hut there was little
disposition to purchase, and priers scarcely upheld our last week's
report.—The horse market was thronged with the lowest description of
horses, those of a useful sort were scarce ; and of high character, barely
one shown
eenreerwereotaftticteer of two
lathtetesfaideser, rtiru;P in the fair; but what there
tions were alone saleable. Of the al character
few changed hands. The supply of fat cattle and sheep was tolerably
large, and the whole were readily taken off at a small advance
on the curtency of this day se'nnight ; stores also stet a ready sale.
Out of 66/ Leicester voters residing hi Birmingham, many of whom,
being in humble life, will be utterly disfranchised by the operation
of the Reform Bill, 62 are found to be reformers, three anti-
reformers and six neutral,
Mr. John Goldner, of Rourton.on.the-Hill, having sustained consi-
derable loss by the tot in'his sheep, his landlord (the Rev. ne: Warne-
ford) has, unsolicited, presented him with a valuable heifer, and two
hundred pounds in cash. A noble example !

Yesterday, according to annual custom, the schools in connexion with
the Established Cimrch walked in procession to St. Philip's and Christ
Church, when sermons were perched on the occasion. l'he number of
children of the various shads which attended was 44563 _

_ ____ --Boys Girls Boys Girls
blue Coat .. 143 71 St. Philip's School
National ... 355 145 of Industry ... 4$
St. Martin's ... 74 77 St. Mary's... 190 210
St. Philip's ... 110 183 fit. Bartholomew's 150 as
Christ Chutch .. 904 264 St. Paul's... 40 78
St. George's ... 200 180 Asylum ... 100 100
Bs. Peter's ... 138 180 Ashted .. 200 130
St. Thomas's .. 164 230 Deritend &Bordesley 306 220
CAUTION TO DRUGOIATI.--011 the 14th insL a man named Ed-
ward Job, a wheelwright and wrier, of Claverdon, near Henley-in-
Arden, went to a dc's in Warwick, with a prescription of sheep
remedy, and whilst the medicine was preparing, Job asked the druggist
to prescribe something fora pain in the side, to which he was subject.
The druggist immediately made up an application, but very negligently
put it into a bottle of the mine form and size as the one which con.
tamed the sheep remedy, sad without fixing a label on either. On the
following day Job applied, as he conceived, the proper application to his
side ; but, unfortunately, he was soon undeceived, by the great pain be
almost immediately experienced from the powerful nature of the mix-
ture. Professional assistance was called in, but without effect, as he ex-
pired after being subject to a week's most excruciating torments. In-
deed, such was the powerful nature of the application, and the effect it
had on the poor fellow, that immediately after death, his whole corpse
became quite a jet black, and presented the most horrid spectacle ima-
ginable.
FOREIGN CONTRACTS TOR Assn.—We understand that the
execution of the great French contract for arms taken by the manu-
facturers of this town is, for the present, suspended, Orders to this
effect were received in Birmingham on Thursday evening; and, in
obedience to instructions, the inspector appointed to superintend the
work went to London the same evening. 'l'he reason for this step is
yet unknown : although we have heard it intimated that the impossi-
bility of completing the contract within the time specified is most likely
to be the cause. By the terms of the contract, the arms are required to
be delivered about the middle of the next month. We believe, how.
ever, judging from the present forwardness of the work, it would be ha-
possible to complete it within • month from that time. It will be re.
collected that a few months ago it was currently reported that our menu.
faeturers bad received orders for arms from Poland. Such, we are now
inelkied to believe, was the case. Within this last fortnight, from 15
to 20,000 stand of arms have been exported to the Continent, painted
and packed as gas.piping. This precaution. we presume, is adopted to
snare their safe transmission through the German states.
During the week we have had wine remarkably fine and seasonable
weather, and the progress of vegetation has much advanced. On Sun-
day and Monday this town and neighbourhood experienced violent
thunder storms, without, however, being subject to any particular da-
mage. The effects have been quite the reverse in malty parts of the
country. At the seat of Mr. Pateshall, Allensmore, Herefordshire,
some fine oaks were injured, and two cattle, which had taken shelter
under them, were killed. At Burghill, the electric fluid struck a house
I and set fire to some bed-curtains. At Mr. Cooke's, at Lower Lyde,
the damage was most serious ; a torrent of water suddenly burst from
the clouds. and swept away part of a field of barley ; and the surface of
another field, prepared for Swede turnips, was carried off, as though it
had been ploughed from top to bottom ; at least 1000 loads of earth were
removed, and the fences and stone walls torn up and scattered in the
course the torrent took ; whilst the meadows for mowing were covered
with muddy water ; the hop-blues were nearly all cut off by the hail;
the spring crops of corn were also sadly cut up. At Mr. Palmer's
farm near Ross, thirty fat sheep, which were sheltering under a tree,
were struck dead.
On Saturday last, a placard was profusely posted in the streets of
Leeds, calling - a meeting of the Radical Reformers, to Ise held at the
Brewers' Arms, on Wednesday evening, to support and defend Mr.
Hunt, the consistent advocate of radical reform, who had been tea-
duced and misrepresented." A very animated discussion took place,
which terminated in the following resolution :—" That in the opinion
of ibis meeting, Mr. Hunt's conduct on the question of reform has
shown either that he Is incapable of performing the duties of a legis-
lator, or that he has intentionally aided the boroughmongers in with.
holding from a large portion of the people their just rights. That his
assertion, that for five shillings he could obtain to any petition any
number of signatures he pleased, wits slandering the good sense of the
working classes, and furnishing their enemies with the best of all argu-
ments for keeping them in a stale of degradation and slavery ; and,
therefore, that he is no more worthy of the trust of sincere reformers."
A report having reached Daventry on Saturday that the Tory Can.
didates had resigned the contest for the county, the Church bells of
various villages in the neighbourhood were rung merrily throughout
the remaining part of the day. The inhabitants of Daventry were pre-
vented from demonstrating their joy In a similar manner by the Curate,
who had cautiously ordered the bell ropes to be removed.
STOURPRIDGE.—On Saturday last a public dinner was given at
this town to Mr. Foley and Captain Spencer. Upwards of sixty gen-
tletnen of high respectability sat down to an excellent dinner, which
was provi led ip the assembly room, by Mr. Loverock. Mr. James
Foster, Al. P. was in the Chair, sod he was supported by the two mem-
bers, and Sir T. Winnington, Ban. M. P. Mr. W. Woolryche Whit-
more, M. P. Mr. Holyeake, Mr. J. Scott, Mr. J. Pearson, and other
gentlemen from the neighbourhood, and from Bromagrove, Dudley,
Wolverhampton, and West Bromwich.
On Monday last, six students of the midwifery class, in the School
of Medicine in this town, contested the two prize medals, offered by
Mr. Ingleby, the lecturer in that department, to any two of the ands.
dates who should give the most satisfactory answers to the questions
proposed to them. The examination was conducted in writing, and on
the answers being scrutinised by three impartial and experienced mem-
bers of the profession, assisted by the lecturer, it was found that Mr. G.
Richards was entitled to the first medal, and Mr. D. Rock to the second
medal

BIIMUNORAX.—Wheat per 621bs. 7s to fle 4d. Barley, per Impe-
rial varier, for Malting, 40s to 475. Malt, ditto, Ms to Ode. Oats,
per 391bs. 34 6d to 4s 3d. Beans, per bag, 10 score gross, Old, 21s
to 225; New, 17s 6d to 19s. Peas, per bag of 3 bush. Imp. White,
IS. to 19s; Grey, 16s 6d to 17s. Flour, per sack of 280145. net,
Fine, 56s to 68s; Seconds, 52s to 545.
Haar AUMNI', MAY 24.—G00d hay and straw came sparingly.
There was a good demand foe the latter ; hay 605 to 901 ; straw 604 to
Vie per ton.
MARRIED.—Mr. S. Ken:peon, of the Willows, to Miss Elisabeth
Broom, of Woodfield House.—At Malvern, Charles W. H. livered,
Req. of Hill House, to Emma, daughter of H. Candler, Esq.—At
Whitcburch, Mr. J. Hutchinson, of Liverpool, to Mary, eldest daughter
of I Wilson, Esq.
DlED.—Aged 77, near Droitwich, Lydia, relict of R. Amphlett,
Esq.—At Hempley House, Randal Andrews, Esq. 33.—At Ombersly,
69, Hannah, relict of J. Barrett, Esq.—Mary, eldest daughter of H.
Lloyd, Esq. of Ludlow-91, Mrs. Sheppard, of Abbey Poregate,
Shrewsbury.—At Stoke Prior, Worcester, 63, Mr. W. Foley Rogers.
—At Warwick, Mr. J. Brookhouse, 73, formerly of the firm of Parkes,
Brookhouse, and Campton.—ln the Barrack Hospital, Coventry, Staff
Serjeant John Laing, 52.
FELIX FARLEY'S BRISTOL JOURNAL, MAY 28.
The individual who appeared at the Wesleyan Methodist Missionary
meeting last week, as an Indian Chief, is distinguished by the pa-
-1 tronymic of Peter Jones, being of Welsh extraction on the father's
side. His great grandfather and grandmother emigrated to Canada,
where his father married the daughter of an Indian Chief. The edo.
cation of the children was entrusted to his mother, and until his 15th
lear he was unacquainted with the English language. He received his
ndian name of Kakewaquonaby (eagle er sacred feathers), and was
instituted a chief of his tribe by an 'lndian Council, in the accustomed
manner. His person anti dress are thus described :
He is of the middle stature, with large but mild features, of a swarthy
complexion, and straight jet-black hair. His native costume consisted
of a sort of frock-coat, which, with the leggings, were made of tanned
deer skins, coloured yellow ; the collar of the coat was edged with small
beads, and the seams ornamented with leather fringe. He wore a tippet
on his shoulders, ornamented with rows of holes, made by a serrated
punch. A worsted sash of different colours was fastened round his
waist, to which was attached, on the left side, the entire skin of a mink,
formed into a pouch. His feet were covered with ornamented moats-
sins. One of the large silver medals was suspended from his neck, which
were given by the government of this country to the recognised Indian
Chiefs in British America; on one side it bore a profile of George M.
and on the reverse the British arms. He is an intelligent, well-in.
formed, and interesting character.
Ptxaeorsastat ELECTION.—This contest having lasted the
whole of the fifteen days allowed by law, closed on Thursday, when Sir
John Owen was returned by a majority of 99 votes over his opponent,
Mr. Greville. It has been stated in almost all the London papers, that
the contest has been protracted, in consequence of the assessor being fa-
vourable to the cause of Mr John Owen • whereas the direct mammy la
the fact—the assessor was inclined towards Mr. Greville ; the majority
of the votes disputed were tendered for Sir John Owen, who, had they
all been allowed for the respective candidates, would have very consi-
derably augmented his majority.
lattaxo.—Lnter written by an office! high in command at Lime-
rick, dated bat week
" I should have replied to your letter long ago, but I have been
worked aim y lege, and really more fagged than through a Peninsular
campolga. This County is in a sad state. In the county of Clare,
whirr vs age o* separated from by the Shannon, things are come to
that pll.l that lllej but martial law can save it; every sort of outrage
is esnenskiel with impunity. The Terry Alta, with their mother,
Lady Owe. stalk about at noon.day, committing murders and every
species of ousigo. disguised in female attire. 1 have road a Wear from
a soopootable elorgynsan, who says, he is living in his Glebe
hum Is a state of siege. in expectatbn of attack by night said day—
thooraused with assassination—his cattle turned of his load—his
bias threatened with death should he does to attend W any, of
bbl alsok—his labourers drawn from the field by aimed men— his son
Nadi himself actually obliged to mend the fences, no one daring to do
it tor him. Several houses knocked down in open day—Lady Clare

TerrYAlt and
hioner etc')
fully armed, and her attendant armed ruffians traversing the cout.tr,
I —serving notices—regulating rates of wagee--price Of potat,"
land, dm and neither military nor police are able to prevent them:
or bring a man to be tried by the laws of his country--not from
arty neglect or fault of theirs, but because the ruffians keep
front the public roads, and are favoured by the country people, eitht7t
avaf
through fear or from love of their system, which I believe to he th,
hiseasem.
etheeln fact,
Lea thyereasee.is no law
He
eindtisboone
eanentryebtuet
jet
et of
to afford the last comforts and consolations of religion without arm, in
his hand.—There is church militant for you! Last Sunday, a colour
e t of the sth regiment was murdered ; two men of that em p,
sergeant
policeman were badly wounded.-1 hear seven have he ,
committed for it, and I hope they will be made an example of.
We were in a bad state in this county, but by promptly piocm
detachments in all parts to support the magistrates, mi•o havi!
acted with more courage than those of Clare, I hope we have fact
the present put down the disturbers—but we are in a very ticklish state
—an immense population—very many of them badly disposed, and if
martial law is proclaimed In Clare. we shall be the receptacle of all the
ruffians in that country, unless they give us the same code—nothirg
else will do. I assure you, Ido not sleep on a bed of roses, and often
wish myself in the peaceable mountains of Cambria. Thank GOD, I
have good accounts from my wife and children. I did intend to bring
them over, but that is impossible in the present state of affairs. I hope
they will mend, but I fear things are not at the worst yet. We 4%,
here the 17th Lancers, headquarters of the 56th and 74th, 7 comp,
nies of the 76th, and a battery of artillery ; and the 9th Regt. marches
this day from Dublin for Limerick."
On a tomb-stone in Mathern Church-yard, near Chepstow :
" To the memory of John Lee, of this parish, who died May 4th,
1825, aged 103 years.
John Lee is dead, that good old man,
We ne'er shall see him more;
He used to wear an old drab coat
All buttoned down before."
BRIATOL COIN EXCHANGE—TRUItaDAYo-Price of Wheat per
sack of 331 lbs, 44s to 461; Foreign wheat per Imperial bushel 7s 9d
to 8s 9d; English Wheat do, 8s to 8s 6d; Irish do, &3d to 7s 3d;
Welsh do, fle 6d to 7s; Malting Barley do, 4s 94 to &9d ; Barley for
Grinding, 3e 3d to &Od ; White Pease do, fis j6d to 5s 9d; Pigs'
Pease per bushel, 5s to 5s 3d ; Pale do, 7s to & 3d ; Brown do, fat 911
to 7s 9d ; Beans do, 4s 9d to 58 6d ; Foreign do, 4s 6d to 5s ; Oats,
Poland do, 3s 4d to 3s 9d; Feed do, 21 94 to & Id; Flour, fine, per
sack of 2c. 2qr. bibs. do, 46s to Itis ; Seconds do, 42s to 445.
MARRIED.—At Poole, Major E. M. Wood, 14th
refit. to Mary Ann, youngest daughter of John Durant, Req.—At
Barberton, Richard R. °debar, Esq. of Hinwiek House, to Sophia,
the eldest daughter of Jasper Perron, of Dutirldge, Esq.—At Whit-
, church, Henry Goldwyer, lisq. surgeon, to Miss Rebecca, daughter of
the Rev. Dr. Asbe.—At Compton Bishop, Mr. Parson, of Southamp-
ton, to Lucy Anne, youngest daughter of Peter Fry, Esq. of Compton.
horse.—Mr. R. Falkner, banker, to Miss Mary Langley ; both of
Bath.—Chas. T. bionic, Esq. of' Melksham, to Anne, daughter of
Mr. F. H. Falkner, of Lyncombe Cottage.
DIED.-70, the Rev. J. Stump, Governor of the Wesleyan Aca-
demy, Woodhouse-grove. —Ann, wife of Mr. Joseph Dando. Mr.
Starr, of Boreham, near Warminster.—Ann, wife of Mr. S. Williams,
Clifton, and eldest daughter of the late Rev. James Bundy, of Bristol.
—2O, Martha, eldest daughter of Mr. Wm. Bryant, of Pembroke.—
At Gloucester, Mrs. C. A. Lawrence, of Thornbury.—At Bath, Jane,
second daughter of Mr. John Cadge, late of Wiveliscombe—At Wes.
ton, near Bath, 82, Mr. John Millard.-75, Naomi, wife of Mr. S.
Slowley.
MANCHESTER AND SALFORD ADVERTISER,
MAY 28.

- - - - -
DREADFUL Fiat —On Sunday evening last, a few minutes before
twelve o'clock, a fire was discovered in the woollen cloth mill of Messrs.
Taylor, Son, and Gibson, of Springhead, Saddleworth, which raged
with great fury until a late hour on Monday morning, and has left
nothing but a heap of ruins. It is not yet known how the fire °Tie-
nated, but it has been strongly rumoured that it is the work of some in.
cendiary. The damage is very considerable. We have been informed
that the building is insured in three offices.
Of course the murder of Mr. Thomas Ashton, eldest son of Mr. S.
Ashton, of Pole Bank, Wenieth, near Hyde, on the Sd of January
last, is fresh in the recollection of our Readers. It will also be remem-
bered that although a reward of no less a sum than 1,6001. was offered
for the apprehensiou of the murderers, and a free pardon to all but the
actual perpetrator of the deed, the murder has ever since been enve-
loped in the most profound mystery. Within the last few days, how-
ever, circumstances have transpired which seem to warrant the suspi-
don that some of the parties concerned have at ;ast been secured.
We believe it is now satisfactorily established that Mr. Leigh did not
die in consequence of any violence Inflicted upon him at the election.
Indeed, the fast of his remains having been interred without any inquest
having been held, is quite conclusive upon that point. That violence was
offered to him is not to be questioned ; and as there will be some men.
don made of it, it is as well to state the reason why he should have been
the object of it, who has been celebrated in an elaborate manner for
his many virtues. Mr. Leigh nut an inhabitant of Leeds. He came
to Wigan for the purpose of voting in the election for that town, of
which he has been himself elected a burgess. The resident voters had
been shamed out of the disposidon to betray their trust; and, if the
election bad rested with them, the return of two voters for the bill might
have been anticipated. At all events, the non-resident burgesses en-
dangered the election of Mr. Thieknease ; and this it is to be observed
was in a borough, in which it had been proved to demonstration, that
the right of election legally rested in the inhabitants at large, though a
corrupt committee of a corrupt House of Commons gave a contrary de-
cision. It was by violence, by fraud, that the electors of Wigan were
compelled. in contempt of their legal right, to witness the mockery of
an election of men to be styled their representatives, by the votes, in
great measure, of strangers to the town !
THZ THEATRE.— Mrs. and Mr. Wood (we only adopt the play •
bill fashion in reversing the order) commenced an engagement of eta
nit:bison Monday last. Lore its a Village was selected for their debut.
Mrs. Wood sustaining the part of Rosetta, and Mr. Wood that of Haw
thorn. The merits of Mrs. Wood are too familiar to our readers to
render necessary any disquisition respecting them : she is, without
doubt, the fleet dramatic vocalist on the British stage. This opinion,
before entertained, has been confirmed by her present visit. Her
tones are even mellower than when we last heard them ; the coin.
pass of her voice is as great, and her execution is as brilliant
as ever. These remarks are fully borne out by the songs—
" My Heart is still my Own," " Should he Upbraid," and
" Away, away to the mountain's brow." The two former were en.
cored—a compliment which would have awaited all the rest, but for a
consideration of the task this would have imposed on the frit performer.
Of the ductal, we were most pleased with that of " Love like a shadow
flies," between Mrs. and Mr. Wood; it was loudly encored. Mr. '4
for obvious reasons, was the object of no inconsiderable interest, and on
his appearance, singing There was a jolly miller once," we were
rather startled by the thunders of applause which imucd from the gal-
lery and pit. Mr. Wood, without having any pretensions to an tate!:
lectual countenance, is certainly what is termed a handsome man : his
manner is rather dashing, the upper part or his figure good, but the
lower extremities do not seem to have been cast in Nature's most per-
fect mould. Mr. Wood's musical qualifications are considerable: be
possesses a tenor voice of much power and aweetness, and ano small
portion of science. The songs_" We all love a pretty girl under the
rose," "My Dolly was the fairest thing," and The mast be, Deer
woman," were exceedingly well sung, and two of them were encored.

BIRTHS.
The 29th inst. in Henrietta.street, Brunswick-square, the lady of T.
N. Talfourd, Esq. of a son.—The 26th inst. Mrs. Stephen White,
Lamb's Conduit street, of a son.— The 29th inst. in Golden-square, the
lady of Dr. Lee. of a daughter.—The 29th inst. at Park-sheet,
son, the lady of J B. Thorpe; Esq. of a daughter.—The 30th inst. a:
Glebe-house. Chelsea. the lady of H. V. Tcbbs, Esq. of Doctors%
Commons, of a daughter.—rite 27th Inst. the lady off. Wing. Eql•
Thorne -abbey, Cambridgeshire, of a son--The 20th inst. in Somerset-
street. Portman-square, the lady of R. Nation. Esq. of a daughter.

MARRIED..
The 30th inst. at St. Mary's. Bryanstone-square, Capt. J. David Ar.
2d Life Guards, to Augusta Catherine, second daughter of Mr. ard
Lady Sarah Bayly.

lIED.

In the 83d year of his age, hue Baruh Lousada, Esq. of Devon-
shire-square--in Portman-place, Edgware-road, on the 24th imt. aged
77. Jane St. Aubyn, widow and relict of Francis St. Aubyn. Lig. late
of Plymouth-dock, in the county of Devon—the 27th inst. Miss Saab
Thomas, of Crosby-street, Walworth, in the 87th year of her age—Ste
28th inst. at Blackheath, Caroline. youngest daughter of 11. E. Ititler.
Esq. in her Bth year—at Denmark-hill, on the 29th inst. age.l
Charles, eldest son of C. Seovell. Esq. of his Majesty's Custom*.

FARRINGDON MARKET—'I'HIS DAY.
Berr—Finest Routing, Sd to Sid per it. Bolling. Sd to 63. )10;
rox—Leg, Sd. Shoulder, 7d. VIAL--Leg, Sid. Fairs. ►e-
Poaw, 6id to 9d. Lusa, 104 to Is.

SMITHFIELD HAY-11ARKRT—THIS DAY.
Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay, seit 104. to £2 15s.
ditto, £5 Os. to ZS 15s. Fine Upland Meadow and Rye Grass livY.
£5 15a to £4 4s. Clover Hay, .£5 Os. to Xs toe. wt 8112*•
£1 104 to £1 12a. Wheat &raw, lila. to £1 16r

CUMBERLAND HAY-MARKET—THIS DAV-
Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay, 40 Ss. to Xs 134
ditto, set 10s. to .C 3 ISs. Fine Upland Meadow and nye R►"'
Hay, de 346 to te 10% Clover Hay. E 3 10s. to A's lOs Oat Straw,
LI 14s. to LI 14s. Wheat Straw. LI 111 s. to Xi Os. per I"d'

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO4IORROW.
Morning Su. 24x. I Afternoon 5ll. 435.

Lownow: Printed and Published bv Joule 3latort. al l": r'l
OF/ICE, No. 1. Pickett-Out., Temple Dar.
