THE• MAURITIUS.
•

GoVErtrlatriMT ORDER.
It is with feelings of Abe deepest regret and di:.
appointment that bus Excellency the Governor has to
nonce. that the etre his departure frnm the Maori.
tius should havu beets marked by an event Which, frOm
the brutal turbulence and factious spirit that itevinCet,
must tend to confirm in the minds of the Atritish public
those imputations of disaffection, on the part of the in-
habitants of this Colony, which have been so industri.
ously propagated in' Great Britain, and whieh, it has
been his .Excellency s anxious solicitude, from an eater•
rained conviction of the contrary, to prove to be un-
founded and calumnious.
A Britith officer, high in rank, wearing the uniform
of his couture', dittinguished by his Sovereign's faiour,'
and honoured by his confidence in an important
tart' command, bas.been grossly and:publicly insulted,
at the very threshold of the Governor a town residence,
when proceeding to embark, after partaking of that
hospitality which his accidental arrival in this colony.
had entitled him to expect, *at much from a dbe COna,
deration for his services, u from the respect owing to.
the rank which he holds in the British army.
Had this cowardly and illiberal Outrage been offered
by a lawless rabble, it might have been set down to the
account of ignorant brutality; but when it is known tu
have proceeded from persons of education and reflection
...from individuals connected with the most respectable
families in the Colony, it is impossible for his EiCelleoce
not to suspect that there are stronger grounds than he
was willing to believe for the accusations of 'disaffection.'
to his Majesty's Government.
During the five years that his Excellency has edmi.,
aistered the GoVernnient of this colony, be bas never
interfered with the politiCal sentiments of any person;
but, as far as laid-in his power, has encouraged and'
brought forward deserving merit.' But if his Excellency
has no claim on the gratitude of the inhabitants,'he is
justified in expecting that the tight', of hospitality,
which the most uncivilized nations are knowp so retpect,
should not be violated etiwirds- his olen guestC
His Excellency is alsO conspellisho reeniii, that'
he considers his Sovereign to have been insulted in she
person of one of his General Officers--and the Btitish
uni4otm (which his Excellency has the hippos, to
wear) to have beenOtitriged-which gniforin, from the
very exemtplary condbct or the Miiitary-hwatifivthe
garrison* of this colony,' ought at' least to have cons=
nsanded the respect I,f the inhabitants.
To those, amongst the authors and abettors of this.
disgusting and unmanly insult, who have found an
asylam under British protection, which their own cotto-
ny has deified thefts, beasceliency makes known. that,
by having abused that protection, they have forfeited
all future claim to his folbe.orance.
Deceived and disappeinted, as hit Excellency has
been, in the confidence which he had reposed in the in.
habitants of Port ',isn't, he deeply regrets.to state that
the illusion !a pissed away—and, although hi. 4..
cellency is imprissed with sentiments of very 'nicer'
.tvgard and,e.teens for many individuals in this
and shall ever be most anxious for its prospetiiy. hi
will lease the Illautitiowitla loalings.far different iron/
those which he eniertaiued only a faw days since.,
G. LOWRY COLE, Governor and Liget. 04,5414
Rank, Ttis *ay* slat* • • .

. . •

.• • vivvval•v _•••• v. •

f~.

CADIZ, Saes. 1.
His Majesty's steam-vessel Echo, Lieutenant Bullock,
arrived here on the evening of the 19th ult. and on the
following morning Mr. Bullock, the bearer of dispatches
of some insporance, cause on shore,. and delivered his
dispatches. front the Foreign Office and from the Admi-
ralty,, both' dated the Bth of August. The Pro• Consul,
in cOnsequence,oraiced in person upon the Tribunal de
Goer's, and the Cemisernado Regio Especial, then en-
gaged in .ftying. the pirates. On the following morn-
ing, the 21st, the . packet from England arriving, Mr.
Cieorge BiOrby, mate, and afterwards Commander of
the
.Morning Star; Mr. Andrew Beyerman, steward;
and SerjearftC. H. Wilkinson, Royal Staff Corps, a pas-
senger to the Tribunal de Guerre, were sent with the
SecretairY to The Consul. After the witnesses had been
duly ;worth and their declarations taken, they proceeded
to the prison., where 26 individuals were placed .in
a room. ttiirteen'of whom werethe pirates; the witnesses
identified eight, siz of inborn were on• board the Moro-.
loge. At ihttezetnination of Theban!, bags, clothes,
. biettlitkit,by Ate" the witnesses recognised
fltr ::weaning. apparel, principally , shirts,
stockings, and iocke.as belonging. to the different pas-
sengers of the Morning Star, some to the late commas.
der,. who seas murdered, and others to themselves ; the
greater part Zif, file shirts were marked with ink, some
bad their eaines at full length, and others merely the
initial's. They alsO recognised a large trunk as beloog-
jag to poOrtaptain*Gibbs; the sabre and belt did pot
belong to Major Logic, for it had no arms upon it ; and
the pirates halve all declared that it was the sword of
the. original commander of Their vessel, Pedro Marion
di Sousa Sermento; there was on searching only one
watch found in Aepris in, a very common one, which
none of the witnesses recognised ; all the 'saleable ones,
there is no doubt, were part of the property smuggled
on Shore in the night. at Ponteredra, in Galicia. An in-
ventory ivas,takers of them , by the Spanish Authorities
at the time, and they will be ultimately restored to their
original owners wheoever the pirates are executed.
On the 22d at day light the steam boat arrived. The
'Witnesses proceeded., to the Cemisernado Regio Es-
pecial.. We entered the prison about 10, a.m. and after
the declaration cf the witnesses bad again been taken,
nearly in the same manner as the previous day, by the
Tribsmal de Gnetre,, they, again identified .the pirates,
i hut t was trot considered necessary to re-examine the
cinches.
On the,morning of , the 23d the declaration Of the
witnesses were legally ratified, both at the Tribunal de
Guerra and at ,the Cemisernado Regio Especial, and
the. Echo sailed the Aame eioniog with . the witnesses
foe, Gibialtan The question of competency, between
the, different tribtnrals here has been, decided in favour
nf.ihe Marine, and the trial of the criminals will cons-
vce, tortbsvitb. . ,
,Thepvitnesseabeai out from England, it appears, have
B
alediii identifying Benito de Soco, for this pirate, the
princ,ipal person concerne4 in all the horrorasommAtted
by these criatinals., never left his own vesselp :Mr.4lherte
the professionel, gentleman employed in ,tbe promotion
Benito Se;4 at 'Gibraltar, arrived here on. Friday
afternoon by,land, so ascertain from the Spanish antis*.
*Wes wheffier .any and . what evidence may be.. obtain-
able to supply. the deficiency in, the evidence against
Benito,Soto, as there is some reason to believe, that one
or More of the. crew of, the I.)efensorde Pedro were
willingly
,concerned in the. atrocious act of pi.
✓acy committed while they were on board. Now,
supposing this to be the case, of
:which. by the byr,
there is no evidence at the present moment, are they
not all eettally culpable? for when :they were at
large for a week bete, not one of them made any
communication to any Spanish authority; and. when
they were apprehended, not any of them confessed till
after thiLlettste.written in the prison by Manuel Antonio
Rodtigne*, to the owner of the vessel at Rip Janeiro.
disclosing the ,whole history of these villains, was in-
tercepted- by the authoritiee.- It is just possible that
some.orthe.guards who were employed on the beach
for two or three days after the vessel was wrecked, may
be. able to.awear that they have heard Soto declare that
hews& Coatis Masestre (boatswain) of the Defeasor de
Pedro, from' the day she sailed from Rio Janeiro to the
day she was wrecked near Cadiz, The Echo, Lieut.
Bullock, Commander, arrived here on the 30th of An-
at day light, and towed the Plover, Lienteaot Downey,
gust, from Gibraltar to Cadiz Bay. against a strong
woterly breeze. in IS hours. . .
Seer. s.—Tne new Captain General of Marine,
Quevedo, the sucieeser to Topese, arrived here four or
five days ago, front Ferrol and Seville; he went on Men-
day last to be installed at St. F,ernados I enclose you
a copy of the Royal Orders that came sfrom Madrid
respecting, the. pirates. Malver delivered up his direc-
tions ineneeriliately to the new Captain General, butthe
Tribunal de Guerre„have refused to , deliver up theirs
till an ord,er arritrep from Madrid, through tho.propyr_
channel;.tothat effect. The Captain General of Marine
seems desirous to finish the business, but, ,I , aw, Afraid,
unless be coil obtain permission from Madrid foe these
pirstes to be tried by Court Mahal, iostead of, the
Tribunal; it will itillbe a tedious business. By letters
received from Corinna, though not official,lt ia known
chit
.o;ttaq Peretra is in prison, one of the crew of the.
Dcfepsoi de, res!ro, who deserted psesiously , tq the
Isailing of the vessel, from Corinna, and,, two other
Memel ism also ioprisonthereoupposed to be Nicholas
Fertkaptlez and .4ptopio,,de Laida, ,who made their
escape frointhie (Cadie)en the 17thof May. • Shnilld
these twolasc prove to, Ise the onetime imagine tiiffg will
quit case. only one of, The whale . craw. missing,
rolate)y,•jose de'lo:fAelto!. ThFre has, *en: the same
competition between,the Authorities aj,Corunna,as Thine
was here. sod it, is therefore rather difficult. to get at,
the truth, , .
I am happi in he *able to inform you that Mr,,Shea
• • .
wrotesester ay to Gibraltar that the evidence which
we bailie been able to obtain will. in, his opigion, lie ePi-
ficientin tnng BenitriSotp,t*, trial there, without the
necessity` of the eysiietiee:9rany of the accomplices; Mr,
844*. i,Fefote, oply waits,The,,arrival of to.nrorrow's
P,04 horn qiiirailth. to *noire if there be any fresh in-
stiottions for therm, and if not he will start to-naorrow,
'Tiling for .Gibteltpr, and, send here for, witnesses
heaves. hi niafrequiie their evidence., Soto', uncle,
ifpn tbo,peltcla rho smuggled on
.sbore during
tffe tithe, ac,',oot,?eur.j, he three boxes contaiuipg hie
ewer watcher,
instql odlei valuables. alsoin ;nista?
47;, and' Fresno*, JaVeei Bravo, a , psei ehant,. and
#,A#480.5t,F Irici.ctMstil at Pontevedra, who alpo

following account of the port 'of Amoy, is from.
the C'ehton Register of 4th February:
Awov—lt is- perhaps new to many of our readers
that, while the Portuguese trade with China is confined
to Macao, and that or other foreign nations to Canton
the -Spaniards have the singular advantage of accent"
both these ports, besides the exclusive. privilege i f
trading at the famous port of Amoy. (French pronun-
ciation Emouy ; Chinese Mandarin dialect H le-mun :
Canton dialect Hamoon.) It is situated in the adjoining
province of Fuh-Keen, in lat. 24. 20. N. long.llB. 45. R.
and affords a fine anchorage for ships, but owing to the
want of river.- r f large size near rt, and facilities cif In-1
ternal intercourse with the rest of China, it will pro.:
bably never become a place of extensive foreign cons
merce. The capital of the province,Fow-Chow Foa,
lat. 26 N. has a river of considerable size running from
'the Bohea hills past its walls, on which account it has*
•greatly the advantage of Amoy in a commercial point
of view. The district in which Amoy is situated' pro-
duces, (according to Chinese geographers,) native silks,
cloth, iron, salt, tea, Leiche fruit, lungans, orange's, and
drugs. A military officer and a deputy Foo mirgistrate
amide at Amoy; and at the Islands called Pang.hoo,
lying between the coast of China and • the Island of
Formosa, another military officer is stationed.
It is much to be regretted that the privilege enjoyed
by the Spaniards, is likely to fall into disuse, owing to
the undue exactions of the Mandarins, which have pre-
' vented the resort of any Spanish vessels for about 20
years. We have heard the account of one of the last
expeditions. There appears to have been no fixed rate
of import or export duty, but when a ship iriived, a
special agreement was made with the Mandarins as to
the rate which should be paid. In the cur alluded to,
the vessel, apparently a small one, paid 750 dollars as
a measurement dutn and the whole capital iinportedt
whether in treasure or otherwise, was liable to a con-
tribution of five and a quarter per cent. In addition
to this, a duty was levied from the Chinese merchants
on the import and export cargo. It sometimes hap-
pened that when the.Mandatins were unreasonable in
their demands, they were brought to terms by the ves-
sel weighing anchor, and making a feint to depart, un-
til recalled by their compliance.
This happened to a Spanish vessel that chanced to
visit the port without intending to trade, in 1823. The
Mande' ins on her departure, followed her to a consider.
able distance, entreating that she would return. They
declinedtreating regarding duties, until an order should
'arrive from the Viceroy, who resided at some distance.
The Mandarins were in general extremely affabk, as
well as were the greater part of the inhabitants. many
of whom invited the strangers in passing to take tea
land smoke. Several spoke Spanish from having traded
'to Manilla in junks, and professed the Roman Catholic
!faith (as all Chinese residing in Manilla are obliged to
ido) in addition to their own.
The strangers were allowed to walk in every direr-
ition, though not in general Without the attendance of
police-men, which, however, was represented as merely
temporary until the Viceroy's regular pet mission should
be received, after which much liberty was promised.
During a short and restrained intercourse of three or
four days, but little local information could be obtained.
;Trade was represented not to be in a flourishing state,
although the foreat of Junks in the harbour seemed to
belie the assertion. The harbour was of easy access, and
remarkably well sheltered and commodious.
Any attempt to revive trade should necessarily be on.
the smallel possible scale, since from its long discos.
tinuance it is not, likely they will be prepared for the
purchase of foreign commodities, beyond the limited
local demand usually supplied by the China Junks.
A hospitable reception was experienced generally on
the coast of China, wherever touched on the occasion
alluded to, and every facility of procuring refreshments
by means of Chinese interpreters.
The English had a factory at Amoy in 1676, which
was destroyed during the civil wars by the Tartars, who
expelled the Chinese, and forced the English residents
to fly to Tonquin and Bantam. It was re-established in
the year 1686, and was continued until the trade was,
by an Imperial Edict, removed to Canton.
A few years since the tombs of such members of the
_factory as had died at Amoy were visible in the getnetry
where their remains were deposited.
AWFULLY AFFECTING SPECTACLE.
We have read many cases of self-immolation in the
East Indies, but Dean of one more striking than that
which we are about to transcribe. It took. place on
the sth of April, in the present year, at Boyish. The
sufferer was ,young stud good-looking, was very rich,
and. was repeatedly advised .not to sacrifice herself.
Such counsel, however. she steadily rejected ; she had
" eaten. the oath," and had 66 turned the holy toolsee
branch in her hair," and her mind was wholly weaned
from the world. A crowd assembled early ia.the
morning on which she was to die. As the sun rose she
looked impatiently for the arrival of the Magistrate's
dismay. Irho always attends to prevent the employ-
manor any constraint. When be arrived, heargaed
against the meditated sacrifice. The woman replied
calmly., She treated such motives as wealth, rusk,
and %ipdred, with.disdain, and .appealed to her indif.
(mace ,to 01,, sublunary things, by the disposal she
was about to make of them. When told that no cons-
POOP should be employed to *foam the observance
of her vows. her answer was," Upon compulsion I.•No I
I shall hag into his arose—Accordingly the body was
now moved, and laid on the pile, the widow carrying
the fees, which, she. frequently kissed and placed on her
head, She then went to the river to hatherand. retuned
&media a gay scarlet satin tonic, and wearing a
crown of bias*. As she saw the reality of hes condi-
sioa belore flors her lips quivered, but she
lied, anilswith the MOO perfect composure, and a band
already blistered to the bone, to show; her courage, and
of which, not one sinew quivered, she prepared a cake
of fice'iffici Plilitaina which :she . placed en the mouth
of the cotpsy. Site iben, poured some holy water owes
hlkiscsi lYslked.several times round the pile, throwing
atoond, frona.n timely, parched, rice, and exhibiting in
tier a valentine, the most perfect satisfaction.. She,
siithslus.aSsistance, climbed tip, placed herself by the

4 j 1.: It 6 . .

-ide of her husband. classed
.potrid body_uith.ber
limbs. and -placed his bead •on her arm. A Brogan
threw a sheet over them, whispered a few wordstetha
devotee, and retired. •Several attendants now begets
to pile up the-akar and its sacrifice with Ines of wood.
Some English Gentlemen indignantly interfered topes
arm this, and a few minutes elapsed. duriag which the
right arm of the 'devotee was raised. and conduit*
steadily beckoning to the crowd. as if in the exercises*
*mono. The pile was then fired. The viction'sisaid
414 i seen amid the armee waving as before, and' bee
voice (had it been possible amidst there!! of a worship.
ping -multitude) might probably bare been heard, call.
ing upon the name or her God, and exulting in death:
RXRCUTION AT MADRAS. "
. The who's of the troop., European native horn: sad
font. were under arms early on theimorning of Friday.
be I lth i f April, to witness 'the execution of William
!loss. private, Royal Regiment, for the murder of -st
!oorporAl-ef thesaime Regiment (J skis Dermot), by shoot-
itig I ins through :the• body„ as he lay asleep on him',
we night of 16th of Feb. last. The corps paraded
-en raider. foriniag• an oblong square. of which
the Horse and Foot Artillery and theist Light Canby*
!made the east and ivir,t,eods, and the Ist sad Sld bri•
wades of Infantry the Borth and :oath seder, mpectilrelyit
the gallows in the centre; General Pottier and bit stair
mere potent. Soon after theshenies in various dinr.
tions had struck six the appointed hoar. a sabaltseee
guard from the ;loyal Regiment escdrting a dolly.
which contained she prisoner; clothed in white, and.
alloogs;de of whom walked the Rev. Mr. R. Missionary
(who had constantly *needed bias since his impala:6a.
meet), eateted the north side of the square in process
sios towards the gibbet ; an Officer of the Comatissaliat.
Dopmanent, in charge of the police, accompanying,
mounted. The troops now 44 shouldered," and ' tlat
Deputy Assistant Adjutant General beginning to road
the crime, sentence. and general order to the prisoisak
was the signal for Commanding Officers of corpread
detachments to do the same to their men—the:quer*
being much too large to admit of their hearing any.
thing from the centre.
This done, they again is ordered" and stood 'at .
ease;" and now there was a pause of 10 or IS minutes,
during which the unhappy man and his clerical
omforter :sensed in earnest prayer and conversatlea
together; at length the awful moment arrived, when.,
though weakly, and reduced in appearance. he mounted
upon the drop with some activity (hut perfectly caw
posed), and, as soon as the hangman, bad pulled dowel
the black handkerchief over his face, and Slid the fatal
noose, be gave the signal almost fustandy, by clan**
his hands together ; and, the drop being struck away;
be was launchedinto eternity. Not a kick, nor a steer:
gle, was apparent; but the swingiag of the body for *
minute or two, and the salltlasped hands, showed that
life was not immediately extinct. A dark cloudy sky.
Added to the.soleasnity of the scene, Dreadful as wet
the crime for which this man hes thee stand there.
'ashy of the law, his case has excited cessiderible
latest, not to say regret. It is another proof added tar
the thousands that have gone before, of the appal.
ling consequences of drinking. He had been piously.
brought up, and was in the habit of advising antra.:
proving his comrades for drinking or swearing...wee
quite a favourite • with the Officers of the Regimen-
who knew him, and among all of whom his fate sp.-
pears to have excited much commiseratiim. He 'was
about SS-years of age.

• 16 it

FRENCH PAPER&

1 .71t011 TIM Gann% as fltinttrX. MOM 21.
PARIS, Su SO.
4 m The Astafrion Mentes of the 11th contains news
* Constantinople. dated August 28. As it is for
most part only a repetition of what we gave yester-
day, we only extract the following -details: •
" The Grand Vizier, who set out on the 20th fee
Adrianople. takes with him about 8,000 or 9,000 men t
but this foite will be increased by all the contingents'
which will join• him oo the road to Sekund*, whither
he has orders to proceed, aft- r his arrival at Adrianople.
"The Sultan is resolved to pet himself at the head of-
his army if necessary. Beery thing has been prepared'
for this purpose, both in and out of the Seraglio; but
the moment of his departure will depend upon events.-
" Though the preparations for defence are carrying'
on by several thousand workmen ont of the capital, the
same activity is exerted•to'ternsinate the important and•
costly erections of two barracks at &utari.and Tscliens•
gelkoi, of a palace for the Sultan at Begkrbei, and of
a marine barrack on the island of Halki. • A'new indi-
cation (says the (*server) of the spirit that prevails at
Constantinople glace the military. reforms in 1828; is
the adoption by the Ottoman Government of the prin-
ciples which have long since been received among Clnis-
tian.nations for the treatment of prisoners of war.
"Oa the representations of the Austrian Intetnuncie.
in favour of the Russian prisoners confined in thellagnio,
they were sent on the 18th on board several vessels to
the island of Halki, where they• were placed in a Gres k
convent. The Reis Effendi afterwards acquainted W.
d'Ottenfels that it was the express will of the &thaw
that the prisoners should be treated with mildness. thee
better food should be give* thesis; and permission to-
take exercise is the open air, and that they should be-
left at liberty to petition the duties of their religion.—
Argitopoolo (formerly Dragoman of the Porte) and
Stephaaaki Vogorides (late Caisnekan of Moldavia) bate
ibeetLrecalled keen their banishment at Bronuha.
1 "The first has at present we employment. but the
second, at his own request, will follow the Grand Vizier
to the army:

Fames Firess—lreies, San. 10.—Five per Ceets.lo,SL No.
KW M.—Three per Gets. 71L 75e. 004 1111rw.-Beak &et!,
imogn-Naples Stock, TIK toed—Royal Spud& Lass.
Hayden LOOS4 Ida SOL—Redunge so UM* ape iimedie
lig Me. New sesodis,lSLlde.--Osiestuteardpue.
PROM TIM COINTITIFTIOIIIIIII..
1111BARRASSMENTS OF RUSSIA.
PARIS, Saes SD.
Jll,llfopo sa. the Russians surinoent the obstacles op-
pasod to their passage of the Pruth and the Mesh,
edth great courage and shill. •These :necroses rppear
10 have inspired the Russians with a dangerous coo&
Nana Varna, which flatters the Ottoman pride, ate`
binding the Turks of the victory of Anserath
Ladislaus, King of =g
Hory ; lichen* which the Int
elms erposeeno inviociwe resistance to Russian yam*,
seems So have been invested with ten mall a corps to
emote success. if reinforcements do not speedily come.'
or should not be sufficient when they have mired.
!whatever may be the results of retreating behind the

.1

Danube, Russia will be wise enough to retui n thither.
On that line the Turkish frontier is studded with for-
tresses. It seems that the Russians at first, in order not
to waste time. th ught of masking these places by de-
tachments; the force of the Turkish garrisons did not
permit them to follow this plan ; the vigorous sorties
made by the garrisons of Varna, Silistria, Giurgevo,
and the success of the Pacha of Vs'iddin, have shown
the• disadvantages and dangers which might ensue.
The campaign began late; the earth, soaked with
rain, rendered marching difficult—the carriage of the
provision and ammunition was slow. To get over the
difficulties, they must first reach the plains of Romelia,
and it was necessary to get there. Meal mixed with
water and boiled is the food of the patient and sober
Russian soldier. A bag holds fifteen days meal, but
when the army separates from its magazines this re-
source is soon exhausted. The Tut ks have shown them-
selves in this campaign what they have been since the
weakness and the incapacity of the Sultans have re-
duced them to a defensive war, very formidable behind
a wall or any species of rampart, however defective.
Other interests, not less pressing than those of the
Turkish war, admonish Russia to withdraw her forces
to a line not so distant from her southern dominions.
In Austria, a military movement is general,without hav-
ing contracted openly an alliance with Turkey, has an
old connexion with it, and may enter into new views
not favourable fot Russia. The Poles consider every
thing as transitory which has not for its basis their in-
dependence. This thought is the last hope of those who
are subjected to a foreign yoke, and for 360 years such
a thought united the Greeks of'the islands to those of
the Continent. Three centuries and a half of severe
slavery have not broken this indestructible bond. At
the sight of the Austrian guns drawn up in the public
squares, at the watch-word of the barbarous sentinels,
placed '2O pace: from each other in the streets of Milan
and Venice, the Venetians and Lombards bow their heads
and pass on; but at the bottom of every Italian heart
these words of one of their poets remain and ferment,
Id Schiavi slam si, ma schiavi ognor frementi." (Yes,
we are slaves, but slaves always chafing). The slavery
of the Poles is not more recent than that of the Italians,
and the love of independence is perhaps more lively on
the banks of the Vistula than on those of the Adige.....
When Europe fights for the restoration of Greece, what
Samaritan does not, from generous feelings, wish for the
restoration c f the country of Lesko Boleslans, Casimir,
and Sobeiski. Princess Eliza Radzevill, who has mar.
tied Prince William, the son of Frederick William 111.
is of the race of the Jagellons. The pride and pretest.
sion of the House of Sergame, and natural antipathies,
remove to an uncertain and indefinite distance the pe-
riod when Prussia may become an Ally of Austria. But
a common interest may unite them to repair what was
not only a crime, but an injury and a fault. Poland
was the advanced guard of Europe on the side of Russia
and Turkey. Ambition blinded the two Powers which
bad most interest in so preserving it. How is it that
Austria and Prussia, now become equitable and pru-
dent because they are threatened, do net unite to repair
the evil? The Polish army, forty thousand strong, has
yet many veterans in its ranks—their young comrades
are filled with ardour—by the Polish Constitution, they
cannot be employed abroad, and the character of Con-
stantine is little calculated to make slavery agreeable.
If the policy of G.rmany should do that for Po-
land which Russia has done for Greece, the results
would be similar, and Russia is not ignorant of this.
To make war, much money and provisions as well as
large armies, who do not live on air, are necessary. In
countries easy of access, and well cultivated, invasions
may be raised, and one or two victories decide the
question; but it is not so in poor countries, such as that
where Russia is now operating. If she stops she must
retreat before the season prevents her troops from com.
municating with their magazines ; and if she prepare.
for another campaign, to ensure her political system
and lot m new alliances, winter will see these alliances
formed. Some of them are now contracted. France
seems decided to avoid any engagement. Her army
acquires daily a -new force; and in the balance, in
which is weighed the destiny of Europe, 200,000 French
might decide its fate, if they were thrown in at a Pro-
per time.

HIMMANSTADT, See: st.
RETRACT 01 A PRIVAT& LUTTRIt.
There is a report that a Russian corps will be sent to
Streit., in order to excite a general insurrection, esta-
blishing the centre at Niue, and summoning all the
Christians to arms. Milosch, said to be a creature of
Austria, will then be forced to decide, and with or
without him, a barrier would be established between
Bosnia and Moldavia and Wallachia, which would
guarantee them against the barbarians. Bosnia con-
shines to be a prey to dissensions. At Sarajevo, a Divan
has bees organised which has re-established the Janis-
saries; and has sent 15,000 Greeks to work at the for-
tifications of Belgrade and Ots)wa. They were sent,
on August 27, on their melancholy journey, and it is
probable, no one of them will ever return home. Cattle,
also, have been sent towards Schism's, but they will
hardly reach it. This place reaches, with its camp,
abr•ut 6,850 shagenes. The town, flanked by a ditch,
in which the Seraskier remains, occupies '2,400 more,
the entrenchments. casements, &c. being armed With
900 pieces of ordnance, and defended by 30 or 85 thou-
sand men. The large space is entered by eleven gates,
some being reserved r sorties, and others leading to
the streets. The town bas been fortified to a great ex-
tent since 1806. A branch of the Tekeson, a river
which Calls into the Danube, supplies the town and
camp with water, and fills the ditches. The third and
fourth branches serves to inundate the country. At this
spot the roads from Constantinople, Tournovo, aad
Rasgrad, meet; and these the Russians have intercepted,
a month ago, by occupying positions •in the rear of
Tchingue-Ken, of Tchanack-Kalessi, Ta-Bournar, Ras-
grad, and all the points of the neighbouring mountains;
so that the besieged are inclosed in a set of iron. Dis-
ease prevails in the Ottoman army, and the heat, which
rose this year, at Bucharest, to 40 degrees, cost the lives
of a great number of Russians, who, notwithstanding
this, have remained firm in their lines of blockade.
We are positively informed that the Russians are
about to resume the offensive. The magazines at Odessa
are oveslowing with corn, supplies, and provisions of
all sorts. Russia has never had a more numerous as-
semblage of illustrious persons, nearly all of whom Mat-
ter themselves with the idea of passing the winter at
Belgrade and Bujukdere, on the Bosphorus. It is pee•
tended that that would accommodate every one, with

the exception of the Ministers of two Powers, well
known for their favourable disposition towards the Turks.
The plague has entirely ceased at Becharest, and in
the neighboming cantons.
The warlike preparations still continue in Hungary,
and Transylvania, widernt the Rus►ian Government
appearing to trouble itself ou the subject; although it
must be quite aware of the plots of our Cabinet, it pre-
tend► to see nothing.
A merchant, wilts set out from WidJin eight days
ago, tells us that be saw, in a square of that city, a

huge pyramid, composed of the heads of Russians. and
a crowd of soldiers of that nation loaded with chains.
Some were sold as slaves, and others. Listened like
criminals, were sent to Constantinople, bearing the
impaled beads of their companions, which were sent to
the imperial slaughter house of the Grand Signior.
PROM THZ JOURNAL DE4 DEIATS, MT. 20.

PARIS, Sarr. 20. - •
The Sultan probably exaggerates very much tie ad-
vantage gained by the garrisons of Schumla Sind Voila ;
but as we have nothing to oppose to these reports, we
will not discuss their details.

There is hitherto one incontestable fact, which is, that
since the departure of the Emperor, t►te chances of war
have not been favourable to his armies.

The bloody sortie of Varna, the check of General
Rudiger, and the retaking, by the Pacha of Widdin,
show it sufficiently. Will the return of his Majesty.
and the arrival of reinforcements, change the face of
affairs? We cannot be long without learning it.

LETTER OF THE DUKE OF NEWCASTLE
TO LORD KENYON.

The following is an Answer to Lord Kanvom's two Letters on the
Catholic Question, which have lately appeared is this and other
Newspapers:

September 18, 1828.
MY DEAR Loan—That I did not answer your first
appeal has been a sufficient reproach to me; I should
be ashamed of myself if I could see your second, o ith-
out making a public avowal of my entite concurrence'
in your sentiments, and that I heartily back your
spirited appeal to our fellow Protestants of the. British
Empire.
I am not more given to dilation with my pen than I
am by word of mouth; I never use either but by com-
pulsion; and if I could now conscientiously avoid this
labour and the.consequent discomfort. I have every in-
clination and every motive but one, for consulting my
ease, and indulging in that privacy, which, perhaps,
may be most congenial to me. Such a course, how-
ever, consistently with what I conceive to be my duty,
I cannot find it within me to pursue. I must embotk
in the same vessel with you, and sink or swim in our
endeavour to preserve the Religion which we love—the
Constitution which we reverence.

In your own emphatic words, I painfully confess that
we do "live in times when every man who values prin-
ciples should depend on his own exertions, and not on
those of Princes, Prelates, Nobles, Politicians, or Psiha.
mew." It is but too true that such is in reality the
case; or, in other words, that if we wish to preserve
our religion and our laws, sash must use his individual
p:►wer to defend preventively or absolutely the Consti-
tution which he has sworn to be inviolable in Church
and. State. It may sound finely in a republican ear to
be told that all are bound to participate in the manage-
ment of the national interests, and that the will of the
people should direct the affairs of the country. I can-
not subscribe to such dangerous doctrines as a maxim
I see the mischief of a popular assumption of the emu-.
tive, and I would, if 1 could, avoid it ; but unfortu-
nately we have no choice now—we are driven into a
corner, and we must either make a desperate effort to
preserve our Constitution, or lose it altogether. De-
serted or unsupported by thou in power, we see our-
selves on the brink of ruin ; and is it to be imagined
that we can or will ignominiously abandon our sacred
duty, and basely yield either to our betrayers or our
enemies ? .

An appeal to the nation is our only resource ; it must
be made • and the voice of the nation must decide whe-
the Protstantism or Popery shall prevail ?, whether, by
treading in the footsteps of our forefathers, we will
maintain the Protestant ascendancy. which their prac-
tical wisdom established for us ?—or whether, to our
eternal shame, to our certain punishment, we will see
the Jesuits triumphant, and the idolatrous worship of
Papists openly displayed throughout this now Proms-
tent land ? In short. the nation must decide whether
these kingdoms shall be at once the cradle and the ci-
tadel of Protestantism and real liberty, or the hot-bed
of Popery, with its scarlet train of mental and political
despotism ?
We are now arrived at the period when tee are cons•
pelled to judge and act for ourselves; the bane and an-
tidote are before us; our choice must be made—we
must now decide whether we will range ourselves with
Protestants or Papists—whether we will serve GOD or
Mammon!

Nothing is to be expected from Parliament, because
nothing is to be done by the Government; nothing is to
be dune by the Government, because neutrality, conci-
liation, and modern liberality are still ruling the deli-
berations of the Cabinet. Thus the honesty and virtuous
feeling for which this country has long been renowned
are decreed to be neutralised and deadened ; religion
and morality, principle, patriotism, and the boasted
constitution, are doomed to perish from sheer inanition.
But will our fellow Pious ants commit this suicide?
Why is the nation listless, apathetic, and dead, to
every patriotic impulse? Why are virtue and vice,
right and wrong, amalgamated as it were, and so
blended together, that the one and the other possess
an equal value? or rather I should correct myself and
say, why are the bad qualities psedominant? why are
the highest and noblest attributes of human nature out-
raged by a prescribed submission to bad measures, vi-
cious systems, and detestable principles? The cause,
I fear, may be thus explained. For years peat thiGo-
vernment of the country have thought fit blindly to
adopt, and obstinately to persevere in, a system of neu-
trality which has gradually produced the most deadly
evil that can befal a nation—a loss of principle. It is
in vain to say that this or that cause has produced this
or that bad effect; that the march of intellect, the
spread of knowledge, or philosophy, or liberality, or any
of those jargonic explicative:, the very sound of which
makes the heart sick, have brought the nation into its
present state—it is not so: we must put the saddle on,
the right horse, and I assert openly that the Government"
has done the work. There may. indeed, have been a
predisposition to these delusive tbeteries on the part of
some restless speculators; but to the Government be-
longs the blame, and the Government must bear it.
In 1807 the voice of the nation rejected an Adminis-
tration, strong in talent, but weak in the possession of
the public confidence. An overwhelming feeling con-
firmed the power of its successor, which was proudly
and triumphantly favoured by popular support, because
it was supposed to be purely Protestant, to be pledged to
oppose Popery, and to support the national affections,
the national interests. Nobly and most beneficially did
this Administration execute its duty, opposing Popery,
upholding Protestantism, supporting the national inte-
rests, cherishing the Established Religion, encouraging
national morality as well by its-example as by its care,
boldly defending the Constitution, and preserving it
uninjured in Church or State from the united attacks
of dangerous and desperate men, and above all things,
keeping this leading object in view that k is the duty
of a Government to act towards the nation, as a good
father of a family would act towards his family, namely,
by the establishment, of public virtue founded upon
public principle. The admirable Perceval knew well

by experience, and thus foresaw, that because it is
worthless, nothing can be lasting hat is not founded on
principled virtue; that no nation can endure and prosper
without it ; that other nations hod sneered the severest re
tributive justice for their national crimes, and that we
evidently owed our comparative exemption from the
horrors which the Divine Vengeance poured on those
devoted countries, to our own comparative exemption
from the vices and corruption which prevailed in them.
Taking for his motto that honesty is the best policy.
the straight-forward. intelligible, and defined policy of
the Minister, gained the applause even of his opponents,
whilst his friends, sure of his support and encourage.
ment in their endeavours to promote his generous mea.
styes for the public welfare, acted with spirit, union,
and confidence.
Thus we continued blessed with an Administration
which acted upon known principles, until in 1812 the
same hand which deprived Mr. Perceval of life extin-
guished also the light of the Administration. We lost
our virtuous, exemplary, and highly.gifted Minister,
and from that time our moral decline commenced,

Then began that accursed system of liberalism, neutra-
lity, and conciliation—right and wrong, virtue and vice,
the friend and the enemy of his country were to be con-
founded, distinctions were to be levelled, all was tobend
to expediency, and principle must not stand in the way
of policy.
Could any one mistake what would be the stare con-
sequence of such a vile system ? Assuredly, as it has
happened, it would follow. that the country would be
gradually demoralized. What before seemed odious
or immoral, no longer disgusted; all ancient institutions
began to be considered as rubbish ; history as an old
almanack; experience was to be cast away; all that is
valuable to us was to be vilified. derided, and trampled
upon; and, finally, liberality enthroned itself in the chief
seat to influence and direct the counsels of the nation.
The country now found itself without guides. although
it had a tiovernment ; the high offices were filled, it is
true, but not by Governors. The executive was in other
hands: instead of resisting innovation, they yielded to
it—instead of leading public opinion, they bowed to its
counterfeit—and thus quackery, deceit, and hollow
pretension, gained so mach strength that their opposites
were almost obliged to hide their diminished heads.
Then followed the effects of this contemptible system.
The depraved, the disaffected, and the self-opinionated,
are always the most noisy and turbulent; they cla-
moured ; they made themselves to be heard: finding
their strength, and presuming upon their acquired con-
sequence. they artfully contrived, through the Admi-
nistration, in fact, to rule the State; and the Adminis-
tration prefer, ing place and irresponsible tranquillity to
a noble rejection of either, when principle is at stake,
suffered our constitutional excellence, and all that lias
been hitherto deemed most sacred or most valualge, to
perish. for want of encouragement and protection;
whilst the designing Liberalist gloried in his success,
and chuckled at the impending misfortunes which Ise
well knew would result from such a total revolution in
the government and constitution of the country.
I have endeavoured, as much as possible, to abbre-
viate and compress this description into the smallest
compass compatible with an intelligible statement of
my view of this cardinal point. If we know where error
lies, we may correct, perhaps eradicate it. I have un-
disguisedly stated what I conceive to be its origin,
growth, and maturation ; and I have for this purpose
attempted to sketch my view of cause and effect up to
the present time.
• I shall omit all further comment, and proceed at
once to thecbange of Ministry in January last. Every
heart beat high with expectation—every patriot rejoiced'
in the anticipated appointment of the Duke of Welling-
ton to the head of affairs. The lover of his country fondly
hoped that the time had at last arrived when an end
would be put to the hateful system of liberalism. neu-
trality, and conciliation ; he made sure that the high
character which had formerly distinguished the nation
would be recovered, and that in the place of national
demoralization, a new system would be established, cal-
culated to restore the national energy, by an undeviating
rectitude of principle, the character of which would be
stamped by the uncompromising character of the Go-
vernment. We all know bow the result fulfilled our
anxious expectations.
The last Session of Parliament I consider to have
been by far the most disastrous of any in the memory
of man—it was pre-eminently stained by liberalizing
religion, and this I believe from my conscience to ►e a
fatal stab to the Established Church, as well as to the
peace of the country and the existence of the Constitution.
By an utter dereliction of principle we have sought
to appease those who are actuated by no principle bet,
• hatred of order ; we thus depress and disgust our melt
valuable friends, we invest our enemies with the power
taken from our friends, and to fill up the measure of
our misdoing, we offend our GOD in the disowning of
Christianity.
I simply ask, if we desert our GOD, will he net desert
us? %sill he not be avenged upon such a nation as this?
An inaction totally inexplicable possesses the Govern-
ment. We see rebellion stalk through the land with
impunity—conciliation still reigns in our Councils. The
Popish Association, day after day, audaciously asserts
its omnipotence, and proclaims aloud that it will yield
to no other authority. One of their members has,
through this means, been chosen to sit in a British
Protestant Parliament. although a Papist; itinerant
Popish demagogues are roaming through the country
'spouting sedition and treason ;and who offers the slightest
opposition to all this? No one.
What, I ask, is to prevent traitors from rising in every
market place of every town of Great Britain, to vomit
forth their pestilent harangues? or are such wretches
only to be allowed this exclusive privilege in Ireland?
Shame, shame on the Government which can for an hour,

for a minute, permit such dangerous excesses to be prac•
tised with blind impunity. lam unwilling to inculpate
our chief Minister, because I bad rested my last printi.
pal hope on him; my expectation was that Nelson's
memorable recommendation would not be lost upon
. .

him, and that England would see him at all risks, and
under all circumstances, do his duty. Let us hope that
a mistaken view has alone led him into so vast an error.
But when this error is exposed, it will be unpardonable,
it will be criminal, if the remedy be not instantly applied.
In the midst of this tremendous storm and danger of
shipwreck, we are told not to fear—that we have use
for our Ministers who will guard us from all danger. I
may be called a very timid mariner, but I cannot pros
vent myself from crying out; I loudly assert that the
ship is in the utmost danger, and as yet the balm=
has done nothing visibly to preserve it; the isearieurs
at a portion of the crew have burst into open mutiny;
and nothing but the prompt energy of the Captain, or
the united efforts of the remainder of the crew, can
pee it from destruction.

Figure apart, imminent danger is at the door of the
Constitution; something must instantly be dose, or it
may be destroyed. We must no longer wait in expec-
tation of tardy assistance; we must act for ourselves;
and if the Ministers will co-operate with us, so much
the better ; but we must not, we will not, be sacrificed:

—We are assured that the Duke of WeMutton is tnr
to our cause, but that he dares not to act cf
that he wishes to be backed by popular support. I ass
quite willing to believe that he does continue true to
the Protestant cause, and to the preservation of those
interests which are as dear to us as life itself; but it fee
be true, wherefore this inaccountable inaction? We
know that he must be fearless ; but if fearless, how coo
it be explained that he dares not to act upon his owe
Ministerial responsibility, but requires the popular aid
to attempt that which is peculiarly the duty of the
Executive?

It my positions areas true as I firmly believe thee
to be, then indeed have I made out a case of wreak?.
and it is high time that the nation should bestir itself.
and do that for itself which others either fear at rite*
to do for it.

Let the nation look forlard a little to the future; ht
it consider what must very shortly be the inevitable coo.,
sequence of the present frightful state of things; 0.4
then see the danger which stales us in the face; aid if
it is desirous of preserving our glorious Constitution, fi
upholding religion, of maintaining the laws, rights, "I
liberties of our country, so as in some measure to mei%
the favour of Goo and man, then, I would say, let the
nation mouse from its lethargy; let it stand forth
the panoply of its mutual excellence ; let it declare
its intentions; let it demand that the Popish Associon,o
shall be instantly annihilated; let it demand that the
voice of treason shall be stifled; let it demand that all
Popish establishments, of whatever nature, whether
Jesuits' Colleges, or Monasteries, &cc. &c. shall be ros.
mediately abolished; let them demand that no Roan
Catholics shall vote at elections; and finally, let them
require a full and undisputed Protestant ascendancy
within these realms.

This, however, must not be delayed; time presses
and the enemy is at the gate ; the unanimous vaice of
the nation should be heard in a tone which entre/ be
mistaken, and our invaluable Constitution will be sale
against her most inveterate enemies, whether secret w
avowed.

You, my dear Lord. have manfully sounded the wars.
ing trumpet—you have ably appealed to our Protestant
countrymen—l trust that they will as manfully answer
to the call. They must unite in Protestant Associating'
from one end of the country to the other ; and as Pat-
' liament is not sitting, they should address their Protes.
cant King; and may GOD protect our country gm
prosper their patriotic exertions
I have thus endeavoured, very imperfectly I admit.
to describe my notions on this mom.ntous subject. I
have written freely; why should I nut? Some one Melt
speak oat; my duty and my interest compel ale to coo.
teal nothing, and in this sespect 1 acquit myself of any
deficiency. -I
have extenuated where I could do so with
propriety; I have set down nought in malice or hostility,
for I entertain none. Perilous times require it ring reme-
dies and home truths; you will perceive that I have not
flinched from recommending the one. and stating the
other. lam well aware that in doing this lam subjecting
myself to severe animadversions; but I am heedless of
consequences to myself, if 1 may ever so slightly benefit
the great cause which is at stake. My anxiety also to
prove my gratitude to you by answering to your appeal,
has been an additional incitement; and thus I have
been doubly urged forward to the completion of my
unpleasant task.
have been led into far greater length than I at first
contemplated ; and it is now fit that I should assure yos
of the esteem with which I am, my dear Lord,

Very sincerely and Wavily yours..
The Right Hon. Lord Kumar. NEWCA

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1828.

FMB OF STOCKS AT POUR O'CLOCK.
Bask Stock Shut India Bonds 64
3 per Cent. Red. Skid South Sea Stock
3 per Ct. Cons. 471 11 Old Annuities
31 per Cent. Shot New Ditto 871
31 per Cent. Red. Shut 41000 Exclieq. Bills 74 7
4 per Ct. New,lo4l a 4500 Ditto 76
4 per Cent. 1926, Shit 4109 and 4'loll Ditto
Long Ann. Shut Advertised
India Stock Consols for Acct. sof s
FORRIIIN FONDS. TWO O'CLOCK.
Austrian Beads. Ct 97a a Greek Boade,S p Ct.lll
Brea gas lids. SOX Greek 8i5.10114. SOX 171
Do Acct. 44i a Ru5a.854.11122, 5 pet. 14i
Chillies Bonds, 6 per Cat. I 9 Do Aect. 94*
Do. Acct. 30* o Spanish Ms 5 p
Dsnith lids. 3 pet. Pi 4 - Span. lids. 1843, Sp. C.
Do. Ace. 64 UoAcct tig
BRITISH AND FORSION SHARKS. TWO O'CLOCK.
MIN& ram.
100 IS CI&
35 211 74
25 5 7*
40 36 14

Angle Mezkan
Brazilian
Ditto National
United Mexican

Hamburgh Papers to the 20th inst. were received this
morning. The accounts from Odessa come down to
the 4th, at which time the Diplomatic Corps were pre-
paring to follow the Esmenoa, who had embarked
for the army on the 2d, as formerly noticed.—
The attack by the Tusks on the Russian position before
Schools' is alluded to, but no particulars given io the
Odessa article. From Hermanstadt, however, the OM
silence is not observed: the loss sustained by the be-
siegers on this occasion is estimated at 3,000 men. and
21 pieces of cannon. The accounts from Constantinople
are not of a later date than those previously received.
The additional troops which had been appointed to Me
forts of the Dardanelles have been recalled, as no fear
of an hostile attack from the Russians were entertained
on that side. These troops are to be added to those
already concentrated for the defence of the capital. The
politicians of Berlin have altered their opinion respect-
ing the result of the Honiara operations, and it
doubted, even if the invading army were in r Posits'
of Sebum's and Yam, whether they would afterwards
be able to reach Constantinople this campaign. ,

ODESSA, Aostst OS.
A nem 'speaks intended against Damps, is Ism
at Sebastopol and Nicolajew.
San. s.—His Majesty the Emmet is returned from his ever-
skin to Nicolajeva and embarked this day on board a frigate far
Varna. T. Cerro Diplomatic is soon expected to follow. Ds
Empress Ma it in contemplation shortly to retum to St• Peters.

burgh.
Elm. s.—Sines his Majesty'. departure, the Diplomatic Body
are preparing to Mow him to Kesteedji, whither Count Newby&
win men go.
Accenting to the last accounts (rest the Mead-grafters at
IlszardjUi. the Turks had made an attack en oar position, i• the
night of 27th August.
CONSTANTINOPLIC, AMOS? M.
Among the most recent memerte of defence is, that sU MO Mir

