IRELAND.

• DUBLIN COMMISSION, JUNE £9.
Patrick !Haag, Michael Seery, James Carty, Timothy
Maher, Joseph Walsh, and Thomas Cullen, were indicted
under Lord E.lenborough's Act, for assaulting James
Buuerwo: th, on the 17th cf April last, with intent to
murder him. There was a second count in the indict-
ment, which laid the offence as having been committed
by die prisoners by suiting and wounding with intent
to maim the said James Butterworth.
Mr. James Butterworth sworn—l am a clothier re-
siding in aChamber-street, and upwards of seven years
established there. There has been lately a dune
made in the process of manufacture in my concerns, by
the erection of two shearing machines for the purpose
of finishing the cloth. Those machines produce two
effects—the work is done quicker and better by them.
I remember the 17th of April last; it was the Sabbath
day. I walked forth in the morning, and alone, for the
purpose of taking the air, in the tenter-field, at the rear
of my own house. When returning, about 11 o'clock,
I saw a great number of men assembled and in conver-
sation near the field, I suppose about fifteen, and appre-
bending that they were lying in wait for me in order to
do me mischief, I turned off into a small field called
the glue-field, for the purpose of avoiding them. As I
passed, I heard those outside in the lane say, a That is
be—follow him 1" I was not near enough toknow any
of them. When I heard what they said, I knew what
their intention was, and as there is a small house in the
held inhabited by the man that manufactures the glue,
I walked up towards it. He was standing at the rear
of his house, and as I approached him, I saw six or seven
men follow me, armed with sticks and cudgels, not of
the ordinary kind of sticks. I ran towards a ditch,
forming the boundary of the field, and thought to leap
over it, and then get to a small lane that would lead me
to my own house; but owing to weakness and confusion
I leaped into the dyke, and by the time I got into,
the lane and upon my feet, the men came up to me and
began to beat me on the head with their unmerciful
weapons. After one or two blows I lost my senses.—
When I recovered, I found myself stretched in my own
parlour, with my wife and several persons about ale. I
was beaten on the head, legs, thighs, arms, and shoul-
ders. I don't know any of the persons who were en-
gaged in beating me on that occasion. I know the pri-
soners Maher, Walsh, Cullekand Seery they are Par-
neymen shearmess. I did not see any of them on that
occasion. I never had any quarrel with the four pri-
soners just named. The six men who followed to beat
me were a part of the fifteen.
Mr. Caslett—l live in the glue-field, near the tenter-
field. 1 remember the 17th of April. Mr. Butter-
worth seemed to be frightened as he came towards me,
and I stewed him the way to the ditch, and after he
fell into It I saw several men leap after him, and I
beard dreadful blows follow. I was then unwell, just
tett:merit% from an illne.s, or I would have assisted
him. maw the fellows beat him down the lane with
weapon". (Here a square oak stick, about two feet
)ona -emikturo inches square, rounded towards one end
to. Sider to render it more easy to hold, was produced
and identified as one of the weapons). One of the men
stood -upon the top of the ditch and wielded a sward.
and said something which I do not now exactly retol•
lect, hot it was env uraging the others. • The man with
the sword afterwards ran to where Mr. Butterworth lay
upon his hands and f et, aod I saw him strike Mr.
Butterworth with the edge of the sword on the back
part of the head ; he also struck him on the left arm with
the fiat of the sword. I wasslistant from them about
from this to he window at the Imatk of theCooMebout
twenty yard). The priponernischy wai the man who
'held the sword, and hit Mr. =worth_ with it, Ao-
cording as each man bit air. aids be watt off,

'
and threw away his stick. I went op to Mr. putty-
worth, and found him bleeding troy mach. On speak-
ing to him he shook his head. The last blow liinthy
gave Mr. Bowl worth was when he lay ou his side; and
it was given with the flat of the sword.
Mr. Richard Anderson—l remember Sunday the
17th of April; about eleven o'clock there was a great
crowd running down Ormond-street; there were ten or
fifteen persons, and several were throwing stones at
those as they o ere running ; I was alarmed, and went
to the end of Love-lane, Cork-street, where I saw
three men walking down, whose appearance made me
suspect them, and there I asked a crowd of persons
standing at a public-house, to assist me in arresting
them ; no one came, and then I called out to stop the
murderers, upon which one of the three men who
were coming down, pulled a sword front under his
coat, and flourished it as if in defiance, and went down
Marrowbone-lane ; I succeeded in apprehending one
of the three in Marrowbone-lane, and the Police im-
mediately afterwards took another. The Police took
Hinchy, the man who had the sword, and I took Carty.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ilammeox—There was a crowd the Brat
time I saw the men who were running, and some persons were
throwing stones after them ; when I saw the three men fint, they
were walking; I did not see the sword at first, not until the man
took it from under his coat.

By the Jury—liinchy waved the sword at the crowd by way of
deterring them.
By the Cowry—Carty was in the street when I apprehended him;
when I first saw the three men they were a quarter of a mile distant
from where Mr. Butterworth was beat.

By the Jury—l was led to suspect them from their dirty appear-
ante, and not being shaved at that hour on Sunday.
Stephens, a peace-officer, deposed, that he was on
duty at James's•street Palice•office, on Sunday, the
17th April, and that in consequence of Mr. Anderson,
of Love-lane, coming to the office, witness, and another
peace officer named Cannon, proceeded to a house at
the end-of the lane leading to the Tenter-field% and in
an unoccupied room they found Hinchy. Witness first
asked if there was any one inside? and not receiving an
answer, he was about forcing the door, when he felt a
pressure against it on the other side; and upon getting
a poker to force the lock, the door was unlocked-on the,
inside, where they found in the room the rrisoner
Hinchy, and upon asking It:m why he concealed him-
self there? he said that as there was a crowd in the',
street, and many persons running, he came into the
house for shelter, and finding the empty room and the,
key, he locked himself in. Upon being asked whose]
was the sword he had? he denied having any, and a
search was made up the chimney and several other
places, but it could not be found. • Witness arrested
Cullen and Seery in the street, at Leeds, in 'orkshire;
Walsh and Maher he also arrested in Leeds, and found
them concealed under the stairs of an unoccupied cellar,
which was without light or fire. A boy named Nugent,
who accompaniedwitness toLeeds,identi fied the prisoners.'
Surgeon Kirby attended Mr. Butterworth on the
17th of April, who was suffering under several con-
tused wounds, such as are occasioned by blunt instru-
ments: there was a wound in the back of his head
from a sharper instrument, and which, owing to the
hair, escaped notice at first; the cut from the sharper
instrument was less likely to produce serious results
than the other wounds; the state of Mr. Butterworth,
from inflammation, and the nature of the wounds, was
such as to make a surgeon apprehensive of the result.
the prisoners produced witnesses as to character, all of whom
received most excellent ones, particularly Hinchy, from the Rev.
Mr. Sprats, a Catholic Clergyman, and Mr. Michael Sprats, who
knew hint for ten or twelve years.
Carty produced a respectable witness is prove that he was in
another direction, and otherwise employed at the time of the assault.
Judge Tonnetas charged the Jury ; "after which the
Jury retired, and after an absence of half an hour, re-
turned their verdict, finding—
Carty. Not Guilty generally; Seery, the same; and Hineby,
Guilty, with intent to disable ; Maher, Walsh, and Cullen guilty on
the second count.

n0%„7
Judge Toss's's quite concurred in the verdict, the an nee.
ment of which produced a powerful sensation amongst the imm
crowd that waited outside the Court door. The most linsenta%
cries were heard to proceed from the female relatives and childrei,
of the unhappy men. _ _

JUNZ 30.--COMSINATION.

John Roihe was indicted for having assembled, with
other persons unknown, and committed a riot and as-
sault, and also broke the windows of Arthur Murray.
Evidence was gone into, but it did not bear out the indictment,
and the prisoner was discharged.

Lord COCHRAN 2 is at Tunbridge Wells, with Lady
Couterits.

By advices from Panama, dated early in May, we
learn that intelligence had reached Lima of an engage-
ment in Upper Peru having taken place between
lOLAWITA and General Swag, in which OLANETA sus-
tained a total defeat, followed by the entire dispersion
lof the forces under his command. °Lamm% himself
is said to have escaped, but was wandering as a fugi-
tive, accompanied only by a handful of his followers.
The surrender of Callao had not actually taken pine,
but could not be long delayed, as the besieging force
on the land side had succeeded in entirely cutting off
the supply of fresh water.
A Congratulatory Address was presented to the
King of FRANCS on Monday last, from the inhabitants
of that part of Buckinghamshire where the King re.
sided during his stay in this country. The Address
was signed by about three thousand of the proprietors
and most respectable persons in the neighbourhood.
COViNT-GARBUI TURATRE.—A new Farce, entitled
An a Mistake, was produced at this Theatre on Satur-
day night. Though Mrs. Gunk Mrs. DAVIMPORT,
Mr. Joxits, and Mr. Comma did all that could be
done for it, their combined efforts could not save it.
Catmox To MOTHERS.—Saturday evening, an In-
quest was held at the King's Head, in Baker's-row,
Whitechapel, before Mr. Unwin, the Coroner, on the
body of an infant, named Henry Noife, who came to his
death under the following circumstances. The little
creature was only three months old, and on Friday night
the mother, to pacify it, introduced a piece of fat meat
into its mouth, holding a part of it between her fingers.
The child sucked the meat for some time, and was quiet,
but unfortunately the mother let it slip, and it lodged
in the child's windpipe. The mother, after using all
the means in her power to relieve the little innocent,
took it to Mr. Collier, a surgeon, who introduced a
probang, which perforated the meat, but did not relieve
the sufferer, and all other means proving useless, it died
in a few minutes after. Verdict—Accidental Death.:
MIMAI Barns.--The fifteenth chain of this stn.
pendous undertaking was safely got up to its situation
on Tuesday. This is the last chain but one whence,
the road-way will be suspended. At six o'clock in the
morning, the pontoon carrying part of the chain, began
to move, and somewhat under two hours it was safely
secured in its situation without the least accident. We
understand the road over will be completed early in,
autumn, for passengers and carriages. The suspen-
sion ht.** over the Conway is in a forward state.

•:,
IdirrEEPATURE.
2b History, st the Cootiptest of Begtaid &y the Nor-
mans t mek kr Ousel from the Defies! Period. and
its Consequences to the Press* Timm Yransiatedfrons
the French of A. 'humid*. S vols. 8 vo. Loriclon, 1825.
This is a very valuable addition to English
history ; it not only contains a faithful and well written
narrative of one of the most important events that ever
occurred in this country, but traces its origin and its
consequences—consequences ,wh.cla are stilt felt ; for
every modern State, and England As well as others, es.
hibits living traces of the diversity of the race of men
which in the course of time have come together. M.
Thierry is an elegant writer and a philosophical his-
torian, who takes nothing on trust, but refers to original
sources for his materials, hence his work is particularly
valuable, for its fidelity as well as for the new inform*
lion, and in some cases the new views it preserts.
We subjoin an extract in the description of the Danish
and Norwegian pirates who first invaded Britain
"The conversion of the Teutonic nations of the South
to the Christian Relig;on had broken every sort of tie
between them and the Teutones of the North. The man
of the North, in the eighth century, still gloried in the
title of son of Odin, and treated the Germans, who were
sons of the Church, as bastards and renegades, making
no distinction between them and the people they had
conquered, but whose Goa they adored. Franks or
Gauls, Long-bards or Latins—all were alike hateful to
the man who had remained faithful to the ancient divi..
nities of Germany; all alike were to be plundered or
dragged into slavery. A sort of religious fanaticism
and patriotic puritanism were thus alli d in the souls of
the Scandinavians with their disorderly spirit and insa-
-1 tiable thirst of gain. They were particularly fond of
the blood of the Priests, and the gold taken from the
Churches; and would lodge thArloises in the Chapels
of the Palaces, when they had wasted with
.fire and
sword some Canton of the Christian territory. 'We
have sung the mass of lances,' they would say in deri-
sion; it began at the rising of the sun.'
" Favoured by an easterly wind, the Danish and
Norwegian blots, with two sails, arrived in three days
off the southern coast of Britain. The soldiers of a
whole fleet generally obeyed one only Chief, whose ves-
sel was distinguished from the rest by some peculiar
ornament. The same Chief still commanded, 'when the
pirates had disembarked, and were marching
_in batta-
lions on foot or on horseback. He was saluted by the
Germanic title of King: but he was King only at sea
and in the combat; for, in the festive hour, the beer-
born passed from hand to hand, without distinction of
first or last. The King of the Sea, or the King of the
Battle, was everywhere faithfully followed, and always
zealously obeyed; for he was always renowned as the
bravest of the brave—as he who had never slept beneath
* roof, nor ever drained the bowl on a sheltered hearth.

"He could govern a vessel as the good horseman
manages his horse, running over the oars while they
were in motion. He would throw three javelins to the
mast-head, and catch them alternately in his hand, with-
out once missing. Equal under such a chief, support-
ing lightly their voluntary submission and the weight
of their coat of mail, which they promised themselves
would soon be changed for an equal weight in gold,
the pirates held their course gaily, as their old songs ex-
press it, along the track of the swans. Often were the
fragile barks wrecked and dispersed by the north-sea
storm—often did the rallying-sign remain unanswered ;
but this neither increased the cares nor diminished the
confidence of the survivors, who laughed at the sinds
and the waves horn which they had escaped unhurt.
• The force of the storm,' they would sing, • is a help to
the arms of our rowers; the hurricane is in our service;
it carries us the way we would go. "
Practical Chemical Mineralogy ; or, Concise and Easy
Methods, illustrated by Experiment, for readily as.
certaining the Nature and Value of the different Me-
tallic Ores and other Mineral Substances, as compre-
headed in their Assay, Analysis, Reduction, ke. By
FAZDZAICK JOYCII, Operative Chemist, 80. 12mo.
London, 1825.

At a time when such large speculations are making
in Mining Shares, and Companies are forming, to rob
the earth of its hidden treasure, a knowledge of the
nature and value of the several metallic ores, and
other mineral substances, becomes almost an essential
part of mercantile as well as scientific education. The
little volume before us is well calculated to aid that
study in youth, and to furnish to those of a mature age.
a short and simple process, by which they may assay and
analyze mineral substances, ascertain their value, &c.
The Progresses, Processions, and Magnificent Enter-
tainments of King James Me First, his Royal Consort
and Family, and Court : comprising the splendid
Masques exhibited at Court,the triumphal Pageants of
the Lay of J.ondon, numerous Original Letters, Bcc.
Illustrated with Notes, 1 opographical, Biographical
and Bibliographical. By Jolts Ntenot.s,
Parts I. and 11. 4to. London, 1825.

The Nestor of Literature, Mr. John Nicholls, has just
commenced a new work, illu,trative of the regal history
of England, a subject on which his pen has often • been
so ably exercised. Tne Progresses of Queen Elizabeth
exhibit so faithful a picture of the Court of our Maiden
Queen; and if we may judge by the two parts of the
work now before us, the Progresses and Entertainments
of James the First will be equally interesting. They
contain many scarce and valuable tracts, extracts, ne-
ver before published, from Manuscripts, and a vast
' body of biographical and topographical information;
collected with an industry the most unwearied, and
with great discrimination. The work commences with
numerous poetical tributes to the memory of Queen
Elizabetb, and in honour of the accession cf King James
from which we select the following :

16 OW THE DEATH OF OUR LATE QUEEN&
They say a comet woonteth to appear.,
When Princes' baleful &stink is neare
So Mists' stare was seen with Serie crest,
Before his fall, to blaze amongst the rest !
Our stares is faro, and yet an bearded light
Did once amaze the sad beholders' sight;
For why, a comet Mete to have showne her fall,'
Would rare have set on fire heaven, earth, and all!"
Two. %vs.

At the late splendi4 catertainment. given by Mrr.
Courts, at her cottage, at Highgate, the
thieves assembled round the premises were
rageons and daring—so much so, that they
the police officers, and actually robbed ate or _
a gold watch and chain of the value of !O
The body sf the unfortunate womae, w o was
on Monday last, near London Bad., ip ecrusesisr
of the boat, rowed by her br other, si losttecrnan,
upset, was found on. Saturday morning, under
rend arch of Waterloo [fridge.. •

• .• • "

NEW COURTO+4ENTENC'ES.

...

This menisi the Raeo,aosa passed the Jstigmelakof the
•
as the following convicted prisoners .
TO Ise Taossroaven eon LlM—Charles Bergman. Henri Cart:
Wright, John, Talleyi John Williams. and Janus Vkrney. ,
Fna Footmen. Yitoas.—Thomas Bolen.* and Nat. StriagbalL
FOR Saves Taw ac—Thomas Pearson, W. Jonee;. R. Law
James, J. Jones, F. Barnes, G. Evans, T. Mugptt, G. Law,
T. Boils, M. Smith, C. Curraii, A. Smith, I'. Conofiy. T. Adami,
T. Rowley. T. Jones, W. Galley, J. Wild, J. Mitchell, J.
Munger, M. Barnes, R. Botterill, J. Gander, S. Gibbose, S. '
Jones, T. Hamilton, W. Bennett, 111. Cotter, H. Mien, T.
Weaver. J..Raplei; J. Lockwood, J. Hager, W. Thompson, W;
Edwards, C. Gorgan and W,Pritchard.
To be imprisoned in the Hintae of Correction ant.kept to bard
Lthour.—Seven for one year, nine for six months, and numerous
others to shorter periods of confinement.
John Ward was ordered to be publicly whipped one bundted
yards at Pimlico, and be confined six months in the House of
Correction, and hard labocr.
A number were discharged by proelamatloni the Grand Jury
not having found bills against them.

1111wIllimiiing
SPOR7IAG INTELLIGENCE.
............_
LANCASTER RACES--June 28.
A Produce Sweepstakes of 50gs. each, h. ft. fur thfee yr olds.
Mr. Lumley's br. 1. by Interpreter . walked over
Five paid forfeit.
A Sweepstakes of 10 soy. each, p.p. for horses, &e. not thorough
bred; 3 yrs old, 7st, four, est. 51h. five, Ost. six and aged, t' t.
71b. Heats, tWo miles.
Mr. Brotherton's b. g. Tawpy . - . 1 1
Mr. Margetson's br. g. 6 yrs old . 2 It
Mr. Bradshaw's ch, g. 6 yrs old . 3 dr
Mr. Thompon's o:iver Snap . . 4 dr
Mr. All'llinnle's Maid of the 11111 . . 5 3
Mr. Long's Champagne. . . belted
Champagne, in bolting, threw his rider, who was little injured:
The Town Plate of £5O, for all agei, that never won £5O at any
one time (Match or Sweepstakes eicepted).
Mr. Ferguson's b.f. Siker to Equity, 3 yrs old 4 1 1
Mr. Davy's br. m. by Orion syr old . 1 3 2
Mr. P. Munrave's b. e. by Walton, 3 yrs old 2 2 3
Mr. Clifton's ch. fa Infant Lyra, 3yn old . . 3 4dr
snouts sir.
The Gold Cup value 100 p. added to 10 soy. each, p. p. Three yrs,
6st. 41b. four, Sat. five, ilst.lllb. six, and aged, Mt. 1 Ob. Mares and
geldings'allowed sib. A winner of a Cup at Lancaster, 51b.
extra; of two, ielb.. Three miles.
Lord Darlington's ch. b. Barefoot . . . 1
Mr. Whittaker's hr. h. Lottery, syr '). . . 2
Mr. Simpson's b. h. Young Corrector . . • 3
General Sharpe's b. f. Panthea . . • . 4
A good race, and won by a neck. Thirteen paid.
Fifty Pounds given by the Members. for three years old, tilt. 21b.
and four, list. 7lb. Mares and geldings allowed 31b. and maiden
horses 21b. Heats, two miles.
Mr. Roundthwaite's ch. m. Governess, 4 years 3 1 2 1
Mr. Ferguson's ch. c. Equity, 4 years . 2 3 1• 2
Mr. Clifton's eh. c. by Ardrossan, 3 years . 1 11 3dr
AU four heats were admirably contested.
THE COCKING.
Ten Guineas a Battle and 900 the Main.
Lancashire—(Milbirn). 1 . Yorkshire;-(Foster).
Monday . . 9 1 1 Monday . . 6 0
Tuesday . . 5 0 Tuesday . s
,3 0
Wednesday . . 701 Wednesday • . . 2 0
anyroo, &C. IN THR anaoacntita BATTLES.
COOPS& AND BaLowto.—Tuesday next, within 26 miles of Lon.
don, this match will be decided. Cooper is the favourite-7 to 4
has been asked on him, and 6to 4 taken. . .
STOCKMAN AND YOUNG Saw.—The latter is the favourite, at
trilling odds. There is not mach doing on this event. .
Su st.rox am. Baowit.—Although report speaks highly of Brown's
superior weight and strength, yet Shelton is backed at 5 to 4.
Wams AND CANNON.—Ward is looking up. The statement of
his backers having betted Mr. H. 500 to 400 is credited, and halo
had great erect in raising the odds. Some persons have, however,
backed Cannon at odds ; and, in the country, he is the favourite.
In town, at present, 5 and 6 to 4 are betted on Ward.
CURTIS AND WARMIN.-.-Bett of 2 to 1 are laid freely on the for-
mer. ; indeed, the common question is, '• How'eart Dick lose?"

CHILD DROPPlNG.—Wednesday night, about h aff-paq
ten o'clock, a male child, ne.irly three weeks old, with
fair complexion, light heir, and dark blye eyes; was
dropped at the door of Fife-House, the residence of the
Earl of Liverpool. The infant was dressed in a corded
muslin bed-gown and cap, wrapped in a piece of flan-
nel; a scinare muslin handkerchief was tied round its
head, and a red whittle over the whole. The ch 1.1 was
conveyed to the parish workhouse of. St.
the-Fields, and a reward is offered for the discovery of
its unnatural mother.

CORN EXCHANGE, MARK-LANE. JULY 4.
There were moderate arrivals of all torts of English Grain hat
week, but another large quantity of Irish Oats. This morning there
is a fair supply of Wheat from &see and Kent, but 'very little from
ether parts.. Of all other descriptions of Grain, the quantities fresh
up are smolt. Superfine Wheat is scarce, and obtains last week's
quotations; for aU other sorts there is scarcely any demand, and
the factors would submit to rather less prices, could they make saki.
Barley remains without alteration. Beans are again rather (lamer,
as also are Peas, on account of the unfavourable reports of these
crops. Oats meet sale very slowly, as the accumulated quantities
from Ireland occasion our buyers to hold off, in hoperof purchasing
them at lower prices. The Flour trade is still heavy.
Wheat, Red (1824) 58s. 70s. Rye, old, 00e. 00s.
- old, 00s. 00s. Beans, Small, new, 465. 504.
White, 1824, 625. 765. - old, 00s. 00s.
- old 00s. Ous. Tick, new. 355. 40$.
Barley, 1824, 315. 40s. - old, 00s. 005.
Old, 00s. 00s. Oats, Feed, new, SO& Ms.
Peas, Grey, 1824, 385. 405. old, Os. 0..
- Old, 00s. 00s. Poland, new, 213. 265.
.Maple, 1824, 418.425. - old, Os. Os.
old, 00s. 00s. Potatoe, new, 21 s. 265.
White, new, 425. 455. old, Os. os.
old, Os. Os. - Scotch, 272: 30s.
Boilers, 1824, 465. 50s. Foorign Oats, 00s. 00s.
old, 00s. 00s. Flour, per Sack, 551. 655.
•RILIVALS LAST WISC.
4,007 Peas _ _
464 Irish Wheat - 55
2,003 Irish Oats - 18,615
6,164 Foreign Oats - 140
1,059 English Flour, sacks 5,700
SMITHFIELD MARKET, JULY' 4.
There is little alteration in the price of Beef, the finest Oxen
continuing at Is. to Is. Std. per stone, and the coarser Meat being
4s. 2d. to 4s. dal. per stone. Mutton is a shade better than on
Friday, the best Kentish and Leicester Wethers, fine Downs, &c.
being Is. to 51. 2d. per stone, and the coarser Sheep are 45. 4d. to
4s. 10d. per stone. In the price of Veal there!, no variation worth
noticing, Is. Bd. to 6s. per stone being the top price, and ss. to Is.
6d. per stone for inferior. In Lamb there is little to remark, but
the Market is firm at Os. to 6s. 44. per stone, and 59. 6d. to Is. 10d.
per stone for coarser. In Pork there is little to notice. Is. 84. to
6s. par stone is the price of dairy-fed Pork, and 4s. Bd. to ss. per
4.. for coarser and larger Pork.-t-Beasts, 1,276 ; Sheep, 20,570;
Pip, too ; Calvet, 323.
Beef, 4s. 4d. to Is. 2d. per stone; Mutton, 4s. 6d. to Is. Id. Veal,
Is. to 6s. Lamb, ss. dd. to 6s. 4d. Pork, ss. to 65.-Hay per load,
£3 ss. to £4 Ids. Clover, £5 15s. to .65 10s. Straw, 1 14s.
to .111
MEETINGS OF CREDITORS TO-MOIIROW,
irgi Ml= Or COISILLAISHISsi OF SANICILUTTS,ZASISISVALL-5T2222
THUD 3411115411. N.
P. Ounce, Goodge-street, Tottenham Court-road, uphohteter 12
1.1. Mos, Hi , Mary-la-bonne, farrier . . 10
W. H. W Okt.street, St. Luke's, coin.chandler 10 .
• • , - CLOW, MILITINCS. ;

Wheat, English, qrs.
Barley
Malt
Oats
Beans

80

I

"'F Ti

,]

~~~

,~

the gang of G. Nero., White's.yard,li;emary- it?uilder .. 12
Pre most out- I'. Perkins, Melton-terrace, Borough- , baker . lt _
heY attacked J. J Bromptcm, Kent, nun mtirt
. 11.
-' .
10
I,of theta 6f J. Wisdom, Lichfield, &mew t rove✓ ••
• • 10
I:IIYNDS.
talar: K. Dudman, avid-G:Wifiter, Jerusalesetoffee-hottio nnerelionts,
117
T. Hill and 11. Wood, Queenhiths, oil ind Cekturalsk la lb&
mon; bin- fan, 1341:ekbbree-airiesdr,..orix's lonaiso, annemaists car 4 Ming,
alder the se- st. Au.A.finesr. 4.41,7,:1eihj.:ni; laum,lher-yte. J. Woothm
sale perfumes,. , ,
''" • .
