COVENT-GARDEN.

Last night the Tragedy of Othello was played at this
House, in which Mr. C. Kauai.' made his first appear-
ance in the character of the Moor. His representation
of Othello is the best we have seen for some years, with
the exception of Mr. Kam es, and yet it is by no means
all that we could wish it. The frank and open nature
Of the Nloor was well depicted ; and the speech to the
Senate, which is the touchstone by which the merits of
most performers who aspire to the character are tried,
nas most admirably given, and excited immense ap-
plause. His changes of tone and manner were ex-
tremely natural, and of course felicitous; in the sub-
sequent scene, where his jealousy begins to vent itself
in rage against Ingo, his burst of passion, was extretitely
eloquent, and yet we felt every moment as if it was about
to degenerate into rant. Tile closing scene was also a
very fine display of acting ; but still there was 'eta-.
sionally Attitudes which looked too much like asking
it ,r applause—attitudes vulgarly termed clap-traps,
which an actor of Mr. Kasaßas talent and judgment,
should not even trench upon. It was, notwithstanding,
a very excellent performance, and yet we doubt if it
will raise him much higher than he already stands in
the estimation of the public.
The part of Deeds-moire fell to Miss A. Jonas, we
believe for the first time, and she played it prettily
enough, but still leaving vast room for improvement.
They bare Ladies upon the establishment who could
certainly do more justice to the character. The other
characters were filled as usual.
The fog, which was so heavy during the day, having dispersed
itwif towards night, the Theatre was filled better than night have
been expected.

Yesterday, the dispatches for St. Helena, Bombay.
and China, by the ship Lord Lowther, Capt. CMAIMRS STSWARD,
were closed at the East India House, and delivered to the Parser
of that ship.
Houszcass POOR.—Our readers will be pleased to
leatn, that two asylums for the Homeless Poor have
been opened since Friday, one in Moor-lane, Fore-
street, the other in Wapping. The Committee, who
are called together at the commencement of each winter,
and adjourn weekly, keep a continual eye upon the
weather, and the state of the streets; it is gratifying to
know, that though the weather has been for several
days very severe, a very small comparative degree of
misery has shewn itself as yet in the metropolis; but,
holt% the experience of former years, we fear, that when
once begun, it will increase rapidly.
Petitions to the Legislature for the speedy and total
suppression of slavery have been adopted, and numer-
ously signed by the congregation of Baptists, in Eagle-
street, near Red Lion-square.
Mrs. Toone, the wife of the resident Director of tha
works at the Patent Shot *ill, was so greatly alarmed
by the late fire, that it brought on a premature labour,
which .caused her death yesterday. The child survives.
About six o'clock on Thursday night; a band of mis-
creants, consisting of about forty persons, having
levelled to the ground the five mile hothe, the property
of Mr. Puma, LINNGS, Lieutenant of the Roscom-
mon Militia, proceeded to the residence of that Gentle-
-181411. Having broken in the doors and windows,
notwithstanding a spirited resistance from Mr.Lassort,
NI, though unarmed,-beat back the first, six men that
entered, they made a wreck of his furniture, and dis-
mantled part of the house. Mr. Lawson having been
at length overpowered by numbers, fell beneath the
brows of his assailants, and having received several
wounds and bruises, was left in a state of insensibility
by tiose brutal tulians. This outrage took place in
tmeath, about two miles from Moy-
, miles from Athlone.
Thursday. 4 County Meeting
•,y Hall, Derby, to cohsider of
log Parliament for the Abolition
about half ass hour after twelve
T entered the Hall. in company
of DRVOMINIR; Lord KIN•
A Hon. and Rev. llaanitsucit
ALTIIRD CURZON, Hon. Capt.
Cuazow, Sir Room Gasst.s.T.
lama, Bat. FRANCIII MMID;
IDOL E,q. PHILIP GRUA.'
M.P. &c. A number of ani.
lade in condemnation of slavery,
ions in favour of petitioning Par-
was moved and adopted by the

TMsui TtADE.

• ...MMOw--

The Inhabitants of the perialrof St. Matthew, B.•th-
nalagreen, held a Meeting yesterday in the Church, to
take into consideration the distressed' state of the Silk
Weavers, and to adopt measures for their relief; Mr.
Wdon, one of the Churchwardens, in the chair.
On the motion of Mr. GAELIC, an Overseer of the
Poor, stconded by the Rev. Mr. Brows, the Vestry
Clerk (Mr. Biutton) teed the draft of a Petition to the
Board of Trade, but previously stated that there were
then between eight and nine hundred persons in the
workhouse of the parish ; that the out-pensioners es-
seeded twelve hundred, and the latter cost the parish a
sum of one hundred and twenty pounds weekly. On
Tuesday last there were three hundred and fifty appli-
cants for relief, many of seisms had hitherto been in a
state of independence. He attributed this distress to
the reliesl of the Spitalfields Acts two years ago, and
contended that a duty of $O, or even of 60 or 90
per cent. on foreign manufactured silks, would neither
protect the trader. nor- prevent smuggling ; and that
prohibitory laws alone would do both. He then ex-
pressed his deep gratitude to the Lord Chancellor for
the attention which he had paid to the complaints and
interests of the Silk Weavers. He hoped that, if his
Majesty's Ministers considered themselves lriund not to
abandon their measure, they might at least extend the
time for its coming into operation to three or five
years longer.
The Petition, after stating that the parish of Beth-
nal-green contained fifteen hundred houses, and nearly
fifty thousand inhabitants, most of whom were occu-•
pied in various branches of silk manufacture, called
the attention of the Board of Trade to the distress
and misery which at this moment prevailed amongst
them in consequence of the general stagnation of the
silk trade, arising, according to the Petitioners, from
the repeal of the prohibitory statutes, and, the pro-
spective introduction of wrought foreign silks; not-
withstanding the protecting duty of SO per cent. It
then stated that many respectable housekeepers, who
had for years contributed to the Poor Rates, were
become paupers; that the Workhouse was entirely
filled, and that if the misery continued, another place
of refuge must be provided ; but that the inhabitants
had no longer the means of granting relief, as they
wanted it themselves. It concluded by a prayer, that
some means might be adopted to arrest and repair
the increasing evil.
The Petition was then unanimously adopted by the Meeting.
Mr. Gramma said, half the distresses endured by the
weavers had not been told ; he bad been an eye wit-
ness to numbers of them selling their beds at this
inclement season to obtain bread for their families; he
had that morning seen some of them selling their grates
to obtain food. The Select Vestry he said, would do
what they could to afford relief, but it was impossible
for them to give it to such an extent as was necessary.
He proposed that the Petition should be laid in the
Vestry for signatures,andshat aCommittee be appointed
to carry it ihto effect ; it was seconded by Mr. UWwLN.
A Committee of twenty-one persons, including the two Church.
wardens and four Overseers, was then appointed.

..

Mr. Justice PARE, who Kea the cat*, intirb vett col
the prisoner, that he must hold himself in preparation.
lot the worst; for it was much'to be feared, that he
had long been itrthe halsit DE robbing his master in
very great extent, and such a crime was alviays con-
sidered deserving ftf a most exemplary punishment.—
This Jury were then discharged, the whole of the Mid-
dle•es pris *nets, having been tried, and the RECORDER
taking the place of the Le.rned Judges, proceeded with
the trial of the Landon gn istmers.

In the course of the day the London Grand Jury came into the
Court, and presented several bills as true; at the same time stating
that all the business before them Was gone through, and they were
in cousequenee discharged by the Chief Baron.

NEW COURT.

J. M. Shaw and Charles PraU were indicted for
having committed a burglary in the house of Mrs.
Frances Lower, of Edmonton. It appeared that on the
night of the 31st ult. some persons brOke into the pro.
sectaries house, and stole some linen and household
property. Shaw, one of the prisoners, having ►een
seen watching about the house a day or two previous,
he was immediately suspected as being the thief. On
the officers entering his house within an hour after the
robbiery had been committed, they found both pi isoners
in the midst of the property, and divi ling the spoil.
They were both found Guilty of stealing under the
value Of 4:03.

William Coe was indicted for highway robbery, and
robbing John Wain of his watch. The prosecutor said
he was a gardener. was 72 years of age, and resided at
the village of W►llington, ne it Usbi idge. On the night
of the 17th December, he was returning home, when
he was met by a poison on the road, whom he supposed
to be the prisoner, who knocked him down, and robbed
him of his watch. Ciotet, a constable, said, he saw the
prisoner going home at the time the rubbery was said to
have been committed; his shoes fitted to the marks on
the ground where the prosecutor had been attacked.—
The prisoner denied all knowledge of the robbery, and
he called his mother, who proved that he was at home
and in bed; at the time the prosecutor said he was
robbed. The Jury, after a short consultation, acquitted
the prisoner.
James Clark was indicted for procuring a certain
quantity of base coin, with intent to circulate the same.
On the 10th of December, the prisoner was appre-
hended by Lidbetter and another officer, in the house
of Smith, in Little Swan•alley, Coleman-street, and
on searching him, a quantity of base coin of various
denominations was found on his person.
The Jury returned a special verdict of, "we find the prisoner
Guilty of having bad money In his possession with Intent to pass it.'
The COMISON Sii.R.MANT explained to the Jury, that
Mete were two sets of counts in the indictment, the
question was, whether the prisoner procured the money.
in the City of I.lnclon, or whether he brought it thither
for the purpose cf circulation ?
The Jury reconsidered their verdict, and then returned a verdict
of Nut Guilty.
Abrahrirn Dan Cohen was indicted for obtaining
by false pretences the sum of 101. the property of
Robert Gibbons.
The prosecutor stated, that he lives with a druggist
in London Wall. Before the 12th of D2ce.nber, he had
no knowledge of the prisoner ; on that day he came to
the shop and wrote a prescription for a draught which
he drank; he then said that he hid just returned from
India, and had some valuable silks to dispose of, 'and
inquired if witness could introduce him to any Lady
that would perchase? as be wanted to raise some money •
t 6 pay the Captain 91. 4s. he had borrowed to pay the
duty ; ha, exhibited a silk shawl, a piece of bandanas,
and a silk gown piece; he said the shawl alone was
worth 24 guineas; he proposed to leave the whole as a
pledge if witness woqld lend him 101. which he would
call and repay the following morning; witness con-
: tented, but he found afterwards that the articles were
of comparatively inconsiderable value.
Charles Henry confirmed the foregoing testinomy.
i The 00i1MON SCR:KANT inquired whether OUT articles IMO t•
Gears?

The prosecutor replied in the negative.
The Learned 'moos then said, that there did not appear any
evidence to prove that the articles were not worth four times the
value the prisoner estimated them at—in the absence of this proof
the prisoner was entitled to an acquittal. Verdict. Net

The Princess Atiourras left Frogmore yesterday, on
a visit to the Duchess of Gummier's, at Bagshot Park.
From Montreal Papers of the 2J of November, we
hear that the dreadful accounts of the fires at New
Brunswick and Miramichi, had just reached them. The
inhabitants,. with their usual liberality, had come for-
ward and subscribed liberally ; upwards of 10001. had
been collected in two days; of this the 70th Regiment,
under the command of Lieutenant Colonel M‘Gaicioa,
had given 601. • The Montreal Paper says— •
" In publishing the list of subscriptions for the relief of the un-
fortunate bufferers by the late dreadful fire at Miramicbl, we ounce
but remark the very liberal donation of 1001. by the Seminary of
Montreal. We further remark the no less liberal donations of 25L
each by many of the leading individuals of Montreal. Altruist
every one, in proportion to till& warm *seems deterinbiOi to
prove, by something more solid than words, how deeply they sym-
pathise in the sufferings of the unfortunate."
The overseers of thdliam have set an example worthy
of imitation, in receiving voluntary subscriptions from
the inhabitants, for the purpoie of purchasing fuel at
icheap rate, to be issued to poor families at balipriee.
• Sunday, the Loan MAYOR, the Sheriffs, and the
great Civic Officers, attended Divine Service at St
Sepulchre's Church, whtre the Right. Reverend the Bi-
shop of Losnox preached a sermon in aid of the funds
for the support of the newly established Female School
connected with that parish. The Bishop made an elo-
quent appeal to the liberality of the audience, and at
the conclusion of the service a handsome collection was
made on behalf of this excellent Charity.
An apartment in the house of Mr. Goldane, the Hat
and Plough 'public house, in Whitechapel, was, a few
days since, entered by some marauder, who' stole from
a box £SO in cash.
Last week, a Gentleman's grounds, near Crieff, were
entered by a dog, which in place of attacking the game,
. . .

tirDnLgSEX SgSSiOgS, JANUARY t&

Daniel Byrne, who was convicted on Saturday of dis•
charging a small cannon into the face of a boy named
Keefe, by which the right eye.cif the latter was blown
out, %Vita brought up to-day to reteive the judgment of
the Court; but having produced witnesses who stated
that the instrument was merely a piece of boue, and not
brass, And that the mischief was the result of accident,
and not design, he was only sentenced to pay a fine of
30i. with liberty to speak to the prosecutor.
R. A. Kimmel, was charged with falsifying the certi-
ficate of Hugh O'Donnell, formerly a private in the
Co'tistream Guards, with intent to defraud the COM.
missioners of Chelsea Hospital. It appeased that O'Don-
nell, being anxious to obtain either a pension or an en-
rnlment in a Grarrislnßattalion, applied to the defendant,
who was acquainted with the mode of proceeding in
such cases, for his assistance, and delivered him his cer.
tificate of seven years service. The defendant accoud-
ingly wrote to the Commissioners on the subject, arid in
order to lay the necessary claim for what he was seeking,
he altered the term of service from seven to 14 years in
the certificate.

The Jury found him Gary; and he viol sentenced to 14 moot&
hard labour in the House of Correction.
The Court adjourned at its rising to next Thogiar week.

SURREY SESSIONS, JANIIAtY 16.
-...--

James Cassidy and Edward Keppel (who had tra•
versed since last Sessions) were indicted for assaulting
John 1114Caud, on the Bth of October.

Prosecutor keeps a public•bouse in Bermondsey,
where, on the day mentioned, he was regaling hew
self, a friend, and an Ruin officer, over a bottle of Port.
Keppel, who is also an officer of Exci,e, was sitting in
the bar, wi,h Cassidy. In the course of the evening,
Cassidy went into the room where prosecutor and his
friend were, but on being told that his presence was aot
agreeable to the parties, he retired. In a short time
after he was again introduced by Keppel, and partook
of some.wine. He and Keppel then began to wrestle
in the room, and alter creating some disturbance, and
breaking a glass, they offered to wrestle with *Quid.
He declined, but they would not be refused, and Cassidy
se,zed hold of and attempted to throw him. Ivl'Caud
resisted, and they came to blows, when both prisoners
struck him several times, and left many marks of their
violence upon varioas parts of his boiy.

This testimony of bliCamd was cortoboiated by that of the
Excisetnao who had sat with him.

Prisoners, by their Counsel, attempted to thew that
the whole was a frolic, in which the prosecutor at fist
j..ined, and in which no harm was meant at either side,
but the J cloy thought it was no. joke, and without hibi•
tation found them both Guilty.
The Cuirass:foe, after commenting on the Impropriety of their
conduct, sentenced each of them to pay a fine of 5/..ind to glee'
security, themselves iu 401. and two sureties In .C9O each, to keep
the peace towards the prosecutor, and all others et the King's sub•
jects, for one year.

the county
Castle,county and five of Westmeathmi
NEGRO SL
wok pine in the county
I•ie propriety of petitionin
Negro Shivery. At al
the High Sheriff
,th his Grace the Duke
`HIED, Hon. G. Latta,
( casco!, Hon. and Rev.
CUltzuw, Bin. FRANCIS
hart. 5, MATT. BLAU'S
M.P. E. S. CHANDI
W. LV A NS, EN. I
11,.,ted speeches were mai
aid 4 SI kb of retolutior
-ment on this sultect,
1
