VIENNA, Dn. 84.

The article in the Austrian Observer of to•day, which,
on account of its important contents, excites a rearm-
sation, gives a faithful picture of the po.icy of our Ca-
binet, with respect to the unfortunate question of the
Greek revolution. All the questions which agitated the
world for these forty years have been constantly dis-
cussed by our Ministry in the most solid manner, with-
out any reserve, but never with such frankness as the pre-
sent, the solution of which may be of such importance
to Europe. Our Court has neglected nothing to point
out the consequences of the Convention of 6th July,
1827, and as the revolutionary hydra, which seemed to
have in vain awaited for years for the present moment,
at length fancies itself at the goal, we are consoled by the
thought that a time must come when a steady mainte-
nance of sovereign and legitimate rights will baffle the
dangerous plans that appear in the back ground. Every
thing that guarantees the present state of society in
Europe is connected with the question of the East,
andi viewed in this light, it seems to be the duty of
Auaria to proceed without hesitation in its consistent
course. This is required by the spirit of our policy,
which upon this occasion chews itself more openly than
ever.—Ngenteine Zeitung, Dec. 29.

The name " HOLY ALLIANCE," once so degraded
and debased by the combination catried on under that
tide against the privileges of Europeans and The liberty
of Europe, has now, indeed, become the gloriou's appel-
lation of a UNION, strong for the redemption of one of
the fairest portions of the globe from savage devasta-
tion and ruin.

The bold and uncompromising conduct of the Am-
bassadors in their departure from Constantinople is no
less honourable to themselves, than most suitable to
the dignity of the three ruling Powers, and, as far as
ENGLAND was concerned, most congenial with the new,
enlightened, and truly English policy which actuates
the British Senate.

The crafty scheme of the wily SULTAN in refusing an
actual acquiescence in the treaty of the 6th of July,
while endeavouring by the promise of indemnities, and
finally by granting another armistice, to win back the
Greeks to former slavery, and throw off the galling
intervention and protection of the Allied Powers, has
been sufficiently seen through ; his stratagem is marred;
procrastination and temporizing forbearance have yield-
ed sufficient indulgence. Even the interests of lucre,
are overlooked, and England fears not to fight for
another's freedom.

We say, as we have all along thought; we looked
upon the casual roughs, the difficuhies, and temporary

backsliding% which the cause of Greece has ever ex-
perienced, but-as the apparently retreating waves c the
flowing tide, which, though giving the semblance of
letreat.rather than progress& in reality so far from ob-
structing, give but accelerated vigour to gradual but
sure advance.
Ruffled, and often for a time thwarted, as its course
has been, sometimes by the unavoidablehand of chance
—often by the malignity of open Pots—and still More i
formidably by the demon-like and covert treachery of
pretended friends, we have always cherished the fond
and neve rwaning hope, that GRIME would one day
iise, and that her foes would fall. We trust the period
of that defeat, and the day of that triumph, is not now
tar distant.

The‘freaty, the di,regard of which has caused the
ultimate step above alluded to, we always considered,
as a very chef d'auvre of diplomatic skill. Though
virtually, as it is proved, abetting the independence
of Greece, it was so contrived that no future breach
of the system of internationsl neutrality could plead
it, eithr r as precedent or justification. In fact, as we
before remarked, since the Greeks never owned or at
all admitted the right of sovereignty over them on the
part of Turkey, Turkey herself in thus unjustly and
unjustifiably enthralling Greece, lost herself, with re-
gird to the Greeks, floor other nations : all forbearance
on the score of a principle sl,e had herself violated, and
for the preset vation or punishment of the abuse of which
the ALLIED PowEr,s may be s tid to have thus interfered.
