SUzSRX.

ETETNING, Nov 21.—1 will tell you the heads of what has oc.
curred, lest you may hear a worse account. Our people are but human
beings ; but they have used little violence, and to us none at all. Two
men, A and B, did not work yesterday ; but in the evening they came
for 7s. each, *Lich was given on account. We resound much to them.
B is one of the speakers. We applauded his good motives, but implored
him to use no violence. A looked dreadfully. I told him to come to
his work at all events ; and if he must go with them, let them fetch hint.
such is the determination of a and H

••• ••• ... •••
The wages, lowered by since 3liehaelmas are to be returned
to the men.

We are as yet quite safe, but our labourers have moved. The first
day they called out the paid overseer, and made him promise to have
a Vestry, which took place on Thurnday. It was recommended that
the labourers should be employed on each farm according to its extent
and value, as was proposed last ycar. Thin was resolved to be done.
Here the labourers demanded I 2 s. a week Inc able men, over twenty ;
9s. tinier twenty, which was promistnl.

Mr. ---- and --- were very *cave in quelling the disturbance. They
Rave the peso& a sovereign to drink their health. The most violent
feeling is against —, who is to take six more men at one term, at Its.
each.

Every gentleman itt to take a man when requited, if rated above 11

We thought now that all was gning on sell : but in the evening
they mac again, and would have more; and declared they would go
to Weston, Highdon, and ocher hou cc, joined by the men
of the neighbou►ing parishes, to have the rents and thins
lowered. Yesterday we were called from our beds and told
that an assembly of three hundred were preparing to collect all the
men from the farms. They, however, were induced to disperse. and
another meeting is promised foe 11,inday, at which every man in the
parish is to be present. Mr. —is die person chiefly called for. Dead
or alive, they will have him there to face his victims. I could fill a
volume with the unhappy details of what you see is going on. I must
add. that B. declared, •• the Duke will awing yet."
Today (Sunday) all the active men who live la the borough houses
are sworn in constables. The last fire near Steyning was at Ashington.
GOD only knows how it will end.

CDmum's, Noy 22.—The man I mentioned yeetaday as being
in custody on ongisisa of instipting the people to atm of outrage. was
last night net ergo the Aloe of the finneesil if Owe, under charge
of a London eiker. He is mid gum, aM his bees In this neigh-
bourhood ohesit tem nisadm, log miensible way of business.
h als Ca Idea IWO emeng. There was a the last
MON at nob% mbar side of atennide whim great quantities of
ems, &c. irate donsoyod. The dorm owagneise of the nib. and the
four imp et the Onado, videb arrived hers within the
Let time days, ars ord leirmediaisly to Winchester, where the alarm
is great.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LoRDS, Nov. 23.
At a quarter to three o'clock yesterday the new Lord Clan :
quitted the table, where be had presided upon judicial but•in;sn, .!
took his scat on the woolsack.

The Duke of GLOUCESTER soon after stated, that his :Baits
had bten pleased to appoint the Right Honourable Henry Brougham,
High Chancellor of England, and to create him Peer of the dm,
it, which characters the noble and learned lord would enter the houso.
LORD CHANCELLOR BROUGHAM then went below the bar, and
was introduced SA a BATOR by Lou's DUNHAM and WELLESLEY,
with the usual forms. Having taken the oath and his seat, lie received the friendly greetings of several noble lords.
Lord llot.r.min next took the oath and his seat.

At five o'clock Sir ALZIANDCI GRAN rand a deputation of
Members front the Commons, brought up the Administration of Jue-
tice Bill, which the Lord Chancellor received, as uteial, at the IL: of
the Howe.

Petitions against slavery were presented by the Bishop of bond m,
Lord leverpool, Lord Rosalyn, In. Caliber pc, and Lord ll'harrcliff.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from the inha-
bitant 4 01 Wrexham, in North Wales, against the duty on coals, which
was read ard laid on the table.

The same noble Earl reported the five bills brought in by Lord Ti
terden fur reform in common law prcceedings, which rt ports were re.
mired, and the bills ordered to be read the third time to-morrow.
On the motion of Lord AUCKLAND, the House adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair at three o'clock.
Mr. SPRING RICE moved for a new writ for Yorkshire, and a new
writ for Knaresborough, in the Tom of Mr. Henry Brougham, now
Lord Brougham.
Mr. CROKER said, he could not allow the motion now made as a
matter of course, widen he considered one of the most extraordieury
ever made, to pus without a few observations. It was but a few day,
since, th• y had heard the honourable and learned gentleman, now noir: •
and letireed lord, declare in his place in that house, that he could not
by rossibility n.akc a part of the Government then forming. He had
I.tard that noble lord say, in that house, that the character of public
teen was part of the wealth of England. He perfectly agreed in that
be
opinion, and if the character of any public man was to held sacred as
public property, it should he the character of that minister, who was
the keeper of the King's conscience, who decided on all the property of
England, and who exercised extensive church pan-image. 19 e, there.
fore, thought that a satisfactory explanation of the inconsistent conduct
to alech he alluded was imperatively called for, and that it ought to be
given now or hereafter to the house. Indeed, he could not refrain
from stating that he thought it ought to have been made yesterday.
It was not very respectful to hen. members that it had been with.
held, as the order of the day for the 25th inst. stood unobliterated.
The learned lord was upon that day to have brought forward a motion
relative to Nest India slavery, and also upon the important question of
reform. He would repeat, therefore, that with two such pledges, it
was trot respectful to the house, in that eminent person, to have acted
as he hail den*. There was no excu..e that the writ was not ready.
Was he cot Speaker to the House of Lards; and was be not, there-
fore, sufficiently aware of the cireumetances to have given an earlier
intimation of his intentions? He could imagine no reason for the
breathless haste with which the learned lord had taken pea:melon
of his office. Every obstacle was removed in the most hurried
manner, and all technical difficulties were set aside, to enable hint
to assume that splendid robe—lie might almost call it domino.
—The conduct of that learned lord had made such an impres-
sion in the country, that explanation could not be withheld. The bon.
member then read an extract from a York newspaper, which, referring
to the conduct of Lord Brougham, stated that he had declared in tl•e
House of Commons, and at the bar, that he would not become a member
of any administration that might be formed. The Journal in question
went on to state, that it had been informed by a London correspondent
that Lord Brougham had said in the Council Room, on the previous
day, that he would take no office whatever, for be had made his electien
between the possession of power, and the opportunity of serving the
people. (Hear, hear.) The Elide then remarked that Lord Brougliate,
by such a declaration, had shewn the value which he set on tile
terresentation. The honourable gentleman then went on to remark
that Lord Brougham had said he would bring on his motion tor
Reform whosoever might be Minister. (Hear, hear.) After such a
statement it was not to be woedered at that great anxiety bad been ma-
nifested on the subject, and the question was one of such vital ime
portance, that he was sure, if the motion had been brought on next
Thursday, as was intended, every hon. member would have been found
in his place. What, then, would be the dieappointment of those who
came from the country 9 and fund that the hon. and learned gentlemen.
who twice volunttered his pledge that he would not form a part of any
ministry, hut would remain at his post in the House of Commons,
whatever the consequences, had forfeited his word ? If, Sir, said the
boo. gentleman, addrusing the Speaker, any one were to go to another
place, he would there see that the learned lord had abandoned
his ration, and that he was clothed in a robe like yourself.--
(A laugh.) Sir, I say, this conduct of the learned lord must
be explained. hat wits the meaning of his volunteer 'iner-
tia:t ? Were they intended as a menace? Had the learned lord been
n%lected—ore what was worse, had he been offered something which lie
did not think suitable to his high character and dignity ? If the
learned lord meant his declaration to act as a stimulant to the lazy pace
of the First Lord of the Treasury—lf this were the case, what could be
thought of a government, or of an individual capable of such deceit ?
If the noble lord has made up his mind to be in the house on the 26th,
I says it imports the country to know the alums which had induced
him to change his opinion t and, I must add in conclusion, that until
that period the noble lord's character will be under a cloud.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH addressed the house with much animation.
He did not rise to give the right hon. gentleman any explanatiouhe
was not entitled to any—still has did he rise to vindicate the motive of
his noble friend. He would rely uron his eloquence and the same
which the people entertained of his services, for a vindication from such
attacks. He could not refrain, however, from giving vent to the feelings
of indignation which had been excited by one of the moat extraordinary
sp-ches which had ever been uttered since the first existence of the
House of Commons. The right hon. gentleman had said that the
ciacumatances called for explanation either now or at a future
time. He (Sir J. Mackintosh) thought there could not be a more unfit
time than the present ; but, without saying a single word with respect
to the disorderly speech of the Right Hon. Gentleman, whites was en.
tircly made up of violation of all rules of the house, he would say that
it was a most unwarrantable proceeding to demand an explanation.
when those only who could give it—the colleagues of the Learned lard
—were not in the house. He would say, therefore, that though such
charges ought to meet an instant refutation, it was unmanly in the hon.
gentleman to call for it at a period when it could not be &Monied. If,
as tire hon. gentleman has stated, he thought the learned lord's.con-
duct capable of another explanation, why did lie choose this most
unfit opportunity, in the absence of all those who could have offered
it ? But he (Sir J. slackintoeh) denied that the whole of the cir-
cumstances could be publicly explained, for it was impossible to call
for the particulars of confidential ntgodatione with the Crown.
An Adtionixtration had been fermi in an iner.d bly short space
of time, and how did the hon. gentleman kuow but that occurrences
Might have taken plate in the country selnequently to the declaration
alluded to, which might have induced the eminent individual in ques-
tion to take office ? This might be the are, and yet the details coul I
not be given to the public. Units* some very strong case were itiade
out, to ask fur information from the government upon such subject's
would be most pernicious. Nothing could warrant it but a very tarots
euspicion of impure motives. lie would remark, too, that the btu
purls:man had not correctly stated the words of the learned lord—rt
least he would swear that, to the best of his recollt erion, they were not
such as the hon. member had quilted. He (Sir J. Mackintosh), how.
ever, was not bound to show that aifference ; and he would observe, that
this circumstance, of a differences cited g in the winds of men •
hers respecting the words, shewed the wisdom of the steeling order, lot.
bidding hon. members to quote the words If one debate in aaecher.
Not only was the speech of the lion. gent. highly disorderly, but be
appeared to have suffered the faults of the learned lord to have con-
gealed in order that he miett bring them a I forward at once. And
upon what ground had the hon. Gent. made his charge ? Was it not
strange that his only authority should have b en an anonymous Yoult-
ebire newspaper ? Because this anonyttinus writer had thought fit to
report mane of the remarks, real or premed. d, perbeps jocular and fame.
liar, made by the learned lord in a nading.rooru in the vicinity of that
house, they were to oe brought forward as a proof that a man who was
the most qualified to fill the situation to which he had ken appointed,
should not have been raised to that &lenity. Ile (Sir James 3iackine
tort) would be the last wan so narrow the liberty of speaking of pro-
ceedings in that house. but certainly this Yorkshire editor had been
guilty of a most notorious breach of its Standing Orders. The Miter
could not have been present at part of the convereation which
he had prulessed to report, aed it was, therefore, the more extraordi-
nary that such charges should have been founded upon I. The Chaa-
cellist. of England had been defamed in a most unprecedented manner;
but in his opinion no explanation would be necessary, unless meek
dealer evidence of misconduct were to be brought forward then the hen.
member had adduced. What, be would ask, did the words of the
learned lord amount to after all ? The plain inference to be deduced
from them w tit, that he expcited a government would be fumed en
principles consonant to his own. The ineinuatiessof the boneseable
member he looked upon as quite equivalent to an attack. and if be
were determined to make it, he ought, at all events, to have wailed
until the parties bad been present, who might, perhaps, Ifave
of a thousand explanation,. The attack was upon an
road who had assumed a moot sacred and impostaet duty ; and so
alreogly did he feel the hon. member had brought forward the subject in
aM manner, and that his attack was totally uocallid foe, that .
he =rot trouble rho house with any tunher ishairmations.
Lard F. L. GOWER paid he carne to the biome in unto ignorance
that any member meant to make the inquiry which had bees made by
dlis right hon. friend, but determined to avail himself of the opportunity
Of asking some explautiou of the ounduct of Om noble laid. He

~1
~~

-,I
A

it

1:

;
I ;

. .

ti~

!.'

~'.

r i
