• FRENCH PAPERS.

. .

•
.

FROM 701 041121112 DL FRANCS.
Letters from Alexandria of the twiddle of 34117 loot
been received at Marseilles, which state that the rico.
toy of Egypt had jut set at liberty the Greek primmer*
whom he held in slavery..

It was also affirmed that orders had been sent to
Ibrahim 'Pasha 10 evacuate the Mores.

•ROW TM I

141I11AGER DES CRANIM&

-----
RECENT INTELLIGENCE FROM THE RUSSIAN
ARMY •AT SCHUMLA.

VLINNA. Ave. 111. _

Yesterday die Count de Crussal and the Caaot Ap-
ruin arrived. bete from the Rossiya Seied-quartere bar
fore Schnell& The former, the nephew of hii Betel-
lency the Duke de Montanan. the French Ambassador,
has been engaged, as a volunteer, in all the operations
of the campaign ; the Count de Aprailu, who was at-
tached to the Russian Embassy at the Austrian Court,
bad been sent to the army with dispatches. From the
accounts given by these young officers, one may already
judge of the character which the warfare has assumed.
European discipline and tactics have, it appearsprought
very little change in the Turkish mode of fighting, sod
what was stated by Yalentini, who speaks as an eye-
Witness of the campaign of 1810, when the ns Russia,
order the orders of General Kaminski, encamped be.
fore Schools. might be applied literally to the opera-
tions-of the present day.
As at that time, the hopes or*. Torts toe placid
'wholly in the forces concentrated in their introit:bed
camp of Schools, spread over the heights which clai-
med the town, when they cannot be attacked except
under the greatest disadvantage, and from which they
cannot be dislodged without immense loss. psouo.
tams, ultogetherseparated from the chain .of those which
compose the Balkan, properly se called, and totaling a
periect semi-circleiencloses Schmid* like a belt. Steep
on all sides, slid rising to a peak, any access is imprac-
ticable except on the east aide, where the city-is de-
fended by redoubts, and by a wall which 'monads the
inuenched camp, and which is supported by the mom-
Lain, bristling with batteries which have been ma
greeted. there. To the right of this position, whide is
considered to extend a German mile in length, irtbe
,strong castle of Matscbin. At Schnola itself, the great
road to Constantinople from Stikine and Badschoek
crosses those from Ternowa and Pravadi„ which gives
to. this position the utmost importance is a military
point of view.
It is in the camp of this Thernsopyls of Turkey that
she has concentrated her principal army, C 00411144
spout 50,000 iefantly and 20.000 cavalry, undesithe
immediate command of the Streaks. Hussein Pachawl

Cowan=ll The communication between him and
and the fortresses on the Danube, is alrUatly cm
that from these be cannot draw any reinforcements.
provisions. Every day the Russians construcciorimlia
I hinder the softies of the Turks, and to keep them mem
effectually shut up. Up to the present moment thew
have been no attacks but with the cavalry, by. whit*
the Turks vainly endeavour to force the Russian spar.
tees. Their attack is always impetuous. bet *egotist',
as usual. They deploy in the form of a tan (en evenhiff).
A few discharges of artillery, and a well kept rap is.
from the infantry, always oblige them to retreat. The
artillery 4 their inttenehments appears to be well served,
bet hitherto it has done the Russians very little ipinty,
its calibre being too small ; a small past of their W.
artillery is aging (yoked to horses). and can in no te.l
spec be competed to that of the Russians. With few
exceptions, no quarter is given at either side, though
the Emperor Nicholas pays a ducat for every pro vet
taken by his soldiers. The iadignaties of the Russian
at the atrocious practice of the Tusks. who cat off the
heads of the killed and wounded who fall into their I
hands, is so pear, that they reject the pecuniary vs.
ward, in order to sevens their comrades .who heft
fallen in the field.

The road front Schuette*to Bazardjik passes between
amain's. covered wit'i woods, in which/hawks whQ
direk there. and who abandoned their bosses as the
approach rf the Russian anny, tang on a kind of
tiwedlla wanara in patties 0f420 or SO. and attack nad
destroy whew thty can the flussiaa videttes, picket%
and t.nrierx-t4ovedtble colludes (of the Russians).binre"

been fortned,.to keep open the cootonto;eatiess on the
roods. The transport of proirloslo for the Rimless is
carrieden with the wittiest pat Age Why, soder
betrothing es:orts. moveable megabits, vonsists
of 22 000 cars drawn bibullocks.imd 6,000 drawn by
barbers. Grass is to bitted in thetreatest abundance.
An innumerable train of cattle tollovis the army. Iris
drawn boot the interior of Russia, and from Wallachia.
rietrortes of the artillery' and cavalry ire in the very
b•svernJition. The number of .ick in the Russian army
ar likhumla is only,abemt 2.000. notwithytanding the
intense heat, which exceeds 4S degrees lof Reauatur).
and the scarcity of water.
All these facts prove the very able preparations which
have been made fur the stippoe t of the army, and that
bente engaging in this war all the obstacles and diffi-
culties of the campaign were anticipated and provided
lor.• Undoubtedly the contest becomes every day more
obstinate and bloody ; but if the force of the resistance
h doubled, the Russians ere in a condition to double the
power •or the attack. Before the present moment thirty
'thousand men of the Guard will have assembled at
Basardjik, while the 2d corps, under the orders of Prince
Sabatoff, is following closely up, and a division of ten
thousand men taken lebm this corps of 40.000.1inee be
directed towards the lesser Wallachia; to **intone the
corps or observation of Widdin and Rudschuck. •
Thus, in the early part r f September. the Russian
army will be in a condition to mask the Turkish in.
trenched camp of Schmid., and to pass with the rest
of the army the defiles of the Balkan, sot the direction
of Karnabat and Adrianople, whit* another COllllllll
shall pnab forward tea Widdia and Kirkkssi.
• lu the mean time, the sieges of Varna and Silittria
frill be pressed with redoubled vigour. Thus the war
VAR advance. slowly perhaps, but with certainty to it,
Object.
It is the character of the Russian Monarch to pro-
ceed to the sods which he has in view with prudence
sad firmness. Of this he has given proofs since his
advancement to the throne, through the difficulties
over which be triumphed—the conspiracy of the 25tb
of December, 11125, the attack, and subseq•ently the
perfidy of the Persians in their treaty, &c. obstacles
-which he sunsounted with a perseverance *hick Las
enhanced his slltCtitt and which will taro dot not lees
to the glory than to the profit of his reign.
The following changes have taken place in the dif-
ferent commands of the army. The Priam Eugene or
Wurtemberg, a man young in years but of the greatest
skill in military affairs. of great talents. and consummate
personal bravery, commands the Sd corps, in the room
of General Moirsoff. to whom is intrusted the what
malty of the army.
General Rorostlin quits. on account rf ill health, the
corps of reserve t f Wallachia. He is succeeded by Gem.
Count Laogerdn. Genetal Karnilopb, who died.before
Gierdiio, is succeeded in the command of his &Ike
of infantry by General Potemkin. The beild•rflastin
of the Emperor will continue in the central resides
of Bsa.rdjik. from Whence all the operatives will be
directed.
P.S. intelligence has this moment arrived, that Ad-
mind Greig bad penetrated into the harbour of Varna,
and taken possession of all the vessels that were there.
At the departure of the courier, the battle was raging
in all points.

FUN= Flnah-PASIS. SEPT. IL—Five per Cents. 106 E 110 c.
.-'!beeper Cents. 73!. 110 e.— Bank Actions. 111571. pr.—Naples
Slates, 79E194.-lipanish Loan. 48—Fichanges on Landon_
one awn* osabey, Of. 26c.—Three ditto, paper, 20. bc.—Dieto
money, aSt. 10e.

THE EVENING STAR.

-LONIWN.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER H, 3'828.

Phi 0 OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCIL
. .
Bask lied Set ladle Heeds SS 4 7
11 pet Cwt. Bet Set South Sea Steck
S per Q. Cow UWI Old Amenities
Si per Get. Shea New Ditto • _
Si per Get. Bed. Slut 41000 Bulge+ 1101, 71 S .
4 pet Ct. New,loll4 . i A
~ .6500 Ditto 72 4
4 per Cent. 1646, Met 4104 sad MOD Ditto 74 S
Lout ANL Sam Advertised 711 0
ladle Stack Camels fee Ant. SSi i
PORIMIN PUNDI. TWO (YCLOCK.
Waal= Ilds.ipLt. 24 Perteg.eds.iipC. SSe
De Amt. 43i 4 $1 4i 4 D• -Atm S4i Sk
Duds& lids. 3 pa. 64 PPM Bead% litloSpCt. 101
De. Aut. el Spanish Beds Sp Ct. lit
BRITISH AND, FORBION SHARKS, TWO O'CLOCK,

NUM& Mb.
300 MOO 415
35 30 71 if Ili 1011
This Maass. 55 5 76
Duo Cameral 40 .rib 2i i
Potosi La Pas & Per.• Lank IS . 5 (1 14e.-41 15.65
Prodocial Book et 'reined 100 . SS Lle

&lipase
Ilkazdhti

The Flanders Mail brings acceubts from Odessa to
the 17th ult. That city presented a very animated
and brilliant appearance in conrequence of the presence
of the Imperial Family, and that of the Amkraisadots
from the different Foreign Courts. The Emperor
14zoscu.as was expected to leave Odessa in a few days
fhe the Army, where the vast reinforcements, which
bad been foe some time advancing. were expected to
bare arrived. The junction of the EhIPIIOII with the
army was to be the signitl for the re-commencement of
.operations with rigour. and a decisive bards; was ex-
pected soon to take place, on which the fate of the cam-
paign would ultimately depend.

ODESSA. Ave. 16.

Neva was Odessa so brilliant as it is at Ms moment, when the
,Imperial Fan*, with o nomeroos Coon, and the foreign Amber
radon. boom it their presence. His Illejesty, kowever,wil
in a few days return to the army, whom the ragoradnents will
have antra& mid the operations will be reconinsescodwith vigour.
It Is probable, therefore, that a decisive bottle win soon take
place, on which the fate of the campaign win depend, and by
which, it Is to be hoped, the Porte will find itself compelled to give
tube federal:den and security required. Hitherto it was not judged
necessary on oar side to seed greater forces into the field, in order
not to increase the difficulties of providing subsistence..
The possession of ffinstendli. and she ripened fall of Varna,
which bas been elm's* bombarded for same days by Admiral
Greig, facilitate the conveyance of prevision to the'arosy, and
allow as many troops to fallow as may be,,tbooght necessary to fol.
low op the advestages akeedy gained. Not only will the rosin
army be harmed, but the detached carps be enabled to accelerate
their open dews, and to ace es the offiesive. Thu Omni Geis.
mar, in Littk %Nadi* receives at this moment considerable re.
iefercenvents, and be will net delay transferring the *eater of war
to &Ma, a coosidetable army being akesdy ordered to occupy his
resent position.
The next fertnigbt wM show what harridan the amortises of
.oinerel Geismar win make In Sonda, and whac embarrassment it
...mlll tease the Poet*, fee the &rakes impatkatly expect the arrival
of on mere to declare wink the rene. If the Emperor has

•

*Lite ouleatroorod ti mid Wk. do timbal Wolof& hi dist
war, tbN coda be daps salt as log ss ahem was rem vs hope
that tit Pons, sessibis of ks mots, might bastes to mpg, tiod
lid mho good tbs affronts astd inked.* affeftd to the Bassin
eakikon. Tb. °Waste perseverance of the divas Is its stoma
mist dump tbe intentions of its sAversark4. To the re* at
foreign war us new added internal ditenntests, sod seen ding
all the ocooms which base bees recessed bete bus Constaask
as*, she pea& ars week indisposed spina the Goverment/
aid than is semen to dread the revivals( site isnissaties.

To Anneals those dangerous metwies of :be Sulfas are very
active. and theosit Georral Pashewitsch Is said to be ordered seat
have any thing to do with them, yet they ineeketasily.duaki
much service. The consignments of lour and corn from this pit
to comusatieepie. which were made a few weeks ago by emuse
of the Governess= oe board French mod Austrian skim an ow
prohibited, and the Turkish capita!, which through atapssii
miry of war Rampant has not yet suffered the mat of poem";
will sows Mere that It is In his power to glee k op to (maw

Vssmia, Ave. so.— Mersllques. 041--BMsk Shares, Ipa.

BRUSSELS, Sin 0.

' A &Mob Cabinet Massenet arrived Isere yesterday keen lay
den, with dbretebes for liertiar—Bniatle hews. lqa.lo.

We have received this morning by the Mail, the Rio
Herald to the 14th July; and BIMINI Ayres Papers to
the 2Sd Jew. Neither of those papers amain sees el
any importance. Tbe yeses Queen of POILTUIML
sailed oe the 7th July from Rio. on board the lowa
ties frigate fa Leghotn. la complimeut to the sure.
time of the inhabitants of Oporto in the CMS el the
Coast itutios, her Most Faithfel Majesty ht.. be., awing
her voyage to Vienna, the title of Mochas of %own.
The question of peace or war reniabrs sedecided, et.
though it is asserted is the Rio Papers that the pad.'
navies of peace lined by the Empanon bed hem ie.
empathy the ;Roma Apes Gownsman, and
signers appointed to. finally negociate a peace hawse
the two conetries. The message of the Peninsula*.
Legidetmeaf Bosom Ayres, is speaking oe this nth*,
states also that negociatioas were still cnerineed, red
well•founded hopes were entertained that the day ass
not far distant is which the war 'meld terminate satin.
factoeily. No engagement of any conseqeence bat
taken piste between the cooterdine Fatties. The
Living are extracts
