v~

•
le .f the
lbw it? kir
Ids w:fe,
atat po-
tha
Rest that
thoOtine
tWboutd

ting now
he

TIM BRITISH AND FOREIGN TIMBER AND WOOD
ASSOCIATION.
CAPITAL 811,000,000 Sterling, in Shares of 250 each.
Vialllnme-411r Pm Pots, Bart. Towns:on, Fans, Dom!, and
' • Score, and Messrs. Room, Tolman and Ca
• Souerroaa—Messrs. DAWSS and enemata
THE DIRECTORS will make a Distribution of the
Shares as the Otth of June instant, after which day no fur-
/tier application eau be received. AU communications are to be
addressed to the Directors, at Messrs. Dawes and Chatfield's, 9,
Aagetcourt, Thfeintottoastteet, London. •

MR. comuroors taw WORE.

PAKLL

;NTARY FROCEEDP.GS.

• ,

In pod two. price 10e. id.
AIDS to REFLECTION in the FORMATION of
a MANLY CHARACTER, no the several grenade of
Prudence, Morality, and Relights, illustrated by select Passages
from ear elder Divines, especially from Archbishop Leigittea.
By 8. T. COLERIDGIL
Printed for Taylor and Healey, 13, Fleet4treet. and Is, Wa-
taloo-place,

Wary
rc-

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 14.
The Earl of MALMESBURY moved for Returns of all Corn,
Grain, and Flour, lorted from the British Colonies in America.
due 111111....(bdu54.
Or Roma F 44110111814 Mr. 814001111 and others, from the
Odemeeme. brew* up the Alawrititts Trade Bill, the Doke of Corn-
beilland's Amity Bull, the £10,100,000 Rachman ails Bill, the
ilsiteh Ptleeners' Aliment all,' the Bristol Town Dews Bill, the
Sibibereh sad Olasgoes Iron Railway 13111, tarsi &etch Lowland
Chttrehes 111111, sad a great number of Private BUls, whisk were
Iread a first time.
Earl DARNLEY presented a Petition front Rochdale, in the
County of Lancaster, in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill ; and one
from the Charelswardess of nt. Mary's Athlone, complaining of
vexatious prommilegs In the Vestry.—Laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN held a Petition of importance,
as relating an a osuntry where it was Wady wished to sewerage
general bundlog. It came from the Builders of the Clay of Dub-
lin, who mated, that in consequence of the Squared= Dudes,
tlumice akimbo. bad increased 4350 per cent. and that of deals
about AIM per cent. which formed a serious dwelt to the wee-
tim or repairs saltation. They therefore prayed air eslisf...-Leisll
on the table.
The Noble Marquis then moved for an Account of the valise midi
quantity of Timber imported Into the Port of Dublin during the 11
last Ave years.-.-Ordered.
/MAW= STICAM NA VIOATIOST.
The Marquis el LANSDOWN, in the Onetime( the President
of the Council (Earl Harsowby), who was also Chairman of the
Committee on the Atlantic Steam Navigation Bill, and who. he,
regretted to state, was prevented from attending by intelligence of a
severe domestic alamity, moved that the Standing Orders, Nos.
110 sedan b: suspended.
Agreed to, after a few words from the Earl of Laumnouta.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN then moved the second reading
of the Bill, and stated that its object was to establish a system of
navigation which would embrace the circumference of the globe,
and which began between Ireland and America. It was impossi-
ble, therefore, to know beforehand whattztent of capital would
be rtqaired ; bat every precaution had been 'taken in the Bill to
guard both the Public and the Members of cite Company against
the possibility of fraud. This Bill was one which would produce
'immense benefit in the South of Ireland withdut injuring any in-
terms existing there.—The Bill was then read a second time and
ordered to be committed to-morrow.
C JLONI A L IN TERCOURSZ.
Earl BATHURST, in siring to move the second
*reading of the Colonial Intercourse Bill, stated that it
edema to two Acts which had been passed in the third
year of his present Majesty's reign; one of which per-
matted and regulated the trade of our Colonies with
foreign America, and the other with foreign Europe.
The first had allowed, in 1823, American produce to
be imported into our West India Islands under certain
regulations; but instead of considering this as a boon,
the Americans bad imposed a duty on our ships in
their ports, thus nearing to themselves the whole trade
With oar Colonies. In order to restore the balance, we
levied on the Absericaa ships, coming to our Colonies,
the same duties which they bed levied on ours. But
this was considered as a merely temporary expedient,
and no doubt was entertained that a proper understand-
ing would at last be come tot and a satisfactory ar-
rangement made. All our efforts to accomplish this
purpose, however, had failed. Theo what remained to
be done? To open our colonial ports to Europe, and to
Iplace the European ships on the same advantageous
footing as the Americans. For why should we enwr-
rain more jealousy of those of Sweden and of Denmark
than of those of the United States? This was one of
the objects of the present Act ; but it went still farther.
It allowed all foreign goods to be imported from fo-
reign ports into our Colonies on the payment of certain
`duties specified in the schedule aepended to the Bill.
Not (salt were these goods to be imported in British,
but in foreign ships, provided their cargo should bethe
produce of the country to which they belonged. This
formed the great points of difference between the pre-
sent and the former measure. In the former, prohibi-
tion was the rule, and importation the exception. In
the present, importation was the rule, and the excep-
tion was prohibition.. The other part of the B li te-
lattd to the extension of the Warehousing Act. It
was intended to allow goods to be witrehougd in
the Colonies, either for importation or exebilittion,
and to permit them to be re-exported in British or
in foreign vessels, without being subject to any duty.—
The present duty on re-exportation was therefore to be
repealed, for to keep it would only be to deprive our-
selves of an advantage which other countries enjoyed.
Warehouses were to be established on more extensive
system, as they were to receive all kinds of produce,
whether British or foreign. He would not disguise
from their Lordships that this was a complete abandon-
meat of our ancient colonial system. Under that sys-
tem there was no importation. into our colonies except
from England, and no exportation from them but in
British ships, and ti England. Now they might trade
with tot eign ports and in foreign vessels. If asked
what system it was that he pursued? be would answer,
a system of commercial union, in the place of one of
Colonial restrictions. By it our colonies would epjoy
the same trade as the United States of America, and
some advantages besides, from which those States were
excluded. For as all colonial ships were de feel* Br.-
tish ships, and British ships alone were allowed to bring
the produce of the colonies to this country, or to carry
it from one colonial port to another, they would have
(that branch of trade exclusively to themselves. The,,
time when Europe held the western world under the
chains of the colonial system was gone by, and the'
States that lived in the darkness of slavery had emerged
to independence. Whether those of South America
would proceed as nourishingly as those wldck had given them the
exempie of etuandpation, was a Osaka which it remained for
tbdi eandect to solve. The United States owed muck of their
prosperity to the enjoyment of a neutral trade. Bet whatever was
the progress or the fate of those States, it was impe!dble that we
be'

Ito thane
.Suadat
perigee..
a lock, ise:
Oa sok*
cogitation,
en
robbed
N, to the
the street
ors were
ft was
Mr.
several of
ler of tile
ed outside.
id the lock
rep he had
• caught a
le was pa-
ssion.

BRITISH STEAK AND PATENT NAVIGATION

COMPANY.

In Shares of £lOO each.
THIS COMPANY has been formed under the imme-
diate sanction and patronage damns of the most distinguished
Naval Characters of Great Britain, uls.
Vice-Admiral Sir P. C. Dorfsam,K.C.B.
Vice-Admiral Sir Richard King, K.C.S.
Vice-Admiral the Right Hon. Lord Viscount Torrington.
Rear-Admisal R. W. ()twat.
Rear-Admiral John Maidnad.
Rear-Admiral Joseph Belles.
Sir Henry Heathcote.
Dtaucromi.
Sir John Scott Lillie
Capt. C. 0. Maine, IL T. C.N.S.
Capt. John Stevens.
Thomas Tredgold, Esq.
B. Thornton, F.,+
Capt. R. W. Wales, R.N.
B. Walpole, Esq.

ieh the Mo-
or plunder:
Call.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.

Edward Bates. Pis. •
tar. Nathamill•Tharbier. R.N.
Capt. Robert Brae*, R.N.
Capt. John Crialps,'R.N.
Capt. Townebend Dance, R.N.
J. Grant, Elq.
Sir William Ingleby, Ban. M.P.
J. Barrett Lenard,

raulting and
tqmiths and
, that when
gave her a
called her
by William
It eyes; the
key were ail
dants stated,
at half-past
to jug retied
:tacked hint
upon them.
o administer
Inters as the •
heir sledge-
e viotendalita
been in- ,
vhen in the

Mews. Druntrusads, sad Messrs. Veres, Ward. and Co.

The advantages resulting from the use of Steam vessels are too
firmly established to require comment; it is, however, universally
admitted that the vessels and machinery hitherto employed are not
adapted to distant voyages or tempestuous weather. The inconve-
nience arising from the great space required for the stowage of fuel '
is also a subject of complaint, and the imperfect system of steam
navigation at present acted on is attended with such imminent dan-
ger, that the packets now in use are laid up during the winter sea-
son, without even once atsempting the passages between England
and the adjacent Continental ports, the short distance between Do-
ver end Calais only excepted.
To obviate the admitted defects in steam navigation, the draughts
and models of several patents of great merit in naval arebiteeture
and machinery have been investigated by Gentlemen of science and
nautical experience, to whom it has been satisfactorily demonstrated,
that by the combined aid of the patents selected and the employ.
anent of propelling engines on the best principles, ensuring personal
security to passengers, the necessity for lowering the hulls of vessels
in the water will be superseded, all sea risks materially diminished,
the utmost velocity produced, and an efficacious and secure system of
navigation carried into execution, uniting perfect safety with dispatch
and economy ; and that ships constructed upon the improved prin-
ciples, secured by the patents, will proceed at a much greater rate,
when sailing ur steaming, than other vessels, and pass over bars,
ascend rivers at ebb tides, and make ports where, front the small
depth of water, other ships of much less burden cannot approach.
It is confidently antitipated, that vessels combining benefits so
superior will make the passage from London to Calcutta, by the
Cape of Good Hope (in despite of contrary winds and currents) in
fifty days, and to the ports of the West Indies and America in a
proportionate time : and that the Company will, with such import-
ant advantages, divide a very considerable annual profit, the com-
parative itsk beingimall, and losses guarded against by the pro-
perty being insured in London.
To carry into effect the immediate objects of the Company, it is
intended to build vessels of a larger class upon the improved prin-
ciples of naval architecture referred to, and to adopt such other im-
provements and patents as may appear expedient to the Directors,
with a view to establishing a mote speedy intercourse between Great
Britain and the Trans-Atlantic parts. particularly the East Indies,
the Indian Archipelago, New South Wales, Buenos Ayres, the
Brazils, Colombia, Mexico, the West Indies, the United States,
Canada, and the South Seas.
The capital of the Company is 51500,000, divided into MOO et
sllOO each ; a deposit of red per Share is be paid to the Bankers et
the Company, to the account of the Directors, on the appropriation
of the Shares, and further calls not exceeding std per Share will be
made when required, of each of which calls one month's notice
will be given.
Applications for Stares to be made to the Bankers by letters,
• addressed to theDireeters of the British Steam and Patent
avionics' Company.

Lady at Sir

3. Omnillle
7 Georgians
leaufort.

r. tag Has.

Walsh. Bat-
son Harvey,
QM1440 of

its Carolits,
th year.
Mrs.
rister.
th, Vicu of
weed, while
itield, third
dfordlattarp.
assell.siaare.,
id afterwards

&Lighter a

iing Doobari
loan, of tho

Balliaton26,
In. Ehpit
Ali Let facul-

3, Jima 15.
1 co Se odt
I to Sr od

AY.----s
►eis.

o 41 10s Od
0 S 1 121 Od
;co 21 .8s od

,s‘ t,
1,21 to Silo
feos'in2ieb•

1611; te I
ri 1000 .

Id to Ps •i'
).. PA od

ists.od
'6os Od
Od
6s Od
r. dK ,2P• (ea
st 44

EVER ANXIOUS TO PREVENT IMPOSITION,
DAY and MARTIN respectfully inform the Public
they have, after much labour and at a very considerable ex-
panse, brought to perfection a Label of such singular construction
and extreme dilhzuhy of execution, that they trust will effectually
prevent the many Frauds that are daily practised on the Public.—
An attention to the fallowing description of the Label will ensure
the genuine Blacking prepared by them. A pattern like Lace d a
pink colour coven the principal part of the 'Abel, the manes of
Day and Martin are printed in white letters edged with pink and
black, and placed on a white ground, the addres►,
97, HIG 11-HOLBORN,

iid
17d-
li4d

20.1
304 '
ilft44 •

i,,..
' ' ~• •
1
. .
.
. •
. , .
. . •
.
...
,--.
-• . • .
,
. • .
, .
• .
je. - ''o 1-4.'.
• .
.4... 'viz, • .
, -
. .
. ,
~
. : •
. i ....-
. ./.7 ‘
. 01,
1Z ~,t.z4tV.44.. .ti :..„
. ... *A
.....ir--
0, ' „....00 .._ 2h,..... .
.I.• :..3
/ •
• ‘ • •f.• •.-41•..?.te 97,
, • * NO4 lr. 4., /
. ....-,
'w. •1!s`
``l.fT •
.
r 1 4"4 • - *ibT.-'liNit r 4..
• . S. Or :.
6. .%.* t .
. .
, ..• , , .....i, ' 'C'.llllllll, pry Rir .•7, , ---"•,,,.,
• . . .
. • . . . .
...............-. . .
, .
•••• - • • •
NUMBER 11,967.1 . WEDNESDA , JUNE 5,- 1825 • . .
.._
,1m.... ......__
. - - f PRICE. SE"
..t . .

VEN-PENCE.

tion. If eier admitted, it arts s id, at would be made A
pretence for that most fatal consummation—the open-
ing of our Colonies to the ships of all nations. He re.
joiced, however; that this very consummation had been
accomplished by the parricidal hands of the Noble
Earl, who had most justly and heneficially.laid -the axe
at the root of the worst of systems—e. system only ,cal-
culated to create jealousy in one country, and poverty
in the other. If we wished our Colonies to remaia ours,
we must open them to every trade, aid give them every
advantage which they would enjoy if they were inde-
pendent States. In order to delay as much as possible
the time for separation, which li
Irohably must one day
come—in order that when it arrived there should be
hut little contest, little difference, and little animosity,
it became us to govern our Colonies as nearly as we
could like ourselves. He did not apprehend any evil
consequences whatever from the present measure,- for
there was evidence on their Lordships' table, that every
year an increase of prosperity, and even an' augmenta-
tion of British seamen had followed the removal or
every restriction. .He trusted that the future policy of
this country would rest on a system of commercial connecdon
which alone meld be Amble. Holed understood that other mea-
sures were to be bresght farmed is connection with the meets.
if he ceniplained of scything, IS was that these inealuses had been
introduced in a detached form, so that it was impossible to judge
of the whelp as it system. He nodmweed that one of the objects
oldie Bill. which was to PIM from the other House for the
plilpese of alieliddeg pteYhhistef, waste remove all duties on ar.
doles, the redoes of the West Indies, which were Welly cake-
hued hr their self use, our for that of the white population. He
sousidered this as a meet beadidal regulation, trading to lead to
something like a system of free labour in our Colonies, and to the
gradual amelioration of the Blacks. He looked with anxiety to*
future Bill, persuaded that, like the present, it would be grounded
on sound principles.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL regretted that another
Bill, which might be conveniently, though it was not
necessarily connected with the one then before their
Lordships, had not come up from tbiother House at
the same time. That would have been a convenience
as far as the discussion on the subjict was concerned ;
but still, as it was not essentially connected with the
present measure, their Lordships might proceed without
it. It were to be wished that there should be an end to
all systems of prohibition; but under the present cir-
cumstances, he thought that the Bill before the Mime
was wisely introduced. A measure had been intro-
duced en this sue.t, when the Noble Lord' opposite
(the Marquis of Lansdown) was Chancellor of the Es-
chequer, and he (Lord Liverpool) had felt it bit duty
to oppose it. He thought that the time and circum-
stances in which it was brought forward were unfavour-
able to lie.adoption. Now, however, circumstances
were much changed. South America had nearly effected
its entire independence; and, when that was once esta-
blished, he admitted that our colonies ceased to exist as
such, but should, for the purposes of commerce, he con-
sidered and treated as integral parts of Great Britain,
as much as London, or Liverpool, or any other town
in this country. By treating them on that'footing, we
wand tilde uttacbleast ; pal Wat-ary ?mime s they should be
seperated treat ie, dleir separedes would thereby be rendered
much lee demprees. The Bib before their Ldesiabips could not
be Wind upea MB an intriopment of the Navigation Laws. •It
allowoilleedipt dips to bring to the colades only the produce of
their respoodee countries, and taketnek to their own countries the
onale. iodides el the colonies; but it did not hi any case admit such ,
Alpe Many pen of the carrying trade, so as to take the produce of
she between nations to which such skips did not belong.
Mier these circumstances, be thought the Bill entitled to their
lairdthipe mu hvourable consideration.
Alter a few words in esplanades from the Marquis of Lain•
nowx lad the Bari of Lnasseez.. the Bill was read a third dna,
and ordered to be committed on Thursday.

EQUITANLII LOAN JILL.
Lord DACRE moved the second reading of this 13111.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE expressed his surprise,
that after all that had fallen front Counsel on the sub-
ject of the illegality ofthis Bill, his Noble Friend should
have confined himself to merely in.►ving the second
reading, without stating any one ground•why it should
be read a second time. However, it was not his inten-
tion to take up their Lordships' time. on it now: he
would consent to the B:11 being sent to a Committee, in
order to have the deed made a part of the Bill, and on
the third reading it would be for their Lordships to
consider how far the Bill so constructed ought to re-
ceive their sanction, and how far it might be consistent
with the law of the land. His objection to this Bill did
not arise from any wanton prejudice, but from a strong
feeling he had of what might be the injurious effect of
Joint Stock Companies on the commerce of the country.
He could not concur in the assertion that Joint Stock
Companies encouraged competition. So far from
that, be thought the direct effect of them was to destroy all cow-
petidon, and to bring ths most ruinous conieceences upon trade.—
In the nature of such Companies, they could not carry On trade
so beneficially to the country, as private individials. He was op-
posed to this'.Cornpany, because it was commenced aad.cerricd on
up to the pressor time, on principles which he held to be illegal
and injurious to the country.
The LORD CHANCELLOR observed, that if this
Company were not illegal, it might be for their Lord-
ships to consider whether it would be useful to the com-
munity to grant them the privileges for which they
sought ; but if They were not legal, it m'glit be asked
on what ground did they claim any privileges at all?
It was fully admitted at their Lordships bar, that. until
the signing of the trust deed, the Company was-un-
questionably illegal: be had no objection to allow thio
trust-deed to form a part of the Bill, either by schedule
or otherwise ; and after it had passed the Committee,
it would be competent for their Lordships to discuss
whether the Bill, as it would then stand, was or was
not a fit measure for legidadve sanction and he would take cam
that the twelve Jude. should be essossosed togive_theiropifsion
