THE, ARMY. ,
•
lieutenant of Doverlea-sblre.
Newell Maxwell. itaq. to be

---4 by

=.llSigned f the Lord
LOcal blilitia—W3ite~ .
Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant; vice De Peyote,. &email.
Ansuridale•and Fskdale Local Militia—blejor John Carruthers
to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice Murray. deceased. .
Comnaindons In the North Western Oxfordshire Regiment.
George Lovell, Charles Hall, and John ChurcLill, Gents. to be
Lieutenants; Samuel Field, Gent. to be Cornet.

The New York Papers inform us, that, on the 20th
of March, the British King's cutter GRECIAN de-
stroyed, off the Isle of Pines, the famous piratical
schooner la Cata, after an action of twenty minutes.
The piratical crew, with the exception of the killed
and three taken, escaped on shore. The GRECIAN
had two men wounded. These Papers contain se-
veral horrible instances of piracy.
We copy the following article from the Glasgow
CAronick,, but attach no credit whatever to the state-
ment:
GREENOCK, MAY 9. —By the arrival of the
Louisa, Captain Attics, from Trinidad, we have re-
ceived papers from thence to the,23d of March.
The Trinidad Gazette of the 19th contains the fol-
lowing article:—" By the arrival of the schooner,
Sector, in &x days, from Porto Rico, on Tues-
day last, we learn fiat on the 4th instant ten ships
of war and five transports attired at San Juan, the
capital, direct from England, with the necessary
credentials from the Spanish Government for the
delivery of that important Colony over to Britain,
which was accordingly done, and the British flag
substituted for that of the Spanish. This, we under-
stand, was not suffered to take place without consi-
deration on the part of the Spanish Authorities, three
or four days having elapsed before permission was
given for the entry of the whole of the armament into
the port, notwithstanding the authority produced on
the -part of the. British. This squadron, no doubt,
must have beep the 'sante as was reported to have
passed Antigua, some time since; but so secret has the
affair been conducted on the part of the Government
at home, that not a hint has transpired of any such
measure' being in contemplation as that of sending
out a force in addition to the one under Commodore
Owen, which was generally supposed intended for
this purpose.*
Rise or PRICKS.—Our Agricultural Readers will
see by our Mark-lane Corn-Market account, that
wheat is again on the start in 'price. Whether it be
Mr. Connerv's friends, the Quakers, that are again
speculating and getting up the price, we know not ;
but certain it is, that this- May, it is not likely that the
very best wheat will be so low as four shillings the
bushel, or thirty-two shillings the quarter, as Mr. Con-
serr prognosticated it would be, except" PEEL's Bill
were repealed." And yet " Pest's Bill" is not repealed;
but on the. contrary, is in full operation, and there
is no *ant of gold in England, as is proved by the
high rata of exchange in favour of this country.
..—Mut then Mr. COBBETT says, the backward season
is all against the fulfilment of his prognostications.
If, says Mr. Cornier; the season had not -been so back-
ward my prophecies would have come to pass; but
Us the season is so backward, as all the turnips have
been comparatively destroyed, and as'all the grass
has been put so backward in consequence of the
snow, wet, &c. &c.—why, then, we cannot this
year expect, the same sort of over-production that
there war the last year, or that there' was for the
three or four' years preceding The last year. Well,
ups will, for ar ument sake, admit, that in this
case Mr. Cttltat ay back out from his assertion
with an if—but-thin if he be let off with an if, what,
becomes of alllhfeuttedtpts to ridicule Lord LIVRIt•
root, who itraiedly said that the late low prices;
might in a rat respect be accounted for from an'
siverroduelsosArismg from the increased quantity of
land in a stati of cultivation, together with the four
sefive years of such seasons as England had not seen]
for 20 or 30 years yreceding. Did not Mr. CORBETT
endeavour to fix on Lord Ltvsaroot and his pro-
selytes the nickname of " over-productionists?"—
And yet now, when Mr. Conaerr finds that neither
his prophecy with regard to Wheat, nor his prophecyirespecting Mr. Evil:: Bill is fulfilled, or likely to be
fulfilled this year; he gets out of the scrape, by adopt-
ing the very same principle, as it respects a non-suffi-
cient production, or an Aver-production, that he at-
tertipted to ridicule in Lord LIVERPOOL and others.'
" If," says Mr. CORBETT, "the season this year is not
propitious, and there should be an under production,
Wheat must rise, but if the season should be favour-
able, and we have as excellent crops as we have had
for this • last four or five years, then Wheat will tum-
-Ible, and I shall have brave laughing at those who
doubted of the infallibility of my writings. We
remember the celebrated 'RICHARD BROTHERS for
iseveral years prognosticated that his rod would,
when he cast it down on a certain day in May, be
turned into a serpent,• which was to precede all the
Jews to Jerusalem; bat one May after another May
arrived, aad still Mr. BROTHERS' prophecy was not
fulfilled, He got away from the business, by say-
ing,' that the time was put off. And, as we men-
tioned the other day, JOHANNA SOUTHCOTT said for
alsall/ years that her Ssitto was to come in May ;
loit JOHANNA died, and her SHILO never appeared.
So also Mr. CORBETT has put off the price of four
shillings the bushel, or thirty-two shillings the quar-
gee for the tip-top wheat, till May 1824, except there
should be an over productive season, when, if that
should be the case, then he is to have some fine laugh-
jog, but it cannot be at Lord LIVERPOOL, for, by
is:'ciwn admission, he has evidently come round
so tiLord LIVERPOOL'S principle of oeer-prodiretioe
1414r41111111TT, therefore, may now be safely called of
Lutslikwisemooes party of " over-productionists." If
.(tonse ihttkponw n's Won rite word) corn and meat,
• II . •

,kcsAlsooldicostinue to rise in price, or even remain
at their present, prices, what will such landlords
pet *tam think of having been frightened out of
*sr corn and. bay-ricks, their cattle, butter, cheese,
Aka. .in consequence of.implicitly believing in
tiakrs of Mr. Cosine ? Will any of them
we that there shoild be such a trade as writing,
and publishing, in order to amuse, and there-1
p.40,5e11? But it is almost as hard to turn from
air opinions those whom Mr. COBB S?? has got bold
ieas.it is to make JOHANNA. "SOUTHCOTT'II disciples.
e that her Sumo is not eveenow in existence;
arid that, in due time, and on one of the days in
May, :be twill, as jonnywa said in some of her sub-
lime retry, is In Mai appear, aid. joke all things
cltar..—Morning Herald. "

:t eJ

NAVAL INTELLT6ZNCL

The Lion, Bucafoacc, from Slakinham to Bahia, hai put back
and been condemned. • -

The Apollo, Una., of Whitby, foundered on Sunday nier
after scouring over the Gunfleet Sand. Crew saved. • •
DA RTMOU TN, 'MA V 12.—Arrived the Clementine, Torso, frill
Gibraltar, with loss of beats and tither damage r• the briny cm,
vernment dispatches, and an ecaunt that the Marquis uf HA MA
bad arrived there on the 29th ult. in the Gi.aunosarigue,
Calcutta, on his way to Genna.

FALMOUTH, AIAT 12.—Wind S.W....Arereeil the Diviteil•ii
Datum, from Cephalonia.
ParmooTH, bIAT is.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the .X,:np44
WATtraps, from Messina.
PoSTSWINITH, MAYI3.---Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the bee.
pendent. CASTE*, from Malta.

Dana, Mar 13.—Wind S.W.—Arrived last night and trik4
for the River, the Upton Castle, froni ;
BAUM, from Calcutta; Rase, Constar, front 1161/0,Z..; vij
this afternoon, the Asia, from Gibraltar. Came down t;• en le
River this morning, the Princess atarlotce-of um!
and Marquis of Wellington, linassumus. for Madre, a9d
gal; George Home, Younc, for Batavia, Sineaport, Sze., Mira,
for Tobago; Aurora, Musa, for Gibraltar; St. Oltniris
Yovso' fur St. Domingo ; and Harleston, GuLuvra„ f;am the
South Seas. The Bengal Merchant broke her anchor while
weighing this morning, and hal. been supplied With anather. the
still remains.

PASSBNCERS TftO)i BVICOAL, raa Tilt Parma Rrcon—Dr.J.ll.
M' Whirter, Mrs. M' Whiner, two Niisses M' Whiner, and Master
M'Whirter • Mrs. H. Hope. Miss Hope, and Mader Hope;
'Miss Plowden, and Master Plowden ; Mr. W. Croxford; Ur.
W. Bladen Taylor ; Mr. Atkins, Bengal pilot service; fire El-
ropean female servants, two native ditto, and one Native nine
ditto; Master Robert Nighland died at sea.
I'ASSIINGERS ran TUN Qawitt—Mr. W. Bathurst, from MS.
gal; and Miss Kennedy, from St. Helena.
The Pyramus. BILOOII, from London to Madras, was-spokes
with by the Castle Huntly on the Line, all well..

CAPS or Goon More, filmiest O.—The Ganges, arrived from
Dental, reports that the Dutch ship Sophia Cornelia, -front ar-
t:aria, was working into Port Louis, with loss of foremast and
bowsprit, and other considerable damage, sustained during a
heavy gale on the 26th of January. In a strong 'soutli-easter,
on the 28th ult. the Ganges, limes, and :Mary, Svcissait„ parted
from their anchors, and drove to sea, and have not yet snat/e
their appearance, the wind having continued with peat iinience
till the 3d inst. On the 2d, the sloop Success was also blown to
sea. The Ganges arrived at St. Helena on the 224

Carross-House, MAT 13.—Ship. Entered tatiards:—The
Express, from Gibraltar; St. Vincent's Planter, front• St. Vin-
egar's ; Juno, from Nassau; Delight, from Lisbon; Aurora.
from Rouen ; Bee, from Waterford ; and Elizabeth, from ditto.
Entered Outwards t—The Prince Saxe Coburg, for Rottenlatu;
Elizabeth, for Malta; Nassau, for Gibraltar ; Ocean, fur Ham.
burgh; Marshal Blucher, for Itotterdim ; Sir William Canis,
for Calais; and Rockingham, for Calcutta.—Cleared Outwards:
The Pilot, for St. Mary's ; Hawk, for Newfoondlatad ; Nimrod,
for Quebec; Viscountess Down, for Hamhursh; Sir William
Curtis, fur Calais; Trois Ames, for Antwerp; Hoffnung, for
Stettin; Tamerlane, for Genoa; Catherine, fur Archangtl; and
Astrea, for New Orleans.

Durratsystrox or Parse-Moan.—The Margin a, for the Regis,
on the nd of June; for the Centro, on the nth of June; and for
the E.peranza, on the 16th of Jane; at No. 10, Lyon's Ins,
Strand ; and recalled Mondays turd Thursdays.

A' TAMS APPEAL TO MR. HUME.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

SlX—Permit a sailor, through the medium of
your very respectable Paper, to address a few words
'to Mr. Hume.

It appears, the Honourable Member intends let•
curing my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty,
on the subject of Naval Promotions, on the 14th;
and, from his being the very champion of Economy,
little doubt can be entertained but that his arguments
will be intended to shew that their Lordships, on this
score, are not confined within sufficiendy UMW
bounds. I am, unfortunately, with some others, an
existing proof to the contrary; and can assure the
Honourable Member, that there are several of the
class of Midshipmen now serving their country, who
have, by passing 'their examination, been qualified
for Lieutenants these eight or nine years and upwards,
and who have consequently been in the service four-
teen or fifteen years and more, and who have arrived
at a time of life when the idea of still remaining on-
advanced is not a little harrowing to their feelings;
when, probably, on entesing the service, they hail
calculated on being, in the natural course demists,
a Captain in the same lapse of time.
Considering these simple facts, can it be-pcomisle
the Honourable Member will permit Maisel/ orbs
' the organ of sentiments, the severity of which must
prevent their Lordships from doing even tardy justice
to this class of the Public's servants, their own fed
hiss, and those of the country at large ?--I am, Sir,
A wt.

WESt INDIAN PIRACIES.

It appears that the atrocities of the pirates in the
West Indies, which had been partially suspended
ing the sitting of Congress, have recommenterfunda
circumstances of greater cruelty and rapacity, and ts
a greater extent than ever, so as to threaten wadi&
tion to the peaceful pursuits of commerce in that
quarter. It has now become a frequent practice 10
murder the crews of the vessels captured, in orders
prevent detection. All the vigilance of Con:modem
PORTER'S squadron, consisting of steam-boats, ani
other vessels constructed for ascending the rivers is
pursuit of the pirates, has proved, inadequate to the
cure of the evil. Matanzas,in Cuba, is the principal
depot for the plundered merchandise, where a rep
lar 4, piratical price-current" is said to be Pohliabot
and in which, to tempt purchasers, prices are simnel
not one-third of the reel value. The population
Matanzas are described as a lawlessset, pertain d
the habits and character of the pirates themselves, Ea
prepared to defend their ill-gotten property bt do
most desperate actions. They boasted opsely
having stoned the boat's crew of the Spark (an Aye
rican vessel), which had the misfortune to fall in*
their hands, and avowed their determinatio* 400
sinating Commodore PORTER or any of his Ofican
should they venture to land in Cuba.
At Porto. Rico, on the Bth of March, durieg tke
stay of Commodore P9arza's squadrcuint that I
an unfortunate event occurred. A vessel, named *
Fox, was standing into the harbourof St. John's, who
in consequence of having misunderstood the vrarsig
to keep off, a shot was fired froni the Moro Cards
which- killed, the Captain, Wm. Comte, and nwall
sunk the vessel. The Governor of the fort, who 0
absent, threw the blame on the Commanding O
and great pains were taken to represent t. 44 atairla
an accident, which was probably the case, thouglow
Anserisan Commodore .expressed great indigos"'
on the occasion. The object of his visit was 1.21.
mire into the character and description of the PO'
'teas fitted out at Porto Rico.

WEST INDIAN ECCLESIASTICAL
ESTABLISHMENT.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAB.
EA—Amongst the various plans which have been
bieraght forward for the improvement of our West
/mho Slaves, I am surprised that the formation of
a regular Ecclesiastical Establishment for their use
has not been proposed. Whoever is acquainted with
the state of morals in those colonies, must know and
feel that unless a considerable improvement takes
place M the manners and habits of the white people,
it is hopeless to look for any practical improvement
among the Negroes. Now, Sir, to bring about this
desirable change, I must own that I see no method
so *practical and efficient as that which has been
adopted for our possessions in North America, and
more recently in the East. By the appointment of
regular teachers and catechists, under such an esta-
blishment, a visible improvement of the Negroes
would soon take place, and then they would become
fit for an emancipation from slavery. I trust, there-
for*, that in the debates which are about to take place
on this subject, the question will be put to his Ma-
jesty's Ministers—lVhether they have any such plan to
eriggbefore the House? if not, let them come down
is the following Session, with some definite project of
this kind. Upon such a basis we may reasonably
hope for the appearance of a better order of things
hereafter in the islands, because it will bring about a
general improvement of in:timers and habits, both
amongst the Whites and the coloured people; but
till this is effected, the resolutions of our Parliament
will only remain dead letters on the Statute-book ;
or, if carried into effect, they will be productive of
the worst consequences to the happiness of those
whom they are designed to benefit.—Yours,
&c.
Bath, May 12, 18-25. PROJCTOR.
