ST. JEAN PIED DE PORT, JANUARY

II4R4DryajUSsOCIA nom FOR PRoCVIIIVG.
•
7wvorip Pie* ELlDta'ltlittvAloa tot m..'
.12 1:11‘ 70i. 1";.(10 erb 4.64,04.. i:.,; ;;:• ti.:''. oii-,3vra:leni
Thursday, the Annisterirear Diettetoltideltattitibti
.t'ic4 - l'"k• • - GAO_ - . .4no" CFR% . Readi„ ngi, ,134... i,
;tmaiseatiffl and q my Giesithrseo cw4le- arg.xesPPeta",
bajtr -atigernWed•on ,thks.:ocCaSion. The :Chair, wail
;very eall'lßTO-loy ksiiraelvildrate, Esgr the Deputya
• Chair, viiih'efiael ini. i iit*; by TT. G. OtnaLattit, Es4i
;Amongst the cOmpar4 •
• IJITFP-7 . .
i ..e. f. Painter, Farviterk &illis Merck, Fat the Members fo;1
the &Niel r .7. C. lifshilanne‘ 16q..7. Germ Esq. F. Cra . • '
Esq-,111. Muth* sarixr.:s4ll,4l. Rigby, Esq. are:
Sir F. BURDETT would have been present, bin the
sudden illness of one of his daughters preveated.him.
. • Soon after five o'clock, the company sat-dowel° a
'substantial dinner. When the important:duties of the
!table had been dispatched, and justice had been dono.
Ito the usual toasts of s The King,rui. Tlielorher
branches of the Royal Family," 44 The ithadies Walla
of Old England," and 44 llie.Arrny," ','-'''. ::"' ' ' •
The SECRETARY proceeded to reirithe ;Constitution
of the Association, in order, as the Camituato ob.
served, that The old members might keep in mind
the principles which they bad pristralea to support,
land the new ones might be made aceiSaliSted with the
-course which they were expected to follow. The object
of the Society, as set forth in its constitution, is to
guard against the exercise of undue and illegal in•
:fluence in the election of Members to represent the
Borough in Parliament. For this purpose a consi-
derable sum of money has been raised by subscrip-
tion, out of which the Society propose to afford corn.
pensation to any Elector, without regard to his poli-
tical principles, whose interest may have suffered in
consequence of his having voted in opposition to the
wishes of those by whom he was employed in trade,
or with whom he happened to be, iu any other slay,
beneficially connected. .
Mr. GREEN, in the absence of the Treasurer, then
read a Report of the state of the Society's funds,
which was extremely satisfactory. fu the course of
the last year 13 new members have been admitted.
On the motion of Mr. F. PALsteu, Mr. Green read
a letter which the former Gentleman had received
from John Walter, Esq. of Bear-wood, near Reading,
apologi.ing fur his absence from the dinner on ac-
count of indisposition, which rendered him unable to
take part in a Public Meeting. He warmly approved
of the political object which the Society. had in view, •
and promised to appear amongst them on some fu-
ture occasion. He at present retkueited to be enrolled
as a £5O subscriber, and declared 'his,itidlifOs to so
farther, if it were thought necessary.
Some other apologies were .riceii.eir for non.
attendance. • - - • '
The CHAIRMAN then rose and said, that,the gentle-
men prescat having heard die'flattertng report of the
state of the finances, add having" alsis heard the reso•
lutions on which the Association was founded, he
would now proceed to the less formal business of the
evening. Could it, he asked, le-necessary, can-
4assed as the Society was out of doors-admired as
It was in their hearts, -by Many'who owe not con-
pected with it—supported as it was by the talents
and character of several srewencLdistingoished Mem-
bers, some of whom he-sew around.. him—could its'
be necessary for him to. egpatiate.on the-benefits
which must arise from the labonrs.sof soar an. institu-
tion ; or to point,ont• the edvaiitigea:Aich most
emanate from an etenslon of. the jortaciplei an which'
ft was founded? —4.lliplonse),--Mtlittiiklotthe friends
of corruption cry Out against it-Vefirs.bodYfthey were
)hateful to his sight;: they were litiOisionie to his feel-
ings. But, strange indeed would it * be, if . persons
who well knew the nature of the Association, if per-
sons who were connected with that Borough turned
round and misrepresented them. Were there, indeed,
such persons? He would enly say, that there should
not be suclu But let those who entertained those false
and perverted views visit them atßeading--(Apploare).
Although at present the efforts of-the Association were
local, they hoped in time to give much greater ex-
tension to their views—they hoped to see other coun-
ties, inspirited by their aid and example, sending
clean-handed Members to Parliament, till, as pile
after pile was driven, an efficient barrier would be
formed against the overwhelming surge of corrup-
tion which now threatened to overthrow the last re-
maining bulwarks of popular rights—(Applause)
Nor. was it a vain thought that the principles en
which they acted, travelling through the countrys
and gathering strength and force as they proceeded,'
would become a nucleus from which would ulti-.
"irately emanate a pure and' liberal system of policy—
(Apigause)—such a system as would prevtnt the
powerful from acquiring that improper influence
which was mentioned with approbation in a late un•
, worthy speech delivered at Liverpool—(rfppkusse)—
in influence which, if not checked, must end in the
slavery of the People, and produce anarchy, cons
fusion, and irremediable ruin—/kplause).—To pre-
vent the occurrence of such evils, was, he conceived,
the object of that Association—and it was a noble
object.. He therefore begged leave to propose, " Per!.
manence,increase, and prosperity to this Institution.'
The toast was drank with acclamation,
' The CHAIRMAN next gave—" An efficient reform
in the Commons House of Parliament."
The VICE-PRESIDENT said, he was perfectly well
satisfied, that the toast which he was about to pro.
pose would be received with the most cordial and
friendly feelings. The gentlemen whom he was aback
to name, needed no panegyric in that place. Their
talents and their integrity were _well known all over
England—nay, they were known in the uttermost
ends of the world, wherever the English newspapers
found their way, as perfettly as they were in that
county. He proposed " The health of the Members
for Reading," which was drank with three times three.
Mr. F. PALMER returned thanks, and, urged, 111
strong terms, the necessity of a Reform in the Repre-
sentation of the People. He could adduce 500 in-
' stances of the mischiefs which the country had sus-
tained in consequence of the, existence of close
boroughs. Every 146 who was sent to Parliament
ought to be responsible to the People. ../Siiiii hi wear
only accountable to the patton,all r 'laity tenant
an end—it then became a mere mockery. Hehsrde
' therefore, that Associations like that of Reading.
... •:,..,
be formed wherever it was possible: Also* . r,
were at present legal, and Ministers roust,providera.
seventh Act to prohibit them. U the people didinot
-associate, they could do no good=-they would be,"
as 4 rope of sand. If Reformers wilted. to4sll-
- of umbers was in their favour, and theakitak•:
c - ,

e bare General O'Donnell here, with his feet
frazen, and the maledictions of his soldiers for his
reconifence. It w4s in vain that he boasted, before:
departure, that he would establish order in the
Army' of Faith, and give it a reg..,Tiar organiza-
tion. Juannito and Ludron, probably discontented
that another should come and reap the fru.it of their
;abhor, appeared at the first ill-pleased with the
arrival of the General-in-Chief, but aligi not dare to
refuse c • receive him, especially as be was nominated
by the Regency at Urgel. Ai soon ai this was dis-
solved, tired of obeying the General; who, -they.said,
was too old to carry on such a war, they sought to
.discre.lit him in the opinion of his troops, and even
to make him suspected on account of his two bro-
the:s, one of whom is Inspector-General of Infantry,
and the other Chief of the Staff of Torrilos.
Torijcis occupies the best position in Upper Na-
vane, and has driven the greater, part of the Army
of the Faith into the vailies of Faro, Ahesca, Salazar,
acd Rencal. A strong. column of Constitutional
troops is posted in that.-of Hasten; the 2,1 at Lum-
bier es the 3,1 at Salvalterra; and die 4th at Canfran
communiCn.ing 'with- the troops of Arvagon. The-
,fs in the environs of Pampeluna, and,-.the
priocipal towns of Navarre are occupied by.garci,
sins, more or less numerous. Unless the bands of the
Faith deltrily themselves by their constant Mai.efles,
their speedy defeat or dissolution seems in,evitablo,l
.. A ProClamitiun,- published by Torrijos, 41
Lid-
bier-es,.on the 4th, is said to have prodoeed- a- veri.
good effect, and to have induced many of the soldiers'
tithe Faith to come over. Fugitives of all classes
arrive daily, who paint the deplorable ituaVgn of Vie
army. The sending of pini4sions;contirkiles; Wadi-
payment is not so good as it. Used to bs.. -

BAYONNE, TANUAEY *P.
' We have nothing to Add. co the, sew& from *St.- Sean
Foci de Port, • • • . •

• It is reported melte% the great ?melba' e( Spanish
refugee. who are here, that General QUessideisetery
moment expected from Paris, to take the command
of the army' in Navarre. The Fears of wor. . are ent
dispelled, etough the nsilitayy preparatiOni -*re.
greatly rela-sed. Our trade with Spain is reduc.e4 to.
nothing ; for nobody cares to send goods, because
the Defenders of the Faith do not content thereselves
with exacting a duty at certain places on-ell sent
from Fiance : two, or three leagues further on; they
send soldiers to seize on them, or to choose out of the
bales %ilatever they please.

Our accounts from Madrid of the Ist instant. say-
-44 We er.j )y perfect tranquillity, but the irritation of
people's minds against the Holy Alliance, and espe-
cially of France, is at its height. •It is affirmed, that
an account of the refusal of the Pope to sanction the
division of the dioceses, and the exile of the Archbi-
shops and Bishops who !ive not proveti their attach-
ment to the System, a proimsal willisrmade to the
Corte, to reu.+er the Si.•anish Church independent of
Rome, by investing the Aichbishops and. Bishops'
with such •power as shall make all application to
Rome useless. •

" The English Ambassador continues to enjoy high
favour with our Cabinet, which makes it supposed,
that the claim of eighty millions is merely to cover
certain negociatinns carrying on between the two
Goiernmehts."

Piaot and Co.'s London and Provincial New Com-
, 1),
NMlag, Directory, for 1822-5.—A DIRECTORY is
one of the very last books we should expect to be
called upon to notice, but really this Work is one
of such stupendous industry, so excellent in its
plan, so extensively u:eiul, and so carefully and
admirably executed, that we feel we cannot do a
better service to our mercantile friends and readers,
than by recommending it to their notice. This
Work contains a complete London Directory, in
winch the names are first classed into trades ; these
are printed, in three columns. Then follows a list of
all their alphabetically arranged, in six co.
lumps, with references to their occupation and places
of residence. Complete lists of the learned professions,
suth as physicians, surgeone, attormes, &c. are given
distinctly. Li-as of all ..he streets, alleys, courts, &c.
London;of the taverns, coffee Kai, es, coaches, wag-
gons, dater conveyances—in ,hort. everything that
r'esic;erit cif London, or 3 visitor to it, can want to
know respecting the Cazital. The same plan is ob-
served with the two hundred and eighty of the prin-
cipal cities and towns in the counties; and, looking
to such places as are known to us, we are really asto-
nished at. the extensive and correct information that
kas been thus accumulated. The Directory to each
town is prefaced with a brief, but well-written histo.
rical description. There are several other excellencies
in this Work. " too numerous to mention ;" we must'
not, however, forget a table of the current coin of
teraty-eight countries or states. From our brief notice
of thi. Work, it will be readily perceived that it is
such as no mercantile man ought to be without; and
Ire may att:i, that considering the quantity of letter-,
press, aid the immense expense of collecting mate-
tali for such aithkee.it is published very
Lifritiri Orrin' 7, Ink.

Mt",

aglifitilyzas no inferiotitt of talent. The? had a good . 'bent. Mr. Fawkes was one of those, and ke mild
boolLtkpoostliCninko tissitpknFit.. 'fps, svaa several ntitaa..,—,.l/4.4t, was ipmentubtt No
pon. Gentleman concluded briasirgss4kg iho.killat think, "tlatvililist thOWW‘Vstilleelltigichl, supported
. ch a plan of Parliineentary Iterorrn,w(iu-Ydiri-iihi the omerk whit) -.flak `: -fteottdeted all these 061%
e as would unite in one bisdy all th friend*: of .Re- theic wpir citkeis; milkeFhilp in- Opal: , et,
ores. Buell 'a.:pian4 adontastaidi:tuastibt4f.andnitso- pdboiri ii‘ had been in4hory-,4 )0s .....k..414.
totted .with firmness and,nonnialiterscalupingio:44 fhaCilleTs. k‘cSM:flill.itaiMlSlie 4* '.
-41...te**.A . 1
ilitt if. A fpl4nl afitlicat 4legkiptiou ,Is.s.rel not 49.reted, he port a nation -which :as iiiigji xyr heft° b
feared sh! feqp!e rougrlprig retnain as Wel, were,. nd neglected icc.aarits.debtreakiauppetisit
i .Mr.l. 13. Haberci *littreaye tkfti ttrinlatirti4triess '' Ehgliatmaw tkeuld..fsset,drwyrna.-- - - -tmkap -m-
-.,
• kinitneitise ?nett'

fcikhe very litidliein vita of hitn,
And to assareihreteembipthae,thervrbuid

in . . .
a tittles atiskplisces,' retl3,-,.1.0414PP00-}hP-c4ilV., t9ki
putiti of election.,..Tbf best ry,tiy to nnii9fs,tlOfieann.sfi
Of Commons was to keep the e,lectors purr muse'
if thefountain-litict lie impure, • A riluit'pini - .
from it must be itcpier;&...:( lifts)....z.:llaar was 4 • .
perength.uf their adversaries? unceasing Anoka,-
Four to revile Parljamentary.Reforna, and a ccins!ant
FigiinaceLio procuring a pelted House c'f Commons
Composed of -Members who were not sent tbeee,by
the voice it ilii Pi le, Mit 'by thefat of some single
patron. Ilt.st -to MentlievicA3f this class, who repre-
seated rcitten Borough% thatcxivinnotentchiefly paid
attention; and to. them exclusively they distributed
all. places and peosions. A. paper was laid on. the
table of the House, last Session, which tifreir *much
light on this subject. 'lt appeared' from that docu-
ment, that 89 persons in the House of Commons re-
ceived £179,000 of the public money, being . about
12000 a year one with another. Of these individuals,
Ito less than 64, being 3.4ths of the whole number,
were returned for rotten boroughs ; and of 14 Minis-
ters, who had seats in the House of Commons, only
four represented populous places; the rest were rotten-
borough nominees. No one could suppose this was the
effect of accident—it was evidently the effect of design.
The wholesome statute of Queen Anne, which sent a
Representative who accepted of office back to his
constituents for their approval or rejection, was ren-
dered a mere dead letter. by the rotten Boroughs; for
what use was there in sending a man to the iehabit-
tints of such places as Old Sarum, where no opposi-
lion could take place? Thus, that which was-intended
for the support of the People's rights was convene
into a shelter for the invaders of those rights (Ap-
plause): and those rotten Boroughs' were the havens
ourhich Ministers retreated for protection against
dtelltorms of popular indignation—(Applause). This
ilvastlie case with lord Castlereagh, a man most uo-
pOPtilar here, and. absolutely hated in. Ireland ; and
yet that rain sat for the County of Down. But bow
did be sit there? Was he returned by the voice of
people?. No; but by the voice •of one patron--the
Marquis of Downshire: for kmust beknosen to. all,
that the Counties in Ireland were as corrupt .as the
Boroughs here. He believed, that in the next. Sen..,
Ron, Oicre.would be a strong contest between Cor-
fu,xto? and Reform.. When it came, they Should
'fflum at his post, advocating. Purity of Election,
OM,. and Retrenchment, aunt Papeilg Enrol/a-
-' ce, and Corruption- .( ..1 11 ..qiii.v -.
•.; Toist.,44 *easy in Alestta.si Alt h! 40.4104%1005e,Ft
faction:7 _
okit-24, laid likesi,lii: Peaskisi int slicitkini lots.
.....ernoissiti Terbskirei,- -.- •- • i .... -, I ,- • •
The Cimmotose thou Rivaled .B'4 me-MO* rot
tVestminster; who his honoured tiiiflth'hle . -.. • -
this day(Cheering). '. --'1 ;'7 C j %,.t; 7 7-1 . , "1: '
Mr. HOEHOUSI !Midi hit helieendarviteenhooseun-
s
necessary for any Reformer, certathil y not feefso hearty
a Reformer as he hoped he hod, proved Itinaself to be,
to account for his appearittee amongst * Eleciois of
Reading ; for if there were a 'plaCe in England *heft
Reform had beenshesentomOstodvantage,imd Where:
the principles on which Refbriners proceetiedhad bite
acted on with the besteffeet, it certainlywas amongst
the Reformers of. Reading. Re did.. not, however,
know that he would have ventured to Obtrude 'Mit-
self en their attention this 'day, knowing that *hat
they had to del they were able to-dn themselves; if it
had not been cot edventitititts circumstances. His own
connection with the neighbouring county, and the in-
timate connection which his Honourable Colleague
had with the County of Berks, might, perhaps, en-
title him,. withopt presumption on his part, to shew
the respect he-owed to the Electors of Reading,
to their worthy Members, and, above all, the ve-
neration be felt for the sentiments which called them
together on this and on every fitting, opportunity,
To speak the truth was the most imperious of all du-
tiei which a public man, however confined in his
sphere, had to perform; and, in accordance with that
feeling, he did not think that the triumph of the Re-
formers Could be referred to any definite or certain
period. It was true they now saw in the ranks of the
Reformers men who were formerly inimical to them;
who tried, by every effort in 'their power, to extin-
guish every spark of the sacred flame of liberty...-
Even in his short career, he had seen changes of this
kind. ,It would, perhaps, be thought invidious to
mention names; but as the circumstance reflected
honour, not disgrace, he quoted Sir Thomas Leth-
bridge as an instance of this kind. He recollected
that Honourable Baronet Most strenuously opposing
Reform at one period ; but, to the great surprise of
those who did not know what effect empty pockets
could produce, he some time since found the Honour.
able Baronet sitting on the same bench' with him-
self (a very suspicious= pineal), .declaring- that he,
for one, had :become an advkiento for Reform,-
He, however, esplaieei hi. idea of Reform;. which
was, that the landed interest had net sufficient weight;
or, in other words, that Sir T. Lethbridge had not
sufficient weight. The lion. Gentlemen' sheo p
ceeded ter argue; that tittilleforateraenuid not reckons
mach on-thostipport.efinen atbelliked,merel* from
isagenct: 1447.tinf0t,!44.-:.%Vu.kk__,VPS4C. 'JR •C 74 v
'agent case..mitneltsithsit ilmit..lnis !TM illk triFt.'.l
that the cornineditior *Min fitentre oriaiiit -int%
and such' only. it -oral) fetched a prim in Ikiennertet
iliat-would Monmerate'the-strowertif thank they
Amid these new catrrertslfinn .10 their principles, he
seeoldgieb them credit: fox. the disinterestedness of
shmt motives, Wit not. till then. Bin It, dining-tilt
.ctiu:rse of along struggle, in whitli they atone Were
,lhe g aliiiii. they etmstantly -Oppbsb*-*Trehiciples.
40114dllidieyrobir advocated, Ashy .should;itr,bei. pup:
_ _
" - that' -:-I

-posed: that theitvittit4 Nil 40 inlic-kfMat4^ 4)44 Oar'
!ibpirest of their. species, ;Ist :they woof& liot,rif
the same . opponeeity ,occurred :Paane'rthe
same line a conduct? The eilieriente 4fWhirqtast
litoied that they %eked bdt to ttitatieLve4 sod there-
im, it Ism to. be aotakthaf.toAlka.ej44laT staG,
.its?k•to thaimagirs palyr viatakip olmsyk be so
tiojipt as.tA posittslwetin W2I 'e'
viTrei i; itioasto duct gelittit seat-
