GERMAN PAPERS.

EXTRACT or A LETTER IMOD PARIS, DATED JUIN 2.
66 Sir Sidney Smith prosecutes here his humanel
esertions for the abolition of the slavery of the Chris.'
tians in Africa. He ha% had another letter printed
from a correspondent atAlgiers, which, among other
particulars, states, that the first negotiations with the
Commander or the Dutch squadron had failed, be.
cause the Dey demanded all the arrears of tribute
for the time that Holland was incorporated with
France; that the Dey is preparing rich presents for
the Porte ; that the- whole military force of Algiers is
at most SOW men," &c.
NUREMBERG, JULY s.
The celebrated Sacro Casino, or the Holy Vessel
which CrtinsT is said to have used at the last Supper,
and which was brought to Genoa in 101, is come
back from France to Genoa, with other curiosities.
The King designed to give it back to the church of
Sr. Lorenzo, where it was always kept. On the 13th
of June, the case in which it was packed was opened
in the presence of the Magistrates and the Clergy ;
when, to the grief of all the persons present, the ves-
sel *as found to be broken. On this occasion Ge-
noa has recovered several valuable manuscripts, and
the celebrated painting by Julio Romauo, represent-
ing the martyrdom of St. Stephen.
BRUSSELS, JULY IS.
The French Government continues to Increase and
organise its army. On the Bth of this month it was
airaonneed to the troops assembled at Lille, that the
regiments of cuirassiers, dragoons, and gagers, in the
northern department, should be augmented With one
squadron, and the regiments of hussars and lancers
with two. Every departmental legion is to have
another battalion added to it. The corps which were
at Lille tr, ve returned to their respective garrisons.
The magazines for the Army of Occupation are con-
stantly filled, and the measures fur this purpose are
put in force with extraordinary punctuality.
A great entertainment was lately given at Mau-
beuge on account of the inauguration of the King's
bust, at which General Woronzow was present with
his whole staff.
• The affair between some young men at Cambray
and some English Officers is nut settled. It is
thought, however, that .in order to avoid giving
grounds for farther disputes, it will be arranged
amicahly. The commands of the Field-Marshal ate
expected.
Jute 17.—Letters from Lille say, that General
Jumilliac, Commandant of the 16th Military Divi.
won, has given orders to double the guards on that
fortress and citadel. Tee garrison of Lille is now as
large as the stipulations of the Treaty of Paris allow,
vi.:. three thousand troops of the line. The National
Guard, whose attachment to the existing Govern.
went is not douhtfol, is from 11 to BMX/ strung.
Many fine young men have formed a cusps of cavalry
of the National Guard, and many compan;es of ar•
ot. the same Guard rival old eannoniers. On
the other hand, the measures for the increase of the
army are cantintied in all that part of France. Many
Officers of the old army in these provinces have been
called into active service. The departmental kgioas,
as soon as these two battalions are. complete, have
three battalions added to them. Every department
has been called u?on to furnish, if possible, a detach..
ment for the Royal Guard, and the foreign legions
srM •teu 1-d. These preparations, under present
give rise to various conjectures. Many
the General St.i ff have arrived at Cambray
c.ogland, who say that the Field Marshal may
edily expected. Several Officers of high rank,
natrv,:s ot the Netherlands, who have served with
distinction in Austria, desire to be employed in our
national army.
JeLY 18.—Researches have been made in this city
by orders from superior authority, to discover and
arrest the two Generals Escelmans and Fressinet,
who, it was pretended, bad arrived here. All the-
researches have been hitherto ineffectual.
LAUSANNE, JULY t.
The Great Council of the Canton of Vaud, to ex-
press its gratitude to Colonel La Harpe, has just
presented to him a snuff-box, enriched with diamonds,
m which are the words 66 Liberty and Country"—
Likrti n Patric."
The accounts from Spain say, that Yandiola and
Odonojou, who are condemned to the most cruel
tortures, are still extremely ill. The horrors of the
torture has not been able to extort any confession
from the% Awns the Lileraks who Were arrested
at Paris, O'Connor has been rat at liberty. The roads
from Spain to Portugal are crowded with fugitives*
FRANKFORT, JULY 9.

They write from Carlsbad, that the Emperor of
Rosin will arrive there on the 16th of this month,
and that his Majesty the Emperor of Austria is also
upected there.
