with his fleet, and effected his junction with the Al ge.
rine squadron. He was cruising between Scio, My.
d n Penedos. The Greeks resolutely await
pe';,earance at Samos, Hydra, Spezzia, and
hteilse
Ip-
sara, and they are said to have made extraordinary
preparations Chasen It is affirmed here, that the
'captain Paella entered into negociations with the
surgents. through Mr. Hamilton, Captain of the
Cambrian frigate; but, considering the present temper'
cf the Greeks, it is not likely they will lead to a fa-
tourahle result.
The Ambassadors of Austria and England cond.
rue to exert themselves to get the sequestrated ves-
sels set at libel ty. We are very impatient to see the
erd of this important affair.
ODESSA, JUNE 13.
According to news from Constantinople of the 12th,
the Porte continues its violent proceedings against the
European trade. They stop all vessels, and search
them without further ceremony. The Reis Effendi
pays no regard to the protests of the Christian Mini-
sters. Thus the Turks continually add new causes
d differences to those that already existed. Fancying
that the European Powers are wholly engaged by
the affairs of Spain, they daily become mort•artogant.
TRIESTE, JUNE 27.
Another vessel has arrived in 19days from Smyrna,
which brings news that the Turkish fleet has been
seen near Cape d'Oro, and treats as an enemy every
ship that comes near it, out of fear of the Greek fire-
ihirs. In Samos and Hydra, it is said, the women
have taken arms, and sworn to prefer death to
slavery.—The Oriental Spectator of the 23d of May,
shich we have jur.t received, has an article from
Larissa of the id May, which gives the Greeks an
tory of forty thousand men.
SWITZERLAND, JULY 4.
A Cabinet Messenger, going from Madrid to
Vienna, and passing through Berne on the 15th June,
eelivered to the Federal Directory a dispatch from the
Regency of Spain.
This.dispatch contained two letters, dated Madrid,
Nay 31: one, addressed to the Minister of Foreign
Affairs in Switzerland, informed him of the installa-
tion of the Regency, which is already recognized by
his Royal Ilighne-s the Duke of Angouleme, and ex-
pressed a wish to cultivate the friendly relations which
subsht between the two countries ;.the other, to the
same effect, was addressed to the President of the
Diet of the Confederation. Annexed was a great
number of documents relative to the installation of
the Regency of Spain at Madrid. The Directory, in
conimunicating these dispatches to the Cantons, in-
vites them to give to their Deputies to the Diet suf-
ficient instructions to deliberate on the subject.

THE KIAG'S COURT.

Yesterday his MAJESTY held a Court at his Palace
in l'all-m dl. which was attended by— •
Their llopl l tighnesses the Dukes of York, Cumberland, and
Prim: 1,:opclil, the Lord Chancellor, the Lord President of the
th, Lord Privy Seal, the First Lord of the Treasury,
the Chancellor of the Excheqt,sr, the Secretaries of State for the
Foreign, and Colonial Dliartments, the First Lord of
the Admiralty, tile Master-CAncral of the Ordnance, the Master
of the Mint, the Chancellor of th- Duchy of Lancaster, the Pre-
sident of th,• 11:+ard of Controul,Vis•ount Sidmouth, the Minister
from the Witt:et-lands, the Persian and Danish Ministers, the
Narquis of Hastings, Fail of Veruhm, Marquis of Hertford,
Garter King at Arms, the Dean of Windsor, Usher of the Black
Rod, Fail of Ifardwicke, Duke of Rutland, Duke of Beaufort,
the Pri:lce Sulms, Earl of Winchelsea, the Recorder of Loudon.
Mt. Boutin-, Minister Plenipotentiary of the Ne-
therlands, was introduced to the KING by Mr. CAN-
NING, his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HENRY WILLoce, his Majesty's Charge d'Af-
f tires to the Court of Persia, was introduced to the
KIN;: by Mr. CANNING, to take leave on his return
to his post.
Count de MOLTKE, the Danish Minister, had an
audience of his NI aJesTY, and was also introduced
by Mr. Secretary CANNING. •
His MAJESTY held a Privy Council, at which Mr.
BULLER attended as Clerk, when his MAJESTY'S
Speech for closing the Session of Parliament was
agreed tii,on.
The La:, of VenuLAtu was introduced, and sworn
in Lord Ueirtettant of the County of Hertford, in the
room of the late Marquis of SALISBURY.
Three new official Seals for Scotland, Ireland, and
the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, were approved
of, and the three old ones destroyed in the presence
of the KING in Council. •
Arrangemervs were then made for his MAJESTY
to hold a Chapter of the Most Noble Order of the
Garter. Tie Knights of the Most Noble Order as-
sembled ,ccasion in the Robing Room, habited
in their mo,a s:lendid robes and collars cf the Order,
were—
His Royal the Duke of York, the Duke of Cum-
bsdand, and Prince Leopold, Earl of Westmoreland, the Duke
of Rutland, Earl of Hardwick, the Duke of Beaufort, Earl of
Winchelsea, the Marquis of Hastings, the Duke of Wellington,
Earl of Liverpool, Earl Bathurst, and the Mirquis of Hertford.
The officer, present were—
The Dean of Windso:, lt,:gister of the Order; Sir George
bailer, Garter Principal King at Arms; Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt,
Ustict of the Black Rod.
The Knights Companions and Officers of the Order
proceeded to the King's Closet, where his MAJESTY
was dressed in the robes of the Order. The Dean of
WINDSOR officiated for the Bishop of SALISBURY, the
Chancellor of the Order.
The KING having taken his seat at the bead of the
Chapter 1 able, the Knights took their seats at the
Chapter Table according to their seniority. The
Dean of WINDSOR then signified the KING'S com-
mand for filling the vacant Stall, occasioned by the
decease of the late Marquis of SALISBURY.
The Most Honourable THoMAS, the Marquis of
BATH, was then introduced to the Chapter by Garter
King at Arms and the Usher of the Black Rod;
when, after the usual ceremonies, his MAJESTY was
graciously pleased to confer the honour of Knight-
hood on the M:.rquis with the Sword of State. The
Marquis then left the Chapter Room, and retired to the
adjoining loom from whence he had been inn-educed.
The suffrages of the Knights wete then collected
by the Dean of WINDsOR, Who declared THOMAS
Marquis of BATH, duly elected a Member of the ()r-
-eef. The Marquis of HERTFORD and Earl BATHURST,
the two Junior Knights present, then left the Chap-
ter-room, attended by Garter and Black Rod, and re-
tired to the ndjoining room, from where they intro-
duced the Plarciais of BATH, Garter carrying the in-
signia of the Order on a crimson velvet cushion, and
alter the ti:ual obeisances in approaching the
when the Marquis kneeling before the Km:,
