NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Of Dover, the Eleanor, Svorr, from the Cape (Of Good Hope.
The Eliza, DAVIS, from Cork, was wrecked of Kinsale, on the
15th instant.
The brig Agnes, of Leith, was fallen in with, on the 14th inst.
in lat. 51. long. 15. abandoned and waterlogged.
Fm.mourn, JAN. in.—Wind &W.—Arrived the Prince Regent
packet, from Buenos Ayres—sailed the 7th November; and from
Monte Video, lgth ditto; and the Dove, QII/CIC, from 'London fur
Vera Cruz. Sailed the Heighington, WILSON; Ann, Br.ocewooo ;
Good Intent, CONNIILLY i and Pole tender, Lssooem for London.

noncom-to, JAN. 113 —Wind S. W.—Arrived the Duke of York,
,from St. Michael's. Sailed the Mary, RARRELL • Hop!,
RUSSELL ; Orb, POSTEASE ; Fanny, Al•noomts ; Emerald Isle,
West; Henrietta, Goons; Alonzo, PERKINS; Favourite, Posy;
and Commerce, ••••••••, or London; and Europe, Wit.t.ts, fur
Scarborough.
PORTSMOUTH, Jett. 19.—Wind N.N.W. to N. E.-..-Arrived the

Royal Oak, MANNING, from London; and the John and Sally,
Santa, from Weeford.

COMES, JAN. 19. —Arrived the Sir C. Scott (late Wisa), from
Batavia; Albion, Las. from Charleston; and the Thomas and
Mary, from St. Michael's.
DIAL, JAN. 19.—Wind N.W.—Arrived and remain, the
Hugh Crawford, LANGIDON, from Singapore ; and Brilliant, --..
from Bunke. Passed through from the River, the William
Bryant, Davis, for Jamaica; Times, C , for the Cape; Syna-
metry,Wolsow, flir Constantinople ; liagnet,iVaireros, furOporto •
Egeria, CLOA a, for St. Domingo; Lord Wellington, anj
Lloyd's, —, for Sierra Leone ; and Lima packet, for Gibraltar.
An American ship is coming in from the westward, with the letter
X on her fore-topsail. The Company's ships George the Fourth
and Berwickshire, for India, sailed this day, with this whole of the
outward bound.

Livsurnot,„ JAN. 18.—Wind S. W.—Arrived the Active,
JA AVIS, from St. Michael's; C.'bristoplier Columbus, Visaar, from
Sicily; Arabian, ATKINS, from Savannah; Trident, Corm, from
Charleston ; Algonquin, Dixav, from Philadelphia ; Mary Cube.
rine, PACE, from Charleston; Christiana, Wring, from St. ,sago
de Cuba ; and Telemaque, ---, from Havre.

Wednesday evening, Mr. Secretary Past left town,
on a vidt to the Earl of Vaaatr►st, at bis seat at Verulam, near
St. Alban's, to join a shooting party for a few days.
The East India Company's ship Royal George, sailtd
from Saugor on the 28th of August for Penang and China, and
w.ocolf the Sand Heads, all well, on the 31st of the same month.

- - --
The Company's ship Chafle. Grant,arrived at Bangor
on the Ed of August. • -
PORTUMNA CASTLE.—We regret to state, that ac-
counts have been received in town of the accidental destructiull
by fire, on Sunday night, of that magnificent ethic, rotund:a
Castle, in Ireland, the residence of the Marquis of CrAzemeatt:
A Committee of the Governors of the Bank of Eng-
land, sat last night on financial business.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.—Last night the incon-
stant was effectively performed at this Theatre. Mr.'C. Kautz
played the part of Young Mira& with great spirit; and Mt. W.
FAIIIIRN, as the father, looked and spoke ad vivant. . The other
characters were equally well done. Miss loses, in the feigned mad
scene, was very. happy--indeed we do not desire a 'better repre-
sentation of the piece. • What a pity, that With suck an effeviee
Ciwpi Dramatique, we cannot be indulged with 'something new i
Tne Tune, cf Mr. FULLAM, the Actor, took !Aire at
Dublin, on Monday afternoon, in St. Mark's Church-yard, attended
by a numerous concourse of hi. friends, among villein were the
whole of the corps dransatigue in Dublin, headed by Mr. Astior:,
Mr. Cateaare, and Mr. ymu.t.res ; Mr. Wittuars and Mr. TA._ •

soy as chief mourners. His Grace the Duke of Lumina' attended,
as Grand Master of Masons, the dignitaries of which institution,
though without the insignia Of the order, joined the procession.
A highly respectable County Meeting was held at
Derby, on the 12th instant, to take into consideration
the state of Colonial Slavery, when several resolutions
deprecating it were passed ; and a Petition to Parlia-
ment adopted, praying the two Houses i" To take the great work
of Colonial reform into their own bands, led, with a just regard
to the interests of all parties coneerned, to Miens their pledge
given 1423—t0 mitigate without delay, sad, to satinlnish slavery
gradually, but at the earliest period consistent with' the vselfam of
the slaves, the 'Safety of the colonists, and the interests of the nation.*
By a vessel which arrived at Liverpool on Wed-
nesday, from .kmerica, accounts fmm Philadelphia to
the 20th ult. have been received. They state that On
the 9th December, about nine, a. M. a most destructive
fire broke out at Brunswick, which destroyed two cotton
mills, a fulling mill, a double saw mill and another
factory, and sever.' house. The loss of property is
estimated at 100,000 dollars."

According to an accout.t rendered of the French
sinking fund up to the 31st ult. it had redeemed between
October 1, and December 31. inclusive, 843,9341. of
rentes at 3 per cent. which cost 18,970,570 f. 92 cen-
times, which makes the average price 67f. 44c. This
fund now possesses in 5 per cents. and 3 per cents. the
sum of 32,205,7291. in rextes, which have cost the sum
~f 645,816,7031. 28c.

The wretched woman Marg Caen. who suffered death
at Newgate on Monday last tor murder, is the first in-
stance of a female being executed in London dating the
reign of the present Kim.

SEA Gm.t.a.—Yesterday morning, an immense flig!it
of sea gulls were seen in the neighbourhood of Brent-
ford ; several of them were shot near Twickenham A yot,
by some bargemen. These birds are very rarely seen
so high up the River, and are said to be indicative of the
approach of severe weather.
DREADFUL FIRE AT BRUSSELIL...-Monday morning,
at three o'clock, a dreadful fire broke out in the house
of hem Hoomitwnx, in the fasburg de Namur Chaos-
see d'laelles. The maid-servant leaped out of the win-
dow into the street, and received injury. The mas-
ter and mistress, and two childran and a workman. also
escaped by the window and over the roofs. An Eng-
lish lady, 70 years of age, and her grand-daughter, .g.
eight years, who lodged in the house, perished in tl e
flames, as well as a child of the proprietor, a year old.
The bodies of the English lady and child were found.
At the Suffolk Sessions, John Gilby, aged 13, was in-
dicted for assaulting Mary, the wile of John Clarke, of
Lowestoft, by throwing snow-balls at her, which, ac-
cording to the evidence adduced before the Coroner,
was supposed to have accelerated. her death, and was
sentenced to three months' imprisonment.
Wednesday evening a fine boy unfortunately came in
contact with a cart passing near Drury-lane-couit, and
was so severely crushed, that it caused his death. When
taken up the poor fellow said, " Take me to my UMW'
and soon after expired.
