SECOND MEETING.

.After the business had been regularly opened,
Mr. MEREST came forward and informed the Meet-
ir g that they must begin anew, and go through all
the Resolutions once more before they gave their
sanction to the Resolution in behalf of Reform. lie
then read all the Resolutions, and moved that they be
a,!opted as those of the Meeting.
Sir ROBERT HARLAND seconded the motion. _

The Htctt SuEntry, before he put the question,
suggected to the Meeting the propriety of waiting for
the return of Mr. Gooch, and of several Gentlemen
had quitted the hustings. He was informed that
Mr. Gooch had been sent for, and in all probability
w mild return in a few minutes.
A pause of a few minutes occurred ; but, as Mr.
Gooch did not make his re-appearance, the thou
STICRIFF put the Resolutions to the Meeting: they
were carried unanimously, and amidst the loudest
cheerio"... On the Resolution in favour of Reform
being put, a Gentleman proposed that it should be
culled with three cheers. The proposition was im-
mediately acceded to.
The thanks of the Meeting were then voted to the
High Sheriff, when
Mr. MEREST proposed the 10th Resolution, which
is as follows

" W. That these Resolutionsbe enbodied in a Petition, which
shall be presented to the Commons House of Parliament, con-
veying our strong but respectful solicitations that its attention
way be given without delay to this most important subject, and
that effectual measures may be adopted for the relief and pro-
tectito of the owners, occupiers, and labourers of the land, as
wt-1I as of the other profitable classes of the Britiih people."
After being seconded, it was cart led unanimously.
Mr. MEREST then proposed that the Petition be
presented to Parliament by Sir W. Rowley and T.
S. Gooch, Esq. the Representatives of the County,
and that they be instructed to support the same.
This Resolution was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. A. BIDDLE proposed that the thanks of the
County be given to his Grace the Duke of Norfolk,
his Grace the Duke of Grafton, and the other No-
blemen and Gentlemen who had given up their talents,
time, and attention, to forward the objects of the pre-
sent Meeting.
The Resolution was agreed to amid loud cheering.
The HIGH &MITT declared the business of the
day concluded, and once move dissolved the Meeting.

TI I EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1622.
STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
Bk. St. 238% 259% 239-3 per Ct. Red. 76% %
3 per Cent. Cons. 761/s 76 75% 76
37.: per Cent. 87%--4. per Cent. 96% 1/s 24
5 per Cent. Navy Anns. 1073/s 107
Bank I.r,ng Annuities 19% 7-16
Imperial 3 per Cents. 753/4—lrish 5 per Cts. 109%
India Stock 239 238% 239—India Bonds 78s. 765. pr.
South Sea Stock 84%
Exchequer Bills of £l,OOO, 6s. ss. 6s. pr.
Ditto small ss. Ts. pr.—Cons. for Acct. 763/4 Va 'A •

A Dutch Mail, bringing Papers to the 27th instant,
:cached us this morning. An article from Frank-
ton, on the authority of intelligence from Trieste of
the sth instant, represents the Greeks as making little
progress in Livadia, Attica, Thes.saly, and Macedo-
nia. Ctiounsctim PActtA continues to besiege Joan-
nina, and leaves the insurgents at liberty to besiege
the fortresses on the sea side. On both sides 68 war
s carried on with great rancour. Commerce and
agri:uittne seem not to be thought of. Two de-

scendants of members of that formidable inttsei of
robbers which ten years ago committed such exteusive
depredations on the banks of the Rhine, in the Wet-
tenau, and the Vosges mountains; have been attempt-
ing to revive these bands, and had in fact collected
about thirty vagabonds for the purpose. By the vi-
gilance of the police they have been all secured, and
the two first-mentioned young men, who are accused
of numerous crimes, will be shortly executed at Grjssen-
An article from Vienna, dated the 13th January'
says.-4, An official account has been published at
Constantinople of the taking of Cassandra by Issons-
beg, Seraskier of the Turkish army, after he bad be-
sieged it four months, fired above 25,000 balls at the
works, and lost many of his bravest soldiers. The
Greeks were taken by surprise, made but a slight re-
sistance, and lost in t moment the fruits of long la-
hours. As soon as the town was taken, 3000 Greek
inhabitants were cruelly murdered by the Turks; all
the fugitives whom they could overtake, and all those
who had surrendered, were beheaded the next day,
and the women, with the children under 12 years of
age, carried off as slaves. The number of Greeks
killed or carried into slavery amounted to 10,000.
The Turks boasted of their heroism in having set
fire to all the neighbouring villages and even to
the trees."

The Len:berg Gazelle, of the 9th of January, states,
that the Ottoman troops in the two principali-
ties are daily receiving reinforcements. The bodies
of many of the unfortunate inhabitants, who have
been massacred by the Turks, are exposed on the
public road!. Nobody dare attempt to bury them,
and they are devoured by the birds of prey.

The Paris Papers of Monday last have been re-
ceived. The Supplement of the Moniteur contains the
annual Report of the Governor and Council of the
Bank of France, submitted to the holders of Bank
Stock. It is a clear and intelligible document, in
which every item of debt and credit, of profit and
loss, is brought forward with frankness and simpli-
,
city. It appear. that the Bank of France has a fixed
capital, amounting to 90,000,000 fr. or £3,750,000;
on which sum there has been distributed, within the
last year, a dividend of upwards of eight per cent.
being 84 francs for each share of 1000 francs, be-
sides a reserved profit of twelve per cent. more.
The general operations of the Bank have, within
the same period, acquired a greater magnitude than
ever. The bills discounted in 1820, amounted to
254,000,000—in 1821, they increased to 384,000,000.
The accounts current during the same period rose
from 544,000,000 to 605,000,000.

Again, the total amount of receipts and payments
during the last year was in specie 546,924,103 ; in
paper 7,049,708,000 ;—an enormous mass of pecu-
niary transactions, especially when it is cnnsideitd
that these were exclusive of services rendered to the
public Treasury by which some moderate addition
was made to the dividend on the shares. It may be
worth remarking, in conclusion, that the whole cur-
rent expenses of this great national establishment,
including salaries and all other outgoings, do not ex-
ceed the sunAf 461,000 francs, or about £19,000
per annum. _ _

These Papers contain the speech of Count DAIw,
in the Chamber of Peers, on the Petition of Mr.
DOUGLAS Loventa,which was one of the tw•o speeches
ordered to be printed. The Count set forth, with
great feeling and eloquence, the situation of a father
thus bereft of his child, and wished that a full in-
quiry should be made into all the circumstances of,
the case.

The Journal of Thoulouse contains a deposition
made by a man of the name of THERON, when dan-
gerously ill, declaring that the evidence which he
gave concerning the murder of FUALDES, at Rodea,
in which Madame MANSON made such a figure, was
false, and that he only did it in order to obtain the
pleasure of going into the country. The evidence he
gave was, that he saw Jausion, BASTION, COLARD,
BACH, and BANCAL, carrying the body of FUALDES
down to the River. The wretch now acknowledges
that he was not even present at the place mentioned.
There is a ridiculous article from Odessa, stating
that the Porte has declared a sort of acceptance of
the Ultimatum of Russia, by a Note dated the 21 of
Llecember, and delivered on the 4th to Count LUT-
zow by the Reis Effendi. It is said, however, that in
this Note the Porte insists on the punishment of the
chiefs of the insurrection who have escaped, and re-
fuses to evacuate the principalities, or to accede to
the nomination of new /lospodars, until tranquillity
he re-established :—That is to say, the Porte refuses
all the demands made by Russia, and yet it is called
an acceptance of the Ultimatum.
The accounts from Andalusia of the general sub-
mission of the discontented Authorities, state, that
the Freemasons' Lodges have co-operated with great
success in the reconciliation which has been-brought
about between that province and the capital. An
amnesty is talked of, by which the party of ToneNo,
QUIRNOO, MARTINEZ, &c. would seek to conciliate
beforehand the party of Ritmo, which it is antici-
pated will possess the preponderance in the new
Cortes, which meet on the Ist of March.
The news frdm Madrid in the French Papers comes
down to the 17th instant. Everything was tranquil
in the calital, and the obedience of the city of Cadiz
to the orders of Government was no longer doubted.
It is stared, on the authority or a private letter, that

'
• w+
•
several pen Ons bid been arrested Cadia on th'
sth instant: •

-

•
•
The account o the Agricultural Meeting at Suf-
folk, which we this skay present; will, we doubt not,
be read with great interest, not only on account of
the distinguished persons who attended it, but also
from the proceedings which toOk place. After a'
variety of expedients have been picipOsed and pallia-
tives attempted, the landed interest becomes at
length convinced, this; it is not by Corn Laws regn•
lating the imports ani exports, that the agricultural
distress can be alleviated; but that the only real and
efficient relief is in the most rigid economy in every
department of the State, and in a reduction of the
public expenditure.

Private lettersfreceived yesterday by express, state,
that a panic prevailed in the minds of the foreign
holders of British Stock in Paris, that a tax would
be imposed upon this desctiption of property, and a
number of Powers have been received to sell out on
their behalf. Similar orders have been received by
the Dutch Mail this morning.
