ANTI-REFORM WRITINGS.

The following is a specimen, selected from the last num
ber of the Bucks Gazette, of the manner in which anti-re-
form writings are honoured, and of the sort of gratitude
shown to those supposed to circulate them, even in parts
of the country where they are known to have much in-
fluence :

H/ag wyconaz.—On Saturday last 111 kW! number of pm.
phials, entitled " The real Character and Tendency of the proposed
Reform," published by Rothe and Varty, 31, Strand, were distributed
to several of our respectable inhabitants, by the town crier, who stated
be had received the same, and also a list of the names of the indi-
viduals to whom they were to be delivered, by coach. With re.
pad to the "character and tendency" of the pamphlet, the first
paragraph may be taken as a specimen :—" The moment has actually
arrived when we find the Government of the country leagued as it

were with bee bitterest enemies, in a wild project for the unquestionable
overthrow of the constitution." Efforts were immediately made to dis-
cover to whom Wycombe was indebted for the present, and at length
some suspicion attached itself (perhaps not warranted) to a noble indi-
vidual connected with the county, whose pertinacious opposition to
the measure has been remarkable; and on Monday afternoon, the
following notice was published by the crier : " This is to give :so-
da that, in consequence of a number of seditious pamphlets her-
ing been distributed to several respectable inhabitants of this town,
those inhabitants are requested to testify their loyalty to the King,
and their attachment to his Majesty's Ministers, by assembling in the
Rys this evening, at 8 o'clock, and publicly committing the same to
the fames.' Previous to which hour an effigy of the individual before
referred to-was carried tbtough the streets, followed by a waggon con-
taining a quantity of faggots. On the bat of the figure was a placard,

m which was inscribed 'The man wot emit the pamphlet:and on its back

was written' A friend to slavery and an enemy to reform.' At the time
appointed the Ire was lighted by Messrs. Hunt and Mo no, the over.
seers of the borough, and the effigy burnt in the presence of 1,600 per-
sons, among whom were many respectable inhabitants, who consigned
their pamphlets to the flames. Nine cheers were then given for the
King—three thews for the Queen—for Lord John Russell and Worm
—for Earl Grey sod Ministers—for the Hon. R. Smith, and for Lord
Nugent. Then followed three groans for the Marquis of Chandas—
three groans for Sir J. D. King—and three groans for the borough.
mongers ; after which the national anthem was most enthusiastically
sung by the assembly, and the whole passed off without the least dia.
turbance."
