MR. OWEN'S PLAN.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
49, Charlotte•strest, Portland• place, August 27.
9l2—The enclosed was given to me yesterday. It
ought not to br withheld from the Public. Your in-
ner' ion of it, therefore, will confer a favour on,
Your obliged, RODEUT OWEN.

Ste—The following sentiments were intended to
• be spoken at your last Meeting. The confusion that
took place prevented this design; but if they can be
still of any use I send them to you.
Since writing the enclosed 'I have pondered with
attention your last Addreist. I now distinctly per-
ceive the principle on which!your theory moves, and
'more and more admire :the majesty of your plans,
and the enlightened.benevolence of your motives.—
On the other hand, I more and more perceive the
gross ignorance of your opponents, and regret the
narrow prejudices which seem to have closed up their
begets against conviction.
• I distinctly percsive the' truth of what you told
them, that " the; d.• not yet understand the first
.elements of politital act.nomy." They do not even
comprehend the tent'ency.of their own principles ; it
they did, I am convinced they would be ashamed to
avow them ! My first object in putting these papers
into your possession is to give you the means of
ascertaining how Ear • ur senuments4ccord, and how
,far yon think I can tinder you service. • My second
is to offer you every w•sistance in. my power, which I
beg you will do me the justice freely to command.
Sir, your humble servant,
JOSEPII WESTON.
GINTLZIAIN—Perhaps it will save tro..ble and prevent inter-
ruption, if I begin by saying something of narked. I belong to
co party either in Church or State. I know neither Mr. Owen
nor Mr. Waitliman, nor any other
.° ntseinan whisbas spoken
on this question. I love my country, and hate tyranny of every
kind. Having said thus much of myself, my neat duty is to sey
something of Mr. Owen. Mr. Owen is All enthusiast ! good I--
He is a visionary ! true ! No one ca• benefit mankind unless
be is an enthusiast—and no one can be Impelled by the ardent
and benevolent feelings which actuate Mr. Owen without be-
lieving that mankind are like himself ! Ibis opinion may gene-
sate hater that are indeed visionary—perhaps It will be well for
.the world if it does nut generate in Mr. Owen's mitid—feerr that
are desponding. But what 11,1 of enthusiast is Mr. Owen
Gentlemen, I will first tell you what on of enthusiast be is nit
He is not a hair-brained enthusiast descended from the—Moon—
bearing a commission to teach mankind the secrets of another
world, the mysteries of a future existence, or the wild and
incomprebeitsible doctrines of spirits and demons. No, Geis-
tkmen bad such been tke peen osiona of Mr. Owen, with half
his seal, with half his industry, with one liundreikb part ut his
talents, and with not one grain of his honesty, he would have
had his thousands and ten thousands in our streets proclaiming
the glad tidings, shouting Hosannabs to his name, and hearing
him In triumph to the Temple of Honour. He is no such
pretender. He tells us he is a plain, plodding, natter-of-tau
nun, who, atter thiity-five years' experience, bas perfected a
plan which is calculated to put food into our stomachs, and sense
into our beads ; and that too with the least postale disturbance
to our existing ins:ltutions.
• l'lns plan he has not endeavoured to smuggle into die world in
a sly and suspicious maitner. He convenes a public meeting. He
imparts the great ou line of his scheme, for the purpose of rack-
log universal benevolence. lie demands a Committee of yuur
best and wisest members; to whose sober and discriminating
judgment he yropor.es to submit the &tab of Lilo plan ; winch
details he very properly tetra us are too abstruse and complicated
for our present comprehension—studded as our minds are by
:the chains of error, and the prejudices of education.
• Gentlemen, we are offended by this insinuation ? Bat why
Because we fancy we know every thing, who n, In fact. we
kaoer: nothing ! nor ever shall, If the voice of truth is enemies
to our ears. Suppose, Gentlemen, it were possible for Euclid,
or Kepler, or Newton, or Curler, to propose for the first time to
this assembly the stupendous truths with Which they have ago.
Disked the would! Is any one so arrogant as to believe be could
e tome. bend them, without attending, in the first place, to the
long chain of reasoning •on which they depend, and the tedious
history of facts by which they are-eupported? &lure this,
great lights appeared, there was tiothing but darkness and die-
e,ordance in day world, as to the several objects which they MSC.
Sesdvely illuminated. But Low, every peppling is acquainted
with their sublime discoveries, and pod, a willing assrut to the
doctrines which support them.
• Contrariety of opinion is the itsfaiik svwplea y Pier—because
truth of every kind is capable is, demonstration. 'the diversity
of opinion that prevails on the subjects of refigion—pulicy—
Searernment—political economy, Sec. is a proof that we do not
at present comprehend three matters, and that all visiting sys-
tems are founded on error—for it founded on truth, they would
be capable of demonstration, and uo discordance of opinion
mid exist un the subj et.
Why may not a Columbus—a Newton—or a Cuvier arise to
explore this unknown region, and make us acquiesced with the
things that most nearly concern us ?
But, Gentlemen, there never yet appeared a great benefactor
of the human rate, from Orpheus down to Doctor lobules'',
but be inetantly became the object of ridicule, suspicion, and
persecution, to all those who have a pleasure in being deceived,
or ate interest in deeeiving mankind.
This lamentable fact is again exemplified ! Why do we resist
the teen of this good man ? Can any ti ing be moor easy Can
any Mae be more reasonable than what be proposes ? Let us
Meet a sakient number of those in whom we place confidence.
Let his pleas be temperatey examined. Let them, if false, be
consigned to that contempt which impertinence drawees ; but if
true, let us not, 10 GOD'S Lame, and for pity's sake, reject a
scheme. the meet benevolent ! the most intercedes ! and the
most important, that has ever been proposed to mankind.
Gwen end beneficent ea tarot of the world ! Sheathe light of
moos mew dawn on benighted WA—with the capacity which
thou but given him co explore every region—to penetrate the
Merets of Nature—to subject all creatures, and even the very
dements, to his use. .1 o exceed his researches into ocher
worlde—to measure planets and circumscribe their course, shall
be never understand the science of his own happiness—never be
delivered from the labyrinth of error and the gulph of misery ?
Shall his only delight be to persecute his fellows, and torment
his nee 1h powers to control nature, and Create thee.
dance, shall be want daily bread ? It &swat kik/ will ,
it ought not to beaus.
Gentlemen—l proceed next so give you my opinion as to the
dose of our present sufferings. I agree with Mr. Owen in
oseribiNg k in part to the extensive use of maeleisery. I agree
with hie opponents in ascribing it In part, to mismanagement in
the Government. I agree with the Government, in ascribing
it its part, to the inevitable calamities of the late war. But the
true end efficient cause will be found in a quarter to which no
one has adverted—a •eaUSe which has always operated troth the
beginning of time, which can never cease to operate while the
present system exists. It will be found, Gentlemen, In Me
eelfuhiess of mankind. I will mention unly one instanee. The
burden of the late war was progressively shifted linen one class
to another, till at length it fell (as It always ui!!) upon the poor.
Peace returned with her flattering smiles; and if every thing
had been left to its natural course, the burden, (as it always
ountti) would have fallen on the rich. Them came the Corn
Bill, that pernicious measure which acted like a barrier to the
course of events It prevented the return of the great wave
whose powerful ebb alight have entombed the ' created
by the storms Our countrymen wanted food. ' continental
rations waited clothes, sod had nothing but food to give in ex-
change. phis natural commerce was forbid !• The nations grew
angry, proWribed our manufactures, and we ourselves became
sailed and starved by their useless accumulaaion. Thus did this
imprudent regulation prevent the flow of plenty into oar fa-
mished laud; but it could not prevent those who had mese, the
evil Irons towing
," with a full-moon tide" where plenty might
be found. Thousands of our gentry have dissipated in foreign
hulas the lot likening. of our poverty; and when they, return,
they return Aden with the pyoduce of other realms ; thus wig& '
=tit &scour, and destroying the very germ of hope to our
lation.
blow, Uttar:men, what is the source of tids and sinatiar 1.1„,

eta t Igkolanee, arbing.frona bad edscaelen. ft Ise mistake
to ogisese Set man Is been with a perversity of deposition. It
le as WO Os bb Maker to suppose it. It le edify the fruit of
ate NI My. We cultivate only the bad peasloos of our na-
l:Mt Mims wisely implanted Itor our reeftwatien, bet by no
imams Winded to fern are cAarertee. Noddy, swim, =bitten.
fear, hypeurby, deceit, vanity, sferation, and insoleace: these
are thiderfings we foster and encourage, while justice, honour,
temperance, lose, and charity. are regarded as mere empty
names, flt only "to point a mural or adorn 11111311." Hence the
insupportable insolence of the great, the slavish dependence of,
the hale, the fierce and cruel strife of cone aim imerests which'
'separates man from man, opposes naticlarigaiest nation, ;nd fills'
the world with discord and misery.
Gendemen, I shall say one word only in reply to en (*Rabin
started against the plan of Mr. Owen. It is that founded on the
incrtsgrpaelien. I agree with Maier Tomos la the belief
that ton would rapidly increase under a better order of
things; but Is there no mut for such Increase? But suppose
the period arrived when the whole earth can no longer allow an
increase. is it not possible to restrain it. by resources less cruel
and oppressive than those *Ma pervade our present systems.—
it would be better even to separate the two sexes (I mean jr •
swan). than to live thus in perpetual misery. Besides, You do
not prevent this increase by keeping people poor. It is the only
comfort you cannot rob them of—the only appetite you cannot
restrain ; and it is a notorious lict, that the families of the poor
are always more numerous than those of the tick It Is not h.
Teri!, but harry that destroys the powers of procreation. Bet
If yea will neither believe me nor your own experience, turn to
your great apostle Mr. Adam Smith, and be will teach you pre-
dsely the same doctrine.
But why not leave the matter to the wisdom of posterity, and
provide for the wants of the present generation ? Why not leave
it to the care of Paovtoe Net, who has provided a remedy in
the immutable laws of Nature, which we can neither akar nor
contrast _ _ .

As to the danger apprehended to our feeds's, every thinking
man web knows that our boasted freedom has dwindled Into a
mere name; that it consists merely in the liberty of censuring
others, and tormenting ourselves. But If there be truth in Mr.
Owen 's assertions, the liberty which be pretylises is desirable in-
deed. It promises a deliverance from the fear of want—from
the slavery of ignorance —the dominion of bad passions- the dls
grace of poverty—the shame of dependence. A freedom Lite this
would be true enjoyment. It might not satisfy those enraptured
souls who pant for an eternity or unbounded bliss; but tt would
dispose every good man to be content with his condition here—
to be grateful to his Mazza for present happiness, and to resign
his Isle to the best of hiateas with pious composure, satisfied
with the reflection. that barren what may, be bas not been
created in vas. Whether or not Mr. Owens plan wiU realise
these expectations I know nor, but I almost believe it will accom-
plish mach good, and that alone is a sufficient reason tor giving
it my decided support.

AMERWAN PAPER&

CFROU THE NORFORE HERALD OF THE 21ST OF JULY.]

CAPITVLATION o 1 Titi ISLAND OF AMELIA.
Brigadier-General *Gregor, Commander in Chief
of all the Forces, both Naval and Military, destined
to effect the independence of the Floridas, duly au-
thorised by the Constituted Authorities of the Repub-
lics of Mexico, Buenos Ayres, New Grenada and
Venezuela, offers to Dou Francisco Morales, Cap-
tain del Regim:nts de Cuba, and Commandant, Civil
and Military, of the Island of Amelia, the follow-
ing terms:
i. The Commandant, Civil and Military, Don Francisco de
Murales, shall lorthwitk surrender the garrison of the Island,
with all the urns sad munitions of war belonging to the King of
Spain.
& All the Officers and troops of the garrison shall intender
as prisoners of war, to be sent to Augustine cc to the Haminnab,
with their private baggage, which shall be respected.
a The lives and property of all private persons, whether
friends or foes to the system of independence, shall be sacred and
inviolate; sad to these who do not dame to join the standard of
Independence, six months shall be allowed to sell or otherwise
4iispuse of ibex property.
4. The Glean al also am to tbeinhabliants of Amelia, whe-
ther friends or foes, who have absented themselves on acco.at of
the present circumstances. the privilege of returning to their
homes, and enjoying the benefit 9f the third Article of Capitula-
tion, and passports will be Ireely granted to all who wish to
depart.
the preceabig were agreed to between the Commandant Don
Morale, and the Secretary of General M•Oreem.
Fernaudlua, June tt9, Ibl7.

fRAIICISCO MORALE/.
JUMPY DI 111 .

Attested, BIRNAIDO Seam
Approved, orteoon Walser, R.
(YAM THE SAME PAPER up JULY 254 •
CHARLES EON, JULY 16.
Extract of Artier from an Officer in the Patriotic
Ar my to his friend in this place, deted Amelia Island,
July 9:—" We arrived here on the memorable 29th
of June, and after a march of ten miles through the
swamps, breast deep, we stormed the garrison with
70 prisoners. We are now in peaceable possession,
and the inhabitants are well pleased. In a few days
we move forward to storm St. Augustine, where there
are 50t) men in a strong garrison, and are determined
to drive them out of it. Our 22 gun frigate, with
250 men, from New York, is off the Bar. We have
taken two valuable tehooners at Fernandina."

By the passengers in the sloop Hermit, arrived
yesterday front St. Joha's and St. Mary's, we gain
intelligence that a small military port on the St.
John's River, called Fort Nieholai, was evacuated
on the 4th instant by the Spaniards, who made their
escape in two gon-boats, after having burnt the
houses, spiked the guns, and destroyed a tlw small
arms and military stores, which they could not eon-
veniently carry with them.
The measure was adopted through absolute dread
of (;corral M'Gregur's forces, whose name spreads
terror through the country. An advance party had
been stationed at a posit on about eight or ten miles
from Amelia, called the Neurowo, to countermand
its entrance. St. Augustine will next command the
attention of General Id,Gregor t it will be attacked
as soon as teinforcemetits arrive from the North,
which are hourly expected. The Governor, Mr. Cop-
pioger, is represented to be a spirited officer, and will
nuke a stout resistance, if his troops can be Induced
to it. A frigate of guns, and upwards of 300
men, was hourly expected at Amelia from New York,
when our informant sailed. A Portuguese schooner
(formerly the Roger privateer, of Norfolk). and a
large schooner, were at Amelia at the time of its cap.
tore ; the former was condemned, and the latter,
having but a few packages of goods, and a number
of passeugers, released. A pilot boat schooner (for.
merly the Rebecca, of this port) had received a com-
mission, and sailed on her first cruize, being the only
vessel of war fitted out since the establishment of the
new Government. M'Gregor has established a Post-
Office Department and a Court of Admiralty, of
which John D. Heath, Esq. formerly 'an eminent
lawyer of this city, has been appointed Judge. We
also learn, that a Newspaper, printed in English, is
shortly to appear.
( PROM Til3ll2W YORK MINING POST Or JULY 24.)
Some of the Buenos Avesta privateers ate hover-
ing along our South Sea bound, and are paying
handsome prices for supplies.
Captain Schuyler, of the schooner Governor Shelly,
arrived yesterday from Port-aulPrince, informed us
that, in lat. 2.5. SO. long. 72. 90. he was boarded by

the United States' frigate Congress, Captain Morris,
24 stays from the Belize. The baring Officer in-
formed the Congress was bound to Port.aurPrince,
to demand satisfaction of the President Petion for
having ordered the execution of an American seaman,
as detailed in the Papers some time ago.
(110,1 TUX 1111111 YORK ADVIIIITISIR, Or JOLT 26.)
New YORK, JULY 24.—The Spanish Corona hefeby'
gives public notice, that pursuant to the directicns of
the Aynotaineuto of Vera Cruz, communicated by
the Governor, under date of the Ist of April last,
the temporary permission which was lately granted
for the admission of for.kign vesiels, with provisions,
into the Port of Vera Cruz, will cease from and after
the first day of October:.lBl7 and. that no foreign'
vessel arriving at the said port, after the said Ist of
October, will be permitted to enter the same.
