IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE a 1-7511---tus, FEB. 18.
The Postmaster's General Bill was read a third time and passed.
The Duke of RICHMOND moved for a copy of the Report of the
Select Committee in the House of Commons on the subject of the Pour
Lawa.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY presented a petition from Falkirk in
favour of Reform.
Lord KING presented a petition from Chichester, in favour of re-
duction in taxes ; also several petitions from different parts of Ireland
for the repealed the Union.
Lard KENYON presented a petition from Monmouthshire against
slavery.
On the motion of the Marquis of SALISBURY, the Poor Laws
Amendment Bill was read a first time.
The Earl of WINCHILSEA presented a petition from Sitting-
bourne for the employment of labourers ; also petitions from Lenbain
and several other places, praying for the repeal of the malt duties.—
The noble earl concurred with the prayer of the petitioners, and ob-
served, that it was his firm belief that the measure of last year, with re-
ference to the beer duties, which was carried into effect by his Ma-
jesty's late ministers, had been the means in a great degree of causing
those disturbances which had taken place. He strongly recommended
the present ministers to do away with the malt tax altogether, and to
revise the land tax.
The Duke of WELLINGTON denied that the course pursued by
his Majesty's late Ministers had produced the effects attributed to them
by the noble earl, observing, that it must be remembered that measure
did not take effect till October last, whereas the consequences attributed
to it were in full force long prior to that period.
COAL TRADE.
The Duke of WELLINGTON, seeing the noble earl at the head of
his Majesty's Government in his place, wished to know whether minis-
ters, in the measure they intended to bring forward for the reduction of
duty on seaborne coal, bad adopted any plan by which it would be re.
lieved from several of the local t:uties attaching upon it, particularly
ad and 101 duties for the purpose of the building London-bridge :.—he,
the Duke of Wellington, having no doubt, if those duties were not
taken off, thermessure prop by Ministers would not have that
beneficial of which it was generally considered it would have.—
(Hear, hear.)
Earl GREY had no doubt that great evils arose from the manner
lin which the coal trade was conducted in the City of London. With
respect to the first object of the noble duke, he (Earl Grey) under-
stood there was a bill about to be introduced into the other house.—
With respect to the ad and 10d duties fir ;the purpose of building
London-bridge, that was a subject that would have to be further con-
sidered, because ft was desirable, if possible, to relieve the coal untie
from the pressure of that exitorbitant duty, but at the same time he
' could not but observe to the noble duke that It was only a temporary
' measure which would soon be removed in consequence of the comple-
-1 Ron of the object for which it was imposed.
The Marquis of BUTR thought it but justice to his Majesty's late
Ministers to say that they were the first who instituted any inquiry
' into the state of the coal trade.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY could not give the late Go-
vernment the credit which the noble marquis seemed anxious to as.
critic to them, firmly believing that had they been in power at the pre.
sent moment, his Majesty's subjects would have never been relieved
from the coasting duty on coal.

ORRICE
The Earl of ABERDEEN said, it would be recollected that last
year he laid on the table of the House certain papers relative to the
affairs of Greece; with reference to these papers, he wished to know
from the Noble Earl at the head of his klajesty'eGovernment, whether
any, and what negodation was now pending, having for its object the
extension of the Greek territories; he was led in the present Instance to
put that question to the Noble Earl (Grey,) in consequence of having
recently read a report of a speech made by a Member of the French
Cabinet In the Chamber of Deputies, in which he stated that the pre.
sent settled state of Greece was entirely owing to the intervention of
the arms of France, and that for her own honour France was bound
to an extension of the Greek bonndaries.
Earl GR KY observed that he did nut at present know that there
was any thing in the way of negotiation going forward upon the sub-
ject, nevertheless, there might be. If, however, the Noble Earl had
given any notice of his intention to put a question on such a subject,
he (Lord Grey) would have been better prepared to have given an
answer to it. This, however, he would say, that if an alteration could
be made with good faith, which would assign certain limits to the
Greek States, such a result would be most desirable for the future
safety of the country.
REFORM.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a petition from 21,700
inhabitants, merchants, &c. of Edinburgh, complaining of the present
state of the Representation in that city. His Lordship observed that
he most fully concurred in the prayer of the petition. He believed it
must be known to most of their Lordships that, independent of this
connection with Misters he always had been a warm friend of a safe,
temperate and constitutional Reform of the Representation of the
' people and that he was as far as any of those conscientious individuals
whom he must designate as opponents to this measure, from adv
any rash, vain, or unsubstantial speculations on a subject of so mu
importance. The plan to be brought forward had, after the most ma.,
Lute deliberation and most anxious scrutinizi received the most una-
nimous approbation of his Majesty's confidential servants and advisees.'
But as to the nature of that plan in should not say one word more,
either of its details or its general tendency, for the resolution to submit
it to the consideration of Parliament was not more unanimous than the
resolution not to disclose any portion of that plan until it should be re.
gularly submitted to the House. That course of conduct was necessary
to do common justice to the measure Itself, and was dictated by a most
profound respect for both Houses of Parliament, as well as the highest
branch of the Legislature—he meant that most gracious Prince whom
he had the honour to serve, and who, with the full knowledge of all
the details, had given the measure his warmest noncurrent* and appro.
bation.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then presented a number of peti-
tions, signed by 22,000 inhabitants, merchants, ate. of Glasgow. The
noble lord presented also a similar petition from Cornwall. He took
the opportunity of correctieg an error which had gone abroad respect.
ing the nature of the Reform proposed by his Majesty's Government.
He had been asked whether the plan was the plan of the Government,
or the plan of the Paymaster of the Forces supported by the Govern-
ment, and that he would answer what was the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, that it was, to ail intents and purposes, the
plan of the Government, brought forward by the Paymaster of the
Forces, and not the plan of the Paymaster of the Forces, supported by
the Government.
Earl GREY then presented a great variety of petitions to the same
effect front various places in England and Scotland, which were laid
on the table of the House.
Lord DURHAM presented a petition from Durham for commu-
tation of tithes ;
After which their lordships adjourned till Monday.
L'( ?USE IIF COM H)NS, FEB. 18.
?IRMO AND mINCHZIAIA ILICTION...-11ZPOCTS ?MIRROR.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented the Report of the Truro Elec-
tion Committee; and Sir G. HURRAY that of Wineltelsea Eke-
lien Committee ; both Reports confirming the return of the sitting
blembers.—Reports ordered to lie on the table.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL obtained leave to bring in the Herne Bay
(Kent) Bill
Sir R. WILSON presented, a petition from the South London
Water-works Company for a new MlL—Referred to a Committee.
INDOMMIK? or Raw CRUICRIS.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition for the alteration
of the New Churches' Building Acts, so that the building of Churches
might be encouraged.
Mr. Mal E concurred in the prayer of the petition.
Mr. WI LKS also approved of the prayer of the petition.
Petition ordered to be printed.
A new writ was ordered for the borough of Wbitchurch, In the
room of the Hon. R. Townsend, now Lord Sidney.
ROSOUGH OF EVESHAM DISFRANCHISEMENT.
The Marquis of CHANDOS moved for leave to bring in a bill to
exclude Betaken' from the representation, and to transfer the franchise
to Binningham.—Leave given.
REFORM PETITIONS.
The Lord ADVOCATE presented petitions for parliamentary rs.
form from Perth. Ross (this was for the ballot also) Canongate, Edits.
burgh, &c. one front Scotehmea residing in Dublin.
Mr. O CONNELL said he was extremely glut that these pedaloes
had not hat their Scotch nationality. (Mr. O'C. took his meal place
in the House, and appeared there soon after the Speaker,took the
Chair.)
The Lord ADVOCATE then presented a petition from incorpo-
rated merchants of Edinburgh, for the repeal of the assessed taxes.
DISFRANCHISRMINT OF EVESHAM.
The Marquis of CHANDOS brought in the Bill to disfranchise
Evesham, and transfer the franchise to Birmingham..—Read a first time.
and ordered to be read a second time on Monday se'nnight. His Lord-
ship moved foe various Returns respecting the persons laving the right
to vote, &c.
Mr. HUME trusted that some care would be taken to prevent ano.
ther expense of 10,0001. on account at election witnesses. Why not
name a day after the Reform question previously fixed ?
The Marquis of CHANDOS said he was sincere, and should press
the motion on the 28th.

Mr. O'CONNELL considered the proceeding most extraordinary
it appeared like desiring to throw obstacles in the way'of the great and
general motion for Reform on the following day.
Mr. KENNEDY spoke to the like effect.
Mr. LITTLETON was ready to admit the Noble Maquies sin-
cerity in desiring the Reform of corrupt boroughs; but be thought the
motion ought to he fixed for a day after the Reform motion, the dis-
cussion on which no doubt would last a week or ten days. (Hear.)
Sir GEORGE CLERK considered that the noble marquis was per.
fecdy correct, the business ought not to be delayed : was it a matter of

ro consequence to continue the suspension of a writ ? and he warned only means calculated to relieve Ireland appeared to the honourable
the noble lord to bring it on before. The day for the second reading member to be that a large sum shou'd be advanced to this district. He
might be changed; but it ()ugh. not to be delayed, for the general tad not mean to ask it as a gift, but to lay it out as a lost, to the ti.
question was fixed for March. I bents, giving government a print claim to landlords or tithe-codecuwe
Mr. J. WOOD mid that the course of proceeding was most extra- for repayment. The sum required would be at lease eOO.OOOl. which
ordinary. and the effect of fixing the second reading for the 23th was ! was estimated at the moderate calculation of 21d. per day for each per-
quite obvious. 11. was to he hoped that the bill would be a work of taupe- son. The Marquis had remained at home instead of comb gto fill his
rerogation. if the reform motion does any thing. lie did not question the place in the House of Peers, and he bad beets liberal, and shown a
Noble Marquis's sincerity, with his view of !reform. only he objected to good example ; hut all his efforts, unsuppottcd, could not preserve all
the time fixed for the second reading. He should move hereafter, that the people in Ireland from starvation. The honourable member ain
the speaker's warrant. for winsome should not require their attendance proved of the determination which had been expressed by the bottom.
1 till March 18. (Hear.) able secretary for Ireland, not to submit t"e subject to a committee ; fttr
Mr. G. BANKS approved of the course adopted by the Noble he (the hon. member) was of opinion that, whatever was to be dune ter
Marquis. Ireland, must be done at once. He had reties kept within than exag-
Lord MORPETH did not wish to damp the ardour for Reform gusted the statements. The loan might be disposed as to be Profitable,
which now distinauished some gentlemen opposite. and he hoped the Government would adopt such measures as would
Mr. S. BOURNE thought the time for the second reading ought to prevent a cause of appeal occurring again, by affording the means of
be extemled.—( Hear.) employeent to the labourers; and next year the Government could
11r. HUNT said the bill was most unjust, because that of which come in with their claim before the landlord and tithe collectot. (Meer.)
Evesham was charged three-fourths of the boroughs werekuilty of, as was Mr. O'GORM AN l'il AHON said be was sorry to say that the 2.131e-
we1l known to nine-tenths of the bleutbers.—(Hear.) There was a law ntents e :licit had been given by the hon, member who spoke last were
against :Acting any thin; tending to bring the House into contempt, and not exaggerated, and the county of Clare, which he (Mr. O'Gorman
yet the East &tend affair, which occupied the House four years, he Mahon) bed the honour to represent, was in an equally read state. The
never heard mentioned out of the House without seeing people burst iron, member paid a high compliment to the Marquis of Sligo and It.
into loud Laughter. The bill now proposed was partial and unjust, and O'Donnell, for their benevolent conduct towards eviatininthedistrese,
he should oppose it. If the Noble Marquis would press his bill they and regretted that the same philanthropic disposition was not generally
must oppose it as well as they could, for it could only card to bring that prevalent among the landlords. The hon. member proceeded to say,
Ilnuse into increased disrepute. that there was one means for the relief of the country, which was within
iehlr. S. RICE said the expense or twinging witnesses was enormous ; tire immediate reach of the Government, and could be easily appro-
he did not oppose the motion, but he wished to speak of the expenses. priated, namely, the church property, which had been set aside with the
Gen. GASCOIGNE raid if Birmingham was to he franchised, were provision of supporting the poor; and be hoped that the Government
boroughs to be disfianchitteel. would immediately appropriate it to its proper purpose. He was sorry
Mr. STANLEY said, why not wait for the reform motion, that to throw out any reflections against the measures of the Noble Chancel-
might render this bill unnecessary. and save vast expense ? Isar ef the Exchequer, but he regretted tbat any taxes should have
Sir C. WEI'IIERELL observed, that the Lord of the Admiralty bete projected on passengers by steam-vessels, as it would be a barrier
had said if the Reform motion wax not carried Parliament would he di.. to labourers coning from Ireland to this country, where they could
solved. (Cheers.) flow could the bill, then, are introdeced ? Ile earn a little, lie hoped is was not done fbe that purpose, bat he rather
could not rely on the Secretary for Ireland, as he was not in the Cahi. feared that the tax had had that object in view. If the Noble Chan-
net, though hem what be bad done elsewhere, he was w ropy to be of I tailor would consent to take the funds of the Church and appropriate
the Cabinet. (Cheers.) The ilefonn question would riot embrace them to their proper use, and not put the tax on the passenger. in
Evesham from the fact that it was to be disfrenchised on the ground of , steam-boats, he (the Hon. Member) would never again obtrude himself
its delineuency. There might have been large sums expended for lon the House.
Penryn ant', East tietford, tut did it follow that so large a sum was to; Mr. J. SMITII said that the distress in Ireland was very great, and
he expended for Evesham ? Ile hoped the noble marquis would pease. Ihe specified several cases, particularly in the vicinity of Tipperary. lie
vere, and nor be taunted out of his motion. said that there was but one remedy for the evils, and for which he was
Mr. R. RICE explained. Ile only wished expense to he spared till prepared to vote, which was a system of poor laws in Ireland.
there was a chance of pmsecuting the inquiry; and that was his opinion 1 Mr. STANLEY said that he was bound to rise to notice the many
now. (Hear.) catements that had been made. lie would have been happy to say
Sir J. GRA lIAIII had not said that Parliament would be dissolved, that the statenumu had been exaggerated; but he was sorry to say that
he had glanced at the probability of such result ; and he now repeated, from communications he had received, such was not the case except in
if the Reform question were lost, it was probable the Parliament would two places, which had beat enumerated. The hon. Secretary read a
be dissolved. (Cheers.) The Ministers were pledged to the country to petition from the inhabitants, praying for relief in the most moderate
propose Refrem r it would be full, real, effectual, and substantial It terms, and expressing their willingness to be industrious if they had the
would net be illusory it would not be of the Evesham character—it means. The iron. Secretary called the attention of the house, that the
woull he such—ee he should be no party to it—it must be that reform o cation breathed no vein of insubordination. He would ask the meat.
that he could vindicate T•ciure his constituents. r for Clare how Ministers were to prevent ditties.. That hon. mem-
Lend MORPETII had considered that any ministers in their senses 1 bin had proposed to remedy the distress by an act of spoliation. The
hon. Secretary said that he had occasion to blame the landlords in one
(and he considered the present to be so), would not propose what they
termed teal and effectual reform that did not include Birmingham. aespeet ; fur in the district of the half Barony of I eris, the rental of
which was 10,0001. when a subscription was sent about the landlords
Cal. DAVIS said, he undoubtedly considered the great question of
had only subscribed 1001. Ile sa. sorry to speak in harsh terms.—
early as possible. If a dissolution of Parliament, however, took place,
or no reform, of very essential importance to be discussed as
The Marquis of Sneer had imported 8,0001. worth of flax to give em-
ce,
playpen' in his district ;and he (the hon. Secretary) was sure that if
undoubtedly it would take place before the noble marquis (Chemins)
could bring in his bill. Ile knew Evcaham to be one of the most cot- the landlords would follow that example, Ireland would not have oces-
rupt boroughs ; and if his Majesty's ministers did not mean to diefran. don in appeal to Great Britain in this manner. In answer to the quo-
chile that borough, and give the franchise to some other place, he hoped lion, be would say that he agreed to the proposition of granting a sum
the noble marquis would persevere in his bill, and in doing so he should for relief, taking care that it was applied to the proper purposes. To the
have his support. Barony of Erris and some others he thought that money might be laid
good Mr. CA SIPBELL regarded the present discussion as a skirmish, out to. account.
taking place before the general battle of the Ist of March commenced ; Sir R. PEEL disapproved of Government interfering in these ex-
and he thought the even, of that hattle would very much depend on the traordiesey cases, as it would only tend to make those who ought to
fate of the present rkirmish. He had the hieheet opinion of the noble interest themselves more careless, of which there was as instance in
the landlords who had only subsaibed 1001. And he also disapproved
marquis, but he could not divest himself a the persuasion that this
of the means that bed been proposed to remedy an evil by an act of
was nothing but a mere mancenvre on the pat of the noble marquis—(Cries of No, no.) It appeared like it to the hon. member, and if the spoliation—to rob the landlord : rather than such a measure should be
motion were to he carried for thc summonses to be issued for the 28th adopted, be, as an English gentleman, would come forward to contribute
of February, nis firm opinion was, that the measureof reform would his Blaney. The hon. baronet cautioned the Government against adopt.
be lost to all intents and purposes, If the second reading of the bill was fag any false proccedingte lest the precedent might be baneful.
to take place then. An explanation ensued between Mr. Baowx, Mr. Weston, and
The SPEAKER observed, that the house had previously decided Mr. STAXLIT.
the Evesham Disfranchising Bill should be read a second time can the Sir J. BURKE said a few words, chiefly in eulogy of the conduct of
28th of February, and the simple question now was, whether the wit. the Marquis of Sligo.
AMOS should be ordered to attend on that day six weeks. Sir J. NEWPORT spoke at some length, bat he was sot heard in
Col. TRENCH thought nothing could excuse the hon. and learned the galle
Mr. WrSE said he approved of the sentiments of the Hon. Seere-
gentleman opposite in attributing . mancenvre' to the noble marquis. a wrong principle iu all good governments, to
except his being absent when the present discussion began. He was eery, that it would beadvance large sums In such cases. He would be more anxious to Ix
desirous of asking the hon. member for Preston a question. The hon.
the minds of the House to devise some means more substantial, than
member for Preston had said that Evesham would not be afraid of in. that year after year Ireland should come asking relief in this way. It
auiry, because there were many other places as bad as It. How &mid
this be consistent with: any thing like sound sense? Was the hon. was little credit to Britain, that, after a ant" of e° many years, ire.
be in land should this state—it was a broad indication of bad Govern-
member prepared to went that one Ime when detected was nest to be
prosecuted because It odor not be in his power to hip bold of the eee, ment. With regard to what bad been said of the apathy of the land-
'"'
of the gang. lords, be would in estenuadoo state, that many of the landlords were
worse off than their tenants. The proprietors of lands In the country
Lml A LTHORP could nor but express his surprise at the length
should be taxed to support the poor, and those who were non-resident
of this discussion, and that the wish should be so perseveringly per-
sisted in to have the witnesses summoned for the 28th. It appeared to "gilt to be taxed the beanie°. He was a great advocate that England
good
him to be unnecessary to call up witnesses for the day before the dia. and Ireland should long remain united and in companionship.
mission of a measure which. whatevermi.ht be Its result, would Mr. M. FITZGERALD (the Knight of Kerry) said that the only
be sure to be e one day useless. (Hear, arm) It appeared to remedy for the distress of Ireland was to Introduce a system of pixie
laws. The Hon. Member advised Government, if it interfered by a
him to be altogether unnecessary, and evidently treeless to enter Into an
loan, to institute a strict investigation into the use made of the money.
examination which must last several days, on the day previous to en.
tering upon the discussion of a measure of the utmost importance to Mr. SADLER said, that no partial or accidental remedies could
apply to an evil of constant occurrence. He recommended the intro.
the whole of the country from one end of it to the other. The noble
duction of poor laws.—(Hear.) lie had again heard speak of super.
lord opposite would badly wish foe the cm:oda% of Reform to be put
abundance of population. But the two counties which were the mat
off. The house had decided that the Bill should he read a second time
on the 28th of February. it was now moved, that the witnesses should distressed were precisely the least dense in populaticm.—(Hear.)
be summoned for that day ; but he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) Mr. SLANEY observed, that the population of a country was not
to be measured by the square mile, but by the proportiou which it
was decidedly a opinion that the examination ought not to be begun
till the Rth of March, and then ample time would be given for the bore to its capital—(Hest.)
discussion of the reform measure, without having it broke in ulson Mr. K. DOUGLAS gave notice of s motion relative to the West
The real question was whether the witnesses should be summoned for India Planters, for Monday next.
the day before the Reform motion—a motion that watt likely to occupy The House then went lama Committeeon the Canada Acts.
so many nays, or wait till the examination could be continued. He Lord HO WICK said he rose to move the resolutions on which he
would:move to name the day for the witnesses' attendance March: g, intended to ground a bill, for the purpose of settling the financial con.
or to postpone the second reading till such day; for as to summoning trovemiee which had so long gone on in Canada. His object was to
the attendance of witnesses for the day previous to the melee, surrender up to the House of Ammo!, of Canada the whole cone oul
he really thought nothing so inconsistent had ever been pro. over the revenues of the colony, and to enable his ethjesty to wont to
posed. (Cheers.) the appropriation of the revenues made by the House of Assembly with.
Mr. ROSS said only six witnesses, resident in town, and five living out the interference of the House of Commons. The chief difference
at Evesham. were to be summoned. That expense would be very between his (Lord Herrick's) measure and that proposed by the late
different from the enormous expense on account of Penryn and East Secretary for the colonies was with nopect to the salaries of the gover-
Eetford. The 28th was a vacant day why not proceed as far as
nor and of the judges, which by the latter measure were to consist of
•
time world allow on that day? He thought there was no ground for certain permanent sums, not to be subject to the controul of the repre-
sentatives of Canada. It was at present intended that on the surrender
delay. This being a special bill, he did nut consider it pledged any
one to Reform. of the revenue the Assembly should be recommended to vote for thc
Sir GEORGE 1Y AARE N DER said he should bear impartial lifetime of Iris Majesty, or for seven years at least, for the governor and
secretaries an amnia sum of 6,2001. fee the judges 11,200'. for pen.
evidence on this occasion. He expected! that the Reform to be pro-
!ions, 1,0001• for small expenses, 1,7001. making a total of 12,1001.. e.
posed would be too general for him to agree to ; at the same time he
thought the ptoposed inquiry would be ill.timed.—(Hear.) He was With to the judges, it was recommended that judges should not
for commencing the inquiry when it could be continued.—( Hear.) hencef:stra named members of the Legislative Council. By metallic
Lord PA LAIRRSTON said, he was for commencing the inquiry these cession, the dignity of the Crown could not be injured, since it
when it could be continued consecutively; and as to the number at was only listening to just ;equate on the part of the colony.
witnesses now named. might not others be required ?—( !leer.) The Sir G. MURRAY could not perceive mnch threrence between the in.
House was not to be deluded into a supposition these there were only tended nleasure and his own. With respect to the governor and judges'
salaries, he had only followed there commendation of the Canadn Com-
six witnesses to be examined. Perhaps six might he considered sufb-
mittet that they should remain independent of the vote of the assembly
clean for one side of the question, but then who could say there might
fie their annual salaries. With respect to the general conduct of
pot be six times six brought forward on the other side?
the late govermnent towards Canada, their policy had always been
Mr. t,UNCO Mit 11, could not snow the hon. and learned gentle-
to act towards that colony on the most liberal principles, with
man opposite to say there was any manatuvre in the present effort,
without throwing tack that imputatioit math the utmost indignation. the precaution not to make such concessions as to give the repre.
tentative* an undue preponderance over the two other branches of the
The present question was altogether unconnected with the measure of
Rsessin, and as to any threat on the part of any hon. member to din legislature.
solve parliament, and for the government to throw itself upon the coon. Mr. LABOUCH En E returned his thanks to the noble lord for his
great me to carry i
try, should it not be able liberal measure. There was this most important difference betusen the
its manure of Reform, such
I threats were not new. Other ministers bad been beard to use the measure of the late Secretary for the Colonies and the present, that the
Jedges wee not by the former measures undo the amtmul of the se-
same language. It was undoubtedly in the breast of his Majesty to
diuolve his parliene nt if he should think fit, but it was always better lernbly. This conttuul was considered cf great importance to the Ca-
nteen. He would be, however, the hue man in the house to deny the
to astaain from any such threats. It was undoubtedly of the greatest
s very great cretin for his conduct towards
importance to have the disfriatchisement of Evesbam gone into whin late Secretary for the Colonie
Canada. With respect to the Legislative Coureil to give that body
out delay ; net he would ask his noble friend to reconsider the subject;
the proper weight and authority. in the country, it would be necessary to
and then to sty, whether it would not be better for the justice of the
tireprinciple of election with some modification. This was
case, that he should not press his motion, but rather fall in with the introduce
the old colonial system. In the United States when they formed part
noble Chencellor of the Exchequer's proposition. of the colonies, both houses were elected. He was for not interfering in
The gallery was then cleared fora division on the question whether the internal administration of Canada. He could enure the house that
the warrant for the attendaece of witnesses should be en theist ur the
nth of March. Nu division took place, mad it was understood that the the Canadians would not make an allure of the privilege • they were
hetet to the heart's core. lie considered the connection of dined* meet
proposition for March 8111 was adopted. important to this country. It ma not by an absurd shackling of trade
(The House was remarkably full.) that the connection was to be maintained. To Canada, with her ports
RETIRE DISTRESS IN TUE WEST OF IRELAND. open to all the world, nothing could be more advantageous than to be.
On Lord ALTHORP'S motion that the House of Commons go into long to a gent maritime power. He would only aid, that he wished
a Committee on the Canada Acts, the:law, besides applying to the revenue, applied to all the details of
Mr. 1). BROWNE said he had to bring forward a subject that the administration.
would nut admit of delay. Ile had petitions from the West of Ireland, ion TWISS paid, if the judges were made independent of the Crown,
setting forth that in a month or six weeks there would be starvation— he expected they would soon see the Chief Justice opposing his Maine
and as that was the cam, he should not be doing his duty not to bring ty's representative in the colonies; end would alto see the judge, gene,
forward this question, and state what bad come to his knowledge. He rally courting popularity with the assemblies, on whom they were do-
stated the fact of starvation—he was sure that he stated what would have pendent for their salaries. With the exespeles of this provision, the
the attention of the house, because he had never known It to neglect, bill proposedeby the noble lord was nothing more or less than the bill
though from want of information it might delay, the interest of Ireland, brought in by his right hem. faced last year.
Except the house or the government interfered, there must be the most Lord BANDON approved of the bill proposed by the noble land.
frightful famine. In one barony alone there were 30,000 persons ex- Mr. HUME said, the difference between the bill proposed by the
posed to want ; and this was confirmed by the Rev. Mr. Lyons, a most noble lord and that by the secretary he the colonies last year
respectable Catholic priest, who had stated that in consequence of the was that the latter eouPtcrinsol: be carried intoefeet. He believed the lati
crop having failed along the coast, at least 200,000 people would see scary meant well; but there was all the difference hawses saying
be in a starving state bears the first of March. They would be with- and doing. The noble lad bad properly propose to lame Ahem 54
out subsistence or the mesas of earning it, and in this situation would disposal of their own resources, which was a boon that would he highly
they be for at least four months, until the next crop became ripe. The prised, and would give content throughout Canada, without which via.
hon. member was convinced that the present ministry were desirous ales were only a burthem. He hoped, when Canada was placed in the
to do all in their power for the benefit of Ireland; and he was sensible situation in which this bill would place it, that they should support their
of the dithculty of the situation in which they were placed; bat the own military establishment. He had a cootmunicatiort from Canada
