THEATR I' ROYAL., COVENT-GARDEN.
—2l-iIS PRESENT EVENING, will be per-
totaled, the Tragedy of
THE ORPHAN;

OR, THE UNHAPPY MARRIAGE.

Unto, Mr. F.G IRTON ; Castalio, Mr. C. KEMBLE ;
Volydore, Mr CONWAY ; Cbamont. Mr. YOUNG.
Isionimia, Miss O'NEILL;
serina, Miss BOY CE.; Flur.lla, ALA SEYMOUR.. •
To winch Will be added,
BROTHER ANO SISTER.
Don Christoval de 'Formes, Mr. FAWCETT;
• Don Sylvio de Flores, Mr. DURUSET
Pacheco, Mr 1.15113 N ; Bartolo, Mr. SIMMONS.
Donna !Odors, Miss STAMENS ;
rzna Camilla, Miss LOGAN ; Miss MATTHEWS;

Agatha. Mri. US rON.
To Morrow, Smile.; and 'rears ; or The Widows' Stratagem ;
Csmon.•
on Monday, Venice Presorcud; with The Magpie or the
nn 'Tuesday. Smiles and 'rears ; or The Widows' Stratagem.
on Wedlie.day, - Orphan.
"1-11: ties, Grand -ristmas Pantomime, which has been since
the summer in preparations will he produced at the usual period.

.
Just published, In_Orat2,.'ptlEs.4s..6d. boards, •
fiCINSIDGRATfORS propriety or niiking
Ts./ a-Itlinutteyailoit to: WI I NESSES its-CIVIL I'IONS
fur' OV• of .atirclalri:grirtri• simTOTTSI"IIi7:I-
- lON of COi N as between Party and Party; with *tune Ob-
say stious on the preeeto sy.tent of fusing Costs.
By CU RI.IiS MO-VI% Attorney at LaW.
London: alined Or J.. But terw °nit and Sun, flevt-ateet ;
J.
nrd G.-Todd, York; and 3. Wittott, lion. • •

THE POETICAL SATIRI6T. •
ihi clad w. pubil=hed,ln One Neat Pocket Vieumr., pries St.lle
.1p Mary's, embellistled with a Rue Emgrairing, •
rr}IPOE rICA I. SATIRIST; containh
mostig the
cloak* effudols of Satiric Humour, Whimsical
Laughable concerti*, that could pi 'trailed from tile
Corote Mu‘e.
nti 'on : Printed for Thomas Tegg, HO. 13, Cheapside ; and
: he had of all Book-eller%
!tug puhl.sbed, Spirit (t Irish Atrit for 101,61 priep6%.

' • .. . - • •
This day was publishe.l., prise 64. boards,
frill?. COMPLETE. TRI ALOOF MARSHAL.
AL N F.Y, Prince of M“.qw?, for tligh l'retstr, brat by Court
?.1...r. ill, an.! afterwards by the Court is F...r% VW) an Ac
c..inq o' his Deportment at the time. of Execution. Talon down
,n ,hort-hand at the time of Trial. 'fu whit!, is
.added, ,Ite 01E-
-1141 1 -ere . Description of the B nth.. of Waterloo. with a irortt: it
of th. M•arshat. • • •-•
Printed for E. Cox and Son, flierstreq, Barone.
The Teal stay he had separate fru* tin. Account of IVater-
-1 ~.. ps ice 3s. - . •
•

•
inst published,
The Sevent correeted,Triee les. Coloci ed 14s.
fr HE BATTLE of WATERLOO. wit!
IL s-antlal Detai!s, previous, during, and atter the bottle; also
a Collection of Ani•cil itto and ..ettero from the Cor lineation
nt (Mficers and Privates in different Paris-41
Field, in their titt.criptions of the Pharr they 14. k t*!P glory
rl e day. whit fi io the Oalcial eiscoont% fw w Irded
:he-various 11,tp.trals •:.tho were liye.witnesivs accompart:-
;lit the Duke of Well n;,,con dwel; the ..thok of the ez.tion. With
• ielt other matter that ii peculi:or to the Work now tKereel, :nd
:1,4-rated by Plans and a Pam/ramie View of the field of Battle,
y Near 1)1;r-terser.
ti,64'. by John Booth, Duke-street, PortLAndttplacei and T. Pt. ,erto
Military Library, hit:hall.
- . -

COLIN l'Y Olt DURHAM.
VAUTABLE SEA SALE COI;.LIERY.
Tr) LE SOLD py PRWATE CONTRACT,
• Top:o:er or is ,bares, •
W EN TY- c.) N;TWENTY-EIGHTH
A. e.t. a I t%;:t N'alinitile and tr,irren: going Colliery,
tatted IslitWlU3 r t•LF, 1,1E.F.44 114A;N
h.tuatril on ibtt Riser We..r, in the county of Durham, together
uith au anoote suck of Horses and Materials, necessary 19r
r. orting and carrying sn thh mt..
A so, wveral valwalik AS FATES, lyipg contiguous thereto,
,v../..rrott a great ntpsher of IVerkturo's !louses have lately berm
,red. The wbole helovging to JOHN D. NWIAM, Esq. and
t'• inpaur. The eviller; is eapslile of great Improvement, and
; 4,0 t.; hing evensive head of vrry miperior Coals, and 11141
bro. fit ..t an Iron Rail-way t•or au unlimited quantity), by
the cog, are conveyed to the tlarbovr of Sunderland,
here they are delivered into Shim by the means of Spows—an
1- portant advitntage,*bleh is not enjoyed by 2ry other Colliery
the Rivet Wear.
I ft:idler Particulars, apply In I.onticn, to 14t11C3 Lawson,
• ::: the liar of Lloyd's ef ffre-house; or to llamas Windle,
item-street, Bedford-row ;to I.eccd. Kaiebeck, Esq. Stock-
; ..•-, r. l'res • and to Mr. Edward Steely, at the •Collicry, near
.41 .•• tsZSpritig, Dm! int.

XI It. I; LS BU ItY-rfn 18081 after a (ever, my
4‘3.t gl t knee was som;:ch mfbimed, that I herante.delirinus.
A %omen.. of emioance brought it to discharge, slid my leg ;lice-
Ea the knee io she cask'. ()cher gentlemen were .Avi,r,l
Ifni lett Ac.: Mem able. For two fears I !tiP :red
rtatly, and scarcely able so swallow a heir rook! ; and I was lifted
ta arid cno 44 bed in a 16.,i; et. A friend, I:aviez %et several lures
• Your Urers,pent ni,! a heat, desifin I would sue the last drop.
I-Lan tjo a week my spiri.s and appetite ware better. !nil kw
• the rain Ista me, and sevral 11.!-.1. of h.ai • came away.
w 3. :• .3w able 10 13111 CflllC/11%, and ;.r tic sea r covcred rapidly.
usnatrly left elf the Ittedi.:ine, and the v. ;lig follliving I
• st lard wila vultsits vortices. My other knee and uncle
14 roue atfected,aud I was again reduced to grea: azt remit y." My
nit.ther (Iwo applied to w t I spin took ynor Medicine, and,
talown; your advice, was owe mire wiseaid Iris n pain, and
)41, rye y. ars I have (teen gaininglirsAb SIM stretitAa.-1 an:, hr.
6, kit...ye-place, Camden • town, July IC, 11115. lt.
1%110 Use Si.sprnsary, iS, obo-svare, London, in Nettle, of
k Poybk tOs 6tl iiid littlest Xt. t.s. duty int.ludetl.—Lont-
town! Es.ritc 1.11 prevent Cantu erfeits,, Ges.ttin..! Me-
bat cblask Ink tamp M(. Edward., 00)
,;gl:.ti %Rim W.b*s:4lo

R
, ..
AZ kRD,, BUItNE, and Co. Conti. tcwrs kr
tie preset Lottery, reffrectfAli submit to the Public
the foliewine. SCliiiMit. which having received the .auction of
.he Lords ni ,4e, Treasury, turd Wog perfuctty red trim 411 ant-
b!goity, will, ibey trim, meet with geoetal kiprobat hill.
State Lottery et/ the whole 10,000 tickets.
N4t Two Blanks to a Pri3e ! —No Fitted l'rtze.
fetiENll7..
2 Arisettof 25,G00 C .... ht-34 in Cold .e.:-.1',500
2 .... . . .., 4t30,000
2 5,330
I,OOJ .......... . 5,000
5 500 ......
10. ~.. ..... sou ...
Is ......». 100 ..., 1,530
50 ...... .....
1,000 ••?•....r• 24 ......
15
1,410 ••••••••• P) 4 i,003
6,6. i POl,es , aet morgv. .c200,00q

apas Prawing the 14th of FP ripm ARY.
kt.ket4 sad Oar 11 are lietling by RAZ %RI), ISU tug, and
(Store. 1->r, ben), the Contractory, South G etc of the Loyal
Erisangt:; v-..,:tte, In *he !Ate.znol former Lotteries, Prizes have
Er
Sold e .f.eriing in Amount TWO MILLIONS.
N. B. Any rt.pectOme ”erstins in the eountry desirods of be-
coming Agents, at. requested to apply as above.

BS *E KIM'S ROYAL LETTERS PATEN r.
14, E;?.....'S of All kinds, SOUPS, VEGETABLES.
IV.I. and MILK, which will keep perfectly fresh, with all
weir original Savour and moltlusitqoallies, in any climate.—
Thu Me t:s in canisten of 41h. to ...011). ‘weight each, hit Milk'
and Snout. hi quart and pint bottles.—Alro CONCEN I'RA
COolidi.MM or GRAVY SOUP: this Souj) is highly eon
centrated, so much so, that a small Wale. cautaining only a quar-
ter of pint, is sufilcient, yitli the &Milan of boding water, to
make a quart of strong gravy soup, mul when required for the
use of the sick. It will adrift of a considerably greater degree of
; prepared in insult hottlesfor making quarts, pints, znd
two-thirds of a pint. hum the veiy %wall compass in which it
parks, It is particularly calci:lated for the use of ['RAVEL
as well as for the ARMY and NAVY, and will be found very
convenlint in FAMILIES fur domestic purposes, hi having %Gyps
and grayfcs always ready ftir immediate use.
Extract of a LE II'ER from Sir hurts Battits, Bart. Jf..B.
P.R.S. £cc. published in the rinses of the 15th of Aligust last :
" I leg you will send me some of yogi* CONCEN l'ltA FED
CONSOMME, fur my own,ustr,u (consider it better Soup than
I generally meet with, Other at home-or abroad."
Apply to the Patentees, Messrs. E,unklp, Hall, and Gamble,
Wue Anchor-road, Bermondsey, Southwark ;or to Mp. I. Bran-
don, at the (Mice, 30, Lombard-street, London.

•
AN rt•impicrß;p 4z4, Oat (it.t.iNION'S DROPS.
AMEPICIN4 like the AiintlivirrlGlngs is in
the present tosses more than doubly valuable, as the intern-
prrance.anJ luiury of the age is hastening the ravpges of the
*curer, and renderitig pur blood more impure; end though a
love of intemperance cannot on any aceou..t be defeudd, yet
tho. wbo have been weal' enough to *associate with the toes of
luziory, and thireby destroy their own constitutions, have the
meats; now offered trims of repairing the breech, and, s., far as is
In the power of physio w aspist.them, to lostoie themselves to
yertsct hea,lth.
The Anti-Impetigines may be administered to females and
children with the utmost ,afety, and efacacy, which circumstances
have print'-ii )&4y contributed to its great celcbrity, luta universal
use and recitiest.
, Sold br.lsa mu el Leigh, 1 ii, Strand; flacon and Co. 15Q, Oxford-
street, Brodie and Dow, jog, Salisbury; and all Medi. •
&tr.)/ enders; price I is. mach, or (one in one Family Bottle tor •
sms. by which one I is. bottle is saved, with the tpords--"
bo(omon, Lieu pool," sngs,tyed on die stamp,
g.:11, Llr tiosi.otton eaperes, when cuitsul:esl by lettar, the usual
coolpiinuJA ; mud note to be isocitrsed, 41dtr,a
" Nonce I 1)1. :Ationiog, lluuse nes" Livdpool
tioOle 'wow!"
•

A Cobrt of Common Council wa, yesterday held
at Guildhall, in pursuanCe of a requisition, to take
into consideration the tangs inary persecution of the
Protestants in the South of France, and to adopt
such measnres as prudence .mtgbt sqggie4. either
by an Address to his Royal Highnv.i. the Pretnce Re-
gent, or by other means which may be judged expe-
dient to secure the religious liberty of the inhabitants
according to their Constitutional Charter.
nefore the Court proceeded to the businest qt the
Requisition,
Mr. Doan; observed, that a practice !std arittets,
which he thought it would be only necessary to men-
tion, that it might be repressed. Some Gentlimen
usually took occasion to bring forward a question
shortly before St. Thomases pay, by which the opi.
nion of the Members of the Court would be disco.
mid, after which st list of the division was printed.
He. for bis own part, had nothing to fear from tltis
practice, because he had been long a Member of tisat
body, and was sufficiently established in the opinion
of his constituents, to disregard any attempt shake
him in their favour; but the habit was injut opus as
well to the respectability of the body, as in its influ-
ence on the freedom of debate.
Mr. Winer differod in opinion from the worthy
Gentleman who preceded him, and said he ielt cx-
tremly grateful tq any one who nude I:nown the part
he had taken in any discussion, to his cunstituents—

(.117111aure). •
Mr. btrom said, that in the remarks which heltA
made, be had in.yiew the general respectability of
the Court.

lICECPTION OF PROTESTANTS.
The Lott!) Mayon stated, that he had caused the
inesein Orin to be !,unimnned, in clnseroence of a
Ks 4nisi:i~>rt Whic!i hid been handed to him, and
which would be read by the proper oificer: He begged
to riosTree, in. refeience to the conduct pnrsued by
him this day, that he never meant .to interrupt the
general trecdoin of debate ih.that Court. Knowing
aiala question of great importance was to come on,
and being.aWare that many Qentlernen were desirous
of di livertirg their ientimeg;i •nt it, he telt the neces-
sity 14 restricting, p 4 a single speeel!,- those
who
wished to 5141 e their opininn on the anier.,led rek.orts.
He ueii:ved it around be found very cotivenient if l
that proteeding were spore fregnentlf adopted—
(ffear, Igor).—He knew that one el tlptir *ending
Orders anthoried every Metnber to speak twice--bet
we:u always at liberty ;.0 mite such aledFatiort
in ti); fur" of lieu pruceeerosas its 'nigh; appear

febsary.
The lteonisitioh was then read by the Clerk.
WAITRatAN said, he . TOW • for T7'e purpose et
submitting t 4 the con:i.knuttion of dr.: Court, a F
unge.stionably on as importitn: 211,114c:I as
oteer demanded their attention. If it wee.* a Limo
difficult tole brought forward, he was sole it tstuuld
suffer Much from the feeblenes; of his efUrts in in-
troducing it; bet, important ac it was, still wag of
suet' a nature as must, he was convinced, prevent
any difference 'of upjrri. n in the Court. What h.:
nad to propose, would, on the contrary, ce•leiliate
the support of every ft lend to religion and humanity.
He knew of no opposition that could be offered to it,
unless, indeed, it was argued, that the fact! on wl.ich
he proceeded were nut lafficiendy before the Court
On this.
waccount, he thought i; fortunate that the bu-
siness a 4 not introduced at an earlier perked; • This
-delay was accounted fur by the circumstance of tWo 4
requisitionshaiing been set on foot : cacti party hear-
ing the fact gave way to the other, and thus, through
courtesy, they both stood still. Although many
persons might w.sh that they had ernbraced the ear-
` Best opportunity of stating their opinions on a subject 1
Of such magnitude, stills it could nut be denied, flat
some benefit had resnited fruit; the delay. It pre-
vented an opinion gannvabroad, that the question
had been taken up lightly, and without consideration;
that it had ben entertained merely from the impulse
of strong feeling, and that a sober and steady view
114c1 not been taken of it. With respect to the col-
lection (41 facts, there was a difficulty, from•the si-
tu Loon of Trance itself, which rendered it impossible
to procure such information as would be necessary in:
ordinary cases. gat the reports were so convincing,
that pot a doubt could be entertained on pie subject
of the periecutioo which the Protestants in the South
of France experienced.. This matter had aWady
been taken up by a number of ropeciable Ministers
of the Cospelr who had drawn up a Report, founded
oti most accurate 40ot-station, derived from indivi-
duals whp resided on the spot and though, from ob-
vious circumstances, he could nut furnish the Court
with the names of those persons, he did not, on that
account, feel the slightest doubt of their veracity.—
The whole Report was so intemsting-rthe facts were
so simply narrecd—they went so directly to the feel-
ings and minds of all ,those who rent them, that
though he did not feel it proper to taiii tip the tin? •
'of the court, in reading it at length, yet he found tt
very siitlicult matter to select any. particular pas-
'sages from it. •
[Mr. Waithman here. introduced several extracts from the'
Report. li state,l, that from the month of June 10 the presiot
with the exception of occasional and treacherous Walcott
Of tranquility, the Southern provinces of .Fmatceswere the scene
of perseceinat, murder, and pillao, "Uhl l'rtent)tit inhabi•ant:
were contpelled to retire within thew houlfsApch of-thein as
appealed in the streets were immediately plinked and secured.,
Many of them had lied front their nearest eclat"' and friends,
who, by their alosence,lnc.arm exposed to greater danger. A
very strong and mi.:ening Petition,- it appeared, was .presented
to the King of France, in. crinsetieence of those excesses,
' where, amongst others, the folloWing expression, • were used—,
us, Sire—preserve your children ! Speedily terionlare the
cieli war which depopulates your utovinees! A single act of
yours would Nave a part of your dominions, respectable for its
commerce and manufactures f We Gail on you to invesdrate the
'conduct of those Chiefs whir have sten those awes, amid have
not prevented them !" No notice of -these proceedings was,
however, taken bi the gevefenwh!, While a Paall9ble.t, written
in femur of the comment', and in which; with a noble frank-
ness, they thanked°eertain °Wire who had assisted them, was
imahedlately siipprosed by the Notice of Paris. • Toe Report'
yew FceS vi pa sipte the wawa, etatimluoi by a body of troops,

;;r2Zii: • •

who called themselves an.l .vhi; were a axial:
and uniform different from tinsels anthoris %I of the. Gown-II:lent.
They were ereeedingly active la .riersit.:•-ir proicomit.—of
wham upward% vt Goo lasdl,rli d.atioyeff—'he nrorert arid ha-
titration!' if al hers had Wei, ~ill tie 16,00 were obltiod*
gy to the riouuts.ns for protec;ism.l *.
Mr. Watrummv c•Vinued—ro•tever
the disposition of the French g4Vernment, their wee*
seemed to be too feeble to put at:, eed to the': disor-
ders; and they h•td, in cnnseetiencei existed tt m :hi
Mandl of June down to the prey:tit wi•hnut
• any cEct:va meant hiving been tic n to rev•nt
them. Under these. circumstances t'i (election was,
whether Vie Court fought at interfer :?—(fteate. !oar,
from Mr Dix9n.) W,ten t!,e Geettepien ope site
cried —(E:ardeear)--i: :nobble Occurred to
that on many occesions, he (Mr Waitlitnan) had
Maintained, that one conntry had not a right to in-
t :fete with the interred cotic,:rits of another. This
doctrine he certainly had maintain d —hut he never
wert o far as to argue or to iniiteee, tha, two
friendly states (setting a:.ide the eircunlstances Which
.:reate j that friendship), should not interfere w:th
each ether in the cause of retigicn and humanity t--;
fie did not taut his conduct could beat out such an
imputatiun. dat, if it were even otherwise, there :vete
circumstances whieli would justi'y them in such a
proceeding. jt. was .utterly ;inposSible for them to
forget the sacrifice., this country had made; for litany
ye.trs, to place the King of France n.l the throee of
his aecesters. They could not eire.e.., Ova by ,the
exertions of this country ti, q eeople of Fiance had
rereived that conctitutional charter, in which the
King deck.ed, that all matters of mlllOlll they
sho. h be perfectly free. Knowing what this cnetery
had done for the restoration of th:: Kmg of France—
knowing., that to the eyertions of British troops, he
was chiefiy it:di:bled foe his thianc-e-knewing that, in
et cons iencc of the success :,f our arms, which placed
him iii that high situation, be was enabled to grant
the Constitutional Charter—knowing that he was at
present supported in tlivit situation be England and
her Allies-e-knowing these things, surely ito man
would get up and say, that, in the existim: state of
allairs,•this country war, to stand still, end take no
part whatever in the cause of religiae and humanity I
and in rescuing, troni the horrors th.e. had Leen des.
et; hed, so large a proportion of our Protest ant brethren.
(Hear, Amr.) With respect to the light whir!' every .•
individual enjon, to worship Q. ii acccrdiO, to the
diet Lies of his own conscience, the;e meet Ce ne
doubt. He conceived it to be ;,1):2 foundation of ail
other rights ; and he who woulci not permit his fel.
low-magi to exercise .that privilege, would certainly
p• went him from exercising any other to w!:;ch lie
milt lay claim, and to which lie wee justly en. •
1/n dolitical vitters, a gre it dit;crence el ppi.
Alen n cestarily ettate-1 He, for instance, might
..neinetin, that another individual was sup!" ~thug
item would create taxation, ant taCe motley
fro) the pickets of his fellow-subjects, tie might
feel angry with his of ionent on th:!t. at:ccunt, becauet
what ne did rot onlii tejured hi:meal, but others. fn
ILI case of ra;:{intts arils an, 0.. e (tatter was suite ,
dilErent. If he (Mr. Wai!lim_an) were In the wropg
road, he did not injere his neiehbOur therebe —the •.
tussles tall entirely on himself. kits neighbour-might,
lea pity *and eompassion for bitn, but he had no right
to pull tlow4 the place of wort went to, neither
could Ire be instilied in seeting his life. Sad; °N..
ceedings could not serve the cause of religion anelhu-
netnity--,iitcl, he was suite, that the who estubliAcd
the Inquisitioe, and similar iestitutions, had y_t the
juiciest of Mien' in view—their ob;ece seat: de.-
base the humgn mind, that tlity might escrcise.
without comma, it galling tyr..uny Live; hire cied.
rights of those olio were Wive; their p0xer,....-
A greet den) mare might pe said on the subject, ni-
-1 cause it is mare interee;.ing than ny otht.7—indi mud'.
as those considerations, which are connected with our •
eternal welfare, far transcend lbw which. *ger
Merely to our temporal conceras--end bemuse rte
considered religions tyranny to be the foundation of,
every reit% of oppression that has heretofore been
practised upon mankind, or that may he piacti,44.
hereafter. Q.i other occasions, he letd caused a good.
dial of dissatisfactinn in the minds of some ;persons,
hecause he had maintaoe4, that no man should be.
debarred Iron? the rife cise of his political rights on .
accotiet of his teligious persuasion. lie stiil was of
that opinion. lie ;knight no human being slue.t.ltl be
deprived of his political privileges, on account of -his •
religious creed-,(llear, hear )-1f he entertained this
opinion with reference to the 'Hot:sail Qatholics, ought
he rot to avert it it all his ;sewer, when ti.e righir
of rrutostants were. trampled on ? when lie knew
that they were prevented from perferroing • theirs reli-
gious dunce—when their property was pillaged, and
their Byes tr rrp destroyed ?—(lfeer, /rear. )-rThere
was no necessity for him to dwell longer on this sub-
ject, because he was persuaded that the feelings of
every individual in the Court were arrayed qn his side;
but he thought, though it was eneegit to carry the
motion, that it %Iglu tint to carried silently. It .
would jse most laudable in the lembers of thit Court
to stand up, and to declare their feelin;s. on such an
occasion. It via; one op. which,- above 411 others, it
strong opinion via;
be expressed. Alter sacrificing
so much *id and treasure, ter upwards of twenty
years, in the ciyse, as it had been eettned, of he.
manity and social order, they were now
,called on in .
attain,. as far as they were nbls, the fruits of those ,
immense exertions. It niould be recollected, 'also.,
and it formed anothei strong ground for the ;merle. .
rence of this country, that the professed feeling
by which the Allies were actuated, wag tq benefit :
mankind—to rescue the people of Franc; from
a hideous tyranny, and to give them .peace,.stcu..
city, and happiness, as well a; to other natieuse•
who groaned under the same despetietn.—(Near.)-.... •
Now, he would call on theeoUrt to say, whether thole
expect:trims: had been ful6lled ? He would ask therm,
hid all the objects been attained, for which thosetx-,
ertions had been made kle considered that they wee,
not, it,, under the mild and parental Government t,f.
the gill of Franey, the Protestants did nut enjoy
• •

ra4 .A lb

0

i

freedom and safety. which, beneath the late Usurper's
sway, they possessed. If they admitted that such
was the fact, then all who heard him must acknow-
ledv that enough had not been done. He hoped that
no argument m ide use of by him would prevent other
gentlemen, who thought as he did, from expressing
their feeltnge; b iceuse much good might be done by
a bold expression of opinion, in a great assembly like
that, c.‘nsistinfr nt the Representatives of all the Ci-
tizens it this imm 'use Metropolis. Mr. Waithman
then proposed his resolution—(for w.i2ch see adverale•
meld is the front page )
Mr. DAVIS seconded the motion, and observed that
the subject had already been stated in so able, so car -
did, and so judicious a manner, that little remained
to he said on the subject. Who could have imagined
that the present lamentable state of France would be
the result M ail our exertions for the welfare of Eu-
rope ? Who could have imageted that the Govern-
ment, whicii to nor wealth and blood was indebted
for it: existence, should have suffered our Protestant
brethren to be despoiled and murdered with impunity ?
Eveiy Englislenen and every Protestant must have
felt tor these suffering individuals, and the only gees.
tion was as to the means of remedying them, and
preventing for ever their rt curience. That Court had
imps. tail/ slcpteceteJ the interference by this country
in tee aff sirs of other Governments. The principle
wes g sed : bin we had not now to give law, but to
enforce laws which had been sadly violated. There
night be individuals who doubted as to the fact of
the persecution of the Protestants; but when they
were reminded of the information which had been
cecelvtd (taking into Consideration the difficulties
which obsoucted suci communicate:as) those doubts
most vanish. It MIAS impossible that any thing like
judicial evidence could be obtained ; and those who
were not now satisfied as to the fact, would not bee
hew 4. even though one should r: :e from the dead."
'lime Address which had "seen proposed would reach
the Crown with that force which attended resolutions
of such a body as the Corporation of London ; and
he lied no daub: the answer would be such as to gre.
tity every man of humanity, and give the friends of
tol,restoe a pledge of ultimate success to their cause.
Mr. OLIMANI observed, that the Court was not on
this occasiost called upon to determine any question
of euebt ; for here there was no doubt. The oppres.
sions practised upon our Protestant brethren in Franc:-
were ninitesiable and atrocious. This, therefore,
totenee not a political but a moral question, appeal-
ing irreeistiely to every sentiment of humanity and
lejstice. Tee spirit of time observation of that excel.
at man, Mr. Wilberforce, that be would prefer ever
without the Slave Trade to peace accompanied by,
tiler odious trat&c, he would apply in this instance.
For it religious persecution were to be the cense-
quence of pe.ce, woule have no hesitation in pre-
ferring the coetieeence of war, unaccompanied ley
that &rest of all human calamitiee. On those grounds
he thought the assembly bound to sirci.tre, in the
face of rte world, its at herrence of such enormities:,
and te request the active interpositiosi of our Go.
verninent to put a peried to their operation. To
prove the severity ra this persecution, the Worthy
Gen:l-man read an extract from the Rev. Mr.
CoOlin's fimpLlet, which steered, mi the authority
of a Builetin teem' Nisines, that sisteen Protes-
tants, upon one occasem, lied their throats cut be-
fore their own doors: It was lamentable, said he, to
find, that the moment Europe became tranquillized,
the ',quoit:4;on reeree its head in Spain, where
so much was done to rescue her front slavery, and re-
ligieus persecution re.appcarrd in France, where it
was se long stippcsed to have been extinguished. TI e
Worthy Gentleman concluded, by warmly approving
of the present motion. It would prodnce, ee was
persuaded. a good moral effect, and shew France that
England would not silently stand by and see her
fellow Protestants massacred.
Mr. Dome said, diet as no doubt appeared to exist
upon-the subject of the atrocities alluded tr, be hit
this to be a case in which the Corporation of London
was c teed open to interpose; for although it might
be netinetined, as a 7,enerel proposition, that it was
not right to interfere tit the concerns of a foreign Go.
smooth in, the case tinder consideration formed an
exception so strong, that men should not be bound
by any declaration in favour of the general principle.
But while be expressed no doubt on this subject, he
begged it to be understand, that his opinion was not
grounded upon rumours, or upon pamphlets pub-
lished either here or in France. He should be sorry
indeed to rest his judgment upon such authority: for
to shew the credit due to pamphlets published in
France, he need only quote one which lately ap-
peeted, from tee pen of a French Officer (Pullet),
mho alleged that the English ladies generally go to
bed di a•:k—(4 Inset.) Fur his part, he felt the ut-
rnest relience upon tee disposition of the Government
or France to use all the means in its power to put an
eed to the persecutions complained of; therefore he
should deprecate any censure, however iadirect, upon
the conduct or character of that Government. He
also ;teed most coefidently upon the readiness of
oar own Government to forward the wishes of huma-
nity in this case, and it required no stimulus what-
ever. Still he should not resist the Address proposed,
if it were couched in terms censistent with propriety,
which he was induced to exeect from the language
of the Werthy Mover, who, by Lie professed solici-
tude for 66 spiritte 1 and m0r..l interests," encoura-
ged a hope Lila he had at length had 66 a serious
eat !" (A Lath.)
Mr. FAVELL strongly supported the motion, which
lie felt peculiarly jiastlfiehle upon the same principles
which un a la e occasion induced that Assembly to
enter into reel talons againstethe continuance of the
Wave Trade. Those principles involved a solicitude
for tie general interests of humanity. By those noble
prsnciples he was most hapey to see London and the
whole country actuated upon the present occasion.
For it we were influenced by any view to our own
interest merely, we should not interfcie at all to as..
rest the persecution of the Protestants in France, re-
enllecting the important benefits derived to this
country through the revocation of the edict of hlantz,
which compelled so many French Protestants to
transfer their industry, their ingenuity, and their ca.
plait to Great Britain; and the probability was, that
:f the present system of religions persecution were
allowed to continue, similar consequences would be
found to ensue; therefore; were we self-interested,
our policy would be different from that which the
pmt motion propied. Put It was a proud ram.

rim for every Englishman, to find his country reject-
ing all selfish consideration, and embracing the uni-
versal interest of humanity. It was truly a most
melancholy spectacle, to witness the outrageous vio-
lation of that humanity which a rancorous bigotry
now excited in France—that after a war so long and
So ruinous, the worst species of hostility that could
agitate or afßict mankind should be found to prevail.
But, unhappily, a great part of the population of the
South of France appeared to be demoralized and
priest-ridden—quite stink indeed in brutality—the
victims of superstition and priestcraft. It was then
in the highest degree necessary to arrest the vicious
purpose and practice of such a people ; and the de-
claration of that assembly must be of the utmost im-
portance, not only in this country but in France, and
throughout Europe, in promoting the end in view.
Such a declaration would, he hoped, be productive of
a very useful impression, as well upon our own Ga.
vernment as upon the Government of France, and
thus lead to a better system with regard to the per-
secutors complained of. The French Government
did not, he must confess, appear to him to proceed
with the etn•gy which its duty prescribed, and thefe-
fore he thought the proposed declaration the more
necessary. The Worthy Member quoted several
passages from the Circular Letter of the Committee
of the Protestant Dissenting Ministers, signed by Mr.
Morgan, their Secretary. From thoce passages ii
appeared that an unparalleled systems of persecution
and pillage had for some months prevailed in the
South of France, of which Protestants alone were the
victims Mr. Favell animadverted with peculiar
force upon the following extract of a letter from a
Protestant Minister in France :

" To detail the base ingratitude, gross obscenity, diggustint
superstition, aud infernal cruelties, practised during this bheck-
mg attempt to exterminate the Reformed Churches frmn the soil
France, would, under present circumstances, be as imprudent
as unavailing. Happy, happy Protestants of your favoured land!
No rude infuriated mob shows through your streets and villages,
Give us the blood of the Protestants! Let us wash our hand,
in their blood ! rive la St Bartheitosir—May you long rap)
those privileges communicating your principles and piety to
every nation under the heavens!"
Mr. JACKS expressed great doubts, upon political
principles, as to the propriety of the proposed Ad-
dress ; but still he would not vote against it, although
he could not think it necessary •to interfere, knowing,
as we did, the disposition of our own Government,
and assured, as every man must be, of the benevolent
character of the King of France, who had already
taken the most effectual measures in his power to
suppress the disturbances alluded to. This, indeed,
WAS evident from the Ordiiiance which his Majesty
'had published upon the subject, and the language of
which was peculiarly strong against the rioters.
Mr. Alderman HRYDATE was adverse to the policy
of interfering in the concerns of a foreign' govern-
ment, and the more so, because such interieience was
enerally found rather to produce mischief than good.
Indeed, whenever any Government interfered in fa-
vour of any class of the subjects of a Foreign State,
such interference was sure to do mischief, if it did not
produce good. The present, however, formed an
exception to the rule which lie was gererally willing
maintain, ftir France was peculiarly circumstanced.
By her own conduct she had been put out of the
pale of nations, but at length compelled to conforin
to the will of the civilised world. There wcte 15fogio
foreign troops in that country, under toe c tuain.t:.d of
the greatest General ef the age: those troops being
stationed there to maintain the pow.lr of the I:in.t,
and thy principles of the Constitutional Chart: r, which
the Allied Powers had guaranteed ct, Franc:.. New
the basis of that Charter was religious °len:lion, and
of course the Allies were bound td secure the enjoy-
ment of that toleration to the pzorle of France. Oi
course then this country was warranted in interfering
on the subject under consideration—and it was the
duty of that Court, as the greatest public body in
the Empire, s.:cond to the Parliament, to declare its
opinion to the world wgaihst the persecution of
our Protestant brethren in Fr AfICC.-•.(II.-ar, hear.)—
The necessity of such a decl 'ration he felt the more
as there could be no doubt of the exisnnce of perse-
cution—he had indeed, since he came ant.) the Hall,
been favoured with a letter from Mr. Morgan, the
Secretary of the Committee of Dissen.ing Ministers,
stating that further aud most authentic information
had been received by that Committee since the pub-
ligation of its Report, with regard to the persecution
of the Protestants in France., which information not
only confirmed the statement which that Report con.
tained, but communicated many facts of a still more
aggravated character. On those grounds he should
vote for the motion, in the hope that the Addreu
would be no censure upon the French Government ;
for lie felt that there was no proof whatever that any
blame attached to that Government. with respect to
the proceedings complained of, or that Louis XVIII.
had, in his conduct on the occasion, departed in the
least degree from the principles of benevolence and
justice which distinguished his character. •
Mr. DORNFORD supported the motion. •
Mr. Warrnmax, in his reply, animadverted upon
what he called the ill-timed levity of the Honourable
Member (Mr. Dixon), who had in this instance eb.
deavoured to be witty and to joke. But Ore Hon.
Member ought rather to have reserved such endeavour
for a different opportunity, than *obtrude it on any
occasion of such grave importance. when
,that Ae.l
sembly was about to make a Declaration calculated
to give a tone to the country, and he hoped to come
the protection of many thousands of our Protestant
brethren. The worthy Member then adverted to the
observations of Alderman Heygate, who, it appeared,
broadly avowed the interference of this c..untry in the
internal concerns of France, and the forcing the esta-
blishment of a Constitution at the point of the bayonet.
This Constitution too, it seemed to the worthy Alder-
man, this country and its Allies were bound to main-
tain. If so, then according to the worthy Alder-
man's principles, the Court would be warranted in
calling on our Government to employ the Duke of
Wellington's army, if necessary, to prevent the per-
secution of the Protestants in France. Yet, in ano-
ther part of the speech of the worthy Alderman, a
doubt was expressed as to the propriety of interfering
iu the concerns of France, because he relied so much
upon the disposition of Louis XVIII. whose disposi-
tion by the way had been very ineffective for the pro-
tection of the French Protestants.
Alter a few words from Mr. GaIFFITHS, aid an
exploleetion from Air. Alderman HEYGIATZ, who ex.
pressed an algwersauce of was and persecution, the
motioa was adopted and the Address sr eed to yids-
oat a disseatips plc&
