COMMERCIAL TREATY WITH BRAZIL.

The following is an extract from the treaty of com-
merce with Brazil, from which it would appear that she
treaty cannot be strictly said to expire next month, bin
that it is only subject at that date to the revision and
examination of the contracting- parties. It is clear,
however, that any ill-will on the part of Brazil created
towards this country by a delay of recognition or the
intrigues of a third Power, might render the terms
synonymous, and lead to the extinction of our commer-
cial advantages:—
ARTICLE 33 OF THE TREATY OF COMMERCE BETWEEN
GREAT BRITAIN AND BRAZIL.
di But the tw•o high contracting pasties do reserve to
acmselves the tight of jointly examining and revising
the several articles of this treaty at the expiration of 15
yearv, counted in the first instance from the date of the
exchange of the ratification thereof ; awl of then pro-
posing, discussing, and making such amendments or
additions as the real interests of their tespective subjects
may sects to require. It being understood, that any
stipulation which at the petiod of revision .of the treaty
shall be objected to by either of the high contracting_
parties, slu.sil be considered as suspended in its operation
until the discussion concerning that stipulation shall be
terminated, due notice being previously given to the
other contracting party of the intended suspension of
such stipulation, fur the purpose of avoiding mutual;
inconventence.
The treaty was signed at Rio de Janeiro on the 19th
of February, 1810, and was to take effect from the date
of his Britannic Majesty's tatification thereof; the mu-
tual exchange was to take place in London within four
months, or sooner if possible.

THE CAUSE OF TIM SPANISH AND DALIAN

REFUGEES.

Yesterday, a Meeting of the inhabitants of the Ward
of Bishopsgate took place, at the School-house, in con-
sequence of the following requisition, which was-signed
by a great number of the inhabitants:—
~6 To Sir Rscuain C. Gsrn, Bart. Alderman of the Ward of
Bishopsgate' or his Deputies.
" Sza—We, the undersigned Inhabitants of the above Ward, re-
quest you will convene a Meeting of the Ward, on an early day, to
take Into consideration the propriety of making a Collection through-,
out the Ward, in aid of the fund now raising to relieve the dis-
tressed Spanish and Italian Refugees in this country."
Mr. Deputy GR-RENAWAY, in consequence of the ab-
sence of Sir R. C. Gum who was obliged to attend his
public duties at Guildhall, took the Chair at a little
after twelve o'clock.—He said it was with feelings of
the highest gratification he presided in the absence of
the Alderman, on an occasion which had so powerful a
claim upon the humanity of the people of England.—
He was proud that the inhabitants of Bishopsgate Ward
had always testified the strongest desire to interpose the
hand of charity, whenever misery made its appearance.
Perhaps the condition of the unfortunate men, whose
sufferings they were called together to pity and allevi.
ate, was one of the most powerful arguments that had
ever been used in an appeal to the benevolence of a free
and enlightened people—(Applause). The Ward of
Bishopsgate had, in the persons of some of its inhabi-
tants, already sent a contribution, which was added to
the fund, and he regretted that the example had not'
been followed by any other Ward in the City. He la-
- Mewed to see that the Meeting was so thinly attended ;
`beta he could not attribute that circumstance to any
filling off of the spirit which so rapidly and vigorously
_ :tri,rvaded all ranks of the people.
..Mr. WHITS was of opinion that many might have
staid away upon the presumption that, as the emergency
was great and notorious, there would be no occasion for
leaving private busineSs- to give a sanction which had
already been sufficiently testified by the voice of the
public. He had, he said, a resolution to propose to the
Meeting. To that resolution the Lord Mayor had ob-
jected at'the Wardmote on St. Thomas's Day, as his
Lordship thought the subject a deviation from the re-
gular course of proceeding. Ile now thought he might
submit the resolution, which he was sure could not be
objected to on any tenable grounds, for no one could
doubt that the unfortunate refugees had been the vic-
tims of the most detestable persecution, and that their
claims were heightened by the fact that they were
thrown into their present condition on account of the
:liable efforts they made for the redemption of their
country from slavery.
It was here suggested, that the resolution, as there
were some inhabitants of the Ward who might object to
iti would be more properly postponed.
Mr. KING declared, that he had learned, from Gen-
tlemen who had been a considerable time in Spain, that
the Refugees whom the Ward was called upon to assist;
were men of the most exalted characters.
- -Mr. CORDELL thought-the Meeting ought not to be
postponed. He hoped, that notwithstanding the ap-
parent apathy which prevailed, a full effect would be
given to the objects of it, and that a general and vigor-
ous excitement would be given to that public feeling
throughout the metropolis; for if the public feeling
were permitted to sleep, nothing could awake it to its
former energy and direction. Meetings would, he
• trusted, be held, not only in every Ward in the City, but
in every Parish in every part of the country, for the ser-
vice of individuals who were known to the world to
have suffered as patriots in their opposition to the most 1
galling and odious despotism and oppression, at which
from 4n nature had occasion to shudder.
Mr. KING said, that every one of the Refugees was
prevented, by the purity of his principles, from returning
to his native country, so long as it remained oppressed
by men whose authority was either openly aided or,
tacitly avowed.
'[be question was then postponed, upon the understanding that
tit is to be brought forward again.

The 20th ultimo there was a violent hurricane at
Copenhagen, between ten and eleven o'clock at night.
The sea rose to a great height, and laid the west side
of Amach under water.
One evening last week, an accident happened at the
Swrey Theatre, which had nearly proved tatal to Mr.
J. J. Smith, a performer belonging to the above Estab-
lishment. In one of the scenes in which he was per-
farming, a supernumerary presented a pi.tol at hi m and
tired it off, but, instead of firing it over the head of Mr.
smith, the contents went into his face, which caused an
immediate loss of sight : he has since placed himself
under-the care of Mr. Ware, the oculist, by whose con-
.
sum exertions he has partially recovered the sight of
one eye, bat the other is. irrecoverably lost. A similar
misfortune befel a Mr. Robert Honor, who has also lost
'his left eye,•and we can enumerate several perforrwrs
eitto have partially lost their sight, namely, Messrs.
Bradley, Hobbs, Yardley, and many others.
