or mAIDIZ AND COLONIZS.

The Beet is still detained by a fresh breeze from E.S.E. and rough
weather at sea. _ _ __ . __ . . .

May 25, half.past two o'clock p. tn.
The wind has just changed; it has veered to the west, and the
tied is about to get under weigh.
May 25, half-past three o'clock p. m.
A part of the fleet is under weigh ; a pretty breeze from the west.
May 25, five o'clock p. m.
The fleet is under weigh, with an appearance of good weather.
51. Adolph Bliley, secretary of embassy at Vienna, has arrived
in Paris, with despatches.
Very alarming reports have circulated to-day at the Exchange.
It was said that the presence of the troops ha not put a stop to
the incendiary crimes which are daily perpetrated in Normandy. The
irritation of the peasants is carried to thiiiit pitch,and is increased
by what they call the impunity of the culprits. Those simple men
cannot understand how so many functionaries,whose duty it is to main-
tain order and tranquillity, have not been able to discover the secret
springs of this infernal conspiracy ; they are desirous of seeing some
criminal of high rank brought before justice. They assert that cer-
tain individuals who had been taken into custody have been restored
to liberty very inconsiderately, and such discharges appear to them
rather extraordinary. The most horrid suspicions, which men in
cool blood would never have conceived, have gained credit amongst
the unfortunate beings reduced to despair ; but two different rumours
have been spread.
According to sonic, seven or eight individuals who had been ar-
rested as incendaries;and had recovered their liberty by order of the
authorities, would have been massacred by the peasants. According
to others, the soldiers themselves, to whom had been confided the
custody of the above individuals, having let them escape, had be-
come the real victims of the fury of the people.
We have endeavoured to arrive at the origin of this news, by
questioning several merchants whose relations are principally at the
theatre of these events, but none of them had received letters with
such news. However, we are informed that the third battalion of
the sth regiment of the Guard leR Rouen at four o'clock in the
morning for Lisieux : it will probably be directed towards the dis-
tricts of Lower Normandy, which have suffered most. We are also
informed, that a regiment of the Guard had left, or bad received or-
ders to leave, the neighbourhood of Paris this very day. The Jour-
nal du Havre announces also, that the 43d Regiment of the Line,
commanded by Colonel de Latour du Pin, had arrived there, to re-
place the 12th Regiment, which had set off for Caen and Lower
Normandy.
We do not know if the movements of the troops are the conse-
quence of the primitive orders, or if new facts have made them ne-
cessary. The Moniteur will probably inform us soon how the case
stands. The anxiety evinced at the Exchange was sufficiently evi-
dent to have been observed by the Gazette, though it speaks of it
only as being very absurd ; but it is not disdain that puts an end to
such slams. A detailed report on the number and importance of
the establishments reduced to ashes, on the measures taken to put
an end to such crimes, on the number of those who had been ar-
rested, and on the motives which have caused the escape of some,
would be much more efficacious.---Jouna, du Commerce.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, MAY 29.

THE KING.

6, WINDSOR CASTLE, MA? 29, 1890.
"The Kiri° has passed a tranquil night; but his MA.
Jas symptoms have undergone no change."

(Signed)

" HENRY HALFORD.
" MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

This day despatches were received at the Colonial
Office from Bermuda and Halifax in Nova Scotia. Those
from Bermuda are dated the 24th of April, and those
from Halifax are dated the 10th of May.
Letters have also been received from Tobago, St.
Kitt's, Burbadoes, Sierra Leone, Demerara, Malta,
Jamaica, Mauritius, and the Cape of Good Hope.

The importance of the Greek question in its relation
with the general tranquillity of Europe, will be a suffi-
cient excuse for our offering a few additional remarks on
the subject to-day. We do so for the purpose of again
calling the attention of Government to the memoir of
General CHURCH from which we gave such ample ex-
tracts yesterday. A second perusal of this interesting
statement convinces us, that it cannot be read by any
impartial observer without producing the same effect on
him as it has on ourselves. The Gallant General
proves to demonstration that the boundary of Arta and
Volo, is quite as necessary to the Turks as to the Greeks,
►ince it ►would be impossible to maintain peace without this
lino. On the other hand, it is evident that nothing short
of this boundary will satisfy the Greeks. The cense-
quences of Prince LEOPOLD proceeding to Greece, when
the people could not divest themselves of the idea that he
sanctioned the restricted line, may be readily imagined.
Under all the circumstances of the case, we shall not
cease to press the necessity of revising the boundary line ;
convinced as we are, that such a measure is indispensable
to the final settlement and pacification of Greece. Should
Ministers require any information either as to the military
topography of Acarnania, or the territory extending from
A►gyro Castro to Volo, they will do well to consult
Colonel LEAXE, confessedly the best informed person we
mold name on the subject of Greece generally. This
distinguished officer was for many years resident at
Joannina, and is well known by several able literary
Productions. His sketch of the Greek revolution is de-
servedly considered as one of the most impartial and au-
thentic which has appeared.
We had written thus far, when the Morning Papers,
containing a portion of the documents presented to the
Upper House last night, were put into our hands. 'Mese
are of the highest interest, and we only regret that we
have neither time nor space for attending to them to-day.
the two on which public attention will doubtless be
Principally fixed, are, the letter addressed by Prince LEO-
POLD to Lord A BERDZIEN on the 21st inst. and the memoir
of the Greek Senate, dated at Napoli on the 10th of
April. The latter is admirably drawn up, and cannot
tail to produce a powerful effect on the Cabinets. Sure
ws are, that it will excite the warmest sympathy

throughout Europe. It is moat grateful to our own feel-
ings to be enabled to lay the following short extract,
confirmatory of the sentiments we have repeated, both in
public and private, during the last three years, before
our readers :

" Upon the continent the provinces which, with a population of
about 100,000 souls are to be detached from the new Orcek state,
have often opposed a barrier to the devastating torrent of the Ot-
toman troops. Upon the sea, the Island of Candle, which
has been exposed during nine years to all the calamities of
war,—Samos, where the enemy's forces have so often been
repulsed,—lpsara and Canoe, which did not fall until after an he.
role resistance,—have acted as so many bulwarks against the fleets
of Byzantium and Alexandria. With what feelings will the inha-
bitants of these unhappy countries see that they, the first defenders
of the cause, sink again into slavery, while their companions in battle
are restored to liberty ? Ought the one to be torn away from a
soil which the Turks have never dared to tread, and the other from
a land stained with their blood, which recalls the recollection
of glorious victories, and the names of their most illustrious chiefs ?
Is it not to be feared that, in the excess of their despair, they should
renew the bloody scenes of Missolonghi and Ipsara ? We know the

enthusiasm with which the inhabitants of these countries are attached
to their native soil,—we know, also, the character of these warlike
races, and we shudder to think that the massacre of a whole people
may soon afflict the compassionate minds pf the august Sovereigns
who protect us." _ _ _

We hope to lay the whole of these invaluable docu-
ments before our readers on Monday next.

Mr. O'CONNELL, last night, brought forward his
motion for Radical Reform, consisting of universal suf-
frage, triennial Parliaments, and voting by ballot. Lord
Jorrx RUSSELL, who spoke early in the debate, ad-
mitted the defects of the present system, but objected to
the proposed remedy, and detailed a plan of his own,
which he meant to submit to the House. In this plan he
proposes to increase the number of representatives by
extending the right of representation to several large'
manufacturing and commercial towns, increasing the
number of representatives for certain great and populous
towns and cities, and dividing certain large and
populous counties into two parts, each of them returning
two members. To obviate the inconvenience arising from

the increased number of members, he proposes that
a number of boroughs, not exceeding 60, and not con-
taining more than 2,500 inhabitants, shall severally re-
turn only one member in future, and that a compensation
in money be made to them for this reduction. Mr.
O'Cortx ELL'. motion was negatived on a division by a
majority of 319 to 13 ! Lord JOHN RUSSELL'S motion
for extending the elective franchise, was then put, and
lost also, the numbers being,—Ayes 117, Noes 213. It
is to be much regretted that the friends of reform do not
come to an understanding among themselves upon some
precise plan and mode of operation for carrying it into
effect, either by introducing the whole subject at once, or
in parts, which latter course has been adopted in the legal
reforms now in progress. The division upon Lord Join,'
RUSSELL'S motion shows that temperate reform has a
strong support in the House of Commons. If the spirit
of the people, in which it has its rise, does not rapidly ex-
tend itself, it will be the fault of those who undertake its
management and direction. While, therefore, we give
Mr. O'Con NELL credit for good intentions, we think he
is much to blame in either not having previously con-
sulted his friends upon his motion, or bringing it forward
contrary to their advice. Indeed, he differed not only
from his friends but from himself ; for though be advo-
cated triennial Parliaments last night, he could not forget
that he lately recommended biennial Parliaments at the
great Reform Meeting in the City-road. This uncer-
tainty and want of concord among the friends of reform,
must operate injuriously by depresssing the spirit of the
people, and distracting their attention.

of a political meeting at the Mar•

quiz of LA ST SDOW N E's, for the purpose of organizing a
regular opposition in Parliament, has excited alarm among
the partizans of the Minister. An evening paper says it
would be absurd, the Duke of WELLINGTON being so
strong, " it is morally impossible that an organized party
can exist against him." A constitutional opposition is
so good a thing, it is worth while to make the at-
tempt, although it should prove abortive. We do
not, however, see any great difficulty in the un-
dertaking, or augur so unfavourably of the result,
and should wish to know the grounds upon which
this adverse opinion rests. It cannot surely be said that
there is no talent, no pure and independent spirit in either
House while we see in the Lords a LANSDOWNE, a Hot.-
LAND, a GREY, and many others of the same political

principles; and in the Commons a BROUGHAM, an
ALTHORPE, a RUSSELL, &c. If the elements of an
opposition be not wanting, where is the insurmountable
barrier to their being moulded into form with unity of
action and of spirit The very reason assigned for the
impracticability of such a plan, namely, the extraordinary
power of the Minister, is the strongest argument that
could be possibly adduced in its favour. It would be
sufficient to enlist, not only the noble and distinguished
individuals whom we have mentioned against him, but
every man of spirit, or possesing a stake in the country.
Mr. Col rt Iwo contrived to conciliate and neutralise

party spirit by compromising with the principles and
views of the opposition. The present Minister and his
friends, by becoming Proselytes to Catholic Emancipa-
tion, have benefitted by the same policy. The inde-
pendent portion of the Parliament would have no reason
to oppose a Minister who accommodates himself to its
views,—a unanimity thus effected is not, however, the
ilresult of power but of weakness, and when the Minister
changes his system, the unanimity must cease. Serious
signs of the near approach of this crisis have lately ma-
nifested themselves in both Houses. The interests of
the country require it. Power has a tendency to abuse,
and the people naturally become dissatisfied when they
have no party in Parliament operating u a check upon
the Minister. Without such protection they would be dis-
satisfied with the mildest and most moderate administra-
tion. Could they then be at ease in such • defence-1
less situation with one of high chime and terrifying
inactions, such as the! present Minister is described by

' his partisan in the evening paper which we have quoted.
That a regular opposition to them is forming we sincerely
rejoice —That it will be a formidable one we have no
doubt, for never did Parliament contain materials of
better quality, nor the country a Minister whose conduct
should be watched with greater vigilance and jealousy.

By the arrival of the Isabella from China, we have
Canton papers to a late date. We are happy to find in
them some indications of a favourable change in the pro-
ceedings of the Chinese Government; and a hope is
now entertained that the demands of the factory, and
English and foreign merchants, would ultimately be
complied with.

Port au Prince papers to the 29th March, New Or-
leans to the 9th April, New Brunswick to the 2d May,
and Prince Edward Islands to the sth May, have been
received this morning. The New Brunswick paper of
the Ist May announces the arrival of the President. No
other news of importance is conveyed by these arrivals.
There are late arrivals from India this morning—the
Papers from Madras being to the 14th February, and
from Bengal to the 2nd. According to a native paper, a
petition in favour of the revolting Suttee, awaited the ar-
rival of Lord WILLIAM BENTINCK, at Benares ; and
another petition was in progress against removing these
obstacles, which at present prevent colonization and the
cultivation of land by Europeans. It appears that the
Supreme Government had resolved to restore to the King
of QuEDA the stipend which he had formerly enjoyed, of
2,000 rupees per month ; and the Government has no de-
sire to prevent his residing at Penang.

The new party formed in the House of Lards has al-
ready found a decided organ in a Morning Paper, which
has, during the last ten months, been as decidedly fa-
vourable to the WELLINGTON Cabinet. So much for
the purity of the Public Press!

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

This day being a holiday, the Bank, Stock Exchange, and Fu:
reign Market, are shut, as well as the Royal Exchange, until after
twelve o'clock; consequently, no business or speculation is going
forward, till admission is given to the speculators and jobbers at the
opening of the 'Change.
At present Consols are at the same price. They left off yester.
day at 921 to 93 for the Account, and 9281 for Money.
Our arrivals this day are numerous, particularly from the East
Indies; we have also a Lisbon Mall, brought by the Stanmer,
sailed on the 23d My; and a Halifax Mail by the Frolic, sailed
10th My; and for Bermuda 23th April.
The Hebrews' holidiy will not end till this evening; few of
them are expected to attend to business.

HALF.PAST ONE.

Since the opening of the Royal Exchange a number of speculators
and jobbers have assembled there, but not the least business is
doing. Consols remain at the clueing prise of yesterday 921 to 93
for the Account, and 921 t for Money.
There is also a stagnation in the Foreign Securities, with the ex•
option of Greek Bonds, which have receded to 31 to t, a fall
since yesterday's leaving-of' price of about 1 and t per cent. Spanish
iot to; ; all the other prices of Foreign Stocks may be quoted as
yesterday.

The information of the sailing of the expedition to Algiers, and
the disturbances in Normandy, excites some attention. In regard
to the former, we may expect to hear of their landing on the African
coast the end of next week.

THE KING.

Mr. BRODIE left the Palace between eight and nine
o'clock yesterday morning, and ►Sir MATTHEW TIER-
NEY at ten o'clock. Both these gentlemen were ex-
pected to return last night to the Palace, and sleep there.
Sir HENRY HALFORD was in attendance on his MA-
JESTY during the day. At the King's Palace, St.
James's, the Earl of FIFE was Lord, and Sir WILLIAM
Lv M LEY the Groom, in waiting. The inquirers were
numerous.

- 4
' epe
fri:2lC4/168116.3
44." t 0, c Cue AT S
