FOREIGN FUNDS.

Very little business doing in the above Market this morning.—
Cutvent Prices :—New Spanish 186. Old 24, Colombian 68k to
69, Chilian 80k to 81, Russian 941, Austrian 10, New Prussian
9.1 i to t, Old 951 French Scrip 11 pre. Hullett's Mexican Mines
par to I pre. Anglo 86, Neapolitan 86k, Gretk 41 to

FOREIGN EXCHANGES.

AMSTERDAM, Frs. W.—Exchange en L0nd0n,39.6. 2 M. 39. 4.
FEB. 17.—0 n London, 36. 75. 36. 101.
PrrEftssuran, Fri. 3.—On London, 9. 5; Paris, 99. 5.
',mew, Frs. 13.—0 n London, 3 M. 6.19.5.
BERLIN, Frs. 14.—0 n London, 3 M. 7. 15.
PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 23814 23+ %
3 per Cent. Reduced 9214 34
3 per Cent. Cons. 91% V 2-314 per Cent. 101
4 per Cts. Old 102%8 3/4-1 per Cts. N. 107 106 Y 8 107
Bank Long Anus. 22 9.16 11-16
India Stock 2771/4—lndia Bonds 78s. 795.
ELcliequer Bills (E 1,000) 4.4 s 47s.—Small 435. 475.
Consols for Account 911 yi

It does not require any profound knowledge of hu-
man nature, to have observed that those who are the
most ignorant are frequently the most violent in their

opinions. It is upon this principle only that we can

understand the obloquy which has been heaped upon
Earl BAntunsr, with reference to the present condition
of West India affairs. His Lordship has recommended
for adoption by the Colonial Legislature; certain mea-
sures which had for tbeh object the melioration of the
condition of the slave population in the West Indies. It
is asserted by many, that he has recommended these *llea-

sures without having had a due regard to the interests of the
Planters and the West India Merchants, and without hav-
ing sufficiently informeclhimself as to theptacticability of
those measures. It. will not be difficult to expose the folly
of this sweeping censure, or to demonstrate that those
who advance the assertion are necessarily destitute of
proof. For instance, what can be more absurd than to,
view the measures in question as emanating from his'
Lordship alone? Is it to be believed that all the Cabinet
Ministers have been so remiss in their duty to•their
country, as to have suffered one of their body, unaided
by their advice, and unauthorised by their sanction, to
take upon himself to adopt measures which were to
have an importantsiOluence on hundreds of thousands
of British subjects,..und on millions of British capital,
and which consequently mustliave involved the deepest
commercial, financial, and political considerations?—
This is an obvious absurdity. Where, then, is the sense
of viewing these measures as though the undivided re-
sponsibility attached itself to Lord BATHURST ? So
much, then, for the reasonableness of the abuse which is
levelled against his Lordship.
At the present critical state of affairs, Parliament
seems pretty unanimous in its approval of the silence
hitherto preserved by Government. There can, how-
ever, be no doubt that, if necessary, Lord Bansuarr
and Mr. CANNING will cheerfully explain the prin-
ciples upon which the Cabinet have founded the
measures which have been taken in obedience to the
Resolutions of the House of Commons ; but the pre-
sent remarks are only intended to point . out the igno-
rant injustice displayed in the Colonial Journals and
elsewhere, where Lord BATHURST is singled out for
violent abuse, as though he had exercised, or had
even possessed, an undivided jurisdiction over the Colo-
nies. It appears to be almost forgotten by some parties,
that it is no longer ago than last May, that the House
of Commons came unanimously to a Resolution that
it was necessary that decisive measures should be
adopted for the melioration of the condition of the
Slave population in the West Indies. His Majesty's
Ministers were pledged to Parliament and the Public
to give effect to that resolUtion. Decisive measures
were adopted, and a prodigious clamour has, in
consequence, been raised in the West Indies, and, by
what is termed the West India Party, in London. Now,
without any reference to the policy or impolicy of these
measures, and concerning which little has as yet been
officially made public, we would caution our Readers
against a too ready acquiescence in the clamour of
the West Indians. We disclaim all connection with
the enthusiasts of the day. But, at all events, it is indis-
pensable to the ends of justice, that the public opinion
should be suspended until something more definitive
is known. The suggestions of those who have so much
at stake as the Planters and the West India Merchants,
were undoubtedly entitled to great consideration. In-
deed, we n ill go the length of saying, that a due regard
to their just pretensions has not been paid, if their sen-
timents upon the subject of meliorating the condition of
the Slave Population have not been allowed every rea-
sonable weight in the Counsels of Government. But
who is prepared to say that they have not ? or, who
knows to what an extent their representations have been
listened to, or even, perhaps, acted upon? As to these
latter points, we confess our complete ignorance ; al-
though we cannot doubt but that Ministers must have
duly e.timated the just claims of the West Indians. But
until these points are fully ascertained—until it is known
to what extent their representations have been listened
to, or their suggestions adopted, how obvious is the ab-
surdity of assuming that Ministers have not paid a due

regard to the interests of the PlanteriAnd the West India
Merchants?
We have heard much of late on the subject of fret
judging, but we doubt whether anyilring snrpasset.ll*
absurdity of the present case.—For ourselves, .‘rs feel
no disquicode as to the event, when more shall be)
known of the real nature of the measures which have
been taken by Ministers. If the complaints of the West
Indians be strictly and impartially judged, our confi-
dence in the enlightened policy of the Ministers of the
present day, and in the matured judgment and dispas-
sionate views of the Secretary of State for the Colonies,
leave us no anxiety as to the result.

We announced on Saturday the commencement o'
hostilities against the Dey of A LGI CRS. The cause is
the refusal of satisfaction for some proceedings, not
specified in the Gazette, but which, we believe, consisted
in an insult to the English Consul, besides an infraction
of the Treaty by which the Dey had engaged to make
no Christian Slaves. Captain SPENCER, of the NA I A D,WhO
was sent to remonstrate with the Regency, finding nego-
ciation useless, struck the English flag, took our Consul
on board, and, having afterwards met with an Algerine
corvette, conceived that he was acting in the spirit of hi,
instructions to attack her. She was accordingly laid on
board and captured in the most handsome manner, by his
Majesty's brig CAMELION, when Captain SPENCER had
the satisfaction to find that he had rescued seventeen
Spaniards,whom the Algerines were carrying into slavery.
Proofs have thus been obtained, that the Algerines have
broken the treaty, on the close fulfilment of which de-
pended their existence as a State. It is surprising that
they should so soon have forgotten the chastisement in-
flicted upon them by the valour of British seamen; but it
behoves us to render it impossible for them to be guilty
a second time of a similar act of forgetfulness.

We have received, since our last, the Paris Papers of
Friday and Saturday, and (by an Express to•day) the
Etoile of yesterday. The Journal des Debats accompa-
nies the translation which it gives of the King of SPA I N'S
last Decree with some observations, the concluding one
of which is highly important, for it contains an assur-
ance that, whatever may be the effect of the new mea-
sure, France will not interfere. This assurance is thus

worded
As to France, certain of having nobly discharged her duty
towards Spain and the other Powers of Europe, she will wait in
peace the result of events, and of the reciprocal benevolent dis-
positions by which all Cabinets, without a single exception, are
animated. She thus obtains the most worthy recompense of her
enterprise against the Spanish Revolutionists; for she doubly
proves that she has only fought for the welfare of society and the
peace of the world."

The Quetidienne announces that FERDINAND had
appointed M. PAEZ de la CADENA his Minister at our
Court, and that this new Envoy was expected at Bone-
deaux. It also says that the Duke of S.tx CARLOS, the
Spanish Ambassador at Paris, was on the eve of re-
pairing to London on a secret mission, after which he
would immediately return to the French capital.
The following statement in the Etoile is a revival o
an old rumour, and, as far as Lord BERESFORD is con-
cerned, is, we are convinced, without foundation :

. .
" Letters from Lisbon, of the 4th of this month, an.
nounce, that an expedition is preparing in that port for
Brazil ; the troops, which are stated at 12.000 mew
will be commanded, it is said, by Lord Beresford."
The following extracts are from the Aloniteur :
PARIS, FEBRUARY 21.

The Trident, of seventy-four guns, sailed from Brest
on the 15th inst. for Martinique, with troops. The
same day the brig Lancier, sailed for the Brazils.

Lieutenant-General Count Guilleminot, Ambassador
to the Porte, is to leave Paris in the present month, to
assume his station at the Turkish Court.

The EMPEROR of Bitazit,when he dissolved the late.
Legislative Assembly, assured his people that he in-
tended, nevertheless, very shortly to give them a Con•
stitution which would place their freedom and indepen-
dence on the most solid bask. The promise4as sneered'
at by some of our contemporaries, as entitled to no re-
gard, and the speedy re-union of the Brazilians to the
mother country was anticipated as a thing of course-
But a few short months, however, have elapsed, and
we have before us the project of a Constitution, which
has been organized by the Brazilian Council of State,
on bases proposed by the EMPEROR; and of so liberal
a character is this project, that even the Times confesses
it is " a convincing proof of the good faith of the EM-
PEROR, and a justification of what at first appeared an
act of arbitrary violence!'
We find in it none of the assumptions of the Holy
Alliance with respect to the origin of legitimate power,
and no apparent desire on his part to retain so large a
portion of it in his own hands as he might have done
without any imputation on his character for liberality
and justice. In the twelfth Article, for instance, he de-
clares that " all the powers in the Empire of Brazil are
delegations front the nation." The disposition too
which he was suspected to entertain, of re-uniting Bra..
zil with Portugal, seems to be expressly contradicted
by the first Article, in which he renounces even any
" federation" inconsistent with perfect independence.—
The most important facts, 'therefore, which we leain
from this document, are, the resolution of the EMPEROR
to muintain the independence of Brazil ; the establish.
ment of elective deliberative assemblies, to aid him in
the government of his people, and to act as checks on
the power of his Ministers. Into the details of the sys-
tem by which he proposes to accomplish these ends, it
is unnecessary to enter. We agree with a Morning con-
temporary, that, for a fundamental law, the project is
somewhat too long and too theoretical ; yet we view it
trim the whole with satisfaction, as furnishingaaground-

work on which a system of Government nt
be reared, exceeded only by our own in prat
ince and utility.

The following Proclamation, which we es.
the Hamburgh Botsetr Hall List of the 16th,
••tar contrast to the matter of the precedi

rastaph :

lI.%MBURGII, FEBRUARY it.
The following has betn sent Us far insertion:
"t. A. Ramos Nobre, Chute d'Affdires of his

Majesty, hereby gives notice, that the King of the United
of Portugal, L'razil, and Algarve, will never recognize
any kind of Treaty, or Convention, which the present '
at Ilio de Janeiro may make, in order to obtain a I

every Convention of that kind, whatever may be
or pledge an which it is founded, will be considered
null and void. Ile further gives notice, that Pernatm
gold dust, and precious stones from Brazil, are ezclusir
ing to the Crown of l'ortugal, which may be at all '
by his Majesty, when they have not been sold on accovi
order of his Government; for which reasoh,any cont-
must be considered as illegal which offers these articl.
rity, since, as regalia of the Crown, they belong exclusb
Most Faithful Majesty."

A Mail from Holland has arrived to-da
pers to the 21st instant. The following art
FROM THE MAINE, FEBRUARY
Three public teachers, one of whom is t
Mecklenburg!), and the two others of Sa
been arrested at Fi ankfort, at the desire of
Authorities. After having been examined befs
ti al Committee at Mayersce, charged with the
tic))) of the revolutionary intrigues in Germat
delivered up, and were sent to Berlin, eae
rate carriage, attended by a Prussian C;
Prussian Subaltern Officer.

The Editor of the Village Gazette, ai
hausen, has received orders not to meddle
or only to copy verbatim articles from 01
Journals, without adding reflections or
any kind.
The Elector of Hesse Cassel his issues.
nance, by which the estates of the Eittestri,
which have hitherto been exempt from
henceforth contribute their share to the put
The Russian Government has taken me,
ward, with all possible speed, the dispatch(
to send to M. Mensiacky, at C(ostartinop
to be sent direct to the Governor of Nei
Odessa, to be forwarded without delay
nople. Relays of horses are to be, ready on I
Odessa to St. Petersburgh, for the hearers
patches. This chews what importance the
Petersburgh attaches to the mission of M,
The differ, nceA heOreen the late Sir T.
Prince Maurocordato are undecided. The
manded the release of the Turkish prisoners
the lonian territory, and conveyed to Missoli
Maurocordato refuses to comply, because
to pursue the Turks where they had fled,
taken on a spot entirely uninhabited.
vernor wrote Co his Court. on the subject
affair remains undecided till the answ(
from London.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ini
a proposition this day, in a Committee of
Commons, on the subject of the old, and
four per Cents. as erroneously stated in
public Journals. According to the compact
tureen the Government and the holders of .
Cents. Reduced some time ago, no further
can take place in that. Stock for the ensuinf
The other four per Cent. Stock amounts
MILLIONS.

Saturday the Cabinet. Ministers assemblt.
to summons, at the Secretary of State's Office, Downing-iirect,
continued above two hoists in discussion. Earl Ras
cretary of State for the Colonial Department, I
Council the Dispatches respecting the affair at Algiers;
brought by an Miter early on Saturday morning.
Saturday afternoon, Pilnce LEDPOLD
residence of his Royal Sister, the Duelteils of Ktier,
Palace, Kensington, to dinner, from Claremont
Royal Highness accompanied- the Duchess of Karr
chess of Wait= to the Italian Opera.
Yesterday morning Prince LEOPOLD atteni
Service at the King's Royal German Chapel,
by the Rev. Dr. Knees.
His ExcellenCy the Prince POLIGNAC
siness this afternoon with Mr. Secretary CANNIAG,
Office, in Downiiirstreet.
Saturday morning the Duke of CLA alum-
from the residence of Sir > icMaao )(Ears, at Greenwich,
wich, where his Royal Highness inspected the Corps of
rines, and returned to the residence of Sir Rico*,
Greenwich, to dinner. Yesterday, at three &cloak,
arrived in London, and a little before five o'clock I
Palace, at Kensington, where his Royal Highness
by his Duchess on his return to Bushy Park.
His Royal Highness the Duke of CAI
vernor-General of Hanover, returned on the tit
hover, from his visit to Strelitr, Bolin, and Brunswi
Highness the Duchess was expected from /Watt the,
The Duke of SUSSEX had a large part
terday, at Kensington Palace.
Yesterday, the CHANCELLOR of the Exci
a grand dinner.to.tbe nuke of Yong:. The Duke
the 'Marquis of ilaarroan, and Sir lIERSEST Tal
party to meet his Royal Highness.
The i‘larquis of LA N.si)ow.x entertained
and a large party of Noblemen and Gentlemen to
at Lausdutvu House, Berkeley-square.
14prd CARRINtiTON entertained his Exc.
Faust., and a distinguished party, to dinner yesterda,
Whitehall-yard.
The Marquis of CHOLNIONDELEY had
an Saturday, at Cholmovideley House, Piccadilly,
• . Saturday Lord GuaNvit.t.is horses
be embarked for the Netherlands, whither his Lorilshij
proceed on his newly appointed Entbas,y.
Lord MANDEVILLE at present occupies
on the West .Cliff. Brighton.
The Lunn MAYou gate a grand dinner
to his Royal Highness the;Duke of Su ssix and. a large
whom were General Mina, General Quiroga and
reigners ; Lord Nugent, Mr. Hume, M.P. bit.
Denman, M.P. Mr. Creevey, M.P. Mr. lialdim.
Ellice M.P. Col. Palmer, M.P. Mr. Alderman V
Lord KING had a grand dinner party
at his house in Dover-street; among whom were
Lord ELLENBULSOLtaII, the At• Alt ELIJ,

lay hereafter
actical excel-
lif
extract from
Gth, presents Prell
preceding pa.
• • . Palo
t. the be
t ion •
,fit
a Most Faithrid e ely
nited Kingdoms the C
gnize or execute Pais
eut Government
a loan ; but that Nitt
be the security sfr'
1 by his Majesty 10 tOv
rnambu'co woodi
elusively htlong. at the
1 times claimed
account and by Wt se C
Intract for a 1024 a vies
rticles as a stew gai"
xclusively to his °Or'
sbeatl
ay, with Pa. a shll
le extracts: certai
Y Iw
shiß's
vrhici
; a native of
corm
Saxony, have A
the
an
ac'ert
i:nlitvjaehre:esstuCe;peti fOreil
n. their
shotil
plian
toll)
;aptain and a • Ti
agaii
at Ilildhurg- a• Ft co
with politics, of M
other German • twee
comments of thef
It*c
• ed an onion. PI
Gab:
estrian Order, Wor
taxes, shall COaC
üblic burdens. 'by a
easures to for-
and
vain
:es it may have died
tale. They are in tl
:ar Russia', at F,
r to Constanti- fall
I the road from for
tray
3 of these dis. was
Cabinet of St. 'at a
Menziacky. was
Maitland and "
l'he former de-
was
test
flers taken in
fror
he had aright past
, and they were met
con'
The late Go- drif
ject, and the Mai
Per is received
fitt
at
this
ntends to make Try
of the House of bee
fur;
d not the new, lilt
several of the ere
pact made be- the
of the four per' hpt
ther alteration
ling five years. 14 res
:
is to &VENT! %le
Pei
bled, agreeably tit
owning-street, and ha
BATHURST, as Se-
, laid before the
is 1
leers, winch were
arrived at the km
tor, in the King's VC
n; afterwards his
:tom and the Du- 0
tttended Divine Pv
od heard a sermon
111
transacted bit- at
am, at the Fa -riga
Inc E procee Jed
eenwich, to Wool-
:orps of Itwyal Ma- a
ICU* RD KEATS, at
:k, the Royal Dake
It left for the King's
is was accompanied
a
AMBRIDGE, Gn.
ith instant to Ha-
iswick. Her Royal
the week fullowinz.
ty to dinner 3 ea-
XCIIEQUER gave
1
ke of NV KLI.INGTO,
A ytoz, were of the 1
d General MINA
to dinner yesterday,
xcellenty Baton
terday, at his house,
d a dinner party
left London, to
i.ordship willsDurdy
es Albiou House,
ner on Saturday,
large party; amongst
and some other fc-
Scariett, 111. P. Mr.
,disnaid, M.P. Mr.
n Wood, Il.l'. &c.
r on Wednesday,
v the Earl of CLA RE,
Mr. and lia.
