SPAIN.

BILBOA, OCTOBER 1 e.

The following is a copy of a letter addressed by the
English Colonel who accompanies General Blake's
army, to the Deputies of the Lordship of Biscay.
The noble sentiments with which he is anxious to in-
spire the Deputies will doubtless have the desired
effect ; and they already swear to avenge the insults
offered to the poorest Bi.scayan peasaint ' • for there is
not a calamity of any deseription, which this province
has not suffered from those who call themselves the
regenerators and friends of Spain
" In the character of an Officer sent by the British
Government to give every possible aid to the glorious
cause of the good Patriots, I have the honour to ad-
dress myself to you, in the absence of the English
Generals Broderick and Leith, who will soon be here,
and to offer you my most sincere congratulations up-
on the happy event of your deliverance from a wicked
and perfidious enemy, who, under the mask of friend-
ship, attempted to invade your most sacred rights,
and to impose upon you the yoke of slavery. Bilboa
is now free, and its territory protected by a formi-
dable army. But its greatest security consists in the
difficulties and embarrasments to which the enemy is
reduced, and the impossibility of repeating his cruel-
ties in this province. His iniquities have reached
their highest pitch. The torch of desolation and de-
struction with which he ravaged so many innocent
provinces is extinguished. The finishing blow is on
the point of being given to all his enormities. He is
surrounded on all sides by armies of unequalled bra-
very and enthusiasm, who have sworn in the presence
of the God of Armies not to lay down their arms
until they have annihilated those who have insulted
the God of Truth and his Holy Religion. Those
violators and assassins of so many innocent families,
now find themselves reduced to the last extremity,
and are retreating to the fortresses, where they expect
to delay that just vengeance from which they cannot
es ca "
The happy moment has arrived when the noble
Biscayners may take part in the common cause, and
draw the sword in defence of their religion, their
liberty, and their beloved country, manifesting to the
whole world, that it had hitherto remained in the
scabbard only from the imperious necessity of the
circumstances wherein they were placed, and giving
the enemy most convincing proofs that the blood of
the valiant Cantabrian; still flows in the veins of the'
Biscayners. Already I rejoice to see the enthusiasm
that animates all ranks of the people with whom I
have conversed in Bilboa, and other parts of this
Lordship, and I promise myself the most beneficial
results will accrue to the common cause from a gene-
ral armament of the inhabitants.
" The British Government, penetrated with the
most just sentiments of indignation on beholding the
insidious, fallacious, and cruel conduct of their enemy
--the enemy of truth, and the disturber of the repose
of all the nations of Europe, have resolved to assist
and support your just cause, with a liberality propor-
tioned to its merits and the glorious struggle in which
Spain is engaged. English vessels have arrived on
your coasts, laden with arms, stores, and money.
There are also in your country English agents, sent
by that Government for the sole purpose of your
communicating to them your necessities, which will
be relieved without delay.
44 You may therefore animate your own hopes and
those of your fellow-citizens with the assurance of
35,000 English troops speedily arriving to assist you.
Besides this 'force, you have in your ports the brave
army of the Marquis de la Romans, which, joined
to tlo no less valiant army of Gallicia, will make the
Peach know and fed, even in their own country, the
h. rrors they have inflicted upon this loyal nation. Im
pass it upon your countrymen, that those formidable
euernic, whom they have to encounter, are brave only
in attacking women, children, and defenceless towns,
sod cont nually fly frcm the presence of an equal
fo!1 e, a truth of which you have just had a proof
1.,•%5e not a moment in making a general urniament.
4e delay of this work for a day, an hour, an instant,
