deemed necessity Onni,li indkviduais wlth deal
way oferample,f6r crimes which othersexiiliied.b.
severe penalty. The Duke. of Manchester had
the same principfi; * aiming, in the exigency
moment, at striking a'salutary terror into the slaves,—
With reference to Hanover, the evidence of Otirberlind
was not invalidated by the subsequent impeach
his character. 'His evidence was for the jury, al
'the &my was composed of white men. In the
• 'Hanover, the individual was incorrigible' and
jitere three other cases of rebellion folly established.
-*as clear, from what had been stated, that the power
.--eaercised in bringing these individuals to justice, was
ittricily authorised by law ; and it was too much, there-
' :fore, to call upon the House to express sorrow and in-
dignation at the result of proceedings so conducted.—
Honourable Members had asserted upon several occa-
sions, that the panic and alarm which took hold of the
minds of the planters were totally groundless.—
(Hear).---He called upon those who made this

'Mein

• imelertion to- attend to the apprehensions expressed
:lep.planters ,npon a similar insurrection, which took
place some years ago. The Honourable Member
.proceeded to read a paper written to this country during-
Asa insurrection in ohe of the Colonies, in which it was
vatted, l that hordes of blood-thirsty—savages were
'watching the white population, mad vftth the rage
trt plunder and massacre ; that they were anxious to
Jdevise- the most ingenious modes of torture; that they
hid down the sword in order to use the torch, or for
the parpose of exercising the mercy of immediate mur-.
ders• they' were sacrificing females of aft ranks to their
brutal passions ; in short it described the most des-
perate ravages of every description." He did not
quote that statement of formes times with a view to esta-
blish its truth, nor to prove that similar dangers,
were to be apprehended in the present times, but for the
parpose of shewing the extent of apprehension and dis-
may which indiViduals might be led to entertain during
periods of public-alarm. He knew that at present,
when pains were taken to humanize the negroes, when
they were becoming attached to the soil, and when no
importations from Africa took place, little apprehension
of mch brutality need be entertained. But such appre-
hensions having been felt on former occasions, might
in a great degree pardon, if not justify the alarm ex-
pressed by the parties involved in these transactions.—
But those proceedings were important in another
view; they shewed the impossibility of continuing the
skive system, for, as it now stood, it could not continue
to be carried on. It was with this view, and because he
did not feel that the House would be justified in passing
a censure upon the legal proceedings of the Courts at
Jamaica, that he felt called upon to move the following
Amendment :

" That this House sees, in the proceedings which took place on
the hue trials of slaves In Jamaica, further proofs of the evils which
**separably attend a state of slavery ; and feel a further conviction
of the propriety of pressing the Resolutions of 1823; but that,
however desirabk it might be to revise the law in this respect, they
do not think it expedient or safe to impeach trials conducted ac-
Verding to law, before a competent Tribunal, Juries properly im.
pawned, and sworn to decide according to the evidence laid be.
lore them."—The motion haviug been seconded,
Mr. FOWELL BUXTON eipressed himself happy
in finding that the subject of slavery still continued to
be canvassed and debated in that House, although
ieprobated by the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite last
nifight, because these debates tended to extract, on each
wee-Asian, concessions from the friends of slavery which
isere most important arguments in favour of the eman-
cipation of our West Indian slaves. • He felt confident
he would prove beyond doubt that neither in the case of ,
St. Diary's, St. John's, and St. George's, was there any
attempt to rise in rebellion, Or do anything further than
attempt to ascertain, which was perfectly natural, what
line of conduct they were entitled to pursue accord- .
ing to the instructions which bad been received from
the Government at home. The evidence of Hippolite
was discredited by his own young and old masters.—
The case of Cormorvis evidence, detailing the plot and
the incantation of the Black Magician, and the ap-
pointment of a King, was altogether a most infamous
fabrication anti full of equivocations. Those of Mack's,
another witness against the slaves, were still more
startling. Hence there would be no doubt, that as these
inconsistencies were revealed on the mere examination
in chief, that these two witnesses were most grossly
perjured. Such was the case of the pretended attempt
to raise an insurrection in the parish of St. George.—
As to the case of Montego bay, she Duke of Man-
chester had put it on public record that he believed
there was no- sort of combination amongst the slaves
for treasonable or dangerous purposes. As.to the me-
ditated revolt at St. Diary's, be must contend there
were many fatal objections to the evidence in that
case. The first was, that the evidence was admit.
ted on the trial without administering an oath.—
The next objection was that abundant prevarication
amongst the witnesses had ,taken place. The latter
was too clearly discoverable to be now dottlated. The
unhappy, men however were executed, and toq increase
their enormity, as it would appear none of these
wretches, Colonel Cox says, made any confession in
their last moments except one. Now he would distinctly
deny that there was any confession at all made by that
poor cieatare. The whole reminded him strongly of
the Popiih Riot, when the evidences, Titus Oates and
&dice ;at first, as Hume observed, could give but
little information; but as soon as they began to
find that they were well paid for intelligence, they
appeared 11120g0 than ordinarily over eager to furnish
materials to inculpate others.—..(Hear)—This system
of bounteous reward had produced the same effect
in the case of these poor negroes as in that of the
Popish Plot, more Particularly in the case of the
woman, whose evidence ,had been mode the means of
most extensive inculpatiortagainst those unhappy tree-
tures. Feeling ever warmly on the subject of slavery,
he must have been dead to all sense of injustice if he
bad Clot this evening expressed himself in the most un-
qualified terms of abhortepce at this departure from
tbe priocipie of criminal law, and the praetice ap prdi-
nary Ned proceedings, where the hen of men were 1t Ili*. it
should meet cordially, support, for these reasons, the modonof 's
ileneviable and Learned Friend.
The ATIF4:)RNEY-GENER AL said, on point of
feeling he was strongly opposed to the difference. of she
system which prevailed in the West Indies with respect
to the treatinCtu of the persons who might be the sub-
jects of the Am!. Me
.could not see any cause for
'Snaking a difference in itiase, form, AT circsatitaiscom of
legal proceedings" which'did not apply to the evidence
of a black in the case of, a fellow-black, as well as to the
case ut a whi e. Bot the system would ultimately
come to such as issue as that a slave pat on his trial
should Rave the samebenefit as a white. At the present
period the distinction was excessively grievous. For if'
a shire man was tia.be tried for any crime be would be
informed of the natare—oTihithisige preferred against
slut that was a benefit not possessed by the black.'

incapable forming any idea
the obligation which such a state imposed 'on them.
But mark the inconsistency. When a slave is to be
tried, the same witness whose oath was refused in the
case of a white man, is now accepted on his bare word.
He did not mean to impute blame to those who acted
according to the system which prevailed, but he ob-
, Wected to the system itself as bad. In the case of Charles
arl, who was the witness—the boy William, who was
not sworn, because he was incompetent to know the
nature of an oath, yet he was admitted to take away the•
life of his fellow slave. Was it not unfair that the black
and the white should thus have a different measure of
justice when the law of Jamaica was founded on the
same principles as the English code ? It was said by
the boy that was examined, chat his father had told him
different matters which he detailed. Thk was allowed to
be the law with respect to whites, but different in regard
to blacks. As to the evidence of the son against the father,
though he reprobated the principle, yet he was aware that
the system was acted on in this country. He knew a
case where not only a son, but a daughter al,o, gave evi-
dence against the father. It was also stated, that in
another instance which occurred at the Jamaica trials,
the evidence of a wife was admitted against the hus-
band. He agreed that, on the occasion adverted to, a
female had been examined, but not the wife; for his
Hon. Friend opposite must be well aware that the
psactice of the place was, that parties cohabiting lived
together as man and wife. If she was a wife, he con-
demned the principle of admitting her evidence; but if
she merely cohabited, her evidence would be taken even
in England. He did not state those matters in approval
of the system, but he thought that the House had not
sufficient grounds to charge those persons who had acted
under it, chit they did not believe the existence of the
conspiracy. From the letter written to Col. Cox, and his

answer, it was clear that he and his correspondents were
of an opinion in the affirmative. Some imputations had
been made to the prejudice of Col. Cox, but that Meer was well
known to many Members of the House; he had been eddcated In
England, and yet, with all the prejudices that such an education
might be supposed to convey, he believed the conspiracy to have
existed. In the debate which occurred on the Question in the Le.
gishtive Assembly of Jamaica, Mr. Reynolds, whose feelings and
sentiments were known to be in favour of the slave population, yet
admitted that misfortune compelled them to institute unpleasent
proceedings. In the trials of those at St. Mary, St. George, sod
St. James, out of the 54 tried only 23 were convicted and the rest
were transported. No person could doubt that they were fairly
Vied. Dubious witnesses were not allowed until sorrolsorawl.—
The persons who acted in conformity with the prevalent system,
however bad, should not be condemned to make an excuse for
those who slept at their posts in that House. He should therefore
agree in the amendment of his Hon. Friend.
Dr. LUSHINGTON said, if the arguments of his
Honourable and Learned Friend, who had just sat
down, were good for any thing, they mist go to this
extent, that if individuals interested in the adminis-
tration of the law, only observe the forms of law in
any country, however revoking to justice and hu-
manity that law might be (!liar'
), the House of Com-
mons of Great Britain had no right to inquire into .
the way in which that law was administered. (hear).
His argument also was—that there was great difficulty
in that House coming to a fair decision upon the ques-
tion, on account of the distance. Now, if these arguments
•were to be held valid, no matter what crying injustice'
might be committed—no matter how much innocent
blood might be shed, that House was still to be pre-
tluded from interfering.. He, on the contrary, thought
it was the imperative duty of Parliament to see that
justice was duly administered in its distant possessions.
Here, if an apprentice was ill-used, if abuses were dia.
eovered in a gaol, some Member was always ready to
bring it under the notice of Parliament. But unfor-
titnately for the colonies, the grossest abuses took place,
and were too frequently passed over without notice. In
the case now before the House, ten or twelve persons
had been executed upon evidence which, ai far as it
appeared, was altogether insufficient. The Honourable
and Learned Gentleman here -commented„ with much
severity, on the conduct of the Duke of Manchester,
and on the evidence on which the persons executed
in • Jamaica had been convicted of conspiracy.
It Iced lieen said that no bribes had been administered,
that no one had been rewarded for their evidence. He
would in answer to this refer to the report.of a Com-
mittee of the House of Assembly, by which it appeared
that 3171. had been granted to the • Parish of St. Mary,
in order to pay the expenses attendant-upon the menu•
mission of certain slaves who were rewarded by freedom
for the services they bad rendered, and the information
they had ilea). This was the pure and unspotted ad.
ministration of justiceof which they had heard. This
practice tended to pollute the source of justice—it
otered temptation_ to a slave to accuse his fellow-
slave, and that temptation was the greatest boon that
could be bestowed upon a man—his eirn freedom.
He did not deny the propriety of admittiag. accons-
pikes to be King's evidence la ceritain cases in. England ;
bPt.in Jamaica, to admit slave accoapnlireo we King's
evidence, where the 'universal prejudice against stave
'evidence was so strong that the House Of Assembly.
would not Consent to render it admissible in any case
affecting the slightest interest of a white man, certainly
appeared to be monstrous. It was the misfortune of the
state of slavery, Abet it placed the masters in ; state in
which .theynaturably were led to the apprehension that
they could opt afroird to be just. Where there was)
.90,000 flee meth and 60,000 slaves, there the physical
power was in the hands of the slaves ; therefore the
proprietecs feared to apply to them those principles which huma-
nity would be thought to acquire id the casco( a white. The
Honciarible and Learned Gentleman produoed severalinstanees to
Prove *it* tendency of slavery was to brutalize the dispositions'
:tithe stave masters; and toneltuled by caning upon the Haute to
keep ki door always open to the claims of humanity.
Tte AQLICITOR:GANgRAL said, that if the Hon.
anilLearnia Geodifnao bad 'purely proposed a resolu-
tion with a view .to the introdgction of a better swim
future—.he should not base °Netted to it, but the
:roposition went to criminate the Juries, the Magi*.
crates, and the Governoi, in whose conduct he could
' 'got see • anyipst grounds of reprOaci? us it was not
to be judgl actording to thelkw .o Alagland. The
flair question was, ba# at been according to the
law of JEinsaica. ..**.ll noF grapy-redto, 'sax that
it
hp did not wish the icr.° ;
w pt t),;14,13ita,t0 be assimilated
to the law of Englafd
be as ttot piepared!to say_
chat he would object :to else. sittiaciaa of the Orris
being equalized with **lt. qi 01; white map re.

Furth(
they were then discussing as accursed.pro-ceedings.—
EThe Sot.tcyron-GUaftat. said that he believed he had
dot Used that expresiion with relati ,n to the partiCular
proceedings of Jamateal—The Hon. and Learned
Gentleman had called the system accursed because it
produced such laws as those in which the proceedings
were defended. He thought his language justified the
construction he had put upon it. The Hun. Member
proceeded then to comment upon the transactions at
Jamaica, which he did not impute to individual charac-
ter; but to the inherent vices of the colonial _system.
That system produced prejudices so strong, that jos-
lice was not likely to be rendered to the slave. He
could not understand what was meant by technical
distinctions. Was it a technical distinction to se-
4ect or admit hearsay evidence at third hand, when
lit affected the lives of human beings? The Ho-
nourable Gentleman. then commented on the indiipo-
sition 'hewn by the Legislature of Itmaica to amend
the laws as regarded the evidence of slaves, and their
objection to suffer the British Parliament to legislate for
them. Public opinion, however, !night have some in-
fluence, and he therefore called upon the House at once,
as the organ and the guide of public opinion, to mark
its sense of the injustice which had been_committed.—
Under all the circumstances he thought they were botpid
to go further than merely to imptite mistakc to tease
who conducted the proceedings. It had been saidthey
were not to abolish slavery at once because the Chris-
tian Religion had done away slavery gradually; but
were they to suppose two or three hundred years were
to be taken to abolish a modern system of slavery. The
doctrine appeared to bias to be absurd* The amendmentiMid away
the public opinion, which they ought to express against public ad-
ministration when marked by irregularity end misconduct.
Sir ROBERT'
WILSON thought the t lonou:able
and Learned Member who brought. the subject before
the House was intitled to the thanks of the country.—
The Attorney-General had called on them not to pa3s
a vote of censure en the persons concerned in the judi-
capie cfrkuisprudence of Jamaica. That was the very
thing he thought the House ought to do. He consi.
Clered all the parties guilty of nothing less than a legal
murder. Nothing could be worse than such a system.,
In 1882, James Simpson was tried for chaining down a
female slave, twelve years of.age, and twice violating,
her person. At the trial an exception was taken to thel
prosecution, on the ground that she was not a human
being, but a chattel; and, secondly, that being a slave,
her evidence could not be taken. The point was sub-
mitted to the Twelve Judges of England, who decided
that under the existiug laws or the Oakley they could sot decide
against the objection, but the Judges and Gcmegintant, to thglr
honour, sent out a remonstrance against the miller in which the
law was administered.

Mr. GOULBURN said that there were persons con-'
nected with the colonies who did not support the mode
in. which these trials had bees conducted; but when he-
looked at the proceedings, he did AM look at them for.
the purpose ef crinalnating men settb reefed CU' a situation
different from any in this corm" wlio acted under fear,
and under the erect of prejudice 'which had long
existed. He looked at it with a view to a remedy which
might relieve the negroes, ameliorate their condition,
and make them fit for emancipation. He should vote
for the amendment because it looked tb those objects.
Like the Member for Norseich, he wished to express
public opinion with respect to the proceedings of the
colonies. Could any man, after reading the amendment
of his Right Hon. Friend, doubt that the public opinion
had been expressed ? Would not the colonists see that all
parties blamed their froceedingi ? If then the amend-
merit conveyed public opinion, wtry should he vote for
the orlihial resolution? It called en them to decide, without due
caution. and to pronounce on opinion on judicial proceedinp,camled
on with die established Colonipi forms. If they wished public
opinion to be unanimous, they would concur in the amenditient.—
He was anxious it might be agreed to for the purpose of promodug
the cause they were all toady to support.
Mr. BROIJOHAM said he entirely differed from the
Right Hon. Gentleman who had just sat down, in the
view taken of the question. if he could believe the
amendment would convey to the Legislature and Judi-
cature of the Colonies the opinion of that House, that the
whole of their system was wrong and wanted reform,
he should not prefer it to the Resolution of his Hon..
and Learned Friend, yet much of the repugnance he
felt to it would be removed; but it was because the
amendment got rid of the questien.—because those in•
defensible proceedings were sought to be screened, he
should vote against it. His Learned Friend (the At-
torney General) did not deny the impropriety of the
proceedings, and the Solicitor General had said, Goo
forbid that he should defend these proceedings. They
were called upon to think as much as they considered
proper ..on the subject, bat were not to
,pass a vote,
because it would impute blame on those whom
they all admitted to be worthy of censure. His
Learned Friend had complained of the vagne"minmer
in which the negroes hied been put on -their trial.
The Attorney firee--4 •-•-•. • -b- -- !--7--- •
i- .-
I%U. IftoOgh iilegal with respect to whites, t was
legal in the West Indies as applied to the lacks.—
His ' Learned Friergl
.admitted that justice had been
violated by the JatraAica law. He had however a
little doubt upon the law of Jamaica, bad 11l it As.
The trials in . St. George's and Hanover parishes were
More regularly tried than the negroes in Sr. Mary's
: parish. He might, without any want of charity, en-
•tertain a belief. that there was less regularity in the
St. Mary's trials than in the other parishes. The im-
patience of Colonel Cox, who stated that a number of
executions we're necessary befoxe.the Christmas holidays
led to irregularity. Ctittpling dpi. Coes',expressions
with his documents, he found that in one tropical sun,
eight men were tried, upon a charge no one could under.
stand, and upon evidence no ode could believe. Those
eight unfortunate men *Me Wed arid cOnOicted, because
it was necessary to satisfl46to):Airttriati. by having a
number of executions befq-se tbeUlaristmis holidays.—
Were these proceedings to helttatified and passekiver by
Parliament? He knew ho a the House felt on the question.
The Governor, with his dicers about him--with his legal advisers
about him, Would itot-give 'breathing time ) but sat immediately
an order to execute the ma beforetbe Christmas bolidayor Be did
not fa* to apply Iterater eeleveliene to the Kformener and °then,
than theiF situatiottiostifte4. He considered laps sentences unjust,
but the only charige =the account was, that SwF d.d nut poem's
sufleient llithnem Willow' of daagef: 2.ail,ritereasee time the ex-
- *realest ettbaelhiese wee :liaise* -II the Horse to
express an opinion that might preveoba seatracce, and an..
solace wee that filmes Was trquiced et Ilse exercise of authority,

• / -
•

upon
gentleman's. pens sbewiog.
..
Hon. Member for Nottingham can have kidded
itself to its full consent, thoughit has enjoyed the *dean-
tage of his advocacy, for it comprehends, in one sweeping
expression of sorrow and indignation, attd one genergly
applied complaint of violated ,liiittee,„rted , perverted
law, trials, the details of which mt. so oppoSite and
distinct. that a great part of the Hog., and Learned
Gentlemep's speech was occupied. in diSithinating
and attempting to distinguish, theme( „lig, or.dg the
more effectually to aggravate the taocasons,..natere of
the affair at St. Mary's,' the LeastnedGentleinan gave
the House an eccouot of the trials it.46lls.liillifies of
Sr,. George and Hapoirei te o.f. 4itokg-'„irpci, he
allowed an observation Cif forms and onersistiOns de-
licacy of proceeding; by viltich..l;e adoiitted they were
Mei-Iced and distinguished from the outrages -perpe-
trated ice theciiiorse of the trials which tOokaalace-at. St.
Mary's. From this, sir, I think` it sufficiently clear, if
his speech had been the preface of a motion On this
subject, brigizratigg with himself, the Learned Member
would have apportioned a different degree: Of, con-
demnation to the degree of the crime;
,end Allotted
a shade of censure correspondent wieb.-,.the, lighter
or more deep hue of the proceedings—(ffeae, :kw.).
this would hare been. ippiiite in order, to preserve
consistency between the speech and the resolution it was
intended to stoppert ; but in our case, audits the view
of the traasactibn take* by the 'amended resolutinni that
distinctiqn is ungecesseryl for whatever shades: of di&
tereoce *my hive existed. in those trials,theprOposition
we advocate, and the expression of ersocere far the
situation ef-tite negroes, it equallt true indeppliCable
yrith respect to all. With respett iti,illlo4li3Ofte that
pegro life hay been lost, and bootee libiod shed, and
that a system of law was employed (a system which
nine can deprecate more their **self) different from
that generally adopted, in order tneheck ilik.l 'coerce
the crime of the white man. The ground mg objets the
amendment proceeds is fully admitted, ailsd"oif ex-
amination will be found equally applicable in'alll these
proceedings,;' and the resolution is undoubtedly'corred
when it draws an inference to which. all theie flets
kad alike, though in different degrees—Wow'. *II.
It the Learned Member's resolution did .not can't...l42ln:
lines too little, it might have been entitled it, %Obi-
port ; for if, after stating that the House, havinglaig
into consideration the proceedings-of 1822, 1825; 'ited
1824, deemed 'it expedient to give expression fn.:trot*
terms its sorrow and regret at the nature of that* tran.-
actions as authorised by the existing law, and tii reedid
its opini-n of the necessity of an tniniedtate left:ire, to
that proposition, no objection. could be orgelli- ' Rut,
Sir, when the resolution comes to be interpolated *1 h
" an expression of sorrow sat hadignatiocg at2flle
Ali -
version of o Jaw, tbs. vialatiisn.of jtiaticeiOritti ethe
kit.
precipitancy wish ,which w • sentence-, 'nf it ebille,'-oh.
warranted by law was -carried. inte• litektiffnif,* I
cannot give it my Assent. inasmuch as 'I arit .yttli* isie.
par*'i.to jam the perversicin of the law contained in
this proposition, while, at the store time, IMierfilly
to declare the la* as one utireely.Ortat' to be perMit-
trd to-exist, -and which • loudly galls •foe altertstipo.—
But I am not prepared To pass a condemnatory resolu-
tion on those individuals who, 'placed in a different
situation, .have firmly discharged what to all' men pos-
sessed of the common feelings of* humanity must have
proved a most trying and painful duty; under thepio-
visions of the existing law. If I were prepared tn'affix
a stigma on their conduct, and call it culpable; lohbuld
.bei doing what is not just, and saying What EnOtiot'be
true. I repeat, flit) such a censure wouli be equAlty
extravagant and untrue. Neither ant I prepared' to
give an opinion compromising the judicature and Go-
vernment for undue precipitation is the execution 6f
the sentence ; and I will tell the House why I decline
becoming a party to such an accusation. That charge
includes two parties ; *the Judge who premottheid
sentence ; the Governor who confirms it. With-re-
spect to .the first, the Judge, under the existing Viet,
possesses the power to order the convicts to instant
execution, without reference to the .GtilferllOY; but' 'in
this instance he did not; and ear/anion Jinni accordingly
stayed. This is, in my •opinion; anything her a protf
of precipitancy in the Judge. The inhabitants t f
Jamaica wee, as the Learned Gentleman, with great
candour, has admitted, under the influence of consider-
able alarm ; and yet, notwithstanding the existence of
that well-grounded terror, and armed with the lase for
immediate execution, the Judges did not evil% 'them-
selves of the power they possessed ; bur, on .the'tofi-
trary, referred the sentence for revision to the Governor.
So that with respect to the charge ofprecipitat ion, f *
not only not prepared to apply it to the judicature,
but affirm it to be directly false and unfounded
—(Hear, hear)—because, having the power they foix
bore to press the execution.—(Lend Cheerial-=.
Now as to the other part of the question, which mama
to the Duke of Manchester, tOe House must look ttltdthe
tentative of the brow-n, ataorihrs Cottattls li,te' that-,
character, he was duly invested witttliiiitijOe of the
high prerogative of teroperine jesirce'irlill", Mercy ; and
he could nut convey a more forcible exanieirecif this for.
bearance than he did on the occasion alluded tO, If thii
prerogative is to be made the subject of Parliamentary
inquiry, on occasions'eimilar to the present, its effect is
destroyed, and hid better be taken away altogether-o---
In stating my objection to the mOticio of the lion:aisil
Learned Gentleman, I can assure hills, that if )*. 44
thought fit, previously to the agitation of 'the subject.
to have communicated the nature of his motion, I
would rather have suggetted such an amendment as
mwooaulsdyhoateve, eresHisoteudsethtoe
mocomieo.to awniuthnoaunti:
Sir,. I Te, eat, offering the introduction of a specific
than have
'amendment, his Majesty's Ministers, contenting them-
selves -With the view which they have taken of the
i question, pnd what, in their opinion, should be the
conduct of Parliament with regard to it, would have
remained silent, had not the Honourable awl, Xerojned
GentlemanN motion contained a proposikioOtttAself
pot only untrue, but which I sincerely believe *.,he
)langeroos in its nature. I will not scat.. A
'llli' t "the
justice of the case does
,not require some' intlegreute •
on the pert of Government ; ,but taking auto tonic
deiation that these transactisma occurred fielder. cap- ;,oinstances .most peculiar mod difficult, I Alo- thi9k7
it would have satisfied the justice of the cane,

death by• Aa Act 'or the tegislature had Indeed been passed at lapjlet WA** iiiilvdristuilly tad Warty of defelice?7— seittiiitilee in a pipit *sale isatleagiiionirwitelliaieoh•ti4oan i
iby a les<hmaica 6' remedy Ibia Mitief, au4 it was• thereby, lite seatetiiikithillintejoatleittl.iisise,44,..jamaie4.wiquild . •
~ •.. .iisishi*lia*G9p..ll..: s
acted on' requited that. a Judce's ordee_iihoeld be given for thq ,onsep4 th.qiit,s4p..)tf OM. WiII.IICACA .to do sa, ie. "slat .AS 71.S°11.T4kmiwlit so wit
m, Al Thsktellie
cy of the; 'ptitipose, but it teas kribWn that this alst 'Swot Oreduce ,beccHlie OP cilOt..er giat lit'Weta .Ct• 'The **wale ft., ~ -45.-""!' ' ~t ~.. • .
_i
OaveS.—:!,'.' thi skated' effect. - Nbir it was stated by ;the .Act that 'and Learned •Geystleman ittin.dernisented on the iliiire :.44"*Secreeigi C 1 NN an lleniiieft.mr stip:.
orberknd' iheionspiraiors should be latornied of the, per-spot 'a
trials ; -observing, dm itsbase was a fault, it, neither mod.** Pik alid acqliosseace to the amended zasplusillis: pro:
hment or the time, and of the place of the alleged ionspirac.y.— the oitei 4.7,0, fur,b.,,,,tildttarfaro444edrillte(vf°""4ll P°ll4l 17 wy, H'smizable Pcie4' ''"4 (.44'11401d
although But when the question of slaves' evidence was intro. r Dlr. 1:;141161'11:H 5041.11 he bid heard With great snit: (Tyitse°9l"icts7 4"A"bis, teat to wakb the ' """. wiii
, 0 ,
~lf is . credit
~, at iting, Laiteiderhirem,O.td:piii
e case of duced, it was stated in the Legislative Assembly ofe faction the Honourable and Ledrned Gentletnan aypily_
nd there Jamaica, that the evidence of a slave wan inadmissible, upon record for !nialOss oc so &info; JHuthe beittued
the teem accursed to the of colonial slavery.
;he& It on account of the low moral character of slaves, who had system. . ~ . '.. "` gentleman's pwa showing. the drigutat psoeion:lif• the
even gone further and stigmatised -
the proceedings
lion. Member for liattinzhatn can hardly have loaded
ie power were considered incapable of forming any idea of o._____ ~.
_„ '.
__, _ .•
