mittce of the whole House. 'The Americans-•have
thus so far vindicated their national character, with
respect to this atrocious occnrrento; Sind it now re-
mains to be seen (presuming that .the Rikabrt of the
Committee will be adopted brilleftntillf) what sort
of satisfaction will be exacted from the monster
JACKSON, for the outrage he has committed on every
principle of law and humanity.'.

There are no less than four French Papers dne at
the General Post-Office : nor has there been any ar-
rivals of packets at Dover from Calais, since Wed-
.nesday. The following letter, which has, by some
accident, been some days longer in reaching us than
it ought to have been, contains particulars respecting
the late fatal duel at Paris, which deserve to be known:

‘‘ PARIS, FEBRUARY 5.

M. MAncetziw, one of the writers in CHATEAU-
SRIAND'S work, the Con:et-Wenn has just termina-
ted his career, in the defence of Ultra-Royalist prin-
ciples. fie was, some years ago, one of the most
enthusiastic admirers of BONAPARTE, and, as a mili-
tary man, was not without glory : he conducted him-
self most gallantly at the head of one of the batta-
lions, at the battle of Moskwa, in which a redoubt
was taken and retaken eleven times, for which BONA*
rAnrg made him an Officer of the Legion of Ho-
nour, and bestowed on him other marks of his Impe-
rial favour. On the KING'S second return he dis-
played as much zeal as before, but completely
changed sides ; and laying by the sword, he as-
sumed the pen, as a violent Ultra. A short time
since he met an old brother Officer, whom he re-
proached with being a Bonapartist ;he replied, We
are old school-fellows and companions in arms, let
us not have any discussion on the subject ; you have
your opinion, I mine. Ido not blame you for turn-
ing your coat and writing in the Conserraterir ; suffer
me to still think well of him we both adored when he
was the favourite of fortune I' Sharp words ensued
on the part of the Ultra, which the other, as an old
friend, would not notice, but carefully avoided meet-
ing him: the other evening, at the Opera Feydeau,
they happened to be in adjoining boxes, when the
other turned his head away not to notice MARCEL-.
LTN, who cast a stern fixed look op him. Ile begged
MARCELLIN to let him alone ; adding, that he wished
to have nothing to say to him. MAIICELLIN per-
sisted; and, we understand, hinted before the Public,
that he was unfaithful to his Monarch. I am more
faithful than yourself.' was the reply : I pretend not
to be a Royalist and at the same time attack his MA-
JESTY.' A challenge was the consequence : they met
at three o'clock yesterday, near the Barrier of Cljch y ;
they agreed to fight with pistols, and threw up for
the first fire, which was won by the survivor, who
fired and wounded NIARCELLIN in the abdomen. He
was taken home and attended by M. DOPUTTREN,
one of the most able surgeons of Paris, who at first
entertained hopes of saving him, but the irtestines
being wounded a mortification soon took place, and
this brave but hot-headed man, in a few hours breathed
his last ; he is much regretted by his friends, and is
only reproached by his ene:nies win the fault of being
led astray by the advocates of feudal slavery. France
could hlive much better spared many others of the au-
thors of the Conserroteur, who, if tie), shared the
same fate, would be regretted by none but the ad-
mirers of the Conserredettr, or o.ie pet son in one
hundred thousand.

44 The Funds continue to get up, owing to the
measures taken by the new Minister of Finance. If
he can maintain them, even at their present price, he
will deceive all those who pretend to know anything
of the matter. The brokers have been so hard hit
they will not now be responsible for the purchases or
sales they make so that no one can be certain whe-
they his purchases or sales can be realized, as they
have men of straw ready, to say they cannot fulfil
their engagements, if the funds take a turn contrary
to their interest, while they are ready to compel the
execution of the sales against those who are solvent.
Such a system opens too wide a door to fraud to be
kept up even for a month."

Extract of a letter from Kingston, Jamaica, dated
Dec. 28, ISIS :••••," Several vessels arrived here this
week from Santa Martha and Carthagena, with
nearly thirty passengers from New Granada. They
assure us, that upwards of 1,000 men had marched
from Santa Fe to the Llanos, to resist Santander,
who, they say, was approaching, and that the con-
sternation amongst the Spaniards is general, because
they see their ruin at hand, while the whole popula-
tion is driven to desperation, to deliver themselves
from the oppression and cruelties which still continue.
A Commissionerfrom the Viceroy, Samano, is arrived
at Carthagena, to take 400 men from the garrison,
and as many from the district of the Savanas to the
capital, Santa Fe. Handcuffs were making for those
unfortunate people who otherwise could not be got
away. In consequence of this news, all the young
people of the province of Carthagena are disappear-
ing, some flying into the woods, and others to,,the
West India Islands. The town of Carthagena is
thrown into consternation since the 9th instant, when
18 Officers, commissioned for the purpose, smelled,
at one and the same hour, 18 houses of the principal,
inhabitants, mostly Lawyers, without excepting the
Assessor of Gevernfneht, Don Juan Berrueco. This
search was executed in so violent and offensive a man-
ner, that the very Officers, although obliged to comply
with the orders they had received, were heard to say,
that in that way it was impossible to retain America.
It has not been mentioned what this search was for,
but it is believed that it was for the protest made to
the British Ministry by the Deputy from New Gra-
nada, Don Real, against the mediation, which has
been received there, and met with much approbation.
Afterwards a proclamation was made, ordering that
no letter coming from the islands to Carthagena, is to
be delivered to its address without the consent f the
Government, with other adopted measures that prove
its feats. The garrison of the fastness of Cat thagena
is now reduced to 500 men, of theregimeat of Leon,
150 veteran Artillery men, and 850 recruits (natives),
which make the whole regiment of Albuera. At
Santa Martha are 60 veterans and 200
Extract of a letter from Kingston, same slate:—
" A vessel is just now arrived from Maracaybo '
where the molt perfect tranquillity .reigeed • walling' 1
was said of the new campaign, which will be opened
neat mouth, and for which both parties are preparing." j
