once established, and the authority deputed for their
execution, as it has been most signally in France, all
that can be more required is, that the authority be
adequately strong ; for if it be only a nominal au-
thority, and not a real one, it must prove the worst of
Governments, and production of insecurity and slavery. We
recollect to have read, we believe, in the miscellaneotis works
of that sagacious genius, Ron FAT Dons!. ET, an iror'cal ser-
mon intituled " the Right 3 of Mankind to do wi.at they
wOl asser.ed."—Now, really, we should suppose that
some politicians who have been caba'liii against the new
French Government, adopted scrio- sly the thesis maintained
ironically in that production. The question may be argued
without involving absolute nonsense—which is most de-
sirable, a Government or no Government ? but to admit that
a Government is essential, and yet deny it adequate power,
involve the very extreme of absurdity.
We have been led unconsciously a little further into our
political creed than we intended ; and as is sometimes the
case, may be misunderstood, and have sequences to our po-
sitions fixed upon us, which we do not entertain : and
unfortunately we have neither time nor space to enter upon
long explanation ; but for the security, ad interim, of our
repute, -se wish it clearly understood, that the establishment
of laws, and Governments to execute laws, are understood by
us to be both by, and for, the people. We consider that the
laws, from time to time, require alteration and improvement
which a properly constituted Government will not fail to
accomplish ; and, if properly constituted, the people, under
such laws, will have their full influence in such improvement ;
but if they should act sot accordant with the existing institu-
tions ;it is violence to Government and revolution—a state
of insecurity, and, in our opinion, of horror. As the law-
giver of poets interdicts the introduction of a GOD into
poetical fictions, nisi dignus vindice nodus, so we would
rigidly interdict popelas• revo'ution except under the same
restriction.

We recommend to the attention of our Readers the
letter from our correspondent in France. It will ho
found replete with important information. Of course we
give all such communications without identifying ourselves
with the opinions they convey.

• An express has been received in ton n this day, with an
account of a public Meeting was held yesterday in the
Castle-yard of Lincoln, and at which the High Sheriff pre-
sided, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament for a
reduction of taxation. The meeting was numerously and re-
spectably attended ; but our limits will admit only, this day,
of our presenting a fair copy of the petition which wag
adopted.
,4 TO THE COMMONS HOUSE OF PARLIAMENT.

" The humble retition of the inhabitunts and freeholders of the
county of Lincoln. assembled by the authority of the Sheriffs, who beg
leave to represent to your House. that in common with the rest of the
kingdom, theysuffer under gricvieus tusitess itm the "tolerable weigh
of taxation, that they have received no sut.stsntial relief from the
reduction of taxes which have hitherto taken price, and that they
cannot suppress the expression of their disappointment at the tri.
fling and inadequate amount of the reductions which have been
made in those establishments by which the resources of the
country are devoured. They, therefore, entreat your Honourable
House to take into consideration a serious and effectual retrenchment in
the expellees of the country, and that its necessities may be relieved,
and its prosperity restored, by a further and large diminution of its
burdens. They particularly recommend to your Honourable House
the repeal of the duties on malt, as a measure which they are
convinced will tend to lessen the distress, and improve the condition of
all classes of his Majesty's subjects ; and your petitioners will ever pray
that your Counsels may be enlightened with wisdom, and inspired by
patriotism.
Mr. H. HANLEY seconded the petition.

FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.

PARIS, OCT. 6.

My last letter, written at the moment of the trial which
was to decide the legitimacy of the political clubs, conveyed,
I am now aware, an impression of alarm as to internal quiet,
which I am happily able to say, appears to have been un-
founded. The Government party, or friends to order and
tranquillity, have conquered ; they appear to have been the
most numerous, and the alarm which the proceedings of the
ultra-revolutionary party had occasioned to the quiet citizens,
who remembered, or had their minds imbued with serious re-
flection, on the old revolutionary score, has almost entirely
subsided. The change in public temperament in Paris is as
astonishingly deceptive as they are sudden ; and the vacilla-
tion between excitement and a sans souci state, would some-
times puzzle the most acute. The Goverment may now be
considered over the shallows, as the seamen say, and it will
be seen whether a form of Government which approximates
so nearly to a Republic will prove to have that permanence
which can alone render it for the happiness of.thirty millions
of people. It must be confessed, that the revolution of
1789, which only unfettered the popular mind in France,
may thus have combined to accomplish the popular in-
struction.

Forty years have elapsed since that period, during which
time the activity of the press has done wonders in dispersing
the mists of bigotry and superstition. In addition to this,
the numerous armies of the late Emperor, traversing Europe,
brought with them knowledge and refinement, heretofore
unknown in the provinces, and these retired veterans have
become the oracles of their native villages. For the last fif-
teen years, editions of the most enlightened authors have
circulated with wonderful rapidity, from their extreme cheap-
ness, and the Norman schools have educated the rising gene-
ration. It is no exaggeration to assert, that young France,
as she is emphatically termed, possesses at this moment the
most enlightened population in the world. This truth,
so obvious to every investigating traveller, who does not
hold himself aloof from the converse of the lower classes, was
wholly unknown to the late misguided Monarch, and his
presumptuous Ministers. Enveloped in a cloud of fancied
dignity, they were ignorant of that effulgence, which
cheered the cottage, and illuminated the mind of the peasant.
They imagined that their arbitrary mandates would be sub-
mitted, to with the crouching servility of the age of Louis
the 14th. Exile to the Monarch, and ruin to his advisers,
will convince future statesmen that ignorance of that peo-
ple,whom they undertake to govern, is a crime of the deepest
dye. I have now been resident some years in Paris, and
think I know a little of its manners, laws, customs, and
localities ; but still I feel myself, when asked about the
future, I am compelled to say I am ignorant—but my log-
book and chronology are equal, and describe the rueterologic
phenomena as they occur; and this shall be my task.
I was a witness of its physical revolution, but gallant as
that was, it was soon over. Its moral revolution is still
going on, and those consequences are to follow, which bid
fair to generate a revolutionary spirit in all parts of Europe,
and which will be felt by our posterity as well as ourselves.
Monarchs have been taught this lesson—that they cannot'
rely upon their troops, in cases of notorious outrage upon the
liberties of their subjects; and that neither discipline or
