PURTUIR PARTICULARS.

The following is a copy of a letter from Captain
Timins, of the late ship Royal George, burnt at China,
to the Secretary of the Committee at Lloyd's, dated
Canton, January Ist, 1826 :
" SIR—In extreme ill health, and under the pressure
of great misfortune, 1 exert myself to perform a duty I
feel due to the Committee of Lloyd's, and to condole
with them %won the total destruction by fire. on the
mot ning of the 24th ult. of the Hon. Company's ship
Royal George, then lying at Whampoa, in readiness to
proceed to the second bar with the whole of her stores
on board, and perfectly equipped for sea ; when the
night she received the remains of her cargo, having at
this time 8,000 chests of Company's tea on board, and
some private trade, shortly after the relief of the watch,
at halt-past four in the morning, the officer of the deck
smelt fire; an alarm was instantly given, and on lifting
the tatpauling from the gunroom scuttle grating, the
flames appeared in a heavy volume, which it was not in
the power of human exertion to repel. A hardy band was
santo the magazine, to throw overboard the powder;
assistance was quickly received from the Company's ships
as well as others, the chain bridles were whely slipped,
and the ship taken in tow, clear of others, as she drifted
down with the tide. The flames now reached every mast-
head, in ball an hourthe spirit room burst, and the liquor
running over the orlop, the fire covered that deck like
lightning; all hopes were at an end, the men were sum-
moned to the boats, but the brave officers and men did
not quit their post at the magazine, until the flames
were near the door of it. At half-past five the whole
of the crew, as well as strangers, went orderly into the
boats; shortly after the ship grounded, the powder
exploding, stove out her bows, the hull parted abreast
the foremast, she was destroyed to the water's edge, and
there lay the distressing remains of one of the finest
merchant ships in the whole world.
" The conduct of all the Officers and crew iii this
trying time was orderly in the extreme; the most un-
deniable proofs exist that every thing possible was done
to save the ship, and the Committee will learn, and feel
with myself an honest pride in the information, that this
awful visitation of PRoVIDENCE has afforded the most
authentic examples of the steady and brave manner in
which the Officers and crew as well as strangers did their
duty in this awful situation,and prove beyond denial there
still remains in the breast of a British seaman an heroic
self devotion in time of peril to defend and save his ship
which nothing can appal ; and it shall be my care to col-
lect such individual instances of it which it is my impera-
tive duty to make known. The mercy of PROVIDENCE
.is greatly apparent, that no one man has been lost or
maimed in this dreadful calamity. At present no sort
of clue can be had by which it can be imagined how
this unfortunate calamity commenced; but a most rigid
inquiry is instituted, and every possible means taken to
elucidate it. It may be well to observe that the whole
of the Officers and crew of the ship have passages al-
lotted them in the different Company's ships, and all
will, most probably, be in England by the month of
June. The greatest attention has been used in guarding
the wreck, and Messrs. Dent and Co. appointed as
Agents for the Underwriters, whose great exertions and
prudent arrangements for the saving of the guns, &c.
merit my perfect approSation, and to-morrow the who'e
will be offered for public sale, so that it may reasonably
be expected that every possible justice will be done to
the Assurers of t'ris units, tuna te ship.
" I have the honour to be, Sze.
_ _ _

" To John Bennet, Faq.
Secretary to poyd'a."

4, CIIA:RI.EB TIMINS.

The General Steam NAvigation Company's vessel. the
Sir Edward Balls, arrived yesterday from Hamburg!)
in 54 hours, with passengers and carriages, and an im-
mense quantity of bullion, principally consigned to
Messrs. ROTHSCHILD and Co.

There are now living in the parish of Sittingbourn,
six persons, whose united ages amount to 524. years.
Wednesday, there was a numerous and respectable
meeting held at Aylesbury, for the purpose of passing
resolutions and.signing a petition for the mitigation and
ultimate abolition of slavery throughout the British do.
minions. The Rev. Sir GEORGE Lae, Bart. took the
chair, in which he was supported by Lord Nualtet and
Mr. Ittctcrono, the Members for the borough, when six
resolutions on the subject v ere unanimously agreed to,
and a petition to Parliament adoped by the meeting.
Last week the Golfers of Crail disencumbered them-
selves of their upper vestments, and having deposited
them in a quiet corner of the Links, finished their game,
directed their steps towards the spot where they had,
deposited their apparel, when, to their inexpressible
astonishment, they found the ground strewed over with
miserably mutilated fragments of their vesture, the
greater h art of which had totally vanished ; the appear-
ones of some cows near the spot, having their horns
unusually decorated with the fragments of men's attire,
and one of them still chewing the cud a napkin, re-
vealed the mystery; and the unfortunate golfet s returned
home lamenting their mutual mischance.
IRON TRADE.-At the Shropshire and Staffordshire
Iron Masters' Quarter•days, last week, a fall of prices
took place of ten shillings per ton on melting pigs, and
other kinds experienced a still greater reduction. The
prices have probably been hitherto upheld by the un-
doubted inadequate supply of last year to the demand,
and by the present diminished make. About seventeen
furnaces (employing 300 men) are lately sopped or
" blown out" in Staffoidshire, and the supply is calcu-
lated to be diminished weekly about 750 tons.
In this and all countries of Europe to turn the back
upon persons of rank or in authority, is considered
highly improper; a-striking instance of which may be
seen in the mode in which messengers from the Lords
retreat along the floor of the House of Commons: but
in the interior of Attica it is quite otherwise—there the
Court assemble round tte Sovereign invariably with
their backs to him.

A young mats, clerk to Mr. M,lnroan, postmaster in
Stirling, was apprehended on Sunday se`nnight, and lodged in fall,
on suspicion of having been guilty of breaking open letters and &b.
'muting money from them.
A man named Bentley. a shoemaker, was taken up,
and examined on Thursday last, charged with assisting the glob a
thefattory of Messrs. Svc's, of Accrington. near Blackburn, and
on finding bail•was liberated. About five huadre4 men colleetedi
that day in the neighbourhood of Eccles IBA bowing a fiege but
' their object has not been asantahsed.
