MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 27, 1829.

PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS—(AssraAcT).
According to a Return, printed by order of the House of Cons.
MOOS, it. appears that the number of prisoners committed for debt
In the Isle of Man, during the years 11127 and 11128, was as follows,
Ns.—ln 1527, 179 under mesne process, upon 47 of whom judg-
ments were recovered, 32 bailed or withdrawn, and 100 under
deematers and other judgment% for want of effects. Of thi. nom•
bee there were five fur sums above 1001. ten between 501. and 1001.
35 between 501. and 201. 34 between 201. and 101. 94 under 101.
In lets, 137, viz.-32 originally under mew process, 20 bailed or
withdrawn, and 113 under vuious judgments. Of this number there
are—one for coats of suit, 12 for sums above 1001. six between .501.
and 1001. 22 between 501. and 201. 18 between 201. and 101. and
27 under 101.

There are now four persons confined In the gaol for contempt.
under process issuing out of the Courts of the island, one of whom
has beets confined snide December, 1929, and the three others since
March, 1829: The only gaol fee paid is the sum of 4d. charged by
the turnkey on the liberation of each debtor. There are lye Crown
debtors confined in the same prison. The amount of Ines imposed
upon thine is as follows-501. la two for 51. and one for 21. 10s.
Une of these persons has been in custody since 1627.
The following is an account of the number of imperial gallons of
rum, brandy, geneva, and 'all other foreign spirits, distinguishing '
each kind, that paid duty, and the amount, for the year ending Ja-
nuary 5,11149; and the number of proof gallons of each remaining
is bond; with the same accounts for all kinds of wine. The quan-
tity entered fee home consumption in England was: rum, 3,064 836
gallons; brandy, 1.286,443 ; genets, 30,075 ; other sorts, 11,499 ;'
thief 4,390,073. Cape, 504,091 1 French, 383,315 ; other sorts,
5,245.605 ; total, 6.1.33.011. /a Scotland—rum, 1118,088 ; brandy;
M,632; Gatiets.l2,96B ; other sorts, 1.149; total, 233,838. Caps,
14,520; French, 44,589 , other sorts, 404,699; total, 483,718. hi
Ireland—ruin, 24,708; brandy, 7,13 E; genetra, 2.223 ; ether sorts,
423; total, 34.487. Cape, 135,131 ; French, 47,470; other sorts,
668,079; total, 859.680. Me United Kingdom—rem, 3,277,.;53;
brandy, 1,325,208; grimes, 45.266; ether sorts, 10,271; total,
4,658,398. Cape, 653,742; French, 475,374; other sorts, 6,318,293;
total, 7,447,409.

The total amount of duty received upon this qusathy was—ln Rnt.
land, for whits, 2,790,9711. 1118.44. fur wine, 1,466.1944 I Is. 10d.
In Scotland, for spirits,l3o,B72l. 4s. I Id. for wine. 115,7981.145. 4d.
In Ireland, for •pints, 21,6911. 2s. id. for wine, 195,0311. ss. sd•
The United Kingdom, for spirits, 2,943,5331. 6s. 44.. for wine,
1,776,0344 11s. 74. The rates of duty in the United Kingdom
are—fur rum, Bs. 6d. per gallon; brandy, U. 2s. 6d. Geneva,
I/. 2s. 6d. Other sorts, various rate, from Is. to 30s. per gallon.
Cape wine, 2s. sd. French, Ts. 34. other sorts 48.10 d.
In the year ending January 5, 1829. there were 23,249,948
imperial' gallons of spirits distilled in the United Kingdom, the
total amount of deny upon which fur home consumption was
14,933,5541. 13s. 2d.

GERMAN PAPERS.

PETERSBURGH, Aram 10.
NEWS FROM THE THEATRE OF WAR.
The Journal of Si. Peetmsourgh gives from the report
of General Count Paskewitsch to his Majesty the Em-
peror the following detailed account of the events with
which the campaign in Asiatic Turkey has begum
this year.
A Tut kish imps of about 20,000 men, under the
command of Achmet, Bey of Abjar, advanced in the
night of the 3d of March from the province of Ab-
jar. adjoining that of Akhalzik, took possession by day-
breast of the suburb of the fortress of Akhalsilt, proceeded
to assault the. place, and reached the first wall of the
town; but,
,in spite of all his exertions, the enemy
was compelled, by the exemplary valour of the
gartison, to retreat with considerable loss, and take up
4 position in the neighbourhood. As sotto as General
Count Passewitsch was informed ut this event, he sent
two regiments of infinity, a regiment of Cossacks, and'
tan pieces 4 lemma, to the miter ut Akhalzik, and fur the
protections)/ the other fort esses occupied by our troops
in that neighbourhood. Meantime Aktiatzik was clOsely
bl•-ckaded,and the garrison,whach A as not numerous,con
tinuatly resisted the repeated attacks of the enemy. and
constantly repulsed them, under the command or Major
Gen. Prince Beboutoff,Governi,r of the fortre,+.The rapid
match of our reinforcements was checked by the enemy
on the K urn. This river winds in a ravine, through
which the toad from Georgia to Akhalzik passes, and it
has to be crossed twice at the distant: in fifty and forty-
two wersts from the fortress. Colonel Bourstoff, with
the head of the column, composed of five companies of
infantry, two hundred and fifty Cossacks, and five
cannon, arrived on the 11th of March at the first pas--
sage, made himself master of it, and detached a com-
pany of Cossacks to the second passage; but the CO,
sacks were obliged to come back again, having met with
a strong detachment of the enemy. For two days the
Turks etweavoured to make themselves masters of the
passage occupied by our brave troops, who repulsed
viers alias ks- with valour, and maiutained their position,
'hough a pars of the eueruy's tie ups h.,cl occupied the
heigiits,and thrown down enormous stones upon them to
conpel them to retire. Oa the 13. h Match, the Tut ks not
repeating their attack, W. Bourstoff took advantage of
tho interval to construct rai 'solid made his a hole detach-
ment cross over to the right bank of the river, in order.
to turn the enemy by following the road along that
bank, and to get possession of the second passage. This
movement was commenced in the evening of the 13th
of March. The aarryw stream of the Kowa alone se,
paroled our troops from the watch fires of the Turks,
whose conversations they could hear, but they marched
in such profound silence that they were not observed by'
the enemy, who at day-break seeing us masters of the
second passage, and finding themselves thus cut off
fuku Akhalzik, dispersed among the mountains, and
entirely disappeared. ... •
Meantime the enemy.% corps blockading Akhalzik
received information of the approach of the reinforces
meat before the latter could reach its destination, and
raised the siege on the 16th of March, before sunrise.
feta eating precipitately and in disorder. Major General
Prince Beboutoff took advantage of this circumstance
to make a sally, and notwithstanding the fatigue which
the troops had undergone from the 4th Match, having
been almost constantly on the ramparts, he pursued the
enemy for some went. with some companies of infantry,
killed a great many men, captured four cannon, one
mortar, two standards, a great quantity of ammunition,
and many prisoners, the number of whom was not ex-'
icily known when the report was sent off, because more
were every moment brought in. The detachment of
polonel Bourstoff entered Akhalsik the same day.—
Joorrfaiie. Pelersiargh, April 11.
(MUSA, Aram 1.
the 21st of. March, f 9 vessels of various deserip-
nom and siaesrhired by the Government, have arrived
frotri ICovarcia, Varna. blangalia, Constantinople, and
rither places, all in ballast, and a brigantine from Kos-
tondji with military store-.
BERLIN, As=
The accounts ham Warsaw of the 16th say that great'
-damage has been done by the overflowing of the Bug
and the Narew. All the bridges on both rivers had been
swept away by the ice and the flood. At Konigsberg
the water had fallen three feet on thelstb,Ont the danger
was stdl greitt-ProaSiss Stati Ciairefte, April 21.
. AS.STERPA 1111. 'Aram U.
• Excbaugh on L0nd0n...12 02 ; two mouthy 1195.

FRENCH PAPERS,

UM TEM 041211TT1 DI FRANC 4 APRQ li.

PARIS, Aram 24.
The Constilutionnei and Jo/Irma:do Debits announce
to-day that the Duke de Laval (Ambassador at Vienna)
was appointed Minister fur Foreign Affairs, is the Coun-
cil yesterday.
The Moniker does not contain this nomination.
The Augsburg Casette speaks of a misunderstanding
between Admiral Heyden and Admiral Malcolm, te•
specting the Egyptian vessels captured by the Russians
The English Admira), it is stated, demanded that they
should be restored ; bin the Russian Admiral refissed,
observing that his atvernment, being at war: with the
Porte, could not allow the Egyptians should send as-
sistance to the Tueks, and make of theibland of Candia
a militaty depot, which the Russian marine could not
regard with indifference.
Sir P. Malcolm, it is said, yielded t" the solidity of
these arguments, and the captured ships were con-1
dusted to Egina. The same letter announces that the
'Greeks have. recovered their advantage. in Livadia,
and that the quarrels between the Greeks sad the Al-
banians greatly contributed to Ibis succe.s..
• A Journal Ay. that Mr. Gotd•tn, Ambassador from
'.his Britannic Majesty to the Ottnman'Prrte, has arrived
at Paris. and Utast he will: set out 101 his pirstnest week.
Hi, Escellency, its-fact, set out fnr Naples four days
ago. and will embark in that city for Con tantinople.
[The Message,- des elsitsibres and the other paper.
contain no foreign news.]

BUENOS, AYRES PAPERS.

vaou EL TIMPO, TEL 11.
The pressure of time would not allow us yesterday to
add any reflection to ow publication of Colonel Suatees
dispatch. The vicinity of Pergamino has been a place of
warning to the banditti, like that of Navarra?, Blood
has been shed in abundance, and although it is ex-
tremely satisfactory to us to have announced the triumph
of order over anarchy, it is painful to us, whilst we
trace these lines, to suppress the just indignation
which every honest man must feel against the authors
of this war, which has not even the character of a
civil war. We have stated before that the present con-
te,t is a struggle between knowledge and ignorance
—between civilization and baib4rity—between for-
tune acquired by industry, and the wretchidness into
which the vicious have precipated themselves—finally,
the struggle which the Ministers of Justice wage with
highway robbers. But who is responsible for the blood
that has been shed at Palmitac, and in still greater pro-
fusion at Navarro? To whom is Buenos Ayres in-
debted for the grand service of uniting all the discon-
tented in a mass, whom the open field conceale%
and its whose pursuit it became necessary to employ
Iwo months before they could be exterminated 7
i All this is due to four or six individuals, resident at
`Buenos Ayres, whom every one points ow with the
finger, and whom it gives us pain to pass by in silence.
It is owing to the ferocious man called Rnsas, who,
hidden at Santa Fe, freed from ail danger, to which he
would have exposed his life in batik, ,-tits up the file
at a distance, and puts himself under prntection again.'
.a distant cooffigt•tiov. It is further using to Lopez,
the Governor of Santa Fe, who nil only has granted a
hospitable reception to his ringleader. for which we
do mat blame him, but f r giving torn the means of
maintaining an intercourse with Molina and the rest.
the effect of which WAS ts compromise these robbers
more and more, and to ernbo!den them until they could
dare to oppose the troops and forces of public older, to
triumph 'and sa'k the capital as they had desolated
varius•parti if the country. It is and yet two years
ago since Don Manuel Cerpes, after having lain many
years in this public prison, for cattle stealing. was sen-
tenced by his Judges to four years exile. This man
w is no doubt undergoing his sentence when he fled,
arrived here, and became Secretary at War !! This
scandal exceeds the boundaries of ridicule; nevertheless
the individuals called Federals believe that the method,
the means, and the persons they have availed themselves
of to support a cause as infamous as it is desperate, do
them honour.
Lip-a Kill not, hereafter, insult and attack Gs with
impunity. .

PROM EL TIMM FEB -16.
PARTICULARS OF THE ENGAGEMENT AT PAL-
• MITAS, ON THE Tref INSTANT.

TALA, Tea: 11.—The undersigned Colonel, calcu•
lating (a, soon as he received the •intrlligeace. which
he transmitted on the 6th instant to the Inspector
tieneral, Chief of the Staff, that the Chieftain Mo.
lina had, on the sth, arrived with his force at the
Lake of Gomez, and proceeded onward), that they
would march to Wines* and ' Arroyo del Media,
to incorporate themselves with those of Santa Fe,
instantly ordered Colonel Vilela to march with his
regiment of men of colour to Arroyndel Media, to draw
their attention to that part, whilst the undersigned should
march to Perpamino, as a point where the movements
of the Chief Molina might be obsesveri, and his opera-
lions be defeated. There be arrived after a march of
fifteen leagues, with the regiments..of Hussars and the
17th, who encamped at nine o'clock oa the night of :he
6th. Next day, at nine in the morning, he received in.
formation from his spies that four. men had arrived that
were unknown, and made anxious inquiries after Don
Joan Manuel Roses and the Hussars, when he immt‘
diately detached Ensign Don Sebastian Artigarraga,
and fuer men, to seize them. This brave officer fulfilled
his commission exactly, pursuing them until he took
them prisoners in sight of a party of fifty men, whom
Molina had sent to cover his camp.
.At half past 12 he received from the said officer in-
telligence that he had left Molina, with the rest of his
force, at a distance of four leagues from Palmitas.The
undersigned started at two Ir. M. with all the haste re-
quisite on.such an occasion, for the aforesaid place, be-
ins persuaded that the banditti meant to retreat. But
these wretcheenot only omitted to avoid the shock, but
awaited it valiantlynay, intrepidly. At four o'clock
the division arrived at their bivouac, and found them
there drawn up in line—a corps of SOO men strong at
their rig r, leaning on a mountain; the left wing, 2001
strong,• forming the continuance of the same line at
a considerable interval ; whilst the centre was
equi-di►tant hom both wings. The line of battle
was formed in Sight of them, Lieut.-Colonel Pringle
being ordered to charge the enemy's rigift with the
17th Regiment, leaving half •irf the tear g!Xitd on
the irk to flank them if Deceased; nod Segnat-
Alajor Meilen, with a squadron of Hussars. with

• 4. •
Pains Sisvgrangwest.

another moiety of fiank.en; and Colonel Harper, with
a squadrort cf reserve, on the cents; protecting the
chatge• on both sides, and at the same time threat-
ening the front. Matters being thus dispmed, they
were charged and put to a: 'shameful Bight, and
pursued for a distance of eight leagues in irarious.di-
rections, as the banditti dispersed themselves, leaving
their camp covered with drad, which, as it was eaceed-
ingly extensive, their number cannot well be 6se.'. ant
this, hoe ever, cannot be below 200 (amongst whom is
Capt. Segura, of the line), and leaving in our hand, 180
prisoners rank and 61e, Adjutant Major Mesa, and Lion
Manuel Capes, the Secretary of War, Aisne, aisoffierr,
400 stand of atlas in pistols and 'swords, and 1,500
bones; besides which we have liberate.) from their
hands Col. Don Mariano Garcia. and Citizen Don Joss
Zenon Videla, whom they had taken pi isontr, ; whilst
we had on our side hot two slightly wounded.
The undersigned Commanaer woui,f net lect his
duty if he should fail strongly to recommend to the Su-
pseme Government, by the intervention I the Inspec-
t:it Genentl, the brilliant conduct of D,o Mariana
Hacha, of the Hussar regiment, who, at die bead ot,bis
reserve, attended most gallantly to every thing; Don
Pasqua' Pringle, Lintenant Colonel of the seventeenth,
who led his troops with the greatest gallantly td-the
charge; Don Pedro Joie Melia's, the brave Sergeant
Major of Hussars, who, after having deleated. the
enemy's left. charged the other eztrenii:y, stnti /e-
-duced Molino's force to twenty men, u ith *hum he
escaped, owing to the superiority if their horse ; to
Don Nicolas Grenada, and Damn Jnse Segundo de It is.
of the Hussars, and to Don Pedro Jo,e Domingues,who
discharged their duties with &mile's; to Adjutant
Major Don Manuel Merin, Lieutenant Don Cot i in M 4r-
tines, to the Ensign Thomas Nies, and Don Sebastian
Artigarraga, who distinguished thems-lae• in a mantes.
worthy the consideration uf Government, ike.
(Signed) lIIDORO SUAREZ..
To the Inspector General, and Chief of the
Stain Don Ignacio Alvarez.
WWII LA GACZTA lICQCAtiTIL, PM 23.

'A report was ir. circulation the day brfore yesterday
that the Dictator. Fr ancia, had opened his ports to all
the provinces, those of Buenos Ayres excepted. Not-
withstanding the authority of some corr...pondents- at
Santa Fe and Entre Rios is cited, we doubt the tact, a.nd
.shall now state our reasons why—.
The basis on which the policy of Francia is founded
is a state of perfect separation or seclusion. Ttos man
believed that the only way of consolidating:his illegiti-
mate power was to cut off all communications with his
neighbours. Although his administration doe* not ail.
fet mvch..from the actual Government of the other
provinceVlViaunst have feasett that the fOrms tit ap-
parent liberty preserved in claim would prejudice the
absolutism which' he has iriliolfuced into Parao..y: •
Mmenver, what is to be gained dy coming intit con-
tact with people t.."4ore poor-e:that are de.titutf of
industry, andoroaffunier a state of slavery, fining to
their owes want of euerey and de:animation to shako
off the chains that oppress then.? .
Wfrat will be the end of this monstrous accrtinsaation
of rowers which Francia has usurped ? Will he be.again
coodenined to sotitude? But &If relit titres have now
cre.a into the heads of his people. that wee once lolled
asleep; as they are new imtikr, it sill riot be-easy
.0 oppress them again.
We are not sorry for it, nor do we admire the br.nome.
able exception he has made of out selves. An j
people, whose victor:on; standards have traversed the
whole country from the shores of the Atlantic t.• to
of the Facitic—a people not ticketed by eighteen )eats
labour, which has displayed more 2.41 in sett•ng np
others than in enjoying its own libertv-,-such a people
did not deserve the outrage that Ft aneill'should declass.*
himself its Ally.

FROM EL TIEMPO, FEB. 23.
Prices of Ssocks, &c. the day before ya.tettlay.
Doubloons.6o I Four per Ceht. en proportion
Spanish donuts, 295 per cent. Rank shares. 206
Patriot dollars, 255 Silver, Plata you, 21 22.. r les
Sliver, 165 170 I Discount, 2 per cent. per tootiip
Mx per fins. Stock, 514 Ditto on 1;

MUTINY ow BOARD A SOUTH SBA .WHALtit.
• FROM THR SiNOMPORI CHROI►ICLR. AVO 14.

A fine French ship, La Rose, arrived•here a foo-ilays
agn, from the western coa►i of South America, and still
remains in the roads. She touched, on her way lasidaea,
at the Marquisas Islands, from whence she has brought
Captain Gulliver, lately a commander of a Soirtli Sea
whaler, called the Cretan, belonging to London, and
awned by Messrs. Alexander, Birdie, and Son, of
that city. The Cretan, it appears, sailed from Ply-
mouth on the 23d of M arch, 1827, und, in the fast
instance, to Oraheite, with the intention of proceeding
afterwards to fish for whales in the South liens. They
at rived safely at Otaheite on the 25th of Aurst 1827;
and having.landed some passengers sailed again oti the
21st ofSeptembei for the Gallipago Islands, which they
made on the Bth of December, and continued hing
from thence to the Marquesas, coming to an incline In
Resolution Bay, in Saute Christiana, one of those Isl., ds,
o•n the Ist or 2.1 of Match of the present Year. Captain
Gulliver had Dot been there many daa s bylore symp-
toms of insubprdina ion showed themselves among Eire
crew, a number of whom quitted the vessel.
Abut the 15th of March, wine oldies* men were re-
taken and confined by Captain Gulliver under hatchet.
upon which the rest of the crew rose in mutiny and for
liberated them, declaring that they would net suffer
them to be confined, nd after wards, on the, 17th, when
ordered to get the vessel under weigh, instead of obey-
ing, they pointed the guns aft, and arming themselvet
with the lances and other implements employed in whale
fishing, declared their resolution not to weigh anchor
whilst Captain Gulliver or the third mate remained on
board, or that if they did, they would whin they got
to sea either cut their throats or turn them both • adrift
in a boat, and that, with this befoie him, Captairf Gut•
liver might either go or stay. In this untowaralplilemnia,
Captain Gulliver seeing no reason to suppose. hour the
temper of the crew, that they would hesitaaatoput tbair
threats in execution, allowed himself with the. third
mate, to be landed- on Santa Christiana, whilst the
mutineers, fearing perhaps some attempt on th. part of
Captain Gulliver to recover the vessel by assiitiance.of
the natives% immediately pot to sea.. Captain jaolliw
remained on Santa Christians, until taken of by La
Rose, on the 24th of May. The third mate chose to re-
main behind, iwhopes of having some opportunity of
returning direct to England.
