BONAPARTE.

The following notice of the death. of BONAPARTE
occurs in the additional volume which has just ap-
peared, of the ingenious M. DUPIN's 44 Voyages darts
la Grand Bretagne." It is in the author's usual style—
sententious and eloquent ; and, making a little allow-
ance for national feeling, points at some strong truths :

" At the moment when the last pages of this work are passing
through the press, the telegraphic signals are announcing to the
European Continent, that the Chief of the ei-devme Empire has
ceased to be a prisoner—they proclaim his death! Happy those
writers, who, forced by their subject to speak of his labours, or
of his actions, have never forgot the respect due to misfortune,
and have never insulted the captivity of the warrior who so often
conducted a great people to victory ! Borne aloft like some na-
tional trophy upon the bucklers of the soldiery ; crowned in the
midst of triumph ; saluted Elder Son of the Church and Re-
storer of the Faiti.r; made the Anointed of the Loan by the Pon-
tiff of Pontiffs: at last, having acquired Kings• for his subalterns,
Emperors for his courtiers; having seen his friendship supplicated
by the Caesars as is blessing from the Gals ! t intoxicated with
adulation, raised to too great a height of prosperity, he felL
On a sudden, those sceptres, which until now lay subject at
his feet, fell heavy upon his head. From the sacred pulpiti,
which had resounded with the most servile tributes to his fame,
nothing now was heard but abuse and malediction. All his flat-
terers, all the corrupters of his fortune, dishonoured the elo.
quence of their first praises by the ignominy of their last out.
rages. They reproached him with a life which they bad adored,
and were indignant that he did not abridge it by the crime of sui-
cide ! But he dies, and their joy is smothered to give place to the
hypocrisy of grief; last refinement of a polished age ! Such are,
however, the least of the lessons which the fall of a conqueror
presents to the prosperity of kings. The man, so famous fur
his achievements, so brilliant in conception, so great by his bat-
tles; he who thought, witff monuments of glory and of conquest,
to recompense us for our ravished liberties; he who wished to
reduce to slavery the blacks of a French colony, saw himself de-
livered to slavery by the Potentates whom he had reckoned
among his tributaries ; and. after six years of captivity, he expires
on the rock of proscription, between the Continent which pro-
duces slaves and the Colonies which devour them. Such is the
result of that science y power preached for twenty years' past by
so many apostles, with so much insolence. It strikes dead the
genius itself which invented it—and such a genius !"

• " Ut haberet instruments virtutis et reges."—Tacit.
t " L'amitie d'un grand homme est un bienfait des Dieux.“—
VOLT. &Ale.— ERFURT.
This note will not, as it stands, be. generally intelligible to
English readers. The Censorship under which the French
Press groans seems to have compelled M. Durex to speak here
in enigmas. He alludes, it is believed, to an anecdote well
known in the saloons of Paris, respecting the memorable meet-
ing at Erfurt between the Emperor Ataxas-nza and BONAPARTE.
VOLTAIRE'S CEdiptu was acted in the presence of the two illus-
trious personages, and on one of the characters repeating the
words " L'amitie d'un grand homme," &c. the Emperor Acsx-
A ?ME& rose and braved profoundly to Naeotion ! What a com-
mentary on this sublime act of homage is furnished' by subse-
quent events!—Trans.

The Sieur BA RGINET, author of a pamphlet, enti-
tled De la Rcine d'Angleterre et de Napoleon; FEE.,
DINA N D FLocoN, one of the Editors of the Courier
Francais, author of another pamphlet, entitled A
Francais Charles Joseph aNapoleon ; VIBA I LLE, author
of a pamphlet, entitled Il n'est pas Mort; and the
Sieurs TERRY and BRA SSEUR, editor and printer of
the two latter works, have been ordered to be tried
before the Court of Assizes at Paris, by an arret of
the Chamber of Accusation of the Cour Royale.

Monday, the Archbishop of CANTERBURY left
Bishopsbourn, 'on his return to Lambeth Palace, in
order to be in readiness to, attend his duties as one of
the Lords Justices of the Kingdom.
The Duchess of Dttcar.svou has left Montagu Villa,
Richmond, for a three 'weeks visit to Cheltenham.
A Comet is expected to appear about the end of,
1821, or the beginning of .1822.
When Captain GoLowivis and his companions were
in Japan, they were subjected to many examinations.
These were spun out to an endless length. The
course taken was something like this:
You say you come from Russia, with whom were you brought
up there ?—With my uncle.
What complexion has your uncle?—Fair.
How tall is your uncle .—Six feet high.
Has your uncle a tail, or does he wear his hair cut close?
—He has it cut.. .

By whom ?—A barber. •
What is the barber's name?—Alexis Itomenzow.
Is the barber married?—Yes.
What sort of a person is his wife?—She is a short fat woman.
How many children has she had?—Eleven.
What are their names, ages, dispositions, lice.

On the day for renewing the licenses of the
cans in a town in the West Riding of Yorkshire, one
of the Magistrates said to an old woman who kept a
little alehouse, that he trusted she did not put any
pernicious ingredients into the liquor, to which she
replied, " There is naught parnishous put into our
barrels but the Exciscinan's stick r

The internal repair and decoration of the magnifi-
cent structure of Canterbury Cathedral, will, ere long,
be restored to its primitive appearance. The dome of
the tower has been painted and regilt, and the stone-
work completely cleansed and refreshed.
About four thousand copies of " The Kines Letter,"
containing his MaJEssx's parting admonition and in-
junction to his faithful people of Ireland, were re-
ceived in the County of Mayo by the Mail, from the
Committee in Dublin, which has been appointed for
the purpose of giving the most extensive publicity to
'that highly interesting and important document.
Writs of Inquiry were executed on Thursday last,
at the Town Hall, Chichester, before GEORGE MART,
Esq. Under Sheriff, in four actions brought against
the City, under the 57th George 111. for damages
done by the mob, on the night of the illumination
which took place in consequence of the Bill of Pains
and Penalties against her late MAJESTY being with-
drawn ; and the following sums were awarded by
the Jury :—General litctiou.s, £l3. 3s.—Mrs. E.
DIGGENS, a.. ss. 3d.—J. B. FREELAND, Esq. El 1. 15s.
and Mr. ROPER, C. Is. 2d. It was stated on behalf
of the several plaintiffs, that their main inducement
for entering on these prosecutions was, to convince
those who engage in such disgraceful outrages, that
in point of fact they do no real injury to the person
whose property they attack, but, in the end, the da-
mages sustained come out of the pockets of their
fellow-citizens at large.
A pier is constructing at Plymouth for the purpose
of watering the ships of a lir, without taking out their
casks: brought alungside the pier, the vessels will
receive their water by means of leather pipes, from
a 4ne spring a short distance from this useful mbrk.

7
