r_

.

WIDISTMcIia)*ER ELECTION.

"s, FIFTH DAY.
Wring V; whole of yesterday the proceedings of
the crowd were similar to those of the day before.
Parties of Sir Francis Burdett's friends paraded the
streets, appeared at intervals before the hustings,
and were received with load applause. When any
person was seen to vote for Sir Murray Maxwell, he
was saluted with shouts of execration. •The brutal
conduct of the mob towards the Naval Candidate, is
in truth, more disgraceful to those whose cause they
espouse than to the Officer whom they outrage.
At the close of the poll, the numbers declared were
as follow :
Sir Samuel Romilly 2516
Sir Francis Burdett 2171
Sir Murray Maxwell 2189
Mr. Hunt 53
The superiority of Sir Francis Burdet's numbers
over Sir Murray Maxwell's was received by the crowd
with cheers, which continued till Sir Murray Max-

well manifested a desire to address them. Nearly

the same scene which we described hi our Paper of
yesterday then ensued, except that the spittle was
not thrown with such violence or in such quantities.
The young Gentleman in a naval uniform, who
has attendel Sir Murray Maxwell on the hustings
from the commencement of the election, who is the

Honourable Mr Legge, brother to Lord Dartmouth,
stepped forward and attempted to srcak, but the
crowd would not hear him, and sooty rags and dirt
were thrown at him in such a manner, that he was

finally obliged to retire.
MURRAYSii MAXWELL said, that he perceived the
tide of popular favour to be turned upon him—(.4
shower of dirt.) Those who were so conducting them-
selves did not hear what he was saying. To all Eng-
lishmen he thought it would have a favourable effect
that hr could stand fire and water—that he could so
firmly bear all the treatment with which they re-
ceived him. It would have been, he confessed, =Ai

more agreeable for him to have withstood the can•
non of an enemy, and to have been fighting the bat•
ties of his country, than to be in his present situation.
Many gentlemen had come forward that day deco-
rated with blue ribbands--and why had they so come
forward? Because they felt that mud and spittle
could not hurt them. It had been mentioned that a
Gentleman connected with the Administration had
crime forward and voted for him. He had come,
however, entirely unsolicited on his part. Nobly and
intrepidly he had appeared, and voted for the man
whom he considered deserving of his suffrage. He
could assure the Electors, that with that Gentleman
he had never even so much as exchanged wordsalur-
ing his whole life. He had seen him but very sel-
dom—he might almost say but once. He had seen
hiaa when he had been received with three cheers by
the House of Commons on the conclusion of peace—
that peace which was so highly estimated by all of,
them. He had likewise seen him when he had had the
King of Prussia on one side, and the Emperor of
litatasia on the other. He was not partial to any man,
nor bound to any one ; and to shew that he was not
considered as such, he might mention, that a person
who had taken a brave part in the battle of Trafal-
gar had given a plumper to one of his opponents.
He had heard that they had torn down the colours
which had been fixed on the of scaffolding: his
was the Union Jack of Old England; and there never
was a greater moment than when that flag was tri-
umphant over the Richardsons, the Bruces, the Wil-
sons, and the Sturchcs of another country. Ile was
glad to see the colours of that flag worn by their fair
countrywomen in their bosoms. He hoped that, if
they had seen what they were doing, they would
never have pulled down that flag as they had done.
Many of their bosoms, no doubt, glowed with feel-
ings of indignation at the treatment of that flag. Let
them recollect the glories of their ancestors—the
deeds performed by them at Poictiers, at Cressy, and
at Agincourt, and remember how in later times the
arms of their country had put to flight and overcome
the blood-stained eagle of Imperial France; and then
let them consider how they ought to treat those who
would hold up to them such achievements, and stand
forward their defenders. Yet there were people who
would endeavour to obliterate all such things from
their recollection. For what would they have them
fxget the Henrys and the Edwards? Why, for the
heroes of Spafields and Palace-yard I—Would they
have the hardihood to present themselves as fit per-
sons to represent that great City? No person could
have ever expected Westminster would have suffered
such an indignity; yet she had felt the insult, and
felt it without a disposition to resent it. Sir Murray
Maxwell concluded by thanking them for the sup-
lairt they had given him, and wishing them a good
night, withdrew.—(Through the whole of his speech,
the noise was so great, that we could scarcely hear
one sentence in con iexion with another.)
Mr. Deuce announced Mr. Kinnaird, the friend of
Sir Francis Burdett.
Mr. KINHAIRD stepped forward, and in a short
time silence was obtained.—The first duty, he said,
.which he had to discharge was in the name of the in-
• depeadence of Westminster—in the um:. of their
consistency, aed character, and history, during the
last fifteen years—in the name of him who had ever
been their greatest pride—!applause)—in the name of
Sir Francis Burdett, to return them his most grateful
thanks. He had to congratulate them on the poll
. of the day, by which they had now placed the gal-
lant Captain from China third on the poll (applause.)
He would find that he had not Chinese Mandarins
• to canvass here, but an independent British public.
. Having discharged that duty which he owed to Sir
Francis Burdett, he trusted they would now allow!
him, in as few words as possible, to say a few wordi
ist favour of himself. His name appeared on the
board along with the other candidates: he was glad
that that name was now withdrawn. It had been put
there without his consent, and it had been withdrawn
without his consent ; and both for the very same rea-
son, that it had been thought for their good. He had
no pretensions pet sonally to their favour—his only
pretensions were, the principles which he maintained.
• The gallant Captain told them that he was not fit to
sUceired Lord Cochrane—that he had nothing of the
jolly Jack about him, as he thirst not strew his face.
(Cries of 'Bravo! Kinnaird.") He thought he had
some reason to complain of his want of candour; as
he knew the business on which he was absent, which
rusts to find a seat elsewhere. Ile was engaged else-

where. He we, engegcd in an endeavour to break
up .a rotten Borough ; and thougll he had not yet
fixed his standard there, he trusted he had obtained
such a footing as would enable him to prove ulti-
mately successful. In such a Cause defeat was glo-
rious, He was proud that his name was put up with-
out any personal claim to recommend him to their
notice: the only claim which he had for their sup-
port was the cause which he and they supported.—
When the history of Westminster was disconnected
with that cause, it would be like many of the rotten
Boroughs, little better than a shuttlecock driven
about between the contending factions. They had
placed Sir Francis Burdett above the Court Candi-
date ; but they had done nothing yet ; they ought
not to he satisfied till they placed Sir Francis Bur-
dett 5030 a-head of every other Candidate. He en-
peeated the gallant Captain that he might see how
far he was beneath Sir Francis Burdett, or any other
supporter of the cause of the people. He wished to
allude to a report which had gone abroad. The
cause of Sir Francis Burdett was quite different from'
the cause of any other person. He certainly saw a
most inauspicious circumstance with respect to the
votes for two of the other Candidates. They were
told to rescue themselves from a junta by whom they
were kept in subjection. Were they willing to say
that during the last 15 years they had been in a state
of degradation? The friends of one of these Can-
didates who had not spoken, had told them that in
voting for him they were rescuing themselves from
disgrace. Should he tell them what disgrace? It
.was for preventing Reform that they asked the people
for their suffrages. The fact was, that neither of
the other two Candidates, nor any of their friends,
said one word about Reform. When one of the
Candidates told them that he had fought the battles
of his country, they might tell him that he wore
that uniform for the purpose of fighting. The other
Candidate had not stated the grounds on which
he was desirous to be returned with Sir Francis'
Burdett. As far as he knew the two Candidates,
he believed them both to be 'respectable men.--
As for Sir Samuel Romilly, he believed him to be
'possessed of every private virtue, but did that alone
entitle him to be ranked in their opinion beside Sir
Francis Burdett, Westminster's pride and England's
hope ? He regretted extremely that he had not bad
an opportunity of hearing the gallant Captain ;—he
regretted also, that he had not yet heard what reform
the other candidate advocated ; for till he heard that,
tie considered himself altogether uninformed as to
his qualification for representing them. He knew of
no coalition between Sir Francis Burdett and Sir Sa-
muel Romilly—and there could be none—Men who',
set out from different points and went straight for-
ward could never meet. He hated the word coali-
tion—coalition meant roguery—it meant the sacrifice
of the public interest to private interests. He had
been told that the friends of the Ministerial Candi-
date, and of the other Candidate, canvassed for each
other—(Cries of No, no,from several Gentlemen on the
Hustings.)—Geatlemen, said Mr. Kinnaird, you your-
selves can best answer this question. Have you ever
asked votes for Sir Francis Burdett and Sir Samuel
Romilly ?—There was a card which he held in his
hand, printed Burdett and Romilly—he wished them
to know that it came not from the friends to the cause
of reform—(tearing the card.)—The great object of
the Electors was that of procuring Reform. Any
one who would pledge himself to that doctrine, might
depend upon a vote from him, but it must be after'
Sir Francis Burdett had distanced all his opponents
to the amont of five thousand ; then the other clai- '
mants, on popular grounds, might vindicate and
establish their pretensions.
Sir Roaeste WissoN said, that as an Elector of
Westminster he believed he was authorised to ask per-
mission to address them, as the chosen Representa-
tive of the most free, populous, and independent
Borough in the Kingdom, he might further presume
to assert his claim—(applause). As an Englishman,
zealous for the honour and liberties of his country,
he might also take advantage of the title with which
that supplied him, to address those who, like him-
self, contended for free and independent princples, to
express his sentiments on the present momentous oc-
casion. Encouraged by the example which the Elec-
tors of Westminster had set them, the Men of South-
wark undertook a task which some considered as
presumptuots, which even his own friends regarded
as impracticable, and which never could have pros-
pered but for the energies of patriotism—those ener-
giei, which must be put in action before they could
be computed—(loud and continued applause). Under
those circumstances the Electors of Southwark had
grappled with corruption—had struggled with, and
triumphed over it—(load applause). They hoped to
find in Westminster a spirit similar to their own, and
to that which they had themselves enkindled, but
unfortunately they discovered, that in consequence of
the differences which prevailed amongst the friends ofl
freedom, the enemy had attempted to make a lodge-
ment
in the citadel of freedom itself—(loud applause).
It was painful, exceedingly painful to him, to stand
in opposition to the claims of a brother officer—of a
brother officer in that profession which he had always
considered the constitutional bulwark of England,
and to whose spirit, generosity, and hospitality, he
had been indebted for the last '25 years, Li the course
of his career in the other service, to an amount of
gratitude which he felt that he never could discharge.
But as he came forward there, not merely standing
on the ground of his profession, but fighting under
another flag—the flag under which their liberties
had been wrecked--(applause)—as he came forward,
if not the acknowledged, the uncontradicted defender
of that system by which Spies and Informers were
encouraged, the fundamental laws of the country
were endangered, and the source of justice was de-
nied—( applause ). A man defending those principles
was not the man to represent the City of Westminster.
He (Sir Robert Wilton) bad voted yesterday for Sir
Samuel Romilly and Sir Francis Burdett: he wished
to state to them the motives upon which he had
done so. He had voted for Sir Samuel Romilly, be-
cause he believed him to be, not a mere philanthro-
pist in theory, but a practical friend of his fellow-
meti—(loud app/ause)—because he was a man iden-
tified with every measure introduced during his time
into Parliament, whirls went to avert public calamity
or mitigate private misfortune— (loud applause)—
because he was a friend to that reform which was
best calculated to advance their true interests, and
establish the prosperity of the country—.(feud ap-
plause )—a man who defended the oppressed against

the oppressor, who was a firm friend of freedom,
4ind he might say who embraced
1, ....mom.. an the world, and reason, life, and sense..
In one blest system of benevolence :''
—(Applastee). Or. Sir Robert Heron's Motion fur
the Repeal of the Septennial Act, which had been
discussed a few days before the end of the &nista,
in the minority would be found the name of Romilly.
Was there any necessity, then, for his stating mo-
tives for Sir Samuel Romilly's becoming a Candidate
for Westminster—(Cries fNa, no, front allparts,'aisd
great applause ). As to his vote for Sir Francis Bur-
dett it was unnecessary to assign his motifes. His
very name would present to their minds an accumu-
lated title to their suffrages—(Laud apAsuse).--His
character might be described like that of the ancient
*min, who .e life was said to be innocent, whose
talent splendid, and who, in the discharge of his,
duty, was described to be undaunted and inflexible
(Great applause)—who was said to have united in his'
accomplishments and qualities all that education and
nature could confer. That might be said of him
which the dying Athenian had declared of himself,
when he observed to his friends, " You have said
much of me, but one thing you have forptten—you
have not stated that I never made a single citizen
shed one tear !"—(6' scat applause).—lle would ask
them whether they would incur the compunction of
their own minds or the reproach of their friends, as
the foolish Greeks had done when the Barbarians
were at their gates, and offered them only slavery ar
death. He did not care about Committees, but he
would call upon the people of England to support
the freedom of the country, and to shew by their
conduct upon the present occasion, that the voice of
the British people, acting free and independently,
was, according to the fair political interpretation,
the voice of GOD !—(Great applause).
Mr. %Visit/ll came forward on the part of Sir
Samuel Romilly, and contradicted in the strongest
terms, the insinuation made by the last speaker bat
one, of a coalition existing between Sir Samuel Ito-
milly and Sir Murray Maxwell. He could take upon
himself to say, that there was no truth in it—( Loud
applauses.)—After the speech of the worthy Member
for Southwark, there was not much for him to say.
Westminster wanted two independent Representatives.
the friends of Sir Samuel Romilly had never pro-
posed him in opposition to Sir Francis Burdett. Re-
form was necessary—and Triennial Parlitments was
the darling object of Sir Samuel Romilly. To con-
nect him with Sir Francis Burdett ought to be the
object of the. People of Westminster—it was a great
object to have an able arguer, a powerful detector of
sophistry, to assist Sir F. Burdett in his Parliamen-
tary exertions. There was not a single instance in
which Sir Samuel had not voted for Reform, when it
was brought forward in the House. By voting for'
him, they would reflect honour upon him and upon
themselves. Mr. Wishart said, that on the behalf of
the friends of Sir S. Romilly, he had to return them
his thanks for their continued support to that dis-
tinguished and enlightened character. An allusion
had been made by an Honourable Gentleman (Mr.
Kinnaird), who addressed them, to a presumed coa-
lition between Sir S. Romilly and Sir M. Marla'.
How any man could contemplate or believe such a
rumour, was to him inexplicable. But as it had been
alluded to, he begged boldly and unequivocally to
declare, that there was no truth in it— (applauses.)—
After the eloquent speech they had just heard from
the popular Member for Southwark, it was unneces-
sary to trespass longer on their atter.tion. Sir Sa-
muel Romilly never was propossd in opposition to
Sir Francis Burdett. The object was to have West-
minster independently and suitably represented by
them both. The public life of Sir Samuel ltornilly
was before them—(" True," from the erowd.)—His
zeal for the Constitutional rights of the people, his
stern and unbending opposition to every thing like
oppression—his solicitude to restore the principles of
the glorious Revolution of 1688—these were the titles,
which recommended him to the regard of his coun
try, and to the suffrages of the Electors of Westmin-
ster. When tha Ministers were surrounding themselves
with an array of Crown Lawyers in the House of
Commons to support their system, were the people
to ba left without a firm and constitutional advocate
to watch them in their practices, and set at defiance
their sophistry and false arguments ? To uphold that
character, no man was so competent as Sir Samuel
Romilly—(applauses.)
Mr. CLEARY, • amidst loud applauses, presented
himself next. He said, he then introduced himself in
a very different character to that he appeared in when
on former occasions he had the honour of addressing
them. He might now say that he had proved a pro-
phet. He had told them, that he was as certain as
t.r.tt he was a living man, that within two days Sir
Francis Burdett would top the Ministerial Candidate.
Ile now pledged himself that he should shortly be
far at the head of the poll. 'That was the station
which his merits and his principles deserved at the
hands of the Electors of Westminster. It would be
an abandonment of the principles which they pro-
fessed, and for the last ten years steadily acted upon,
tti return as their representative tny but a radical reel
former, determined, like Sir Francis Burdett, to fight'
the people's cause, on the ground of universal free-
dom—(Cheers.) It may be true, that Sir Samuel
I Romilly, from the nature of his situation, in being
returned for a Borough, was heretofore shackled.
To be therefore the second Member, might have the,
effect of unshackleing him on the question of Re-1
form. At all events, the people of Westminster would,
watch narrowly his conduct, and as another dissolu-
tion might-shortly be expected if he was returned at!
present, he must prepare himself for a satisfactory
declaration on the subject of Reform. As to Captain
Sir Murray Maxwell, it might be necessary in the
present state of the poll, to examine a little into the,
claims which he had on the suffrages of the Electors
of Westminster. The most prominent claim, it seemed,
was, that he went on a fool's errand tq China His
Chinese Majesty, according to the account given by
the Yellow Bonze of Japan, was so much surprised
at the absurdity of the visit, that he insisted on the
gallant Captain knocking his head nine times on the
ground, to ascertain whether he had got any brains.
The Captain, however, declined to satisfy his Chinese
Majesty of the fact, and refused to indulge him with,
the hollow sound, which he appeared apprehensive
the experiment would produce. Now, whether he
had brains, or was conscious of the hollow sound,
certain it was, that on hearing a Chinese gong, the
gallant Captain in a *Ate of alarm, though with

little policy, yet with sane enterprise, fired cd:
he himself described, a devil-may-care-s Lot.
plause). This was no doebt a rare qualitik
for a Rept eseraative for Westmiosttr--(hcor,4ee,
But the exploits did not finish here. He wit(
now preparing to carry the ship of the Stye
safety, has established his tide by losing a1r.,44,
of those 'very vessels which he was prolevian'
taught to navigate. And in order to convict
people of England of the prop! kty of the cpi
which his Chinese Majesty entertained respeasn,
want of brains, he aid ventures to expose ::irns:
the disapprobation of Westminster, in the hope..—,
groundless hope, ci au unsuccessful pursuit;
without any reference to the election of aer
man but Sir Francis Burdett, still he (Mr, cl
felt satisfied that the Electors of VCestrninster to
discriminate between the man of no brains ins
man who possessed them. Much had beet dene
their duty was not yet discharged, untii they p.
far above all the other competitors, that tried
incorruptible patriot at the head of the pril Chz,
Mr. Husr next vented a tirade against ziir Sz.
Romilly during the time he sut in the Cali
(" He never sat is the catinet „" repeated in the a
—Well, he was Solicitor-General—(" Go Awns I
you are a bad Cabinet-asaker").--He would II
firm at his post. It was not his practice et•er v
his back upon his enemies or his friends, or
fly from his colours (Same cheers, with cue.
• Mr. GALL Jowis then came forward, I.d a
proportion of the Meeting left him speaLin

SURREY COUNTY MEETING.

Yesterday morning, at eleven o'clock, the
SHERIFF, with the usual attendants, took his
the Hall, at Guildford, immediately after whicl
part of the building was filled with as many
multitude of Freeholders, assembled from an
of the County, as could obtain admittance.
The Writ having been read, and the usual
passed through—
Mr. TROTTER, after descanting on the gen(
tention of their late Representative to the bu,i
the County and of his Constituents, Lancludeci
address, by proposing G. H. Sumner, Esq. as
the Representatives for the County of Sure,

Mr. Pau seconded the motion.
On Mr. Rainier's sitting down, a Freehol!.,
amongst the crowd begged to offer a few c
tions on what had been said regarding the .
Mr. Samner. Both the preceding speakers h
diously confined themselves to the private au
of Mr. Sumner, but had unfortunately omi
public services of that Gentleman, particular',
valuabl., and independent support of
suspending the Habeas Corpus ; their arbitr
crael imprisonments ; the attempt to revive t
perty Tax ; and, finally, the Rill of Indem:
all those flagrant outrages against their libex
This address excited tumultuous applause
was some minutes before order could be resti
Mr. HOBBERT never offered himself to pu
tice at a period in which he felt more poweri
importance of the crisis. That the people
populous and respectable County should rett
only of ability sad strict integrity, was more
harly important, when they looked to the cf
of the late Parliament ; that Parliament saw
minarion of a contest, the most fearful that c
been waged since the civilization of Europe.
test out of which we had come breathless
hunted, after efforts of constancy and valoir,
eclipsed those of every antecedent perioe; wi
of 800 millions of debt ; with a weight of ta)
had nearly extinguished that most valuaEi
ranks, the middle class of society, and that
poverty in a sphere so extended, thatthe rues
support of the poor in many instance: crew,
value of the What had the late ParEarat2
It had attempted the revival of that mat a
all impositions, the Property, or rather tl:e
Tax ; and for the defeat of that proijert,
were they indebted ? Not to the Parliament
themselves. The Freeholders of this Court,
at the Fleeting at Epsom, passed those str
marked Resolutions which had been so nel)
ted by the arguments of a Gentleman,
talents and known integrity of character, he c,
more abundantly qualified for the repre set,
this County, than any Gentleman within h
led,T ; he meant Mr. Denison, who with ph
could not express, had at last yielded to the
his numerous friends, in offering himself as
date for the County.
Mr. LADDROILE enforced the arguments 01
speaker, and seconded his proposition.
Mr. SUZIKER addressed the Meeting, sta:
lie had fulfilled every pledge that he hal gr
the first day of nomination.
Mr. Divasou, after entering into an hist,
tail respecting former Elections for Sarre!
eagerly embrace this occasion to declare,
i.
of the County, my political principles Sc. bi
in a steady adherence to the Constit,..to
blished at the Revolution in 16NS. And
avow myself to be a steady and lcyal
my Sovereign, I declare myself a roou.;,:ia
enemy to any man or :;iinister who
encroach upon the rights and liberties of
Itegardin,l the relations of this kingdom as
politics, am the friend of peace 3:4 co
abroad—at home, of economy and viorm•
wild and theoretical reform, whir!: vol.,
involve this country in anarchy and in roll
moderate, rational, and p:.;ct hie rete:r.,
conduce to the benefit and happinos •
the State. And of the many objcc....;
ceive the duration of Parliainetiv,

least. lam decidedly of opinion,
to be shortened, and that the expoo-

k)u

nished, so as to render the situation of a
tive of the people accessible to tvery Co'
moderate fortune—that the door may
every respectable character worthy of Pe
dente, and not confined to those ory
possessions—to the man of
well as to the proudest. Gentlemen. asa..;
doctrines of reform and univer al suNr.:,,i
lately been in some places so vehemei-tly u
is not a firmer or more decided or,;e:
feel an absolute conviction, that if by
bility we could suppose them to be el
into practice, the attempt must terminate •
subversion of out rights, our liberties, vitt
