PRANCE.

hunt the Paris Papers of Friday, we extract several ordinances is-
sued by the Etng, and joule other articles of interest.
CHAMBER OF DixurtEs, Au°. 26.
No letter of resignation was read to.day. The order of the day was
th. discussion of the project of a law to grant the Minister of the In.
I.:rior a vote of etttlit of 6.1106,04N1 for carrying on public works. M.
Dupin aaitl„ of the 5,0110 OM it was proposed to set aside two anda
halt for architectural works in Paris. lie should prefer to see fathers of fa.
milks and residents in the city employed before those who hail flowed in
troll: the departments. Of the remainder he proposed that 300;009 francs
should he laid out in encouragement of printed works, and in re-
warding those men w ho had rendered such great service to their country by
mantling foremost to oppose the destruction of national liberty. Instead
of offering rewards to those who invented plans to supersede the manual
work of labourers, he would prefer the more humane system of reward.
ing those who discovered fresh means of employing the ‘.otkinen's
hands shish were now so much dept iced of their accustomed occupa.
tion. lie also advocated the propriety of making the workmen who had
come in from the &pm-minis go back again; and asserted that his pro.
position was not inconsistent with liberty or good order. M. Peton sup.
ported the vote, which he thought. as the subject Was a very delicate
one, should pass without further discussion. lie could not see the pro.
priety of drawing a distinction he:wccn the workmen domiciled at Paris,
:md those who belonged to the department*. M. illeinadier vehemently
protested again,: the distinction which had been made between thework-
men of Paris. and the workmen of the departments. The only differ.
ence that existed between them was, that the latter were poorer than the
dome, r.

" Al. t.—No one dreams of making any distinction between
the two classes.
" !'4 veral voices,' To the vote ! to the vote !
•: N. de Biigneville.—Enough on that point. I move the previous
_ _

'• Mesta tier contended that he was in order ; anti added, that to
the Government alone belonged the credit of suggesting means to force
the wolknien of die departments, unemployed at Paris, home again.
'• IL C. Dupla ran to tht Tribune amidst deafening cries for a
division. Not being able to make himself heard, he folded his arms
and stood at the tribune.

" M. G.Letata de la Rochecoucauld.—President put the question to
the rote.

" The President.--You arc not in possession of the house, M. de
Reeliefinicattid. tl. Dupin Miahne to speak iu explanation.
I" M. Lupin said he had been accused of making a distinction be
tam the two chews of workmen. All he said was, that he should
like to see the sum proposed to be toted expended upon the domiciled-
wor knit n, in pieference to those belonging to the departments.
" Numbers of voices —‘ That is precisely what Is considered dan-
germ's.'

31. Dopin returned to his scat, and r:onvcrticd with great anima-
Our. with one or two members.

•• The division then took place by ballot. Number of voters, :W.
" IYhite ba115........ —2lB
" Black ba115.......... 2. (Marks of surprise.)
" The project was adopted.
A discussion respecting a project of law for reducing to a fixed duty
of 2 frames. the registration of the deeds for loans upon deptits, or mer.
cantile consignments. After touch debate, the project was adopted.
lhinatcay brought forward a proposition for appointing as many
commissions for examining the laws concerning the finance, as these
were ministerial offices. The discussion of the project was fixed for
3hrtday. Several inhabitants of Attu petitioned for modificatiohs of
the existing laws tespecting the press, ant! for the organization of the
National Guards."

(From the Journal dos Debuts.)
M. Ciiroti (de I'A n) bas just published the following ordinance Con-
cerning the meetings and coalitions of the workmen
" We, Councillor of State and Prefect of Police. seeing that great
numbers of workmen have paraded, under various pretexts, the streets
of Me capi•al for several days past, and believing that, if faithful to the
sentiments which animate the heroic population of Paris, they commit
no viuince, their meetings more or less tumultuous, constitute of them.

selves a serious evil, alarming peaceable citizens, and tending to shake
the confidence which the French nation owes the Government,
formed by it and for it; that these meetings cause the workmen a
serious Lou of time and labour,lat a time when large public manufac-
tories are open; and finally, that they may afford the means of
disorder, of which the evil-disposed would not fail to take advantage.
Seeing that the maintenance of order and public safety, confided to our
responsibility, imperiously demands that such $ state of things should
cease, and that the workmen of Paris, If they have any just remon-
strances to make, should do so inividually in the regular form to the
competent authorities, who are always engaged in devising means for
the ptoperity of industry. It is hereby ordered, according to article 10
of Lb:• decree of tioveminent, 12 Alessidor, year Vlll. which provides,
that the Prefect of Police shall take the necessary measures to prevent
or disperse meetings and riotous assemblies, menacing public tran-
quillity.
1. That no person shall meet or assemble in the public streets under
any pretext whatever.

2. That no woriime n shall conspire to prevent another working or
going w his work, at proper time, or in general to suspend, impede, or
raise the wages of labour.
3. That no request for our interference between master and work.
man, on the subject of fixing the salary, or of the length of the day's
work, or of the choice of workmen, will bo allowed, as being in op-',
position to the laws which have consecrated the principle of freedom of
trade.

4. That the Commissaries of Police, the Chief of the Central Po-
lice, the peacT.officer, the overseers of the Prefecture of Police, the
Nations! Guard, and other military bodies, ensure, by every means in
their power, the execution of the present ordinance, which shall be
printed and posted about.
• 5. That all persons acting in violation of this ordinance atoll be
immediately carried before the tribunals, to be punished according to
la*.

(Signed) A GIROD (de l'Ain).'
" IS'c need not remark on the wisdom and importance of this ordi. '
nance. Is is by such measures, by language at once partaking of
energy and benevolence, that a magistrate shows himself the true
friend of the p,ople, and usefully protects their interest. The people
will amen.' to thz voice which exposes to them the perils into which
they are likely to be drawn by concealed instigators, who are nothing
but vile conspinvors, MOM to eruct their humiliation and slavery.
and who row endeavour to revenge them elves on their conquerors by
attempts to seduc.e then to the mitimisalan of acts contrary to law, and
consequently to the well-being of the brave and industrious popula.ion
Of Paris.
