THREE O'CLOCK.

Sank Stock, shut. Three per Cent. Reduced, shut.
Three per Cent. Consols, 821 4. Three and a Half per
Cent. 1818, 904. Three and a Half per Cent. Red.
shut. Three and a Half per Cent. New, 904 89k. Four
per Cent. 1826, 1001 4. Long Annuities, Jan. 1860, shut.
Annuities, Oct. 1859, 17 5.164; do. Jan. 1860, 103. India
Stock, —; do. Bonds, 1 2 preen. South Sea Stock,
Old Annuities, £lOOO Exchequer Bills, 10 11 ;
£5OO do. —; £lOO and £2OO do. 11 13; Advertised,
10 9. Consols for Account. 823 3.

AN ADDRESS
FROM THE ELECTORS OF PRESTON TO
H. HUNT, Esq. M.P.
Agreed to unanimously at a PublicM•eting, held in the open
air, and convened by Public Advertisement.

We, your constituents, electors of Preston, at a public
meeting assembled August 27th, 1831, beg leave to
send you our most unfeigned thanks and gratulations for your
unwearied, patriotic, consistent, and persevering conduct
since you became our representative, and for many years
previous to that time, we are fully convinced you have stem.
dily and honestly advocated the just rights of the people,
which in our opinion so justly entitles you to the support of
every good man in the country, who wishes to see justice
done to his fellow creatures.
In spite of all the low, artful, treacherous, and base
calumnies heaped upon you, by most of the vile hirelings
of the Press, the men or Preston have never for one single
moment forgot their duty, and on all public occasion we
have sanctioned and approved of your noble and praise.
worthy conduct; the only reason that we your constituents
have not communicated more with you, was, that we /tad
, full confidence in your abilities and your integrity, and wt
left you to exercise your own judgment, as in our opinion
no man amongst us is competent to direct your steps in
the great cause you have so long and so honestly advocated.
We cannot conclude without stating to you, that the
" Millions are with you"—we mean the working men of
England whose rights you so honestly and so boldly *deo-
ate, and the wives and children of those men will bless your
memory when you arc mouldering in the silent tomb, for
your determination to convince our opponents if their duty,
land the necessity of their paying more due and sincere at-
tention to the real distress of thousands that are at present
starving for want of food in the midst of plenty.
This meeting do most heartily thank you for your bold,
: manly and firm conduct displayed in the House, in the pre,
senting of our late Petition against the Infamous Corn
Law.. although the interested and selfish many did not sup-
. port you on the said Petition, yet we do most sincerely ap.
plaud you for your exertions on the occasion, and we dJ
feel quite satisfied, that until, that most monstrous, and ini-
quitous Starvation Law (with some others) he totally re
1 pealed; the labouring man will never enjoy the real fruits
I of his hard earned money.
Persevere, then, Sir, in the good work you have so bravely
begun, and we your constituents, will ever applaud and sup.
port you to the utmost of our power.
In conclusion we must add, that whatever may be said to
you, or of you, by any slanderous individual, you may rest
satisfied that, we the den of Preston will never desert you
while you continue to advocate and defend the just rights of
your countrymen.
JOHN I lIV IN, Chairman.

His Majesty arrived at his Palace, at St. James's,
about half-put hve o'clock on Saturday afternoon, from the
Palace at Windsor. The Queen, accompanied by the Duke
of Saxe Meiningen and the Duchess of Saxe Weimar, ar-
rived from the Palace at Brighton about kalf-past eight
o'clock.
The Landgravine of Hesse Homberg, the Prin-
cess Augusta, and the Duchess of Cambridge. dined with
their Majesties in the evening.
The King gave audiences in the afternoon, to
Earl and Lord Hill. The Duke of Sussex, the Duchess of
Cambridge, accompanied by Prince George and Princess
Augusta, and the Princess Sophia visited their Majesties.
It was stated by Lord Althorp, on Saturday,
that he hoped and trusted the Committee on the Reform
Bill would get through their labours before the Coronation,
slut the Report should be immediately brought up pro
forma. and the Bill be recommitted on the following Mon-
day. though he saw no objection to Tuesday.
Viscount Althorp entertained a party of Members
of the House of Common at dinner, on Saturday evening, at
his residence in Doening.street. Among the company were
Viscount Belgrave, Sir Michael Stewart, Sir R.Dundas, Sir
G. Skipwith, Sir John Hobhouse, lion. H. Foley, Colonel
Anson, Messrs. Walter Campbell, R. Grosvenor, Philip
Howard, Lefevre, Strickland, and Watson.
Of the 36 Members composing the Select Com-
mittee on Indian affairs, 24 have voted foe the Reform Bill
and II against it • and it is deserving of remark, that with '
one or two ezeePtions, the II are Rut India proprietors,
and ex-Commissioners aid ex-Secretaries of the board of
Control.

"
SECONDnEDITION
STAR OWterrTit at z .o'CLociz
HAMBURGH MAIL.
After our paper was gone to press, we received
with infinite satisfaction, such accounts from the
seat of war, as prove the futility of all the i
adverse reports circulated about Warsaw and
Poland, during the last week. So far is the
Polish cause from being lost, that tve have the
confirmation of a decisive victory gained on their left,
over the important army of H:DIGER, which un-
masks the rightofPASKEWITCII.S position, so as not
only to prevent his advance, but even to have
forced him to retreat, if the accounts are to V
relied on.
To-morrow we will give place to the various
frightful accounts of the spread of cholera, in Russia
and Austria.
By the Hamburgh Steamer just arrived.
BEIILIN, AUG. 30.—Private letters say that
the Russian Field-Marshal, Paskewitsch, has re-
treated from Warsaw, on account of the non
arrival of Rudiger's corps ; not being sufficiently
Istrong to attack that place.
The Vossische Zeitung says that Gen. Ititiliger
had been prevented from forming a junction with
Gen. Paskewitsch, and had been so beaten that he
had fled into the Austrian territory. It now ap-
pears that the late accounts of the disturbances at
Warsaw have been greatly exaggerated. In some
accounts it is even said that they were without
any foundation.
From the Prussian State Gazette of the 30th,1
it appears the Russian head-quarters were, on the
23d of August, at Nadarzvn, about 20 English
miles from Warsaw, the place from whence our
last accounts were given, since which nothing of
consequence had taken place in that quarter. The
first detachments of the troops, which were going
to the Marshal's assistance, had passed the Vistula.
The Polish General, SK RZ ECK I, is gone to
Lithuania, to endeavour to excite the people in
that quarter, and to attack the Russians in their
rear. The former accounts of the rising in that
place have been much exaggerated.
13t-clta REST, Aix. 12.—Accounts from Con
stantinople of tho 2d inst. say, that a terrible fire
had broke out in that city, which had destroyed
18,000 houses. So destructive were the flames,
that 60,000 persons have lost the whole of their
property.
Vt ex xA, AUG UST 24.—A letter from Semlin,
of the 15th instant, says a vessel hail arrived at
Belgrade, whose Captain had bribed the guard, and
was admitted into the town ; in consequence of
which the cholera had been introduced from the
vessel. The day they landed 12 persons were
taken ill, and there is now from 40 to 50 dying
daily.
HAMM., RG 11, SEPT. 2.-0 e ing to the appear-
ance of cholera in the immediate vicinity of Berlin,
the mail from that town is now subject to a process
of purification on the frontier—the consequence of
which is, that it arrives only at a late hour in the
afternoon.
The State Gazette of Aug. 31, contains a report
from the Russian camp, from which it appears,
that Marshal Paskewitsch is awaiting the arrival
of Generals Rudiger and Kreutz, before attempt-
ing an attack on Warsaw.
An article in another Berlin paper says, that
Paskewitsch is retreating front before Warsaw,
in consequence of Rudiger having been unable to
effect a junction with him. Gen. Skrzynecki, ac-
corditg to the same authority, is gone to Lithua-
nia, there to re-organise the insurrection.
The late disturbances in Warsaw, it now
appears, have been greatly exaggerated by the
Prussian State Gazette.
The following is from the State Gazette dated
yesterday :
According to the latest accounts from the Rus-
sian head-quarters, the Russian army was on
the 30th of August in Nadarzyn, four wersta.
—Since the occurrences lately detailed, nothing of
importance has taken place. The first detach-
ment of the troops which General Baron Kreutz is
bringing to the marshal's assistance, have already
passed the Vistula.
Another Berlin paper, the rossische Zeitung,
repeats its account of the previous day, that
Gen. Rudiger's attempt to form a junction
with Paskewitsch has been bullied. The
same paper adds, that Rudiger has been completely
beaten, and forced to seek refuge in the Austrian
territory. The Polish troops on this occasion are
supposed to have been commanded by General
Skrzynecki.
The account of General Itudiger's defeat is con-
firmed by letters from Cracow, which accounts had
been received front Lemberg, that Austrian troops
had been sent to disarm the fugitive Russians.
According to the same authority, the riots and
murders, said to have taken place in Warsaw,
prove to be a mere fabrication.
CRACOW, Arc. 23.—The last post that arrived
here from Przysuclia (Friday, 19th Aug.) is said
to have brought a letter with the following post-
scr:pt I have this moment learnt that General
Skrzynecki has again taken the field (?)"
Early on the 12th, a patrole was sent from
Warsaw to Praga, which fell in with an enemy's
detachment, beyoud Grochow. The Russians
were driven back, and our troops advanced a mile
along the river.
There must have been a considerable action be-
fore Zuntoec, for the Russians have brought eighty
waggons with their wounded to Hubilstow. The
Polish army enjoys excellent health.
HAMBURGH, SrPT. 2.—Excliange to Loi.don, 13 7i ;
Two 31onths, 13 6.—Hormburyh rapars, Sept. 2.

This day despatches were received at the Foreign
Office, from Paris and Belgium, and the Hague ; also, at
the Colonial Office, front the .3lauritius, dated the of
April.
Sir Frederick Adam, Lord High ionunissioner
of the lonian Isles, has arrived in town.
This any, at noon, a Cabinet Council aFscintiled
at the Foreign Office. There was a confaenc.: of the
Alembers of the five powers on the atrAirr of ncigioni.
Despatches lave been received from our Consul
at Lisbon, dated August 15. They coniain a new catalogue
of mottles caused by the lioverntuent of Don Miguel It
appears that there are at this moment neatly 30,000 persons
in the different prisons of Portugal, fin alleged pull•icel
offences. At Oporto two British subjects have been instutt.d,
and nearly killed.
The Duke of Wellington has been appointed to
officiate as Lord High Constable of England on Thursday
next, the day of their Majesties' Coronauon.
Our readers will see that the late fires in the
country were noticed in the House of Commons on Saturday
last. The subject was introduced by Sir E. Sugden, and
Lord Althorp said, that Government had devoted much
attention to the question, and that a measure was under
consideration.'

THE WEST INDIES.

V'

The results of the Pitt policy, of the wanton and
wicked wars against French liberty, of the uni-
versal mortgage, and of the taxes to pay the in-

terest, display themselves, step by steii, with

greater rapidity than would be imagined. The fa-
cility of collecting duties on imports enab!es the
Exchequer to replenish itself from col. ai.d i r. duce,

to an amount so nearly approximating its market
price, as to leave little for the labour of cultivation,
and nothing for profits of capital—it appears,
therefore. that the colonists can etultro no longer.
It is, in fact, the same at home, except that the

mode of assessment is less direct, and less obvious

to the i dfwellers who refer their sotierngs to sea-

sons, fishions, Ste. &c. objects cognizable by mean
intellems. In truth, taxation, standing armies,

and monopoly, are accelerating the rapid decadence
of the country--rendering labour unproductive,
enterprize of no avail, and capital useful only in
Exchequer Bills or public securities—signs of
mortal decease, and not of the health of the coun-
try. In r, and to the West Indies, there appears
to be no alternative, but greativ to reduce the
dutics on their produce, or leave them free to find
their own market. At the same time, we have
not fo:gatten that they were among the most in-
furiated partizans of the late wars, and they ought
therefore to be made to redeem part of its debts, if
redemption in a general sense is not as great a fay
to attempt, as were the original loans for such pm •
poses in the expectation of being repaid. The
West Indies now contribute ten or twelve millions
to the revenue. Can we do without this amount 7
Can we pay the interest, &c. &c. without them
But this is not the niain question—Can they con-
tinue to pay—and can we continue sa extort
against their will, more than they are able to pay ?
It is a choice of ominous difficulties !
In the Kingston Chronicle of July 15, are several re.
ports of meetings, and requisitions for meetings. and at a
meeting of the inhabitants of Trelawney, on the llth July,
the following, among other resolutions, were passed :
" Resolved, That we cling whit the most filial affection
sad veneration to our beloved Sovereign and the mother
country ; a separation from which, though apparently de.
sired by the latter, must till our bosoms with the sincerest
regret ; but thrown as a prey before misguided savages, we
have no other alternative than to

" Resolve, That his Excellency the Earl of Delmore be
solicitated to call an eatly meeting of the House Assembly,
in order that a deputation of the same may lay our griev-
ances at the foot of the throne, humbly to pray, it our most
gracious Sovereign and the British nation consider us un-
worthy of the protection of our just rights, equally with all
his blajesty's subjects, we may be absolved from our :Inc-
ipience, and allowed to seek that protection from smother
cation which is so unjustly and cruelly withheld from us by
our own."

At a meeting at Montego Bay on the 13th of July, rts.dtt.
lions in the same spirit were adopted :
" That it appears to this meeting that his Majesty's
31inisters are presenting to the begislatures of this and
other Colonies, plans for the government of the slave popu-
lation, which deeply affect the rights of private property, and
accompanied with a threat, that oppressive penal taxes shall
be levied on the produce of such colonies as will not resign
their constitutional independence at the command of his Ma-
jesty's Minister', and implicitly adopt their plans.
" That if his Majesty's Ministers proceed to put in execu-
tion this tyrannical threat, they will alienate from his Ma-
jesty's Government, and from the country which upholds it
in its unjust and despotic measures, the affection of his Ma.
jesty's hitherto loyal and faithful subjects of Jamaica ; and
will compel them to petition his Majesty to absolve then,
from their allegiance, that they may seek the protection of
some other power able and willing to secure to them the en-
joyment of other rights, and the peaceable possession of
their properties.
" That this meeting views with unfeigned regret the
prospect of a separation from the mother country ; an event
which it can contemplate only under a strong apprehension
of a violation of constitutional rights. At the same time it
trusts that the Assembly of Jamaica will streuuously main.
taro these rights to the last extremity, and will pass no laws
under the influence of any coercive measures threatened by
that British Government.

" And this meeting calls upon the inhabitants of Jamaica
to be true to themselves, faithful to their country ; and
calmly, but firmly, to resolve, that by no act of her own will
they become the instrument of their own destruction ; and
that if they are to be sacrificed to the malice of their one.
mica, they will not hereafter have to reproach themselves
with supineness or cowardice.
" The speech of Dr. Lashington iu the House of Cora-
mons, in which he stated that, should the whites be dis-
posed to throw off their allegiance government might count
ore the assistance of the free men of colour, has roused the
Letter to express their sympathy with their white brethren,
At a meeting at St. Ann'', on the 12th July, it was
Resolved,
" That this meeting equally participate with their fellow.
colonists in those feelings, which the proceedings in the
liritish nation and p..rliatuent, concerning colonial rights and
property, have been so unhappily calculated to produce.
•• That the loyalty of the•people of colour hat. been ever
co:ispicutius ; but we take leave to say, that, to such loyalty
and attachment to our gracious sovereign, we unite the
warmest affection for the land of our birth, and will never, by
any wilful act, infringe or abrogate those just rights alai
privileges to which we are entitled.
Ter, impressed with these sentiments, we cannot but
view with deep regret the unqualified assertion made by Dr.
laushington in the House of Commons, that he bad te.n
authorised by the persons of colour in this island to otter
their slaves for emancipation at the desire of Go.ernmer.t.
" That, in contradiction of so palpable a misrepresenta-
tion, we solemnly declare that nut one now present has ever
joined in such instructions ; but, on the contrary, we are de-
termined to preserve and defend our properties by every inn,
Bible means, and will only surrender them fur tut must iu:l
and ample compensation.
" The plan of rowiateenibling a Congress of Delegates fruit
the several colonies at liarbadoes is agitated. The Ore.
nada Free Ptter, speaking of this congress, says
•• With regard to tile measures to be adopted try the Con-
gress, if it do again assemble, it is almost tau asui ttttt ig
in us to give an opinion ; but where ail are interested, ail
ought to be heard. It is not now the tittle to mince Ili:eters.
We have arrived at a crisis of our affairs when energy alone
can give us tiny well-grounded hope of a beneficial result.
We have tco lung succumbed min given way to the un.
reasonable demanas of our enemies, and to the imperious
dictates of an unfeeling and utivatt.ral step-mother. There
is a period in human when bliiinilbalOn in a sun to the
nnressoituble will of a patient, dictating that which. may be
prejudicial or ruinous to both, becomes cr tttt inal. We have
arrived at this point. Our national patent demands
of us the sacrifice of our property and our lives,
to gratify a merciless and unjust determination on
her part to ruin us, and to deprive herself of her
most valuable po,sessiuns. Are we blindly to submit to
her monstrously unreasonable uictatiun % It we are become
valueless to the mother country, as is now so openly
avowed, let her cast us off, to look fur protection else.
where. When she declares us to be a burden to her, and
withdraws all protection from us, she loses all right to
our obediel.ce, and ought at once to release us front
those duties which have hitherto bound us together.
We ought, therefore, in whatever shape we address our re.
monstrances to respeettuily, but firmly io de.
mend justice at its hand, and it that be refused to us—to
demand that our country will annul those mutual obliga-
tions which have been broken by her, but never by us—and
allow us to seek protection when we can had it. Although
deep and grievous to every Briti.k hea t would, be the alter-
native, if we be driven to it, we will not be at a loss to find
those who can appreciate our value."
We know not where all this will end. It is toleeablv
clear, however, that the West Indians are at present rosary
embarrassed ; and it is by no means improbable that many
of them look to a separation from the mother country as a
means of ridding them of the encumbrances held by time seal
proprietors, the mortgagees, who live in palaces in the
luares of the mempohan

~..._.,... ,'y... /

without preparation or notice, liberated all the
black slaves in one (lay. Did any injury arise to
the state, to the proprietors, or to the slaves
themselves Did the negroes revenge themselves
on their benefactors? Nothing of the kind.
There was nothing but reciprocal congratulation
and rejoicing—nothing but emulation in social
duties with their white brethren, and zeal to serve
the state into which they were admitted. So
when the French republic abolished slavery in
Hayti, all accounts concur in detailing the imme-
diate advantages to all parties, and the increased
prosperity of the proprietors, and of the whole
colony. " Its march to prosperity was rapidly
accelerated," says a contemporary writer and eye-
witness, " and its improvement was like magic."
It was when Bonaparte,—apostate as he was
from liberty (to his own ultimate bane), in
both hemispheres,—endeavoured to reimpose their
broken chains on the necks of the slaves, that blood
and devastation covered the island. The negroes
justly fought for freedom "to the knife." But
from the time that the Haytians recovered their
freedom, they have constantly advanced in pros-
perity ; and their free black peasantry are more
prosperous, comfortable, and happy, than any pea-
santry in the world (not excepting our own) at this
time. Of this allegation the lecturer produced con-
curling proof, and read the testimonies of recent
eve-witnesses and correspondents, transmitted from
the spot.
Mr. C. stated that the plan adopted for free la-
bour, on the liberation of the Haytian negroes,
was to give one-fourth of the produce to the la-
bourer, and the other three-fourths to the capi-
talists, or proprietors. And he proposed a plan
into which this division of profits entered, and of
which he gave elaborate details, as the basis of a
future rural code that might be established in our
colonies with advantage to the planters as well as
the neg o slaves, were the British legislature (in
imitation of Mexico) to pronounce slavery abo-
lished throughout the British dominions, and
among all British subjects to-morrow. Mr. C.
then went into the question of compensation ;
which, he said, was generally viewed in the
light of a bugbear, deterring from all com-
promise, and closing the door on all ad-
justment ; but in which he said he would prove
there was no difficuty whatever. Hie thesis was,
that even were the claim to compensation demanded
by the %Vest Indian proprietors conceded, the British
nation would gain in a financial point of view by
the concession. He should not, therefore, deny
that there was ground for compensation, as a late
colonial secretary (Sir G. Murray) had denied—he
should not assert that immoral property and defec-
tive titles abrogated legal claims to compensation
for every kind of property—but he would take the
estimate of the planters themselves, either of in-
come arising from the British slave population, or
its value per head : and he averred that, after ma-
king fair sets-off for the cost, military and naval,
of maintaining the system, and the losses sustained
by our East Indian, Chinese, and African com-
merce—that in the article of the West Indian pro-
tecting duties alone, England would be a large an-
nual gainer, by admitting the claim of the colonists
thus equitably qualified and reduced, (We are
compelled to omit Mr. C.'s arithmetical calcula-
tions to this effect.) How infinitely more a gainer
by the renewed spring the abolition would give to
East Indian and Chinese commerce, and by the
immense vent it would open for our commodities
throughout the African peninsula—when its im-
mense and unexplored interior shall be allowed
to develope all the wants and demands of improving
civilization !

" Since, then," said the lecturer, " the interest
of all parties requires instant and utter abolition—
since there is no real difficulty in the question of
compensation—since public morality exacts this
measure—since political expediency requires it—
since the Christian religion loudly demands it—
chy should we longer allow ourselves to be trifled
with by vain excuses, and ameliorating pretences,
idle delays, dishonest shifts, and self-defeating
compromises ? There is at least a straight road
before us ; let us pursue that road steadily, neither
turning to the right nor to the left—neither de-
ceived by phantoms—nor succumbing to violence—
nor entangled by sophistry. Let your petitions to
Parliament, vour instructions to your representa-
tives on -this 'head, be concise and explicit. No
more pretences—no more trifling—no more insults
on your feeling and common sense—no more
frivolous and vexatious delays ! State your object
,in these few words—We demand the utter aboli-
tion of British and colonial slavery !

PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH
EMPIRE.

The STAR has for severarinonths exhibited such a plc.
ture of the Domestic Events of the Empire, as never
before was attempted. It gratifies unspeakably the natives
of districts who reside in London and distant counties, and
is a LETTER FROM HOME to every provincial in foreign
countries, or in the Colonies. It raises also Into general im-
portance the exertions of local talents in every public cause.
Then as this is a duty performed alone by the STAR, those
local patriots would ill deserve their name, if the STAR
' and its interests were not reciprocally promoted by them in
every district. We know it has been so in many places,
and the STAR in principles, and in all the best qualities of a
paper, has justified preference; but we reasonably expect
the same attentions EVERT WHERE, as the mean' of at once
recompensing our diligence, and adding to the utility of our
valuable and exclusive information. We call also on the
Provincial Proprietors of papers, whose local labours we
thus illustrate, and invite with earnestness their powerful
attentions in promoting those interests of the Paper which
tl:ey best understand. We notoriously; excel all London
l'apers in priority of Foreign News, and our display of the
transactions of the country is equally exclusive and pre.
eminent.

COLCUESTER GAZETTE, Sept. 3.
Toe PROVINCIAL Pooa.—At an examination of the Rev.
James Beard, of Cr.utheld, in Bedfordshire, before a Com-
mittee of the Lords, now sitting oil the State of the Poor,
the following transpired :
What is the general food of the labourers in your part of
the country ?—Nothing but bread.
What have they to drink ?—Water.
Have they no cheese ?—No.
No tea ?—Very little. I have watched twenty-one men
dine together; I have seen twenty of them eat bread with
what we call seam, which is a little fat rendered down.
'No potatoesv—No.
h Where did you see them dine together ?—At the gravel.
pit.
What have they in their cottages when they dine there ?
They very rarely do.
What have their families ?—From what I have wee, I
should think, the women, bread and tea.
And yet men, thus fed, are expected to labour from ten
to twelve hours each day !

Cotetizern, Arlo. 47.—Wheat was full 2a per quarter
dealer ; New Wheat tomes to hand very indWerent ; there
was not much business done, on account of the holders
standing out for better prices. White wheat, per quarter,
70s. to 76s4ited ditto, 68s. to 70s. Barley. Ws. to 38s. Oats,
225. to 30,. Hone Beans, 365. to 445. White Peas, 585. to
445. Grey ditto,s6s. to 40s.
MARRIED.—Mr. C. Christopherson, to Ann, only
daughter of the late Edward Watkins, Lg.—Mr:James
Mann, of Btacondsle, to Eliza, daughter of the late Mr.
(ledge, surgeon, of Mildenhall.—Mr. Joseph Lanktster, of
Stowmarket, to Ann Eliza, eldest daughter of Mr. J. A.
Webb.—At Reyleigh, Mr. Samuel Count, to Emma, third
daughter of the late C. laver, Esq. of Wood Barns.
D I ED.—At Leiden, William Bawtree, Esq. of Wapping
Wall, 35.—At Hockley. James Willis, Esq. 84.—bydia,
wife of John Bailey Tenet, Esq. of Woodbtidge, 40.
James Matthew, Req. of Hemmed' Hall, Cotton, Suffolk,
33.—Mrs. Sproale, of Bury, relict of the Rev. John Row-
land Sproule. rector of Great Bardfield.
BRIGHTON HERALD, Sept. 3.
At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Brighton, held
at the Old Ship Tavern, on the 30th of August, Mr. D. M.
Folkard, High Constable, in the Chair, convened in com-
pliance with the requisition of 185 inhabitants who had se-
verally been served from the collectors of the king's taxes
with an increased charge of assessment on their respective
property, " for the purpose of taking the sense of such meet-
ing on the propriety of enquiring into the cause which has
occasioned this apparently vexatious interference at this par.
tinder period, with the arrangement of the asseaments by
which the property has for many years been taxed; and also
to consider of the propriety of selecting a deputation to com-
municate, through the proper medium for such redress and
relief therefrom as the circumstances of the case may de.
mand."—the following resolutions were unanimously
peeled :
1. That it is the opinion of this meeting that the inhabited
house and window duties are partial in their nature, and in
their operation particularly oppressive to the inhabitants of
Brighton ; and that the reassessments which have recently
been made are calculated seriously to injure the inhabitants
generally.
2. That this meeting views with regret the attempt making
by the government assessor to increase the inhabited house
duty and window duties, at a time when they had reason to
expect relief from those taxes, and when, in consequence of
the depreciation of the value of property in the town, the pa-
rish assessors contemplate making a reduction in the peers'
rates assessment.

3. That inasmuch as the local commissioners for the af-
fairs of taxes have not the power to grant redress, a memo-
rial be presented to the Lords of the Treasury seeking relief
from the weight of increased taxation.
CHICHESTEL-Mr. Walker delivered a lecture on astro-
nomy, at the theatre, on Friday evening. It wu attended
by an highly respectable audience, to whom he gave the ful-
lest satisfaction, by his ii.genious invention of travelling
through the air, by mechanical means alone. This invention
opens a very novel and highly interesting branch of philoso-
phy, as the effect of a fiat surface upon the air, and the re.
action of the air against the same, in producing a projectile
force, appears, until now, to have escaped observation.
The public of this town had scarcely recovered from the
painful agitation caused by the dreadful murder of Celia
Holloway, when, on Monday last, intelligence reached
Brighton, that, about four o'clock on the morning of that
day, the half-dressed corpse of a female, bearing considera-
ble marks of violence, bad been discovered by a boatman in
the Preventive Service, lying on the beach under the cliff,
about midway between the watch-house at Rottingdean and
Roedean gate, on the Rottingdean road. The individual who
found the body, immediately proceeded to the nearest station
at Black Rock, and having placed a man in care of the body,
went to Rottingdean, within the bounds of which parish the
body was found, where he procured a cart, in which the de.
ceased was carried to Rottingdean, and laid on a table in a
coach-house belonging to Mr. Sutton of the White Horse Inn.
Near to the spot, where the body was discovered, were also
found a coloured cotton gown, a pair of stays, a pair of
aloes, and part of a steel busk belonging to the stays. An
active enquiry by the parochial authorities of Rottingdean
was Immediately set on foot, and it was soon ascertained
that two females and two men had been seen loitering about
the road near Roedean-gate, as late as between nine and ten
o'clock on Sunday evening. The name of the deceased is
Mary Dunn. She is a native of Ireland, and gained a
scanty subsistence by selling small wares, such as bobbins,
tapes, &c. and occasionally begging. She had been about
three weeks in Brighton, and tenanted, with two other
women, also Irish, a room in a lodging-house kept by a man
named William Williams, at No. 15, Nottingham-street, in
this town. The evidence on the inquest, the substance of
which we subjoin, presents a lamentable picture of moral
depravity.
Elizabeth Kelly deposed that, on Saturday afternoon,
about two o'clock, she went out with her child, the deceased,
and Mary O'Neil, to beg a few halfpence, being broken
down and having no neans of paying their lodgings. They
proceeded as far as the hill above the Abergavenny Arms, at
Black Rock, and sat down on a bank- While there they
saw two young men coming towards them down the hill--
The deceased said she would ask them for money. She ran
out into the road, and, on their coming up, begged for a
penny to buy some tobacco. One of the young men, who,
was dressed in a white frock, a red waistcoat, and blue
trowsers, and whom his companion called Will, then
made an indelicate offer to the deceased, who after.
wards conversed with them, but the witness could not
hear what they said. The other man was called Henry;
he wore a fustian shooting jacket and trowsers. They then
all came up to the bank. The deceased then said to witness
and Mary O'Neill that they were going to have a drop of
beer, and said to the men that she hoped they would not
mind the two old women going with them. They replied,
they did not; and the whole party then went to the Aber-
gavenny Arms, where they drank two pots of beer and two
glasses of turn and water; from thence they proceeded to
the Bush Hotel cap, where they had two more pots of beer
and two quartems of rum ; on leaving this house about six
o'clock, Mary O'Neill and witness's child returned home.
The four (that is, the witness, the deceased, and the two
men) nearly proceeded as far u the Roedean gate, and all
sat down together by the road side, and soon after Will
and the deceased went over the bank into a field; they re-
turned in a minute or two, and the party went on as far as
the stacks at Roedean. [The witness s evidence at this
stage of inquiry, from its disgusting and profligate charac-
ter, we necessarily omit.] She went on to state that she
was joined by the deceased, who was hastening on towards
Brighton, raying that Will was a scaly fellow, and had given
her but one shilling, but that she had drawn two others from
him. She said, " Come on fast, let's go by the water-side,
for fear they'll:follow us." Witness said, " No, I can't run,
I'll go along the road." The deceased then looked back, and
said the men were coming. She heard money jingle in
the deceased's hand. Henry came up first and took the
deceased by the arm, saying she should go back as she had
robbed his mate. She denied it. and refused at first, but
afterwards went and witness followed. Will then came up
and made a blow at deceased, who lowered her head and
avoided it. He made another blow at her, which fell on her
head on the right side. She did not cry out, but ran away
down the road towards the turnpike-gate, Will following
her. Henry remained with the witness, and searched to see
if he could find the nuney on her, but she had none. Will
then came back, and said the deceased had got off, and that
he could not find her. It was at this time dark, about nine
o'clock. Will then struck witness on the head, and was
following up his blows, but Henry interfered, saying witness
had not taken the money. Will then ran off among the
stacks, and soon after called out twice very loud to Henry,
who helloed out, " Have you found her ?" Will answered
No,' and Henry then left witness, who came en her road
to Brighton, thinking that the deceased had probably gone
round and escaped the men, and had reached her home.
Witness never saw her after.

At two o'clock, on Wednesday, the coroner and jury
again assembled, when the two men, William Hemsley and
Henry Brooker, who had been apprehended at Street, near
Lewes, at an early hour that morning by the constable of the
Hundred, assisted by Messrs. Penfuld and Wise, of this
place, were brought intu the room, handcuffed together.
They were asked if they would like to see the body, and re.
plying that they would, were conducted to the coach-house.
On the lid of the shell in which the corpse had been placed
being removed, they manifested considerable emotion, par-
ticularly Hemsley. The only observation which escaped
Hemsley Was—." I see there is a body there." They were
then taken back to the inn, and the manacles being re.
moved from their hands, the investigation proceeded.
Tne evidence of Elisabeth Kelly, given the previous day,
was read over in her pee ; she added, that she koala
the prisoners to be m n with whom the deceased and
herself had been in company on Sunday night, and that
Ilemsley was the man who struck the deceased on the head.
Brooker, in his defence, stated that when Hemsley got up,
he said that he had lost his money. and wished him,
Brooker, to po after and stop the woman. He did IN alt 4,
on Hemsley s coming up, he asked the woman for his

money. She denied having it, and he then struck at ber.
He, Brooker, then desired him to leave off, saying he would
do the woman some mischief. The female then ran off,
Hensley following ber, and be saw no more of him until
he. Brooker, in company with John Rich, discovered him
lin the oe field. They afterwards, he stated, slept
inying Ildr. 's hovel till the morning.
The only statement made by Hensley was, that he never
saw the woman after she left him and ran down the road.
The court was then cleared, and the jury, after nearly an
hour's deliberation, returned a verdict of Manslaughter
against William Hensley and Henry Brooker, and the pri-
soners have since been committed on the coroner's warrant
to Horsham gaol, to await their trial at the next assizes.
THE LATE MURDER—RE-EXAMINATION OF ANN
KErrnEyv.--The final examination of this woman took
place at the Sea House Hotel, on Thursday, before Sir
David Scott. Bart. S. F. Milford, W. Seymour, and W. S.
Fuller, Eggs. The justice-room was again excessively
crowded, and the arrangements on the same plan as at the
prisoner's last examination. At eleven o'clock Kennett was
placed in a chair before the Bench weeping bitterly. She
was, on the whole, improved in appearance since the last
bearing, being fresher and more ruddy, and her apparel was
remarkably clean. On this occasion she wore no bonnet,
but a neat lace cap. The prisoner having, after the lapse
of a few minutes, become more calm, Mr. Colbatch, the
magistrates' clerk, proceeded to read over the depositions
taken at the last sitting.
The depositions of David Masan, Gabriel Mani. Wm.
Elphick, W. Healy, Chas. Orchard, G. A. Greenwood, and
Geo. Nye, were read over without inducing any remark from
the prisoner. Elphick, in reply to a question from the
Bench, said, that on removing the corpse of Celia Holloway
from the grave in the Shaw, be saw no appearance of blood
on either the stays or shift. The latter, he said, adhered
closely to the body, which was so much decomposed, that
the skin came off with the garment, and had there been
marks of blood on it, it would have been next to impossible
to have recognized them as such.
The deposition of chief o 1 cer Pilbeam, which related to
the finding of the baby linen, Az. in the prisoner's apart-
ment being about to be te. the magistrates' clerk drew
the attention of the prisoner to it, as more immediately
affecting her. The prisoner thanked him, and said she would
attend.

The only remark made by the prisoner on the evidence,
was similar to that given last week ; she still maintained that
the baby's cap, shoes, and a piece of edging, were given
her by Holloway, wbo, she said, brought them home one
evening and threw them into her lap, saying that "she might
have them."
The High Constable's deposition was then gone through.
The prisoner, on being asked, is usual, at the conclusion of
each witness's evidence, whether she hal any questions to
put? said she had none, but that she should like to see
whether it was in the same state as it was when he
Holloway, had her to it. The magistrates here warned the
prisoner, but she continued. She did not know the name of
the row, or the number of the house ; it was somewhere at
the bottom of SAward.strmt. Holloway took her to it,

I._
