II

The Duke of WELLINGTON made a few observations, which
were for the greater part inaudible at the Bar. We un-
derstood him to express the opinion that such an assemblage
was illegal, and that the example of admitting indiscriminately
raestly.because they had made application for that purpose. to the pre.
re-
sow of the sovereign, was most dangerous, and since it could not be re-
gularly or frequently followed, calculated In the end to produce dis-
satisfaction.— l'he motion was then agreed to.

CONSOLIDATED FUNDrSUIIPLUS DILL.
The bill was read a second time on the motion of Lord AUCKLAND,
eommitted pro forseq, and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—
neir Lordships then adjourned.
HOUSE iTirVirfirlONS, Doc. 8.
The gellety was not opened till half-past four o'clock, in consequence
of there being a ballot to try the merits of the Rye Election.
Mr. KNOX moved for a new writ for Dungannon, in the room of the
Honourable J. KNOX, who had accepted the stewardship of the Chil-
tern Hundreds. . . _ .

Mr. Alderman WAITH MAN presented four petitions from places
is Denbighshire. for the abolition of slavery.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from St. John's, Water.
ford, for the repeal of the union. He said it was unnecessary for him to
repeat that he was wholly against the prayer of this petition; he con-
sidered that compliance with its prayer would be of the most ruinous
consequences. He then moved for returns respecting the produce of the
Ar•t fruits of Ireland during the last three years.—Ordered.
Mr. O'HARA presented two petitions from Galway, for the eaten-
aion of the elective franchise.

Lord UXBRIDGE presented a similar petition from a parish in
Galway ; and petitions from Beaumaris and Holyhead against slavery.
Col. SIBTHORPE presented a similar petition from Lincoln.
The members of the Rye Election Committee were sworn as fol-
lows : Hon. J. H. Craddock, W. Thompson, J. Jokomo, 0. Roch.
ford, T. A. Return's, W. H. Millar, A. Smith, R. Jenkin, Hon. W.
Gordon, Marcus Beresford, and the Earl of Oesory.
