MR. HUNT AT THE KING'S LEVEL

Yesterday Mr. Hunt went to his Majesty's Levee, for the purpose of
presenting several petitions which were confided to him. He was pre-
sented to his Majesty by the Lord in Waiting. who handed to the King
a card from him, on which were the words " Mr. Hunt, to present Ad.
dresses from Middleton, Bolton, and Preston, in Lancashire from the
city of Carlisle, from the middle and working classes of the Metropolia,
and from the Radical Reform Association." His Majesty, upon bear-
ing Mr. Hunt's name mentioned, said, with a smile of the greatest
affability, "Oh, Mr. Hunt; yes, yes." His Niajesty then held out his
hand, but Mr. Hunt was busy in untying his enormous landle of peti-
tions, which was large enough to fill a sack, and dtd net observe the
honour evidently intended by his Majesty towards him. "Will your
Majesty be pleased to receive the petitions -eparately, or all together?"
said Mr. Hunt. "Oh, all together, Mr. Hunt," said his Majesty.
The Ring then took bold of the bundle iiiineelt, and with a must gra.
clout smile bowed. Mr. Hunt then bowed and retir.d.—.lforsiny Adv.

TIIEATIMS.

-..m.-
DRUKI'--LANL

The announced opera of deer being withdrawn, In consequence of
the indisposition of Mr. SINCLAIR, Mrs. CENTLIVIIIE'S lively comedy
of TAg Wonder was substituted. Miss Citzssza personated Vic/on/el
with spitit, dignity, and feeling; whilst in those scenes where she tan.
talises the jealous mind of Den Fair, she displayed very considerable
humour. The other parts of the comedy were played as heretofore.—
The sprightly 'fireplug of Popping Ski Question and Der Frei chide
closed the performances ; in the latter Mr. Hoax made his first ap.
pursue these years as Cospor. He was very favourably received.—
After half-price the house was well attended.
COVENT GARDEN. _ _

lan night, the novelty at Covent was the lint appearance of
Miss Fauxv Kzataxi, in the interearag abseatia of Mrs. Haller,
which she performed with great talent sod eliect. In most of her
scenes she displayed a cosecs know of the part. When making
Ida grand discovery to the Coma= of bet Minima 4=410,1
she expressed romans and santsmal esadeesoss in the most impressive
manner, sad was loudly applauded. Upon the whole, we considered it
a acconful Wort. • Camas@ Kitatame played the Seromper well, yet
we thought be alas& into h uhrathropy too much agitation. The
play was applauds' thesughset by a fashiesable and discerning

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Nov. 3.

The House met at one o'clock.

The LORD 6trawcur.coa, the Marquis of BUTZ, and hoed Muu-
muu. as mover and seconder of the Address; Lord MAYO, the Moquim
of WINCHESTER, the Duke of Noaroix. &c. were in attendance.
After some preliminary arrangements, the Noblemen in attendance
proceeded in state to the Levee, to prestnt the Address agreed upon by
their Lordships to his Majesty
The House adjourned until half.past three o'clock tomorrow.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Nov. 3.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at four o'clock. Set eral members took
the oaths and their seats.

Sir .1. NEWPORT gave notice, that on the 23d, he wou!d bring
under the consideration of the house the state of the Grand Jury in

Sir J. MACKINTOSH gave notice, that on the same day he would
present a petition on the subject of the Danish claims.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice, that on the 11 th he would bring
forwards motion for the repeal of the Subletting Act in Ireland ; also
that on the 7th of December he would bring forward a motion fur •he
radical reform of Parliament.

Mr. DAWSON gave notice of his intention to submit to the house a
bill for preventing the growth of tobacco in Ireland.
Mr. W. WY NNE gave notice of a motion for the repeal of the Ab-
juration. Oath Act, and that members should no longer take their oaths
before the Lord Steward.

Petitions complaining of undue mums of Members were presented
from the Boroughs of Perth, Dartmouth, Caine, Wigan, Rye, Glasgow,
and Marlborough.
Petitions praying for the abolition of the Slave Trade were presented
from the City of Oxford. from Newcastle-on-Tyne Nottingham, De-
vizes, Wilton, New Sarum, and front parishes in the Counties of Lan.
cuter, Oxford, Stafford, and Leicester.
' Mr. O'CONNELL preaeoud a petit on from a private indivitLal,
praying for the abolition of all religious distinctions.
Mr. O'CONNELL prtacnted a petition from persons imprisoned for
debt in the Marshalses of Dublin, against the existing law on imprison-
ment for debt—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME said, that as ministers delayed so long bringing forward
a measure on imprisonment by mane process, he should certainly sub.
mit a motion on the subject in the course of the session.
Mr. HOBHOUSE gave notice that on the 12th he would move an
address to hit majesty relative to the Interference in the affairs of the
Netherlands.

Mr. BROUGHAM said that cn the 2Sth he would move the, the
house resolve itself into a commit ee of the whole house on the subject

of West India slavery.
Mr. WARBURTON said, that on the 15th of February he would
move that the members of that house be voted for by ballot.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he should move to-morrow that an
address be presented to his Majevy, praying that there should be Lid
before the House copies of the existing treaties rearecting the Nether.
lands and Portugal.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from Armagh against the .I!ws*
disabilities.

Mr. WHITMORR gave notice of a motion for the 22d for the ex-
tension of the China trade.

Mr. S. RICE gave notice of a motion for the revival of the Irish
Committee.

Lord NUGENT gave notice that on the 19th he would move 1.. r
leave to bring in a bill fur the better providing of employment for t'; •
labouring poor.
Mr. BROUGHAM said that on the 10th he would move for leave :L.
bring in his former bill on the administration of justice.
Lord L. GOWER said that on the 11th he would move for a scieLt
committee on tolls and customs in Ireland.
Mr. PEEL rose to call the attention of the house to the state of ti c
public business. It was evident, he said, both from the proceediius of
last Session, and from the number of notices of motions already giver.
that some arrangement should be come to. The proposal he had to
'make was, that the Speaker should take the chair at three o'clock,
stead of four, it being understood that at five o'clock the public basi.
ness should commence. This arrangement would give them an siMi.
tional hour for the dispatch of business, without interfering, as might
happen by the fixing of an earlier hour. with the business of e•ini.
mitten, or the dudes of members towards their private constituent..
Mr. BROUGHAM expressed his concurrence in the proposal.
Mr. HUME said, he would propose that the Wednesdays and Si.
turdays should be allotted, like the other dap, to the dispatch of Lusi-
neu ; and that the house should always adjourn for one hour. troll,
four to five o'clock, for dinner. (A laugh.) At present, there being no
understanding as to a regular dinner hour, it ciften happened that at a
moment when the most important business was before the house, the
benches were all nearly empty; and it had been the general remark of
even strangers, that nothing would keep members from their dinners 4
this would be obviated. ifs stated hour was appointed; and aPer a
comfortable dinner, the members would return fresh to business. (A
laugh.) He hoped the member for Waterford would not desire to
restrict the house to adjourn at nine, but would extend the hour to
eleven. He (Mr. H.) thought that it ought to he an understood regu-
lation that at least one minister of the crown should attend at the coin.

mencement of each night, during the bouts that petitions were
presented.
Mr. BROUGHAM protested against enforcing attendance six days
in the week for business: and he remaked that the hon. gentleman who
spoke last might very (sally regulate Ms dinner bell for the hour of
going to dinner; but be (Mr. B.) should like to know how I.c
would regulate the bell that was to raise gentlemen from dinner; and in
that case, the attendance in that House would not be anywise improved.
Mr. FERGUSSON complained that the time of the House was
needlessly consumed with trifles for want of a systematic regulation.
There were often sixty or seventy orders of the day to be disposed of,
and whoever wished to take • part in any of the questions, could not be
absent for a minute. He objected to speeches being allowed to be made
when petitions were presented.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, that in duty to his constituents he was
bound to insist on nine o'clock as the hour for adjournment—but he
could not by any means consent that the hour should exceed eleven.
Mr. HOBHOUSE was of opinion that no description of regula.
tion such as had been proposed would change the custom of the mem.
ben. He observed that the righthonourable Speaker of the [loupe had
only once been prevented in his attendance on business; but it might
not always happen that a gentleman could fill the situation so favour.
ably—and as the absence of the spaiker would suspend for the time
the business of the house, he (Mr. Hubhouse) would propose that tome
measure should be taken into consideration to supply the temporary ab-
sence of the Speaker.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER sad it would Lc
impossible to reduce to a system the disposition of the orders of the
day by taking them in rotation. The Committee of Supply was the
most important part of the duty of ministers, and whoceet might be
so unfortunate, under such a regulation, to he compelled to move
on the committee, would have an opportunity, eerhaps, only once
in six weeks, so that, if he did not gain his purpose on ore oc-
caeion, be could not have another opportunity fur six weeks atter.
Lord NUGENT was of opinion, that in presenting petitions,
instead of making the presentation one motion, time laying on the
table, the printing, and the bringing up, each separate motion. and
affonling an opportunity for speeches on each motion, that the *hole
should be combined into one ; and if the petition was received et all,
that it be understood that the sanction of the House was given to u:1 the
other stages required.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY objected to any curtailment of the regtol—ious
in presenting petitions, as they afforded the only opportunities fee mem.
ben to express their sentiments on important matters entrusted to tbi lot
by their constituents.
Mr. WA ITHMAN did not think that any regulation regse.i;sit a
dinner bout would accelerate the busine,s of the House, the. chief de-
lay was occasioned by speeches of nneeceseare length. The oast .1.1.11.
*ion had been most shamefully c netositel, aed lie thought th..l the
House ought to do more and talk Les.
Sir ROBERT PEEL was not to erinion that any regulation could
be understood as to the length of yin tehes—ar d with regard to naming
an hour for adjournment to dinner, it would not prevent gentlriUtli
from dieing at any Mut they clime ; he would therefore preens, that
the house do meet at three o'clock, that tau hews be set apart t r the
presenting petitions, and private bmioess. anti that public business
should commence at five o'clock ; and if Os: plan did not succeed. th.'t
a committee be named to inquire how the best means to remedy the in.
convenience.
11r. JOHN WOOD surgested that a particular hour should he
named, alter which no new motion for the night should be per.
milted.
Sir R PEEL objected to having IVedneselay and Saturday see boned
in the days of business ; his official duties occupied him ten hours each
' day, and it wait impossible that his elajesty's ministers could attend
to business at that Tate, for six days in succession.
The kesolutiona were then reed Ly the Speaker, but nu etc 'ion
took place.
REPORT ON THE ADEV.Esti.
Lord GRIMSTONE brought up the:Report on the Address So the
King.
Mr. 31 ABERLY was surprised that his Majesty's .Ministers
should have produced such a speech, when they knew that the whoje
country was so much interest. d in it. There was certainly niestion
made of economy, hot these was no mention of a reduction o:' taxes.
' During last year there had been a red.tct lon of textrion, but then
it was not from the discretion of the llinistets, but because they.
were constrained to the measure. Had the Committee of Finance
been permitted to continue, it would have h.in attended with
Ibeneficial effects; and Ministers might have mid we base
, submitted the affair to your consideratior, rood we will do as you think
I best, but ministers cannot say an now t but they my say we Ivey afraid
that you
consumed,
tyouw he w would
take too
remark thatmuch.
Wbe
there
when
al:lire had never iW
i"saremade
deotll. amore
hn.
bring
time more needlessly consumed than in the Retfced we ; and it'
ministers had intended to rant any reform, they had Levet a

r,

1
N

I'

f

4

;;
,•,

1

. 1 1

~.

,

better opportunity t!:al by transferring the elective franchise to
Birmingham and. 31anchester ; but ministers did not intend to grant
any reform. One of his majesty's ministers had declared in his place
in the other house, on the preceding night, that there should be no re-
?twin. Mr. Canning had once said, that the system worked well—it
did work well for the government, but it did not work well for
th- 7ovemed. There was in the county of Surrey eight members
scat to the House by nominees, and six by constituents; so that the
eight must nut-vote the six. And county members might be frustrated in
a ttiei.i to ha members for Old Sarum. A resolution had been passed,
that r.. l'cer should interfere in elections, but the nominees in Surrey
were a moor that the resolution was not attended to. The mode of elec-
tion in Se ttland was another evidence of the want of Reform, where the
rberni, rs s nee, in a sense, all self-elected. The Ring could not expect
to en j 'y a happy reign, if he did not give a Reform to the Constitu-
tion. Tht: whole country was disappointed in the speech. He (Mr. M.)
was glad that it had been boldly declared what was the intention of
ministers; but if his Majesty did not reduce taxation, and give a Re-
form, he would be the most unpopular king that ever sat on the Sri.
fish Throne. The hon. Gentleman concluded with imploring the at.
tention of Ministers to his suggestions, and added, that if they did not.
he feared that they would hate cause to repent it.
Mr. TENNYSON thought Ministers were affected with the blind-
ness tbat precedes destruction; but the Duke of Wellington might rest
sured that reform would not long rest in his behest. He (Mr. Ten-
nyson) was grateful to his Majesty for the example he had set in sacri-
ficing a portion of his income. The Earl of Camden bad made such
another sacrifice for many years, almost without thanks, and almost un-
known ; but he (Mr. T.) knew one who better deserved a mark of pub-
lic approbation for the example he had set them than the Noble Emt
The people of England were of a very different opinion with Ministers,
when they put into the mouth of our beloved Sovereign such sentiments
regarding the Netherlands ; it was unjust and indecent to cause him to
give an opinion on one side of the question without evidence. He (Mr.
T.) would therefore move an amendment on the fifth paragraph when
tie Addres was read.
Mr..l. WOOD was astonished at the speech that the ministers had
dared to put into the mouth of his Majesty. Ilia Majesty had the
city of reigning over a loyal people, but if they were too much tampered
with they might become disorderly. It appeared to be the intention of
ministers to give them a war for diversion. We had no right to inter-
tete ; and he ( Mr. T.) would resist every subsidy, for that purpose, that
uo money nor a single soldier of ours should enter Belgium, or any
other power in Europe. The assurance of an amnesty by Miguel woo
not to be relied upon, for he had already broken his oath. He wadi
conclude by remarking one of the charges of impeachment airiest the
late ministers of France—that of influencing elections; and hs weal
remind ministers that that was perhaps not the only Chamber where sate
a charge might be brought. The people would have reform.
Mr. LEADER regretted the impression that the speech would mob
upon the people of Ireland. When government had declared their In-
tendon of doing nothing for Ireland, and at the same time proposed to
tax the press, a deep sentiment was felt throughout Ireland that their
only hope was in the repeal of the Union. No country in the world
ever took such a spring in agricultural and manufacturing IY ae
Ireland after alto obtained a constitution in 1782. After the
manufacture and agricultural prices fell ; the demand for the army was
diminished, and the remittances to absentees increased, and the mass of
misery became increased in consequence. During the right bon. acre-
tary's (Sir tt. Peel's) government of Ireland he gave assistance to public
works in Ireland, which was of great advantage ; but which had since
been withdrawn. The charges on Ireland were created at a time when I
agricultural produce bore high prices; and they were sow continued at
the same rate. When the Duke of Wellington entered public life in
the Irish parliament, the whole taxation did not amount to more than
a million a.year —a sum less than what was now raised by Grand Jury
taxation. When to this was added the enormously expensive church
establishment, and the remittances to absentees, the people of Ireland
were reduced to a state of misery unknown in any part of the world. It
was in vain in such a state of things to hope to quiet the country or sa-
tisfy the people by proclamations. He had not yet formed any opinion
on the subject of the repeal of the Union. He represented as free seta
stituentcy as any on earth, and on that most important point they had
f left him to the free exercise of his unbiassed judgment. He implored
the Ministers of the Crown to direct their attention to the state of Jr..
land, and to endeavour to ameliorate the condition of the people. He
thanked the house for the very great attention with which they had
heard him.
Sir JOHN BURKE said, the moral state of the greater part of Ire-
land was sound. Property was respected ; but the stack made on the
press, by the threat of additional taxation, had excited a strong sera.
nor. The people were only anxious for employment, and did not wish
for a dissolution of the union with this country. Let Ireland not be
over-hurthened with taxation, and England need not apprehend any
agitation. He thought the events in Belgium bad no effect on the people
of Ireland; but if this country went to war for Belgium, it would be
Impossible to say what might be the consequences.
Lord MORPETH said, he had learned from the speeches made
by the two Irish members, that the state of Ireland required Minden
and relief, which he hoped it would receive ; but, in the mean time,
he hoped all practical reformers would unite in practical measures,
and not in attempts that might lead to the most disastrous cense-
quences. The mention of Belgium was the sore place in the
for if there was any one principle in which the people of this
country were agreed, it was that of non-interference with foreign coun-
tries. (Hear, hear.) It was attempted by many to represent this
country as in a state to excite great alarm. He was willing to hope that
there was no rational ground for alarm. Abuses, pvejsdices, and su-
perstition might tremble at their approaching dissolution—but in this
country, where all the sound portion of the community were attached to
our institutions, he could not bear to be told of danger, when the only
lesson to be inculcated was duty, and all that was wanted was reno-
vation—for certainly in a period of revolution it could not be safe to
fall back on Newark and Stamford (hear.) Reform of Parliament was
absolutely necessary, and the Administration that resisted it pronounced
against itself a verdict of incapacity (hear.) If all reasonable conces-
sion was made, then might they take their stand against unreasonable
demands ; and in any event they must be acquitted of reproach (hear.)
Mr. WAYLAND said it would barrow up the feelings of the House
if he were to state the extent of distress that existed amongst the labour-
ing population of the country. There was Tno profitable employment
for capital, and of course there was a deficiency of employment for la-
bour. A remedy should be supplied for this evil before the country
could be restored to a healthy state (hear.)
Mr. ROBINSON thought it the duty of every member who repre-
sented constituents, to offer his opinion on the present state of affairs.
He could not but fear that Government would bring the country into a
most unfortunate state if they intermeddled in the affairs of the conti-
nent, which had already brought a great masa of misery on this coon-
try. Could the right hon. gent. say, that if the Government interfered,
that he might not soon come down to the house with a message from his
Majesty, that his honour and dignity required that he should support
ins mediations by an armament. (Hear, hear.) On the part cf his con-
stituerna, and of the people of England, he could assure ministers that
thy would not support any government in a continental crusade. (Hear,
bear.) He thought ministers ought to have advised his Majesty to
use some expression of sympathy towards the sufferings of the people.
(Hear, hear.) He implored the house not to allow the session to pass
ever without endeavouring to improve the condition of the people, by
increasing employment and repealing the corn laws. (Hear, hear.)
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said, it was a matter of deep regret
that his Majesty had not noticed the distress of the people. He felt it
his duty on the part of the people he represented to protest against that
part of the Speech from the Throne which indicated an intention to in.
terfere in the affairs of Belgium.—(Hear, hear.) He was one of 4000
of the citizens of London who had petitioned the House against any in.
terference in the affairs of France; that petition was disregarded—we
did interfere, and we were now suffering the consequences. The in.
tendon of interference expressed in the Speech had excited an angry
feeling in the country. He had found it in different classes of the
pie that day.—(Hear.) He was astonished that Government could be
so weak as to meditate such an interference. He thought, when Govern-
ment saw the universal wish of the people fora reform in parliament,
that they would, as they had done before, yield to public Won, and
consent to a reform. With deep sorrow be had heard that Government
had determined to resist all reform. He lived in the centre of three
rotten boroughs. He was within ten yuda of Garton, and if he could
get but an eighth of an acre in it, be could return two members to that
House. It was notorious that both the seats were sold.—(Hear, hear.)
Perhaps, if he were proprietor of (futon, he might do the same—be did
not blame the individual, but the system. (Hear, bear.) He was not
an alarmist, but he could not but fear that If reform were resisted we
should have revolution.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. FERGUSSON said be would not eve an opinion on the affairs
of France or of Belgium, but be was confident the words used in his
majesty's speech were calculated to do infinite mischief. The Belgians
were called revolted subjects, though they consisted of three fifths of the
people of the Netherlands, though they exercised all the powers of go.
vernment, raised taxes and armies, and conquered in the fieid, and took
citadels.--(Hear, hear.) And frith those who were called revolted sub.
jects, we must treat as with persons exercising the powers of govern.
meet. If we meant to tranquillbe that country, every irritating ex-
pression should be avoided.—(Hear, hear.) If it was supposed supposedt
this country should enter into a war for the Slag of Holland, be would
say that under no circumstances would he consent that a drop of British
Wed should be shed, or the smallest coin of the realm ex d foe
each an object.—(Loud cheering.) If um was not Inten there
was no person In this country that weed& net approve of me.
diadem for the purpose of restoring ilsagaillity to the Nether.
lauds.—(Chserlng from the Treasury Endue.) But a mediator
does not threaten—be does not call num (6eneal dised) If we
mediated, we must meet those plasm is Osegems 'bat we but hew
dad as revelled subjects. ((syers.) The remiations with Wish Is.
rope was mow threatened, were caused by premiss of a ropmemadve
Onomwmese made In data of aw, and brans wisent=ripbodwas
se lobe overseas. The of Balland bad a
to Mier his own !dissent, and sow he WWI spa as 10
its anise. (Bear, bear.) The treaty *as nide in pestle as=
lends against Prom, but not against the people, even dm. called

revolted subjects. (Hear, hear.) The Belgians had made themselves
independent, and we must not go to war to compel their return to the
yoke. (Cheviot.) He was a determined enemy to an attempt to
dissolve the union with Ireland. He denied that the house ever
refused sympathy to Ireland. (Hear, bear, bear) He believed
that the disfranchisement of the ferty-shilling freeholders
bad caused much distress in Ireland, as the unfortunate men were now
turned adrift by the landlords without having the resource of pose laws
which they ought to have. The Sub-letting Act was the creatsre of the
Irish members themselves. The land member for Waterford cam.
planed that the Parliament had paned se ad by which a landlord was
enabled to turn out a tenant in anon at as expense of 221. instead of
171. and that was one of the homed gmilmma's arguments against the
Union. (Cheers.) There was nabs In Ile learned gentleman's life
to make any one think that le dli net man well for Ireland. He had
dans more foe Ireland than Leak aid Osemnons ; be bad pined
for Ireland the justice which fad bag deeded. (Hear, boos.)
He had no objection to piss agekist the union ; het he must 4ret
es the existence of •So to mese tundammlly for the ihmanden ergo.
!Weal and aad for akin a tax on the people whith mi. hi
appl to a or Meld purses. Mar.)
Mr. CRI mid he mid, agreed with what had fallen from the
the learned gent. who bad jest got down, in every word be had said on
the stated -Ireland ; and Ito kepi before the Session paned over, a
law would peas for a poor ram he bawd. As to the King's Speech, if
he believed its tendency waswar.he amid not approve it ; but it meant
mediation only, and be append that slims should be made to restore
tranquillity t if war to dket tummillkywase threatened, then ne thought it
would become the Parliament se Makes to prevent Ministers from
pursuing any such cause. With signet to oar country, he had no
fears about it. The pupae were sees 4 end these wits committed out-
rage he believed MOD SID as by wiebeind thdonlas inn The country
was indescribably impseed, sad the oesilden dWind was greatly
advanced. That was the "him of the Irish members. Ths Impor-
tations into die ommety ham imiandbed_o Indy beasilled that ostastry.
It was the comewith the " animals." limy add wall whoa disy get
here. (Mesh bugbear.) An the swims si thst emery were sent ben
(Continued langletse.) If the repealed the Miss were carried, memo
of the bide mates wail be meshed km, and then the min of that
country would be somplemd. la asides he would say, that the
King's Speech, taken me a whole, comb. eat entitle that objection which
would warrant an asesedment.
Sir 0. MURRAY said his tight boa hind, in the early net of the
evening, had reasammeded limn speeches; be should endeavour to
show that he mimed et eash a recommendation. As to what bed been
said about brehaddes andind it to be agreed on all heads that the
repeal of the Union was mot advisable. It was unfortunate for Ireland,
that when one di/may bad ben overcome, another cause of agitation
should be discovered; but be emoted that after a short period of delu-
sion, Ireland would see the error into which agitation would lead them.
With respect to Belgium, he could not see any thing hr the Zing's
Speech Which would warrant the hostile chanter given to it—there was
so each picture. It contemplated only mediation, with a view of re.
staring tranquillity; and there was nothing in the treaties, or in just
policy, to prevent such interference or mediadoo. And when the pecu-
liar sit of Belgium, as regarded Europe, was considered, was not
that a desirable Aim ? The policy of the government had been
past; and an decidedly bad they adhered to such policy, that
they bad been sometimes taunted as befog afraid of war. That
had been particularly the case as regarded Portugal. Allusions
bad been made to the Holy Alliance, but let it be remembered,
this country was never a member of that Alliance, and he trusted
it would never form a part of any such alliance. This country would
only cooperate with its Allies to prawn, itpossible, the tranquil.
My of Europe. It had been said that the King's Speech made no
innof reduction, but how could reduced taxes be promised till
ashi seen what expenditure could be diminished ? nor would It
have been more correct for the Speech to have made any allusion to
the question of reform. There were various opinions on that subject.
He should listen to any plans that might be brought forward, cladd-
ing on them as he drined them beneficial or detrimental to the
country. (Cheers.) With that understanding he was prepared to listen
to any proposition that might be brought forward. (Cheers.) He admit.
the abstract right of the pen le to a therein the representation; but he
contended as we u for the cheering and agitation prevented
us from distinctly what he said). that it was advantageous for
the people that exercise of such right should be limited, that go.
vernment should be restricted to the few. The object of representation
was to obtain the most bensildel govemment ; (loud cheers) but he did
set consider that such gasmen would be obtained by an mon= of
the ihnehise. He thought the result would be quite the contrary. To
adept language that halihem ocawdonally ridiculed, he consibled that
the powers system "mind well ; " and, as proof of it, be sesdimsd
that it was by the woddift ef this system dun this conney bed home
=sat mama ima. Ele vied at pad egoist tuft
he me* set gernbeity, sigesieWthet met oF
dais& by a adeopprelmesien d his emel smembs. lib Imehat
the woken of the mash mad the stabilkyaf the omelbelles,
dependml on Isaving &Wily mopectable and
powedel edirlasimcylir2
that sash Ws foram um mist likely is Isms this amiely against
those smuldess abide bad shaken ether Mates He diked not to
mess an impeller 'moderato on the pert of the aristsamey, in the
=rariferellilidis 1 but he fat @misled of the neesulty thet the
should have a considerable shire of MONIS% that
he Maumee should not be coedited within its am wake—mud that if
even it could us long withstand Mee mash. that would be made
wpm it, he minimised that it was regnielts that the adstemmey should
be maintained by certain outworks; and that disk MMus, was as
essential to the country as the emblem of the eakmancy to the
cooethution--(Considerable cheering, espedally from the Opposition
beaches.)
Mr. DENMAN said the speech of the right hos. lowsfary would be
read with MAWk= by the country (hear), and he had only to sigma
that the smatimmes et such individuals could not have plevalkd des.
where, and them they might not have had to deplore the brageage of dm
speech from the them Qom.) At all events be thought they odela
now decidedly calculate M having one right hen. secretary on the side
of pediententary ram. The principles which be had laid down
might fairly be aimed I. support of universal soakage (hear.) Tits
question had been teal, mead to be how it was best to obtain the blow
ing of the best Oevatummt ? A good Government, it was admitted,
was the object eseght; and the right hon. seastazy had added, that
he Instead, seam to any propositions for the most sedelleisey ad.
plums otai that ttzistioto, reserving his own opinion of mum. But
was it net (though they had just hand such sentiment
net IN yawls hent Mee), a noble duke had en the preceding
sight disissi that be was no reamer—that he would have no reform
—that he would met listen to it—that, in fact, while he was at the bead
of the Clomeament, no amendment of the constitution should take place.
(Loud cries et bar.) Therefore, for the sentiments just uttered, they
were indebted to the right hos. secretary as an individual, and not as $
minister. He (Mr. D.) begged to state, that be had heard every sen-
tence of the speech with deep grid; it did not give utterance to
sentiments worthy et an enlightened t. As far as Del-
glum was concerned, it was peculiarly unfortunate—by that speech the
governmen t had already interfered. They came forward mkt the
mask of mediation, but they had expressed opinion maim the patios
for whom they were to mediw. To call the proceedings " a revile
was a slander. The learned gentleman having warmly WNW
the French revolution as a glorious and beautiful evens—tea
one that redounded to the honour of the lower orders by wheat it was
erected, and as one that was delightful to contemplate, showialtaces it
did the ingress of education ; he simagly condemned any
in the question between Belgium and Holland. He also coadeened
the King's Speech es one that, instead of being conciliatory, was hoe&
and defying. (Hear.) As to reform, the Right Hon. Secretary would
admit them to discuss it, but it must be with a holy regard to the right
of the aristocracy to interfere in elections. The representation was am
intolerable mockery—lt was a public nuisance—it was a mockery every
when else but where be spoke—it stunk in the public nostrils. If the
I House did not promote reform, the people would not fail to be true to
themselves they would proceed comstitudoeally—but they would net
sedum so :durable a mockery of titian.
11 Mr. TREFUSIS hailed with ion the language of the Right
Hoe. Secretary in favour of reform. (Cheers.)
Lout L. GOWER admitted that the curet of public opinion—that
demur—was in favour of Parliamentary Reform. That
Crdeemed k home to say be plainly saw—but he was, nevertheless,
ageket liehem. as a miechievous measure.

—Mr. SANDIYORD bailed the new converts to reform, but lamented
that the Noble Lord should deem it convex to speak of popular opinions
as clamour.

Mr. H. DAVIS said he should oppose reform, convinced that it
would be most
Mr. HUOHEdrAMICS rose amid cries of " Question," and was
for awhile unlnteilleble. The hon. gentleman maid that be did not
enter that house to become the slave of faction. it had pleased Pro.
videnoe, (laughter)—it had pleased Providence (renewed laughter)—
to place over the country a most mild, munificent, and gracious Log,
(bear,) and as fez as wee consistent with his duty to his constituents,
he was determined to strengthen the lands of Government...(Her
and laughter.)
After a few words, inaudible, flow Mr. TREVOR,
Sir ROPEKT;PREL roes and said, that the disenesion which had
taken place that night, imposed a duty on hint whisk he would meet
eillingly avoid on the present occasion t es thosubject
reform, it was his intention to amid all remark until
and learned member's (Mr. BionsheWs) soden on that UM
before the house, when heslesuld g vsas "idea to the heetersiadj
meat on that tumours ; but the ammlesetleas pit by his heisa
kap, (Six Gawp Illurray)sa that limoden lel him so lOW dlues.
tire than to state distinctly that time weerdlibuddesia the of dm
mem= which his majesty's Wallas wise me
partial discussions on that nuenate, be was wadi mg to
no eatiefecternltrl,nult ; he should thanks mean his aendments un-
til another when he should be aims midi* sad hs had
only said se last Mimes MI such a illbjeet laths
into acquiescanec The sight haasurable Sasestay then 411111111.=
Mena of that pert of the Ipsode then the Thane which eluded as
the Mora the Netheekerte. lad at patt With tend to the Bowie
emote Enna ammo Spsothea from tbe Those sleep the time et

Fox and Pitt, on the 'abject et the Low Countries, to prove that
it would be contrary to the uniform policy of England. if she were
now to show Indiana* to the present state of Holland and Bel.
glum. The teal question is, whether or not the Hans mew to
any inconvenient pled,* by votheg the address. He (Sir Robert
Peel) thee& not. He was bound to declare this it was his opi.
ides, that the interfewhe of laughed to rewire tranquillky wee the only
none to And a And be im the house not to nee any
address total to the Netherlands and
Holland.
Mr. BROUGHAM rase, sad expressed his senpries thelt be should he I
called upon to speak out of aide, by speaking twist on the mime ques-
don ; and that the boo. Stastary who had just set down, had not ad.
dressed himself to the question st this night, but had addressed himself
entirely to the speech which be (Mr. Brougham) had made in his pine
last night. (Hear, beer.) There were at that time three Crown Mi.
nistas—ths Master of the Mint, the Chancellor at the Exchequer,
and the Colonel Secretary, but neither of these gentlemen had
thought it neceshry to say a word ; but dace, during the twenty-fon
hours' recess, it append that all Dowalarshoet Ace bad been ran-
sacked and arrayed on the occasion. He (M. B.) was still at opinion,
that after all that had been said by the hew secretary, his (Mr. B.'s)
argument remained as little disturbed as it was last night, when the
three cabinet ministers did not even venture to say a word In
The reference to the affairs of the Netherlands, which be
the King's spat* was our botorniziporty where we intoned to be
a mediator. (Haw, bear.) In the 's welsh, quoted by the right
boa. gentleman,
but
in expressed regret at th troubles in the
Low Countries ; but in the present speech the spirit of partiality was
manifest. The King's Govseument is enl=—tho Belgians ere
revolters. (Bow, hear.) There was no of ear Interfering
before in the amass& is of a foreign country. There was
no right to immeneddis In tit Menai Writhed a amigo country, and
waning the tight, k was die gusehat kniedcy to ateseept it. If his Ala-
*ty's senoping the Dube erwaimpen, would Weeks as
little In the imemal mendes as they apposed to haw-
few in the Goiummt et Ilk R heal be baggy tor their rountry.
(Hier, ands laugh.) The purpled this owenz would net bear lo go
to war for say hedge aountrynisidisiline4thow. Meantime most
meddling and they who themselves brad to
fight, or Ie Iteta many, sod that was to impose taxes. (Cheers.)
Lord PA umilUtlON inquired et Ms R. Peel whether k was the
intention of the British resumment whom Dem Mined publidesd the
amnesty which was to prelude ear essepitin d his Me, that aids gat
vernment would amps' ids adhsraletO ID the Wows of that testy
The exiles of Portapl should know what esewity they had to de-
pend onibefore they manned M Portugal on the IMO et that maw*
Sir R. PEEL said we bad der aU he o:s.to congeal the newest
of the exiles. We had &darn that Dan s title Wald net be
acknowledged till the mann, Should be ; of course we meld
not be the guarantees of the whormy ; ese madnet in case of Its viola.
tion must be governed by the circumstesces shies tree.
The Report was then brought up and agreed to.
Mr. HUME said he wished to place sa record his dissent icon the
speech, inannwe as ft contained no sesemandedea of a wands. of
tenths or of padiamentary reform, which he would de by anis se
oddities es the adieus. He was maddest the time wield mem mos
when Mallows mead repent their anthest, ad be hoped the atimery
would aquas their datootwion of men who peeved themeless us tidy
toregardlf e It re etpeeputhe suifteinps.B
,4,....,of.thelicith sad that they would be mods
moved an mild=
to the address, expreelft regret that his ICZahl set womunswisd
a reduction of taxation.

The motion was negesived without a division.
Mr. HUME thou vaned an addition to the Addams, explowisi deep
regret that his Mejssayhad nut been advised to rosewood a reform in
the repreasnmden Otls L Parliament.
Sir R. PEEL pwlssMiageless the expression of vengeance spinet
ministers. He was ,mime there was no men of property in the emus.
try who would not sspeliMe sob a threat.
Mr. HUME said, what henna by vengeance was, that they should
be driven from Ass, as WO& of pmnim the conn.
The motion was thee Depths' t a division.—The House ad.
knurled at Half-pest Tin .'Clock.

THE TUEP.

Newmarket, Thursday Night.
The following race was run after our account left the course t
601. for 2.yrs.old, carrying a feather ; 3, let. bib ; 4, list gib t 6, Vet.
Sib; 6,9 st 71ti ; and aged, gat 101 b. Last three miles of B. C...-
The winner, with his engagement., to be sold for 300 guineas, if, Le.
Mr. Hunter's gr. f. Christina, 3 yes ... 1
Lord Racist's Schumla, 3 yes ... 2
10 to 1 apt Christina, 7 to 2 apt Lord Orosvasee's b. e. Wray, 7
to 1 apt Mr. ChiSsey's Flacrow, 3 to I apt Mr. "s Donal&
The Judge placed but two. A very draw run west the horses, how.
ever, kept well together, and made a petty struggle at the &ha,
Alibiing winning by a head (sly.
The match was *say matured, Lard Cheelmfieles filly winning
by a head s rode by Caly. 6t04 ea the loser.
The Mx*, new noes bare Wawa& for Fridays—.
110411...49 ems. b. ft. T. Y. C. Dabs d Itichmend's Ardefts, tint.
vanelwi Oderd's f. by Whelan's, 7m.
of 26 eash. First half of Ab. M.
Celand Lby out of Orion's dam, list. 71b.
Mr. l`aywe's tby Gahm. awe Quail, 7st. 121 b.
Lad Orfard's c. by Mai m% one of Bertonia, 7st. lib.
Wednesday Anaemia, 3 eels&
As we have before staled, the races for Treed,and Weise
were alike scanty and unimportant. The see et the mewing
rests in the three andading days, to which several Widens bare
been made
the doesdoesour last. The following new enppematm appear in
let s

TIIIIISDAT

Mateh-100 eon. b.L D.M. Elks IL Wood's Capfuls Arthur, Lord
Ortord's Country. &t. 31b. stek.

Palimr.

Sweepstakes of 25 sem. each fis twayrolds. Pint ball of Ab. AL
Filly by Mustachio, at of Orion'.. dam, Set. 71b.
Quail My, 7st. 12.
Barcena colt, let. lllb •
Match-100 son. h. S. T.Y.C. Doke of Richmond's Refuges, Set.
71b. apt. Mr. Penes's Queen of Hints, Set 21b.
Matelt-50 son. h. R. T.Y.C. Duke of Richmond's Ardella,
apt Lad Orford's L by Whakbone, 7st.
SATURDAY.
A Gold Cap (bandkap) value 200 son is opened.
Amongst the company wile are been here in the rouse of the week,
we have observed the Duke of Ikenfort, Duke of Oration, Duke and
Deism el Richmond, Duke of Rutland, Marquis and Marcidonan
of Wormstsr, Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter, Earl and Countess
of WINN Earl of Orford, Earl of Us Earl Stradbroke, Lords
t=tJohn Fitzroy, C. Mennen, C. G. Bomb* and
irl Lay Peal, Lady Sanaa% the ladles Mamas, Sir 11.
I Wood, Hon. Captain Rom, Colonel War), Colonel Wilson, Colonel
Russell, Colonel Woolseton, Colonel gyre, Captain Fladarence,
Hunter, Grant, Standen, Messrs. C. Wilson, Herkimer*, 11. P.
11 Tog. M. P. Peechy. M. P. Irby, Bulkeley, Walker, Greying, J.
Milk, F. Mills, Batson, Waddington, Stenebewer, Wm* Radellik,
Payne, Holyeake, Roberts, Hawker, Colborne, Ac.
The Derby and Oaks betting has bias very languid this week; a
few engagements, however, have bees made at the under-mentioned
prices :
SUM
13 to 1 apt Mr. Chifney's Caleb
14 to 1 Lord Exeter's Bobanian
16 to t -- Mr. Beardswortb's Colwick
16 to 1 Lord Jersey's Cobweb colt
go to 1 Camel Udny's Andepe cult
so to 1 Lwd Illgo's Braude-Per
21 to 1 Doke 1 Grafton's Pastide colt
25 to 1 Lord Jenny's Blander colt
so to 1 Sr J. Cressida colt
22 to 1 Lord Jersey's Filigree colt
50 to 1 Lord Easter's Hamm.
omm.
II to s opt Doke of Grafton's Oxygen
6 to Mr. Houkkworth's Circassian

11 to 1 Mr. lisoffer's Delight
so to 1 Lord Cavendish's Espapolle
Is order to afford dose to those who atteoded the swabs el Par-
lamest yesterday to return to this day's room tbry are smutted to
take Olaa at au stwassally late bow—abont the don tbey plurally

—The Hatch between Mr. ThrashWe Crock sad Mr. Gay,
Wrweest My. for 100 errs. b. ft. will sot be raa.

COVET TOR RELIEF OP INSOLVENT DEBTORS.
The Matters at the Peddles and Schedules of the Prisoners hereinafter
named (the eras having been filed in the Court) we appointed to be
heard at the Comuassoe, in PortupLotreet, Lincoln's Ina-folds,
en Tuesday, lee of November, 1830, at Nine o'clock in the
Tennoon.

ariigy Wall, late of Omar Peter-meet, Westminster, baker and coo.
tsodomn
Johs Goon, late of Ozterammet, shell fish dealer.
wmeretaladtckti
lots a<iCcrea, dorsiataiytw.aad, .w.
theemakm.l
honouree.
jam Yollop, late of Charleammet, Harpmeness, Nes lonseed,
Ireher.
Jobe Sten, lete of Ozbrd-morett votehoreker proral nema&
William Wotan, late of Cook's Gnome, Iliaito lead, Adm. ens
of inutisem.
Pine Glocomelli, late of Note/4nm, landent, Neon of Pat ism
maker.
Wm. Vies, km of IFlnt.leas, noeutuarkitr.isPfelPhse Plum
J, Glen, lass el Thebberosomese, asigwasumen, eat of Dubow
