I

•
'

, 1
1
I
I

I,

I ,
11

!F;

.I;
• I
.t

!JON DON.

MONDAY,' I
PRICE OF STOCKS
Rank Stock 219 I 1
3 per Cent. Red. 93/
per Ct. Cone. 931
31 per Ct. Red. 1001 99/
4 per Cent. 101/ 1 /
4 per Ct. 1826, 105/ 1
Long Ann. 194 11-.l6tbe

Do: 30 Yeari, 19i
India Bonds 74 2
FOREIGN FUNDS,

EBRUARY 1.
AT TWO 0 CLOCK.
South Sea Stock
New Annuities
5 per Cent. 1751, •
.61000 Kzeh.l3llll 74 6 4
X5OO Ditto 74 6 4
.8100 and 1200 Do. 74 6 4
Bank for Aec• eso

India for Acct. 233
Cons. for Ace. 92j si itt
TWO O'CLOCK.

Brazil Bds, Spr Ct. 711 1 i Ditto Ace. 36 1 11 7 I 1 161
Ditto Aect. 71 1 Illez. Bd.. 5 per Ctogi
Colour. Bds.6 per Ct. Do B. 1825,6 p Ct.
Do. KN. 1824, 231 Do. Ace. 251
Do. Ace. 231 1 3 .. Peruv. Bda. 6 pr Ct. 19}
Do. 100, 251 Do. Ace. 19
Doish Bonds, 3p. Ct. 75 Pruss. Bonds. S p Ct. 1031
Do. Ace. 751 1 1 I Russ. Bds. 1822, spr Ct.llol
Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct. 361 6 Sp. Bd.. 5 per Ct.lll
Do. 100, 36 Dn. Ace.lll 12
Do. B. 1825, 5 pCt. 361 71 1 7 I Do. 510, 13 1
BRITISH 44 NI) FOREIGN SliAllES, TWO O'CLoCi.•

.MAIL PAID. NM MAIM
Anglo Mexican (its. at £5 pm) 100 100 59 51If
Prazilian Company 20 5 71
Colombian OIL at £5 pm.) 35 57& Ili
United i‘lex, (iss. at £1 pm.) 40 29f 17f

By the arrival of the French and Flanders Mails this;
morning, despatches were received from their Excellencies
Lord STUART DE ROTHSA lr, Our Ambassador at Paris;
and from Sir CHARLES BAGOT, at the Hague.

Mr. BANKER retires from the Secretaryship of the
Board of Controul, and is to become an unpaid Com-
missioner. Mr. WORTLEY, SOU of Lord WHARNCLIFF,
is to succeed Mr. BANKER. Lord Cn AN DOB has the
offer of the Mint, but demurs for fear of being opposed
at the next election, and losing his seat as a county re-
presentative. No successor has been yet named to Ell
the place of Lord MOUNTCHA RLES.

An Amendment is to be moved to the Address in the
Peers, by Earl STANHOPE. It is also strongly reported
that the Marquis of SLAW DEORD will move one of a
very spirited description in the Commons. The Noble
Marquis, we are told, will introduce a bill early in
the ensuing Session, to reform—or rather, restore—
the representation of the people, according to the
true meaning of the Constitution. We have heard, also,
that Mr. (Mori wri.t. is preparing an amendment, and
likewise Sir H. v YAW. We may look, certainly, for
an animated discussion on the Address.

If any one doubts the correctness of the views taken
by this journal of the prostration of the country gen-
tlemen, let him refer to the proceedings of the
Cheshire County Meeting for our justification. There
he will see that a petition was moved, expressing
the nature and extent of the grievances suffered
by the bystanders, and demonstrating that no class
prospers, except that which derives its principal in-
come from the taxes. It is alleged, also, on that pe-
titionrand who is there to dispute the allegation—
that the principal and sufficient cause of these calami-
ties is to be found in laws introduced by the present
servants of the public, by which those servants
have doubled their own salaries, together with all
the debts—public and private—and fiscal burdens of
those who pay them : that these laws of Mr.
hr F.L and his colleagues have violated the spirit
of the Constitution,first—•by increasing the taxes with-
wit the knowledge and consent of the people ; and secondly,
by invading, and indirectly confiscating, the property of

the subject. Not one of these propositions—novel and

astounding as they are, or ought to be—was in the
slightest manner impugned, or objected against, by any
of the Gentlemen present at the Meeting : on the con-
,: trary, their capital fatilt seemed to be their incontieverti-
bility—that they were too true, in fact, to be expediently
announced by men, who were not quite sure that the ne-
cessities of a rising family might not make it convenient
to ask favours of the parties impeached in that petition.
This is a monstrous condition of things, but nevertheless
it is the actual condition.

Mr. EDWARD DAVENPORT sided firmly and faith-
fully with the people, but he was not quite a match for
the astute aristocrat, who—half-supporting, half-opposing
his resolutions—contrived very dexterously to fritter away
much of theirindependent character and substantial matter.
Tbis new made Peer, who boasted of his cheek-by-jowl
equality with the SovemEto N, turns out nevertheless to
be a servile old Courtier, and regular government
hack of thirty-five years standing—a man, whose very
presence at a popular Meeting, unless it be to facilitate
the people's objects, ought to be viewed with jealousy,

and scouted as an invidious intrusion. Yet such'
is Lord DELA x Jinx, who interfered in the business
at Nortbwich, and objected to Mr. DAVENPORT'S
petition, because its language, forsooth, was not suffi-
ciently respectful to the people's oppressors. In the
amendment which he moved and carried—the break-
fast-table amendment of which we spoke at the time
—he expresses his full confidence that the Govern-
meat will do all it can, to remedy the mischief of its
own handy work. He calls himself a plain man,
and says that he does not understand the subject
—deducing from his own stupidity, we suppose,
the corollary of the stupidity of others. He then ven-
tures a clap-trap about high rents and low wages, and
gets a shout in his favour by one of those unworthy
stratagems, which merit better the hiss of indignant
scorn.

After my Lord DELA:an ts'. display the Movers
and Seconders left their respective petitions in
the hands of the Meeting. The consequence was,
that the one proposed by Mr. E. DAVENPORT was
sluiced by the milk and water of Lord DELANERE--..
nothing of whose amendment was left out, except the
too base and disgusting flattery with which it concluded.

Hawing in the early part of last week been the first to
announce that if Prince LEOPOLD went to Greece, it
would only be as Prince Protector, instead of KING,
(an arrangement due entirely to his MAJESTY,) the
news was eagerly seized by an evening editor, who ma-
nufactured an article of his own out of our materials.
Now as the said article has been noticed in several other
journals, and made the leading one in a Sunday journal
of considerable circulation, we think it right to notice a
glaring absurdity which it contains. "It is not known,"
says the writer, "whether C-ountCAPO D'ISTRIAS remains
as Prime Minister under Prince LEOPOLD." We shall
answer this doubt by assuring the writer, that he is
himself just as likely to become Prime Minister of the
New State as the Count. Is it for a moment to be
imagined, that a man who has held the reins of go-
vernment for more than two years, would descend to
the rank of a Minister, under a Prince appointed
by persons, towards whom CAPO D'ISTRIAS is well
known to entertain equal contempt and hatred ?
and above all, one whose elevation is disapproved of
by Russia ? That this is the case we do not entertain
the smallest doubt, if even the Cabinet of Saint Pe-
tersburgh should seem to approve, and the Prince pro-
ceeds to his alleged destination. Our conviction is, that
the Count will quit Greece long before the arrival of his
successor, and that every obstacle will be thrown in the
way of LEOPOLD'S accession. As we have repeatedly
said, it is much to be lamented that a distinguished mili-
tary leader, uniting, at the same time, political talents of
a high order, bad not been selected. Under such aus-
pices, Greece would soon rise into power and splendour.
As matters have been and continue to be managed, we
see nothing in the fortune of that unhappy country but
internal discord,and a fertile source of contention among
the Protocol makeA.

The Sunday Partisan of the Apostolicals of Spain and
Portugal, is sadly annoyed at the want of respect shown
to the Usurper, at the exposure of his degrading vices,
and especially at his being dmlkel Miyaa. So far as re-
gards the accounts given in the STA R—and we have said
more on the subject than any other Journal during the
period it has been devoted to the interests of freedom and
reform—we assure the partisan in question, that
so far from exaggerating the vices, ignorance,
and folly of MIOUEL, who shall never be dif-
ferently styled by us, we have greatly underrated them.
It is true—and we do not forget—that the usurper is a
branch of one of the most illustrious families in the world,
and that the throne he wishes to mount, is one of the most
ancient in Europe. Having admitted thus much, we
assert, and are ready to prove, that his frequent treasons,
perjuries, and usurpation, have deprived hint of every title
to respect and allegiance : and that, so far from the fact
of his being connected with the most illustrious family
in Europe affording any palliation to his iniquities, it
aggravates them an hundred fold. Had not Allot:Er.
been prone to vice, and the willing instrument of a cruel
faction, the recollection of a glorious ancestry would
at least have restrained him from setting all laws—human
and divine—at defiance, and plunging a whole people into
slavery and wretchedness. We cannot dismiss this
subject without expressing an anxious hope that those
Members of either House, who intend to bring forward
amendments to the Address, will not forget our policy
towards Portugal.

After the promises of many years, on the part of
Prince METTERNICH, Venice, fallen Venice, has been
declared a free port. We are enabled to state, that, as
in the case of Cadiz, nothing but the dread of seeing the
former Queen of the Mediterranean abandoned alto-
gether, and its magnificent palaces crumbled into dust,
would ever have led to this seeming act of liberality. It is
difficult to conceive any thing more calculated to excite
sympathy than the rapid decay of this once flourishing
and beautiful city, since it was handed over to Austria.
Our first visit to Venice took place in 1817, where we
had the high happiness of meeting the 'immortal and
lamented author of Childe Harold. Though she had
begun sensibly to feel the effects of political despotism
and commercial restriction, there was a great deal of
bustle and considerable appearance of wealth. Travellers
could amuse themselves, there being several theatres
open—and the soirees were numerous and elegant. The
emigration of the nobles had not then become general.
But how rapidly decay bad gone on in the following ten
years may be imagined, when we state, that during our se-
cond visit in 1827, there was not a single place of amuse-
ment in the whole City—only one English vessel in
the port, and not more than a dozen of other na-
tions—while nine tenths of the marble palaces, the
master-pieces of modern architecture, ware un-
tenanted, the cenotaphs of perished spleadonr.—Se.
