NAVAL REGULATION.

We have reason to believe that ;very extensive alteration is about to
be made with regard to the rank and emoluments of the Pursers or
the Navy. The plan may possibly receive some further modification
before it will be adopted, but we believe the following are the general
features of the proposed change s—All those Pursers who decline em-
ployment, or who have done so since the peace, to be superannuated at
their present half pay. Those who have served at least five years
during the late war, and who are now unfit for service, to be allowed to
retire on two shillings a day above their present half pay. The list
to be then re-modelled, and three classes to be homed, called
Commissary General, Commissary, and Deputy Commissary. Com-
missaries General, of which there will be but few to be at least
twenty years standing, and to have served at hint fifteen years as
Commissaries or Deputy Commissaries • these will be appointed to
lag ships only (with a Deputy Commissary under each). Their pay
to be 8001. per annum; half-pay, 10s. Bd. per diem. Commissarie
have served at least seven years in ships of the line, or tire years to
frigates. Their pay to be 5001. per annum for ships of the line. and
4001. for frigates ; half-pay 7s. per diem. Deputy Commissaries to
be appointed to ships of 28 guns and under, to have served as Com.
missaries Clerks at least three years. Their pay to be 2501. per annum
when in charge, and 2001. per annum in flag-ships sunder a Commis.
sary-General ; half-pay after three years' service as Deputy Commis-
sary, In. per diem, and 4 per diem for a less period. Commissariat
Clerks to assist and be under the controul of the Commissaries. Their
pay to be OW. per annum, two to be appointed to each flag-ship, or
ship of the line, and one to each frigate And smaller vessel. Cent.
missarlat Stewards to be appointed to all ships and vessels of every
description, to be first-class Petty Officers, and not subject to corporal
punishment, without being disrated, to be under the controul of tn.
Commissaries, or Deputy Commissaries in charge. Their pay to Ile,
401. per annum, and to be eligible to promotion.—Portemoulls Herta
_ _

OLD BAILEY SESSIONS.-(THIS DAY.)
NEW COURT.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant Dew MM.
. Ww. Hutchinson, a notorious thief, was indicted for stealing on:
gown, value 40s. two sheets, and various other articles, the property of
Elisabeth Herring.
The proserutrix, on ascending the witness-box, was asked if she was
a single woman ? She answered in the negative, and stated that her
husband had deserted her about six months, but was still living.
The Learned Judge then said, that the pior.riy was sworn to be that
of Elisabeth, while it belonged to John or Thomas Herring, and there-
!bre the prisoner must have the benefit of the informality. The prisoner
was accordingly acquitted, and once more let loose upon society. Th.
Learned Judge ordered, in consequence of the mistake, that to expti.Jes
should be allowed in this case.
Samuel Shirley, a private in the grenadier guards. was Indicted for
stealing 11. 10s. trom the till in the bar of the Referreation public.
house, in Long Acre, the mimic's of Robert Honeyball, the landlord.
The prisoner was billeted at the house, and on the morning of the 20th
of August, was seen by Mr. HoneybaU to go down stairs early in tit
morning and take the money.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that having to go on duty in the
King's guard of honor that day, he went down early, and discovered
that the bar was open, he went in, thinking that thieves had been in the
house, to see if any thing had been stolen.
The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty.
TEE NEw PoLics.—Parochial meetings hare been lately
held at Old and New Brantford, which are in different parishes, on i the
subject of the new police a force highly unpopular with the inhabitants
of those neighbourhoods. Not only its inefficiency, but the vast ex-
pense of the establiannient, has created great murmuring among t!.e
householders, who had previously all the protection they were desirous
of from a watchman in each town. These guardians of the night were
personally known to the residents, and were chosen by themselves fur
such duties; while the defenders they have palmed on them at present
are, for the most pert, Irishmen, and far less identified with the interests
of locality.
RESPECT 7011. AN OATII.—The Casticbar Teleyrupli
says--" Sir Francis Lynch Blosse is the only Magistrate we know of
who takes off his hat when administering the oath to the witch saes in
the Petit Sessions Court. Our Magistrates iivariably wear their hats,
when dispensing justice, which, we presume, they do to prevent their
taking cold."
CtltYncn PROPERTY.—At the Worcester musical festi-
val. the Bishop of Rochester preached a sermon, which has excited a peat
deal of attention. as indicating the fear late events have produced in the
minds of the dignitalits of the church. The Bishop addressed
the assembly on the subject of church property, and the
inalienable right which its ministers had to the enjoyment of
ha revenues in the same manner ea as they are now possessed.
He denounced that any attempt to equalise church-livings, or;to
change the distribution of its property in any way, would tie a sys-
tein of spatially* and robbery, and would lead to the forcible seizure
of all property, to suit the object of a party unfortunately gaining
ground in the present day, whose object was to produce a state of
anarchy. He appeared to consider that churchmen bad the same
right to their revenues entire as any other noblemen at the land, sad
held them by a tenet, men ancient than any of them all; and that
many of the public laboured under a delusion that the sheath was a
burden upon the country, when the feet was, that the of the
church was the accumulated bequests of private imdilitring a
eitz
series of ages—and that if the imam from the remnant of
that property was to some to be ovally k would yield
little mom than OIL aloe so each ill* inlaid
have the Jut at paaptabiag ohs whole body. in this rite.
Z:is
meet, he kepi sat at view that pygmy was left by the of our an.
cestors as a psielsion tor the angport of the Chin* sal k for the
religious hinniction otazihrte jos, and net *be WlENplailli aim in.
divided& Ho des to state, that ea mama the cite.
gynsan seas anis& Ragland enjoy lIIML a year, sail that the pre.
sent system mishits swo Smith to posh= Os very Ant which ha
welts an aqualkaden woad poodese..dun of paspodis the whole
body of siallymis.

1

cl

11*

• • •

,• RIOGRAPIIIAC4I. WK 1 TCli OF GENERAL MINA.
s'4-- •
AA' the present sion?ttx when the Government of Spain is likely
!, , undergo some yeti. traordinary change in, its Constitutional
„.,„001!'cy, Abet the recent:events in Paris, and the formation of a corps
'oethe patriotic emigrants of that ill.fatcd country, who were obliged to

!if in Fe'gland And Trance, in consequence of the blood-thirsty tyranny
of Ferdinand VII. and hic higoued advisers and priests, now being on
ire: point of crossing the Pyrenees to attempt once more to hoist the flag
of liberty in the en.laved Peninsula, a short biography of the brave
Guerilla Chief who led her troops to the field, may not be uninteresting
to our readers.

Don Francisco Espoz y Mina, one of the most distinguished of the
Spanish patriots. and who is considered as the Lavalette of Spain, is a
native of Navarre. and was horn in 1782, at the delightful village of
Yilorin, about two miles from Pampeluna. By some he has been ills.
T y reprtsented as the son of a mere peasant, a circumstance which,
:•:u., would only enhance his merit; but he is, in fact, of a family of
..,...se c'rtsequence. During the war against the French, his nephew,
Sevier Mina, then a Student at the University of Saragoesa, raised
.. Guerilla corps, with which he performed several spirited exploits•.
Xat .er being taken prisoner in March, 1810, the command of the corps
was transferred to Francisco, who soon rendered his name the tenor of
tin Fcench. Brave, active, indefatigable, full of resources, and pos.
stssed of an admirable presence of mind—one of the first requisites for a
soldier—he incessantly harassed, and wore down the strength of the
enemy, not only in Navarre, but in the neighbouring provinces of
Alava and Arragon. Such was the rapidity of his movements,
that nothing could escape him—not a convoy, not a detachment
of the French could move from one place to another, that he did
not rush upon it, and in almost every instance he was successful. The
loss which the French sustained by this kind of warfare was incalcula-
ble, while his was trifling, as the accuracy of the intelligence which he
received prevented him from being ever surprised ; and when be was far
out-numbered, his troops disbanded by signal, and re-united again in a
few hours, and resumed offensive operations. It was in vain that, re-
solving to exterminate his brave corps, the enemy poured 23,000 men
into Navarre—he not only stood his ground, but eventually remained
master of the province ; he was, in fact, often denominated El Rey de
Navarra (the Ring of Navarre.) In 1811, the Regency gave him the
rank of Colonel, in 1812 that of Brigadier-General, and soon after that
of GeneraL His force in 1813 consisted of 11,000 infantry and 2,500
cavalry, and with this he co-operated in the blockade of Pampeluna, and
recovered Saragossa, Mormon, Tafalla, Jaca, and various other places.
When the peace was concluded, he was besieging St. Jean Pted de
Port. After having put his division into quarters, he went to Madrid,
and had the mortification to find that he had been labouring only for the
re-establishment of despotism. Disgusted with the conduct of Ferdi-
nand the Seventh, and having fruitlessly remonstrated with him, he en-
deavoured to persuade the other Spanish Generals in the capital to
join with him, and made an effort in the cause of freedom;
but his efforts were rendered abortive by the baneful influence
of the priesthood. Mina then hastened to Navarre, with the in.
tendon of putting himself at the head of his division; but he found
that the new Captain-General had dismissed the troops that com.
posed it. He, however, gained over the garrison of Pampeluna, and
was on the point of proclaiming the (Constitution, and doing away with
the abominable Inquisition, when his plan was frustrated by the pusil.
lanimity of some of the officers. He had now no resource but to seek
an asylum in France, and he reached Paris in safety. While he was in
Pans he was arrested by a commissary of police, whom the Spanish
Ambassador, Count de Casa Flores, had persuaded, or, more probably,
bribed to commit this act of insolence and injustice. On this occasion
Louis XVII I. behaved in a manner which was highly honourable to
him. He turned the commissary out of his situation, insisted on the
Ambassador being recalled, and not only released Mina, but granted
him a pension of 6,000 francs. The Spanish patriot was not ungrate-
ful ; he refused to have any Intercourse whatever *with Napoleon, quit-
ted France, and joined Louis at Ghent, and returned with him (after
the memorable battle of Waterloo, and the abdication of Napoleon) to
Paris. Till the army of Cadiz raised the standard of freedom, he con-
tinued to live very privately in France; but as soon as that event took
place he hurried back to Navarre, collected a few hundred of his fol-
lowers, issued a proclamation calling on the rest to join him, and was
advancing towards Pampeluna, when a deputation was sent to him
by the inhabitants to inform him that the city had accepted the
constitution.
After Ferdinand had submitted to the new order of things, Mina was
appointed Captain-General of Navarre. His high military talents
were, however, soon required in the field. A few fanatics, and lovers
of despotism, having succeeded in exciting a formidable insurrection In
Catalonia, Mina was entrusted with the command of the army destined
to act against them. The rugged and mountainous nature of the coun.
try in which he had to act, the weakness of his own army, and the
strength of the rebels, rendered his operations seemingly tardy at the
outset, and the Ultra-Royalists began to manifest the utmost confidence
and exultation. But they soon discovered that they bad wofully mis-
calculated. Mina was too prudent to commit any thing to chance
when a repulse might have been productive of disastrous conse-
quences ; but as soon as he had fully prepared every thing for the
conflict, he attacked the band of traitors with his wonted im-
petuosity and valour, routed them in several encounters, and
drove them before him, in the utmost confusion, over the
Pyrennean frontier into the French province of Roussillon. These vic-
tories have increased his well-eamed fame throughout Europe. He is
regarded as the most experienced Spanish General, and as the sheet-an.
elior of the Constitutional cause, the dread of Ferdinand, and of all the
Priests. When the cry of liberty once more proclaimed itself in 1823,
Mina was one of the first to lead the Constitutional troops; he took up
his position in Catalonia, and harassed the French in every direction.
A large reward was offered by the Deseamirados for him, either dead
•r alive; but he proved himself too good a tactician for the Servile.,
and fortified himself in Barcelona, where, after a long siege, be capitu-
lated to the French, on condition that he and his comrades in aims
should enjoy all the honours of war, and be allowed to leave for England.
The capitulation was agreed to, and Mina sailed for Liverpool, w
he was received in the most enthusiastic manner by the inhabitants;
from thence he came to London, and took up his residence in Black-
heath ; there he led a very retired life till the recent events in France.
Considering the present crisis a favourable one to deliver his country
from slavery, he left London a few weeks ago, in company with General
Quiroga and a few other defenders of their country's cause, for Paris,
and from thence he is gone to Bayonne, where he intends forming a plan
for once more restoring liberty to his native land. From such a man
the greatest enterprise may be expected, especially as now there are no
French troops to impede his undertaking.
• Don Xavier Mina was released at the conclusion of peace. Some
time after he came over to this country, and formed an expedition,
which sailed to the Gulf of Mexico, to deliver America nom the
yoke of Spain. He was taken by the Spaniards, and inhumanely
shot.

COURT OF REQUESTS.
