doubt whether the country is not put to more expense I
by them than it is benefitted.—(Loud cries of " Shame,
shame.") It was so, and must be so as the house was
now constituted ; for, if men spoke with the tongues of
angels, they could not persuade those who were living at
the expense of the public to give up their places. The
labours of Mr. Name must, however, eventually do good.
Every other consideration was secondary to a reform in
the House of Commons. Without that there would be
no reform in the law—there would be no reduction of
expenditure. The character of the country with its fo-
reign relations never would be again raised from the de-
gradation to which it had sunk, and without it no honest
Government could be carried on.—(Hear, hear.) If any
thought otherwise, they deceived themselves. Mr. Pitt
said, more than forty years since, that no honest Mi-
nistry could exist, unless there were a reform in Parlia-
ment.—l am also convinced of the truth of that, and
therefore hope that all the energies of the country will be
concentrated to that one point. The Hon. Member for
Clare meant to bring forward a motion on that subject
in a few days ; it shall have my hearty support ;
but lam certain it will be rejected by the House. Ido
wish (said Sir Francis) that every man who breathes the
air of England could hold up his hand and say, I am in
possession of my civil rights ; for I would rather be a
poor man in a free country, than a rich one in a land of
slavery.—(Applause.)—l hope the spirit that has mani-
fested itself at Birmingham will extend, until the House
of Commons are compelled to do something to relieve
the country.--(Cheers.)—l think the Union established
in that great and populous town calculated to unite all
the reformers of England, Ireland, and Scotland, in one
common cause ; and if the reformers were to unite, the
gigantic measure of the member for Clare would be lis-
tened to with attention. Gentlemen, when I talk about
reform, I am like St. Paul, " all thing,s to all men."—
(Hear.)—l know that I have said, that I was tired of,
dipping buckets into empty wells, and weary in drawing
them up empty. But yet Ido hope that I shall yet live
to see a full, free, and fair representation of the people in
Parliament."

Mr. MON cx, in a brief and pointed speech, proposed
the health of Mr. Hobhouse, whom he eulogized as a
friend of science,—an enemy of oppression,—an advocate
of the people,—a strenuous reformer of existing abuses,
and, to sum up all in a few words, a man worthy to be the
colleague of Sir F. Burdett. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. HOBHOUSE expressed himself obliged to his con-
stituents for the exceedingly kind manner in which they
had received his name. He could only say, that as far
as his humble capacity went, he had done his best to de-
serve their kindness. (Cheers.) It was true, that at
these meetings lie appeared under circumstances of great
disadvantage ; for he could only hope to obtain a small
portion of their applause, after that which they were cer-
tain to bestow, for it was well merited, on his hon. friend,
their proved, and long-tried, and faithful representative.
(Cheers.) Yet all this he was willing to undergo for the
great benefit which he had derived from being the col-
league of that illustrious and inestimable man. (Cheers.)
It was gratifying not only to his hon. colleague, but also
to himself, to see the Marquis of Blandford, bringing
forward the question of reform with all the advan-
tages of his high rank and historic name. That
noble lord had been invited to join them at their
present anniversary. He (Mr. Hobhouse) was sorry
that he had not come amongst them, for sure he
was that the electors of Westminster would have
been glad to see him. However they might differ
from the noble Marquis on some points, he was
sure that they all felt that the cause of reform was
too important a cause to be lost for petty differences. The
efforts of the Noble Marquis would have been hailed in
that room with all the enthusiasm which they deserved.
Mr. O'Commeu., in giving the toast of " Civil and
Religious Liberty all over the World," made a long
speech upon the advantages likely to accrue from reli-
gious freedom and Parliamentary reform. Before he
came to the conclusion of it, Sir F. Burdett fainted
away. The hon. gentleman on observing it, offered to
stop: but Sir F. Burdett, who had partially recovered,
requested him to proceed, and Mr. O'Connell proceeded
accordingly; but our limits prevent a report.
Mr. S. CULLEN, in proposing a speedy and effectual
reform of the law, took occasion to attack his own pro-
fession, in which, he said, it would be difficult to find 100
honest men. The law was a mountainous mass of op-
pression, which the cleverest men could not understand.
So notorious was this fact, that Lord Erskine was always
spoken of as no lawyer : so, too, with regard to Mr.
Brougham, who, with all his valuable qualifications, was
always spoken fin the profession as no lawyer. What
he wanted was, the restoration of the constitution.
Mr. lioanousz then gave the health of " Mr. A.
DAWSON," as he was retiring from the room.
Mr. A. DAWSON briefly and neatly returned thanks.
Mr. O'CoN Nem. returning thanks for the same
honour done to him.

The company WAS scanty for a purity of election dinner.
The uncertain state of the king's health was stated to be
the cause of this thin attendance.

THE EVENING STAR.

LON DON.

TUESDAY. MAY 25.

THE KING.

" WINDSOR CASTLE, MAT 28, 1830.

"The XI NG passed yesterday very uncomfortably;
but 1.1,1 NI A lESTY has had a good night's sleep, and feels
I.iniself better this morning."

(Signed)

K HENRY HAMAD.

46 MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

The LORD CHANCELLOR, the CHANCELLOR of the
I:‘llluivEit, Sir ROBERT PEEL, and some other Ca-
binet Ministers, had a long interview with the Duke of
%Lust:Tow, this day, at his Grace's Office in
Downing-street. The object of this meeting is said to
relate to the resignation of Prince LEOPOLD.
It is rumoured among the political circles at the West
End of the town, that this event has given the greatest
flissatisfactiun to government.

The long expected Papers relative to Greece, were
laid before both Houses of Parliament last night, when
the resignation of Prince LEOPOLD, for which we pre-
Pared our readers on Saturday, was fully confirmed. We
Loden ourselves greltly at a loss how to express our
feelings on this occaaiou. Deeply interested for the fate

-
.1%
0,7
sv,
d
• Puono S
