CAUTION.

TAYLOR and Co. (successors to *Adam and Co.)
beg to Caution the Public against the use of any Paints pur-
porting to be MINER A f. PAINTS which are not supplied from
their Manufactory, or furnished by their appointed Agents, as many
persons are imposing upon the Public the refuse of the Gas Works
(which has been proved by the highest authorities to be most inju-
rious, particularly as a covering for wood work) by pirating the
' name of their Paints, which have for upwards of twenty years (not-
' withstanding the great and open competition) received such extended
patronage from Government, who still continue to use it, and the
following Certificates, granted by the highly distinguished Officers
in his Majesty's service, will fully prove its durability and economy,
notwithstanding the apparent cheapness of these spurious and inetfi
dent imitations. The ingredients these Paints are composed of are
Manufactured at the Works erected and conducted under the late
Earl of Dundonald's Patent, to which no other house has access.
The Mineral Paints are a cheap and durable coating for all out-
door work, such as Wooden, Iron, and Canvas Roofs, Sheds, Barn,
Out-houses, Fences, Palings, Gates, Boat and Barge bottoms, Ships'
sides and upper works, Wood and Iron Bridges, Docks, Chain
Cables, and all Wood and Iron Work under water, or exposed to the
weather; for Tiles on Roofs, to prevent them imbibing water and
being injured by frost ; and for coating Brick walls to prevent damps.
No wood coated with these Paints will be worm-eaten, nor will
insects or vermin of any kind inhabit hot-bed frames, or other
places, coated with them, and they will be found•an effectual cure
for the dry rot; being composed entirely of Mineral substances they
. are insoluble in water, and thereby resist moisture in a manner su-
perior to all other preparations.
PRICE, READY FOR USE.

Mineral Green Paint . . 3d. per lb.
Mineral Brown Paint . . 214. per lb.
Miura' Black Paint . .2 d. per lb.
Manufactured and Sold by Taylor and Co. (successor; to 11114 Adam
and Company), Mineral and Chemical Colour Manufacturers,
Willow Wharf, 87, Bankside, London, and of their Agents in most
Provincial Towns.
Government Certificates of the cheapness and durability of
Messrs. Taylor and Co.'s Mineral Brown Paint, granted to Messrs.
lil'Adam and Co.

0, Barrack Office, March 14, 1814.

. ,
" We hereby certify, that the Wooden Barracks in Grcat Britain
have been, for several years past, covered with Messrs. M' Adam
and Co.'s Mineral Brown Paint, for the preservation of the wea-
ther boarding, and it has fully answered the purpose for which it
was applied.
(Signed)

"JOHN SANDERS, Architect.
" THOMAS JEANS, Architect."
" Tie above Certificate made by order of the Commissioners for
the Allfeirs. :Barracks. " JOHN STAPLETON, Sec."
Plymouth Lines, May 26, 1807.
" This is to certify, that by order of General Mercer, at chi
desire of Ifieseira. M•Adam and Co. we made experiments with
their preparations of Mineral Brown Paint in April and Sep-
tember, 1806. The situation of the wood and iron work made use
,oLin this experiment is very high, and entirely exposed to the
wind from the Channel, where it is difficult to, find any coating
able to resist the weather. The paint, after having withstood the
winter in.the above situation, has formed a very hard and com-
pact body on both wood and iron work ; the wood when cut is
,bard and very dry ; the iron free from every appearance of rust.—
' From the present appearance of the Mineral Brown Paint, its
hard, solid, and impenetrable state, there is every reason to believe
that it will defend the wood and iron work for years against the
'effect of weather and the moisture of the atmosphere; and we give
it as our opinion, that it is a useful coating for wood and iron
work exposed to the weather or to damp, and consider it to be
cheaper toms any otherilsat can be procured.
" Certified by HENRY SIMMONS. Overseersof the Works.
" JOHN PHILLIPS,
" ROBERT WAKEMAN, Serj. Maj. Master Carpenter.
"JAMES MOIR, Serj. Master Smith,- R.lArtificers."
" Plymouth Lines. Moy /43, 007.
" I confirm the above certificate or statement.
" ALEXANDER: MERCER,
41. Lieutenant*Gerieral Commaading lioyaltEngineers."
" Royal. Engineers Office, Plymouth, Dock,..,May .9, .1815.
" We hereby certify, that 'Messrs.. APAdaps,and Co.'s Mineral
and Brown Paint has Fontinued in general use in thii'Department,
for all kinds of fences, since the date of
,the above certificate of
May 26, 1807,.tbat it,hasalsnlatterly been, used on sentry boxes,
travelling magaglpesolae,arm racks, ca,rtsi and other, wood work
exposed to the weather, with every probability of success;
therefore, after. tiewsly bight, icy,' additional ,experience, have ~no
cojifteMipttkakeerßficate, as to the ge
r neral good qua-
lities.of:tbe optia•ipseelion,.fOr the. preservation of wood and
if9a v!grk• x• , "*BEN. /010S,'Clerk of-Works, '
SitilittrAH,Ovenieer."
".13.0yal F neineetsoVffice,:Portsmouth, May 15, 1845. •
"-Wei.herejix perlify, Altai gineral. Brown Taint, prepare
andsrald. Nes.-4s, IM'4.4spt.anct Co. has betn used in the Ord:
nance',Denartment,at, this .stui9k Sur three, Tears; for pyrposei
sipular to those lieforetnefitionell • and •we are -of opinion that it
bas fully.ornrwrestePthe rwposee.for Which. it was applied.
• " 90#1441/1615,A.ftlif bieutt•Col, ltaingineerititContmending.
a G. BUCHRNAiNteeptairi Royal dkigimers.
"JACOB OWENV'ClerteiofoWieks.
"JOHN OWpfiAseiatent Cierk ofiWorks. •
" Messrs'. IVPAdarmand Ciaw
inuumereble certificatesmey be seenatpon application.
i•Prt. ent bright' Oretbs,- getieine•Alilite land, 'Vanishes;
~and Coloers, drrldtt

,i

rAWLIAAr EN I'AR Y PROCEKUMuS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY 16.

The Earl of MALIiIESBURY presented Petitions from the
Tradesmen of Bradford, in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill.—
Laid on the table.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a Petition from Stock-
port, and from the Chamber of Commerce of Manchester, against
the MlL—Laid on the table.

Lord COLCHESTER presented a Petition from the Borough
of Malden in favour of the BlM—Laid on the table.

The Marquis or DOWNSIIIRE presented similar Petitions
from Bermondsey, and front the Alerchants and Traders of Dublin.
Laid on the tablt.

Mr. Hues presented further Return,: from the Equitable Loan
Bank Company, pursuant to the order of the House.—Laid on
the table.
Petitions against the Catholic Claims were presented—By Lord
Kirov:or, from a Parish in the County of Salop, and front the Town
and Borough of Taunton' in the County of Somerset ; by the Loan
Cum:cm:Ara, from Maiden, Edinron, Gloucester, and three
.Parishes in the County of Sussex; by the Earl of FAIRMONT, from
Brighton, signed by 500 individuals in three hours ; by Lewd An-
sat, front Peterborough ; by Earl 0' New., from a Parish in the
County of Cork ; by the Duke of Bzeuroler, from Bristol, and
from the Parish of St. Stephen's, in the 'tante city.; by the Arch-
bishop of CANTERBURY' from Croydon ; by the Earl of ABIN9OOII,
from Abingdon; by Lord Denoting, from several Parishes in she
County of Carmarthen ; by the Duke of RIMAND, from five
Parishes in the County of Suffolk, and from the Town and Borough
of Leicester; by the Bishop of Basil and Wett.s, from the Clergy
of an Archdeaconry in Wiltshire, and from the Town of Frame and
its vicinity; by the Bishop of Lotions, front the Parish of St. Mary's
Botolph; by the Bishop of CHITiTISR, from several Parishes in the
County of Lancaster ; by the Bishop of Prressoeouon, front the -
Town of Peterborough, and from Kilsby, in the Counts of North-
ampton; by the Bishop of ilitearoan, from the Towns of Lewes,
New Shoreham' ' and Ryde in the County of Sussex; by the Bishop
of• Sr. Darn's, from several Deaneries and Parishes in the Diocese
of St. David's; by the Earl of Simmons?, from the Protestant
Dissenters of Gower-street Chapel, and from Hemel Hempsted ;
by the Bishop of Li:comet front several Deaneries and Parishes in
the Diocese of Lincoln. The Right Rev. Prelate then stated that
he had had the honour of presenting a great number of Petitions
against the Catholic Claims, though his Diocese was one of the most
extensive, and a Noble Lord opposite had contended a few days
.since that most Petitions came front the small Dioceses and few
front the large ones. He declared that he had never,directly or in-
directly, used his influence to obtain any of those Petitions; for he
did not think it becoming in a person who should have to decide on
a question, to seek to procure Petitions on the subject. When
asked by individuals whether they ought to petition? he had an.
swered, that if they thought it necessary, be should consider it his
duty to present the Petitions which they might send him, .but that
he never would do anything which would have the tendency to ask
fur Petitions.
The Earl of DERBY had been entrusted with a Pe-
-66. n from the Inhabitants of Manchester, signed by
16,578 individuals, in favour of Catholic Enaancipa-
• ion. This Petition had been adopted at a Public Meet.
ing regularly convened by the Boroughreeve, and w.r.
.igne.i by him and the most respectable inhabitants.
Had it been left before the Public more than one week, the num-
ber of signatures which it bore would have been trebled. As it was,
it spoke the sense of the great majority of the people of that town
and its vicinity.
The Bishop of CHESTER, said, that he should have
a Petition to present from the sane town to-mot row,
against the Catholic Claims, signed by nearly 40,( 00
pet sons. With respect to that now offered by the Noble
Earl, he had been put into possession of some facts
which he should state to their Lordships. He under-
stood that when the Public Meetilg had been convened,
the room had been filled at an early hour by an equal

numbers of friends and opponents to Catholic Emanci-
pation, and that after much discussion the question had
been put to adjourn sine die, which bad been carried by
a spew of hands. The opponents of the Catholic Claims
considering that the question was settled, had retired
from the room, but had no sooner left it, that% a rush of
the lowest class of Irish labourers had taken place and
once more filled the room. A Petition in favour of the
Catholic Claims, had then been proposed and of course
carried, and out of 16,000 names affixed to it, he had
no doubt that 10 or 12,000 were those of the lowest
Irish labourers. Indeed, when the Petition which he
should have to present had been prepared in consequence
of these proceedings, some of those Irish labourers went
to the places where it lay and scored away many of the names, or
put crosses in the hope of creating objections to its being received.—
This, however, had been discovered in time, and the injured sheets
had bee' removed, so as to reduce the number of names to 38,000.
After hearing these facts stated. could their Lordships believe that
the Petition presented by the Noble Earl expressed the sense of the
majority of the inhabitants of Manchester? So far from that being
the case, it would be seen that the first names inscribed on the Pe.
tition after that of the Boroughteeve, were the names of Irish In,
bourers of the lowest class.
The Earl o DERBY denied the correctness of'
the statement of the Reverend Prelate. With re-
spect to the latter part of it, he had certainly been
misinformed, for the names which followed that of the
Boroughreeve were those of Mr. Birley, a Gentleman of
property, and the Commander of .a volunteer corps,
who led on the Yeomanry on the 16th of August, and
those of other respectable Gentlemen.. He. therefore
maintained his opinion, that the Petition which he had
ptesecited spoke the sentiments of a great majority of
the inhabitants of Manchester, and he trusted that such Petitions
would induce their Lordships to adopt a Bill which was not less
necessary to the tranquillity of Ireland than to the prosperity of the
whole empire.
After a few words.from the Earl of Luiteasce, Viscount CLI7DIN,
and the Bishop of Cussesa, the Petition was laid on the table.
The Earl of DERBY then presented a Petition from the Uni-
tariane of Liverpool, in favour of the Catholic Claims.—Laid on

the table.
Earl Dus'.i' ,presented a Petition from the Inhabitants of
the town of Gravesend and its vicinity, signed by 5,000 individuals;
in favour of the Catholic Claims.—Lord HOLLAND presented a similar
Petition from Leighton Buzzard, in the county of Bedford.—Lord
K►xo presented a Petition to .the same effrct, front the Unitarians
of Nibitchurch, Ja the county of Wilts.—The Earl of Gosmao pre-
sented a Petition for relief from the Roman Catholics of a Parish
Fin the County of Dublia—Laid on the table.

LONDON PSTITION.

The islasquis of LANBDOWN held a Petition,
which, though signed by something short of two hun-
dred names represented property to
.the amount of
between, twenty. and thirty mations. sterling. It was
from the principal. Mercha.,lts, Bankers, and Bank Di-,
rectors of .the City of London, ,who, were deeply in-
terested in the question, and.were deliberately cf opi-
nion ,that c4pital,was withheld, from:going to Ireland
by the refusal of the Legislature to renacky e. tlse, disibili-
ties under. whicli,the Ca.holics laboumd. They,,fherer
fore, prayed, their Lordships to, endeayour to release
the capital of this country. and to place. the Catholics•
iollrelapil on a lootOts of .quality, Which would make them unite
with the rest of the population of the :empire in that good tinder-
standing which was • the foundation of all security, of OA go-
itment, and bf .genital. prosperity. If. any Noble Lords had
any floobt,of the immense,amoism of. capital and influents .which
this, Pelvithnt trptimigeti. ItgienMgcli OOM to look 4,01 r
..sw
by Which it was signed when it should.lio on the table.
• •

I

. .
The Petition having been read at length and lam oil
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN presentod other Petitions in
favour of the Bill of Emancipation, from the Unitarians of
dtse-street Chapel, Liverpool; from the Rev. —.6— Ilatiehiy,
Rector of Hulywell ; and from the Catholic inhabitants of Liken-
' mere, in the county of Kerry.
His Lordship then stated that the Petition which he had pre-
sented last week from the Parish of St. Luke's, in favour of the
Catholic Claims, was not signed by the Rector, as he h:id been
led to suppose In consequence of a Card left with it bong inset ib.-d
Dr. Jones, Rectory House; bat by the Resident Curate of the Parish.

NEW BILLS.
Mr. Bananas and others front the Commons bmught the
Chelsea Pensioners Regulation Bill, the Ireland Impounding Di.-
tress Bill, the Warehousing Corn Bill, and a great number of Pri. '
vate Bills, which were read a first time.
Mr. Mavusa and Mr. TRAVERS, from the East Country Dock,
and the Grand Surrey Canal, presented accounts of the nuintivr of
ships ind'thelr tonnage, which entered that Deck and Camil in
Itl34.—Laid on the table.

Mr. 'Alison presented Accounts of the Annual Ilevrnue and
Charges of the Bart India Company.—Laid on the [A) Adjourned..

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The &MAKER took the Chair At Four o'Clock.

Mr. WHITBILEAD brought up the Report of the Committee
on the Remington Road Bill.
,Mr. B. SUMNER objected•to the Bill, because it gave an un-'
just protection to certain property through which it pa4:ed,
also on the (mind of its partial opetation.—Recontm:t ed.
Mr. J. MA* WELL moved the third reading ef the Retr
frewshire Road Bill, which was read a third time and {aced.
Mr. LYN DSAY presented a Petition• front the CAainber of
Commerce of Dundee,• against the Clyde Navigation
141, the table.—Several Reports on Private Bills were bruught up,
Apd laid on the table.

WEST INDIA COMPANY BILL.
Mr. MANNING moved the Order of the Day for the third
reading of this Bill.

Mr.EVANS opposed the third reading, on the ground of its
tendency to placr.the slave population in the West India in a
worse condition than they were at present.
Mr. T. WILSON denied that such would be the ef-
fect of the Bill. On the contrary, by the inereAsed
capital that would be embarked in West India property,'
the condition of the slave would ls• improved considerably, for
there would exist greater means of relieving his wants, preserving
kiln from starvatien,and in every respect contributing to his comfort.
Dr. LUSHINGTON was opposed to the present Bill;
:from.the way in which it must, necessarily operate with
respect to the slave population of the West Indies. By
its operation the plantations would, in a great degree,
become vested in this Company, instead of in the
hands of individuals, and it would consequently be
productive of all the evils which were entailed upon the slaves,
by having the concerns of the West India Estates conducted
not by proprietors themselves, but by agents. The passing of
the Bill would also he opposed to the Resolutions of 1825. As
the establishment of this Company was calculated to check manu-
mission, and thereby to continue the present system of slavery
lin the West Indies, he felt it his duty to oppose the third reading.
Mr. HUME would suppose, from the spe.ch of
Hon. and Learned Friend, that the proprietors of the
West Indian Estates resided on their estates. Now, it was well
knoivn that it was no such thing—(llear, hear). As to maiturni...
don, he thought the slaves would have a better chance of being ma •
sumitted under a Company than under individuals; he would
therefore support the present Bill.
Sir I. COFFIN—Sir, I ,thick this a very good Bill; and I
hope it will pass.
Mr. SYKES said there were three prominent objec-
tions to this Bill: first, the difficulty of manumission;
secondly, that it would have the effect of continuing the present
system of slavery in the West Indies, by enlisting 40,000 additional
enemies to the liberation of the slaves; and thirdly, that the price
of West India produce would be augmented by the establishment
of this Company.
Mr. R. GORDON said, that the oily object of the
Bill was to enable pi oprietors to borrow money-from a
Company instead of from individuals. lie quite differed from the
Honourable Member for Hull (Mr. Sykes) that this measure
would deteriorate—it was his (Mr. Gordon's) conviction it would
ameliorate the condition of the slave, as far as the condition of the
slave would be affected by it.
Sir J. YORKE did nut pretend to understand much t f Went
India property ; but he could not understand how the mortgages
of West India property would be in a better condition by the pass-
ing of this Bill than they were before.
Mr. F. BUXTON admitted that the reduction in the
value of slave labour had been greatly seduced, and
that that reduction was greatly owing to the frequent
agitation of the'slave question in that House. He ad-
mitted both these facts, but he owned he did not regret
them. It had been said, in favour of this measure, that
it would serve the Colonies by increaing the number
of those who would take an interest in it. He would
admit that there might be a-greater number of persons
connected with it, but he was not prepared to admit
the inference of advantage derivable from it. The in-
terests of the West India Colonies were already, fully
represented in that House. Mr. 'Fox 'had forrnedy
said that there was no part of the Empire that might be
said to be more fully represented than our West India
Colonies ; and he saw it mentioned in a Jamaica Ga.
zette lately, that on any question tile Planters could
command in that House a phalanx of two, hundred Members-,
(Hear, dear).—He regretted that phalanx posserod such power es
he saw it invariably exercised, not in a display of its pure strength,
but in oppoiltion to every measure of humanity and justiee for the
relief of the Slave population. So far from relief to the slave pops&.
lotion, he apprehended great and augmented evil by haying prof
prietors of four millions of money intereated to that very, large
amount, in continuing the present system of slavery in our
_West
India Colonies.
Mr. WILMOT-HORTON was induced to support
the present Bill, as from tl;e manner in which its capital
would be employed, it would tend to the relief tit the
slave populati..n as far as they would be affected by it.
The Company only sought for leave to sue and' to be
sued, as in the case of individuals. This sews not
arming them with any alarming powl.r : it would en.
able them to relieve many of the distresses now com-
plained of as a great evil. The planters would, by tint
Bill, be enabled to relieve them.elves horn temporary
distress at a greater advantage than they now could;
and they who were so anxious to relieve the sufferings
of the slave population sLculd remember that Mr.
Wilberforce, in arguing this question in 17/19,contelided
that the comfort of the slave should alwiys be tooeamitant With
and in proportion to the welfare of his mason.. .Ole contemplated
mach advantage fkorn•the putting of the present measure, and de-
nied that there was anything in the eriociple or details of the' Bill at
variance with the resolutions of 1883, as contended for by the lion.
.
and Learned Member. _
Mr. BROUGHAM had a most deci2ed objection to
this. Bill, which no alteration in the deteiti, would rot.
move. The Bill was unattended -vial a single guard.
The measure went to affect the comforts of all the
Negroes in the West Indies; and went to exasperate alt
the evils of Negro Slavery. The security of the. Slave
for mild treatment Was from the charatter'eflis aiastetr
on the spot. but if that master was at the tl stance elf
3,000 miler, the Slave had only to Worts, an intereststi
Aleut.- The absence of the master weOl
'cause Ihe bad treatteetarektbilr
ITO' "I

_.,A 111 esy s assigned •
o Stave ; mad by

'~-
_-

.

~°~'-~e
