COUNTRY BANKS.

Mr. GRENFELL presented a Petition from certain iudivi_
duals, complaining of the measures proposed to he adopted, a
continuing to the• Bank of England its monopoly for a space cf
sixty-five miles round London. The Petitioners complained of
this as a partial measure. The Petitioners prayed tither that no
extension of the Charter should take place, or, if it did, that those
who lived within a certain district should be admitted to a par-
ticipation of the advantages which were to be given to the other
parts of the kingdom. The lion. Member s.ud he should, when-
ever the question was brought forward, take the earliest oppor-
tunity of opposing any extension of the present Charter. He had
felt persuaded that after the experience of the last twenty-five
years. during which the Bank had made a profit on the Piet:
of not less than twenty-five millions sterling, the Government
would not, under any circumstances, have proposed a renewal of
the monopoly now enjoyed by that body.
Mr. MANNING defended the conduct of the Bank of Eng.
land, and contended that the profits made by the Bunk Proprie.
tors had not equalled those made by a certain Company, in
which he as well as the Hon. Member were Stockholders; he
meant the Royal Exchange Maumee Company,during the war.
He had received an increase of capital of X5O per cent. at the
same time that the Company had raised their dividends from six
to ten pee cent.
Mr. s• REN DERG AST was of opinion that the arrangement
contemplated would act unfairly to the prejudice of individuals,
without procuring an adequate benefit fur the Public.
The blarquis of LONDONDERRY thought the lion. Mem-
ber who brought up the Petition had travelled into a field much
wider than the question warranted, for the purpose of attacking
the Bank. So pointed was that attack, that his lion. Friuld
could not well suffer it to pass without notice. lie, however,
had no wish now to become a mediator between the partks,but
would merely suggest that this was not the period for cafryiil
the present discussion on further.
Mr. RICARDO thought the Public had made improvident
bargains with the Bank on most occasions. He declared his
determination to oppose any extension of the monopoly which
the Bank at present enjoyed.
Mr. PEARSE defended the Bank, and denied that they bad
any monopoly beyond what other banks had in proportion.
Mr. MONCK supported the prayer of the Petition. He con-
demned the Bank for the bargains it had made with the Public.
Government had to.en charged with making improvident bar-
gains ; but Gentlemen who so charged them forgot. the situation
in which the parties stood. Government was a young spend-
thrift, and the Bank a money-lender. The Bank made the terms,
the Government were bound to. accept them, and thank the
lender for his moderation.

Sr C. BURAELL supported the arguments of the Petition.
The Petition was then read and received, and, after a few
words from Mr. Gazitrzaa, ordered to be printed.

POOR LAND.

Mr. SCARLRTT, in rising to moye the second reading of
the Bill for preventing the Removal of the Poor, expressed his
regret that he had no opportunity when he introduced the Bill
of stating the grounds upon which he rested it. He intended it
as one of a series of measures which would chiefly depend upo:t
the success of this. And he was convinced, therefore, that it the
other measures had been stated, those who now considered their
interests to be In danger of injury from this Bill,would, however,
have entertained a very different opinion. He saw no reason to
alter the grounds upon which he rested the question last year,
and they were these, that the existing law imposed au unjust re-
straint upon the circulation of labour; that unlimited relief was
granted to the poor; and that such relief was intliscri 11l i l lately
applied. These were the effects of the law, and it was his
object to remove them. The numerous projects which had
been entertained at various periods for remedying these defects,
proved the necessity of something being done. Some of these
projects had been adopted, and at first acted as palliatives
upon the system. But their good was soon worn out by the
pernicious nature of the principle upon which the laws were
founded. The Honourable and Learned Gentleman then re-
marked upon the difficulty of bringing all the three heads of the
subject into one discussion, and stated that he should restrict
himself to the last, although nothing had occurred to change his
opinion that all three measures were absolutely necessary.—
He should also state, that if the present measure were adopted
and not followed up by the two others, he should not consider
his object to be effected. As the Poor were not represented in
that House, he trusted that he might be allowed to enter into a
statement of their history and condition; and in doirg so, he
thought he could thew that it was worse than that of any other
peasantry. As the law stood, if a poor man were to apply for
relief, whether he did so from misfortune, crime, or idleness, a
Magistrate, or Overseer, had the power of removing him to
another township, however distant it might be, and there
his personal liberty was restricted under the fear of punish-
ment if he left the place. Another consequence was, that a
family so confined very frequently became beggars from gene-
ration to generation. He wished the principle of the laws to
be that of the Statute of the 43d of Elisabeth, which provided
that those who were impotent should be entitled to relief; but
that those who were not so should be put in a place where they
could work, by the Overseers, and those who would not work
should not be allowed to eat. Upon this footing the law rested
for sixty years without any material alteration. In the reign
of James I. there was a Statute passed to prevent paupers
leaving their families, but it did not appear that at that floe
there was any remarkable increase in the numbers of the peor.
In the reign Charles the Firat, which was a time of tumult.
the population of the country had been disturbed and moved
in different parts. Armies were raised and conveyed to dis-
tant places; one of which, being collected in Cheshire, was
marched into Cornwall. They found what the result of
this was so soon as in the time of Cromwell. In the ye.:'
1566, an Ordinance was issued, which stated, that the numb,:
of idle, dissolute, and disorderly persons had of late much in-
c.:wed, by reason of the defects in the Statute relating to
;Simpers and beggars. The Statute of Chunks the Second tben
came, which inflicted the hardship upon the poor of having
them removed within forty days after an application for relive
It was a most unjust and cruel principle, and only gave to Ma-
gistrates and Overseers the power of exercising arbitrary oppres-
sion. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman then proceeded to re-
mark, that, Its the time of King William, the effects of this prip-
elple began to spew themselves. lie read a report made by Mr.
Locke, in the 'year 1696, which &hewed what it bad produced,
even in the course of two reigns. The report stated that the in-
crease of the Poor Rates, and the osultiplicatiou of the poor, with
the consequent increase of the tax fur their maiutenance, were
so commonly talked of as not to be doubted. It went on to
any that the evils were not depending upon want, because the
times had been blessed with plenty, hut upno tbe decrease of
discipline and industry, and the consequent growth of vice and
isncneas. There was one other Statute' upon the' subject, passed

the reign of Clear
House by Sr Edward Hayde
~.;:ficeiln that it was at first n
j.,,itlen than had been directed
as the history of the law as *
devour to show its effects.
the whole charge of the poor upon
c'akl demonstrate as far as such --
.ration. He should first speak
or. item, a very eminent writer upsa
s:,:f the Statute of Charles the Second had
iaigation than any law that had ever been _ year
' the litigations upon removals amounted to 5e327,000. It
would be an object of sufficient importance to sweetish money
teeO country, independent arf the comfort and relief which
t measure was calculated to bestow upon the poor man.
If 2 man with a family wanted a shilling to relieve a child, he
%posed to be removed by the Overseer, although he could
.pi • , • the remaining part of his family, and perhaps the place to
....
„i,;;',l lie would be taken would not afford him the means of pro-
bread for any of them. These were only a inaction of the
evils of the system. If X 327,000 were expended upon
t!.0,, removals only which were litigated, the whole mutt entail
ero,e mous expense upon the Country. He should be very
eesh ,urprised to hear any Gentleman get up to that House
,ay that the produce of any particular town should be con-
(mad to it, and not permitted to pass outside of its walls. Why
town, he would ask, was the poor man to have such a restriction
upon the produce of his labour? The difference of
wages in different counties proved that there was an impediment
in the way of the circulation of labour. In Sussex wages Were
front Ts. to 9s. per week, and in Lancashire they were from les.
,„ le!. In Surrey they were rather more than in Sussex, and
they were often found to be very different in adjoining parishes.
'Fins was sufficient proof that labour did not circulate freely.--
Tee Bor. and Leaned Member then went into some compa-
rative statements of the amount of Poor-rates', population, and
property M the Counties of Lancaster and Sussex, shewing
that the first predominated in the latter county, and that Lan-
cashire possessed an enormous advantage on the other two heads.
Ile argued that it would be found universal that manufacturing
counties, abounding in large towns, were under the lowest assess-
r.nt. Ile did not wonder, therefore, that large towns had an
~section to the Bill, although he hoped to convince them that
.1i: Id ultimately be for their benefit. Surely, be contended,
burthen of maintaining the poor ought not to be greater
~:.re there was less property than where there was greater,
e„ . a system of regulation ought in justice to be adopted. ThC
cf the great difference would be found in the removal of
t..c poor; and the only way to alleviate it was to suffer a man
to do what he ought to do, namely, to allow him to remove
where there was the greatest demand for labour. In Oxford-
tit rs, he had heard that 3s. a week was the price of labour.
_The great object should be to make the rates as equal as pos.
over the country, and proportioned to the ability of each
estuary. The fatal opinion of absolute right is engrafted in the
mind of the poor man by the Settlement Law. lie converted
their tyranny into a right of reprisal on their property ; because
he turned round and said, if you do not allow me to find labour
tar myself, I will make you maintain me. The greater part of
there•rre totally neglected the religious and moral education of
the pour ; especially the young women not settled in the parish,
a: least so said a correspondent of his (among many others), for
if sae of them was got with child she might be removed to her
own parish. It was argued, that the law of removal operated by
dread to prevent the approaches of vice and idleness • but; con-
se!ered as a penal law, it wanted me great essential Of all penal
lawe namely, equality ; and feeding on bread water should be
the punishment, as privation should always be employed against
vice and idleness. Poverty and virtue were often combined; yet
they attached the same punishment to them as to idleness and vice.
A moral restraint on the habits and character of the poor would
it much more effectual in preventing them from coming on the
Parish. Ey the adoption of the measure he really believed that
although in point of relative amount the agricultural interest
would gain, the manufacturing interest would not lose. He
i.nderstood that in the manufacturing districts it had become
usual to encourage the labourers to subscribe towards alund to
provide against the necessity of applying for parochial relief. In
Parish of Salford, near Manchester, he was informed that,
one manufactory, one thousand labourers paid a penny a
week to keep up a perpetual fund of 2001. and that the calls upon
e were rarely more than seS a-year. On the whole he was con-
v.r.ced that this Bill would have the effect of improving tbe con-
d:ion of the poor, abolishing litigation, and; if followed up by
other measures, of increasing their morality. In submitting to
the House his views upon this most important question, he hoped
be had betrayed no ill-placed vanity, nor had treated with any
improper levity a subject so material in its consequences (Hear).
Jr bringing it forward he was animated by one motive only—a
aesire to promote the true, permanent and substantial good of his
c7,-:rtry—(Hear).—lf it was not acceptable to the House, he
we ready to abandon it ; in presenting it to their consideration
be had courted no assistance, and he had feared no obloquy—
(Hear, hear).—His conviction that, if reduced to practice, it
watild prove generally useful was deeply founded; but if it were
the pleasure of the House that it should go no further, or if they
ware disposed to send it to a Committee, there to remain till the
erairg Session, he, in either case, bowed to their decision. He
certair!y could wish to inspire all parties with his own feelings
on :his subject, and induce them to contemplate in the same
light the present state of the labouring poor in this country—a
state of slavery and degradation which he believed did not exist
is any other nation of Europe. He should now conclude by moving
that the e% Poor Removal Bill," be read a second tine—(Hear).
Mr. MANSFIELD objected to a clause in the Bill which
enabled a man to be sent to the House of Correction if his po-
laty was brought on by extravagance. He moved that the Bill
be read a second time that day six months.
Air. IVIONCIC seconded the Amendment. They had only a
choice of evils ; but he thought they would be increased by the
zdoptiar. of the present measure. The whole object of the law,
as it now stood, was against the too easy acquirement of settle-
ment ; but at the same time, its further object was to provide in
a proper manner for the real and the deserving poor. flee sys-
tem in the county of Berke (said Mr. Monck) was for the poor
tr, get their bread in the country in the summer, and in winter
to come into the town, as to a straw-yard, to feed on the parish.
Frequently the master manufacturer who employs the poor does
rat reside in the parish. Thus the English manufacturer had
the public funds of the Poor-rates to put his hand in for the
maintenance of his labourers. For all the cheapness of labour
in Ireland. the Irish manufacturers could not compete with the
reglish in the market, because there were no Poor-rates in that
country. The towns would be glad to be rid of manufacturers;
Led if this Bill were passed, all the country parishes, at a very
lit;le expense, would send their poor into the towns, to swell the
r:;ery and vice of them.
Mr. T. COURTENAY was at a loss to know how the Hon.
Gentleman could expect any good effects from his Bill, except,
-perhaps, that of procuring, as it was called, a free circulation of
tabour. He wished that the lion. Gendenian had developed
the whole of his plan.
Mr. SCA RLETT said, he had at present only meant to dis-
the principle of the Bill.
Sir JOHN SHELLEY stated that, unless something was
0.,,ne, the land would be unable to maintain the poor. He should
wort the Bill.
Captain A! A BERLY raid, that the view of the Hon. and
Learned Gentleman was fallacious, as it was impossible in this
c..se to telitve the poor without laying a very oppressive burden
on the rich. It was not correct that the poor were restrained
roan free employment of their labour. He should vote for
amendment.
Sir M. RI DLET would recommend Nellie Hon. Friend not
to press the mearte: a power might in all cases be gives to
Magistrates, to suspend the order of removal ; a power die
•4 as new only allowed in cases of sichness. It would be es-
tremely impolitic to make such a total alteration in the law of
settlement as was proposed by the present Bill.
Mr. NOLAN denied that the poor were not represented, as
tl•.at House was always attentive to their wants. The preset*
11111 would have at least the good effect of setting the public
mind at work upon the subject. But when so many Petition
had been presented against the Bill, be (Mr. Nolan) would
faux, even though his owu theoteticalopittion had been mire
in favour of the Bill than it actually was. By the present
litigation instead of toeing diminished, would be doubled,
of trebled.
Tie Marquis of LONDONDERRY must denithat the con.
carrence of Government was noceseary to ensure the imam of
hey measure en the poor Laws. He could not me how the
principle of the Hon. Gentleman woeld effect its object. but still
all must be sensible of the importance of the objject that it peo..
;wed to attain. He was sensiblrat the present, law threw an
obstacle in the way of thettositirculAtion of labour; but he
feared that the plan of the Learned Geudsman would not died.
tbe tpsantum of Writ's'''. At the same time it would be
essirable that a:, irdWittnal should be.releved without removal

propose
Mg [pawn He
setdsommt by enpettOtins. tip. the Oast ahem
_glen he.Walibl ripest would be to make the Imilw Of thalene-
EOM 5e1e.44110091 1910. By 1b law, as it at-prawn stood,
a woman with as MegiMnam, was Weer J than-sere with a
legitimate child. " •
Colonel WOOD would vote for the ineind readhe of the BIL
.We the laws of Removal and Settlement to be proposed now,
for the first time, they would be scouted as most oppressive.
Mr. P. MOORE stated, that his constinnota were adverse to
the BM ; as, out of a population of 90,000, tbere Mete 9000 onl
the poor list. His opinion was in unison with theirs.
Sir ROBERT WILSON expressed his approbation of the
principle of the Bill.
Alderman BRYDGES was against the Bill.
Mr. SCARLETT would pay every attention to the sugges-
tions that were thrown out, should-the Bill go to a COMmlttee. •
Mr. DENtIAN said, the Bill min be taken as one of a MAN
of measures. The best plan would be to refer the 11111 to a Com-
mittee up stairs.
Mr. COWPER must vote for the Amendment, unless the
Bill was remodelled.
The House divided—For the second reading, 66—Against it,
62—Majority 16.—The Bill was consequently lost.
TREASURY MINUTE.
When strangers were again admitted to the gallery,
Mr. P. MOORE was on his legs, complaining ofa certain Or-
cular, written by a Member of the Treasury, and iirldch, the
Hon. Member said, contained charges against himself. and other
Members, which, if true, rendered them unworthy to sit longer,
in that House. The Hon. Member was called to order by
Mr. G. BENNET, who declared he was at a loss to under-
stand the object of his lion. Friend in what he was saying, what
he intended to say, or how he intended to conclude ; but he un-
derstood there was a circular, or Treasury Minute, in existence,
that alluded to an Hon. Member not now present ; and there-
fore be submitted it would be desirable to postpone this subject
till that lion. Member was present—( Hear, hear).
Sir ROBERT WILSON said, he understood he was also al-
Inded to in that Minute. He thought the course recommended
by his Hon. Friend (Mr. Bennet) should be adopted.
The SPEAKER said, understanding an appeal had been
made to him, he was bound to say, that any Hon. Member feel-
ing that a breach of privilege had been committed, was at liberty
to bring forward the subject without notice. He was also bound
to say, that although he did not understand in what way the
Hon. Member intended to conclude, he had not yet heard a
single disorderly word from him.
Mr. MOORE again rose, and declared he stood forward,
without consulting any one, in defence and justification of his own
character. If any of the Members of the Treasury would rise
and say they did not believe there was any truth in the charge
alluded to in the Minute, he should be satisfied, and
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose to order,
and assured the Hon. Gentleman he had no objection, and be
believed no objection existed in the mind of any other Member
of the Treasury, to say they gave no credence to the allegation
set out in the Treasury Minute; but such a charge having been
promulgated against the Hon. Gentleman, the Treasury had
thought it right the Hen. Member should be acquainted with
the promulgation, and the name of the promulgator, and there-
fore the Minute in question had been forwarded to the Honour.
able Member.

Mr. P. MOORE said, this declaration of the Right Hoo. Gen-
tleman was satisfactory to him, and he should therefore let the
subject rest for the present. Here the matter dropped.
The third reading of Mr. Wallace's Bill was fixed for Tuesday.
The House went into *Committee on theßast India Trade Acts.

Mr. C. WYNN obtained leave to bring in a Bill to consnli-
date, alter, and amend the laws regulating the tonnage of vessels
engaged in that trade.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained
leave to bring in a Bill to provide for the more effectual regula-
tion of certain offices in the Exchequer in Ireland.
Sir J. NEWPORT expressed his satisfaction at the course
adopted by the Right Hon. Gentleman. and said be should in
consequence withdraw a notice of Ms, which stood on the notice-
book on this subject.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL brought in a Bill to explain
the law relative to the inrohnent and granting of Annuities.
Mr. GOULBURN gave notice that he would, in the Com-
mittee of Supply, move the Miscellaneous Estimates for Ireland.
Adjourned at Half-past Twelve o'Clock to Monday.

'l'llE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

elFeeted,.o.2
edventagnet al, • god large gunman
of [gulp wise have been these low days from
Riad* Bemis and Alsace. •
sT. PBTIIIISBURGH, MAY T.
The new Tariff bee not 'yet made any chew fa the mane of
trade. It may be noticed as something siegaint,thst among the
ankles imPued by sea, there is a cargo of oats, which has met
with a good ale.
eamat Meals Rassmowsky, formerly Wain* of Popular
bistrurthm, died lately.
BERLIN. MAT 21.
The Frankfort Journal affirms (says our Stitt Gazette), that
the Russian Government has made communications to the Cs-
binets of Berlin and Copenhagen, respecting the eorden of troops,
which Russia stations on the coasts of Euhonia, Livonia, and
Courland; that Prussia, in concert with Russia, is strengthening
itslroops in Pomerania, with an intendoa of sending them to
the coast, so as to form a continuation of the Russian cordon
and that a Premien Staff Officer is to go to Rigs; to make ar-
rangemenis an this subject. Of all this we have not the slightest
knowledge here.
VIENNA, Mar 18.—Metalliques, 7516116—8ank Share's, 6851.
A Lisbon Mall, bringing Papers to the 38th ult. reached tis
this forenoon. A Sardinian vessel had arrived on the 14th from
Brazil, in 88 days, with 180 soldiers, and 20 women, who had
been compelled to quit Rio in consequence of the disturbance
which took place in February last between the native and the
Portuguese troops. The latter had embarked in six vessels which
sailed in company to the Azores. On the 15th, another of these
vessels arrived at Lisbon.

The Portuguese ship Estrella, in 58 days from Pan, brought
news that the greatest tranquillity and attachment to the Consti-
tutional System prevail at Pan ; and that the new Provisional
Junta took possession of the Government on the 11th of March.
These papers are entirely silent as to the operation of the law,
or rather the suspension of the law, by which the Minister of
the Police had the power to banish suspected persons, and fix
their domicile where he pleased; but 'we learn from a private
source, that the Minister had exercised his authority, and that
the following is a list of the persona and the places of their tem-
porary banishment :

NAMES Or PERSONS. PLACES or REMOVAL.
Ex-Brigadier Telles Jordao, To Gsarda.
Major Pimento, coming from mi. de
Janeiro, To Monte Mor o Novo.
Dr. Quina,
The Dominican Friar Mezie, well To Amend.
known at Paris,
The Colonel of Militia Cabieiro, ToMonforte do RioLevri.
The Quartermaster of the Reg. 10. / To Castello',index°.
Futlano Malefaia.
Ex-Captain Moe. &miens, To & Vicente do Bine.
Futlano Pinete, Out of the kingdom.
Antonio Telles, brother of Mal Rio de Janeiro.
quis of Penalva,
The Grand Prior, brother to Ant. Telles, Quint° do Laps.
The Grand Prior of the Order of Christ, Torrao'.

The French Papers of Wednesday tend rather to dissipate
than confirm the accounts so confidently stated at Vienna, and
so readily believed by some of our cotemporiuies, of the pacific
termination of the negotiations between Russia and Turkey.
French Funds, May 29.—Five per Cent. Consols opened at
19f. 50c.---highest 89f. 60c.—closed at 89f. 40c.
The affair at Lyons seems to have been much more serious
than one would have been led to suppose from the French Pa-
pers. The following letter in the 4411gemeilse &Meng, of the
18th, exhibits a rooted discontent and a desperate spirit of ani-
mosity to the present Royal Family on the part of the great body
of the population. When we see from six to seven thousand
men expressing their hostility to the Election Return in this de-
cided manner, while the Return itself was the work of only a
few individuals, we know what to think of millions
LYONS, MAY 11. '1

Yesterday we had violent scenes here betwee'n the people and
the soldiery, on account of the election. The Royalists were in
the lintel de Ville, and called out " Vive le Rot I" on which a
mass of from si: to 7,000 men, who had assembled in the Place
Terreaux, fell on the soldiers, and in some measure overpowered
them. The whole afternoon, in every street, was beard the
seditious cry of " Down with the Bourbons !" " Down with the
King !" " Vive la Liberd !" Pitchers and flower-pots were
thrown from the windows on the soldiers. In short, things went
on dreadfully, and several persons were killed. Even the life of
the Prefect was attempted.. It was only possible to still the
movement by communicating to the military (3,000 strong)
orders to fire on the people. However, tranquillity Is, yet far
from being fully restored.

A Hobart's Town and Van Dieman's Advertiser was received
this morning to the girth December, bringing the following in-
telligence •
TROY THE

OF DICZII/IZIR 15.

Tuesday last, the detachments of troops, with the stores, arti-
ficers, and convicts, destined to form the new Establishment at
Macquarrie Harbour, were embarked on board his Majesty's.
Colonial brig Prince Leopold, and the hired brig Sophia, the
whole being under the direction of Lieutenant Cothbertson, of
the 48th Regiment, Commandant, who is accompanied by Mr.
Evans, Deputy Surveyor-General Assistant-Surgeon Spence is
attached to the new nt.. Ou Wednesday the two yes-
, eels sailed, with a fair wind.
The cukivation and population of the settlement on Van Die-
man's Land are both greatly increased since last year : the cul-
tivation is 14,940 acres (exclusive of gardens), of which 12,966
are in wheat. Our population is about 7400; horned cattle
35,000, sheep 170,000, 'horses 550, and swine 5000. We omit-
ted to mart, in our last Gazette, the departure from this port
for Sydney, on Sunday morning, of the ship Marines, and the
skip Nearchus. The Brixton Captain Luau will sail to-mor-
row, for England ; as will also '
the Amboyna, for Port Jackson.
A line large punt has lately commenced plying across the river,
at New Norfolk. An Agricultural Association is going to be
farmed, *lndia to that established in the mother-country.

Yesterday morning, at half past eleven o'clock, the Knee left
town in Ms travelling carriage for Kew, where his M.uxsvy
spent the day.
The Duke and Duchess of NORTICIIIMLAND have arrived' at
their seat Werrington, near Launceston.
Letters received from Vera Cruz, dated March 10, mention
the arrival at Acapulco of Lord Commute with the Chili=
force under his command. That this' would be his Lordship%
next destination, as soon u he bad refitted his vessels, had long
been expected; and his object was, to capture the Spanish fri-
gates la ?rube and la Venganzso. which took refuge in Aca-
pulco. as soon as the affairs of Peru became untavourabk to the
Royalist cause. It appeirs, however, that his Lordship's design
had not been carried into effect, owing to the two frigates being
under the protection of the treaty made sonic time ago between
Irnasunt, the Mexican Chief, and O'Donoro, the Viceroy ap-
pointed by the Kum sobsequent. to the establishment of the new
system, and consequently under the protection of the forts. This
Is a very singular feature in the affairs of South America, but it
was not possible to form any idea of the issue.
A dreadful acddent happened on the morning of the 111th inst.
in the Canton of Charleroi. A number of men working in a
coal-pit were suddenly overwhelmed by a great 'body of water,
' which rushed upon them with pods impetuosity tau only two
escaped. The member of pylons *lto perished is stsisog si op,
'ara. of thirty:.

Putney, Ste.
4 Ilailb•r•rie
fineness of the day caused en active- bottle in the yards of the
different Inn in the elehaittotthe Metropolis, from tbi Wee
of seven till nearly tee. 'The line of carriage, of every descrip,
Lion, fined with wellAressed coinpany, extended nearly
.the-.
whole length of Piccadilly to Hyde Park Turnpike. •
The Lila- irtived on the ground at eleven o'clock, attends*
by his Rofkilighnese the Colecnrese-nr-Caeca, the Duke of
Wzrasealint, &e. ficr... His .laseery was received with a"
UPI salute faint allhoeibleft• The nimbler then commenced,'
the various Regiments going through their evolution inn man-
ner which chewed the highest state Of discipline, and abided
greet gratification to hi. Mower. The Prince and Pstwest of
Diatastax, with their suite, several of the Foreign Ambassa-.
'dote„
4Keni principal of the British Nobility, were present.
T morning the secondfililtailon of Grenadier Guards,
about * . , had a field-day in Hyde Park. They were
formed Wine it ten o'clock, and shortly after Colonel Hearter,
'their Oolinerading Officer, accompanied by his Staff, and several
Reid joined them, when the men Went through the va-
rious with the greatest precision. It is said they will
shortly be reviewed by the Prince of Dumas:.
Thursday'llitjer gammas% compiny of the Royal Artillery,
marched from the Heights Batteries at Dover, to Deal, and
immediately embarked on board the Intrepid transport, and
sailed foi Du'blin. ' .
. .
Four companies of the 7th Regiment (Fusileers) arrived at
Chatham, last week, from Newcastle, and immediately em-
barked for Sheerness, to relieve the five companies of the 44th
Regiment doing duty there;. the remaiuder of the Fusileers are
daily expected at Chatham.
Thursday the detachment of the 5d Buffs, which had pro-
ceeded from Canterbury' to Dover, as a Guard of Honour to
the Prince and Princess of Datou.sx, marched into that city
from Dover, on its return to Chatham. A company of the 7th
Fusileers, are expected to replace them at Dover.
Monday a transport arrived at Portsmouth, from St. Helena,
after a very long passage; previous toter sailing the Ist division
of the itoth Regiment had sailed for Bombay.
The 34th Regiment is shortly expected home front India.

1•4•11
. .
'1 S? • . • .
- ~ . . . • .
.•
, la
.%....., •*.! . , . • .
.„ • : • •
t • •
'' ••• .
*' ' • • • •
•
• .
. •
• ... . • -
. '
••i ' ,
. . 111111ra,
~ . , •
. .
. .
•
, •
• , •
•
iritla 6461-4atir otturlira=titzvoto wiaboisiolik**.epikta*4o,oo.o.4l.l, 1 --..--,-"- -pim Am% .__ _ -_,:i....,.,_ -
de /tarn. and Itoe
n met by atossandle die earned. thintemeneittiehisedeas be inaleaied; eit paniki of essasestion, •-= ' ..
1 • .•.
red pen tisk in the Cesneten.", • .ote kw tbemreemsil L Thslollieffiens Mends lievisienterni**4o,ll4.st, OleitiftS *intik* Arnouitit.d*: '• . '. .
sit stood, and 72;74., ..ronlT'airet en. to dal* ilio sow wiry objetakels to •vie Ma ;id' Its Wort% a ellilliesetsf &trot lID iletins wee. :*. Jenard Millikeke if Aidilhernbli. accI,POS "P. "6" •
That k west firmly tei Seeman present fore.
3. 'no regidelhilli Inhere in !brae Nepalis wimp in triodt bit et thtli litilidiat; lifrWidwitiryesterdigy waft! :.r upon the Aim% w lII* Ile stir CARriiRNLL-was M even of the i.' -...
order be promnd to Itimmient. mix- present at the gritit
are retained ; an ii.....i.e.' '
loch a thiscroide ailsoltodelotoo. Mr. CRETIN YNDR dam& aaysatimagt to sidallorato the . A. --.—r ma ores 1",1•44.4w; aek'ttet! t°
eak of thilltliaten 0 whkh It bed. Poor Laws was entitled to the most milmseisasesdiedielleno— Pftwent "NM • • • . . to-day. They we leattereilnat might at lidoetiehe, PineeN im.
writer upon dirt *Wes, stated, He should propose to shade Ake debt et fttlwisfilit from "I"' *N thin aalpdation trOs earned, the tavern4teepers iiiiii other and it ask a*/ war tills awoke warded M * nalfurglie
2e Second had given rist to - more vice, as being Comet fertile some ef fitiption. Ids should also "Gwen took advantsawat doiiiiivaL . and iiiii Qui4tides fineness of the day seared active. burtl• In ph. .s.A. ../ .1...
iad ever been enacted. In the year propose to abolish ilittiMsrat be imsfeseicadda. "rise maze Atom.
