NATURAL ■ISTORT.

4. NATURAL HISTORY, founded on the 'Annuals M.
rangenwnt, with popular and entertaining dcferiptions in tbc
manner of Goirifinith and Buiron: embeltiChed with foray-9a
Copper•plates, reprefenting one ituadied and Exty-fix of the
molt curious shied.. By Oss Author of the Britith Napo..
Price 40. 64 bound.
MA1114141. AND RWOWLSOOt OF TM! WORLD. .
3. The ELEMENTS of a POLUS EDUCATION ; can-
onising all the valuable and unexceptionable [dominion In the
Letters of the late Lord Oheiterfield to his Son, Girded and
arranged by 0191101 Cia noay. D. D. Author of that:Econo-
my of Itituee;llll other Works. Price 4s. 6d. bound. s' 4

STILL AND COY POSITION.

6.The MEMO:NYS of ENOLISH COMPOSITION. con-
tatisuai7 plain and praCtical direaions for writing the Fawn&
Language with cafe, perfplenity and elegance; awl&Spot in
the grefs of Education lllUllediady tohnied to the Study
of the swims kaglifb Orammars, and of the Latin and Greek
Clafacs. Dr Davin Immo, A. M. Price 4a, in boards, or
no. 6d. bound. loamy.
7. CLASSICAL ENOLISH POETRY, for the tile of
Schools, and Young Perron; of both Sexes, feleCted from the
tacßAutliors, with a Prefacer indicating the (mend Species of
Poetry, and the belt Mode of Red MUM. By Dr. Matron
and Mr. Pit ATT Author of Sympathy, &c. Price 4s. 64. in
boards, or boLd.

SNORT IIAP.1:1 WAITING.
IL An UNIVERSAL and COMPLETE SYSTEM of
WORT HAND WRITING. being the brae which has been
adopted by the Editors of the Encyc3apcdla Rritasnica. and
which Is ufed in the Courts of Law in the Metropolis. liy %Vat.
MAVO/4 LL. D. Fifth Edition, price 7s 6d.

ssisesti.avroee
9. The MONTHLY PRECEPTOR, or JUVENILE EN-
, CYCX.OPADIA, adapted In its various departments to the
Capaddes of Young Perfons, and defigned as an improved Cla(s
Book, pofrening the recommendation to Young Pelona, of be-
ing a Monthly Novelty. Prises to theramount of 15 guineas
per month are diftributcd by the Editors for the heft perform-
ances on given fubject.. Price one milling each Number, as
pubilfhed; or the three firft volumes may be had complete,
price aye. W. in boards; the whole to be completed in Bs
volumes.
N. B. As the Publifter guarantees the Bnoldelling Trade
from lots by exchanging eitbcr of the aboveanentiancel Books.
In a clean and perfect Rate, for any other of them, Matters
sod Governefas of Academies are able to aped there Nadirs-
!ions frac of expeoce, at the (bop of every rdpeltable Bonk-
feller. The pi:blither adopts this plan of excise: Wise with the
Trade in the complete eonfidesoz that every one of there books,
when duly known, will be Introduced Into Mr/ refecia*
Seminary el FAatatiea

trot, at Two o'clock to the Afternooti,(baftead of the isti
of July, toot, as before advErtifed),
THE Lands and Ellatts of LEASTON and
PLEWLANDHILL, lying in the Parifh of Humble,
and county oil-aft-Lothian.
There Eftates will be expofed together or reparately.—That
of Lealton coufifts of about 7to Scotch Acres, or goo English
Statute Aeries; and Plewland-HW confifta of about 352 Scotch
Acres, or 431 Englifh Statute Atte', mealy all Arade,'eseept-
bag what is Coder-wood or Plantation.
Each Mate affords a Freehold Qualification in the County,
and holds Blench of the Crown • and has Right to the Tythes,
Patronage, 111141 VlCarlit ; the Stl;and was augmented not many
years ago; and the Mang and Church have been lately rebuilt,
sod the =total ban hens are very fraall.
The Lauds of b.ola Eftatea are of ritoellait Quiity, partly of
a dry free Soil, well adapted to Green Crops (slavery kind, and
partly of a rich Loam and Clay, yielding great Crops of all
kinds °trails.
The Lands are occupied by choice Thant', at moderate
Rents, particularly the Leaftoo Eitatc, which is very improve-
able, and well fituate4 for the heft of Markets, being within
Fifteen Miles of Edinburgh, Six of liaddington, and Fight of
Dalkeith; and only Two from Coal. and Lime, with good
Roads to all thefc Places.
Both Mates are iodated, and fab divided with Ditch and
Hedge, or Store Dykes. The Fields are well watcrol, ajd
theltered with broad l•ltripcs or Belts of Planting.
There are about t;,t Acres of the Properties Under-wood,
having a number of old 'Frees on each Mate; and about too
Acres of Fir Intimation, interfperfctl with Larch and alt Untie
of hard Wood, above thirty years old, In a thriving condition.
and well laid out for beautifying the property as well as afford.'
legit (halter. Theft woods, upon a late Curacy, have beat
valued at boot*

The-- ItianfisseHrtafe of Leaßoo Rands in a dry and warn
notation • and may at a moderate toence be made fit to as-
commod•te a large Fam4 ; has a good Garden, and well-
flocked double Pigeon - hot& ; and if the Purchafer of either
Mate thouid be inclined to build, or to feu to others, there
arc many fine Situations for Hodes; and being In the neigh-
bourhood of Lime, and plenty of Free-Itene in the Grounds,
and not far from Timber-marked, Buildings of any kind might
be eroded at sit ply espenee.
The Reseal of fsoth Eftates, putt log a reafonable yearly value
on the Thionings of the Plantations, exclulirt of the Sale of
grown Wood, is upwards of tswl. a year; said though about
73 Awes, Part of Leafton inelofiires, adjoining the Manfion,
sod 70 Acres of Plewland-bill, be out of Lane to accommodate
a Proprietor, tide are only here rated at the Offers made for
them by good Tenants.
The Eflate is partly furrounded and interfofted with Trost-
ins-rivulets; ku upon it Pheafaut, Partridge, Hare, and other
Game, and is in the neighbourhood of Moor Game. Its elegi!
blhey for any Gi oilman defiroidkof a Complete Eltate fo non
the Capital, and in fo good a neighbourhood, requires IMO
Comment.

For Particular, apply to Aku 'p.m, ()rapt, P.fq. Writer to
the Signet, Edinburgh; at to ?Arita Res aad Han, Sollichoes
Bafirell-court. Lauda° • ud John * el
i.eaßeekowill apcw ther;emike,

WHEN Profeffmial Men of education And re-
fpoullbility deviate from the general fyßesn by the (c-
-icalas of a peculiar "Branch, the randier' of bog continued
(needs is the bell criterion of fupenority.
Eight years have I devoted my pmEtice to the rectutlve treat-
ment of THREE DISORDMI, and the fuceefsful refult of
my plan gives me additional ardour to oppofe as far as I am
a►le the ravages of thole complaints which arc the molt import-
ant in the catalogue of human infirmities.
. -

After initillti;) IMO every branch as an Army Sutler*. I
fanned a with at an arty period of Practice to refeue
from the ignorance of uneducated Men, or the equally dan-
gerous precipitancy of general PratUtionere.
The THREE DISORDERS, to the cure of which I have de-
voted my attention, eoinprize every (petits of VFW:REAL
INFECTION. whether of a recent or long dump:in.—idly.
AU kinds of DEBILITY, whether artfing from the habits of
Schoolboys, or the indulgence of mature age, and tally that de-
rangement of 4c fractal in Women which is called BARREN.
NESS or STERILITY.
Numerous difeates are the relish of ignorance or !talk In the
treatment of a &epic Ootiorehea, and it not tastrequently hap.
pens that the feeds of Life are poifoned by the inditcretion of an
unguarded hour. By a filmier /wilted fuck complaints are
city cured, and even where others have failed, I troll that I
say prefume to offers radical re-dtablifitment. • '
Few however arc the cafes of complicated diltrefs in this
dltorder compared with the calamitous &nations of Men, who
from indulgence ins SOLITARY VICE, or the prevalent One•
ties of o fatltiocable Life, acquire that Rate of Debility vvhick
is the unavoidable confequence of filch pernidpus habits.
Where the unhappy loiterer breeds over his mitery, but care,
fully conceals his misfortune, It may be tome contention tar
him to know, that although it be an oiled of doubt or uncer-
tainty with ther Prhdldoners, the removal of thcfe DEO.
Ci ENC I ES by the renal progrefs of Renovation is the acquire
'neat of mg experience. If the rites of Bacchus or Venus have
begun to reduce manly vigour, much anxiety will be prevented
by an only counteradien of this languid Rate, and la th•fil
cafes no great (faculties will occur.
But where this Deficiency has for years et 'Red a proper Pap
feverance is indifpenfibly 'equine to revive the Gumbring fpirka
of Life, and to re-animate the Cenititutiou.
MARRIED WOMEN, who have long been ifappointed
In their expedations of a Family, may he atrured, that in molt
inftanees loch defects are curable by Medical SkUL •
The SECRECY which is to efferidal to my undertaking, and
the qualifications which I have prefunsei to Rate, form the
Bain of my Preenfiens, and in coincidence with fuck this lath
matioa is given, that Mr B---• may be confultedpefounly
(or by letters inelofing a (mail note) at his boufe, No. sq, Arun.
del-ftreet, Strand, mar Temple-Bar.
There is an additional entrance in Water-Brat adjoining,
sad the name is on both the doors.
14. B. Masker 44 the Royal College of Surgeons.

FRANCE.

PARIS, AUGUST :6.

f

BOURDEAUX, AUGUST ii.

\

The Prince of NASSAU 011ANCE has abolifled
the tax hitherto impofed upon Jews refiding within
his territory.

According to accounts from Lille, of the izth
lat. the 510 demi-brigade, which was in garrifon
there, had let out for Boulogne ; and .on the pre-
ceding day a large quantity of bomb-fhells was
fent off for the fame place.
The manufaaurers of arms in the city of Liege
have received a notice from the Miniller at War,
that they muff henceforth mantifacchire no kind of
weapon ufed in war without his authority, under
pain of contifcation.
Citizen VFNTURI has been appointed Minifter
Plenipotentiary by the Cifalpine Government to
the KING 01 TUSCANY, and to acknowledge him
in that quality in the name of the Republic.—
The Helvetic and Ligurian Governments are
about to appoint Minilters, who will be charged
with the fame miffion. His Holinefs has given a
brief of credit to acknowledge the new King in
that quality, and to be complimented in his name
at his arrival at Florence. Monfignor GALE PE, one
of his Nuncios, is charged with this honourable
commiffion.

General MOREAU, COUTICCIIOt, ST. SUZANNE, Ci.
tizen OTTO, our agent at London, and Citizen
RI E TIER, now in the Seven Towers at Conftanti•
nople, are nominated in the new eleftion among
the Notable: of Stralburgh.
A Sinking Fund of 2,500,000 livres a year from
the Trealury, with above t00,000,c00 more to be-
v.: with, is appropriated for the difcharge of the
National Debt.

On the 13th, a crown was thrown on the Rage,
at the Theatre of the Comic Opera, with an infcrip-
tion, fignifying th•it it was offered as a teilimony
of Homage to Takla'. Signior R,truixt Lt.l took it
up, and prefented it to Signora SmipiesAccui.
That charming Aarefs, amid the loudeft applaufes
of the fpeCtators, tore it in pieces, and difiributed
them among all the performers prefent.
The Mimiler for Domeftic Affairs has offered
a firll prize of 40,000 livres, and a fecond prize of
20.000 livres, for the belt machines of new inven-
tion for teazing, carding, combing, and fpinnn
wool, which (hall be produced in competition at
the Confervatory of Arts and Trades, in St. Mar-
tin's-fired, before the aoth of June, 180 a.
On the ad infiant, a French gunner put an end
to his exifience, by placing himfelf before the
muzzle of one of the cannons of the citadel of
Turin, which he had loaded on purpofe, and then
fetting fire to it, b- means of a mach fixed to a
long pole.
On the 13th, the Minifler of the Interior iffued
an decree, direling, that in future, in all the fetes,
decorations, and furnifhings, ordered by the confli.
tined authorities dependent on the Minifler of the
Interior, nothing Mall be ufed but articles of
French manufafture. The artifis, architeas, and
contraCtors, who than difobey this injunction, will
be difcharged from their employments under Go-
•ernment ; and no account can be paired or paid,
unler, accompanied with a certificate that the va-
rious articles charged are of French manufacture.
The decree has been tranfmitted to the PrefeEts,
&c. with the following circular letter :
Paris, Auguit 13, 9th Year of the Republic,

44 Among the encouragements which may be
given to our manufactures, there is none ,more
powerful than that of clothing ourfelves, and de-
corating our habitations, with their produCts. This
mode, the eafieß, though the moft negleeted, fe-
cures at once a confumption for them, while it flat-
ters the vanity of the manufaCturer. Let us hope
that a fentiment of national interetl, and the re-
generation of the public fpirit, will at length pro-
duce among us, what neither coercive laws, nor
confiderations of policy, have been able to effect.
Expecting this happy return to the true intereßs of
France, it belongs to the Government to fet an
example, and to make it a point of honour and
pride to furround itfelf with the produas of our
manufaCture.

It is with this view that I tranfmit to you the
annexed decree, of which you will attend to the
execution. P CHAPTAL."

Within there few days feveral fiat corps have
paired through this place on their way to Bayonne,
and feveral more are expeeted. It is raid they are
'to join the French army in Spain.
Thirty-eight Communes have applied for a di.
mjnotion of the impofts, in confequence of the
ravages committed by the field mice. Since the
corn has !Kul taken in, this fami(hed troop have
atracked the tobacco plants, potatoes, hemp, &c.
nothing in (bort has efcaped their voracity.,
