NEW SPAIN.

REPRESENTATION OF THE MOST NOBLE CITY OF
VER.A CRUZ, TO HIS EXCELLENCY THE VICEROY.
4' Town Hall of Vera Cruz, July 22, 1808.
MOST EXCELLENT SEIGNOR

" This Corporation, and all the inhabitants of this
city have, ever since ie arrival of the Ventura, been
plunged into the most inexpressible affliction.
a They have seen in the Gazette, No. 59, of this
capital, published yesterday, copies of the three Ma-
drid Gazettes of the 13th, 17th, and 20th of May, in-
serted, by order of your Excellency, for the informa-
tion of the whole of this kingdom ; and their conster-
nation has reached the highest pitch.
a From the informalities to be remarked in the pro.
test and its ratification, attributed to his Majesty Don
Carlos IV. and in the letter of the Emperor of the
French, said to have been addressed to Seignor D.
Ferdinand the Seventh ; from the alarming con-
tents of all these instruments, and from the series of
the succeeding events, there can be no doubt that
the renunciations of cur unfortunate Princes, which,
even if voluntary, would have been invalid, have been
extorted by extreme violence, and dictated by the im-
perious and irresistible force of necessity.
Oui mother-country, occupied by one hundred
and sixty thousand men, ( who, received as allies and
treated as friends, in return for this generous hospi a-
lity, have seized the fortresses, whence they hold out
the alternative of slavery or death) actually surpriz-
ed, unprovided, and defenceless, cannot, at least at
this moment, generally manifest her resolution, pu-
nish the outrages she has suffered, and combat the
oppression under which she labours.
44 We conceive that New Spain, happy, loyal, brave,
opulent, and the envy of the world, is under the in-
dispensible obligation of preserving for. its natural So-
vereigns or their lawful successors, under our existing
reli:zion, laws, and customs, this precious inheritance
of their august ancestors. ,_"
Vera Cruz, the first settlement on this Continent
which swore allegiance to them-,-loyal, obedient, and
• singularly attached to its Monarchs—is duly impres-
-;Kwirb the unalterable fidelity of your Ex'cellency,
and all the Tribunals of the kingdom ; and its inha-
bitarts are ready t'n sacrifice their lives and property
in siippoyt of the most Sgnified and important un-
der,aking which has ever been presented to the chit-
racteristicallrfaithful hearts of Spaniards.
44 We have accordingly this day, in our own nime,
and in that of all the inhabitants, assures the Mi-
ii:,ary Governor, Don Pedro Alonzo, that he may
confidently rely en our exertions as far as they may
.I?athought necess4ry. for Ole said purpose ; and, mean-
while, *0 Clierlih the hop% that the hand of the AI-

'eam, the Special Protector of Catholic Kings,
blessing the efforts of our patriotism, will deliver the
most innocent Ferdinand from the bonds of captivity,
by one of those means which limited human concep-
tion ought to adore, but is incapable of comprehend-
ing, and that he will be restored to his august throne,
or that he will establish it in this important asylum of.
•
his misfortunes.
66 We feel the highest satisfaction in thinking that,
your Excellency, animated with similar sentiments
and wishes, will make all the exertions that are suited
• your exalted functions and obligations, and by so
doing, immortalize your name in the temple of fidelity.
" This line of conduct, is, in our opinion, not only
prescribed by the inmost sentiments of our ardent loy-
alty, but also by the interest of our captive country,
since, should she deliver herself from the yoke, that
oppresses her, she would be stripped of this valuable
colony, were it in the mean time surrendered to the
Government of the Usurper ; and such surrender
might, perhaps, render abortive all the efforts for ber
deliverance.
Policy, patriotism, character, indignation, alike
summon us to resistance and an heroic defence ;
and posterity, impelled by heartfelt gratitude, will
consecrate the most splendid monuments to the me-
mory of your Excellency, and all the happy and loyal
inhabitants ofNew Spain, whose sentiments, we flatter
ourselves with the most just confidence, are all equally
unanimous, as your Excellency will-be able to con-
vince yourself, if you will be pleased to assemble and
consult their representatives.
" Those of this most faithful city flatter themselves
that your Excellency will receive, with approbation,
this small proof of their ardent zeal, and that, you
will be pleased to communicate to them such instruc-
tions and commands as shall secure the attainment of
their object, and admit them to the greatest possible
share of the glory of attracting the admiration of the
Universe, to the extent of the loyalty of the successors
of the immortal Cortes, and the attachment of the
Americans to their Sovereigns, the more ardent in
consequence .of their being encompassed by misfor-
tunes, and separated from their subjects and domi-
nions.—May GOD preserve your Excellency many
years I"
IFROCLAMATION OF THE VICEROY OBNEW SPAIN.
66 INHABITANTS OF MEXICO !
" The General Junta held on the 9th inst. have
determined that your expectations should be gratified,
as to informing you of the result of their deliberations.
This I am now about to do, and to this you have a
just claim : for the loyal sentiments which you have
displayed towards the King and the mother country
have been most generous and energetic. •
66 Penetrated with the same sentiments, that re-
spectable Assembly over which I preside, impelled by
the warmest and noblest transports, pronounced with
acclamations the name of the young Monarch of Spain,
Seignor Don Ferdinand VII. They continued to re-
peat these acclamations, in the solemn acj of taking
the oaths to his Majesty, to whom they immediately
swore allegiance, proclaiming him King of Spain and
the Indies. They have sworn to acknowledge him
only as Sovereign, and op his demise, his lawful Suc-
cessors of the Royal race of Bourbon. 13y the same
sacred engagement, they have bound themselves not
to yield obedience to any order proceeding from the
nation which oppressively detains them in captivity,
through whatever channel they may be addressed, and
to resist every attempt to execute them by force, and
all treaties or coalitions entered into for that purpose,

until your wishes are completely satisfied.
44 Inhabitants of these dominions, your security is
certain. Repose yourselves on the bosom of your
country. It is my duty to watch over her safety.
The precious task of her defence, confided to me by
the hand of the Monarch himself, will be discharged
to the utmost of my abilities and energies. Though
not unaware of the havoc and carnage aticompanying•
military operations, I will constantly cal/ upon the
GOD of hosts to arm my heart with that valour which
alone is derived from his power for the defence of his
altars, justice, and innocence. The magazine of Mars
contains not weapons more potent.
Your offers are accepted, and all the Members
of the General Junta have.engaged to realize them.
This is considered as a social and sacred obligation,
to be resorted to only in case of necessity.
4, Meanwhile, the tranquillity of the kingdom is
secured ; the constituted authorities are legitimate,
and continue, without any change, in the exercise of
the duties prescribed to them by the laws of their
country,. and their respective offices and dignities.
46 With respect to the external concerns of the
kingdom, I have assured you, that force will be resis-
ted by force, and your valour will then have an op-
portunity of acting,' the noble impulse which animates
it being under due regulation, for military virtue can
have no place amidst unorganized operations. •
6' The capital of these kingdoms, on the first intel-
ligence of the calamities of Spain, and when the risk
was the greatest, applied to me, and earnestly solicit-
ed-that I would take their all into my disposal, in or-
der to the preservation and defence of these domi-
nions, for their Sovereign.
The public papers have already made known the
sentiments and subscriptions of the Municipalities,
Corporations, Prelates,. Nobility, and Commonalty ;
and you are convinced, I have no doubt, that all are
animated with similar sentiments.
" Concentrated in ourselves, we have nothing to
expect from any other Power than the lawful autho-
rity of our Catholic Monarch Seignor D. Ferdinand
VII. and whatever Supreme Juntas may be establish-
ed for the kingdoms in either hemisphere, they shall
not be obeyed, unless they have been instituted, cre-
ated, or formed, by his Majesty or his Representa-
tives, legally and authentically appointed ; but to
those so constituted we will pay the obedience due
to the commands of our King and natural Sovereign,
in the form and manner respectively established by
the laws, royal ordinances, and cedulas.
46 The series and character of the future events,
which may result from the heroic efforts of the Spa.
nish nation, or the attempts and machinations of the
enemy, will doubtless exact ulterior deliberations and
precautions, which will be projected and executed
with the utmost prudence and decorum. In virtue
of my ViCe-Regal authority, I inform you of these
circumstances ; for I love a people so faithful and
loyal, and have ever, as they must have perceived,
thought them worthy of, and entitled to, thesetninu-
nicauen of all intelligence not, in its very nature,
requiring to be kept secret.
0_ Cetera 7t the Royal Palm of Mexico, the LIU' August, lam"

EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Consols, for Jan. 66W_Reduced 6541 66—Omplum 3 1 din.
1 Exchequer Bills, 4s. 6s. prem.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stork 256 Imp. S per Cent. 6443
S per C. Red. 63143 Ercheq. Bills, Is. 65. pr.
4r Cent. 81ii Omnium II "I dis.
Long Ann. 18 Lottery Tickets 221. 19s.
India Bonds, 4s. ss. pr. Consols for arc. 6611 67

Soon after the STAR was put to press yesterday,
the contents of Dispatches received by Government
in the forenoon were suffered to transpire, and diffused
no small degree of joy throughout this capital. We
inserted the intelligence in nearly the whole of our
impression ; but a small part having been printed off,
we insert again the Bulletin that was put in circu-
lation :
