FRENCH PAPERS.

AVM the Messager des Chambres, July 14.
WARSAW, JULY 9.
By a Decree of JUDO 1, his Majesty the Emperor, as a recom-
pense for the services rendered to the kingdom of Poland by his
Imperial Highness the Grand Duke Constantine. has added to the
principality of Lowles, given to his Imperial Highness by the late
Emperor Alexander, the domains of Skieniewics, °Whew, Jess-
wrho and Yampa, which were not included in the original gift;
and granting these domains to his Imperial Highness and his heirs.
The Emperor Nicholas has been pleased to order, that all the debts
to which they are liable should be paid, and that they should be de-
livered to the Grand Duke free from all mortgages.
ODESSA, Jum 22.
Very unfavourable accounts having been received hen respect-
ing the progress of the disease in the Principalities, in which ex-
perienced physicians recognised the characteristics of the plague,
great alarm has been felt here. Effects and old clothes, belonging
to Russian soldiers, having been brought from Varna to Odessa,
infected the Lazarettos; and the magistrates found it neceesary
to adopt all potable measures to prevent the terrible disorder from
spreading. Oo the 19th June orders were given to all vessels in
the port to remove to a certain distance from the mole. AU ship'
.-Abut arrive receive the same injunction- All the effects of the sick
' and wounded have been burnt in the Lazarettos. Hitherto we
have escaped with the fright for the sanitary state of Odessa and
the vicinity is perfectly satisfactory!
From the Journal des Debats;
PARIS, Jute 14. .
M. de Rayneval is /bout to return to Berne, where he will re.
some, after a year's absence, his inactions as Ambassador. We
learn front Toulon that of the few remaining seamen of the Coo.
querant who had not returned to their duty, and who had con-
cealed themselves in the country, seven or eight bad been arrested.
Six of them were the ringleaders, and are to be tried by a Court-
martial. The Provence, commanded by Y. Lab:Moonier% is to
sail to-morrow for Algiers. An interpreter goes with the cam.
wander of the blockading force, which makes it to be *posW,
that before bombarding the place, the negotiation', which- have
been renewed, will be carried on. Nevertheless, the preparations
for the bombardment are making with all possible dispatch; and
during the last three days great activity has been displayed in pre-
paring the bomb vessels, so that at the first signal they will be ready
to proceed to their destination.
The Rem de )'oris contains some curious statistical details of
the manner in which the iniffiard, granted as an indemnity to the
emigrants, bas been appropriated, principally among the members
of the two Chambers. The Commission to carry into execution
the law of April 27th, 1825, not having yet completed its labours,
the official returns cannot be completed till the distribution shall
be wholly finished. But the additions will not be from this time
forward less curious.
From the Constitutionnel.
PARIS, Jinx 14.
It is said that the Emperor Nicholas, during his stay at Berlin,
on the subject of the war, that Rusk would, under no circum-
stances, allow its subjects to be canned off by the Turks, and sold
into slavery; nor its trade on the Black Sea to be subject to the
least impediment; that they might easily come to an understanding
as to the expenses of the war ; and that Russia, should she require
some territory, would get rid of it as speedily as possible. Her
dominions are already so large, that an increase of territory would
be injurious to the interest of the state. According to this state-
ment, it is supposed that Russia will hardly restore to Turkey
Anapa in Europe, and Pod and Achaizik in Asia, where the white
slave trade has been long carried on, hat that she will not incur
porate into her empire Moldavia and Wallachia. The future war
show whether in this case another independent state will be teethed
out of these countries. According to news received by the sow
madam of Belgrade, the Pachs of Caul, agreeably to &seeders
of the Sultan. began his march in the beginning of June. to join the.
army on the Danube. This shows that the Sultan does not appro.
herd an attack on the side of the Pelopennessus. for if he ed he
could not send away the Pasha, whose force amounts to 111.01*
men, including 6,000 Albanians.
From the Gazette de France.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES, Jinx 15.
Oa the‘order of the day for the project of the law relative to
the receipts for the service of the year 1830,
Messrs. Beraud, Bacot de Romans, and several other deputies.
having briefly amused their opinions,
M. J. Witte said, " our taxes amounted to nearly 100,000,000.
The amount is frequently compared to that of a celebrated period.
when the dominion of the continent, and the attainment of bound.
less glory, cost us scarcely 500,000,000. It is tree, that the extra-
ordinary man who then governed us was economical, like Charle-
magne, because, like him, he was great ; but we must also make
this observation—our soldiers were paid by their victories, and
were maintained upon foreign ground; the 200,000,000 which our
misfortunes cost us did nor contribute to swell the amount of the
public debt. Finally, a different system kept out of the budget our
enormous charges.
'• They also compare this amount with that of 500,000,000 which
we discharged under an absolute monarchy; and thence it is mali-
ciously inferred that absolute power is kin dear tbau liberty. Such
the error that prevails—nth the ingratitude towards that revolts-
non of which the causes are affectedly disowrteds notwithstanding
it regenerated our finances as well u our institutions, our laws, and
our manners. If our burdens are in appearance double, in fact
they are not half what they were then. Exclusive of the ailr,ooo,lloo
of the budget, was the expense of the clergy, which deduced the
tithes, contributions arising from the produce of the soil, and more
burdensome than the had-tax. The salukis( the magistracy and
the clime of colkstion were not included in the budget ; the cost
of the public works executed by means of jobs was also defrayed byl
