NOIIIIIII. 7470)

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, %ramose UP 1.
THE PRIPICIPA OFFICERS gf MA..'
JESTra 011)NAINCE,' hersiy yip Naito,
That Proposilindll be received at their Office in
es or before Fridac, the 15th day of Februacy..neXt.fronit ell
persons who may be willing to undertake the sootily of W 001)
liOUPS.for service of this Departmoot for a period of'three years.,
Furti•cr Particulars, with the Terms and Conditions of thy.
Contract, may be known, OD application at the Secretary's Office., ,
aforesail, any day between the hours of tenand '
,torr, ht re the Proposals' must be delivered, sealtii up and en-
Proposals for Wool Hoops; before twelve o'clock -at
noon of the said Isth dayof February next, after which time no
'render can be admitted, neither wiU any.be noticed without the
atteclauce of the party making it or of an Agent in his behalf.
by Orier of the Board, • R. N. CREW, Sateen,.

THE IMPERIAL. ASSOCIATION FOR T.liturU;
RAGEMENT OF TYIE s BRITISH FISH '
Under the Patronage of
His Royal Highness the Prince of WALES, Abed
His
Royal Irligimesstha Duke of Sussts.,asall.
The Rignt Hon; tile Earl ci Moias.
espital aegeoooo, with liberty to etterd the same to any Sum
not exceeding Ode Million.
IN' addl6o/1 to this distinguished Patronage, the
proposed Inltittdow has met with the approval, and will
receive the support OF
Tim ROI Hon. Groans /A oar. M. P.
George Ergs E 59.24 P. John Stanifortb, Esq. M. P.
John Dent; Esq. M. V. • Samuel Whitbread, Esq. M: P.
George Hibberi, Etq. M:14: •J. P. Midst-son, Esq.
Thomas Johan, Esq. M.P. Henry-Davidson, Esq.
Fi:hard Sharp, Est JAI, P. John Pearse, Esq.
As well as the fu Gentlemen who have heel appointed
a Committee to °spinner the Constitution of the company, and
se carry the same intio ezennlie, With poser, to admit such o:her
Gentlemen to be Membirealweeof, as may he of service to. the
Company:
Henry Bonham, Asq„ M. Z.
William Janice, Esq.
Charles Grant, Esq. M. P. Lewis Lloyd, Esq.
Huskisson, Esq. M. P. Win. Mitchell, Esq,
John Rainshottom. Esq. M. P. Thos. Win. Phinuneri Esq..
Abhoit, Itsq. Rev. David.T. Powell, A. Ms-
John Collett, Esq. Thomas Reid,lsq.
William Christie, En. John Peter Roach, Esq.
John Daubeny, L.l'.. D. Wm. Tooke Robinson, Esq.
'llamas &dada, Esq. James Ramsay, Esq.
3nlin Ade, En. Rev. Thos. Stephens, D. D.
Rot. Joseph Forums, A. M. Henry Smith, Esq.
I'c:ter Free, Ent George Silk, Esq.
J. Huron,YAsi, James Soret, Esq.
John Irina, Esq. Whiter Rods:ell Wright, Esq.
Ike Public are,respeetfully informed, that nubseription Books
for tablas the above Capital, are WAY open at the following

Bakers:-:-
Messrs:Down, Thornton, Free and Down,
Mears. lours, Lloyd and Co.
Messrs. Ramebottoms, Newntaa, Ratusbouom and Co.
Messrs. Child and Oft
Messrs. Heesjea, Farquhar and Co.
rrespeetous °fella great national Insticution may be obtained
w the .abeve Bankers, and at Messrs. Fortune and Evades,
Lewes 1 Itaramoaareet.

TOMORROW„ THE 4TII.
CZWIFT. and Co, joint Contractors for the present
1-1 STATE LOTTERY, respectfully inform the Public, that 1
the Draining wiV Wei* and finish TO-MORROW, the 15th, ea
which Day Two Hundred Thunsand Porta& wilt be distributed
in Prizes, including Four ef tsopoe, besidus 40 other Capitals
as under, and no Prize kss than AVG,
• 4 of A 20,000 of .E 1,000
I
• • 2,000 SO 50,)
Tiskets aud Shares are Strung at SWIFT and Co.'s Offices,
/re. 11, POULTRY,
No. CHARING-CROSS, •
N0.'31, A I,I)OATE HIGH-STREET.
Afro by their Agents in most of the principal Towns.

This day woe published, prise 51s. 6d.
THE KNIGHTOF SNOWDOUN ; a Musical
Drams, in Throe Acts, as it Is performed with universal
applause at the THILATRE-ROYAL, COVEN'r;OARDEN,
By THOMAS MORTON, Esq.
London: Printed for Sharpe and Hailes, opposite Albany,
Piceadilty.
-- - - -

TO OFFICRIti OF ml RMY.—MESS-MAN.
WANTS a Situation, as Mess-Man, a person, pro-
feshionalit a Cook—can give undeniable reference to the
Reg; tenr he has left..-Any letters, addressed to A. B. for Mr.
Culltns, Prince of Wales's Coffee-house, Conduit-street, Bond-
street, wil be punctually attended to.

'CO SOLD EY PRIVATE. CON IRAC
And entered upon at Lady-day next,
A FREEHOLD. INN, called the LION and
LAMB,which f& 'situation is not excelled in the Borough
of Leicester, fronting to the Market Place, the G:dlowtreegate,
and the Beast Market, with Stabling for upwards of fbrty Horses.
Ihe whole is now in the occupation of Mr. White, the owner,
alki is a principal Waggoner and Travelers Inn.
For further particulars atul to treat for the Estate, together
e. :h the possession, the Stock-of Wine, Ale, Liquors, Etc. en-
tr..ire of Mr. White, or.of Mr. Elwyn, Surreyor, Leicester.

TO BE I.ET BY AUC TION,
rorsuant to an Order of the High Court of Chancery, made in a
Cause, wherein his Majesty's Attorney-General is Informant,
and the Mayor, 1 urata, and Commonatty of Hastings and
another are Defendants, in four seiarate Lets, for a term of
fourteen years,
N ESTATE, consisting of 11 SA. OR. 22P. of
Aratle and Paiture Land, situate within two miles of the
Twan at Handrige, belanzing to a• Charity established fur the
e:ucation of Poor Children in the said Team of Hastings, on
Saturday the 6th day of Merck Intl, at the Swan Inn, Hastings,
at 3 beet 0'..30ck In.tbe Afternoon.
Particulars may be tad, gratis, at. Muter Alexander's Chem-
bers, Southampton bulldings, Chancery-lane; of Messrs. William
and Richard Whitton, Great James-street, Bedford-row ; Mews.'
Lykes and Eatowla, Solicitors, New Inn, London; at the Swan
lan, Hastings;.the George, Rye; and of Mr. C..rey, Town Clerk.
of Hastings.

•
ALBENIARLE-STREET, and OLD BOND-STREET.
FREEHOLD SPACIOUS FAMILY RESIDENCE. and ELI-
tIBLE MUSE and MOP,: fta OLD BOND-STREET,
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION—By Mr. ROBINS,
At Gerrawa Co/lee-house, OD Thursday, Febi nary Slat, at
Twelve, in One I.ot,
A CAPITAL FREEHOLD ESTATE, com-
prising a very substantial and desirable spacious Family
Roidence, situate No. 12, on the East side of Albemarle-street,
planned foe the accommodation of a family of distinction, eon-
violas six Sleeping-moms and Clotgets on the upper floor; the
second storey, fuse -Capital Bed-chambers, with Closets, two
neessing-rooms, and a Water•closet; first floor, a spacious and
elegant Dr.twing-room, about SS feet by t.).S, handsomely hnish-
ed, a back D.rawitig-soom, excellent bed-Chamber, Dresslng-
Tenni, and Water-closet; ground door, a spacious paved . En-
trance-hall, Breakfast-room, Dining-parlour, with Recess Li-
brary, and Water closet; principal and secondary taircases;
the ba.ement story citittai..s an eatensive Range of Servants'
(Aces, surtabee for a larse estabiistinntat,ou open airy Yard ah the i
beck; also those eligible Premises adjottarg, at the East end.
and in frost of Old Bond-stress:, comprising a compact Devell-
lai-house, and a apaciaus roomy Shop and Warehouse, in posses-
sion of Alas-s`l3r.toks and Co.
To he viewed by tickets. Partleulsreon the premiss; of E.
Sherikeed., Esq Solicitor, Groat itussell.strcet, Bloomsbury; at
Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robins Nif.orwicksotiorArGeldeal.4F4el
of whom tickets for *wing bs*"
.

CAPITAL LIVE .INTEREST, upwards of ONO 149U5A441)
POUNDS per annum, issuing from GRQUND RENTS, and
highly Improvable Property, HIGIBUR/-PLACE aPd TER-
RACE, and LAND adjoining.
By Mr. ROBINS,
At Garnway's, on Thursday, Fiebeistacy 21, at,112,110 Qqe'Lot,.by
order of the Assignees of *sags. Pavrea and Noble,
THE Valuable au4 IMPROVEABLt PRO-
PERXY, Issiiing from" Ground Rents and imprbved Rents,
In Highbury-place;Highbury Terrace; and Meadow Land adjoin-
ing, near Islington, only one mile front London ; the present Rent
asssoontiog to upwards of XlOllO per. annum; held for the Ws of,
John Dawes, Esq. a healthy Gentlemao, aged ,57 years ; the pre-
sent Rental of the Estate amounting to upwards of £6OOO per an-
num ; and as the Leases fall in they bezome the Property of the
Purchaser daring the Life.
Particulars at the late Bauklng-bouse of Messrs. Dawes, Nuille,
and Co. Pall,Mall ; of Messrs. Stott apd Elamite, New-square,
Lincoln's Inn; at Oarraway's ; anti of Mr. Robins, Warwick-
street, Golden-square. • - -• • _

CAPITAL PLANTATIONS in dee ISLAND of GRENADA,
SPOON'S HALL, or SPOONER'6 HALL, in the Parish of
St. MARK, containing 43Z Acres, with Messuages and neces-
sary Buildings, and about too Negroes on the Estate.
By Mr. ROBINS,
At Garraway's Coffee House, 'Change-alley, Cornhill, on Thurs-
day, the 21st February, at i 2 o'Lloch, in One Lot, by Order
of the Asslgitees of Mr. Jolt n Dawes,
THREE undivided 'TENTH SHARES of the
-1- capital Plantation, spoon's Hall or Spooner'. Hall, situate
in the parish of St. Mark, in the Island of Grenada, containing
482 Acres, be the, same more tar less, with the Messuages, Houses,
Store and Cuting-houses, MiUs, Buildings, and other erections
thereon, and the Negroes on the Plantation, amounting to about
one hundred.
Particulars may be had at the late Banking house of Messrs.
Dawes, Noble and Co. Pall Mali; of Messrs. Scott and Blarnire,
Seliciters. Lino), is Inn ; at Gallaway's, and of Mr. Robins,
Wet lekkisest, Qoideolquare.

JVER.NMINT TONTINE ANNUITII4,,I/810,Fintt Claes;
Irish Tontirre of 1775; Lord Cork's Tontine of 1789; and
Shares in the Mines Royal Copper Company.
By Mr. ROBINS,
At Oarraway's, on Thursday, Feb. 111, at Twelve, In Lots, by
Order of the Assignees of Messrs. Dawes, Noble, and Co.
"POUR Original. SHARES in the Government
TON riNe. ANNUITIES of the Year 1:89, with the bene-
fit of Survivorship, the interest arising therefrom payable half-
yearly. One valuable Share in the Irish Tontine of I77ti, the in-
terest arising therefrom payable half-yearly in London, producing
£7 per cent. per annum, clear pf all detiuctions, with the beuefit
of survivorship, One Sharel in Lord Cork's Tontine of t 789, of
the First Class,produeing £6 per lent. per annum, with the be-
nefit of survivorship. Seven Shard in the valuable Concerti the
Mines Royal Coppergompang.
Particulars may be had ten clays previous to the sale, at the
late Banking-house of. Mess'''. Dawes, Noble, and Co. Pall-mall ;
of Messrs. Scutt and Blamire, Lincoln's inn ; at Garraway's; and
of Mr. Robins, Warwick-street, Golden-square.

Licit INTEREST in the FUNDS, SHARES in the GLOBE
INSURANCE, London Mill Company, New Theatre Royal,
Covent-Garden. Rcversionary and Contingent hate:este, sod
Life Interest Is an Estßy ate at Peckham.
Mr. ROBINS,
Garraway's, on Thursday, February al, at Twelve, In I ots,
by Order of the Aisigpees of Messrs, Dawes, Noble, and co.
9 'HE LIF.E INTEREST4JOHNDAWES,Esq.
A. aged 57 years, to the Dividends no £6550rl I s 10d. Three
"per Cent. Consols, and to the Dividends on £3744 ISt. 3d. Three
Ceat. Reduced, vested in Fruiters of the first respectability..
.An undivided Share in the TO arising fro= part of the Naviga-
tion of the River Wye, producing upwards of £lOO per annum,
payable half-yearly in Loudon. Sixteen Shares in the Globe in-
surance Company, a rising and profit able concern. 'lwenty Shares
in the Loudon Mill Company. One Share in the New Thea•re
Royal, Covent Garden, producing a clear 425 per annual, and a
free admission to the 'llteatre. Q contingent interest Intwo se
veral Legacies of £3OO and £2OO. The Life Interest of the said
John. Dawes, Esq. in an Estate at Peckham'
.. the rental of which
is £BO par annum, and the produce of the lanckax ou
Particulars may be had ten days previous to the sale, at the la--
banking-house of Messrs. Dawes, Noble, and Cu. Pall Mall ;of
Messrs. Scott and Blamire, Solicitors, Lincoln's Inn ; at (Jaffa-
way's; and of Mr. Robins.

ELKS' fLtLE COPYHOLD
HAMPSTEAD, ESTATB, NNW hNIJ-aQUARA,
MIDDLESEX.
• By Mr. ROBINS,
At GarraWay's, on Thursday, Februlry 21st, at 12, In Two Lots,
by order sit the Assignees of Messrs. DARES, NOILE, and Co.
A N eligible COPYHOLD ESTATE, delight-
.l- A. hilly situate in New Eud-square, Hampstead; command-
ing most extensive and beautiful Views.
Lot 1. Comprises a desirable Dwelling•house, in the occopa.
Lion of, and on Lease to, Mr. icing, of which two years and a
half mere unexpired at Christmas last; containing on the upper
floor, three excellent Attics,.two capital Bed-rooms and Dress-
ing-room; on the first floor, a spacious' Entrance-hall, capital
Sitting- room ; on the ground floor, convenient Offices in the
3asement, adjoining; and communicating with the House Is an•
other Building, containing five Rooms,
roua neat Fore-Co
Enh-
-
trance, an excellent piece of Garden-gnd, detached W
house, Coach-house, and two-stall Stable.
Lot '2. An eligible brick-built Dwelling-house, conveniently
plarned for the accommodation of a Family, with a Pleasure-
ground in front, and good Garden at one side ; and opposite to
the House is a piece of Ground, occupied as a Kitchen garden,
in which is an excellent Spring of Water, late in the occupation
of Mr. Bensley.
To be viewedby leave of the Tenants; Particulars on the Pre-
mises; at the lite Banking-house of Messrs. Dawes, Noble oral
co. ;of Messrs. Scott and Blamire, New-equate:LiWarwicn-
-
coln's Inn • at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Rub k
street. Golden-square.

I. OAK. •11M13ER.
Early in March next, in Lo s,
'OUR THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED and
SEVENTY-1•OUR OAK TREES, now standing on the
waste of the Maaor of Fmmfield. And
Kra TF.EN HUNDRED and THIRTY-SIX OAK TREES,
sow standing on parts of Ashdown Forest, called Duddle.sweld
and the Vatchery, in Mareafield.
• The whole of this Timber is within a few miles of Lewis, or
of the Upper Ouse Navigation.
Robert Driver, of Framleld, and Thomas Funnel!, of the
Vatchery, will show the above Timber, and furnish pa:molars
of the Lots in which it will be sold.
particul be known, on application to Messrs
Further
Hoper and Son, at Lewes Lewis; may
or Mr. Thomas Markwick, at Chaney.
N. Aity. 41114 gist elAsle will Pe "olio* a *tore
Earl:* .
•
•

SUSS&

:

LONDON GAZETTE tteIiAORDINARY.
WEDNESDAY routuAirr is.

DOWNING STREET, FEBILIJ ARY Is.
A Dispatch, of which the following Is an Extract, has been this
day received by the Earl of Liverpool, one of his Majesty's
Principal Secretaries of State. from R. T. Farquhar, Esq. a:4:d
Port Louis, !de of France, Docember 7, 181 0.
I have the honour to inform your Lordship, that
on the sth instant I assumed the Goveromel.t of these
islands, under the unction and authority of a Com-
mission issued by the Right Hon. the Governor Ge-
neral of India in, council.
I beg leave tome-Ter your Lordship t. Vice Admi-
ral Bertie and the Hon. Lieutenant General Aber-
crombie for tte. most correct account of the naval and
military operations*, the success of which has added
a most important co:any to the dominions of his Ma-
e sty , and wrested from the enemy one of his most
destructive means of annoying the British commerce
so the eastward of the.. Cape of Good Hope.
It is my intention to,provide for the administration
of the Isle of France and its dependencies, until his
Majesty's further pleasure, shall .be know!), oil the
lame principles as were adopted acal the surrender of
BourboN as the arrangerneny which I provisir:nally
made there have met with the entire approbation of
the Right Honourable the Governor General in
Council.
I:have to assure your Lordship, that through the
able and judicious arrangements made by the Hon.
Lieutenant General Abercrombie, the transfer of the
Government has been effected in perfect tranquillity,
and, I am happy to add, that the inhabitants have al-
ready ample reason to rejoice at a transition from a
state bordering on famine .and slavery to the blessings
of abundance and liberty which are enjoyed by all
those who have.the happiness to live under British
protection.
I have the honour to inclose to your Lordship, a
copy of the Proclamation which I have issued with a
view to conciliate the minds of the inhabitants, until
some more permanent arrangements can be effected.
Transktion of a Proclamation issued in the name of his Majesty
George the Third, King of the United Kingdom of Great Bei.
tails and Ireland.
Whereas his most Gracious Majesty the King has taken under
his Government the Isle of France. These are to make known
to all the Inhabitants of the said colony, Europeans, Creoles,
Planters, Merchants, &e. &c. that the regulations-hitherto obser-
ved in the Civil Administration of Justice, and of the Police, will
be preserved. The Laws and CUMOIII3 also which are now in
force will be observed.
The private property of the Inhabitants will be strictly pmtee-
ted ; and they are Invited to bring to market as usual the various
produce of their plantation: and gardens, The English are come
to establish a firm and perpetual friendship with the inhabitants
of the Isle of France, who will have the means of disposing of
their rnercbandize on the most favourable terms, and who will
enjoy all the commercial advantages of the other subjects of his
Itiaji,sty. Another Proclamation hereafter to be promulgated,
will explain the arrangenleots to be observed in the different De-
partments of the Government. It will at the name time detail the
conditions and cases in which permission to trade will be granted.
Every individual is &acted to continste till further orders to fel-
-1 his respective duty, earl to obey the orders of his superiors.—
AU public orders, and generally all public affairs, of whatever na-
ture, will be issued and transacted in the name of his Britannic
Majesty. Goo save the King.
Port Louis, Isle of France, Dee. 5, 1810.
R. T. FARQ wawa, acting Governor of the Isles of
France, Bourbon,and their Dependencies.

By Order,
A. Battey, Chief Secretary to the Government.
This Proclamation shall be registered and printed.

ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, FEB. 19.
Lieutenant Cator, acting as commander of his Majesty's sloop
the Otter, arrived here this morning with dispatches from
Vice-Admiral Bode Commander in Chief of his Majesty's
ships and vessels at the Cape of Good Hope, to John Wilson
Croker, Esq. Secretary to the Admiralty, of which the follow.
ing are copies.
Afticalne, in port Louis, isle of France,
December 6, 1810.
SIR—I have the honour to announce to you, for
the information of their Lordships, the capture of the
Isle of France and its Dependencies, comprehending
the extirpation of the naval force of the enemy in
these seas, and the subjugation of the last remaining
colonial territory of France.
By my communication addressed to you on the
12th of October last, and forwarded to England by
the Otter, from Bourbon, I had the honour to ac-
quaint you, that I was on the point of resuming the
blockade of the Isle of France ; I accordingly arrived
off this port on the 19th, and finding the whole of
the enemy's ships in the harbour, and two only appa-
rently in a state of forward equipment, I left Cap-
tain Rowley, with the Boadicea, Nisus, and Nereide
(late la Venus, captured by Commodore Rowley,)
to watch the movements of the enemy ; ane having
previously detached the Ceylon and Staunch to
convey the division of troops trom Bourbon to Rod-
riguez I proceeded with the Commander of the for-
ces, (Major-General the Honcurable John Aber-
comby), who had embarkel in theAfricaine, towards
that anchorage. On the 24th 1 was joined by Rear
Admiral Drury, with a division of his squadron, viz.
Russell, Clorinde, Doris, Phston, Bucephalus, Cor-
nelia and Hesper, and taking under my orders for
the time being the Rear-Admiral with the ships un-
der his command, I was enabled to strengthen the
blockading squadron, by detaching the Cornelia and
Hesper for that purpose; and with the others made
all sail In- Rodriguez, where the squadron arrived
on the Sd of November,.and found lying there the
division of troops from Bombay ; on the Gth arrived
the division from Madras, under convoy of the
Psyche and Cornwallis. On the Bth Rear-Admiral
Drury sailed with the Russel, Phaton, and Buce-
phalus, to resume his command in India ; on the
12th arrived the division from Bourbon under con-
voy of the Ceylon.
The diviions from Bengal and the Cape not ar-
riving by the 2Jtb, the season being so far advanced,
and the anchorage (surrounded by reefs) by no Means
secure, more particularly for so large a number of
ships, I determined on weighing with the whole fleet
on the morning of the 22d, proposing the convoy
• The Dispatch, containing alit *UMW If OA allikiarl °Pm'
*As has sot yet beep receive&
• • -
, .. ...

.
should cruize to windward -until joined by one or
other of the divisions. Very fortunately, intelligence'
was received on the night of the.2lst that the Be., 101
division, under convoy of the Illustrious, was in the
offintz. General Abercromby deemed it, as well as
myself, adviseable they should not anchor; but that;
having communicated with the convoy, and giver'
them such supplies as they might essentially regales.*
we shotild proceed to the attack of the Isle of France,
without waiting the junction of the trorips• expected
from the Cape. The whole A .et acc.2rdingly weioh-
edlrom the anchorage, and on the morning 4 dig
29th bore up for the point (1 debarkation it had bleed
determined to occupy in Grande Baye, about twelve
miles to windward cf Port Louis, Where the Aki,
caine leading in, and the several ships of war follow-
ing with the convoy, according to a pfevirs arrange-
mem, the whole fleet was at anchor by ten o'clock
A. M.; consisting of nearly seventy sail; and the
army, with their artillery, stores, and ammunition,
the several -detachments of marines serviog in thi
squadron, with ;large body of seamen, disembadced
the same day, without a single loss or accident ; 4.
division of ships still maintained a virrons blockade' '
i of the port ; another division remained for 'the pro-
tectiNNCtireeilvey ex.the anshosaguaqiia thirat;
tinder my more immediate COVIIRI4IId, 111dtelilieri
• station as circumstances-required, to keep up a more i
effectual communicidotf with the army as it advanced,
I and which was dependent for its-supplies of provisions
and stores wholly on the resources of the navy. -
On the 2d inst. the Governor-General, De Caen,
proposed terms of Capitulation, and, commissioners
being appointed on either side, a, capitulation wad
signed and ratified on the morning of the 3d inst. a;
the British head-quarters, a copy of which I have this
honour to transmit for their Lordships' information.
In a combined operation of this nature, the ulti:
mate success of which mist essentially, in a great de.
,rtree, be made to depend upon a zealous and.emula.
flive co-operation and support through each gradation;
I and in the present instance, where these features have
been so eminently conspicuous in every rank, and izi
every situation and circumstance, the., ecommendation
of particular individuals to their Lordships' mow '
immediate notice mi.; he deemed superfluous.
It is however, from a sense of justice, that I record
the services of Captain Beaver, t.f his Majesty's ship
Nisus, whom I intrusted with. the superintendance of
the whole arrangements for the disposition' and de-
barkation of the army, and whose abilities anal expe-
perience on similar occasions particularly qualified
him to undertake this important outy.. Nor should I I
omit to bear testimony to the unweaned eteitions of
Captain Patterson, cf his Majesty's' ship. Helper, ard
of Lieuteivtnt B. Street, commanding thegovernmeat
armed ship Emma, who were employed' for many
successive nights in ,sounding, and, as it has been
proved, gained a perfect knowledge of the anchorage
on the enemy's coast, and who were equally strenuous
in their services in various ways on shore.
I beg also to recommend to their Lordships' notice
Lieutenant. Edward Lloyd, who volunteered his ser- •
vices under the immediate eye of the Commander of
the forces, and in this, as well as many former in-
stances, has received the most honourable testimonies
•
of his gallantry.
I have the honour to transmit the copy of a letter
addressed to me by Captain Montague of the Royal
Navy, who commanded the Ist division of the seamen
landed, as well as two extracts from General OrderS
issued at headquarters. From the absence of some of
the ships, I have not been able to collect the returns of
the number of marines and seamen landed, or of the
loss; but I have the satisfaction to know it has been
very inconsiderable.
The return of shipping, as correctly stated as I
have yet-been able to collect it, I have the honour to
inclose. Various cons.derations have impelled me to
dispatch the Menelaus with the least delay possible,
and having intrusted these communications to the
care of Captain Rowley, who will be the bearer of
them to their Lordships, I beg to refer their Lord-
ships to him for every further particular, and to add
that his long and arduous services on this st ttioa have
established a just claim to any honourable distinction
it may please their Lordships or the country to be-
stow on him.—l have the honour to be, &c.
- (Signed) A. BERTIE.
A List of Ships and Vessels of War present at and rsosting is
the Capture of the Isle of France.
Afrlcalne. Captain Graham, acting; Vice-Admiral Berde ; B.
strious, Captain Broughton ; Boadicea, Captain Rowley; Nieto,
'Captain leaver; Cornwallis, Captain Caulfield; Clorlnde, Cap-
tain Briggs; Cornelia, Captain Edgele ; Dons, Captain Lye ;
Nereide, Captain Heutlerson, acting ; Psyche, Captain •Edgcumbe ;
Ceylon, Captain Torokinson, acting ; Hesper, Captain Paterson ;
Hecate, Captain Rennie, acting ; Eclipse, Captain Lynne, acting ;
Emma, Government armed ship, Captain Street, acting; Staunch
gun-brig, Lieutenant Craig, acting ; Egremont, Government
sloop, Lieutenant Eorder; Farquhar, Mr. Hervey, M*.idshipniati ;
Monde; Plushy, Captain Hallyer ; Acton], Loed Viscous'
Neville. . 11, 111T11.
We, the undersigned, Major-General Henry Warde,
and Commodore Josias Rowley, nominated on the
part of his Britannic Majesty, by Vice-Admiral Al-
hemarle Bertie, Commander in Chief of his Majesty's
ships and vessels employed at the Cape of ,Good
.Hope, and the Seas adjacent, and Lieutenant-Gene-
ral,
the Hon. John Abercrombie, Commander of his
Majesty's forces on the one part ; and Martin Van-
dermaesen, General of Division, Member of the Le-
gion of Honour; and Commandant of the troops of ,
his Imperial and Royal Majesty the Emperor of
France, at the Isle of France, and 'Zr. Victor Dii-
prere, Capitaine de Vai'sseau of his Imperial• and
Royal Majesty, nominated on the part of Charles de
Caen, Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour, Ge-
neral
of Division, Captain-General of the French Set- i
dements to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Howie
on the other part ; being severally and respectively
armed with full powers to settle a treaty for the cape-
tulation and surrender of tae Isle of France, and all
its Dependencies, to the arms of his Britannic Mae
jesty, do agree as follow :
Art. 1. The land and sea forces Officers, subalterns, sell Ft+
IMSS EIS salt ors sensibod sr piisene,rs.of war. Teis mrt
;
.; . •
• . _.

_

, '
