• .
This morning the Loan DEPUTY sat for Appeals, when " Hagart
v. the. Lord President of the Court of Session" was affirmed with
2001. costs in each Xppeal, b►ing 4001. in the whole.
" Richardson and others v. Flay and others," from the same
Court, was then proceeded with, when Mr. Alcartar was heard
for the appellants, Mr. Waiegas and Mr. TATZ for the respondent,
and Mr. Muta.►v in reply.—Judgment on Tuesday.
At half-past four the Loan CIIANCILLOR entered the House. '
The Earl of DICRBY said he held in his hand a Petition &not
the Inhabitants of the Town of Bolton-le-floors, in the County
Palatine of Lancaster. who prayed that a Lill nor at present in this
House, but in progruss from the oth.:r liouse, for the better llecov•.:ry
of Small Debts, or any ether measure likely to facilitate the reco-
very of such debts, might he favourably received by their Lord-
ships. The prayer of this Petition, the Rubio Earl added, had his
most hearty assent. The same Noble Earl °Use' vcd that he was
now about to present to their Lordships a Petition of quite-a
dif-
ferent nature, and in the prayer, of which be could not ettiscien-
tiotisly agree. It was a Petition from the Town of Liverpool"
against a certain Bill for providing further accommodation to the
Judge; on that Circuit.; and it also prayed that the Assizes might
not be removed. For himself he begged to state that although he
had felt it his duty to present the Prtaiim, he could not concur in
it, as Ike was confident, on the contrary, that the measure would be
in reality an improvement, and he trusted that should it pass the
Petitioners would themselves be first benefited by it.
Mr. DAVENPORT, Mr. AlticriAT, Mr. PORTMAN, and Mr. S.
Woiierr, brought up a Bill for, Lighting and Paving the Town of
Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and al.° some
Road Bills, which were afterwards read a first time.
The Earl of SD 21 FIT.S-Bfill Y presented a Petition against the
Plymouth improvement Billovhich, upon: the motion of the Noble
Earl, was referred to the Committee on the Bill.

The Postage Rates Bill and the Worthing Chapel Bill were re-
spectively'read a third time, pasied, and sent to the other House.
Upon the motion of the Earl of Snarrrsarns, the LTrion Duties
Repeal Bill wes read a second time, and then ordered to ba com-
mitted for to-morrow.
Soon after five o'clock their Lordships adjourned till.ten o'clOck
to-morrow morning, when the LORD Dernry will proceed with the
appeal of ". Cunningham- v. Warner."
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Leave was given to bring in a Bill for the establishm
Equitable Loan Bank in the City-of London.
A Petition was presented from the Notaries Public of Dumbar-
tonshire against the Ta on Notaries' Licenses. •
Similar Petitions were presented from the Notaries of Perth and
Cupar.—Ordered to be printed..
Mr. F. LEWIS piesented a Petition from an Inhabitant of Ban-
gor, praying to be relieved from the Duty on Charcoal.—Ordered
to lie on the table.

of an

A Petition was presented from Nuneaton, praying for the Repeal
of the Window Duty.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir C. I'AGET presented 'a Petition from the Licensed Vic-
tuallers of the Town of Caruarvon, against the additional Duty on
Excise Licenses.
A similar Petition was presented from the Parish of St. Mari,
Bristol.—Ordered to lie on the t-bie. _

Captain GORDON presented a Petition &eta the Attornies of
Aberdeen against the Max on Attornies' Licenses.—Ordered to !ie
on the table. _

Mr. MARTIN presented a Petition from certain Inhabitants of
the Parish of St. James, praying that some effectual steps might be
taken to prevent Cruelty to Animals.—Ordered to lie on the table.
On the motion of Sir T. Lxviinatocit, Returns were ordered of
the amount of tonnage, number of ships clearing.out, &c. &c. front
the variuusports ofEngland and Ireland in the years 1811 and
Mr. P. kIOORF, presented a Petition from the Boot and Shoe-
makers of Bath against the Combination Laws.
A similar Petition wits presented from the town and neighbour-
hood of Rochdale, in the County of .Lancaster.—Referred to the
Artisans' Committee.
The same Ilonourable Member presented a Petition from an
individual of the City of Coventry, cosnplaining of the great-hard-
shipS arising from the Combination Laws.—Referred to the Arti-
sans' Committee.
Mr. S. RICE proscnted a Petition from an Association in the
county of Tipperary, respecting the state of the Irish Poor,
The same Hon. Member presented a Petition from the inhabit-
ants of St. Mary, Dublin, az,:itibt the local taxation of the said city. '
—Ordered to be printed.
Lord BI NNIN Gl:resented a Petition from the Notaries of Had-
dington against the litiornies' lie&s..s.—Ordered to br printed.
Petitions were presented front the Inhabitants of Malvern and
Tichborne against slavery.—Ordered to lie on-the table.
Mr. S. RICE gave notice that on the Bth of April he should
move for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the Coin ts of Petty
Session in Ireland.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a Petition front certain pr: ion;
connected with the Port of London, praying that West of Elyland
Coals may be subjected to the same duties as-sea /mine Coals.—
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GOUL BURN obtained leave to bring in a Nil' to amend-an
Act passed last Session respecting County 'freasurtrs.
The Irish Records Bill was read a Erst time, end orde:ed to be
read a second time on Monday.
Sir T. ACLA ND presented a l'etit.in from Eft acombe, in De-
vonshire, against the duty on Coals certied coastwise. The
Member presented several Petitions to the same effect from various
other places in the same county.—Ordrred to lie on the table.
The Report of ahe Irish Foer Per Cents. Bill was received, and
the Lill md-2red to be-read a thir,t tine :0-morrow.
Mr. lIUMI puatponed his motion .relative to Slate Quarries
iu Wales, until tie had an or puritaiity of examining suns corre-
spondence relative thereto.
Int. Secretary PRIM ineveil tile Order of the'Day for the third
reading id the 13tirial in Ireland Lill.
Mr. 111;MB.thought it V:AS a measure of so much importance.
that It would be better to pottpoue the third rtaditii; tor eight or
