NORTHIThiagRLAND ELECTION:

TCLIMILK PARTICULARS.
--m0m....

ALWISME, THIMMEAT, jute a, (sass all).
At three O'clock the poll was finally closed, when the'
numbers were declared by the High S.aeriff as follows. 4
1.161
Ben • Ina
Braman 1a35
and the election was then announced to have devolved
upon the Hon. H. T. Liddell and Matthew Bell, El.
as Knights of, the Shire to represent the County of
Northumberland in the ensuing Parliament.
Mr. LIDDELL then came forward, and was loudly
cheered. He said that the day was at length at rived—
the proud hourat length come, which he had so lung
expected and hoped for—when he stood before them as
one of the Representatives of this great County in Par-
liament by the choice of a fret people. (Applause) The
race had been fairly run—the prize fairly gained, and
won with honour. He had been for a ome fluctuated
by the waves of hopes, anxiety, and depression ; but
now he was rewarded for all his anxieties, though he
knew they were little compared with those which were
about to follow, when it should be the labour of his
life, the aim of his most constant and strenuous efforts,
to show that he was not undeserving the confidence of
1562 independent freeholders of Northumberland.—
(Applause.) With regard to the late events of this most
extraordinary contest, he should dwell but little. How-
ever, if any man asserted that he bad conspired against
the independence of the county, he would tell that which
was untrue, and a foul libel upon his character. There,
in the face of the county, be (Mr. Lid-dell) d elated he
never had done so; and it was not until the third day of
the contest that he heard et several Gentlemen" having
determined to divide their voles between him and Mr.
Beaumont--a fact of which he was previously and en-
tirely ignorant : so much for the charge of combination.
Were it not for the current of povular feeling in his
behalf, he should not now stand before them the object
of their choice ; indeed, he would at any time rather
have died than conspired in any degree against their
independence. He came forward avowing his support
of the present Administration, because he admired their
principles, and believed the Government composed of
just, able, and honourable men. He loved his King,
and was therefore unhappy for any cause which had for
a moment separated the Testy interests of this county.
Whatever was this cause, how, or by whom provoked,
with whom originating, still the county had set its
stamp upon two Tory Members to act together in its
Concerns. For his own part, he had only to declare,
that in the promotion of their local interests he should
always be happy to act with cordiality and harmony
with his present colleague; and if he did not do so, the
fault should not be his—(Applartse).-8o long, hos -
ever, as he bore with him the good opinion of the
county, he should continue to tender his services, and
strain every nerve to maintain his station among them
—(Applause).
Mr. Bum. next addressed the freeholders, and was
also cheered. He said that he laboured under feelings of
gratitude which overpowered and prevented him from
returning thanks as he should wish, for their assistance'
and support. They were all aware, that w hen he was
on the last occasion elected their representative, he was
prevented by a severe domestic calamity from attending
to his parliamentary duties. He could assure them, how-
ever, on the present occasion, that they would find him
watchful of their agricultural and commercial interests
in his place in the House of Commons, supporting their
independence while he maintained his own—(tkeers).
Nis honourable colleague would always find him teady
to co-operate for their local interests, and if not with
that cordiality which the temper and particular acrimony
of this contest must have interrupted, still, he trusted,
with that good feeling which, as long as he lived, be
should always be ready to bestow upon the consideration
of any matters connected with their welfare—(.4p.
plause).—ln conclusion, he hoped that the utmost bar.
mony would pervade the approaching ceremony (the
chairing) which yet remained to be performed,—he
hoped, in good order and fellowship.
Mr. BEAUMONT was also applauded. IL had now
to address them for the last time before the elapse of,
probably, a considerable period. In this contest there
had been much of contending feelings, much of arduOus
struggles, much of differences among men who were
before of a united party;—these circumstances imposed
sore than ordinary difficulty upon the presiding officer
lee compose and allay the angry feelings which burst
from within and wi hout. The Sheriff had uniformly
maintained order; in no case had he swerved from hi,
duty; but, in all, set a good example, by studying
equally the comforts and convenience of all the candi-
Idetes he had always decided impartially, and pre-
sided with dignity. With reference to what had oc-
curred during the contest, he (Mr. Beaumont) would
not lay much stress upon the cause of his own defeat.
He meant, therefore, only to say in a word, that he
attributed his defeat wholly to the Whigs of Northum-
berland. It was for them to answer to their country for
having contributed to place in the representation a
Gentleman excellent in private life (Mr. Bell), but who
was directly opposed to Whig principles. It was for
them to answer to their country for having put down
the only one of three candidates who maintained poli-
tical principles similar to their own, in order to raise
up, as a representative for the county, one who main-
tained opinions diametrically opposite. They had called
meetings to consider the prop sety and necessity of re
form, and yet they were the fist to put down a real
reformer. They had, with hypocrisy in their he.trts,—
for truth was not in c.em—gone ab rut inculcating
opinions for the abolition of slavery, and yet they had
defeated the only one of the three candidates who, upon
principle, had objected to the inadequate measures of Go-
eminent for carrying that abolition into effect. Alt three
candidates were, it was true, for the abolition of slavery,
because, in this enlightenedisge, who dared be otherwise?
It was the very Whigs who had raised the loudest voice
against the oppressive acts, commonly calied the 4. Six
Acts," during the disturbance of 1819, who now came
forward openly to put down the only candidate on the
hustings who had firmly voted against their enactment
in his place in Parliament. (Applause.) Every vt tt an
politics which the Whigs had given he also gave, or
went beyond them in the mode of giving; and these
were the Whigs of Northumberland, who put in an
ultra-Tory representative for their county, and put down
an independent man. lie congratulated his hon. ft lend
(Mr. Bell) on his right eon being a representative, but
not theirs (the Whig,); ha was vozood-humoured and
warm-hearted a man to repre:erit so spiteful, so ma-
licious, so hypocritical a party. This Mis the only
way in which he thought his (fiend (Mr. Bell) ought
nut to have been returned by the Whigs, for he
was far too good to represent or base a set. t Applause.)
In every other respect they had had their *award—
