SOUTH AMERICA.

Letters from Madrid, in the French Journals, pre-
sent accounts from South America; but they only
come down to the beginning of September. Our own
accounts from Carthagena are to. a much later date,
and prove that Rottit.Lo has been dNappointed in the
hopes he had formed of speedily reducing the place,
r though he has caused it great distress.
By Carthagena Papers, from the MI of October
to the 'list of November, we learn, that 6, General

Molina.° had published and introduced into Cirtha-
geni a Proclamation, by v:lti.ch he invited the Vene-
zuelan officers and soldiers of Bouvaii's army to
come over to him, promising parch,n and retsard.
tliceazning with death Obose that would not
avail themselves of the proffered amnesty within fif-
teen days. But the besieged equally despised his
promised rewards and his deadly thteaten;ngs, pro.
fessitig That they would rather die than commit so
bake an action; or contribute to the slavery of their
country.

4, The blockading fleet bomb.irded the town on
the %di of October, from four iii the afternoon t.ll

dark; when it retired, alter having received consi.
der.tble damage froth the Ere of the b..tteries of the
place. Even the ladies denp•isrd so much the ineffec-.
lu.tl attack of the enemy, that they kept :he whale
time on their balconies, encouraging the hallabitants
by the sound of • Long live our country;'
• _

" On the 25th of October, the schooner of war
the Constitution, carried into Boca Chica the Spanish
sloop of war the Thunder, Captain Oterola, belong-
ing to the blockading fleet, and taken in their sight.
A division of Spanish troops, under Brigadier Por-
ras, could not occupy the city of Ocana ; which cir-
cumstance induces a belief that the troops sent by the
Congress of Santa Fe, had then entered that city.
Morillo had contrived to introduce, through the
Channel of Paralabello, some boats and gun-boats,
to cut off the communication of the town and the
castle of Boca Chica; but he failed in his object, as,
the Sun-boats of Carthagena always checked the
enemy, who kept himself ander the protection of the.
batteries he had 'constructed in the harbour. Eight
vessels had, iu the interim, got into Carthagena, the
greater rare from the United Stater, and some from
Jamaica, all laden with provisions, so that the place.
was supplied for font mohths'moro.
In General Morino perceis'ing that his blockade
proved ineffectual, as he could not binder the coming
in of provisions, resolved to act vigorously against'
the place; and accordingly he chose the day of the
anniversary of the Independence to begin his opera-
tions. He ordered Major-General Villavicencio, on
the l2th November, at four o'clock in the morning,
to assault the fortress of La Popa with a column of
800 select men; bar he failed in his attempt.
" The Independents, who defended the fortress,
under Colonel Soublete, fought gallantly ; and sue-
cessfully resisted tines obstinate attacks made by the
Spaniards, who were at length obliged to retire, with
the loss of 160 killed, wounded, or prisoners. The
commander of ;he escalade, Capt. Barbartno, and
Lieutenants Cornejo and Espino were among the
first,. The fate of General Villavicencio, whose hel-
met was found at the foot of the hill of La Papa, is
not known,"
By letters from Jamaica, dated November 28,
we learn, that a schooner from Carthagena bad ar:

.
:Wed at Pi rt Royal on dui rat, and beeniglii tits
aQi4s of ttt).; Spaniards having liicked the castle
Del Anat, and of one of those whielt defend Bock
Chica, nird of their having been rePabed with . the
lots of 120 men. There is little doubt but that it
wasfOt this attack that the Spaniards lAnded at 'mi.
rabi!thba, on the 17th of November, some troops,
and marched towards that castle.

We intended this day to have continued our de-
tail of circumstances connected with the offer made
by the Republic of New Granada of the sovereignty
of khat country to the Crown of Great Britain, but
the press of European intelligence obliges us to defer
it till to-morrow.
We cannot, however, refrain horn observing, that
eiery arrival from Spain brings intelligence Of a na.
hire by no means calculated to regain the affections
of the South Americans. In the cruelties inflicted
by FERDINAND on those whulabot4ed and shed their
blood to restore him to the throne of Spain, they can-
not but see the Este that awaits them, should they
ever again acknowledge his. sovereignty.
• By letters from Madrid to the 10th instant, we
learn, that on Christmas Day, the King, err hearing
'Wash condemned fifteen persons accused of being
Liberaler, in thg same manner as he lately condemned
other patriots, to hard labour, banishment, &c. The
same equitable and .4 beloved FERDINAND" has or-
dered all the dyranrertados, that Is, the Spaniards who
served fling J.,scpit, to be set at liberty. Among
these are several who acted as Judges in the tribunals
of and who condeinned many Patriots to
death, taken with aims in their bands fighting fiy
FERDINAND.

THE PRINCE REGENI:
}HUGH lON JANUARY 28.

" Pavilion, Saturday, Half-pkst Ten, A.M.
14 The PaINCIt Rsover has passed a very g 0341 night, and
his Royal Highness is, in every respect, much better this morn-
ing. •' M. J. Tir.aier."
" Pa•Mion, Sunday, Eleven o'Clock, A.M.
" The PRINC% P.ror 'yr has had some return of pain in the
font last niglif, Hi c Royal Highness is, however, in mher re-
spects, quite as well as yesterday. " M. J. Ileanetc."
Mr. AztuuTitNor arrived at the Palace yesterday,
and is included in the Royal suit?.
Concerts nightly continue to form a leading feature
of the amusements at th. 2 Palace; they commonly
commence abont eight o'clock, and finish soon afro
midnight. The Parsec REGENT, for several nights
past, has been in an adjoining apartment during the
harmonious progress of the %bele.

The Earl of LlVEttFoot. gate a grand Cabinet din-
ner on Saturday last at Vile House.
Lord and Lady ANMERST and suite left town on
Saturday for Portsmouth, to embark for China.
Saturday WAS the Duke of SUSSEX's birthday, when
his Royal Highness completed his 43J year.
It is known Oat Mr. WALTER SCITT is the Author
of Paul's Letters to his Kir:J.lo4s from the Continent,
which are trs he published this week.
Admiral Lott! Hoop is so dangeiously ill at Bath,
that he was not expected to survive many hours when
the last accounts of ltim w •re received.
Mu. FITZSERALD, the Chatiet•llor of the Irish Ex-
chequer, has been for some days past confined at his
lather'svesiderfce in Dublin bya•severwiedieposision.-
. IRISH ,PEcatAGE.—The Dublin Gazette of January
223, contains the follow'i'ng prornotions in the Irish
Peerage, viz.—The Earls ..of 0 itsioxn. LoNEONDItRRV,
I and CoNYNtatAal, to be Marquisses; Viscount Mous-L.-
1 JOT, to be Earl of BLwanacfrox ; iscount BANTRY,
to be Earl of BAWFRY ; Lords CARIR and SIIETFIELO,
to ly.r Earls of GLENGALL and Sitar Marl respectively;
Lord FRANKFORT, to be Viscount FRANKFORT RE j
-MONTWIRENCY ; Lord A DAttf, to be Vi :Aunt MeuNtr
EARL : Lord ENNISSIORE, to be a Viscount; and
Lord KILLAnroN, to be VisCUont Coal.
Ft:te.-11Etween Eleven and twelve last
n' ht, a fire brokC out in the wcrkshrps of Mr. WIL-
LIA:•I3, army can and accontrement-matter, at, the
ba,:k of his house, No. 52. Dean-street, Soho. The
whole fabric, -lout stories in height, was burnt to the
ground before a &Op of water could be get. An.
immense quantity of cars, aCcOdttefriellts, leather,
oilskins, &c. &c. were entirely cotsulued. No lives
were lost, and the dwelntig-house remains nutouched.
The men had been allycsterdaylSUnday) finishing
an order, and had just left the premises when the
fire broke out.

HUNTING.
The Quorn Hounds met this day at Keyhtm ; Meet on Wed-
'day, at Costeck . tend Thursday, at Aylestone Town.
Cottesmere (Lord•Lonidale's) -Hounds met this day at Tick-
sloth ToOrn; win meet tomorrow. at Seaton; on Thunday, at
Castle tytharn ; and on Friday, at Burley.
tord-Yarborough's Hounds met this dir, at Licetv INYrib
Will meet no Wednesday, at Wootton House; on 'Friday, at
New Close Wood; and en Saturday, at Kennel- . •
Lord Foiwillfam's Hounds met this day, at Shtton %Wood; .
and willmeet to-morrow, at Cate's Cabbin.
Mr. o.baldeston's Hounds Met tltisday;at Coon:ell meet
to-morrow, at the Kennel at Witherley; ua Fran, BagWortia'
Hearn; -ated On Saturday, at Sell Woods
The ltriskingitant Houndl met this day, at *Arrington; W 111:
meet on Thursday,* Belham ; and on *Wail, at Glaston.
The 'irieri;Ottlablingtekes Fothoteltdethrew till; this day, it
Bishop uckland; Will dare* oe on Wedneelliy, at Selaby.; out
FridaY; 5t Thinbridge ; and on Saturday, it Waelrerileld Vrinse. ,
Lord Scarborough's Foxhounds met this day, at Wheatley
Hills; will meet on Wednesday, at Limpid; and on triday, * '
Birbrougb. •
The Lansbton Foxhounds met this day!, at Flasa; Will meet On
Wednesday. Raeettsworth; on Filday, a; Cassop; and ou Sat
turday, at Chester de-street.
Sir tor., M. Sykes's Hounds met this day, at Bessall; • will auk
on Wednesday. at Westow ; and on Friday; at Barn ston %Visite.
Sir B. Graham's Foxhounds will throw off to-morrow, at
' Shar:ston Common; on Thursday, at Hut Green; and' p Sitar- I
day, at Hutton Wood.. • •
Mr. Vet's lidtends met this day, at East Rigton ; will meet on
Wednesday, at Harwood Bridge; and au Friday. at Sutton Mill
The §inalngton Foxhounds will Meet to-minim, at East Ness;'
tendon Friday, at Kirkthile Wattle. .
The Eselftwokidubscripdon Foxhounds wlSl'meet to-morrow,
at Beaffeeten Spring ; and onSatterday, near Easley:old.
The Heiderness foxhounds met this day; at Rise Park; will
meet on Wednesday, at Mippleton ; and on Friday,* Leven
Village.
The Thornaby Mends met this day; at Middletnihon-Leves;
will meet pn Thursday,at Stainsby ; and on Saturday, at Barwick.
The Yost City Hounds . hunted this day, near Acemb; will
bunt on Wednesday, near Stockton; and On Friday, near
Toterthorp. •
The Reddens,* Harriers will meet on Wednesdays at Gib-
cross ; and on Saturday, at Preston Field.
Mr. Cressett Pelham's Hounds met. ibis day, at Stoke Heath;
will meet on Wednesday, at Borearon • Monday, at Llanvords ;
Wednesday,* Windmill Kennel; Fri'day,,at the &Veil Stars,
Westbury; Monday, litho at Windmill Kennel; Wednesday,
14th. at Earl Bradford's Gorse; Friiwyslitb, at riabbill HO;
Monday, letle, as Attlogluem.

.

, •

7711111..

*A AA .


.
BRITISH ARMY IN 'RAWL
The Gault, de France, of Friday, Contains the fol.;
lOwing notification : •"•44 The weather having berme
afore favourable,., the Engliali troops who *ere not
intended to be left on the Continent,
have ent'),lrked,
or are preparing to do so : and; from this moment,
the troops of the same nation; Who are to form part
,of the Army of Occupation will successively put
themselves in motion towards Flanders: Ainmig the
latter description of' troops, those who are cantoned at
Paris, or in the neighbouring Departments, have al-
most all received orders for their departure. These
movements have been going On for several days, au
' will be soon terminated. Thus, by the Ist of Febria.
ary, all the English troops, without exceptiGn, will
have gone into their definitive cantonments."

DOVER, JANUARY 27. •
The 2d Battalion 4ith Regiment embarked on
board of transports, and this morning sailed for Ire.
land. The Marquis of BUCKINOHAII arrived this
morning in his yacht from Calais.
JANUARY 28.—A Company of the Royal Artillery
landed here from Calais this morning. We expect
soon to see the Duke of WELLINGTON here, a Packet
being in waiting to bring his Grace from Calais.
RAMSGAIE, JANUARY 27.
Arrived from Calais the Neath Packet,.on freight.
with 30 horses and men of the Royal Waggon Train.
JANUARY 28.—Sailed the Eleanor transport, foe
Colchester, with baggage belonging to the 73t1 Re.
giment. The 58th Regiment has just marched in,
?rum Canterbury, and been embarked on board OW
Dancombe and Hound Transports, for Ireland.

On the 20!/1 instant, 60 effntive men, commanded
by Lieutenant Kst.e, Ispm the depot of the 26th
regiment, marchtd into Leith from Ayr. They em•
batked on Wednesday on board the smack Bin•
cleugh, for Gravesend, and Irom thence proceeded
to join thebattalion in GibraltAr.
Eight sail of transports>, having on board Colonel
Doixatv and MANSELL, bArirti on Friday from Ports.
