N MLR= 9261

rp. ttew Comic Pantomime, &c. &c.
• As i•LErs", WBSTM4NSTER BRIDGE,
Under the Patronage of their Royal Higlsnessos the Prince
Regent and Duke of York.
N MONDAY NEXT, august 16, at Half-past
Silt precisely, the popular Equestrian and Pedestrian Spec-
tacle, called FERDINMD GB SPAIN. In the Course of the
vettilig„ a Grand liptre, introducing of the most beauti-
ful Horses in tisk kingdom in different Equestrian Evolutions
Hapcsnanship by Messrs. W. and J. Dario, Avery. and Miss
)waiter, the Intrepid Female Equestrian. Clown, Mr. Usher.
ARP two portly Songs, by Mr. Woolf (tits first appearance), and
Herring Opt.
'Soclotto Comic. gscranazanza,
raged Billy and Mrs. Buttons Journey to Brantford Election.
To which wilt be added. the laughable Burlesque of the Hunted
Tailor, and his. Horse Tally-40. To conclude with (tit time)
a aew Comic Pantomime, written by Mr. Barrymore, jun. with
entirely new Seette?y, Machinery, Dejass, Dear:a:lons, due. Stc.
sailed 4OR I LINE'S. FAVPURITIL; of, Harlequin's Harvest,
Principal characters, Lubin (afterwards Haricqttin),Mr. Taylor ;
Richly (afterwards Pantalnon), Mr. Blanchard; Bquire Lavish,
Ayr_Pearce; clod, *, Southby; Milk*, Mr. tuala4 Cc es,
Mrs. Ridgeway; Fortuna, Mrs. Makeen; and Cultustb*e, Ws*
Taylor.
Doors open at Half pa" Fie..--s4coad pace 11131kastEfita.

bIEW 04RMAN *I.U.TE MUSIC.
ACOMPLETE GUIDE to the Aft of playing
the GERMAN FLUTE; wherein will be found every
instruction necessary to the attaining a thorough. knpwledge
that elegant and fashionable Instrument, Lad down in the melt
plain and familiar manner. The Gamuts cuntaln the best and
most approved methods of lingering ; the diterent modes of
" Tonguing" passages are exemplified in forty-two Examples, and
illustrated by " I .essons, Airy and Duets," progressively arranged.
To which are added, twenty-tight of the most "popular and
favourite Airs," properly adapted.—" Eighteen Cadenzas,"
an the most useful lier, " Tables of 'Transposition," and a de-
scription of the Flute wit!' eight E cyt. The whole containing
every Information requi.i.e to enable the learner to proceed with
pleasure in his study of the German Flute. Composed and,ar..
ranged by JOHN sEAI.E, Professor of the Getman Flute. The
Second Edition, price Bs.
London: Published, by Goulding, D'Almain, Potter, and Co.
Sotio-square; and N 0.7, Westmoreland-street, Dublin.

MONEY IMMEDIATELY.
' No. ; Duke-street, Ade
THE CONDUCTORS of this Office can corn-
mand any SUM of Money, and are in the habit of making
advances upon every dencriprion of security, with promptness' and
liherality.—Artendance from ten till five.—Letters must be paid.

MONEY.
0 BLEMEN, Gentlemen, &c. are respectfully
-LI informed, that they stay be supplied whh Money to any
amount, on terms, equal to mortgage, secured on Freehold, Copy-
hold, Leasehold Land, or Houses, Money in the Funds, Marriage
settlements, Widows' Jointures, Clergymen's Livings, or any
ocher property. Persons of respectability may be supplied on their
personal security only. Gentlemen will find every liberal accom-
modation, without delay. Application from twelve to two, or
letters (poet-paid) addressed to Messrs. With aud Cu. No. 49,
South-street, Berkely-square.

PATRONISED 1W THE ROYAL FAMILY.
THE approved WATER-PROOF CAMBLET
PORTUGAL CLOAKS.... J. SERIEAN Military
Tailor, takes this opportunity of announcing to the Nobility,
gentry, dtc. that the above CI.CIAKS are:a be bad at) usual, at
the original Afaimfactory, No. 4, Southanipton-ltreet, Strand
(late Serieant and Pulsfard), where en assortment k always ready
of Military, Naval, and Travelling Clctiks, &Le. .

- •
CTLK STOCKINGS selling off and a q'iantity of
A 7 real India Croton Stockings, ft RADIORD's, No. 52,
C:heapdde. Ihe following is the price of sonic Clack or Whit*
Silk, cotton feet. ss. 6d.; all bills. 61. 61; very good, ss. 641 ; best
cheap In proportion, cotton hose, Is. 61; fine, 25.; super, 2s. 6d.
extra super,' is. worth much more. A large quantity of real
Welch Flannels of a curious fine quality selling very cheap ; some
very goal gloves Is. a pair.
Plean to be very particular in the name and number, or you
will be imposed on, they're at Rtitiford's, No 52, Chettpside.

SODA WATER, MADE BY THE AERATED SOD.t
POWDERS.
AHIS Preparation .will be found extremely useful
and convenient to ail persons whose situation renders the
conveyance of Soda Water inconvenient or expensive; it is por-
table fur the pocket, and unchangeable in any climate. Pre-
pared and sold by Hudson and Co. Chemists, 27, Haymarket,
London ; .sold, also by Vade, 40. Cornh:11; Sanger, 150, Oxford-
street ; and others throughout the United KiNdoin, in boxes fur
one dozen, at 2s. M. each.

FAMILY BREWIN4I.
NEEDHAM, RAW.L.INS, and Co. Patentees of
tht PORTABLE FAMILY BREWING MACHINE,
respectfully inform the Nobility, Gentry, and the Public, that in
consequence of the Fire in Skinner-street, they have removed to
their premises, No '2,:13, (near the Hay-market) Piccadilly;
where they hope to be honoured with a continuance of -this
li-
ber.:l pa•ruuage they have hitherto experieneel . •
This Machine combines the Fireplace, Coppers, Marsh Tun,
*Under Back, Hop' Back, and Working :Fun, in one Utensil;
which is .• mpact, durable, and cony:sciont, end worked by-A.
method simple and certain in its operation.
The Machtne is made of various dimensions, suitabk to WIN
reftlilieS, *I the-most extensive establishments.
N. R. and Co. have the pleasure of saying, they have most re-
aretable testimonials, and can give reterences to Gentlemen in
Town and Country, who have had experience of the utility of
the invention.
Sold by the Patentees, No. t 25, Piccadilly, London ; and
No. 10. Wine-street, 13rhard ; also by the principal Furnishing
Ironmongers in the United Kingdom.
N.A. and Co. brew in the hla.liine for public inspection,
every Tuesday,.in -London and Bristol.

GITESTONIAN MEDICINES.--CASE 85.
To Mi. R. Guts r, No. 9, Great St: rrey-street, Blackfriers.
Maid-lane, Borough, Sot.,:twark, hlarch 9, 1213.
DEAR SI It —When I contemplate 9n the won-
derful cure which your Medicines have performed on me,
I feel myself degrees of having it made public as possible.
In the year 1806 1 broke my. 14 two different times In the
Same week, and it was so badly set as to oblige me to walk with.
any knee on a wooden leg for sit years, the first three of which
tiled several of the most eminent Surgeons in London, thelart
whdtu was Mr. Cooper, until he pronounced me in-
curable, which was in the year I Run. I then begrd of hint to
(GC oft my leg; in answer to which he ()Net -rod, that ampurAtion
be the death of nie, therefore he dt cUned this operation.
in the year Mt:, you having cured my brother of a most dis-
head-ache, he r..commet.ded me to yon : I attended on
my .vonden leg, when in int:imtsed one inch and throe till Ilf•
:et- !ksi than the other—it wa. cold a; ice, and had been for
the lag five years. Notwit lutand.ng this, I had no use-lior my
noLder. kg tin the seetind day. hosigh day I finally left off
ray zrutehes, being capablo of walking with a stick. In About
chive months I was cutnpleaily curie, and have contirried ever
• canoe as well and as uptight as ever I was. But wh•tt seems to
me stiU more strange than this' is, that this leg now nwaswei
the same size as my other, not has It ever been c• I since the
first week of .using your Lotion and taking your M.. My
engular case is well known to nearly All the people :fettle). or.
Thames, and to more than a thousand people residing within a
,!career of a mile from your house, where) five ; and be assured It
it/ never be forgot by sae le. long as jam capable of recollection ;.
'..1:(1 art, dear Sir, your humble sere uff,
Y:st. 5, Matd-lane. N 4 ILI JAM DO\VLLNO.
Case SG in a future Paper.)

71777:777a
lai
r•
. AAVAttpNt

rdtis'

• 14, 1813‘

?his day, was coblished. to Que hirgit Sheet.
ASKETCH of the RUSSIAN CAMPAIGN
In 1812, By the Hon. ROBERT CLIFFORD.
Printed for John Cary, 131, Strand,

..ay. was pnbliAted, pdp ISt. is li4ise,
A MAP or the Conntrjes extending from the
ADRIATIC to the GULF of BOTHNIA. and from tbeuoe
Fasivraid to the' MOUTHS of the SCHeLDT. intended to
exhibit the ?recent Seat of War between the Belligerent Powers.
Printed for John Cage tat, Strand,
This

This dal

Say vas published. price 13% iu beards,
The Fikh Edttion, of
A RY's ITlNEkAßY.carefully revised,and con-
t/ mining route, of upwards of 9coo Places lying off the main
road, which vore not given in the former Editions, and will not
. be found iu any other work of this de.criptiou, with additional
Maps ok the Isle of Wight and Environs of Cheltenham, New
/...Cross Roadi, Etc. Etc.
Printed for John Ckry, ISt, Strand.
Wuhan may be had, a New Map of tits L-akes of Cumber-
pod and Westmorland, #c. pries 1511.,41d. is csau.

A SUPERIOR ATLAS FOR SCHOCILS.
Tbl, day wai published,
In royal quarts, price lea. neatly hag-bound,

OSTELL'S NEW GENERAL ATLAS; con.
raining distinct Mope of aN the Principal States and King-
doms throughout the World, from the latest and hest Authorities,
including a Map of Ancient Greece and of the Rmnan Empire :
the whole correctly engraved upon thirty plates royal quarto, and
beautifully-coloured outlines.
Printed for C. Cradock and W. Joy, (Successors to the late
Thomas Ostell,) No. s; Paternoster-row.
N.B. The same Work, full coloured, price One Guinea.
The Publishers offer the above Atli; to Schools, as the most
correct, the most useful, and at the same time the cheapest over
executed. 'lley have no hesitation in saying, that it wants only
to he seen to be universally adopted: it is already uiod in many
of the most respectable Seminaries In the Empire.

This day was published,
Elegantly printed in post quarto, by Vem slaty, price "0. 121.6 d.
in boards, a New Edition, with Additions and Twelve Elva-
vings, several of which an new, of

►rI4E NATURAL HISTORY and ANTIQUI-
1. TIES of SEI.IIOItNE, in the County of SOUTHAMPTON.
TO which are :rattled, tke NATURALIST'S CALRNDAR;OBSERVA-
TlO :11 on VARIOUS I'ARTS Of NATURE; and Poems.

By the late Rev. GII.BERT wHurit,
Formerly Fellow of Oriel College, Ozford.

Printed. for White, Cochrane and Co.; Longman, Hnrst, Rees,
Orme, and Brown ; J. Mawsnan ; S. Eagster; J. and A. Arab;
J. Hatchard; R. Baldwin; and J. Hamilton.
Fifty Copies are printed on royal quarto paper, with the copy
of a curious Old Paining, heautjtully coloured, cad done up in
two volunus--Prli.e Five Quint as in boa►ds.
At thy same time was published,
And to be had of the L hove Booksellers, handsomely printed, in
st srols. Bvo. with foto Engravings, price Ifs. in boards, a new
Edition of . .

.....
The NATURAL 111 TOOT of SELBOINZ : to which are added,
the Naturalist's Calendar, Miscellaneous Observations and Poems.

GENUINE AND IMPROVED EDITION OF.EUCI-UN'S

• DOMESTIC MEDICINE
TWENTY •FIRST EDITION.
This day was published, in One Vol, Bvo. price ns. in boards,
a New Edition (Mpg the *Twenty.first), with considerable
Iniproveruents :mil Additions, of
I)OMESTIC MEDICINE; or, a Treatise on
the Prevention and Cure of Diseases, by Regimen and
simple Medicines: with Observations concerning Sea-Bathing,
and on the Use of :he Mineral Waters. To which is annexed,
a Dispensatory for the Use of private Practitioners.

By WILLIAM BUCHAN, M.D.
Fellow of the Royal College of Physiciana, Edinburgh.

_ .
•so Beitdes au the. A.t:hur's latest Corrections and Improve-
ments, the present E !Won contains many new articles, as the
Treatment of the Mumps, the Means of preventing Pulmonary
Consumption, &c. By his Sun,

ALEXANDER P. BUCHAN, M. D.
Of the Rol•al College of Phrietans, London; and Senior Phy-
siclata to the Westminster Hospital.

Printed for T. Well and W. Davies, F. C. and J. Rivington,
J. 'Walker, J. Cuthell, Wilkie and Robittson, Darton and Har-
vey, Lackington. Atka, and Co. Lor groan, Hurst, Rees, Orme
and Brown, John Richardson, J. M. Richardson, C. Law, I.
and R. :!rosby, J. Lloyd, Sherwood, Neely and Jones, London;
and for W. Creech, at Edinburgh.
Of whom may also be had, by the same Author,
ADVICE to MOTHERS, on • the Subject of their own
Health ; and on the menus of promoting the health, strength,
aul beauty of their Offspring. tiecouti &WWII. One volume,
eyo 9s. boards.

.0 E'S PATENT BRITISH SHIRTING
CLOTH—tbe only Manufacture of the Kind in thrUnited
NanAdom. Established 1808.,
Thia,labria from its commencement has been manufactured
with a view for-sale to private Families and home Trade, and Is
now brought to a degree of excellence and perfel.tiou unequalled,
and sold at about halt the prig of Irish linen.
It ig peculiarly adapted for all seasons and climates by its free-
limn from the cffect, incident to the changes of the atmosphere,
to which every t ther description of Shining Cloth is liable.
Its &stability and beautiful whiteness after five years trial,
stands unrivalled, and the Proprietor pledges hintselt to reim-
burse any purchaser who may experience any deficiency in the
qualities for which it is recommended.
Suld at the Patentees Original Warehouse. No. 154, Cheap-
sldeanear dr. Peal's; Harding, Howell, and C. 89, Pall Mall,
and no other house in 1.0n40n.

CHING'S PATENT WORM LOZENGES.
WORMS ARE THE MOST FREQUENT
SOURCES OF CHILDREN'S' DISEASES :
Their SYMPTOMS EVERY PAR ANT and GUARDIAN
of CHILDREN should be aesuakited with. They occasion loss
of appetite, a paleness of the odour of the face, emaaatiOn and
irregular state of the bowels, attended after with violent pains;
they bring on conyuloions; they akce the growth oldie body,
apd they prove fatal, by ending in a consumption or decay. Both
as a preventative and cure Ortheeealarming eomplaints the above
excellent Medicine Is universally allowed, on thh teiriniony of eke
highest chareatets In this country, both in rank and respectalg-
My, to have .no equal. Their public approbation, alum. to the
Proprietor, from a personal knowledge of its wOnderful 'cone.
in their own families, stamps its merit beyond competition and
gives a Leiction to it, of which no other Medicine of the kind
can beast. Parents and others, who have the care of children,
should have Ibis remedy as a family Medicine to resort to, when-
ever the stomach or howeh of Children are any way disordered,
which it will always be found to relieve,
Sold, wholesale and retail, at Mr. Butler's, No. 4, Cheapside, the
corner of St. Paul's Church-yard; Sharp and Belem, Portsmouth ;
Jones, Weston, Albion, and Mallory, Pemsotat. Hall and John-
ston Gosport , Coleman and /ouch, Sheerness ; Peck and Ross,
and Turner, Hull ; Hoxiand, eookworthy, Nettleton, and Gil-
bert, Plymouth; Knott and Lloyd, and Swinney and Co. Bir-
miegham ; Staines and Lynch, Manchester; Trewman, Exeter ;
Smith, Manderton, Reabuen, Scott, and Baxter, Edinburgh ; Bax-
ter. and M`Donald, Glasgow ; Buten and Barry, Bristol ; Ste-
venson and Co. Norwich; Swhaten, Leicester; Edwards and
Penny, and Billing.' and Lathbury, Liverpool; Neale and Ledger,
Dover; White, Brighton; Roberts, Sodden, and Ruff, Chelten-
ham • ad retail, by most country medicine venders ,in boxes, at
104. s R 4 b. V. cub.

. . _
• 141
• . .
, ...
...•..
is"; . • .'" ' ''. .-*
'
.4this ./ ossgl
, 1 • ''.
• tr
,• . •
40. '
•
.4„4. 4, " .
7
.44-- li# • .
.1 •
.IMP • •41. _ •16- 1,,
t It%
• s ... ---'N r •5:
' • ' ••- I : I.:::
—...."‘'.
' --.
..''''
. . . . /
.' . ' •
. • •••• r, i;
•
. :ii ifir • . - r‘o.-AN,s(fr's'.' '''' .'
4 • .
. •
0, . i
. 0
_ . .
~1"-J--*....... _. _.

I

~ .

L.

ERS.

AUt.UST 2.
and ding arrived here
lg. H.s Majesty stopped
the town, and reviewed
man corps d'armee, which
The Emperor made them
t, and appeared satisfied
• with their imp-. "ehsent. His Majesty gave promo-
tion, and till- dm'. 6°ll ri the Leg.on of Honour, to
the brave men v "entupose thee divisions, and
with. 'Us the gre a pan, have served.with-distinc-
tioni3 the arrm* of Spain. 'rite ' Emperor, after
'• having inspecteii the works oithe t.wtress, breakfast-
et and took, An kit neon. the Bamberg road. The
li Prince of Neulanteel and Gen;!ral Count de Lobau,
and Drocet,'lfti-de-carnp to *r;ii,•M.tiesty, are in the
Emperor's tr.,:a.
PARIS, AUGUST 3.
lier Makstv the Empress is expected to-morrow
at the P:+l,ce or, tit, Cloud, . It app gars her Majesty
will Dot proceed to Cherbourg till after the fetes on
the 154 instant-.

DREWSIN, JULYS*.
The p-,tsage of twirl prrlceeding to Lusau and
Silesia, still very frequent. 'The Saxon army is
encamped Lear Grrlits, the lit brigade under Gene-
ral Lecoq, anU the 24 groan Qem..al Sahr. They
are at their full complement.
CIIERBURG, AUGUST 1.
- After years of prodigious labour, the exterior port
or 4. berburg is about to be opened.
It is announced, that on the 20th or 21st instant,
it will b! opened to the ocean, and from the prepara-
tions %hien aie making, it is not doubted but that
the arrival of an august personage is expected to ce-
lebrate that grand event.

AMERICAN PAPERS.

GENERALS CHANDLER AND WINDER.

TO TUE EDITORS Or TOIL BOSTON PATRIOT.
As many injurious reports are in circulation, re-
specting the capture of our two unfortunate Generals,
Chandler and Winder, I transmit you for publica-
tion the following extract of a letter from the Assistant
Adjutant•Genei al to a Gentleman high in office, on
this interesting subject. Yours, &c.
" Camp, Forty Mile Creek, June 7, 1813.
44 It.is with extreme regret that I announce to you
the loss of; our brave and worthy friend, General
Chandler, who was made prisoner yesterday morning
in the action with the enemy near Stoney Creek.-:
'Unfortunately General Winder was also taken, both
about the time victory was ours.—The morning was
extremely dark, so much so that we could not distin-
guish a red coat from a' blue one, at the distance of
three paces. This induces me to believe- that they
were lost by entering the enemy's line, supposing it
to be their own. They both behaved throughout the
action with the utmost coolness and bravery ; and it
is with great satisfaction I can assure you, that they
were not taken by surprise or alarm. They anticipated
an attack, and had tnade their arrangements accord-
ingly. Our troops slept on their arms in line of bat-
tle, formert to the best advantage the ground would
admit of.
46 The Generals spent- the previous evening toge-
ther until twelve o'clock, in General Chandler's tent,
making arrangements for the victory they anticipated
the next day.
44 After the departure of General Winder and our
guides, General Chandler and myself lay down, but
did not sleep. About twenty minutes past two o'clock
in the morning, our outposts and guards were fired
on by the head or advance of Ole enemy's column.
They immediately after advised us of their approach
by a tremendous savage yell. General Chandler and
myself were mounted instantly ; and the line formed
and waiting for the enemy, by the time they were
within musket-shot. General Chandler immediately
took post in the rear of the left flank of the right
wing, where he issued his orders with the utmost cool-
ness, and occupied his leisure moments in encouraging
his troops to perform acts of valour. I carried „his
orders Irequently to General Winder, who commanded
the left will, where I found him busily employed,
and with great energy encouraging his mezr and giv-
ing orders.
" In carrying those orders I lost sight of General
Chandler, and did not know that he was taken until
day-light. Ili: horse war riot ender him in the height
of the action..
64 The Officers and troops behaved like veterans;
and if we had not lost our-Generals, we should have
been covered with glory.—l have the honour to be,&c.
(Signed) EA .1. Jom4sow, Assit. Adj. Gen."
New-York, June 30.
Tua Exemszost.—We understand that the schooner
Eagle, which blew up off New London on Friday
last, was prepared in this-city for the purpose of de:
stroying one of the enemy's ships of war, by subscrip.
tion. W,e do not know the names of the gentlemen
' who were concerned in this project.
FROM COMMODORE HARDY'S SQUADRON.

A fishing-smack arrived here yesterday afternoon,
was brought to on Sunday morning about eight o'clock,
by the Ramilies, 74, the frigates Maidstone and Loire,
and a brig of war in company. Commodore Hardy
detained the smack about an hour and an halt, and
`told the Captain not to avempt to go out again, as
he had made up his mind to destroy all the smacks
and other small craft that he fell in with, until he
could be satisfied of the cause of the explosion of the
schooner Eagle. The Captain of this smack under-
stood from Commodore Hardy, that he lost nine men
in the explosion of the Eagle. [lf he had said 90, it
would have been nearer the truth.)
NeW London, lune 30.
MR. EpiTon—For the information of owners of
vessels arid boats, I subjoin att extract of a letter re-
ceived by me in a flag of truce horn Sir Thomas M.
Hardy, commanding his Britannic Majesty's ship Ra.
millies, bff N. London, bearing date June 26.
JIRAH lISHAM, Brig. Gen.
Commanding at New London.
ti I am under the necessity of requesting you to
—make it publicly known, that I cannot permit vessels
or boats of any description (flags of truce of course
excepted) to approach or pass the British squadron,
in consequence of an American vessel having ex.
.ploded yesterday, three hours after dte was in our pos.
swans. Yours, atc., aT. M. HARDY."

BUEAS 4nas GAZETTES.

~,,, ...
liN
iilL

on his side than that of an officer and a dragoon
- wounded, and a corporal missing. .
ARMY OF OPERATIONS IN THE EAST BESIEGING ADDRESS TO THE INHABITANTS OF MLA.
MONTE VIDEO. " COUNTRYMEN I—The day of glory for Chita is
FOURTH BULLETIN. fast approaching. Tyrants are about to be con-
" If the population of Monte Video was not op. founded by seeing the-majestic splendour with which
pressed by military despotism, or had at its head a a sovereign peopFe suddenly arises from the debate-
civil Governor who would fulfil his duty, support meat in which it was, and displays the valour, energy,
his dignity, and not vilely humiliate himself before and inexhaustible resources of the most lively pato°.
the commander of the forces, but give him to under. tism. An army of 12,000 combatants collected in a
stand that he ought not to prolong the defence longer few days on the Banks of the Maule, hoisting the
than was useful, or the inhabitants deemed sufficient, tricoloured flag at the same instant,,that for the first
it is indubitable that the place would have already time appears on the South Seas the pavilion of Ame-
begged terms of capitulation. I rican liberty. The tyrant thought to find our forces
•' Of the 23 or 24,000 souls who are shut up, we divided, poor, and without strength ; but at present
know that two-thirds of them wish to receive the new he trembles at seeing himself attacked by sea and
order of things, some by their natural inclinations, land in a manner of which his ignorance could never
and others to pacify their fears ; but at seeing them form a conception. Now he knows, but too late,
so pusillanimous and timid, that they dared not come that his invasion will precipitate the last ruin- of his
to an explanation with the authors of their useless sa-
miserable power ; but we should defeat him in such
crifices, when their wishes and necessities demand
a manner that neither he nor any other will in future
i
that their gates should be opened to the beneficent I dare to disturb our peace. A single robber of those
army of the country, it appears that they lose a right who have entered our territory must not escape; by
effecting this we place an impenetrable wall on our
to our compassion by offering a disgusting object to .
the genius of liberty. coast.
" The garrison, composed of 2500 men, soldiers, "
Let every patriot give up all the superfluities in-
or armed inhabitants, only support the defence under ; vented by idleness, luxury, or an effeminate life ; let
the expectation of about 4.000 men, who they are led 1 us dedicate our riches to the. salvation of the coun-
to hope will arrive from Spain during .the present try, and learn to understand that without personal
month, and whilst they are amused with these di. , liberty, the money in our chests, or the plate which
mining tales, the army of the country is preparing sump:uously adorns our table are of no value.
for further operations. In a short time advanced. " Let us turn into current money our precious
works will be formed in Campo de Moife, the cannon jewels and consume them in war, rather than expose
will have effect, and the place know too late the ne- ourselvei to giving them up as a prey to the enemy.
cessity there existed of having entered into an arrange- If great Powers, such as England and France, and
ment which might have obtained for them reasonable Germany do not consider their power to lie in posses-
terms, when expecting the last rigour of war which sing articles of gold and silver, why should we who
already nearly Neatens them. are not less illustrious preserve those most prejudicial
?
" All the corn of the late harvest belonging to the monuments. of luxury to a State Let us give up
decided enemies of our cause has been gathered, two- them for the benefit of the country, or rather for that
thirds of which have been given to the patriots who of ourselves : prejudices are the soul of slavery. Let
collected it, and the other part taken for the benefit us purchase our liberty ; this is what can alone give
of the State, from whose magazines are furnished us political and moral existence."—Bearer Apes-
rations of bread to all the army. Paper, May 19.
" On the Bth inst. was celebrated with all military —
pomp by the besieging army, the august act of ac-
knowledging the Sovereign Assembly of the State,
and the Supreme Executive Power. .
" At eleven in the morning the artily of the coun-
try was formed in A brilliant and respectable line, a
little in the rear of the encampments. At twelve, the
General in Chief, the Major General, the Chief of the
Eastern Parts, and those of all the corps or divisions,
the subaltern officers, and lastly the troops, took in
succession the solemn oath before 10,000 persons of
both sexes, who with the most lively expression of joy
witnessed the majestic scene, by which was pro-
claimed the sovereignty of the people ; whilst front
the walls of the place the enemy undoubtedly dis-
coursed respecting the novelty they observed in our
camp. The ceremony concluded by a discharge of
'2l pieces of artillery, and another of musketry,
throughout the whole line of the, army."—Buceer
Ayres Gazette, April 28..
An extraordinary courier, who left Chili on the
3d April, has arrived to overnment with intelli-
gence of the unfortunate loss of the city of Concep-
tion de Penen, invaded by 1300 men on the 29th of
last March. That capital was energetically preparing
to chastise the enemy's boldness, and it is to be ex-
pected the results will correspond to the interest with
which those places have proposed to maintain their
' liberty and independenee.—Buenos „Ayres Gazette.
'1 OFFICIAL DISPATCH PROM GENERAL M. RELGRANO TO
THE SUPREME EXECUTIVE POWER.
" EXCELLENT SIR—By the last official communi.
cations which I have received from Potosi, Charcas,
Cochabamba, and Santa Cruz de la Sierra, by the
post which arrived yesterday, I am informed those
places remain tranquil and in good order, ready to
make the greatest sacrifices, and assist us in confirming
their liberty respecting Plata. lam particularly in-
formed by a traveller arrived from Cochabamba, that
" Wapping, August IS, 181 E.
as the 24th of last month General Goyeniche was
,0 A paragraph having appeared in the STAR of this day
hastily sending off from Oruro all his money, stores, ,
stating a malignant fever to have made its appearance in Wap.
&C. towards the Disagnedero. By sworn declare-
we feel it our duty to take the earliest opportunity of or..
tions which have been received from Potosi from de- PIM
1 cuaintinc the public, that there is no foundation for such state-
setters who had returned there from Oruro. it was
known that that Chief was in the greatest difficulty,
'meat: and that there has been but one burial in this parish since
on account of the scarcity of provisions, and not being the sloe et July leht•
able to quell the ferment of .division which • had in. " Joao HARRIOTT, Resident Magistrate of the
troduced itself into the army, among the European Thames Police.
and American officers i that his troops did not con-
a J. PARSONS; D. D. Rector.
sist of more than 3000 infantry, armed in all kind of " ALSZANDLI GIBSON; Churchwarden.
ways, and 1000 horses belonging to the divisions of e MICHAILL WATSON, Sidesman. for Taos. HOB.
BUCIC. Churchwarden.
Tinta and Chumbevelia. e Rica. MOUNT, COAL CORTII4 Inhabitants.
" God preserve your Excellency many years,
ei Taos. &HOLLOWAY, Surgeon to the Universal
(Signed) "M. lIELORANO. Med. Institution, 28, Burr-street, Wapping." 1
" Juju!, May 4, 1813." On the preceding Notice, we have to remark, that
An extraordinary Buenos Ayres Gazelle was pub-
! those who framed it have not acted with candour.—.
listed on the 14th of May, containing a long detailed
account of an advantage gained by the Governor of They know that the report did not originate in the
Chita over the Royal party, of which the following Sean ; and they know that they themselves were oc-
is a very brief abstract :a-.lt states, that whilst par- cupied the whole of yesterday morning, several hours
leying with a flag of truce, Don E. Verela put his
before, and at the very time that the STAR was put
advanced troops in motion (in number4oo) and began
to press, in endeavours to ascertain the steps that
firing on the centinels on the other side of the River
Maule, in consequeuce of which he resolved upon at- 'might be necessary to be taken in consequence of the
tacking the enemy's advanced force, with 800 gee- ' rumour.
nadiers and SOO Militia cavalry, which was so se-1
It is true that they have not said that the report
cretly carried into execution, that they arrived in his ,
i originated in the STAR, but.it is equally true that the
camp at three, A.M. before they were discovered ;
that to the challenge from the centinel of 64 (2ei eine?" i manner in which they have worded their notice, is
was answered, "The country, and death tome King," I calculated to impress the Reader with that idea.—
accompanied with a close discharge; that the enemy . In London the inference cannot be made that may
fled with the utmost precipitation, losing the whole I
be drawn in the country from the way in which the
of his artillery (7 pieces), and that it....was believed', . .
es worded; for were all the Magistrates, and
the General of the 2d division, J. Berganza, the In-
tendant Vergara, and the Commandant of Dragoons, I all the Church-wardens in London to assert that the
the Major• General, and, according to some accounts,'. STAR fabricated the rumour, they would not be cre-
the General in Chief were killed. 1 diced ; for of the many thousands that live in this
The statement' proceeds with saying, that the immense capital, the great majority had heard the
whole of the enemy's force, consisting of 2000 infana -
rumour before the STAR was published.
try and 4000 cavalry, were present, and yet so fel*
soldiers surprised the camp, that they had nearly suc-1 We cannot believe it to have been intentional, or
erected in getting the cannon to a place of safety, we would say it was insidious to express themselves
when the enemy recovering from his panic, on aster= I
,as they have done. They say. " a paragraph having
twining the inferiority of their numbers, charged and
appeared in the STAR of THIS DAY," Bte. but the STAR
obliged them to retire. The loss sustained oa either
side is net mentioned. is published in the ovening, and therefore could not
The Buenos Ayres Gazette of the 19th May contains originate the rumours of the day—and much less the
a dispatch from J. Rondeau, commanding the army rumours of the day before—rumours on which
besieging Monte Video, jotting, that on the 14th sit the Magistrates •
aguirates were themselves acting on the INereing e
May, sixty soldiers of cavalry made an attack on one
of the entrances into that place, which was attended Sethrdar• .
with considerable loss to the enemy, without any other We did Our duty talbs;Pnblic ; and the Maghs

THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 14, 1813.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Red. 57 If Coos. 5744—f0r see. 574—Bondg. Is. 2s.dis.
4 per Cc. 724 73—S per Ct. 874-omniurn 64.
Loot Anns. 14 7-16ths--Ezeb. Bins par 3s. pr.

We stated yesterday, that great alarm bad been
excited on Thursday evening and yesterday morning
by a report that a malignant fever had broken out in
Wapping—adding, that the Magistrates, before the
time of oar writing, would probably have adopted
measures to ascertain the truth of the rumour ; and
in fact we find, so general was the rumour and so great'
the alarm, that the Magistrates of the Thames Police.
Office, with a promptitude and zeal which does.them
great honour, had been busy all the morning making
the necessary inquiries, with a view to the precautions
which might have been necessary had there been any
foundation for the report. The result of the inquiry
has proved that the rumour was altogether unfounded.
We have learnt from the Office, that though the cur-
rency of the statement and the confidence with which
it was asserted made it necessary to use prompt mea-
sures, they had not been able to trace it to its source,
but that they have ascertained, most satisfactorily,
that there was no truth whatever in the report.

To quiet the public alarm, which was excessive,
the following notice appeared in several Meriting
Papers this day .

, ; • „
. -
I FRENCH P 4.1 P.R.R
- MitUitTZZUßoti, AUt.O
• Ilia Mobjesty the. Emperor and 4.1
tn-dar at-us in the morning. H s
a Vag". 4 a league from the tnw
two cliVisidre of the 3avarian corn'
are in the (f-,',41 D,i,thr. The Em
execute oiffer:.•,.rnanctuvrres, and
• • • ..• •A
