HASTINGS.

The late line weather bat drawn a great number of visitants to
this delightful place, if we may judge by the subscription book at
Diplock's Royal Marine Library, which already exhibits a mani-
fest increase of subscribers, with every appearance of an early
as well as a full season ; applications are daily making for
large houses by the seaside, though there are still several va-
cant in the town. The Parade exhibits a gay appearance
every evening after sunset, when it is generally resorted to
by the visitants to enjoy the cool sea breezes. The pleasure-boats
are now inconstant requisition; is aquatic excursions Lady Briton
takes the lead.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Awnings. and family are stiU
sojourning at the Marine Mansion; we are happy to say his Lord-
ship s health is a great deal better.
Lady Lorna* CADOGAS, (whose health is now quite re-established)
the Misses Wittaster, Mr. BILANDLING and family, Lady H.
&muse; Mrs. Lowsuaa, &c. are still staying with us.

The Duke of YORK left his residence in South Atitney
street, yesterday, about twelve &stock, in his carriage and' fear,
to attend the Epsom Races. His Royal Highness returned to
town in the afternoon.

Yesierday the Princess Auaurra left her residence
is the KING'S Palace, St. James's, on a visit to the Duke and
Duchess of GLOt1C0:111111, at their seat at Ragskot, fur a few days.
Wednesday Mr. Secretary CANNING entertained a
numerous party to dinner at his residence in Downieg street.
Yesterday morning, about ten o'clock, Mr. Holmes,
the Run's Messenger, arrived at the Foreign Ogee, Downing
street, with despatches from the Right Hon. STRATIOM Cannata,
our' Ambassador at Constantinople, to Mr. Secretary Caunntia.
AMT.—The Depot of the 78th Highlanders arrived at Glasgow
on the 2tst inst. on their way to Fort George.
Doet.s.—Friday morning a meeting took place near
Galway, between A. Malvin, Esq. of Dangan, and THOMAS
I Buis, Esq. of Menlo. The matter was amicably arranged on
the ground, and the parties shook hands in perfect cordiality.—A
meeting also took place on Monday morning, at an early hour, at
the Botanic Gardens, Dublin, between Lucc Diu.oat, Esq. of
Mount Dillon, county of Roscommon, attended by Guess Issue
Fag. of Bushy Park, county of Galway, and Jove Beerea,
county of Cork, attended by Wm. Dun, Esq. of the same place.
After an exchange of shots mutual friends interfered, and an ami-
cable arrangement took place.
This being the first day of Trinity Term, the Judges
paid their respects to the Master of the Rolls. They then pro-
ceeded to the Chancery Court, Lincoln's
_lan, tad were there met

by the Attorney and Solicitor-General, King's Counsel, &c. After
partaking of some refreshment with the Lord Chancellor, they
proceeded to 'Westminster, to open their respective Courts.
Yesterday a Meeting of the imperial Distillery
Company tee!' place at the New England Coffee House, Mr.
Cisme in the Chair, to ascertain bow far the Directors had acted,
up to their professions and the int of the Shareholders.—
After a great deal of desultory conversation between the Share-
holders and the Chairnian, Mr. W. CLAIM expressed his opinion
that the Directors might have erred, yet he felt confident they never
contemplated fraud. A Resolution was then passed, calling en the
Shareholders to pay Ss. 6d. a akars to the Committee, for• the put.-
' pose of carrying into effect such measures as the interests of the
Shareholders would demand. Thanks were voted to the, Chair-

man ; and the Meeting broke up.
intelligence 114 s betn received from Demerara, to
the 19th of March, which states that the Colonists have become
alarmed at a dispatch from Lord Bauman? stating, in strong lan-
guage, the necessity of immediately and fully complying with the
orders respecting the treatment of the slaves (at Demerara the new
regulations were enforced on the Ist of January, with three excep-
tions), and also at the great efforts in this country for the abolition
of slavery. They in consequence had held a public meeting, and
agreed to petition Government to refrain from further enforcing
the new regulations, and praying that they may be heard before the
Privy Council by Counsel. A memorial has also-been transmitted
to the British North American settlements, begging the Colonists to
join in the petition in favour of a Colony with which they are con-
nected by commercial relations, and which must, if eke measure be
persisted in, be destroyed. The petition is is be forwarded through
the Governor, D'Usisan.

An error occurred in the STAR of Wednesday, in the
statement as to the quantity of Flom in bond, which Is only 19,921
quarters.

Among the nutty persons tied upon as the author of " Jonius's
Letters," Lord George Seckville and 84 Philip Francis are by far
the meat probable. The following letter, however, written by Sir
Philip Francis to Major Cartwright. on his application to him to
attend a select meeting of friends to a Constitutional Reform in
Parliament, is so much in the style and spirit *finalise as consider-
ably to strengthen the probability of Sir Philip and Junius being
one and the same person. The letter is extracted from the" Life
and Correspondence of Major Cartwright," just published—
" Duo Sio—My resolution, on the subject of your kind letter
received yesterday was founded on experience, and taken with de-
liberation. I cannot alter it. You are the only person to whom it
would be unbecoming in me to say, that I am not young enough to
embark again in what I believe to be a hopeless enterprise. I
doubt the actual existence of an English Public for any treat
National purpose; and if It exists. I am not its debtor. As far
as I can judge, the mass of the English population is inert. The
country has lost its passions, and is not Si for action. This gene,'
opinion is open to ussptions, and you us one of them.
FRANCIS." a Aril 2, 1211." "

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

ALMA'CK'S.
These elegant Rooms on Wedoesclay evening were ♦err numer-
ously and fashionably aniseed : among the baut ton present, were—
Duke of Wellington.

Duchess of Wellington.
blarquives—Loodon4yrry, Lothian, Salisbury, Clanricarde, St.
Marcam, and De Stoat'.
Marchionesses—Emily Londonderry, Lothian, Winchester,
Westmeath, and Londonderry.
Earls—Cowper, Romney, Harewood, Wicklow, Clenmel. Lei-
trim, Howe, Westmoreland, Darnley, Denbigh, and Rosslyn.
Countesses—Jersey, Sefton. Cowper, Sheffield, Musgrave, Cion-
mel, Wicklow, Meath, Wilton, Warwick, Mansfield, Darnley,
Ponlett, Denbigh, and Ludolf.
Lords—Palmerston, Rosalyn, Barnard. Fincastle, Tullamore,
Combermere, Montagu, Weymouth, Hervey, Elphinstone, Duf-
ferin, Clarina, Bradford, Burghersh, Castlereagh, V4Retort,
Normanby, F.. Somerset, Gage, and Kennard.
Ladles—Two biolyneuz, Ellenborougli, E. Kerr, A. Hoiroyd,
F. Osborne, S. Marsham, C. and H. Clive, F. and C. Graham,
•F. Lascelles, G. S. Stanley, M. Kerr, A. and C. Paulett, B.
Codringtoo, C. W. Melville, King, C. Barham, Musgrave, Mon-
tagu, M. Edgecombe, J. Kerr, A. Paulett, Barnard, Ilamsden,
Phipps, C. Talbot, C. Duncombe, A. Vernon, A. Milbank, A.
Vane, E. and C. Berkeley, F.. Inge, Ravenswortb, Tbeo. Braba-
son. H. Scott, J. St. Clair, A. and M. Brudenelle, Dacre, L. and
F. Berkeley, Dufferin, S. Stewart, Rowley, S. Gresley, Duck,
E Lowther. G. Seymour, Murray, Johnstone, F. Bligh, Mel-
ville. J. Fitzroy, Dundas, J. Howard, L. Grey; Nightingale,
Gage, M. Ross, M. Berkeley, I. Petra, and G. Bathurst.
Viscount de Flavigny, Count de Lottum, Count de la Pastua,
Count De I.annoy, Baron liolamb, Baron D'Oxenstein.
