LITERATURE.

Conslitutional Charter of the Kinyd •Irt of Poland. in the Te:.s. 1810.
teitA s.osis Ilenturks on the Manner in which the C torte, , and
the Stipulations in the Treaties relating to PeLtid, haw been ob.
served. Sold for the Benefit of Ile Military Hospita:s in Poland.
This work ought to be batight for the sake of tile find
which it is intended to promote. and for the sake of the
facts which it developes The first thirty- three pages con-
tain the Charter of Liberty and Independence pledged to
Poland by Russia and the allies ; and the subsequent part
is a relation of instances, in which the several clauses have
been grossly, cruelly, and insoltingly violated. In proof'
we will cite a few Articles, and then some of the outrages
on national feeling.
4. The Constitutional Charter determines the manner the prinehele,
and the exercise of the sovereign authority.
16. The liberty of the press is guaranteed. The law shall determine
the method of restraining its abuses.
19. No man shall be arrested except with the forms, and in the cases
preecrihed by the law.
20. Every man shall be informed immediately and by writing, of
the cause of his being arrested.
23. No man shall be punished except in conformity with t le existing
laws, and by the decree of the competent Magistrate.
23 Every condemned criminal shall undergo the penalty pre-crihed
by law, in his own country ; and nobody shall be carried out of the
country except in the case of banishment decreed by law.
29. All public offices, civil and military, shall be filled by Poles
only. The presidents of tribunals for the first hearing of causes. pre-
sidents of palatinate commissions, of tribunals of appeals, the nuncios
and deputies of the diet, and the senators shall be, without exception,
landed proprietors.
31. The PAW' Nation shall have for ever a national representation ;
and this representation shall consist of the diet, composed of the Kiii4
mid of the two chambers; the senate shall constitute one chamber, ar
the nuncios and deputies of the Commons, the other.
39. The king disposes of the revenue of the state, conft 'ratably ti
the budget, which is to be drawn up anti submitted to his approbation.
GS. The legislative power resides in the person of the king, and ii
the two chambers of the diet, conformably with the regulations iu
de 31.
87. The diet in ordinary shall meet once in every two years at War-
saw, at the time prescribed by the king in his act of convocation. Tice
session shall last for 30 days.
89. No member of the diet can be arrested or tried for a erhninel
offence, while the diet is sitting, unless with the consent of the chemist r
to which he belongs.
91. The diet shall deliberate upon the increase or diminution of it: .
posts, contributions, taxes, and political expenses of all kinds, on the
alterations which they may require, on the best and most equitab e
method of distribution, on the formation of the budget of receipts and
expenditure, on the regulation of the coinage and on the levy of re-
cruits ; the material" for such deliberation being furnished by the go.
vernment. It shall deliberate also upon all other subjects which may
he referred to it by the sovereign.
119. The whole kirgdom is divided, for the purposes of national
representation and election, into seventy-seven districts. It shall also
be divided into fifty-one communes ; eight in the town of Warsaw, and
forty-three in the rest of the coun.ry.
138. The judieial order is constitutionally independent.
141. The judges nominated by the King are for life, and cannot be
removed. The judges who hold theit seals by election are also Weeps-
ble of !..eing removed during the term for which they were elected.
163. Every thing not determined by an administrative statute or
code, and not included In the offices and powers of the diet shall be de-
cided by the King's decree, or by a government order. The statutes
and codes can only be medilied or changed by the Sovereign and the two
chambers of the diet.
Given at our Royal Palace at Warsaw, the 27th Nov. 1813.
(Signed) ALEXANDZII•
VIOLATIONS.
Whenever new regulations were to be made, the recollections, the
wishes, and the local necessities of the nation were set aside, and every
thing was to be modelled ut,osn what existed in Russia, or to be referral
to the grand duke or to the Russian commissioner, Mr. Nowoaylsoir, a
man notorious for his hatred towards every thing Polish.
At the accession of the emperor Nicholas, the power of the grand
duke yet farther developed ; and from all this, there resulted a state of
things truly tremendous. The constitutional power of the lieutenant
and of the council of administration was set in motion by an authority
modelhol on the despotic forms of the Russian government.
The introduction of Russian troops was only to be admitted in parti-
cular cases ; instead of which a body of 10,1100 Russian troops was per-
manently settled in the country. The greater part of this force was
quartered at Warsaw, and served to support the encroachments upon
Polish liberty.
The liberty of the press, so distinctly guaranteed by the constitu-
tional charter, was suppressed by a rigorous censorship introduced
by a royal decree. It extended to every species of publication which
was printed throughout the kingdom, and its strictness surpassed even
that of St Peteraburgh ; so that what was published at Petersburg!'
was forbidden at Warsaw. This censorship was more especially ex-
erted upon every thing that was foreign. The director of public edu-
cation was at the head of the censorship, and might be said to deters
mine the precise quantum of information and wisdom which the Poles
were to be allowed to imbibe from tireign publications.
During the fifteen years which have elapsed since the birth of the
modern kingdom of Poland, in all which time a restless police—a pos
lice paid for the express purpose of hatching amspinicies—has never
ceased to bring forward its political accusations—in all this time not
one man liar been tried by the regular tribunals; they have all been
tried and sentenced by the grand duke. Never shall we forget the un-
fortunate Lukasinski, condemned to degradation and perpetual impri-
sonment by a commission nominated by the grand duke. Long shall
we remember the persecution of the nuncio, Vincent Niemoiewski,
confined for years to hie own estate, for having freely expressed in the
diet, opinions which were not contrary to the state of things established
by the charter.
Krsysanowski and 3lajewski, condemned by the High National
Court, to suffer imprisonment in their own country, were aftersards
carried off into Russia, and it is unknown at the present hour, what has
become of them.

The royal authority was every day gaining ground over the legi►la-
tive authority, by the promulgation of decrees which ought only
to have been is►ued with the consent of tie two Chembene. The fun-
damental laws of the kingdom were (banged and modified perpetually,
under pretence of interpretation. Royal ordinance. decided the most
important affairs', and the Diet was soon confined to the discussion of
• few projected laws of secondary importance.
A man was responsible for his obedience or disobedience to the
orders of his Imperial Highness the Grand Duke, and never for dim.
obeying the laws.
The Diet which in all countries, where there is a natior al representa.
Lion at all, should he considered as a permanent body, was viewed by
the Government in the light of a fever or an illness ; when a Diet was
assembled precautions were doubled, and every possible means of in.
fiuencing its deliberations was sought and adopted; its proceedings,
even to the most trifling details, were all ordained by the Emperor.
From this state of things, accompanied as it was by the slavery of the
press, resulted a frightful disorder in every branch of the admini•
titration ; every thing was done without a plan, and without a spirit
of order.
During the fifteen years which the kingdom had subsisted, nor a sin.
ele budget has been submitted to the diet; and every thing relating to
the subject has been dove arbitrarily and by royal decrees.
No constitutionel budget was btought forward between the lest diet
in the Emperor's Alexander's reign, and the first which was held after
the accession of Nicholas. More than four years had elapsed in the
interim, but the tuxes were levied and executed as before.
Every day brought forth royal ordinances professing to interpret the
laws; the judges were compelled to adhere to these interpretations,
which were often uirtc•ly contrary to the spirit of the laws.
The tribunals were never established on the fonung which the consti.
lotion prescribes; there were ce tteaquently no judges elected by the ci.
duns, but all were of tic king's nomination.
Such are the principal violations of the Charter, for it would be im.
possible to enumerate them all. The Poles have employed all
laveul means efforded them by the Charter to obtain redress ; me.
mortals, petitions, nothing has been omitted, and these measures
have Leen repeated at every diet ; seed only when a disdainful si.
knee. and a persevering continuance in despotirm convinced them
that these means were unavailing, have they had recourse to imam
ction.
It the Poles have been duped by the cabinet of St. Petersburgh,
Ergland, Austria, France, and indeed all Europe. have been equally
duped. The barrier which the Polish provinces, although dependent,
were to oppose to the colossal power of the Russian empire, has been
destroyed. The danger to which Eutope is exposed from the Russians
is increased since the last war, with Ttrkey, and sires the last resi-
dence of Marshal Diebits at Berlin. It is well known that the inane.
rection in Warsaw was a temporary interruption to operations which
threatened the liberty of nativism, and which will be immediately re.
seamed, should Poland be subdued.

The receipts of the corporation of London amounted,
in 1827, to 133,1761. Os. 10*d. The bridge estates pro-
duced an addition of 36,5431. From the year 1780 to
1828, a period of forty-eight years, this corporation ex-
pended the sum of 60,2611. 51. for charitable purposes;
28,6621. 3s. 7d. for public purposes (including the expense
of 35 swords and 31 gold snuff boxes bestowed on distin-
guished characters), and the sum of 55,5561. 18s. 9d, for
improvements.
