.. .
cost the enemy 20,000 Men, according to their own tinctkrn. The Seraskier Couchand Huli Pacha Was
confession ; and if they ontinue in their undertaking killed.edtAll the entrenchments and their environs
against Portugal, they cannotsubjegate it completely were covered with slain Turks. The
.eirmy's loss
loss is trifling. Thus
without triple the number of their present army. I in killed exceeds 5000 ; our .
am of opinion, that all the forces which the-enemy was an army of 4.0,000 men dispersed and destroyed
have actually in' Sp nn are not sufficient to conquer in sine hours time."
and maintain Pertugel and the Provinces of Asturias SEMLIN, SEPT. 12.
and Gallicia. I say, maintain ; for as a ;:n impetu- They write from Bucharest, that about the middle
ous irruption, if intent upon it, they can make it; but of last month fresh Russian reinforcements arrived in
in the Province of Gallicia there are more than Wallachia. Field-Marshal Count kamenskoy has
160,000 men trained to arms exercised every Sunday, united apart of it to his army ; the remainder, con-
and so well disciplined, that it creates pleasure and I sisting of two divisions, of 10,000 men each, have
admiration to see them—and what still charms us marched to sustain the corps of General Count de
more is, the marked enthusiasm of all ; the old men Zukatoff. The Turkish corps, consisting of about
fall into the ranks as well as the young. 15,000 men, under the orders of the Pacha of Traw-
-41 The army of Asturias, serving under Ballas..e- i nick, has succeeded' in deceiving the Servian Corn-
ro7, in Lower Estremadura, as well as those in that , menders. After having made a detour, he appeared
province, are now equal to the most veteran French i in the environs of Gruschuatz and Novelasar, where
troops ; and if they were as well officered, fed, and he committed every thing to the flames and the sword.
clothed, they would astonish the enemy. Finally, my I About ten villages have been burnt, and their inha-
friend, be convinced that there is at this day in Spain ' bitants either killed or carried into slavery. '
more iarces, a great deal more enthusiasm, and more The entire population of Servia is now is the open
hatred against Bonaparte than at the commencement; country, with the exception of some workmen, who
and if we had but a good Regency and Government, remain, and those who are mutilated.
we should, with the help of England, be able to re- CONSTANTINOPLE, AUGUST 10.
silt the whole power of France." Another war has broken out in Egypt through the
" OPORTO, (via CoRuNNA), SEPT. 22. instigation of the English. The noted English agent,
‘, We have this moment received news from the : Fabiani, who falsely styles himself a Swedish Con-
'armies, -by which it appears that they have taken up I sul, has incited the Beys against the Porte, and
positions in their lines of defence within two or three ! against the Paella of Cairo. The campaign has been
leagues of Coimbra. On the 19th the English and . opened in the neighbourhood of Cisch. The Eng-
Portuguese head-quarters were at Buzaco. On the lish have thus withdrawn the attention of the Pacha
10th Lord Wellington's head-quarters were at Lorvo,l. of Cairo from the flotillas they have formed in the
and Marshal 13erestOrd at Beltao ; strong positions on
Red Sea.
the mountains leading to Coimbra. The French, who
PANSCONVA, SEPT 13.
it appears had concentrated their forces, including the ! Intelligence was this day received here that the
corps under Regnier and Junot, were on the 19th at Grand Seignior has arrived in Adrianople with a
Vizeu, and every thing see,ms to portend an approach- guard of 18,000 men.
ing engagement, which we feel confident will termi- I MUNICH, SEPT. 24.
nate. gloriously for the Allied Armies ; considering We are assured that the new division of the king-
the spirit with which they arc animated, and the skill
don of Bavaria is definitively settled. It will be di-
by which they are directed." vided into nine departments, of which the principal
The next letter is from Viand, and from the late-
places will be, Munich, Ratishen, Passau, Saltzburg,
ness of the date, and the inconsiderable distance from k Inspruc , Dellinger, Nuremberg, Barnberg, and Bay-
which that port is from the Theatre of War, intelli-
reuth. It appears that the town of Augsburg is not
Bence to a very late period might have been expected. to be the chief place of the department, because it is
The fact of a general enga:Yement, or any important dd inte n c to convert it into a fortress.
action, might have reached it, provided the comma- ;
COLBERG, SEPT. 18.
nication was not intercepted, within twenty-four hours
after it occurred. I According to the reports of sailors who have met
" VIANA, SEPTEMBER Cs. :
with English ships in the Baltic, the English fleet is
44 Vie are anxiously expecting news from our ar- in want of fresh water and provisions. The enemy's
The French, in great force, entered the pro- ships of war which cruize continually along the coast
vince of -Beira, in three divisions, to the amount of of Pomerania, try every means to procure provisions,
60,000 men, and probably more, with a view to force but in consequence of orders from superior authority,
their way to Lisbon. They had actually entered the countryrefuses to supply them, and they are unable
Vizcu, and were in the vicinity of Coimbra ; how- , to procure any at any price, or under any pretext what-
ever, it appears they have been worsted in all the en- ever. The Guarda Cotta: have orders to sink every
counters they have as yet had with the British and : English vessel which approaches the shore, and to
Portuguese troops ; and by the last accounts received sabre or make prisoners if possible the crew. The
by yesterday's post, it appears they were retreating English, who are unable to land on the coasts of Po-
in all directions. Several letters-received by the Por- merania, endeavour to carry off the vessels laden with
tuguese mention that a battle was fought on the 23d j salt, which go from Colberg to the other ports of our
instant, at Buzaco, where the French lost from Bto ! province. But these, when pursued by the enemy
9000 men. 4 run on shore, and sharp engagements are sometimes
46 The following is an Extract of the last advices the consequence.
from the House at Porte, dated the 26th instant : DRESDEN, SEPTEMBER to.
4We hear there has been some severe skirmishing be- Baron Juit, Privy Counsellor, returned yesterday
tween the French, and some Portuguese and British from Paris, whither he was sent by his Majesty on a
regiments (amongst them the 16th), and a general particular mission.
action is daily expected ; when we learn the result It is reported that in this country, as well as in all
we will advise you.' other States of the Rhenish Confederacy, a duty of
40 per cent. is to be laid on all colonial produce.
FRANKFORT, SEPTEMBER so.
Our Sovereign, the Grand Duke, has ordered, by
DEFEAT OF TIDE TURKS. an Edict of the 28th of this month, that the Impes
OrFICIAL REPORT OF THE RUSSIAN ARMY. rial French decree dated Trianon, the sth of August,
"The General in Chief Count Karnenskoy having ! shall possess the force of law in his dominions, and
kft Lieutenant-General Count Langeron before Rud- : that consequently a duty of 40 per cent. shall be
schuk, marched on the sth September, in person, , levied on all colonial commodities ; yet without the
against the enemy ; he arrived on the 6th, in the least alteration with regard to the decrees of Berlin
evening, with the army, forming five columns, in the and Milan, which are to remain in full force, as well
vicinity of the Turks, and ordered a general attack as the Imperial decree, by which the importation of au-
to be made on the following day. It began at ten gar, coffee, and cotton, is unconditionally prohibited.
o'clock in the morning, and at seven o'clock at night COPENHAGEN, SEPTEMBER 22. ,
the Turkish army was no more. A position which' On the 16th of the present month, a loud report
seemed impregnable, entrenchments defended with : of cannon was heard in a westerly direction.
the utmost obstinacy, nothing could withstand the , So great a number of Swedes have arrived at this
gallantry and perseverance of the Russian troops.— place, that many of them have been unable to pro-
That memorable day has covered them with fresh cure accommodation at the inns.
laurels. I The King and Queen, accompanied by the Royal
44 As soon as the attack began, Major-General ' Princesses, have condescended to honour the Count
Howaiski attacked and carried three redoubts, and Rosenkrone with a visit, at his seat on the road to ,
rendered himself master of the whole entrenchment ' Fredericksburgh.
which covered the enemy's camp on his left flank, I BERNE, SEPTEMBER 18.
near the Danube. In the mean time, Major Gene:, I The Empress Josephine and Queen of Holland
ral Koutnoff arrived from the other side also on the last week visited the delightful valley of Chamouni,
Danube, and engaged another Turkish camp which , and likewise the sea called the Sea de Glace, at the
had been formed there. In this manner, the enemy : font of Mount-Blanc. These illustrious travellers are
saw his entrenchments surrounded by our troops, but expected to join the Grand Duchess Constantine, in
notwithstanding his hopeless situation, and a very ' a few days, at Neufchatel.
brisk cannonade kept up on our part, he continued to $ PRIVATE LETTER.—STOCKHOLM, CCTOBER 0.
defend himself in the most obstinate manner. 46 At Orebro nothing is doing, and it le expected
46 An attempt made against his left flank having , that the Diet will be removed to Stockholm, on
proved unsuccessful, the General in Chief, in order account of the King's illness ; as also for the pur-
to bring the matter to a close, adopted the measure ! pose of receiving more splendidly their new Crown
of ordering Count Kamenskoy, General of Infantile!, : Prince, who is expected here on the 20th instant.—
PRIVATE LETTERS.
" CORUNNA, SEPTEMBER 30. to open a heavy cannonade, and detach immediately , There is a report that Alexander, finding that he
after twelve battalions to carry the entrenchment by must at all events lose Finland, has invited the •late
64 The French in Ciudad Rodrigo are surrounded assault, while he on his side detached Major-General Gustavus Adolphus to Petersburg!), to -put himself
by the flying parties, and are sometimes without any SabanajefF with ten battalions, to take the enemy's at the head of the Fins, and regain the Throne of
communication. i camp in the rear. I Sweden ; by this means Alexander will have nothing
64 This General
46 King Joseph has created a number of new bi-
soon after entered the Turkish . to fear from that quarter, and be able to employ all
shops, that of Zamora has been given to a Canon c f camp, and this unexpected attack, executed with the : his force against France, in the event of hostilities
Cordova ; the Archhishoprick of Seville has been utmost rapidity, decided the victory. A great part being commenced. Strong remonstrances have, in
given to a Friar of Santander; the auxiliary Bishop of the enemys horse took immediately to flight, and the mean time, been made by the Swedish Ambassa-1
of Toledo, and Seignor Cuerda, auxiliary of Porto was pursued by our cavalry, who killed a laige num- dor, Baron Oxenstierna, to the Court of Denmark, on l,
Rico, have offered to consecrate the new bishops
ber of them.account of the many captures made by the latter ;
made by King Joseph, even without the confirmation 44 The General in Chief, without the least loss of! not only the restoration of ships and cargoes indiscri-
of the Pope. time, ordered Major-General Sabanajeff to lead on' minately, but also indemnification for loss of time
64 The Nuncio of Spain is author* eed by the Pope part of his troops against the last and strongest Tur- I and expences have been demanded. Threats are even
to dispence with the affinity of bloo I in relationship, kish entrenchment ; but observing that the darkness ' said to have been used on the part of the Swedish
according to the representations of the bishops.
of the evening prevented the troops to act, lie post-1 Government.
46 Our army of the left has its head-quarters at poned the attack until the next morning, and ordered : ~ It has been proved, that three privateeri, be-
Merida, and the French are reunieing at Seville. . the troops to retreat. During that time Colonel Ber- longing to a practitioner in the Danish Court of
44 Ballasteros attacked a convoy that was going to her attacked the enemy's flotilla, captured some yes-' Chancery, have made a great many captuies by the
the town of Castello de Ins GuArdias, escorted by sels, stink a great num er, and dispersed the rest. following stratagem :—The Counsellor's privateers
44 D
SOO men, the whole of which he took, killed 50 of ; •
UMW the nigh Turks finding themselves keep close together; one of them hails any Swedish
them, and the same number of prisoners, and a great surrounded on all side sent an officer to capitulate, vessel they fail in with, over-hauls her papers, and,
many wounded." i and soon after surrendered at discretion. The whole in doing so, the party boarding contrives to deposit
ANOTHER LETTER—SAME DATE. . ! camp, all the arms, baggage, and artillery, 178 stand a letter or writing into some locker, or to drop it
.si Millions are spent here in the works of defence • of colours, and upwards of 5000 prisoners have fallen into the hold—the vessel is permitted to proceed ; in
but untiltheprojected citadeleare constructed upon the . into our hands. . half an hour one of the other privateers hails and
ing heights, there will be no security: these 1 46 Among the prisoners is Achme, a Pacha of boards in like manner, the fatal document is found,
, Coriinms will be impregnable. The towns Three Tails, the Commander of the flotilla, a Pacha the vessel is seized, carried into a Danish port, and
et *as note, such as Astorga and Ciudad Rodrigo, of Two Tails, and a great number of of of dia. / toufiscation is the sure, the unavoidable consequence."

mics.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
