SUPERIOR. SCHOOL BOOKS;

.111'sTEIR REV. T. CLARK. •
I.MFIE ENGLISH PRIMER ; or, Child's Fist
-A. Book : arranged on such 1 plats as cannot fay .to delight.
young Children, and facilitate their Instruction in the I?dernents
of Spelling and Reading. By the Rev. CLA nliustrated
by upwards of 200 Wood Enzravings. :tel.-sewed, or /od. hound.
" This little Primer, at the moderate pfice of sixpence, appears
to justify what isyromised hrthe tale; Deing,Vits kind, the moat:
complete which has-of late come-under our esbanivatippr —eGen-
tlernan's Magazine. See also 4lostthly Review. -
2. INFANTINE STORIES, in Wards of One,;Two, and
Three Syllables. • New Edition. By Mrs. Fenwick. With six
new Plates. 2s. 6d.

"This is one pf the most interesting little Books that can be
put into the hands of a Child, after the Primer."
3. TABA RT'S NATIONAL SPELLING-BOOK; or;
Sum Guide to English Spelling and Pronunciation. The whole
compiled from the Dictionaries of Walker, Sheridan, and Jones;
the Syllables divided and accented agreeably to their approved
methods; and arranged on such a plan as cannot fail to fami-
liarize th_• art of Spelling and Pronunciation, remove the difficul-
ties, and facilitate general improvement in the English language.
Revised and improved by the Rev. T. Clark. Is. 6d.
" The spelling columns in this Book appear to have been ar-
ranged and accented with much care and attention ; so that chil-
dren, who may easily be made to understand the marks here used
to direct their pronunciation, will acquire an unusual degree of
accuracy, and avoid much future trouble."—Monthly Review:
4. The NATIONAL READ f?.R : consisting of Easy Les-
' sons in History, Geography, Biography, Mythology, Natural His-
tory, Ste. The whole arranged On an improved plan, and illus-
trated by nearly one hundred Engravings; being a Sequel to she
" National Spelling." By the Rev. T. Clark. New Edit. ss. 6d.
" These Lessons are indicioirsly selected ; and there is a great
deal of um- ful information in a cheap form."--Literary Gazette.

. S. A FATHER'S FIRST LE iSON ; or, A Day's Instruc-
die Excursion: consisting of the first Elements of Useful Know-
ledge. By L. F. Jauffret, Author of the "'Travels of Rolando,"
" Fables for Children," &c. With five Engravings. 2s. 6d.
This little Work will be read by Children both with profit
and delight. It is intended to excite the attention of Youth to
the beauties of the Creation; and under the following heads will
be found a variety of useful and pleasing information :—The
Morning—The Firmament—The Existence of 'Goo proved, by
the Wonders of Nature—The Dawn—Sun Rise—The Earth—
Mountains—Minerals--Vegetables—Re-production of Vegeta-
bles—A nimals—Quadrupeds—Birds-- Reptiles--Fishes—lnsects
—The Wonders of the Human Body—The Sight--Ilearing:—
Smell—Taste—Touch—Hand and Arm—Man in Society—
!lnman Inventions—Varieties of Languages, and of the Iluman
Race—A brief Description of the Earth—Of Europe—Asia—
Africa—America—The Clouds and Rain—Winds—The Sea—
Rivers—Sun Set—Return Ilome, and the Family Supper—The
Evening Walk—The Stars—The-Moon—Night—Sleep.
6. CLARK'S TOUR of EUROPE: illustrated with Maps
and Engravings, price Bs. Abridged by the Rev. T. Clark,
from the following popular Works, viz. Simond's Tour in Great
Britain ; Dupin's Excursions in England, Scotland, and Ireland;
Curwen's Letters from Ireland; Hall's Travels in France; Tap-
pen's Tour in ditto; Mrs. Bailey's Tour in ditto; Semple's Jour-
ney through Portugal and Spain: Southey's Journey in Spain;
Semple's Second Journey in Portugal and Spain;
_Forsyth's Ex-
cursions in Italy; Galt's Tour in Sicily; Galt's Visit to Malta;
Qalt's Tour in Turkey ; Journal of a Tour in Holland ; Neale's
Travels through Germany, Poland, Moldavia, and Turkey; Dr.
Thomson's Travels in Sweden ; Mrs.Wolstonecroft's Letters from
Sweden and Norway ; Sir John Carr's Travels in Denmark ;
James's Travels In Russia; Dr. Macmichael's Journey from
Moscow to Constantinople.
7. CLARK's TOUR of ASIA: illustrated with Maps and
Engravings; price Bs. Abridged from the following popular
Works, viz.—Lord alacartney s Embassy to China, from Sir J.
Staunton, and J. Barrow, Esq. F.R.S.; Lord Amherst's Em-
bassy to China, from Messrs. Ellis, Abel, and M' Leod ; Barrow's
Voyage to Cochin-China; Morier's First Journey through Per-
sia, Armenia, and Asia Miner, to Constantinople ; Morier's Se-
cond Journey through Persia, Armeni!, and Asia Miner, to Con-
stantinople; Lieutenant Ileude's Voyage up the Persian Gulph,
and .Tourney Overland from India to England ; Lieutenant-Colo-
nel Fiticlarence's Journal of a Route across India through
Egypt to England ; Captain M.V. Kotzebue's Journey in Persia ;
Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson's Journey Overland from India to
England, through Persia, Georgia, Russia, Poland, and Prussia;
Elphi::stone's Account of the Kingdom of Caubul.; Captain J.
Kinneir's Journey through Asia Minor, Armenia, and Koor-
disvin ; Galt's Letters from the Levant; Knox's Account of the
Island of Ceylon, and of his Captivity during Twenty Years;
Captain F. Beaufort's ; Count Forbin's Travels in
Syria and the Holy Land.
'

8. The TRAVELS and OBSERVATIONS of HAR EACH,
the WANDERING JEW ; comprehending a View of the most
distinguished Events'ln the Ilistory of Mankind, since the De-
struction bf the Temple of Jerusalem by Titus ; with a Descrip-
tion ()trite Mlinners, Customs, and remarkable Monuments, of
the most celebrated Nations; interspersed with Anecdotes of emi-
nart Nen of different periods. Embellished with Maps and nu-
merous Engravings. Collected and arranged by the Rev. T.
Clack; price Bs. Second Edition, revised and improved, with
many valuable Additions.
9. A NEW SERIES of SCHOOL MAPS, of the princi-
pal States and Kingdoms throughout the World, from the latest
and best Authorities. By Arrowsmith and others ; coloured.
Printed for John Souter, at the School Library, 7;;, St.
Paul's Church-yard ; and may be procured through any Town
or Country Bookseller.

The „first General 'Meeting of this Club was held
at the Royal Hotel, in Chester, on Tuesday last ;
and one more respectable for rank and talents was
never witnessed. Ninety-five Gintlemen sat dawn
to an excellent dinner a little before six o'clock, with
that venerable Nobleman Lord CREWE, in the Chair;
and4Jtottc,a WILBRAHAM, Esq. Vice-President.
A Meeting was.previonsly held for the dispatch of
btisiness, when letters.were read .from a number of
Gentlemen, expressing great regret at being p: e-
vented from Attending this first Meeting, and their
' hearty good wishes for its success.- At thesugges-
tion olseveratMembets froth the adjoining district,
the title of the. Club .was changed from the " Che-
shire Whig Club," to the .‘ Whig Club of Cheshire
and the neighbouring Counties." It was also re-
solved; that the nest Annual Meeting be held on the
,9th October. 1821 ; Gttosvx Non, President; and
Admiral Tom.assactra, Vice-President
- Present Lords 'CHF:WE, Gftostrallott, ANsox, Sir
H. E.'BuNaonv, Sir J. STANLEY, the•HOH. ROBERT
'GROSVENOR, and other persons of distinction.
The cloth being removed, Non nobis Domino, was
sung, and the usual loyal. and patriotic toasts were
'therl drank.
"The immortal memory of Charles James Fol."—
"(The manner in which this toast was received sheaved
that-the Meeting fully appreciated the talents and
political' principles of that gireat man).
Lord CREWE then rose and said, that he had to
'Propose the health, of his Noble Friend on his right
hand, and he had not the least doubt but that when
it was announced it would be received with that en-
thusiasm it so greatly desetved—he meant " The
health of Earl Grosvenor."

On the announcement of Lord Grosvenor's name,
the applause from all parts of the room exceeded all
that had preceded it, and continued for some time.
Earl GROSVENOR then rose, and said he returned
them his most. sincere thanks for the high honour
they had just conferred -on him by drinking his
health, especially when done in such a flattering
manner. He would just make a few observations on
the importance of the day, and the occasion on which
they were met—an occasion as honourable to the
Whig Club as it was to the county and country, in
general. They were met to celebrate and keep alive
in their minds the general feelings of the Constitu-
tion, as established by their ancestors in 1688 ; and
when he mentioned the glorious rtruggle between
liberty and slavery—between passive obedience and
the 'assertion of our rights as became Ihitish free-
men—he begged their courtesy for a few moments,
when he made a few observations on the principles
which this Club was established to preset ye; and he
had no doubt that he should receive the sanction of
those around him, when he said that those principles
animated the great body of the people generally—
' (Applause).—lt could not be said that they did not
act up to the pi inciples they professed,•when• he wit-
nessed the enthusiasm with which the former toasts
given by the Chairman had been received; he meant
" the Trial by Jury"—" Liberty, civil and religious,
all over the world"—" The Freedom of the Press"—
and a the memory of a distinguished and immortal
Patriot." The Noble Lord concluded a speech of
some length, by giving a little advice to the younger
part of the menilmrs who had enrolled themselves
under the banners of the Club—that if they did-
change their political opinions and influence to the
side of their present adversaries, let it not be done
from the seductions of power or the blandishments
, of a Court, but from honest, upright," and conscien-
tious motives and convktioris. If they did so, the.
world would soon do them justice—would soon ap-
preciate and respect their worth ; but if they acted
otherwise, the world would not long be deceived—
they would be unmasked, and their pi etensions ex-
posed. Lareentable, indeed, was it to consider the
number of individuals who had unfortunately fallen
into the snare power had laid for them. He trusted
it would not occur again; and his Lordship con-
cluded by returning the Gentlemen thanks for theho-
nour they had done him—(Great applause).
Mr. 'WILBRAHAM rose, 'and said he should take
the Eberly of proposing to the Gentlemen, as a toast,'
" the health of the worthy President'—(Applause):
On every occasion, from his earliest infancy, he had
been taught to look to theexample of Lord Crewe
as a model for imitation. Ile could regard his Lord-
ship in no other li;lit'thati as an honest man and an,
accomplished Gentleman. . • I
Lord CREWE returned his most sincere thanks for
the honour they had done him in drinking his health.,
On the occasion of the American war, he was .in
tminority of one against that unnatural war; but he
soon afterwards had the pleasure of seeing himself' in
a majority of fifteen, by which that abominable war
was stopped. He could only say this, that whatever
might be the burdens which the people of England
had to bear, he could lay his head upon his pillow
and say, he had not contributed to the lightest por-
tion of them—(Applause).
The CHAIRMAN then proposed the health of a friend
of the Penple:--he meant Mr. Htime.—" Sir *Henry
Bunbury and the Whigs of Suffolk," followed.
Sir HENRY BUNBURY returned thanks. He always
took a pleasure in visiting Cheshire, from the grate-
ful recollections with which it was associated in his
mind, his ancestors having lived there fur six or seven

centuries. That Pleasure was sm* greatly enhanced
by seeing so numerous and tospectable a Meeting as
I that now assembled. He could only say, that it al. ways wa°, and always would be, his bighe4 political
[ambition to assert, to the utmost of his power, the
rpiinciples they were now met to celebrate.
• Mi. WILBRAFFAiI then gave a toast—.. The Che-
shire Whi7. Club, and sticeest to ii"-:-.(Appinare).—
' In giviogthisleiastahe Woad he expected,'as he had
r been•pirticiilalOrifie any/ szeitytis in its formation,
Ito say So risAtbiti";. its eti iq and Object.. Is was
• • 1"
not to. serve any.' local politieo
.purpose; ai," if' that
had been thedisiect, mi.:Aires than those would
have been "-warranted' tirekle gpniiticeof their idver-
, saries. ft was to Collett the scatterecfrays •of pa.
triati,m, which-they knewindirldn'ally did exist, into
a &rens, to embody the, ihadOw into a substance, and
Ito'form a raiying point throughout the country.—
They. could not but siert Trith. regret and alarm, the
hush, uneonstitiotionsl, and pernicious tendency Of the
acts of Government itotthin-the last few years.; espe-
Cially the suspension of the Ifihns- Corpus Act, and
the severities exercised unJer hardly knew how
to term it—at the.unfortunate affair at Manchester.
The outrages that had keen eVicted throughout a
certain class of the commuuitf from that event; had
.given some. colour to the tyrannOtis acts of Ministers,
and served as an excuse for their perpetuation. It
was not long since the military were called. out upon
the People, and that too when a compliance with the
wish of the People seemel to be dictated by the sound-
est policy, as well as ths common dictates of huma-
nity—(l/ear).—The. basis upon vyhich our forefathers
built our rights remained unassailable. To counter-
act, if possible, this system of misrule, and to encou-
rage every virtuous and patriotic feeling,• were the
objects of this Society. Gentlemen could recollect
the contrast to the pre!.:ent.Government, eibibited by
the pure councils of oar ancestors in Parliament.—
They advised with wisdom and acted with energy in
the glorious Revolution. Could they then suppo.,e
that the liberties of the People were not their chief
aim and object, and that they drove out tyranny by
the expulsion of the dynasty of the Stuarts? They
did not discard •the principles with the dynasty.—
When the Legislature established the Constitution of
1688, they declared it to he on the principles of Par-
liaments frequent, and elections free—( Applause).
They could not hope to obtain the respect and willing.
obedience of the People, without reverting to those
principles. There was no object they could propose
to themselves. that, would command the obedience
and attentiorkof the People so much as by persevering
in their demand for Parliamentary Iletorm—(Loud
applause).—The Constitution ought to be the rallying
point, and they ought still to venerate and protect it :
and while they adhered to these sound principles with
integrity, they would obtain the confi:lcnce of the Peo-
ple. The Whigs yielded to none in loyalty ; he did
not mean that fulsome adulation of which they had
heard such a deal lately, but that true• British loyalty,
which, while it respected the just prerogatives of the
Crown, while it upheld the privileges of the Peers,
was not forgetful of the libel ties of the People. The
freedom and happiness of the People Were the only
objects of all good Go eernments. I-ic should conclude
with drinking " The Cheshire Whig club, avid suc-
cess to it."—( Loud appkuse).

" Mr. Phillips, Lord.Molynatx, Mr. Lirch, and the Whigs
of Lancashire.

Mr. Pnll.l.lrs • returned thanks on behalf of the
Whigs of Lancashire.
The CHAIRMAN then gave—. 4 Colonel Hughes,
Mr. Maddock, and Mr. Milli:lms; and all our inde-
pendent brethren in Wales."

Lieutenant-Colonel HootEs in returning thanks
said, he admired the plan of the Club ; he was a
friend to its principles and those of Whiizsisni, which
were in direct opposition and natural enemies to the
Tory doctrine of passive obedience and non-resist.
ance. Ile had heard some people say—What had he
to do as a soldier with anything: like the discussion
of political topics? he had only id obey. the •corn-
mands of his Oificer. But he would retort upon these
good-natured people and say, that ions t•ver much he
Belt the necessity of passive obedience. in .its fullest
extent, whilst fulfilling his duties as a.si4ldier, so much
the more did he feel in proportion on die acct essiry in
his civil capacity to abhor and detest those. doctrines
which went to pet vert.their rights. It had.been said
that a soldier had no rights, but if to, why was he
tried by his Peers and by a RI iti.ll Jury before be
could be condemned to death ?—(.-fir)dartse)..
" May the (7momons nous: of Pantomime be the real He.
preseotatives of the People 4 ,F.riglaza."—tiprouse).
"'The Memory of Lords Somers and Delaware, who sup.
t 4;. ' ported the Revolution of 168 Song—" Liberty
The Cit last Ati then begged•to propose as a toast
The health 'of' Sir John Thomas Stanley, Bart.
[ the Chairman of the (quarter Session

Sir J.- T. SrmiLix retutned thanks for the kind
notice they had hieU. pleased to take of him : it was
an honour And every tri.l4, of independence
would prize, and *Mill tie felt' more t!,:in be could
express at present. ''•He had lately kept aloof horn
politics, but from his youth upwards be had always
adhered tp.the Whig principles, and a proudersissust
than Whig, England could not boast.
Sir J. T. STANLEY then gave—" The Committee.*
Mr. EDWARD DAVENPORT said, it might be •ex-
pected that he should say something concerning those
labours which had been so handsomely ackpowledged.
In these days, when self-interest was generally found
to be the key to a man's politics, amt in.tliis particti-
hr district, where Public guelings were, ni,foi tunately
more remarkable for adylation than Jiherid opinions ;
in such times and in such eplitce, to•Vgioid so im-
posing an array of the rank, propert.i, talents, and
respectability of the countrytmet If to foster Al 4
• maintain the princi.p.:es of the glorieus Revolution,"
was, indeed, matter of pride Vali exultation. And he
trusted that the Noble Lords who had this day ho-
noured them with their company, and who bad last
.year fought their battles, and .encountered in 'their
cause the insoleace cf their opponents, were by this

to
ame cceivinced that wou call
what )ii" fd'venture
their martyrdom. bast been atnded with at least
some beneficial etsitstctikkaes.
Lied CREWE then gkve—,, Lord Anson, Mr. Toi-
let, and. ..Ike Vihigh.of Stnfordshire."
Lad Amine returned thanks for the honour they
bad done him by drinking his health, and coupling •
it with the Whip of Staffordshire, though he could
not flatter himself that he deserved it. It gave him
great satisfaction to see so numerous, important, and
respectable a Meeting as the present. It was a glo-
rious day for the County of Chester—it was anexam-
ple for all England, and he trusted it would not stop
till Whig Clubs were established all over England—
(Apple' se). —lt had been urged that this Club was
not for the purpose of serving a political party.;
but if a general feeling like this • were mani-
fested, there must soon be a change of Administra-
tion— a change which would bring in some of the best
men in the country, and who possessed the confidence
of the people. At least, it a change were not imme-
diately produced, the Ministers would feel a cheek
upon them, which they would find too powerful to
oppose. The union of the Whigs and the People
would be irresistible for the Ministers. They must
succeed, if they would but persevere steadfastly in
upholding the principles they were now met to cele-
brate—(Appleese).--His Lordship then concluded by
giving—." All the 'Whigs of Cheshire."
Mr. WILBRAHAM proposed the health of Mr. Wil-
liams, who returned thanks in an eloquent and ener-
getic speech.
a Mr. Tolle; Mr. Sudworth, and Success to tke Plough
and the Flail."
Mr. TOLLET rose, and commenced an eloquent and
excellent speech. He spoke of the vital importance
of agriculture to the country at large, and of the re-
ciprocal advantages and dependence that subsisted
between trade and the products of the earth—lamented
the supineness of the Country Gentlemen, to which
were attributable those burdens and that neglect
which agriculture laboured under. He. said, 52 inde-
pendent Country Gentlemen in the House of Commons
would have prevented those grievous calamities which
everywhere so much abound.
Mr. Suovroarn briefly retooled thanks to the com-
pany, and particularly to his Lordship, for his kind-
ness in connecting his name with that of a Gentleman
so well known in the agricultural world. Mr. Sud-
worth then begged leave to give-4. May the County
of Chester be as rich in honest principle as in valu-
able produce."
At about half-past ten o'clock, Lord Geosvetroa,
Lord ANSON, Sir JOHN STANLEY, Sir HENRY Bt n -
sußy, and ore other Gentlemen, retired from the
company, and the meeting soon after broke up.
