PRividt i.ErrERM

" PAW?, JANUARY
" There has been some degree of inquietude iind
agitation iu Patis for some day; past. The guard at '
the Tuilleties was doubled on Tuesday evening, acd
last nig"t it was tripled. Numbers of people were
arrested last week, and since three or foe; days the
attests have greatlytulti'plied. There is a report it:
Circulation, but to which k do not attach any credit,
that a project has been formed to. surround the
leries a tatty 4 the whole Royal amity."
Pans, lANUAIItY en.
" The accuent gave you in my /Ist letter of the
political situation of the country is but too exact.—
Every day, every ha=■ an:tents the consternation.
Though every face is lowring, no one can espi iiu
the immediate cause of apprehension, N si teme acs
cease alma male." While other batteries ala Consrese
ate erecting at Montmartre, St. Denis and its vici-
nity are again swarming with foreign troops, and
many mere: ate retrograding towards the metropolis.
M. Talleyraud, whose judgment is supposed to be
infallible,* and whose movements are suaiously
watched, Thal with. mysterious celerity made ever)
prepration for his sudden journey into Italy, and
this accounts for the sale of part of his plate, which
appeased the other day so inexplicable to all Paris.'.

ANOTHER LE 17ER, SAME DATE.
14 Sir Robert Wilson and his associates are stilly At.
La Force, but are allowed to sec their friends. It is
said the Marquis. of Bucking tam has shewn a consi-
derable degree of interest for them. Lord Aucklan4
had yesterday a conference with Sir Robert, who ik
said to have declined that his resolution not to reply
to slr sign any interrogation was because such a doeu-
Jnent was to be used not in his favour but against him ;
that fora Magistrate to extort a similar act from a
pironer was the most flagrant injustice, a truth so well
recognised in England, that tke Judge on the Bench
' frequently interrupted the accused, ex dick, with the
well known henbane Caution : 4 take care, prisoner, what
you, ars advancing now tends to criminate yourself.'
41 Mr. Bruce, it is pretended, Lis not adhered with
equal perseverance to this systien. of silence t when
demanded by what right he 44d interfered, be is re-
potted to have answered—i not merely by r4sito but
1/4 ay, After the ratified Convention of Paris,
every -Englishman becomes a /stew; it is, therefore,'
eiert t nglishman's dutx to see it executed, and I
rely on the good sense and honottr of my countrymen
for my future justification and, protection.
41 TO Duke of Wellington, and our Ainlipsmstor,
Sir Charles Stuart, spent thiewning of yestteriday at
the hotel of the Minister of Pplke, where hiajxcel.
lency had invites! ibintnibea of distinguit44g)er.
;t ante It i?oaeildlin utotnl .vi:tr,4crisnuccihaildroivabs ti.
itaint
Hutthinsoci now defain.4l in icon ison bey le.Weeneh
gun:lmmo, and %flint biul a Cimt 1,4.1.44

T 111.!; EVii,NING STA

LONDON.

. _

THUIVtDAY, JANUARY 25. 1816.
eGNTIRSTON Of Si. PAI/14.-+Haildity at the 211111111

IMIMIIMMI

The Paris Papers of the 291 ate now due, nor do
the private letters tectived yesterday add much to
what was before known respecting Sir Rosen'. Wu,.
aint, Captain HUTCIIR4SON. and Mr. Buoys. Sir
Rosser continues to refuse to answer interrogatories,'
and in this he is certainly right; for by such means
'apparent coasistenoy is sometimest given to pound-
less charges, and links ate formed to being into one
system disjointed facts which have in themselves no
real connectioo. We are not speaking now of the
guilt or innocence of Sir 'COURT j. but of the essen-
dais pf justice. If he be guilty of a crime, we
hope he will by no subterfuge escape the just ope-
ration of the ktw ; but if innocent, let not illegaf
meano be aougbt to damn his good name. We must
say that we have seen, in some of the London Papers,
very unfair attempts made to lower his character. !X
this kind we consider the imputation of having, forged
the Document published as the Report of M. Poxso
Bohan t and why is he to be held as the author of
this paper i—..imerely Sesause a very slovenly copy of
it was found among his papers by the Police I By
this mode of reasoning the papet must have had a
hundred authors ; for bad the Police, instead of
searching Sir Roseter's apartments, searched those of
almost any Englishman of the smallest consideration
in Paris, they would there have found a copy of the
paper in question—in fact, retry one is eager to ob-
tain copies of singular documents, some for their
awn information, some to send to the Editing. of
London Papers,, and some to send to their friends.
We hav,e ourselves received manuscript copies of
different curious documents before they found dick
way to the press. What part SW kr/UWE may have
acted respecting the escape of LAvaLerre we know
note-the evidence when fairly brought•forward, will
best elucidate that point; but, as the friends of jus-
tice, we cannot bat reprobate attempts to, lay to his
charge the crime of forgery, merely because one of
the copies, of which there were many, was found
among his papers. •No man .should be prejt4ged,
but a man is prejudged when other acts, affecting his
moral Character, are imputed to hiropending his, trial.
'Sir Ronette has also been charged with obtaining a
I passport for an English General Officer, under which
passport Lot-au:Try travelled. We will not receive
on any evidence which we have yet seen such a
shame against any British Officer. Let the charge
be FArst proved,
We are under no amehension that any of our Red-
ders will sal ar misunderstand our meaning as to believe
for a moment that we are of the number who rtijoice
at the escape of LAVA LETic—perlinps the vilest of all
the traitors that joined in the conspiracy against theta
lawful Sovereign ; or that we would justify the part
which any persons, be they who they may, took in
effecting his liberation—exceptiag only one, namely.
van wife. Her act we do applaud, nor do we w:sh
:for the good opinion of any (if such can be found)
who would condemn this act of conjugal affection.
But in our detestation of the treason of LavaLarre,
we will not allow ourselves, nor our Readers, if we
can prevent it, to be but into a sweeping admis-
sion of charges against honourable men, not yet sop-
'potted lay evidence.

Some Gamut and Dutch Papers arrived this
morning, from which we make the following extracts :

BERLIN, JANUARY 16.

His scellency the Minister of the Interior, C. Von
Scbucktnaan, has laid before his Majesty the King a
view of the manifold and very considerable sacrifrces
which the late rapiily and gloriously-ended war re-
,cluired, and which the people has again made, with
th• loyalty and devotedness which distinguished it in
the eventful years 1813, 1814.

The following Royal Decree is a speaking proof
of the affection and simple dignity with which our
virtuous Monarch always addresses his faithful people:
" The manifold requisitions and sacrifices which
the late short and glorious war demanded, combined,
with the zeal and gooe.-will every where displayed
by she Magistrates and subjects in submitting to them,
have induced me to lay befOre his Majesty a view of
Idle supplies of every kind which they have furnished*
and thereby to prove, that while the Prussian army
:gained great victories, the rest of the subjects, in
their respective situations; fully proved their loyalty
and attachment to their King and country. His Ma-
jes,ty has hereupon been pleased to express hiinself
in the following terms, in a Cabinet Order of the
16th instant :
'4, The view which you ha re given of the supplies
furnished by all the Provinces of the Prussian States,
proves equally the good spirit of the subject' and of
the Authorities who were employed in famishing
men, and in providing military requisites and supplies
'for the troops. I have not left unobserved these
proofs of inviolable attachment during the whole
course of the year; it has,, however, given me great
pleasure to see the above great results placed in one
view, and I charge you co snake known to the Ad-
moiirratiee Authorities and to the country, my satis-
faction and acknowledgments,
I fulfil this agreeable duty, with the conviction
that both the Administrative Authorities std the

-...••••11...

gubjects will find in this royal ricknonlagi
sweetest reward for all their efforts and sm.,
(Signed) " T. SC MC'
" Bei'WON& 9, 1815. " Haase 1)4
s DRUNSWK:K, JAN3ART Ifs

Yesterday morning Priace Blucher let,
Wolfinsbuttle, where he had been Iwo days, f
He has not honoured us in Brunswick wig
He was, however. formally invited to Coat
declined. Count Sci*enburgt and man,
belonging to the Court, invitedhirn. He wa
With great joy at Wolfenbuttle, as elseibe,
forbid the loud buzzes because i affected I
His Royal Highness the Duke of Can*
awceived, 34 we bean from the Prince RI
Usufruct of the Domain of Rotenkitcb
province of Grubenhager:, tided!,
dependencies.; His Royal Highness will
principal building there put in order for
seat, and pass several months in Scene
agreeable abode.
Jexuair 17.—TbeLandwehr battalion
marched in here this afternoon A gre
the inhabitant*• went out to meet it. 1
Highness the Duke of Cambridge, with
rode to receive the battalion at the gate, w
welcomed by * deputation of the MAgis
,then tutored amidst this acclamations of
tants. The soleinuity of this day,, so joy
icillsens of Hanover, was increased by t
stance, that 196 invalid* of Waterloo. wer
ed and treated with wine at the everue

sembly of the states, on which occasion e.
maimed warriors received from the Ladi
and personally from some a the members
stockings, atc. To.mosrow, each of tl
wounded will receive two pistoles, and
one pistole from the • Ladies' Society.'
lish Government has given permission lot
the Royal. German Legion to crier into t
riaa service, retaining theie English
Commission of thvee English surgeons
arrive hese, to examine all the winker
was of the Legion, who by wounds c
have ItemMe unit for service, and to s
Diehl) Governinkot which of them are
receive a pension from England. But a
Lion of the Legion in the English servie
Face before the English Government
upon the reports of the Commission, tb
peoposed to receive a pensiol sae ta rec
of an Hanoverian soldier, till it is deci.
they are to have a pension or not. Sul
ob;ain a pension, will have a sum, of mot
their expenses horn...,

The Funds yesterday experienced. a I
Cent. from a report that the Minister m
any I.uan, but that he would be able I
be wants in Exchequer Bills, and tha
Fund would remain and not be dimini
we consider nine hundred millions of
laced the plans of Finance, that nine
lions will rise 10 per cents, if this is h
that if he borrows in Exchequer Bibs, l,e
peace remain, 10 per cent. higher,„ in al
next year, limn he can borrow at
this tiuse, the saving is too groat tol
The last Loan of thirty-six argon: is
rid of j and, therefore, time should. be
Funds to recover a fair price. it is, dis
very injurious to the public, that a r
money should gain a greater interest
cent. in the Funds, a no loan can be e
siven to tradesmen at legal interest.

The Earl of Livsureot. giave a rani
ner yesterday, at Fife•honse.
On the evening of the 23d instant ti
scription Ball took place at Ashford. 1
rou sly and respectably attended. 'We a
of the ISth Hussars and t2th bright Ar
The Hull Advertiser says, 44 !sleeting
be held in several pans_ of the West Ri
pose Petitions to Parliament*** the tt
of the Income Tax."
In consequence of the ba'lot at 11.loy
to confirm or reject the Resolution alto,
per day to each Member of the Conit
personal attendance, as great a bustle
the City as sometimes has been witness
casion ot s general election. The pa
against the question have met in all di
eating the votes ot their respective fri
Dixpx,. 14 Sid:MON' and other 4
Lurstes, embraced .the Opposition c
but they failed of success. The qnestie
as follows :-For the Resolutions 458,-
928—Majority 110.
A private letter from Paris, dated
ing last, at tea o'clock, contains the foil
—" Lord Rinnaird has just trceived
the Minister of Police to quits Paris in
Lordship requested the permission tor
Monday next, but his request was refus
Esttacts from the French Penal Cod
Att. 940. 'S If the primmer or prisoners 1.0
puaisbabk with death, er perpetual imprison
were condemned to either, the hiller, or pen
the care of them, shall be pitaithed by imprita
to two years, if gußty of neglect. laid b
hard hbuur, for a limited time, in case of ems
" Than who were nui charged w
pawner or edam en, and who Malls ham emu
their escape; shall be cendensmd to hnertao"
at lease, and am Toms et smelt.
Art.l44. 'a when these who conVilet or (1
et
a prisoner shall have seer oded by corms*
mown with Wm, they dial be condemned is
mein as the jailers themselves.
Art. 545. 4! now who costal, or moer le
sous whom they Mum Minute etwookted cap'.
t° imPrilanfOgat from three nv.oto
• Are rlqx spud frout.tlas line the ascendant
husband, or wife (.Men divorced), bream., a
mina anceatsdor 4telr tuitions IP the am'

, a

k*a

.~...~

itAgiOATB; JANUARY t 4. •
4; she Juno horse transport and several freight
for Calais. The .59th sad 62d Regiments
parebed in from Deal, and been embarked on
gibe William Pitt, Seahorse, Lord Melville, and
„,a maims, for Ireland, whither they will sail
Dde, The 14th Regiment had marthed half
rhos Deal, also to be embarked for Ireland,
icenneer orders met them, and they returned to
crigiaal quarters in Deal Barracks.—Arrived
n DWI the Marshal Blucher, Lively, Rachel,
Iglisabeth freight vessels, with 40 horses and men
bt sj Dragoons, and about 60 hones and men of
gold Artillery, so that -what with embarking
diesebgebieg, we have had a busy scene here
10.gbeugh not attended with the confusion one
iiibave expected, owing to the experience and
Ail of that excellent Officer, Captain RAINS,
art for transports. The wind having come
Id somewhat favciurably, several coasters and
rot& bound to the Westward, have got to sea.
DOVER, JANUARY U.
it'll:limas of the Royal Horse Artillery and
ot Brigade continue to arrive here every day
&air, in vessel: belonging to this port, and
hoot Woolsvich as soon as they land. 'A'
I.ocithe 2d Dragoon Guards embarked here'
garter Calais. the 2d battalion 62d Regis
owshodfrora the Castle yesterday for Rams-
* k for Ireland, there being no empty
'skim harbour ; and the 4th-battalion itoyar
isuclad into the Castle froth Deal. The Ling
etthis port, which was reported to be this.
, its fee Harwich during., the gale of the 17th
sad arrived there safe Abithnut any damage
Ike white?", although she had on board upwards
'f•s MO besides horses.

'

Dor transports, with troops, sailed from Plymouth
Tub day lot St. Helena.
satialkon of the Duke of KENT'S regiment is un-
orders for immediate reduction.
Court Martial has been held at Cork on Liett-
, t.Cotooel STAMER, of the Clare Militia, for ha,-
slanted himself kohl his regiment without leave,
the 28th of July to 'the 17th of September,
15. and fin some tins/ between those periods; for
via); quilted the United Kingdom, without leave
ly obtained, between the 28th of July acid the
of his returnto the regiment in the garrison
c, for having. permitted Captain Mas,ey, of
are Militia, when under his command, to quit ,
quarters of the regiment tin leave, on or about cite
day of July, 1815, although ho regular notifica-
tifleave of absence had been obtained from the
'..adder of the Force s ; when he was found guilty
first and recond•charges, and acquitted of the
. and sentenced to be dismissed the regiment ;
'-i,sentence the PRINCE REGENT has approved and
ed ; but tinder all the circumstances has been
• to remit it, and restore him to the functions
Es commission. •

NanfL INDELLIGENCE.

au. aui. All 6 DV&
ph • •. o * Ugh., .- . o o
oadht .. 0 t Cadiz - - . 0 0
{ woe ad liner 1 0 Malta .- - 0 0
• - 0 1 Hamburg!' • - 2 0
• - A 1 Otittenburgh - . 0 II
,The Kiag George packet, reported to haws been
to la happy to say, has got into Harwich,
FALMOUTH, JANUARY as.
14 inivals.--Sailed the Duke of Kent packet,
• *Mail for Lisbon ; and the George packet, with
Si for Sedum ; the Barbara, LINDSAY, for the

simidi ; trod the Lord Dupplin, Rows, for Lou-
Wild variable from North to South.
PLYMOUTH, JANUARY as.
Case in the Narcisse, PARTENSY, for France;

lime, FALL, from Guernsey ; Agenoria, La Roy,
Geerosey. Sailed the Him:toy-AN store ship,
linthe West Indies ; and Harrington, Ctausttxu, for
Isterforclo—Wind S. E.
PORTSMOU fH, JANVARY 24.
Aftired the General Hewitt East Indianian, CAMP.
r.,, from the Downs, bound to China. Sailed the
Eltt, . Croat, for the Brazils ; Salisbury,, OMAN, for
; Merlin, for Jamaica; Lord Hungerford, and
for the East Indies ; the James, for Rio
te.e:Dar and several transports, with troops, for St.
and Cork.

HARWICH, JANUARY 24.
Arrived the Lady Nepean, and the Beaufoy
hcketb-both with mails, from Cuxhaven.

DEAL, JANUARY 44.
d this morning, the Bengal Merchant, Gott-
I; far India ; Lick l'ar, BELL, for Jamaica ; Prince
6414 SCOTT, for the South Seas, and several more
hoard bound. particulars unknown.—Lastevening,
'lit o'clock, a breeze sprung up from the S E.
enabled the remainder of the outward-bound
weed ea • their voyage. Arrived and rev...ien
Oder, Sir Alexander Ball, BRocoicz, twenty.five
Page from Hayti.—Wind E.S:E.
GRAVESEND, JANUARY 24.
the Samurais, John Gower, for Bombay; Her 6, D.
for Genoa; Palemon, John Vayl:r, for Barcelona; Mary,
br klamburgb ; Guede Hoop, S. H. de Groot, for Am-
Arrived the Julfrow Sutzke, Agra, and Brown
from Hailing; "Ocean, Williams, from Cadiz; Lucy,
from Gibraltar; Neptunus Vi en, from Antwerp ;
ha. Overhand, Ondernamli;flr tapper, and Chrigilsa'
tram Rotterdam.
CIAMBURGH, JANUARY 15.
We have within a few days had the agreeable sight
at this season of the year. of the arrival,
667 ships from England, France, Portugal, Ame-
aad other 'countries, with rich cargo:s.

atterday a Court of Directors was held at the
, to4ia House, when the following Commanders
g ,their fival leave of the Court previous to depart-
lot their respective destinations, viz. :
ile ClPlia C. BARNARD Wexford; Captain T. HAvnint, El-
• .CaPrain P. RIiLLT, Regent; Captain J. Issas, Fun
The ; ' Madras and China.
underrnentioned Captains were sworn into the
wand
%:. of their respective ships, viz.
till
0...L.1%110rigs Surat Castle ; for China aut.
--I'l r• warms', Lea IGO i for Madnr aid bola

'" . -'
' W‘ •

. ~~'

WEST INDIA. SLAVERY: •
. -
Ai this subject kvill flukey the early attentkin of
Parliament, we only dischirge it deli to butuanity
in calling the attention of Ministers, and of Members
of Parliament, to the facts stated in the following'
letter. is Oran*, hirers:me I, 2551.
Yon left us about a year ago, we were then
starving—no corn or flour was to be purchased. The'
crop of last March proved worse than the fanner,
and yet plenty prevails at this moment. When the
badness of the last 00 was ascertained, our Lieu-
'tenant-Governer said he would renew the Proclaim.
tions, which no doubt were the means of saving this
Island from famine id the latter end of last year t but
he has not, owing, it is said, to orders he received
from home—he, however, has adopted other mea-
sures, which have answered equally well : so early
as last April, he gave licenses, geatir, to every vessel
that would bring corn into the Island ; and he sent
some, I am told, to every part of the West Indies,
where it was probable corn could be had. Small
vessels pay no fees whatever, if they bring corn
alone. If an inhabitant petitions for permission to
export any thing, it isgeanted, provided be engages
to bring back a loath of corn. if a foreign vessel
comeaoff the port with flour alone, she is not per-
Mitted to enter; but, she has any corn, she is wel.
come.. By these MOM we have pigsty of this nuts-
sary article, and it now sells at 11 dollar per bushel s
when you left us it was selling at five dollars. It
oUr Lieutenant-Governor had not taken these mea-
surel, we must have.been at this present time in a
state of th,e greatest distress, as we have had-no rain
for the last nine months and our Planters say they
will lose all their cattle, if the rains do not soon set
in. The last crop was so very bad, that only seven.
Planters have now corn sufficient to maintain their
Slaves :—Among those fortunate few ate your
friends Rom and SCoTBOOKOD, of Santa Martha—
all the rest must purchase foreign corn ; and you
know many have from 100 to 150 Slaves to teed for
the next seven months, until the next harvests as
things are, it will go very hard with Many of the
Planters, but it corn was as dear as last year, they
would be ruined.
4. Our Lieutenant-Governor not only takes care of,
our bodies, but lie attends also to the morals of the
people, and in order to prevent as much as possible
out licentious customs, he grants licenses for mar-
t tage, gratis. to every 'person who declares he. is too
pour to pay tor it—no questions are asked to ascer-
tain the fact, but the license is at once signed. There
has been, iii con sequence, more marriages since Ge-
neral La Coo runes arrival, than for ten years before.
aa I should be very happy to see the good inten-
tions of your Parliament carried into effect through-
out the West Indies; and it they do really wish to
encourage matrimony in these countries, and the
manumission of Slaves, they ought to' pass laws to
favour such views. The leading members of your
Government cannot but know, that all the local laws
and ideas of the white inhabitants are opposed to
such beneficial ends, and that it is their policy to keep
the other class in a state little above the brute crea-
tion. The fees in the different offices for a license to
marry, amounts to about LSO or £4O, and how can
a black man pay that, who has not a farthing to
spare ? In Jamaica, lam told, the least sum paid
by the poorest free Negro for a christening, is two
dollars.
la Every impediment is also put in the way of the
manumission of Slaves. When I quit this place, I
should like to give freedom to my slave Joust, who
has been very faithful to me—but see the expense at-
tending it : I paid £l5O tor him four years since—
'to make him free, the Colonial duties amount to
about ltX) dollars and the fees to the Governor and
different offices will amount to 50 or 100 more.—
This is not all, I am bound to give security of 0200
ilia be will not become a charge to the Island.—
Such expenses are a bar to the good intentions of the
best disposed people, and are calculated to rivet the
chains of slavery and misery in these countries.
al It is to the benevolence and enlightened views
of your Parliament alone that a degraded race have
to intik up for further support: much good has been
done, but the evil is not eradicated. If we cannot
strike at once at the root of a poisonous weed, we
must adopt other means to check its progress.
4, These• people ought to be christened and mar-
ried free of expense ; schools ought to be established
among them, and Proprietors bound by law to send
their Children-Slaves, at stated times, to receive
mural instruction. Every individual Slave, who has
by his honest industry earned a sum sufficient to pur-
chase his freedom, ought to obtain it without paying
the enormous fees exacted by the Governors, Clergy
and Colonial establishments. Masters should also be
empowered to grant liberty to faithful and deserving
Slaves, free of expense—ahe worthless and incorri-
gible alone ought to meet with difficulties• in obtain-
ing freedom:
4, I know it would be difficult to persuade Planters
to adopt these measures yet I know, by my own ez-
.perience, that a free Negro, who has Iris character at
stake, will perform the work of four Slaves. lam
raware that a Slave is not• to be suddenly transformed
into an industrious and active free man ; his 'lazy
indolent habits, and indifference to reputation and
character, are the natural consequences of the smithy
of slavery, and the totalateglect of moral and reli-
gious instruction. Bat let the Negro, of both sexes,
receive instruction in their duty to GOD and to their
neighbour, very early in life, and In freedom be held
out to them as the reward of industry and constant
good behavioist, whenever they can purchase it, ind I
will venture! to promise every Planter, that, in the
course of twenty years, his plantation will be culti-
vated and worked by one-third of the hands which
be requires at present.
' We live in an age when ignorance can no longer
be a guarantee' for passive submission, therefore -let
the Planter consider how muoh he is interested in
giving that instruction to his Negroes. which is de-
rived from the pure fountain of truth.
al We are UN:ripe: of seeing our Dutch Governor
very shortly—it is said inDecember ; but there are
many among us who would prefer to remain under
the &lush Governmeat.":

•
iRIGIITOM J‘INUART
.
e doper party at the Pavilion. last night con-
listed of about twenty persons of• rank, principally
belonging-to the Roy al Nine. The PRINCI R.ROCNT
was so moth better that he was in the salon, and in
the apartinent adjoining the music room for upwards
of three hours. His Royal _Highness was entire:;
Ire.: from pain, and remarkably cheerful.
The following is a collect copy of the Bulletin
exhibited at the Pavilion this morning:
" Tuesday, Half-put Ten, A. M.
The runes RIGUIT has pissed a quiet night, and his
Royal Highness is, in every respect, as well as be W 3, yesterlay•

• 44 M. J. TIERNEY."
JANUARY 24.—The report of Dr. TIIKUEY this
morning, respecting the Paint Rinsames-coMplaint
of the gout, is extremely satisfactory, inasmuch as it
is impossible for his Royal Highness to do better,
and no doubt is entertained of his speedily getting rid
of his troublesome companion. It is, however, re-
ported that his Royal Highness will not open the
approaching Sessions of Parliament in person.

HOAL—Monday last was Cited upon for a grand
race day on Brighton course. A young :prig an-
pounced to some of the knowing ones in London, and
a•
tew persons in Brighton, that the PRINCE REGENT
would give £lO5 for a plate, aadpumerous twitches
were to be run, and that he was to be Steward. 011
thin :epresentation be obtained a hors" to be entered,
an.. !ie purchase was to be conditional if the animal
the plate. But elm ! the Steward went to Lfm-
don the day before, and the wholn turned out to be
Boaz.

ROYAL HUNT.--Monday Were was Most excel-
lent tient with the Royal Stag hounds. They were
started from near iiracknel. The deer at starting
afforded some excellent sport,and went off with great
swiftness through the inclosures, making towards
Waltham Common, passing by the new lodge on the
edge of the Forest, where he took to the left, and
made an excellent leap over the palling into Windsor
Great Park, and made across the Park, and went out
of the Park by Bishop's Gate, and crossed Inglefield
Green, making down the bill, and towards the Race
Course, near which spot he crossed the rivet Thames;
the sportsmen and bounds, in consequence, made for
Staines, and crossed the Thimes by the bridge, and
took the country to the left, towards Raisbury, where
the deer and the chace were renewed, with the • deer
quite fresh again, having had upwards of an hour's
rest, and he set off again with great swiftness, and in
very fine style, taking to the right by &awe'', mak-
ing a double to the left by Clubrook, where he
.crossed the Bath road, and made for Riching Park,
the seat of Squire Selwyn, where he attempted to
leap over the piling, but not being able to accom-
plish it, he fell back, and after that he took to the
tight, and in his caurse he crossed several pieces of
water, and then took to the light of Colnbrook, to-
wards Drayton-mills, where this tine deer was takes,
after upwards of three hours excellent hunting. At
the commencement of the hunt, the sportsmen were
very numerous, but the run being so very hard, they
were all knocked up anA g ive tip the chace, except
five or six, besides the Kaye' Huntsman and his assis-
tants, who were up when the deer was taken. The
Royal Hunt will be renewed on Friday, when the
deer will be turned out on Salt-hi:lt-or the day's diver.
fiietu,,asdlicit.is expected to ket eery great. as it is a re-
markably tine deer that is I.) be. started.
Fox Cilace.—One of the severest fox hunts we
ever remember to have lizard cr read of, took place
last week with Mr. Sweetnian's hotinde, near Dublin
The tn9rning's sport commenced with a bagged fez.
which did not give much amusement before he was
killed. After that a brace of bares, both of which
gave excellent sport, met the same fate. The field
was exceedingly crowded, and about three o'clock
another fox, which had been taken the evening be.
fore by Mr. Segrave, of Newbarn; was shook at the
ward beyond Finglass ; he took Cie soil in fine style
towards Newbarn ; thence he torched at Mount.
stewart, and headed towards Mr. Baker's, of Mae-
hoe, where he traversed, for some time, all the
grounds thereabouts in search of an earth, but in
vain—the Boyne hounds being out the same day, all I
the earths had been previously stopped for them.:---
Finding himself foiled in his abject here, he ran to''
Maul—beaded again towards Stedalt; and raade a
east towards Mr. Caddell's, of Harbourstown, where
lot earthed after nightfall. At Naul, Mr. Gilbert',
hone *Wed dead wader him. While rising to a
Map, Mr. Langan's horse. of Batriantown, fell ex.,
bausted into the dike, where be broke his neck, and
was killed on the spot. Mr. Seaver, of Ballybohill.,
lost his horse in a similar way, and two other Gentle.'
n, whose names we have not been able to learn,
were obliged to leave their horses in the field, where
dwi shortly after expired. , The length of this chace
iicomputed, at the least, to be sixteen miles, without
taking, into consideration the various traverses the fox
made in the course of the chase. It was quite dark
when the fox took the earth. We do not remember
ever to have heard of so many fine horses falling vic-
tims to the ardour of the chace, on any one day
Wore.
• GALWAY, JAW. 17—Committed to gaol, by Pavia
O'MALaY. Esq. Pat. Carrel and J. Cunnican, charged
with having, on the night of tae - sth instant, with
their faces blackened, and aimed with scythes, pitch-
forks, and a pistol, feloniously and forcibly entered
the house of Edward Horseman, of Moycuse, barony
of Longford, and after swearing the said Horseman
and his wife to quit their house, &c. they carded him
from his neck to his heels, turned. his shirt over his
head, and swore his wife not to liberate him till the
following day, after which they deliberately walked off.
CoRK, JANUARY 18.— Petri 4 Deavean, another of
those charged with a conspiracy to murder that ac-
tive Magistrate, FRANCIS WOODLert Esq. was taken
at Tallow, last Sunday morning, by HENRY Gym-
Burros, Esq. a Magistrate of the county of Water-
ford, and transmitted 'to Waterford Jail, under an
escort of the City of Cork M litia, and strong hopes
are entertained that he will give important informa-
tion relative to the disturbances in that part of the
country.
The Rev. Wen MASSRY, a Magistrate of the county
of Tipperary, lodged in • Clonmel gaol, on Tuesday
sennight, John Halloran and William Hickey, charged
with conspiracy in.the murder of William Baker, Esq.
There are now five men committed for trial, charged
with this murder.

?ARCM" of a CAMBRIDGE ELIMINATION

PAPER.

[The following jeer d'Er /frit 's written with perfect
4110d-humour, arid we haste no doubt will excite no-
t:lersonhing-sn againstbt cnrre
whomsponigi
it is
good-humour even in the
principally levelled.—
Every Cambridge man, who has undergone the ordeal
of an examination for an University Scholarship,
will, we think, find amusement in reading this Pa.
rody of the usual style of the Papers of Questions.]
UTOPIA UNIVERSITY.
ttetireestaert 9657.
dive a comparative sketch of the principal
En h Theatres, with the dates of their erection,
the names of the most eminent Candle ..nuffers
Arad) ? What were the Stage. boxes ? Wh It were
the Offices of Prompter—B dlerosiaster— and Scene.
shifter ? In what pan of the Theatre was the One-
shilling Gallery t Distinguish accurately between
Operas and Puppet.shews.
2. Where was Downing-street ? Who was Prinie
Minister when Crib defeated Moliiteux—and where
did the haule take place ? Explain Vie terms milling
—fibbing—cross buttock—neck Ind crop—bang up
—and 7priai.e.
3. Give d rtes of all the Parliaments from their
first institution to die period of the hard frost on the
Thames. In wiiat. moat' f whet year was Mr.
Abbot elected S;; .31tvr Why urns he called " the
rude man in the wig ?" When the Spc iker WAS nut of .
the chair, u•' ere was the mace put ?
ANt Xlo.i6.t..orate the prilitnit ;Leases of cal d
about London, marking those of the Tayl-rs,
layers, and Shoemakers. and stating from what
Brewery each house was supplied with Brown Stout.
Who was the tutelary Saint of the Shoemakers ? At
what time washis feast celebrated ? Who was Saint
Swithin ? Do you remember any remarkable Eng-
lish proverb respecting him t
5. Give a ground plan of Gilead House. Men.
tion the leading topics of the Guide to Health, with
some account of the Anti-Impetigines—D ffy's
Elizir—Blaine's Distemper Po wcli Wenn
Lozenges...4nd Hooper's Female Pills.
6. Give characters of %Vat Tyler, Jack Cad?, and
Sir Francis Burdett. Did the latter return from the
Tower by water or !anal? On what occasion did Mr.
Lethbridge's 44 hair stand on ind"? Correct the solo-
cisme and give the reason of your alteration.
7. Enumerate the roids'on which double toll was
taken on Sundays. Did this custom extend to Christ.
mas Day and Good Friday ? Who was toll-taker at
Tyburn, when Mrs. Brownrigg was executed ?
8. Distinguish accurately between Sculls and Oars
—Boat, and Punt—Jackass, and Donkey—Gauger,
Exciseman, and Supervisor—Pantaloons, Trowsers,
Gaiters, and Over-ails—At what place of education
were any of these forbidden ? WhiCh ? and Why ?
9. Express the following words in the Lancashire,
Derbyshire, London, and Exmoor dialects—Bacon.—
. Poker— You—l—Doctor—and Turnpike-1;4.e.
W. Mention the principal Coach Inns in London,
with a correct list of the Coaches thick set out from
the Bolt-in-Tun. Where were the chief stands of
t Hackney coaches ?—and what was the N. of that in,
which the Princess Charlotte drove to Connaught
House ? To what stand do you suppose this removed
alter it set her down ?

• 11. Give a succinct account, with dates, or the
cuLuwirig pers,-ais—Bulclter—Mr. 'Waitinroan—Major
Cartwright—Martin Van Butcher—;end Edmund'
Henry Barker.
12. Draw a Map of !he Thames with the surround-
ing country, inAl king pwicularly Wapping, Black-
4all, Richmond, and the lsl of D.,gs. D,itinguish
between Newcastl..- en Tyne, and, Newcastle under
Line—Gloucester and Double GI ,ucestcr—and the
ttso Richmonds. What celebrated Teac:ler flouri;!ted
at one of them ?—and who were his most eminent
Disciples ?
IS. What were the various sorts of paper in use
amongst the English ? To what purp.se was whi:etl
brown chiefly applied ? What was size ? Distinguish
between this and College sizings, and state the ordi-
nary expense of papering a room.
14.. 4!' For every one knows little Matt's an M.P."
Frag. Corn. Inc. ap. Morn. Chron. vol. 59, p. 1624.
What reasons can you assign for the general know-
ledge of this fact ? Detail at length the ceremony of
chairing a Member. What were the hustings? Who
paid for them ? Explain the abbreviations—Matt..—
M.P. Tom. Dick. F.R.S. 'LL.D. and A.S.S. .
15. What was the distinguishing title of the Mayors
of London ? Did any other city share the honour ?
Give a list of the Mayors of London from Sir Richard
Whittington to Sir William Curtis, with an account
of the• Cat of the first, and the Weight of the last.
What is meant by Lord Mayor's Day ? Describe
the Apothecaries' Barge, and give some account of
Marrow-bones and Cleavers.
16. When was Spyring and Marsden's Lemon
Acid invented ? Distinguish between this and Es.
sential Salt of Lemons. Enumerate the principal
Patentees, especially th6se of Liquid Blacking.
17. Scan the following Lines--
But for shaving and tooth-drawing,
Bleeding, cabbaging and sawing,
Dicky Gossip, Dicky Gossip is the man !
What is known .of the character and history of
Dicky Gossip ? •

Tuesday se'nnight, in Brechin, eleven doaen of
eggs brought twopence more in price than a boll of
the best barley.

The following case of mortality has occurred within
these ten days, in the family of James Cruick:haiiks,
at LnchfaulAs, in the parish of Fetteresso, Scotland :
Si: of his children, out of seven, have all died of the
croup within that short period, and the unhappy faultr
and the remaining child, are now dangerun,iy ill.
It is reported in some of the first circles, that the
Agriculturists intend petitioning Parliamtnt, to re-
duce the legal interest of the Realm. Some of the
best lawyers have doubted the policy of restricting
the interest of Money at all, but particularly in a
commercial country. The speediest agricultural re.
lief would be found in stacking each farm with MINT
sernrfrom the Wheel of Fortune, by securing a share
of the Two Prizes of 25.000 Guineas, or of the 'lwo
Prizes of 820,000, or of either of the other 6667
Prizes of 45000, £lOOO, 4500, &c. &c. in the pre-
sent New Year's Lottery, which contains €200,000,
All in Sterling Money, and begins Drawing 14th.
February, being Valentine's Day.
