how, in contehipt of the alsbrd clamours of bliml
anti Jittemted pertizans, all which the Revolution,
has produced of good, of iiktiti principles, cotzipit-
table with snonarchical habitudes, has been religiously
preserved.
" Reflect well upon these things, and say to your-
self,*, I beseech you,' General, s Certainly Louis the
Eighteenth is a philosophical King; one who before
and at the commencement of the Revolution, was
one of the most zealous defenders of public liberty ;
the high Magistrates, the Commanders by whom lie
is surrounded, are almost all the children of that Re-
volution, and hostile alike to ancient abuses and an-
cient prejudices. These men have raised themselves
by the Revolution to a level with the first families of
France, and are elevated by the same meanir.—and
lifted up in the same storms; it is impossible that we
tore than they should now sink into degradation.'
" Say also to yourselves, ' Bonaparte was a perfi-
dious and cruel despot, who scarcely employed in his
policy any other agents than such, as were as faithless
and immoral as himself ; better had it been to have
battled in our last entrenchments than to have nego-
ciated with that Corsican, who knew no: what it was
to respect a promise. Louis XVIII. is a legitimate
Sovereign, the descend:Liu of St. Louis and of Henry
IV. He employs to treat with us only men of honour,
of unprejudiced minds, and who have perhaps, under
another Government, supporter! our cause, both in
their wrhings and discourse. They will not listen to
the voice of men blinded by their errors or vaned by
their Inisforwries. Louis is the father and the corn.
mon arbiter of all his subjects. Let us place ail our
emitiatnce in thisgenerous, patriotic, and enlisillitened
Prince; he will communicate to us tiro rights. of
French subjects and of French citizens, a gilt flefAr
tainly more precious than the hazard of being cleated
as criminal barbarians or Maroon siegroes.'
" Make these refh.ctions, entertain this monol:que,
General ; impress your own conviction on the sensible
men who merit your esteem ; anti you will at o;:ce
entitle yourself to the most honourable marks of yonr
Sovereign's satisfaction, and of the gratitude of your
country and the Haytians, whom we cannot consider
other than French.

" You have too much penetration, ten sound an
understanding, General; you know FrAtice too well,
to mistake this language for that of weaknesst.weAlc-
ness is content to menace ; the strong or the powerful
strike and crush whenever they find- their generosity
disdained or misunderstood, &c. (Signed)•

" DAUXION CAVAiSSZ."

Count Limonade thereafter read to the Council the
pamphlet of one H. Henry, printed at Jamaica, and
entitled—is Considerations addressed to tle
tants of St. Domingo, on their pre,-nt state, xad the
fate that may be presumed to await them."
The reading being terminated, his Majesty c yid
44 I leave it to the wisdom of the Council-General
of the nation, to take the measures :aid resolutions
which it may deem necessary for the sal-ay 4 our
country. The result of its deliberations, provided it
do not compromise our lio.:our and the interests of
the Haytian people, shad be tlie iavaliable rule of
our conduct."

His Majesty then retir,:i amidst acclamations of
Ville le Rol 1 The CounGil having been then condi-

tuted under the Presidency of the Prince de Linrbe,
Minister of War and Marine, the Coult de 14 Taste,
Minister of Finan:e, officiating, as V•ce-President,
and Count Ennery and llircn Des alines as So‘re-
taries, the following Address was unanimousli
'agreed t••

ADDRESS TO TILE LIMO.
44 SIRE—In the annals .the world nn example
can be found of an overture for peace, accomeanorti
by such fright!ul and disgraceful circumstances, 44
that made by the French General llakizion La.
vaysse, in the name and'as the agent of his Majesty
Louis XVIII. .

" Nations, Sovereigns, and even individuals, have
certain rights, which are respected even by the most
barbarous people, and no one is permitted to violate
them. But if men in general have agreed to respect
these rights, sanctioned by custom and public de.
corum, -how much more odious it is that the Envoy
of an enlightened Monarch and nation has dared so
openly to violate them !
44 What! the most abominable tyrants, when they
wished to oppress and impose on people the yoke of
tyranny, employed perfidious means, and concealed
their criminal enterprises by specious pretests, be-
cause they did not dare openly to vtolate public
rights • but the Envoy of the King of the French im-
pudently violates every right, and offers the greatest
of insults to a free people, by proposing to than the
alternative of slavery er death !

" And to whom does this vile agent dare to ad-
dress this declaration of the atrocious intentions of his
Government ?—to your Majesty, the conqueror of the
French—the defender ot liberty and independence,
to you, Sire, who have devoted your whole life to the
maintenance and defence of the indestructible and
eternal tights of man—to your Majesty, who have al.
ways taken, as the rule of your conduct and actions,
the honour and glory of the Haytian people ! He
dares to propose to you to descend from a throne
where you were placed by thejor and gratitude of
your fellow citizens!-Oh, extravagance of insolence
and infamy ! He duet to suspect your great soul of
such an enormous perfidy 1 'To whorls do they dare
to speak of master: And, of slave: P To us—to a free
and iadepeadent people—to warrior. covered with
noble wounds received in the field of honour. who
have rooted up the ancient tree of prejudices and sla-
itery—to those warriors who, in a thousand combats,
have. made theie barbarous colonists bite the dust.
And now the remaining colonists who escaped our
just vengeance, dare still to speak of the re-establish-
' meat of that detested reign which we have' for ever
cast offl—No, there shall never exist a master nor a
slave in Hayti !
" Could your Majesty have expected such exces-
sive insult from a Sovereign whom fame has repre-
sented so as a wise, good, and virtuous King, instruc-
ted in the school of adversity, and an enemy of illibe-
ral prejudices ? How little truth, Sire, is there in
fame, when we compare events with her anticipations.
The first overture for peace, the first words of conci-
liation which are addressed to us in the name of this
Prince, of whom we had formed so pleat.ing.an idea,
are outrageous insults. It is proposed to men who
have been free for 25 years, who still hay:. arms in
their hands, to lay them chra n in order to take up
again the fetters ot ignontiokus and barbarous
slavery 1 In insiimating to us these horrors, they
