ration of virtue unfelt, are to enter. pour ways, Co i.
tens : they ate to pillage out heirses,t Ind to fob
you not only of yoirr ptolierfy, brit of the keno& of
your chldren—they are to illstr*t you how to he
free and happy. Such Masteyi, itty good Citizens of
Antwerp, you will. be the lett to receive.
id • But those who' stould eornpel you to ahindon
your own, and to embrace their principles of morals
and Governmen4 must have some pretence for their
conduct. and what is it ? What is the slavery *hith
they would convince you yob ought to them* off ?
In one word, it is the Coriicaption. It is not you selm
complain :--it is not those whows they say are most
affected by the Conscription this complain, hit Great
Britain and her Allies that comp/ght. Truly ; and
well they may. It is not wondetfdl that they should
object to a system upon which the liheities of Europe
have been built, and by which they are maintained :
it is not surprizing that they should resist the conti.
nuance of a plan which has hitherto ditaippointeti
their dearest projects, and which will yet compel them
more fitly to estimate its utility.
'B4 What do they offer you as a stitittitutei tp
which freemen may submit? They tell you that it is
very, horrible slavery for a man to fight for the coup.
1)t thargaVe him birth, and gives him happineii :
but whit ikti expedient do they offer ? It is not,
indeed, a ne* expedient—it has before been tiled
among the tyrannical Governments of the North s it
is not putting arms into the hands of one man out of
50, or 4.0, or 30, but it is a scheme by which all are
compelled, are indiscriminately driven into battle ;-..
compulsory volunteers, like their other contradictory
. absurdities, who are forced to enter. a service they
abhor, Under pretence of being called upon to fight
fOr their country. The Landwehr is not only what
they forge the Conscription to be, but something in-
describably worse, as you by better experience might
find, if his Majesty the Emperor had not timely sent
you aid to avert so dreadful a calamity.,
(4 Crrizr.ss or Aravezar—As I have before re-
hiar!:ed, you are not so easily to be improsed upon:
experience will guide you to a safe conclusion. Ask
those who have tasted the benefits of British policy
whether .they admire
_the alteration ? The meanness
and dtepticity of the conduct of England cannot be
bettel• characterized than by this circumstance, that
ekile sl.e has been by her arts deluging the North
with blood, burning the capitals of mighty Empires,
and mit only destroying population but life through-
out the countries her Allies have traversed, she with
little dunning, but with much impudence. attributes
all these Mueries.to the policy of France.
" Stich an antagonist, viewed in a true light. you
itiielts of Antwerp, will be ever ready to resist with
firmness and resolution, supported as you are, .and
shall still further be, by the power and abilities of the
Einperot and King, who relies with confident secu-
rity upon the loyalty .and -affection you have ewer
evince, k :,Signed) 44 4 DECAENS.
" Antwerp, Dec. 21, 1813: "
Tn addition, it appears froin the accounts brought
ity these who hare escaped,.that there was every dis-
position on the part of the French Generals to defend
Art`twerp to the last extremity ; such was understood
-to be the command of the French Ritter. The reports
respeettng tuttults antnng the-inhabitants in order to
ihroh, off the yoke of the enemy, does not receive'
tie slightest countenance, nor do we believe it proba-
ble, in a place to long subject to Wench discipline,
incl.'s() well acquainted with French punishments.—
' bides the 21 ships ;of the fine afloat, the' ts are tive
tfprin the stock's, foot of which are readYetobo launch -
ed, acid two of those dute-deckerl. •
''ll No intelligent; e -Of'the. Oirder of. Gorcum has
been received. The °AGO t prevailed 'a week
that this place 'Would bon be in the hands of
the Allies, originated in I Vapposition that the karri-
snit would accept the tern is offered ;befit: 'fltrie ins
effectual attempts by lags of truce.have been made
by tltte Allies, and Oxelaombarciment.N. at my last lettet
•snkrmed you, war to commence iminediately ; bat
had not been'seriou,sly "begun the day before yes-
teretait, althongh most of the al eatery had been placed
upon the. batteries. The sealing-ladders and *other
implements had 1116 arrived, but the Allies were Yet
in no situation to tinploy diem Lattgroi, the French
Corntanders is said to be of a most undaunted spirit,
very. erne, and not likely to have any consideration
for the unfortnnateinhabitants•of Gotcum.
" A. Very ,sticcessful 'enterpriZe of the totaseks
under the *ails of Hamburg recently took plade,'
which has not been noticed vopst hes swept away'
ah6ut 8000 houses, for Mint a suburb between Ham
burgh and Altona, on which he ordered batteries to
'be raised. The inhabitants-of Alton'a remonstrated
very strongly against this undertaking, since the artil-
lery, if planted and discharged from thence, would
inevitably destroy their town: Davoust, however, was
inflexible, and sent out of Hamburgh between 4 and
500 workmen to accomplish his design. A body of
Cossacks, however, under the orders of the intrepid
Count Luning, had penetrated to the immediate vici-
nity, and under the'very walls of Hamburgh, within
sight of the garrison, carried away as prisoners the
workmen, who had just begun to open the trenches,
without the loss of a single life on either side.
" The period for raising and embodying the troops
under the Decree of the_Landsturm has not yet bees'
fixed; but preparations for that purpose are making.
The volunteers are summoned, and are daily marched;
to the various depicts. There ate already two regi-
ments ofinfantry ar Breda, One at Dordrecht) and a
troop of newlrraised cavalry at the Briel.
" The Hereditary Prince of Orange has recently
paid his respects to Sir Thomai Graham, and the
rest of the British Officers at Tholen, inspecting the
military condition of the country through which he
. .

plocceadi."

.;

I

N.

~

FURTHER EXTRACTS rROM THE DUTCH PAPERS.
BREDA, DECEMBER 26. • .
" A-conrier, in two days from Bremen, has brought
here the important intelUgeoce; that Denrrtark has at
last joined the allies ; and that Davotot, forsaken by:
' all the Danish troops, has shut himself up, with WOO
men, in Hamburgh. 'This event, it is said, has deter..
alined the Crowu Prince of Sweden to follow General
Winriogerode.in person, with his principal force, to
this quarter, leaving only thitseeessary troops to be 4
siege Hamburgh. The last %motioned General, with,
a..considerable corps, has already arrived on our iron.
tiers.
The French, after their retreat from hence, formed
came R.hetween West-Wesel end Antwerp, where

• .
aisd last night they were joined by some troop
Astweriri Theo- &Thad or chili City h hence ,
i*such diminished, that it silently amounts to 1200
men. The enemy; to prod eitiVisti this side,
'has broken up the cansema. behind Which.. he has
erected a battery : his' right wing snits on a wood,
and on Hoogstrateti:
It is understood, that Bergen-op-Zoom is new in.
'vested by the English. , Some vessels, laden with
flour and property which the douaniers and other
French administrations carried off in their ffight, and
which were to proceed &owl Bergen.op-Zoom to
Flushing and Antwerp, have tken cdpuared by the
English.
3/1/4CHEI., On tlic twin), 4 leagues above Bais-te.Dtre,
Deceitther 2t.
•On 'the 10th inst. the first Cossacks, whotame from
the side of Werkendam, made their appearance be-
fote Bois-le-Duc. On the .1 Ithr 150 of them entered
Boxtel ; and, on the 12th, they were spread in various
villages to the east of Bois-le-Duc. On that. day a
very severe affair took plate at Hinthem, between a
detachment of the Cossacks and a number aFrench
gens d'armes. .On 'the 13th, the whole country round
Bois-le-Duc was cleared of the French and their pub-
lic,agents.
On the 16th, the French troops came flying out of
Bommelward, and arched by Orten and Rosmalen
to Grave. The country on this occasion suffered a
great deal from the malignity of the enemy,
Bhortly after, the Prussians came in strength out of
the Bommelward, and have since blockaded Bais-le-
Dat for some days., The hewl-quarters' of General
Bulow are at Orten.
On lie 19th Bois-le -Dat Was summoned ; but the
reply of the French Commeethant is not yet known.
On the 20th, a divisionof the besieging corps broke
up from before BoisOrDuc, for the purpose of a ge-
neral chase•of the French, who still, with some de-
tachments out of-Grate, continued to plunder as far
as Heesch, in Maasland. That whole country, as
well as the districts of Ravistein and Kayk, have suf-
fered greatly by their rapines.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1814.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY 4'T TWELVE OVLOCit.
Reduced 62 --Cons for sec. 64f1-4 per Ct. 78f
Omn. 1241 I sf—Exchequer Bills Se. ss. pre.
Lobs Anus. 15 S-16th, 4--Bonds psr le. dl..

ACCESSION OF DENMARK TO *THE
CAUSE OF THE ALLIES.
We have to announce the accession of another
Ally and of another Combatant for the. Repose of
Europe. Denmark has joined the good cause—we
stated the simple fact yesterday, but we were not then
in possession of any other particulars respecting this
:important event.. We now

_

from I ielieland brought away it4aidisis Oifeer, Cap+
taro KROICOER, who oar fremlin suriiiiihat island,
in a flag of truce. He is the bearer of a copy of the
Treaty of:Alliance concluded between the Caowil
Patna/ of Swiping and the Court of Denmark .;
1: , as we understand, 'the object of bis visit to
sndon is to solicit `44e approval, by;.the British
vernment; of the berms granted. ils:Deninark,—_
These, we have reason to believe, are ikeeisely the
1H same which were offered to the King of Dr?!stAnK. by
...
fithe Prince Royal of SWEDEN some-time since, and.
'e.... ply the-cession of the greater part, 'of Norway to
eden, in return for certain territorial acquisition
oft; Pornerania or Holstein', as may be hereafter named.
.;iiiien the Balance of Europe comes-
to I* finally ar...
4a. •
DLit the Mott gloribus part of the Treaty is thatin
..,es ber whole military and
other resources to the grand cause of Europe. The
Danish Sovereign has at length, in fact, taken the
hints which his subjects have so often given him, and
joined the sacred league for the ci extirpation of the
Tyrant." We cannot doubt his sincerity, and we
receive him therefor; .into the bosom of the Grand
Confederation with the watch-word of the Dutch
Patriots, is Foacat AND FORGIVE." It it worse than
useless, therefore) to reproach him with his obstinate
adherence to the French cause, or to mark him out
for an object of punishment by degrading him from
the rank he ought to hold in the scale of the Sovereign
Princes of Europe ; and be it remembered, that he is
nearly related to our own Sovereign, and that the
common interests of the two Kingdoms demand that
a liberal and enlightened policy &could guide the
Plenipotentiaries of the Allies in their negociations
with Denmark. We trust, therefore, that the eqtki•
valents for Norway will, be such as to allay the jea-
lousies of the Dames, and enable them to make com-
mon cause with Europe in the attitude of a formi-
dable Power. .
One of the Immediate results of this auspkioni
event will be the submission of Hamburgh, and the
consequent advance of the PRINCE ROYAL at the head
of his army, to the Rhine. With respect to Ha
burgh, we have been informed that it forms part of
the military arrangement between the Danish Cos*
mandes and the PRINCE ROYAL, that the Dane
army should have the post of honour assigned 4: ..
humbling DAVOUST. They will be assisted by at.
petent force from the allied Russian, Pfussian, anal
Swedish armies. The Swedish artillery, which isfiti
• •
din the b
1
presentedste as the most
dstan complete in Europe, will be
po
trenches, and regular ap-
proaches are about to be made. • The French have
not been able, it seems, to make Hamburgh so s
as their pi-I
-deans have artfully givittout.; al*
occupation as a military post could only be reliett4n
while the countries between it and kiblianokrinne* . .
1

~__,..

„'.

..

. .*

under the French yoke. it ;0 ad, via to attack
frogs e;erfbrat -4
, even io the depth'
Winter, and tall itztiutt; within g few Weer's.
*ails Upoti this subject we cannot help expressing:
r
. • r 4
. egret, thai the infamatis trociarintions of Dll-
- and hii clorthless coadjutor, Yost HOOCTIDORP,
have gni been met by i ceirrespondingl shew of vi-
gonroft the part of the Allies. It it the essence df
absurtliti, and perhaps of cruelty, to put to death
any Frencl soldier iti cold blodd—zie retaliation fdr
the most dreadful of all Murders, that Of starving a
human being iS death—but in the name of humanity
we have a right td demand, that DAvoirsT and VON
110G6NDORP sbotild be instantly by name put hors de
/oi, and driven beydnd the bani dt humanity:
We sayin plain English that instead of putting to
death some hundreds or thousands of French priso-
stets, a Proclamation ought to be issued by the Al-
' 5, offering hdnours; dignities, and rewards to the
Philanthropists who will bring the headi of bayousr
and his Milite.-y Tribunal io the Allied Camp. • The
belch will tell us, and their partisan Sin thii cotter
will echo the Jacobin morality, that this is !baking
warlike savages. What is the life of Davciusx,
Vox HodaNzionr, or fifty such villains, to that of a
single honest Burger of Hamburgh, or his helpless
children ? Where did these execrable naiscreants,ace
quire their title to be treated according to the laws
lot civilized nations upon which they trample ?
To which of the European writers on public law
will their advocates refer as authorities for granting
thilm Mercy ? From VAITEL, the favourite Jurist of
the Jacobin faction' in all countries, down to the
humble authot of the Vindiciz Gallicz, and the soli-
tary English defender of the armed Cordon of Neu-
trality of Switzerland, there is not a single insinua:
tion, that armed men who make war the scourge of
the whole human race, are to be treated with the
respect due from civilized nations even to Savages
when in a state of warfare.
Let us hear no more, therefore, of simple retaliation
for the sufferings of the Hamburghers, or the unarmed
citizens of any other part of Europe. Let us strike at
the root of the evil—A bar be: Tyrans—Down with
the execrable wretches, from whose savage and fero-
cious dispositions such sanguinary Decrees emanate.
.:,Eretthose who have it in their power look well to the
guilty responsibility they incur by marring such
monsters td escape with life when they have them in
their power.
. .
Our cola mess Again teemwith intelligeneefrem Hol-
land. That part which relateslo the success of tits Pa-
cause, speaks for itielf-Lit requires no eincra-
.,Thereis a F'roclemationthoeteviannilitht Nit- eh
,encral D RCA strovhich will not fail-14-attriat
cular notice. • He assures the-inhatitititi df ifie
therlands, that they will be much Nippier. under
. •
yoke of France, than by, forming- pan b(; Vii.' it.
family of Europe, urnfer:.th e ausiiicefpf, the-Alliet.
This document eviociptAipw.aourA4Na has puroit
_
the insane resolution of expeadinfehhalottainhign.
sources in wantonly retgining• dit/ncliassesetbr4,lae.
ther than direct his attention the ibaini~naoce is
his tottering dynisty. We like this, sifilliVn3.`:!
" madness and folly l" lt.:augurs
.speedy overthrow I . •••*.-017-. .
• h110•11OMMI
the Funds:expettenced a little advance this mera4
lug. The Three per Centts which left off yesterday
at 634, were 641 at twelve O'clock ; and Omniuni,,
which was rose to In for the payment.—The
rise is ascribed_ to the receipt of letters from the
French coast, which, we are inforined) announce the
-French Funds to have risen per cent.
We have received a Swedish Bulletin,- dated on
the gist ult. from Kiel, in Holstein. It announces
the Surrender of Frederickstadt, and states that
Gluckstadt will be stormed when the ice is strong
enough to carry over the storming parties.

Relative. to the victory obtained in Canada, on the
11th of November, of which we have given an ample
account, the following letter has been received at
Liverpool, dated Quebec, November 26, 1813 : •••••
46. The enemy's whole force was about eight thou-
oind men, under the command. of General Wilkin-
son. The division under the command of General
Boyd, consisting of about 3 or IWO infantry, cavalry,
etc. was alone engaged upon the 11th. inst. The
'stem Jost in the action Brigadier General Coving-
ton and Colonel Preston, killed—probably 600 men
lied, wounded, and taken. The consequence was
a precipitate retreat, across the St,. Lawrence at Corn-
wall,.on the 13th, acid evacuating the prodnee;"
Dnx..-Tbis place, to. which Souvr has retreated,
is a town of Trance, and principal place of a district,,
in the department of -ths, Landees, situated on the
Admit., surrounded with walls, flanked with towers,
and containing about 500 p inhabitants, celebrated for
warm baths, the spring of which discharges 54S
'cubic feet of water in fifteen minutes. Before the Ike
volution, it was, the See of a Bishop, Suffragan of
Aucb. This town was destroyed by the Saracens in
the year 9W. It was a longtime in the possession of
the. English, frpm whom it was taken in the year
1461, by •the .Feench, and has remained annexed to
that country ever since, It is 22 miles N. E. of Bay.'
onne, and _Di S. W. of Monte de Marsau...
The French prisoners stationed at Whitchurch,4
Hants, appear much chagrined, at the annihilation
the military power of NneoLitoN. Despicable as the
weetckis, he is still popular with these soldiers.
.Patce Or • BREAn.—This day the Lottn MAYON..
~ptving inspected the Mealweigher's Returns, ordered
the price of Bread to be raised one Assize the Pere
Loaf, or one haltpenoy in the Quartern, -which takes'
place on Thursday next, when the Quartern Wheaten
Loaf will be 1 •
• •

..:;

.- ,

~~-

- •

EDI'

'IOND

••=•••• -.•••••
IiRENCH PAPERS.

- -
STA R-OFFICX FOV
We itoP the erest td *lie, that
French Papers have b'eeni reiviied in
it appears, so strong is the expectal
P4risi that the French Funds had

Cent.
• . •
influelsieed by the above igieni
Ftirids etperienced a coasicterable tine
pait three amnion); which hati been


NAVAL Mir ELLICE,

' • . , MAIL&
I
1-; .• • - Alta: "is. . .
Dublin: .;" .t • ' b gallgoland •
Waterford 4' • : '!Cottettiftirgh
Leeward Iskirafi 4; - o thiertiset
Passage - .40. o I lersei
CROCiltHlffill; -IACEMSEit
'.. The VFFNUS frigate; and PERVVIA:
with about 20 sail under convoy, from
Islands, are just ariivecl off this
may be hourly expected in the Channel. •
The James, GRES/MIMI, and the
from Batbadoes to Demerara, were t.
mer the 28th September,. and the latter
bet‘Veen Surinam and Demerara, by
American privateer, of 18 guns, and
The latter giten up, and arrived '
11th October.
FALMOUTH, JANi3Att.
Ariived the SANDWICH lugger. of "
SURLY cutter of 12 guns, from a cruize
lator, PHILLIPS, from Bristol, bound
the Mary Ann, HARDINO, from the Thames.

--. • .

the Diana picket, PARSONS, with a mail
PORTSMOUTH; JANUAR'
Arrived the Jane (a collier), from
Nothing sailed today. Came into harbour
Cathcart transport '(No. 161), with
Dock-yard, from Quebec. No further
pointed. . .
DEAL, JANUARY s.
Arrived. from' Ramsgate, the *General
•BIiOCKLIVISSY, for Cadii ; 'and 15 sail
part of them with the Derby Militia,
Ireland. Remain all his Majesty"
war.l bound, as per last -,Wind W.
ORBENOCK, DEC.EMBEIt
Arrived 'at Port Glasgow on Monday,
Ktuar., from Miilrnachi
29thiatinioj a single ship. On the
in with tbg Wellington, of and for
• .days. Same dayi si
tittths to s...aecoates; rfaeme tultbolyp.
Jtstaiii
.1441NIA;#4.#41.iat
ttTlk
*ailed from:tifiriavg:tl4lll.—asiti keel?*
41; ..The:rhomiik La Irds?),,
del; was driven on Aits2att qaifif;
kt a violent ic4 4.e.141011;14 to
• 141AYAL PROMOTIOkS* AND 'APPOINTMENTS;
• Lieutenants--R: Finnis • Bowden, Pilch, Mar!f7,
presoaked to the rank of Cintinainier.-"
Maddiignagn.--George Synte, J. IL Be,ilatrs _
S. Vieddk,, and Robert 'T. !hush, promoted
Lieutenant.
Captain John Maitland, to the Barfleur, '
E. Berry, appointed to a Yacht.
Lieutenants—P. Fitzgibbon. to the Myrmidon
the Dasher; J. S. Smith, to the Terror; F.
nlcus; B. Afaniell, to the Saturn rate;
the Penelope.
The Rev. J. Radfgrd, to be Chaplain of ,
Mr. Crawford, Surgeon, to.the Venerable.
Acolupeusatton of ACSOO per annum, is l-
ed to Admirals second in canna:ad, strioned
sea-ports in England, In order to defray the t-
dwelling-house to reside in.

Captain CHARLES JAMES JOHNST ONE i.
the SCARBOROUGH* of 74 guns, Admiral
the Texel.
Sir ALEXANDER COCHRANE is Rppointed
air JOHN WARREN in the command
America. Sit ALEXANDER takes hi
diately, and no man has more perfect
lb* American coast.
The ship. Southampton, of Loudon,
matter, which was lost the same nir
off Newfoundland, struck ou a rock ,
Island,•abOut a mile to tl.e southward
the master and crew remained to
rock, suffering most severely from
and were relieved by the humane
1). CHASE, •of Petty Harbour, from
ceived the kindest treatment. F,
nately perished. .
Wednesday se'nnight a Tine bOy
head of the brig Traveller, then
Dundee, and lighted lifeless at his
piring without a sigh. He had just
prenticeship as a seaman.
.We refer to a Spanish account 0..
in Frame, in another part of our columns, with Infi-
nite pleasure—not only as marking the cordial and
amicable spirit of .the Spanish nation, but al contain-
ing irrefragable proofs that the successes of the AUies
are known throughout the French Armies.
In the .recent operations with the enemt under
Marshal gouty., we learn, that six companies of the
'7lst Foot. and Lieutenant-Colonel TuLtocu'a Bri-
gade of Nine.pounders, under the command of Sir
k4ATHANIML PEACOCK; covered the passage of the
lit.Brigatle, and that, in consequence of disposi-
tion and well-direcled fire of the Artillery and Light
Companiee, few lives Were lost crossing, the river.

• .
- •

..., .

ITION.
•
ERS.
UR OtLocK.
it regular sets of
i town ; bywh'c't
ation of Pe.sce at
aim= fall S per,
.
igence, our own
se aho. At half-
en at 14., left off •
•
ENCAL '
Ott s. Dilk%
; 0 • 0
rib 0
• 1
. 1 1•
SEM .27. •
AN &Nil% of war,
rom the Leeward
hattoan. s Tbcy
noel. •
e Joseph, HA?*
e taken (the for-
atter Sd October)
by the garitaga
nd full of ma).—
at Demerara the
.RY
12 guns, and the
.uize ; the Specn-
d to Bilboa ; and
Thames. Sailed
mail for lialifax.
FRY s.
gunderland.—
harbour thf Lord
th timber for the
rther convoys ap-
s. •
)eneral Grenfield,
ail of Transports,
tic, in. board, for
's ships and out-
'. and a thick fog.
st:
fostila)•, the *ship
Iti ; sailed *theism
to 4th instant fell
for Newcastle for •
spoke brig hertz
+yell-140th
200114,16 of Pprt
-
r0i.46,- long: 111...
ns Port. Glasgtiw,
rsioos to the Atm-
ps,"l-tagfitx to liris-
Fciis the 12th alt.
9be-got ofE '
'POINTMENTS;
lett, ma W. Marl%
airs H.T, Leassaw
"A 44!. U.
ur, in de, etiad
rtnidoo ; Hancock, to
. Seymour, to the Gra-
and W. Richards, to
the Presiaent.
&tie.
in future to be grata-
Awed at the different
ie cxpence of a suitable
ON! is appointed to .
imiral FEttaunt, off 4'.
ppointed to succeed
nd on the coast of
tis departure imam-
Ifect knowledge of •
Won, HENRY Lag
tight as the Tweed,
L called Longpoint
ward of the tweed :
two nights on the
n cold and hunger,
e extftions of Mr. •
rom whom they re-
Four men onfoftu-
. ft4l from the mast-
lying in bock, at
is master's foot, ex.
ust finished his ap- '
t of Lb*. late actions
etllitmnc_ trai th 611 i.
