• SATUICDAY, NOVEItiBER 1816. •
Fierrtv'AL of BT. Assitalio.-11(416, IR the 13849 Etallgilleet.
ANA
Soutak-Sio Holm.

FRENCH PAPER&
We have received the Paris Papers of Wednesday.
There was no meeting of the Deputies on Tuesday,
bat in the Chamber of Peers the project of a Law for
the better suipoit of the Ecclesiastial Establishments,
of France (attd of which ivelsave already given the.
heAds).. Was adopted. Of 146 who were present,
195 voted it* support. The Committee had pre.
.viously made a slight amendment: instead of the
words 66 Ecclesiastical Establishments, legally asp
therired," the words, 66 reeognised by de ging" .were
114okt:tied. This preserves to his MAJISITY all .the
sapreroacy of the Gsllican Church, which the Papal
Jurisdiction admits of. • •
An affecting story is told in these Journals of the
,sofferiligs of a poor Frenchman, who was 94 years a
slave to the Algerines—he was harnessed like a quad.
roped to a cart all day, and slept all night nearly in
the open air, with accommodation not superior to
chit afforded 'to ' the beasts of the field ! 'How
gloyious was the . victory of Lord EX.NIOVTII,
when it put an end to this torrent of human misery !
And yet, within this little month, these very French
Journalists were sneering at the achievement, and
vilifying the gallant hearts who planned and executed
it. ,Let them now make the awes& honorable, and '
•humbly express their thankfulness, to Great Britain
for another deliverance of their enslaved countrymen.
—lt was our prowess which freed them from the
scorching usurpation of &Lamm, giving them
46 Ships, colonies, and commerce." once
,more. It
wai out vigorous arm which set at liberty their cap.
'tives from the ferocious and menden fangs of his
brother despot at Algiers!
CHAMBER OF NIERS:
* SITTINGS OF THE 26TH OF NOVSSISER.

The Chamber opened at two o'clock. The order
of the day called for the report of the Special Com-
mission charged to examine the project of the law re-
lative to donations in favour of Ecclesiastical estab-
lishments. The Report was made by the AIME
MONTSSQUIEU, author of a Report in the Sessioa of
1815, by which the resolution of the present project
originated. He proposed, in the name of the Com-
mission, the adoption ofthe project, except an ansead- '
meat consented to by the Minister, which substitutes
the words oftly by law" is place of the words
a legally authorised." The Chamber odopted the
conclusion of the Report after a short discussion, and
it was ordered to be printed.
Two propositions Were then submitted to the Chun•
ber, the first tending to decide, that in future no
written discourse should be heard by the Chamber,
except the reports of Commission and the propositions
therein made. The object of the 2d wits to cause to
be ordained, that in future the names of Peers who
make their protest in the discussion, shall be written
in the proces-verbal, and may be inserted in the Jour-
nals which give the account of the Sittings of the
Chamber. .

'lle Chamber, after a short consultation, deter-
mined upon the consideration of these propositions.
The Report of the Committee of Petitions was then
read to the Chamber ; out of seven of them six were ,
dismissed as unconstitutional and foreign to the Re-
solutions of the Chamber. One single Petition rela-
tive to the renewal of the Tribunal of Commerce of
Falaise wu referred to the Minister of Justice of the
Interior.

The Chimber adjourned till Saturday next.
PARIS. NOVEMBER in.
Government have at length received the Pram•
Volvos of the elections for CorsiCa. The Deputies
are Messrs. Peraldi and'Castelli.

Mc. Pinckney, Ambsuador from the United States
to the Court of Russia, has passed by Boulogne on
his way toyetersburgh through Germany.
An individual delivered from. the slavery of tbe•
Algerines, in virtue of a treaty made with Lord Ex.
mouth, passed 'through Dijon on the 19th of this
month, on - his way; to Paris. Irbil' person had fol- '
I lowed, at the age of fifteen-, as a jockey, his Royal
Highness the Coast d'Artois to thysiege of Gibral-
tar. Being on board a vessel which was carrying
dispatches to the Count d'Estaing, it was wrecked
an the shores of Africa, when this person was seized
by .tbe Arabs, and sold to a Prince of the emmtry.
—.-Dating 34 years of slavery, passed in the moue.
,tiins, he was almost constantly harnessed to a cart,
selfering the most dreadful hardships during the day,4
and huddled up in tents at 'night with hundreds of
his companions in misfortune. -It is also remarkable
in the history of this man, who is now 49, that he
was deprived of ail COMllllllialtioll whatever with
the rest of the world, and the intelligence of the
French Revolntion never reached his ears until his
landing at Naples. We may judge what will be his
astonishment when he reads the *history of the last 34
years. This person, who has inspired great interest
wherever he has been, is on his way to Paris, where
he tas a brother named Dumont, still in the service

of 'Monsieur. •
Tbe ,Prevotal Court of the Department of the
Seine has condemned to five years imprisonment. (me
Henry Delaprade. of jortinice, formerly a gram•
diet in the Jonah regiment of ;liit Old Curd, and

ttely waiter at the Cali de la Pair, ip thikPelltir
having stolen -boat the matter of the
Jse Kira bOUlliti beer ind syrup, as alto
e
—... sugar and loon . 77.
. Pierre Laißet, a so, , refired MI, his pension lat
Dijon. hat been..oooF‘ tea. of attempting to •sedtike
the inhabitants .from their allegiance. He is to be
imprisoned one year, and to be placed under SWVeil.-
lance fdr five years. .
Cotii.tign criuoßpiNAßY OF WtrallisDAY MORNIXO.
The Duke of Angouleme, informed by the Prefect
of Vienne -of the distresses suffered by the poor in
Poitiers, has sent hinua sum of two thousand francs,.
which•willte distributed among them.
We learn from Cambray, on the 22(1 ptoirember: 1
" Yesterday evening Count WOrooxoW, Commander,
of the.Rouian Contingent, and his father • arrived
here. We presume that both will set out ttuMerreir
or the day after to•morrow for Paris." i
They write from Lyons that the price of corn has
diminished, and that it is expected to diminish di_
more. .
- I'he Duke of Lnzemberg, on his way frOm thk
Brazils, arrived on the Bth of this month at Lisbod,
with the Duchess of Cadaval, his sister. They a*
both on their way to link" . ~

Yesterday Count Rostopchin, who was Governor'
of Moscow in 1813, bad the honour of being admitted
to a private audience of his Majesty, With whom he
retraineJ halLan hour.
Yesterday one Dufour,* journeyman tanner, living
in the Faubourg Montemarte, at the Boule Rouge,
during a violent quarrel between him and one of his
sons, formerly a soldier, plunged a knife into his
heart. The son is dead, and the unhappy father is
arrested.
ZURICH, NOVEMBER is. .-
The transport of grain over the Lake Constance
has been prevented for some time past, owing to the
violence of the winds. The Courier from Milan has
perished between Linden and Fussach, with five
other persons who accompanied him.
'The village of Fontenas, Canton of StNpall, has
been reduced to ashes on the 7th of this month, at
eight in the evening. In a few hours the flames,
driven by a strong north wind, have completely de-
stroyed this unfortunate village. Forty houses, all
the corn in the barns, several cattle, and a quantity
of -provisions have become the prey of this terrible
fire. More than eighty persons, io the midst Of the
general calamity which afflicts this Canton,' are now
thrown destitute, without* an asylum, having lest
every thing they were possessed of. Government
has sent 80 Louis.d'ors for their assistance, and the
humanity of the rich has also eonuiLuted thereto. •
On Sunday last, in opening one of the poors-boxes
,at a church in Geneva, five double Louis, and four
pieces.of 20 fr. each, were found, for the succour-of
the unfortunate, who, frostlike failure of the vintage,
are left without resource and without bread.
At Lausanne, the vhurch for the English who are
in that town, contributes every Sunday abundant
supplies for the destitute and starving.
The Burgo Master of Zurich (which is now the
Diractotial. Canton), bus addressed to the other
Cantons the Pope's Brief, which has been, presented
by the new Nuncio. It is somewbat remarkable that
this Brief, addressed to the Magistrates of a Pro-
' testaat Canton, concludes with the blessing of the
Pope as Denm optimism maximum pre.
*eantur ut suis vos bcmis impleat."-.--,g We beseech
'thee, all.powerful and good Gott, to pour down bia
'blessings upon you!"
VIENNA, NOVEMBER M. •
- Count Montgelas. Minister from Bavaria, has re-*
•o:eived from the Emperor a gold snuff box, etiriched
with diamonds and brilliants, and adorned with his
Majesty's pottrait ; its vatic is estimated at about
thirty thousand florins.

This morning we received a letter from Gibraltar,
dated the lst of November. which contains the lot
lowing important particulars :

"The Ainerican squadron, having ciik board Wm. 1
'LULU SHALICR, ES4. and Commodore
.CIIAUNCEY.
'appointed by the PRBSID/LNT of the United States
Commissioners to treat for Peace with the My Of,
Algiers, arrived Life twO'cliyi ago. The sqnadron'
'consists of the following fbipi :4:Washington, 744.
'Java, 44. ; United Stitch 44 ;. Citasiellation, 36
Erie, 18; Ontario, 18 ;- ''Peatoclti IS 1U;

and Hornet, 4 guns.
So. powerful a fleet will bave an imposing of ect
I..ttpOn the Dav, and therefore there is little► doubt but
,the Americans will obtain their own terms, especially
as the severe castigation which he so recently teceived
Is sot yet obliterated from his memory.".

• •

,
.
' 'rho American ship Electra; Captain WILLIAIa,
I jut arrived in the River 'Flimsies frorn Philadelpllia„,
as brought back about 450,000 valiie in Briiish
Manufactures, which could not be sold is the United
States for one half of their original cost in this coon-
try.—l.Another American ship, the . Carolina-Ann,
arrived at Liverpool si few dabs sincr,lfrom Nei/.
York, with a considerable quantity' of British Mann!'
factures.

The Pluses Rs set off for Brighton this day.
The QOM and Plume:so go to Brighton on
Monday. To enable her Mum.: to enjoy the fes-
tivities of the Pavilion for a fortnightrthe Report of
the Physicians on the Kurd's health is to be made a
week before the usual time.
Earl TALIIO7 is mentioned as the probable succes-
sor of Lord Wurrwortvrts the present worthy Lord
Lieutenant of Wand. •

100
10.11010=twour lately waite
Ey ENING• ST " . Asyut; for
• ~ 'Ogee-hi:Pus
1140 DN. ~0-• me sugar
' ''''''''' ---- -- .. ' Pierre L
