LINES
WRITTEN BY T. CAMPEEPLI 'SQ.

4161tD lIHERITZD ON THE WoNuMINT LATZLT FINISHED RT lEN.
ILILANWSZT, WHICH HAS STEN ERECTED IT VIZ WIDOW OF AIISSI.
NAL al 0. CATEMLL, TO THE 1101011, OF HZ* HCEIAND.

0•'

(From the key Monthly Magaiine.)

•
To him, whose loyal, brave, and gentle heart,
Fu*third the hero's and the patriot's part,
Whose charity, like that which Paul enjoin'd,
Was warm, beneficent, and unconfined,
This stone is rear'd: to public duty true ;
The seaman's friend ; the father of his crew ;
Dlild in reproof; sagacious in command;
He spread fraternal zeal throughout his band,
And led each arm to act, each heart to feel,
What British valour owes to Britain's weal!

These were his public virtues :—but to trace
His private life's fair purity and grace,
To paint the traits that drew affection strong
From friends, an ample and an ardent throng,
And, more, to speak his memory's grateful claim.
On her who mourns him most, and bears his name,
O'ercomes the trembling hand of widowl grief,
O'ercomes the heart, unconscious of relief,
Save in Religion's high and holy teibt,
BVhilst placing their memorial o'er his dust!

THE COLOMBIAN REPUBLIC.

The number of the New Monthly Magazine, just
published, contains a copious and interesting► sketch
of the political career of SIMON Bot.tvAtt, President
of the Republic of Colombia.

This illustrious patriot is a native of Caraccas, and
received his education at Madrid. After finishing his
studies he visited France, England, Italy, and part of
Germany, -and, on his return to the capital of Spain,
he married a daughter of the Marquis lilstardy.-L-
Shortly afterwards he returned to his native land,
and, on his arrival, be found his fellow countrymen
engaged in open hostilities against the Parent State,
and inflamed with the bitterest animosity against the,
Spanish Government. Warmly attached to the cause
of constitutional liberty, and anxious to promote the
happiness of Anie: ica, Bolivar readily entered into
the views of the patriotic pa: ty, and he was intrusted•
with the government of Puerto Cabello. Ile wa-,-
soon compelled to abindon this important position,
but the Congress of New Granada, by giving hin:
the command of six thousand men, convinced the
world that their confitlence in the leal and talents of
the General was in no respect diminished. The vic-
tory of Araime c.mfirnied the favourable opinion that
had been fornied-of his military capacity, and contri-
buted to inspire the Independents ‘t ith hopes of future
success. In 1814 Bolivar resolved to surrender, the
command; hut wasprevailed upon by the urgent en-
treaties of the principal Men itiVenezuela to continue'
in the dictatorship, acid comrlete tlie liberation of his
country. Bolivar acceded to their request ; but, after
sustaining considerable loss in the plains of Cura, he
was forced to yield to the superinrforteof the Roy-
alist Commanders, and set sail with ihuremnant of
his troops for Jamaica. •
The cause of the I'4.ttrieots appeared to be hopeless,
but ;he brave and daum.less, soldiers who had escaped
the carnage of Urica fortnedthemselives into corps
of guetillas,.and kept up- desultory warfare against
the foes of SOuth American. independence. In the
beginning 4.1818, Bolivar, after receiving ten bat-
talic•ns of black troops from Pction, 'set sail with Iris
small but determined band, and disembarked at Mar-
gatiita. After publishing a Proclamation.-convoking
the Represe.tatiyesof Veneauela to a Amend Con-
gress, he passed over to Barcelona, waere he esta-
blished a'ProvisiOnal Government.. In 1817 he was
clear,' Supreme Director of Venezuela, and in 1819
he presided at.the opening of Congress at Angostura,
whete he submitted to the Deputies the plan of a
Republican Constitution. Immediately afterwards
he resumed his military command, and after travers-
ing the Cordilleras, gained the important battle of
Boyaca, which was followed by the emancipation of
New. Granada. On the Bth of September ensuing, he
was nominated President at Santa Fe, and New Gra-
nada and Venezuela being united into one common-
wealth, is now distinguished by the title of the " Re-
public of Colombia.' In 1820 proposals were'made
to ate Royalist General Morillo to conclude an armis-
tice, and the late M. Zea, and ten Commissioners;
were dispatched to Madrid, to arrange the prelimi-
naries of a general pacification. These negociations
proved abortive, and hostilities were commenced in
the following April, and the Independent forces were
signally victorious at the battle of Calobozo. . The
British troops distinguidred themselves on this occa-
sion by their intrepidity and discipline, and so sensible
was \BOlivar of their meritorious exertions, that he
conferred the decoration of the Order of Liberators
on all the officers and privates who survived the en-
gagement. Carthagena surrendered to the patriotic
forces on the 25th of September, :Ind on the Ist of '
May, 1821, the fist Colombian Congress was held.
The Members applied themselves with diligence to '
establish a new form of Government ; they adopted
the Constitution of the Uuited States as a model, and 1,
impioved'upon this Lean ideal of legislative perfec-
tion,•by the complete abolition of slavery.
We earnestly recommend our Readers, who are
interested in the prosperity of South America, or
who admire the fortitude-and patriotism of the Pre-
Went, to a perusal of this interesting article. It is
writtenin'a candid and dispassionate style, and is la
fact what it professes to be, " A Sketch of the Poli-
tical.CaVter of Simon Bolivar." The-author has very
prudently confined himself to a mere historical de-
tail ; and has sedulously avoided blending his own
private opinions with the subject under discussion.
Towards the. conclusion of the article, the writer,
after: pointing out some of the prominent features in
the Colpiribj'an.Pegislatlve Assembly, makes the fol.
lowinglidicions .observations :—". The introduction
of the Trial by Jury, the toleration granted to all
religions, the establishment of schools on the Lan-
casterian system ; are,sufficient pledges of the provi-
Oycand enlightened -spirit by which the infant Re-
pubbc,and its high-minded President are actuated."
For fuller particulars we must refer our Readers to
the Review. .

11i..,
