GLE&

A heeltap! a heeltap! I never could bear it!
So fill me a bumper—a bumper of-clarct!
I.et the bo. ile pass. freely, don't shirk It nor spare it!
For a heeltap! a,heeltap ! I never could bear it !
No skylight, no twilight, while ilacchusiiales o'er us!
No thinking, nosshrinking, all drinking is chorus!
I.et Its moisten our clay, since 'tis thirsty and porous,
No thinking, no shrinking, all drinking in chorus!
GP AND cuorts.
A beeltap! a heeltap! I my •r could bear It !
$n fill me a bumper—a burnprr of claret !
I.et the bottle pass freely, doo't aria it er spare it
For a heeltap ! a heeltap 11 never could bear it !

MAKERS 4!'D MARRERS OF WINES.

(I ttl:kl A PAW' PAPER.)
COI( It EC POLIOE.—'Vs have already spoken
of several judgments of the Tribunal of Simple Po.
lice, by which certain wine-merchants convicted of
having adulterated their wine by a mixture more 01C
less coniderable of water, have been fined, and the
wine thus s detetiorated ordered to be poured upon
the pavement.
In stating that these judgments had been appealed
against, we promised to inform our readers of the re.
sult. It has not been favourable to the appellants,
the judgments being confirmed.
The Dealers ought therefote to he informed :
1. 'That chemistry affords infallible means of dis-
covering the adulteration of wine, and even that simple
change which is•produced by the infusion of water.
2.. That the laws and regulations on the subject ob-
lige the Court to order the adulterated wine to be emP-.
tied in the street, even though the substancesemployed
be
in the adulteration should such aC:would be attend-
ed with no bad consequences, nor even any derange-
ment in the digestive functions of the consumers.
In vain was it pleaded that it is unreasonable to
throw away or destroy wine, which, according to the'
report of the examiners, has preserved the peeper de-
gree of strength for rendet ing it an article of com-
merce, which contains nothing insalubrious, which is
mixed with pure and potable water : and finally,
which is stated in the report of the chymists to yield
on di.aillation a quantity of spirit of good quality
equal to that which might be yielded by undiluted
wine. Where the law has not made distinctions, the
Judge cannot. Penal laws ought to be applied lite-
rally, When the offence or the contravention is judi.'
cially prove.!. But as the law ought always to be
written reason, it is absurd in a period of public
misery to throw away wine which contains nothing
injurious to the health. We hope that the errors of
our legislation, in this respect, will be speedily cor-
rected, and that an amendment of the existing law
will, while maintaining the confiscation of adulte-
rated wine, declare, that the wine. so confiscated shall
be applied to the consumption of the hospitals, upon
its being proved by chemists, that no danger would
- result, either from drinking it, or from its conver-
sion into spirits of wine, to be employed in dressing
the wounded.

ItOgAPARTZ
The Poliscker ;loam!, a German monthly publi,
cation for November last, contains what it calls a re-
markable contribution to the history of the times, and
to the characterising of Napoleon Bonaparte, in the
shape of an extract from a political rhaprody which
that pawn is said to have left behind him, among
other papers at the Isle of Elba. The article in ques-
tion, which may however be apocryphal, and the off-
spring of some German dreamer's brain, is stated to
have been.transmitted in a letter from Leghorn, of
the 19th'October, 1815, and is prefaced as follows:
4 On the occupation of PartO Ferrajo a number of
papers were found in one of the apartments inhabited
by Buonaparte. 'They were sent hither to the Gover-
nor of Leghorn, who pet mitted me to take a copy of
the subsequent article. As he was st,fficiently acquain-
ted with the hand-writing of Napoleon, it is therefore
beyond a doubt that these so called 44 Philosophical
thoughts et a caevant Sovereign," were written by
that perscn. They require no commentary. Every
thinking render will make his own remarks on this in.
terest.ng fragment of political and philosophical
views of a man who, for a series of years, agitated
Europe, and even Attica and Asia."
PHILOSOPHICAL THOUGHTS of a eklevant SOVEREIGN.
---- The foundations of oar society are so detective, that it
threatens ruin ; its fall will be tetrible, and all the nations of our
• Continent wiil be involved is it; no homan force is capable of
Mopping the course of ; as the pear drops wheels becomes
sipe, so awes become putrescent at the end ut their autumn. All
eivilised Europe is now at the sable point,sas Italy was under the
Czars. The tempest of the Revolution, of which some clouds
emended themselves ever the whole surface of Eranee, will soon
saver all the inhabited parts of the globe with a horrible night; I
and until Nature shall have ezbausted bar combustible materials,
lie thunder will not tutu to roll, nor a mere serene day aprear.
The world cannot be saved, but by shedding rivers of blood, and
nothing but a terrible storm can purity the infected atmosphere,
which eneelnpes all Europe. If we give ourselves up to the course
or events, then we shall have the same fate that the Romans
bag t 6 endure from the inawdation of the Barbarians of the North.
The latter would have made vile efforts, had net the Romans
been degenerate. 1 alone—l could save the world, and nu other.
I should haviegiven it the cup of bitterness to empty at a single
draught, instead of Its being at present compelled to Elliot it
drop by drop. They think themselves delivered by banishilig roe
from the scene of die world, but no man who knows the spirit
that governs the nations, mid the cabinets of Europe, will be of
*bat opinion ; W will rather be persuaded to the contrary:—
Among the actors who at present figure on the stage of the world
there Is batons who eau conform to times and creumstalice, or ,
who can apply a remedy to them. Were not this the case, would
attempts be made to restore on the old footing every thing that
ought to perish or to be buried in the night of oblivion, os entirely
unsuitable to Ae lights of the age, and anti more so to our actual pO.
melon? What is fermenting at present in Spain and at Rome will,
soon cause a general conflagration over the whole surface of Ett•
rope. '1 hey are pompously callinr up front :be depth the tombs,
in which repose those who have been dead fur age/, atter
having eulto ed the miseries anti follies of their time, a phantom
,which they regard as a saving split that must bring them wis-
dom tuJ hap;:tieu.
I tot csee that nature, as often happens la the diseases of fedi-
Vataals, wan seek a remedy for those evils, whatever the physi.
eians may say of it ; vivo the crisis will be terrible. I know then
mid my age. I should have hastened the return of happiness, if
those with whom 1 bad to act bed not been, such villains.
They accuse me now of having despised and enslaved them. It
Was their own base souls, their thirst of gold and of destruction,
that plated them at sny feet. Could ► move a step without tread-
ing on them. 16 truth, that! no occasion to lay snares for catch-
ing them; it was seffictent for me to present to them the cup of
inches and rapine, full of empotioned keney; and they, with
avidity draw: te satiety. The slaves wise its want of a master; I
W2ll not in want of slaves. '1 hie is saying every thing. Forty
• of wets complain bitterly of typression on my part,—of
me, a *title individual, one of those powerful and daugernua ge-
Sitnet,Vitssaufuroodsoloyisat asystabseaaeot thrum began.

AMINE PIRAC r.

The'following Petition and Letter, relative to an
Anstcian soldier taken by the Algerines, form part of
the documents annexed. to the Report of the Presi-
dent of the Assembly of the Members of all the Or.
den of Knighthood in Europe, convened at irienitil,
.on the 29th Dec. 1814:
LETTER FROM PRINCE LOWS LICHTENSTEIN.
" Vienna. January SI, ISIS.
s' The uniersigned has the honour of.recommend-
ing the. Petition of Captain Felsch to his Excellency
M. the Admiral Sir Sidney Smith, praying that he
would have the kindness to contribute to the libera•
iion of his brother." (Signed.)
CAPTAIN WELSCH'S PETITION.
Vienna, January le, MS. II
41 My brother Francis Felscl.. who is at this instant
groaning under slavery at Algier, in Africa, was en.'
listed in 17!)8, if my memory serves me correctly, as.
a drummer in Rho Huff Regiment. now Archduke
Louis's, No. 8. According to a letter, which I still
have, from the said regiment. he was made prisoner
on. the 10th of April, 1800, on the mimic of Mount
Sette Panuj, in Italy, and was compelled, although
quite a youth, to enter into the French Polish Le-
gion. He came afterwards into Spain, where he
was forced by hunger to enlist, which is proved by a
letter from Barcelona, under date the 27th February,
1803, confirming that he was a sub-officer in the
King's Guards I have not the least information of
the manner in which he fell into the unfortunate and
lamentable situation in which he now is, inasmuch as
he does not give any explanation whatever on the
subject in his letter, dated Algier, August 1, 1814.
The voice of humanity, no less than fraternal affec-
Cion, enjoins me to attempt every expedient to restore
this wretched young man to liberty, or at least to al-
leviate his afflictions, which are grievous. Not being
by any means in circumstances to pay a heist,' ran-
som, I rely wholly upon the protection of the Govern-
ment, my brother being au Austrian subject, and son
of an Austrian soldier,: the claim is weak—he has
another—he is a man. I therefore supplicate huma-
nity in his behalf."
TRANSLATION OP A LETTER FROM FRANCIS FELSCH TO
HIS BROTHER .1111 N, CAPTAIN IN THE SERVICE OF HIS
'IMPERIAL AND ROYAL MAJESTY OF AUS'IRIA.
aMY V'EAB BROTHER-4 inform you, that I have
had the misfortune to fall into aiavery in the country
of the Moors in Africa. To get out of it, there is
little hope, since they require fur the ransom of a
Christian theenorrnous sum of 1700 Spanish crowns.
We are at present in number from five to six thou-
sand* miserable creatures, without reckoning women
and children. It would be difficult to describe the
miseries we undergo; some of these wretched victims
fall down dead from day to day with hunger and
thirst. We scarcely receive a loaf of bread for four
or five days. But I could support all, if to those
dreadful sufferings there were not tuperadded perpe-
tual toil, more than brutal, accompanied by blows
with a stick, for the slightest occurrence that may
displease these barbarians. Oh, if I could once more
behold a Christian country i May I
have the happiness to receive an answer. Address it:
to the English Consul, at whose residence I work,
and who became responsible for me, in order to extri-
cate' me from the common prison."
ALGIER.
This bay is eight leagues wide between Cape
Cosines on the W. and Cape Matifoo on the E. Off
the latter is a ledge of rocks and several islets. The
bay has good anchorage throughout, in twenty to
thirty fathoms, and receives the river Haratch. The
city of Algier is in a cove, on the west side of the
bay : •it contains 15,000 houses, and about 100,000
inhabitants, and is built amphitheatrically on the
side of a hill. It is the richest town of Barbary, as
well from the prizes made by its corsairs as from its
commerce. It has a port formed by a pier five hun-
dred paces long, which joins a small island unto the
main. It is well fortified, and resisted the attacks of
the Spaniards by land and sea with 50,000, men in
1775, and by sea in 1783-4. It is surrounded by
handsome country houses on the neighbouring hills,
which are covered with olive, lemon, and banana-
trees. The French are the only Europeans that have
any thing like an organized trade with Algiers, and
this is extremely fluctuating. The objects of expert
are wheat, barley, .pulse, olive oil, wax, honey, bul.
locks' hides, goat-skins, wild beasts' skins, wool, bol-
locks, sheep. The export of any kind of provisions is
prohibited from Algier or its dependencies ; except
that by treaty with England, it is permitted to send
cattle from Oran to Gibraltar. The articles of •im.
port that find a ready sale at A lgier are coffee, spices,
allum, sugar, rum, cutlery, pig-lead, small shot, cop.
peras, logwood, red wood, tin, superfine woollens,
fine Irish linen, calico.
Tie late maritime wars created a great change in
the commercial navigation of the Mediterranean, and
more particularly in that of the Turkish dominions,
throwing the greater. part of the coasting trade into
the hinds of fhe Greeks of the Archipelago. This
revolution commenced in 1796, when a great scarcity
of corn prevailing in France, and the French, Italian,
and Spanish flags, not daring to show themselves; a
few Greeks were induced fur the first time to venture
across the Mediterranean with cargoes of wheat ;
which produced so great a profit, that more extensive
speculations were entered into by the Greeks of seve-
ral islands, and so rapid was the progress, that in
1800 they counted 800 vessels carrying on the trade
of the Mediterranean. Of, these there belonged to
the single barren isle of Hydra 200 square rigged,
of between 100 and 400 tons, some of them mount-
ing 30 guns with 70 men, for defence against the
Barbary corsairs.
NAVAL. Fence.—lndependently of the natural in-
dolence of the Moors, the want of good ports and of
most of the materials for naval construction, would
prevent them from having any naval force, were
they nos supplied with materials, and even occasion.
ally with ships ready equipped, by the European
Governments. Perhaps there is no greater pAitical
phenomenon in the present time, than the conduct of
the maritime Powers towards these barbarians, who
are permitted too carry on their piracies, with a kind
of impunity, against all nations who do not pay them
for forbearance. Nevertheless Morrocco, the most
powerful of these States, has mit above fifteen small
41 According to the last Reposeof the Catholic Missions/lei in
the North of Africa, published under the authority of the Pepe
the number of Christian slaves of all countries and all denosoloa:
now, in the Barbaric States of Jklesesce, Tee* and
eneedeg alma I •

- -. '

frigates, some sokhould twenty to thirty row.gd-
lies, manned by about six thousand seamen pad sol-
diers. Algier has only five frigates of S 4 to 20 wins,
three xebeks of 20 to 10, fonritalf genies, and three
galliots ; with which contemptible force it has defied
the united fleets of Spain. Poftugal, Naples and
Malta. In 1764, Spain, outraged by the insults of
these barbarians. chewed a moment of energy. and
attempted to destroy Algier by bombardment; but
after 'expending 200,000 quintals of powder, and
burning two or three hundred wooden houses, her fleet
retired. The following year she returned to the attack,
joined by the naval forces of the other powers above-
mentioned, which altogether composed a fleet of
thirty sail. The Algerine marine, however, foiled
them; and Spain, finding it .impossible to subdue
them while they were supplied with naval stores by
the French from Marseilles, purchased a temporary
suspension of their depredations for 70,(X)0 piastres.
Tunis has three or four large barks of 20 guns and
120 men each, some xebeks of 10 to 14 guns, a few
feluccas and galliots ; the whole belonging unto the
Government not exceeding 15 to 20 vessels, besides
about 20 armed privateers. The rules observed by
the corsairs in determining whether a strange vessel
is to be attacked, deserves mention. The Captain
first examines her with his glasi, then the second in
command, and so downwards to the lowest seamen;
when the opinion is asked, a single affirmative voice
is obligatory on the whole crew, although contr y
to the opinion of every other person that composes it.

BOW.STREET.•••••COAIIOZ OF MURDER.—Yesterday
Thomas A'orevood was brought to the office, cbarrd
on
nsuspicio
others, o
suspicion
of the wilfullPatricki it
murder, in
ncoojition
with several Thomas
Gogin, a watchman, stated, that the deceased called
upon him on the evening of the 10th instant, to in-
form him of the death of his brother, in Irelant
anisth'tle.ideyGyasilwet were•she,
ens
It
violentlyno near
werena tr ttho e Hart
separatedt
passingh e r
throughsoon
aci Hhyoutzles pptriil:olitc,
prisoner and
four other men, who knocked them down without a
word passing, or the least provocation. Ile received
a violent blow on his face. On the prisoner and his
companions making off, the deceased got up, and
discovered that his head was cut in several places,
and that he had received bruises in different parts of
his body, while he was on the ground, from the pri-
soner and his' companions. The deceasei appeared
to be very bad, from the loss of blood, &c. and ob-
served, that he was afraid that he had received his
death blow. He was conveyed to a surgeon's in
High-street, St. iles's, where his wounds were
dressed. He was Gconfined in consequence of the
wounds and bruises which he had received. He did
not hear any thing more of the deceased until the
18th inst. when he learnt that he had died of his
wounds. The surgeons who attended the deceased
being absent, the prisoner was remanded.
QUEEN•SQUAlM—Yesterdayltokrtßoberts,charged
on suspicion Of stealing a parcel from the Windsor
stage-coach, in Piccadilly, containing notes to the
amount of £l9OO, the property of Messrs. Brown
and Co. was brought up for a final examination.—
Mr. COLQUIIOUNt the Magistrate, told the prisoner
that every opportunity had been afforded to him to
prove that he had been at Bury St. Edmund's on
the day the robbery was committed, as stated by
him so often; and as he neglected to do so, it must
be 'concluded, from the coachman's evidence, that
he actually was in town,—The prisoner said, he cer-
tainly was not, and that it was extremely inconveni-
ent for him to bring these persons to town at his own
expense; but if two days more were allowed him,
he would convince his Worship that the whole of his
assertions were true.—Mr. Belli:, his attorney, and
Mr. Price, the attorney for the prosecution, then
consulted the Magistrates, and it was agreed that
the prisoner might lime allowed to find bail for his ap-
pearance 'at the County Sessions. A man named
Gibbons, who said he was a milkman, at No. 7,
Park-place, Lambeth, came forward, and another
man who called himself G. Evans, a tomer, at No.
111, Golden.lane, kic. Luke's, were bound over in
4100 each, and Roberts himself in £'2oo. His irons
were then knocked off, and he was set at liberty.
The office was exceedingly crowded.
UN1.0N.HALL......A most audacious robbery WAS
committed on she premises of Mr. Kean, corii-factc
on the Bank Side, a few days since, the particulars
of winch are as follow : on the day in question, about
twelve o'clock, at which time none of Mr. Kean's
men were on the premises, three men, one of whom
was dresied like a respectable miller and the other
two as labouring men, came to the yard, and apply-
inpridh:wHfgoilllmeetwtihti.weco.:enii the female servants at the dwelling.house, said
they came for some corn, which was in a certain part
of the granary, and they had a horse and cart at the
gate to take it away in. The servants, not suspecting
any thing wrong, suffered the cart to come in and
load, the man, who appeared to be master, entertain-
iag them in the mean time with his agreeable waver-
satiau. When the cart was loaded with six quarters
of wheat, it drove off deliberately, and a considerable
time elapsed before the fraud was discovered. Two
men have since been apprehended, and undergone
two examinations, but the servants not being able to
identity them, they were yesterday discharged.
SHADWELL Orries.—ln consequence of informa-
tion, which Hewitt and Morris, officers, had received
relative to the extensive reoodbidt
Fish
-at was committed
tAoinelaeorntimeandbiSntcubbisn inth
athteeoutse,
thoefy,bolenslithrse.
14th inst. apprehended John Fancutt, who is suspec-
ted to have•been concerned in the said robbery with a
offence. On
ayowiatrdt4enopwritounnedterhseeinngtenacpe.
ofPerdesonathnatmoredthel"olle
ap-
prehended,
ehaelljeudsnopnetd
toouta apef at
person
ne pairtor aotafi
ssttaatiliesew;i—n-
dttaidnapnapottrtoitialc
diareelei!dflitaditmati,eynweleienantrwparis.oncer put
ea hitn-
, that
ist:hrreeridmeigr,hsltilenalieroollutlldand shoothe
The prisoner replied
:tat: tt,eeaefiteeerda
time
i he,in
.1
Hewitt
aniseovsterdeebsterwratoen
inwitnthethenatedassyi.stanlc,heeofplvtli
soornr in.:, suwcacate
theniletl in taking
taken
nto him
e
above Othee, and ordered to the Cold Bath Fields
!prison. When on the road thither, the leathers of
the coach were cut, supposed by an accomplice, by
which means a temporary delay took place, and when
they proceeded on their journey, the prisoner swore-
-44 If the sheriff hang him alive an hoar, he would
--*te him to. the utmost rigour of Abe law !"
