~-.. ~
,_.,r..r_.- ~-.

eiTTITVLVS CATALOOM
Thiq day was published,
A CATALOGUE of BOOKS for4he 1113.
-4 3, in various Lansauges and Classes of Literstore,b7lolo
CUTHELL. 4, Muldle•row, Hultforn. Mae as; sd. •

This day wa;
In foolscap aro. price 6s. 6d. boards, with plates,
GALATEA. a PASTORAL Runvoics; caiginall7
wrisren in Spanish, by M CRIVAN r Ks, and now mans-
teed from the French of M. FLoamm, by W. I‘l. Came.
Printed for G. and S. 11..binson, Paternoster-I'9W.

This day were published, price U. boards,
REGULATIONS and ORDERS observed In his
MAJESTY'S TWELFTH, or, PRINCE of WALES's
REGIMENT of LIGHT DRAGOONS.-

London : Printed and published by W. Clown and Co. Nor.
tburnbeirland-court, Strands sold also by T. ligerton, Whittball ;
and T. Goddard, Pall-Mall.

In the Press, and speedily will be published,
THE EO-NAUTS; or, The SPIRE l' of DELU-
SION, a Seri*, Comieo, Logical, Bulogical, Lyrical, Satiri-
cal Poem, with Notes; Geographical and Critical, of various
Commentators. By .LEMUEL GULLIVER, Esq. Dedicated
to bis Worship the Mayor of Bristol.
Printe4for C. Chapple, Pall-Mall.

NEW MUSIC.
LE RETOUR DU GUERRIER, the favourite
Indian Divertisement. now performing at the King's Tln a.
tre, composed and arranged for the Pianoforte, by F. Venn*,
price 55.; Les Petit Bijoux, No. 5. consisting of an Air, with
Variations, for the Pianoforte, by T. Cooke, price 25.; Mark,
a Tyrolese Air, with Varia,ions, for the Pianoforte, byP.Knap-
ton, price 2s. 6d.; a Trio for Three German Flutes, cr Twe
Flutes and a Violincello, composed by H. R. Bishop; the follow-
ing Songs, composed by H. R. Bishop, sang at the Theatre-Royal,
Covent-Garden-0 Nightingale, prig.: Is. 6d.; Farewell the
Golden Day, price 18.6 d. sung by Mrs. Bishop; the Language
of Love, price is. 6d.; Stay Peerless Fair, price Is. dd. sung by
Mr. Sinclair; The Echo, price Is. 6d. sung by Mr. Broadhurst;
My Dark Ey'd Maid. sung by do. price Is. 6d.; the second edition
of The Voice of her I love, and Poor Senseless Mary, sung by Mr.
Braham, with universal applause, at the Theatre.Royal, Drury-
Lane.
Published by Goulding, D'Almaine, Potter and Co. 20, Soho-
square, I.ondon ; and 7, Westmorland-street, Dublin.

t:

cc
• • ,
4
4 b. MONIED PERSONS.
TO be Sold now and almost aiwayl, Antinhies
from 0 Eioo aims., secured an Prethold or Copyboki
l'toper), or Morey in the funds, such Ls cannot be obtained
through any Other int-chum ; and ether Securities to be disposed
of. by which troll 10 tQ 14 per Coat. may wifely and legally be
ma.lc. Apply to Mr. Ryder and Co. Itswesil Mews, Howland-
.
sue, 1.

d.M.ERICAY-PAPit

lad

NEW YORK. JANUARY 7.
• By all that we can learn from Washington, says
'the United States Gazette, it appears to us sufficiently
evident that, me juggle is about to take place be-
tween the Administration and their underworkers in
Congress, with a view to get this troublesome war off
• their hands. It bas served the puipose for which it
was made, by securing to Mr. Madison his re.elec-
tine, and he now wishes to have nothing more to do
with it.

A Bill has been for some time before the House of
Representatives, for raising ten regiments for one
year.—lt has occasioned violent debates.—Mr. Ran-
dolph and Mr. Quincy have been the most distin-
guished of its opposers. They charged Mr. Madison
directly with making Wat on purpose to secure his
Elation, declared that Great Britain had always
evinced a sincere desire for peace ; lint that her frank-
ness had always been met with the shuffling, evasive
acts at peddling politicians. Mr. R. conjured the
House to pause before they gave their further support
to this unhallowed French war—he conjured them by
their respect for the common ancestry of both nations
—by the respect they owed to the parent stock, to
pause—,, shall the only two. nations en earth," he
said in conclusion, 66 who warship the oidy and true
GOD in purity—the two nations who are conjoined in
their exertions to send the word of life—the word of
the only and true Goo, to the Heathen of the East--t
' shall these two nations drench themselves in each
others' blood, and sacrifice themselves as victims upon
the altar of Moloth 1"
NORFOLK, DECEMBER 26.
A vessel arrived yesterday with the crews Orievi-
ral vessels captured by the squadron at our Cape, pad
put on board just at our Light; among thpiu .th+
sift) Pekin (formerly .the British ship Ann Green),
coming round in ballast, with a Sidi:to:oh tq load at
Alexandria, taken because that she had made a prize
from them since the w4l [another account states, that
it was because they would n.,t admit that her licence
.protected her oily from Alexandria outwards]—sent
to Bermuda. It is said, the Commander of the Pole-
tiers regretted the capture afterwards, and thinks she
will be released. They are close in with the Capes,
and speak every thing.—There are some fears of an
attack here.

FRE AICH P.dPERS.

PARIS, FEBRUARY 4.

The Prefect of the Department of the Seine, Baron
of the Empire, on the 28th of January, issued the fol-
lowing arret :
" The isiscript'on of the Conscripts of the class of 1814 will
commence in all the Communes of the Departments of the Seine,
on the nth of February next.
" In consequence an the young mien of the class of the Con-
scription of stel'i that is to say, thee, who have been born ,•ince,
and including the Ist otlanuary,l794,th the 31st of December of
the same year. inclusively, (12th of Meuse, year 2, to the 11th
Nivose, y :ar s,) are -ummoned to present themselves to their re-
spective Mayors, to cause themselves to be inscribed In the re-
gi.ters of conscription.. 'lbw,' who shall not have been inscribed
in those registers, shall be ordered to march Brit and join a corps
of the active army, of sent to a depot of refractories, as soap as
they shall be discovered. After the closing of the registers to
inscription, a drawing by lot will be proceeded to, which will be
the tank the conscripts are t' occupy among themselves, and the
order in which they will be called %run to depart. The drawing
will begin on the 2t)th of February. (Signed) •! amis.ol.."
FEB. Eminence Cardinal Fesch, Arch-
bishop of Lyons, Grand Almoner, arrived here yes-
terday. His Excellency the Duke of llantzic also
arrived in this city some days since.
FB3. b.—The Emperor yesterday reviewed, in the
Court of the Thuilleries; several corps of the Imperial
Guards, and other troops of the garrison of Paris.—
This review was not over before five o'clock.

HAMBURGH, JANUARY 25. -
Yesterday arrived in this city 350 dragoons, form-
ing the head of the column of cavalry which is to be
remounted with the 5,000 horses, purchased by pri-
vate bargains in the 32d military division.
The stables of our suburbs, destined for the ser-
vice of the cavalry, are so full, that the contractors
have been compelled to suspend their deliveries.—
Measures have, however, been taken to receive the
1,250 horses which are still in their hands, and those
which they will successively flirnish till the comple-
tion of their contract.

The horses already delivered have given great sa-
tisfaction, with-respect to their kind and beauty.
They write from Berlin, that the object of his Ma-
jesty's journey into Silesia, is to preside himself over
the preparations for the next campaign, and the levy
of the new battalions of which he has ordered the
formation.

HAMBURGH, JANUARY 30.
We yesterday gave two articles, verbatim, one from
Dantzic. the other from Dresden, which are found
in the Prussian and Saxon Papers.
The object of that insertion was no doubts in the
first place, to communicate news from the theatre of
war; but we had still hoped that our readers would
there have found matter for serious reflection, and the
plainest refutation of all thostr terrors which give birth
to fear—of all those chimeras which buoy up Certain
people, blind to their true interests, or too much in-
clined to wish for a change, without calculating the
consequences of their indiscreet and culpable desires.
It is remarkable, that the same moment when our
paper repeated the facts cited by the official Gazettes,
said to be well informed, was that in which tl.e most
absurd news was circulated, and every where ob.
tained full belief, It is not by the details of a great
' battle that the reader will become dazzled, and
brought back to more rational ideas ; it ti simply by'
the report of real tacts, to which too little attention
has been paid under other circumstances, but which
are so many rays of light, proper for confounding i
the malevolent, and causing too credulous people
to blu►h,
_ _

Dantzic is provisioned for a year. The junction of
the 10th corps brings the garrison to an effective
number .of upwards of 40,000 men.
Thorn has a numerous garrison. The Austrian
corps is in a position 20 leagues beyond Warsaw.
The Saxons join to Prince Schwgionberg's cures

./74Welwr,"-. :•-"W‘lr>relllc.
..tr♦ :

and it h under the wi-g of these forces
levy of 80,000 Poles is assembling
and who have no other choke left tlic
a political rank and existence, or '"
state of slavery. The Administrati
are tranquilly established et Posen.
The only military actions
have been to the advantage of the
Nothing can better prove the
Russians, and the greatness of
march from Moscow, than the ,
fruitless attempts, recounted in
Saxon official papers.
If the Russians were what they
would already have passed the E:
in g towards the Rhine. But, far
all the advantages which these .
ries have derived from the co-opera.
meats, is reduced to the oceupation of a small paint of
the Plussia.a territory, without their haying as yet b.. r,
able to make themselves sure of a single fortified post
along the whole course of the Vistula.
Let us not forget that this immense empire has
ineffectually attempted, for half a century, tot ttl--
lish herself on the right bank of the Danube. If,
then, the bands of Janizaries, and the confused kakis
of Asia, have been able, in so many different in-
stances, to defeat the mat ardent wit:hes of the Court
of St. Petersburgh, seecmded by the inclination, and
the efforts' of half the pupubtreas of the Ottoman
empire, what may, cot be expected front the coa-
course of the whole sof.ciailized Europe, dirocted4
aprotecting genius
ItitIREMBIOtO, JAN. sz.
*At Dresden, the most: satisfactory news has been
received from Warsaw. .The state of affairs i,. con-
,4tinually ameliorating, and the forces of the Duchy
17pre daily augmenting! The several carps of the re-
gular army which cover Warsaw, still remain is their
former positions.
The activity Mii-ch "at present prevails in the 7,3::
them states of the Confederation of the Rhine, to se:
on foot fresh and considerable forces, is lila.wise ma-
nifested in the kingdom of Saxony.
POSEN, JANUARY CO.
General Count Krasinski has addresse,
Illation to the youth of Poland, inviting
into the regiment of Lancers of the Imi
which is under his command. Colonel
also invites the youth to enroll themselves
gion of the Vistula.
The head-quarters of the Grand Arm'
this city. • There arrive, here, and are
great a number of troops; that we have
lieve it is not intended to remove them.
arrived here some fine regiments Li infai
valry, from France and Italy. In the
rived a park of artillery, and a large
ammunition. The Prince Viceroy !us
part of the troops lately arrived,
DRESDEN, JANUARY 2',
According to the last accounts from
which are of the 18th of this month,
change in the position of the allied armies
Vistula. The Austrian corps pew,e
tween the Bug and the Narew, to the
Rozan and Brock. The 7th claps tr,
Get:er..l Reynier, Las its advanced
Siedlee, and mbintains a communication
Austrians by Jadow. According. to a
Major Aster, of the Staff, has remitted
on the 20th, the advanced guard was
the 11th, by four r giments of Cossisci
dragoons, supported by the infantry, to
only to oppose about SOO horse, three
non, and three divisions of light infant
valour of the troops of his Majesty, ant
the coolness of the light infantry, whi
make an useless step on this occasion,
tacked and overthrew the COSSI4( ks with
caused the enemy a considerable loss, i
the Saxons consisted only of three men 1
wounded, and five prisoners.
NUREMBERG, JANUARY U.
We learn from Leipsic, that the rear-f
corps d'armee of-General Count Grenier.
of Italian troops, passed through that at
and 21st with a train of artillery. The ads
of the same corps arrived several days
lin. The other brigades are successi'
here. We are assured that the corps
orders to march upon the Oder.
JANUARY 271—Letters from Warsaw
that all the troops making part of the sth
mee, entirely composed of Poles, are nc
Warsaw, where they are completed ate
anew. Prince Poniatowski, Minister
Commander in Chief of 41 the Polish
given formal orders, that the general
circle shall be proceeded on without dela'

PARLLIIMENI'ART PROCEE,

HOUSE OF LORDS. FEBRUARY
Lord HARDWICKE presented a Petkion froth.
tern, and other Officers in the service of the East
pany, praying, for a Renewal of else Charter; sr.
&akin should be allowed them.

Lord WALsINGHAM presented a Petition
mon Council of London, praying for a Renewal
Both laid on the Table.
-•• The Bishop of LONDON presorted Petitions
of the Arclideaconry of lissex—from the Clergy
the Laity of the Arelideaconry of Colchester, '
the Clergy of the Arclideacoury of Sc. Alban't
Clergy of the Diocese of Worcester, against the
Ihe Bishop of CHICHESTER presented a
the Catholic Claims, from the town of Ch.ctiesto
Lord HAREWOOD presented a Petition to
from the Borough of %ppm), in Yorkshire.
Lord WALSINGHAM presented a smiler Petition
town of Guildford, in Surrey.
The Duke of NORFORK objected to the terms
lion, inasniuch u it stated, that the Ca.holics wet.
%kat power for themselves. .f the Catholics had I.
that the bier; chy of their Church should be utablis..
of the present establishment, that would be a claim
power, and to accede to them wish., could i.ot
but all they asked was to remove their disabilitat,
them capable of holding any civil office accordeog t
like the rest of their fellow-subjects.
The Duke of LEINSTEK, i:. a short maiden
M the following eLct :—" I Jo not rise to ripposi
lying on the table, but I am angtous t t seiz the hr.(
lest I should be prevented foam AttrintinA the main
expressing my firm cofiviction of the jos. ice and
admitting our Roman Catholic hi-low-subjects to .
the British Constitution. lamat a loss ro dISCOvt
elide interesethese Petitioners can have iii excluding .
body of my countrymen trom all share in the Govern,
am sure you Lordships, and the country, have 7
in living to then the was ?loves of Nachman

417 r•-•
arees that $ pablkhr •
ing and organizing.
t them, than between A
r the most shameful t
.ative Head-quarters
sn.
itin the last fortnight
e allied troops.
le weakness of the
their losses, in the
partial, and always
the Prussian and
y pretend to be, they
Abe, and been mud,
r distant from thence
formidable adversa.
Dperation of the a1e-
.... -st -11 _ _P

41414411 U".• I. UU.
4. the Duchy
reps of the re-
amain is their
ils in the 7,3::
: Rhine, to sc..
s ma-
!ssed a Procli.
them to enter
sperial Guard,
el Malerewsky
Ives in the Le-
my are still in
e expected. *so
e reason to be,
1. On the 23d
ifantry and A,
Lim evening ar%
;e quantity ati
kas reviewed;
from Warsaw,
tibere is nil
armies on the
ryes its lint be.
be env.rins of '
l'Artnee, under
peals beyond
ation with the
a report which
I to his Majeb7
i attacked, on
cks And IWO of
to which it LA
t pieces of mt.
Ivy ; —but the
anti ptincupallr
which dud nut
whit.h at.
th the bayonet.,
, while coat of
s killed, dues
'S.
tr-guard of the
tier. composed
my" the 20th
dvsnced guard
since at Ber-
.ively arriving
)s has received
aw inform us,
.sth Corps d'ar.
now arrived At
and organized
at War, and
sh troops, has
levy of each
day.
EDINGS.
at is.
Mae Wpm*.
East India Coto.
er, that moven.
from the Com.
11 of die Charter.
I from Go Only
ry and several of
in EMI —kcal
's
—and front the
Catholic Claims.
Petition game
ti r.
o the same effve,
Petition from the
ems of the Peti.
were claintinf po.
ad been cfa m
Lablia..ed in SAM
:laista tot polutc4
: lie thought of t
Licata, aiLd ren ler •
to their men s
.peeck, so‘ke
ot, the I etitbat
hrLA
441 D qu• *MD. r
d esputtle, c
4. ail behttres .f
;coott wlia pttbe
Goviernnivi• t
a gnat interest
Wasps alt ggise
•
