will cooperate for the purpose of Ofttngthshing this
traffic, as far as regards the subjects of the two Powers.
The present is not 'the opportunity for entering into the
details of this arrangement ; butlionouralale Gentlemen,
who recollect how anxiously questions of maritime law
have at all times been contested between us and-the
United States, will readily suppose that some points of
dignity have been reserved on both sides, and certain
rights are declared to be unprejudiced. Whatever has
been agreed upon, has been agreed with respect
to this subject. We have each reserved to. ourselves
the right of administering our own law, although the
right of capture belongs to both : if a British slave trader
be taken by an Amencan ship, she is to be sent to this
country for adjudication, and her crew fot trial.—
The same reservation has been claimed and conceded,
on the part of the United States, and were it otherwise,
many disputes and inconveniences might arise. When
the Treaty is carried into operation, I trust it will be
found completely effectual for its purpose: I trust also
that the benefit will not stop here; for when it is known
that the two first Maritime Powers of the world have
so far consented to compromise their mutual pride as
to submit to these regulations, for the sake of suffering
humanity, with no' small grace and no small power
they may ask any third party..to join in this: virtuous
and beneficial compact—( Hear, hear). Thanking the
Noose for the indulgence it has she wn me, I shall merely
move for leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual
suppression of the African Slave Trado"—(Cheering).
The question having been put from the chair,
Air. F. BUXTON said—l confess, Sir, that my feelings are not
only different on many, but totally opposite on some parts of this
subject to those expressed by the Right Honourable Gentleman.—
To one portion, indeed, I am ready to give my cordial approbation ;
but to another, delicately handled and rapidly dismissed, I listened
with pain and disippointment. I think' lam bound to say some-
thing in the outset upon the point, whether there ought to be any
debate upon this question—whether we are not bound to silence,
not merely by prudential considerations, but by the pledge given when
this question was last under discussion. How does the question
stand ? Last year Ministers tools the whole subject into their town
beads, and under their own immediate direction. We most cheer-
fully consented to the proposition then made for this purpose ; we
surrendered the matter to them, receiving at the same time a posi-
tive and specific pledge. What was that pledge?
" That it is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive measures
for amcliora ing the condition of the Slave population iu his Ma-
jesty's Colonies.--That through a determined and persevering, .but
judicious and temperate enforcement of such measures, this House
looks forward to a progressive improvement in the character of the
Slave population, such as may prepare them for a participation
in those civil rights and privileges which are enjoyed by other
classes of his Majesty's subjects. That this House is anxious for the
accottiplisliment of this purpose, at the earliest period that may he
compatible with the well-being of the Slaves, the safety of the Co-
lonies, and with a fair and equitable consideration of the interests of
all parties concerned-therein. '
—Such was the pledge, and such were the Resolutions of the Right
Itinourable Gentleman last year; and when-it was suggested that
the Colonial Legislatures would not consent., he replied, that he
thought that they would, but if not, oif any resistance (said
the Right Ilonolable Gentleman) should be manifested to
the express and declared wishes of Parliament, any resistance, I
mean, which should partake not of reason, but of contumacy, it
would creates case(a case,however,which I sincerely trust will ver
occur) upon which his Majesty would not hesitate to come down
td Parliament fur counsel." I entreat the House to consider how
full and comprehensive this pledge was : it includes all the Colo-
nies—without exception and without distinctimi—(llear, hear).—
The Right lien. Gentleman last year talked of amelioration—what
amelioration ?—" determined and effectual anielioration," such as
would lead to the extinction of slavery. When W:11 it to Le accom-
plished *.• "At the earliest period compatible with the well heirg
of the slaves, and an equitable cont.idetation of the interests of all
parties concerned therein." If this pledge were faithfully re-
deemed ,and the conditions fulfilled, the friends of abolition would
be debarred from interfering at all with the sincere and salutary
measures of Government, for to Government they resigned the
task. I do rot mean to charge either the !light l ion. Gentleman or
his colleagues, but if this pledge is not, indeed, to be abandoned,
but to be redeceel, crialed, softened down, here a little and there
a little, so tlait the " amelioration of all the Colonies" shall
vela Mean the amelioration of a single island, and " effectual
anieliaration at the earliest period," shall mean only a tithe wide-
tla.:d, and so distant that Ito nian can say in what generation it will
take place—by the slaw, gradual course of admonition and example,
then, I say, it is far worse than if no such pledge had ever been
given. It we are to wait for progressive measures, for what the
flight honourable Gentleman calls " the light of reason,"—(llear,
bear)—l say, in answer to that cheer, that if we are to do. no More
Van the law of reason warrants—(clear, hear)—if we are to delay
taxa the gradual improvement so much talked of, has accomplish-
ed its purpose, ten centuries may elapse-before the negr.tes are treed
from their present state of melaficholy and deplorable thraldom. If
the pledge we so willingly accepted be withered down to that, then
for one, 1 say, that we who have taken up the cause, arc bound by
every souceivable motive, by every prudential consideration, to re-
deem the pledge we have given on our part to 700,000 of our suf-
fering fellow-cteatures, not in words indeed, but virtually and in
fact, and, in my mind, to he observed the more sacredly, because
they have not the means either of complaining of its abatalonment,
or of compelling its enforcement—(lleer, hear). I say, that we at
I ast will be no potties to such a desertion of duty—to such a
breach of faith. To the Order in Council I wish to do full justice,
and it seems to merit cordial approbation. I do not know what I
may think of some of its details, when I come to examine them
=ore minutely, but it appears to me that the general principles it
contains are sound and just. On some other minor points, as I
have already remarked, the Right Honourable Gentleman is en-
titled to my acknowledgments; but in order to shew more dis-
tinctly where t concur, and how far and where I disagree/and to
avbat extent, I will just notice them iu the order in which he brought
them forward ; Ist, as to allowing females to be subjected to the
cart-whip, it appeared that in 99 parts out of 100 of the West
Indiesit was still to be permitted. At present, a female slave in any
part of the West Indies may be exposed naked—(No, no, hear).
1 only request Honourable Gentlemen to wait until the fit oppor-
tunity for reply and contradiction it I ant wrong. I well know the
difficult situation in which I stand: no man is more aware than 1
am of the perplexities by which I am surrounded, and the obstacles
I have to encounter, and not one of the least is the task of following
the brilliant and able speech just delivered. But I have a duty to
perform, and I will perform it—(clear, hear!) I know that 1 shall
call down upon my bead obloquy and reproaches ; 1 have endured
them already, and I am prepared to endure them now; they have
rung In my ears before, and they will ring in my ears hereafter—let
them ring—l am sorry that such feelings exi.t, not that 1 have to
encounter them—(lleat, hear, hear!) lie ho " takes up a right-
ful cause against a world of disesteem," must know the mist-
quence, and he hail better never begin if he does not persevere. I
repeat, that it is deeply to be lamented that the yledge ever was
given, if It is not to carried into effect; and I will not sit quietly
while the Right Honourable Gentleman affects to perform his pr.,-
mice, and does nothing, or worse than nothing. It shall not be said
of me that I was co nfotoided by the dazzling talents of the Hight
lien. Gentleman—that I sat still while his large promises were re-
duced to sonar' ow a compass, and that I wassatistied to see his pledge
in favour of a whole Archipehigo riducvd to a single Islans!—( ilear).
I say, that by the law and custom of the West ludic', a female
Negro may be stripped naked, laal upon thi: ground, and, held
down by four others, in the presence of father, husband, or son,
whipped with the cart-whip—(llear, hear, hear). Well, this prac-
tice is to be abolished--prevailing in every other island of the West
Indies, it is to be abolished in Trinidad. The Right lion. Gen-
tleman said, that the first advance towards CiVi:lhetioll was an ob-
servance a the difference of sexes. I admit it, and I ask whether
it is to be expected that female virtues should display themselves in
a country where a woman may be publicly stript, and shamelessly
punished with a cart whip?—(hear). Is it to be expected that a
young Negro female will be chaste or modest when she is exposed to
such indecent cruelties? We are told that it is characteristic of the
Negroes to be gross and licentious. No doubt. How is it possible,
under such circumstances, that they should be otherwise? and they
will be so as lee% as this punishment is permitted. To abolish it
must be the first step towards moral improvement. But theta comes
the painful reflection that this first step, this abolition of a mode of
punishment, which the Right lion. Gentleman calls " unseemly and
shocking." is only to apply to a single Isitad—Trinidad, and to
Imo® cwt of 700,000 Slaves, not to amnion 8,000 in St. Lucie,
who are next to be bemoaned.
Mr. CAN NINO said, across the table, that this regulation was
also to include Demerara and Seelsite.
FOWELI.; BUXTON: I am aware of it; they are ulti-
