thought he should be unworthy of a seat in that house if he confined
to his own breast the regret anti astonishment he felt when he heard that
the learned gentleman, whose transcendent talents they all so much ad-
mired, after the declarations he had made in that house, had consented
himself to extinguish its greatest luminary by accepting an office which
deprived th:m of him for ever.—(Hear.) He had heard the noble lord
tell the country gentlemen of England that they were scarcely capable
of comting ten upon their lingers! and it must be owing to his being
buried in the same ignorance that he totally misunderstood the learned
girth mar. if h.: had not distinctly declared that he would not—that it
teas ir'possihlc he should—take any part in the administration then
fot ming. He thought it due to the noble and learned lord to state, that
his conduct had. excited an intense feeling of disappointment, in one in.
dividual at least, and he thought it was a feeling in which many others'
participated. He thought if an explanation of the conduct of the
noble ...el learned lord was not given, the consequences must he serious.
as it would tend to deteriorate the character of a high public Mix-
urinary.
Lord UORPETH said, if his noble friend and the right hon. gen.l
tlerrian requirA an explanation of the conduct of the t.oble and learned
lord, it would have been better if they had waited to demand that ex-
planation when, if it were thought proper, it might be given; and not
to make an attack on the noble and learned lord in the absence of all his
colleagues. Among all the declarations attributed to his noble and
learned friend, he had not heard it attributed to him, that lie had ever
said he should be mad it' he accepted the office of minister; and yet
neither his noble friend nor the right hon. gentleman appeared to see any
n consistency in holding office under the eminent person who had made
ti .at declaration—(Hear.)
Sir J. DUGDA LE said, the conduct of the noble and learned lord
lied greatly surprised and alarmed the country, and particularly the
people of Yorkshire. It wis in vain to say that he could be of equal
service in the other house of Parliament. It was in this house his
transcendent talents would be moat useful, and would certainly be tri-
umphant. There was no necessity for such a sudden change. Ile might
have remained at what he called to his constituents the pinnacle of
glory, till he had redeemed his pledge and his promises to his constitu.
ents. He might then have retired with the public approbation.
Sir H. HA RDINGE addressed the house with great warmth. He
should not have taken any part in the discussion, were it not for the
malicious sneer cast at the noble duke who had been at the head of the
late administration by the noble lord. But notwithstanding these sneers,
the public gratitude would allow that the noble duke had carried mea-
sures highly beneficial to the country ; he had reduced the expenditure
and taxation, and above all, he had carried that great measure the Ca-
tholic Relief Bill.—(Hear, hear.) These were substantial benefits, and
the public would allow that he had acted for their benefit, while others
talked ; and these services would secure him the public gratitude, in
spite of the sneers of lordlings —(There was a loud cry of order, and
the honourable gentleman apologised for the warmth into which he had
been led.)
Mr. MACAULAY was certain the conduct of the gallant officer must
aloaya do him the highest honour; but the gallant officer solely mit.
took the speech of the noble lord, who, in justifying his noble and
learned friend, said, you yourselves admit that a noble duke who took
office, which he said he would have been mad to accept, has rendered
great public service while in office. They might all judge that in the
formation of a government circumstances might arise which made it ex-
pedient for an eminent person to take office, which at first he thought not
to accept. There was no one now t who could give the explana.
tion which was called for, and was triessrtime for an hon. gent. to demand
it, who, if that great man was in the house would rather burn his tongue
than make the attack he had done? (Order, order.) He did not mean
that the hon. gent. would be deterred by personal fear, but by the power
of the noble and learned lord's talents.

Mr. CROKER said, he did not shrink from contest with the noble
lord when in that house, but had a warmer contest with him than he
ever had with any other man in the world.
Mr. LONG WELLESLEY said, he had opposed the government
of the Duke of Wellington, but there was no man In the country who
held the noble duke in higher honour ; sad he was confident when his
lite was written it would be seen that his errors proceeded from being
badirsurrounded (hear.)
A MEMBER, whose name we did not know, said he was confident
tie people of Yorkshire would be delighted to find that the same high
qualities that had recommended their representative to them, had also
recommended him to the office of Lord Chancellor (hear.)
Mr. S. RICE moved for a new writ for Helton, in the room of
Sir William Peachy, who has accepted the offiee of a Lord of the
Amiralty.
Mr. N. A. TAYLOR presented a petition from the Methodists of
Durham for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. WILBRAHAM moved, that a Member, whose name we
could not hear, should have leave of absence for a month, on urgent
private business.
Mr. HUME said, the public business was so pressing that he
should oppose the motion, unless the nature of the private business
WU UMW.

WILBRAHA M said, the hon. member was going to be mar.
vied. (Great laughter.)
Mr. HUME said he was satisfied, and should give no opposition....
(Continued laughter.)
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EGERTON presented six petitions from congregations in Ches-
ter, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. FOLEY presented two similar petitions from places in Wor-
cestenhire.

Sir W. GORDON presented a similar petition from Launceston.
Mr. BYNG presented a petition from the parish of St. George, for
the repeal of the Police Act : and a similar petition from the parish of
All Saints, Poplar.
Mr. HUMS said he was desired to state, that the inaease of ex-
pense on this parish was 4001. which was a very heavy burthen on
so poor a parish. He hoped the Committee of Inquiry would soon
be tormed.

Mr. HOLDSWORTH presented a petition from Brixton, against
the duty on sea-borne cosi.
Lord MORPETH said he had a petition to present from the town of
Leeds against colonial slavery, signed by 15,000 persona. He was pre-
sent when the petition was on, and nothing could exceed the
deep interest excited by the subject. He felt that any support he could
give to ary administration must be independent ; but looking at the pre-
sent administration, he felt a confident hope that the great cause the
petitioners supported would find a fair field and a liberal support from
Government, and he hoped the same for the great question of Parlia-
mentary Reform, a liberal policy both st home and abroad, and the
preservation of the inestimable blessing of peace. He felt that the Go-
vernment were placed In a situation of great difficulty, and that all their
energies would be immediately required to suppress the disturbances of
the country, in which he perfectly agreed with the Secretary of State that
the people should all themselves unite.
LABOUC H ERE said the house owed it to the country and to
humanity to take this great question into its immediate consideration.
Mr. Is. DOUGLAS said he had that day attended a meeting of per-
sons interested in the Irest Indies, and they all felt that they were mis-
represented to that house and the country, and they courted inquiry.--
It was quite impossible that the question could be disposed of in the
manner recommended by the petitioners for an immediate abolition of
slavery.
Mr. BETH EL supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. EVANS hoped the Government would take the question into
consideration, and do substantial justice to the 000,600 human beings
now suffering the horrors of slavery.
General GASCOYN would be glad to know what course the Govern-
ment meant to pursue in the great questions of Parliamentary reform
and the abolition of slavery. He should be willing to support the Go-
vernment in a moderate reform.
Mr. BERNAL, as a West Indian proprietor, could not remain silent
on this question : he maintained that, with deference to the feelings of
the house, that without reference to colour or complexion, it ought to
be looked at with the eyes of statesmen. Whatever had the character
of property ought not to be subjected to the views founded on the
Wel:tof hypocrisy, affected religion, or bastard morality. But as a
idien Proprietor, he acknowledged that the time was now come
when the question could no longer be delayed; it was one of no mean
consideration, and the task would be found not to be lessened by being
taken piecemeal.
Mr. BRISCOE considered slavery as a cruel and a foul stain on
Rngland.—(Hear, hear.) He was astonished that any man could yen-
ture upon its advocscy,---;Hear, hear)—or he should hear any hon.
member in that house declare Ist English ts would better their
condition by becoming slaves in the West Indies. By the motion of the
late Mr. Canning, which was passed with the concurrence of the
West Indian interests, the oppression of slavery was admitted, and the
house had then pledged itself, as soon as possible to adopt measures
for its abrogation. With regard to claim of compensation, the hon.
member begged leave to state, that the petitioners were willing to bear a
fair proportion of the expense; but the question was now like the
question of reform In Parliament ; the people would have it—they
would no longer bear the shame of the crime.
Mr. O'CONNELL remarked the tone in which the member for Ro-
chester had addressed the house ; he reprobated the comparison of West
Indian slavery to the state of England. There was something in the idea
at variance with all that constituted the genuine feelings of humanity— I
to instance as a better condition the situation of the slaves, who, as chit.
dren, women, or men, might, at the pleasure of their owners, be sub-
jected to the cart.whip, at least not exceeding 39 lashes, and who were
at all times liable to be torn asunder from the dearest ties of kindred,
and sold for the debt of their owner. The Act of Parliament that con.
(erred this power was a cruel act, and the time was now arrived when it
must be discussed. The honourable and learned gentleman expressed
his utter abhorrence of the slave trade, and cited as one hardship in
the state of the slaves, that slave evidence was rejected. He remarked
that the proprietors ought to have followed the Government in their

Mr. BERNAL explained.
Mr. RUTH YEN reprehended the terms which had been used by the
member for Rochester,but the imputations of hypocrlay,allbcted religion,
and bastard morality, the hon. member was sure could not apply to the
members of that house.—(A laugh.) He maintained that the question
could only be understood by frequent discussion, and must be approached
