POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

Manstoe-llotole.—Yesterday, llutchinsor, Conner of the ce-
lebrated Topaze frigate, which fired upon the Chinese some
months ago, applied to the LORD MAYO% for his Lordship's in-
terposition in favour of a little boy, named Shea, whose merits
and misfortunes entitle bins to particular notice.
The Gunner said, that the Topaze touched at Ceylon, where
the poor boy was hard at work amongst the natives in the town
of Trincomalee, and greatly discontented at his situation. The
Gunner compassionated the child, and finding that he spoke
English, proposed to him to leave his slavery, and take his
chance in another country. The offer was embraced; and the
boy was taken on board, with the consent of Captain Richard-
son, the Commander of the frigate. It was impossible to do jus-
tice to the youth during the period of his service; although not
twelve years of age, his activity, c-orage, and grateful recollec-
tion of benefits could not be surpassed. The Gunner having
failed in repeated attempts to procure him employment at
Portsmouth, brought him up to London, in the hope that cha-
racter would compensate for the defect of a diminutive stature.
The Loan Mavoa highly commended the humanity of the
gunner, and at the same time felt some surprise at the diffi-
culty encountered in the efforts to obtain a situation for so va-
luable a boy.
The gunner declared, that he should select the boy from a
multitude of all ages and abilities, to accompany him upon any
dangerous enterprite. The journey from Portsmouth to Lon-
don had been undertaken in the confident hope that a master
could be found through the interference of the Magistrates, or
the well known liberality of the public press. If, however, the
attempt should not be successful, he (the gunner) would still
continue his contributions for the support of the boy.
The Loan Mason said he should certainly endeavour to serve
the boy, and directed that the Governor of the Giltspur-street
Compter should, in the meantime, take all possible care of him.
At parting Irons the boy the gunner shed tears, and gave him
much more than half the contents of his pocket.
It was, in the course cif the recital, mentioned by the gunner,
that he was one of the two whom the Chinese demanded for
execution, in consequence of the fire which the Topaze had di-
rected against them.
Captain Saumarez, who has undertaken to see justice done to
the soldier's wife whose case we mentioned in the STAR of Friday
se'imight as one of great hardship, sustained by her !chance upon
two persons who acted as ship-brokers, without being sworn,
appeared at the Justice-room, and had souse conversation with
the LORD MAYOR. ,
The Captain said he had frequently applied at the house of the
unsworn brokers, but did not suppose they had any intention of
paying back to the poor woman her 401. or procuring her a pas-
sage to the Cape. The consequence was' be had set on foot a
subscription, and hoped fur the sanction of his Lordship.
The Loan MAYOR much approved of the alternative adopted
In favour of the poor woman and her five children. l pis Lordship
then put down his name for 5/.35. and directed the chief clerk to
prepare the necessary papers preparatory to a law process against
Capp and King, for acting as brokers without being sworn.
TOWN-HALL, SOUTHWARIC.—/kury Ifensky, 17, ancis Burgess,
and John Elliot Fox, were charged with makiug a " Tons,Jerry,
and Logic" row, after midnight, near St. Thomas's Hospital, in
the Borough. The prisoners were dressed in a fashionable man-
ner : two of them are pupils at the Hospital—the other a lawyer.
A watchman stated, that at three o'clock in the morning, the
prisoners were making a noise in Maze Pond, knocking at the
different doors, crying, " Ge it, Tom—go it, Jerry—go it,
Logic!" One of them said, " Now we'll floor the d—d old
Charley !" They then ran with great force against a watch-box,
'and endeavoured to upset it. They were not, however, able to
effect their object of boxing a Charley, though they broke the box.
William Rich, a watchman, stated, that he saw the prisoners
come out of I house in Weston-street, Southwark, about three '
o'clock in the morning, in which there had been a good deal of 1
singles through the night. The prisoners immediately add
" There's a Charley !—let's have a lark with the old buffer !"
They then came up to his watch-box, and " blow'd him up !''
The night constable of St. Olave's watch-house, stated, that
the prisoners conducted themselves in the watch-house with ex-
treme violence, and Fox said, " I have a pistol and ball, and will
do for you, master constable!"
• Edward Palmer stated, that the prisoner Fox dared Kelly to
keep him a moment in the watch-house ; he said he was an At.
torney, and he had, powder and shot for him ; he then turned to '
one of his companions and said, " Do you think the fellow is
worth powder and shot ?"
Mr. Alderman SUITU said, this was another proof of the ill
effects produced by a nondescript theatrical representation, of
- most immoral tendency, called " Life in London," which had '
not only corrupted the minds and lodgment of the lower class
of society, but he was sorry to say, of persons moving in respect-
able stations.' Not a single night elapsed but young fellows were
aping Tom tied Jerry in the streets, thinking it was as easy to
beat watchmen In reel life, 'as in the scenes they had witnessed
upon the Stage. Uuless they paid a sum of money to some Ch.:-
Thy, be should feel it his duty to order them to find ball for
assaulting the watchmen:
The trio then agreed td give three guineas to' the St. Olave's
Female Charity School, and to pay the watchmen and constables,
which being done, they were repritnauesl'and diselwrged.

• • IIIItTFIS. . • •
Monday last, the 18th instant, at Belton novae, Lincoln.
thv Countess Brown's:me, of a daughter.
fimday, ►t Ballybricken, near Curk, the Lady of 111.1j1r
r, of a .daughter..

MARRIED.
On Thursday last, at All Saints, Lewes, -by the Rev. John
Scobell, Julian Slight,
_Esq. of Portsmouth, Hants, to Elia 4
Alma, only daughter of the late Thomu Wool'gar, Esq. of the
former plack.
March 13, at Penang, Lieutenant Stuart Corbett, of the :r.
gal .rtny, tee Charlotte, daughter of the but Thomas Briett4:,
I Esq. of Suffolk-lane.
Monday, at Madron Church,Cornerall,GeorgeGilbertCme,4
M.D. and F.R.S. to Mary, only child of the late John Denci
Esq. of Alverton, Penzance.
At Achindartorb, in Argyleshire, Major George Germaine
'"Cochrane, half-pay 57th Regiment, to Susan, elde*t daughter of
the Rev. Donald M'Coll.
Monday, at Conlnpby, 747 r. John Callmaek,widower,aged
of Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, to Miss Days • blw.hirg
virgin, aged 63, of the former place. On the day of their twiet-'
just at the time night was about to draw its curtain, in steppe,l
to the marriage feast a Mister Constable, from a neighliourin, rih
lage,who, by virtue of a Magistrate's warrant, took the
groom into custody for. the maintenance of a choppirg boy, 4
whom he was the reputed father, by a frail fair one, and f•;q'
which he absconded about 23 yens ago. NutwithAandiug th?,
tears and entreaties of the affectionate bride and her attendant,'
Mister Constable, like the rest of the knig,lits of the staff. deaf
complaint, captured his victim, took him to his own parish, and
I kept him several days i 4 tow, till ample satisfaction was given.

• WED. • •
Nov. 6, at Clifton, aged 68, Captain Andrew Sproule, R.N,
formerly of the William-and Mary, Dublin yacht.
June 11, at Ashmedabad, Lieutenant Charles Terrington,
the 2d Bombay Light Cavalry.
Sunday, at Chelsea College, Captain Roycroft, Adjutant of
that Institution, and late Captain in the 17th Dragoons.
Nov. 12, at Marsh-green, Osbyshire, aged 75, af,:er a short
illness, Bright Nedder, Esq. Captain in the 84th Foot.
Nov. 14, at Drinkld, Derbyshire, of infl immation,which con-,
tinned a fortnight, Randal 11:.miiston i
Nov. 14, in Margaret-street, Cavendish-square, J. Minthin,
Esq. late Captain in the 9th Lancers.
Lately, at Bath, Sir IL•nry White, K.C.B. Major-General of
the Bengal Army, to which be b.:longed for upwards of 31 year,.
At Whitehaven, in his 64th year, Robert Blakeney, Esq. an
acting Magistrate, and Deputy-Litutenant of Cumberland.
Nov. 19, in Not folk-street, Mr. 6. 'Francs, Professor of As-
tronomy in the Royal Academy, Berlin.
On the evening of the 11th instant, in Portland-street, rear
Port-Eglinton, the Rev. John Leech, formerly of Largs, teach:r
of Hebrew, and Lecturer on Sacred Criticism, in Glasgow, in
the 59th year of his age. Ilis death was most unexpected. The
evening before, and indeed for a considerable time past, he had
been uncommonly cheerful and se-rene. About nine o'clock he
had occasion to go out to make two or clime short calls, at tht.-
last of which he was earnestly pressed to take a great coat, (.(s
the night had become uncommonly stormy,. which he refused,
as he was going straight home and to bed, and had nothing on
bins that could be spoiled by the wet. Ile took a short cut by
a made footpath, in which were several anpleasant steps, all (.1
which he got over, and was •s :thin 100 yards of his own hotoe,
on a good hard road, when he was struck with apoplexy, M
which, it would appear, he had instantly died, for lie was found
lying straight forward upon his face in the very middle of it,
none of his clothes, and only his shoes and stockings,' being the
least soiled or discompose d ; nor was there the snial:e: injury
on his person, saving only on his face, where he had str:::k on
the ground, which was a little bruised, but which neverth:le.:.;
indicated the same uncommon composure and mildness that
had done for some time pa nor had the least article been ab-
stracted fram him. Perhaps there are few scholars of the a'e
who excelled Mr. 1.. in cruslitian in the sacred languages, aid
in critical biblical knowledge.

N EWGATIRaito LEA DI ALL MARK ETS,
(By the Carcase.)
Reef ..... ...Is 8d -.to 2s 81 I Veal to 4s 41
Mutton.. ...... 2.3 Od to Sts 4tl Pork .........2s Od to Z•s 81
PR IC&S or HA 'V AND STRAW YESTERDAY.
ST. J A MIES'S. W MT= HArgt.
1-Tay .51 cc; od to 41 Os Ad Hay... 51 6s to 41 os OA
Straw 11 7; od to 11 16s 6d I Straw 11 Bs to 11 16. 04
Clover 31 7; Od to bl 4s 01 Clover 7:1 Ui to 41 10: od

1-10Ps.

NEW rocu-r:N.
Kent,
Suksex _2l Os t') 21 His
Elsex • ' .121 5s to 51 His
F4rithans ,61 Os v.) 71 is
