• Abe asap to. the prodamatian was, to sniPelk 'ol4t
:condemnations, though not any of his captures
reizures. Is it not then apparent that our Gov r -
anent has by this imperial despot been grossly de-
ceived ? Willingly and blindly led on, step by step,
lb a situation from which they could not recede with-
out disgrace and dishonour to themselves, or go for-
ward without distress aid ruin to their country ! •
• Alas! their dazzled eyes
' 13eheld this man in a false glaring Vett,
• Which conquest and success have thrJwn upon hint!
• Did they but view him right, they'd see him black
• With murder, treason, sacrilege and crimes,
' That s rike my soul with horror but to name 'ens !'
44 Attend for a moment, Sir, to the declarations of
your President himself, in his three Messages prece-
ding this Session. You will find him speaking in rela-
tion to France of s authorised expectations,' amicable
professions,' 4 negotiations procrastinated to the latest
date.' Aye, Sir, this procrastination is indeeed the
very thief of time—of millions of Amet ion property
—and of a large proportion of our national spirit anti
reputation. In his Message at the last Session he
speaks of 4 delays before so unreasonably spun nut.'
Yes, Sir, spun out indeed ! And he will continue to
spin them out, as long as you condescend to send him
the raw material. Yes, Sir, here were spin those
halters which, in the appropriate language of an elo-
quent Gentleman on a former occaeion, were by
France so twisted round the necks of this Adenine.
stration, that nothing but the sword of war could sa-
ver them.
44 Why then disgrace our country by keeping your
Minister dancing attendance at the Court of this
proud, sanguinary, and faithless Tyrant ? Ts repub-
lican America to be the only nation to prop his tot-
tering Throne ? Thank Gon, the Tyrant falls—
and the world again is free !' Let us then emanci-
pate our country from this imperial slavery I—and
with the immortal Bard exclaim—
' tim—
'Then be these juggling fiends no more believ'tl,
• That palter with us in a double sense ;
' That keep the word of promise to our ear,
• And break it to our hope.'
44 One word, Sir, as to tat_ fart that the• prottusla
gation of the French repealing decree was the ground
of rescinding the British Orders it: Cowman Witch,
however, an Hon. Gentleman, on a iorrnetvecasion,
::Aid that no Gentleman on tacit thy thou assert:
Yes, Sir, in the•language of menace, dare assert!
Islc.,w it happened that; every Gentleman en t!!is side
of the Hous", who followed *al Hon. amAlematt
in debate, not only Aired to assert, bet a-tnally to
prove the fact. And, Sir, if you take as competent
,the same witness, made use of by that Hem. Gentle.'
man himself, the fact is suscepti!lle of the m"st corn-
Elete proof--I mean the Prince Rego:: himself, in his
very rescinding decree.
41 But, Sir, passing by that. the fast is proved by
one of that Hon. Gentleman's political friends, one
too whom he will not be disposed to disbelieve. I
mean the President himself, who, in his Message to
Congres in November, 1812, says—s This proceed.
ing (the promulgation of the French repealing De-
cree) although made-the ground of the repeal of the
-British Orders in COuncil, is rendered by the time
and manner of it liable to many objections.' Aye,
Sir, 4 made the ground of the repeal of the British
Orders in Council.' Now, Sir, let that Hon. Gentle-

man go to the Palace and beard your President, and
demand of him how he dare pronounce to the Ame-
rican people this damning fact ? Nor, Sir. can any
reflecting man doubt, that had either the fact of the
promulgation of the French repealing Decree,
or of the British rescinding Order, been known
in America prior to the declaration of war, tbai de-
structive event would not have taken place. And it
is not too much to add, that had not the Presidential
eleCtion b:en pending, that declaration would not
have been precipitated.
66 The greatly increased patronage which that
event would give, appeared to the self constitnted
managers of that election, to be absolutely necess try
to secure the re-election of Mr. Madison.
" But, Sit, the demoralizing, the calamitous effects
of this commercial restriction and war, ate the most
to be deprecated. The ruin of commerce and the
oppression of the merchant and sailor, ore evils too
great to be longer borne. And all this wide waste
and ruin in a war professedly for • free trade and
sailors' rights.'. Wh4t has the merchant and the
sailor done to draw down upon them the destructive
vengeance of Government ? Search the world, where
will you find a more enterprizing, mole intelligent
class of citizens than the merchants of America ?
Your once overflowing treasury, the immense riche
which formerly flowed into our country, were ini.L.ed
splendid monuments of their industry and enterprize.
Consider likewise the hardy adventurous tars ot Ame-
rica ; every sea and climate bore Witness to their in-
trepidity and boldness. Nay, Sir, in the present war,
'from the deepest abyss of infamy and di grice they
have plucked up, and now hold suspended, your
drowning honour by the locks 1 • .. .
66 But in eulogizing one class a this. abused, in-
stilted, and oppresses people, I do injustice to th
leSt. Would to GOD it were posi ble, from the ele-
vation of this capital, or of yon palace, t ulers could
behold the disgrace and ruin, their acts have brought
on this country. But the' Executive part of the go-
vernment, living at their ease in splendid ax .
mantained at the piiblic charge, fed by. the people,
[who yet appear ' to lick the band just raised to shed
their blood'] and like prodigals far rig sumptuously
every day.—Little, ah little, do they think to thy ac-
cumulated misery and distress, which their oppressive
acts have brought upon this once happy coutvry.
" Sir, you will drive Csis people to madness. Re-
store them to peace before it be too late I Restore
to theM their commerce, their fishery, their accusto-
med modes of supporting their families, before they
turn upon you in despair I Restore to them trillions
of property sacrificed in this ruinous contest—restore
sons to their fathers—fathers to their wretched wive.'
and children—whose blood now cries from the ground
for vengeance upon their cursed betrayers, utio owe
their greatness to their country's ruin—then instead
of curses not loin!, but deep,' the blessings of those
steady to perish will light upon you.
" Sir, 1 will conclude by declaring to all our ene-
mies, both foreign and domestic, that however widely
we may differ upon minor justlypointt—however and
pointedly we condemn the violent and oppressive acts
of our Rulers, America is still our country—still dear
-to the patriot breast, and must be defended : her inr
dependence and her rights were purchasid by the
beta blood of our forefathers, and, when necessary,
will be protected with that of their sons 1,"
