..
.
Graham. Sir S.
Tellers--Hobbouse, J. C. and Johnson, Colonel.
. . HOUSE OF COMMONS. THIS DAT.
Noumea or Alarrois.—l. Mr. Secretary Peel—Bill for Consoli-
dating Lanes on Theft. 9. Lard Advecste—Bill to regulate Scotch
Steam Vessels. IL Mr. Spring Rice—Bill for better A,dtrWata•
ties of Josdee in Ireland. 4. Sir John Newport-•-Rip to repeal the
44owtovrn Act. 5. Sir JObn Newport—Bill to pievent Espiseopal
in Ireland. 6. Mr. Littleton—Resolutions relating to Com.
on Private Rills. S. Alr. Secretary Peel—Billto improve
he .Administrition of Criminal Justice: 9. Mr. Goalbura—ME
did Law of Ireland militating Asciglng and Sub-letting
&c. 10. Mr. Goulburn--Bili for. regulating Mandamus
!Writs In Ireland.
°Mite err vs* Da I .—Bank Cbaiter Amendment, Bill—seiond
reeding. Prison Laws' (Ireland) Bill--second reading. Chelsea
and Kilmainham Hospital Bill—second reading. Bribery at Elec-
tions Bill—second reading. .

The following P4ition _was preserved to the House
of Lords, by Lord Dirciire and WARD, on Tuesday:
To the Right Honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in
Parliament assembled.
The Petition of the underbigned Aguas of 'several of the
British West India Colonies,
Hamm, Snewnru—Thu your Petitioners have been appointed
by acts of the several West India Colonies, to which their signa-
tures are annexed, their agents in Great Britain and Ireland, in
which character it is especially their duty to solicit from the Legis-.
Wore of Great Britain the same sacred regard to the rights, pri-
vileges, and property of their constituents In the Colonies, as is
rhewo to the tights, privileges, sod property of those who are Ml-
mediately represented in the British Parliament. .
That when grants were originally made to . the an-
cestors of the constituents of your petitioners of lands
' in the colonies, an express condition was appended, that.'
these lands should be cultivated, and the means of
cultivation were presented by the impartation of negroes
from Africa, obtained by a traffic which had long pre,
viciusly been established, sanctioned, and encouraged
by British laws.
That the Government of the mother country even
repelled and reproved occasional efforts made by the
Colonial Legislatures to limit and controul this im-
portation. B.elying therefore upon the faith of laws
Ifhich this formal!y recognised the existence of slaves
as property in the West India Colonies, the ancestors of
the constituents of your petitioners, with unhesitating
tOnfidence, embarlcei their capitals,- and exerted their
fnchntry, in the cultivation of those Colonies by the
.labour of negro Slaves: • Acts of Parliament were
passed, encouraging limns to them from British sub-
jects and foreigners, from which have arisen mortgages
on their property belonging to persons in this country.
Thus fostered and protected by Great Britain, the culti-
vation of the West India. Colonies. made rapid progress.
Large capitals were emharked and accumulated in this
brittis4 of Commerce. Cowiiiferible wealth was 10,
return' itiiirtied gime, ,tind'opeled -in itstrious.-otheil
iouria and channels of national is Instry, while, a nu.
rneriussfaidy btable seableo;:irearA and .exercised iac
'this bir owlt Aimestic trade, gave to Britain a decided
pie ttalneneeiri na vat sitength.
Th4;*hio,et'a. subsequent period, the British Par-
liainenr, after 'ltch hesitation, was pleased altogether
to abolish het trade. with Africa in slaves, and to render
its inininuance criminal, the Wig India-Colonies were
obedient WaNie legislation; the future effects of
dpiiin theii mein* of cultivation, and of compe-
tition with theiexi'vals in the markets of Europe, it was
not easy to estiniate nor tb foresee the extent and dura-
iiiiii of the traffic of foreign nations in the save trade.
-Although no proof was afforded of the necessity of
Stich pretautions from the existence of any illegal traffic
on slaves ; yet; at the,suggestion of the mother country,
registry bills Were passed by the legislatures 4 involving
the inhabitants in a considerable expens:, but which
have been c irried into practical execution, and have
furnished additional evidence of the sincerity of ' the
Colonists, so as to silence all charges against them as to
these laws being evaded.
At that period, however, the views of the British Le-
gislature, and the object of those who were most forward
to urging the measute, Were avowedly limited to the
abolition of the slave trade. Nu intimation was given
of any projected interfeTence with property acquired
and established under the solemn sanction of law : the
British Parliament would, your Petitioners are'pef-
suaded, have revolted at the bare suggestion of wresting
from the hands of British subjects,, without amplecom-
pensation, valuable possessions w h cit they .had pur-
chased -and _paid for under special authority. Nay,
assurances *ere assiduously held out, that a compulsory
emancipation of the slave, which forms the baiis of
colonial property, was not even distantly contemplated.
It. was always understood that the resolutions passed
by. the Cmiunons House of Parliament in May, 1829,
and to whith-the toncurrence of your Lordillips is. now
asked, contained a distinct pledge to give effect to
measures of amelioration; but it was soon after main-
tained that they also contained a pledge on the part of
that House, of emancipation, unaccompanied by 'any,
definite pledge of CompeasatiOn fur injury which_pro.
perty might sustain in the course of the experiment.'
This has naturally produced great alarm in the colonies,
to whiehinay be attributed the disinclination shown by
several of the Legislatures formally to adopt the re.
commendations ?nude to them by his Majesty's' Go-
vernment.

Far beyond regulations of melioration in its effects
Upon the colonial interests; is ttie object,. at present
pursued by those who are assidupusly employed in
agitat.ng the public mind in this country. The abolition
of the slave trade having been accomplished, it is now
no longer melioration of the condition of the slaver, but
the extinction of slavery itself, which is the avowed aim,
—coupled, it is true, in many instanees,wi.h an admission
of the-right of the planters to be compensated by the
Legislature for any injury which 'may arise' from this
measure to their property; Your Petitioner* apptghend
that it is intended to follow up the Reiolutiens base.
mentioned, .by measures for enforcing the compulsory
manumissioreof the slaves, thus itnenediattly. invotlit)g
the rights of property, affording serious an- tasty fty,tite
independence of the Colonial largislattireseand.tbil safety~
of their" felloii•subjecrs in these, cotoaitit who*
ititivestait is their dbty to'tirsitch.
Your Petitioners are
standing it may happen-blitr,t: fp,st
~ 114%1,10

nr.questi as basis
securely be founded the hopes of further improvement.
Your Petitioners, conceiving that the degree to which the public
feeling ha, been excited on the subject of slavery, and* the call foci
its early ettinction, arias mainly from a misconception as to
actual condition, of the slaves in the British colonies, humbly pray
that your Lordships will take into your consideration such info
tion u your Lordships may command from 'authentic and impar-
,
tial 11011 f Cell, on this important subject.
Aad, finally, your httitioners.pny, that in the exencise of the
wise and cautious deliberation which your. Lordships always apply
to every question affectiog the rights of property proadalon may be
made that neither directly or indirectly,. tbeiproperty which the
paleedsts hold under tke sanctioct of. law, =ay he invaded without
4011 l costspeitsation. 4 ..

GEORGE HI BRERT, Agent for. Jamaica-
GROItGR CAItRINGTONcAgent for Rarbadoes.
JA 3114 coLgunoux,.Agent for St. Vincent,
Dominica, Maris, nod the Virgin Islands.
ANTHONY BROWNE 4 Agentfor Antigua.

Mr. GOULBURN AIWA direttute In opialicq phall-.prevail 'qtr.' con
tweed the Judges oloariell*.Ontufmlefft::::.‘ CwrelliPortZ, rid I' ft,/ "iliVetionies as-to 4,lse mtge. of the-measures to ,the
tho Irish 4overolosk....Oodiret to In
Bank misance&—lliitliuttsll44.4tile#2 lo l'iT 4: ' -'t - • yetis .gevertheiesi: uttitomtip. ,1 yi asOarirstiliSPC." .
Mr' 181tRingfilinughstralk• ilia "tint to Itl4. 116*/411, , ' ihd •as .ita'.- ah*-51:••• I' ''
:. . 4.74 •t:,-44ii.otthem: , for.
livitiolirry ii: wilt iidititousu4:44, tp 4, R. 4 Sitort•Ms•ttbit poi t- of theitoksoistwto meliorated* pis- ril
. ist tooti,iblesitltha*lty Eitionsse. .:: Alitiott of their slave poisulat;on, to add to their temlfcral nis
I Abhor's, Vls'conne. „,;1 Sir W. Polots,.W. & 'comforts, and to pursbe such gradual measures as shall, than
Bernal RAO . ~,..? at, Or *abet ;41sitaysse -': • : ' y raising their moral character, encourage indititrious fort
loe,
Make, Sir F. • • - ward, U. ° albilisslOir ri* I --)
obits and by quickening tbeir religious feelings fit
C,olbirne,N. It. - Hopwood, W..11t. SAWN, A. W. ' '3. . ' nec
Corbett, Poston ..- belays Ihetica' i, .alillesed, W. , ikon for the enjoyment of more extertitve civil rights ;
.. .
Davies; IL H. . - Nosh Tboillirs.::l).Tainew John ' - znd'your Petitiontos would humbly appeal on. this part irk.
Deltholl. W. J Knightvßeboliton I MAK, fildword• of the subject to the zealous and liberal co-operation 4
Diclilmoti. win. - Lomb. Floe. G. : ...WilsokSi
.r IL which the religious establishment, provided by the Ise '
Dinicannion, Viscositt lawley, F. Wasott, Ailerons
Nsimek. J. 1.•!_. 0 wyvin. mannaduk, nevoleot protection of his Majeity, lus teceived in the unu
Ellice, Edosid
ilsaits, W. ._ . Ord, W. whanon, John' colonies ; since, ur.questionahly, on this basis may most phr
