r.

The bill WAS then I•ranf:ht in. rem' a first time, and Or-
ihettl to be rend a sera-11 in•r i, :‘1.)11.1.1 wca.
OATILS•IN VARLIAMANT

•On the duration that•titir 1).11 l committed.
Mr. PEIWEVAI, said. it was proper that members of
parliament, wlto were •ul.jrct,, no: lulus. s/.n.uhl take
..aths before the Lord Ile,itles. a future par-
liarnent might eon, t a resolution the 11:e ol.ths taken
is that .house shooNl be abrogated, and then en oathsI
arall woad he taken.

Mr. AVV.SNP: said, it would be as illegal for the house
to abn,gatca..ose mulls of its own outhoti..y. as it would be
utrogare.,the tt.t,hs before the Lord Steward.
The bill Was then committed.
Mr; FIttiVKILA bID LEWIS brought in a bill to re-
relate tte saieof coals in the city of fruition and the adjoin.
tag distrfett.--- if cad lint time; to be read a second time
t.O Wed.,t-tday n.xt.
Ltird NI;(71;NT brought in a bill to rbolish certain Ex-
eve anti Custoltt oastbs.—Read a first time; to be read a Sc.
cowl titne.tin Mondstynext.
3lr. 111'ff 'in oresenting a reform petition from nolton•
paid 41h, poitiootrs did not entirely di.approve o
the ministers' Measure ; but claimed the sufrage for all
bouseholders.-and vote by ballot.
Mr. HI.'NT. in twesewinit a petition from Stockport for
the repeal of Corn Laws. gave notice of a motion for dm
repeal of all existing laws interfering with the free importa-
tion of men.

Colonel iIIITHORPE gave notice of an amendment to
the Reform

Mr. PI )ILTNIAN presented petitions from two places in
Dorset, one for a bill for the 51,:etly recoveiy of debts, the
other tor•the abolition of Negro slavery.
Lord MILTON moved for certain returns ctincentin3 the
corn trade.

Mr. PORTMAN I): fun? the close of the
session some member woula b: pared xvitlt some site-
rifle plan for remedyin:; tit; evils of the present Corn
Law. lie approved of the Flan proposed by the member
for Middlesex.
Mr. HUME said, no farmer mold mulettahe nu en7age.
ment because of the uncertainty o: the Cori Laws. The
tax on the importation slioti!O be fixed atol permanent-
Lord MILTON thouy,ht it not desirable to (Hums.' the
Corn Laws this Session. His only object in moving for the
returns, was to lay befoze the House the pieces of iitforin.i.
don it did not yet ptrisess.
Col. TOUR RNS s::id, that the farmer,'s bto,incF,, until
the law vas fixed and pamaiient, could be nothiiz but
gambling siwettlation.
After a few words from Mr. JAMES and 3lr. PORT-
MAN, _ _ _

Mr. J. WOOD said, the hurting weighing exclusively
on the agriculturists, should ba thrown on the whole com-
munity, anti the corn !airs enthely abolished. With respect
to the sy•tem of averages it vas opal to fraud.
AM. THOMPSON screw from experience that the flue-
' tuation of ;he present i.oties Was FrhiCiOUP. But to Im-
portation without any fluty he would not agree
Mr. WA RBUILTON obNcrvot), that the manufacturers
also laboured under exclusive burdens.
After a few winds from Mr. BRNRT and Mr. MOR-
RISON. •
Sir. FERGUSON said, he was onposed to untaxed im-
portation. Such countries as Polnlsd supplying the whole
wants of the country, our agricultural labourers would be
kft unemployed and destitute.
Mr. TRA NT asted, what would become of the whole
' commnniiy, if, rclyinA on Poland for its coon, it then be-
came deprived of a communication with the Baltic, Going
• to the existence of the cholera nimbus or some other caLs.,
miry in thus- parts ?
Us. IRVING teas in farm''r of the average system.
Mr. RUTHVEN said, an untaxed importation, would
ruin Ireland.
The returns were then ore.ert.d.
Mr. MANWRLL present d a petition from Sir Har-
court tees of Dublin, az,ainst isfirtn.
Mr. DI AN WELL noted for !Warns concerning goods
warehoused in the port of London. Ordered.
Mr. LUIII R moved for an account el the experecs of the
Royal .t I ilitary Asylums of Cilthea, Isle of Wight, end
Southampton. Ord. red-
Mr. GORDON ;non ;It in a Biil for amending Acts 9
and In of Geo. IV. center i:,,1 hr warmer:l of insane prisons i
in. England and Wales. Read a first time, to be read a se-
cond time on Niontlay next.
Mr. HUTfI V RN moved for returns of criminal informs.
tions filed in the Court of ExeL:cquer in Ireland. Ordered.
• Mr. IRVING gave notice of a bill to consolidate the West
India Dock Acts.

Mr. SPRING RICE brought in several rail-road bills,
which were read a first time.
I:be House then adjourned at NINE o'CLocK.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

• WAltsnw, JUNE 13.—The Warsaw Gazette
intimates, that, notwithstanding the rejection of
the proposal for a change of our Government, all
- the members of it hurt, by the mark of distrust,
'intend, with the president Prince Czartoriski at
• their head, to send in their resignation ; and in
.this case, if it is intended not to deprive
them of the satisfaction which is due to
them, and to preserve union, the only means
of repairing the evil will be to confirm them in their
office by a new nomination.
The departure,of the corps of General Kreutz
from the district of Lublin, was thought at War-
saw to he a retreat of the Russians ; but it seems,
from later accounts, that it was merely a
change of position. as General Rudiger came im-
, .mediately from Usielug, and occupied Lublin.
_ A dispatch from General Count Lcdochowski,
Governor of Medlin, dated the Bth, informs the
• Commander-in-chief, that on the preceding day
. a Russian flag of truce had brought to the
Polish post, on the Narew, a proclamation to
the Polish soldiers. On the same day, ano-
ther Russian Officer brought the same pro-
'clamation to another Polish post. The Po•
• lish officers acted very judiciously: they called
together their men, and read the proclamations to
them. The men are stated to have laughed at
them, and to have affirmed that they would defend
:themselves to the utmost, and not lay down their
arms. The copies of the proclamations were
thrown into the fire, while the Poles sang a patri-
otic song, and the Russian officers were dismissed.
TIIE HAGUE, JUNE 21.—We hear that the
•King and the Prince of Orange will shortly go to
Jreda, to view the camp in the neighbourhood of
that city. By a Royal Decree of the 18th, it is
ordered that persons coming from, or through
Belgium, are to come only through the fortresses
of Nimeguen, Bois le Duc, Breda, and Bergin-op-
Zoom.
ROTTERDAM, JUNE 22.—The central commit-
tee for the navigation of the Rhine, exchanged on
the 16th inst. at Mayence, the ratification of the
convention for the free navigation of the Rhine,
concluded on the :31st of March, and fixed for the
17th July next, as the day on Which the new re-
gulations shall be in force.—iiutch Papers,
June 23.

WA us.% w , Ju'. 6.—On the Ist of the month,
a deputation from the Municipal Council of War-
saw proceeded to the headquarters of the General-
issimo, and declared to him that in case of necessity
Warsaw, at his call, would rise like a single man,
and *hew the enemy that its inhabitants were not
ignorant of the use of arms. The Generalissimo
replied, that Warsaw would not be placed in the
-•• situation of defending itself ; but that he was sure,
that the enemy, if he ailacksd the capitol, would
:...find a tomb under its walls. The fortifications

which have been recently constructed around War-
saw are. very' extensive, and it Would require a con •
• •aiharable army to besiege it. The patriots of
Podolia have negociated a loan of 20 millions with
BrapiSka at Bialocorkien, near Kiew

upon the Dnieper. The receipt has been signed
by the Emir Kzewieski. They have received at
Warsaw, from Hungary, for the hospitals, three
hundred casks of wine, one hundred and fifty of
vinegar, and other objects.
W A IiSA w, JuN 11.—We are now released
from all incertitude ; our wishes are accomplished.,
The hazardous plan of our Generalissimo has suc-
eeeded, and the Satnogitians are saved. On the
6th of June, in the morning, the Polish army
passed the Niemen at two principal points, Gto•
gudzeskie and Wilkie. 1 his has caused 'the
greatest joy and enthusiasm to the inhabithntsl
of the right side of the bank of the Niemen,
and the Polish army will .ho supplied with all its
wants from their brothers It will give assistance
to the revolution in Courland, where numbers of
the inhabitants have joined the Poles. The army
of (: Gielgud has a sufficient number of of-
fleets with it to organise 25,000 men, which will
be sufficient to occupy part of the coast of the Bal-
tic sea. We learn that Count l'rzezdziki, ancient
Colonel of the Lancers, is proclaimed General of
the Forces in the district of Ochmiana ; the army
he commands consists of 14,000 men.

I am informed, but cannot pledge myself for the
fact, that there is a letter in town from Warsaw.
which ascribes the movement of the General-in
Chief (Skrzynecki) in advance, and which was cc
menccd on the 9th, to an intention of availut.
himself of the panic with which the Rizssian arms
would naturally (from their superstition) be seized
at the suicide, or other sudden death, of their Com-
mander. The letter, lam informed, adds, that it
was the determination of the Polish Government.
now that they hare got sea-ports (Polangen am:
I(retyngna) to issue letters of marque against
Russia.

EV ENING STAR.

LONDON.
-.--
SATURDAY, JUNE 25.

Ire thank our friends in different parts of the
country, for the active zeal with which they seem
every where to be promoting the circulation of the
SPAR, and the Paper testifies our daily gratitude
in our unremitting exertions to render it the ear-'
liest in intelligence, the honestestin conduct, and
the soundest in principles. The rapid increase of
its circulation renders it also one of the most ad-
vantageous channels for all Advertisements of bu-
siness.

.;.. rouona nave
• '• 'the Counties I
