oatilo
thought

M
Mil
to night,.
appear that
with dishont
of England,
people 0-
taken of
rich and
quer
out

to cast
the del,
awn °pint.
onfairly—he
alteration.

Mr•
have &
Reform,
lidos e'

Lord
could

The
Bard,

had
with

payable on Bi
which the prit
he complained
was not sit&
ernment '
stance :
were

• (li

Ezecutil
consent
was dor
denten'
(Lord .
mitred
on ordinary .
stances under
their wee
of Trade
Rom "
mind.
and be
reiolut
precedents

meat,
that

on pepper, had
of Parliament.
16th
Mary,
written

Treasury
not go the
0-
to pay
This

sible.—{l
Mr. G.

the _
Honourable
bad acted
?fence .
occasionally
(Hear, -
the

Mr. b
question
koowledged,
fended ; but
coming
the 0
that
continue

The
Alla '

Mt
much
the

tines,
sire
was 2
or 81.
poses
taped

arddes
retained
Of tbis
titions
duty:being
duty

soya
sa• l
•phur,
*Deed
beet et
as
dbe

be
palms
isrsoy
ru

fire
into

view
of To
bouse

He 1.-
bete&
tiosw of ►
03.20 Ping
pittance r'
be

information,
once derived

sudied;
Poliiia!
sbc war
tars'

. .
~. . .
4.a.* .....• . ..., . ....... . . .
, ... • •,'• • z • :. • .
•.- _ -
•"• . .
. - •
. .
-That
O 1
of the Committee or the Houte, inconsistent with justice. He
reached how considaed as fortissimos at metal evil, old at imaisws dimness ;
ght the House should wait to see the measures ministers had to art it bull's thatidie la te:lrtelLeeteektsdhy dir the la*" tea each Year' PANORAMA OF THE BRITISH ihar--it was flUelinds vagrancy did simak have ever hers
Mr. ROBINSONP timid by esesibeed the Men me merely EM P 1 t.R E. and that these wretched receptedia, the amen Idling blues, me
Ollt ....mollo. dlO OM MOM d diffinieg vicious principles, aid thst a at
ir. HUNT said, by what fell from the Chancellor of the Exchequer
__,batmee_a_____the_.mandisooofeememoodompler lieliPoo
whhdraleg
mow ,but ma-
ismidideet 1711-he
EXETER ALFRED, FES. 1. peptides 0 the wide wasting Mere can be dearly decal tribigfil.
ght, and the First Lord of the Admiralty on Friday night, it would 'Maw= m thy apartassete. That thaw nib have latterly incomes& to an ahem.
lir that those who opposed their plan of the Civil Lbt were chargedTl
Ma WARBURTON supping the resolution, as he tessidad it At the Guildhalk_iffigetilie ela Massy Isms befell the Marti an lag dfigile i that vniesetierood.mst#Chr. have Posen iwth a system at
dishonesty. ( No, no.) On the part of the Radical Refornters ..._._ atalTalthe this
;ngland, he declared that they wanted nothing but justice ; but the st.iddol dows;), fore,delinthismor what, haeeshststet. egodeardelenwspand Pis
Zrkeggs. Lidel legeorts,4lllormermnopwairhased:RajliPa lee
leeettrilhbee' mas-Bsel. mesdegelseu ';°llllindividualney dillimilkimilll.l run sown ulnae indesouon rini
tie of England would not think they received justice if money was ""`
tiordas of labome leareue. AO dist the Rig t Het. Ifka. ter over the nose with the lead end ebb Whip. In defauk of payment to ream& those illegal pleldes, mid to &az die tows et otemade. , Toga
n out of their pockets to be put into the pockets of those who wore ..
.ident had nee, being oft elen"sliplotion of the duty, reposhid he was ordered to becoming for three months in gaol. t2M-Type, the town and whit of 111sIabesi, md the Med* of steads
and did not want it. (Hear, hear.) The Chancellor of the Exch.- ~
_,;o.erhoratravi_
_____,_„__ .
• had mid the other night, there were names on the Pensioo List that " ilir . wetoosematerm=ssed to
speak in favour
ors
raw
re- es thardohmeselloamhootfirer aeshessiogehtt TawatuetrucHaligen' DeemPert'to the __,.....ea Meltdamisks.late' uoi=estatgatate=eett andel alorearatriereltilsalitetthqy allikoirebtrisyveliall rolC Stores
ht not to be there-was it pence to allow there to malts ? (Hear.) inse a =lto be called the loaket; foe the
ductioa_.
..afgthe....detystp. _
,___
_____,_ dew of mire and Mikes Tem the Wert sett, *a
he CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he never meant au C
it the slightest imputation on any member of the house who opposed roerd°ltiglo II Iwcdwg Zone moo. he Nowa; hod
amomsd
ward
kmeroittlfireadiblembulesedoe.ffismd whanicrests_.wereed
littriterloothi° s 1171.7"?Psilif-That gale eilkelit be *poll::
ebeniathathelandbetomdadut dissieviagNuensieseßeebiseisopmeTpCbae,
civil list. He had only said that he could not act cootrary to his Deck I
opinion of justice. He had been accused of dividing the pension that Lbe,"awdm, °Ld'itins_ inoli, the Lillemdimincrers at wall"' i wild egligsassamd
everybinadassebmesseat the-I:ediet
48.ineggpanaasesemotbeees. pnibe
dewieth, selnldcomendent4:yt speal,e
cumekesewhigh
mile
pew
meameneet.giththehynsof;
Hemel
tirly-he was willing to submit to the pleasure of tbe hone en any ";;;;Zigss7owomrosro that "" he ha.
ohm; moos afar......_et
aim. stringers , co apptplis he isist, gab the town of inane Fleas"
ration. Shirts
!r. BUXTON BeUbiXeeTtionoNiesaidpitpoperhane pelmthene;;Chancellorce
of
modonof theforifipelnernameuer wmoue:y.d
stilwpmehheiletehliPrthomtkolYbiduraggPtitalsolyatedherthehoduemtatirrisalagrosehewodedoliemaam7whodbmwermaiddisFnmssaisinscsegdpied hill larigekodwurdmissoket=fttateddiansad.Oilarldprousar.the
pestMeldnimyerifichmr::rdimaerteepoorodis, OhltsomMout
rhorof
wbichrhovo-
arin4fireteandendi
as
-asoursist°l7lll- d shademairdaherniellathwed.:Gaterillakthatotherinssog. arldegh4ilesodatemanceirmanshiPorhom
si:f
Mad i
Hats
ores, given for the 'Sc of March, to allow blot to bring in the abo.
_,___ ,_ ,m ___a.___.2 dem toile ewer the _..........a_ munew _- - . tweed; gag „Rend ; gd combined registered as(ccording tisk es oe Shoes
aof slavery act, which mood for that day. (Cris of no, no.) r_ro'resumormitrwm"'"'""mmorpl =mom. of is shooredt; ilmirko tom 2:lB=sZerfoTrodimareed foe wrogidsetty ;53 had managment) sod ag may I.
Wrila 41.1"Mileibisetkg.
MOM, ►tO be primer
; ma
isi
rembed
so
rho tomb. Yr. agreed then commented to such only, shall relief be given : and that esehra-sWell net appeat Remo
ord ALT HOR P said the question was veiny so important that he "1"
The glove made' bad rip - -mi Min it the Imo lemeiski, sinßottom
Id not consent to postpone It. With respect to the alkali nide be eisM pot me hew the ben. cm the sewed." raged moo they bud baud, stating that mete to kfoOPet obiecte, shall be taken before a moilitalato he elder to be 801
• BARILLA ACTS.ilbe C
lie order of the day for the house going into a Committee on the nduketeetteammeet. fmereutstgagedhatisolle mild be deeirnedeefo the import, it' toThethstelatar.osepala'at tale
esseeeseametwoolible of these wtbelsoleusdiudsombeems
sedwhobeeehad
disehariedbeen offidattedred.sincie;
"DtilettlnafestaUs sir: iduistequalluathetilavyagrealpouttactheta't. coestuntra eatleallessieut,thwe is another thattax which ...........
illa Acts being lead, present had a smell of sulphas. hoped the lime would anew in was Ms Armee attribute this exerestiney mem to tbe Fiat
......,..thigty Flange
Ir. BANKES said, the conduct of ministers respecting them acts the Motion. as respect. the coal owner.-1 mean that adieus impost Flame
in y name
violated a great constitutional principle. He charged them Mr. M. W. RIDLEY asked whether the duty at Norway kelp would dwereonthedo‘usedallialcily genbutleinenoight
deugethrintel esiesendiseder thrsealthed,7somorwe":::
viva
ien bus the ofthenthekßwtsisseandaiousmood obilling-ab
its
moan 130-41•111;nos:pwsineg-
;. Mins
t a breach of their duty by making an alteration in me diode. be reduced. ass
tide on Bailie while parliament was sitting. The manner in Mr. P. Ttig wMN said that if the hon. member brought forward do„ of riming sad swum argeong, gassed thelegh this Citir per surely, foe an illegitimate son. AR other taus are Nees
eh the privilege of parliament bad been intrenched on was what s motion on the subject, and.showed that the reduction was not injud. OM
:o
of of. There might be many cases when rellement ors to any interest, lie should support it. Defiance coach, on their way to the bulks at Demeneet. Wm. Wiled. oftitnthsreeurnreeth;,Publicswissiat 11174; inesmoehßar this isms "ho eirpoodadrathe opal
the
not sitting in which it might be right for the Executive Go- Aid. WAITHMAN merely rose to express his dissent Min the pro. seasodtencedsoko cuterattha inter
oedEFlFhaaTor theBemilamesmo Sessions be
era: gersirtritarnest competition of untaxed coal in the inunediate nolgabouthoed from
Re. ea
man to interfere in the manner which was done in this in- ridden of the noble iced, that the increase of the silk manufacture was ' T retwoood to tie ceggster, hulk Dm,- charging this tax upes the
grates
at all. It amenota, therefore, to
partake, were en oesday Heel
ce ; but to do so while parliament was sitting appeared as if it owing to foe trade, just eo nnich dedusied holm his eint robe Hood
e done purely for the purpose of not acting in the regular way. Mr;SADLER xe ained. He was averse to free trade only in the rat' • rain to Pediment, praying he as oldie* commutation of -
Bear. hear.) &Kindel state in whit=asdand was at present placed. CHELMSFORD CHRONICLE. Tidies, has km deadaled le the heeded el Prim, Moss kkm been Me se
Ir. P. THOMPSON said he was pretty wiling to admit that the Mr. MABIRLEY The member for Newark had said The plan of making allotments to the pea has been mien foot at sigma by humid. of !-mess. The Mame Mate that, Mir be maw
autive Government had not the power of abating duties without the much against free trade, but be changed him to bring forward a ape- Paitothato, Suffolk, soda the directian and aid of Lord Celborpe, the poem system, tithes omen as a heavy cis a aphiffined allhal and
tent of Parliament; but when the Honourable Gentleman said it aerosol= ow the abject; be was confident be should offer an maple Rev. C. Jones, aid-other gentlemen; lie acres have been made avails- try ; that they are thank'. a bee to egdaffised leyeeemoott. M
done to avoid the knowledge of that House, the Honourable GOO- lamed= to in his arguments. Me for tbe puse. It is to be let to industrious labourers in quanti- sad banes the Maki 'caries and disoblige of the klisitspep. -4
ton's opinion appeared most extraordinary. His Noble Riad Ilk Fe ILNATCHMILL said a few wards. ties not esmed an aere, at a rent equal to that of the foams ta the pa- Iroise, by ilminkblosmplersost, whit by the diorite /hay men plow
and Atthorp) when the lament was grit mentioned, hod freely •lid- Albano THOMPSON said that the information he hod received risk. The hiring will be from yeas to year, the rent to be paid between diermes rad disk pookidesen, Mtn gairitmast
led that the course pursue& was one which should not be resorted to wee endear at variance with the statement of the Member for Newark, twig, the bet quartet in advance, sad tithe .sad rate. when : the interests ef affirm, sod that, when Mai in tied hem IP= the PS
Drdioary occasioa s. He would now state the extraordinaza. ciratin-_,. tbat ... gonads. would drive 40,000 individuals out of employ. the tenant is not to assign or undalet ;we to grow pomadwithout timed ammo, din die le folly equal to onsahni et the -set. Our is the 1
ices under which that conduct had takes Place.___„_intln 2",,,___01l 11,61 One tbe tidy on Wilk bad been reduced to 61. the kelp had manuring, nor to have the name sop on mote than MY the at ate Padatew sonaposient hffiems us that. what he sew the paid* en the a
,r maul= to office, strong representations were I°°°° to the "°°i° namt ben in tompedden whh the barilla in the London and Bristol time ; and he is subject to be depdved of his allotment in case et breach Tumidly, dim ware quids of seven bandied dredarea diked to ft.
7rade by persons in the Beni trade of the injury they sustained madme. of covenant or misbehaviour. * We Ism that it is intemied to get up a d podia is every hen. ...-
a the delay of a reduction of duty which had been distinctly pro. Mr. ATTWOOD observed, in answer ho Lord Abborp, that the o
in.V411102 OT TES Coax 1/1411.110 peddons were, a short time (bed in the county.
ed. The facts were ascertained which made the reduction necessary, increase', the silk trade was not owing to free trade, but to a reduction Mace, matted from the miikm end mums bakers „admit in and nem theautes Ononsmates.-On Friday semi ght the BIM Ora-
be T I
be deeply lamented that be had not come down to Parliament fora in the duty on the raw maid. It appeared to him that the Viet- the in' etropoP liN *view the millers they may enjoy the same prkgeges
don, ham mute=
of c thhs raw. days. About yes voyage frees
twos= aa te die
tiution on:which to found that reduction ; but there were so many peso.. addle Board of Trade had brought forward no solid argument be be shods"Taadess in the blends of Guetneey, Jaerfure.
:edents for a reduction of duty, even during the sitting of Palls- in peet of his resolutions. The mode of introduction of those re- I;iiii-tWiagi of min, foreign con, it appeals, may be im
Wm oe left A -Inandr two (Ostneestens dersene) their es. TO
it, made by a Treasury order, that he did not hesitate to neon tosoons was degredirog to that House, reducing its functions to ors- ditty. tar. Carets, either oe the rent Member for Senn, armed Pomace alongside the velmelopses motendy nom gas her dubs hie 11111011
mode of granting immediate reit The duty on Bali, on coffee, ming the acts of the Minister of the day. these practices in the Isle at Man. homeward voyage. and ['Brod kw Imo this spou After she came to Audit
Pepper, had all been reduced by a Treasury seder, during the sitting Lord ALTHORPE said a few words which did not reach the At a epeeist taming of the Chebitsford Geo Compsay held on Mon- OD wave in Cotwaror, disk vAlsionnt alTemed to have increased ; Lei
Parliament. before bills were bouglit in for that purpose. On the puny.
It of November only two days before the dissolution of the late Mi.day Int, a dividend of 4 per mot. was declared. It was agreed to ex- holt! mow_ 1 Pod to thecaseteredvonel . _
Lord J. RUSSEL, la answer to the Member foe Bensughbridge, send the limps in Duk,stmet to the Red Cow, the better to guide the twee oleos have ben to bring corn inn Spain, some Boob
try, he found a minute signed G. R. Dawson, directing a letter to be said that when the pa* laboured under so many tam, it was we.
__ram
when
entering
the
town from
the pommel,
rood. app rehenition heresies to be asterisked that a scarcity of corn would
'ten to to the Commissioners of Customs, stating that the lards tithe ?that government show be snowed some latitude. The him. SW beexperiseced bane the next harvest. NEI
TRONA/ GARDINER BRANITON, Eact.-.lt is with the ineet
usury had agreed to allow a return of the duty on Bailie. He did member had spoken of (the privileges of the house and of the pee- ca.,. , „
of that we nee the km to octet, o this THE WESTERN TIMES, JAN. 29. Just i
go the length of this-all he said was, you shdl pay less duty on *; but it eta no km important for the: people the minium, ruaresteeungs
gewrept
w.
.annon
.... _
____._
A few days dote, the namable Lord Rolle was made, by sass M Bla
villa than is at present chargeable by law; ins you shall.. gtven band „stow mum „militated the dignity and authority at the no. Y
pay the remainder if Parliament shall not consent to the reatteuene- mirchy...4Ram) in conearence, it istieusaalsupposeilla, of the tarsitsialird YassirgdaY usameget,eft dhiPssed Peinswil.th• sill_ de Da" OrriooB bag& of the km Nu Gn
is was the full amount of the era of which he had been guiltY. lo ?dr. nRRIES said he should certainly sunort this Mann iif having been found dad in his water closet. The friends of Mr. Bum does was ma it Yr. &eft eta', his 1141theinhood. That on a
M;
anxiety to make the relief intended by Parliament's& speedY m Pm' in fact onmeted from the late government, thono it somewhat dlthred lion had lately Mattered_ themselves_ that be was Lest_; ream:insure
hialseutrentby elm
hi; Vo.Wllhtmr‘
thrommitthere mmilidomommbit farm houses NW
duldovnicaboureforicks °lwamoto
le.--(Hear, hear.) in the Menu It vase most proper measure, but with free trade it hod Muss which he b supposed to have bough
Air. G. R. DAWSON said, he thought too much had been said on „thing so do. scelleteeattendance to his duties in the House of Commons, diring the pe. amelnftle 6 eibil amen In fact, that the mighboarbood of Bk•
tot wadi be gabfest Minn law. be ca
mode of granting relief, which had been poetised by the Right Mr. MIME was astonished to Mr what had thate theeneseurgedfree
;fade. He clog be
areremelseinedeez
to have
hathveereeecedrestadievesneaceof this count .
dead;
of
the ammedur
Edeaddedomm.....niantas ‘,.
wisurreme,ne
pa. A
'mutable gentleman t no man in the country could eaPree that he maintained that this was a memo of free trade. whirl
' Rev. H Powell, Rector of Fast Herndon, in thie county. This kola af dies lisetais see, we believe, peaty mach alike, bat the
I acted from improper motives. (Hear, hest From his ex To gab dillan midis. free d duty, that the counterzight want. At
worth
ebseseter so eenereth, respect,' by his and by imam milk Millie& herr dinky of the " spirit" in the pedant•
which
see
of
such
mutt"'
he
*Aid
Silt du"
Thalia"
did
um
te die mt.* et the silk tee* te which ablate° bele made' le the Yin ' lay fa his numerous acts of libendity benevol- Mg elide One al the " bidders hide of this said
ssionelly acacia such a power, great innevenisoce would arise- was moot answer, as far as it went, in favour of the prin. Paw partial acorn
and expired, in a Held belonging to Indy kasha* made • Asko en the siege el todnuilem la tbis
rear, beer, hear-) (The Might _great
Welkin" "Plilmd ciples of fres was the'only measure for which he was disposed ,an*, m Tuesdayut' drePral Iran - mom, sagas w goons that dad, eggenennagangd be him._ GC
Treasury minute,, signed by him for the return of the duty OD to give the late • t credit, and now the boo. member appeared wie_inighblor. GEO
sills.] ord, Jan. 28. wheat, 76 led ; Barley, 45. lid; Oats, mad im , his specks of .1 easessins race" =newt
to lie afraid if peledres be had tactically adopted. He eta afraid 28:",..... 3gs gd._ceichester, Jen. 20. wheat, nee ed I Bagley, .the mombere of ink " Met," have piously append with " might sad
Mr. SPRING RICE said, he could see nothing with regard to the that tho.knagniabooma. Kamm) bid inlay got
into b‘a company.
45, ,4d,;
Oats,
2ds
7d ;
Deus. ids
dd.....namfoid,
Jan.
IS.
what,
mow Pri
Oa liesdey mesh. int, the Ream havhig heard that a
cation to be regretted on the pert of the Government. He ac. (R„h kaghtem)and u
Peal of Wedowee. purposed siring up_their mines at the "d welling _
deaedietigedi; but thistha hada° able:Watt° instant'. icielshiehattalt mantas be see tit Mr. HUNT aide that be should certainly rote far thielllolloll. AB MI ell g Barley 44. id • Oats, no 9d; Beans, Ms 9d.
MARRIED.--, At Not' wich, V& C. Plummer, of. Great Tonmemb, hawse of s brelther. situate st Derby IWase, repaired thither a little
rein
within exception ; and when any allowance had been made, far as he understood it, he camidered that the proposition of the minis. to Mn, env Daughter of rho biro Gone Bence, se* sank ey.s.r. feedevochwerhydiso=
do leaves,"
inumetheszt.abehliLentsgarreSse4
Government had secured, under bond, from the parties DO relieved- ten deserved their support. With respect to what had bean the At Woadhed, Lieut.-Colonel Thornton, Grenadier maim le
Wes-
t the duty should be forthcoming, should Parliament pee fitting to _At si titr hale spirited Misr, by die abrupt sprosence dam enraged
subject of *much moment, the Tommy warrant. issued on this seem' dellihese of Brice Pears°, RR' °I. Mankhain• • lepassorarynnimintike deader ter in me me seed tame, sad •ma i
shin the duty on Barilla.TeniMad, W. Pout Piing, Req. of Swaffbano, to Ilkittlia,
subject, be thought that it ought not to have called forth fir- "mime of the isle hams Hudson. Req.__As Rt. p mum. 000110111111.* paiseisd t• woos a 0 bail war" with !eddy weapons rt rri
The House then resolved Itself into a Committee on the lia-
a Act. Cher remark after the handsome moaner', which the honourable nireZ-Joesph undemod. DR. oe Lando, to Emily, tow mum =bleb aid Midi mos lembeted by the foreibie ejection of the
the C
lit. C. P. THOMPSON rose to move resolutions [Thee„ e wsil so member (Mr. P. Thompson) had coon forward and explained 1110110, Esq. of Norwieb.-At Goat -Titudow, Robert aulkin, Esq.
It k a mattes of cassideroble 'Tali:idea to es to Ind that ter sub&
telt confusion in the House, it was burnable he costa be emu; the proceeding. mem, hem.) Re 'hood the opposition, hump, of Bookoto Bahrein", eldest teeddau6 Samuel ham, 112.
western
odobeers, he freeman
of comma. have
mowed
en
the Astb
t repeated cries of " Order," and " er at the 13er," front the DI At Nomads, Beniamb Units Esq. ate the
mher had much le„ than ordmmy enemy. for a long time. The caning from those who had been guilty of similar errors. (Cites wenn for DIED.-At
county„whikt ht his 'Lair, thew Akteo,mat, public arena, and avowed that eves is that Gomorra of corruption, Hoot
111. Gentleman represented the traded Bunk to be of great Impor- of oNo !") Well, he bad so :undastood. Some allusion had oe mono', guirom-bie. &mod Imo, agaves_ so her • somber dimmest awe Mold be found advocates Of the covet
me, both to the shipping and the manufacturing interests. His been made to attacks on the Ministers connected with this sub. At Peckham, Edward Update Brockway, Gent. of the society greet rodeo of the day, Parliamentary Reform. and 1
Wekave es meson the death of Abney Seale, at hi seat, Oak- propi
e would go to reduce the duty on &dila to 21. per ton, which ~ me was one of these who. en haring that the duty on Rs. of Friends, and many yeas a resident of Colchester.
to 24 per cent. of its value. At a time when the article was 71. r""' CHELTENHAM CHRONICLE, Frll3. 3. lands, am Obabonspeen. on Wedanday owning, hornss
west, pat%
81. per too, it was used, because it maid not fa particu/ar pia- stile wile to be reduced, hod Poe to warehouses to ascertain when toy allsedes Midi ran Ite coarse with a rapidity balk. all medical kept
so be superseded by the homemade alkali from kdp. Kelp con- the public would benefit tram reductions in the pries of soap, __d.altre.. ..._,Al4l*-Visceartra,„„, ,_,__Dallrhaeast. „_,.Birm_Charies, ,Thatcs,sogD3L's.eenino.ft msktiliMstfrioma hoo mrsoroThe roneaPectedo
gloom overdsatrteafwholothis alledialleomdtmoorhood.ama and good a celeb
darn
Inevi only 4 per cent. but /Milk contained 26 per cent. of alkali; cow mum Ar_ but ending that, instead of tows being any Amt.° ° eart="ruk=rald 1418. gis;;;Tit7W`
wassitent years of age. and has left a widow sad a (sadly their
Plena,* n° Ptirtecting thltf cmlidernererent entirelf its intPtetatiell' fell, or pect of fall in the prices, they were rising, be, not units. ales,
eillioako oermittirs Ur& National &bed have aipiiied their le- or mato
be boa. men attributed the amount of exportation Biome Pas
fides of manufacture from this country to the high duty that bad bees molly, felt astookbed at ash infatuation, and bed considered height melon to Uhl a sale of hmey work for the limit of the institutioes Is A- essiesighisee dads Mee parses " That, that a commutation
wined on hull* which famed an iVr alent In their manufacture. to call public attention to what he was given to understand was the the aaffeathowall IllaMarges ..„Itak. 'to hewer
of
seam
_, of trig Amid take place; Wog a just ag 6fr measure of payment, Sh
f this one party concerned seemed parectly conscious, for all the pe- emss of web rise. in all the wow that he amid give, he should en. hem
_s____, I._yumudo of shy
of
omor
reepormdam =rho ..hes aid distbondistely every owner of Mould be 'Bowed, or mhme mel
dons flOlll tbe proprietors of kelp in Scotland, did not complain of the „______ _
______,_
_,._,,.._ „._ _ _.. ____ _._._._.__s - -.. .%%"*.mp7 _._ .. !Ur_ . _ .._ __ . . . .
isle al a
.falvehtsholtrahnthatrweitth remind%
dourffesa tw ,• I
ea
ity:being reduced, but they said, that to do them soy service, the °°ITIMX to "'WTI"' ."2"1... 4". mammal Paulmma w°ll smusrmibe.l° in le
on pa:lisymmoisesprooloadtocZsomenellhermelotoMmolir ranalla slems•ato ebedeenevbee
beewese
lb
and
90
an
purchase
weld
be c.
Rey on Willa must be raised. But even that could not roods them basalt the catoursers. (War.) Hare the consumers were to be on
per day. Mid* not sow, to enter into mete Leaf!, and I consider it al les; • h
IY
relief,
for
"wain
to
the
lately
introduced
method
4 producing tteitted' aatt he stay regretted that the benefit an not to be atin The whale of the ma andeed at our ha &Mona of machine • sow, than an ether or „No %out
Judi it would be necessary alto to rise the duty on sale, saltpetee, 1 Pert my •Pi
roam ; he wished the dill hod been alto/Aber tato nil (dienre) breaking, and asorsteed to have been motowed hem en! -la ile think can object to this redemption ; as an beseer-
r4 en/Pheri frClin WhiCh akall la 2°ll. Mae. Th. bC42."be".11. The other reeoludona, which for the malaise of the trade, was county gaol to the hulks at
pried with inning
_a resoludoe, that the duty for which the hoods had whence they wig he oleo yeti me mist sink slit Ida impiety is an gni/imam one, draw.
sea obtained Medd be discharged, and that the duty on Wilk be re- Weld tot end &Port Gaoled bp be awaited en Warsaw/. aired to their ultimate diednaden. lig
_blot limo frogient sides - with his neighbours, and with be
mid toil; per ton, the repeal to take place after the lfith of May, and rillastCs. thoucievita, Jas. SR-Wheat, 78 10d to son Id ; Batley, is dd iidil malty anima he a fair recompines I would ad*, that
M dada. to be indemnified in the mean time. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER pee notice that on to le 9d; Bens, Is 5d to ire tid ; Oats, is to Se 10d; Fine Flour, pee It be siva him se it elz on the -landlord, and be payable by Mad oar
Sir G. CLARKE said that if the duty was repealed it would Friday next he should bring forward the views of the government we sack, 54. to 4451 &ma% as to tode t Algae Price of Bind, 101' Melte MOW died • intinlmr of Poses with weds 11100.1 limil rev
edm Cause of throwleg out of employment about 30,000 ere 40 MO th•Thowthrrototerineenie. per queues loaf. This ansagenent hearses landlord and legit estW bit be
moos in the western highlands of Scotland, who bad no other -General Bill was rad a entand time. AIARRIED.-At Urban, W. Jones, St. Asaph, to Ann, and the lend would in a shirt Rpm of Mg, Mom Me•
beans of earning their living. lie could not think the duty on be. coax LAM. daughter of the lam Warm Marko of the tax, led itninaliatily tellevid of the oppyiyave meal
Ila could prevent the exportation of soap from this country, as the Mr. HUNT resented a petition font St. John's, Clorkastrall, DIED.-In this town, Captain J. inhaled, Of Henries'', county of levy." el
✓eredos of it used was not more than five per cent. in the con. for the repeal of the Corn 'AWL He conetand in the prayer of of Math, Insiend• Dr. Barham having flubbed the three lectures he had the kindnesses
Mien. The reduction of ilia duty had already excluded kap the petities ; he was quite sure that fee the pose there was ise GUERNSEY STAR. give at the Mechanics' istitut4 ire lia4e to congratulate its numbers
rem the London market, and be hoped that the house would pause be- benefit till tits 011111 Laws Mehl be geposied. He maid avail him- The States of this Wag are es the point of betng convened. We co died, 2Miles. . . ally .hewelecived from thilll- We* Were interested g
we that they adopted a measure which would drive so may persons self of this opportunity to sate that hit Amid Mai* =gibe- unaudited the Meeting will, in ail FolitY, be held about the odd- by a to admare rolotallY, the ilf.asballee :I,lllsebjer
oto distress. ward his mothu for the oral et the Cern Laws, bat notA -
to ilk of next week. Uwe are rightly informed. the Harbour, Elisabeth Mal being found in Devon. , . neiglth of__ eta, - it
Mr. MABERLY said the last member had taken a very annoy throw any
_Losedrent in the way of the Gomment's mien Me College, and a Housed Correction, will form the prominent subjected terra obittle. tl! 6.. .IgegliTinlY.o6e.in +l3ldy MiOminy, •sreac, log, coal
kw et the 11140111 whereas the right bon. Vice-Padden of die Board peeling Edam, he should withdraw his soda 'Ultimo meths wood*. debate. might I* found. -Rano i secs" in IttiNty spots, as for in.
Our modem will no doubt be gwAiled to leath that anothoropsoottodo race., about Chudleigh, 'and the red madmen& flaw don rests upen
if TIM had an extended view of it. Would the bon. member have the posed ott
ease to adept any measure for the support of 30,000 or 40,000 High- Mr. HUNT then romsied la peddles inn Asimesmedasuisne, ominterma of me, William Collins, Ras. jurat of the it Court,
boast. Titre
actual nanet, sofa, be a ultra
toil we
ex ratcooLere
wantil e
"Mae st the expense of the country at large. The bon. Vice-Preei- against the ;suck geom.& gym. of such itemirdm tenliway 7by a desire to promote the interests of Elisabeth College, has mocummovay of COWI
leaden
11118 to leave a duty of 25 pa cent. on the article of to the pose ambano, that be dieshi de his mom so ism it. a pow ot gin Gutoth, per swum. fa, mar, to be aoudad same of the leading features of the hod --,m, via. the 'Moe-steam i
Mlle, was
certainly sufficient. bir.-Huskisson had said, that But if the remedy prop ad by aMB es this subject were goal In prin to the but Greek Molar who shall not be Ore formate yens of ago. whence we may reason that the &tote discovery of any considerable I
be inademea ought always to be 30 per ant. of duty on an article.- dple, why was it sot Molded to other ages, as well as doses in the AR we have. since the pm been mon pre, aid new „kelt, uthnt ct fields in this port of the country Is by no mesas. prohahh-ot ,
The bon. rat. madosed the faa of the French having, during the iron mandastedets_ _
_admit-Petition Metal lobe ringed•ldecturer took occasion td notice the alscovery of ancient DODOS ~ i
ear, boos eimpolled to meamision alkali from salt and sulphur, and Mr. P. THOMPllON_posiontedi a podgier' from leihstotte, fee eakenoio_the elelealesesahthefteh hatinewinare,*tteatbetha " sake ot all legal traoe,reeliglielk „din fact.to T;zious animals, width was made in diggkit the atones for
the Beg
gat-
bet that method bad boos head nest advantageous. The question, Parliameatery Redeem. Me then possented several rpm tapes ta-i-”-----4,othodos a that tr.!e in g mons hoot tam hawasalig Irate?, at dm Oreetes eleserhs near Plitneeth. The 10WODO lit which
be eieehler ley Wien 'the sew and the old manufacturers delimit ; the avenge pekes of earn, duo.--Osiseml to be pdatei.2
end he did sot lee the cesof madding this country from the be- Lad HOWICK gave astice, lost em YOU, be Mold move he groat itirdwiell".l.ll.o boo Mond oimiscallesiesalens &meg' lee
-grelmilicelmets "di be a tiirta weemn: far lebortailvainghdatmaelmalewhiffi, bud chasms
a-matehee Mr' filled
.rbe
snag declaim, whes "add avail themselves of them. The leave to bring in a bill relative to the amment af the Cloaks. maths, and ale diatom, Twit Hililkh ominitheturalla.
Pee- Cnet,ting shelves of the rodts, were found bones of *mu, Tigers. S
ten. member read • knee a poison conversant on the subject, who Lord EBRINGTON_Iimemad gemdden Rom Chasm, Waterford, and char grede__the „thongs o them fee took*. ea Wotves, Team, and the ithitroceme, also, the Hone, the Ox and in
raged that alkali maid be made chum on the principles at home, than against the rent to the .entin sooty. is her ter Weak& Iseds--the dodo eg , 7d=l. en- gee the Deer. In this situation the Metes erne net greatly pawed or .
from the foreign bails: and he esseselled that the 21. per ton of duty Me. BLUNT gave notice, -bet se the Ma he shoddiness for a Bill somas doyen to ago. mnk, ee pima& This eta a givit mein broken OD is OMB othent for *came in the' celebrated ea* dr lthkdale e
was a snidest monies to the arab manufacturer. rearming the Double Land Tax. of vinegar m hew, grow sod mold 14p ia awe the ',habitants in Yorkshire, which appears di bite
Wadi
am Ilysita's is, but were m
Mr. SADLER, delismated the sineure as we that was pernicious. Mx. &RICE moved for a min of Hems Accounts-of the Income to live at woe on the emits ei their hooey, pretty oaths, attd me oppose" 10 WM sot lose that situation in con- II
He understood it to be inadod at the principled tessake, that th- and'
-of itsbessin Hills Mennding-of the balances in sequetm be of the Moab Mies it Inn above at • time when these a
benefit should be takes foam toe retina and mama le media par- the Bats awed, Ma-Ordered. lie that TYNE MERCURY. deepfissures comumenited by etre 'moue% with the surface of the .
dog of society ; but he hoped the beim would titbits( the hardship of presented BeelentieraligrAtmeste.-Ordered to be pointed. It is, we Igrojerd to establish Wet Docks at Sittt round. A beewerey of a etwilir inure -was still mote remedy made
congaing so many as 10,000 or 401•110 peens to vein ; small as the Loosen areas ow coots.' We hope the be, to rest :it is one ot in a onagiabierhes bid Helie, nit ir ore%
pittance might be that they derived from the Mules of itali it would Yr. Aid. TitempgoN memo' a *ides es the repent of he
.s_impoetancemn.his....tedly'atet=oter die trade and cetwaryiesse of The Iseetsarilse piing doe atendin of his bearer. to some remark- 1 i
be their ruin, ss it was that they hod to dePeniltrn. What bed 111' duty on Coals ; and he to
that his Mal Midi farm pat of the "" ir. - - peeper whine. doubt, the shipping able thinelesees rei wind. OM the green seed stone foam.
be augatemai, the igendlid scants Mt have scadmilly , tioa. 'lt Nile Wad 'ieneetligt *OM the earth* met of Hal.
reedy taken Pi"a regarding this
ques"le ks
Gold
mats'
fr°lll
°main
vaca,,,,fiunda "lid' which, be inilted• Irag iintibip"tea b, di. =nod from the crowded Natio the ships is the river would be
don, tithe Madam ilk ' and, to am, at all these ii-tbe !sir-
information, had so changed, the ebendlilinin of landlords who had roof the Exchatess vented, ad the pager from one side of it to the other would he me heetheal et Iliduseeth, Realign, Welling's', An which see OM. •
once derived revenue from he* dint they bad been constrained le Mr. HUNT said, that. as a cline of Leades he meet mildly
freight vessels to convey providess se Mir nekere, se therms* have „maimed in *smithy deb mums ; sod ho tonwsd shot the Awed parody dear Sad easy. The establithment of Wet Dogs webid gain lei" by their week agree, doe lani iced aftnntitg, and the
starved ; instead of bavinteinesehredi as redo in 11161111111. - would form twit it dba Obias a the a.,..; hot;1. ratan end to say such eateance, sad we do hope the steam will be &bruin's's awe, et legit, Weber dedtv l'be intana a/Whited
Political economy bad too km allowed to .thele amionk and ate would be yea me es, *New bee the the eli-t-ed dame of sornestlY take !Pm SOnderlsad- a mud* tif the esest frau ?whey test Ee,yry latch was shone the
die consequincea was, that the kid wasenese of ddvadss, est- thk sod tbs. assts eaeif eeks ea... NMICIIII2I.O 1410 PPM Smaxps itatuvog.-We are lam to lied manner ',which misllmen. , „Imod-st 'MI Iderehel bib Medni he
tars haA beams desolate, and inn Mewed Mimes ami dielosse. limbos& snrgaeriallaZthe be rum rkere the topiTh."P-ot dm this undatakims le meter:
be in some dere. common- d'"-- md sientothoe . lia Inarlise, liz
.___llfii ' 'lt is sehene... oda.. nicely on
err side. it is the fonnation vettft, is almost always flood below the
114°32aztesoon be ht
wealaYillt° ata that ifala bY kiegdem Willi•Viloblaitib, Tattlezil their. seem"
du4IIIIAIPSI gil mlsar ad dot he had in ease
nth. pwolstiti it:ldtr stisutelbat .a
change icnatithehemutle of tnvefnncegtgeelloreetsa e.
lt-sind die DADDIODI_Iew espy 01,4 isi, its Miss
peening which fell from the late thetemeaddialhist soma unto, thee a hiaa
bill was about to be in to reduce many dd. a. image and North 31616. which will weal, we t• p free OW a_rfaillk ntrb...tob.A. . . . tralvAiregaa*Os tattratratal°'
unpopularity, had arisen entirely out of her evidantedeptisaise-emb mom owns the teak et eade I. • also town to the ether ia twisty Moms he Mmes, instead of Wog an wu once ollne ti. 1 lam , away,
ea ehia measure Hear, bear.) The L.,,=.. Molter knew that The reides, which was tam &Minims Wok was read and Moo- hear aed a quarter or halt on the, ay, and heing . *arta Wpm% thetactsrbde Maw et Its The peel Am'
k woOd be
.for beads of the ca aid riles, who would to he prink& p6eo,-must lie (If Inlmeme adMittalle to the =ftMlittl. lilt ob. dem le melee elle!ebeeh es ere tiee esty moo that ire heheideel
• ..1- tbonsatvoi* experiments swa wild sets. The plea that 111ILAND. • deasty bagels! as this mast he' to the Inhabitants' heap it zuweuth hs„itio!,,_,litai_MOgire___,Ynt• illeklja,_ , .._..__ll! 1 TOBY of flecilMaa or
be WOO Plille uPtee the been we/ so flee fair =Ps to English in- Mr. O'GORII AN NAB ON, having 'presented a petition flan sod Meth scene mid to travels,, SimetraiY, the mideLt=lP "mil" .amMit,!."P am' : V 1 Mtn Mial -•
dub,OftfkitM7 NM" OM •Peam,.___M " Illiftellarani_____.„ 11,_Waln arty Doely, Galway. mopeds( the Galway fareldee, gave notice doe wrrs• arafeke.. • viri ghsitsi,_ comma _
__ Jo Mose who.
_,._ l' 1
to WS ail ffillimbilewe MM. .digs messes •• 'mom set ban mils' taw (this My)h' -shank molar copies of the proclamations boom la, ._lt• mr•it=lll " Lfweirl'irn6.. .,ltureg '111041112(4"7 '• . , •
• "-'.....' ':
-1660 tairetiargt
Sul his Ada., 0 beiro gist dollii "APPIAN then menthe Mate" The bend by the Lad Liommet of lolaed sada the Act use Rein mum=
_....._ . - Iwite N 4 j°'+ weseloss, _ ___, ~,..1. . - - . ..11..; ' i al•
ppooer ,p.oirelest sbe Peeeletedo memlfresPert7t DI ii wow se mks. Merl assemblies; sad fora a copy of Ills Stanley's Lam to t. Mr meek mglitetae am IS° yule east lin 1111°.W°1161°°/1.4 '••• . .... •••••.••• ** • • ** " , •40.44.
Lk -03 ABM,' 010.2811f4 of the 5. p_ _ isle_ _
__.
__. gistratta. * wird= of "Pelee. will be SO POOL nth ii• WIWI, ',411 St AS . .. ~ .. ~
84t IL Yi•RlPtelkX bald Km IMO teem= ee emus" that eta Ms 8. 111011whind is lneriell to-begzepond fora few dam that *IOW esse. egg ebeegb it ie wlth ffilideam etestmaine es onioni Long, i '- • •• '1
''• ' ' ' 1 IP A. I" *
to mom. on ilistmiaseinurs, _At panne bailie was made fers. the ear hoot me. stanteg) tkr must. Miff" of *Moo aith ,Mm ere a ashreetionittith he hiemper ~'rC . ( 1, it- • •
mit, Nowak ind selphaele add. Beni. be eaddered, wee am me, 00 ti *AMON regAisil, tiros *4 did not moo to sea* set le scans mg int" le4Z2 "Sot vie Imam elm Thigh - "Meat .. 4 ) ''). s ' 'Xi - - ' . ''
" ' ''
4f
inuchrid wriMMAßSeadoitlnit•ths ether NW* data* slag wow ids complaint! persom4tt as ommesodery lee Wm to wait, and sods lee Are sonedve than ;Id ens antelo-it lie dor fee t I_,' , c:„.31 • s ~,i,, '
sab. :ill
Loa I.*. f
made were intagared km skes air stabs, littl no intaegtourad at was the hyt Off Iteceir bld; that be maid bet amen to Ices 'Ms waits. Iles -Wig 116. NOM at 111•40•!. It bt eked,' 184 - ~in.i . ..; .a• .4 . ~--)
bone. Wig few am ittsbasei M'hmillis, At ..01111 bekietleel $1
_e` hoer icheieglegthe whine Ulm*. Hew.
._ At 111111111.1.1161,11 Melee ier WI Maeda .. 11+ ... ;....,, ii iiii ', fr P • *l4. • •
lergrametErclfialiTill•kt• irk Aberillikajaitlee of 1_7., X!. NIX minwed.hismeitee .lea Shish la. rsepeatieg , of artirolds WOMIIIIIF Mt. let lite „ .
Doan floenlo4l.l"tet..,„lllmult...ler c°B 011,MorMeliesimi tiFt ithArtrilitimpeihoed of pepsin. At a MOM. of des lidishinese or Me tows toady -0; •
or ' 1 :•121A - ..W ' °:a ..
4 74/11fik,_..e=
ilittillurho gull idt odismemso mew wisest' - horns to the benefit led idle Naiades' of toe working. chases. i '-' '
impost-Tyne, for the of fetenies
_a Soday he the 111 or to the .4rtbe r 4 will . ferwt"'44l
to this tole of this elestry. He would repose tint at Rook the duty The Ram th„ „Jimmied et ten o'clock.
Ma el vagrants aod ty...aal Reed, in. Yam the in She Celessieet cod et! Pa!" elf lints itc•
