• CAMBRIDGE INSTALLATION.

Saturday, June 19.
This justly celebrated seat of learning, readerel
eminent by the many distinguished characters it bas
reared, was perhaps on no former occasion witness to a
scene of splendour and magnificence such as was t!..is.
day displayed in honour of its illustrious Chancellor.
whose public virtues and private wtztli have reuclored
him an object of universal respect an.. 4. vcner.i6(,n.--
Never were the taste and munificence' f the !leads 0..
the University more happily evinceo, nor ever s.-e.'•.•
those sacred shades attended by an assemblage of i.•
dividuals whose hearts seemed more completely 1.
unison in a cordial sentiment of reverence and de-
light. An almost incalculable number cf persons of
the first respectability have arrived with their fami-
lies, and are dispersed in lodgings whic:i have been
procured at an immense expense in various parts o`
the town. Amongst those are Noblemen Of ,b. c. t:
distinction, and the most celebrated TN: . roes, orators,

can praduce, at-
tractedan anxiety to thew tinn:
and Statesmen, which the cr-•,.crY
hither as wel) bY
dividual respmft to his ltoyal Highness as tc, do 1.....,-
nour eo die relation of their beloved Severeig-r.
The ceremony of Installation v:as performed at the
Senate House, which, as has already beeu stated,
was splendidly fitted up for the occasion, temporary
benches having been erected both in the body and the
gallery of the edifice, forming from the roof to the
floor a regular succession of seats one below the ether,
and terminating in a broad passage, through which
the procession took its course. At the asst end of
_ _

this superb room, on an elevation of three steps, was
placed the chair of the Chancellor : it WAS formed of
mahogany most exquisitely carved, and was finished
with gold lace and crimson velvet. On the right of
this chair stood that of the Vice-Chancellor, seNch
was equally elegant. bat not of the same dimehsions.
The upper division of the room next to the Throne
,was appropriated solely to the Chancellor's friends,
to Noblemen, and to Doctors and their families. The

next division, which extended from the Doctors' divi-
sion about twelve yards was reserved for the Mem-
bers of the Senate, and the remainder of the Quay of
the bedding was devoted to :he accommodation of
Masters of Arts, kc. and their families, while the
galleries were prepared for the reception of the Under
Graduates and their friends ; the front seats fry ladies
'only. Tickets were granted to the various Members
of the University according to their rank, and by them
distributed.

. Having thus given a short description of the pre-
vious arrangements. for this interesting spectacle, we
shall now proceed to a detail of the occurrences of
the day.
The morning was ushered in by a lively peal front
the bells of. St. Mary's, and at eight o'clock twenty.
one guns were fired in the market-place. Shortly
after this crowds of well dressed persons were seen
stpproaching from all quarters of the town towards
the grand focus of attraction (Trumpingtonotreet),
through which the procession passed. Here every
window was let at an enormous price, for the purpose
of viewing the passing scenes, and before nine every
easement was thronged with dashing Oa from the
surrounding country, who upon this occasion spared
no pains in the decoration of their persons. The streets
were also lined with thousands of weld dressed persons,
all attracted to the spot by curiosity.
Shortly before eleven o'clock the space in front of
the Senate House was completely blocked up with
carriages, filled with the female friends of his Royal
Eighness, and with the families of the Members of
the University, while the doors of ingress to the Hall
exhibited a scene of the utmost confusion from the
pressure of the Under-Graduates and strangers, who,
by an early attendance, were resolved to do the best
towards the procuration of good seats. At length, in
obedience to the clamorous outcries of the crowd, the
doors were opened ; a most tremendous crush fol-
lowed, several persons were thrown down and trampled
on, the shrieks of the ladies excited the utmost alarm,
and for some time the apprehension of serious mischief
awaked the most agonming feelings in the breasts of
those who had already obtained admission. and those
who bad yet the dangerous conflict to ercnunter.
To examine tickets was impossible, and thus the tei-
ginal intention of the Vice-Chancellor to limit the
number of the spectators to certain bounds was com-
pletely defeated, and to this circumstance may be
autributed the great inconvenience which was after-
wards experienced by the assembly, as a great part
of the seats in the gallery were occupied by the
throng, who stood in quadruple rows. All the
seats being soon filled, comparative quietness ensued,
until the atmosphere became so heated, notwith-
standing every mode had been adopted to afford fresh
air, that to preserve the company from suffocation it
became necessary to break almost every wiadow, ati
operation in which the tinder Graduates assisted with
no small industry. This circumstance gave rise to a
new-tumult, in which a sort of opposition occurred
between those who were friends to order and deco-
rum, and those who valued the comforts of them,
selves and friends more than the University glass, and
the respective feelings of the twp parties were expres-
sed by clapping and hissing. This riotous proceed-
ing at length became so alarming, that the Head
Proctor deemed it expedient to threaten expulsion to
any gentleman who should express applause or dis.
approbation. This threat however, only operated as oil
on tire, and the outcry became still more blisterous.
A deputation of the Proctors then ascended the gal-
lery, and in the most gentlemanly terms, requested
the Under Graduates to refrain from outcry, Aram-
ing them at the 'same time permission to break all the
windows if they thought proper. This condescen-
sion had the desired effect, and after one grand As.
sank on the windows peace and tranquillity resumed
their empire.
- -

I

The Demon of Discord having thus taken his
departures an opportunity was afforded of witness-
ing one of the most interesting and splendid assem-
blages which the imagination could conceive. At
one view were seen all the Members of the Univer-
sity in tneir proper costume, arranged according to
their precedence. 'Behind these were the female parts
of their families in full dress, displaying with their
personal 'ornaments a prodigious profusion of dia•
monds and costly jewels. The front rows of the pa-
ltry were graced by a complete circle of feria/es, and
completely crowded in the back by Under Graduates,
in their gowns and caps ; the whole number of indi-
viduals ream amovuting to upwards of three thou.

_

,
rani n entintriei, be etiuld. t titjt el hiPPi at 04 •
fate of Great Britain, the safe' a Blare of which
he attributed to the blessing's of its
„glorious Constltu-
tion,Supflorted as ii had beeri by the iliom, the loyalty,
and the courage of its inhabitants ;-idcl when be knee
that this happy consequehee was the, result ofeduca
tion, he cduld not but regard that place with infinite
delight as one of the 'sources 'of disseniinating that
knowledge froni whiEh so Mita superiority had been
derived.—(4l/titletries.)—Here had been reared some
Of the most eminent Stateimen the world had ever
witnessed, and to this University the nation was justly
indebted for some of its most able defenders.—Kire
the heroes of Cressy and Poictieri received their edu-
cation, and from here also had gone some Of .those
heroes whose deeds of valour had crowned them with
immortal honour, and afforded new proofs of that
spirit and energy which had ever characterised the
British name !--t itidaurer.) He felt proud of haiSing
received a public education, and that pride was consi-
t derably increased in having received-it at the Univer-
sity of Cambridge. His Royal Highness concluded
with repeating his expressions of gratitude for the ho-
nour which had been conferred upon him, and by de-
' claring the sincere pleasure he should always feel
in visiting Alma Mater, and his firm intention, whether
• "hsent or present, to make the prosperity of the Uni-
versity the object of his constant solicitude.—(Laud
and repeated Appla
uses.)
The speech was delivered with good emphasis and
action, without notes ; and it is no compliment to the
Duke to say, that he was the best Public Orator of
the day. His speech was frequently interrupted and
finally followed, by unbounded applause.
The Installation Ode, written by Professor SMYTII,
and composed by Professor Hams, was then per-
formed; in which Mr. BRAIIAM and Mrs. Astte, but
particularly the former, acquitted themselves with
complete success. The business of the morning con-
cluded by a procession in the usual order to the Lodge
of Trinity College.

. .
sand, and forming a isitt ail truly grind and iii- I
posing.
At half-past eleven the Vice• Chancellor, Attended!
by the heads of the College, arrived, and, at tweltre;
a depetation, consisting of silt Doctiirg, in the ietteral .
facilities, six Non Regents, and silt Regents were seht
to the Chancellor elect at Trinity Lodge ; Whence, '
preceded by the beadles, and attended by the Depu-
tation, he came to the Senate-House, greeted in his
course by the acclamations of the populace, slid by
the strongest demonstrations of pleasure {coin the
Ladies in the windows the house:: in Truitsping-
ton-so eet, to whom he bowed With the greatest po-
liteness.
On his arrival at the steps of the Senate-Honk,
he was met by the Vice-Chancellor, who walked at
his Royal Highness's lett hand, up the central aisle of
the Senate-H,nse, to the toot of the platforM on which
the cuair was placed, the band in the orchestra play-'
ing an overture immediately on his Royal Highness
enterin7. th.:. aisle.
Ills u..yal HLlhness was attended by his Aides.de-
Carnp in military and was dressed in a long
black lobe, richly embroldeiL4 with gold, and the
,r tin supported by a page; his band w.., of rich point
Lis:e. He wore on his head a velvet cap, with a ..ich
gohlen tassel, of about six inches in length ; and as
he approached the Chair, at the left-hand side of
which lie took his st;!!ton, the Vice-Chancellor being
on he right, he was saluted by a burst of applause
from all quarters, which was frequently repeated, his
Royal Highness boss ing every pace he took, and evi-
dently much affected at this unanimous and grateful
expression of veneration and esteem.
Silence being at length obtained,
The VICE-CHANCELLOR, in an animated and elo-
quent speech, adverted to the exemplary pattern
which bed been shewn by his Royal Highness in the
Pursuit
of his studies while at the University, a pat-
tern which had ever been remembered by the different
Mentbers of the College with admiration, and which
had afforded them the strongest assurances of the
deep interest his Royal Highness would take in the
interest sand welfare of the Institution. With those
feelings unaltered, as they had been by time or ciy.
eumieances, the University felt proud in having the i
opportunity of begging his Royal Highness's accept- '
ante of the highest situation they had it itt their power
to bestow, which they did with a perfect confidence -
that his Royal Highness would prosecute the honour,
Credit, and interests of their community with the most
unremitting industry, convinced as they were, that the
Same zeal which he had exercised for their prosperity
after he had quitted his studies would be exerted
in the capacity of their Chancellor, a situation for i
which, on every account, he etas eminently qualified. i
In addition to other causes of .gratitude, it was im-
Pisible to hsilinsensible of the honourable distinction
of his Royal Highness's admission at Cambridge, a
!distinction peculiarly valuable, as he was one of the ,
fiht and only Member of the Royal Family then on ;
the throne who had received his education at an Eng-
lish University. Were it proper for him to expatiate I
101 l the Conduct of his Royal Highness since he left the
College, he could dwell with peculiar pleasure on the ,
Well-known ardour a ith which he obeyed the call of
his country in the hour of danger ; he could dwell on 1
the laudable desire evinced by his Royal Highness,
to tender still greater services to the State, by his .
travels in the remotest parts of Europe, in the pur-
Stilt of useful knowleige ; and lastly, he could dwell .
With the deepest sensations of delight and univer-
tally admired humanity of his Royal Highness, by 1
Which he bad been actuated not alone to relieve the I
distresses of his fellow-creatures in the most boun-
teous manner, but to take a distinguished part in the
!Oppression of that disgraceful traffic, by which so
tfiany-thousands of human creatures had been con-
de:fined to the most horrid and unjustifiable slavery. ;
It Was enough however for him to confine )oneself I
to the virtues which his Royal Highness had dis-
played while iii that community, virtues which must
ever live in his memory, and in the hearts of all
Who were acquainted with him. He could not omit
td express his fulness of gratitude for the obligations'
which the University had received from the present
Ro7al Patiiily, to whom their Constitution and laws
were so peculiarly indebted for protection: The Doc::
tor then took a short review of the rilany illustrious
men in the field and the cabinet who had received
their education it that University, And expreised
hope that the merits of those still living Would he
transmitted to future ages ; concluding by declaring
a confident hope, tt6t his Royal Highness would, i
japan all becasions, be the faithful gtiardian and pro.;
tector Of the valuable rights and privileges of. the In:'
stitution. He ti.en presented to his Royal Highness
the patent of office, which was read aloud by the Se-!
nior Proctor, after which he delivered into his handle'
the BOok of Statutes, Which in an impressive manner,
he exhorted him ev.- to protect:
The Vice Chancellor then took his Itoyal Highness'
by the right hand, and the oath of office was admini-
stered by the Senior Proctor, after which his Royal
Highness took his seat in the Chair, and was thereby
installed. This pact of the ceremony being finished,
the loudest acclamations of applause rung through the
Set:ate House for some minutes, which having sub-
aided, after a short pause, a Latin oration was deli.
vered by the Public Orator, in a most impressive
manner, In whith he parogyrized the various acts of
his Royal Highness's political and private life.
His ROYAL Hionvess then rose, and addressed the
Senate. He deelared himself deeply impressed with
a sense of the honour they had done him in placing
him at the head of an University which had ever ,
evinced its favour and unalterable attachment to the'
eivil and religious rights of the Country. (Ajitileares.)!
For so distiaguished a Milk of their respect,bis most
heattfelt acknowledgements were due. He had always
entertained the highest veneration for that august
"'body, and should consider that the proudest day of hi
life, on which he had been called in a manner so truly
flattering to that Chair. It was a proof of confidence;
for which it was impossible for him to express his
thanks in adequate terms, and became'doublyealuable
as he was the first of his family who had been edu-
cated in that University, which had upon every occa-
sion so strenuously supported• the principles which
had seated the House of Brunswick upon the Throne:
(Am/arum) He had the gratification, however, of
stating that they could not have chosen one more
truly attached to their interests, or more desirous of
protecting their rights and privileges than
(ifitpleutiar..) When he weeded on the stag of nu-
,

When the head of the pto‘vb.sion arrived at Trinity
Lodge, they opened to the right and left, and formed,
a lane, through which the Chancellor, accompanied
by his friends, passed.

His Royal Highness was dressed in a blue silk gown,
(the Trinity colour) adorned with a profusion of rich
gold lace, and was covered, during the whole time of
his sitting at the ceremony, by a trencher cap, with
a gold tassel.

The Senate-House, the scene of this grand cere-
mony, h4d been fitted up with great ingenuity, and
the accommodations were quite as convenient as so
large au assembly could have expected. The Ladies
made a most brilliant :hew.

Among the Company, we noticed—

The Bishops of Bristol, Bath and Wells, Noraleh,and Cloyne,
Lore Lansdowne, H l e dwicke, Erskine, Carysfort, Palmerston,
F. G. Osborne, and Henniker; the Attorney-General, the Rector.
der of London, Sir .I. C. Hippesley, Sir lames Graham, Sir Sid-
ney Smith, Sir J. Perrin:, Mr. Wilberforce, &e.

The Royal Dnke was ushered in and ont of the Se-
nate House by the firing of cannon, the ringing of
bells, &c.

After the Installation, the Chancellor gave his
grand dinner in the cloisters of Neville's-court, Tri-
nity College, which were fitted up for the reception
of about a thousand persons. Of the entertainment,
it is but justice to say, that never was one upon so
large and liberal a scale conducted with more com-
fort and regularity. It is needless to add, that turtle,
venison, burgundy, claret, fruits, &c. abounded. The
bands of music were stationed under an elegant mar-
quee in the centre of the grass plot of the court.
The hour appointed forthe dinner was three o'clock;
but at about five the Chancellor entered the Cloisteni
and was received with the tune of " GOD Save the
King," performed by his own and the Duke of York's
bands. After dinner, the first toast given was, "The
King," which was received with great applause, and
followed by its appropriate tune. This was succeeded
by " His Royal Highness the Chancellor," a toast
which was received by the unanimous acclamations
of the gownsmen, who immediately rose and shouted
laud iruzzas for a considerable time. The next toast
was, " The Right Worshipful the Vice Chancellor
and the Members df the Senate," given by his Royal
Highness in return. This was greeted with the same
applause, and followed by the toast of " The Noble-
men and Gentlemen who hire honoured the univer-
sity with their presence on this occasion."
, At about seven o'clock, the Chancellor left the Col-
lege; and honoured the concert in the Senate-house
with his presence. During his Royal Highness's ab-
sence; the walks of Trinity College were illuminated
after the manner of Vauxhall : and at eleven reelratk
a superb display of fire-works took place therez--
Aiter which, an elegant cold collation was pro-
vided at his Royal Highness's etpenee for about
5000 persons. Thus concluded the first day of this
Cambridge Jubilee.
We have heard of nothing to cloud all thi-: hilarity
and splendour. The heat was at first so excessive in
the Senate-hotise, that the upper windows, not readily
bpeniug, were obliged to be broken, a measure which
at first occasioned a little dissatisfaction among the
Proctors, but which afterwards extorted their sanction
from its necessity. . _ _

Simian hoe SO.
This manning his Royal Highness the CHANCELLOR
rent to St. Mary's Church, accompanied by the Vice-
Chancellor, High Steward, and the Nubility and
Bishops, with the Heads of Colleges. The Sermon
was preached .by Dr. Ir.Lisowoavir, after which an
eirereise for B. Degree *as performed, composed
by Mr. BRIDGTOWER.• Alter morning service his
Royal Highness the Chancellor, &c. &c. dined with
the Vice-Chancellor, at Bennito College. His Royal
Highness attended the church again in the afternoon,
when a sermon was preached by the Rev. Dr. BUT-
LER, The Church quite overflowed both in the morn-
ing and afternoon, and the sermons which were
preached were both excellent, and appropriate. After
tbe'afternoon service the Duke returned to Trinity
College, accompanied as usual by the Nobility and
Bishops. At about five o'clock King's Chapel was
opened, and the company which was collected there
was numerous beyond calculation. In the evening,
at a quarter past sii, his Royal Highness the Chan-
cellor attende4 Trinity Chapel, andtbere, as on all
other occasions on which his Royal Highness has op-
prayed in public, the number of persons who pressed
forward for admittance was almost double the number
of those who sudeeded in gaining iti

• • mlinrits OF E.
.014611,1 THB cosswiiitsie bi Tinee

•vrbExc'E.

...

facie iiiiisiiiiit. Latirsbjo;l. iii6:4‘;+ end iw& 4%
that
fen at that ithe t=One of my titter* and my trtithef
*ere then Gloucientr.
tint La ship condoned at GlonCesiei, rroni thi

nouseOF LOIIDTS, TO WIIOI4 'Tug PETITION by. WIL-
L:AM FITISRARDING nesitificit,ei.Stlatxc AZ OF MIST
TO RE EARL OF BERICELEY, WAS REFERICELL
The esarninittion of witnesses commented on the
4th of March; and elf substance of the evidence, by
to the '27th April inclusive was given in our previous
Numbers.
The whole or the evidence, down to the 27tlf inst.
occupies 876 folio' pages ; and :he following is a cor-
rect epitome of the testingity, of the most matetlal
witnesses. The whole would occupy a space fat be-
yond what we could afford.
Die lovir, 2 Mail, 1811,
The Lord W.ALS/NlM'Ass in the Chaiit
Mr. SOLICITOR GZRERAL informed the Committee,
that for the moons which he assigned to the Coin-
mittee, he w* desirous that the question proposed to
be put to theCountessDowager of 13erke1ey, atthe end
of the last day's proceedings, should now be put to her
Ladyship ;
Whereupon, the Right Hon. Mary, Countess Dow-
ager of Berkeley, was again called in, and a chair
being placed for her, her Ladyship came to the table,
and was asked,
What were the reasons, if any exlsted, which in-
duced the concealment of the marriage in 1785 ;-
1 from the year 1785 to the year 1794 ; and which
concealment terminated in the year 1794 ?—lt was
the situation of my sister, when I went to London the
latter end of 1784, or the beginning of 1785, whim I
supposed married, hut who really was not so till the
year 1794 ;. but there were other reasons which my
husband gave to me afterwards.
Will your Ladyship have the goodness to explain
'how the situation of your sister operated as any reason'
for theconcealment of your own marriage ?—I am usable
to answer that ; it was not in my mind, but in the
mind of my husband.
How did your Ladyship's husband state that that
was any reason for the concealment, the situation of
your sister ?--It being so extremely disgraceful to
myseli.
That that sister was living under the roof.of a gen-
tleman to whom she was not married ?—Yes.

..iip contrnu..... __
M—onth of Mby; 1736, to the thohth of August or be f?'
temper following ?—I think it w.ps.
Were yOti in the habit of being visited daily (.;
weekly by Lord Berkeley ?-:-Not weekly, fOr I wai
extremely ill for four weeks whilst I was there: ~
Did his -L:-:rdship take his meals with you ?-146;
nobody knell/ that his Lordship visited the there.
Does jour -Ladyship think he visited you iwenif
time ?—I cannot at this distant period answer that
qUestion.
Did his Lordship see yriu it interVals of a week, of•
Once or twice in the week ?—Nut sn.Olten;
Was it once,, r twice in a snoiah ?—I do not know
how to answer' that question.
The inquiry is r specting the commtinication Wilk
your own hus:Tind ; was you therefore in the nab;: ( f
seeing Fin t--.I cannot answer that more fully. I
went to Gloucester to suppress a rumour or my mai:
riage; which at that time had gone abrotJ, that I w: i
'married, and to remove my family ; and tli‘!re i; wiil
appear by Mr: Parker the Surgeon's ho ks that I v; at
I extremely ill, parteulaiiy with a tore throat, for a
month or six weeks.
Did I.Cird Berkeley knOw that ?—Yei, he ail
During that time your Ladyship titnnOt state lion
often his Lordship saw you ?---.I am sure that I ncvel-
saiv Lord Berkeley while I was confined with this:
sore throat.
Was it a severe illness ?—lt was enough to Confine
the to the house. •
Your Ladyship had at that titne no feitrile: servant
attending upon you ? NJ, none. My Sister had two
female servants ;
,I had none of my Gwn. I went for
concealment.
W.otild not your Ladyship have been better coni
cealed if you had rema'n'd in London ?—lt was my
husband's wish I s Oidd go there.
1 Could no: your Lacythip's family -have been *-
moved to L .ndon from Gloucester, without your go-
ing there ? It was my husband's wish that I should
go there.
Did he know that he was to visit you only by
stealth while you were there ?—He did.
Did Lord Berkeley prefer your going to Glottces-
. •

And that was the reason stssigned by Lork Ber-
keley for not making public his marriage with your
Ladyship ?—Yes.
How long did.that reason continue to operate ?
Till my sister married, as I have stated.
That sister was married in the year 1791 ?—I be-
lieve she was.

ter,.whete he could sac you Only by stealth, to your
rentaining in London, where he could see ho; every
day ?—lt he had not preferred it, he would net have
sent me there.
Your Ladyship states; that you went to Gloucefter
by the regimcct of yin' husband ; when Lord Berke-
ley desired your Ladyship to go to Glnuceiter, d •t.

What were the other reasons assigne3 by Lord
Berkeley besides the situation of your Ladyship's sis-
ter ?—My husband on his death-bed told me that he
had married me at the time to get possession of my
person; it never having been the infention of him, at the
time he married me, to acknowledge me as his wiic.
The question it. was wished to have had answered
was, whether Lord Berkeley at the time a, s'gned any
other reason for the concealment niche marriage that.
the situation o( your sister ; by s, at eie ti:11::" is
meant the interval between March, 1785, and the year
1791 ?—From the time of my marriage to the time
of niy sister marrying, that, and the inferiority of my
birth, I should father suppose, were the causes ; those
were the reasons Lord Berkeley assigned at that time.
Were there any other reasons which terminated in
the year 1794, except the circumstance of your sister's
altered situation ?—No, I do not think there were.

your Ladyship know .uhetherThis Lordship was ap-
prized that at Gloucester he could see you only by
stealth ?—Yes, certainly.
At whatfme was it when your Ladyship's feMale
relations, yo•ir mother and yotir two sisters, were
made acquainted w,th your living with Lord Perke-
Icy ?-ot:e sister, my s'ster Farion, and my mother,
when they came to Londan ; my other sister We did
not care about ; but my eldest sister opened a letter
for my brother from myself, Jefor• the lel t G:oncester,
from the contents of uh ch, she •IYas certain I wail
; it. was signed g• Afary E." .. •
When was that was in beciuse my sisa
tcr rernoved for good in that year.
In what part of 1785 ?--Aftor I :oft Gloticestee:
Did that lead to any communicatiln with your
Ladyship's mother and sister, as to. the looting titer
Ladyship was on with Lord Berkeley sister

Whether, posterior to 1735, your Ladyship did not
in point of fact live under the roof of that sister to
whom you have alluded, and with her ?—I went to
her house, supposing she was happily married, when
I left Kent.
That was in the year 1781 ;—the question it,
whether your Ladyship went to that sister, or under
her roof, at any time subsequent to March, 1785, when
your Ladyship states you were married ?—I was mar-
ried ; but I never lived with my sister after I was
married ; and before that I had a lodging.
That sister lived in London ?—I cannot tell where
:he lived after I was married, in any distinct place
after the year 1785.
What was the christian name of that sister
Susanna.

told Mr. Parker, the Sin-ron, uho attended me; that
she knew I *as married from that circumstance 1 he
had attended me, fix I had left Gloucester When I
wrote that letter.
Your Ladyship is understOoi to have sAld that the
marriage was at first kept a secret from every body
besides your Ladyshi,i's Mother ;: itbm your mother
and sisters t—Yes, surely.
Both the Marriage and your Ladyship's living with
Lord Berkeley were kept secret from every body ex;
cept Mr. Tudor ?—No, for my family removed from
Gloucester to London in 1785, and they knew I was
living with Lord Berkeley ; but the confidenct they
had in the, with the letter that my sister opened to
my brother, impressed their minds so strongly that I
was married, that they never doubted it, and they

Whether, when your Ladyship returned to London thought the situation ofmy second sister was the cause
from Gloucester about the latter end of 1785, you of the concealment.
did not return to the house of that sister I—No, not Did your Ladyship ever eommnnicate to your nsn.,
to live there. ther or to your sister the circumstaace of yont mar-
•
Did your Ladyship hoard with that sister, or take riage ?—I told them to have confidence in me ; that'
your meals with that sister I—After I returned from they knew I had never done wrong; And they might
Gloucester in 1785, no. depend upon it I never would I and niy reed was
Did not your Ladyship visit that sister at her never doubted by any one of the family ; that is true.
house or lodgings after your return from Gloucester After your marriage, and after your Ladyship's
the latter end of 1785 I—l did visit her, and took family, your mether and titter, removed to London
'great pains to deliver her from her situatitih, till the from Gloucester, the latter end of 1785, did they then
beginning of 1786, and frotnthat time I never sawher. know that your Ladyship Was living with Lord Be: ke.
Was it with the knowledge of Lord Berkeley that ley ?—Certainly they knew that; my mother and my
your Ladyship visited that sister ?—Lord Berkeley sister kiim that:
was quite as anxious to remove her from her siva- Why r.ot bah of your Ladyship's sisters ?—I am
Lion as I was. sure my sister Farren did, because she bad seen the
Then, except as occasional visits, you were not letter ; I cannot tell whether the other sister did.
Sleeping or taking your meals with her ?—I might Did not your other sister know that your Ladyship
have dined with her, but certainly not living withher. was living in London I—When I was in ?.endon I
Your Ladyship means, • you did not live with her dare say she did.
for a week at a time ?—No, I think t never was in When your Ladyship's sister Susannah Tanner was
the house of my sister for a week together, after I re.' living in London, did she know that you were living
turned Irvin Gloucester in the year 1785. tin lodgings provided by Lord Berkeley 1-4 dare say.
Whether; when your Ladyship went cl;sv.-n from y she did.
London to Newport the day before your marriage, i Whether either your Ladyship's mother, or either
),ou went with any body or alone?-1 went from ;Of your sisters, asked your Ladyship on what footing
London alone, and arrived at Newport the night be- I you were living with Lord Berkeley ?—My sitter
fore the marriage. I Farren never v:ould ask that question after she saw
How did your Ladyship travel ?—I travelled to f the le,ter, but she never doubted tis: factot my Mar:
Oxford in a stage coach, and froth Oxford in (hakes.; riage.
With or without any companion ?—Nu companion ; I Whether, in point of fact; either of your Lady:
there might have been travellers in tha stage coach. ship's sisters or your mother ever asked you any quet:.
Did your Ladyship see Lord Berkeley the day be- ! tion upon the subject I—We have had frequent ceir_
fore the marriage think not. versations upon that subject; particularly with my
• Your Ladyship stated you remained at Newport !mother ; for she went tares* with me in Park-street,
the night before the marriage i—Yes. I two months before I lay In of ray eldest ton.
Were you alone at the inn, or did any body of I The question is,' whether in-1785,41am your Lidy.
your acquaintance meet you trier_ ?.—I was atone at *ship's mother anti your two sisters were made sc.
the inn at Newport: quainted with your living With Lord Berkeley, whe.
How did your Ladyship go o'er the next morning ther at that time either at them ever askea your Lady_
to Berkeley ?—I walked with my brother. I ship upon what food, g you, were living With Loid
Had your Ladyship evel heo.i at Berkeley before ? Berkeley ?—Not two sisters ; I said Wine, only
—.Never. I one was acquainted with it.
YOur brothel. Mr. William Tudor It--Yet: 1 That is not an answer to the
He had not been with your L dyship night be.: have answered that question before;
fore he cattle that mot, ink. 4:ster.
Fron..irbentet—From Gleosestort I Your Ladyibilis now Wore

.

question think I
tore, at to guy thirst
>re was saderstaod w.
