Ire !HE ALLIED MONARCHS.

nr TRITE IN tERIT;;Ts OP SwFINT.24, AND THE
NE. "CHAT' 'HR stloiTLO REIORN TO
iff.!( 1,1:01 I'INIATE sOVEREtoNS.
lIY M. LE CHEVALIER Do* DE p*. A".

V.nro:u, needs a general Peace; she is weary of
I.l,•so'rvions—long enough has she been drawn in
t stormy career ; arid Ling enough has the progress
.01 c;viqvition been stopped,; whilst in Twice II Fn.
reign 13oharian paralyzed commerce, eitingwislied
in•ltistry, destroyed the populltion, degraded the cha-
racier and the manner of a generous nation, and em-
ployed in the destruction of mankind the capital and
the harvests. which would have centupled the means
of prosperity. Sweden 'gave the most dreadful ex-
ample of ingratitude to a King, whose whole care
. had been to govern her as a fattiest.. Some bold men,
certain of impunity, laid a criminal hand on him
w: n had not ceased to load them with benefits ;—a
prison became the asylum of the illustrious son of the
:gr..at Gustavus.
Eurnop has tet.ti eleceived as to the cause and
'effects of the Revoltirton of 1809. in Sweden ; the
secret movers were interested In keep it in tile shade.
Let Its tear the v it which has hidden it from all ryes
Gustavus Adolphus owes his misfortunes solely to
the religions observance which he had prescribed to
imself, of the prmcirles which had determined the
T vof l'unttz. He had perceived that the cease
of the Bourbons was the cause of all ._rivereorns, and
tent Ahlt, Alone to &fend it. he had at. least re.
flied to introthce in his States the Continental hyc-
tem, which lead for i:s obj.ct to consolidate the power
rt,l the Corsican Usurper.
tie noble a charac•er was dangerons to Wm who
sworn the Jest; octi n of all thrones, and the re.

r ,'-nn 'lt all elyiirsiies. He had recourse to err.
and soon A spark of the revoluti•stiary fire
ri;toted up a horr.ble conflagration through all S•se-
ii .11. Admiral o.4nstedt—the ungrateful Craysredt
ti:ii•ing the line of his duty, forgetting what he
...scot to the memory ri hi• benefactor Gustavus
tit into the ha•ids of Cie It ?wan Generals the fine
itrtp.•sing fortress of Sveabourg, the rampart of
Ile kingdom.• •
This noeKpected (rent produced a.great sensation
is all Sxesien; minds were disturbed ; the ill.dispos-
ed inspired a certain distrust into the most generous
and in spite of the wise dispositions of the
King—in spite of the constancy and courage with
which he strnegled against the united efforts of
Rtiss'a and Denmark, all his military operations were
calumniated.

After some. months of a dillicult government,.
(limas-us Adolphus saw the sacred oaths which unit.
rd his army of Norway, broken. 'Already the regi-
ment of his gitards, forgetting► what they owed to
their renown, hid fled before ,he enemi•s of their
Kiitg. Lieutenant Colont.l Adlesparre first raised
the standard of revolt ; at the head of 3000 men by
marched to the capital—a handful of .malcontents ;
'he scum of the people rsised cries of joy at this
newt, and swore to overthrow the throne. The 13th
of March, 1309, at the moment when the King, who
had reached Stocki.otrit the evening before, was ah,.ut
to recall te brave soldi:•rs, whom crime had misled,
to their ditty—he saw in his apartments his own stall
Loy parricidal hands ato his vitglist person : it was•in
va•n he drew his swo:d to parish trea►on—he wa%
thsaritv.d by nnrnh'•rs. In v:is esti% mity the intrepid
son 01 Gustavus l l:. isreako,g from the hands tit h.,
aaassins. seized the sword of General Storniteldt,

who had entried with the crowd, but it 14* AS forty
snatched from his haAs. S iln.re-animated by a
tstipernutural force, the King ag tin seized the weapon
which had been .disputed won him, and went our
thri•ugh one of the doors of the apartment, which
had not been observed by the factions.
He would have succeeded, and virtue would have
tr;iimphed over crime, it the unhappy Gustavus
Ads Ipilus had not found two conspirators in his way.
Ihe first did n,,t dare to lift his hand against his
master; but the second, who was large 'and robust,
atier having warded with his left hand the thrust
which would have taken his life, seized his King,
and hild him fast };rasped, till the moment when tile
(icier conspirators appeared :—thus was the bravt st,
'the 1111).t and the most generous of Mio
oarchs made captive.
• Tile Field-Marshal Klingsporr, Cineral Alder-
crea.z. and the Aid-de-camp, General Seffvesp
who had conducted this internal and who had
ahewn themselves the boldest in its emotion, made
haste, in the of the night, to remove their
oinhapil monarch from his royal castle, to bury him
*five in the fortress of Glipslicilm.
All Europe "knows that the Revolutionary States
cnnv-ked, thrust out the noble heir of the Vil%AS'ant'
all his posterity from the throne of SweJen, that th.
TOWII was offered to the Duke of Sndermania ; that
the Prince of Augnstenburg was elected Hereditary
'f since and after the natural or violent death of that
`risocc. Marshal Bernadotte was called to thd honour
its e day govt.rning the Swedish people.
Thus the first cause of the reverses which Custavn,
Adolii:.tis experienced, had its beginning in the ha-

• Svealitiurg contained nit only the provisions n. ressary to
snatiths 'anger, with a garrhrui ul own men,
ut it pi...retied o► re walls, and am•atg iti rucks, the lieu
"st tiadresn. ttr Filini,h flotilla of ahoy todi. 'this ►qi Wren wat
. rite d and equipped In a most etunplrte manner. ihe Merritt
Pius which AM; litustaius hail given to the Comm.•+ndant
cmttained his vrectie ovi.h, that the fortress sitould be de
)Tided to the last extremity, and die flo•ilh burnt, rather that
. uttered to tall Nolo tie. hands IA the gamy but CJ's whits.
_ nitaution* m estiwi with 11-*itiwit. - ,

t lt WI be who titiarmed bis Kw g.

4 • .

_ ___S

The day before yesterday the notorioni roWerr
murderer, Gram', Was taken by Welt Lel.: plan
tilt pike between Elam and t!lree or lot
L ows from this city, and. was yestird3y 1
Jr, ,Mohr
hoe. police.set At liberty the mistress tit Griot
whom they took a long while ago, and whoa' aPe
son in the service of the polite had contrived tog:
.0 far that she suffered him to accompany ho
Graeae', who was induced to appear At the apponw
place, where 'he ,was arrested. , His .40141115 A"
seem to have any thing so egstraorslinarg is them
she reputation- which be . had gainisd is the on"'
PT ;sports artAully 44aggerated.. 'lO
0141 A Int does not loolr4R oW, ows
sate -great 4P44.1acY.•
Osewnpio.a,ClPtso.44.#o,l4„ll:4o- v,va to 1.4
Authentic laticsa.fositga• itelMeint°lll6ll".. Pie°

harchs made captive.' uernanorte in oweaen :—utter having united their eapeuse, nowever inconsistent won tne IltiAllCial te- e+•""--".""`" —— - ' 7
Sources of the City, provided that expense Was in- of your Mina -countrymen will receive y
I. efforts by the most holy. of crusades, to stifle the
i • Tne Field-Marshal Klingsrorr, Ceneral Alder-
hydra of Revolutions, will they surfer a new Revo- coned for the accommodation of certain individuals. return; and while you enjoy merited I
I; crea.z. and the Aid-de-camp, General Seffvesp ant, . . .
of _ .
This ~_
li lotion to germinate in a corner Europe? lligir• I'‘arr hear.)--43ut the question was, whether
who had conducted this internal plot,. and who had
cannot be expected. The world is in want of a long any individuals whatever should be entertained at the •
`xofthe country will rind you prepared for new ;Is
ahewn themselves the baldest in its tumid-It, made
standing . it again require the support of your arms
peace, a general peace--. 4 term must be set to the e Penw
ambition of individuals, their mad. hopes must be that Court ? The Committee, at which the Hon. (Signed) sr Hi
oinhalo,y monarch from his royal castle, to bury him
4iviiihtted.
Alderman presided, was appointed fur a specific pus.
' VIENNA, NOVEMBER 2'.
, .
1 atieVG in the fortress of Gi ip.luilm.
. Let us leave to Asia the sudden spectacle of those pose, without authority or allowance :o spend any The dot before yesterday the notorioni
All Europe knows' that the Revolutionary Stateslaa4i..:y whatever but for that purpose. Yet this murderer, Graesel, was taken by a welt 1
mili.ary expeditions, which make the:word the only
• conv-kvd, thrust out the noble heir of the Vasas•alir' title to the Throne. Holland, Spain, Westphalia, Coiranittee undertook to order the expenditure of no the police between Sun and tieilhron, t!'
all his posterity from the throne of SweJen, that th. less a sum than itt9oo for mere entertainments. lit
otuily, Italy. and France, have seen new men reigning
crown was offered to the Duke of Sodermania ; that oo,ts from this ,city, and-. Was yesterday
. over them; all these States are now replaced under appealed then to the Court, whether such' an elin.li '
. tilt Prance of Angnstenburg was elected Hereditary
,:le tutelny sceptre of their Kings. Sweden alone
Jature could be tolerated, while its regular Commit- lune. The police.setat liberty the mistress
•
TTnn.e ; and alter the natural or vinient death of that oilers the spectacle of a motley policy ; it alone is. in tees were distinctly restrained to a certain'allowance. whom they took a long while ago, and w
')'since, Marshal Bernadotte was called to the honour Ten opposition with the European system, to say When the erection of his Majesty's Statue was first 11 son in the service of the police .kl ennui
-
se ... e day govt•rning the Swedish people.
;smiting more of it. It it meditate on its position, it proposed, it was stated that the expensl. was not likei 7 so fir that she suffered him to acconspi
• Thus the first cause of the reverses which Gustavus will soon perceive that there is an absolute necessity to exceed two or three hundred guineas; and yet had r,
it amounted to nearly three thousand pounds. He Graesel who was induced to appear at Oil
`Adi•lt.u..iis experienced, had its beginning in the ha- of returning to its legitimate Sovereigns : no irressi-
. • Svealuturg contained tun only the provisions no eessary to iution, and above all, let it not wait till the Allied was not, however, disposed to find fault with this es. Places where, he ?was wasted. .- His ,eats
1114.-,n!•,:se.t. RIX month% longer, with a garrisqii of cow men, erinces command the Marshal Bernadotte to retire sass,. but he could not reconcile it with his sense of seem to have any thing so extraordinsry i
tut it prweet.ed tat cr walls, and am.,ng iii rocks. the lien into the clasis of citiz ts. - ' ' duty to overlook the addition of £9OO for purist:nes the reputation' which. be . had gained in 4
. %-t.toadrntt. or Finnish notilla of sixty .nit. .1 his squ Wren w. n
. Ire. it anti equipped In a most compftte manner. ahe instruc Invasion and civil war may be the consegnerite* of t?tally unconnected with the erection of the Statilo.. by marks arouuy „assented... :lik ii
t•il9, attach Ain; Unistatius hat, given to the Coinnwindant trim. the desperation of the guilty faction ; it is thus that :kin what had feasts for the members of the Commit
^'d'utoes no h does look scold. Imil iit taiiktili
- ~,,t.t, coalaiised his rreetie wish. that the fortress sitould be de it would be true to maintain that political convulioels tee, or fOr their friends in the Administration, to do "• • .
fulled tat the lan extremity, stud the iloilh burnt, rather anti
-ire always fatal and disastrous to nations, and that • rich the beauty-or splendour 4 the Statue? It might .i“t• -great dPallicY• --MbllAlPetiel
i
tie late eter-1
..utlered to tall aura tie hands ot the aunty; but tits vase.. laws at order-are gait si I..S' VI 'suit the policy of the worthy Alderman (Curtis) tot giverx.np.o.a, upeoligt#44„l;el`:,sty
.- . . fah;Treiit ...
i. . !vitiations are vsei,•sui with 11-sitiwi. • - -• ' -
S mpunity. via. . ... .
• .e•
eentattainsarttai& iadividuals, but why should the City • Authentic letteta.4oo-1041O9•0•00101
!' t he was bet who thaarmed his /Qui.
. . .
.; :•:!: A: ...4.i.5t _ 't ,1,..., • • • At. • ..•. •: '
, . .
t .• •
. Ja....-........ •
.....-....- .. .. - . ~
.- . .

A'
s.
p(S

fl

Wayne Lishly hitOottrik to ell friends slid ad•
miters of eokitity. newly, the &stover, Of an
ancient building, is the neighbourhood ef Pakstrine•
A broad marble stair-case, descending 80 steps, has
been already uncovered, sad a places or room, in
in which several statues are still standing upright in
their niches. The farther results of this discovery
are eagerly expected
NUM THE MAINE, NOVEMBER

The kingdom of the. Netherlands obtains of the
territory ceded by France, all that formerly made a
part of the departments of the Sure and the Mo.
sell*. Austria takes part separated from the depart.
meats of the Lower Rhine, with Landau, which will,'
however, be exchanged with Bavaria for the Inn-
•iertel. the Hansruckviertel, a part of Salthurg, the
bailliage of Vila, in the Tyrol, and some other incon-
siderable districts. Bavaria obtains Deux Pont',
Kaiserslautern, Spire, Landau, (via. the town, the
citadel is a fortress of the Confederation, which Bava.
ria has the right to garrison) and some other districts.
It loses 287,000 subjects, but obtains 469,608 in their
stead. Besides this the Palatinate is to fall to Bava
via, when the direct line of the present Gr and Duke
is extinct. Darmstadt cedes to Prussia the Duchy of
Westphalia ; to Bavaria four bailliagrs, among which
is Mellenberg f to Hesse Cassel, one beilliage, in all
18400; but it obtains 201,706 instead, with the
cities of Mintz and Worms, and the Principality of
Isenburg.
TURIN, NOVEMBER 14.

The Tunesian pirates, who had fitted out a fleet of
three frigates, one corvette. one brig, two xebecs, and
seven other vessels, succeeded in approaching in the
intoning twilight of the 16th October, to the Penin-
sular of St. Antioco, where they landed so suddenly,
that it was impossible to afford any assistance in
time to prevent it. The military force at St. Antioco
consisted of only SS artillerymen, that of the Tune-
4.
mans of above 1000 men. A brisk.fire was made
upon them, but notwithstanding the heroic and ob-
itinate resistance made by the cannoneer' and in:l4.
Oltenia, above 100 persons of both seizs were carried
into slavery. After a most obstinate .action, iit which
the brave Commander of the fort, Mr. Wit, with
;everal others fell, the pirates hastily fled on the
Coming up of more troops, having lust many killed
and wounded. whom they abandoned, besides those
they had carried on board, and then hastily steeped
:owards the African coast. One of their vessels was
sunk and the others had received considerable da-
mage. The squadron entered Tunis in a very crip-
pled state, but the gatemen t of their loss at 600 men
SCUDS exaggerated.
ire

have this day coesieeid our extracts from the
Paris Papers received yesterday, vie. those of Satin..
lay last s end this day we give the principal contents
if those of Sondayl received this morning. They are
till alma respecting LawaLrrrx and Nay. In the
Sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, on Saturday,
nothing occurred of importance.
The Papers before us announce that the Duke
ilsAwount.ams had given an audience to the President
of the Protestant Cansistory, at Nitues, when on his
way to Toulouse. This we take to have been the
meeting with the Protestant Deputation which was
followed, a few days after, by :he destruction of their
temples. He gave them every assurance of good will;
every promise of protection. Put were they protected ?
Have any of their persecutors been brought to justice?
Has their liberty of worship been secured to them I
On the contrary, have not the Protestants since found
themselveoin such a state as to be induced to pro.
mice that they mold not again attempt to open their
places of worship till the public ferment should have
subsided I What is this; but an admission on'the part
If those who extort the promise, that they have with.
h4ld protection from the persecosed—that they will
net protect them 1 Their enemies are first to be con.
vested to the belief of one of the leading principles of
Christianity—that persecution is directly opposed to
itifirst principles. When is this to take place ? How
is it to be effected ? Will the Priests who have re-
fund absolution to those who favour their claims en-
gage in this Christian labour ? Who is to do it 1 The
Protestants cannot, by the very promise extorted from
tem ; and should they attempt it, the attempt would
-: converted into a charge of proselitism.
We gave yesterday an Order of the Day, issued
t I the Duke d'Astioulama on the 19th ult. the day
e.fore he left Nimes. In this doenment there is a
-..ight allusion to the disgraceful scenes which have
‘,:en transacted there ; but it is cold and feeble : it
thibite, in oar opinion, none of that fire and energy
vbith would Sow from a mind disgusted with the
lot:aides that had occurred—detesting the spirit
In bad led to theas—tesileg for the enesevired set-
tings of men whose crime was that of acting too-
ientiously. Hs repulse sip National Guards, if
Woof it may be called, is mad as moonshine; nor
• the least hint gives that the aloes smensitted by
me of their body shall be visited with merited pe-
• Messer.

Till we &A have evident that the Goverasset
Frasee mass se.m. aM den set as impartial
mite awash ism* the hetet.= and swank
porseepser. we shall earakider all the M white-
Imago •ph• lark Papas, a 1 the Sae dedaratiess
"iribed to the Del., se se any ef bit family. as
Theadas ef every getraressest (set
lay of wiry aim et sessoldmi alas
waliess4llrawaryi ***Naas' awl the iaao:.
