.DR. BATEMAN'S ACCOUNT OP THE CON-
TAGIOUS FEVERaw.viRoUNTRY.

Thstsis a work ozkic6 it, on every account, calcu-
hied 'f6 riche attention. The topic is indeed, at all
times extremely important, but is at this women:
tendered peculiarly interesting by the alarming epi-
demic which still exists in the metropolis, and many
of our large provincial towns ; and no person can be
better qualified than Dr. BATEMAN to make a report
of it : because he has held, for fourteen years, the
office of sole medical superintendant of the House of
Recovery•for the Reception of Fever Patients. Be-
sides the motives of a more obvious nature which
might naturally be supposed to influence Dr. B. in
wishing to leave an authentic history of a disease
with which he has had so many opportunities of be-
coming thoroughly acquainted, he observes, 4, that
it appears to him to be worthy of record, as it exhi-
bits very distinctly a specimen of the common form,
and of the common varieties, which the infectious
fever has assumed in this country for many years
past ; and which is likely to continue, under our im-
proved and improving system of domestic economy,
to be the ordinary fever of our island."—The theory
implied in this sentence, that the infectious fevers
which have, at various 'successive periods, invaded the
inhabitants of this country, have been really identi-
cal—and that the differences observed in thefr symp-
toms and their degrees of 'virulence have depended
on the changes in our habits and manners, and on
the means of prevention or cure which have been
adopted—is afterwards more fully maintained and

developed.
Dr. Bavexan begins by noticing the connexion between
scarcity of food and epidemic fever ; which appears to be so
urlform, that we are justified Inregarding the former as the ;
cause of the latter. That fever is not generated by the mere ac-
cemulation Oche putrid effluvia from decomposed animal mat-
ter, appears to be proved by the most decisive evidence ; though,
at the same time, this is probably to be regarded as a power-
ful circumstance in multiplying and fostering it when once pro-
duced. And he observes, " The morbid and even natural ef-
fluvia of the living body, when allowed to accumulate by want
of cleanliness and air, are unquestionably coalmen sources of
feller." Whence the disease, once generated, is extensively pro-
pagated by the accessary circumminces. want of personal and
domestic cleanliness, and crowded habitations without proper
ventilation.
It would appear that the most constant and characteristic
symptoms in simple typhus, are a general prostration of strength,
attended with pains in the head, and still more in the limbs and
bath. Under all its modifications Dr. Bateman °banes, the
skin remains dry ; and " no distinct humidity" is preceptible at
at the decline of the disease In a Liege majority of the cases • in
19 only out of 678, did any thir.g appear like a evened dispo-
rens, that is, where the symptoms immediately subsided on the
occurrence of the perspirition. With respect to the heat of the
teady in typhus, we are informed, that it was seldom found to
eicreraud beyond the ordinary standard of health, except in
the febricula of children, a part which would appear to be much
at varigucc with the statements of Dr., Carrie, who regarded
. tie increase of temperature almost as theessence of the febrile
action ; and the reduction of this morbid temperature, as the
grand indication of cure, which is to supersede almost-every
other remedy. Dr. Bateman expressly Informs us that, in a
very great majority of the cases which have been under his cart,
the heat has seldom exceeded 90 or too degrees.
The typhus fever, in this simple form, with which nearly two-
thirds of the patients under Dr. Bateneani care, during the pre-
sent epidemic, hive been affected, is not regarded as a danger-
ous disease • because, by simple treatmentend removal of the
extraneous ircumstances, which are unfavourable to the re-es-
tablishment of health, the powers of the constitution appear to
be generally sufficient to effect a cure • but the result is very
different in the complieateddyphus. This account variety of the
disease, which fell under Dr. Bateman's inspection, " approxi-
mates very closely to the slew nervous ftrev, so accurately depic-
ted by Dr. Huxh.sin fever which manifestly differs from the
putrid prailennalfeeer tteacriloct by the same able author, only is
the less violence of its symptoms, and its more protracted
comae." It is stated that. during the first ten days aides come
plaint, the symptoms were net materially different, In the cases
which afterwards became of the kind that is placed in this Se-
cond Clete from those of the First- At this period an increase
of the general diminution of the vital powers was very percep.
tihle ; and of all those which have usually been regarded as in-
dications of a deranged condition of the nervous functions ; but
it would appear that the putrid or malignant symptoms, as they
have been commonly styled, sandy ever occurred in the
Ilouse of Recovery. Among 678 patients, two only had ex-
tensive ecchymoses, or livid blotches ; but even here the state
was father indicative of a failure in the powers of the drculating
system than of any change. in the nature of the constituents of
the body, or any tendency to their decompositions or putrefac-
tion. This section concludes with some curious documents re-
specting the average mortality of the typhus fever, which hats
been (beyond all doubt) greedy diminished, in this country,
within the last century ; but it is not easy tole= any correct
estimate on this point.
The Section on the method of treatment occupies nearly one-
third of the volume, and cansot be studied with too much atten-
tion. Notwithstanding the great reform that has taken place
since the errors of the humoralists, and the still more fatal prac-
tices of the Brunonians, Dr. Bateman remarks, that we have
tot yet overcome ail our terrors of debility, and we still have
recourse to our stimulants, although in less formidable tinsel.—
These, however, except in a very few instances, and in the lat-
ter stages, are to he entirely discarded ; we are to commence
with an emetic of ipecacuan ; then to administer a purgative :
and afterwards, if the occasion requires, proceed to blood-let.
deg, and employ cold drinks and external cold through every pe-
riod of the disease.
Dr. ilatentat: has not, however, fannd the use of the cold
effusions, as re:elm:tended by Currie, to answer the expecta-
tions that were raised it. its favour; it is often difficult to put In
practice; it did cot apparently abridge time disease; and it would
appear that cold washing with a spur.,e as generally a more ef-
fectual remedy. Dr. Beteman's ref on blood-letting are so
peculiarly candid and judicious, that they deserve the utmost
attention of all th:.se who are anxious to acquire the most cor-
rect judgment on this very important and much controverted
question—" No appearance of languor or debility," as it is very
forcibly and correctly stated, " should induce a disposition to
swerse from a steady pursuit of the ardi-phlogiscic pan, in diet,
regimen, and medicine." Through the whole pregress of the
disease, except in souse cases towards its termination, Dr. Bate-
man enjoins that, whatever may be the appearance of debility,
" the administration of camphor, ethereal fluids, aromatic con-
fection, and every description of cordial or tonic, and more es-
pecially bark, should be religiously avoided." The opposite
treatment has, beyond all doubt, produced those very symp-
toms of malignancy which the bark and wine were supposed to
be necessary to correct. All those appearances which depend
on a morbid condition of the nervous system, and which bave
usually been attributed to debility, are with much more pro-
priety referred to the effect of congestion, and consequent irre
tation of the brain or its appendages. litany important pints
are discussed in the section on contagion, which we regret that
our limits will not permit us to specify farther than by a general
reference. The most material et these points respects the die.
tuner to which the contagion of typhus is capable of being con-
veyed by the atmosphere; a distance which Dr. Bateman con-
ceives, is much less than we commonly suspect, never perhaps
extending more than a few feet front the source where it is ge-
nerated or accumulated, provided that free access to fresh air
is admitted. In proof of this very Important position
facts are cited from the works of Russel, Martens, aced
others, respectieg the plague, as well as from Lind and Hay-
garth respecting levers generally ; and from the very curious ex-
periments of ('Ryan of Lyons, on the contagion of small-pox.
Front these and other facts of a similar tendency, Dr. Bateman
draws the conclusion, " that infection cannot be caught in the
open air, even by a close approximation to the most tainted
sources of it, the uncleansed person and contanthiated apparel
of the sick : in short, that, to be rendered conununicable it
must be condensed and accumulated in a CilainCti and unchanged
atmosphere; or in the apparel or bedding, which has been long
sonnet with the patient. The practical inference.% therefore,

are dear: nunviy. that app..
through the streets of as tafeeted co—
ainether unfounded; that even in an

d imager. treat peeing
banienil/2 are
sm!ngles

cbieg= pieliesd freer spreading b'y perfeeivestilaiion
.111111 therefoes be escludvely relied
gra I fiss4lo/1 ailailbe use ad eempbor:. tobacco, vine-
falleiszemoston, smawiiires, ir
lead ra dahave
dapgeronousinsuflpupeLe.
des7 4,viosisloglaneealing the taint which ought to be re-
lieved_ by

SLAVE ABOLITION IN ST. HELENA.

ISLAND OF ST. HELIDIA, AUGUST 14.

At a Meeting of a Committee, assembled at the
Library this day, by the election of a Meeting of
Proprietors of Slaves, convened at the Castle by his
Excellency Lieutenant-General Sir HUDSON Lowe,
K.C.B. Governor, Etc. and Council, for the purpose
of taking into consideration the propriety of abolish-
ing Slavery on this Island, Major C. R. G. HODSON,
in the Chair, a series of Resolutions were framed and
to, having for their object the future abolition
aorgvery in that Island.
The first Resolution declared, that from and after
the 25th of December next, (being the Anniversary
of the Birth of our blessed Sitvioua,) all children
born of Slaves shall be considered free. The remain-
ing Resolutions relate to the mode in which this hu-
mane object may be secured.
They were afterwards presented to the Governor,
with the following Address:
" We, the undersigned Proprietors of Saves on
this Island, do fully agree to the foregoing Resolu-
tions, framed by our Committee."--The namesfo!low. •
TO HIS EXCELLENCY LZEUTENAXT-OENERAL sin HUD-

SON LOWS, !C.C.S. GOVERNOR, ETC. ETC.
" SIR—We, the undersigned, have the honour to
state to your Excellency. and Council, that we have
been elected a Committee by the general voice of the
Inhabitants, at a meeting convened at the Castle, on
the 13th instant, for the purpose of taking into con-
sideration the propriety of putting an end to the per-
petuity of Slavery, which has ever prevailed on this
Island, have, with the concurrence of the inhabitants
in general, resolved to propose to your Excellency'
and Council to make the 25th day of Decembn next
ensuing (being the Anniversary of the Birth of our
blessed Saviour, Jesus CIIRISTO the eta of future
freedom to all born on this Island ; and as some pro-
visions will he perceived to be necessary regarding
the support of the liberated children during their ten-
der years, we have framed Resolutions, which bear
the signatures of the Proprietors of Slaves, and we
have the honour to inclose them, and respectfully se-
quest that they may be made a law of the Island.—
At present, only one law regarding manumission
exists—which is, to require a deposit of £l6O for
each emancipated Slave. Many of us, and of those
who have departed this life, have, of course, been
prevented from thus rewarding faithful servants,
whose circumstances would not admit of such a de-
posit. We regret that the example of our fellow-
subjects in the United Kingdom, who, with the most
humane and disinterested spirit have moved the Le-
gislature in favour of the class of beings in the de-
graded state of slavery has not been sooner followed
by the inhabitants of this Island ; but we trust it will ,
not escape observation, that as soon as the wishes ef,
the Lords Proprietors were hinted at, through your
Excellency and Council, the inhabitants in general,
unhesitatingly and cheerfully, adopted such Resolu-
tions as we conceive consistent with humanity, and
to as great an extent as our circumstances enable us
to afford. In most families or. the Island, of what-
ever class, the household establishment is usually so
much dependent on the services of Slaves, that a sud-
den and total abolition would subject the inhabitants
to privations, losses, and expense, such as common
prudence forbids us to attempt: and at the same time
we have reason to believe, that as many of the per-
sons now Slaves, bred up under our roofs, supported
for a course of years with kind treatment and com-
fortable subsistence, many of them far advanced in
life, and totally incapable of earning the most trifling
subsistence, a general emancipation would withdraw
the sourceof their support, without advancing their
happiness or improving their condition. We there-
fore dutifully propose us make the abolition gradual,
which, in its issue, will be certain and complete.—
We beg leave to suggest to your Excellency and
Council, that in addition to the House of Correction
which you were pleased to declare to us should be
erected, and which we humbly conceive will be in-
dispensably necessary, an Hospital for the reception
of sick Slaves, free Blacks, and other indigent per-
sons, is most desirable. The necessity for this cannot
but be obvious to every person. It is impossible that
the sick can be so well attended in a private family,
and in most cases in confined and inconvenient habi-
tations, as they can be in a general Hospital, where
proper nurses and every other requisite can be pro-
vided, under the superintendance of a medical man;
and we have little doubt of the Honourable Court of
Directors sanctioning such a measure, and allowing
a medical man for that purpose, if the suggestion
meets the approbation of your Excellency and Coun-
cil, and is recommended to them. We are certain
that every master or mistress of Slaves will be pleased
to pay a reasonable tate per diem for the care, diet,
and medical attendance, of their sick Slaves, while
lodged in a comfortable Hospital; and we are all ready
to contribute something towards the erection of the
building—and we are happy to add, that we are ca-
pable of bearing part of the annual current expenses
from the funds of the Benevolent Society.— We have
the honour," &c.—Signed by Me Committee.

1,1
I
1
I
I 1
I\l
