VIENNA, Jums 13.

CONSTANTINOPLE, MAT 31.

I

Kling carried on some years ago in Jamaica. The
European trade will be destroyed, and the little com-
merce of Colombia with foreign nations will be con-
ducted through Kingston.

RETRACT 01' A LETTER IN THE ROYAL JAMAICA
GAZETTE, MAY 11. .

Los SLANOS, MARCH 28.—The Guatemala Army
bas taken San Salvador, and has sent five hundred men
to the province of Honduras ; the remainder match
into Nicaragua, to establish tranquillity throughout
the whole Republic.

By way of America, a letter from Vera Cruz, of the
30th of April, states that port to be blockaded by a
Spanish squadron.

The Gazette de France, on the authority of the Austrian
Observer, gives a positive contradiction to the statement
of a Treaty Offensive and Defensive having been con-
cluded between the Courts of Vienna and Turin ; as
well as to another equally false rumour of a Secret
Treaty having lately been formed between Russia and
Prussia.

We received this morning the Algemeine Zeitung to
the 19th instant. The intelligence it contains from
Constantinople is of the same date and of similar im-
port to that which we gave through theinedium of the
French Papers two days ago. It reiterates the state-
ment that the PORTZ has intimated its wish, through the
Minister of the Netherlands, to renew the negociations
with Great Britain and France, the Ambassadors from
these Powers being invited to return to Constantinople.
This news, it appears, has had a favourable effect on the
funds at Vienna, the people in that city being of course
the best judges of its authenticity. For ourselves, we
must confess, we have had so many conflicting accounts
through the same channel from that quarter, that we
are disposed to receive this statement with some hesita-
tion. The following are extracts :

The news the the Reib Effendi had sent written invitations to
the Ambassadors of England and France to return to Constan-
tinople, has had a very favourable effect on our Exchange, and the
Funds are rising.—Metalliques 92 5-16; Bank Shares 1,076.

The Reis Effendi has *sent to Baron Von Znyten, the Minister
of the Netherlands, and Baron Ottenfels, the Austria Internancio,
a ate addressed to the Ambassadors of France and England in
Cali, in which those Ambassadors are invited to return to Con-
stantinople to renew the former friendly relations between the Porte
and those Courts, to negotiate Concerning the pacification of Greece.
Though the invitation itself does not contain a formal acceptance
of the Convention of 6th July. 1827, yet as both M. de Canitz and
Baron Von Zuyten bad already represented to the Reis Effendi the
uselessness of an invitation without such an assurance, the measure
now taken, under existing circumstances, is the first official step
to the pacification wished for by the three Powers. It appears
natural that the'Porte, as matters now stand, has, notwithstanding
its long opposition. taken this way, which it perhaps judged to be
the least humiliating. The Reis Effendi, wbo war Advisecho 'end
to Corfu a similar intimation for the Russian Ambassador, an-
swered that the. forte certainly wished to live as formerly, in
peace and harmony with all Powers. From this and many other
circumstances, it is evident that oche Porte Is resolved to do every
thing to effect an arrangement with the Christian Powers. The
following circumstance may afford a remarkable proof of the toler-
ant sentiments of the present Sultan. The Greek Patriarch re-
ceived orders to read with his Synod forty masses to implore suc-
cess for the Ottoman arms from the GOD of the Christians, who,
however, are infidels in the ryes of all true Mussulmen. It might
be supposed that the Sultan had intended by this solemnity to assert
his right of Sovereignty over the Greeks, but as a similar order was
gives to the Armenian Patriarch, it is an innovation without paral-
lel in the Ottoman annals. The Manifesto of the Porte, in reply
tothat of Russia, provided with the necessary Tetwah, lies in the
°See of the Grand Vizier ready for publication : the Reis Effendi
sad as Dragoman, who has grown old in the service of the Porte,
ate saki to be the authors of it.
COREU. MAT 15.

The future political relations of Greece are still covered with a
kind of veil, and it would require more than prophetic spirit to
decide positively on them. The efforts of Ibrahim Pacha to main-
tain himself in the hltireathe inefficient measures of the Euro-
rein Admirals, which cannot defeat Ibrabim's intentions, indicate
a vacillation in the Councils of the Powers, which seems hardly
reconcileable with the Treaty of 6th July. The efforts of Count
Capo d'lstria to effect the. regeneration of Greece, are not likely
to attain their end, under circumstances of so much difficulty; for
the first condition to bring a country to civilization, must be sought
in the patriotism of the inhabitants, which can have no foundation
but in.coafornsity of manners, love of order, and attachment to
. t►e manna time, free from secondary objects.
_

The positive determination of the boundaries of Greece would
be very desirable at this moment ; fur the uncertainty in which the
Greeks are, both respecting the evacuation of their country by
tie enemy, and the ezhart of territory which they are in future
to call their country, is not calculated to afford a prospect of a to-
letable state of things among a people debased by slavery, and dis-
tracted by anarchy. Admiral de Rigny, who was lately at Egioa,
and went theoce to Samos, seems to have received some instruc-
tions from his Government erepectiog the future boundaries of
Greece, and he has acted accordingly; for he is said to have de-
clared to the President, that he considered Samos a part of the
Greek State. Several Greek Chiefs, including blavrocordato, are
said to be of a different opinion concerning Samos, on account of its
vicinity to the continent, to be one of the islands which should rather
be left in the possession of the Porte. Admiral de Rigny has, how.
ever, ordered some French men of war to offer protection to the
inhabitants of Samos. Count Cape &Istria appears to coincide with
the Admiral. MI the strong places held by the Turka in Levadia
arc said 4a be in want of p ro•isions, and it is hoped that the measures
taken by the P,resident will effect their reduction. Count Guille.
minor is still here.—Agerneine Zenon. Jane 18.

The Duke of Sussex ta"e a grand dinner on Sunday
at his apartments hi the King's Palace, at Kensington, to a distin-
guished party of the Nobility and Gentry.
Prince LEOPOLD cave a splendid and numerous dinner
party yesterday at Marlborough House, Pall-mall.
Sit Jim ti BECKETT enttrtaufied the Duke of Cwzßza•
LaND and a. select party to dinner on Monday, at his residence in
St rat ford-place.
The Piii,cess Aut;usrA and the Duchess of GLou-
cesTea. took an airing together yesterday, and paid a visit to the
I)uke of Susses, at his apartments in the King's Palace at Ken-
moron.
A Cabinet Council was held at three o'clock yester-
day afternoon at the Foreign Office. Downing-street. which was
attended by the Duke of ‘Vtimusrroo, Earls BATHURST and Ansa-
sent, Viscount MiLvatt.a, Lorti F.i.i.smaosovaii, Mr. Secretary
Pus, Sir Game Musaar. the Csiaza.isLon of the I/IC.III2MM,
and Mr. Hamsters. TM Niinieters remained in delitesation tiq
nearly Ave n'oluck.
'The Mat quis of Sik Laical: had an interview with
the Dube of Wzmiseetra yesterday at the :treasury.
Lord STUART Di RoTursisN transacted business with
the Earl of A eturnser-yesterday, arch* Otheief the Secretary of
Mate tee ledge Affairs.
