CALCUTTA, Inv B.
We are sorry to hear that sickness prevails among
our troops at Arracan, to a very considerable event ;
and that several Officers have fallen victims to the
fatngk fever of that part of the country. The weather
bad been particularly sultry, and the crapi•us rains said
to prevail on that coast at this season of the year, had
not set in with any regularity. It was hopei that on
their appearance salubrity would be restores!. Among
the casualties at.Arracan ate three Medical Gientlernen,
Dr. Cochrane, whose death has already been no:iced ;
Dr. Chisholm, of 42d Native Infantry ; and Mr. Jasper
Wilson. We are sorry to add, that by letters from
Chittagong of the Sd instant; several other Medical
Officers are said to be seriously ill. C rptain' Swan, of
the ship M'Naghten, has fallen a victim to the fewer.
JULY 9.—By letters from Ramoorpara, in Assam,
dated June 22, we learn that a detachment of 200
men of the 57th Regiment, under Lieutenant Kerr,
who has been with the Quarter-Master-General's de-
partment, at Suchlee,t, had attacked a party of Bur-
mese of about 300, just arrived from their own country,
and had completely defeated them. The Burmese
were under the command of the Rajah of Mogaon,
and losing a number in killed and wounded, they made'
their escape through the hills to the Eastward of Mu-
nipore. The defeat of this force clears the valley of
Assam of the Burmese, and has the further good effect'
of releasing some thousands of Assamese, who had
been carried away into slavery by the Sing Aloe, a
tribe inhabiting the hills to the S. E. of Munipore.
It is said that the gun-boats dispatched by Com-
modore Hayes have succeeded in discovering a new
navigable branch of the river Irrawuddy, which greatly
shortens the passage to Prome.
We understand that his Highness Darmadhu Rama-
eharee, who is Raj-Gooroo to the Raj2ll of Assam, ar.
tived in Calcutta on Sunday, 3d July. He has with
him a retinue of 100 followers. Darmasilm was the
person who made over Rungpore to Colonel Richards,
Slid who was of so Much assistance in negociatine
It*
mutters in Assam.—lndia Gazei4e.
Jam( 7.—Some of the passengers that Lave arriv
in t.:.e Fort William, from Rangoon, passed, on their
way clown the Irrawuddy from Prome, tt e Arracan
division of gun-boats, within two days sail of Prairie.
As these boats had not been heard of at Rangoon, it
was conjectured that they must have reached' toe I*l.-,-
wuddy by the Bassein branch, or perhaps by the brands
which Commodore Hayes supposes to fall into the bay
to the northward of Cape Negrais.
The deposition of an inhabitant of Prome, named
Hapown, was taken on the 26th of May. He stated,
that he had left Ava on the 7th of that month ; the
people were in a state of consternation at tt a news of
the capture of Prome and Arracan, and tl.e death of the
Mal:a Runilocilah. Anarchy prevailed. Banditti acre
formed. Tie King remained in.his palace fortifying
He had turumoncel nine Chiefs, to bring 4,000 net
