LONDON.

FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1813.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK,
Red. 571 58 51—Cons. OH 1 —foram 57U—Bds. par 2s. dl..
4 per Cent. 72if-5 per Ct. 87ii—Ontniutn Sinpr .
Bank Lg. Anns. I4l—Exch. Bill, par, 31. pr.

Paris Papers to the 17th have arrived. The minor
papers state, that the Armistice has been prolonged
to the Ist of September ; but the fact is not mentioned
in the Moniteur. From this circumstance, and from
a change announced respecting the day for the cele-
bration of the birth of the Emperor, which was or-
dered to be on the 10th in place of the 15th, it has
been inferred, by many, that the mentioned prolonga•
tion cannot be correct, and that, therefore, we may
expect a renewal of hostilities. Bit, independently
of any inference that may be drawn from the French
Papers, we have no doubt whatever, from the present
posture of the Continent, that the Negotiation which
has been commenced will be proceeded in, and that
there will be no more hostilities till every effort has
been made to restore Peace to Europe, and have beet,
found to fail, from the unreasonable demands of one
or other of the parties.
In the opinions we entertain at the present moment
we may appear somewhat singular, but history, the
best guide to probable results in all cases of political
difficulty, allows us to draw no other inference than
that the present Negotiations must, and will lead to
a temporary Peace. Ambitious Potentates never sus
pend hostilities while there is a hope of gaining their
object by war. When such men conclude an armis-
tice, and especially when they renew it, they practi-
cally confess, whatever different complexion their
speeches and public documents may exhibit, that their
means (at least for the moment) are inadequate to
their object.
Is a Treaty, concluded under such circumstances,
to be held as an entire abandonment of the contested
claims No, no ! But policy may for a time re-
press their desires to renew them. At the present
moment the enmity of NAPOLEON to Great Britain is
the principal bar to Peace. England has hitherto
baffled his attempts to obtain Universal Empire !
She has done more—ln a struggle of Finance she
has beat him ! His finances are exhausted ! Yes,
his finances and means are exhausted.

No other inference can be drawn from present cir-
cumstances...and therefore we are warranted in draw-
ing another :—•that there will be a Peace ; for the
aim of England has not been Empire, but Safety
Not the slavery, but the emancipation and security of
other States, and therefore she has no interest in pia
longing the war if the Arch Disturber will only be
at rest.

But what is to become of the most prominent
claims of the two principal Foes:—the Continental'
System of the one, and the Maritime ROI: of the
other j This question is already answered by the pre.
sent state of the parties. The one that has been foiled in
the struggle .tirusr give way. pa the first he•may re-
serve himself ft,r the future effort; of diplomatic
chicane and dishonest ingenuity to cheat us, in peace,
out of this part of the fruits of pur victory ; but the
other will be passed over in silence in the Mersa: nego-
tiation:.

There is yet another question; but, prominent and
useful as it has been on the theatre of contest, it is in
fact but secondary—What will become of Spain ?
If we form an opinion from the same premises that
have led to the preceding conclusions, we say, that
NamitoN will profess his abandonment of all designs
against ►hat kingdom. He will never, however, re-
linquish his designs upon it; but that Will be no far
to peace, far a time at least.
The report of general Racy respecting tjw pin*
'of St. Sebastian's, is A mull} f4irer iitatert* ;144 we
