IMPORTA NT WORKS,

Recently Published by LoNcu.sx, !Tuns; Rats, Oanz, ant
London.

1. A\ VOYAGE of DISCOVERY into the SOUTH.
LK. SEA and BEER ING'S STRAITS, for the PerpOse
of finding out a North-East Pae.sage, undertaken in the Years
181.5, 16, 17, and 18, in the Ship Ruck, under the Command of
the lieutei.ant in the Russian Imperial Navy, OTTO VON
KOTZEBUE. In three vuls. Svu. with numerous Plates and
Maps, price :2. ss. boards.
2. TbtAvnts in PALESTINE, through the Commies of Bataan
and Gilead, E..st of the River Jort'.lin : ine:uding a Vidt to the
Cities of Geraza and Ganuila, tte Om:polls. By J. S. Buck-
ingham, Esq. in one voL 4to. with Slaps, Plates, :4141 Vignettes,
price IZs. (id. boards.
a. The PRIVATE and CoNVIDENTIAL CORRESPONDENUF: of
CHARLES TALBOT, Duke of SHARWs3URV. Principal .11i::i.zer
King William, fur aconsiderable period of hi, Reign. By the
Rev. Archdeacon Coxe. In one vol. -Ito. just ruddy. With a
Portrait of the Duke of Shrewshus y, um an or'ziaal Painting,
by Sir Peter Lely.
4. The Seeetnes of the late Right Ilon. Ihtav GRATTAN.
Edited by his Son, Henry Grattan, E..q. In four vol:.. svu.
price. V. Bs. boards.

5. MALAY Amts; translated from the Malay Langtmge.
By the late Dr. John 'Alden. With an It.troduction. Br Sir
Thomas Stamford Raffles, F.R.S. &c. &c. In Bvo. price
tid. looirds.

6. A Voracia to. Arnie*, including a Particular Narrative of
an Embassy to one of the Interior Kingdoms, in the Year 18'20.
By Wiliam Hutton, late Acting Consul fur Ashantte, in Bvo.
with Maps and Plates, 18.. boards. •
7. A COURSE of LECTURES on Daawrso, PAINTING, at:tl
GRAVING, considered as Branthes of Elegant Edue.eiou. By..
W. M. Craig. Delivered in thz Royal Institution. In one vol.
Bvo. with Plates and Wood tuts, price 14s. boards.
8. An ACCOUNT of the INTERIOR of CEYLON, an of its Ti,h,a_
bitants, with Travels in that Island. By John Davy, M.D.
F.R.S. in 4to. with Engravings, 54-13 a. aid. boards.
9. Taaver.,s, in GEORGIA. Prost*, ARNIENIA, Arn.trN-r Baer-
LONIA, &C. &c. during tae Years 1817, iBlB, 1819,15...0. By Sir
Robert Ker Porte*, 45tc. &c. In Co. with numerous Et;gr.lvm-ees
of Portraits, Ctstumes, Antiquities, &c. Vol. 1. price 41. 14s. tit.
boards.-Vol. 11. ‘vivich complcub the Work, 15 nearly re.itly.
10. SEETCHES of Masstrus, Stmiritv, &c. in the I'uLNCII Pito.
viziers; with An Es.:-.ty on French Literature. By the l..tc John
Scott, Esq. Author of " The Visit to Paris," &c. Second Etli-
, tion, tiro. 14,. boards.
The THREE VOYAGER of CAPTAIN JAMES Cook, Romp the,
WORLD. Printed verbatim from the original Ltlit,ons, with En-
gravings. A new Edition, in seven vols. Soo. with Plates and
ips, 31. 15s. 6d.
12. Mr:motets-of th^ 11mm:emu Orivra Caomwri.r., with 0d.."
' ginal Letters, and other eantily Papers. By the late Oliver
Cromwell, Esq. a Descendant of the Family. In two vols.
The Second Edition, with Ss.: Portraits, mice U. Bs. boards.
15. The EXPEDITION of ORSDA ; ^nd the CREMES of Annus&
By Robert Southey, Esq. LLD. in 12mo. price ss. &I. boards.'
14. Taavris in the, INTERIOR of Bream.; with a particulaZ
Account of the Gold and Diamond Districts. By John Mawee
.linera!ogist. Second Ediion, illustrattd with coloured Plates,
and a Map, Bvo. price 18s. Na
15. Lee TURES on the Bole of ECCLESIASTIC& By Ralph Ward-
law, D.D. of Glasgow. In two vois. Bvo. price 18s. boards. . 4
16. The 11 m. of Ilammrst:rr, a Tale. By. Sir S. E. Urydgess
Bart. &c. &c. In three vols. 12ino. 13s. boards.
17. The Ilisroxv of the Rem!: of GEORC*_ the Tritai. By
Robert LLD. A new Edition, conii,leted lo the Death
of the King. Six voIS. Oro. 3.'. 3 !wards.
18. LET DOLS written during a. Tout through Nosmamv,
BR 11 TA Sv, and oilier Parts of PRANCE, in 1818. 14y Mrs. Charles
. . . .

Stvtturd. In 4tu. li::igravingA, After Dravrit;gs by Charles
Storlizrd, F.S.A. 2'. 1,25. 6d. boards.
19. I\l tross of the Itrsatatox in 1745 and 1746. BY the
Chevalier tle Johnstone, Aide-de-Camp to,Lortl Get rg blur!.
. . .

ray, Getirrai of the Iti.hri :truly. With Portraits ut b.th *l*
Pretzugi.r4 front origkilal Pictures. Svu, 131. Lioatilaa

~~~Z...
~t!'a~\

197141ef'L'1"A R.
OROI4 ZIOIItAZR :11% cloßrecLE OF THE 24TH OCT.
The public tranquillity was momentarily disturbed at Pam-
plona on the evening of the Bth inst. four of the rioters have been
taken up, and judicial proceedings commenced against them.
General Riego has addressed a Memorial to the Cortes, ex-
pressive, like the one addressed to his Majesty, of his wish to
be brought to trial. In answer to the latter, the Secretary at
War observed to the General, under date of the 15th of Sep-
prober, that no such demand could be granted, on a mere order
for the removal of an Officer from a military command, as his
iliajesty was fully empowered to issue orders of this kind with-
out the character of the dismissed Officers being at all injured
by the measure. To another application of the General, rela-
tive to his place of residence, the Minister answered, that the
epidemic having manifested itself in the neighbourhood of Le-
rida, his Majesty had no objection to his proceeding into any
part of the interior of Catalonia that he might fix upon.
PROM THE GIBRALTAR CHRONICLE OF OCTOBER 25.
This day's mail has brought a letter from Malaga, which re-
presents the yellow fever on the increase in that city.
The Spanish Government, finding that tobacco continues to
be publicly mid by unauthorised persons, and that one of the
officers had been insulted for advising them to conform to the
Decree prohibiting such sales, has directed all the Superior Au-
thorities in the provinces to use, in concert, allthe means in their
ptwer to put an end to what it terms so scandalous a traffic.
On the Ith inst. the Electoral Assembly met in the Saviour's
Church at Oche, and was forcibly dispersed by an armed band.
In Oribuela the &'rrilcs are also stated to have compelled their
opponents, by force of arms, to withdraw front the Ihll in
which the Elections were carrying on.
The leader of another armed band, called Orriols, puned down
the Constitutional-stone in Castella de Nohe, on the 27th of last
month, but the militia of the neighbouring districts having speedily
assembled in superior numbers, he was overpowered and put to
ffight, and,lt is added, that they read such a lecture to the inha-
bitants of Castella, that they are not likely to suffer themselves
in future to be led astray by such impostors as Orriols.

AMERICA.

PROCLAMATION OF 'THE MESSENIAN SENATE
(FROM TUB BOSTON DAILY. ADVEMSER). •
The following Proclamation, addressed by the Mes-
senian Senate, at Kalamata, to the Citizens of the
United States, has been sent in the original modern
Greek, and in a French translation, to a Gentleman
hi this town, with a request to have it published'and
circulated in this country. The letter in which the
Proclamation was forwarded cor`,...ins the following
r -marks :
" Humanity is expecting its revival from the New World.
But, however your example may suffice to others, we, in our
iresent straits, need also your aid. flow glorious will it be to
your country to co-operate in the work of liberation to the
(creaks, in which the other Powers have remained insensible to
the voice of justice, piety, and humanity ! The glory alone of
such a deed would be an ample reward. But the Greeks have
never shorn themselves ungrateful or wanting in the duty of
acknowledgment. And as they formerly crowned the friendly
titles with crowns of gold, and honoured them with precedence
at the assemblies and games, so they will again honeur and
c swvn their friends and allies."
This letter is subscribed by P. Epites, Deputy of
the Grecian Generals," and by A. Koray, A. Mgr-
Mies, and N. Pkkolo. The letter is in the hand-.
writing of Koray ; and is written from Paris. The
Proclamation is as follows:
" ei•izens of the United States of America!—ln taking the
resolution to live and die for liberty, we feel ourselves drawn to
ward you by a natural sympathy. It is among you, that liberty has
found her abode. and she is worshipped by you a' by our fathers.
In invoking her none we invoke yours; feeling that, in imitating
you, we imitate cur own ancestor:, and that we shall shew our-
selves worthy of them in proportion as we resemble you.
Thou; h separated from you. Americans, by mighty oceans,
we are drawn near to you by your virtues. We feel you to be
nearer to us than the nations on our frontiers, and we regard you
as friends, fellow-citizens, and brethren, because you are just,
benevolent, at
d generous. Just, for you are free —benevolent
and generous. for your laws are the LAYS of the Gospel. Your
freedom does not rest on the slavery of other nations, nor your
happiness on their oppression and woes. (In the contrtry, free
and prosperous yonrselvt s. you wish that all men should partake
these blessings, and enjvq- the rights which nature intended for all.
It is you who first asserted these rights, and you who have first
again recognized them, in restoring to the oppressed Africans the
character of men. It is your example which has led Europe to
abolish that shameful and cruel traffic in human flesh ; from you
that she learns the lessons of justice, and the.duty of reforming
her absurd and sanguinary customs. This glory, Americans, is
exclusively yours, and exalts you above all the nations renowned
for good government and freedom.
" It is now fcr you to perfect your glory, in aiding ns to purge ,
Greece from the barbarians who, for four centuries, have pol-
luted it. Surely it is worthy of you to discharge the duty of all
civilized nations, in expelling ignorance and barbarity front the
native soil of the arts and of freedom. You will not imitate the
culpable indifference, or rather the long-continued ingratitude of
some European nations. No—the country of Penn, of Franklin,
!lid of Washington, cannot refuse her aid to the descendants of
rhocion, Thrasybutus, Aratus, and Philopatmen. You have
already evinced your confidence in them, by sending your chit-
siren to their schools. You know with what joy they have been
received, and the steady kindness and attention of which they
have been the objects. If they have done this in bondage, what
will not be their triendship and attachment to you, when by your
aid they shall have burst their fetters? Greece will then offer
you the advantages which you would seek in vain from her ig-
lharant and ferocious oppressors. The ties of fraternity and kind-
ness will for ever unite the Grecians and the Americans—and
tor mutual interests are such as to strengthen for ever an alli-
ance founded on liberty and virtue. (Signed)
" Prrca NATIONICRALLS, Commander in Chief.
" The Messenian Senate of Kalamata.
" Kalamata, May-25 (June 6), ism."
Such is the Proclamation issued from that portion
of the Mores, which has ever been the least subjected
to the Turkish Government. The little town of' Ka-
lamata, standing at the head of the ancient Messenian
Gulf, and not far from the ruins of Messene, is sepa-
rated only by a brook from the province of Mama.
Of the Assembly convened at Kalamata, under the
same of the Messenian Senate, we have no satisfac-
tory information; the publication of a Proclamation
like this, and the mission of an authorised Ambassa-
dor to Paris, with his possession of the confidence of
the most respectable Greeks in that city, seem to au-
thorise us to attach some importance to the character
of the body in question. It may be inferred, we
think, from the Proclamation and the Letter from
which we have given an extract, that the Greeks de-
spair of assistance from the great Continental Powers
in their neighbourhood. We are at a loss to under-
stand that part of the Proclamation, in which America
is said " to have sent her children to the schools of
Greece, where they had been kindly received."—
Nothing occurs to us to which this can refer, unless
it be the circumstance that the American Missiona-
ries to Palestine stopped at Scio, for the sake of ac-
uh ing the language of theGreelcs, and were instructed
ope of the Professors in the Academy there.
