- ..
arcl:c 7,..,a.._„.
...,. "414 4,11T vobLccd, 141S01). *lone.
" , 4E;;V.3f. f-over: ealserr. YA Alit/lint. froin
(ii
i• la tee nose pa any !lung fardier#_,llitt tat,'
.ib the Ts'peii ,X,WhicitirVery tricheidual ist the Hooke,
'tied every individual in the country, inut warmly
coincide, namely, 1.) give every possible support too
the factitive Government in the great contest in
• which we are engaged. It goes no farther than to
rejoice at the forlinate, and to lament the unfortu- ,
Hate, occurrences of the last six months; to premise
every aid t that. ni
,I, lie necewatey to improve the
earner, to repair, lac lettere and to bring. the whole
to a happy issue. .SO:lais "Sir, I, trust that every
nun whohears me will ieose'and I am confident that an
incalculable majority of the country at: large are
Z 4 ,cithout the smalle.sudiesitation, tp.go.e--
r, it might have been thought,t-ff the Address
0000 by the Noble, y.oiel, howeeerAmexcection-
able in its general-principle, lead ;been alibied to as;
teßhout Comment or illustration, that ei*riian who '
*cured in it was boand,to the details es will as to '
• uneril principles, ...40 theta; all doubt wait isei.
' • ' on points whiels 'reqeuirecl. fu I:the! inforrna-
dee. It is Merely z doe sphlo..e--in -the,spleit-of
i owing tp guard niyfielf latest. finch 4a! ,sweep Fig
*,teeciesionsaod with 'he desire to interrupt unaatmny,'
• po toitili. diiiositiol towards the Adcfress itself,.no
-, epiety,,to pia, *OM present moment;
.inferfogntp.
nelenen points that, ip My eonceptiont require future.'
eineitiOen, that I Presame, . Sir, . to addreis Ton,
;id rOdetain yon , and "the House" TOr a shOrt time,
'white I explain my senti!nents on several of the to-
-1 pics eumprebended .in the Noble Lord's.Address.:—
Sh, the general view of our, situation naturally di-
vides itself into domestic and foreign; and the to.
reign.portion of that view . into' the contemplation
of three distinct wars, is which we are principals or -
accessaries.-11e first is the war in the North of
Europe, which we are cheering with our encourage- •
new, but of which we are deeply.hiterested specta-
tors rather than active partisans. The ' second is
the war in the Perinsula„caOied On principally from '
jur ov a resources, aided in.. sonic degree by.those
of oar allies. The third is the war with America, '
in winch we are solely engaged, and in the conduct'
At wbich, therefore, our Governaient is subject to'
:en exclusive responsibility.—With respect, Sit; to the
war iv the North of Dirope, it was well said by the
,Noble Lord who, spoved the Address, that it is the '
child of that great effort ila. the Peninsula which has
. waled Europe to reflect on its condition, and has '
rented it to a straggle for emancipation. (.1/ear, hear.)
. There can be bnt,pne feeling of unbou'ndecl ad a=
• hut at the great effort Which has been made by Rus-
e
.14a.r,ilieart hear) • .Noble,l3,as been the contest there
"-:even *beret. where the tyrant of the world dotal*
leislY anticipatOlineily victory, and concluded from
former iseettencee that one decesive battle would be
the precursor of an abject peacethere, where be
:thought he knew his man—there, where he forgot
• ;that a change of circumstances might rouse a Whole
',nein to contend with laim.there' .where imagining.
*that, having issued a-bulletin
_end taken a fort, his
:work was done, he Uperpeetedly fount( a countless
ppidation °Napped to the itathefprogress of his de-
,,fing ambiticnir--WhifeelaWe,hear.). siik there is
men why Can contemplate; the recent occurrences
the North of Europe without feeling his heat t burn
..s
'thin him. There is no man who can contemplate
..'them without rejoicing. at.the defeat of those p:inciples
• ..
,Of false philosophy which, having first misled the world,
4 6ave,at length deceived those by whom they were ori-
ginally asserted. The invader of Russia flattered him-
self, as the Nqblebiovex cif the Address has justly °b-
uffed, that a nation, to which he affixed the appella-
tion of barbarous, and which he imagined to be in a
:ccodition of slavery, could entertain no generous and
:,noble sentiment. He forget that there is in every
country a principle of instiuctive patriotism, which
prevails over the vice of positive institutions; for,
Sir, it is not true, aeit * beets for these last twenty
years so loudly asserted;.that before .die people of
any country determine- to resist an invader, they
coldly speculate on their, own stare, and eater into a
comparative view of their, condition, .and that, of 443 r•
rounding nations._ilier,
~)-Sfr, .the, invader
of Russia has tound thatahe physical feelings of, man,
his sacred attachment to hichomet the ties of cus-
tuns, of family, of .kindred, were ehough to arouse
resistauce to an ,invader, coming with promises of
freedom and improvement ; not because it was i.ria-
iued he raiglit noerealise those prcAnises, but simply
because he was
.asi inVader and aloreigoer.—(licers
Sri--r if this were to be the sole result of whirl
• has ieken place in the North, it. would be an iuvalna-
ble addition—or, rather it would be a reeiv..4l of these '
dent maxims of national indeeepdence, which the
convulsions of the modern world have althopet huriqd
• is obliviOn. But is this ell Z. Can any rP4rl :who
'looks at the Pneselg- condition., of BoriaPanas WI
•lGhat wonderful ability welter, be pay have rep
• Cued himself from
_former ..difliculties, perhaps 'as
- peat as . those-in •Whith he is now involved, and
r , I am sure kinn not disposed to deny him the pot-
session of great 'ability ; but, I etpear, ,cau Any man
, look at ,bis -present -condition, and ,so . dee:tile his
;feelings as not to entertain Koine hope of rants fa-
. yourable tee the-pause of Europe ?"1-lises4, is she I
view which L taita.of this part of the subject, and si
far as I can be apprised of the circurpst,nces, I give
full credit to Ministers for the conduct whist, it
semis they have . pursued towards Russia—a con.-
, duct influenced, as it appears tome, by the soundest
P9licl 44 far as it regards the commencement of the
trate and their intentions to give• to the Emperor
- Russia every possible aid -in the prosecution of
t• But, here, Sir, .a question arises, which t
do not wish mte` to *be answered, 'but respecting
Utica some future explanation seems t 9 be indis-
rensibk. How hes it happened, that having made I
fretties of Peace, upon which we are called upon
. to congratulate the-Prince Regent ; and having for 1
the last six. months heard notes of preparation in
every port of Sweden, that the power of Sweden I
has not beefs brought to bear in aid of the corn-1
. rnort cause, at a 'inornent ;a hen, if ever, the inter- ,
- position of a third' Power might have been decisive I
of the contest ? .To this question 1 do,not desire an
.;
• immediate reply ; but I cannot vote for an Ad-
• eiteSS containing a •congratulation on the conchs-
:ion of a Treaty With Sweden, and at the same
time observe Bonaparte' retreating, -and in a situ-
_ anon which an effective attack on his rear might
. render doubly perilous, without reserving to my- ,'
self the right of asking, at some future periodel
Ghat iinpcilia*_
PPYSted the, "i9PerAiN of

that it was
.wise. languige ; baring held it htiiv-
eVer, it behoved in tr. strain evety nerve in' the
Peninsula. Sir, while I cordially joiti hi .nilery
'ward of the• Address which congratulates his RoYal
Highness on the -splendid exPloits of our distinguished
army, and
.of .their gallant and imnitrtal leader id';
that country, I must shy that, when, in Suldition;
I am called upon to declare that the resat of those
brilliant exploits hes asatified the hope and.expecta-
ticns oI the country, I mustbar myself against being
supposed to concur in the interpretation to which,that
part of the Address is liable. Do I, therefrre, count
the victory of Salamanca ai nothing, even if its con-
sequences
terminated .on the 'plains upon which it
was fought t. Certainly' not. 1,„,wh0 held tip the
barien field, is it was called, of Talavera, to the ad;
miration of the country,. could scarcely be expected
to withhold my applause of that of Salamanca, even
had no result proceeded :tom it but the acquisition of
national glory. But, Sir, lam compelled to take a
differant view of the question, when I compare the
hopes which the victc of Salamanca inspired, with

.cony
the situation of our alF.sirs in the Peninsula, which
was presented to us at the opening of the present Ses-
sion. It is certainly impossible for any man not in
an official situation, and consequently excluded from
the molt authentic sauces of information, actually to
demonstrate that we could have made greater efforts in
'the Peninsular war, or, if we had made greater efforts
that they would have beton successfbl. On a former
occasibp;l studiously guarded tis !self against giving
a decided opinion that the scale of 0e war m the
Peninsula was not as great. as our means might ena,
ble us to make-it. But, Sir, thip I will say,•if there
be in the power of Minisiers•'ahy means yet -untried
—any effdrt yet unattepipted,-any resources jet un-
exPldred.y—any ACOmulation.of force yet omitted—
any increase of energy yet delayed—not only that
inch additional---- ought to be
_immediately

i~

litii ezertik ought to ant lely
made, but that it ought to have been made long ago.,
The caPacity.tO do more at present the test of the,
capaCity to have ,done more at a former period. If
a teinforoement can be'sent oUt now, the omit is on
Ministers' to prove tbat'it could not have been send
out before, If any measure can now be adopted by
-Which the...clispOsable.force of the country may be
atigmonted; the biarden Is on Ministers to prove that
Such a meoture could not have been ceiken'six monthi
,ago ; When; instead of retrieving reverses, it might
Aave ensured a continuance of success. If MinisterS
have it iu contemplation at present to call on the
country to make any extraordinary effort, why was
Nit tbat call mad'e in July last ? Le y was not

deci
although it may be accompanied with tenfold cdst,
is best calculated to advance the real interests of this
country. If, Sir, I feel this doctrine to be appli cable
so the contests in Russia, and in the Peninsula, how
much more applicable must I consider it to that third
contest in which we are exclusively engaFei--:-I mean
the war with America? I will not detain the Home
with expressing that which every man in the country
must feel in common with myself—an anxious wish
that two natious, bound by so many ties (.f consan-
guinity and ,interest, should remain in a state, not
merely of arhity,.but of alliance. hut, Sir, it is with
Atierio as it must be with other coun:ries, under si.
mita, circumstances. When once the die was cast, I
when once war became inevitable, it became us to be 1
prompt in our measures, and; by vigorous proceed-.
tags,, to bring the contest to a speety and successful
terruinatioq. The Address moved by the Noble
Lord states, that wz. 'learn rom his Royal High-
ness, that the Declaration of War by America,
was issued at a time when circumstances had led him
to hope; that the disputes between the two countries
.

tnigni be amicably arranged. If, Sir, the Address
bad stated that to be our opinion, I could not have
assented to it. We receive this opinion from his Royal
Highness, and we must presume, that be speaks from
sources of intelligence tint open to us. As far as that
ge.ieral observation, which all whcollear me are en.
enabled to make as well asmyself, goes, I must say,
that at the moment. when-the Tteclaratierrot War
reached this wuntry from America, I believe it
reached u. in the day on altieh the last Parliament
was prorogued. I, for one, did not entertain the
slightest expectation, nor was there on the face of the
document tbe least justification of any expectation,
that what had been dune in this country would
remove the causes which had induced America to
go. to war with us. For in that Declaration, the.
Fescindi of the Orders in Council which had

_ -
ti en insisted on in America, and still more:by those
who argued in favour of America on this side of
the water, were studiously postponed, and other
grievances advanced, which this country had not
taken any steps, and which perhaps we could not take
any steps to remove. If America -ever intended
to close with us on the Orders in Council, she evi-
dently reviewed that intention; and deliberately, and
ex anima, determined that she would go to war with
on, unless we made every concession that she d 6
emanded. It was evident, Sir, that the revocation
pf the Orders in Council could not be supposed, by
any rational mind, likely to restore peace ; and there-
Sir, until I obtain much better information than

ay was . _ the f re, ,____
lait Scssicin oi" the last Parliamoot prolonged for that of which I am at present possessed of, Imust
~
'purpose,. I cao, therefore, concur in the congratula- comes= to think that war was certain, and that all
tlon on, and bnplied ap,probittion of the conduct of thet remained to this country was, to determine how
the war in the Peninsula,. poly ean the understanding thaws could best be carried on. The best way to
'that it shall be hereafter sties n to the-House, that carry on any war is the way that will lead soonest
Government did not possess the means of making ro peace. Vigour, not forbearance, exertions to an.,
that little additiotjal effort, , which .seems alone to extent calculated to make the enemy feel and dread
have been wanted, in order to bring the contest t our power. 'Sir, I would go to the extreme verge
Itn a favoutable termination. In
.this view of the
• fit concession to preserve peace; but when the pre-
subject; the higher we estimate- Lord Wellington's seivation of peace becomes hopeess, I would not di.l
merit, and no man is disposed to estimate it more , lute my measures of hostility in the expectation that 1
bilfb4 than myself, the more must we regret any : such aregimen would be salutary : I would not make
misplaced economy, and shrinking frcm exertion war, which is naturally an acute distemper, a chronic
that had a tendency to cripple his means, and one, and incorporate it with the habitual system of
prevent him from attaining those important ob- the country--(Hear, hear.) This war with America,
Teets which his great mind had in contempla- which.vigour might soon have converted kit° peace, i
tion. It is difficult for any man not in office hag nursed up this petty policy until it is probably I
',to prove the affirmative that more might have fastened upon us for a considerable period. I will
done by Government in the Peninsula.— ask any man, whether, if two years ago, in the con.;
'But if 1 were put to the question, I must say, that temptation of a war with America, and with the con-
.t)een
Lin my conscience I believe •they might have dune sideratiun of the character, the might, and the gran-
[more. I believe that greater efforts might have been deur of this couutry, it had been prophesied to him,
lshade, and I believe, that if those efforts had been that after six months of hostility, the only maritime
ecsade, they would have proved eminently and con- trophies would be on the side of the enemy, and our
elusively successful. To those, ST, who habitually only consolation that we had not been conquered by
despond of the means and resources of the country ; land, he would not have thought such a prediction an
who think .that she has taken her stand too high insult 1 It is true, Sir, we have not been Conquered.
iniong the nations of the earth, aed that she ought in America by land. lam sure lam disposed to pay:
to retuin to her pre* level, shrink into her shell, my tribute of admiration to our gallant troops, and of
and avoid all attempts at foreign conquest, 1 may ex' regret for their heroic leader, with as much sincerity of
i pose myself to the imputation of insanity, when I feeling as any man ; for individual heroism and self-
talk of extending our military exertions. But I will devotion, under any circumstances, are glorious ; but
task those Gentlemen, whether it the efforts which we Sir, whathas happened is not a matter ofgreattriumpb.
have latai bee 4 making bad been-predicted tea years I really sever did suppose ribkt wg 05051.4 be on;

.

_ .
s. •., .. . .
beden, ivhicli it rlinriliwinkrildre*tiSilrirt• • it, llte SiefiVtieetY 4irisiti iii 4 64344 i. 004.1 iiiiia• it never itihiliti inie MY Mind that
• o.
.. .. •
pate, or iii Initiate wiiciOns to remove. Ido not lilaine with an air of absolute...lncredibility ? Sir, t ieve Should le compelled to seek for such a c.•risolation.
quire:• e treaty
—1 wish 'only to in seith,ttieden . that the resources of the countit, / believe that the It Deice entered into me Mind thAt the might' naval
is not before the House i t 'tie therefore argue upon , spirit or the country, are full n adequate to a Consi...power of England would be allowed to sleep while
It only from the general information respecting its derail* extension of the exertions that have hitherto i our comnierce *as Swapt from the surface of the
&tour, which every one possesses. But, Sir, it ought been made ; and therefore to justify my cordial con- ! Atlantic. It never entered into m: mind that at
not to be forgotten, whenever this subject may come currence in the approbation which has been done, I ' the end of six months wat with America, it woul.
to be deliberately considered in Parliament, that in must be satisfied that those iocreased exertions Chili be proclaimed in a speech from the Throne, tha
concluding this Treaty, the Court of St. James and not sooner have been accomplished. This at least the time was now come when the loog.aithl:eldi
that of Stockholm, did not stand on an exact footing ! is certain, that the imagination of man can hardly. thunder of Britain must be launched against an ;at'
of equality. We had a boon to grant, for which.: devise a situation of affairs in Europe so favourable placable foe, and the fulness of her power rah. ,
we bad a right .to expect an equivalent. In all 'to a great effort as that which has recently oc- bited. It never entered my mind that we slicur.
diplomacy, all pi times, the acknowledgment of a turned. Not. only since the commencement of the send a fleet to our ports in North America, and the.
new dynasty (to say nothing of an usurpation) present war, but since the commencement of the re. we should then attack the American town, with a
entitles to an equivalent ; and if the Treaty with volutionary war, the power of France was never so Rag of truce. I have said, Sir, and 1 repeat; teat
:Sweden simply restores peace on an equal footing, thoroughly occupied. Never has she played so . when his Royal Highness tells iis t .Ilb at tic period
'it Is an improvident Treaty; for the acknowledge. deep a game, never has her hazard been so mighty, of the American declaration of war, there were cif-
:went of a new dynasty, and incidentally of the never has her ruin been so near its accomplishment. cumstancea which led him to believe that peace
F?enehman who is now the Prince; clearly
,g!iee to —While the strength of France was withering in the might be restored; it may be that ileac circum-
Ithis country a right to demand•an equivalent whin- North, .oh that we had the means of pushing to a stances were of a nature of which we anti the public
rage. What that advantage ought to have been successful extent the efforts which we must now are wholly ignorant, but which in du. time may,
II will not' now say, but I .contend that we • ought - make to retrieve disaster I With such a General, perhaps be discloseci, and may then bear out such a
to' have obtained some advantage, *ln Wail* sat and such a cause, what might we not have justly ex- belief: But certainly, on the face of the American
the'conduct of the war in Itusait,,as arising' out of petted !—a General of whom it is not too much to declaration, any man must observe a studied nand to
and 'ectiedutageel by the War' ia. thel'eoinseta, the , say. that whatever might have been the means ea- prevent pacification, or at least to defer it ; and as to
view of ft so 'properl.y taken by the Noble'Lordr,a trusted to hime they would have been used with the Canada, the desire entertained by the Anaricaa Gu-
(*esti eonitderation-Isi imkeiied upon us. Hitherto greatesteffect—Whitever the scope *opened to him vernment to possess that prov.nt.: is !set much frown-
ive 'hare carried on the war in the Peninsula with no .en the theatre of Europe, he would have tilled with ed upon, even by 'those Americans who are theleaat
MUNI to any Other nations than those which inha- • glory to himself and his country—(Hear, hear.)— disposed towards this country. As an additional
hitidlhe 'Penittiula itself. But if, on the faith of our a General, of whom it is not tco much to s.,y, that prooi of the true tone and character of the Apical-
eonthinilig Mb efforts iri the Peninsular the Russians • looking at what he has already done, no one can deny can declaration, let it not be forgotrCri, Lhat imam-
hive began* 'their war in the North, then we are that, with a comparatively small increase of force, diately after the promulgation*ot it an Ambassador
bound to consider them no longer as separated from 'he might have occupied Mad: id, not merely as the to France was appointed, who traced the steps of the
'the interests of Portugal ancr-SPain, and our obliga. • cart-011*y, but asahe centre of his uperaions ; that Gallic Conqueror through the realms which he had
tions accumulate to prosecute vigorously a contest on he might have carried his army not merely to the devastated—an Ambaso.dor,heanng the homage of a
'the faith of' a continuance of which Russia involved .Ebro but to the Pyranuees ; and that considei ing the Republic, to sign, amidst the (lest: uction of sloscow,
Iterself in hostilities-with • Frante. • Judging, Sir, ' present state of France, and the general discontent a treaty inimical to the i udepeodeuce a.t- Opstin 11.-
'from what hat occutred, I uhequivarcally approie the - teat mast pervade that country—considering the When such was the effect of republican virtue ..actiose
language whichhatbeen held towards Russia. I ' situation of Bonaparte, met by an unexpected and of liberty, faint were the hopes that could be &wished
believe our gonitniment has said tome Court irf St. i unprecedented rebuff, the Russians clasping round of a disposition on the part of America tb conciliate
Peterehurgh,-" if you engage in
.4 war with France , and gradually diminishing his famished legions, he Great Britain. Much has been said of the natural af-
'with' a *kw to your own interests, we will help you' might have advanced to .the boundaries of Spain, fection that ought to subsist between the two cowl-
as to' as.we may be able ; but depend not tin our di.: and overlooking the French provinces, becoming tries: Sir, I admit the force of common blood, of
reef and immedliteraid. Our
.principal earn! must : insuigent, have given the watch-word of liberation common interests, of common language. But we are
bet madein the Peninsula, and in making them there ; from oppression.--(Loud cries of Hear, hear.)— told by natural hiitotians, that affection descends;--
we Shall do more towards Your assistance. than by j —At an events, Sir, this is clear—that economy that parents love their children more than children
atof pecuniary or military support &ware sheuld be *in war, which restricts and husbands our efforts, is love their parents :.and I put it to those who, in this
able toafford You." That! *take, Sir, to have been the. worst description of economy; and that a great • country, speak of America with parental affection,
i.ae•langeage held to Russia.; and if so, I contend, ! exertion, tending to a sudden i :Won of the contest, whether they do not count a little too much on
....

a reciprocity of feeling on the part of America .
—Before, however, I leave the subject of Canada, I
beg leave again to guard myself against the possibi-
lity of being so misunderstood, as to be supposed ca- i
pable of undervaluing the heroism there displayed—
the allegiance which remained proof against all temp- .
tation. Let me also (adverting to a Vote of Parlia-
ment last year) remind the House, that these I'ro-
vinces of Canada, so assailed, and so attempted to be
seduced, are the single specimen in the British Em-
pire., in which the Catholic is allowed to legislate side
braide with the Protestant in the House of Assent-
blY, and to fight side by side with Lira in the -field.—
(Near, hear.) Sir, from this fact, I draw this infer-
ence; if we cannot become wise from our own rea-
soning, let us at least derive a lesson of practical
wisdom from the conduct of those whom we unani-
mously admire.—(Hear, hear, hear.)—For this sys-
tem of forbearing war, of mitigated and Iralt,afraid
hostility, we are told there is a two-fol.! reason. We
are told that we have friends in America whom we
should endeavour to conciliate by mildness, and

that we should be careful w put ourselves, and to
slew ourselves completely in the right: No Man can
subscribe more readily then I do to the latter propo-
sition. Snmuch so, indeed, that I confess, I should
contemplate the most splendid victory that ever de-
corated the historic page with little admiration, if it
were gained in a canse manifestly unjust. It also
may.be wise to give that preponderance to the party
in America—l will not call it English, for that would
be unjust.,--good Americans, who love their coon-
! try, and who maintain the opinion that an alliance
with England is preferable to an alliance with
France. Besides, Sir, are we sure that by this
mitigated hostility we are .really playing the game
of the party friendly to us ? I doubt it. If I
imagine a country divided into parties, one of
which predicts the evils that must fodow

hostility
with England; I cannot conceive a mode better cal-
culated to..diminish the influence of that party than
by making the hostility, when it does come, harmless;
thus rendering the prophets contemptible, Sand en-
abliog those opposed to them iii politics to appeal to
experience from their forebodings. But is this an
ideal picture ? I found the other day the report ofa
' speech made by one of the party in America, whom
we are told we ought to conciliate by forbearance..
This Gentleman (General Gcrman) endeavoured to
deter his countrymen from war, by an anticipation
of the evils which Grept Britain could inflict upon
America the moment that war was declared. In
an Address to the Senate he observed—" that the

.1

lira consequence of the maritime superiority of
'Meat Britain would be the loss of New Orleans,
from -which the English could not be dislodged
without a great sacrifice of blood and treasure : that
they might then pass northward along the American
coast to Charleston and Norfolk r"--(-and he asked,.
" if they thought it possible to defend those
places, or that they would not be in the possession
of the English in six days P' He assured the Se.
nate, that if they calculatd on the forbearance of
the English, they would be deceived ;" and went
on to ridicule the idea, that, after the step of de.
daring war had been taken, any thing would post-
pone the vengeance of Great Britain. The step has
been taken, and the prophet can be no linger re-
spected. He is lost to us to any useful purpose.
—Every one knows, that the inconvertiencies which '
it is in the power of an enemy to inflict, on -the
breaking out of a w. u. frequently retard that event.
These inconveniences have passed by, and America
has less reason to wish for the discontinuance of hos-
tilities. if, however, any man can thew me, that
six months spent in impotent hostility, and that so
negotiate with an enemy's Beet instead of cap
it, are the modes of malting a cause just, I
to such proof. But, Sir, if it be so very d
to put us in the right on this question, sure= •
was a shorter way. The declaration (4 war ea die '
part of America was received about the end of kap
It imputed to us, besides the Orders in coma: • ,
(which have been sufficiently discussed here to rest-
thr any farther.observations upon them name/miry),
other substantive grounds of quarrel ; whick.46.•
!owl im the, face of the world sod of posterity

• mi
