lIPERCH FROM Till THRONE.

The SMAKEK-1 hays to acquaint the Home, that this
flows. has beet to the Hues, of Peers, and !ward a meet gra.
cious Speech from the 'flume, of which I hold is my Mod a
copy, and which ,isl k the permissiou of the House, I will read.
1 he *welt hawing beet read (for which see the Lords),
LIM(' VALBTOKI' rase tee the purpose of
movbsg an Address, to thank his Rayal flighoe.s
for the must gracious communication he bad made.
On this occasion he telt it was not necessary for him
to enter into any details. We could not but recol-
lect the events of the I= year, which were too' con-
siderable 1:0- be easily firgotten. The great and im-
portant objects for which we had so long contended,
had in !haled: just ended been brought to their eon;
Summatiool ;.iod that odious mibtary despotism
Which hod no long reigned paramount over nearly
the wholiof tamps was now no more. It bad been
succeeded by peace and order ; and under the restored
reigns of the former legitimate monarchs, general
tranquillity was gradually gaining ground, which
there was every reason to hope would be permanent,
!not merely from the sense of self interest which the
people had in mintalniog it, but also from a recol-
'cotton of their vete and unprecedented sufferings.;
The next subject to which be should draw the atten-
tion of the House, as mentioned in the Prince Re-
gent's most gracious Spaeth, was the glorious vic-
tory we bad lately obtained in the Mediterranean.
It was well known that for too long a time this coma-
try and all the rest of Europe bad suffered their flags
to receive with impunity the t insults and out-
rages from the barbarians Algiers, and the other
nests of pirates on the coast, who had to ages car-
ried on a regular system of slivery, till at last, as
he had always thought would some day or other
happen, the honour of Europe felt itself 'impli-
cated in the transactions, and bound. to put an end
to Mein. This Government happily deemed it pro-
per to take the lead on the occasion, and convince
the tyrant, 'that* betas= necessary to make bins feel
that a conduct do mffrageons, so destructive of all
the rights of humanity, could ao longer be suffered
to paw unnoticed or unpunished. Well and nobly
did we plan andArnish out an expedition, which the
consummate skid and valour of Lord Exmouth and
those under his command had brought to such a glo.,
rions conrissiop. besides the punishment of destroy-
ing his Son and batteries, a personal atonement bad
been exacted
,fissoi the Dby, and a covenant bad barn-
entered into thm slavery should be for ever abolished.
This codotry had not only been the main cause of
effecting such a happy and unexpected event, but bad
also beta histronsental in inspiring noe of its brave
allies to take a part, nobly indeed sustained, in the
warble. He knew that many people *ere of *-
akin; that when a fit opportunity offered, the Day
would tsar hesitant to bask through dal wattl be
had sutured into; bgt the rowers who bad, through

our instruntentalit adinbined to present his testes.
of outrages; wail" fil's euficieot cheek to preeeek
him from any Mkt bounce of aggressitins-
-W•th respect to die late war in India, it Aii sot
consnienced till forbearance could no longer be Vas
dined. It was not caused by any solitary act of dig
expected (Sewage, but by a eerier of eombinationi
and iistasions ; and instead tif lenity and forbearance
having the desirodeiect, they seemed only to infhme
the desires of the enemy, and stimulate them to new
aggressions; and it WAS not till the !asset of the
people, and the destruction of whole province* called
aloud for nor interference, that Lord Hastings (the
lEarl of *lies) could be induced to resort in arms to
put an end' to the career of the marauders. He wel
son the House must duly appreciate the Noble laord'e
exertions, and particularly his judgment in the seleoi
'inn of that great and distinguished Officee, Sir David
Ochterlony, by whose valour and ability, tianquillitY
had been soon restored, and attangetisente made to
secure our interests for the tutore in that pert of out'
immense possessions. With respect to the declare:
tion of hit Royal Higlities., that every Erfurt would
he made to effect ecouomy and retreschnsent in the
'bitten% departments of the Government, lie-thenght-
alte House ought to return thahks to hirltoral /lei!:
retitle ibis point. .It must certainly be the desire df •
that Home to relieve as stau,•h- as *possible the bur.
slums of the ptople, yet we must consider, that we
have a Government to keep up, as a safeguard td'
the Coostitution, on the peselyation of which de•
pended not merely the receipt of the public revenue;
hut the suzcess of thewhole trade and comnaltre. of
the country. Hee therefore, trusted Ministers would
do their duty in protecting the Constitution t for it
had beet truly observed, that there was anithisg so
lexpensieJ as weakness, and nothing so prodigal as
ilaectriity. For his own part, he hid :the strengeln
coofiele,ice in the wisdisai of the Hoe* and wasted
they inteildieilaietir'aistanee• for plaeMg tb..1114
'-naneeeuf the Cenititritll6 as broad a basis a. .
be found consistentswitathe pnblicaecurity. Midi
veslieet to the ailikfilt 'the revenue, however much
1 this•was a schject th be regretted, he did not think
that the material decline-in the receipts fist so short a
period hid been cause* by the general pees -use an
..
.deeply felt and complained of. Was it from a deft. •
ciency in only three qoarters.of a year that we were ea
justified in preptieseing the coral tuin and hankreptcy
of the countty ? This, ind••ed, was a glernny pro-
phesy that had been forced upon oar ears ; but no
rational persons could despair upon such shallow and
trivial gioands. But if we acted with lhe same firm-
ness and perseverance as we bed don; throughout the
last grand contest, we shuttle risellOwoot-of Al the . •
difficulties that seemand 'hex/fib at much stfeeeisiti '
we did then: ' lid feirarlOwn eae.er iatu ittejetteell hi
as to the cactis. of thitfresent distiei% Omit tehtch[ .
there was a elleersitf of opinions ; , but he should
merely state a few of the camel which may hay...leaf
to it. One of the* was the ridden teantitiottefe6Yi ' .` .
-a-atata of screen war to one of • profound ..peett/24 ' ' -....2
This naturally led to a great sta4nation in all the
trades connected with military enatpment. To sheer .
how ;neatly this stagnation must have been felt} he '...- .•
need only advert to the immense etpendittne enterer- - ~ •
sarily occasioned in the' last year of the war. fit' '.. '•• •
did not know that lie wis exactly correct, but he
thought that he might state it at 120 millions. la
the following year it was only seventy minims; so
that it followed that no less than between 40 and 40
millions had been withdrawn from circulation, which
had been previously distributed among the industrious
and labouring classes of the community, who were cons
sequently left without any present means of gaining
a livelihood. Another cause was the loss of that
monopoly of commerce which we had possessed din
ring the war in every put ot the globe ; and there.
sent declining state ot capital all over Europe wet
most unpropitious to its revival' . This had naturally
and materially increased our distresses, and such
were the most material of the causes that had occa•
'stoned them. Still there was no doubt that we should
'gradually recover from our present situation, and we
'should be him to the country and to ourselves if we
omitted to reflect on the series of precedents which
history furnished of similar distresses at the end of
long and expensive wars, but from which we had
soon happily emerged, as he trusted we should shortly
do at this crisis. There was another topic which be
coaled not but mention. We had all lately seen a
spirit of rancour and mischief propagated amongst
the people at public meetings, which could not but
be infiititely dangerous. The Parliament were re-
presented as sanctioning oppression, and the
.people
were told that they had the remedy in their own
hands for their distresses, if they would unite againtt
the Representatives of the Nation: But the House
would recollect that such language was the order of
the day, which led to the distress and anarchy in Ire-
land that terminated in rebellion. He trusted, how-
ever, that the House would not be wanting to pre.
test its privileges, and with them the Constitution ;
and as they have the power in themselves; so he
hoped they would have the resolution to enforce it,
and defeat such odious machinations. There was
one part of the distress of the country which arose
from an increased demand for agricultural produce,
while there was a diminished demand for agricultu-
ral labour. In such a ease, any loan possessed ' f
capital would employ himself in finding out new
sources of emplayment for the people; but if the se-
curity of the country were suffered to be endangered,
' ',try prudent Min would draw his capital away, and
plaice it where it would have the probability of being
safe. The House had, this Session, a most delicate
and arduous duty to perfotth. The eyes of the whole
century were fixed on them-•(fteer, her, heer,)—
and Ife trusted they would lay aside all party preju-
dices, sad enter into a full and critical examination
of the actual state of the kingdom, not only at home,
but with respect to sue relations with foreign powers.
Thus we should infallibly seseeed in preserving that
Constitudoe which still remain unezcelled and an.
WOW, the wonder sad the envy of all civilised
