SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 15, 1831.

N. 13,914.

PAPER HANGINGS ON SALE AT RE DUCED

_
PR ICES.
CHATER respectfully informs the Public,
that he has an excellent assortment of PAPER.
HANGINGS of superior quality, &c. on Sale at the fol.
lowing low prices :—Bed-room Papers, from 34d. per yard;
Parlour, ditto, 44d ; Passage and Stair-case, ditto, 3ed ;
Marble, ditto, M. and 61 ; Satin, Flock, and other Papers
in proportion, at No. 160, Fleet.street.
N.B. Men sent out to work, &c.

NITATTS'S CHLORATE MATCHES, or
LUCIFERS, CAMPHORATED. CHESIL
CAL SULPHURED MATCHES, and FIRE BOX
Manufacturer, /Lc-
G. F. IVATTS, Chemist, &c. having been, for the last
eighteen years. the principal Chemical Match and Fire-box
maker in London, recommends to the Public the following
articles of iris own manufacture which certainly may be re-
lied upon. The number of bad matches foisted upon the
public, makes it imperative on him (0. F. NV.) to notice
this publicly, as it tends to bring the manufacture of these'
articles into discredit—and having hitherto enjoyed a great
reputation in his art, he is unwilling to lose it, being con-
vinced that the way to obtain public patronage is to deserve
it; and, therefore, if any article of his should, by possi-
bility, not give satisfaction (but which, from his care, he
thinks only possible), be should feel obliged to any party to
apprise him of it, and i: shall be immediately changed._
It is with great satisfaction G. F. W. can recommend the
under-mentioned article, which is perfectly independent of
acid in producing combustion, and is free from the least
danger in its construction, and consequently is to be pre-
, ferred as well on that account as for its superior cheapness.
The great merit of this match also consists in its simplicity,
as it is never out of order, and is sot affected by climate.
' This cannot be said by any other match which depends on
the aid of acids for its combustion, as the bottle which con-
tains it may, from neglect in not attending to the corking of
it, become weak or divested of its properties to burn the
match, however well the snatch itself may be manufactured.
It is, then, with great pleasure G. F. W. recommends this
unique article
WATTS'. CHLORATE MATCHES, Price Is. a
Box, and upwards, being an important discovery, for oh.
raining instant light through the agency of sand paper
only, and takes fire upon having an envelope of this paper
rapidly passed over it, compressing the thumb and finger
sufficiently, without pinching it. Boxes for the pocket,
the office, or the drawing-room, made expressly for
this match, the lid of which immedately falls down after a
match has been taken front the box, which prevents the
possibility of an accident, if a person should inadvertently
drop the lighted one, are now ready for delivery ; and will
be found very desirable to every gentleman who wbhes to be
independent of a waiter. %Vith his pi!te, or his cigar, or
npon his dressing table, he meets with a friend in his
Chlorate Match, that, in one instant, may dispel the dark.
ness of night, and the next favour him with the perfume of
his favourite Havanuab.
G. F. W. informs the public, that he continues to make
CHEMICAL MATCHES and FIRE-BOXES, in au 1
their usual varieties. Those Ladies and Gentlemen, who
bare been accustomed to use Chemical Matches with Lottles,
will find at his house a plentiful assortment. If the Chlorate
Match be the King of Matches, for its simplicity, and never
being out of order by climate, G. F. W. has the Queen to
match him, where the aid of acid is the agency of com-
bustion—in 4

WATTS'S CAMPHORATED MATCll.—.This in-
comparable Match is distinguished for its brilliancy and
certainty of lighting ; and upon burning, emits a fragrant
perfume. It is on this account admirably adapted fur the
toilette or boudoir of any lady. This very beautiful Match
may be had in boxes io a great satiety tastefully made,
and fitted up with the bottle fur the acid, &c. &c. He also
recamatends

....
WATTS'S CHEMICAL SULPHURED MATCH.
—This Match is equally useful with the others, and from
its cheapness way be considered, perhaps, better adapted for
common use. These Matches are perfectly safe ; the agency
which causes combustion being kept separate from the
Match.
They are to be had at No. 6, Anderson-place, Cornwall-
road ; and at veal respectable Chemist's, Tobacconist's,
&c. in the United Kingdom.

MARK STEVEN FIELDING, Surgeon, late
JUL of Godmanchester, Huntingdonshire.—Any person
who will be kind enough to send to Mr. Owen, No. 12,
Castle. street, three doors from Bear-strset, Lelcesswt.equare,
the present address of the said M. S. Fielding, it will be
received with thanks.

To he LET, together or separate, THRES GOOD
HOUSES in one of the best situations at the w* end of
sewn, and one in the Strand, suitable for any business ; one
has been In the l) star and Chop line for many yews. Like-
wise, a House in the Country.—would suit a Medical Man,
having been Four Years in that line.—May be envied upon
immediately. To view them, apply as above. If coin-
.
municatioa by ktter, to be post paid. • ;,
_

PRICE SEVENPENC E.

Upper Tharnes.street, merchants—J. Coker Ind W. Watson,
Narborouch, Norfolk, coal-merchants—T. Potter and S. V.
Bailey, Manchester, calico-dealers—W. Smlilt and W. D.
Hall, Manchester, merchants—R. Crabtree and J. T.
Alleock, Hales worth, Suffolk, attorneys.

EMPFR 1, 13.% iZ TAAMENT.
DOUSE OF LORDS, Ocl. 14.

Lord OODERI CH presented petitions from Harrow and
Aldbormigh for Parliamentary Reform.
Lord WiIARNCLIFFE presented a 'widen against the
Worrington Railway Bill. sLit b, it appeared, bad not been
reported by a private commuter.
Lord LILFORD spoke in favour of the bill.
Lord KING presented a petition from the Norwich Po-
litical Union, foe the repeal of all taxes un knowles4ge. Abe
a petition for the abolition of slavery.

POOR EMPLOYMENT BILL.
The Duke of RICHMOND moved the second reading of,
the Poor Relief Bill, which was accordingly read the sc.]
eond time. His Grace then, in pursuance of notice, moved
the suspemion of the standing orders, which do not allow
a hill to go through more than one sts4e a day.
The bill was consequently commit.ed, read the third ti.t,e
and passed.
Lord AUCKLAND pursued the same course with the
bill regulate duties on goods imported at Barbadues trout
America.—lt was read the third time and passed.
Earl GREY laid on the table papers relating to Portugal.

BANKRUPTCY COURTS PILL.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, he had a petition to
present from several mercantile persona in the city of Lon-
don, praying the Bankruptcy Coons Bill might pass into a
law. He could not avoid taking the opportunity to state to
their lordship, that he had heard, with great concern, some
misrepresentations. Cecile had been made elsewhere about
his motives in bringing forward this bill. It had be, a said
by some, for whom he had the highest respect, that it looked
as if he were snatching at a retiring pension of six thousand
pounds a year, and immense patronage. The bill would
abolish seventy places to the amount of 35,0001. u-year. be-
sides sinecures to the amount of 14,0001. a-year, so that he
had effected a reduction in patronage. He had abandoned
the patronage and emoluments with which Lord Tharlow,
and others who bold the great seal, had provided for their
families ; but then it was said he exercised a ems-
troul over the bar. Ile bad no controul beyond ihe
means of securing prompt decisions upon legal proceedings.
He had not more than eleven places at /us disposal, and
those he did not consider patronage. So little did he care
for them, that it was a matter of indifference to hint
Cher the persona were appointed by the Lord Mayor and
citizens of London, or any other body. He did not eve for
the patronage. To the charge that be had a most anxious
desire that the bill might pass, he should plead guilty. It
had been said that he carried the measure.: of reform
the law against the wishes of his colleagues; but he spoke
in the presence of some of those colleagues, and he
would say, that every measure that he had yet brought
forward had been cordially approved by all of them.
There never bad been one thing proposed by himself that
he did not explain. He had gone into details with his
colleagues. He had gone over the most minute parts of
the Bankruptcy Court measure, and had never met with
one tittle of opposition from his right honourable friends
in his illajesty's Government. (Hear.) It had been said lie
was like Cardinal Wolscy, but be would assure the home
that he no ?WC; resembled him in his politic%l or judicia!
character, than he did in his religious one, lie was asto-
nished to observe, by the newspapers, that on the op,ning of
thq another Houle, clauses w..rc introduced for com-
pensation, not only to Lord Thud*, and the Cirnmir-
eioners, but to the Lord Chancellor. He was not aware of
the Intention of introducing such a clause, and it was againel
his with—not that he meant he should not be compensated,
but he did not wish to clog the Bill with any such clause,
as he felt extremely anxious for the ?Recess of the Bill
alone, and would leave the question of compensation to tile
Charcellor until a future Session. Ile did not,howevn, con-
cei^e but that he ought to receive compensation, as he had
reduced his salary from about 15,0001. to 7,5001. and in
in justice to those who might come after him, he thought
!introit bound to ask for compensation. Ile should look to
the justice of the eouotry at a future time, beeline he knew
there would be no desire, in Parliament or out of Perlis-
ment, to let the Lord Chancellor's place be a loot to the indi-
vidual who held it. He was anxious the Bill should pars.
because he knew the advantage which would result from it.
lie might say, he felt a desire for Reform in the law that lie
would not relinquish but with his life. He was, therefore,
most desirous to have his law reform made law of the
land.

Earl GREY presented several petitions for reform.
The Galway franchise bill was read a third time and
posed
The arms (Ireland) bill was read a third time and passed.
