HOME AND ITS REMEMBRANCES.

This is the spot to memory dear,
That tells to me a pleasing story,
For here I shed my earliest tear,
Here smiled in childhood's gayest glory !
Here a fond mother's gentle sigh,

In fearful fondness o'er sae flew ;
And here a father's anzhots ere►

Watch'd every feature a► it grew!
Hero youth and manhood anark'd my form ;
And love my bosom first invaded ;
Now, though 1 bag have lwav'd life's storm,
find reeeseenbrance noes are faded !
Returning thus when years have fled,
Though much of sorrow's mingled in it ;
Though Memory mourns o'er friends long dead,
Yet it is Feeling's proudest minute !
The tree, the hill, the stream, the cot,
Where first my infant form was cherl,h'd,
All bring to mind my former lot,

AU call back joys I thought had perish'd !
Cemented with my trilling store, •
Here may I close my days in peace;
Here may I rest, my wand'rings o'er,
Mil life and all its cares shall cease

MILITARY ANECDOTE.

The late Russian Field-Marshal BARCLAY DE TOLLI,

was of Scottish descent, and was no less an ornament
to military than civil life. The arduous duties of the
soloier never made him forget the milder, but no
less imperious obligations of the man and the Chris-
tian. Soon after the memorable campaign of 1812,
when the Russian troops were pursuing the flying
enemy, the Field-Marshal, standing one fine morning,
earlier than usual, at the window, enjoying a deli-
cious prospect in the city of D—, he overheard the
following short dialogue between the centinel at his'
door beneath, and a poor discharged invalid soldier :
Invalid.—Good morrow, Comrade. Is his Excellency stirring
yet, think you ?
CcatineL—l hardly think be is; but what's your business with
ham?
Invalid.—l would make bold to hand him this Petition.
Centinel.—Don't you know that we've strict orders not to let
any one in with Petitions ?
Itrealid.—l am sure his Excellency would assist tee, being per-
sonally knows to him since the battle on the Do let
me in ? see how the French rascals maimed me .I'm a cripple
for life.
Cestinel.—Wen, go In ; I shall pretend I didn't see you.
Thus-saying, the brave centinel, walked up and down
on his post, and the invalid hobbled in at the open
gate at fast as he could. But how to get an interview
with the Field-Marshal—this puzzled the poor fel-
low not a little ; he had passed the foreports, it was
true, but was still very for from head-quarters. In
this dilemma he was half alarmed and half rejoiced to
hear the Marshal, in a thundering voice, call out to
his ordinary to bring up that invalid and the centinel
at his gate. In an instant both stood before the noble
warrior—the one confident of relief, the other no less
sure of punishment. " What does this mean," cried
the Marshal, addressing the invalid, " don't you know
you have no right to intrude in this manner ?" The
invalid only answered by casting a pitiful lock at his
disfigured body, which look seemed to say, " I think
I have right enough."—" And you," said his Excel-
lency, thundering at the centinel, " how dare you act
in disobedience of orders?" Erect as a poplar, stood
the Grenadier, without answering a word. The Field-
Marshal now rung. and his Secretary appeared—
" Here," cried his Excellency, " give each of these
fellows 25 in my presence." The Secretary stated,'
and at last ventured to stammer cut the words, " shall
I call the Corporal ?" Nc," resumed the Marshal,
ei do it yonrself." Disobedience being a word almost
enknown in the military language of Russia, the asto-
rished Secretary began to loc.k ruund for some weapon
or instrument. wherewith tQ inflict the punishment.
het steing nothing, he ventured to ask, " with what?"
" With what ?• why with your bands," replied the
Marshal, • " I thought you knew BARCLAY better—
give each of them ,c 35 roubles—the Centinel for his j
humanity--the Invalid for his bravery and sufferings."

Great improvements will be added to the exterior of
Drury-Lane Theatre, before its opening, at the expense
of the Committee. The Portico at the principal en-
trance will be taken down, and an elegant Colonnade
substituted, which will be continued from the corner of
Viaegar-yard to the stage door of the Theatre. The
play-going public will derive much accommodation
from this tonvenimt addition to their comfort, espe-
cially during the inclemency of the winter.
There have been lately discovered at Pompeii the re-
mains of several most elegant baths, consisting of entire
vaults, variously decorated, together with a bath of
Nvl.ite marble, capable of containing twenty individuals.
in a chamber contiguous were also discovered two
bronze sopha,s, and a large vase of the same metal. No
Je3:, than five hundred lamps, of different formf, have
also lately been dug up from the ruins.
A dreadful explosion took place on the 9th ins% in
ti.e powder works of Ripault, near Tours, in France.
At five minutes past one in the aftetnnon, one of the
rooms where the powder is granulated blew up, just as
twelve workmen were coming in from dinner. These
unfortunate persons were all destroyed in an instant,
their bodies were blown to atoms, and some of their
remains were afterwards found in a poplar tree 150
paces from the building. The quantity of powder
which exploded was three thousand pounds weight. An
adjoining magazine, which contained 25,000 lbs. was
happily saved by the activity of the workmen, who
directed against it the fire engines. The town of Tours,
about eight miles distant, sensibly felt the explosion,
and many windows there were broken by the shock.
The estimated loss from the fire which some weeks
ago consumed almost the whole town of Salim, is above
seven millions of francs, of which only about 350,000
were insured ! This extraordinary small proportion of
i-snred to uninsured property is one proof of the back-
wardness of the French in adopting useful institutions.
three persons were burnt to death. A young girl has
been Nand alive in a sort of t ave formed by the falling
of some of the houses against each other. She had
been caught there while attempting to remove some
furniture and dress from the fury of the flames, and
subsisted for five days, without light, and under the
continual apprehension of being crushed to death, on
some bread which she fortunately discovered in a basket
that had been suspended outside the window of one of
the houses before it fell. A ebtary public is said to
hive **via 15,060 francs that had been intrusted to
him, while he lost in the flames a considerable sum
of his own.

MANSION-HOUSE.
A number of bantane persnns hgve strongly eaPreudd
their sympathy for the condition .of the 3,000 cattle
which are kept in Smithfield Matket,-from morning
until evening, without any water or refreshment being
given to them ; and several applications have been
made to the Lori Mayor upon the subject. His Lord-
ship sent in consequence to a number of the most re.'
spectable dealer. and salesmen in the market, to know
whether anything could be done to remedy what ap-
peared, in this hot weather, to be an extremely cruel
privation to the poor animals?
Yesterday, a number of salesmen and others waited
upon the Lord Mayor, and after having been asked
whether it was not practicable to have a sort of con-
duit for the supply of the animals brought to market?
they replied in the negative. The market was already
far too crowded, and there certainly would not be room
for it. It had been said, that the meat must he, dete-
riorated by the want of water, which animals t xpe-
rienced during the market-day. They unanimously
declared that they had never found this to be the case,
even during the present hot weather. The cattle were
generally fed on the overnight, before they were taken
to the market, and they were also comfortably fed
again as soon as they were token to the slaughter-
house, for it was found inexpedient to kill them in an
exhausted condition. All the butchers and sa'esmrn
were unanimous upon these two points: First, that it
was not practicable, in the present state of the market,
to have refreshment provided for the cattle there; and
secondly, that if it were practicable, it would be ol
little utility.
The LOW) Moro& expressed hit confidence, that any improve.
meat which humanity might dictate, would be readily carried into
execution by the respectable persons who bad waited upon him.
The parties then repeated their assurances on the subject, and
left the Mansion-House.

ENTERPAINE INDIA STNAMoVESSEL...--Extract of a
letter, dated Falmouth, Monday, 15th of August,
182.5 :••••4g The Enterprise India steam vessel is still de-
tained here by strong adverse winds. The coals, stock,
&c. were all shipped on Saturday, and ti.e passengers
were embarked, the Captain having determined to put
to sea, as the Wind was N.W. but the pilots gave it as
their decided opinion that the wind outside still con-
tinued very strong from the.S.W. which being con-
firmed by Sir Joust .P.BILLIMORIC, who arrived in the
Turns frigate, it was determined to wait. The same
wind still continues; and yesterday and last night it
again blew a gale from the Westward outside, but
within from the N.W.°

The Tribunal of Correctional Police in Paris, has
passed sentence on Messrs. Ruggierl, firework-makers,'
for the mischief which arose during the fire-works in
the Champs Elysees, on the occasion of the Corona-
tion. Each of the brothers is sentenced to six days' im-
prisonment and 16 francs fine, but they are to pay
4,650 francs damages, that is to say, 1,200 francs to
each of the representatives of the persons killed, and the
rest between the wounded.

• TURNPIRC ROADS.—It appears by.a statement,. that
there are 18,329 miles of .Turnpike Roads in England,
2,591 ditto in Wales, and 3,611 in Scotland—total
24,531. The annual income on the average of the
years 1816, 1819, and 1820,.wa5,- England, 970,6181.
Wales, 37,6721. Scotland, .129,6351.—t0ta1, 1,137,8251.
But this income, besides the necessary expense of con-
tinuing repairs, was burdened, in the year
.1821 with
the following debt :---Englaird, ..3,874,2.551. -Wales,
201,9621.-. Scotland, 1,124,2731.—t0ta1, 5,200,4904 In
Norfolk, the nUrnber of guiles was, 271., thaincorne per
mile 381. the expenditure per ditto, :261. excess of in.-
come 121. In Suffolk, the number of miles, 279; in-
come per mile r?-11. expentliture'per ditto, 311. excess of
income, 31.
ANTIQUIT118.•••-a113 person mho is in care of Kirk-
stall Abbey, about a fortnight ago, -discovered in the
ruins nearly tsvo square yards of tiled flooring: in
state of great pLrfection. Unfortunately the. tiles have
been removed from the original situation,.bat have been
ielaid at the entrance of the recess where they were
found. Tney are about four inches square each, of
different colours, yellow, red, 'brcisen, &c. strongly
glazed on the surface, and some orthein gyred. The
person who met' with them says, that chef joints as they
lay, were perfectly close, and that the wholeasahibited
a compact and level. appearance.
The sailing master of a vessel belonging ton port on
the east coast of Scotland, was, on a voyage teithe.Me-
diterranean, captured by the Algerines,,and,detained in
slavery for eleven years; five of these-employed at hard
labour, with a ball eleven pounds weight, .fettered to
one of his ancles, till released from so painful a situa-
tion by Lord Exmouth. Returning to his native town,
stifrieiently disguised in tattered eppatel, a toil-worn
countenance, and an unshorn beard, he learnt that his
wife, after passing ten y.eari in.. supposed widowliold,
hadanarried a second husband; and that a son, left
apprentice to the book•binding busier ss, now kept a
bookselling and stationery shop, in which he was
assisted by a daughter. The liberated captive sought
nut and entered tl,e shop. and on pretence of'heing re-
cammended to bee, invited himself home with them
in the evening, and there found his Jean and her new
husband, enjoying themselves around the domestic
hearth. After some circumlocution acrd prepaying the
way, he inquired (naming. his wife) if such' a Woman
stilt lived in the place, and that if she did, he had s me
intelligence of her husband to communicate. The
question caused the stranger to be looked upon with
suspicion, as meaning in all probability to impose on
them. At length, assuming the well-known look and
tone of undiminished affection, he appealed to his Jean,
if she did not recognise him undar all his concealment?
The appeal was not made in vain: the recognition was
on both sides tender and affecting. Oa. being asked,
to which of the two husbands she chose to attach het-
self, tj'e i= Wife of two husbands" emphatically ex-
claimed that Willie.(the first husband) had been the be-
trothed of her youth, her first love, and the parent of
her children, and now that he was, as it west, restored
to her from the dnad, her choice was to his for life
and death. The second husband, haring had it put in
his option, by the real gudeman, to appropriate what
lie could justly claim, acted extremely honourable,
choosing nothing save a gold watch he himself had pre-
sented-to the supposed widow when he wedded her;
and, on its being restored, left, the house, town, and
that district of the country, never since having been
either seen or heard of. The prominent actor in this
little interesting drama has now a ressAl of his own,
and is occasionally in the habit, in pursuance of his
marine occupation, of visiting the port of Perth.
Sunday was a day interesting to Printers, being the
Anniversary, of the Publicatinn of the first ork ever
printed, which was the Book of Psalms; by Faust and
. Schaeffer, in 1457.

Uniift
