TIIS JZIVb.

Mr. R. GRANT presented u petition from the Jews. He gave
tico that he should introduce a bill on the subject on the 17th Feb.
A MEMBER observed that it had been said that Jews acre alway.
strangers in the land in which they were burn. I'Vas that the fact ?
Mr. R. GRANT said he would answer that, when the question war
brought forward.

Sir 11. INGLIS and Gen. GASCOYNE gave notice that they shook!
oppose the bill.
Sir A. CHICHESTER presented a petition from Behast, and 3lr
R. KING from Cork, for the abolition of slavery.

IirETING OF THE BIIDDLESEX FREEHOLDERS,
(THIS DAY-BY EXPRESS.)

fhis being the day appointed for the meeting of the Free-
- .!ders at the Mermaid, Ilackney, for the purpose of taking
.uto consideration tho alarming state of the country, the
i..tresses of the working classes, the oppressive weight of
tivition, the defective state of the representation of the
leople in Parliament, and to adopt such resolutions and peti-
tions as might be thought proper with reference to these sub-
,ects, a very numerous body of persons assembled
is early as half-past ten o'clock. The placards announced
.hat the chair would be taken at eleven o'clock precisely,
;Kit it was after that hour before the gentlemen who were
to conduct the meeting arrived. The Chair was taken at
twelve o'clock by Mr. Sheriff M n Kenn r. r.. There were
present Mr. IlumE, M.P. Mr. BvNG, M.P. Mr. Youmo,
,lid the most influential persons in the county. The follow-
:: Resolutions were submitted to the Meeting, and
I.;7eetl to :
Resolved-1. That the distress amongst all the productive classes of
the community has for some time past been gradually increasing, and
has at length arrived at such an extreme as to be no longer borne ; and
that this meeting views, with deep and anxious concern, the present
tgitated and alarming condition of the country ; and it is of opinion,
that the eturages which have been already committed, threaten the
:omplete demruction of all the bonds of civilized society.
szcAvrmy —That the principal causes of these evils are-
-I,t. The maladministration of the Poor Laws.'
Monopolies which fetter. the trade and industry of the Country.
3i. Tythcs, which prevent the application of capital and labour to
Land.

4 h. The excessive amount of Taxation, for the maintainence of
enomuyte and useless Establishments, and for the payment of unme-
rited Pensions and Sinecures.

And the greet and ultimate cause of these evils is the influence which
:be aristocracy of rank and wealth unlawfully exercise in returning
Members to sit in the Commons House of Parliament ; and it is the
opinion of this Meeting that all their grievances can only he remedied
by causing the representatives to be chosen in such a manner that the
raliament :Ilan deserve to possess the confidence of the people.

3. That no House of Commons will deserve the confidence of
re people, until the right of suffrage be extended to all household:Js
ying taxes and parochial rates s until each member of the Commons
ilouie be chosen by a proportionate body of electors: until the dura.
...In of Parliament be materially shortened : nor until each elector,
titl•out lois, or fear of private loss or gain, be allowed to vote by
for that man to sit in Parliament whom he conscientiously be-
litres co be the most eligible.

4. That it is the unalterable opinion of this meeting, that the country
can only be secured against a continuance of the existing evils, and
titsinet the still more dreadful evils of a civil war, by effecting an
riecli4te reform in the mode of electing the Members of the House of
Commons.

5. That petitions, embodying these resolutions, be presented to both
llonqes of Parliament ; and that the petitions now read be adopted, and
z•hcrifr be requested to sign them on behalf of this meeting.
G. That the Earl of Radnor and Lord King be requested to present
Le petition to the House of Lords ; and that Mr. Byng and Mr. Hume,
'he county members, be requested to present the petition to the House
Commons, and support its prayer.

The CHAIRMAN addressed the meeting, and stated the purpose for
.1.i;11 they had met this day, and having intimated that counter reso.
!allots might probably be read to them, strongly recommended to the
Jniversal body assembled, the giving a patient bearing to all parties.
The business of the day was proceeding when our Reporter left.
