INSTALLATION OF THE GREAT AMERICAN

CONGRBS&
-...g•-

FROM THIIIITRAORDINARY OAIITTR Cel TEM ISTHMUS,

JUN/ 22. 1826.

is This day may be called the day of America—from
this day its states enjoy all their political liberty, and
individuals a freedom conformable to their social com-
pacts. A close and eternal bond unites the four Re-
publics of Colombia, Guatimala, Mexico, and Peru.—
All of them make mutual tenders of assistance against
foreign oppressors, and against those who desire to usurp
the rights which they have recovered. To preserve
perfect equality, chance has decided the Presidency, and
the same means has been employed in determining the
order of the signatures. The names of their Excellencies
Senores Pedro Goal, Minister of State and of Foreign
Relations of Colombia ; Antonio Larrazabal, Peniten-
tiary of the holy cathedral church of Guatemala; Don
Manuel Lorenzo de Vidaerre, President of the Supreme
Court of Justice of Peru, and decorated with the medal
of those who have deserved well of their country; Den
Jose de Michelena, Brigade-General of the armies of
Mexico; Pedro Briceno Mendez, Brigade General of
the armies of Colombia, and of the liberators of Vene-
zuela, and of Cundinamarca ; Pedro Molino, Plenipo-
tentiary of central America ; Don Manuel Perez Tudela,
Fiscal of the Supreme Court of Justice of Peru ; and
Don Jose Dominguez, Regent of the Tribunal of Justice
of Guanajato, will always be repeated with st.pect, as
the noblest defenders of our liberty and independence.
Blessed by the GOD of Justice, who, in recompense for
our labours and our slavery, has for ever secured to us
the means of being happy.
Don Manuel Lorenzo de Vidaurre, President of the
Supreme Court of the Republic of Peru, our Minister
Plenipotentiary to the Great American Diet, thus ad-
dressed their Excellencies the Ministers Plenipotentiary
of the other States:

4" The inhabitants of the Americas, who have been
Spaniards, will cover themselves with eternal infamy in
the eyes of all known nations, it they do not promulgate
laws so wise, so equitable, and so just, as to secure their
present happiness, and that of their descendants for
many generations; Restored to the state of nature, free
and independent, in perfect prissession of all their rights,
enjoying the gifts which the sublime AUTHOR of all has
bestowed on them, they ate more perfect than in the
times bordering on the creation. Then man could not
be prudent, because he had no experience ; he could not
guard against evil, because he did not know it; he
could not enjoy himself because he. had not felt the con-
trast of pain and pleasure. Now, in the use of his most
perfect faculties, he distinguishes what is just from what
is unjust ; what is useful and agreeable from what is
pernicious and offensive; what is secure from what is
dangerous; the enjoyment of moderate pleasures, which
are perpetual, front intense gratifications, which are only
moment try. The overthrow of a thousand empires ;
the flow and theebb of wealth in all parts of the known
wotld ; the destruction of some cities, and the elevation
of others; the greatness and the decay of States—all
these are lessons by which we may profit—all these are
rules which present themselves for our present guidance.
" • Among the many physical, nuital,
revolutions which historians relate, and . pPosophers
examine, ours has no example. Dynasties succeeded
each other in China from the time of Fo-hi till the
Tat tars took poftession of the throne. The Epptiaas

.4 'Oar situation, however, is still more advantage-
ous. We possess, in pictures perfettly drawn, the errors
and the knowledge—the virtues and the vices of sixty-
two ages. The union of the Swiss. the constancy of
the Dutch, the prudence of the North Americans, the,
atrocities of the French Revolution, the factions of the
Belgic provinces, and even of our own, are so many
images which we ought to have perpetually before our
eyes, as examples to follow or to shun.
TIA-day the Great American Congress, which is to
be in adviser in great conflicts, a faithful interpreter of
treaties, a mediator in domestic disputes, an agent in the
forMation of our new rights with foreign States, is in-.
vested with all those powers which are necessary tq
fulfil the noble, grand, and striking object for which it
has been convoked. All the precious materials haul
been prepared beforehand. A whole world is about 19
look upon our labours, and to examine attentively our
proceedings. From the first Sovereign to the most in-
, significant inhabitant of southern lands, there is no j)er-
son indifferent to our labours. This, perhaps, will be
the last trial which will be made to ascertain if man:can
be happy. Fellow Representatives, the fiell of glory,
smoothed by Bolivar, San Martin, O'Higgins, Guade-
loupe, and many other heroes superior toliercules and
Theseus, is open to us. Our names ate to be preserved
in immortal honour or eternal disgrace. Let us raise
ourselves, then, above a thousand millions of inhabitants:
let a noble pride elevate oar spirits, giving ne a resem-
blance to GOD himself, on that day on which he gave
.the first laws to the universe.

" Fired with a Divine enthusiasm, and fixing my
eyes on the AUTHOR of all worlds, the greatest difficulties
appear to me trifling. Few, but solid, are the founda-
tions on which our confederation rests. Peace with. the
world—respect to the Governments established in Eu-
ropean countries, even when they are diametrically op-
posite to that which has been adopted in America—a
free commerce with all nations—and a great diminution
of duties in favour of those who have recognized our
independence—religious toleration fer those who ob-
serve rites different from those which we have received
for our partictilar constitutions—such are the bases of
our union. Thirty-three millions of victims sacrificed by
fanaticisM, from the time of the Jews to the present age,
should teach us to be humane, pacific, and indulgent to
those who pursue a different path from ours. Let the
be,
foreigner come, and whatever be his worship, he will
received, respected, and protected, if his morality, which
is true religion, does not belie that which was taught
by our SAVIOUR. Let them be our masters in agricul-
ture, and in the arts—let the dismal countenance of the'
African, oppressed by chains and power, disappear from
our fields. Let him see by his side a man of that colour,
which is believed a sign of superiority—let him begin
to be a rational being, perceiving that in nothing he is
distinguished from other men. Immortal Pitt, eloquent
Fox, interrupt for a moment your repose, raise your
heads from the tomb, and be filled with admiration at
observing, that the countries which were most distin-
guished for slavery are now those in which year phi-
lanthropic maxims are most venerated.
" With respect to ourselves, we have two terrible
rocks to avoid—the first is the desire of aggrandizement
I of some States at the expense or by the Injury of others ;
the second is the danger that an ambitious individual
may arise to aspire at power by enslaving his brethren.
I fear both cases as much as I despise the threats of the
'feeble Spaniards. We cannot extinguish passions, nor
would it be proper to do so. One man is always sigh-
ing for distinction ; another is never contented with what
he possesses ; another is unjust, and can we all at once
inspire him with a love of justice ? Not till he has
' experienced the evils arising from the disorder of the
passions;
" Sully and Henry IV. projected a tribunal which
might restrain in -Europe the first—namely, the desire
of aggrandizement. In our days, Gondon wrote a
treatise on the same subject. This Diet realises the
laudable designs of the King and of the philosophers. Let
us avoid wars, by bringing all our differences within file
range of mediation. The effect of war is conquest. A
State increases by reducing the power of the vanquished.
Montesquieu said that which was—Dthosaire, that

66 4 I am not forgetful, that, in the retirement of the
Escurial and of Aranjuez, projects ate formed for new
expeditions. I think, however, the attempt impossible.
The history of. Spain supplies me with proofs. Could
either Philip H. or his son, or his grandson, subjugate
Holland ? Could nap IV. recover Portugal ? Cctt
Catalonia, another time, have been retaken by France?
Has Gibraltar returned to the Spaniards? Has Jamaica
been restored? The history of treaties may be called
that of the surrenders of territory by Spain. What she
gained at Pavia and Sr. Quintin, she lost by the trea-
ties at Vervins, Westphalia, the Pyrennees, Nimegueri,
Aiz-la-Chapelle, and others that have occurred eown
to the present time. If the Floridas could not hive
been obtained by that of Paris, the North Americans
would have procured their cession by force.
" 4 Let us call to memory a few circum.tances. Philip
IL consented that his troops should live by pillage, and
excited:more and more the desperation of the Dutch.
Charles 11. borrowed money at 1.5 per cent. and sold
the Vice-royalties of Peru and Mexico to support the
war. This was when the Kings of Silain never saw the
sun set in their dominions—when they were obeyed
without a murmur. What can they do now, when
Spain is without Colonies, without internal union, and
garrisoned by Frenchmen? I know very well how the
expedition was formed which was destined against us,
and which was broken up at Cadiz in 1820. In it were
employed the indemnities procured from France, the
privy purse of the King, and vie last resources f the
State. Everything was drained for money. Veisels
are now wanting, the last rotten ones have been sent to
the Havannah. There are no arms, nor have the Spa-
°lards any disposition to come and die in these regiohs
by the point of the lance, or the insalubrity of climate.
It is not my intention to advise a reduction of oar
forces. On the contrary, let us increase them by sea
and had, but net for the purpose of allowing them to
lie idle, or to keep them in their quarters. Let us give
such a blow to this obstinate nation that may make it
tremble. To hope that she will make peace with us is
to expect the Masstart—is to remain eternally armed.
Let us oblige our enemy to yield her temerity and ca-
prices. All Europe condemns her conduct. Not even
the Princes of the House of B rurbon cur approve of it.
No nation has an interest in the continuance of the war
by Spain. The general desire is for peace. Without it
commerce has not an uniform course, but is interruptei
to the prejudice of industrious ant trading nations.—
How different was the position of England when she
reCognized the independence of the United States. Let
the wise English lead the blind Spaniards.
" ' While she resists the mediation of the Powers
which protect us, let her fruits, her commodities, and
every production of her soil or of her fabric be entirely
prohibited. Let them be seized wherever they may be
found, and let those lose their cargoes who may be
convicted of having transgressed a law which we cannot
rescind. Let the manufactures of Valencia and Barce-
lona be destroyed. Spaio will not manufacture when
she has no vent for her productions. Let Ferdinand
VII. be persuaded that if the denial of his recognition
compels us to incur frightful expenses, by keeping Us
armed, he likewise destroys the remaining wealth of his
wretched kingdom, racked by discord, arid weighed
down by the yoke of a foreign nation.
" 'lf at any time he were accessible to reasons
grounded upon rigorous justice—if he could persuade
himself that he cannot recover what he could not main-
tain—if he can be convinced that he des not possess in
Anierica eithei factions'or point's of support,' then 'the
sensible Ameiican will express himself in a different
way. -We shall never purchase our freedom. The
name of freed men excites our horror. We are consti-
tuted into states, possessing rights equal to those held
by Europeans. We 'have spontaneously united in
society, and se are only subject to those compacts
svhicb, in the eiercise of our judgment, se have formed.
If Ferdinand recognizes those righti—if he enters into
the generous reconciliation which is offered him, we
shall forget the ?maltase calamities which be has caused
as, and the day of the peace will be that of the most
sincere union. It is only by violence, and in opposition
to our character, that we continue the war. We shall
terminate it with the most lively pleasure, when we can
obtain peace'without dishonour.
"' But, Gentlemen, this recognition is not the point
which most interests us. Holland was rich a,d .
torious before she was recognised. T re Swiss had formed
alliances with the Sovereigns of Europe before their
independence was acknowledged by the Hone of
Austria. The existence of a state dees not defend upon
its recognition—the latter only serves to open to it al-
liances. The being of a nation consists in its internal
polilical organization. Let us hold to those rights
which it is proper the whole world should she* to us.
Let us guard our honour. Let as not admit foreigners
who do nut come authorised in the tegulAr dipluamlie
