RITIMORDINARYJUNZ S.

Tecuruan, May 14, 1515.
•
04 Most Excellent Sir—The General in Chief of
the Army of Peru, Don Josef ROndesu, informs me
as follows, under date from the city of Potosi, 11th
of May s: •
I have the hewer to acquaint you, that the ad-
vanced ga ud of my *rely oceupied, on the sth inst.
the city of Potoili, and on the 9th the rest of my
troops marched in with the cheering •and acclama-
tions of a generous people, who have sighed under
oppression for near two years, and who have now:c-
oned their happitiess. I am happy to advise TAO
this important acquisidon, which must have as much
influence on the general interests as on those of Chu-
quiscoa and Cochababa, who already breath the
wholesome air of liberty'
is I have transcribed this for your information and
that of the city of Buenos Ayres.
(Signed) liAltpallig ARAM
" To the Most Indica Supreme Director of die State
The following is an extract from a Proclamation,
dated Buenos Ayres, 'May 22, 1914 'addressed by
the Director (ad essieria) of the State, Don Ignacio
Alvarez; to the inhabitants of the Confederation :

es Citizens—Spain, freed from the power of the
French, after adding a new example to history of
there being nothing superior to the constancy of a
people, collectively defending their liberty, ineoosis•
tent in htr own expetience, without recovering from
the calamities with which she has been afflicted, Wind

hes:rankled hatred, deaf to the voice of her own
interests, of justice, and of humanity, is sending to
our shores ten thousand assassins, intent on destroy-
ing, hr one day, the.work of five years labour, and
flushed with the hope of. immolating victims to their
.fury. and of renewing the execrable scenes of which
they were the authors in the ominous age of the con-
quest of these countries, by perpetuating, and, if pos.
sible. rendering more galling,. the captivity under
which they have groaned for fourteen gentratioits.
With the name of. brothers oil their lips, butivith the
weapon in their right hands, they approach the wa-
ters of La Plata, to spread alarm among the people,
but only to give them fresh opportunities ofigopsating
the same glorious proofs of valour they have already
given. From this day, fellow-eitisans, liberty is more
'dear to us, because she requires Dew gallants at our
hands. The Americans, worthy of this some, in
.!eacb danger behold the basis of 'their glories. One
sentiment inflames their hearts—no one prefers slavery
to *Ali," kc. &c. ticc:

A letter, (rpm Bailin, dated August 22, says,
t Mea(ion has lately ben made of a new Constitu-
tion for the PrgptisOf Monarchy. The changes cost-
✓ended by the Ring, aitd the object of which was
greater sateadall at 1.11•07, are nearly aompleted.—
Lt is thought that .01: pepocl is not far distant.when
:the States willuasenibie; composed of Dtputies from
all the Provinces of the Monarchy, to deliberate upon
the future wekfarc of g people who these latter tildes
have so highly contributed, by.the most striking sen-
timents of true patriotisha, and by a moral energy
without parallel, to that peace which Europe hopes
soon to enjoy. The • Prussian „nation promisee itself
infinite benefit and happiness from the new Constitu.
tion, and from the general amenably of its itepteess.l
tatives; which the Cuubtitutinn ordains ; and it cos.]
sidef s this.ae the mot splendid Mirk 11f the interest
which Frederick Willie* tpitelli in tne felichy of binl
subjecti. It is confirmed that pea& is signed ;
; 40%000 of die-allied troops 11111.1111 for four.yoersin
France, and all'tho formic:: will be' ceded or oc-
cupied. •

• '

.. ~ . _ ~

,

SAO rxa IttllMlBll IaRCPRT.' •

P4144,4119Urr
The Pen drains vessel by the return of Bona-
parte from the island of. 41be so the French mil, may
be now considered, in a militiy paint of view, es
C°drillY eloped, The bond of the French armies
was compered 'end dispersed in one day. Several,
not inconsiderable bands, after the capitation of the
capital, had withdrawn behind the losire ; and in ex-
pectation of the purees of tents held themselves,
in a warlike Ilse short space of a few weeks,
' however, so Ft. impress the French nation, the
army. and al parties, with the clear conviction, that
in the prevent condition of public affairs all further
war or opposition oq the part of France was impos-
sible. The ruins of their once so formidable army
have thus begun gradually to disperse of themselves.
The Royal Crovernmeat, Justly convinced that their
'elistense and a regular order could never be secured
by an army of Bonaparte's creation, 'Wished and fa-
voured this dissolution, and now several Ordonnan-
ces and Orders have been issued for a radical re-crea-
tion of the army on quite different pripciples. The
most of the-French tartrates are still, it is true,
though under white colours, in hostile relations with
us. But the whole mass of forces in theta is riot so
considerable as to effect any change of things, and
we may confidently expect that when the operation
against them shall be cautiuued. these fortresses will.
shortly fall one alter the Othere-,The• dread of a ge-
neral insurrection of the French nation against the
foreigners appears every day to diminish. On the
one and the total want •of a central point, the re-
laxation and indifference which has succeeded to the
convulsive,efforts so often repeated without success,
the frequent disappointments in their expectations.
On the other, the immense masses of foreign troops
which have seen' brought, and which are still Four-
.
mg into France, appear to afford a security against
any such general •rising. Should we, boviever, its
reality, beileceived on this subject, and should such
a general insurrection take place, it would give rise
to quite a new state of thingt, r<hich cannot be taken
into account in forming a Judgment of the resent
'condition of the nation.
The first part of this great event of our days, that
part which is decided by power and the force alarms,
may therefore, we repeat it, be 'considered as cons-
pkted ; and the second past. the diplomatic opera-
don, sir the political establisbment of those relations
which have been produced by war. now coninatooes,
The question now is. bow will that which has been so
nobly begun in the field, and which has been pur-
chased by such Streams of blood, by such invaluable
sacrifices, be completed in the Cabinet ? All Crew-
many, all the nations of Europe are looking forward
with the most anxious expectation to the decision of
a question on which the general opinion has been so
loudly and definitely pronounced.
With respect to the discussions between the two
great parties concerned, the Allied Powers on the one
part and .France on the other, they may be consi-
dered to relate chiefly to three objects.
Ist, The maintenance of the foreign armies during
their stay in France, and the supply of all their wants.
This, however, is net so much an. object of dipto•
mosey as of war management. It isu universal and
old established custom, that the conqueror lives at
the expence of the conquered ; and.there can he she,
less' opposition to this species of demand, as even if
we are to be considered as auxiliaries and troops in
the pay of Louis XVIII. a view which many Wench-
men are folid of taking, we have a right to have our
wants supplied by France. We may take this op-
portunity of stating boldly; tint the Allied armies
are entitled and will leave France fully cloihed and
equipped, and presided with the richest and most
complete materiel. . •
2dly, • Tbe exaction of warlike contributions, or
the raising of great sums 'of money from France for.
the good of the States by whose efforts Bonaparte
has been overthrown.
Sdly. The cession of previews on the part of
France. •
With respect to the second and third objects, we
am lest wesider them in the relation between
Manua and the natiopeof Europe in arms against it.
Here we may coulidentlY say, that neither with re-
gard to the sonic nor thi cessions which Way be de.
manded, is shire any opposition of any consequence
to be exported from the French nation .They feel
that they have been conquered, and conquered in a
degree which no nouns bas ever been within the last
'twenty-five years; they have no sheet anchor to
which they can thaw s nothing to give strength and
regularity to their opposition. The Royal Govern-
ment. feeble and insecure, and in relationewith the
other powers which render every idea of war impos-
sible; the Bonapartist Grandees, Generals, and Of-
ficers. withaut public respect. even in a military
point of view ass.object not of the love and confi-
dence. bet of dieeibberrence of tbe satin, and on
'that aceoeat it' eittlancenekb each °thee. ' ,
In those eircusibeinces. the Frenchman can think
of needier war against foreign countries, but such a
war as would be connected with all the convulsive
throes of tin intestine revolution.; and'of these revo.
*ions, with all their consequences, he is already
heartily sick. Besides, a war of this description,, ac-
cording to all human probability, would be almost
inevitably attended with au unfortunate result for
France, and teen the nation would be lost without
redemption. We may at present affirm with the
greatest justice, that Fiance has not merely been
conquered by arms, but that it has also been morally
conquered. as the resolution and the will to withstand
have been broken. '
So tar with respect, to the power. As to the right,
the conviction of the French nation begins to become
clearer and clearer, that they have nothing available
to oppose to the demands of the other States; they
begin to see and*to feel, and this insight and this feel-
mg force themselves on them against their will, that
as for twenty years together they treated all the na-
tions of Europe inthe most shameful manner, used
their superiority with the utmost arrogance. unit
every thing like independence in the dust, and broke
through every restraiht of justice or mercy, these era-
dons, in their turn, with the greatest justice, may
make demands on them, and impose on them certain,
sacrifices; that they are justified in some deem 0
sees reparation for the damage Wifiels they have *es-
tained:r that it would be highly unwise, and even a
sin ligainst themielves;.iieee they not. to plea France
At a condition in which it *Old, if not impoisible,
•

be at least extremely difficult for it to overleap ,
new the boundaries of justice, and again~rat 4•
their old ambition and their fresh hatred.
the French nation, and even several of their :awl;
men, have distinctly said—o• Penland from 4s mot,
we will give it ; demand from us the cession cl 1-',.
provinces which do not qtginally belong to L
minion, we will agree to it. We must do so, a•
We will do so; but allow us to subsist as an ineitpi
dent nation; do not interfere in our private aff,til
leave us to arrange, and manage our intern ti
and our relations with our Xing ar.d dynast,
we may think proper." This it. reasonable, ard
impossible to deny that the repeat:A tnistortz,;
which have befallen the French have at length Lrour.
them back, however temporarily, to sentiments
something like moderation and propriety.
Such is the relation in which Europe stands to t
French. As to the reveries respecting the
feeling of the French, their irritability, tr. whir!:
could not expose ourselves withettt the greatest
ger, which were assumed as a principle with
mitable benevolence in the aegociationsof thr let n
year, can no longer keep any person in apprdietsii
the arrangement of what the French have to sActi;
in sums and provinces, as a matter of Fruperty a
justice, as-a security to the other nations, an: as t.
pledge of their own future good
and exclusively the business of the tour allied horse
and we shall therefore consider it in this point of vies .

FRENCIt PAPER;.

PARIS, 941, UMBER S.
Lovp, by the grace of GOD, King of Franc.
NAvarre.—To all who ;hall see these

greeting.
14 We have ordained and do ordain as follows
“ Art. 1. The Chimher of Peers and the Cham'
wf Deputies of the Departments are convoked for
23th day of the month of September of 613 pr,
year.
eg 2. These presents 4411 be ititerted in the E
letin of the Laws.

" Given at P4ris, at the ON* of the '11,11;;Ict
the 4th of September. of the year of Grace,
and of our reign the fl*.
44
(15;Vwd2
By the King. ( lned)

Lnt
es PAstaurcr..'

An Or donnante for the disbanding of the Anil! '
and on their re-organization is given in the Gat
Welk. It is divided into five Titlear-.71. The s.
binJing of the artillery-2. Me4sures of transkre ;e
previous to re-organization-3. Establishment of K
new corps of artillery-4. Mode of re.organ;ast '
of the new regiments and corps of arti be f—a.l,.
rural dispositions. The regulations in this instr.•
scent are nearly the same as those already given
the disbanding of the infantry. It gives in detail
numbers, names, staffs, &c. in several t,:qes,
total force being 11,280 men. They are thus dividt
7616 Officers, subalterns and soldiers, for ei,bt: •
' regiments of artillery on foot.
1424 for tour regiments of horse artillery.
352 Pontooners.
56 Artificers.
1160 for eight sqtvidrons of the train.
PARIS, SEPTEMBER
His Majesty the Emperor of Russia to-day, at thrl
o'clock, visited the King. Their Majesties continwi
,torther near an hour and a half. We are assurf.ii
however, that the Empeeor sets off this very dr! ;
Chalons stir Marne. ;After the grand review ut
Russian army no the plain of Venus. this Sorr:
will; it is said, return to Paris to pass a few dt
inertly. He- is expected at Warsaw in the mint!.
October. •

-
The disbanding if the army of the ;,wire grin
with the greatest activity. Every day nunimus
taehments qt French soldiers, without art:n.l, r
thnittgh Orleans, and thew their passports to the c
mender of the allied troops.
On the let of the month, an order was publishec.
Orleans, to put a stop to the requisition of t>o2
linen; leather, dtc. made by the Boeotian troops -
This unexpected order gave universal
Several mdividnals suspected ( being Accompi,
in the assassination of Gederal Rosy', have ju.t L.
arrested at Toulouse.
Thy write from Valenciennes, on the £.l of Sip
tember, that there is no longer theie any soldier c,
the ;roars of the line; they have all without disti-c
don been disbanded, and sent home as the federate
and the free cars. The Staff Major of the placebo
been also disbanded, and received orders from
King to evacuate the fortress which is now entrllSPO
solely to the under guard. The same thing has tAke
place at Conde : the Commander of the fortress,
sn
all those who are thought to be guilty of the assess
nation of Colonel Gordon. have fled ; but we
assured that measures • are taken for their spe -
attest and their transportation to Paris, wherett,
will be given over to a military commission.
Tt
011411011 of Borechain is not disarmed.
Madame the Duchess ref Angouleme was to
sln
at Agon on the Ist of September. Orders were 0'
to receive her Royal'Highness with all due Iwo°.
The inhabitants of the country flocked to See
Princess.
It is said, that the seventh volume cf en,
which was on the point of appearing. wAt "'"" •
morning.
Some etripage belonging to the Duelv' "' •
gouleme arrived today at ate ~ a
His Excellency M. Porto di.Borgo sue,“ •

audience of the king.
The wife of General Dilly has sent s letter t"
Editor of the Gana* & .1* mote, in w'hich ;ht., sof
her husband is not in the department of Gard; t
be quitted Nismes on the lath of July, And e
quently the territory and command of the 96 •
tar" division.
Some Journals. ie giving an account of cieftri
have happened in the South, and partiruiolf
department of Herinit, have so esliggrote'!4l
'tried the facts, that we think it oar eta! t 0 r
them in their true light,,,froni the inia:q.ltico "
mitted to us by ocular witnesses, and perw'
of credit. We shall quota then; 'vtitbolt an; (ting
their phrieeology s
The departnstt,of Herault enjoy.: stn
there ill %%either in it political or religioO4 i‘.7:t nr!
No.tribenal has bien'abut even for a apaien 1;
of.kiralithie was ecithposed of four 3dAtV`. (n•
k whom is dead s the President, M. Melhitlei,
and the third has beep's:Tested as a 14'4

only then i:einained one judze and the assistants, but
the Conn bosms" hiss not been. intenTiked. No
lino," has bean pißiseed—no domiciliary visit has
made even to disarm the raderates. If the
Protestant church of Pignad hat.been burned, the
adtliority, it it• 'ctruld not prevent, the outrage,
immediately took necessary steps to discover
the authors; some white cockades have indeed been
snatched from individuals, who. during the three
months of usurpation, conductVtl themselves pith
violence. Prudence forced the higher authorities to
order some temporary arrests, but the persons seised,
alter their innocence has been ascertained, are daily
restored to liberty, and in a abort time there will be
none in pike exeept those who are confined for
climes, and will be delivered over to justice." .
'Today the King after mass received in the Hall
of the Throne several Deputations of the .Electetal
Colleges. Those of the Avesne, the Anise, Eure
and Loire, Loer and Cher, Loiret, Marne and Loire,
Marne, Moselle. ace.
We hear from Bayonne, that the Spanish army.
which on the 27th had passed the Bidassoa, was not
More than between 12 and 15,000 strong infantry,
with 1,000 to 1,200 horse, and 18 field-pieces. Count
Avispal had at the same time published a proilama-
tion, in which he announced, that his entrant* into
France had no other object but tosupport the throne'
of Louis XVIII. and the integrity of his kingdom.
On St. Louie§ day, the cradle of Henry IV; which
has been religiously preserved by the peopleof poarn,.
was carried in procession through the streets of. Pau.
The military band played the air consecrated to that,
excellent Prince. The cradle was covered with Ries
and sursnountediwkh a white plume. It is not sur-
prising that such a spectacle should heighten almost
to delirium die joy which die day inspired.

'USSELS • PAPERS.
HANOVER, AUGUST 28.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge is
returned to Pyrntont, where he went to pay a visit
to the Prince of Waldeck.
On the ‘2oth of this month a great inundation, in
the environs of Dunnenberg, covered the fields and
meadows, and has reduced the poor inhabitants to
the greatest distresi.
We hear that the Hanoverian artillery is to came
hack Torn Franc: and 'Brabant. Meantitne the
measures for the entire organieationof the Landsturna
are carrying on with great activity.
