HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Colonel DAVIS presented the Report of the Seaford Election Com-
ir,ittee, which stated that Mr. Ellice had been duly returned.
Mr. Danvers from the East India House, brought up a return of the
trade between Great Britain and China during the last year.—Or-
dtred to lie on the table.
A new writ was ordered for Blilbourne Port, in the room of Mr.
Sturges Boum., who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition from Manchester,
for a Bill to enable persons to build Churches, iSce.
Sir R. BATESON presented a petition for the abolition of slavery
from Belfast.
_

Mr. GUEST moved for a return of the population of towns in
Wales, not sending Representatives to Parliament—Agreed to.
Mr. DENNISON presented a petition from Newington, applauding
the measure of the minister, and praying that it might paw into a lawn
He considered that it spoke the language of the people of England. (A
solitary voice said, No.) Well, the measure might be thrown out now,
but as to defeating it, they might as well attempt to stop the tides of
she ocean. (Cheers.)
Mr. BRISCOE supported the prayer of the petition, and added his
mite of gratitude to Ministers for the measure, and his warm congra-
tulations to the whole country.
Mr. LA BOUCHERE said, his constituents at Taunton, though
a po.walloppicg borough, were deligtoed with the plan of Reform
proposed by Ministers, which trust give satisfaction to the whole
country.
Mr. H. HOWARD Fresei.tcd a petition fiom Shoreham, for pro-
tection ;or the timber trade.

Mr. PHILPOTS presented a petition from Stroud signed by six
Magistrates, for the extension of beer licences.
Sir W. HEATHCOTE presented two petitions from parishes in
Hants for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. H DRUMMOND presented a petition from Port Glasgow,
against the alteration of the timber duties.
The Marquis of CHANLOS moved for a new wait for Hythe, in
the room of Sir P. Sydney, who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
Sir It. FERGUSON presented a petition against the timber duties,
hum Lontinnderry.
T. AC LA ND presented a petition from Okehampton, for reform
iu Parliament.

Goionel BA ILLI E presentee] the Bristol Reform Petition.
Captain HARRIS presented a petition from Great Grimsby, for the
abolitict of slavery.
Air. ADEAN presented a petition from the Isle of Ely, in favour
Gf the plan of reform proposed by Ministers, and praying the house to
support the same.
Air. BELL presented a petition front the ship-owners of Newcastle,
against the proposed alteration in the timber duties ; and petitions from
Nook Shields and South Shields, against the Richmond shilling duty
nn ec,,l-.
Sir N. W. RIDLEY presented a petition from Newcastle-upon-
Tyne, signed by 3000 persons, in four hours, for Parliamentary
Rctorm.
Sir C. FORBES said he considered the plan proposed by the noble
lord was radically bad, and though he represented one of the denounced
boroughs, nothing should prevent him doing his duty. The most im-
portant speech made on the subject was that of the hon. member fur
Preston, who said he would take so much and thank you for it ; and
then conic for the sort of radical reform, vote by ballot, annual Portia.
rents, and universal suffrage. He should give such a measure every
opposition in his power.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY said there were numerous petitions in town
not presented, in favour of Reform, and an immense number coming up
in favour of the plan of reform proposed by Ministers. The measure
had given the greatest satisfaction to the whole country.
I,ord BERNARD presented a petition from Innishannon, county of
Cork, for the abolition of slavery.
Colonel CHICHESTER presented a petition from a parish in Wex.
find, for the repeal of the Union.

31r. O'CONNELL supported the prayer of the petition.
Colonel O'GRADY presented a similar petition from a parish in
Limerick. •

Lord G. SOMERSET presented a petition from Newport, for the
repeal of the house tax, andasked, was it the Intention of ministers col
repaid it
Lard.ALTHORP said hs was Envy isms not in his power to pro.
n reduellon of the asopsod.texas Olds Session.
An Hon. MEMIIEII, vaniee name Is 44 not know, said if the noble
lord would continue tke swap &vim' rteefeleiPereet the Me et• rates
he cold tabs the Weise tax of all hotises tinder Hal. a-year.
An Hon. MENIRER said, when the time came, he would propose,
that the newspapet tax be reduced to one halfpenny.
Colonel SI BTHOSP thought if an angel from Heaven wu Minister
he could not please every one; but he hoped tbe noble lord would give
some relief from the house tax, and asked when the newspaper tel would
be reduced.

Lord ALTHORP said, he proposed that the reduction on the
newspaper tax should take place on the sth of July ; and he hoped (as
we understood him) to mailman arrangement respecting the coal duty,
to prevent any loss on the duty mkt on stock on hand.
