WINDSOR. DEC. 29.
vt;eather continolog so wet, none of the Royal
,Family leave the Cestla Owing to the great fall of
stow and rain, the fall of water has been greattrom the
heights. This morning part of the Park is flooded, and
the water is running over the Long Walk, and at the
bottom of Street Road it we's up to the horses bellies;
two fine fat oxen, belonging to Mr. Jenkins the
butcher, were carried down the stream, having taken
to the water, and the Thames being very full, they
swam through the arches of Windsor Bridge. and the
current being very strong they were not able to get
on shore, being frustrated in several attempts, till they
came to a mill, a considerable distance down the river,
on the Eaton side of the water, where with assistance
afforded them by some men they were got out safe.

It is the oldest. not the youngest daughter of the
Marquis of STAFFORD. who is married to the Hon.
Mr. HOWARD.
Two marriages are in contemplation—that of the
Archduke CHARLES of AUSTRIA with the Archdu-
chess CATHARINE of RUSSIA, and that of the Heredi-
tary Prince of WIRTEMBERg with the Duchess of Ore

DESEIRCL
There is a report also that the towns of Cracow
and Thorn are both to be declared free towns. They
were formerly included in the Hanseatic Towns, and
it is said to be determined that they shall be made
free. This would materially affect the commerce of
Dantzic.
The last letters .from Vienna confirm the report
which we stated some time ago, that there have been
repeated conferences between their Imperial Ms.,'
jesties on the subject of the invasion of Tut key, 'not
merely for the expulsion of the Turks from Europe,
and the partition of the territory, but also for the ex-,
pulsion of the petty Tyrants from the southern coasts
of the Mediterranean, so as to put an end to the pi-
racy and slavery in which they traffic. The lan-
guage at Vienna is, that of all acts of injustice, this
will be regarded as the least unjust, from the violence
and barbarity which they constantly practice against
the Christian World ; and from the advantages that
will flow from the deliverance of the fairest part of
the inhabited globe. It is said, that the prospect of
thus terminating all the differences between the Sove-
' reigns at the Congress has retained ALEXANDER at '
Vienna.
Since the expected Treaty with America will, of
course, lower the price of tobacco, our smoking clubs
may now fairly look forward to enjoy the " fa/sing"
times of peace.
According to Madame CATALANI'S own statement,
she realised by her talents in this country the enor-
mous sum of One Hundred Thousand Pounds !
but, as once into the Court of Chancery, there is
getting oat of it : in every Theatre in Paris Madame
CATALAN' hears Lord Upon's judgment—" I would
not give sa. to hear her sing all the year round."
Extract of a Private Letter from Paris, dated
December 26th, 1814:
" The affair of General Ezeelmans has become much more
serious than it was at first considered. It is nut, however, true,
as has been said, that be was conveyed to Viucennes. The order
to arrest bhn was issued, but as he had obtained previous infor-
mation of It from his friends (who are numberless', he effected
his escape by preclpita ing himself from his chamber window,
and afterwards scaling the wall of the garden of the house which
be occupied. He was under the guard of, tour gem d'armes and
an Officer. The former were in his anti-chamber, mid the latter
was in his own room. The Officer who guarded him when be
made his escape, says that he fell asleep, and that the General
availed himself of the opportunity to get away. This explanation
of the Officer has been deemed by no means satisfactory, and he
has been placed under arrest.
" The care taken by the Moniterr, as well as all the ether
Paris Papers, in giving only insignificant scraps of the papers read
in the Chamber of Deputies. when this affair was discussed, war-
rants 114 in concluding that these 'insert contained matter of the
utmost importance as well as delicacy. But as the whole is to
be printed by order of the Chamber, it will soon come to the
knowledge of the public.
" We may be allowed in the mean time to say, that this affair,
which originated under the Ministry of Dupont, was hudied up
by means of some friends of General Excelmans. But Soult, the
new Minister of War, (who, by spewing a great deal rtmre zeal
than necessary for the Bourbons, would wish to efface the recol-
lection of the bitter proclamations which be issued against them
. daring his last engagements with the Auglo.Spinish army), has
Will brought the matter forwarti, to rum Excelmans, and inti-
midate a number of other officers, who alread) hold up their
boa Unfortunately, however, for the peaceably disposed, it
awns that these Officers are very far from being intimidated, as
during the whole time of General Excelmans' being confined to
his own house under arrest, be received visits from a great num-
bee of Generals and Officers. The military police stationed as
spies at his door, to remark the persons who visited him, were
quite alarmed.
" It has also been said for these some days pastt that three
Colonels have left Paris and gone through the Dep
for the purpose of increasing the existing disturbancesarvtdixr
spect to the recal of the conscripts.
Among other things, it is said to he beyond doubt, dun 14
Dijon the refractory conscripts have been daring enough to rani
away the Kings portrait from the Town-house, and to consign ft
to the flames. As the enthusiasm of the people of Dijon for
the Bourbons, at the time of their restoration, is fresh in every
one's recollection, this information has excited a very general
astonishment. But such are the French !
" It is said, that among the persons implicated in the affair of
General Excelmans were a M. de FLahaut and another officer of
high rank. This M. de Flahaut belongs to the ci-dtvant Prince
de Benevento. He is one of the exploits of hi, youth. Madame
de Flahaut, the mother of this Officer, is now Madame de Suza,
M. de nano was one of Bonaparte's Aides-de-Camp. Hewes
greatly in favour with Bonaparte ; and if his master bad not
fallen, he would have had a very brilliant fortune. Hiss pis.,
mai lairs. We shall see how M.Talleyrand will extricate him

from this affair.
" Among other particulars in circulation respectial this sAllr~
It is said that the person who drew up the Petition promo. hif
the wife of Excelmans to the Chamber of Deputies, was M. gen.
jamin Constant.
41 In the midst of all this, which has shocked every body, is
the seeing such a spy and sakrat as Laborde figure away in the
business. It most not be forgotten that it was so this monster
(who was one of the most odious of Bonaparte's satellites) that
the failure of the noble and courageous undertaking of the im-
mortal General Maid was owing. It Is well known that the
printing of the papas by the Chamber of Deputies, was occa-
sioned by the indignation felt by almost all the Deputies, that the
Government reposing confidence in such a wretch as Laborde,
" In fact, all people of character at Paris now say, that as
this man is a confidential servant of Government, we may every
day expect to see Savary, Desmarets, and the other contempti-
ble knaves who were at the police of Bonaparte, again make
their appearance on the stage.
." It Is said that General Excelmans, before his escape, trans-
mitted a declaration to Government, that ilk speaking ot 16,000
men in the intercepted letter, he only meant to endeavour to
procure situations under Joachim for the 16,0110 officers at pre-
sent without etaployment In France.
" The place ot General Excel:nen', concealment, however, is
not known. All the efforts of the Police to arrest Lim have hi-
therto been Ineffectual. There are persons who say that he hat
gone with M. de Flahaut, to join Murat, at Naples. will
clear up this. ,
" P.S. It is just now rumoured, dot Genoa!! Greniers Calsists
and Moulon, were the accomplices of Eaceisnasis ; 'Vet 'it is at
the same time said, that these rumours are merely the work of a
party. All this must, however, bi dared op soon, oats way
of other."
