NAY AL INTELLIGENCL

PORTSMOUTH. JULY 21.
Arrived his Majesty's ship B*AzxN, from Barba-
does, in 31 days; also his Majesty's ship Iltruniam,
from Jamaica—sailed Ist of „furies and from the Ha-
vannah 14th same month,Ond has on board 800.000
dollars for merchants. By the RIFLEMAN we have
the following information :—His Majesty:, ship Cue-
RUB was expected from the Coast of Africa ; she had
sent into Jamaica a Spanish brig and schooner from
the Havannah, detained. by her on the coast on suspi-
cion of piracy. His Majesty's ship Satataaml3, Cap- i
taxes Sir James Yzo, arrived from the Coast of Africa
the 28th May, and was to sail for England the 4th
June ; she had lost her bowsprit and a topmast in a
squall. His Majesty's ships PRIMROSE and BEAVER
had sailed from the Havannah for Jamaica; the
PIQUE sailed from Jamaica Ist June for St. Jago de
Cuba and St. Dominp); the BM( had sailed with a
convoy for Santa Martha;" the TTRIAN had also
sailed for Vera Cruz; the LARNE was daily expected
at Jamaica, from Vera Cruz, with a large quantity
of specie; the SYBILLE had also sailed from Jamaica
for Campeachy. A Spanish convoy sailed June 13,
for Cadiz.
CHATHAM, JULY 19.
The EURYALUS is put into commission. and is or-
dered to be fitted for a foreign station. The TARTAR
is very forward in her fitting, and will soon be ready
for sea. The COROMANDEL was put out of Dock
yesterday, after a slight repair, and is to be fitted for
a store-ship. The whole of the ordinary will be paid
a quarter's wages on Thursday or Friday next.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, JULY Sl. • . •
Sam srveravn lirwaaos.—The Diana, Dassde;
Moller ; Christiania, Clog ; and Jonge Willem Moryeldwilr '
116:F
Rotterdam ; Jonge Jon. Haverbult, from Antwerp ; of
Anglesea, Hoppe Pajt;.; and Prince of Waterloo, Pli 1, tows
Ostend ; Maria, Dahlmam, from Grit ; Marta Joanna, Swissair
from Stockholm; Eatma, Courtney, from St. Petersballi,
Atlanta, Pain, from Hamburgh ; Stately, Findlay, from SOS,
and George, Ault, from Heligoland.
OUTWA IDL—The Blossom, Harrington for istabassiiir
rant, Kibber, for Belfast; Elizabeth, Hide, he I
Ann, Wilson ; and Venerable, George, for DAIS; &WSW%
Scotland, for Elsineur ; Ophelia, Frocter' for Gllstikar; Ms,
Ritchie, for Embden ; Probity, Cooper, for Wm;
stein, Purchase, for St. Kites; Hoop, Smith; et Foal, ::.,
for Ostend ; Twee Brothers, Vries, for Oust a* Ghent ;
Diana, Rae, for Milan; and William Pitt, Cunabillasi, for
Quebec and MontreaL
• Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at
Gibraltar, dated June 29;--" By letters received on
the 19th from Tangiers, it appears that some deaths
have occurred, strongly suspected to be of the plague,
which, it is feared, has been introduced,by a vessel'
from Alexandria, with 400 pilgrims on board, who
landed there ; but in consequence of no further. ad-
vices being received, the Captain of the Port and the
Inspector of Hospitals here sailed last night for that
place, to ascertain whether it is really the plague :
they are expected back to-morrow, and when their
report is made public, I shall lose no time in com-
municating it to you."

Mascitzsraa.—The extensive and valuable spin-
ning establishment of Meters..oaatiOn and HARD..
CASTLE, at 13bIton was, with the exception of one of
the mills, totally consumed by fire, on Monday morn-
ing. The damage is estimated at Forty Thousand
Pounds. We regret to find, that the strongest sus-
picions are entertained that the conitagratson was
Rot the effect of accident, but d:sign. The reftactory
workmen are still standing out. and their numbers
daily increasing.
The whole 'of Devonshire has become a scene of
festival and rejoicing, in consequence of what is
styled the " Triumph of Devon," as achieved in the
return of Lord EBRINGTON to Parliament, in place
of the late Member Sir T. D. ACKLAND. On Sa-
turday last, a Public Dinner was given to his Lord-
ship by his friends at Plymouth—and there have
bten also similar meetings at Ottery St. Mary, Tot-
ness, Harberton, and Dartmouth, Three thousand
three hundred and ninety-seven plumpers voted for
Lord EBRINGTON ; for Mr. BASTARD, 297 ; for Sir
THOMAS ACKLAND, 165. Of split votes, 693 voted
for his Lordship ; for Mr. BASTARD, 5532 ; for Sir
T. ACKLAND, 3639. If we take two split votes as one
plumper, Lord EBRINGTON brought 3743 freeholders
to the poll ; Mr. BASTARD, 2063 ; Sir T. ACKLAND,
only 1984, giving a majority of freeholders to Lord
EBRINGTON, above Sir T.Acittßan, of 1759; above
Mr. BASTARD, of 1680.

A " Freeholder of Portsmouth" requests us to con-
tradict a report, published in another Paper, that
there had been a public meeting held there of a re,
spectable and select party of Freeholders to celebrate
the return of Sir FAANcts BURDrrT for Westminster.
Some private dinner party may have chosen to assume
to themselves this designation, but it is a fact, our
Correspondent states, that there has been no public
dinner of the description stated.
The arduous and unprecedented contest for the
County of Brecon terminated on 'Thursday (the 15th
day), at three o'clock, when Colonel Woop was de-
clared duly elected, being his fourth return. The
numbers were, 839 for Wool), and 802 for Mene.An,
majority 37. The ceremony of chairing took place
in the evening.
riiday a youth, ten years old, the son of Captain-
D.ty, of Taunton, while amusing himself with a
companion in the Priory Fields, with shooting at
small birds, the gun unhappily went off, and its con-
tents were lodged in the back of the sufferer, who
rum lies in a dangerous state.
Wednesday, a melancholy accident happened at
Titteridge, in the parish of Worrington. Mr. Pares
BRENTON, son of the late Jottn BitarcroN, Esq. went
out in the morning to bathe, as he had been accus-
tomed so to do for some time past, in the river Tamar,
which runs by the house, and told his mother he
should return to breakfast. His prolonged absence,
however, excited alarm, and his brother and a friend
went in search of him. They found his clothes on
the bank, and after some further search, discovered
his body entangled among some rocks at the bottom
of the river. The gentleman who accompanied his
brother, being a good swimmer, brought out the
body, but animation was extinct. Mr. BRENDOW had
just completed his clerkship with an attorney.
Mn. COBEETTr-It iS strongly reported that Mr.
COBBETT is arrived in Town. It is said he sailed at
the same time with his family, in another vessel, in
order to avoid observation at landing, as he intends
making the necessary arrangements with the persons
to whom he is indebted before his arrival Is publicly
announced.

, THE AUSTRIAN COURT.

V/EYSA, JULY s.

After an absence of nearly three months, the Em-
peror and Empress arrived at the Palace yesterday,
and this morning, at, four o'clock, according to cus-
tom, bis Imperial Majesty received, with hic own
hand, Petitions from hi, people of all denominations.
The example is worthy of imitation ; and " as ex-
ample prevails where precept fails," it ought to be
made known in England. The Emperor of Austria
devotes two mornings in the week, during his resi-
dence at Vienna, to the receiving of Petitions; and
in order that the time of the poor, and persons in
humble life, may not be wasted, every Wednesday
and Saturday morning, at four o'clock, is the ap-
pointed hour, when each supplicant delivers his Peti-
tion to the Emperor in his private chamber, where
he sits alone, and into which the people, one by one,
are admitted by the Royal guard in attendance.—
Three days afterwards the Petitioner is informed of
the result, through the medium of an (ice insti-
tuted for that purpose.

Young Napoleon was taken to Baden, about three
post! from Vienna, two days ago, to pay his respects
to his Imperial grandfather, and congratulate him on
his return. The bov is a fine thriving fellow, and
bears a close resemblance to his exiled Father. His
Imother, Maria Louisa, Duchess of Parma, is here at
present. The environs and ramparts of Vienna, which ,
were so much injured by the French, when they
bombarded the city, are repairing. Many hundreds
of the military are employed upon them. It is tu-
Mowed that Lord Stewart does not return Ambas-
sador to Vienna. The son of Fouche. a tall hand-
some young man, has been in Linz these ten days,
endeavouring either to purchase or hire a house for
his father, who is now at Prague. There are many
large mansions in the city of to let, but not one
sufficiently capacious to accommodate Fouche and
family. The son declared that his mother and suite
alone must have twenty-two chambers. However, as it
is indispensible Fouche should remove from Prague,
the son has taken, as a temporary residence, a house
in the Grand Place, near the Cathedral of Linz.
From unquestionable authority I inform you that
Fouche is at this time in treaty for si.r Seignories, all
on the banks of the Danube. For two of them only
he has offered sixty thousand pounds sterling. Four
of the names are as follow—Keimbrg, Wetsembach,
Zellhcy; and Kreutsen.
Jerome Bonaparte lives upon his estate, about two
posts from Vienna. He has purchased a mansion
nrar the city, but the Emperor has refused his per.
mission to him to reside there. Jerome effected an
exchange of home at an extra cost and at a great loss.
Provisions, and indeed all the necessaries of life, am
much dearer in Vienna now than under the reign of.
Bonak—although it must be confessed the pre-
sent Emperor is most ardent in his endeavours to
ameliorate and soften the condition of the poor.—
There is a prospect of a most abundant harvest
throughout Hungary, both in corn and wine.
My information ought to be the more acceptable,
when it is recollected that this country is far distant,
and that the Press here is in a state of too great
slavery and subjection to allow of much communi-
cation of any interest through public channels.

. The last accounts from St. Hdena, mention a rej
port prevalent on the island, that in consequence of
representations from NAPOLEON, or from other cif.•
cumstances, he would slim* quit Loncnod, and
reside at a Mr. LEECII'd farm, which had or was
about to be purchased for his future residence. The
latter is situated to the westward of the only landing
(place on the island, about three or four miles in the
interior. The only access to it is a winding way up
the Ladder-hill, at the top of which is a strong bat-
tery. The accounts state that it was considered by
every person net only the most pleasant residence on
the island, but that all chance of escape was rendered
impossible, as any person-approaching could be seen
at a great distance; and as there was only one path,
a few sentinels would be sufficient for the purpose of
guarding it. , The fortifications on Ladder-hill are
represented to be of the most commanding descrip-
tion, large cannon looking nearly perpendicularly
down both on the narrow pass and also towards the
sea. Some of them are 32 and 44-pounders ; they
are swung in chains, and could on the instant be le-
velled at any object, however much below the range
of the guns. By means of a telegraph at the house
of Mr. Lreen, communications could be had in a
few seconds with the Governor's house, or with any
part of the island. The greatest attention continued
to be paid to all vessels sailing from the island. On
its being made known by signal, that a vessel is
about to sail from the island, the Officer on duty
.makes himself MITE that BONAPARTE is at his resi-
dence, or, to speak in the language of the island,
"he sights him. The signal is then made for the
vessel to depart, and if she does not instantly heave
her anchor, the batteries commence firing, and con-,
tinue till the vessel has cleared the Bay.
POLAR Ica.—A Letter from Copenhagen commu-
-fnicates the following details upon the breaking up of
the ice on the coast of Greenland :

0' Four hundred and fifty square miles of ice has recently
detached itself from the eastern coast of Greenland and the
neighbouring regions of the Pole. It was this muss which,
during 400 years had rendered that province at first difficult of
access, and at last inaccessible, so as even to cause its existence
to be doubted. Since 1786 the reports of the whalers have 10-
variably related to some changes, more or less considerable, in
the seas of the North Pole ; but at the present time so much ice
has detached itself, and such extensive canals are open amidst
what teamins, that they can penetrate without obstruction, JS
far as the aid degree. All the seas of the North abound with
these floating masses, which are driven to more temperate
,Climates. A packet front Halifax fell in with one of these

'lslands in a snore southern latitude than the situation of Lon-
don; it appeared about half a mile in circumference, and its
elevation above the water was estimated at two hundred feet.
This breaking up of the Polar lees coincides with the continual
tempests from the S.E. accompanied with baits, rains, storms,
and a very electrical state of the atmosphere ; circumstances
which, during three years, have caused us to experience in'
Denmark hot winters, and cold humid summers. On the 25th
of May there fell at Copenhagen five showers of hail, to each
of which succeeded a dead calm. Many mariners are apprehen-
sive that the ice will fix itself on the eastern coasts of America ;
but whilst the north-east winds prevail, these floating masses
will disappear in the southern ocean. Some of these float-
ing islands conveyed forests and trunks of trees. We notice this
last fact principally for the satisfaction of geologists who attri-
bute to phenomena of this sort, the blocks of foreign granite
found in the chain of the Jura mountains, and conveyed at the
epoch when out highest mountains were covered with water."
