SCINTILLA.

ImaY nokbe unduly anxious a!olis fruit of their

WOODEN Cows.—What species of litood should Miss
Paton name to describe herself and her " broad-shouldered" beau ?
Mahogany—( My hog and I.)—What kind of Wood hints what she
ought to do ? Pine.. What kind does Wood affect to be like ?
Spruce.—What kind expresses her first address to her ✓osrph ?
Willow—( Will you.)—With what kind world Miss Paton praise
her friend!—Eh! bossy Wood—(Ebony wood.)

COCKNEY Cows..—Why is St. Paula like a bird's
nest? Built by a Wren.—Why are the French likely to be in the
dark ? Going to extinguish the Dey.—Why is the devil riding on
a mouse like two words having the same meaning ? Because it is
sin.on-a-mouse.—Why is a man in trouble like a snail ? Because
he is in a hard case.

One of the settlers at the Swan River carried with
him a speculation of tombstones !
General de Boigne, who died lately at Chamberry, has
by his will left not only large sums to his relations, but he ha di.
ceded handsome legacies to he paid to several charities. The total
amount of property thus directed to be disposed of is 3,678,000
francs.

---
MOURNINO FOR THE DEAD.—In the Mosiac law
,the Israelites were commanded not to cut themselves for the dead.
The original Hebrew has, however, a more extensive meaning than
=mend *eludes all assaults on their own persons, arising from
to grief, such as beating the breasts, tearing the hair, &e.
were commonly practised by the heathen who had no hope
particularly by the Egyptians, which might af.
for the 51r prohibition.

1

1

acting eapecloyhitowirdeinrrofer;;Vhiari,;coinCooiprOinikt „ C immoderate grief, such as beating the breasts, tearing the hair, &e.
ember Hans. At the same time we feel an affectionate solkitode that they nbkh were commonly practised by the heathen who had no hope
of a resurrection, particularly by the Egyptians, which might af-•
.. feed a particular reason for the 3losaic prohibition. We may also
cond. may not be unduly anxious as to the fruit of their exertions ; but
observe that among the Romans it was urdaised by one of the laws
mallet In COlnOstre ft:lure
eincmloclintisthaT ttosela
esusewhaters
nowiltromowe
of the twelve tables, t 4 Let not Women tear their faces, or make la..
ad es.. for us to be foind In a m'eek and quiet spirit, endeavouring to d •
mentations at funerals," which proves that this was the custom
a,mabuyt beßis.en: It
lejters- our duty, and thus to fill up the measure of usefulness designed for
knew us by our HEAVENLY FATRER. with the Romans, previously to making this law. No doubt the
law itself wax immediately borrowed from the Athenian code, of
I True Christian lair has nolhnite : when it governs and takei
which it is a literal transaction. The Priests of Baal (I Kings, ch..
a.
country, and andd evallyheszt,manitulestasbrtecimaider. uernedvnery wa:luntrtruyit:44o":' 18, v. Fl.) assaulted themselves with knives and lances ; which
loam, equivalent to cutting themselves. Nov was this frantic
Igo sew of its heavenly influence, and of the Inestimable blessings . I
cause. the Gospel of Cllntrr, we reverently desire that it may please t . custom confined to the Priests of Beal; the Galli, and other de-
votees of the Syrian goddess,cut their anns, and scourged each others
of lest LORD to hasten the coming of y, when, from tbe rising . •
tentiel the sun even to the going down of ache same, His name shall be • backs. According to Lucian, " Baars Priests," says Dr. Leland,
of me- among the Gentiles; and, in every place, incense shall be . erell " were went to cut and shish themselves with knives and lances."
ag the unto His name, and a pure ofeting. The same
take notice of the solemnities of Cybele, the mother of the gab. thing wee practised in the worship of Isis, according to
those We understand that the yearly meeting of Friends has instru - -
Herodotus, and of Relict's, as Lucian mentions. Many authsw
there es standing Committee to petition the Legislature for the imtnedisle
earned total abolition of slavery, under the conviction that slavery fis whose Priests, in their sikzed processions, made hideous noises rasarinfore system opposed to the prhreiples and pprr to of the Gospel, and bowline, tutting themselves till the blood gushed out as they west
Fro ob- cannot be continued under any modi&atiion without Meaning ti 111008.
on ac- guilt of sin. We are glad the Society, of Friends have placed then i-----
;ibesitisiony
regquersetiont,
certaion
thsfsinceincznfritroevneicitoblethpeosabolkieindenasof
slaweverybanrithaseen,vawriett. - --
On the Sid Inst. at his housßelißnTkHusseB.ll-square, the wife of Mile'
a you og from this point, and thinking that petitioning for a gradual .. &finger, Req. of a daughter—On the 2d inst. the lady of W. P.
oppie provanent In the condition of the slaves, with a view to ult-1 Ihsbeee, 'l%. of Archangel, of a son.
a ancipation, would be more effective. These persons, hovseq4e 11AltRIED.
richest orget that they &retreating the question as if it wee one of - - On the Ist inst. as Lembhena, Kent, Alfred IStreard, of Black.
1M till political expediency, oveylookleg its condemning character of •
~ ..
• to Katherine, (laughers of Thomas Tanner, Esq. of the * lOW ive guilt.— York Coarcuet. 1 • • • plans.
'beim,
reesmetwes/wserisimasee . --
W can.
DIED.. •
loccip, 'The aectignbi from Limerick state, that there has not 'On the 30th ult. at Rise CORM!. Sawkidgewonh, in, the county
.any rurther rioting. A number of the rioters have been • of Hens, Frederick Lewis Ernest, Baron de Icilitsseb, in the 830
Digits, p, and quaatities•of plunder have been :dlasovitod. In Clara, •as of his cep On the 14th of May last, on his from Do-
vies.
vies. people are retwasented to be fa a sod soma of closiltutisa, me wal!, ' ~ ca, bk. I bonen Downs, of St. Vincent, encgePoti,ig the 34tIP LE they I{Z other plies in that csaatiy.. Till 1004 unitising - • • • .A ; able ege—.oo tbe 25th ult. Thomas Martin, Req. of Enfield,
ir. gig' .that resew,. itself oti the Pliant of the Jpeonle 4, , ii ; aex.
sl slip. '.,they have yet the nines tql*. peak to pews -44 The joy, ' *. -
n Eria ..'they
the month is 1/017 PallieltlOolslll. . kr p." Is • • Leaman: Printed lad Pilhikehal by Joan Wens, at talk Sawa- •
t:
egritttlOrs 4000,1 tats.o-11141101P*0'. r'., %sois::,. - • ':.,,0 ~ ' Ofniftlie4 rhheC4AI,I4I4OIPIO • *
ts .... . , ,
•'' ' •
