GREEKS.

Sir ROPERT WILSON said, lie wished to take 11:e
present opportunity of asking the Hight lion. Admiral opposite, a
question relating to the recent nac.l affairs in the Mediterranean.—
It referred to the consignment of not less than 2,592 of the Greek
population to the most infamous slavery. lie understood that after
the action at Navarin, we bad still 15 or 16 frigates, or sloops of
war, in the Jiediterranean, uninjured, and calculated for servic,—
He would flow inquire whether they had been sent for the purpose
of rellevin the Greeks in a blockade at Patras,aud other fortifica-
ti3ns in the Mediterranean? It was now fully time to put an end
to the present state of things. His question did not proceed from
any party feeling or personal motive whatsov,r. He asked it simply
fur the sake of information, to gratify the solicitude he felt for thr

interests of the Greeks.
Sit GEORGE COCKBURN replied, that there were,
Is English vessels in the Mediterranean, which had not been en-
gaged ; and of those in the action, two or three escaped undamaged.
The vessels not at Navarin were employed at the time on different
_services in distant parts of the Mediterranean, and therefore could
wit be then procured for the duty to which the lion. Member had
referred. The latest account was dated the 21et of November, hut
slot received here until January. Nu mention of the Navy having
been so occupied up to that. period was made in the dispatches.

SALMON risnaillatt.
Sir GEORGE HILL. after a few observations upon the neces-
sity of consulting local interests, presented a Petition frail the
Corporation called the Irish Society, against the Bill before the
House fur regulating the Salmon Fisheries.
After a fewireordt. from Mr. Seem; Rice, Lord LowTNre, Mr.
liiviNct, and Sir R. FiROUSON, the Petition was brought up and
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. LA MB brought up the Annual Returns and Petitions from
the Governors of Irish Charter Schools. The same Right Mon.
Gentleman presented the Irish Miscellaneous Estimates for the
ensuing year. Both were ordered to lie on the table.
all. couarnua SMITH.

Mr. BROUGHAM adverted to the suspension of Mr. Court.-
.. nay Smith, mentioned on a former night, and inquired if there had
been any foundation for it.
,Mr. COURTENA Y replied, that no official communication on
the subject had been received. The name of the Gentleman referred
to appeared still on the list of persons holding judicial appointments
in India. He bad understood, however, that the Gentleman in
question had been called on for an explanation of something that
had publicly fallen from him, but of the particulars be knew
nothing.
Mr. BROUGHAM wished to know by whom Mr. Smith had
been so called on. In this country it was thought quite ominous
that even in India a Judge should be called on to give an explana-
dun of any thing that had fallen from him in the discharge of his
judicial functions.
Mr. COURTENAY said, it was the Vice-President of the
Council who had called fur the explanation in question.
PUBLIC CHARITIES.

Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that when he was, on a
former occasion, spoken to on the subject of Public
Charities, and the Repeats of the Commissioners ap-
pointed to irquire into them, he had expressed some
•ague recollection that the practice hid been fi r the
Attorney General, on the apt lic +Lion of the pat tie., to
take such steps for promoting the en,ls of in, tice as the
occasion might seem to demand, Now the result of
his inquiries was, that s‘i far horn this power being a
dead letter. as had been lepreserved, applications of this
nature had been made under the 591 h of Gen. 111. in
no less than ill cases. The Right lion. Gentleman.
gip a few further obstevations on the subject, moved
for the returns of the several cases which had been so
acted on, and for otherietnrns connected with the subject.
Mr. BROUGHAM seconded the motion of the Right
Hon. Gentleman opposite; in doing which he bore
testimony to the value of the labour of the Commis-
sioners, and the peculiar attention 41 the House to their
proceedings he also considered as highly beneficial. He
thought it most advantageous to the public and the
p►nies that there should be a registration of the income
of every chanty, and none could,che hater than that

.... Ift

produced by publicadon-a‘none could be better than the
registration or the press. He thought, even already the
labours of the Commissioners had become apparent, in
the new huildings for charitable purposes, which were
every where making their appearance throughout the
country.
Sir J. YORKE v ishei to know when the labours of
the Commissioners were likely to terminate.
Mr. BROUGIIA NI (after an observation from Mr.
Secretary Peel and Mr. J. Martin) aid, he thought that
in about lout years the labours of the Committee might
be brought to a close.
Mr. HUME said a few words, after which,

Mr. Secretary PEEL concurred in thinking that the
publication of the Reports was highly beneficial. He
thought that if the returns he moved for were likely to
afford any of the information sought for by the Hon.
Genthman opposite, it would be more convenient and
expensive that he should make a corresponding al-
teration in his tri- oti 'n.

Mr. W. HA RVEY assented to making the alteration
which the Right Honourable Gentleman opposite stig•
Bested. As to the duration of the authority of the Com-
missic.ners, he said it must terminate by law in July or
Augu,t neat.
'1 he motion was ;hen agreed tn.
CATI:OLIC PETITION.

Mr. BROUGHAM rose to present the Petition of the
Ca'holic Body of Ireland, containing the signatutes
of all the leading interest in that Body, CO3 rormers as
well as Peers. They prayed for a Repeal of all Tests
and Oaths which prevented the Roman Catholics horn
taking seats in the Legislature. He should now move
that it be printed, and bring it unher the thither con-
sideration of the Horse on the `29th of April, when his
Hon. Friend, the NI, mbet for Westmhster, would
bring lor,a aid tl.e Qde.tion of Admission to Offices.
He thought the general question would detive any
thing but advantage hom a separation of these can
features.—Ordered to be printed.

Ililliima
