•NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

The Aloot.-fripte, Captain bloaaoe, has been removed front
the coast of Africa to reinf•rce the squadron in the East Indies.
Captain Alums is appointed to command the Nom' STA ft fri-
gate at Woolwich._

Lord WILLIAM Paorr b appointed Commander of the Pubobal.
sloop of war, at Plymouth.
Arrived off Dover. the Ann, Wasos, from Nlitamkhl; and the
Apollo, SIETZILIGHT, from Cork.
FALMOVTII, Dec, 26.—Wind N. VV.—Arrived the Anne, MA.
vnawsos, from St. Petersburgh. Sailed the Dove packet, for the
Leeward Islatols.

I'ONTSMOI7II4, Dec. 27.—Wind frets the
Downs' the Sylvia, MACILI7, for Rio Janeiro; Ilussaren, Olsson,
for the Cape of Good Hope ; Eweretta, limit, for Trinidad ; and
the Weliington' Attu, for Jamaica. Sailed his Majesty's ship
Chosoolp, for Lisbon; his Majesty's ship histisincerr, for Ja-
maica ; Four Brothers, Foinemi, for St. Michael's; and the Two
Friends, WONTS, tor orb

Dac. 7.—Wind N.W.—Put back, the Quebec packet,
—..., for London, having lost an ancktir in Margate Roads. The
Richards, John, Fleetwood, Kingston, and Cameron, sailed at
three, e.*. Several vessels are passing from ltamsgate harbour.
Arrived from the River, and sailed, the Casar, ---.—, for Sierra
Leone; Xenophon, Futuna, for Charleston; Catherine, CASAM,
for Portukal; Eagle Grove, FALINER, for the West Indies; Delta,
Cullman, for America; and the Figur) and S*ah, Warr, for
Malta. Must of the outward bound have left the Downs. The
Mary Ann,---, and Jane, Hamm, remain, with loss a anchor
and cable.

Livaavoot, Dsc. no... Wind N.—Arrived the !dila, Woon-
aaaav, from Charlestonsailed 4th instant • Atlas, Cacao, from
Ceara ; Elizabeth, Niu.sos, from Demerara:a-vaned s`.ld ultimo;
the Diehard, for Liverpool, was to sail in two or three days;
Thorium, Brows, and Idris, ham Miramichi; John,
MAIM! from Prince Edward's Island; Mil Hannah, Caowaxa,
from Halifax.

Coat, Dec. 20.—The Britifbnia, of Padstow, 72 tons, was lost
' in the gale of last night, at Ballyaudrine Bay, about ten miles west
of Ball cotton. She struck on a rock, quite close to the store, at
about Sit o'clock, and was dashed to pieces. Every person on
board, except the Captain, was lost. I send a list of all on board
when she struck ; she was in ballast :—Joys Biomes, Captain, was
saved ; James Simmons, Owner; William Power, Mate; John
Gibbs, of Monmouthshire; David Williams, from Newport;
David (surname unknown), of Marino, near Passage. The ellptain
lashed himself with another to a rack, where they remained, with
thus waves breaking over them, for six hours, till they were per-
ceived at daylight. The Captain was with the utmost diffatuilty
got off, but his companion was at the time quite dead,sand has been
since washed away. Medical aid for the Captain was procured by
Faants itowtaND, Esq. and he is likely to do well.

The principal Louden
.bankers are doing all in their
power to le.sen the circulation of one and two pound
-note. in the country ; and instances have occurred in
which a positive refusal has been given to continue to
conduct the agency for country banks, unless the small
notes within a given time shall be withdrawn from
circulation. The ohiet is, if possib!e, to exclude all
country bank-notes under the value of Ed. each.
The Court of France went into mourning on Sunday
last, for twenty-one days, for the late Emperor ALexa
ANDtft. The mourning is to be black for the first
eleven days,•and white ior the last ten. The Court of
the Netherlands has also gone into mourning for six
week, r the first three weeks in full, and the remainder
in hail mourning.
The* rs ryal Military Academy of Wo ir.vich is at pre-
sent so. much exhausted of CaJets, who had passed
that Academy, in consequence of the numerous Corn-
miss;ons that were*given them in April last in the line,
that to meet the vacancies now in the Artillery and
Engineers, puticu:arly . the latter corps. circulars
have. been forwarded to those Ensigns with their Regi-
ments at home,' to know if they will be re-commissioned
in the 0. dnance Regiments ? Their answers generally
have not been favourable to the measure.

A party of the Police and a Bailiff, on E.iday
mot mng last, proceeded to the house of a Capt. Beggs,
at the top of Phipsborrgh Avenue, Dublin, •in order
to at rest him. One of them, mote daring thaw the rest,
ascended seine 'tees, for the purpose of getting over
the garden wall; :tad, tough cautioned by the Captain,
not to proceed further, I:e utsregarded the caution, and
jiimps•d into the garden, when the Captain immediately
discharged a gun, the contents of which were lodged in
the neck of tie policeniati, and lie died instantly,
Captain Beggs then armed him•ulf with a case of pistols,
proceeded out of the fu,use, and threatened to shoot the
firs man that approached hia,, by which in:ans he
-stapes!. The body of the dead f.oli.eniati remained in
the gat den until an Inquest could be held up nit.—lt
is said, Mr. Beggs was t • ken into custody.
The ciazeite of last tioht contains 41t order f r the
C.'ourt to go tilt) mous Ling_for tree vecks for the late
of hies c o:. 1:1;!.t 1.:46Z•

~'

LITERATURE.

A percion,dticLailt.erwantur
work,
forwii
muitc
undiminished
mhe
deimanlse
diamiair
ita
siohln
neB
d7f.
°l.the
Hpietarticularlr e.
i he Annual Rev,ister ; oY% A view
. The volume Ptible)tijieorateirlietuTfsori°,:
Qty,poluics
Mr:ii
.Ur k .
a.
s'
splendid talents and reputation did not disdain to edit,
it
tepehwda
asrequite
been
o fl i
halfnnno o ouatrheecdrenwrt
ieutchr(y)
what an Annual Register should be, an impartial and
honest history of the year.
It containrw Ti it rative of events, foreign and domestic.
a rec^,rd of occurrences; and a retrospective vie, o;
politics ; a history of the progress of literature and xi:
ence, with extracts from the fno•t valuable bank, ; arki
a large collection of official documents, particularly va.
to assume 4
luahle for reference. As a specimen,, we
lowing remarks on the present Administration:
" It must be admitted that there "as anmethitig.ol.
peculiar goo,' luck in the circumgancesp:hoi,dchwil n
the
brought
:he present Foreign S•cretary and the Chancellor of the
Exchequer into power, preci.ely at the
general prospects of the .State had begun
brighter aspect ; when, to use the commm plira,e. the
corner of our difficulties Hid been in a manner turned,
and the period of sacrifice and privation was about to
be succeeded by general improvement in our resources,
and gradual remission of the pressure of public bur.
dens. But we do not think that the popularity ( f the
Ministers in question is altogether ascribable to this
circumstance: or that much of it is not to he directly
attribited to the more enlarged and enlightened view
which seem to mark the measures of the Cabinet since
the period of the changes in cpsestion.. Tat it bimiii.i
fall to the lot of the present Chancellor of the Etche.
quer to takeoff taxes, instead of laying them on, as was
the more invidious duty of his predecessor, i. no Juubc
to be ascribed to circumstances over winch neither the
'one nor the other of those statesmen could.exercie ..:).
effectual cuntroul ; but there still r. mains much to a;,..
plaud in the greater simplicity and directness ~f Mr.
Itobinson'sfivanCial arrangement and ezpoinn3, arl
its the manner in which he has sought to inalot 1'...e re.
mission of tasa.ion co-operate towards the revie4l k 1
our foreign trade. So with respect to the m ,re eu•
larged and enlightened system which Air. Hublci,stal
has introduced into our c3nametcial ald colonial po.
licy. After admitting the full merit of his predeces.
sors at the Board of Trade, for the opening which they
had made to this important change, it must be ;dined
that the present President has cam. d a spirit into those
measures more decided and systematic of reform, which
promises to accomplish, within no very distant period,
the most important revolution which our commetcial
histor y has witnessed,

" In considering, under this point of vied, the los
reign relations of the country, we perhaps 5.11411 111
some measure invert the application of our remark; for
here it is the fashion to give Mr. Canning the credit of
having directly reversed the general policy of his pre.
decessar. But in this also, as in every other case, Lir.
cumstan:es have done more than individuals. Lord
Londonderty, had he lived, whatever may have been
his monarchical or aristocratical propensities, must, at
the Minister of a free country, have cea-ed v. co.ope.
rate with his friends of. the Holy Alliance, from the
moment of their declaration of a systematic crusade
against any attempt to introduce a' more liberal system
of Government ioto the Continental Stites f Europe..
This disuniod of policy on the part of fi igland was, ire
tact, sufficiently manifested, both in our conduct to-
wards Naples, arid still more in the dispatch in which,
shortly after the outbreaking of the Spanish Revolu-
tion, the late Foreign fiectetary deprecated any inter•
ference on the part of the Alliance, for the interruption
of suppression of *at movement. So far the conduct
of the Government was necessarily. dictated to it, bat
by the spirit of oar own institutions and the prevailing
direction of public opinion in the country.
el Mr. Canning's peculiar merit, we think, lies much
less in the particular c .urse of proceeding which he
has adopted in these transactions than t..e language he
has used, and the principles which he has pu forward
in justification of that course. In. saying this, we are
very far fir. m intending any depreciation of the value
of his services; on the contrary, none can rat: than
more highly. In these days of the almost paramount
authority of public opinion, the language of the Eng-
lish Minister is, perhaps, of as much importance as bit
measures. Our simple protest against the iweasion of
Spain, grounded as it was upon a general disclaimer
of the principles on shicti that act of aggression was
professed to be founded, was a measure prohably.of
I more salutary consequence to the liberties of Europe
'than would have been the expedition of a fleet sled
army to the assistance of the Spanish Constitutionalists,_
if attributable to no other.purpose than that of resisting
the political preponderance which France was abut to
acquire in the Peninsula. It is much less by the stees
which he his adopted,
than the tone in which he has
spoken, that Mr. Canning has, to use the phrase of the
French politicians, placed his country at the head of el-
viliaation.. We doubt not but that a large, powerful,
and growing party, throughout Europe, 10.. k up to hint
as the best assertor of their. principle,, and the mutt
effectual protector of their rights. This is a hie, but
critical and arduous situation: Mr. Canning, we are
sure, perfectly appreciates all its importance and glory:
and has hitherto manifested no want of that refined diss
cretion and delicate precision, which is necissary to
guide both his movements and his language in a 13,isi•
Lion, of such nice and complicated difficulty.'
a. •
Janus; or, the itdinburgh Literary Almaaack for H.ee
Such is the title of a new annual publication which
has just appeared in Edinburgh:- In Germanys, the
most popular writers send their contributions to the
Almanacks, and from the contents of this .yolutne
we
should say the example has been followed in this ho
stance. Indeed manrof articles are evidently theflros
ductions of the ablest pens, and we have heard the names
of some of the writers, whose literary reputation is so
high as to confer a distinction on any work to which
they contribute. We take, almost at random, the
ing characteristc sketches, which we extract from a
very clever article, entitled " Glasgow Revisited: „,
"'Duly I find sad havoc among my fatn.'t
faces.' A new race of men appears to occupy the stic.tf
the' Crown on the Causeway' boasts no longer the steel):
tenants, whose forms my imagination had blended
inextricably with its proud elevation. Where is the
voluminc usly decorous perriwig, topped with the We'
brageous cocked hat, th It announced the ape:n.464
rotor of Divinity, and, dicta citius, hushed iota;
whisper tl.e noisiest cackle of the t rest circle
loungers ? • Whet e the author i:ative step of that 11"11/14
generation.of Provosts, any one cf whom would ha'.
deemed. it a Scarcely less heitious indignity to ar'l''2l..!;
ri.:ol.B3te cutv9, t!.a.i out Of bIAtA 46V:"

V;liere
band,

of Cap'
snd w(1

e

whve
white!'

.
°hymn
isr,d dr4
toff e'r
blends

No un

,nee
utmost
Xsculs
ries of
and dip
of son"
it se
one•
.1

a single
'Pl:Ars:
a5:Te

ii Of

to ;116
whet e
chat,
come t
foun
where

Gothic
data g
;lig of
tall an
appear
tainly

til.s
4' seer
must CI

of it it
shadin
>t mau
for the
shadol
could

of gri
• enorm
liessi:
MO qi
$6

him ale
'e (ht
save th
the oth
411ust p
Ways tl
*matt(
of each
atikwai

gesture
hiatus
ofthe
plisbau
eat~rsi
the ha)
How
but a
the of
crew)
lid, as
has]
Word
the we
/must
(that a
Mains

of Lo 4—
his yea
anythii
justice,
casting

was a
I can I
• air, th
his pet
buckk
geoust
remelt
some*
noble

sort of
41! I'ru
1.1.11, e
slly ti
roll%
tower
haulm
how e

Ti,
et
Princ4
Ali
held
eetil)
-
Ui
keno
Slay,
k

oh, Where, the prrinted c•ine, the ruffled wriit• •
,
the ' long-rerinditig march and energy divine
c; Ciptain Paton?• Where we ye, ye Ancients,' proud
worth,y of the name? Where are
Lieutenant-Colonel Cornet and his riflemen,
ThAt took up the sword when they laid down the pen ?'

Vb"-„ete is the other hero of the same indigenous Muse,
Brave Colonel Geddes, on his Mick horse—
Not forgetting the gallon Major Curse?'
tilere is the almost solitary each, and the dardaring
01,,:eni,glitc.,p of that hoary, h-spitable, genetons Am-
-triri whucould not dine unless his table were filled ;
P"!
I drove, day after day, all the year round, to K the
e.room," to bring home exactly as many hungry
reads (how could such a man have enemies ?) as he
unoccupied covers? Where is nlw the ample cloak
never was a Roman toga nor Greek pallium more
ozu-t in fold and sweep—of that great septuagenarian
tEsNlapius, who strode here perpetually, hefore the
tre•of all men, a living type of wealth, health, vigour,
a'l dignity—the visible possessor, in his ow n person,
same charm potent over all cares, maladies, and even,l
eemed, length of days? All gone! alas! every
ow. I cannot discover a single single-breasted coat—
i s;,!r,,le white wig—scarcely a single queue, in all the
P'4,• Even powder itself has been discarded—and a
mot in kt,ee-breeches and lambs' wool stockings is a
.47„qs. Dailies thern'selvea wrap their nether bulks in
C,.o.icks; nay, I have seen a D. 1.); in Wellington'.!
It is not, nor it cannot come to, good -- !"

. did
r.Of course, one of the first things I after coming
:o 411, town, was to go and take a look at the Unives sity,
rvliele I spent many really delightful hays; and many
Mat, ahhoitgh rather dull in passing, have long since
come to be very pleasing in the retrospect. Heir also
I ti'lrld sad changes ut all sorts. The inner court,
where I have so often paced, has lost its primitive
liot!lie air altogether; for, though three sides stand in
date Imo, the fourth has been replaced by a new build-
Pi totally different styleof atchitectute, sufficiently
tall aml massive to make the antique remains adjoining
arreAr mean as well as mutilated, and exhibiting cer..
tainly 1.0 ery redeeming beauties in itself. To me—
ws work has broken much of the old charm—the
Nar:er i religio loci" hardly lingers where it reigned. I
rust confess, however, that some amends are made by
t!.e brautiful museum which now graces the garden
tehind. This budding had barely risen above the
s .rface of the ground when I left Scotland. I remember
tl-.; people were busy about its foundation that gloomy
morning when the news of Trafalgar was received by
us all, men and boys, with More of sadness, I think,
at least of a solemn and awful ft eling, than of joy and
thump!). I shall never forget the face with which the
crizbiated John Young, Professor of Greek, c ime out
Lire ended, with the newspaper in his hand, to lead
tlx Gazette to the whole crowd of Togati.
"Ile tro is no more.; he has been dead these several
Mars. I knew that very yell—and yet, I know not
host, it seemed to me. as I passed beneath the old black
orci.way, that Join) Young's figure must still be part
and parcel of " the College." I could not help looking
up to his accustomed window—a pretty young Lady
was watering some flowers in it. A name I had never
tuard of was on the door.

" They 'have no picture of Mr. Young, which I much
wonder at. I think, if I were a limner, I could paint
Lint myself, so intensely accurate and alive to this hour
is my recollection of him. And yet what rainter,unleu he
sere allowed at least half-a-dozen pieces of canvae,could
ever have given anything like an ach quate notion of that
peculiar physioguirny ? The sharp, shrewd, knowing,
ve, hair-splitting look of his couutenar,ce, in one
of its mo :eis, was the most egregious of all possible
contrasts to the high, melancholy, earnest enthusiasm
of it in another, and between these there was a world of
shadings, each deserving of being fixed by the hand of
a mares. I would have given something, nevet theless,
to: the merest daub that bad preserved anything like a
shadow of his features, together with (what nobody
could have failed to hit) the most picturesque profusion
of grey hairs.—the brisk-look:ng little pigtail—the
enormous striped waistcoat—and those never failing
Hessian boots, of which we knew the shuffle dlikj clank
two quadrangles off.
" Young sleeps with his fathers—and dose beside\
him sleeps his old friend, rival, and fellow-labourer, Richardson.
We (boys) respected them both, loved them both, and of course
gave them both nicknames. With us the one was always Cocky,
the other Billy—that is a sort of tax which all pedagogical authority
must pay; nay, perhaps I might go further; Napoleon was al-
ways the Corporal, and Wellington Hooknose, or at best OW Douro,
tatting his staidly. Three tSo Professors were the very antipodes
of each other, almost in everything. Young was short, squat, and
&Award in person—slovenly, very slovenly, in attire--Hurried in
gesture and walk—and, in manner, vivacious to the last degree, and
tea lue. lie had a great deal of the shrewdness and craft of the man
attire world, and had many by no meansschnlastic tastes and accom-
plishments about him, particularly music, in which he was a perfect
emitusiast,but he never could speak three syllables without betraying
the habits of uninterrupted dissertation and unquestioned authority.
How could it be otherwise ? bad been a Professor, and nothing
but a Professor, almost front his boyhood. Air. Richardson, on
the other hand, had travelled in his youth—he had even been se-
tretary to an ambassador—at least such is my impression—and
moreover, the reputation (I dare say must abswdly unfounded),
ral having been, in his day, a gay character in more senses of the
word than one. Ile was a poet, ton, and had acquired a name in
'he world of belles lellres, by some contributions to the iliaror and
Lounger, and some admirable Essays on Shakspeare's character.--
'that on Hamlet, by the way, still keeps its place). Lastly, Mr.
Richardson had an elegant little estate and residence on the bi3OrcS
of Lochlomond, and plAyed the Country Gentleman ore halt of
his year. Thus he would have taken it much amiss, to he comidered
.mything like a mere l'rofessor of Glasgow College ; and, to do hint
though he was a most excellent Professor,. he was widely
sistinguished from most of his class, by the style of his general ap-
,o.arance, manners, and, I believe, indeed, habits of all sorts. lie
:vas a bachelor, and a dandy, In his way, of the first water.—
) can suppose Gray the, poet to have had` something of the same
though Richardson was neither so slim, nor so diminutive in
pecson7-11rtien dressed he wore grand black satin breeches and
hackles, and sea-green or snuff.coloured silk stockings with or-
teously wrought clocks. lie had a delicate rosy complexion, as I
remember hint,—a truly gentleman-like expression of face, though
somewhat print, nn doubt,—a beautifully curled white wig, with a
huble toupee in front, and a ponderous queue behind, the same
"t of *velure, in short, that .me sees in the prints of Frederick
c: Prussia. Nothing could s:trpass the bland courtesy, and, to us
Luis, condescension of his address. Ile used to invite us occasion-
Lily to his suppers, and then he was completely the cow tier in
Inteher, setting us all perfectly at our ease, and taking part in our
ronversation (for he took care it should be ours) with the utmost-
frankness and hilariy. If id people and great people only knew
101 v easily sher can make young people and small people happy !"

et The Gazette of Its: night contains the,appoictment
Mr. Commas bl'Kinuis to be C0116U) Gcnctal et Port-au-
?rime, nay&
Mr. CaIiaINGTOW, Gzatletuan who for mmy yeas
htld a sittiatimt Stationery• Office, was taken sud
eenty Pt in his gardto at Clic alley, neat Bushy, on Sun
Cy. and intosadiatoty espiret%
- Ihnui 14411111513.—Tw0 men In a itate,ot drun
'Matteis went oat to ti,;lit in I lington Vs Ids, on Mon.
liab And one of t' rm, BArimid 11. , i icon, a sawyet,
tj *Err a fight of menu minutes. I's .mtagonisi,
encitts a cht.v.t, iniour2;ll:;ii

_

Alh DAM SON'S SPEECH.
At t! e Londonderry Anniversary (the Shutting of
Gates), which was celebrated in that town on the Bth
inst. Mr. DAWSON, one of the Members for the county
of Derry, in retui ning thanks for the manner in which
hi. health had been received by the company present,
delivered the following speech:
The Honourable Gentleman said, he should indeed
be wanting in every feeling of gratitude to them, and
respect for himself; if he did not attempt to express, in
the warmest language which he could command, tl e
devotion of his heart to their interests, and die deep
sense of ob:igation which the expression of their favour
had conferred upon him. To say that he was proud of
their approbation, and of his connexion with this City,
were but feeble words; he clung to it as the proudest
distinction which can belong to any man in Ireland, as
the best teward th it can recompense any life, however
long and largely devoted to the public service. It was
the proudest boast of some sage of antiquity to have it
said of him, laudari a laudato vino—it was his (Mr. D.'s)
best reward, and his most animating stimulus to public
oxerrion, that he represented in the Pailiament of
the Empire the loyal, the constitutional. the spirited
inhabitant; of this portism of the kingdom. Fall of
the recollections of the miseries w!sich his fellow-repre-
sentatives in Parliament denounce as pervading other
parts of Ireland, he never approached their beautiful
city %%idiotic feeling that he belonged to men of other
habits and other pursuits; in vain he sought for the
lawless ruffian—the midnight assassin—the perjured
violator of the laws, and the associated bands of plun-
derers and incandiaties. In the happy and contented
faces which he saw about him, he tecogitised the em-
blems of love for the laws, and respect Br the established
inoitutions of the country ; he never walked through
their well-regulated streets without finding an active,
industrious, and intelligent population, proudly erect in
ti:e consciousness of independence, and graced with all
the civility and courteousness which the cultivation of
the arts and the pursuits of commerce conftr upon a
people ; he never visited their walls without a glow of
that enthusiasm which: the mountain breeze and the sea-
borne gale have infused into the hardy:citizens, as their
native and peculiar characteristic for successive cen-
turies. Under such impressions the coldest heart must
be warmed ; the meanest understanding must be ele-
vated with the value of the gift arising from the con-
fidence of such men. To betray such a trust would
be imp( ssible, for all men would cry shame upon the
renegade; and to be insensible to the honour of your
approbation would be less than human, for in what
part of the empire could be found a more pure, a
more honourable, or more constitutional and inde-
pendent expression of public feeling, than has been
manifested this day ?—littit. Gentlemen, on the anni-
versary cf this day, we have other things to com-
memorate than the expression of our private feelings
—we ate met hare to celebrate the gallant and glo-
rious actions of our ancestors, and our happy deli-
verance, in consequence of their exertions, from sla-
very and superstition. It has been said, that the
celebration of such events should he abandoned; as for
himself he could never acquiesce in such an injunction ;
such advice can come only from those whose ancestors
have left them no glorious actions to celebrate, and
whose principles prepare them to submit to the tram-
mels of slavery and superstition. To free men—to the
descendants of heroes and martyrs in defence of liberty,
such advice will be not only unwelcome, but insulting
—the heart will repudiate it, and . the understanding
will reject it as contrary to the principles of education,
and to the examples which history and religion have
furnished for our guidance and imitation. In the days
of our youth, when the heart is warm and the mind
unshackled by isorldly considerations, upon what
themes do we dwell? To what subjects do we refer for
refreshment and 41st:tic:ion ? Do we not sympathise in
the straggles of the weak against the strong, in defence
of their rights and liberties; and do we not imbibe a fond-
ness fur freedom and the rights of man, in dwelling
upon such conflicts ? Do we not applaud the sufferings
and the sacrifices of the patriot, while we detest, if we
cannot bleak down, the despotism of the tyrant? What
father would refuse to instil such lessons into the
mind of his son ? What son would respect his
father, if he were ordered to turn from these
contemplations ? In recurring to the classic recol-
lections of our youth, does not the heart turn in
reading of the suf....rings of the citizens of Namantia in
defence of their liberties? Eleven years of siege, and
the most frightful desolation of famine and disease,
could not extinguish their hatred of the invading foe—
they preferred deal: to slavery, and out of the whole
population of an extensive city, but ten were left to
follow in mournful captivity the chariot of the con-
queror ; but not even the seductive lays of Horace, nor
the polished enmity of Lity, can lob the brave Numan-
tines of the sympathy .with which admiring posterity
applovis their valour; and the heart which beats with
the love of its counts y, will, perhaps, bestOw upon the
chaired captive who survived that siege a warmer tri-
bute 01 applause, than upon the arrogant conqueror,
that adt!ed Ntimantintts to the list of his titles. Again,
ith what emotions do we trace the sufferings of the
people of Saguntutn ! The loss of lathe: s, brothers,
ft iends—the most severe inflictions of war—the dread-
ful and appalling necessity which drove them to
devour their dead coni;•aaions in arms to appease
the cravings of !lunge!, could nut subdue the inflexible
spit it of virtue, which 1...c1 the inhabitants to endure
every evil lather than to desert their allies, or to submit
to an insultiog enemy. Thete ate examples parallel to,
but nut exceeding, the virtues displayed by the citizens
of DJ' r y—example; which have challenged the admi-
ration of successive ages, and have been held up as
specimens t f valour an .1 patriotism by may patent to
his ns ng offspring. These are examples which do not
exceed the exploits of our ancestors, aad he heeded not
the audacious tongue, or the envious pen, which would
attempt to check the recollection of such glorious deeds;
hut Ireland especially, in I: eland, of all the countries in
Khe wor ld,the commemoration of suet) vit tuts is more par-
ticularly called for, tsa cheer the dismal barrenness of its
History. Let us trace for a moment its stark and bloods
progress. When a foreign foe invaded, it slit unk sul;-
nissive at the foot of an insignificant conqueror ;
continued insurrections—intestin,: S% at s—bloody mac-
:co:es—t:sachemus treaties—and` a systematic coat-
!miation against the introducto n of the arts and
ales lags or peace, ale to be round in mournsul
.access on thioughout the lapse of centuries. Thc
national ehatscar was oh.cuied; n ty, the eh:trac-
e' of tiros e :cured erased by the cut se of the time ,
Ind tl.e hist ry of Ireland is a smecisni is the history of
rations, by ma presenting, diutag five or six centuries,•
ins stnlte fact to Ciii:ll rtes riointration or evehase re-
. pert of 1,1),/ thy ;a-ausl *hurt: ca:: tit lOLA for 0r.c.4

bright passap,e—_where, can we behnld one green spot;
like the oasis in the de,ect, to cheer us in our gloom,l
pilgrimage ? If the history of this nation was to be
written by an unprejioicesf authoy, is most shining
passage would be f and in the actions oldie citizens of
Derry—actiOns which would not only embellish the
most illustrious history, and confer honour upon the
most heroic nation, but which are not exceeded in
ancient or modern times. It seems also, os if this
favoured spot was destined to redeem the national cha-
racter by the excess of its own virtue, for we have the,
most authentic records in the Jiurnals ot the Irish House
o Commons of the repeated acts of loyal t v,magnanimityll
II Ind public spirit of this ancient and unconquered city.
The records of the country tell us, that in the civil wars
of 1611, Derry was the impregnable city, which baffied
all the force of the rebels, and was the refuge then, as
it proved also in after times, of all the supporters of the
constituted authorities of the land. In the Revolution of
168 S, a crisis the most important that ever happened
in any age or country, Derry stossd forth the bulwark
of the laws, religion, and liberty of this nation, and to
Den y we owe'in a great degree the enjoyment of those
blessings in the present day.. Who would then refuse
to the descendants of such men the pious duty of com-
memorating those glorious actions ? Who would
attempt to check a spirit, hallowed by the faithful corn-
memoration of nearly one hundred and fifty years, and
springing from an inflexible lover f the laws, the reli-
gin's, the liberty of their country, in defiance of air the
miseries which the cruelty of war, aggravated by the
rage of bigotry and superstition, could bring upon the
country ? But was he doing justice in this noble city
in saying that its citizens were ready to give their lives
as a sacrifice for its liberties ? Faint, indeed, would
be the praise it we were.to measure their devotion by
the mere loss of life—to estimate the r sacrifice we must
look at the manner in which death presented itself. In
the open field, and in the equal conflict, the soldier
marches to battle with hopes elated-
-" The neighing steed, and the shrill trump,
The spirit stirring drum, th' ear-piercing Ste,
The royal banner, and an quality,
Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war,"

awake, in almost every mind, a sudden and tumultuous
courage. We are apt, under such circumstances, to for-
get the value of I.le, rather than to defy its loss; we
suspend attention to our safety, rather than reconcile
ourselves to danger, and, in the thunder of the battle,
we- glory in the enthusiasm of the mind ; but, when
death approaches with a slow and silent pace—when
he creeps on at leisure, and is contemplated in all the
terrors of a sure but procrastinated destruction; the spi-
rits shrink back upon the heart ; fame, ambition, glory,
all vanish before our eyes, and the frailty of nature is
confessed iu the struggle between the hero and the min;
but even such a struggle may have its aggravations.
Tree stern patriot may overcome or despise the dangers
of his own situation ; he may dr oWn the voice of selfish-
ness in the love of his country, but' can he look with
equal carelessness upon the fate which threatens the
author of his being, the partner of his fortunes, or the
pledges of his love ? What stopped Col iolanus in the
pride of victory ? Hatred, revenge, and pride, stooped
to the voices of his mother, wife, and child ; and, soft-.'
ened by their complaints, the stern soldier withdrew
his conquering. legions,. and exclaimed—

" You've won a happy victory to Rome,
But for your son, believe it, oh, believe it, •
Most dangerously you have mith him prevailed,
If not most mortal to hint."
By what name, then, shall we distinguish the virtue of
the citizens of Derry ? The husband and the father
sunk in the stern resolution of the patriot, and the voice
of mature was silenced in the love of their liberties and
their country. By what name shall we designate their
courage, who did not rush into battle in the momentary
ardour. of sudden contest, in the pomp and glorious
circumstance of war, but who awaited death in the dark
and gloomy recesses of their own walls, amid all the
horrors of pestilence and famine, and who, while sinking
under the pings of hunger, beheld also its baneful
influence on those whose lives were dearer than their
own; who heard the helpless voices of their children
crying in vain for food,.',Xnd who beheld the sinking
eyes of their wives and mothers gazing upon their de-
fenders until these eyes were cloied in death? In such
a trial to stand firm ; in such a c •ntest to be victo-
rious, can any prai'e be too great—can any grati.
tude of their posterity Ise too lasting? Every man
in this city must feel a participation in the honours
of his ancestry, and every native of this spot must feel
a holy inspiration in the birthplace of such heroism.
But though ire fad trespassed longer on their attention
than he wished, yet he could not close his observaions
without declaring the cauie fir which their ancestors
risked their lives and fortunes. Great and noble as was
the spirit which first prompted the apprentice boys of
Derry to close their gates, the cause which im' elled
them was no less glorious—the necessity w!iich drove
them to this decision was no less indispe sable. He
must claim not only their pardon for detaining them so
loirg, but atten.ion to a short review of the -circum-
stances of the times, from which the value of their
ancestors' exploits will be best appreciated, and in
which the strongest reasons will be found for continuing
to commemorate this anniversary, and for teaching our
children's children to cherish it as the guide of their
hopes and conduct. It is an indisputable fact, ac-
knowledged by all histoi ions, that the object of King
James was to re-establish the Catholic religion b _oh in
England and Ireland, and with the Catholic religion
unlimited despotism. His attempts to effect this object
1 in England were hapi.ily frustrated in their very first
birth, but his endeavours in Ireland were more success-
ful ; and with the aid of ready Ministers and a willing
people, be had very neeily obtained his purpose.—
Having confided hi, plans to an active agent, the Duke
of Tyrconnel, no time was lost in carrying them into
effect. The first object was to g tin pi.ssession of the
military force of the country ; for that purpose he ex-
pelled every Protestant from the ranks of the army, and
deprived every Protestant Gerftleman of his commis-
sion. Having mouldea: the military foice according to his
fancy, he next proceeded to remodel the civil esta-
blishments, and he accordingly displaced every Pro-
testant who held an office in the administration of
justice, and filled up the places of Chancellor, Chief
Juke, Puisne Judges, Privy Cothicil.ors) Sheriffs,
lisgtsti saes, and even Consta'sles, not. only with Ca-
tholics, but with those Cath tics who had made them-
selves most remarkable in this time of jubilee for their
r ancour and peisecutien against the Protestants ~Having
thus secured an ascendancy for the Catholics in all the
ministerial offices it justice, by which the property and
Pleb of the Protestants were lett at their mercy, he
:text attacked the Cot potations, and by daps-icing Ahem
in Elicit char let s, and expelling every Protestant Ma, or,
Alriernian, and Itury,;e, lie ire tact made /heal the
:iav;.'s of 1.;., v. tlir diid rlrc tJeL of • Lit dCVqIjINII.

PaUlla altsitit wife- brought - to this state under • the
agency of Tyrconnel, and prepared for the anal esta-
tilislimerit of Popery, when King James arrived in Ite-
land, and *hen the only place which- stood out against
hi. pots er, and temniaed as a bulwark for the Protestants,
was the city of Derry. Immediately on his arrival, he sum-
moned a Parliament,• and the proceedings of that body
will shew what gratitude is due by the ProtFstants of
Ire'and to the citizens of Derry, for inflexibly refusing
to submit to King James. The Parliament, both Lords
and Commons, consisted almost entirely of Catholic:,
and its first Act was to repeal the Act of Settlement,
by which the Protestants in Ireland held their estate..
The Act of Attainder was then passed, by whtch 2,600
Protestants, mentioned by name, wete attainted of high
treason, if they did not make their appearance before
the Ist of the following November ; and, in order to
add insult to cruelty, King James's Chancellor kept
the Act in his pocket for fouri months after the time
aas passed, to prevent the uttortunate victims from
availing then's:lves of this insulting lenity—an Act
which exceeds in cruelty the famous proscriptions of
Rome during the worst days of tyranny. A law was
also passed to take away the personal property of any
Ps otectant who was absent from the kingdom. Not
swisfied with the destruction of proottty, a design ea;
formed to put an end to the Piotestant Priesthood, by
putting the free-schools under Popish masters—by inn o-
ducing Popish Fellows into the University, and by nomi-
nating a Popish Priest to be Provo t of Trinity College.
So far was the spirit of extirpas ion carried-that even
three Protestant Fellows of the College were forbidden
to meet together under pain of death. James also seized
the revenues of the vacant Bishoprics, gave over the
tithes and first fruits to Popish Bishops and Priests, and
destroyed the jurisdiction of the Protestant Church. To
complete his plans he gave orders for seizing all the
Churches, and his soldiers not only broke open all the
monuments and graves, but took out the dead bodies,
and left them exposed to the birds of the Ir. Procla-
mations were issued, fest bidding Protestants assembling
for divine worship even in privatehouses, and a Popish
Governer of Dublin-. Lsued an order, forbidding more
than five Protestants to ass. mble on any pretence,
under pain of deaths . This, Gentlemen, is an epitome
of the history of the day, and of those causes
which led to the galiant resistance of the inhabitants
lof this city against tyranny, slavery, and superstition.
If history furnishes any example of a more noble
struggle, or of greater devotion to the cause of liberty,
let it be toasted this evening; but he knew of none,
and while the love of liberty, the praise of courage,
the honour of victory in a good and g!orktis cause,
continues to draw forth the admiration of mankind, so
long will the citizens of Detry continue to receive
from all loyal and w,:11-affected hearts, the thanks of
their countrymen and the gratitude of posterity ; and
now, Gentlemen, for one parting word. You are justly
proud of the sufferings, the sacrifices, and the victory
of your, forefathers—you can never prove your &mini-
rude in a better manner than by adhering inflexibly to
the sante principles—let not the tongue of flattery
deceive you into a surrender of your principles, and
let not the anger of faction deter you horn the
just, but temperate expression Of your leel ngs. Be
assured that you will find champions in the highest
places, who will not be afraid to re-echo ) our sen i-
ntents; be just to yourselves and to your posterity, in
maintaining the principles established by your ances-
tors, and doubt not that the same spirit, the .:e me 2.4,
the same love for a free Constitution, will animate the
Representatives of the County to join once more in your
native rallying cry of " No Surrender r

SI'ORTINJ INTELLIGENCE,.
i-.........
HUNTING.

Sir Richard Sutton's Fox Hounds, meet to-morrow, at Kettle.
thorpe ; Thursday, at Blankney ; and Saturday, at the Cross Keys
Inn, Tiltbridge-lane.
Lord Scarborough's Fox Hounds, to-mor
Village ; and Friday, at Mickkbring Village.
Mr. Wicksted's Fox Hounds, to-morrow, at Lawton; and Fri-
day, at the kennel.
Lord Yarbotriugh's Hounds, to-morrow, at Scatter V illage; Fri-
day, at Hainton House; and Saturday, at Kirtnington Vale.
Mr. Boycott's Hounds, to-morrow, at Castle Hill; and Friday,
at Smester Turnpike.
The Worcestershire Hounds, on Friday, at Criffey.
Mr. Gay's Harriers, on Thursday, at Waltham le Willows.
The Earl of Darlington's Fox Hounds, to-morrow, at Chitin
Gate; Friday, at Camp Hill; and Saturday, at Newton House
kennel.

r, at Wadwarrh

Sir T. Sylies's Fox hounds, to•morruw, at nossall; an] Friday,
at Niillington.
The East Sussex Fox Hounds, on Thursday, at Plumpton;
Saturday, at East llouthly ; and Monday, at Abbott's Wood.

-„

oh, where, the pointed cane, the ruffled wrist• :
t.,.,d, the ' long-resioinding march and energy divinec
Captain Paton ?• Where are ye, ye Ancients,' proud
worthy of the name ? Where are G.
• Lieutenant-Colonel Corbet and his riflemen, ins
That took up the sword when they laid down the pen ?' of
I','; ere is the other hero of the same indigenous Muse, hi,
Brave Colonel Geddes, on his black horse— del
Not forgetting the gallant Major Curse?'
the almost solitary each, and the dardaring be
Oa.
rre ni•rlitc,p of that hoary, h-spitable, generous Am- res
•-•
p!l
'
rro s •10 WhGC(.l.lld not dine unless his table were filled ; the
•
2 I drove, day after day, all the year round, to "the del
.
&room, to bring home exactly as many hungry set,
vreads (how could such a man have enemies ?) as he ha,
unoccupied covers? Where is wive the ample cloak the
lever was a Roman toga nor Greek pallium more we
oz„.t in fold and sweep—of that great septuagenarian dis
EsNlapius, who strode here perpetually, hefore the the
ere-
of all men, a living type of wealth, health, vigour, lon
dignity—the visible possessor, in his old n per son, the
at
some charm potent over all cares, maladies, and ever),
as it ,eemed, length of days? AU gone! alas! every bes
tee. cannot
discover a single single-breasted coat— exe
a srr•r,•le white wig—scarcely a single queue, in all the the
Even powder itself has been discarded—and a inh
man in keee-bieeches and lamb' wool stockings is a the
.v 0 atja. Dailies thern'selves wrap their nether bulks in seat
ks • nay, I have seen a D.D; in Wellingtons! par
i• It is not, nor it cannot come to, good --- !" tit]
"Of course, one of the first things I did after coming hal
:o 4ti, town, was to go and take a look at the Unives sity, law
:;here I sprat many really delightful days; and massy" yiu
I. • cilia, allhOogb rather dull in passing, have long since der
ow to be very pleasing in the retrospect. Here also facr
I tetra! sad changes ut all sorts. The inner court, hle
t • where I have so often paced, has lost its primitive in,l
r •
troPric air altogether ; for, though three sides stand in the;
aatif Vitro, the fourth has been replaced by a new hui!d- ind
re rat
p• a torally different styleof atchitectute, sufficiently ti:e
tall and massive to make the antique remains adjoining the
appear mean as well as mutilated, and exhibiting cep, the
tainly no aery redeeming beauties in itself. To me— pro
vas work has broken much of the old charm—the lb"
N.ce)i religio loci" hardly lingers where it reigned. I "r
rust confess, however, that some amends are made by n4i
the beautiful museum which now graces the garden mil
• tchind. This budding had barely risen above the be
s aface of the ground when I left Scotland. I remember vat'
7 people were busy about its foundation that gloomy fide
morning when the news of Trafalgar was received by be i
us all, men and boys, with More of sadness, I think, rent
at least of a solemn and awful ft eling, than of joy and apt
triumph. I shall never forget the face with which the Par
celebrated Jahn Young, Professor of Greek, come out mOl
bareheaded, with the newspaper in his hand, to lead Peri
ere Gazette to the whQie crowd of ingati. mai
'• ale too is no more; he has been dead these several ver.
ItAIS. I knew that very well—and yet, I know not me
• hots, it seemed to me, as I passed beneath the old black
arci.way, that John Young's figure must still be part not
and parcel of the College." I could not help looking ver
up to his accustomed window—a pretty young Lady ver
WAS watering some flowers in it. A name I had never
cele
!card of was on the door. hit"
They 'have no picture of Mr. Young, which I much sac
wonder at. I think, if I were a limner, I could paint has
• him myself, so intensely accurate and alive to this hour molar
is my recollection of him. And yet what rainter,unleu hr mel
sere allowed at least half-a-dozen pieces of canvas,could des
ever have given anything like an ads quate notion of that sue
peculiar physiognomy ? The sharp, shrewd, knowing, —t
inquisitive, hair-splitting look of his countenance, in one
of its mo ids, was the most egregious of all possible anc
contrasts to the high, melancholy, earnest enthusiasm fur
of it in another, and between these there was a world of of
shadings, each deserving of being fixed by the hand of onr
a maser. I would have given something, nevertheless, the
the merest daub that had preserved anything like a refi
shadow of his features, together with (what nobody the
could have failed to hit) the most picturesque profusion of t
of grey hairs.—the brisk•lookrng little pigtail—the net
enormous striped waistcoat—and those never failing OP4
Hessian brots, of which we knew the shuffle anal clank 4114
two quadrangles off. can
" Young sleeps with his fathers—and close beside, lath
him sleeps his oltl friend, rival, and fellow-labourer, Richardson.' trill
We (boys) respected them both, loved them both, and of course lath
gave them both nicknames. With us the one was always Cocky, cor
the other Billy—that is a sort of tax which all pedagogical authority
must pay: nay, perhaps 1 might go further; Napoleon was at.
I=l
ways the Corporal, and Wellington Hookaose, or at best OW Douro, ma
Elting his fluidly. These tSo Professors were the very antipodes del
of each other, almost in everything. Young was short, squat, arid the
awkward in person—slovenly, very slovenly, in attire--Hurried in
gesture and walk—and, in manner, vivacious to the last degree, and CM
brusque. lie had a great deal of the shrewdness and craft of tire man the
ofthe world, and had many by no meansscholastic tastes and accom- poi
Vestments about him, particularly music, in wlich he toss a perfect 101
eatintsiast,but he never could speak three syllables without betraying
the habits of uninterrupted dissertation and unquestioned authority. flat
How could it be otherwise ? Lie bad been a Professor, and nothing the
but a Professor, almost from his boyhood. Mr. Richardson, on tint
the other hand, had travelled in his youth—lie bad even been se- an,
tretary to an ambassador—at least such is my impression—and the
lid, moreover, the reputation (I dare say most absardly unfounded),
rif having been, in his day, a goy character in more senses of the efts
word than one. Ile was a part, ton, and had acct./iced a nanic iu but
'he world of belles Imre., by sonic contributions to the iliarar and the
Lounger, and some admirable Essays on Shakspeare's characters--
rrhat on Hamlet, by the way, still keeps its place). Lastly, Mr. I`
Richardson had an elegant little estate and residence on the shores 12e(
of Lochlomond, and played the Country Gentlemen one h.. 11 of it it
his year. Thus he would have taken it much amiss, tr. he comidereel fu I
.alything like a mere l'rofessor of Glasgow College ; and, to do him de,
though he was a most excellent Professor,. he was widely
r. stinguished from most of his class, by the style of his general ap- sit
~..arance, manners, and, I believe, indeed, habits of all sorts. lie spi
..vas a bachelor, and a dandy, In his way, of the first water.— eve
I can suppose Gray the, poet to have had` something of the same to ,
though Ilichardson was neither so slim, nor so diminutive in
o
pu•sodr-When ilressed he wore grand black satin breeches and u 1
hackles, and sea-green or snuff.coloured silk stockings with gor- of
teously wrought clocks. lie had a delicate rosy complexion, as I rat
remember him,—a truly gentleman-like expression of lace, though
somewhat prim, nn doubt,—a beautifully curled white wig, with a 1.
hable toupee in front, arid a ponderous queue behind, the same his
Ott of *velure, in short, that one sees in the prints of Frederick CSC
Prussia. Nothing cowl surpass the bland courtesy, and, to us the
Luis, condescension of his address. Ile used to invite us occasion-
Lily to his suppers, and then he was completely the cow tier in art
/usenet, setting us all perfectly at our ease, and taking part in our
,onversation (for he took care it should be ours) with the utniosr.the
r how and hilarity. If id people and great people only knew tic
°w slier can make young people and small people happy V' tale
----.. psi
, The Gazette of last night contains thearippoisument r.r
4/‘ Mr. bl•Kanurs to be Comm) General at Port-au- Cm
Prince, Hay&
Mr. COIMINGToII, a Gzretlenian who for mmy }errs trio
held a situatioe hi'the Stationery-Office, was taker, d e cud she
(*ay in his Baal' at Cho •
ad ey, near Bushy, on Sun •411
dq• and insusosii- tarty expired. Ila:
y.
L_. 1)14111 $T Fteililsol—Two men In a state,of drun
Kellum went out to fight in I lir e • ton ll Ids, on Mo-
i,
gThd one of ti ern, Barnard liar iison, a sawyer, was 14
k lied, *Err a fight of twenty minutes. l l's .mtagonist„o
Ilidlcirta a dltl.l.
•
•
•
