SPif IN..

CADIZ, NOVEMBER 2.

It appears that Senor Merino, Commandant of
that division of the 4th army which is in Cordova,
has intimated to the Government that he will not re-
cognize any other orders but those which are com-
municated to him by it.
NOVEMBER s.—The accounts from Algiers are
very satisfactory. The day after the arrival at that
port of the English ship the Invincible, there entered
there seven Spanish prizes, the crews of which
amounted to more than 150 men ; but we have the
satisfaction to announce, that the Dey has since shown
the strongest desire for amity with the Spaniards ;
as a proof of which he immediately gave up the
above prizes, and set at liberty all the crews, as well
as other Spaniards who were in chains. We are yet
ignorant of what share the English had in bringing
about this favourable event ; but we have reason to
believe, that they contributed much to the restoration
of harmony with the Regency of Algiers.
About the middle of October, the garrison of
Bnrja, consisting of 65 men, surrendered to the troops
under General Duran.

REFLECTIONS OF A SPANISH OFFICER ON THE CONDUCT
OF GENERAL SALLASTEROS, WHICH LED TO HIS DIS-
31ISSIoN FROM THE COMMAND OF THE FOURTH ARMY.

The first duty of man in society is obedience to the
legitimate constituted Authorities. Without this,
no nation ever existed on the face of the earth ; open
disobedience allowed in a simple individual, is capa-
ble of causing the ruin of a State. What, then,
would be the effect of the same in a General at the
bead of his troops ? The military arm, considered as
the strongest support of a State, and the protector of
the liberty of its inhabi,ants, will be viewed with the
utmost execration, if, in place of being employed in
their defence, it is converted into a wicked instru-
ment for their oppression. Every citizen is obliged
to obey the Government ; but those to whom is con-
£ded the force of the nation to repel the aggression of
its enemies, are unpardonable, and guilty of the
worst of crimes, when abusing this confidence, and
taking advantage of this force, they separate them-
selves from the due obedience to the supreme autho-
rity, and use itofor their own purposes, and do not
consider the country to whom it belongs, and who has
occasion for it. _ _

Let us now see what has been the conduct of Ge-
neral 11.11asteros ; successively and rapidly elevated
by the Government, from the subaltern class, in
which he four years ago entered, to the command of
an army and the provinces of Andalusia, it would
appear, that his heart ought to have been filled with
satisfaction, at seeing his bravery so prodigally re-
warded; and that the nation and Government had a
,right to expect the most unequivocal proofs of his
gratitude and devotion to the country. But General
Ballasteros, placed in the command of the fourth
arroy, and of those provinces, was loosening the
bonds which unite it to the rest of the nation ;
and, as if the forces which had been entrusted to
him, and the resources which were within his reach,
bad no connection with the rest of Spain, he
acted according to his own ideas, without consi•
detation of orders transmitted him from superior
authority, which fn vain endeavoured to combine the
operations of all. Under pretence of attending to the
subsistence of his army, notwithstanding having been
assisted greatly by the Government, he conducted
himself with almost entire independence, both in civil
and military affairs. When in the month of March,
this year, the main attention of the enemy was direc-
ted towards Esttemadura and Grenada, by the move-
ments and important operations of our allies, and the .
Inns of the besiegers before Cadiz became weak, the
Government endeavoured to improve the optortu-
nity, and free this city from its troublesome siege, and
thus obtain an advantage of the greatest considera-
tion, both in a political and military point of view.
General Ballasteros had positive orders to attack
the rear of the enemy, and a respectable corps was
;cad), to do the same at other points ; but Ballasteros
did not carry his orders into execution, under specious
prercxts ; the opportunity was lost, and Cadiz re-
mained besieged. The consequences of this want of
obedience we have thoroughly experienced ;—and
thanks to him who has made them cease. Govern-
mem had then, this reason, and afterwards many
others, to proceed against this General ; but con-
ceiving that the evils which his want of concturence
in the general operations had caused, would diminish
• if they succeeded in b: ingitg him to a sense of his
time obligations—and desirous, on the other hand,
that the country might benefit from his valour and
activity, they continued him in his command.
But posterior events have clearly demonstrated
bow useless it was to expect he would vary his con-
duct. The enemy abandoned the Andalusias ; Ge.
neral Ballasteros marched to Grenada, and having
there collected the greater part of thedisposable forces
of his army, °pet:l-y opposed the repeated orders which
were transmitted him to march in a convenient direc-
tion, and occupy an important position. As if in a
state of somnolency, from his entry into that city, not
only has ire not obeyed these orders, but he has ne-
glected to pursue or annoy the enemy in any manner ;
and it at any time be awoke Irons the lethargy in
which' he appeared sunk, it was only more and more
to contravene the intentions of Government, by col-
lecting there the dispersed, who ought to have pro-
ceeded to another destkation, as had been determined,
and ft ustrating, by all possible means, the best com-
bined operations.
Whom, then, will this General obey ? To what
natiop do the troops he commands belong, if the Spa-
nish Government cannot depend on them ? The sol-
diers of the fourth army are soldiers of the country ;
they are not Ballesteros' soldiers.
But what has exceeded all expectation, is the last
step he has just taken, of which neither the nation
filer government can for a moment feign themselves

ignorant.
The situation in which the Peninsula is at present
placed, demands, that in order to reap the fruits of
the late victories, insure and extend their effects, and
protect us against fresh irruptions from the troops of
tue Continental Tynsot, a powerful and uniform im-
pulse should be given to our troops, and those of the
allies Nho deteud us; that they should be concentra-
ted, and the tiirectioa of the war placed in one hand.
The General Cones, convinced of this necessity, and
satisfied, oa the other baud, with the generous and

glorious exploits which the 'immortal Duke of CiUdad
Rodrigo has performed in our favour, to whom we
are equally bound by love and gratitude, determined
he should have the command of our troops. Gene-
ral Ballesteros openly refused to obey this sovereign
decree, in an official dispatch addressed to the Minis
ter at War. This seditious denial was printed, and
dispersed in different places.
Under the specious veil of patriotism and honour,
he provokes to rebellion, exciting by false reasoning
the strongest passions of the Spaniards, and excites
to political convulsions, at the moment when the
utmost union is required to save the nation. He
says, he wishes to take the opinion of the nation ; he
then does not acknowledge its representatives—and,
in addition to disobeying the Government and Con-
gress, he denies the latter to be the national repre-
sentation.

'We ought not to conceal from this General, that
in our history we have repeatedly had foreign Gene-
rals at the head of our armies, without, on this ac-
count, having had the liberty and independence of
the country compromised ; such, for example, were
the Spinolas, Farnesios, Pescatas, Vendomes, &c.
Neither should we hide the generosity with which
Great Britain aids us, nor the necessity we stand in
of these aids ; nor the interest that power takes in
the liberty and independence of Spain—to palliate,
under false principles of honour and ridiculous fears,
so scandalous a proceeding.
When we scarcely begin to breathe, at rising from
the painful situation in which we were ; when the Pro.
vinces begin to see the so much desired day of their
liberty dawn, and to taste the sweets of a paternal
Government, and of laws formed for their prosperity
and happiness ; when now that nothing but the
union and combination of our force, to drive the
French from our soil, is wanting—now it is that a
Spaniard, the most flattered and the most rewarded
in the nation, will not acknowledge the national au-1
thority, and sets the scandalous example in our revo-
lution of a General at the head of his army refusing
obedience. Yes, for the advantages he has obtained
in some actions of trifling consideration, he thinks
he has a right to place himself above the laws. What
might not the conqueror of B.tylen say ? What the ;
heroic defenders of Saragossa, Gerona, and other ;
places, who have covered Spain with glory ? And
what the valiant Mina, Sanchez, and many other 1
heroic Spaniards who have spilt and are spilling their
blood in defence of their beloved country ? No sol- :
dier can demand, as the reward of his valour, the 1
slavery of his fellow.citizens. The nation must not I
admit a bold soldier, under pretence of his honour,
to transgress the sanctuary of the laws.
REPLY OF DON FRANCISCO BALLESTEROS TO THE DRS.!
• PATCH EY WHICH HE RECEIVED HIS DISMISSAL
FROM HIS COMMAND.

Most Excellent Sir—This morning, while engaged
in the ordinary dispatch of business, I received your
Excellency's diipatch, discharging me from the
command of the Captainship General of the four
Kingdoms of Andalusia, and of the fourth artnY; in-
forming me at the same time that my troops had
formed, and were marching in the direction of Al-
cala ; I immediately mounted my horse to learn from
what source proceeded a measure so contrary to the'•
spirit of the royal ordinances, and the discipline with
which I have always endeavoured to improve the
army, and of which I have given so many proofs.—
On going out of the village I met a piquet of the
first battalion of Royal Guards, with advanced sen-
tinels, and arms ready to give fire, and a number of
peasants in front. I was surprised at this novelty,
and asked the officer what it meant ? He answered,
as did the sentinels when they came up, that he had
orders not to let me pass. A Colonel then came, to
whom I stated my displeasure at being treated in
this manner, which I considered as disgraceful.—
The peasants now broke out into strong expressions
calculated to make an impression on the soldiers, for
whom they knew I had made so many sacrifices.—
however, silenced them, ordering them to retire.
—I then proceeded to my house, sensibly feeling a
treatment which I believe was never experienced in
the Spanish armies by the most criminal subaltern
officer. In a short time, the same battalion appeared
in front of my house, and a guard was placed at the
door of it. The people, indignant at an act of this
kind, made loud lamentations, fearing something
might be intended against my person. The senti-
ments of affection expressed by these good Spaniards
made a greater impression on me than this military
apparatus, which I did not conceive to correspond to
the dignity of my station, nor is it possible to believe
that it was by your Excellency's orders.
From this moment, I had sentinels placed upon me,
and received orders from Brigadier Virues, to set out
early in the morning for my destination, Ceuta, which
I shall comply with, leaving the Chief of the Staff to
deliver up the army, than which, I think there is not
a better in Europe, that has been organized, regula-
ted, equipped, instructed, and disciplined, in only one
fortnight. But I cannot but represent to your High-
ness, that if my services have merited any attention,
I could wish that the destination of Ceuta might be
changed to the Province of Estremadura, and, if pos-
sible, to Fregenal or its vicinity, a.s I find my health
much broken; and in that country, notwithstanding
my misfortunes, I could maintain myself with respect;
and my existence would not be burthensome to my
country. This is the manner• in which I have been
treated with respect to my person, but I have felt still
more sensibly the attack made on my reputation in
the annexed paper*, which Virues has published.--
He supposes in it, that I have distressed the people of
Grenada by levying contributions, which I never
thought of, but which, on the contrary, I always op-
posed; though I asked money of the Intendant, which,
however, he refssed except as a loan, which I was to
repay from the first funds I obtained.
I shall proceed towards my destination; but if my
indisposition increases, I shall halt at Coin, where
your Excellency may address to me your answers
Gon preserve your Excellency many years.
FRANCISCO BALLILSTEAOL
Grenada, October O.

• Tke following is the printed paper referred to
Nonce TO sea PoaLic.—The Regency of the Kingdom
' has been pleased to discharge Senor Dou FrancisCo Ballasteros
from the command of General in Chief of the 4th army, and the
' Captaincy General of the four Kingdoms of Andalusia, and to
nominate in his stead, ad inter in, Doe Joaquin Virues, Brigadier of
the Royal Arinies. In consequence, the contribution ordered by
him is suspended till corresponding orders are received from
Government. The public, therefore, are not required to nuke
the several payments maw-4 t 9 *pit
10 Crawls Octobers."
