P.

aoiclied m it; though, perhaps, of no considerable
extant. He should therefore oppose the motion.
Mr. CREEVtY, in explanation, allowed he had
gild that the Clerkship of the Council had been given
to Mr. Buller' and the office of a Master in Chancery
WtheLearned Gentleman opposite to him ; the one
worth two thousand, and the other three thousand
a.year: but he did not mention either of them as
sinecure places. Mr. Buller had been a Lord of the
Admiralty, and he supposed another Lord of that
Board would be appointed in his stead. As to the
Learned Gentleman, he had no doubt but he ivould
discharge the duties of his office with great ability
and integrity ; and he only mentioned them as places
given to telembers of that House.
" r. BROUGHAM and Mr.CROKER severally
explained.
Mr. STEPHEN said, he had no idea that any re-
marks would be made on the place whick had been
granted to him ; and he owned he was rather sua.
posed, that some intimation should not have been
'given to him by the Honourable Centleman, that
such was his intention. He had never, to his know-
given offence to that Honourable Member, and
had therefore hoped he might have merited so small
a courtesy. He was not present when the Honoura-
ble Member made his original observation ; but he
learned, with satisfaction, from his explanation, that
be considered the place as worthily bestowed. He
mast observe, that the place being granted for life,
made it an independent one ; and he could not feel,
that accepting such an office made him less tenacious
.of his honour and integrity in that House. He could
not suppose, that the Honourable Gentleman himself,
when be held the (dice of Secretary to the Board of
Controul, thought himself less worthy of a place in
that House. When the Honourable Gentleman took
lHs seat in the House, did he mean to deprive himself
of ever being in any official situation hereafter ? He
(Mr. Stephen) believed not ; and he could not help
deprecating this mode of proceeding, as tending to
bring Parliament into contempt, by representing that
they cannot faithtully discharge their duty to their
Constituents and accept of a judicial situation, by
insinuating that they thereby became defective in
honour, and integrity.
Mr. WHITBREAD paid every compliment to
the Learned a• 'd Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Ste-
le/I), which his various talents and his judicial ca-
ty evidently deserved ; and he gave every credit
the impartial liberality of the Noble Lord in whose
gift the mastership in Chancery was, who it must be
mpposed, spontaneously conferred it on a Gentleman
is well fitted for it, although his practice was not in
the Court of Chancery. But though the object of his
Honourable Friend who moved the amendment, was
tot, he was sure, so throw any reflection on the cha-
racter of the Honourable Gentleman, yet he was
tight in noticing that appointment, because it might
be suspetted that a mastership in Chancery could be
made the reward of political services in that House—
because it might be supposed, that in acknowledg-
ment kr his votes, the Minister might interfere with
the Cleacellor for this promotion. As to the ap-
pointment of Colonel M'Mahon to the place of pay.
toaster of Widows' Pensions, he did not conceive that
the Semttary of the Admiralty had at all relieved
Ministers from the difficulty in which they appeared
'to be placed, by defending that appointment. It was
on all hands, that Colonel M'Mahon was a
aitir!fteevant of the Prince Regent, and a most ho-
nourable man. This was confessed, because all spoke
well, and no one could speak ill, of him. But the
matter did not rest on the merits of Col. M‘Malion's
character. The state of the case was simply this :
In the interval between the last Session of Parliament
and the present, a sinecure place became vacant : a
sinecure place which had been recommended to be
abolished not less than twenty-nine years ago, and
twice at a later period. Instead of waiting for the
determination of Parliament, as to the continuance
of this place, what did the Ministers do ? They
recommended to his Royal Highness the Prince
Regeat to fill it up, as if it where a place whose
existence was essential to the very well-being of the
country. From the report of May and June, 1810,
it appeared that no duties were performed by the
principal, and very few duties by the deputy of this
plaze. What detriment then, he would ask, could it
have been to the public service to have suffered it to
remain vacant until the present Session of Parlia-
ment ? If it were possible for Ministers to have wish-
td to cast odium and disgrace on their Royal Mas.
Se, this was, of all other, the very appointment which
they should have recommended him to fill up. They
could not have possibly devised better means for the
attainment of such an'unworthy end. But the truth
was, that the thing was done for the purpose of saving
the place altogether. When once a person of the
high character of Colonel M,Mahon was appointed
to it, how'easy was it frit them to say, and how plau-
sible would be the argument, Oh, is this the way
that yon would treat him who has been so faithful a
servant lb his Royal Master ? Surely you will not
be unjust as well as ungrateful ; and if the place
bich has been conferred upon him as the reward of
his honourable services is to be done away, it is at
kart but just that he should be re muner ated."—The
honourable Gentleman then spoke in disapprobation
of the appointment of the Clerk of the Council; but
that of Colonel M'Mahon was, he contended, the
greatest possible mark of the contempt with which
Ministers. regarded the advice or admonitions of Par-
'lament.
Mr. Secretary RYDER replied to Mr. Whitbread.
The appointment of the Clerk of the Council was not
eat_ granted by them ; but it devolved on him by a
reversionary grant of '5 years standing. As to Co-
lonel MlMalion's appointment, he would answer the
cluestien put by the lion. Gentleman, whether it
would have been of detriment to the public service
to have suffered the pace to remain vacant," by put-
ng another equally at least in point, namely., What
Cadvantage was it to the public service to have filled
st.abject to the opinion of Parliament ?
Mr. WHITBREAD said, that there surely would
have been an advantage to the public by keeping it
vacant ; which was simply a saving of the public

Witten !LAM
Mr. MARTIN gave notice of a Motion for
day (Thursday) fortnight, for the appointment of a
Select Committee to inquire into the nature and ex-
tent of Sinecure Places, icc.
REPEAL OF THE LEGISLATIVE mOl,l WITH IRELAND.
The Hon. C. H. HUTCHINSON observed, that
it was nov the eleventh Session since the passing of
the Act of Union between Great Britain and Ireland,
at which time it had been acknowledged by the Ugliest
authorities in both countries, that the system which,
for centuries, had been pursued in the management
of Ireland, was, in every respect vicious and defective.
The SPEAKER..—I conceive that the Honoura-
ble Member is not proceeding in a right course. I
should like to know whether the Honourable Member
is making a motion, or giving a notice?
M. C. HUTCHINSON.—I do not wbh, at this
hour, to detain the House many minutes ; but I insist
on the right which every Member possesses of origi.
nating a motion without the least notice, if he should
so please.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER.—
Then, if the Honourable Gentleman will insist on
his privilege, it is right that that privilege should be
ascertained. No Member can make a motion, with-
out the permission of the House, after five o'clock, if
the regular orders of the day have been disposed of.
I will see whether the Honourable Gentleman shall
have the permission of the House.
The SPEAKER.—The Right Hon. Gentleman
is right. If the orders of the day are disposed of, no
Member has a right to make a motion without the
permission of the House.
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON.— It was not my in-
tention to state my objections at large against the
continuance of the Legislative Union. I merely.
claimed my right as a Member of Parliament ; but I
see that as soon as one word on Ireland or the Union
is said, that no indulgence from the Right Hon.
Gentleman is to be expected. I ask no indulgence
, from him; but if I am to be precluded from address.'
ing a few observations to the Chair, let it be remem-
I•ered, that the Right Hon. Gentleman, the Prince
Regent's first Minister, has prevented an Irish Mem-
ber—
[Here Mr. HUTCHINSON was interrupted again by
' the SPEAKER, who said that the Hon. Member was
altogether irregular.]
Mr. BURTON said, he was of the same opinion
with the Speaker, as to Mr. Hutchinson's conduct.
A Bill was then brought up for repealing an Act
which regulated the duties on coal, in ships clearing
out. It was read a first and second lime, and or-
dered to be read a third time to-morrow.
Mr. HUTCH INSON again rose, and stated to the
Chair, that he wished to give a notice, but was anxi-
ous previously to state a few reasons why he consider-
, ed it necessary to give that notice.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
rose to order. It was quite unfair for the Honour-
, able Gentleman thus to persist in the irregular course
, he had adopted. The rule that no observations should
accompany a notice was one founded in the strictest
justice ; because it an Hon. Member thought proper
' on such an occasion to make a speech, it was entirely
incompetent for any other Member to answer him.—
In the present instance, the talents and eloquence of
the Hon. Gentleman might make an impression on
the House, and causerat sensation throughout the
country ; neither of which those who differed from
him could have an opportunity to do away.
The SPEAKER —I have already stated the rule
of the House, and my determination to abide by.it.
Mr. HUTCHINSON, emphatically—Then, Sir,
my notice is, that, on the first Tuesday in March, I
will move for a repeal of the Act of Legislative Union
between Great Britain and Ireland.
The House then adjourned to to-morrow (this day ).

;
&
f •

a

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

" AN OFfICtII OF THE ARM tr," at Haverfordwest, is iespect-
fully informed, that the article alluded to in his letter, was
authenticated by the signature of an Officer of the Regiment.

FRIDAY, JANUARY 10.
PRICE OF S THIS DAY Al ONE O'CLOCK
9 per Ct. Cons. for money G2ft div.—Do. for ace. 63f 64
a prr Cent. Red. 6s{ 63—Navy 5 per Cent 99{ 94 ex. div.
4 per Cent. 78i I—Bonds 17$. 18s. pre.—Ortinitun 4 dis.
Exch. Bills (Cd.) 4s. 4s. pre..—Ditto (Sid.) 3s. 6s. pre.

The advices from the North of Europe, brought
by the Anholt Mails of yesterday, all concur in as-
serting that Peace has been concluded between Russia
and Turkey. The letters from Petersburgh, which
are of the Bth ult. announce a rise in the exchange,
which cannot easily be accounted for but under the
supposition that Peace has been concluded. The ad-
vices from Riga state decidedly, that Preliminaries
have been signed by the respective Commissioners for
the restoration of tranquillity. But the most satisfac-
tory information on this important subject is, a letter
from a gentleman who has just arrived from Gotten.
burgh, and who is waiting for a passport at Harwich,
in -wh;ch he states distinctly, that the negociations
between Turkey and Russia had terminated in peace,
and that the official particulars of the arrangement
had been transmitted to the Swedish port from which
he took his departure,but which,for reasons that might
be easily explained, were not published at that place.

Mr. MATTHEW MONTAGUE observed, that
eause-mnney had been paid, it should not therefore
concluded, that the appointment was ill-advised.
usinectuts were to be abolished, a sufficient sum for
remuneration should be first awarded in their place.
The House then divided—For the Amendment 11
Against it 53—Majority 42.

This day has been the darkest remembered -for
many years. The shops and public buildings in the
Metropolis have been lighted up during. the whole
day in the same manner as during the winter even-
ings, arid the snow is uncommonly deep.
A letter is said to have been received in town from
a Lieutenant of the GRASSHOPPER; being the only ac-
count that has yet arrived from any of the Officers of
that sloop ; and which states she only lost one man.
She struck at midnight on the Haak, then going nine
knots: the struck the ground exactly where the Mr-
NorAtm was lost. At three in the morning she saw
a blue light, and a gun from the HERO ; at day-break
saw her part in two, and the men leaping from the
wreck. A flag of truce came out, and cooveyed.the
crew of the GRASSHOPPER into the Texel, where they
remained on their parole. The crew of the Ham)
were every man lost.

IRELAND.

Mond thoughts, Written to Mr. GRATTAN! .-
that he would be glad to see tortriwom.i
Sunday; but, as Mr. Gaamot had ter_
his house in the country, the letter had followed
there, where Mr. GnarrAN had writtea iu
that the matter did cot tress.
•, Lord FDIC. ALL rellied.-.-" Mr. Atterney-
we felt that it pressed on *is to make the comin,
turn as speedily as-possible."

---
In the greater part of our impression of yesterday,
we stated, that a conspiracy had been discovered in
Dublin, which had no less an object in view, than
" the separation of Ireland from Great Britain, and
the extirpation of Heretics !"—We are glad to find,
however, from the Dublin• Papers received this morn-
ing, that the affair in question, is destitute of all
the requisites of a regular plot, as defined by a witty
author, having neither " a Priest nor a woman in it."
In short, the whole appears to have originated in the
ravings of a drunken Irish Schoolmaster, and we
have no doubt that all those who peruse the following
article, will, like the Irish Attorney-General, retire to
their country seats or their beds in perfect security.
The following is the account of this weighty afair as
given in the Dublin Evening Post of Tuesday :
•' About eight days ago, a Meeting was held of
the Trustees of the Charity School belonging to the
Catholic Chapel in Church-street. The School Mas-
ter neglected to attend at the usual hour, and arrived
in a state of intoxication, as the Trustees were about
to disperse; he was severely reprimanded for his •ab-
sence, and required to state the reason of it. He en-
deavoured to excuse himself, by saying that lie had
been detained by important business ; but as his duty
required that all his time should be devoted to the
school, the Trustees refused to admit any such ex
cuse, and then he stated broadly that he had been en.
gaffed in the business of the New Aueciation, to one
division of which he said he was Secretary. The
nature of this Association was enquired of him, and
he gave the following account :
gg That it was an Association instituted for the
purpose of separating Ireland from England, by force
,of arms—that it had also for one of its objects the
extirpation of heresy—that however, the most active
person he knew of in it was a Mr. FISHER, a Protes-
tant, who had assured him and the other persons he
engaged in the plan, that it had the sanction of die
Catholic Committee, and that Mr. HAY was their
Private Secretary—that he had been supplied with a
blunderbuss, and many others were armed, as it was
easy to procure arms 'out of the Stores at the Castle I
and that an attack was shortly to be made in Dub-
lin, as they were assured that the garrison was at
gent very weak.
Such was the substance of the statements made
by this man. The Trustees adjourned to the next
day, and then called him before thsm. Being sober,
he wished to conceal or retract the facts, but being
closely pressed, he admitted that he had become a
member of such an Association, and repeated the ac-
count he had given the preceding evening, with this
addition, that he believed the name of Fisher was not
* real, but an assumed name. The Trustees instantly
dismissed him from his employment as School-master,
and endeavoured to make him sensible of the crime
he had committed, and of the evident falsehood of
the representations that had been made to him.
~ On Thursday, the 2d, those facts were commu-
nicated for the first time, at the rooms belonging to
the Catholic Committee in Calsel-street, to Mr. Hay,
in the presence of Major BRYAN. The Gentleman
who made the communication was not present at the
examination of the School-master ; and it therefore
became necessary to ascertain the facts from some The sentence of a Court-martial, held in
person who was. This could not be done until Fri- at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, on Lieutenant ;
day. On that day several members of the Catholic of the Cambridgeshire Militia, for disrespectful
Committee met at D'Arcy's, in Earl-street • and the duct to two of his Commanding Officers,
facts being stated to them, they unanimously resolv- confirmed by the PRINCE REGENT, and he
ed to communicate the entire transaction to the At- ingly dismissed the service.
torney-General, in the presence either of Mr. Gael.- MURDERS.—Wednesday William Carter, a
TAN, or of the KNIGHT OF KERRY—a precaution ; liens Smith, alias Will the Tinker (which
which, circumstanced as the members dose Catholic ; has followeil and travelled in for numbers
Committee were, they thought prudent, and could ' in Norfolk and Suffolk) was apprehended
not be improper. on a charge of two murders, committed •
66 Neither of those distinguished Gentlemen were 1 (a village between Yoxford and Harleston
in town on Friday ; but expresses were sent them, aided by two others, who are also in custoil•
and also to Lord FINGALL, who was at Killeen murders were committed ou an old man
Castle ; and early on Saturday morning the three l daughter. It is said they were urged to
I arrived in town. by the son of the old man on account of
" It was the opinion of those Gentlemen that they I fusing to give him some money. The
ought, inahe first instance, to wait on the ATTORNEY i were taken up on the declaration of a female
GENERAL, to inform him that Lord Fingal' and some ! she was dangerously iIL It was comrnunicats
other Catholic Gentlemen had a communication to i the Rev. Mr. Oensasnest, upon whose warrant
make to him, touching the existence of a treasonable . have been secured.
conspiracy—that they were then ready to make it— Several persons who have recently fled ,
and to know if the Attoreey-t;eneral was ready to
from Sicily, relate, I
m the crater of Etna, ;'
that the town of Catena
receive them for that purpose.—This course was ac-
is seven leagues
cordingly adopted. threatened by the torrents of lava with
66 r.GRATTANM and Mr. FITZGERALD accordingly ' valley of Mazzara is already filled.
waited on the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, on Saturday I
last, and stated the object of their visit. Mr. Attor- I TRISH Fox Cuecie—Thursday se'nnight,
ney-General was not then ready to receive the corn- t shook near Mr.Marke's, of Welsh Town, •
munication ! We understand that he asked if there .by Sir EDWARD BELLEW, Bart.'s (of
were any informations on oath—and recommended hounds. After running for some time,
to Lord Fingal] and the other Gentlemen to go be.
I got so close to him, at Peter Collier's, a
fore a Police Magistrate, and give their information ' Parsonstown, he got up on the top of the
to him—said, that the usual way was to go before a 1 down the chimney, the people being at
Magistrate—and did not seem to think it at all time by the fire-side, when be fell on the
wow '
sary to tee the Catholic Gentlemen himself! a second jump on the table, which so t
gg We understand that the Attorney-General was people, that they fell back in confusion,
strongly pressed to receive the communication, and .die servants fainted. However, the fox
i unhurt, to produce the sport of another day.
eetNe. lt_ Of the new Series of the Wit[LT POLITICAL
to submit it to the Irish Government--that he asked,
whether the Gentlemen meant to come to him as a '
Committee—to which the Knight of Kerry replied, I LtulT Er
artrir
0:0 bedock, puibliiul 'itdtalto-rwrrn 1 "vrriplinicyk
France and Great Britain-od, The ErliCitittn of the Poor.
66 No,Sir, they will wait on you merely as individuals."
li
, Sd, ti_ist?eicitlecketutbhilioft the Triest Act-4th, ar w. Petty, Aa,
gg At length the ATTORNEY GENERAL appointed
the hour of twelve, on Monday the 6th, at the Office tine ho
lardr.sf the
Gr.atilritaln —6k, The"t DeKiag.Ths spikeVirginii°l irildeldi.
tnmaty
at 8 o'clock, instead of the morning as
of Mr. Poet., in the Castle, fir receiving the commu-1 of pastes. London: Printei for C. I. 8",,,,5t„., &,:t
nication.—He said he wanted to go to his country. ; 344, Strand. '1 he above Review will in future be publhhed re:
seat, and supposed there could be no danger in the ; tulaTIT every inorlauff
heretofore.
mean time.
fresh arrivals of 'Wheat, and most descriptions of
Corm-Msetrr.—The Market to-day has several
4, The Earl of FINGALL, Major BRYAN, and Mr.
Grain, bet owing to the extraordinary dark state of
O'CONNELL, were appointed to go to Mr. POLE'S Of-
fice at that hour : they did so accordingly, and were i
buyers not being able to distinguish the qualities ei
1 the atmosphere, in the early part of the day, and the
accompanied by Mr. O'GORMAN. We understand i
that they gave a brief statement of the confession ; the various articles, scarce any sales whatever were
effected—and prices may be considered nearly
-as
names and residences of some of the Trustees who'
quoted on Wednesday—but nominal—
were witnesses to that confession ;and also some prin. 1
ted papers belonging to this Association. They were I SMITHFIELD MARKET.—Janotry 10.
received by the ATTORNEY GENERAL and Mr. POLE The Beef med
ut iae lower glace last.. The Haymarket very harry.
with ceremonious politeness, and, having made their
ad
and Lambe, 4910.
Mutton 61 ad t 0
00
6s
ss
ad Vet 7. 7. Od to ea odl
de 4d to 7s 44
communication, withdrew, leaving it to the Govern.. /ICAO 011 CATTLE Till OAT.
_ Beasts, shout o!O—Sheep went to act as they thought fit.
We have heard too, that the Attorney-General Calves, I°o"'x`+ gig.
PRICE OF HAY AND STRAW IN ShfITHIMU.D.
offered some excuse for postponing the meeting Hai, . ei los to II As Nam Clover AOsto SI A
from Saturdai to Monday. He said he bad, on New 'Hay (a os to 01 es Waesousw es a, ss,_ •is •

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

PLYMOUTH, JANUARY 8.

Arrived the Smut, 18 guns, from the Cork
The Entrinuactt, 74 guns, is Row off this port,
to the Mediterr..nean. The MALTA, et 80
getting under weigh to join the EDINISURGI

PORTSMOUTH, JANUARY 9.

Arrived his Majesty's ship HAWKE, from
bourgh ; PIRAAIUB and ARIEL, from the
Sailed the Canmus, WEYMOUTH, and Films,
convoy for the Mediterranean.

DEAL, JANUARY 9.

Arrived the FrISOARD frigate from the
Sailed his Majesty's ships Azovicut and Cum
for Portsmouth.—Vs'ind S.W.
YARMOUTH, JANUARY 9.

Arrived the CHANTICLERR sloop, Capta;
from A cruize, and has brought in a foreigi
laden with general cargo; SOLEIIT, BART
HEARTY gun-brig. The DESIREE frigate,
FARQUHAR, is not returned from the Tezel
RIA and CHRISTIANA, from Gottenburgh,

the SHELDR AK IC ; Heffiltlllg', from Amster&
with butter and clover-sced, sent in by the
William and Thomas, with state, foundered
crew saved ; the Betsey, W. TOWN%END,

to Sandwichewith wheat, is put into this
her sails split..—Wind

NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Lieutenant T. C Munn. late Ft Lieutenant to Admiral Stan.
her, is promoted to be a Commander.
Lieutenants Head to the Venerable, Adrumsoo to
bal, Duncan to the. Alert, Andrews to the Comet, '
the Oberon, 0. Oriebar to the Wolverine, John Mc
Cumberland, W.Whitnper to the Prince of Wales, V.
to the Royal Sovereign, Wm. kichardson to the Cadmus,
Pitt to the Portia, Wm. Benson to tie Namur, W-
to the &Bona, Heyman to thg Emel96.
Pursers—Mr. Joseph Shield to the Hound, Rd. Bartlett
Eurydice, Jam a Benifold to the Portia, Wm. Goodwin
Mulgrave) to the Mary yacht, Wm. Finch (of the '
to the Mulgrave, JamesWeekt to the Kingsfisher,
Spider, Hugh Harmy to the Appellee.
Messrs. Ramsdell, Fisher,43tiles, Holloway, and
passed for Lieutenants this week.
Lieutenant Crow; Royal Marines, is embarked
sistance prison chip.

Captain I earls Shepbeard is eppoin.ed to the command
Majesty's ship Victory, (pro temport) Captala Dumaresq
absent on Admiralty leave.
The following Letter has beat posted at "
" The Pyramus frigate, arrived ofi Yarmouth,
Matwyk, on the 6th ult. in company with as shyLe
into Lansarv:, two into Malmo, and one got on
trance of the hat hour, one into HalsenbLrgh, and
in distress ince Matwyk."

AN, to art
iticiALL tsviP
et;irled to
(lowed him
in anmer,
'r-General,
LAM uttica.
ork statior.
Ron, bound
guns, is
in.
m off Cher-
e
1224 A, With a,
e Baltic
LIMBERLAhD
a:n SPEARS,
sign vessel
grEasn, and
te, Captain
• ; Vier°-
, sent in by
ream. laden
PARTHIAN;
ered at sea,
firm Hull
[s port with
Athnini Sun-
to the Hann!-
, Pas.more to
Ic Kirdy to the
W. Houghton
Wane, Chas.
Wia. Brainier
Bartlett to the
oodwits (o( the
e Mary yacht)
, Othan to the
id Stead have
Ltd in the As-
nmmand of hit
mann being
ha
three put
&ore at the en-
-4 use put back
1
n September,
John Percy,
.spectful eon-
.trs, has been
he is accord-
rr, alias M-
ich trade he
en of years,
xi at Bacton
[at Crasfieki
ton) in 1793,
tstody. The
man and his
the fatal act
his father re,-
le murderers
female when
municated to
warrant they
d to Calabria
!mina, which
na, is greatly
th which the
;ht, a fox was
a, and hunted
tf Barmeath)
, the hounds
a miller, near
he house, and
dinner at the
be hob, made
) alarmed the
n, and one of
)x was caught
dsy.
POLITICAL AED
W morning MS-
The Policy of
of the Nor—
te W. Petty, An-
ew of Alontgail.
—7th, Summary
Itua
,be pal Bcebllshedtiener.
re-
the morning as
ly has several

4o the almost certain rules enleshe nee/Pale death of the parse-
., - • tiered parties; having seen all ibis. and taking a vjew of the
.
The following is a copy of the Address moved by .rniumber of persona now suffering; we cannot, we confess, see
Much room for repeating the congrartilition of our forefathers.
Sir FRANCIS BiluDrrT, orauesday night, in the ilinue upon the abolition of the cruel and accursed Court of Star Chant-
of C4nmons, to the PRINCE it.gGENl's Speech, on the ber, which did wilieut Jury, that which is now done by a Jury
opening of the Sessins of Parlianacnt : I chosen by an Officer of the Crown; an alteration which only
" Wr, his Majesty's most dutiful and toyed eubj..cts, the Corn- serves to screen a corrupt political judge from his due share of
mons of the United Kingdom of Great fittitainnte Parliament as- public odium, and to deprive the v.crim of that public comp.'s-
sembled. return your Royal Highness the humble thanks of this Men, which is always called forth in behalf of those who suffer
leuuse, for the must gracious einech elehvered by the Leeds(.m frau undiseneed tyranny.
missioners, by ytur Royal Highness's command o particularize the fatal erects of this course of m(-rule,
"We assure your Royal Highness that we shall, without delay, would, if it were poss;ble, be useless, they being toe visible in
take into ow' serious. consideration nil the niatters to %shins your the multiplied enibarrassments and Abject state of the country,
R oyalellghnesslias been pleased to direct our attention, and endea- whether in its affairs at home or abroad a but, to the great ensile
instate adopt such measures as are best calculated to meet the exi- of all these evils we cannot, without a sharnefulneglect of our
gencies of the times. But we sfiould deem it a failure in out duty, a duty, refrain front beseeching the attention of your Renal lit
were we on this solemn occasion, to omit expressing to your Royal ne-s, who will at once petceive that we triode to the want a
Highness the remedy, which, in our opinion, is called for by the 1 real representation of the people ii*he Commons House of Psi-
evils already experienced, and by the dangers which appear to be Bement. With a fair representation the people ire never lit dan-
impending. H e always hear with great satisfaction, though rot I gees because from whatever quarter they ;eel grievance approach-
with surprise, that our countrymen, whether by land or sea, ing, lone is t' air court of appeal, here their means of immediate
maintain the character of their ancestors; bur we cannot, at the redress; without such a representation the people can never be
same vine, Amiss from our minds all consideration of the little safe; they have no court of amen, no friend in Government,
effect with which their valour has been exerted. no means of redress or protection. .1
"We lament to see nothing characteristie of that love of Free- "'Po the wanrof such a Representation, to the wain of a {
dom for which this nation has been so highly renowned in the t House of Consume' emanating trom the people's choice and
world. In looking through the history of the last eighteen years I speaking 'heir sentiments; we owe the eighteen yeah of war
of war, we find the valour and resources of our country iu uu a ;neat Franca, lest the example should produce a reform of
instance employed in the defence or restoration of Freedom, but corruption and abuses at borne.
almost constantly in endeavours to prevent the oppressed from " let the want of such a Representation we owe the hundred
becoming free, or to re-plunge them into slavery, to rebar. of tuitions of debt, which have debased our currency, sapped the
den the grasp of despotism, and to sharpen the kali-blunted foundations of covenants, annihilated confidence, and 41144 new
fangs of persecution, so that the British flag, formerly the rireae of crimes to our already sanguinary criminal code.
tyrenny, appears, through this long and disgraceful period, to have "To the want of such aRe presentation we owe the urgs-
waved only in hostilities to the liberties and happiness of ntankind. niched rapacity of prize courts; the rain of commerce and. ma-
" From p line of cundect so repugnant to justice, to the come nufacture ; the countleas number of paupers, whose state, when
mon sense, and common feeling of men, the natural results have contrasted with the luxury proceeding from public money
ensued. In those distant regions, where igeorance and feeble- lavished orephremen and pensioners, would be beyond human
ness have rendered the people an easy pi ey to successive usurpa- endurance, without the overawing aspect of refinery fires.
tion, we have uniformly been conquerors, and in overturning one "If any thing be yet wanting to work conviction of those
truths, we implore your Royal Hipline's to cast your eyes over
i
despotism, have fur the purposes necessary for the maintemance
of corruption at home, uniformly erected another in its steed; the Continent of. Europe. Nut a Sovereign has thorn been de-
While in all those countries, where men have ulcained a know- throned—not a state has there been overthrown, where the way.
ledge of their rights, and have possessed courage to avenge them- of the Coequtror was not paved by corruption in the Governs'
selves on their oppressors, we have found few and treacherous ment ; and by ihe tyranny, which coseuptioe acmes fails teener
fieends, and many and implacable foes. or later to call to Its support.
" The Sovereigns, our allies, subdued not less by that abuse of " And when we see the same cause, at work amongo our-
their power, which we have endeavoured to support, than by the selves--when we hear the worst seat of corruption not t
arms of their and our enemy, have tither been driven from their not denied, but unblushingly avowed and vindicated, upon the
thrones, or have abandoned their cause, and disclaimed our con- ground of its being as notorious as the sun at noon-day, it were
nection, as the only means of retaining even a scanty portion of presuntption unpaiallelee to hope thin eileces w not
their former dominions, so that alter havin gstirred du,, in kosi ility follow.
to freedom, almost every Sovereign on the_Cot.tinent of liurt.pe, "To put an end, therefore, totorruption and abuses, by a
alter Inning expended hundreds of minion& in support of the fur- Constitutional Reformaiien of the Commons House of Peelle-
midable and unprincipled league, we were, at lest, reduced to a ment, appears to us to be the, only miens of reconciling meal to
contest alone with the Conqueror of that Continent, upon a spot, their Governmete, of n kirdlirg their zeal, of Mt/gaming their
which we have only assisted to desolate and ravage,detendirei no- exertions, and of enacting the hultpetidence of the country,, and
vereigns, who, not being able to rely on ahe affections of tbeirsub. the safety and stabile/ of the throne. •
jects, have sought their personal safety in abdication or ft ght. " His ego gratiora dictu al a case scio, sed me vrra pro gratis
"To the regret of having ken the national resources exhaust- loqui, etsi nom iegtieurn eon umneret, uectssitas cugiL"
ed in the prosecution of measures, so fraught at once with wick-
edness and folly, we have not, however, to add the shame of
having seen the people of this kingdom voluntarily lend their aid
to those measures, their sense of justice and love of freedom re-
volted at co inhuman a crusade, which at the outset they con-
demned, and against which many had the virtue openly to pro-
teat, well knowing that a war in other countries against free-
dom, was in reality a war against the People of England them-
selves. To counteract the effect of an opinion so obviuusly just,
a system of terror was resorted to, false alarms were excited,
spies and informers were hired, constructive treasons were re-
vived, and new-fangled treasons enacted, the safeguards of per-
-tonal liberty were removed, fortresses, under the name of liar-
racks, were established throughout the land, and the fame, and
the person of every man were placed at the absolute disposal of
Abele who, calling themselves the servants of the King, were, in
Mt, the agents of that rapacious and haughty Oligarchy, who
had long fattened on the miseries of the country, and who, in the
progress of the principles of liberty, saw the settle of a destruc-
tion of their ill-gotten power.
" Under the operation of this system, we have beheld much
that remained of our liberties wholly swept away ; we have
I seen prectieed, under the name of collecting a revenue and in
the guise of legal proceedings, acts of oppression and insult,
which our forefathers would have perished rather than endure.
The dweliiegs, the books, the most private recesses and cen-
eerns of Englishmen, once so sacred, now are exposed. to the
intrusion and inquisitorial scrutiny of numberlets mercenary
;gents, eppo ;tied and removable at the pleasure of the Crown.
Emanciet rapacity Breaks in between landlord and tenant, and
in violation of every principle of properly, the Crown is be-
come co-proprietor in every mates estate, Laving a trier eaim
'upon his tenon, tinder the name of redeeming tin Land tax,
there is * general confiscation of landed property. While to
the forge of a stamp ditty, Is
seizes the betieests ut
lathe dead in
thee. passage to the living ;so that at last there uo man in
England who can be said to be the owner or proprietor of any
thing, the Government having assumed a controul and mater-'
ship over property of every description.
a` Three was a time in nngliat History, when the emirates of
ae F.mpson and a Dudley, though under the sanction of an Act of
Parliament, brought the principals to the biuck, and consigned
their subaltern agents to public vengeance in the pillory. tut
IP now we have many Empsons and Dutileys, in every county, who
under the name of surchergens, supervisors, eec. inflict znnrci-
meets and fines at the r pleasure, the parties su amerced be ng
denied not only an appeal to a Jury, but even the aid of Counsel
or Attorney to :me* in their &fence bef re those local Tribe-
sae, winch, to the terror of the people; are established is every
corner of the land,
" In exact proportion to the encrease of these exertions have
We seen the encrease of time military force, and the multiplication
of means calculated to divest the soldier of all fellow-feelings
ve Lennie citizen. Cooped' up in barracks and depots, (lugged fur
the most trifling offences, he loses, by degrees, all re gaselier those
rights of which he is deprived, all attachment for teat Constitu-
tion out of the pale of which hnieplaced, and becomes the passive
'and unconscious instrument of tyrannical coertion, mistrustful of
the effect of English feeling, which it seems to have been feared
English soldiers would still retain; many thousand', of Gelman
and other foreign mercenai ie. have been introeuced and placed
,on our Innen y establishment, wi.h privileges not possessed by
the troops of our own country ; whole eistticts of England and
I large portions of the English army have been put under the
command of German Officers, and the more effectual y to
,estrange the people bum the naive soldiers,lene Weer Lave in
;ninny instances been compelled to assume a German garb; the
"Mileia, heretofore regarded as the sole constitutional force of
edit icountry, upon thteprinciple, that as men had most. interest so
they would be most stout in defeneing their liberties and pro-
eserties, the Militia having been lone perverted from Its legiti-
mate putpose, has at last, lay else interchange of the English and
Militias, been converted, with respect to the two countries,
l the too convenient instrument of reciprocal oppression ; magi
especially with regard to Imbue, where the just remonstrances
and complaints of a generous, ti gallant, audioug euffenng people
have uinformli been met with repulsion and disdain.
" lii the Institution of the Local Militia, we behold all the se-
,verities of a military conscription, without its impartiality, and
withoet a chance of its rewards; and in the Assumcd peeing ive
of calling upon the people to perform military duty under that
system of discipline which is row in practice, we gee every man
in England, when commanded to cake up arms in what is teemed
tbe.defeuce of his country, liable to experience the degradation
a=nd torture of the lash.
" That a people formerly so proud of their lirsenies would be
silent under such an accumulation of oppressive, add that the
commutate:ion of indignant lettings would not, in the end, pro-
duce resistance, was too much for even an insolent and obdurate
Oligarchy to expect—therefore the Press, never the last to suffer
when freedom is assailed, has become, in proportion to the
augmentation of these oppnosions, more and more an object of
jealousy and vengeance And after baring seen the lisd that has
bent made of the unconstitutional assumption of power of the
Attorney-General to tile Ex ucicio informations, to accuse, to
arrann, a amerce, to hold to bail, to ruin, or to pardon, whom-
soever he pleases; after having seen that his accuser, an Of-
ficer of the Crown, removable at its pleasure, has also the.
power of demanding a Jury, not taken out of an impanna
pannel, but selected by another Officer of the Crown ; haviugnelio.
them a Judge, so eager to couvict, as openly to anticipate gu It NA
ight theP
hearing the evidence in defence; aft.r having seen the vanteacelei
We are in cases of political libel, gradually become more and more se-.I
vere, till they have far surpassed in severity those for the greater
•verY4eval- part of felonies, including long imprisonment, heavy tines, ba-
ajjlinefa4 so dl;taut jaiiss and confanr.tuenet In solitary cells, going

Ise
seen,
vers

:heir
steel

trse-
-nit
the

of
v a-
the
we

luct

)lame,
:onft r-
ita-

,dch a
British
-ned,
nild
and
cm-
:and
Pro-

country
. their
:omes a
starts

We FRAiI6IS\iftARDETT.

all the
iepen-
do it,
one cf
?c an-

. before
,vement is ,
Lord
prevent a
SOULT
:orps to
army,
case of any

WESTMINSTER QUARTER SESSIONS.

Yesterday these Sessions commenced before Wm.
MAINWARINO, Esq. and a Bench of Justices.
Several cases of assault were tried, but the most
interesting was that of Charley Wilton, a hackney coach
driver, who was indicted for assaulting a lady, car-
ried in his coach, after extorting an excessive fare
from her. The Prisoner, when arrested, made resis-
tance, aed called to other persons, to assist him in ef.
fecting a rescue ; the Officers, however, prevailed in
the scuffle, and secured the prisoner.
The case was clearly established in evidence, and
the Jury, after a clear charge from the Bench, found
the Prisoner Guilty, without he,itation.
The CIIAIRbIAN, in passing, judgment, observed,
that the offence was aggravated much by cal iag out
to persons to aid in a rescue, and lamented that such
persons were not apprehend, for the ends of justice.
The Prisoner, for the sake xample, Wsia sentenced
to six months imprisonment.

PQLICE.

llow-streerr.—Yesterday, John Clayton and Wakens
Jeitkiur,tlie two fellows oho broke-into Mrs. Mmin's
house,.in Bury-street, Bt. James's, a fel' nights since,
the particular{ of whith we stated fully, were brought
to the Office,' and nniierwent a final examination ;
when the depositions of the witnessrs*ere read over,
arid they strieerthem. Thomas Limberiek, one ofl
the party of the patrole who so highly disiinguishedi'
themselves upon this Occasion', stateJ, that while he
was listening, he heard the servant-girl 'sat, 44. rot.
lion's sake, gentlemen, pray don't: nix mistress
will be ruined, and so shall I." '
On Wednesday eeeving, Edward Egerton, alias
,Jansee, was brought to the Office, by 'I aunton, and
'charged by him with being a returned transport—
being-at large before the expiration of his sentence—
and being one of those who had lately escaped from
on board the huls. Taunton proved the prisoner
to have been sentenced to transportation for seven
years, at the Westminster Bessions, about three years
since, and that he had been at large since that time,
and vied at Warwick Assizes for mat offence. 'I he
prisoner did not make any defence. He was com-
mitted fix farther examination.
MARLIIOROUGI/4TEBT.—Connor and Connelly, who
were apprehended at Connor's house in Summer's-
street; Hatton-garden, where a quantity of counter-
feit Money was found, yesterday underwent a second
examination. Some important testimony was ad-
duced, .as affecting Connor. It appeared that two
suspicious characters had been taken into cust, d y at •
Rochester, for uttering base coin in considerable
quantities; and, on being examined, it came out
that they had been supplied by the prisoner Connor ;
and, as a farther corroboration, the counterfeit
money found on them corresponded with that found
in Connor's house. The prisoners were fully com-
mitted for trial.
Richard Wilson was charged with robbing a gentle-
man's house in Bedford-place, of spoons and silver
salts, yesterday morning. It appeared in evidence,
that a black servant, at No. 6, in the same street.

had observed theprisoner lurking about and try seve-
ral area gates. He at length found his way into the
lower pan of the house in questilo, and an alarm
was given; and on appreheuding him ascentlng the
area steps, he was searched, and th 2 plate in tres-
titan was found ou him. He was fatly committed,
for trial.
HATTON-GARDEN.—E. Edato4rds and J. Ratclyi
were committed for te--.....xamination, charged with
knocking down a boy, servant to Mr. Carpentei, of I
Islington-road, and stealing flora him a bag, contain- ,
ing several watch cases and a quantity of gold, the
preceding evening, in St. John's-street.
Forty-five British prisoners have been released by
BONAPARTE, for having made a bridge ovsr the river
Maese, for the Bran:twit-to pass over, and eleven t f
their passports have been received at Morlair.

• •
70 THE EDTTOIC,OFSKE • STAR.
•
Sin—Unfortunately every qufstkinin this country
takes a tinge of party. Henke, while one party
asserts the depreciation Of paper movey, the other
affirms that the effect is produced by the rise of bul-
lion, an article subject to the variation in price ex-
perienced by other raw materials.
One fact may perhaps throw some light on the
subject ; it ought certainly to produce some investi-
gation. A-Gentleman, whose name lam at liberty
to impart to you, went lately to the Stock Exchange,
with an intent to buy some Consols. He was in-
formed that the price of the day was 63. 66 But,"
said he, 46 I have a few hundred p.,u:nea, : what shall
I pay in specie ?" The answer was tier r-six !
Yours, &C. ARISTIDES.
Jan. 4, 1812.
08P4NISH REGENCY, and MR. WELLESLET.
We have already, hinted at some misunderstanding
having taken place between the Spanish Regency and
Mr. WELLEsLEV, our Minister at Cadiz. The fol-
towing letter from the Isle of Leon, affords but too
much reason to believe, that our fears on the above
subject are too well founded :
ISLA, DEC. 17.
14 Just now a grand game is playing here, and how
it will terminate, and who. will be the winners is very
problematical, for long a great coolness has existed
between Mr. WELLF.sLEY and the Regency—he has
remonstrated in vain—they have been deaf to all his
suggestions—they have been playing at cross-pur-
poses. Mr. \VnLLESLEY really has seen things in
their real light, anz! his recommendations have only
been those of reason ; be labours under no alasur-',
opinions as to Spanish patriotism, and makes no false
calculations on its effects. It remains to be seen,
whether by his light he 'can enlighten his employers
in the Cabinet of St. lames's. We understand he
has made the fullest representation, backed by strong
complaints of the treatment we daily experience from
the Spanish Government. He is said to have stated
the inutility of granting it any further assistance, as
long as its measures shall be directed by folly and
• treachery. He has taken upon himself to act very
Errnly—he has positively refused a loan of two mil
lions of dollars which they applied to him for. Ht
gave as the reason of his refusal the little reliance hi
could place in the Regency for the honet appropri
scion of the money. It is believed that he spoke hi
;Mild most plainly, and pointed out diffusely all thei,
errors and defects. The Treasury is so exhaustei
that its payments are suspended ; the pay of the arm:
is- reduced nearly two-thirds, and that irregularh
• issued to them.. It is at so low an ebb of credit tha
It cannot, on its own security, raise a hundred de:
'tars. Driven by distress to call in the assistance c
the Junta of Cadiz, to whom it resigned the dhburst
rnent of public money, it has been able to hold of
. this nionth ; but as the Junta only undertook d
charge temporarily, and as they propose relnquisl
ing it at the end of this month, Government, it is e:
petted, will be forced to come to a stand *still.-
-Nothing is drawn from the provinces ; little c:
pow be expected from tie coknies—so the only r
source is in thl, Port and Custom-house duties
Cadiz, and which are barely ample to pay the v
rious officers of the Civil Government : and how tl
• expences of the war are to be defrayed,- unless I
take them on ourselves, no means can be deVised.
46 The &cambia:ion of General 'La Pena's condu
at Barossl, has just been finished by the Cones ;.
and they have not only acquitted him of all blast
and confirmed him in his rank, but they have confi
red high honours on him ; and it was even in agii
tion to replace him in his former command. Sucl
step would have been a direct insult to the Briti
• army. Mr. WELLEsLzy was roused. He intimati
that if such a measure was adopted, —he shot
instantly withhold all assistance in every shape, w
that he should recommend to General CoosE to c
bark instantly every British soldier. So affairs sta
now ; and. you can easily conclude what is the p
bability of things doing well, when the springs o 1:
tion are so differently moved.
46 We have no recent news from Valencia ; ba
is feared that:Suchet has force sufficient to carry
. projects into effect. The Partisans have been do
wonders in Catalonia and Arragon. There is •
doubtedly a fine spirit in Spain ; and if it had Ix
• properly seized upon and virtuously directed, it I
been capable of resisting effectually the efforts of
fed,
never were means so shamefully neg
• .• fed, so wantonly, so viciously abused.
." Onecanecicaccount for the extraordinary and
i parent impolitic conduct of iheFrench—from thepaui
• • of Means, unable to move and to subsist large- co:
lid Which is the cause 'of all their projects be
Or-amPed and dWeated, yetthey•still continue
subsistence bythe mostheedless and war
• "•cridration which attends "their fdotsteps ; they es
burn and destroy—the Whole country is ne
laid Waste—They not only take the cattle nsei
but
_they seize . and consume even the
tern, so that whatever dispOsition ihe peasantry ha
rgow :they are preventefl Ind ulginghy inability. Sear
' . any districts havesiops been sown g g
• :•.'ealla ine, roust ensue I cannot understand v
vr-iews the French have, in thus rendering the cou
:uni vetsal desert ; drivirig the peasantry from
bom6, they force them to arms, and if there corr
• .revolutipix and an active, vigorous government s
up from among„the second class, wherein is
talent and energy, Spain may yet effect its rode
.dense, but:nothing. short of a revolution' will
'cud the' power of the State devolving cn some of
:its soldiers. . BALLASTEROS and SKIIIIIET receivi
ether respite by the retreat of the French from b
;Gibraltar and Tariffa. This retrograde moverm
AttributedM forward movements snaking •by
,Wewarsa.Tor?,.to.Attempt a second time to prey
convoy reaching Ciudad Rodrigo, and that S
consequently has .been obliged to detach corr
keep. up his communication with the main a
sad to he enabled to give it succour in case of
'reverse.
4g It is my opinion we shall very soon have
'back to their old stations,. as we have taugh
Trench the importance of holding Tariffa. W
here in the greatest quiet and ipactivitar..very
aad vaptiss
