SECOND EDITION.

STAR OFFICE, &Nu o'CLoca.
HOUSE OF LORDS—Tins DAT.

•
Petitions against slavery were presented by Lord Bexley, Earl (Imo.
venor, and the Archbishop of CAnterbuty.
Lord NA PIER, in presenting a petition, statcd, that from his long
residence in many of the West India Islands, he was possessed of consi-
derable information on the subject. He was persuaded that great mis.
representations, relative to the condition of the slave in the Colonies,
existed; to counteract the effect of which, no step more efficient could
be adopted than the appointment of a select committee of their lord-
ships, by whom the question could be investigated in all its bearings ;
and he doubted not but is very different conclusion would be come to
than that of the self-styled politicians by whom so much, of late, had
been stated on this important subject. The Noble Earl stated, that
though be presented the petition, he did not concur with ha prayer.

HOUSE 3F COMMONS—Tuts ErExits°.

The Gallery was not opened till near four o'clock, owing to there
being a ballot for the Queenbotough Election Committee.

ELECTION PETITIONS.
;;' The SPEAKER soon afterwards communicated to the house, that
the patties bad failed to enter into the requisite recognisance% to pro-
secute the election petitions for Surrey, by Messrs. Joliffe; for the city
of Londonderry, by Messrs. Sculls; and for Huntingdon, by Mr.
Wells. The Speaker informed the house, that there were other eases,
where the orders for considering the petitions must also be discharged,
except there were special reasons urged and admitted for delay i that
was the situation of the petition for the county of Galway.
Mr. G. DAWSON presented a petition from Mr. Mundell, for ten
days' delay, the election petitioners not having bad sufficient time to
provide the requisite recognizances ; and moved that ten days be al.
lowed accordingly.--Mditional time granted.
Mr. DYSON then appeared at the bar, with the reduced list of the
committee to try the Queenoorough election. The following were the
committee:—

Hon. Hugh Arbuthnot, J. W. Patten, J. D. Almada, Sir J.
Shelly, J. Byng, W. S. O'Brien, Lord Elliot, C. Rosa, J. Cox, Hon.
J. W. Grant, and Hoo. C. D. Blaney—Left Sitting.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENOR.
