GERMAN PAPERS RECEIVED THIS DAY.

VIENNA, JULY 14.—An express has brought to.day the
news of the death of the Grand Duke Constantine, at Wi.
tepsk. The Grand Duke had latterly too little influence to
authorise an expectation that his death will erect any change
in the relations between Russia and Poland. But many re.
gulations in the Russian army may be expected, and the
military operations conducted with more facility. Though
the Poles did not love him, and during his residence in
Warsaw thought they had grounds for innumerable com-
plaints, the news of his death is said to have been received
with much regret at Warsaw. Many ofßeers in particular,
who served under him, and had received favours from him,
are said to have expressed the most lively sorrow.
Though the accounts received to.day from Brussels leave
many doubts respecting the acceptance of the proposals
of the Conference of London, our funds have kept steady,
u letters from Paris represent the elections as favourable to
the Ministry. The military armaments here are now put a
stop to. The second battalion of the Lendwi►, else orpal.
sation of which was already ordered, are not to be formed,
and many contracts for the may are tesdoded.

MAYExCE, JULY 15.—A second battalion of Austrian
Landwehr, from Bohemia, has halted in the neighbouring
towns on the left bank of the Rhine, and will hove here
when arrangements are made foe its accommodation. To
lessen the burden borne by the citizens, part of the Gym-
nasium is set apart for the troops. As the inhabitants
have an indemnity of six 'mutton per man, and as the
Government does its utmost to lateen the burden of
quartering the troops, it may be expected that what is una-
voidable will be endured with patience, especially as the
present state of things cannot last, and it must be decided in
a short time whether we are to have war.

Letters from Paris say, that many of the respectable inha-
bitants leave the city for fear of the scenes of riot and plun-
der which the republicans threaten.
Vince.", July IL—The Pails Gaz' of the 10th, says
the cholera continues to spread, though in no great degree,
on both sides of the Theism. There had even been some
cases resembling cholera at Szolnok, where four persons
had died ; there were also some symptoms of It in Beres
and Belau. It is, however, hoped that the farther propaga-
tion of the disorder will be prevented, as though the
precautions that have been adopted, it has been confined to
the plane either immediately adjacent to the Theis' and
Bodrogh, or at the most five miles (ten leagues) from those
rivers.

From a view of the ravages of the cholera in Gallicia from
its clmmencement to the 25th of June in the Circles, and to
the sth of July in Lemberg, it appears that 477 places had
been attacked; the number of persons seised with the disorder
was 40,566, of whom 21,086 had recovered, and 14.500
died, about 4,000 still remain ill. By the accounts from
Lemberg to the 9th, the disorder was abating; on the Bth,
there were only 30 deaths, on the preceding days always be•
tween 60 and 70.

ANTRUM FUWDI, July 14.—Four per Cents. 681.
Bank Shares 1013. July 15.—Four per Cents.CBi. Bank
Shares lOW. —Allgestasse &Using, July 10.

MEMEL JULY 13.—As soon as infonuation
was received here that the Polish general, Gielgud,
with a part of his troops, had entered the Prussian
territory, M. Van Auerswald, the magistrate of the
district, immediately repaired to Langellen, and
summoned the general to return across the fron-
tier. The latter pretended to have been compelled
by necessity to seek protection upon Prussian
ground. The immediate necessity did not appear
very evident, but as the general appealed to the hu-
manity of the Prussian authorities, and offered to be
regulated by their directions, it was not possible to
refuse the protection sought. In the meantime other
troops who had previously been perceived coming out
of the forest of Garsden, approached the frontier; the
Poles who were with Gen. Gielgud (about 700
men and 8 pieces of cannon) recognized them as
comrades, but the two commanders, it was evi-
dent, were immediately engaged in a warm dis-
pute. Among Gielgud's troops murmurs arose:'
several returned to their friends on the opposite
side of the frontier, and an officer dashed across,
having shot Gielgud, surrounded as he was by his
staff. This act of assassination excited the utmost
indignation among the troops, already in a bad
state of insubordination, and it is now difficult to
keep them in order. General Chlapowski is at the
quarantine station at Langallen.
POLISH FRONTIERS, JULY 16.—Accounts
from Sluczewo state that that place was occupied
the day before yesterday by 200 Cossacks. On
the left side of the Vistula a strong Russian corps
occupies Nieszawa, R,acioncesk, Lubiazaik, and
several other places. Marshal Paskewitsch re-
mained,. however, but a short time upon the point
, where the passage was effected; for having re.

calved information that the Polish Commat.der.
b-Chief bad approached the Narew, the hiar,lll
thought proper to return to his head-quarter, ~
lapno.
KONIGSBERG, JULY 14.—His Excelimr
,General Von Kraft set out last night for Mes,d,
to direct in person the disarming of Cielp,r,
corps. According to the more detailed acco;.,.:
General Gielgud, with his corps of about
men and 12 cannon, arrived about noon at
gasten, in the Prussian territory, and &duo
that he sought protection, and would .avy,,it
to the legal orders of our authorities. T 1.,,
diers were quartered for the present i, the
frontier village of Schaugasten and tang.tteD.
On the 6th of July there was a trifling action tw..t
Rogallen, in which the Russian troops to.:, froz
the patriots 200 prisoners, and two cannon ;
of the patriots were killed. The Poles rutrcatkil
on the 7th through Rossian, leaving behind many
sick and wounded. The Committee of Governue:at
at Rossian went to meet the Russian troops 4
they entered, and again took the oath of dlegiake
to the Emperor.—PrussianStateGozctle,Julg2(k
FaaNzeoar, JULY According to the
latest accounts from Vienna, the cholera mak
was no more than 44 miles from that capita
Pesth was surrounded by a cordon, and at length
it was felt necessary to take at Vienna also mete
serious measurses of precaution. The Emperor
is resolved, n hatever may happen, not to leave
the city : he continues to reside among his f.tithfal
citizens of Vienna. whose spirits would certainli
be depressed by his departure. He has intimate,
to the members of the imperial family that he
wishes them to follow his example. On the other
band, all the public fuuctionaries have received
orders not to absent themselves horn their posts:
none of them can now obtain temporary leave of
absence or a passport. A sanitary cordon, con.
posed of 36,000 chosen troops, is to protect the.
capital, if possible, against the inroads of this
scourge, and in order to prevent the scarcity of pro.
visions which might ensue from this kind of seclo.
sion, the bakers are ordered to lay in corn sufficient
for the consumption of the inhabitants for three
months. The establishments called Josephiaum
and Theresianum are going to be converted into
hospitals. Experience having shown that the Jews,
from their want of cleanliness and their mode of
life, are peculiarly susceptible of contagion, no
Jew coming fromPolaud is permitted to pass through
Brunn in Moravia ; while at Prague, Pesth, and
probably before long at Vienna also, they are ex.
polled from the closely-built quarters, where they
are crowded in too great numbers, and which the
police causes to be purified. The letters from Bzedy
say, that the disorder had entirely ceased there, but
it continued to rage in Lemberg, where there aro
50 or GO deaths daily. At Frankfort we are
beginning to take measures of precaution, in case
the cholera should reach us. A house of quarantine
Is to be fitted up for strangers coming from ens-
peted places, and an hospital for those who ma:
be attacked by the disorder.
POLISH FRONTIERS, July 12.—1 t is affirin,d
that Field-Marshal Paskewitsch held a council of
war on the 3d inst. to learn the precise situation et
the Russian army, and to collect plans for the cam-
paign, formed by the most experienced generals.
After having acertained the small progress of the
Lithuanian insurrection, and the good condition of
the Russian army, which consists of 6-2,000 in-
fantry and 15,000 cavalry, it was resolved to com-
mence vigorous offensive operations, and to pass
the Vistula without delay, to obtain possession of
Warsaw. The plan was to be carried into effect
on the 11th. In a few days great events will
take place, and Field MarshalPaakewitsch will give
the first specimen of his military talent on Polish
Found.
It is affirmed that, on quitting St. Petersburgh,
be promised to do his utmost to crush the Polish
insurrection, but without charging himself with
any responsibily in case of failure. Thus it may
be inferred, from the well-known character of the
Field-Marshal, that in some way or other the war
is drawing to a close ; for if he succeeds, he has
attained his end, and fulfilled his engagements:
otherwise the Field-Marshal will be the first to act
as mediator between Poland and the Emperor, and
put an end to hostilities. By placing Count Paske-
with at the head of the army, Russia has staked
all its military glory : if the chances of war should
be less favourable to the General-in-Chief than
in Asia, the brilliant era of Russia will have
dosed.

NORTH ANLirtFri AMERICA.
Faom LA PLATA.—We have received from
correspondent Buenos Ayres, the British Packet
of April 30. Official accounts from General Qui-
roga are published to the stb of April, when he was
at Mendoza, having gained a victory on the 28th of
March, four leagues beyond Punto de las Catitas,
over 2,100 men, commanded by General J. V.
Castillo. He charged them with pikes, killed
many, took one hundred prisoners, and twenty
officers, and dispersed the remainder. The enemy's
boasted cavalry battalion of Cazadores del Pilar
dissolved itself, and the commanders fled. The in-
fantry sheltered themselves, after retreating to the
river Tunuyan. Quiroga proclaims firmness, but hu-
manity and patriotism. He offered liberty to his
prisoners of the infantry, but they joined his stand-
'ord. Brizuela and Tello, two of his officers, bad
been successful : the former was at Tama, on
larch 26th, having occupied the capital of Rioja
the 22d of February, while the latter had taken
pessusion of the department of Famatina. Bri-
allele was eppointed General of the troops of Rioja.
General Quiro2-,,a writes, that the Commandant P.
Torres, in pursuing the enemy into Chili, had gone
from Mendoza to the foot of the Cordillera in two
slays.—[lt is to he remembered that the scene of
the above warfare is 900 miles from Buenos Ayres.]
From Lopez's army we learn, that Colonel lbarra
starched on the 6th, with 200 cavalry, to occupy
the north of the province of Cordova ; and that Co-
lonel Espinosa, with the division of Don Manuel
Lopez, was on the Rio Tercero with 600 cavalry.
Colonel Sosa was near the army of General Paz,
and expecting the infantry of reserve from San
Nicholas to attack General Paz's army. The latter,
it is stated, was stationed between the Villa de los
Ranchos and el Pila. Colonel Espinosa has routed
and completely dispersed a division of 400 of the
cavalry of General Pas. The news arrived on the
27th of April of the revolution in Brazil caused
much astonishment in Buenos Byres."
COLOYDIA.—A list of persons exiled from Co-
lambi& for offences against the Constitutional Go-
vernment :—Brigadier-general Jiminez ; Colonels
Andrade, Romero, Soto, and Gil; Commandants

, :

LON 1)0N.
TUESDATSFLY '26.

()NI O'CLOCK Tan Der.—Dannister, 30.10. Ther-
mometer, 711. Wind B. Weather, fair, with clouds.

Either the Prussian Gazettes falsify as usual,
or the Samogitians and Lithuanians have not re-
sponded, as was expected, to the call of their
country. Probably, too, every disposable man
was sent out of Russia to protect these frontier
provinces ; and we ourselves know that the ships at
Cronstadt were unmanned to send sailors to serve
as soldiers. Owing, however, to some adverse
causes, the corps of GIELG t: to seems to have been
cliik-etl to seek refuge within the Prussian fron-
tiers, and the accounts say that he was there
vs•tssinated by a Pole. What has become of
Ct: itA zNowsx r; who had advanced near Wilna,
(it es not appear ; but instead of TOLSTOI being shut
as we were led to believe, inWilna, he is reported
to have advanced to Augustowa, and to be progress-
ing southward, on the right flanks of the main
Polish army on the Narew. If these Prussian
accounts are to be relied on, the advance of the
Poles towards the remnant of the Russian army,
•r ho had not crossed the Vistula, had obliged them
to concentrate at Lipno, about ten miles from the
Vistula, and midway between Pluck and the Prus-
•:iau Frontier. We hourly, therefore, expect to
hear of a battle, and the Polish cause, at this
risis, stands in need of a victory.

When a party of Ministers of State replied to
Whiston that no government could stand a week
under a system of Truth, and when Barnave told
Marie Antoinette that good faith was the basis
of popularity, the one gave instruction to People,
and the other to Sovereigns. Only yesterday we
we; e congratulating Europe on the pleasing este-
Hishment of LEOPOLD in Belgium ; but we little
~:lspeeted that he and his friends had entered into
si crt t conditions to obtain the consent of France,
to I...nich conditions no Belgian can or will con-
',via. if truth and good faith had prevailed, the
Belgians ought to have known that such a con-
dition was annexed to the accession of LEO-
PuLD. For, be it known, these fortresses are
the teeth, the bulwarks, the proud ramparts of
13eIL:itnit ; and to surrender them, or destroy them,
ould be viewed by every Belgian as the blackest
t•cason to the country. And if this had not
been felt—why was it concealed till LEOPOLD was
installed ! Whiston and Barnave, how wise—
'.'rinces and Statesmen, how foolish and how
irked ! What mischiefs and what bloodshed
ini:st result from such shallow craft ! It really
%%zis so contemptible, that we thought yesterday
tl,at Louis had made the assertion as a clap-trap;
but Lord ALTHORP ingenuously confirmed the
hole in a statement last night in parliament.
The French King seized on every point calculated
to smoothen the three days, and hence the notice of
the ticstrtietion of these fortresses, which, from
LEOPOLD and LEBEAU'S secrecy, his cabinet must
have been aware was not intended to be developed
jest fit this lime. He also gave a flourish about
Lisbon, which deceived us, as it will all Europe. Lord
P.iot Lits.i ox , however, in the Commons last night,
stated that this mighty affair amounted only to the
French fleet has ing passed the forts into the harbour
of Lisbon, and obtained such concessions as were ob-
tained by a couple of British frigates. The reading
anplied that the tri-coloured flag had obtained such
'sceudancy ai Lisbon, that Portuguese deliverance
was at hand, and really we imagined that Louis Pat-
ti r E. bad turned over a new leaf. We are sorry,
therefore, that Nilo uzz. has been enabled so easily
to reconcile himself, and perpetuate his odious ty-
ranny on the constitutionalists, the allies of Britain.

Private advices are just received, via Paris, state
tLat the French squadron has left the Tagus, taking
them the Portuguese men-of-war, to the num-
ber five or six, and remain with them outside

the bar. These ships are to be detained as se-
curity, until the money demanded by the French
admiral, ROVSSIN, be paid, amounting to upwards
of thirty thousand pounds; and likewise to sur-
render the persons of the two insulted French sub-
jects uninjured. Mu; var., we learn was every-
where endeavouring to procure the money, but
hitherto without success. It now appears that
none of the French troops landed to take possession
of any of the forts. The squadron passed them,
regardless of their firing, and deliberately took pos-
session of Micarn.'s naval force.

In the HOUSE of LORDS, the Bishop of BATH
and WELLS presented a petition against the Beer
Bill, and expressed confidence that the part which
permitted the beer to be drank on the premises
would be repealed. He omitted however to ex-
plain what greater mischiefs arise from drinking
on the premises in a beer-shop, than in a public-
house. The LORD CHANCILLOR stated, how-
ever, that the Bill had not yet been fairly tried;
hut that somo regulations were proposed by a
pending Bill.

Lord BEx LEY then defended the beer shops, as the
means by which the public had gained the whole
of the remitted duty, and even two millions more.
But we observe, that in all these discussions, no
notice is taken of the small capitals of industrious
people vested in these establishments, in full
confidence in the stability of an Act of Par-
liament. If destroyed or rendered less popular
or beneficial by other Acts, the alteration would
be a direct robbery on those who have adventured
their last stake in the establishments ; and the act
that shuts them up, or that so alters them as to
render them profitless, ought to direct a million to
be distributed as indemnity to the parties. This
alone would be political justice, and such a recom
tnendation ought to accompany all the canting
which has been put forward on the subject.
In the Commons, Mr. HUNT presented peti-
tions against the Corn Laws, which led to obser-
vations pro and con, during which Mr. HUNT pro-
tested against the grant to the Qum; from the
pockets of the poor as well as rich. He then pre-
sented petitions for universal suffrage, and against
the six Acts.

Mr. LEADER presented a petition from kelp-
burners in Ireland, who had lost £lBO,OOO by the
sadden reduction of the duty ou barllla. Col. TOR-
RENS spoke of emigration as means of enabling
the monopolists of Ireland to maintain their posi-
tion and give employment to capital. Mr.
GR A TTA N protested against the delusion of
emigration, and insisted on the necessity of
poor laws. Mr. O'Cos Irma. referring to Colonel
TORRENII, said Ireland did not want treatises
on political economy, because the evils of Ireland
arose from absenteeism, eighteen out of twenty
land proprietors living out of the country. No
country could stand against such • drain. Not
only the parliament but the public boards were done
away, and Ireland has no privilege, but that of send-
ing her wealth to England. He then enlarged most
pathetically on the Newtownbarry massacre ; and re-
lated, as he said, on the authority of men of undoubt-
ed veracity,that the grand jury of Carlow had drank
as a toast, " Our feet on the necks of the papists,"
and had also drank to " the Yeomanry ofNewtown-
bary" ! Ought (said he) Mr. Irving, the nephew
of Lord Farnham, of whom Graham was the agent,
to have been on the grand jury in such a case.
He then enforced the absolute necessity of chang-
ing the magistracy.

Mr. CRAMPTON maintained that the West was
improving, and that no case in regard to the pro-
cessions could be made out against the Yeomanry.
Sir R. BATESON stated that 50,000 of the
wealthiest, most industrious, and most intelligent
peasantry of Ulster, had within a few years volun-
tarily emigrated ! No Minister in reply to Mr.
O'Cox KELL explained what is proposed relative to
the Grand Jury—whether it is intended to attsint,
or to proceed by appealing Graham and his
associates ?

The Marquis of CnAnDOS enquired about some
passages in the French speech, and replies were
given by Lords ALTHORP and PALMERSTON, re-
ferred to in another article.

In a Committee of Supply, the expenses of fo-
reign consuls, the number, mode of remuneration,
&c. was objected ; but 112,0001. were voted,
being, as Lord PALMERSTON stated, 10 or 12,000
less than in former years. Various other grants
were made, and on that for Newfoundland, Mr.
Etostisox made some pertinent remarks on the
neglect of that Colony, which were opposed by
Lord How lex and others.

On a proposal to grant the enormous sum of
16,1821. to the Society for propagating the Gos-
pel, a sharp debate took place, and a division, 27
for only 8,0001. proposed by Mr. HUNT, and 165
in its favour.

After various other votes, the additional sum of
£260,000 was demanded for the Ridesux Canal in
Canada, for which Mr. RICE said more than a
million had been already expended by the late Go-
vernment, which without this addition to finish would
be lost. The affair drew forth many severe comments.
Sir.). WILLIAMS described it as a scandalous
job; and Colonel Evans objected, because we
could not long retain the Colony. It was, how-
ever, voted without division, which Mr. HUNT
proposed, but none seconded him.
Lord ALTRUIST then proposed the grant of a
million of exchequer bills to the commissioners of
public works in Great Britain, in the hope of em-
' ploying the people without altering the poor laws.

It led to some observations, but, as presenting
some indirect relief, was assented to.
The Irish Lord Lieutenant's bill was read a
second time; and as affording the means of eject-
ing the present Irish magistracy, and introducing
a set, who, however chosen, cannot be worse, its
progress is viewed with pleasure, founded on hope
No comment of ours on the ill-timed equivoca-,
tions at Wexford can be necessary—our readers
will make it for themselves. Gross as was the
Manchester affair, this is at least as bad, if not
more insulting. No course of redress seems left
to the families, but by the writ of APPYA L OF
MURDER, by the nearest of kin, the ancient legal
remedy, and not now encumbered with the super-
stitious wager of battle. We presume this is the re-
medy proposed by Mr.CosTELLoE; and being in his
contemplation, he of course withdrew the witnesses,
not choosing to be a party to what was passing.
—Plenary justice in a case like this would prove
to the people of Ireland, the important point, that
they might rely on the protection of the law ; and,
thank GOD, the present Ministers are not the same
description of men as the Ministers of 1819. We
feel therefore assured that Government will not
abandon a prosecution of this nature, and it will aid
the sufferers in proceeding with the APPEAL, (or
ATTAINT, as our Printer made it in a late Ar-
ticle), as a tribute due at once to the laws and to
the feelings of both countries. A PAIR TRIAL
will appease the living and the dead !

We yesterday inserted a copy of LORD
Baotran m's Bill. It is a step towards improve-
ment ; for while the 70 Commissioners existed,
there could be no change in the infamous bankrupt
laws, which have never had any effect, if any ob-
ject, but the INCREASE AND SECURITY OP LEGAL
PLUNDER. These harpies, therefore, were the
body-guard of the system, and they raised a
frightful uproar if any one alleged that a ma-
jority of creditors could better arrange with
a debtor without their aid. Hence, in all com-
mittees for revising the bankrupt laws, they
took care to form the acting majority; and
any knave had only to remark to a witness—
" but you would thereby diminish the number of
Bankruptcies ;" and the gang then commenced a
terrible howl! Lord BROUGHAM, therefore, has
taken the bull by the horns ; and when we are
fairly rid of these useleu and mischievous Com-
missioners, and their fees, we may calculate on
being able to place the whole system on a footing
which will serve creditors, and not render insol-
vency a primary means of enriching the law.

ROYAL EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
Consols, which left off yesterday at 83 hto
for the Account, opened at 83 1, at which price
they are at present, alternately buyers and sellers.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing.
TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols have been fluctuating during the morn-
ing from 831 to 83i. At present they are 83j
sellers for the Account.
In the Foreign Market, nothing doing op to
the present hour.

THREE O'CLOCK.
STOCK Excaratoz.--Bank Stock, 291) 2. Three per
Cent. Red. 83) 4. Three Ter Cent. Console, 83; e.
Three and • Half per Cent. mit. 911. Three and a
Half per Cent. Red. 914 1. Three and a Half per
Ct. New, 911 ; 1. Four per Ct. 1446, 100; 991. Long
Annuities, Jan. 1360, 17; 1. Annuities, Oct. 1859,
17 13.16. Annuities, Jan. 1860, 16; 17.161. India
Stock, • do. Bonds, 1 2 preen; Old Annuities, —.
ZloooExclequer Bills, 12 14; £5OO ditto, --; £lOO and
£2OO ditto. —. Consols for Acct, 83)
The scheme of a London University was first
suggested by DEFOE, and revived with too little
knowledge of the world by a speculating modern
poet. It was a mistake, for London is not a acite
for fagging studies, while, owing to endowments,
education is cheaper at Oxford and Cambridge—
(board and education about 1001. or 1101.) than it
can be made in any unendowed establishment. A
popular university might succeed, but not one
which affects monkish learning without monkish
estates, support, and privileges. By popular, we
mean one in which living languages should be
adopted, in place of the dead ones—truth preferred
to mere routine precedent and authority—and pro-
fessors chosen from the active world, and not from
among men disciplined into the prejudices of other
Universities. This would be a true London Uni-
versity, and such a one as the London public
still desire, and would encourage. But to organize
it requires an original mind, and several years
zealous perseverance. As the objects were incon-
sistent with modern manners, or with the society
of a metropolis, which seeks science for the
graces, and not the rust of life, the failure was
probable; but it would have been considered illi-
beral and ill-natured to say this, till it seems to be
rendered too certain. The building, the museum,
&c. may, however, still be useful; but to succeed,
the parties must descend front their stilts, and con-
descend, with the humility of real wisdom, to be
POPULAR—or these can be no Lox vox Uni-
versity I.
In Mr. DEACLZ, the Baring. nod the Hamp-
shire Justices seem to have caught—we were going
to say a Tartar—but we would rather say a true-
born Englishman, for he announces other pro-
ceedings, and all the world will applaud his spirit.
It will be a great public good to teach local aristo-
cracy, that they aro within the power of the law.
But it is grievous that warfare of this kind is
necessary ; and really it is high time that we had
a general weeding of the magistracy, and that
none should be allowed to sit on the beach who do
not 'hew by their practices that they understand the
full import of the words " judgment in mercy."
Yesterday was a dry day throughout, and this
day resembles it, they break, therefore, the silly
charm of St. Swithin. At this season it always
rains without ceasing within the northern tropic,
and as the same masses of clouds often extend to
higher latitudes, so when they do so, we have rain
for many days. This was the case long before this
legendary saint ran his mortal career ; but his vo-
taries easily persuaded ignorant people that it was
a weeping of thelleavens for Swithin ; and popular
errors we know are more easily implanted than
uprooted.

COURT CIRCULAR.
The Duko, Duchess, and Prince George of
Cumberland returned to their residence at 16w, on Sunday
night, from a visit to their Majesties at the Palace at
Winrisor.

The Earl of Carlisle, Earl Grey, Viscount Mel-
bourne, and Lord Holland, arrived at the Palace at Windsor,
on Sunday evening, on a vi,it to their Majesties.
A conference of the Ministers of the Five Great
Powers was held yestatlay afternoon at the Foreign Office,
yid& was attended by the Russian, French, and Austrian
Ambassadors; the Baron de Wessenburg, the Austrian
Envoy Exuaordinary ; Count Matoushcvits, the Russian
Envoy Extraordinary; and Viscount Palmerston.
The Spanish and Saxon Ministers transacted'
business yestenlny, at the Office of the Secretary of State
for Foreign Affairs.
The Hanse Towns Minister transacted business
yestetlay at ,he Board of Trade and Council Offices.
The Chancellor of the Excheiuer entertained al
party of Members of the House of Commoas at dinner, on'
Saturday evening, at his residence in Downing-street.
Among the party were Sir tVilliam Guise, General Palmer,
Messieurs Briscoe, Ewart, Slane], Carter, Benett, Hey-
wood, Kcmp, Lennard, Lumley, Paget, Power, Strutt, and
Wane.

It is expected that O'Conor Don will be returned
without opposition for the county of Roscommon, Mr. Lloyd
having resigned.
Mr. O'Connell has addressed a letter to the
electors of the county of Meath, strongly urging them to
return Mr. Henry Grattan for that county.
The squadron under Sir Edward Codrington,
which was off Piysnouth last week, has been off Falmouth at
different times, since Sunday last. The squadron, which con-
sists of twelve vessels, is not expected to return to port for
three weeks or a mouth.

Since the establishment of a uniform for De-
puty-Lieutenants, their number has been nearly doubled;
which looks as if a laced coat had more attractions for these
bloodless soldiers than the merit of serving their country.
Lieut.-General Sir Colin Halkett, the Com-
mander-in-Chief on the Bombay establishment, embarks at
Portsmouth, on board the Upton Castle, on the 20th of
August.
Two memorials, of a directly opposite tendency,
have been forwarded to Lord Melbourne from Saltuh--the
one praying that the Borough may be transferred from
Schedule A to Schedule B of the Reform Bill, by which
alteration it would be allowed to return one Member; the
other manorial prays that it may remain in Schedule A, and
consequently be wholly disfranchised, it being considered im.
possible that an independent constituency can be created In
the place.

Madame Vestris has taken the Olympic Theatre
on a lease of five years.
The Richmond Theatre, under the management
of Mr. Kean. opened on Monday last, and has been fashion-
ably attended.
Mr. Charles Kemble, Miss Fanny Kemble, Miss
Inverarity, Wallack, and T. P. Cooke, are engaged by Mr.
Kelly, the manager of the Southampton Theatre.
JuLts RCGONDI'S CONCERT.—NO person that
has not heard the performance of this wonderful youth on
the guitar, can form a correct amino of the powers of that
instrument. His concert took ,dace at the King's Theatre,
on 'aturday. and was numerously and fashionably attended.
He played most of his favourite (nieces, not omitting his vs.
nations on Non pin moan. sad Isis great merit received the
universal surprise and applause of the company. The talent
Of i'ASTA, RAIMBAUX, and 'Madame DOLLEN
co-nperattd i t Vic concert, and the huinour of 1)E BEOXII
was finely displayed in the laughable tlue.to with Gui.
BELL', of .Ventre Franciso.

The singular case of Mr. Wellesley was again
argued at considerable length in the Court of Chancery this
day. Upon the application of the Solicitor-Geocral, and
certain arguments adduced by the learned gentleman, the
Lord Chancellor said —" In consequence of the points you
have raised, I suspend the order for immediately taking Mr.
Wellesley to the Fleet Prison till Thursday." On that day
the Solicitor-General is to resume his argument against the
committal of Mr. Wellesley.
A Noble law-Lord, whose sentiments have been
hitherto in abeyance, has, it is now skid, determined to join
the ranks of the and-reformers, and to mist them with all
his might.
Several Members who have either served, or are
beyond the age for serving on Election Committees, tired of
the endless discussion on the Reform Bill, have left town,
having paired off for the remainder of the Session.
Calcraft's Divorce Bill (the order for the further
consideration of which was suddenly discharged the other
day, without any other day being named) is again placed on
the Order Book of the Howe of Lord,. The Earl of Rad-
nor, on Friday, called the attention of the House to the
subject; and, on his motion, the bill was ordered to be far-
ther considered on Friday, the 6th of August. Several
witnesses were ordered to attend, and the Lards were directed
to be specially summoned.
On the approaching abolition of the Essex-
street office, it is proposed that one of the hackney-coach
inspectors be deposited as a curiosity tither in Mr. Cross's
Gallery or the British bluseum, being an animal never yet
seen, we belkve, by the public.
NEWTOWN BA RUIN—We prepared our readers
on Tuesday for the result of the Ncwtounbarry affair. The
Grand Jury have ignored the bills against Graham, even
for inanidaug:iter—and though bills were found against a
policeman, the people refused to prosecute. The people,
we think, were perfectly right. We confess we have a
strung Indisposition to approach this subject, though,
heaven knows, we have sufficient provocation by the fero-
cious delight, worthy the meridian of New inland, which
the an arch lets express, at the slaying and drowning of so many
innocent men and women, and at the refusal, on the part
of the Grand Jury, to have, we will not say, justice done— ,
for we dare not accuse a Grand Jury of partiality—but at'
least a trial had. In this affair, it is admitted on all hands
that the Marquis of Anglesey did every thing that loan could
do for the purpose of speeding the ends of justice. But his
Excellency was defeated, and the people were defeated.
What a frightful state is this country in What a picture i
of society do these transactions exhibit ! We read in the I
London Papers of the ill-will existing in several parts of
England between the upper and lower orders of society.
What is it in Ireland P But enough for the present. Our
limits, and we are glad of it, force us to desist—Dublin
livening Post.
If Mr. Wellesley were committed to the Fleet,
how long is he to remain ? What measure of
suffering atones to the offended dignity of the Court
of Chancery ? Surely this is a constitutional point
for solemn parliamentary determination ! His
" amiable" offence is taking his own child under
his on n care—and when before was this an offence
—in what country, under what religion, in what
age ? It seems, in truth, to be an error in limine;
and would it not be wiser to correct it, than to
raise a further question ? The Court of Chancery
against the whole world!
What will Government do with the Irish Yeo-
manry? They are condemned by public opinion,
and what has occurred at Wexford will not assuage
the public feelings. If they are above the law,
it is certainly time to dissolve them. Lord Althorp
has announced that no more arms are to be deli-
vered to them, and this marks them ; but this is
not enough. English opinion concurs with Irish
denunciation, and there ought to be no possible
chance of a repetition of the scenes of Newtown-
berry. We are, in all such cases, for recurring
to the old constable's staff; but if soldiers' weapons
are to be used, let it be by disciplined soldiers, and
not by impassioned and reckless partisans.
The public press of the kingdom is charged with
being partial to Ministers—but what does it owe
them ? They disturbed all the relations of its pro-
perty by announcing in form, a proposed repeal of
duties ; and after thus creating various engage-
ments among parties—and even fixing the then
distant first of July, they now compromise the
interests of hundreds without even a plausible apo-
logy. If the press upholds them, it must be
therefore for reasons which are not personal.

SPIRIT OP THE JOURNALS.
HERAI.D.—Sir Robert Peel talks of the menaces"
which are held out sgait.st him by the press, aril
of the " total disregard" with which he Meats them.—
Sir Robert Peel, in fact, has been spoiled by the pres.,
like other spotid children, le had Deer reined till h.• a wis
correction, but, when the hour of CUrree.ion comes, cannot
submit to the slightest rebuke. As long as the press ht..
moored and flattered, and cried up Sis Robert Peel, it was
" the people's best instructor:" but now that the right
baronet is doomed to hear a few wholesome, but unpaiatabie
truths, from the same quaver, nothing can be half so I,:•t; or
mischievous as the press. But what Sir Robert Peel n con.
by " menaces" we do not at all understand. If coy tlong, ~f
the kind has been exhibited, i' must nave been in a part of
the press which has never come within the reach of our ob-
servation. The truth is. though the press has lately been
under the necessity of ulimg the worthy baronet a few
home truths, which are caletil onl to take down his '4f-im-
portance " a peg or two," yet both, as far es we are con-
cerned, or have seen, correction has been inflicted with a
sparing hand, and in a temptr rartaking much more of kind-
ness than of " menace."

TIMES.—It is impossible for Sir Rob rt Peel to ent.r-
tain contempt for The Press, and his affectation of the eel.
timent only got him laughed at. It is impossible, we rep, tt,
for any intelligent man like Sir Hobert I'M to des;
power which acts so via iouely, but which crumbles i.....
dust the moment in which its n oral foundt.tim.s of truth,
good sense, and general ir.re grit y, sink front under it. Where
has the press any other than forces like these to reit upon ?
Where are to be found its bayonets ? Where its predator) '
boroughs ? The press is called by some bubblers, renal
What is the evidence for such a charge? If venality be
imputable to any class of Englishmen, look nut to th..
columns of newspapers for your proofs,— look to the red
book,—to the reports of Pal liatecnt,—to the list. of
pensions and sineeuree.—to colenial functionaries twenty
deep,—to mercenary Lords,— to painphleteering, job-
bing, mitre.hunting dignitaries of the Church,—to the
innumerable tribes of vermin, bred within the folds
of that poisonous mantle, et Melt has wrapped for ages,
And gradually numbed the Herculean might of England.
Even on any aristocratic principle, Sir R. Peel has no right
to take airs In talking of an intellectual power, wielded in
many instances by men, who, according to the drawing.
room sense of the word—a sense which he no doubt despises
as we do, but better understood, and more fondly cherished.
by some of the right hon. baronet's Tory friends—might
call themselves " his betters." Sir Robert Peel owes his
wealth to the homeliness of his origin. These are gentle-
men, we believe, connected with the press, proprietors of it
and writers for it, who might have been as rich as be, if
their fathers had not been, to use the silly language of that
day, " too well born to condescend to the condition of
weavers." Is that to their credit ? Bah ! Or a reproach
to Sir Robert Peel's history ? The rational world honours
him and hie immediate ancestor the more. But it is a bone
to gnaw for those stretched puppies who yelp out their
querulous insolence from day to day, as if English journal-
iits might not be found who were, even in their own childish
view of things, as in all other respects, " their bettns."
WiU any of these individuals presume to address by name
or in person, a gentleman connected with any department of
the press, the duties of which require liberal education, in
language implying disparagement to him or his profession ?
We suspect not.
CORBETT'S REGISTER.—Tars Aattroceacr.—
There arc two sorts of aristocracy ; some with brains in
their skulls, and some without. The atter arc, 1 hear, very
loud in their expressions of determination to defeat the Re-
form Bill. It is to be hoped that the former will outnumber
them, or, at any rate, outweigh' them ; fur if dint bill be not
passed, this country will be in a state of convulsion. It
was in absolute commotion during the last election. It was
a commotion of public spirit for the affecting of a great and
salutary object ; every man in the community was moved ;
every one had the object at heart; what, then, are to be the
consequences of the loss of that object ? In short, it is re-
form, or that which the ignorant part of the aestocracy will •
slke ten thousand times less than reform. • No part of the
people have, as yea, openly declared few a Republic ; but
they have all declared that boroughmongeting shall not last
any longer. The people of France, as Burke very truly re.
marked, would have startled with scorn and indignation et
the proposition of a Republic in the month of January,
1789; but after they had found that they must remain as
they had been, ground down to the earth by a profligate
court, and an insolent and tyrannical aristocracy ; after
they found that their only choice lay between a continua-
tion of their oppressions and the destruction of all the pri-
vileged orders, they determined upon the latter. If the
aristocracy of England should still be resolved, as 1 trust
they will not, to follow the example of the aristocracy of
France, what right have they to expect, what reason have
they to expect, that the result will not be the same? I
hope they will take warning in time. The example of the
republican government in America is inexpressibly awl-
eating. Men cannot persuade themselves that government,
and good and efficient government, too, cannot be carried
on here, in proportion to the number of the people, as
cheaply as it is carried on there; and I, who ought
to be a judge of the matter, am firmly convinced that
it can. While this example exists before our cycle; while
there is this great bait to draw men towerds a republic, what
monstrous fools must the aristocracy of tingland be, to tell
the people of England that they shall continue to be borne
down to the earth hy taxes ! And this is whet they will
tell them if the bill for parliamentary reform be rejected.
The remedy which the people have in heir hands is, to let
the tax.gatherer seize for the taxes, and sell the goods, when
he can. In several place', this was proposed to be done,
before the reform bill was brought in. One parish in Lon-
don doing this, or eine parish in any one of the counties,
would bring the thing to issue at once. I, some time ago,
• inserted from a Sussex paper a declaration from Sir Godfrey
Webster, that he would do this if 'he reform bill did not
pass. However, there wouk: need no likas example ;
the whole country is ripe for this species of legal ab.ti.
nence ; and, therefore, again I express my hope that the
bill will meet with no determined resistance, and •that
the peace of the country will once more be r.stored.
I The Ministers know very little of the state of the coml.
try : if they knew it, they would know that the reenters are
wholly utsahle to pay a sufficiency of wages ; that the L.
bourses are determined to have that sufficiency ; and that
the farmers are quite ready to make common cause with the
labourers; that is to say, quite ready to avail themselves
of their protection against the demands of the tithe.oener
and elle tax-gatherer. From the language of Lord Brougham
the other night, relative to the rights of the Church, I CT
sure that be knows nothing at all of the state of men's
minds thrcugbout the country. I am sure that he knew,
nothing of what is passing amongst those in that middle
rank of life on whose opinions and wishes every thing meet
finally turn. I wish, while he is so zealously engaged in
diffusing Useful Knowledge, he and his colleagues would
imbibe a Mae themselves; they would then know
I that, from one end of England to the other, people are
resolved that the Church, in its present state of abuse,
shall nor, if they can legally prevent it, exist any
longer. To talk to them of the rights of sql Church is
talking to them of what they really understand much better
than Lord Brougham appears to undersrantL Their school-
master has been abroad, indeed ; and they all repeat his
opinions, and at the same time, too ; just like a parcel of
boys, or, at least, with as much unanimity, as a panel of
boys, repeating a weird or a sentence at one of the new
Schools. They arc all truly informed upon the subject ;
they all know the cause of their sufferings, and are all con-
vinced that they never can be removed but by a reform of
tise Parliament, or by something still more dangerous to the
aristocracy; and this something none of them want. Take
them, therefore, while they are in the mind to stop short of
extremities. Not to speak profanely, " Kiss the Selo, lest
he be angry, and turn from thee for ever." What are the
aristocracy without the people? The people offer themselves
to them: if they reject the offer now, never will it be made
to them again. 1, for instance, should grieve most
sorely to see this form of Government changed: it has
been the best in the world : it has been the model for
the next beat in the world: the country has been the great-
est and the happiest in the world dating its existence ; but
it has been changed: it is not what it was: innovations
enormous have made it quite another thing: we want it re-
stored to what it was : we want a man oto to be transported
for killing a wild animal : we want that none but the judges
of the country should have the power to transpokt se Ire.
and to scourge men, and to imprison them for any learlaot
time, beyond certain limited correctional hours or days :ewe
want to be freed from the everlasting dunning,' and instate-1 •
lags of the tax-gatherer we want to be permitted to writ •
the produce of our 0,16 fields into drink Amour own cellars
in short, we want to be rotas, and to lead easy and happy
lives, such as out (meridiem led, and such as are due to out
exemplary industry, integrity, and all our virtues, public
and private. These are the things that we want : shad, Cop • •
forbid that these things should be found to be incompatible
with the condonation of this present form of Government !
GOD forbid that we should be driven, as the Fends am, to
a choice between slavery sad a republic I
