SPIRIT OP TAR JOURNALS.

Dusxxx Ever; tma Matt..—The Chancellor of the Exchequer
has been taking a military lesson from his master ; and finding
himself unable to carry his attack against the allied forces of the
Stamp and Malt interests, he has contrived to make peace with one
that he may have less to do in assailing the other. But let the Pis-
tillers and the Aiculturists be assuml they are not one jot
the more secure against a future attack, though they now enjoy a
repose necessary to the Minister in his campaign against the press.
When the latter shall be effectually put down, then will come
round the evil day of the former. What the Chancellor could not
effect in the gross, he will accomplish in the detallst and no sooner
shall the batteries of the press be silenced (to make sure of whose
destruction the others are spared) than the Ministerial forces will be
turned against the powers of distillation—both to fleece and to
.punish them. What thee does it behove the interests lately assailed
in common now to do ? To hold together for good or for evil : to
fight out the good fight, and not separate the fortune of one from
that of the other. Let the Distillers and Agriculturists remember
the alacrity and the erect with which the Press fought their battle;
and let them not desert their best auxilaries in the hour of their
need. But for the Press, and its fearless independent and honest
action on the late occasion, the threatened ruin of the agriculturist
and distiller would have been accomplished. If it be averted now,
thanks be to that honest press which sounded the alarm, raised the
spirit of opposition, and conveyed the irresistible missiles of public
opinion even into the enemy's camp, and spread there terror, con.
fusion, and rout. Let those interests then consider their obli-
gations to the press : their constant necessity of such an in-
strument, the facility of a renewed attack upon themselves, if
deprived of such an ally ; and the incapacity of the country to
resist the encroachments of arbitrary power, without the aid
_ _

of that most powerful of all engines ii iondeniing and projecting
the public will. Let Ireland be assured—if the crusade against the
press be persevered in—that the present is but the befinning of
evils, and that every succeeding session will add new links to the
chain of slavery prepared to fetter and wear down the energies of the
country. With a free press, neither slavery nor oppression can co-
exist. Without it, power has but to put forth his iron hand and
grasp what he pleases. The Press is but the guardian of public li-
berty. No upright Minister need fear it; no wicked one can w:th-
stand it. We, therefore, earnestly exhort those interests which now
think they have escaped out of the fire, not to leave behind them
their late fellow-sufferers--not to desert in the furnace those who
enabled them to escape from the flame. Let the whole country
stand as fulls to the Press as the Press has stood to them ; the re.
cent example proves it is their interest to do so. Without the Press
they had been ruined; with it they are victorious. Both must stand
or fall together.
Tsurs.—There has, within this day or two, been handed to us
the copy of a memorial addressed to the Duke of Wellington, by a
considerable number of persons, describing themselves as " late
Preventive Officers of Excise, in Ireland, searing without salary."
It appears that these individuals represent themselves to have been
dismissed the service—where they were principally employed in
still-hunting—without receiving any compensation ; that they had
discharged their duties with sad and success, essentially protecting
the revenue, of which a certain Commissioner Plunkett had de-
clared them to be the " safeguards ;" that their offices had been
turned over to a body called the " Excise Police," who did receive
ply, and various other advantages, but who did not so effectually
serve the interests of the revenue as these displaced memorial.
ists had done. We really know nothing whatever of the
merits of the above parties, and do not like to trust the information
conveyed to us in an &s park statement, by no means remarkable
for the calmness with which it has been written. It appears to us,
however, that the claims for compensation to dismiss officers have
been very often complied with, to an extent unreasonable in itself,
and extremely oppressive to the public. These gentlemen, by their
own showing, had received no salaries s from what practices, there-
fore, had they drawn their revenue while in office, and on what
definite scale or :principle could compensation be awarded ?
Must the proceeds of every still-hunt be brought to book and
investigated ? We suspect that as the Duke of Wellington, who
is proverbial for an almost excessive punctuality in such matters,
has not yet replied to the memorialists, his Grace may be in
possession of facts which do not appear on the face of their re.

CIIRONICLE.-4t is asserted, that in the dissensions between the
Legislature of Prince Edward's Island and Governor Smith, there
was blame on both sides, while there was no criminality on the part
of the Governor. We can easily understand why a Minister should
wish to escape the responsibility of a decision in inch a case, and
finding a balance of 7001. of quit-rents in the hands of the Receiver,
while the proceeds of the current year's rents amounted to 1,0001.
deem it advisable to pacify the Legislature by recalling the Governor,
and to pacify the Governor by a pension of 5001. out of the quit rents.
In fact it is the great evil of our Colonial system that it is impos-
sible in this country to decide between the Authorities and the
Colonists. Whatever course a Minister In this country may put.
sue, he will unquestionably be blamed, and the British public
can never tell whether be is rightfully or wrongfully blamed.--
On the other hand, if a minister, when the conduct of a governor is
complained of, endeavours to shelter himself from responsibility by
referring the complaint, with every document connected with it, to
a committee of the House of Commons, that committee will be
equally unable to act. Neither ministers, therefore, nor the House
of Commons, can La an efficient controul on the local autlrtrities.
it is pretty clear that the colonial system Is one which must neces-
sarily be always open to all manner of abuses. Whenever society is
so far advanced that it becomes necessary to delegate to certain indi-
viduals the management of the common concerns,a difficult problem
in government occurs--namely, the protection of the governed from
their own servants. In a colony the difficulty of protecting the
governed is very great, because the authorities are in a great ma-
sure independent of those whom they govern, and the distant tri.
bunal to which they can appeal, has neither leisure to investigate.
nor means to discover the truth, and, besides, the oppression of
the people in the colonies forms part of the means by which the
business of the government at home is carried on. The whole co-
lonial system of England--and this cannot be too often repeated—
has not for object the gocd of the colonists, but the advantage of
the ruling class in this country. The colonies are a pretext for
giving a share of the taxes to younger sons of the nobility and
gentry, and all those who influence the management of the political
machine in this country.
Hxnatn.--We stated on a former occasion that the old County
Courts, before our Saxon institutions were broken down to erect
upon their ruins the Norman innovations of the feudal system,
were so contrived and administered as to bring home justice to every
man's door. The District Courts proposed by Ate. Brougham's
bill are a different sort of institution from what the County Courts
formerly were, yet the principle is, to a certain extent, the same.
In the County Courts, indeed, the Civil, Criminal, and Ecclesiastical
jurisdiction were originally combined • but the District Courts are
not to have cognizance of any criminal business, nor ate they to in-
terfere with the Ecclesiastical Courts, any farther than by being em-
powered to try certain cases of legacies. The Judge, who
must be a Sergeant.at.Law, or a banister of ten years stand.
ing, and is to be called the Judge in Ordinary, is to sit
once a month, to try all such causes as are set down for
trial in different parts of the district. The jurisdiction of
his court will extend to the cognizance of all actions where the de-
fendant resides within the district, and the cause of action, if not on •
fkbt, does not exceed one hundred pounds—or on a tort JtPy
pounds, and where title to real estate, tithe, or bankruptcy, or to
toll, market, or other franchise, does not come in question ; but it
may try all actions at law of all kinds, and to any amount, by eon-
'cut of pani.A. It will have authority to try, in a summary way,
small debts, not exctoding five pounds, under similar restrictions,
as to titles to real estates, liar:. WS in the case of actions to a larger
amount. The claims of legacy coming within its jurisdiction are to
be limited to 1001. which will save much expense and vexation to
persons entitled to small legacies, and who are obliged to abandon
their claims, or proceed for them according to the expensive and
tedious process of the Ecclesiastical Courts. Besides these
powers, the District Courts will have authority to try all matters at
law or in equity, by way of arbitration, the pasties consenting.
This provision may prevent many a Chancery suit, which might
end in the ruin even of the victorious party. They will also have
authority to hear and advise on all disputes, by consent of parties,
with a view to reconcilement—an excellent provision, and calcu-
lated to prevent much li-igation, both at law and equity. One of
the ?reatest improvements, however, contemplated by this Bill is
the introduction of a plain, short, simple mode of pleading—just
what is necessary to make the matters in dispute intelligible, and
bring the poin.4 to be tried fairly in issue, and nothing more; thus
making law and common sense mutually assist each other, with-
out any disgraceful fictions, sham pleas, or expensive techni-
cality, to conver: justice into an engine of rapacity and
oppression. It should also be mentioned that, by consent of par-
ties, a jury may be dispensed with. But not only are sham pleas
and unnecessary length of pleadir.g prohibited, but the judge has
the discretionary power, in cases of prolixity and misstatement of
facts in the pleadings, of ordering attorneys to pay the costs out of
their own pockets. It is likely that, under such a system, fiction ,
and surplusage will be altogether extirpated, as they can no longer
be a source of profit to the practitioners in the law. In moat cases
the superior courts will have a power of revising the decisions of the
district courts ; and any matter trial before the judges in ordinary,
whether of law or fact, rosy be revised by the judge of anise ; and
the sentence of the judge in ordinary, or verdict of the jury, may be
set aside, and a new trial ordered by the same judges. Powers
are also given, under certain restrictions, to both the Judge in Ordi.
nary and Judge of Assize, to reserve points, and order cases for the
opinion of the Courts in Vtrestminster-hall. Such are the
features of the Bill, which will shortly, we expect, cowl=
Parliament more in detail. It is our opinion, taking it altogether,
that it is the best plan that has been proposed in naffn times for
tusking justice accessible to the humbler classes of society, sad eats

Iring down the ruinous expense and delay, which, where small sums
were disputed, or minor grievances were to be redressed, made jus-
tice always difficult, and frequently unattainable. We therefore
wish that the state of public affairs may not deprive the country of
the opportunity of seeing it put to the proof of experience at the
close of the present Session.

N INTELLIGENCE.
EXPEDITIO ALGIERS.
The Illensiesur published nothing on Tuesday respecting the
expedition to Algiers, and it Is probable that it will not publish
any thing until the detailed reports arrive, which must have been
forwaruLd from Toulon by an estafette, which cannot arrive till
Thursday or Friday, at the office of the Minister. However, it is
asked how it happened that the fleet, which was detained, on the
11th, at Palma, by bad weather, which seemed likely to continue,
could be in sight of the coast of Africa on the 13th, and effect its
disembarkation by the 14th ? Here the wise measure taken by
Admiral Dupeire became apparent. A letter had been communi-
cated which throws some light on the subject :
PALMA, Juxz 11 —The winds conspire against us. For these
ten days, since we arrived here, we had constantly easterly winds,
which prevented our sailing. If it is calm for a few moments we
arc enveloped in thick fogs, that prevent our 'mein,- the very next
vessels to us. Before we arrived here we approached the coast of
Africa within five leagues, but we were compellLd to return. The
fog was so thick that it would have been imprudent, and even
dangerous, to attempt a landing. Three powerful causes enjoined
prudence:—ln the first place the fog, which prevented our,
seeing ary thing at a distance of a cable's length ; in the next
place a fresh breeze, which prevented our approaching the
coast ; and, thirdly, a terribly hollow sea, which would have
infallibly have occasioned the loss of a great number of men
during the landing. We now wait with extreme impatience for the
moment when the wind may allow us to sail from this. Admiral
Duperte, whose activity never slackens, has, at certain distances
from each other, placed a number of King's ships, which form a
scale as far as Turrets Chica, and the moment when the beach shall
be tranquil, signals from the vessels nearest to the African coast will
announce the propitious moment, when we are to sail immediately.
All our vessels have joined here ; none of the boats of the flotilla
are in arrest. Finally, if the weather changes, we shall be very
speedily on the theatre of war.
Tou Lox, Juxe 15.—The following is a new version of the affair
of Tahir Pacha :—" The mission of the Sultan's envoy was to
get rid of the I)ey of Algiers, and to take his place, governing
that part of Africa in his master's name. This plan not having
succeeded, as he was not allowed to pass, he considers the Day
nevertheless deprived of his authority by the sole will and plea-
sure of the Sultan, and to prove his good faith, he has for-
warded to the French Government the document of the Dey's
dismissal. However, the silence which is preserved on this
subject gives Tahir Pacha much uneasiness. He has grown impa.
tient, and wishes soon to receive some explanation, which the 31i-
nistry are in no hurry of giving, as this question seems to embarrass
them much." A journal aonounces this morning, that the Porte
has been making several armaments of sufficient importance to
induce Admiral tie Rigny to approach Constantinople in order to
observe the movements which the Turkish fleet might make. It
is added that it is not impossible but that the Vice-Admiral's
squadron may soon receive reinforcements.

AFFAIRSEECE.
The most recent letters from Egina and Napoli di Romania (of
the 30th of May, and the Ist of June) acquaint us with the em.
barrassing situation in which Greece has been, in passing from a
provisional Government, whose,powen elude its grasp, to the autho-
rity of a King elected by England, whose delegate, and perhaps slave,
he must always have remained. This transitory situation now'
ceases--Prince Leopold's refusal of the crown offered to him is
known by the Greeks,—Count Capo d'lstriaa has just informed
the Senate of it ; these official communications have satisfied the im-
patience of the Greeks, and will be for some days at lept a happy di.
version to the general discontent which divided the people, and a
still more happy suspension of the hostilities which were breaking
out in all quarters, and threatened the country with a general con-
vulsion. But will the letters written from London to the President
foe ever stifle the seeds of the insurrections to which Greece is a
prey ? Will the reign of the laws—the pledge of public safety_
revive in the Peloponnesns ? Will the refusal of the crown of
Greece by the son-in-law of George IV. calm the minds of all, if
this crown is offered to other princes, and still with the same con-
tempt of the Greek nation, which is neither consulted nor heard ?
The accounts which we have before us allow us to doubt of
it the more, as, in order to neutralise the happy effect pro-
duced on public opinion by the communications of Count Capo
d'lstrias to the Greek Senate, the British agent has immediately
published the letters which inform him that the refusal of Prince
Leopold brings forward as candidates for the Greek throne, Prince
Frederick, of the Netherlands, a Prince of Bavaria, a Prince of
Saxony, Prince Paul, of Wurtemburg, Re. The English Cabinet,
if we may believe those who represent it, considers as one of the
attributes of the sovereignty which it exercises over the seas, and as
a dependence of the dominion which :it has usurped over the
lonian Islands, the right to regulate the future state of Greece, to
direct its destiny, to fix the form of goveTtement which
it is to have, and to impose upon it, in spite of itself,
if British interests require it. In this extraordinary mis-
sion the Cabinet of London appears to join the two other Powers,
but in fact it is entirely according to its suggestions that the proto-
cols are drawn up, and in the end nothing is determined and stable
but what it ratifies. If facts did not support the ambitious preten-
sions of England, they would be unperceived by Greece as by the
rest of Europe, which suffers the Cabinet of St. James's to act, and
remains inert and irresolute; but the Greeks, enlightened doubtless
by their interests, mark with uneasiness this odious tendency of the
policy of England, to maintain the status quo of barbarism in the
'Mediterranean, and to keep down all the people who endeavour by
a generous effort to ameliorate their condition, and to break the
yoke of their oppressors. It is rumoured that the Minister of Ma-
line has just withdrawn from Mr. Guilhem the orders for articles
with which lie was to supply the navy.
Letters from Samoa give us interesting details of the late political
' events in that island. The Samians had long feared they should be
deprived of a liberty for which they have made inch sacrifices during
the period of eight years. The decision was made known to them sol
long ago as December.lB2o, by the captain of the Pomone frigate,thcn
off Scio, the castle of which was besieged by the Greeks. The Samians,
in despair, endeavoured to find support in Europe. Their endeavours
were fruitless, and the determination of the frontier, made on the 4th
January, condemns them to return under the yoke of the Sultan.
On the 10th of May last, Turkish commissioners, accompanied by,
some soldiers, suddenly landed at the ancient port of Tigani, near
the ancient town of Samos. They went to Cora, the usual mi.
dente of the governors of the island, for the purpose of getting the
authority of the Sultan acknowledged. The pretensions of these'
lagents were disregarded, and their arrival was the signal of an in.
surrection, which, though now repressed, cannot be considered as
wholly subdued. The Greeks attacked and disarmed the Turkish
soldiers, the commissioners were arrested, and a proclamation pub-
lished in the island produced a great effect. The whole population
took up arms, and notice of this event was sent to the Greek Go.
vestment by the Saurian Captains. The central government Mine.
diately sent an extraordinary agent to Samos, and took all necessary
measures to stop this insurrection. The Turkish commissioners
and soldiers were conducted in safety to Asia. On this occasion,
the Samians showed their moderation and wisdom. The Greek
agent contented himself with requesting the Turkish commissioners
not to return to the island till the fate of Samos and its inhabitants
shall have been finally regulated by the Allied Powers and the Porte.

A curious application was made, yesterday morning, to
Mr. Thomas, the Superinteodant of Police, while he was at Co-
vent.gardent watch-house. A joily.looking, weather-Lawn tar.
came tripping along with true sailor-like step, and inquired for the
Captain. He was immediately introduced to Mr. Thomas, to
whom he detailed his grievances, almost in the following terms:--
" Your honour, I am an old seaman, and am come to you for ie.
dress. I served fifteen years on board the Asia, and was at Nava-
rino with her ; besides, I have been in many other battles, and as
I have served my country well, you ought to do what you Ciii
for me. You must know. I have not long been ashore, and
as I had nothing particular to do, 1 thought I would go to
Windsor and see the King—Lord protect him Well, your ho.
nour, you must know as how I felt very dull, and so I thought I
would get some sort of wife. I hadn't been cruising about long,
afore I met with a juliy wench. as they called " Fair-haired Poll."
I don't like to be under any obligation, so I thought I'd buy her
out and out. We soon MUCK a bargain, and I. bought her for
fifteen pounds. IVe went on very comfortably together for a bit,
but as I had had enough of Windsor, thinks I, we'll go back.
So we tacked about, and got on bowel a coach for town.—
Well, we conies to a place they call Piccadilly, •or some such
name, but my Poll thinks proper to bolt while I was treat-
ing the Juvey, and she not only takes herself off, but also
601. of my money, and all my marry. Now, you know,
Captain, PM nut going to stand this ere; and, therefore, you must
find out Mrs. Poll, and make her hand over my ." Mr.
Thomas, when acquainted with the sailor's stol7,Ptc2 him to
Bow-street, where he repeated it to the Magistrates, who were
highly pleased with the naive style in which he related it, and eon-
doled with him upon his misfortune. He exhibited several cad-
beates to prove that he was a sailor, which, however, were not at all
necessary, as he completely embodied the appearance of a regular
built tar. The Magistrates then advised him to go back to Wind-
sor, as he would be very likely to meet Poll again there, and in
the mean time Mr. Thomas assured him that be would be on the
look-out and endeavour to get him his money again. The sailor
said they must get him his money by all manner of means, and in
the meantime be would bear up again to Windsor, , and keep bis
weather eye upon any suspicious craft, for he was we Poll would be
useogian.

THE MAJORS AND THE MINORS. :

BOW-STREET—(Trees Dar.)
Singularly enough the little Theatre in Tottenitam4treet, in the
management of which, Mr. Alexander Lee, the new Lessee of
Drury, was not long since associated is the theatre which has been
selected for proceeding against on the part of the two great rivals,
on the ground of an infringement of their patent rights. it Is but
fair, however, to state, that Mr. Lee is not yet in possession of
Drury as lessee and is separated altogether from the odium of the
present proceeding.
To-day, at twelve o'clock, having been appointed for the hearing
of the case at Bow-street, the office was completely filled before
that hour, principally by members of the Theatrical profession—
managers, and actors, and their friends. It was after one o'clock
before the case was proceeded with, when, at the desire of
Mr. Adolphus, who appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Petry, the
proprietor of the Tottenham-street theatre was called. Mr. Roach
appeared for Mr. Perry, and satisfied the magistrates (Sir Richard
Birnie and Mr. Halls) that Mr. Perry had left town on
the morning of the day on which the summons was served,
and could tint therefore be aware that his attendance was required.
It was in consequence arranged that Mr. Perry should attend—
or Mr. [torch' for him on this day week.
Mr. John Kemble Chapman was next called, and having an.
swered to his name, at the desire of Mr. Phillips, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read over the several counts of the indictment. This occu-
pied some time, as they were nine in number, and each snfficiently
lengthy. The substance of the indictment was this, that on certain
nights named three pieces were performed at the Tottenham-Street
Theatre—to wit—the (lipsey's Prophecy; Father and Son; or,
Push alony Keep moving ; and an entertainment founded upon the
play of the Beggar's Opera—contrary to the statute, and for which
the judgment of the Court was require:] in penalties of fifty pounds
for each piece so performed.
The reading of the indictment having been conclutletl,Mr .Chap-
man was called on to plead, and answered Not Guilty.
Mr. Anozertus rose, and having called John Parse, s, deputy
bim-keeper of Drury.lane, upon whose evidence the indictment was
laid, proceeded to address their Worships in support e the informa-
tion. He said he appeared to-day on the part of the prosecution in
die present case, and it was right he should in the outset state that
the Individuals who had instituted the present action and for whom
he appeared, wen. Messrs. Kemble, illet, and Forbes, of Covert.
garden Theatre, and the committee of management of Drury-lane. No
other individual had any connection with the proceeding, and it bad
been commenced, not with any vindictive feeling. His clients had
embarked their property in the theatres alluded to, on the ground
of possessing certain privileges, and the interests of a large
number of individuals as renters were also involved. The pro.
ceeding was resolved upon against the Tottenham-street Theatre,
because that establishment had been peculiarly offending against
the rights of the patent houses. Not content with the ordinary
nights of performing the managent had produced these pieces
and others during lent, a period when the decencies of so-
ciety and religious observances restrained the regular houses
from performing.--(Laughter.) Mr. Adolphus said that the
pieces cited in the indictment were under names appparently
to evade the law. But who could doubt that the Gipsey's
Prophecy did not mean Guy Mannering—Father and Son
Cure for the Heart-Ache—and that the entertainment
founded upon the Beggar's Opera was neither more nor less
than the Beggar's Opera itself—as we find too that the
characters in all the pieces are the same. According to the Ste..
lute, every performance of every such piece, in such a theatre as
the Tot et.iiharn-street one, subjects the proprietors to a penalty of !SOL
sterling for every such performance. And I say more (said Mr. A.)
that any dramatic reprssentation, properly so .ulled, where scenery,
dresses, &c. are employed to represent real life and character,
subjects those offending to the payment of the same penalty. I
maintain that there can be no doubt upon the law. The gentlemen
in the present indictment are proceeded against as a warning
to the other theatres so offending ; and the agents who have been
employed, and who have nightly attended the performances, have
been sent there as servants to do so. We might have pro-
ceeded for fifty violations of the statue, but have contented our.
selves with selecting three. Mr. Adolphus next observed upon
the fact of Mr. Chapman being one of the managers of the Tot.'
tenham-strect theatre, and quoted an affidavit filed in the
Court of Chancery in April last, in which the fact was set
forth that John Kemble Chapman was co-proprietor and co-manager
of that Theatre, and that it was rented at the sum of 8001. per an-
num; he could also prove it by the bills sold within the walls of the
theatre. After some further observations Mr. Adolphus said, that
be was prepared to expect some bantering, as to the circumstance
of his having appeared in former cases on behalf of the
Minor Theatres ; but, notwithstanding, he was ready to
meet such observations—(Laughter)—aid had no doubt of °b-
ylining a conviction from their Worships against the :defendants.--
He should now, he said, proceed to call Ws witnesses—when our
Reporter left.
