r~ r
1
~ elk

1

c~

_fin r
t'.r. it
tiat
11
vrai
Attu
C

• •1

HOUSE 07 LORDS. JULY 5.
le Appeal Cause' Burnet and Knowles," the lodgment or;
`ttrior Court was affirmed t• in that of " Cochrane and Lord
," revers,tl. In the case of " Robertson and the Duke oft
," tel..; iv,. to the division of Common Land, the jullgintont
iltr.frlitl. to the case of " Kerr and others v. the Duke of
Is' the..juitgraent was revente44-and-in.that of " Robatson
...ham," remitted for farther coniftlaidlon.
e Coal and• Culnt Export Duty, the Apothecaries' Regula-
tion
tion .Colallalxorce, the New Staittp Duties, aittl the Consult-
d.tt FundiliilK were bronht up itomikeContutotas 1114 read
the bt time. _
.
.1 Militia Pay and Clothing, the Irish Atil!tia Pay and Clo-
this,-,, the Local Militia Amendment, the Salt Duties,• the Irish
144 es Frauds. the Irish and English Spirits Re,,,ulation, The -two
LaChequer Bills, and the Seantens' taci;uraA,inent tills, were
real ti.e seconi time, and ort'errd to he committed, . - I
1131. bids Spirits Acl4.l.titnial Doty Bill was read the third time,
at,:t p:is.ed
The Duke of Wellington's Additional Grant, the •Holyhead
Road, the Scotch Assessed "rases, the Open livats License, and
the Pour Houses Tembezzlement Bills, went through Commit-
sets. and were reported without any amendments.
The Duke of SUSSEX presented a Petition front Sir Watklu
I.ft/es, praying that a former Petition, which he had presented
to the House, would be taken into consideration, and that a
day would be appointed for that putpdser-Ordered to lii: on the
l'ahle.

VACCINATION BILL.
E:►rl STANHOPE rose to move the second read-
ing of an Act for insuring the benefit of Vaccinatiiip.;
to the poorer classes of society. It was reasonable,
lie said, to dispose .of such a Bill in the. presence of
snore thln two or three Lords, therefore he had given
notice on Tuesday, when there was a th►n attend-
ance of Peers, of his intemin. to move the second
reading this day. The B►ll itself was a curious one,
and all the Bills on this subject were equally curious.
One provision was, to have a red flag hung out of
thy window, where any person was infected with the
sit 01 pox, to warn passengers not to approach the.
house. If that regulation had been curried into ef-
fect, persons would have been obliged in winter, per-
haps, to walk up to their knees in snow to avoid the
window. The Noble Earl then referred to printed
reports on the subject of Vaccination, to prove that
injudicious vaccination in Cow-pack Establishments,
had occasioned great mischief and death to children.
1-le concluded by moving, first, 41 That the Bill be
read a second time e. and, secondly,' as -That it be

rtinted."
I3uth Motions were carried, and the Bill was con.
scquently rejected. • •

PETITION AGAINST A TAX BILL.
Earl GREY .moved the order of the day for the
consideration of a Pet.tion from the Licensed Victual-
lei s of the town of Aliiwick, praying their Lordships
to tepeal the additional duties on beer, wine, spirits,
sod tobacco licenses, passed during the present Sea.
The Noble Lord presented the Petition on a
f .rater (fib when objection was taken to it, on the
gerund that it was not usual to receive any petition
against a Tax Dia, during the Session in which .she
Pi:l had passed. His Lordship, on that occasion,
consented to withdraw it, until some search could:be
ni,tde for precedents.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said he had found
that it had been the practice of tl-.e House of com-
mons to refuse a great variety of petitions, for the
zepeal of duties passed in the Session in which the
said petitions were preferred.. It appeared on their
1; adships' Journal?, that in 1756 a qikstion arose.
Whether, according to the practice of Parliament, the
House could receive a Petition from the Lord Mayor
and Comrnonalty of London t Also, one front the
Merchants, and a third from the Tobacconists against
certain duties on tobacco t A Committee was ap-
pointed to search for precedents, and they reported,
that the Petition from the Lord Mayor and Corpora-
tion might be received ; the Petition from the Tobac.
couists was also received ; but that from the Mer-
chants was rejected, on the ground that they had no
peculiar interest in the Bill. The Petitiouers, ad-
mitted to appear by Counsel, were, however,,confined
in their arguments against the Bill to points of new
regulation.
Earl STANHOPE pointed out several inaccura-
cies which had recently occurred yin Tax Bills, which
he ascribed to the custom of relusing to interfere
with such Bills. He was of opinion the Petition in
the present instance ought to be receiveJ, and that
the great of the people should not be curtailed.
Eirl GREY.siated the object of the Petition, and
adverting to the precedents stated by the Noble and
Learned Lon!, could see no incoovenience that would
result Iron? receiving the Petition. As it was of im-
portance that they should not shut their doors aartinst
Petitioners, he should more, be said, u That this Pe-
tition do lie on the table."
After a few additional observations from Lord
ELnON, and the opinion of Lord 11.011SLYS in favour
of she motion, the question was carried, the Petition
ieceived, and laid on the table.

IN

TUC P11.1.014Y AIIOI,ITIO'N BILL.

The Earl Of LAUDERDA LE rose, pursuant to
r.o.tze, to move the second reading i‘t this Bill, and
said, he had undertaken a duty of a serious nature. '
He was aware that any alteration ;n the criminal law
of the country was to be attempted a ith great C.:M-
-OM and deliberation, yet, after what had passed, with
sweet to ,hie subject, fp considered liiinstlf testified
in the step he was pfking. The punishment orpillory
was generally reprobated by the people at large, and
in a great degree the sentiments of the Judges were
ap,ainst it. The Noble Earl traced the origiii of pu•
vishment by pillory to the reign of Henry the First,
when butchers were placed in that situation for selling
suably Folk. Salters lot ',clang bad bread were also
treated ma similar way. It had been of late years
used as punishment for the worst of crimes, but the
Wert obj.tetion was, that, in some instances, it was
%no punishment at all; in others it exceeded all juris.
diction of law, and actually inflicted death, where
the law da.not inflict dela. The Noble Earl in-
stanced the case of Dr. Shebeare, who was se-atenced
to the pinery for a libel; the Sheriff, on that occa-
sion, suffered a servant to stand with au umbrella
river. the Doctor's head during his punishment ; the
Moll it the Came time formed a ring, and gave him
wia►
41 for refreshment. This, in fact, was nu punish-
pent at all; and the law was defeated. His Lord.'
ship had been on the other hand a witness of the se-
verity et this mode of punishment i
.a man was put
in "ihe pillory, in the Setetts,h,pUpeAshwetk,
.far
at
vile offence, andi•-in lyte,iiiihutel he fell
‘ifiwn dvid iltV 'etYbkquesice• Uf• the violence of tf:e
Tl3eFf alsosin instariet of a Orson tasking.
;fon to avoid the shame Of the pillory. The Noble
art w,,s wady tet admit that the law required severe

,

punishm nt, perhaps pillory for some crimes, but the
punishment es it was that
y a
applied, might not tri.bit
sallow d. liti.oncluded • moving the Bbe tcad
, • ..
second Lime,: in order to be centimitted.
LrIfdILLENIXIIROUGH *aid, he rose In ra-.
:ther a peinfulaituattein, because it might seem, if
!did'not the proposition of the Noble Earl,
Ilhat he ha'cl an interest in painful and vindictive pu-
-Inishment. 1-lowevrr he could not do his duty did he
not exptz..l leis sentiments on die subject. The Noble
Lord had truly said, the punishment of pilloty was
-one of uncertainty, because it depended on the heat
and fever of dreinob.. That abuse, however, was
.
to ]be ascribed to negh:ct of duty in those,tvho had to
carry the punishment into execution. The imperfect'
iez !eution of the law was ne impeachment to the law
be sheritf was directed to be ready with his pone.
i.vethatits to, see the law properly carried into crecu•
tidn. In the case of Dr. S:etbeare, the. parties were
.guilty of .an infamous ahnse of power.. In .anether
,instance, Daniel Isaac Eaton was puoialted for a libel
meat odious to every pious man ; tt
.wai supposed be
would be the object of peculiar vengeance on the
part of the mob, and.he was sentenced to be pilloried
in the OW Bailey, because, if the mob had been in-
clined to endanger his life, he might have been car-
ried into • Newgate. Daniel I. Eaton, who was a
most misehievous character, however, *found persons 1
to mitigate his punishment:—that was one of the in7,l
stances to prove that punishment by pillory was liable
to abuse. It was not a species of punishment his
Lordship admired, and he had only inflicted it in one
case on the circuits, where a man had ban bribed to
permit prisoners of war to escape, and ihaving con-
veyed them to the coast, left them to be taken again.
The Lord Chief Justice entered on a most eldquent
, and learned statement of the sentiments of ancient

writers on the punishment of the pillory, and parti-
cularly distinguished cases of itatid,frilionarie:as they
were described in the old statutes, to which that
mode of punishment was applicable. In the recent
case of a Purser who had defrauded Government; by

forging certificates, purporting to be vouclwrs for
rations, supplied to General Mina on the coast of
Spain, and for a fabricated loss of stores, his Lord-
ship considered the pillory peculia: ly applicable.
Sentence had been passed on him, and lie was to
stand in the pillory on a remote day. The time had
been deferred in consNuence of the expected dis-
cussion on this measuie. The Nob!e Lord opposed
what he considered too rash a proposition, fir alter-
ing the criminal law, by doing away aTuraishment
which had been knawn since It was applica.
ble in some instance and care should be taken not
tq abolish it in Coto. His Lordship concluded by
moving that the Bill be committed this day three
months. •

The LORD CH4NCELLOR suggested that
the Judges shauld be consulted wish respect to the
offences to which the pillory ought to apply bciore
the Legislature adopted any measure whatever on
the sutlect.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL acquiesced in thy
1
Lord Chancellor's proposition. He was oropinion.
in cases of perjury the pillory was a proper puniab-1
malt. _ _ _

Earl STANHOPE said,. he wished for the aboli.
lion of the pillory, because it was a punishment irre;!
gular in its effect. If he had been tried for libelling
the Corn Dill, and had been sentenced to the pillory,
the mob would nor have pelted him.
After a tel observations from the Marquis• of
DOCGLAS-

Lord LAUDERDALE made his reply, oblerr-
ing, that he should give way on this occasion, because
he was sure it would 1,,e a :natter of high satisfaction
to the amiable fe:ling► of his Learned Friend who
brought forward tilt: Bill, to know
,it would le'ad to
an effect which would benefit the existing penal code
of this country..
The amendment was then agreed to without. a di-
vision, agd the Dill is lost for this Session.
Several Bills were brought up from the Commons,
and read a first time.
The Bills were forwarded on the table, and the
House adjourned... .

HOUSE OF COMMONS. • • •
The Apothecaries Bill, Colicilidated Fluid Bill, Flax Seed Bill,
Cinder Bill, Inland Coals Bill, and Militia Pay Bill, were read
a third lime and passed.
'lire Vote of Credit Bill was reported, and ordered to be read
a third time tomorrow.
Mr. IittOGDFX hr. .ught up the Report of the American Trade
Bin, which, alter new words from Mr. A: lisowmt, Mr. Al-
derman ATKINS, MS. WILtIENFORCS, and do: CILANCSI.LOR of
the Esc ti sou it It, was ordered to he read a third time tonnarew.
'the keport of 14e Charitable Donation Bill was received, and
ordered tube read a thin) !fine to-morrow:
The CLIANCALLOK of the EXCHEQUER rave notice that
It should, to-oturiow, move so 1)1 the House over
to Tuesday, as he supposed the ordinary business of the tirssioo
would be cousludcd to-unarms.
lite Irish Cotton Bounty Bill,. and Seeds 8111,. were reported,
and tad, red to he read J third time to-morrow
'1 he hast-india Postage Bill, alter a few winds from the C •N.
CSLLOS of the Eaciseueit,•• Mr. .Altlerman A.ratt:s,. Mr.
Howua ret, sad Mr. Ll4llll N GTO N, was reported, and ordered
to be lead a third time to-morrow. •
SLAV 4 'MADE.
Mr. WILBERFORCE brought in his Bill for the
mote effectually preventing the 'Trade in Slaves, by
Colonial Register
Mr. BARHAM entered heart and soul into the
(.I)jt.ct which this Bill proposed to accomplish, but
he trbk!cted, and with great reluctance, to the means
it provided.tor envying that object into effect. The
Bill assumed a contraband trade in Slaves to exist in
the Colonies: but what proofs had been adduced of
its existence ? Not even the form of an inquiry had
taken place, and not a single instance had been ad-
' %foetid. He was convinced in. his own mind that no
such contraband trade was carried on, and he depre.
tided an imputation upon the Colonies without the
least ground in point of fact. Why pass a Bin
against the unanimous feeling of the Colonies, and
Illicit could not be carried into effect without their
cordial concurrence ? He felt it necessary to say, an
the present occasion, that, in a book recently pub.
haled on this subject, there was much false rearm.
,ing and most peinicious doctrine, which, if acted
up()A, •would prove extremely detrimental to the Co.
lonies.—Being cin his legs, he would take the tipp or..
tunity of then giving notice, that he should, eerli in
4e'neet Session, renew a Bill which Mad the
'ianctiuirof that 'House, and had been thrown oat in
another. He trusted those who ifo eagerly resisted
it.weuld.-fcel it their duty, after opposing
'sure, to suggest some measure on their own views,
to remedy the evil. He repeated, that- he thought
there was Ito necessity, fur:tins UAL tiolitise4

• 1. a. , -. ••

prevent a contraband trade in Slaves, which had no
eiisteniet. • -It reminded him of the Basin Ovid;
itt sf foes ate pulvis tunes so core autism."
Illis;Otnitted the seal for the abolition which ani-
Mated the conduct of Gentleitsen,e but he lamented,
*Abe tame time,_ a derma animosity to the Colo-
alto which seemednlso to prevail.
Mr. W. SMITH regretted the necessity of differ-
ing from his Honourable Friend who had last sat
diiisin,',and 'trusted he would not persit in any opposi-
tion to the Bill ; a Bill which was framed not against
the great colonial body,
.not even upon the assump-
don that a contraband. trade was carried on to any
extent, but upon the supposition that the crime was
possible, and would therefore be attempted by some
few evil disposed persons even in the most virtuous
community. The provisions of the Bill were directed
only against the fevi who may violate the law.
Mr. A. BROWNE ttioUght the Bill wholly super.
f~uotis. What proof was adduced of the existence of
the crime intended to be repressed not even an in-
quiiy had been made into the matter. He should
therefore oppose the Bill.
• Mr. GORDON also opposed the Bill, and paid
some compliments to his Honourable Friend (Mr.
Barham) on the management of his estates.
Mr. WILBER FO RCE replied.—Not only the
planters, but the historians of Jamaica had declared
it would be nearly impossible to prevent the importa-
tion of slaves, and in this the naval officers agreed ; it
was therefore necessary to take every internal melt.
sure to prevent the introduction and contraband. sale
of slaves. He denied that he had been guilty ofany
general calumnies against the West Indians, but of
the system exalting in t'.: West Indies; he would again
assert, that it was the worst that had ever existed-,
much worse than the slavery of Greece and RoMe.
In the West Indies the slaves were
.mere .hewers.of
wood and drawers of water, whereas among the slaves
of antiquity were to be found 'some of the vt•ry best I
writers of their time; this formed a very striking con-
trast. The Bill was necessary, and would behineficial,
and even those wio opposed it couldennedeny the jus-
tice of its principle, nor could they dispute the facility
of evading the act of abolition as things now stood.
He had heardenough of the West Indian Legisla-
tures, not to be very sanguine in his expectations of
any thing good from that quarter. It had indeed been
declared, that the few good acts which had passed in
the colonial legislatures were rather the cflect of a
wish to prevent the Parliament at home from inter-
fering, than of any desire for the well being of the
negroes. It had often been:represented, that it was
an intolerable evil to tear wives. from their lu:shit:di,
children from' their mothers, and in short to sunder
all the dearest ties and relations of life ; and it had
been proposed to counteract this great evii by making
the slaves am-I'lli but even this had never been
put in practice. With respect to the West Indians,
he bad no doubt but theft were among there many
benevolent individuals, and for the Honourable Mem. I
ber (Mr. Barham), he had no. doubt he was willing
to snake extentive sacrifices for the comfort of his
negroes : but he could not know their situation e they
might be most materially injured without his know-
ledge, notwithstanding all the beneficent instructions
which he might send out to his managers. He should
thdefore move that the Bill be read a first time and
printed, in order that it. might go across the woter for
examination, that opinion there might pinnaunce
tiptin it whether it was a proper Measure or not.
. Sir G. N. NOEL said a few words, and the Bill
was.read a first ti:ne, and ordered to be printed.
BREAD ASH.=

Mri F. LEWD; moved the third reading of the
Dread Assize* Abolition Bill.
• .-General- THOR/sFroN wished to reduce the pe.
nalty. tor using alum trom £'2o to Rio. He under.
stood that it was used in such small quantities that it
:could not he injurious.. The Hone Mover of the
:BiH, however, deserved so well of the Hous: and the
country for his exertions, that he would not press the
alteration, utiles% it met the views of that Honourable
•Member.
• Mr. F. LEWIS said he was not disposed to alter
the penalty, for he had learnt that there was scarcely
a baker in London that did not pot alum in his bread;
this. eaten daily was very injurious, particularly t 6
children. The penalty was mot to exceed ri•2o, 404
the Magistrates had the discretional power of re.
clueing it. • • 1
Mr. Alder Man C. SMITH. said be had been for in.
creasing the Penalty, because bough £E.IO Might di.
ter little bakers, yet men in a large way would get
more than that sum bY alum in one week ; at the
same time he slid not with to deal hardly by the
• bakers; who got their bread withal' much dilSculty as
any men.
Atter a few. *orris front Sir CIO. Nom., .tlie Bill
was read a Chitd time and pased.--Adjourned.

• . •
The Bill which was rcall a third tinseund passed
in the Hattie of Commons last night to repeal the
Acts now in fotte, relating to Bread, to be sold in
the City and ,Liberties of Loridon, put within the
Weekly Bills Of Mortility, and ten tvißes of the Royal
Exchange, and to .prevent the adulteration of. meal,
Hew, and bread, within the same limits, contains the
following amongst other less impiwtant provision's 4.•-•
The . several Acts front Si Geo. IL 40.4 K Goo. lit. relating
to the Assize •are repealed, as to within ten macro( the Royal

ketliUnge.. • • • •
Bread may be made of such proper materials, and sold at such
.prices, as bakers may think .proper.
&c• not to use alum in making of bread for sale; on
pain of forfeiting' not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five
pounds, or imprisonment not exceeding six montils. .
The penalty for adulterating corn, meal, ur tour, whether at
the time of grinding, dressing, or bolting, &c. or of selling the
meal or flour of one sort of grain for another sort, is a sum not
exceeding live pounds for every offence.
Loaves made of the meal of any other grain than wheat, to be
marked with the letter M.
Magistrates or Peace Officers, by their warrants, may, at
sewn:ibis times, search bakers' premises, and if any adulterated
flour, bread, an. be band, it may be seized and disposed of.
Penalty on bakers in whew premises shall be found any Ines.
dimes for adulteratiog flour, ice. a sum not exceeding sego on
every conviction; and, in &fault of payment, imprisontuent to,
hard labour for a pet iod not exceeding six months The Josticev,
bctore st Mom any such offender shall be convicted. are required
to cause the offender's name, place:of abodis and Ogrraciirtolke.
published ht some Newspapy whifh.shall be printed or publivhs
ad In or near the City of London. ,
Pena.ty for obstructing any search. or the relsureof any flour,
&v. or ingredient to adultagato h,, a suns not exceeding Win for
every oU nee.•
It any lialtirohtli make It sppose.fhat any offence for which
he shalt have paid penal' y, ',ban have been. Occasioned by the vrti-
tul defauit of a strewn, the 'Magistrate may order his servant to
make ter pence. &c,
Tho.sevtral herenfter mentioned of even tort of bread
which ntian io;„ made for sale, winin the 014 City or. 44hatin't

.110 P.
k
•

t• , llimie-
Pj.SR LI A MEIV7:eIRr PROCEEDINGS.

.. ,
