Eanpgaity of Spanish infantry came in °
French,
the
ch,a Frenddtch,
ate
eof
rest
The large fleet, which has for some time
' 1. here, with eighteenlisdhe,setrwteors
1.15130 N, APRIL 11. . whamll i
five
i Phis
e ni
aren g
The Marquesito's party has entered Aranjuez ire ltalians, Poles, &c. They report, that many more w. i-boueLisbon, Cadiz, for
and the Mediu
Ocana, having marched by way of Carnestolenclas. intend to desert, all being dissatisfied with the bad u
nean, sailed yesterday. A corsiderable numbn
At Aranjuez they made a French Captain and four treatment they receive from their • Officers, and the
soldiers prisoners, and seized ten waggons laden with hardships•
and fatigue they undergo in the service. recruits, with General HOUGItTON, Colonel How,
muskets, and five with regimentals, boots, &c.- The CHAVE ,APRIL 3.
S fleet. Gel
party consisted of 1000 infantry and 200 cavalry, and Hotroneon and suite went in the
On the 22d ult. the enemy suddenle evacuated - Euryalus frigal
collected all the stragglers in that quarter from Man-
Oviedo, leaving behind his s ck, and the Spaniards A considerable embarkation of troops for Pore
cha to Manzenares.
The party of the Canon of Signenz was, by the who had fallen into his hands, on being informed of and Cadiz will take place next week. Most of
a
the approach of General Ponte, who had dislodged
last accounts, at Alcazar de St. Juan. Lieutenant- regiments have already been mentioned in the Se,
thc enemy from the heights of Fresno, with some loss. ,
Colonel Francisquete Sanches, a dwarf in stature, but says, ; That fine re it
the 3d, (or King's own)
A letter from General Melly, of the 29th ult.
a men of great bravery, has P5O cavalry, and 150
that he had taken the command of the 4th division of goons, which were to have marched yesterda,
infantry under his comniand. The same day that
the Marquesito entered Aranjuez, Francisquete sue-
General Garcia, and that he was to set out the same Guildford, have received an order to remain in
prised and put to the sword 4:0 Frenchmen, at Villa- day for Villafranca, where he had ordered all his forces
present quarters until further orders. The heavy
to form a junction.
rubia de los Ojos. He afterwards had a brush with age which was left at Canterbur is now on '
The Governor of Puebla de Sanabria writes word g . y its
the French at Pedronheras, and then marched for to Guildford.
that pursuant to orders from General Mahy, he was
Cuenca, to pay a visitheras,
to Bassecourt, carrying with
him five arrobas weight of p pees, found upon va-
on the point of advancing to Baneza, to divert the The 103 d regiment are on their route for
rious French couriers, whom he b d intercepted.—
a
attention of the troops besieging Astorga. This mouth, to embark for Portugal.
movement was atobe in concert with the force under The remains of the 23d Light Dragoons, cote
the command of Echevarria.
On the 27th ult. the party commanded by the Peiest ble of about f..)00 men, are ordered from Guildford t
Letters from Ponferrada state, that a considerable
i
Canhizares had an affair with the enemy, who fell
back to Ciudad Real, and afterwards to Hospicio.—
body of the enemy's force before Astorga had moved terbury. This is the Regiment which so gallant.
off on the 26th, but their destination was not known. charged the French solid square, and suffered so se-
The Spaniards also entered Ciudad Real, and one of
The force left to blockade it consisted of between
their Serjeant killed a French Serjeant in the place. verely in consequence at the battle of TelaYera.
The 8 and 9000 men.
French had, besides, seven or eight privates
killed on this occasion. Our troops then retreated, •
THE EVENING STAR. through Romford from Wheely Barracks, in Esse-,
' upon receiving the intelligence of the advance of 400
• French from Almaero and Damiel.
ts
On the 25th the Frincli broke down the bridge of LONDON. The 11x1 regiment of foot marched into Stratford
Puerto Llano. Their number was about I tRIO, and -- and Bow yesterday at noon, preparatory to their em-
; they intended to advance to Almaden. The Briga- SATURDAY, APRIL 28. barkation for Portugal.
dier D. Isidore Mir was, on the 30th, making preps-
PRICE OP STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK. Yesterday morning, the 2cl battalion of the first le-
i tions to receive them. He had with him about 300
' • • . aper C. Com.money,-
i men,chiefly infantry ; but his force was drily moves-
S per C. Rednoed 681-4 per Cent. 89{ 84
I ing. On that day he was at Siruella, and haci.col- 5 per Cent. Navy 99i.—Excheq. Bills Si. 14s. prem. Foot Guards, were inspected by Colonel CLINTON, in
I lected about 56 horse. PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY. the Birdcage Walk, St. James's Park, previous to the
Some soldiers who left Carpio del Toledo on the Bank Stock 269 i I India Stock 18.51 sickly men, lately returned from the island of Viral.
20th ult. state, that the French had very few troops 3 per C. Red. Ann. 69it India Bonds 17s. prem.
in Montalvan, and that in Toledo they had only be- 3 per Cent. Cons. 70-1 Exchequer Rills, 6s. 125. pre. cheren, being sent to different parts of England fr 3.
4 per Cent. 831 84 I.ottery Tickets E 24 C 3. the benefit of the air, and recovery of their health
tween 4.00 and 500. The post from Estremadura per Cent. Navy 9911 Consuls for ace. 701-f
ii to Madrid does not go the direct road, but makes a sLng Ann. 18 5-16thst Next week the Inverness and Ross-shire regiments
circuit upon the right bank of the Tagus as far as of Highland Militia, will be reviewed at Portsmouth
Toledo. by General WIIETIIAM, the Lieutenant-Governor.
I APRIL 13.—The war seems to be at an end in Es.
tremadura. Ballasteros having left sufficient garri-
sons in the Sierra, is falling back upon Zalamea, for
the purpose of more securely watching the motions of
Regnier. The latter, however, did not dare to ha-
zard an action with O'Donnel. His retreat to Calseza
del Boey indicates, that he has finally quitted Estre-
maduta, and is directing his march to Cordova, or
perhaps to the foot of the Sierras contiguous to La
Mancha.
All the letters received here state, that the enemy
' are committing the most horrid atrocities in their re-
treat. But let us tern away our eyes from those scenes
of horror, to fix then; upon the brilliant perspective
which Spain now exhibit, compared with her situa-
tion at the end of January. It seems as if a protecting
Genius had decreed that Spanish freedom should be
established on the ruins of Freech tyrenny.
In the Asturias, Gallicia, Estrernadura, Andalusia,
Valencia, Catalonia, every where, within the last two
months, have her indefatigable and vigilant Generals
I routed the enemy. Her regular troops, at this mo-
-1 ment, exceed 120,000 effective men ; and her light
1 parties in the invaded provinces are so rapidly increas-
ing in numbers, and particularly in confidence, that
the whole of Spain appears like a vast sepulchre, in
e hich the proud French ere paying with their lives
the forfeit cs their crimes.
Alan le 16.—The ex:.reme secrecy with which all the
operations of Lord Wellington's Army are conducted,
and the silence that be invariably preserves as to his
future intentions, prevents us from giving you any
news but what relates almost immediately to our-
selves. The inhabitants of this city are as comfort-
able as possible. They have neither wants nor fears;
to-morrow they may have both. While the clanger
is out of sight, they fancy it noes not exist. For my-
self, I do not feel so secure ; because it would be vain
to imagine that Lord Wellington and his army could
resist all the power the French could bring against
him, did they think it worth while ; but they have at
present more important objects to engage them ; and
while the British Army continues inecive in Portu-
gal, confining itself to that country, until the enemy
have settled matters a little permanently in Spain, it
would be very unwise in them to attempt any thing
against Portugal. We do not hear that Lord Wel.
lington intends to move.

THE ARMY.

POI:fUGL ESE PAPERS.

The dispatches received yesterday from Lord WEL-
LINGTON, were dated the 13th instant. The enemy,
as we have more than once stated, have retired from
their fbrmer position into the interior of Spain, and
in their retreat are said to have suffered greatly from
the inhabitants of the villages. The Frenck are also
described as being much in want of provisions, and
in a very sickly state. No fears were entertained for
the safety of Portugal, and affairs, on the whole,
wore a very promising aspect.—The }lead•quarters
of the British still continued at Viseu.

Thursday his MAJESTY rode on horseback in Wind.
sor Park, accompanied by the Dukes of YORE) CUM-
BE tLAND ; Princesses AUGUSTA and SOPHIA ; attended
by Lords ST. HELEN'S, ARDEN ; Generals DE BODE,
GWYNKEI FITZROY ; Colonel TAYLOR) and Lady C.
COLLIER.
The Duke of CLARENCE left Windsor on Wednes.
day evening, for Bushy.
The Dukes of CUMBERLAND and SUSSEX left Wind-
sor on Thursday afternoon.
ROYAL ACADEMY.—Yesterday the Nobility, Ama-
teurs, and Artists, were admitted to a private view of
the Exhibition of the Royal Academy. Among the
company were, the Bishops of SALISBURY, BRISTOL;
and CLOYNE ; Lord MULGRAVE, Lord and Lady
BRUCE, General PHIPPS; and the Hon. AuGusrus
Phttrvs ; Lord Mulgrave's Brother, Sir GEORGE and
Lady BEAUMONT, his Excellency the Persian Ambz-
, sador, and many othcr persons of distinction.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East-India House, when Captain JAMES TIM MEL&
was sworn into the command of the ship EXETER,
and took leave of the Court, previous to departing Ix
Bombay direct. The Court adjourned at six o'cla:
till Wednesday next.
It has been erroneously stated, that Messrs.
ZIE and DICKENSON had proceeded from Morlaix to
Paris. These Gentlemen remained at Morlaix when
o'2 laA letters from thence came away, and it was not
within the scope of their mission to advance further
into the country. It is hoped, that the whole business
with regard to the exchange of prisoners is adjusted,
and that a French Agent will soon arrive in England,
provided with sufficient authority to carry it into exe-
cution.

The accounts from the Peninsula have certainly
assumed a more interesting character of late than for
many months before. In spite of all the disasters
that have befallen the inhabitants ; in defiance of the
seemingly unresisted advances of the enemy—the
treachery of Spanish Generals and Spanish Juntas,
the native starnin.► of the lnwer nrrirrs seem to have
remained undestroyed, and all hope is not yet extinct
that they may yet maintain their independence. The
ground of hope is, we confess, but small ; the issue
would not be doubtful, if the French were to have
their principal weapon turned against themselves
Wherever they have gained a footing they have abo-
lished numerous abuses, by which the people were
kept in a state of wretchedness and poverty. Let those
who direct the operations against the French adopt
the same system—Let them hold out to the people
substantial benefits worth contending for, and they
will yet be victorious. But if they expect the hearty
aid of the people to be exerted in rivetting their own
chains, and perpetuating such abuses as have hitherto
prevailed, they will certainly meet with that diiap-
pointment and defeat which such conduct merits.
In the mean time we have great pleasure in recor-
ding the various instances which have lately occurred
of Spanis:i prowess. To the extracts which we gave
yesterday from the Portuguese papers, we have this
day added some others worthy of a perusal. But we
must again add, that all the late appearances of suc-
cess will prove perfectly illusive, unless such a change
of system as we have hinted at be speedily adopted.

A report has been in circulation, but en insufficient
grounds, that numerous seizures have been made in
the harbours of the United States, under the arrange.
ments enacted by the Non-Intercourse Laws. This
rumour has originated in a transaction, under official
authority, of a very confined nature. Three Ameri-
can ships, called the Stephen, the Packet, and the
Stirling, laden with British manufactures, have not
been allowed to be reported at New York, by the di-
rection of Mr. GALLATIN, who has sent to Washing-
ton for instructions. The ground of this proceeding
is a real or supposed infraction of the Non-Intercourse
Laws.
A letter from Cadiz states, that the French prison.
We have also inserted some farther extracts from ers of Dupotcr's army, on board the prison ships, are
German Papers. The family union of France and dying, daily, in great numbers.
Austria gives a new complexion to the affairs of the Some letters were yesterday received from Holland,
Continent, which infuses into them a greater degree containing an account of the new regulations made
by the Dutch Government respecting the traJe which
of interest than they have possessed for some time. BONAPARTE allows to be carried on. The following
In the STAR of the 23J ult. we mentioned the arrival are the articles permitted to be exported :
of a Gentleman from Paris, who stated a report cur- No. 1. Butter, cheese, wine, brandy, gin, corn, olive seed, fruit,
rent in that city, that NAPOLEON intended to cause the pepper, linen, dry skins.
judgment passed against the late King and Queen of No. 2. Vinegar, oil of all kinib, honey, liquorice stick and
. Spanish liquorice, turpentine, plain or in spirit, pi ch, rosin, cork/
w France to be rescinded ; and that it as intended to
in sheets and cut
palm-woo I, juniper and I, feel berries, lamb
raise an obelisk to their memory. An Article, dated
' and goat skins prepared in different manners, chamber furniture,
Banks of the Elbe, April 6. appears in one of the , linen and woollen stuffs, silk, woollen, and cotton fashionable
German papers, stating the same report, in almost ] goods, silk wares in general, embroidered stuffs, tapes, laces, Per'
the same words, with this addition :—That the stir- fumery, pottery, porcelain, calico, Spanish green, buckets, mire
• • blue, tiles yarn, CI ix wooden works, white lead, madder, pi"',,
viving Members of the French National Convention, . trees fur gardens and pleasure grounds, pipes,
who voted for the death of either, will be banished, or ground bark.
imprisoned for life in some state prison. in N•
sugar of lead, and
i One half of the cargo must consist of articles
Another matrimonial alliance between the two 2; the other half is to be made up of articles 17
Empires is also talked of—namely, the Archduke No. 1. According to the Decree which has bi e
issued on this occasion, no ship entering the p ores
JOHN of Austria with Mademoiselle BONA? ARTS, the Holland, - e Holland, is permitted to introduce any colonial plo'
beautiful daughter of the Senator LUcIvN. • fl.
' duce or rnerchandize proceeding from the mann a
Among our articles of Foreign Intelligence are tures or soil of England ; nor are goods from elf!
d except the
some extracts from Dutch Papers to the date of other country permitted to be importe ,
Wednesday. I fillowity, articles :
Ship timber,h hemp, Northern iron, drugs and medicines, O
Letters ft om Rotterdam, of the 25th, mention, roes, Russian tallow, wax,train oil, binglass, pitch, tar, sulphur
in sticks and in powder, tash soda, shutuac
that considerable alarm had been excited in that city,
po,
• h
by the arrival of a numerous French force, which ivy, deals, wainscoting, Russian mats and sail cloth, Spakaaisir,
was to be followed by a strong corps of Custom-house piastres, red lead, lead, tin, gokilitkarge, arsenic, skins in the
OffiCeTs. I salt, copper, and all kinds of specie.
'

I3ADAJOZ, APRIL 6.
The brave inhabitants of the valley of Aran sup-
port the contest in the most heroic style. The French
have not gained an inch of ground upon them, and
their efforts are daily attended with considerable loss.
They lately summoned the inhabitants to submit; but
the latter replied, that they preferred death to French
slavery.
The enemy, irritated by this answer, made a furious
attack upon them, but were shamefully repulsed with
considerable loss.
Aram 7.—The division of Regnier occupies at
present the towns of Medellin, Villa Nueva de Li Se-
rena, and D. Benito, in which last are his head-quar-
ters. His rear-guard left D. Alvara and Valverde,
on the sth, and marched for Guarena, whete it re-

ilallasteros is retiring by Zalamea la Real, in the
county of Nuebla, leaving some troops under the
command of Brigadier Contreras, in Ronquillo, and
• different posts in the Sierra.
O'Donnel's advance entered Merida, the .sth in-
stant, and about a league and a half from that city,
he took 1.500 rations, which were to have been for-
. warded to the enemy at Medellin.
APRIL 9.—An English Expedition which was des-
tined for Catalonia, is said to have arrived in that
principality.
On the Gth, Regnier's division evacuated Guarena,
- Villa Gonzalo, and Medellin, and marched for Cam-
pagnario and Cabeza de Bocy. O'Donnel's advanced
parties are in pnrsuit of the enemy. A serjeant of Hus-
sars, belonging to the Crusaders of Albuquerque,
killed a French Lieutenant of Dragoons, on the bridge
of Medellin.

ALMEIDA, APRIL. I.
The French troops in the environs of Salamanca
arc daily diminishing by casualties; the greater part
of them being mere striplings, numbers of them are
daily falling sickt

been
terra
her (
s•Az:r,,
ate.
rtnqA)
of the
AR.
Dr,t-
ay tor
their
IVA "5
Ports.
;sist;ng
:o Can.
illnntly
