used ; according to their views, they might reform the British 1
Parliament, by giving it the form of the French Chamber of
Deputies ; so they might re-edify St. Paul's, by giving it the
form of St. Bride's.

A third class of modern politicians attach to the word
reform, the meaning of to correct, or rectify an ex-
isting form, and this interpretation of the word, w•e con-
fess to be that which includes what we mean, when we say
we are advocates for a reform in the British Parlia-
ment. The use of the word reform in this sense,
certainly is not so accurate, as to the original etymo-
logy of the word, as the use which we first illus-
trated ; but this use of it is not confined to politics. It is
for instance usual to speak of reforming manners—meaning
by the phrase, the correction or improvement of manners.
It is in fact another current interpretation of the word reform ;
and as all such words when used, involve ambiguity, we
would propose to use the word rectify in its place,
and shall do so, when in .:future discussing this sub-
ject. A reform of the British Parliament, according to this
souse, is a rectification of the existing British Parliumeut—
that is, in other words, putting right that which has be-
come wrong, in that representative assembly, the specific
essence of which is peculiar to the British nation.
We have been longer than we expected in these prelimi-
naries, but we intend to continue the subject, and wish to
bo, if possible, clearly understood.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE-EXCLUSI YE.

PARIS, Dim. lb.

Stn,—Among the different revolutions, which are at this
moment in progress, there is one so silently advancing, and
so devoid of the volcanic explosions of other countries, that
it is scarcely noticed ; and yet but a few leagues from the
frontiers of France, and in the very heart of civilized Europe,
a change following the march of the times is operating,
which if not so splendid in its energies, so overwhelming in
its effects, will have the tendency of consolidating the nations
into one family, governed by laws, modified indeed by pe-
culiar circumstances, but all having for their basis represen-
tative freedom. I allude to the political revulsion, which
is daily changing the constitutions of tbo Cantons of Switzer-
land. Many of your Readers will probably say, what, can
the Swiss Federation went a change Helvetia ? the eldest-
born of liberty, has always enjoyed that blessing, while other
nations were groaning in servitude, and vassalage. It is
here, that comparatively speaking, the hardy Swiss, se-
cured by the sterility of hi climate, and the simplicity of
ancient manners, has not sunk into that state of meutal
slavery, which fettered the surrounding nations, but in
many of the Cantons, this boasted freedom, is but a shade,
celebrated by poets, and novelists, but shrinking into insig-
nificance before the torch of history, which like Ithuriel's
spear, has the power of detecting the disguises of falsehood.
Switzerland at this moment, not only possesses fewer consti-
tutional privileges, than either England, France, or Belgium,
but also less of electoral liberty, than some of the German
powers.
The Patrician privileges, form the basis or the constitution
of most of its provinces; but four cantons have preserved
the ancient forms of their early and hardly acquired liberty.
A political regeneration has for a long time past, not only
been necessary to place this interesting country in unison
with its vaunted freedom, but also to keep pace with the
liberal institutions of its neigbboers. The differences of
religion, have served to ratify this order of things, and in
many of the Catholic cantons, not a Protestant is allowed to
reside. The united observations of travellers, have estab-
lished the fact, that those districts, where the reformed reli-
gion prevails, are eminently distinguished from their neigh-
bours, by the superior intelligence and industry of the
inhabitants ; and it is remarkable, that in Hese di sacratoires,
the representation is not confined to the Patrician body.
Many partial meetings have taken place in the different
cantons, and hitherto the popular voice has been successful,
as at Friedbourg, where providentially blood was not shed,
for had that effusion occurred, it would have been the signal
for a civil war, and history records bow the Mountaineer
fights for his liberties, and home. It is a very mistaken
notion, that Switzerland is compelled from her poverty to hire
her sons to foreign powers, to be the ready agents of despo-
tism. She possesses abundance of land, and many mann-
, factures, whereby to feed her scanty population, but the
capitulations, as they are termed, by which she binds herself
to sell her people to the best bidder, are a source of power and
emolument to the aristocratic party, who contrive to guide
the helm. The reflecting part of the population,
feel themselves disgraced, by her freeborn sons beco-
ming the tools—the executioners of the sanguinary
will of a despot, and consider it derogatory to the
descendants of Tell, that they should be employed
to rivet the chains upon any people, whose own
military power refuses the odious task. After the return of
the remnants of the Swiss regiments from Paris, to their
native hearths, the wisest statesmen endeavoured to prevent
a recurrence of this disgraceful traffic—this European slave
trade ; but they were overruled, and the King of Holland has
now some regiments of these mercenaries in his employ. The
Press is exposed to *censorship in someof the cantons,and this
disgusting drawback upon the rights of a nation calling them-
selves republic, is another most fertile source of discontent.
From what I have stated, you will perceive that the sons of
Helvetia have much to complain of, and, by a vigorous and
manly stand at the present advantageous moment, I have
no doubt but they will renovate their early consti-
tution. Theirs will be less a revolution than a reform,
and having preceded the rest of the Continent in the
acquirements of their political emancipation, they will not
remain stationary while their neighbours are making such
rapid strides, in attaining those rights, )•y which the human
race was invested by its Creator, but which they have
suffered to lapse, from the united influence of sloth, luxury,
and superstition. Dresden has been the scene of some dis-
turbances, and Saxony seems ripe for revolt. The
National Guard of that city, were to have been disbanded,
but they refused to surrender their arms, and paraded the
streets in full force, their band playing the hymn of
the Marsellois. It is currently reported that the Russian go-
vernment has issued orders to disarm the Landwehr, which is
that formidable body of militia, from which the contingent of
the regular army is supplied. The continental monarchs, with
the exception of France, do not dare to arm their subjects.
Never was the employment of couriers more extensive.
They are passing and repulsing in all parts of Europe,
with the greatest rapidity. The ministerial trials com-
menced this morning, and Paris is perfectly tranquil.
I am, Sir, &c. J. H.

CITY, ONE O'CLOCK.
The funds have become very heavy since the early part of
the morning, when Consols were 82$ for the Account ;
since which they have receded to 82. At present they
are 82i.
CITY, TWO O'CLOCL
To the present hour, there Is not a feature in the funds
worth observation. Consols, which left off yesterday at
,8211 for the Account, opened at 8211.
