SCOTTISH HOSPITAL.

The annual Spring Festival of this Corporation
celebrated on Saturday, at the Free Masons'
-I.,;vern. Of all the benevolent Institutions with
wilich this country abounds, there is not one more
important, or more entitled to public support than
tat of the Scottish Hospital. Its funds are em-
pieyed exclusively in aid of the virtuous and' de-
serving Scottish poor ; of those who, from age or
ii.firnuty, are unable to work, and from early educa-
tian and independent feelings, "to beg are ashamed."
In conveying to Scotland those whose hearts fond),
turn, in their old age, towards their native land, and
such as, destitute of friends here, or who from dis-
appointment in their pursuits, would otherwise be
exposed to a state of abject poverty and wretched-
ness, this Institution is the means of preventing many
from becoming a prey to vice and temptation.-H
Thus it confers a benefit, not only on the indivi-
duals, but on the community at large. By this In-
stitution, the industrious are encouraged, the unfor-
tunate relieved, and the virtuous sick and aged con-
teled and provided for in the days of their distress.
A Society founded for such objects—objects from
which its funds have never been diverted, merits the
sauort wt only of every son of Caledonia, but of
B: itain ; and it was with peculiar pleasure
that we observed the Spring Festival this year so
:-.umerously and respectably attended. The corn-
-aav, which exceeded three hundred, sat down to
an excellent dinner at seven o'clock, which was
served up with that liberality which always dis-
-.inguishes the Proprietors of this Tavern.
His Royal Highness the Duke of CLARENCE and
Sr. ANDREWS, the President of the Society, was in
:he Chair. He was supported on his right hand by •
Inis Royal Highness Prince LEOPOLD of SAXE CO-
.BoutiG, and the Earl of BREADALBANE; and on his
:eft by the Duke of Amor. and Lord SALTOUN.
There were also present—Baron HARDI;NBERG,
Sir PULTENEY MALCOLM, Admiral DOUGLAS, Rear-
Admiral lIACKET, Sir DAVID MILNE, Sir WILLIAM
CR ANT (late Master of the Rolls), Sir THOMAS BELL,
SMITH, Esq. M. P. GEORGE WATSON TAY-
-3.0K, Esq. NI.P. JOSEPH HUME, Esq. M.P. JOHN
LIDDELL, Esq. and several other Gentlemen of
rank and consequence connected with Scotland.—
::•:ot the least distinguished part of the company
were two Mahometans from Hindostan (Grroor.a at
lioonueyoon DEEP and FUEYAZ ULEE KHAN),
descendants, we are told, of HYDER ALI, richly
Labited in their native costume, who are here on
a mission to the East-India Direction, and who
accompanied Mr. HUME to the dinner, to wit-
:less what they would not perhaps see in any other
pat t of the world—the Princes of a great Empire
presiding at a Charitable Meeting, and pleading,
amid the festivities of wealth and luxury, the cause
el the poor and destitute. They seemed to be very
attentive to the proceediags of the evening, applauded
tine toasts, and enjoyed the dinner.
The ROYAL. PRESIDENT, on entering the room,
preceded by NIACGREGOR, Arying a lovely Scottish
air on the Union pipes, was loudly cheered.
When the cloth was removed, "Non ?fats Domine,"
was sung by Messrs. PYRE, BROADHURST, TAYLOR,
COLLYEIt, and TINNEY.

The following toasts wocp then drank. They were
all, according to the directions of the Toastmaster,
bumpe;•s, aril drank standing, with three times three:
" The King,"—three times three.—Sung—" Cos save the
King."
" The Royal Family."—Tune—A Grand March.—Song-
-44 Flail Star of Brunswick."

The CHAIRMAN apologized for the absence of his
lloyal brother, the Duke of YORK, 'who had re-
quested him to assure the Society, that nothing but
the serious indisposition of his illustrious consort
9hould have prevented his attendance. He proposed
" The Duke of Yirk and the Army."—Tune—Dukt of York's
Tilarch.—Song—" How merrily we live that soldiers be."
The CHAIRMAN said, he should make no apology
for the next toast. It was to the health of an indi-
vidual who had honoured the Meeting with his pre-
sence, and who, during a residence of no very long
period, had endeared himself to every person in this
conr.try. He proposed the health of
l'rince Leopold.' --Tune—Cubourg March.—Song—
" Merlons Apollo." . . .

Prince LEOPOLD returned thanks nearly in the fol-
lowing words, which, he uttered with great distinct-
Less e'f enunciation, with perfect correcmess of em-
phasis, ai-,d with a manner and accent entirely Eng-
lish :--,‘ Gentlemen, I return you my cordial thanks
fir the honour you have done me in drinking my
}width, and I have only to say, that I shall always
be proud to support this excellent Institution, con-
nected as it is with a country where I last year re-
ctived so many marks of kindness."

The Duke Of Arum. said, he felt assured that no
tneracr of the Scottish Hospital, nor any of the
numerous Gentlemen lie saw around him, would let
one hair's breadth of light be seen in his at the
toast he should propose. Never, since he had become
acquainted with the Institution they- were met to
celebrate, had he seen an assembly so numerous as
the present. This was owing to the exertions of the
Illustrious President for the benefit of their Society,
and in some degree to the presence of another Illui-
tiious individual, whose health had just been :::rank
mid, that enthusiasm which his amiable qualities so
justly insUred. The Noble Duke enumerated the
objects the Society, and the great services ren-
dered to it by the Illustrious President, to whom he
,vished a long life, confident that the longer he lived
'the better it would befor the Scottish Hospital. He
cnncluJed by drinking the health of their President—
" The Duke of Clarence."--Song —" I.tals -Britannia."

The CHAI t 1A N , in returning thanks, he
4..1t peculiar happipess in being the President of so
I.siicellent and valuable an Institution. He not oply
'cturned thanks to the company for the honour they
had now done hint, but to every Member of the
Society, for their aid in assisting him to promote its
heft interests. He did not merit the ugh
.miums of the !Coble Duke who bad last addressed
them, but this he would say, that he entered into
the soperintendance of this Charity with heart and
tool. He had never, at a Spring Meeting, seen so
numerous or so respectable an assembly as the pre-
sent; but the Scottish Nobility and Gentry were
never wanting in hospitality to their poor countr) -
men, in every part of the world. The more the
Scottish Corporation \vas known) the more it would
be estimated; but he was sorry to say, that the pe-
cullar objects of the Society were not so tad tutu-

tinned it, he always found persons ready to join it
and he hoped every one present would individually
endeavour to promote its interests. No Society, be
rejoiced to. say, flourishes more- prosperously, gild.
none so peculiarly required the attention and assist-
ance of the rich, as the objects it was instituted
to relieve.
Prince LEOPCOLD rose to propose the health of an
Illustrious individual, to whom a vote of thanks.
from the Scottish Corporatioh had been passed, fOr
the honour she had done it in becoining-a Patroness,
and particularly for countenancing by her presence
the Sermon preached for the benefit of the Charity.
He proposed the health of
• " Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Clarence."—Song by
Mr. Pyre—" My -love is like the red red rose."
" The Ladies. —Song—" lere's a health to all good lasses."
This toast was not less agreeable to the company,
than it appeared flattering to the tine assemblage of
beauty and fashion in the gallery.
The CHAIRMAN prefaced the next toast by some
remarks on the nature and objects of the Charity.
He said, in this world there is comfort and pleasure,
and, unfortunately, misery. The want of that pa-
rochial system in Scotland which existed in Eng-
land, caused the institution of this Society. Where-
ever he had seen the Scotch, he had • found them
anxious to assist those who needed it. The poor
were only less fortunate, not less deserving, than the
rich, and formed an equally important link in so-
ciety. Of all benevolent Institutions, this stood pre-
eminent. He therefore drank—
" Success to the Scottish Corporation."
This toast, which was drank.aritl peculiar enthu-
siasm, was followed by an appropriate song,by Mr.
'rayLott, to the tune of " ihnnybrook Fair.
" The Duke of Montrose," who had been twenty-eight years
Presidfut of the Society.—Tune " !toy's wife."—Song " Auld
lung syne:"

Air. Ayr" the Secretary, read a very interesting
Report of the state of the Society. • It appears that
the donations for the last year, ISI9, were £!25 16s.
less than those of the preceding year, and the annual
subscriptions £lll 15s. less, making altogether a
deficit of £337 lls.—while the number of persons
relieved was upwards of two hundred more than in
the year 1818. The total number of cases of poor
persons considered and relieved by this Charity, in..
eluding. permanent pensioners, from the 30th of,
April, 1819, to the 30th of April, 1820, was 3693.
Of this number, 840 persons, including their fami-
lies, have in this period been sent, free of expense,
to their native country. The Secretary concluded
by rea.ling a list of donations.

" The 13i!fish Fair."—Song, " Is there a heart that never
lov'cl ?"

" The Vice-Presidents."—Song, " The flowers of Edin-
burgh." • • _ _ _

Lord SALTOUN returned thanks, and said, that al-
though he was a young Member of the Society, he
trusted he should not be found wanting in exertions
for its success.

The CHAIRMAN again rose, and said, that there
were some toasts which always came closer to our
feelings than others. The one he should now, pro-
pose was one in which every heart would join ; it
was to the land which had given most of the com-
pany birth, the land in which many of them lived,
and the land which, he was confident, they would
all gladly revisit. He would drink—
" Prosperity to the Land of Cakes."—Song, " Willie brevet'
a peck o' maut;' by Mr. Taylor.
" The Right Honourable Mir William Grant"—who shortly
returned thanks for the unexpected honour dOne him.
Sung, at the request of tie Chairman, " Ye backs and braes
o' bonny Doun."
" The Duke of Athol," who returned thanks.—Song, " Green
grow the rushes 0."

" Earl of lireadA'.b.lne," who, in returning thanks,
said, he would always feel proud in promoting the
interests of this excellent Institution.

The CHAIRNIAN now called for the pipes, when
John Macgregor played some favourite Scotch airs
in his best manner.
“ The Treasurer and standing Committee of the Relief
Society."—Sung, '6 When I ha'e a saxpence under my thumb."
Sir Ttiomiss BELL returned thanks. He said, that
although, owing to the number of applicants, the
relief of the Society to each was necessarily small,
that relief, small as it was, had often been so.
seasonably applied as to save whole families from
starving. In some cases a few shillings had enabled
an honest industrious person to buy a few articles,
by the sale of which, daily, they supported their
families; and they came back to the Committee, not
for more relief, but to express their gratitude, and to
shew the good use they bad made of the trifle that
had been bestowed on them.

The Secretary read a list cf the subscriptions of
the evening, which amounted to £874 11s. This
was the largest sum ever raised at any of the Society's
Anniversaries.

Success to the Trade and Commerce of London, and pros-
perity to this great Metropolis."
Alderman ATKINS returned thanks. He said be
considered the Corporation of the City of London
as a Member of the Scottish Hospital, and he trusted
it would always continue its support to such bene-
' volent and praisewotthy Institutions.
Sung—" 0 Nanny wilt thou gang Wl' me."
" The Thistle, the Itose, and the Shamrock."—Tune—" St.
Patrick's day in the morning."—Song—" The Three Saints, or
King Arthur."
" The Stewards of the day, and thanks for their services."
The Duke of ATIIOL, as ono of the Stewards, re-
turned thanks.

Lord SALTOU proposed the health of the Duke
of Clarence, alua thanks to him as Chairman.

The CLIAIRMAN returned thanks. He said he
rejoiced to see so tnany Scot-amen, belonging to the
Army ah.; Navy, near him, some of whom were de-
corated with Order of the Bath.
The Officers of the Army and Navy, and of the East India
'Company, who had honoured the Society with their presence
this day.
Admiral DOUGLAS returned thanks:
" The sttwartis elect." •

- . After this toast had been drank, the Chairman
took leave of the company, the greatest part of which
immediately left the room.
It was now half-past eleven o'clock, and on a
Saturday night. Half an hour, however, .still re-
mained in which the " flow of soul" might be in-
dulged, without trespassing on a day set apart for
the purposes of devotion. About five and twenty,
who were determined %to draw their term of free-
Lion) out to its due length," immediately formed
round the table just quitted by the Royal visitors.—
The glass was briskly circulated, Matttegor's pipes
put in motion, and every ow seemed anxious to
make the most of the fleeting moments, and to quit
with regret i place where, for - the, last five hours,

I they had been so highly gratified: Captain Mortara
Su" " Maggy Lauder," and " Bruce's Address to Iris
Anny,"b ina manner which made the company re-
gret that his vocal talents had not Leen called into
exertion earlier in the evening. The "stirrup cup"
was drank, and .at twelve o'clock the little party
were obliged to separate ; not, however, without the
hope ro meet then on similar occasions.
The admirable arrangements made by the Stew-
ards, and their attentions to the company during the
hole of the evening, contributed much towards
that harmony and good humour which was every-
where observed in this corn memoration of the Spring
Festival of an Institution which does honour to
Caledonia.

ST. PATRICK'S CHARITY.

In consequence of the death of his IateMAJEsTY,
and the dissoluticfn of Parliament, which took place
immediately afterwards, the Anniversary Dinner of
this excellent Institution, which was usually given on
the 17th of March, the day appropriated to the tute-•
lar Saint of Ireland, was postponed unal Saturday
last, when many of the supporters of the Charity met
at the City of London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street.—
The Right Hon. GEORGE CANNING in the Chair.

Amongst the company were observed—
The Duke of Wellingpn, the Earl of Darnley, the Earl of
Blessington, Lord Viscount Clonbrook, the Marquii of Down-
shire, Sir Edmund Nagle, Sir John Doyle, Illagsey Daw.un,
a•-sq. and several other individuals of high rank and character.

The CH AIRMAN first proposed, with three times
three, " The health of the ea! ly, most constant, and
most bountiful Benefactor of this Institution, the
King," which was received with great applause.—
Song and chorus—GoD save the King.
" The Royal Family," " The Duke of York and the
Army," anti " The Duke of Clarence and the Navy,"
were toasted with three times three in succession,
each toast being followed by an appropriate air.
The CHAIRMAN nett proposed, " Success to the
benevolent Society of St. Patrick." The toast was
drank with three times three, and loud acclamations.

The children were immediately afterwards paraded
through the room. Their appearance was exceedingly
_interesting ; they were all clean, healthy, and robust
,—many of them very handsome. Several fine young
women, who were educated by the Society, and who
are. now earning a comfortable and reputable liveli-
hood, closed the procession. The unaffected modesty
of their demeanour, their personal charms, and the
neatness of their attire, made a most favourable im-
pression on the minds of those who saw them.
Song—" Paddy Carey," humorously given by
Mr. WEBB.

The CH A irtmair said, according to the order of the
toasts which had been placed in his hands, it Lest
became his duty to propose " The mother of St. Pa-
trick !" He was aware that toast did nut require, on
his part, any recommendation. Ile would, however,
take the liberty of recommending to the protection
of the assembly, the children and great grand-chil-
dren of that venerable parent, who had been intro-
duced to them in procession, and who had pleasingly
exemplified the purposes to which their bounty was,
applied—(Applause). They had been rescued by
this Institution from different degrees of actual
wretchedness, and probably of vice, to lead a life of
industry, honesty, and virtue !—( Applause). He
implored them to continue, by their contributions on
this day, to assist in the completion of the good work
that had been so well begun ; and he called on the;
company to let this toast, given in mirth and received
in harmony, be hallowed by that bounty, which,
even in their latest hour, would cheer and bless
them—( Applause).
The toast was drank with three times three.

The CHAIRMAN next rose to propose a toast, which
he felt required no recommendation, be meant the
interesting objects of this Charity, who had just
proceeded through the room ; and with what satis-
faction must every one whom he had the honour to
address contemplate those living images of his bene-
ficence, especially reflecting upon the fate that might
have awaited them had not his generosity contributed
to educate the poor children in moral principles and
industrious habits. In testifying their respect and
gratitude for the present advocates of this Charity,
the Chairman observed, that it would ill become the
company, assembled as it was at a new era, to forget
its former benefactor—he alluded to that illustrious
personage the Duke of Kent, who at an early period
of this Institution was nominated its Patron by our
late venerable Sovereign. In what manner his Royal
Highness discharged the duties of that station,' and
to what extent his exertions had conduced to serve
the interests of this Establishment, there were many
persons present who could, he believed, bear the
most gratifying testimony. But thit generous Prince,
while peculiarly attentive to that Society, was ever
actively forward where any good was to be dPne,
where any want was to he relieved. Every Charitable
Establishment in this Metropolis was benefited by
his Royal Highness's assistance and bounty, while
his impressive example had universal influence
throughout the country in favour of the cause of
public charity. To the memory, then, of this very
laudably distinguished individual he had no doubt
that that Meeting would unanimously testify its re-
spect by a libation to it in solemn silence.—The pro-
position was instantly acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN said; that as the lamented death
of the Duke of Kent had created a vacancy which
it became necessary to supply, he, in consequence of
the station to which he had the honour of being ap-
pointed at the last Meeting, and in consequence of
another situation which he happened to fill, was
called upon to request the King would be so good
as to name the Patron of that Society, as his vene-
rable father had before done. To the King, there.
fore, he took the liberty of making an application
upon the subject, and he could readily anticipate the
peculiar satisfaction with which that Meeting would
hear that his Majesty was graciously• pleased to
name himself—(This announcement was received with
loud and universal plaudits, which continued for some
time).—On the termination of the applause, Mr.
Canning resumed.' In consequer.ce of the King's
other and important engagements, that Society could
not, Mr. Canning observed, obtain from his Majesty
the same active superintendence or personal atten-
tion which it had the good fortune to experience
from the Duke of Kent; but he had no doubt what-
ever, that in him Atho was the father of all his peop:e,
that Society would find the father softened into the

friend—(Applause). his Majesty had alrcadt given
the most touclusive evidence of his solicitude for the
interest of that Institution, having actually subscribed
as much for its support as would serve to lay the
foundation of a new Charity—(Applause). But, in
addttion to this subscription, he was charged by his
Majesty, on this occasion, to pay one hundred gui-
neas into the hands of the Treasurer, together with
his usual annual contribution—(Applause). He was
happy in being the bearer of a message of this na-
ture, which' served to bring the King home to the
feelings of his people—(Applause).
• Earl DARNLEY congratulated the Society open
the communication which they had just heard. As
an old friend to this Charity, to which, th:ough evil
and good, he had rendered all the attention in
pon-k—as air Irishman, he felt pet-Atha:ly proud of
the patronage with which his Majesty had been gra-
ciously pleased to honour it. He propo•ied that t::e
Society should, on this occasion, chink-his Majes.:y's
health, not as their King, but as their P.r.ron—(kr-
pleases). His Majesty had, however, uniformly heca
the benefactor of this Institution ; but now he proved
himself so in the most signal manner, in adopting its
interest as his own. The Noble Lord also proposed,
that the Chairman, ai:d his colleague, the gallant
Duke of Wellington, should be requeqed to com-
municate to the King the warmest expression of the
thanks of that Society for the honour which his Ma-
jesty had been graciously pleased to conkr upon it.
These propositions were agreed to with acclamations .
of applause.
The CHAITIMA, after expressing his readiness to
comply with the desire of the Meeting, by commu-
nicating its thanks to his Majesty, stated, that there
were two distinguished individuals whom that So-
ciety had long been in the habit of toasting in their
absence. One of those distinguished individuals was
then in the room: were he absent, he (Mr. Canning)
would have spoken of him most fully as he felt; but
even in his presence, he could not forbear front of-
fering to this very metitotious individual the humble
tribute of his warm Approbation ; not because he felt
that distinguished maul had mainly contributed to.
exalt the military fame of his country, and to re-
establish the liberties of Europe, but because he
could never cease to remember that the gallant war-
rior formed a British army, cooped up in a remote
quarter of Europe, which he contrived not merely to
rescue from its confinement, but, by his admirable
skill and valour, to lead through a succession ofbril-
haat victories, until he finally triumphed in planting
the standard of England upon the walls of Paris!L—
(Loud applause). In any assejnbly of civilized Eu-
rope, the toast which he was about to propose would,.
he was persuaded, be received with the satisfaction
which he anticipated from that Society; for he was
about to name- him by whom Europe had been roe-
cued from slavery—by whom England had been
saved from ruin; but as to Ireland, he would say,
" :.rite thy loud harp, green Isle,
" For the Hero is thiue own !—(Londpfauditsi.
The Right Hononiable Gentleman concluded with
proposing " the health of the Duke of Wellington,"
which lk as drank with univeral and unequivocal tes-
timonies of esteem and admiration.

The Duke of WELLINGTON said, that he had hadt
the satisfaction to learn, that for some years his nape -
had had the honour to be toasted by that Society;
and for such repeated marks of esteem, as well as
for the very battering manner in which his health
had just been drank, he begged, in his own nan.e
and that_of his gallant comrades, to return the most
cordial thanks—(Applause).
In proposing the other distinguished individual,
whom the Society was in the habit of toasting,
namely, the Marquis of,HasrlNGs, the mention of
whom was hailed by the most ardent plaudits, tl,e
CHAIRMAN took occasion to pronounce an eloquent
eulogium upon the character of that universally
popular Nobleman, in the course of which he was
repeatedly interrupted by the applause of the Society.
If ever there were a generous Irishman, Mr. Canning
observed, that Lord Hastings was truly one. Gene-
rous to others, careless of himself—gallant in war,
refined in peace—that Nobleman presented a striking
combination of all the lofty and all the kind qua-
lites that distinguished the Irish character (Applause).
But the high merits of Lord Hastings must be known
to every man who heard him, and especially to the
old friends of that Society, of which he was a sin-
cere, a steady, a strenuous advocate. But it tell
particularly within his (Mr. Canning's) observation,
to appreciate the disposition and talents of Lord
Hastings, from his conduct in that station 'where he
reluctantly engaged in war, and extended the domi-
nion of his country only to secure the blessings of
peace, and to extend the advantages of civilization.
The country must also be gratified to learn, that
even at the distance of India—that even amidst the
various engagements which required his attention,
Lord Hastings was not unmindful of the interests of
the excellent lastitutioa which they were assembled
to celebrate—(Applause).
" The health of Lord Hastings," was drank w ith
three times three, atid great applause.
" The health of the Marchionesses of Hastings and
Downshire, and the other Female Friends of the So-
ciety," having been drank,
Lord DOWNSHIRE returned thanks in anent speech.
The CHAIRMAN proposed, that the Duke a Wel-
lington should become 'Chairman for the next Meet-
ing, and this proposition, to which the Duke promptly
acceded, was hailed by the plaudits of the Meeting.
The Subscriptions were announced to amount to
£l3BO, which is the largest collection remembered to
have taken place at this or any other Charitable In-
stitution.

Coax Excitaxax, I/laza-Laws, Mar B.—The supply cf Whet t
and Flour last week being very large, and great part of wkian
remaining over for this day's market, and having a considerable
quantity fresh in this morning from Essex, Kent, and Suffolk,
produced together a far greater supply than there was a ee-
mand for; in conserence of which the • sites were exceeding! y
heavy, and although a few prime runs of white Wheat front
the former County were taken off .early in the morr.i-F,
on full as good terms as this day week, yet all other de-
scriptions were tendered from Is. to-2s. p,:r quarter lower,
without being able to effect sales at that abatement. Bar-
ley, from its scarcity, is 21. per quarter dearer; and Beans are
full 2s. per quarter higher. Grey Peas, being in short cipply,
are full 2s. per quarter dearer. Oats arc from Is. to 2s. per
quarter dearer than on this day selmight, but not so brisk as on
Friday, having had a large arrival since that day.
SMITHFIELD MADEZT, MAT 8.--Beef, 4s. 6d. to Ss. 4d. paw
stone of Bibs. ; Mutton, 5s Od. to 6*. 4d. Veal. Ss. Od. to 7s.
Pork Ss 04. to 7s. Od.; Lamb 7s. to its. 01.—Cattle at Martel—.
Beasts 25W ; Calves, ISO; Sheep and Lambs, 14,000 ; Pip, 50:
Hay, 4. 101. to 41. 4s. Clover, 51.105. to el 10s. Straw, IL 81.
, u IL 12s.
