setting their .owri caase.i•fdt emancipation from
slavery is their own cause—may have brought on an
embarrassing crisis to She Allied Soiereigns but if
the spirit that has been manifested at Bourdeaux
should spread withipat rapidity which the cause
seems fitted to inspire, the States of Europe may soon
witness a change, which was more to have been de-
sired than hoped for only a few weeks ago,
We cannot quit the subject without observing that
the occurrences at Bourdeaux should serve as a cau-
tion to Members of Parliament not to be precipitate
in prdposing motions which interfere with the mea-
sures of the Executive Government. How much
might the possible embarrasment of the present mo-
ment have been increased had the motion of Lord Os-
su I.STON been entertained by the Commons on Monday
evenh:g ? We speak now only of the mischiefs which
might result from injudicious anticipation and inter-
' ference, but in another view the motion appears to
have been ill advised.
If we understood his Lordship (for he spoke very
inaudibly) his motion was calculated tq bring into
discussion the Treaty of Amiens—a Treaty con-
cluded under circumstances every way different from
those in which we are now placed—a Treaty which
at the time was considered more as an experiment
than as promising solid peace. The clamour at the
moment was for Peace. The experiment was tried,
and we all know what was the issue.

The Ministers of the time would have been highly
censured had they then persevered in war : and
we add, that but for the opportunity which that
peace gave to BONA PA RTE to exhibit his true character,
his utter contempt of public faith, this country could
never have been brought to submit to the struggle
she has since encountered, nor would Europe have
been enabled to vindicate her own cause, as she has
been enabled to do, by our perseverance—all would
have been buried in an overwhelming flood of rapine
and confusion.

French Papers, of the date of Saturday last, arrived
at a late hour last night. They speak of Chalons-
sur-Marne being re-taken by the French from the
Allies ; and add, that the latter are still held in
check on the Laon road. The Rheims road is de-
scribed:2as free. The fact seems to be, that Rheims
and Soissons are occupied in force by the French
army under BONAPARTE, who may thus think still to
prevent a junction between SCHWARTZENBERG and
BLUCHER. The latter surely is not loitering at Laon;
tor, according to Colonel LowE's last dispatch, he
was acting on the offensive, and again advancing in
the direction of Paris. May he not be between the
Capital and BONAPARTE ? The low state of the
French funds may be occasioned by the alarm ex-
cited by this, among other circumstances. The in-
surrection at Bourdeaux against BONAPARTE'S Go-
vernment, must have been known at Paris by the
15th at the latest ; for it was upon that dAy,that the
French funds felt from 50 to 48, and next day the
King of ROME (mark the attempt to bolster up the
NAPOLEON dynasty !) was exhibited to the gaping
multitude of Paris.—The following are the extracts :
" PARIS, MARCH is.
ed Private letters announce that a corps of French
troops has entered Chalons-sur-Marne, and driven
from it the enemy, from whom it took many pri-

soners."

" CHATEAU THIERRY, MARCH 17.

gi We this instant learn that a corps of the French
army has entered Chalons-sur-Marne after a battle in
which we took a great number of prisoners from the
enemy."

SOISSONS, MARCH 17, IN THE IVENING,

" Nothing new has taken place to.day. The enemy
is still held in check upon the Laon road. That of
Rheims is free."

- .
The Journal de Path, of the 19th, states, that on
the 15th an attack was made on Compeigne, by 300
of the enemy, who were repulsed.
The Journal de 1 'Empire, of the 19th, contains a
Proclamation from Soult to his soldiers, dated head_
quarters, Bth March. In it he makes no mention of
his defeats up to that time ; he accuses Lord Welling_
ton of inciting the population to sedition and revolt ;
calls upon them to Yevenge this insult in blood ; and
tells them that whether the assailants or the assailed,
that till the allied army, formed of so extraordinary
elements, be annihilated, or shall have evacuated the
territory of the „Empire, them can be no repose for
them.—French Funds for March 22, 48 f. 50 c.

A Dutch Mail atrrivcd last night with letters and
papers to the 20th instant.—(For the contents see the
last page.) The Amsterdam Courant announces the
capitulation of Custrin. The garrison are prisoners
of war. Two thousand more of the citizens of Ham.
burgh have been expelled, but we have no account of
the progrcss of the siege. The CROWN PRINCE of
SWEDEN remained at Liege on the 10th instant.

The QUEEN and two of the Princesses are expected
in town this day ; in the evening they will dine with
the PRINCE REGENT.
Ye.,,todAy the Duke of YORK held a levee at his
Office ;n the Horse Guards. Among those on his
Royal Highness's list, who had interviews, were
Lieutenant-General Sir G. Broornhead, Lieutenant-General
Drummond, Lieutenant-General Mnr,hrad, General Norton,
Major-General Disney, Major-General Ariey, lieutenant-Gene-
ral Ferguson, Lord George Beresford, Earl of Aboyne, &c.
Yesterday the Duke'of YORK, Earls BATHURST and
LIVERPOOL, had audiences of the PRINCE RWENT, at

Carlton-House.
The First Number of The ileadeaskal Gazette, a
Newspaper for Schools and Families, to be pub-
lished. Weekly, makes its appearance this afternocu.
