4 ' . frr F
1
• • •
INT Cent
, i ,•,,, s. 8641\
. .
I: :it
~‘ 1: t /‘... "' • 41.1' 4
1 ' b •WI 4166.1e.41. ,
1 . P
. . 1
. . ' :X' 461.. i
..• ~ .4" ..../ •It
411.1,......._ . •
..,1 -Yr ~..• , , , . • .. . : • =, ,- : -
_4r .
AlUdi- - fbi";111;14-0.4i(1
4( S ab
1 r I '','" •
t ch.... A OC•NO tat . _. ~,,,,,,..,
II ;:
t
/ .....„( er.
.. . : . .
- THURSDAY EVENING, JULY 6, 1827. . • - [Pmcz SEVENPENCE. • .
)
4
Ir
, •
! • -.1 1
i„ i' ' i
II i
1
.
•,•
i 11
•,.
t 11
1
. lil
, 1 t
t, . •
•i 1 i
• 1 ,
1
1 1 .
I
1
•• , •
• i
i 1 11,1.,
ii ~
.

strengthened in some small degree to !retiese it, not to
shrink from modestly yet faithfully counselling their
associates in early life, when they may be deviating
from the path of duty. A tender caution may be re-
eeived with peculiar advantage, when those to whom it
is given know that their *counistllora are still alike sub-
jecs to the same temptations toetidch they are exposed;
end when, as may sometimes happen, the relative as
well as the social tie may call W pinejmension of a
band of .belp.•
There Is e.humility and sweetness. eottabirsed, with II
polite firmness of character, arising from the expansive
influence of Christian lov-, which ought to actuate all..
our endeavours for the good of others.. Strive then,
dear friend., that in your benevolent exertions to pror.r
mote the temporal, the moral, or the religious yeller*
of your fellow-meet.3oar wholecondoct may be masked
by an unobtrusive Christian temper; that, when use-
mated with jour friends and neighbours on those met.
sioos, it may be manifest that your great concern is to :
live under the influence of that wisdom which is from
above; which is pure, peaceable, gentle. and easy to
be entreated,. without partiality and without hypocrisy,
full of mercyy and fultof good fruits.. The pure exercise
of Christian kindness brings with it its own rewards
but to be pore, it must have its os)gin its the love of
Gon, which produces love to man ; and the satofaction•
is never so great, the efforts are never: so-steady, as when
/NO continually bear in mind, that we are to commit all
nor exertions to the blessing of HUI whose providen-
`Ohl eye is over all, and who is continually caring for
phe workmanship of his holy hand.
Our (fiends of Ireland, and of each of the yearly meet-
ings in America, have beets brought to our tesnem-
nee with feelings of Christian love, bythe reading, f
epistles which they have respectively a, dr s-ed to
pts. It has been very acceptable to find that our bre-
thren oa the other side of the Atlantic are imvatioas
places alive to the enormities of slavery ; and diligent
in their endeavours to expose the iniquity of the internal
slave-trade carried.on in the southern and south-western
States of the Union: The desolating and widely ex-
tended effects of-this dreadful traffic, whether we turn
our attention to Africa, to America and the %Vest India
Islands, or to other parts of the globe, are indeed enor-
mous and mournfully distressing. Much remains to be
done larfore this foal tii4grace is remove) ic ns the.
Christian dames but we are comforted a Ilaivvieff
:that, not only in this country bot:elseval err, tk- seise
of She oppressed is gaining ground : and as its advocates
continue to labour with zeal and perseve,anc: in the
spirit of the Gospel, we entertain no &Alin that they
will have fresh cause to rejoice; and that, u'timately,
slavery, with she vices molting from it, will be unknown
' amongst the subjects of those Governments where the
pure and just precepts of Chrittianity are professed.
The amount of the sufferings of oar members, as re-
ported to this meeting, including the charges .of dis-
traint, is upwards of 14,6001.
We have no cause to believe that our ancient testi-
mony against all ecclesiastical demands is losing groun,d
amongst us; but we think it right to revive in yogi'
remembrance those considerations whichled to its "dope
tion,• and which irfdoced our pious predecessors to
undergo many and grievous hardships in its support.
You know, beloved friends, that it has Seen the uniform
_ _

TIOU Till CONSTITUTIONNIL.
PARIS, Jinx 1.
A letter from Marseilles, dated June 25, states as fol.
lows:—" The force sent to Algiers is not sufficient col
obtain all the satisfaction we require. Since Lord Ex-
mouth's visit, the Dey has fortified Algiers, the entrance
to which is defended by 600 pietas of cannon. It is
sot supposed that ships can approach near enough to,
bombard the place. It would therefore be necessary to
effect a landing, and no troops have been embarked.—
The most certain way would be to capture the Algerine
frigate and corvette, which ate at sea, if they can be
fallen in with,"
The Etoile says-.." We read this morning in the Con -
stitattionmel. an article tending to_jostify the residence of
the English troops in Portngal. We think that a French
Journal, might have considered itself dispensed from-
making an apology with which it has doubtless gnitui•
trausly charged itself. Such questions touch interests
too delicate to be conveniently discussed in Gazettes."—
In the first place let us observe that our article, such as
it is, had for its object to explain, not to justify, the
c n instance of the English troops in Portugal—to tell
what interests detained them there, and why the me.r-
'sures adopted by Mr. Canning with regard to Portugal
mu-t, under like circumstances, have also been adopted
by Lord Castlereagh.

TROS 111 GAZZTTI DE nuns, DAT= TIIISDAY, IiLT 3.

PARIS, Joky S.
His Excellency the Minister of Marine, informing the
Commissary-General of the Marine at the port of
Havre, that war has just been declared by France
against the Regency of Algiers, announces to him that,
in order to prevent the dangers to which French ships
sailing from the Ocean to the Mediterranean might be
exposed, there will be regular convoys between Cadiz'
and Marseilles.

In consequence, those shipowners of the port el
Havre who may have to dispatch vessels to the Medi-
terranean, in order to avoid all danger from the Bar-
bary cruisers, must give orders to their Captains to
proceed first to Cadiz, where they will find convoy to
accompany them.
His Excellency has written to the Commander el
the naval division at Newfoundland, to acquaint bins

with those measures, and enjoining him to give notice
of them to the Captains of ships employed in the cod
fishery, and who intend to return to Marseilles.

LEGHORN, Jima 20.

The Chamber of CommerCe has informed the mer..l
chants that the differences between Tuscany and thel
Regency of Tripoli hare been adjusted, and that she
Tuscan colours have been again hoisted by the Consul.
As a French squadron has sailed from Toulon to
blockade Algiers. the Captains of Tuscan ships are in-
sttucted to observe all the rules prescribed in such
cases, and the more se, as the French espeditiou has
an object generally interesting.

ROME, Jun 20.

The following is the allocution delivered by his Holi-
ness in the Secret Cossistory of the 21st of May last:
Vetterabli Brothers!—The plan, the execution of which was
begun with so much wisdom, and forwarded with such solicitude
by our holy predecessor Pies VII. in order to regulate advan-
tageously the affairs of t►e Church of Germany, is (we eau at tenth
state) happily accomplished by the Divine assistance, all the ob-
stacles being surmounted. The sees decreed by our glorious pre-
deressor—viz. the Archbishoprick of Friborg, and the Bishopricks
of Mentz, Rothenbirg, Uniburg, and Fulda, have been erected as
be desired; every thing necessary has been done to ensure the Go-
vernment, and to give a suitable revenue to the Bishops, Chapters,
Seminaries, Churches, Cathedrals, and Vicars.

belief of our Society that our blessed LORD and Siirrotin,
by his coming, put an end to that priesthood, and to
the provision for its support, as well as to those ceremonial
.usages which were before ordained; and dist he came
to introduce a dispensation, pure and spiritual in its
nature. The present system of tithes, against which
our early friends as well as ourselves have born testi-
mony, was no institution of our Holy Head and High
Priest, the great Christian Law-giver. It had no elk-
fence in the purest and earliest age of.the Church ; but
was gradually introduced as superstition and apoittcy
spread over the Christian world. It is further our be-
lief, and it has been uniformly that of the Society, that
the ministry of the Gospel is to be without money and
without price; that as the gift is free, the exercise of
it is to be free also; that the office is to be filled by
those only who feel themselves called of GOD through
the power of the HOLY Smarr, who in their preaching
as well as in their circumspect lives and conversation,
are giving proof of this call. Impressed as we are with
these views, we feel ourselves conscientiously restrained
from the payment of those demands which are made
for the support of such a system, or from any compro-
mise wheieby such a payment is to be ensured. A
forced maintenance of an established ministry is, in our
apprehension, a violation of those great privileges which
Gov, in his wisdom and goodness, designed to bestow
upon the llamas race, when he sent his SON to redeem
the world, and by the power of the HOLY SPIRIT to
lead and guide mankind into all truth.
Whilst thus setting forth the grounds of this testi-
mony, we remember the kindness with which our
religious scruples are often regarded by those who have
to support and to enforce the laws by which we are
affected.
Dear friends—As we have been perrnittel at this
' time unitedly to partake of the mercies of our HEA-
VENLY FATHER, and to feel our confidence in Hut to
be renewed, in the belief that He is watching over OR
as a religious society for good, may we all so live in his
' fear, that we may availingly pray for his blessing; so
acknowledge HIM in all mar ways that Ha may direct oar
' paths whilst here, and finally grans us an admission
' into his heavenly kingdom through June Cutter our
Loan!

" His Helisess, expressing his gratitude to the Princes interested
fee the favourable manner in which they have met the Holy See,
altos that be has filled up the Setts of Friburg and Limburg, and
Miaow provide for the other three Churches. His Holiness then
Nunes, that he had been greatly distressed by certain reports made
M Idea concerning the conduct of his dear son, Jacob Brand, who
woe intended for the See of Limburg; but that his uneasiness had
his, happily removed by the full declaration, mane with the
sanctity of an oath, that ' he never, in words or in writing, de-
paned from the orthodox faith, and never acceded to the pro-
positions which were then spread in Germany, and which were
reproved in 1819 by our predecessor, as schismatic; that, on tile
contrary, be bad blamed the temerity and the folly of those
who ventured to defend them.' Men of approved virtue having
assured his Holiness that he might depend as the sincerity of this
declaration, he trusts that the new Bishop will zealously exert
himself to destroy all unfavourable opinions respecting him, and
confirm by his obedience and fidelity to the Holy See all that he
has sworn, verbally and in writing. ' But,' said his Holiness, we
had net to provide for the Churches of Germany alone—our heart
daily reminded us with increased sorrow of those Churches in the
West Indies, which, in consequence of a long dept ivadon of pastors,
were Meted by a fatal series of spiritual evils. We were bitterly
grieved whenever the clamours of the faithful reached us, who la-
mented that they had no power to administer to them the bread of
the Holy Sacrament, to instruct them in the salutary maxims of
the faith and of religion, and to insist on the observance of the coat.
minds of Goa, and of the Church—to reprimand those who erred,
to stop the mouths of those who speak of wicked things, and to
drive away and kill the log wolves who lay in ambush for
them. Profoundly affected at the sight of se many calamities, re-
membering the apostolic office confided to us, and fearing the
Divine judgment in which we shall be called upon to account for
the blood of the flock committed to us, we have thought it necessary
to prepare, without farther loss of time, the relief asked for by
those unfortunate sheep whom we bear in our paternal bosom.—
We have therefore given these Churches Bishops adorned with
pastoral virtue, by whose assistance they will be speedily purified.
Spain will again flourish, and bear new fruits of eternal salvation.
We are certain that all those who have at heart at least the pro.

In the love of the Gospel, we cordially bid you farewell.
Signed in and on behalf of the Meeting, by
JOSIAH FORSTER.
Clerk ti the *eating Ns yeas

,‘,.‘alllll
