ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

On the 18th November, pursuant to the wishes of the Governor, a
meeting of the inhabitants wu convened, to take into consideration
the best mode of abolishiag slavery in this settlement.
Mr. Lewis having been requested to take the chair, the letter re-
ceived from the Secretary to Government su read ; and, after dis-
cussing the mat•er therein alluded to—vis. the speedier termination
of the state of slavery, in name and substance. than can be expected
to result from the gradual demise of the persons now In the list—the
following resolutions were made :
" 1. That it is highly desirable that means be taken to put an end
to slavery.
" 2. That it appears that domestic works have always been exe.
cuted by slaves, that all the respectable inhabitants are dependent on
this mode of serrice, and that, therefore, the abolition cannot be im-
mediately effected; therefore it la resolved list the several classes of
natives be invited to name soma deflate caul as short a period as
may be practicable, for compkJag this desirable melsure. That
the Portuguese, Chinese, Malays, and Choolcas, do severally agree
amongst their own tribes to name the I cried ; a-:1 that they do de-
pute Ave from each class to meet the smtlemen of the settle-
ment on peensln Wednesday next, the 28th inst. to make known their sen.
thacan.

a Wm. T. Uteri, Chairman."
On the 28th Nov. a meeting having assembled, pc..-suant to the
resolution of the 18th inst and the dept.: 'ions of the natives being
pratnt, viz. five persons on behalf of the Portuguese, five or behalf
of the Chir.ese, five on behalf of the Malays, five on behalf of the
Chooleas, the sense cl: the meeting was taken, and twelve yearz fixed
for the emancipation of the slaves borne on the registry-books of this
settlement; and it was resolved, that Mr. Lewis, in the name and
behalf of the inhabitants of Malacca, do convey to the honourable
the Governor their acknowledgment of -
his, Excellency's regard for
their interests, as shown by reising the grievances of the inha-
bitants complained of in their petition.
That the inhabitants are sensible that the decision of the judges,
in the case now to be referred, will be consonant to the laws of Eng.
land, and the legislative acts regarding slavery, by which they, as
British subjects, are bound, both by inclination and duty, to abide;
but

That pending such reference, and to prove to his Excellency, the
Governor, and to the world in general, that their motives have been
guided by a sense of humanity, they hereby record their assent,
That slavery shall not be recognized in the town and territory of
Malacca after the 31st December, 1841.
To John Pattuilo, Esq. Secretary to Government.
have the honour to forward, for the information of the
Honourable the Governor in Council, certain proceedings of the in.
habitants of Malacca, regarding the emancipation of their domestic
slaves.

I take this opportunity of expressing how highly I feel myself
honoured by having been called upon to make known to his Excel.
lency the Governor these meritorious proceedings, which reflect-the
highest honour and credit on the whole of the inhabitants of Ma.
Luca, as evincing the humane principles by which they have been
=mated in having thus voluntarily and unanimously come to the
determination of emancipating their domestic slaves in so short a
given period.
The Honourable the Governor is no doubt aware of the poverty
of the greater part of the native inhabitants, and will, therefore, the
better appreciate the sacrifice they have made.
The publicity which will be given to this act will, I trust, be the
means of interesting the owners of slaves in the East and West
Indies, to follow the example of their brethren of Malacca.
I have the honour to be, flic.
(Signed) WILLIAM T. Lxwts.
