POETICAL. WORKS

Recently pubiblied by LONGMAN. HURST, kW, ORIlt and
BROWN, Paternoster-row.
1. gIHE ENTIRE WORKS of HENRY HOW-
ARD, Earl of Surrey, and Sir THOMAS wydurr,
the Elder, containing much new and curious Matter, with Notes,
Critical and Esplattatory, &c. Ac. By G. F. NO ET, D. D.
F. S. A. late FeUow of AU Souls College, Oxford. In two large
vols. 4to. embellished with highly finished Portraits, dtc. The
SiUmber printed is limited to 350 copies on demy 4to. price Al 71.
and to 50 on royal CO. price 211. I Is. boards.
S. The POET's PILGRIMAGE to WATERLOO: by
Robert :,outhey, Esq. Poet !.aureate, Monism of the Royal Spa-
nish Academy, and of the Royal Spanish Academy of History. In
Imo. the Second Edition, illustrated by Eight Engravings, price
10s Bd. boards.—Also by the same Author,
The LAY of the LAUREATE; Carmen Noptiale,l2mo 4s.
RODERICK, the last of the Goths, 4th Edi um, 2 vols. 161.
CURSE of KEHAMA. Third Edition, u vols. 141.
TH.% LA 11A, 3d Edit. 2 vas. 161..
JOAN of ARC, 4tb Edit. 2 vols: 161.
MADOC, 4th Edit. I vols. Ms. •
MINOR POEMS, 3 vols. 1 Ss.
S. The LORD of the ISLE;, a Poem. By Walter Scott, Esq.
The 4th Edition. In Ave. pulse 14s.
Also, by the same Author,

ROKEBY, a Poem. sth Edit. 14s. hoards.
The LADY of the LAKE, a Poem. II th Edit. 14s boards.
MARMION, a TALE of FLO MEN FIELD. The nth Edi-
tion, ill Bvo. price 145. boards.
The LAY ot the LAS MINSTREL. 13th E.I. 105. Gil: Mk
The VISION of DON RODF.It ICK, the Ft cco of W4l ea-
LOO, and other Poems. In Bvo. price 105. did. boards.
BALI.ADS and LYRICAL PIECES. 4‘ll Edit. 7s. GI bill.
The MINSTRELSY of the SCOT FISH BORDER; consist-
ing Of HISTORICAL and Rom.iwric BALLADS, founded on Local
Traditions. With an Introduction and Notes by the Editor.—
!be sth Edition, in S vols. two. Li. lbs.
4. The WORLD VESIRE the FLOOD. A Poem. sln Ten
Cantos. With other occastonal Pieces By limes Montgomery.
In loobtap svu. 'lbird Edit. 9s. boards.
S. be WEST INDIES and other POEMS. By James Mont-
gomery; 4th edition, hi foolscap, Soo. Gs boards.
G. The WANDERER of SWVIZEItLAND, and other
POEMS By Limes Montgomery. The 6th edition, in foolscap
Lieu price t.s. boards.
7. POEM by WILLIAM WORDSWORTH; including 14trical
Ballad., and t I.e 'Miscellaneous Pieces of the Author; with eddi-
ttiotial Poems, a new Preface, and a iupPlementaty Essay. la 2
vols. no% (with two trontispices altar the pictures by Sir George
Beaumont) price LI Lis. boards.
8. The EXCURSION, brills a portion of the Recluse, a Poem.
By William Wordsworth; in 4te. price £9 Os. boards. •
9. l'he WHITE DOE of RYI.S romE; or, the FATt of the
NORTOKS, a Poettt. By William Wordsworth; in 4to. pries
Bl ls. boards.
10. PSYCHE, or the LtozNa of Love, sod tether Poems.
By the Joe Mrs Henry Tighe; with an elegant Portrait ot the
Author, in avg. Stb editiou,l2a. boards.
1. The PLEAsURES of HOPE, with other Poems. By
Thomas Campbell; in tOolsca? HIM. a new edition, illustrated by
Engravings—Price 75. boards. Also, by the same Author, Ger-
trude of Wyoming, or the Peunsylvanian Cottage, and other
Poems ;in Nutmeg) Bvo. the fifths edition, with a line engraving—
Price 9s. boards.
IS. POE I ICAL VAGARIES, and Vagaries Vindicated. By
George Colman, the Younger. The second edition, in foolscap
Bvo. illustrated with Wood Cuts by Hanscom, from Designs by
thin-moo—Price los. 6d. boards. A few copies of the first
edi-
don of both Works, in 4to.
113. POEMS, by Mrs. °pie • the sixth edition, with a beauti-
ful Frontispiece—Price Ss..boorrds.
14. The TRAGEDIES of VI ITORIO ALFIERI ; translated
from the Italia, by Charles Lloyd, in S vols. lemo.—,El 75. bds.
' 15. The BRIDAL of TRIERMAIN, or the Vale of St. John,
in three Cantos; the fourth edition, in 12m0.-75. 6d. boards.

SOLOMON'S CELEBRATED ABSTEROENT LOTION,.
FOR ERUPTIONS ON THE SKIN.
" Simplex Munditils." Hor. 1 Od. v. 5.
Elegant by CleanMese.
IT is unnecessary to enumerate the advantages re-
m.i.o.oholigtg to constitutioncchtoions m every Ifolohoeosit, by offaezttelyrereb;
keeping free and open the innumerable passages atdpores through
which nature expels all useless of nozious humours from the vital
fluid, and which,being obstructed, are forced back again into the
blood, and become the sources of many/dangerous diseases. it is
therefore a matter of Mach consequence,as well to prevent hurt-
ful disorders, as for the preservation of ease, comfort, and beauty,
to persons (however slightly affected) that they should occasionally
have recourse to SONO MON's ADS TERQENT LOTIQN; but
more specially It becomes urgently requisite when the effects of
obstruction make their appearance, and break oat into pimples,
rgdoess, carbeochs, or other eataneoes cruptloos. the Abster.
gent Loma never fails with those who give k a fair trial, and
the pebik may be convinced of the certainty of Its success as a
safe and somas rausedr for borPodo gampiaitits in general. Price
4a. 64. per bottle,--,To prevent counterfeits. please to observe
that the name,* Buhl. Solomon, Liverpool," is engraved ea the
stamp prefaced to each bottle. •
Sold by Samuel Leigh, le, Strand; Bacon and Co. 159, Or.
feed4treet, LosdOes Brodie and DoWiMag, &Asbury ; and all
?Midis Veadlgt

PRICE SEVEN-PENCIL

£lS2' INDIA HOME, Arita: 21, ISM
THE COURT of DIRECTORS.of the UNITED
COMPANY of MERCHANTS f ENGLAND.traki
to the EAST INDIES, du lereby give wae,

That a Quarterly Gen, sal Court of the said Company sr 11l be
held at their House in L. adeihall-street,.on WEDNESDAY,
the 45th September nee, at Eleven o'Cloek its the Forenoon.
JAArfighOßß,, Sc.: Mars. •

DRS. COOPER. MUNROE, and DUNCAN,
Physician.= to the Medical Board at Charlotte House,
lilackfriars o:d,have ascertained that upwards of 5000 Patients
arc cured annually of peva li!.g disorders, that hundreds were in
a distressing state, (mug to quacking themselves, and by con-
*tilting men ignorant of the p-ofe%ston, who deceive the public
by their specious promises an 1 immoral advertisements. &up.
dons On the head, face, and body, ulcerated throat, swellings in
the neck, nudes on the shin-bones, pains in the head and limbs,
frequently taken tor rheumatism, swelled ancles, and nervous de-
bility, are diseases which appear yews after, a•4l the consequences
of improper treatment. Drs. Cooper, Munroe, and Duncan are
consuked daily from eight till eight, or by letter containing a
fee; and the poor have advice on l'ues&ys, Thurs:lays, and Sun-
, days, tl.l 18 o'clock,There is a s'de deur and private rooms for

• .
• SARACEN'S HEAD INN. SNOWHILL.
• UNCOMMON CHEAP TRAVELLING,
rOL and RINGWOOD new light Day Coach s
oes out from the Saracen's Head Inn, Snuw-Hill," London,
at half past five o'clock In the morn rig, and arrives at the London
Tavernt Pool, early the same verging; through Farnham, Altwa,
Alresfersi, Winchester, Rumsey. and Wiinborne. At the re-
quest of the Inhabitants, this coach runs in a day, from Pool,
Wintborne, &.c. previnusly to this coach starting, passengers
were obliged to travel by night. The Fruprietors will enleavotie
to meat the patronage of those friends who have kiedly inch
mated their desire to support this cunoern.
SfJUTHAMP lON, I .yininetuii, Winchester, and Basingstoke
New Four Inside Coach, at eight in the mining, to the George
Inn, Southampton, only eight hours on the road (breakfast in
London and dine at Fouthanipton).—This is a most delightful
conveyance to the Isle of Wight, Jersey, Guernsey, St. Malos's
Havre de Grace, Cherbourg, &c.
WEYMOU TH, Dorchester, Blandford, Salisbury, Andover,
and Basingstoke new Post Coach, every afternoon, at three....
The Weymouth Packets to Guernsey, Jersey, Cherbourg, 31.
Maloe's, &c. From Cherbourg is a most delightful road to Paris:
The WATERLOO New Light Four Inside Coach, to LEEDS,
HALIFAX, BRADFORD. and all parts of the North, sets out
at twb o'clock in the afternoon, and arrives at the Golden Lion
bin, Leeds. nest evening, at six o'clock, through Stamford,
Grantham, Newark, and Doncaster. 1 his coach is intended to
accommodate the towns of Leeds, Halifax, Bradford, and vial.
silty. It will leave Leeds at three o'clock M the afternoon. Pas.
stingers may convenient!) come to Leeds from those places, and
he in London early the next evening.
The UMPIRE, a NEW LIVERPOOL Light Coach, only
one night on the toad, caries four Insides and four Outside% ,
sets out every day at one O'CIOCki ::Trivet at Liverpool next eves.
ing before seven o'clock, by way of Dut.stable, Woburn, Lath-
bury. Northampton, %Veinal, Latterworth, Hinckley, Athos.
stone, Litchfield, Stone, Rilgely, Ne..vcatAle, Knutsford,
t instant and Prescott.
GOSLING% ha Att.!. BOROU I .11:ant Post Coach, through
HUNGERFORD, NEWBURY, and READING; arts out at
Seven o'Clock in the Motu ing, arrives at Marlborough to dinner
—comfortable conveyance fur those travellingthe West Revel.
EXETER, Plymouth. Weymouth, Dorchetter, Falmouth,
bartmoinh, and f•'.altiiitry New Post Coach, every Morning as
Six (Mack, through Houiton, Axminster, Britiptra, Elandford,
Basingstoke, and Bagshot. Only one night out from London to
Plymouth.
BOSTON, Spalding, Peterhorotieli, Stilton, and Huntingdon
new Royal Mail Coach, sets out every Eventng....coaches front
Boston to Spilshy, Louth, Grimsby, and Hull.
BATH and BRISTOL Flying Post-Coaches, through Chinless
ham, Caine, and Marlborough, every Afternoon; arrive at Mr.
May's, the Greyhound Inn, Bath, and the London l'at+erit, The.
mas-street, Bristol, next Morning.—Coaches to Wells, -Bridge.
water, Taunton, &c.
LEEDS new light Coach, called the Rockingham, sets out evert
Morning at Eight o'Clock; carries Four Insides only, and goes re.
markably easy, with a Guard throughout. Passes through Stain.
ford, Newark, Raiford, Doncaster, and Ferrybridge, to the
Golden Lion. Leeds, next Day, at Noun. 'Notwithstanding the
uncommon lirpedition of this Coach, it is allowed to he the most
agreeable and coitplete Public Conveyance on the North Road,
bring unequalled in Accommodation by any other. Only two
guineas inside to Leeds.
GLASGOW, LonstownGretna-Green,Gietna-Gen, Annan, Darhfrles,
Brownhill, Thorahill, Satiqu har.Kilu, Cumnock, Kingswell, and
all Parrs of Scotland, Caraperderwn Coach, Daily.
YORK, Newcastle, and Edinburgh new Coach, performed
with a Guard throughow,: se:s out every Morning at Half-past
Six o'Clock, by way of Newark, Itotford, Tadcaster,slJarlingtst,
Northallertou, Durham, Motpeth, and Berwick. Passengers
finding themselves fatigued from the length of the journey, may •
rest what time they please, and then proceed on without any ad.
&timid Fare. 1. BARBER, the Black Swan, Coney-street, York,
runs Coaches to Sunderlaud, Hull, Scarborough, Whitby, and
other Places.
BRIDGENORTH and Walsall Post Coach, every Evening.
CARLISLE, Penrith, and Wititehaven :',et Coach, goes with
Four Horses, and a Guard all the way. Passes through Brollies
Appleby, Grearabridge, Richmond, Citterick, Berougbbridae,
Wetherby, Aberford, Doncaster, and Grantham (the nearest
way by eighteen miles). Sets out every Morning, and performs
the journey with the greatest facility. Passengers detained on
the road by business, or pleasure, have the pet uliar advantage of
their seats being secured in the nest Coach.
LIVERPOOL, Warrington, Knutsford, Stone, and Litchfield,
Post-Coach, called '!'be Express, every Evening at Five
o'Clock, to B. 13rotherton's, Saracen's Head In; Dalerstreet,
LivereooL Guarded throughout.
WAKEFIELD Post-coach, every morning at haltpast
CHESTER and PARKGATE new Post Coach, Daily.
ECLIPSE, a new Flying Post Coach, to York, Sunderland,
Newcastle, and Edinburgh, carries Four Insides only, every At.
ternoon, at Two o'Clock, by way oi Doncaster, Grantham, and
Stamford.
KENDAL, Lancaster, Preston, Klrby-Lottsdate, Bolton,
'Morley, Ortuskirk, and Garstang Post Coaches, every After.
noon at Five o'Clock.—Guartied.
SUNDERLAND. Stockton, and Yarns, new Coach, every
Morning, to the George Inn, Sunderland.
MANCHESTER, Wilmslow, Congleton, Newcastle, Wes,
and Wolvethampton Post-Coach, every Aftessmon,—Guarded.
SHREWSBURY, Welliegton, and Shiffnal Putt-Coach, the-
Royal Charlotte; every Evening, at Five o'Cloek.—Guardeg,
. BiItMINGHAM Mercury Post Coach, with a Guard, seta
out every Afternoon, and reaches Eirinifighatn next day at Noon.
Fuses by Oxford, Enston, and Shipstone; to the Saracen's Head,
Bub-street. Birmingham.
SHEFFIELD and Rotherham Post Coach, called the Rockin.
alibi, every Morning.
HULL, Northcave, Howden, Thorn. and Doncaster Poss.
Coach, every Morning at half past six, to the Cross Keys, Mar.
ket Noe Hull. * •
HER Ware, Hodeadon, Waltham Cross, Broxborne,
and Wormley sack every eno-ning.
DOVER, deal, Margate, Ramsgate, Canterbury, Faversham.
Chatham, and Rochester, Post Coaches, morning and afternoon.
N.E. Passengers sad Parcels booked for the abcve Coaches,
at the New White Hone Cellar. Piccadilly.
Wittiest B. Moosrrein and Co. respectfully acquaint thrip
Meads andibit•lNNii, that they will not beaccounfable for any
Paresis or Leopagi,ae. of more than. Five Pounds Vidoe, It lost,
Aden, sus dansaged, unless entered as sack and paid for Esprit.
bey, al ibe Saracen's Had lash Suiw;bill, London.

'fi. •♦

: IMP wirer'

+N

I°'---THE EVENING STALL. ,

LONDON.'

T`
TO-MORROW THE' *TATE LOTTERY BROM
DRAWING: Tit, FIRST PRIZE DRAWN THA 1' DAY
MIM az MORE TFLAN £40,000, AND MAY BE stno.ooo.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1816.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWKLVE O'CLOCK I
Iteactd4but —.Com Ito. 64—Cons. for sec. 64.11
4 per Cent. shut-5 per Cent. Navy LSI
Indio Bonds 76. 8a pre.—Ezebequer thll3, rs. 51. pre.

Captain BRISBANE, of the QUEEN CITAIILOTTIty
tester:ld the Admiralty on Saturday n;ght, at nine
n'clotk, with duplicate official Dispatches from Lord
kistourtt, detailing the particulars of his attack on
Algiers, and the terms of the Pedce concluded with
the DEE. The original Dispatches were committed
to Rear-Admiral MILNE, in the Lnitxuen, which has

not yet arrivvd. Captain BIttSDANK Lidded at Bar-
celona, and made the best of his way overland. The
Dispatches were published last night in the subjoined
LONDON GAZETTE EXTIMORDINARK
ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, SEPTEMBER IS.
Captain BRISBANE) of his Majesty's ship Queen
Charlotte, arrived at this Office last eight ssith the

following dispatches from Admiral Lord Exmovrit,
G. C. E. addressed to ions Wrinorr CROICES, Esq. :

Queen Charlotte, Algiers-Bay. August W.
Sue—Lt all the viciuitudes of a long life of public
service, no circumstance has ever produced on my
mind inch impressions of gratitude and joy as the
event of yesterday. To have been one of the humble
instrunseats, in the hands of Dims PROVIDENCE; for
bringing to reason a ferocious Government, and de-
stroying for ever the insufferable and horrid system

of Christian slavery, can never cease to be a source

of delight and heartfelt comfort to every individual
happy enough to be employed in it. I may, I hope.
be permitted, under such impressions, to offer my
sincere congratulations to their Lordships on the cods-
plete success which attended the gallant efforts of his
Majesty's fleet in their attack upon Algiers of yester-
day s and the happy result produced from it on this

day by the signature of peace.
Thus has a provoked war of two days' existence
been attended by a complete victory, and closed by
a renewed peace fur England and her Ally, the King,
of the Netherlands. on conditions dictated by the
firmness and wisdom of his Maksty's Government,
and commanded by the vigour of their measures.
My thanks are justly due for the honour and con-
fidence his Majesty's Ministers have been pleased to
repose on my zeal, on this highly important occasion.
The means were by them made adequate to my own
wishes, and the rapidity of their measures speak for
themselves. Not more than one hundred days since
I left Algiers with the British fleet, unsuspicious and
ignorant of the atrocities which had been committed
at Bona t that fleet, on its arrival in England, was
necessarily disbanded, and another, with propor.
tionate resources, created and equipped ; and, al-
though impeded in its progress by calms and adverse
winds, has poured the vengeance of an insulted na-
tion, in chastising the cruelties of a ferocious Go.
vernment, with a promptitude beyond example, and
highly honourable to the national character, eager to
resent oppression or cruelty, whenever practised upon
those under their protection.
Would to GOD that in the attainment of this object
I had not deeply to lament the severe loss of so many
gallant Officers and men ; they have profusely bled
in a contest which has been peculiarly marked by
proofs of such devoted heroism as would rouse every
noble feeling. did I dare indulge in relating them.
Their Lotdsbips will already have been informed,
by his Majesty's sioim Jasper, of my proceedings up
to the 14th instant, on which day I broke ground
from Gibraltar, after a vexatious detention, by a foul
wind, of four days.
The fleet, complete in all its points, with the ad.
dition of five gun-boats, fitted at Gibraltar, departed
in the highest spirits, and with the most favourable
prospect of reaching the port of their destination in
three days; but an advt.:se wind destroyed the ex-
pectation of an early arrival, which was the more
ans;onsli looked for by myself, in conseqsence of
bearing, the Jay I sailed from Gibraltar, that a large,
army had been assembled, and that very considerable
additional works were throwing up, .not only on both
flanks of the city, but also immediately about the en-
trance of the Mole : from this I was apprehensive
that my intention of making that point my principal
object of attack had been discovered to the Dey by
the same means he bad heard of the expedition. This
intelligence was, on the following night, greatly con,
Aimed by the Prometheus, which I bad dispatched
to Algiers some time before, to endeavour to get
away the Consul. Captain Dashwood bad With dif-1
acuity succeeded in bringing away, disguised in Mid.
shipman's uniform, his wife and daughter, leaving
a boat to bring off their infant child, eolith's down
la a basket with the Surgeon, who thought be het
composed it, but it unhappily cried in the gate-way,
and in consequence the Surgeon, three Midsbip-
men—in all eighteen persons, were seized and eon-
. Snell as slaves in the usual dungeons. The child
was seat off nest morning bby the Dey, and, as a
solitary instance of his humanity, it ought to be re.
:elided by me.
Captain Dashwood further confirmed, that r'

,

Wee usse had been brought down from the iaterior.
sad ell tbs 3aaisaareel called in from distant gar-

. •

'risme,. and that they Wit* ludelit;gakty employed in
their hatitrits, ill& and aver, 'where
atiengsbening the sia•qefeaces.
Dey interned Captain Onhereqd. he tneer
perfeedy well the armament was destined for Algieri,
and asked him if it was trite ? fie replied, if he had.
such information he knew as much as he did, and
probably from the same souret.mthe public prints:
The ships were all in Port, and between 44 and
SO gun and mortar boats ready, With several more
in forwat d repair. The Dey had closely confined
the Consul;and refused either to give him up or pro-
mise his personal safety; nor would he heiroit Word
respecting the Officers and men seized in the boats of
the Prometheus. _ _

From the continuance of adverse winds and calms,
the land to the westward of Algiers was not made
before the 26th, and the next morning, at day-break.
the fiat was advanced in sight of the city, though

not so near as t had intended. As the ships were
brtalmed, I embraced this opportunity of dispatch•
ing a boat, under cover of the Severn, with a flag
of trace. And.the demands I had to make, in the
name of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, on
the of Algiers (of which the accompany* are

copies); directing the Officer to wait two er three
hours for the Vey's answer, at which tim,. if no

reply was sent, he was to return to the ilag•ship ; he
was met near the Mole by the Captain of the Pert,
who, on being told the answer was expected in one
hour. replied, that it was impossible. The Officer
then said he would wilt two or three hours; he then
observed two !fours wai quits sufficient,
The fleet at this time, by the springing up of the
eea breeze, had reached the bay, and were preparing
the boati and flotilla for service, until near two

o'clock, when, observing my Officer was returning
with the signal flying that no answer had been re-

eeived, after a delay of upwards of three hours. I
instantly made the signal to know if the ships were
all ready, which being answered in the affirmative,
the Queen Charlotte bore up, followed up by the
fleet, for their appointed stations ; the flog, leading
in the prescribed order, was anchored in the entrance
of the Mole, at about fifty yards' distance. At this
moment not a gun had been fired, and I began to
suspect a full compliance with the terms which had
been so many hours in their hands ; at this period of

profound silence, a shot was fired at us from the 1
Mole, and two at the ships to the northward then
following ; this was promptly returned by the Queen
Charlotte, who was then lashing to the mainmast of
a brig, faststo the shore in the mouth of the Mole,
and which we had steered for, as she guide to our

position.
Thus commenced a fire as animated and well sup-
parted, as. I believe, 'Mb ever witnessed, from a
quarter before three until nixie, without intermi.sion,
and which did not tease altogether until half•past
eleven.

The ships irnmeffialeTy following me were admi.
rably and coolly taking their stations, with a preci-
sion even beyond my most sanguine hope; and never
did the British flag receive, on any occasion, more
zealous and honourable support. To look further
on the line than immediately round me, was per-
fectly impossible, but so well-grounded was my con.
fidence in the gallant officers I had the honour to
command, that my mind was left perfectly free to
attend to other objects, and I knew them in their sta.
tions only by the destructive effect of their fire upon
the walls and batteries to which they were opposed.
T had about this time the mai:faction of seeing
Vice-Admiral Van Capellea's flag in the station 1
bad assigned to him, and soon after. at intervals, the
remainder of his frigates, keeping up a well sup-
ported fire on the flanking batteries he had offered to
cover us from, as it had not been in my power, for
*want of room, to bring him in the front of the Mole.
About sunset I reeeived a message from Rear-Ad-
miral Milne, conveying to me the severe loss the Im-
pregnable was sustainiug, having then 150 killed and
wounded, and requesting I would, if possible, send
him a frigate to divert some of the fire Inv was under.
The Glasgow, near one, immediately weighed,
bet the wind had been driven away by the cannonade,
and. she was obliged to anchor again, having obtained
rather a better position than before.
I had at this time sent orders to the explosion
vessel, under the charge of Lieutenant Fleming and
Mr. Parker, by Captain Reade of the Engineers, to
bring her into the Mole; but the Rear-Admiral
having thought she would do him essential service if
exploded under the battery in his front. I sent orders
to this vessel to that effect, which were executed. I
desired also the Rear-Admiral might be infOrmed,
that many of the ships being now in fumes, and cer-
tain of the destruction of the whole, I considered I
bad executed the most important part of my instrue•
tions, end should make every preparation far with-
drawing the ships, and desired he would do so as
soon as possible with his division.
There were awful moments during the conflict
which I cannot now attempt to describe, occasioned
by firing the ships* so autos, and I had long resisted
the eager entreaties of several around me, to make
the attempt upon the outer frigate, distant about 100
yards, which at length I gave into, and Major Gos-
sett, by my side, who had been eager to laihd his
corps of Miners, pressed me most anxiously for per-
kluission to accompany Lieutenant Richards in this
ship's barge. The frigate was insteady boarded, and
ten minutes in a perfect blaze; &gallant young

alta4ptinn, in reaet boat No. 8. although foibid-
deal was led by tie ardent' spirit to roller, in support
of the barge, in which he was desperately wounded,
hi; brother Officer killed; and nine of his crew. The
barite, by rowing more rapidly, hid suffered less,
I•and lost but two.
The enemy's batteries around my divisioh *ere'
about ten o'clock silenced, and in a state of perfect
ruin and dilapidation; sal the Ike d the ships was
reserved as much as possible, to save powder, and
reply to a few pot now and then bearing upon us.
although a fort on the upper angle of the city, on
which our guns iould not be brought to beat, conti.
'toed to annoy the ships by shot and shells during
the whole time.
• PROVIDENCE at this interval gave to my anxious
wishes the usual land wind, common in this bay, and
my expectations were completed. We were all bands
employed warping and towing off, and, by the help
of the light air, the whole were under sail, and came
to anchor out of reach of shells about two in the
morning, after twelve hours' incessant laboor.
The flotilla of mortar, gun, and rocket boats, under
the directitm of their respective Artillery Officers,
shared, to the full ettent of their power, in the honours
cif this day, andlerformed good service; it was by their
firt all the ships in the port (with the exception of the
outer frigate) were in flames, which extended rapidly
over the whole arsenal, store-hoases, and gun-boats,
exhibiting a spectacle of awful grandeur and interest
no pen can describe.
The stoops of war which had been appropriated to
aid and assist the ships of the line, and prepare for
their retreat, perforated not only that duty well, but
embraced every opportunity of firing through the in-
tervals, and were constantly in motion.
. The shells from the bombs were admirably well
thrown by the royal marine artillery ; and though
thrown directly across and over us, not an accident
that I know of occurred to any ship.
The whole was conducted in perfect silence, and
such a thing as a cheer I never heard in any part of
the line ; and that the guns were well worked and
directed, will be seen for many years to come, and
remembered by these barbarians for ever.
The conducting this ship to her station by the
Master of the fleet and ship excited the praise of all.
The former has been my companion in arms for more
than 20 yetrss
Having thus detailed, although but imperfectly,
the progress of this short service, I venture to hope,
that the humble and devoted services of myseif and
the Officers and men of every description I have the
honour to command, will be received by his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent with his accustomed
grace. The approbation of our services by our Sore-
reign, and the good opinion of our country, will, I
venture to affirm, be received by us all with the
highest satisfaction.
If I attempted to name to their Lordships the nu-
merous Officers who, in such a conflict, have been at
different periods more conspicuous than their coal.
panions, I should do injustice to many; and I trust
there is no Officer in the fleet I have the honour to
command who will doubt the grateful feelings I shall,
ever cherish for their unbounded and unlimited sup.
port. Not an Officer nor man confined his exertions
within the precise limits of their own duty ; all were
eager to attempt services which 1. found mere difficult
to restrain than excite; and no where was this feeling
more compicuoto than in my own Captain, and those
Officers immediately about Int person. My grati-
tude and thanks are due to all under my command,
as well as to Vice-Admiral Capellen, and the Officers
of the squadron of his Majesty the King of the
Netherlands; and I trust they will believe that the
recollection of their services will never cease but with'
my life. In no instance have I ever seen-more energy
and zeal: from the youngest Midshipman to the
highest rank, all seemed animated by one soul, and
of which I shall with delight bear testimony to their
Lordships, whenever that testimony can be useful.
I have confided this dispatch to Rear-Admiral
Milne, my second in command, from whom I have
received, during the whole sere* intrusted to me.
the most cordial and honourable support. He is
perfectly informed of every transaction of the fleet,
from the earliest period of my command, and is fully
competent to give their Lordships satisfaction on any
points which I may have overlooked or have not
timeto state. I trust I have obtained from him his
esteem and regard, and I regret I had not sooner
been known to him.
The necessary papers, together with the defects of
the ships and the return of killed and wounded, ac-
company this dispatch ; and I am happy to say
Captains Ekins and Cootie are doing well, as also the
whole of the wounded. By accounts from the shore,
I understand the enemy's loss in killed and wounded
is between 6 and 7000 men.
In recommending my °Meer: and fleet to their
Lordships' protection and favour,
• I have the honour to be, &c. Exmourn.
A Oesend Abstract of the Ktxxin and WOUNDrD in the Squa-
dron under Admiral Lord EXIIOUTIeII Command, in the
. Attack of Algiers, the V7th August, 1816.
Queen Charlotte, Admiral Lord Exmouth, G. C. B. Cnodo
James Brisbane, C. 8.-7 seamen,! marine, killed ; .14 Officers,
it seamen, 24 mat Ines, 2 marine artillery, 5 sappers and miners,
4 boys, wounded.
lnspregnable, Rear-Admiral Milne, Captain Ed. Brace, C 8.-
1 Miter. 97 'gametal° marines, 2 boys, killed; 2 ()Mears, 111
opines, 21 marines* S. sappers and miners, 17 boys wouuded.
Superb, Charles Ifklns-2 OBicers, 3 seamen, •2 marines 1
!octet troop. Med ; 6 (A=Bo)2 seamen, 14 marines, a marine
titian, wounded.
Medan, William Patenon—S 'wanton; 9 marines, Med ;
116 seamen, 9 nod" wounded.

AlWon, John Criorie—t (Aiken!, 1 seaman, bilie,j; 2 otly.
10 seamen, 3 mariases, wounded.
Leander, Ed. Chetham, C. 8.-5 011i:ert,lt seamen,
killed; 8 Officers, 69 seamen, 45 marines, 471 It
"mrN
mersries, wounded.
Severn, Honourable T. W. Aylmer--2 seamen,
killed; 5 Oflietrs, 25 seamen, 3 marines, 1 b:ly, wounded.
VP's...ow. Honourable A. Nlaltland-9 seamen,) tr
killed ; 11 Officers, 25 seamen. 9 marines, 1 boy, 5e.).,04,11.
Grintirtu, W. F. Wl,e—S officers, Dimmer, t maitte.,
tire arid!, ry, 2 boys,l:llled ; 5 officers, St stamen, 3
1,,
locker t tor,r, i boy, woundee.
Hthrus, Edwit;tl P.lmer. C. 8.-1 officer, 3 +camel;
officer, 10 seamen, I marine. 2 ri.ritet iron.). 1 tiny,
•Hercn, Georyte Benthani—i-None killed or wounded, --"""•
Minim, James Mould—None killed or wounded.
Prometheus, W. B. Dashwoml —None kited or woosged.
Cordelia, W. Sargent--None kalcd or wounded.
Britomart, lt. Riddell—None or w.vinsled.
Felvd,ub, William Kempthorne—None killed or woeritsed.
Infernal, Hon. G. J. l'ereeval —I officer, l seiman, killed,
officers, k seamen, 1 marl. 2 artillery, 2 boys, wounded.
Heels, W. Popham—None killed or virotimletl.
Fury, C. R. Moorsorn—None killed or w0in,.1.4.
Total, 15 officers, 88 seamen, 19 marines, 1 mum,
1 rocket, troop, 4 boy., killed; 59 oilers, 4'9
tines, 5 marine artillery, 14 .appers and miners, 4 matt.
31 boss. 12 superriumeria:rit, wuttittleth
Total killed and wautitted, t etB killed, 690 wounded.
DUTCH SQUAbRVN.
Melampus,_ *ice-Admiral :damn Van Callello, Csptsti
Nair, 3 killed, 15 w•nritell.
Frederica, Captain Vander Stratens roan del.
1/agaraa4, C-ptain rollers —4 woi.V.e.!.
Csp,ani I.:enri4gel —6 Mlles!, 4.e wound.c.l.
Amster, Captain Vander Hart-4 k1L.1.7, 6 wort ;,led.
Eendracht, War,leyburg!l—:4l.!ot: it-111,4,r wgundsi
Total, IN killed, 3'2 wonnded. Grand total %Its
Flotilla, consisting of 5 zun-Llats-, 10 ovular-boat.,
8 rocket boats, Bits, 52 gun-boate, Large., a:kl
The whole eominanded by Captain I'. T. Nltchell, assisted'
lieutenant John Davies. u: t'te Queen Charlotte, and I,
"lhontas Revans,. Flag I..tetrenant to ReariAtlnural Mil.
Eastern".

A Return of the Officers killed and wounded in the
under Admiral Lord FentonTies command, in the ,
Algiers, August t 7, 1116.
Queen Cbarlotee. Wounded—Frederick J. Johlutee,,
nauf, dangerously f George M. King, Lieutenant, slightly,
Jago, Lieutenant, slightly ; Mr. Josh. Grimes, secreary
steamer in Chief, slightly ; Mr. Maxwell, beatewain,
Mr. George Markham, midshipman, severely ; Mr.
Campbell, midshipman, severely ; Mr. Edward tiiimett,,
shipman, severely; Mr. Edward ataoley, midshipman, ••
Mr. R. H. Baker, midshipman, s'ightly I Mr. Samuel
secretary's clerk, slightly; Captain F. Burton, Royal Mn,,
riflery, severely; Lieutenant P. Robertson, ituyal
slightly.
Impregnable. Killed—Mr. John Hawk*, tnidshtwem,
Wounded—Mr. G. N. Wesley, mate, CullitiailM; Mr. limy
Quinn, contusion.
Septa). Killeda-sMr.Thparas Howard, mate; Mr.
C. Bowen, midshipman. Wounded—Charles Ekies, '
rain, sligh. ly ; Pl. if I'. Hanle, tires Lieutenant, sever,
Ni'Dougalk Lieutenant, nightly; George IV. Gunnit
Lientenal,-, sty, rely; Mr. William Sweetiug,
Vert ly ; Mr. Joys li. Wulsely, midshipman, .lightly.
Minden. Wounded—Mr. Charles C. Dent, mate,
Mr. Charles G. Grtdi, midshipman, slightly.
Albion. Killed—Mr. Mend., Assistant-wirer/or t
dine, midshipman. Wour.ded—olvt Conde, Esq. Captain,
sevely ; Mr. Harvey, midshipman, severely.
Severn. Woniideir-e-Mr. James Foster, midshipman,
punted ; Mr. Charles Caley, midshipman, connised to
William 14.7! 3r, midshipman, wounded band and eunitision
Daniel Beatt.e, midshipman, contusion; Mr. W. A. Cadd,
shiemap, wounded knee.
I.eander. Killed—Captain Wilson, Royal Marines,
nun; taster, ltoyal Marines; Mr. Low.h.e, midshipman
Caithorpe, nt.dshilanan; Wei
Healy IVriker, Lieutenant, slightly; J.s. Dison, Lieu'
slightly; Mr. Ashinztnn, midshipman, severely; Mr.
shipmau, severely ; Mr. Nlayne, milshipann, severely ,
titurt, tuidsh,pman, severely ; Mr. Pickett, clerk, glide
Diren, midshipman, sightly.
Glasgow. Wimit;desl—P. Gilbert, .Lieutenant, co;
chest; Mr. Ruber: Fulton, Master, contusion of lace
A. Stephens, Lieutenant, Royal Marines, kg; Mr. Dunn,
abipman, severely; Mr. Harvey, Midshipman, severely;
rand, Midshirman, severely; Mr. iieathcute, Nbelshipmaa,,
foe:; Mr. Keay, Mitifqpnian, severely.
Granicus. Killed—William \L Morgan, lieetettar.t
'Marines; NVillian Retilrey, Lieutenant Royal Naar'
Robert Pratt, Midshipman.
Wonnded.-14. A. Pei 7,ios, Lieutenant, trghtly; .
shell, Midshipman, seveiely ; Mr. L. T. Jones, M
slightly ; Mr. G. R. Glenti.e, Nlidshipman, dat;ei
Dacres F. Wise; Midshipman, slightly.
I learns. Killed.—Mr. G. H. A. i'ocec‘e, Nlidshipnim
Wounded—Mr. A. S. Symes, Midshipman, lower
Infernal. Killed.—G. J. P. liissett, Lteutenamt iti
Artillery.
Wounded—John Foreman, Lieutenant, slightly;
henna., Boatswain, slightly; Mr. Morgan liepkites,
verely; Mr. James Barber, Midshipman, severely;
M. Cross, Midshipman, slightly; Mr. J. H. Andrews,
man, slightly. (Signed) Eat
11111011ANDUNII Of TIC DtSTRUC rION IN ?Ng sir
Ghat, 1Y Tat ATTACK OP TIC 27T1 AVOW
Four large Irigates, of 44 guns; Ave large careen
to 30 ; ail the gun and mortar boats, except seven ,
strayed; several merchant brigs and schooners; a great
of small vedette of various descriptions; all the pontoons,
&c. storehouses and arsenal, with all the timber and ear
rice articles, destroyed In part; a greet massy gun-carriaeck
car-beds, casks, anti ships' stores of all descriptions.
(Signed)
His Britannic Majesty's ship Queen
Algiers Bay, August £4,
Sin.—.tor your atrocities at Bona on
Christians, and your unbecoming disreg;
demands 1 made yesterday, in the name of
Regent of England, the fleet under my
given you a signal chastisement, by the .
truction of your navy, storehouses, and arsenal
half your batteries.
As England does not war for the destt

cities, I ant on wil:ing to visit your person:
up6n the inoffensive inl.abitants of the coat
I therefore offer you the same terms of peal
I conveyed to yon yesterday in my Soverei
without the acceptance of these terms, you
too peace with England.
If you receive this offer as yon ought
fine three guns ; and I shall consider your
this signal as a refusal, an shall renew
dons at my own conveni:nce.
I offer you the above terms, provided
British Consul, nor the Officers and men
seized by you front the boats of a British
have met with any cruel treatment, or any
flan slaves in your power; and I repeat in
that the Consul, and Officers and men, ma:
to me, conformable to ancient treaties.
T. Ins Highness the Der of, Algiers.
GENERAL MF.MORANDrM.
Queen Charlotte, Aiglers Day,
The Commander in Chief is happy to
fleet of the final termination of their strem
lions; by the signature of peace, .;oufirmed
salute of twentpeue guas, ea the following
4

ictate3 by
fut;.: Englano
,c:pera':''',: ttlaall'iltiLlarTb•iii.Aidsoddibouf
vtiono.7: forto :
toki,,
. 1 lb. Dap, to .whatever
Maris. saisertme.
-
4. , UL To deliver also,
nel I a 7. UN at sla• -
suss., . died
)1 at noon also to-sumo%
L. Wei; IV. Reparation • 11A,
"Gbicit lead be may 'satire sus:
V. The Dey has in..
Wed. yAbastirs and Oticep.
twins dictated by the
The Command•
asstled.
killed; si . of again returnini
• :‘• Captains, Officer.
Artillery, Royal 8
r ' Rocket Corps, for
s 106 it,
let ;Nit an them throw
vice ; and he is
it a public thank
Ntwili, , on for the signal
ence, during ti'
th between his
4. Aptiemiea of manic;
if
woundsk ' It is requested
t
c, the
' ''''`h% t'e be ltdasirak. Ca
1.411.4.
sseseedil Royals ippers and
Ilestalat aid rite Royal Roc
Nue e
toortg.
*dna . Sta.--I have th
1 Awes g rdships' infor, ~
Vilainite. N Brisbane with my
ght;i.s. ' that AdMiral Mil,
rf 10
.".-
IL ', oar;
~, of the originals.
Me. Hairy • *nod having let i
liatsaiosii; ,
"wt. be sailed.
1; col": Captain Brisba
Kula .I!.
a mar ,s for his exertions,
• Citified from him
lona—.
Mr. Hail will be able to id
Rs*
lthat 1 may hzve
fir'
Admiral Sir C
, Eiq. C. •
'?!.c11; Rs * take his share it
.44 a"
hipmas, i.. . I lament, as mac
•
4 services would ha
:es diritig I have the sail
Mr la: in the city of Alg
i
L:41P131/111. pity, are ethbark -
anomie. . ties, and 25,500
''''''i 144 signed to-morrow
:u%ioc; Idr: • dayus two.
,e,; um.. . , M. laden Is
I
?wait; Mr„... and will procred.
W°2"44 ''. Cow The Albi .
Lieurenee, 1 •
~.rt.:o:oilit:;:ammetta.r. ::,1. the
.Icmri7etphaltilnb:l, :
To J.*lCfeithil:,
tartly ; Itc. .
te amitase; s
Duttii, Mb *
,tdr:,.lVar.awthir;ctomiciir:timcmniwlgrmiiwor,yhi.oraa:ool;:urtyleetiklbsa.boe.",,,,...`,.iiAitLiufristetaolidlaiiprausiduroporteraltbitcerwltelhil:d;uoseraditastii!ethdeotiwtalit4oo,ijuil.,
enact Reis
urines; Ils' suMnight he ha.
MIA.. sit.
rvidstafel
~ laid in ashes th
seedy; A ' li represented t
.111pra*. • Sven at the at
t.,y, stekMar: ,
iir:;cvonictorsidety.
tut:
sane. , highest elevati
vita Dail prize and held
walslo.'_. martial fame n
id vsnoss.r,
recetitihvsehederdsriienanc
evened
ern Chatlaik
ISM
abolished
Mail fir
detest*/ for the ransom
eP fo
rlthdoetrati.):r Prises;`
';
Papers ti
.
on'sr4ratise:rrriag"zitdulnmtcact°rtyl:liu'oo,..,lvn.itivaodkl2::-c ',..lllllrille:d)::::uapaptittiioddculdrithhtuyatell.nyo°fln'ao6.Yirrryfeiti'ltae'..
ou can pair
..
h
irliivPisygnsoetci:.',iiibt'ictwtpyT:h I neitherosenoielcl°wviaackP tr Pk
i e Ihr
ew
0 ib I
ee d 1
.11 rill
g:t :1
•....•
tatthol4l4l:lll;iiittirtlisct)ivaintbCcelielditoClSralbdondaleUdahinSigietaiCiPilatlitihyt:loirSiDllti:lll::
e Journal J
my demmill ..
a sortned perso
I have, V. lively . .
sattsfac •
a:cueing' have been for
fi are in great •
r, August SO. .
is request h
a inform li London 0
bee.
enuousese• .
sued axial cannfide: be be
wing • coil' is the
