TO SE SOLD IST AUCTION,

On Monday. 1 ath indent. at tt o'clock lu the Forenoon, at the
London Inn, in Dover,
ABOUT so Tema of Salted Cod.Fifh ; about
el ewt. of Cods' Sounds, and Tongues • and One Barrel of
Oil, being the Cargo of the Breads Brig I'Amchards :
And immediately afterwards will be fold the faid Brig, about
ito Tens burthen, only Two Tears oid, with all her Materials;
in one Lot ; condemned; as Prise to the palmate lkip of WU Mary
of Policeftone, Robert °him Commander.
To be viewed by applying to the Prize Whiter on board, and In-
vent's...es bade, htc.Stsphen Poifold,jea. Folkeltone; and et Mr.
Thomas Pain, Dover.

For Balm, at the tholters' New Sale Itneet (late Mayeralrytheafe),
wenuter.itrert, Plymouth, on Friday, the ath November
bet. by Tea o'clock in the Forms,
TIig.GOOD BRIG L'AIMABLE VICTOIRE.
OMISSIONS.
Length aloft . 65 feet 6 inches
Breadth extreme - so s
Heighth betwata Decks •
. Depth In the Hold - 7
Adotealbres 107 084 NOB.
Square Am, figure Head, sa admirable pretty Vett of her
Asa, and appears to be Gateshead far the Nevrfoseldiand and Me.
&mama. Oporto, or the Fratit Truths ; L a said Wier, and
capable of melts' a proportionable Cargo equal to her Dimes-
Goes; the Hid sad lisegos am is fair Madden, wanting Ifttk to
their outfit. a prise captured by his Midelty's WP of war the
Acalta, commode! by jaraesOfwald, EN. on her voyage from
Martinique to Havre.
And lawless* wir he Add. the attire Cargo of the fed brig:
roll IMPORTATION.
S Mewed, of Ruin.
79 Hchibeldl Cl•Yed 1
t Do. undayed
p 'Germ claps! I.
I Do. unclayed Stem
es %r eels 'hayed
s Do. uselayed
s Hoglheeds
a Timm -
ss Bat - Cash
371 DIP
I 7 Bags of Coma Nuts 9 Cafes Syrups
s Do. Lora s Miry Net
se Cafes 14qoan.
FOR NOM! CIONIVIITTION.
t Bale Comes Wool z Band Peale
Barrel Floor s Bek•Casvel
Suedes of the Geode may be ferny days preview to the Sale,
at dlemederOfwald's, Efq. No. st, Deso-Areet Soho; or at Mr.
j. G. Easioalaty's, at the Bank Coffee-haute, Leedom ; at the
Nand* Rode of Edward L,yne, Efq. Amite& ; and at the
Brokers' 011 ice.
For viewlmß the Goods. and for Catalopteseed farther pare-
mdars, ply to the raid Edward Line, or to Thaw Losehyer,
Sworn Ikther.
sieriestre ef a aemileiAlWee steeesifehassa sod Ada, died
Am dm ISO Gnarl et eltelay at t•
Edward Lyn*, lA. will he Md. at the Brohere New Sale
Boma (hue Mayoralty Hash). WooMer-Real, Filament+, on
Friday, the esrh November loft. by 'ran .'Clerk le the Fore-
sees.
TH E FOLLOWING .GOODS,
aim asrouraTt•m.
149 =emu Broady.
36
sZ
Thad. I Red and *lke Win
lieglh
ss Cites Seep
A Iteseelty of lode Cm!,
Being pet of &e Cargo hado# from the !Weald:ldg Ordirres,
detailed by him Majdty's Alp of war the Attalla, ethehledid 67
/sem Ofivdd,
Samples et the haw maybe fan five days preolose to die Ade,
at Memoder Ofwahrs, Efq. No. p. Dom Area, Sabo; or at
Mr. J. G. Delfeelarre. at the Bank Cates-heat Landes; at the
Cowen-bode of the fad Edward Line, Heweets-rove. Pip
mouth. and at the arthees OfAce.

And ham**Ay 'Ronny& will be pet up by kb,
THE GOOD SHIP 2 A ANSTROOK
DlMlletolll.
Length ea Deck pi fact $ WACO
Amadei - - its 6
"Mph& between Decks 3 S
Depth le the Hold es 3
Ademeabres $54 7314 Tons.
Load Rae, whit esediset ilotoweodotioeift the olin, leer.
age, sad between brie. Me atairdiery now bold, which
telqthir Id& her IlitaMe repast so farther aim.
alio Ore that of bar Wig alleles/ lees (woke. where a Ihe
of prat berth's Easy be reperadoed LA Wileg on repikei the
wad& slavery fort stela espial 'sodden with the ball, which
ambers her to wowed to fes vetch ulliag ; takes et her
verge from Satyr= to Ma cedon% his 's Lip of war
the Mtwara:, soreatawkd by C. J. M. tiontlernatel
*wow.
a Decree et de MO Coo of t Admiralty, as s Mak to hie
Lsad to Mfr* perfaant so direddeas addrelled to Chef-
&Aar 'Maws, sad &award Liao, Big.
or Allivilli Oho Valid awl Goode, sod far lawswories. Cats
lagesk and ftwArergatkalers. apply to de Laid Meant Lyre, r
to Throw Lackyer, Swan Irrseer.

ler Sale at the Woken' New Sale Ram, se Noisy the MI of
Nommen int. after the Sole of the Nay Zawsibmia."
TH E GOOD BRIG LA PAIL
amestagois.
Lasids gait - yy 1m a balm
Illtiakb MIMIC - 112 3
Heigbdi between Deets 4 9 . •
Depth ih the Held 8 71
Adnanowee tit 9444 Tea..
DMA balk. rappelled at *ha North or Beath MAN a tom 1
pleat Van in the Beak w Oad Trails, alma as honk at on
any draft of Water. tie tioll Gad menials wen little latretatoo
taconite her to pawed oft 4 voyage teentadiody: tikes hen the
/.each Amebae. e• her
*an Cate ti Haim b his Ma.
}ear s
andlp et war die . osanseaded by llamas Imes,
Altafterwards will be GM. theaswinnoed yen if her cargo.
rem 1111411111•1111•11.
34 as Hans. girefes White W is
a K"Fesali dine 1311"/ • a Kai slitai
s Pieces • Ka Sweet oa
13$ Mall Mows Rai Ms* Pretense
W
IS) tiallaweas IN a Ditto Drum/
NM MOWN a Hien CnOtaildft • Swath Di
1 leal a Dag 'seek Cert.
AM allo ay Amur cis Cansidig_ of opprefferosit and alase
titan fan the its% Com Gennhainky. hinged be /sing

Lesbre. 1114, tea a areemerier.
1 retie arm*
4 KW Pier.
3:
lisine°ll.l4.lFiseee W
bibs t}e regsakkepert et Ur et doe bid big 4 Pais.
Per etreviay Me fret, es ti ise . catftracs. sod fut.
lbw renteebers. eAlyeie the bid Edmund Loderever sr TWIN
Loam Wars &taw.
lipaswirb. 04bir 29. 863.
