PARLIAMENTARY PIIOCEEDINGS.

THE ABSOLUTE REVERSION
Of TWO NINTH PARTS of
SIXTEEN THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED and SIXTY-
SIX POUNDS THIRTEEN SHILLINGS
and FOURPENCE,
_TRW ?E CBXT. aspeciew ANNUITIES.
TO SE SOLD BY AUCTION,
. By bk. ROBINS, .
(Of Warwick House, •ftegentutreit),
At Garraway's Coffee-house, 'Cltange-alley,
On Tneaaaav, the s3d day of February, 1821, at Twelve :pock,
ABSOLUTE REVERSION OF TWO
.A. NINTH PARTS of SIXTEEN THOUSAND SIX
HUNDRED AND SIXTY-SIX POUNDS THIRTEEN
SHILLINGS AND FOURPENCE, THREE PER CENT.,
REDUCED ANNUITI RS, standing in the names of three most
reespectabi. Gentlemen as Trustees, to pai, the Interest during the
e of a Lady aged afty.seven years, and divide the principal epos
her decease.
Particulars may be bad of John Morgan, Esq. Solidtor' No. 2,
Great James-street, Bedford-row; at Garraway's, and of Mr.
Robins, 170, Regent-street.

EALING, M UDLESEX,
Six Miles from Otford-street, ou the Uzbridgocoad,
UMA SOS of

TWENTY-FOUR ACRES.
Of excellent Gran Land, abounding With capital Brick Bank, and
highly advantageous for Bighting,
TO ISB SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick House, Regent-street).
At Gamway's Coffee-House, 'Change-alley, Cornhill,
On Tuoarwar, 113 d of Februart, IM, at Twelve o'Clock,
IN THEE LOTS,
VALUABLE FREEHOLD ESTATES, LAND-
TAX REDEEMED,

Advantageously situate for &sliding&
At EALING, in the County of MIDDLESEX,
Most delightful schwa for Building, and abounding with capital
Heidi Kara.
Jun 1. A capital PLOT of MEADOW LAND, containing,
upwards of
ELEVEN ACRES AND A HALF,
Part of the Ealing Grove Estate, occupying a considerable frontage
to Guy Lane, an highly advantageous vitiation for the Erection of
one or more Villas, commanding s view into the County of Surrey,
and communicating with the Village of Ealing, by a newly pro-
jected Occupation Road.
Lot 2. A PLOT of MEADOW LAND and Garden Grmind,
partly walled, containing upwards of

TWO ACRES AND A HALF,
abetting oa the abuse New Occupation Road, and contiguous to
Lot One.
Lot 3. An ENCLOSURE called RIDDING/S, of 'capital
Meadow Land, on the Road from Ealing, to Castle Bear Hill,
contalnitig upiards of
TEN ACRES,

Of excellent Meadow Land, with a considerable frontage to the
Road, and bounded on the Rost, North, and West, by General
WetheraWs Lands.
To be viewed, by applylnuto John Luck, at Ealing Grove; of
whom Particulars may be bad of Messrs. Flailgate, Young, and
Jackson, Solicitors, Rutz-street. Strind ; the Cassie, Seibold
Feathers, Ealing; at Ourawayl; and of Mr. Robins, H 6. 171,
Regent-street ; where a Plan of the Estate may be seen.

CHURCH PREFERMENT, KENT.
Twelve Miles fronr.LonJen, ea the Maidetkon Read.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, , •
By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick Home, Regent-street), _
At Garraway's Care-House, 'Chanp-ailey, Coinki&
On TSURSDAY, tb• itScl February, Ma, at Twelve o'clock,
THE NEXT • PRESENTATION to the. Veloabte
RECTORY of NORTH CRAY,
Near fluky and Dartford, in the Comity of Kent,
With the OREM, and 1PLA1,.14 TY fHES of the whole Famish,
otthileit nearly
ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED ACRES,
INlth as /facelleilt Oalad !kitten' Residence; Briek-lwrilt, with
aim kr- ploned Bar eke aocearmodatitia of a Geruleaeaa's
=,..itiknolled Garda, Pleasure Orriondoad 014. Load,
ante.
TH lETI-TH ERB A CEA&
The whole worth between -
TOUR AND TINE HUNDRED POUNDS
PER ANNUM.

4

HOUSE OF LORDS, FISIVA SY 17i
•
The Marquis If HERTFORD presented a Petition from Lb*
Inhabitant, of Coventry praying their Lordships to take some
measures for the Abolition of Slavery.
The Earl of TA NKERVILLE presented a similar Petition
from the Mayor, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the town of
Berwick-oposs-Tweed.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL moved that there be laid before
their Lordships an Account of the comber of Banks established ie
Scotland, distinguishing those that were chartered and specifying
the number of partners in such as were not chartered.
Mr. CRATTSR, from the Treasury, presented the said Accounts,'
which were laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
The Earl of I LCHESTER presented a Petition front a town
in Somersetshire, against the importation of foreign leather.
The Maggots of H ERTFORP presented a Petition from cur-
tail inhabitants of Coventry, against the Importation of (*feign
ribbands..
Earl GROSVENOR presented a Petition from the Manufac-
turers and other inhabitants of the town of Yeovil, in Somerset-
shire, praying their Lordships not to permit the importation of
foreign leather. Although his Lordship did . not coincide in the
prayer of the Pedtton, he felt that the &wen* their Lordships'
Howe amid beeliewasit open termites the Peddems and inquisso
Into the grievances of any pbniols of hit Ma,''llBa subjects ; asd ft
was More peculiaily inputnient mien iht4r Loalsilpitto eve entail
facUity to all applications, is the forms 4'th' ether Hiuse.of Par.
Kaman were attemled with more expense anittillieulty then Pet,-
dopers were subject to in that House. His Lordship thought chi*
a free trade would be Most conducive to tise.prospetity of the courf-
try, and he was sure that the manufacterers of glover in this coun-
try and in Ireland have nothing to fear front foreign. competitian:
It was well known that in the sister country, particularly in Lime.
rick, gloves were manufactured of a superior quality to any that
could be imported ; and his Lordship hoped that every encourage.
aunt would be given to this manufacture by the English Ladies,whi
had it in their power to protect this branch of industry.—The Pe-
tition was then laid on the table.

Lord KING preseniedaietition from 1000 inhabitant,. of
Leicester and its vicinity, praying an alteration in the Corn LaWs.
His Lordship could not better denominate those regulations than by
calling them the job of jobs. By those law* the poor noose was deprived
of one day's labour in the week for the benefit of landlords. The
price of food was raised one.sizth, and by this high price a tax was
imposed upon that portion of the community who were least able
to him It. It was too much to expect that the poor man should
contribute one day's labour in the week to the support of suck a
system.—LatSon the table.
Lord TEY NH A M presented a Petition front Richard Stafford
Cooke, praying their Lordship. to make some alterations in the
minutes of their' Lirdskips' proseidlop upon his claim foe the
Stafford Peerage.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE said the Padden wasAleite irre-
gulir ; and, after an oltorraden from the Bold. Isfrrinvecms
the Petition was witledters.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE, maw the AM Lard of the
Treasury In Ids glace, wiehed to in& a ansesenen wile was the
subject .1-sass observations oldie wallop Selnieltat appeared
that Gipretnenent bedrevalbed epee the Elaked Inglend Myer.
dose Exchequer Santo the amount of Irk with an WI.
dental:4ln, that bilidisters would Parliament 10
early payment of the Inebeleorte dintemsiont, for the purpose of
relieving the Batik from say insmeresisons arida& out of those
purchases.. It WAS the int Instance oft he bledwbish he ever beard
of In Paganism., and hie Lordship very aneb doubted whether it
was legal. It was-true that in the yam ITN sad 1794 the Bask
had diseountid foreign bills toe large amount, hot that was not at
all analogous to the presest case. ills rindlablip then moved for
Copies of the Correepeadenee between the Oomenment and the
Baal of England, relatlog to the purchase of IltmAtiner Mills, 90
also copies of all correspondence -between any Offrornamenfinpe
the' yearNIVII and the Bank eireir dinner ashlers. Tbet-IfdfAi
Eirt (Liierpool) might laugh at the idea of producing so volumi-
nous a correspondence, but he believed there was no necemity foe
any such.apprehession, as it woad be fraud that ne soch_case had
occurred, and It was for the impose of atiblield!tg that fat his
Lordship made the motion.
The Rah of LIVERPOOL had no objection to the first part of
the Noble Earl's motion, and with respect to the second, he doubt.
eel very Muth whether there was any such correspondence upon
the books.—Ordered.

BULLION.

• Lord KING wished to ask the Noble Earl at the head of the
Treasury we qiestion—whether, as there was such a facility as
coining hellion into sovereigns in forty-eight hours, the Mint might
not give sovereigns in exchange for gold; as the object appeased to
be toles:ease the circulation, hie Lordship thought this would be
the most expeditious course, sod one advantageous to individuals.
The Earl 6f LIVERPOOL could awt see the necessity of chang-
ing the present practice. Any quantity of bullion might he con-
verted into Sovereigns at the Mint In a very short tillte.awd be must
say the conduct of the Mims of that establishment-had bees most
praiseworthy. They were always ready to attend to any applica-
tions made to them, and the public bad a right to demand of the
Mint a coinage of bullion into sovereigns.
Dud KING could not see why the Bank would not convert
bullion into a circulating coin, particularly when gold was below
the Mint price, and when they must have a co able profit by
such a practice. •
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said the Bank could not be precast-
ed from buying gold even at a disadvantage; but his Lordship did
not think they were likely to act in that way, nee to keep a greater
hoard of gold in their coffers than was necessary.
Lord KING thought that the Bank keeping too large a trea-
sure in limes of distress contributed to the dassities of the century.

The Marquis of LA W NSDO WN would not trouble their Lord-
ships with any observations upon the important subjeit of the fol.
lowing Petition., but hoped *heir Lordships would soon take mote
measures for the Abolition of Slavery. The Noble Marquis then
presented a redden from a body of Protestant Dissenting Minis-
ters, residing in the cities of Westminster and London; another
from the inhabitants of Warminster, in Wiltshire ; another frees
NOW Mahon ; and another from the Mayor, Burgesses, aud inha-
bitants of Chippenhain ; and one from Swansea—all praying for
the Abolition of Slavery.

Lord CALTHORPE foie Petitions similar in their
object to those presented by ti.e Noble Marquis, and
his Lordship could not abstain from making a few re-
marks. Those Petitions did not proceed from unseen
or doubtful characters, .but they were the result of a
deep conviction-upon the part of the Petitioners that
slavery was 'inconsistent with the bust interests of the
Colonies as much as of this Country. Wheu his Lord-
ship saw the manner in which the proceedings of Go-
veroment and 'of Parliament respecting the Slave Trade
were received in the West India Colonies, he entertained
it strong hope that the present Session of Parliament
would not pass without h:s seeing a substantive measure,
IntrodOced either by his Majesty's Ministers, or soot
Peer better qualified than himself, to ameliorate die
condition of the Slaves in. our Colonies. When he coo.,
ililered the respectability of the Petitioners, and that
their resolutions were fortified by this voice of the people
front all sides of the Country, his Lordship felt cone •
illentthat Parliament would reflect seriously upon this
subject, and take it into their early consishaation. Thole
Petitions represent a mass of upright generous Engli •
feetiog, 'sad deep would be powerful. mirAisries to their
apposses dpwo that 'effects:Hy spirit in which the
of Owatonna sod the Acts of Puilament bad bails
'wed simeet rejected *by lipies issithistat Assimbiles to the Win
(ddisks he' hoped !fink takehips would. cabs steps toes teem them
Tim but.jsesios sad bums-
the more suspect. Their
pledges from
, Pellt
esuisetr►
es
imesseity. His
Petitions— Prom the lobe
• tags West Brom-

PER AN N 1174 L • • Wassities. Tihr Petitioners lab nointerceibui
•
The Pretest Incumbent in. the Surging 'one of Ilk er. site. and moil; es that,winia& ssitlikik to t4o so
Fortissimo Mesere.isetpo Orees, Pemberton and Deawley, delititent .14entishipe ineeld;he hoper recces those Nettie
imp.imp.e, rlost i at hlr. Alai., lot et the Jeilriml: doe pee** of "cordial eii .iitinit in itti cause I
Ogee, gig 4 1 the Olge, it the 04ntbridp. Chrestiele,-,CentbrWp,; Leirdship then preheat *,Mistribs liii Wee
4 tirn'nway's ; ana e Ur. Ittkiner No. 170,11qm-street. btuditA of thiEley I 414shiptilinailt. ;
. . vii :....111 •iret 11—'1 • .'• ,a,...ri ; •
