ON THE IMPROVEMENT IN THE APPLICATION OF

MECHANICAL POWER.
A very crowded public meeting was held last night in the Theatre
known as the Sans Solid, in Leicester.place, to consider of the best
means of applying machinery to the benefit of the country. The
meeting was called by Mr. Owen, who, after a short introduction,
laid down the following propositions relative to the use and abuse of
machinery. Its use was to diminish the necessity of unhealthy and
disagreeable manual labour; to diffuse wealth more equally among all
ranks, and throughout all nations ; and lastly, to supply the means
when they should be rightly directed, to remove poverty, or the fear of
it, and ignorance, of the possibility of its return, from among all peo-
ple. Its abase was to create a greater necessity, through the poverty
which it seassioned among the working classes, for an increase of un-
healthy and disagreeable labour on the part of those who previously
bed too moth of it—to apply this power without economy or foresight,
to emote a Imp aamantatf ageless production, thus called wealth, and
old* to hid the stmodime "mitt' of the few. To apply it as now di-
mai anise the 'poem of Mievidwai competition, to reduce the facul-
ties of the working thecae, the imedams of all wealth, to the lowest
possible point of value that wasM existents in the most wretched
form. lastly to support the by emoinually increasing
the advantages of the few at the mew of the melon and the hsppi-
nes, of the many. Mr. Owes preeseded ee drove, that hitherto the
abuse of machinery was the only this knows, bat he hoped that the
day was not far distant when it would nub* parr us. In order to
effect this change, he proposed that coneessises ahead be made by both
parties; the non-producers should invest the working classes with capi-
tal and machinery. As an equivalent for this conesseiso es the pan of
the non-producers, the working classes should submit to a voluntary
servitude, and give to the former nine-tenths of their produce.
The following is the substance of Mr. Owen's plans t
Upon the present occasion we meet to consider the best practical mode
of changing, in the shortest time, the present wretched condition of
mankind, which is the result of fundamental errors, for a rational sys-
tem of society,Vounded upon principles deduced from facts—a system
in which truth shall be substitutal for falsehood ; in which certainty
shall take the place of loose conjecture ; and under which ignorance,
poverty, and misery, shall be exchanged for knowledge, wealth, and
happiness. While vice and crime, except as matter of history, shall be
utterly unknown.
All who reflect, are now anxious to ascertain the Clete of the daily
growing poverty of the industrious classes in the present improved state
of the arts and sciences ; and with the continually increasing means of
production for the whole population, over their consumption. They are
desirous of knowing if the cause is permanent and unchangeable ; or it;
by human means, it be practicable to remove it; and, if removable by
human means, what measures must be adopted to effect the change.
And first—as to the cause which increases poverty among the producing
classes, in proportion as they increase the power of scientific or artificial
productions, or ea they add to the means of creating a superfluity of
wealth.

This cause must now be obvious to every intelligent, reflecting, practical
man. All the wealth of the industrious classes proceeds directly front
their labour, manual or mental ; a general want of knowledge, among
the population of the world, has made human labour a direct article of
commerce, and subject to the same fluctuations in ha value, as every
other purchasable commodity. The value of labour, therefore, tinder
the present irrational state of society, depends upon the demand for it,
in the market of labour ; and upon the amount of supply to meet that
demand. Previous to the Invention of labour-saving, unconauming,
machines, labour was always of much comparative value ; because
every pair of hands which came into the market, brought with them a
demand for food, clothes, houses, furniture, &e. amounting nearly to
what their labour would produce. The demand for, and supply of, hu-
man labour, were therefore commensurate with each othtr, innerly ves,un.
der every increase of the population ; and the industrious classes who were
not slaves, were generally well supplied with the necessaries—and many
of them with the comforts of life. But, as mankind advanced in a know.
ledge of the arts and sciences, a new species of power for producing was
discovered and introduced. This new power of production, without
consuming in the same proportion is human beings consume, has ad.
vanced, of late years, at a continually increasing ratio. This new
power has been already so multiplied, that 'outman labour of all kinds
is in great excess in the market over the demand for it : and the labour
of the most industrious is not worth in the market of labour, as much
as will supply a family of average numons with the necessaries of life.
But the increase of the new scientific power of production—or as some
call it. labour saving, unconsurninA machinery—is daily advancing ;
and to its progress there is no assignable limit, nor ought there to be
any ; for whenever its real use shall be understood, and properly tip-
, plied, it will become a Ood.like power, to relieve man front ail unplea-
sant labour, from waist, or the fear of poverty. At present, however,
this new artificial power is. from ignorance, allowed to proceed in direct
Icompetitian with manual labour ; and experience proves that human
beings amen eentend successfully against this overwhelming compe-
titor. It is, therefore, obvious to all who dispassionately consider the
present state of society in Great Britain and Ireland, and also in other
parts of the world. that it is the increase of labour-saving, unmanning
machinery, in competition with manual labour, that now, amidst a en.
peelluity of all things, affects the industrious classes with poverty;
flaring thus expWaed the cause of the present abitrees, smug the
industrious classes in this and in other countries, while plenty eiders
around them in tantalising profusion, 1 proceed to inquire if the cause
which now overwhelms the industrious classes with eery, is perms.
rent and unchangeable, or progressive. After ersnM ing this subject,
ie every point of view in which It has yet presented itself to my 112 i 'A, I
am compelled to say, that the great mute of the poverty of Ilia tier in.
destsiess Johannes in the eivilimed world, is. node, the present trams
of society, sot permansot ; but that it Is daily advancing in power, and

extending its influence; and that no expedient hitherto produced, or
that can possibly be devised, while human labour shall continue an
article of sale, will prevent that poverty continually increasing. It is
useless, therefore, longer to tantalise the industrious classes with helms
of relief from any scheme that has been proposed by politicians and legis-
latora; or from any that they may hereafter propose, so long as manual
labour shall be made an article of commerce, in competition with labour
saving machinery. Ivey expedient that has been suggested as a
panacea, would, if adopted, probably afford some temporary relief; but
it would be obtained at the expense (after a short period) of an increas-
to the existing evils. These, my friends, arc no ordinary times in
which we live. The day Ls probably near at ind, when all that is good,
or evil, in human nature, will be called into full action,—when ig .
norance, bigotry, and despotic sway, shall again overwhelm the
more advanced nations in dvllixation ; Of wi,,es intelligence, charity, and
kindness, and laws meaning stud rights and condition to the human
race, shall govern the wodd. This tire is no; only near at hand, but
it may be said that it is Mlle f and that the period is arrived when the
practical wisdom, and the moral courage, of all men, shall be put to
the test. Although the cause of poverty, which row so sorely afflicts
the industrious classes, is not even permanent, but pnwessively increas.
lag under the present practices of the world —yet, weler another state
of society, it is practicable to remove this cause of peverty ; and to
make the cause itself the source of inexhaustible riches. And if tee:
change in the condition of society can be made, '4lll it not be effected,
to prevent the great mass of the people from auTering the lowest stage
of poverty and wretchedness ?
These are but two modes that I can discover, by width this perma-
nently increasing cause of poverty, and its irtnmierahle attendant esi!:;,
can be changed in its direction • and made, test-ed of a Curse to the in-
dustrious part of the population, the greatest of blesttings to all doges.
Both modes presuppose a new organisation of society ; and without
which no permanent relief can be obtained. The fir*: mode—ned that
most easy of attainment, is an enlightened servitude, arising front a tre-
aty wade, and thoroughly understood, between Me prolucing an .1 no.. .
producing clams, the former agreeing, as they 'night agree, and I,ily
perform, their en t.—to create in quantity, or irtrinsic valu ten
times the amount of wealth that 'snow produced int-heat Britain ate! :.re.
land, that in returnfor it, they shall he supplied out. of this cnortnou = in.
crease of wealth, with a sufficiency of good wholesome food, eufficieu
houme and clothes, an education for their children, and medicine a cal
medical advice when ill. These they would require, because the
bourn is worthy of his hire • and because, except the education for their
children, these are all secured, by law, to the slaves in the West Indite,:
and because the white labourers in this country perform two or three
times more work than the coloured slaves do, in the West Indic:.
I imagine that would be an excellent arrangement for both
parties ; for each would be great gainers by the bargain. The pro.
ducers might, by this arrangement, be easily relieved from their great
enem and opponent, labour-saving machinery ; for, by a proper
standingunder-
with the non-producers, this power might be directed to aid the
producers, to create an unlimited amount of wealth ; which might he
stored in extensive granaries and warehouses, for the use, when required,
of the non.produccrs. It is true, the latter might, in a very few years,
be overwhelmed with the quantity of real wealth at their disposal ; but
the producers could, with the aid of the labour-saving machines, build
more store-houses, and create more wealth ; until every one of the non.
producers shall say," We have enough to spare s we have sufficient in our
granaries, and warehouses, and mons, of every thing we can rationally
or irrationally require, for many years to come." Then there would be
nose to rob the non-producers, or to steal from them any pert of this
inexhaustible wealth—inexhaustible because more would be annually

created, in addition to the immense stares in the granaries and ware-
bouses—much more than could be used or required; unless it wite
consumed by fire, or floated down the rivers, for the use of some other
animals- Thus there would be an endless creation of wealth fur the
non-producers, without fear, dread, or opposition from the producers;
who, having one-tenth part of the quantities, would also have a full
supply, and to spare, of all they could desire; and when ill. every care
would be taken of them. There would be no motive to any contest be-
tween the parties ; for the children of the present producers would by
producers like their parents, and never would expect to become non-
producers, except from accident, sickness, or age; in all which cases
they would be amply provided for by their class, because there would be
a superfluity of every thing they could require. The only evil to guard
against would be, to prevent any of the produce' becoming non.
producers. But this would be easily erected • fur, if I am not very
much mistaken, the lives of the producers, uncle; this improved order of
society, would be equally, if not more, desirable than their masters.
The producer would have sufficient employment to keep him In
health and activity, to enable him to enjoy his food, rest, and recre-
ation, and all his faculties of every kind.
With my experience of human existence,l would, under this arrange-
sent, prefer be a producer, rather than remain a non-producer. I
would give the preference to the producing classes, because of the useful
regular exercise, of all the faculties, that would be called into action.
It is very probable, too, that, in a few generations, the non-producers
would breed out, or desire to become producers; and then, when the
lest survivor of the non-producing class should die, or become producer,the producing class would be relieved front the slavery of providing so
large a surplus of wealth for another class, who never produced any-
thing, or in any way added to their comfort. A volume might easily
be filled with the real advantages that the producer, and non-producer.
under this system, would enjoy, over the existing ;retched condition of
both; bus it will take up too much of your time now to prated further
with this part of the subject ; the outline will be easily filled up by
your own imagination. Let the unproductive class supply the produc-
tive with the land and capital requisi•e ; and there will be no difficulty
whatever in soon creating ten fold more intrinsic wealth than
now exists.

The other remedy presupposes more knowledge in society, than the
march of mind—as it is termed--has, I fear, yet produced ; and in
such case, it will be premature for immediate practice. This
remedy requires an entire change of all the false notions, respect.
law man and society ; for true principles. relative to both.
Whthis change can be effected, an enlightened system of equality
may be established, in which all the powers of man and science might
be employed, to produce the most beneficial results for all. This is
that state of society which has been foreseen and anticipated, by the
most intelligent of the ancients, who have studied human nature, and
human society. Previous, however, to its attainment, a is neces-
sary that two important sciences should be generally known and ac-
knowledged. These are the sciences of the laws of human nature,
and the science of society.
The first of these sciences is necessary to improve the character of
the individual; the second, to unite him in a rational manner with the
whole of his fellows, and to promote, on a solid and immoveable foun-
dation, the general interest and happiness of the human race. The
outlines of these sciences have been discovered, and it remains only that
these outlines be well understood, and be filled up with care end ac-
curacy, and that the knowledge of them should be generally diffused
throughout society. The former condition of the pret!tteent and ron-
reducers which has been described, is, perhaps, necessary as a pre-
liminary state to enable all to obtain sufficient leisure and good feel.
ing, by being relieved from the dire effects of competition to acquire
this knowledge, and to permit it to be generally diffused, as well as
to prepare all for the superior condition which the state of
enlightened equality will produce. It must now be evident to
all who have say praetkal knowledge of the present state of go-
ciety, that the condition of free producers in ampetition with
labour saving unconsuming machinery, is fast approaching a pe-
riod when its longer continuance will rot be endured. I fear, how-
ever, that the producers and non-produce,., have much know.
ledge of a superiot character yet to acquire, before they will be enabkd
to understand the principles on which alone the practice of an enlightened
equality can be established. This is too perfect a condition of human
fife for men trained in the present system of mysterious ignorance, to
suppose practicable. But as competition between manual labour, aml
labour-saving unconsuming machinery, is at an end, it is certainly no
longer practicable, consistent with humanity and the tranquillity cf so.
day, to continue the existing system. Nothing therefore remains but
the adoption, for a time at least, of an arrangement upon the principles
first described, and I earnestly recommend all parties to turn their at.
tendon to this new state of society, that it may be commenced with-
out delay.
The reasons for its adoption are innumetabk, and many of them are
urgent. The two great wants under the existing system, are, a want of
knowledge and a want of wealth. The aristocracy, in its legislative ca.
peaty, from the want of a rational education, and a consequent knew.
ledge of human nature, has continually made lawitO prevent the attain.
ment of knowledge and the creation of wealth.
The professions fain the same cause, each in its own partment, are
also direct obstacles in the way if attaining knowledge and wealth .The
producers or industrious classes, are also placed under circumstances so
extremely unfavourable, that they cannot acquire knowledge or wealth,
except in a very limited degree; in fact in most caws they are feectd
to be the recipients of mysterious absurdities, instead of being placed
under favourable circumstance to acquire useful and valuable knots.
ledge; and they also forced to support themselves in life, to produce
that which is useless or injurioue, instead of reel wealth. Thus through
ignorance, are all claws essentially injured. and none are truly benefitted.
But under the system described for the till activity of the faculties of
the producers, real, useful, and valuable knowledge will be easily se-
quircd, and wealth will be created in the greatest superfiuity, with bait
the present manual or mental labour of the producers. The time and
labour now employed by the priesthood to destroy the most useful. ra-
tional, and valuable faculties of the human race, will be unneeessary fee
the producers, under the new cinuantaness in which they will be=
will become, atthota any exception, moral in their conduct,
to the non-producers, without the loss Odom mid capital created by the
prtsathood and church.
The time and labour et chase now anglayed In the town, to confound
all ideas of right and sal so seat de pehotheed in further de-
stroying the useful and beekkief thipalltd, will be equally es.
necessary, foe there will boo snob tied valid Maud, that no one in
the new condition in will& isa=azialpaZistibUlmehee, will am-
lend about any smell Gems of kip sod she very
superior education Atli de peednem will 1111b‘ inn prevent the
saturate of any bed or tidy faddy as sag tehole pepoladoe
The time and lama it the physisiens, and of I bevy Imp portion of
these engaged la the medial pudessien, trill be Study neneemary.

The knowledge of.anatomy and physiology, with the means of pre-
serving health, which all will acquire from childhood. will make every
man his own physician, and under artificial remedies for health, almost,
if tot altogether, unnecessary. And the language of common sense
will be used relative to medicine and health, as it will be in every other
department of life.
The time and labour now employed in the military and naval profes-
to prevent mankind acquiring knowledge or wealth, but to de.
%troy both, and to assist the priesthood and lawyers in confounding and
rendering useless- the most valuable faculties of the human race, and in
keeping the lower in obedience to the upper classes, will also become
unnecessary; the superior system for producing a superfluity of wealth
for all, will remove every cause of disobedience to the powers that be,
and all opposition to their full enjoyment of the good things of this
w..rld. . .

flie legislators, the priests. the lawyers, the physicians, soldiers, and
military. seders. mar all be allowed a perpetual holiday; for it will be
an incalculable gain .m
the producers to support them in idleness rather
that, they should be employed as they all have been, and as they now
are. to the injury of their own dispositions and minds, and to the
utter destruction of every thing truly rational throughout society. All
that the producers require of them in return, is, that they, the producers,
still be permitted to acquire as much knowledge, and to create as much
wealth for the now-producers, as they can consistently with their own
health and reasonable comfort. And of this amount, retaining one-
tenth only for their own use, for I have no doubt that the producers,
after due reflection, will agree to give the non producers nine-tenths of
they create, and be themselves content with the remaining tenth.
Some of you may imagine 1 am not serious in making these proposals,
hut. I :assure you that it is my most conscientious opinion, that the in..
dustrious classes would be benefited beyond all calculation by this ar-
rangement, and that the upper or non-producing classes would also be
Ai, a situation greatly superior to their present condition, inas-
much as the system of deception and coercion, which they are
now obliged to practise, would be unnecessary. They might
also employ their time and talents In matters really useful and
beneficial to themselves and society, and thus secure much higher
enjoyment than by spending their nights in Parliament, or in preaching
or praying, or in confounding each other and the public by continually
repeating, in the Courts of Law, a jargon unintelligible to common
sense, which they are now obliged to do in part for form's sake, and
more especially to perplex the understandings of the people, to preserve
the present system among a sufficient number to support its continuance
in any manner.
I therefore propose for your consideration the following resolutions,
s.nd if you adopt them, as I hope you will unanimously, I trust you
will address his Majesty, and petition both Houses of the new Parlia-
ment, in accordance with them.
'file first resolution which I propose for your consideration is—
I. That the desire to be permitted to acquire knowledge for our-
selves, and to be allowed the means of creating a large amount for
the upper classes and non-producers, and a small amount of wealth for
ourselves, say one-tenth of the former.
2. That the present occupations among the upper classes, and the
direct competition of the labour-saving unconsuming machinery with
our labour, are now the obstacles which prevent us from acquiring
knowledge and creating wealth, except in the mist limited degree, and
under the most wretched circumstances. _ _

3. That we know of no means of changing this most lamentable state
of human existence, except by an enlightened equality of condition, ac.
cordjng to age, or a voluntary system of production by which the work.
ing classes ahall, upon being supplied with land and capital, give to the
non-producers ; who, without contest, shall receive nine-tenths of all the
wealth annually created.
4. That the meeting is of opinion that there is not yet sufficient
knowledge among mankind, or freedom from early mysterious notions
and old established habits, for either the producers, or the non-pro-
diteers, now to adopt a voluntary system of equality of education and
cond:non.

b. l'hat the Meeting is of opinion that the second mode of voluntary
production is the mode suited to the present degraded state of the
human intellect, and to the present wretched habits and practice of
mankind.

6. That therefore this meeting will address his Majesty and petition
both houses of Parliament in conformity witir the above resolutions, in
the hope that these all-important subjects may undergo a fair, full,
:.red dispassionate investigation by the Cabinet, and the new Par.
1 iarnen t.
ADDRtSS TO HIS MAJESTY.
Staa,—We congratulate you on your accession to the throne of these
dominions, and sincerely desire that you may be more fortunate and
prosperous as a sovereign and a man, and more beneficial to these realms
than any of your predecessors. We sincerely desire health and happiness
to her Majesty Queen Adelaide, and that she may possess wisdom and
strenNit of mind and inclivation to aid your Majesty in her station to ob..
twin the amelioration in the condition of your subjects,which the new and
xtraurdinary changes effected by the progress of knowledge, now
renders necessary, to save a large portion of them from the dire ealami.
tits of poverty and crime, and a small portion of them from the evils inse.
parable from an excess of wealth. We, therefore, now implore your Ma.
jesty to permit the people of these realms to form improvements in their
condition to enable them to acgtiire real knowledge, useful to themselves
and others and to create a superfluity of all kinds of wealth for your Ma.
esty, and the upper classes of society, and the reasonable necessaries and
com.forts of life for ourselves and our children. We are prepared to sub.
mit the practical means of producing this change among your subjects,
without creating evil to one of them to the examination and severe)
scrutiny of the imperial Parliament of these dominions; we therefore
earnestly entreat your Majesty to recommend to the new Imperial
Parliament about to commence its proceedings, that this "all-important,
'
and now most necessary subject should be the first to occupy their
deliberation ; and that it may be calmly and maturely considered, with.
out passion or prejudice, for or against any portion of the population
your Majesty's witkly-extended.dominions.
We conclude by assuring your Majesty that we have no sinister
views in preparing this address that we have no desire to see the peace
of these realms disturbed ; nor have we any other wish, than to promote
the good of the people, and the happiness of your Majesty, and that of
her .tlajesty Queen Adelaide. .

PETITION TO BOTH HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT.
HUMBLY SIIEWETH,

That you petitioners deeply deplore the wretched condition to which
the working classes have been reduced by a continued diminution in the
value of their labour. arising from an overwhelming competition with
labour-saving unconsuming machinery. That under the existing ar-
rangement of society, in which human labour, consequently human hap-
pitnss, is made an article of fluctuating value, and liable to an increased
competition from scientific improvement which adds to productive power,
your Petitioners can discover no limit to the oppression and slavery
which this system, so long as it be permitted to remain. will unavoidably
inflict on all, wit:derive their support from manual labour, or from
their mental exertions.
IThat your Petitioners blame no parties for the present evils which
esilat In society ; they are conscious that they have arisen from the natu-
ral progress of events, and that the remedy must arise front the same source;
that, is from the increase of human knowledge derived from experitmce.
That this experience now makes it evident to you petitioners that a
change in the organization of society is unavoidable ; the necessity for
it arising front the rapid increase of labour-saving unconsuming ma.
chin ery. That your petitioners believe that a new organization of society
may now be made without creating any confusion or inconvenience loony
portion of the community, ot: a single individual. That the experience of
the pain, with the ample means of production now at the controul of the
population of Great Britain, at home and abroad, are sufficient to ena-
ble the Government, and the people acting in unison, to re-organise Go-
oey upon principles derived from undisputed facts, by which the most
esseinial improvements will be obtained and secured in producing and
unttibuting wealth, and in educating the productive classes, was to render
the most effectual aid to the executive in governing the country with
satislaetion to all parties:
That your petitioners are prepared to explain the means by which
this desirable object may he quietly and most beneficially effected ; the
new arrangements to be proposed, Wee the introduction of the labour
unconsuming machinery, silently rendering the old unnecessary.
will likewise gradually and almost imperceptibly eupercede the necessity
for continuing the exulting arrangements of production, distribution,
and education; and by which change a great diminution in the national
expenditure will be effected, and, with the same capital and labour, a
Legge positive increase will be made to the natienal wealth. That, in
consequence of this increase to the national wealth, It will be unneces-
sary that any class of persons should be reduced in their income, or
placed in a worse situation, than they are now, under the existing
system.
That your petitiouers,if permitted,will develop the means to your Right
Honourable House, by which the producing class shall create such an in-
crease of wealth of the highest intrinsic value, that they will be content
with the one-tenth of the quantity for their proportion of is, and will be
willing to allow thy other nine-tenths to be divided between the landlord
for rent, the capitalists for interest, and the government to conduct the
business of the nation, including full payment to the priesthood, the
lawyers, the army and navy, and the Physicians;—the producers, after
a time to be fixed upon, will also undertake to provide for all the poor
of their own class.—That all the means now exist in the greatest shun-
dance to effect this beneficial change without loss of time, and thus to
relieve the industrous classes from the Continual tear of perishing for
want, under which they now labour, and from being compelled, hope-
lessly, to exert all their faculties in competition with the laboursaving
unconsuming machinery.
That your petitioners therefore Itrityattlat your Right Honour-
able House will appoint a Committee to investigite these subjects
fully and fairly, or that you wilt venting witnesses on these most im-
portant subjects at the bar of your Nett Honourable House.
And your Petitioners will ever pray.
•
These resolutions and petitions were unanimously adopted, after be-
ing seconded,: is two admirable speeches, by Mr. Rosser and Mr.
Wsaritn, which we regret not having it in our power to publish to.
day.; bat.which weJurpe soon to present to the public ; and at half-past
twelve o'clock; at sight the meeting separated. During the meeting the
whole proceedings in-faveur of the messuresrecommended by Mr. ()wow
and hi, secol.derio•wete.elseered in a minuet we have seldom witnessed.
