GREECE.

FROM THE CONSTITUTIoNNEL.

NAI'OLI DI ROMANIA, JULY V.

The following letter is anterior to the recapture of
Ipsara, already announced ; but it contains deta is of the
greatest interest, no: yet known, of ilia first affair :
" During the last foar days ae have see►► several
Itt-
cat jot vessels enter our harbour. Tho,.e which arrived
last have brought circumstantial details t.f what has
pas ed in the island since the landing of the Turk, and
they agree perlectly with the information received by
the Government. In the night of the 2d and 3d, the
Captain Pacha 1 ended about 20,000 men towards the
north pan of the island; they matched in three columns,
and were not long in teaching the town, which is si-
tuated to the south. However great was the inequality
of force, the Greeks, though cowardly betrayed by their
fellow-Christians, were not discouraged ; at the first
word every Ipsatint was at his post, and all resolved, if
they could not repulse the enemy, to sell their lives as
dearly as possible.
" The combat commenced at several points of the
city, and lasted all the 3d. The Turks were several
times repulsed, and always returned to the charge with
fresh troops. Several of the island women took part in
the combat, and perished tt ith a courage superior to
their sex. No advantage was gained by either patty
during the day, and night put a stop to the car nage.
On the morning of the 4th, the combat was renewed
with day-light. The Turks, reinforced by the crews of
their large ships just landed, advanced to the attack
with teJoubled fury. Several Greeks, seeing them-
selves so closely pressed, put their wives aad children
to death, to save them from slavery, and then tushing
on the foe, perished with arms in tleir bonds. After
making themselves masters of the town, the Turks di-
rected their exertions against the chief battery, called
Tabia, the well•directed fire of which had committed
terrible ravages in their ranks. The battery was de-
fended by the regiment of the seven hundred Vronta-
douses, the bravest pat t of the garrison, commanded by
Captain Nicolis. This new combat was still more ter-
rible ; three times the Tut ks made themselves masters
of pint of the Tabia, and were dine times repulsed.
More than once broken up by the file of the battery,
they took to flight, and endeavoured to gain the coast
to reimbat k, but the Captain Pacha caused the Turkish
ships to fire on them, which obliged them to keep
their position.
" Towards the close of the day, the Greeks, surroun-
ded on all sides, and worn out with fatigue, set fire to
the mines which had been previously prepared: the Ta-
bia blew into the air, and buried in its ruins, with its re-
maining defenders, all the Twits who were around it.
The explosion was felt by vessels six or seven leagues
distant from the island. The number of Mussulmen

-killed by the explosion and in the fight is said to amount
to 1,500 men, and their whole loss in the two days is
estimated at 7,000 men. The Greeks lost the three
most remarkable men of Ipsara, Nicolis, Januaris, and
Nlauroyannis. The remainder of the Ipsai icits took re-
fuge in the forts of Paleocastron and St. John, flanked
by a rock which commands the town. The number of
combatants in these two lints is 2,500 men, and they are
well supplied with ammunition and provisions. The
Greek fleet left Hydra on the 6th for Ipsara. The en-
thusiasm of the crews is at its height, and they have
sworn to revenge Ipsara or Fetish. The Ipsariut yes-
.:els which were saved by their crews form part of this
fleet, except five merchant vessels
" The Government has jest receivel satisfactory news
from the island of Caso. The Egyptian squadron, after
two unsuccessful attacks on Candia, directed its course
to that island. The two first attacks were repulsed, but
on the third the Turks succeeded in landing, and made
themselves masters of the town. A Greek squadron,
however, with reinforcements for Candia, ai.pearing in
the neighbourhood, landed a part of its troops and acted
in conceit with the inhabitants, who had taken refuge
in the mountains. The Egyptians, attacked both by sea
and land, were cut to pieces after a short resistance, and
not a single one escaped. A beat dispatched from Caso
by the Navarque has brought this news."
