I

i

the West, the ex-Emperor should have found his way
opened. and the command of the army conferred on
him, by an-the, Git cia in the East. lire papers before
us supply us with little information on.the internal state
of the country ; h it from a paragraph, under the head
of GuadUlaxa:.., it would appear that Garcia, though
defeated :and taken Pr ironer on the 2:ld June, had not
been execirt-citxt the lit July. It is even said that the
inhabitants in the neighbourhood of '!'epic, where he was
capyred, Lti tra;iso.itted a petition to General Bravo,
soliciting the purser vation of his life. The General,
it is added, returned an airsoltite refusal to this applica-
tion. If the accounts in this paragraph, or in the official
dispatches of Gen. Jeri, can he az all relied upon, the
factious Iry ce in the West is e.'tirely subdued, and the
among holds of infl:rence in Guadalaxara,
G.tan :jata, and Valladolid are now in complete pos-
se ,sion the ['tends and supporters of the existing
Government. Tire General was to leave Goad alarara
on 111.- 7.11 or 8:h of July. "It is almost incredible,"
adds a letter quoted in Al " how much good he has
done in so stn.' t a time.
" After freeing our city from the horrors of civil war,
and its consequent calamities, he has established order,
and rectified opinion, which had been industriously mis-
led. 1-lis conciliazing spirit, his frank and amiable
manners, have produced greater results than could have
been expected ; and if we are soon to enjoy peace and
security,we shall owe these blessings to General Bravo."
It would be rather a singular circumstance, if, after
this defeat of Iturbide's partisans in the west, lie should
be received with favour in another quarter. In the
meanti me,t he Congress and Executive of Mexico seemed
to manifest no alarm. The former body proceeds in its
deliberations with all the calmness of a season of peace
and security, and the Government is receiving from the
provinces such reports as the following :—" Oajaca,
July 2.—The c:ouds which hung over us have been dis-
sipated. Our provincial Congress has acted with an
energy which merits general approbation, and the dis-
affected see public opinion declaring against them."
We observe in the proceedings of Congress on the
6th of July, a rather interesting discussion on a project
presented by a Mr. Ilium, to supply as much quick-
silver from the soil of Mexico as would be sufficient to
work the mines, without any foreign importation, pro-
vided importation was prohibited. The projector en-
gaged, that if he did not find a sufficient quantity of
the 'petal within a specified time, he would surrender
all the advantages of his contract, and his machinery
into the bargain, for the benefit of the nation. This pro-
ject Was favourably reported on by a commission, and
its conditions, thus amended, were accepted. " As soon
as the projector shall produce as much quicksilver as
the mines of the Republic shall require, and shall prove
the same to the satisfaction of the Government, the in-
troduction of foreign mercury shall be prohibited." In
the numbers of a Sol which lie before us we observe

a well. written theatrical critique, and some philosophi-
cal articles.
A Morning Paper published a copy of the first Procla-
mation ss hich ltui bide issued upon his lauding, and of
which the following is a translation :
" MExioans!—On placing my foot upon our shores,
after greeting you with the liveliest affection and kind-
ness, my first duty is to inform you of the reason why
I have returned from Italy, as I now come, and with
what object. I trust that you will listen to my voice,
and that you will allow to my words the credit that is
due to one who has adhered to truth on every occasion.
Experience has taught you, by a series of transactions
which required the greatest delicacy in their manage-
ment, and must be well known to you, that when !hal e
undertaken operations of public imp irtance, it was not
without due -meditation; 'that those tverations had uni-
formly sprung from a desire to promote the true and
solid happiness of my country, and were carried on in a
spirit of prudence and of justice. I should but offend
your feelings if I used any arguments to convince you
that Spain is under the protection of the Holy Alliance,
and that she is not yet reconciled, nor ever will be re-
conciled, to the loss of the ktiost precious jewel in her
Crown. Allow me, however, to observe, that it is im-
possible for you to be ware of the numberless intrigues
which arc actively in motion, not only in distant
countries, but within this our proper territory, for the
inn pose of restoring it again to Spanish domination.—
lint I, who from my residence in Europe, found myself
in asituation to learn much, and to perceive more, upon
this subject, saw in the clearest. manner that ruin was
impending over you—and could I be indifferent, my
colonryinen, to sour destruction? Need I say, then,
wherefore it is that I return to you, journeying from
such remote regions, triumphing over the obstacles,
and eluding t!.e toils which this same Holy Alliance
was ansiote-ly prei:aring to prevent me floor achieving
my purpose'
." I return not as Emperor, but as a soldier and a
Mexican, attracted Lb you even more by the sentiments
of my heart than by community of country. I come as
the first person armmgst you, interested in the conso-
lidation of our cherished itidei.endence, and our just
liberty. I come influenced by the gratitude which I
owe to the affection shewn me by the nation in general,
and without any recollection of the heinous calumnies
w ith which my enemies—the enemies'of our country—
have sought to sully my name.
44 My only ohj-ct is to contribute, by my counsel and
my sword, to the preset vation of the liberty and inde-
pendence of Mexico, or never to survive the commence.
meet of this new and most disastrous slavery, which
powerful 'rations are preparing to inflict upon it, and
that too through the instrumentality of some recreant sons
of cur soil and several ungrateful Spaniards. It is my
wish also to reconcile the differences which exist amongst
you—differences which of themselves would be suffi-
cient to plunge you into ruin—to re-establish the invalu-
able bessing of domestic peace, to support that system
of Government which may be most conformable to the
gene: al wail, without any restriction whatever, and to
co-op:rite with you in effectually promoting the pro.
speritv of the nation.
" Mexicans ! you shall soon again bear from your
most sincere and affectionate friend,
AG.UsTIN DE ITURSIDE"

si,4i,v.

PRIVATE COURESPONDF.SCF..
" MADRID, SEPTEMBER 2.

" Affairs are here in a lamentable state. Every hour
brings with it •ome fresh act of atrocity and horror.
The events of Tarifa are put forward as deman.►it.g and
justif> ing that exterminating system to whit') the Apos-
tolic Junta urge the Spanish Cabinet, and wh;cll is but
too n.uch to the taste of the King, and but to) accor-
dant with the di:position of his courtiers. You will
have alteady seen an account in the official Gazette of
the 31st ult. of the unfortunate persons executed with-

- _
