TUESDAY EACNING, JULY 1, 1828.

were at one time greatly exaggerated. and are novi**-
presented as very insignificant, we believe, from the
pretty authentic accounts-which we have received, that
the tollowing particulars cannot well be controvert
Accounts from the Bannat of Temeswar say, that
great quantities of corn and cattle had been purchased
there by the Turks with ready money, and, as well
as the contributions of the same kind imposed in Bul-
garia, have been sent to Silistria. From the entrench;
anent raised for the protection of Servia, it will not bi
easy t' take my post, as it seems to be the intention of
the Turks to protract the war, in hopes of assistance
from tome Christian Powers. The first victory will,
probably, decide on the defection or neutrality of
Seivia. As to tie Russian main army, the posses.'
snits of Brailow is indispensably necessary, if not
fir tfie value of the fortress, yet because its bat..
Series command the junction of the Sereth and the
Pruth, and can thus chili,* obstacles in the way of *
Russian fleet sailing up the river. Silistria, Widditi,
and Nicopoli, would be mutihmore easily taken, it they
could be attacked with wised ships, towed by weaol
boats; and it is to he rephotiederna the RuAians halE
sic* made batter use of the aid of steam-boat: Jo the'
great expedition to Varna and the Danube. On vie
other hand, it is affirmed that the Turkish armies base
i a very great number of foreign officers, and that their
levies, especially of Busniacks. are very numerous: they
appear also to be in no want of spies, particularly gipsies
and WallaJtians. The Russian army has a large number
of light, but not a sufficient number of large cannon. The
Turkish grand army at Schoumla is estimated at above
100,000, in:luding some very well disciplined light
troops. The fanaticism that animates the troops is
great, and if the Russians do not succeed in the first
attack, it is more than problematical, when we consider
the hdt season, the scarcity of fodder for the horses, and ,
the probability of the plague, or other infectious disor-
ders, whether they will be able to pass the Balkan this
campaign. The Russian fleet, though superior in the
number of men, appears to be too weak to force the
Bosphorus. It stems to be the plan of the Turks to
enter Wallachia from Silistria, as soon ai the Russian
army shall have crossed the Danube. In Asia the ope
rations of the Russians are not likely to meet with muck
opposition, as the Pachas will probably remain neuter,
or even join Gen. Paskewitsch.—Nrirem.Corres. June 22.
MAYENCE, Jim 14-
We learn from Coblentz, that the Government has
resolved that measures shall be taken to blow nii the
chain of rocks on that pan of the Rhine called the Bin-
gerlock, by which a very dangerous obstacle to the na-
vigation of the river will be removed.—Franifort
Jourual, huts 25.
HANOVER, Jam XL
ii.. Yesterday the city was visited by a most tremendous
hail Storm; the stones were .as large as ducks' eggs,
and every pane of glass in the direction of the we*
and almost every root, were broken in. The fields and
gardens present a melancholy appearance of destructio
and it was six hosts after the stir m had subsided before
the

HOUSE OF LORDS, Jumi 30.
.31IMINket IMOD& TIM suisieens.
Sir A. Gas= mul other Members brought up the Policy of la
sumacs Stamps 4111, the Plate Glass Duties bill, the C. and
.Borosighs Polls Bill, the Scotch Promissory Notes Bill, sod t*o
Prltrate Bills.

Hosalson, from the Mint, presented Accounts relating to
Coin and lluhion. •
The Duke of GORDON presented a Petition from the chim-
ers and Occupiers of Land in Inverness against the importation of
Foreign Wool; also Peckham to the same effect from Roes and
Crossurty, in Section&
The Earl •f SHAFTESBURY presented a Petition from the
town of Cheltenham, against the continuance of Slavery in the
West Indies.
The Bills brought tip from the Commons were severally read a
first time.

IMO NaMai MOM ?Ili COIOIMIL
Sir A. GRANT, and other Members, presented the Seemed Re..
port of the Select Committee of that House, on the subject of
Scotch Eaten.
• A Message was also brought op from the Cornrows, requesting'
a Copy of the Report of the Committee on the State of the Wool
Trade, together with the Minutes of Evidence taken before the
said Committee. _ _ _

hlr. 'Ay:att., and other Members, brought up the India Prize- '
Monet Appropriation Bill.
The Church &kW Abolition Bill was read a third time and '
passed.
The Earl of SALISBURY presented a Petition from the Coo-
gregation of vrotestant Dissenters of Crown street Chapel, Soho, '
against any further concession to the Roman Catholics. i
Lord BEAUCHAMP presented a Petition from Worcester
against the importation of Foreign Gloves. .
The Duke of WELLINGTON presented a similar Petition
from the Glovers of the City of Worcester. The Noble Duke
wookl take ibis opportunity of explaining a subject to which his
actuation bad been called by a Petition presented to their Lord. '
ships the other night. That subject was an additional Doty on
Coals imported into Ireland. It was true that in the year 1801
an additional duty was laid on the importation of Coals into Ire-
land; but the Chancellor of the Exchequer of that day had stated,
that a duty to an equal amount had been repealed on the exports-
Oat of Coals (torn this country to Ireland ; so that Ireland was
kit in the same situation as before, and the whole transactiou could
not be viewed as a violation of the Act of Union. He was anxious r
that no impression should prevail that the Articles of the Union
were not strictly fulfilled on the put of this country ; and there-
fore, although the subject woad undergo a further revision, he lost
no urne in **this the resuk of his immediate inquiries.
The Marquis of DOW NSHIRE believed that the principal ob-
ject of the ketitioners was to attract the attention of his Majesty's
Government to the subject.
The Marquis of SALISBURY presented a Petition from the
Distillers of London, praying for the correction of the Distillery
Laws, and complaining of the importation of Scotch and Irish
Whisky.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said the subject was under the
coesideratioo of the Government, and that detect of the Act would
be *medic& .
• Lord Vissionit GODIRICH said, that if the object of the
Petitioners was to exclude Scotch and Irish Whisky from Eng-
' land, be thought It was 4 very unreasonable one. The agricukure
aistivisnufactbres of Seod.pd sad Ireland had the same right to
the. protection of Pa:Hansen' as those of England.
'l•Dulte of WELLINGTON gave notice of his intention to
move the second reading of the Scotch Promissory Notes Bill on
Thoreday next.
Thai Esri of SHAFTESBURY moved that the Report of the
Committee on the Wool Trade, with the minutes of evidence,
be commoolcated to the Commons, agreeably to their request.—
Ordered. The Home then adjourned until to-morrow (this day).
• HOUSE OF COMMONS.
.
An Access was presented of the Receipts and Expenditure of
the Parish qi St. Jamests, Westminster.
Lard MANDEVILLE presented a Petition from St. Mot's,'
'pima Slavery.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir J. ICI ACKBN RIR presented a. Petition from the Coentyof '
Ross, raying fee a duty on Foreign Wool, and a similar Petition
from Critinarty,r—Ordered to be printed.
Itbr the motion of Sir IL Lwvo a limns was ordered of all
inill lenrbrted 'silica Ibis.
Oft tiwevesish Ft Culsoel Samoan Various Returns were or;
dirbiatiladmintitise Post Bons .06.4..

,

Sir J. LOWTHER presented a Petition -against Slavery from
Harrington, in Cumberland.
___ _ _ _

Mr. SEYMOUR presented a similar Petition from Taunton.—
Ordered to be printed.
The further proceedings on the Dartmouth Harbour Bill were
postponed for two months.
Sir J. GRAHAM presented a Petition front Pomfret, in favour
lof the circulation of small notes.—Ordered to be printed.
A Petition was presented from Luton, in Bedfordshire, against
Slavery.
Mr. BLANEY presented a Petition from J. H. Jameson, now
a prisoner in Horsham Gaol, fur the non-payment of Poor Bates,
praying that bemight be liberated.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HEATHCUTE presented a Petition against Slavery, from
the Borough of Boston.
Mr. DENISON presented a Petition from Brixton, against the
New Chinches Act.
Mr. J. WOOD said the Bill excited much agitation. He felt
eonldent that the sense of the country was • against it. The Bill
was smuggled into the House, and no time given to petition
against it.
Lord LOWTHER denied that the Bill was smuggled into the
Howe. The second reading was fixed for that night, and a sull-
cknt time intervened baween the first and second reading.
Mr. DENISON and Mr. J. WOOD said, the Bill was brought
la at two in the morning. Sufficient time was not given to petition
against it.
Mr. HUME repressed a wiihaillir the Till might.lt 0111•060 d
this Session
Lord LOWTH ERthought)t Would he better to watt tin the
Clloneellor of the Exchequer was in his place to answer for himself.
Sir J. W ROTTES LEY objected to the Bill. It was one of
,che moat uhjectionabk that ever was brought in. He should oppose
it by all means.
Mr. Alderman W A ITHM AN said the Bill was a most objec-
tionable one. It gave the power of laying a heavy tax upon pa-
rishioners without their consent.
The Petition was ordered to be printed.
Sir R. CLIVE presented a Petition fyom Ludlow, against the
Importation of Foreign Gloves.—Ordered to lie on the table. -
Mr. S. RICE presented a Petition against Slavery from Lime-'
rick.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME presented a Petition In favour of Civil and Rell.
gloms Liberty, from certain persoas residing in the vicinity of St.
Paul's. He fully concurred in the sentiments of the Petitioners,
who also prayed for Parliamentary Reform, the Abolition of Sine-
cures, and the Restoration of Church Property to its original pur-
poees:—Ordered to be printed.

Colonel TRENCH presented a Petition from the Curate,
Churchwardens. Overseers, and Inhabitants of Cherry Hinton, in
Somersetshire; against Slavery. He should be sorry to appear as
the advocate of slavery, but he must say that tilt efforti of those
who desired its abolition were, in many instances, ill directed, and
bad done much harm to the cause. He trusted that any attempt
Which might be made to carry into effect the Resolutions of the
use upon the subject would be marked not alone by zeal, but
also by prudence and temperance.--Ordered to be printed.
The further consideration of the Report of the Criminal Justice
lk India Bill was postponed to Wednesday next.
The East India Prise Money Bill was read a third time and
passed.
The Hotel Keepers Bill was read a third time and passed.
The Order of the Day having been read for the third reading of
the Passage Vessels Licensiag Bill,
Mr. JOHN WOOD suggested• that the better way would he.to
remove entirely the necessity of taking out a liceum. • ,
Mr. DAWSON said, on consideration, ft was deemed advisable
to persevere in the measure. However, he should propose to re-
duce the license from 51. to N.
In answer to a question from Mr. Howe,
Mr. DAWSON said, the Bill did not apply to vessels going to
foreign ports.
btr. P. THOMSON opposed the Bill.
Sir J. YORKE recommended that the Bill should be postponed
far thil present.
Mr. BR ti 3 HT said, the effect of the Bill wu to impose a tali
trading vessel. It would produce 100,0001 if not man.
WS6III araikshis alit was ier tem -ease if relish It
legalite Ike sale of estimable articles ea board
spoke in favour of the MU.
Mr. WARBURTON said, many of the objections to the ail
.had been removed by the alterations introduced. He wished to
know whether an Excise Officer would be empowered to go on
board and take stock.
Mr. DAWSON answered in the affirmative.
The clams for reducing the license to 11. went through the va
tioas stage&
A clause limiting the penalty to 101. was then agreed to, and the
Bill passed.
A Message was brought from the Lords, with their Lordships'
to several gills.--(See Lords).
Mr. P. THOMSON presented a Petition from the Tobacco
Dealers of the For: of London, praying for an additional duty on
&tausied Tobacco. Though he felt it hi* duty to present the Pe-
tides, be *as opposed to the prayer of it.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he aban.
dosed the duty, not from any change of opinion on the merits of
the case, but because the parties interested had not sufficient time
given them. A promise had been made by his predecessor in office
that no change should be made in the duties on this article without
sufficient notice. Of this he was not aware until lately.
Mr. P. THOMSON wished to know whether it was his in.
Motion to bring forward the measure nest Session?
The CHANCILLOS of the EICHISOURR made no reply.
After a few words from Mr. C. CALM?, the Petition was read
ordered to be printed.
. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the
Order of the Day for the House going into a Committee of Supply.
RRLATIONS WPM PORTUGAL.
Mr. DA WSO N moved that the further consideration of granting
a supply to his Majesty be then read, for the purpose of postponing
k to Wednesday next.
Sir JAMES MACINTOSH then rose, to take the
*seen constitutional method of asking some questions
relative to the state of our foreign policy. He could not
-suffer the Session to terminate without adopting this
course—the more especially as while a war was waging
in the East, a civil commotion existed- in Portugal. He
mould not perplex the House by quotations from jurists
—nor enter into a discussion on international law—what
lie wished to ascertain was, whether bath the opposed
parties in the country of our ancient ally were treated
,by his Majesty's Government with all the rights of bel-
ligerents? and whether if the Junta of Oporto, acting
in the name of Don Pears), weie to dispatch vessels to
blockade the port of Lisbon, they would acknowledge
that blockade as they bad done that of Oporto by Don
Miguel? He did not doubt that the British Govern-
ment would do so, and that if they bad not on former
occasions said they would do so, they would say so on
the present occasion. If so, this would be a sufficient
justification to aim in having brought forward the ques-
tion. In•this hope he would lay aside the consider*.
ti,in of the ungrateful, unnatural, and impious rebellion
which had taken place. He would lay aside the con-
sideration of the crowded state of the prisons of Lisbon,
which bad no equal since the rebellion of 1798. He
would lay aside these. considerations, and observe,
that if the usurpation of Don Miguel was successful,
It would place Portugal in that degraded situatirn
which it had been the policy of England for t.,e
last century to prevent her falling into. This re-
bellion was against Don Pedro the Fourth, his M.
jeily's ally, and for whose service his Majesty's
troops were lately employed. There was on one side
liberty and independence, and on the other slavery and
I intolerance. He did not mean to say that it was the:
case in this instance, but many cases of partial conduct
tiad been witnessed. The document which bad be,n
published regarding the blockade of Oporto was one
hich would operate injuriously to one party, and
savour the atrocious designs of the other. His Majesty's
Government might have given a warning to our mer-
chants trading to Oporto, without all this parade—.
without indeed attaching an importance to the blockade

retr. on tu
a masses of ice which bad fallen were melted. on every trona'
Ifr. DAM
,IMPlCEntitAttlaNtiNT. paise=fts.°
Mr. BERN.I
