STATE OP THE CITY JAILS.

The Hon. Mr. EDEN moved for a Committee to
inquire into the state of the Jails in the City of Lon.
don, to report their observations thereupon, and to
suggest any alteration or improvement which it might
be found expedient to make in their arrangements.
Mr. Alderman ATKINS saw no ground for the
motion of the Hon. Member. He did not mean to
say, that when at an earlier period of the Session, pa-
pers relative to the state of the Jails in the Met-opolis
were moved for, severe grievances did not exist; but
these were occasioned by the unusual influx of pri-
soners at that period, and the want of jails to place
them in, through which three times the number of
debtors which Newgate was calculated to contain
were crowded within its walls. But another prison
was now building, and measures had been taken to
remedy the evil, as far as it was practicable. lie
could not suppose that the Hon. Member': view v is
to throw any reflection on the worthy M.ti;is;r.ir.s of
London; he therefore wished him to state the grounds
of his motion, and the reasons why an inquiry shoidd
take place, as well as any improvements which he
might have conceived. He would not, however, ob-
ject to the inquiry, although he deemed it unneces-
sary, because he felt confident, that it would only
serve to dis Play, in an honourable light, the activity
and exertions of the Magistrates of London.
Mr. Alderman SMI rt-i expected to have some
reason to justify the present motion. He trusted that
it was not founded merely on the reports of interested
individuals, who had been frequently found guilty of
the grossest misrepresentations, jit which they had
pertinaciously persevered to interest the feelings. He
called upon the Hon. Memher to state his grounds.
The Hon. Mr. EDEN reminded the House of the

proved their over-crowded state, and particularly the
hardships which the women experienced. Since these
papers had been produced, he had himself visited the
prisons, and found that the same grievances existed,
in some cases even to a greater extent ; he alluded to
the prison in the Borough ; he thought therefore 6.4
further inquiry was necessary. (Hear, hear.) lit
would have given these reasons on first introducing
his motion, had it not been for the cheerful com-
pliance with which the papers already produced, had
been voted last year by the City Members, from
whom, on this occasion, he therefore expected to
meet with no opposition.

Sir WILLIAM CURTIS thought, that whether
well-founded or not, the information which the Ho-
nourable Gentleman had procureJ, since he required
enquiry, he should have it, and he had no doubt but
the Magistrates of the City would he found to !Inv
jam-red no blame. He was himself able to give hi:
testimony as to one of the articles of which the priso.
uers had been in want. He meant rugs, which had
been contracted for, without loss of time. What Li
been done, he fel; confident would give the steam;
satisfaction.

Sir JAMES SHAW thought it would have beer:
as well if the Hen. Member had abstained horn
making his Motion, until the Magistrates of London
had completed their arrangements and improvements.
In coniequence of their application, a Bill had al-
ready passed through the House to enable them to
remove the pris.iners to the new jail which they were
erecting, in order to be able to ki•ep every descrip-
tion of criminals apart. They also intended to have
a House of Correction, and to adopt regulacioss cal.
culated to remove many of the existing evils. Wk.:,
these were finished, then would have been the proper
time for the Hon. Gentleman to come with his :no-
tion, and he would then have found it difficult to hove
suggested more operative measures than those stiziO
had been adopted.

Mr. WHITBREAD observed, that no one could
have proceeded with more temper and gentleness in
laying the matter before the Muse than his Hon.
Friend who had originated the question. Yet the
Hon. Alderman seemed to feel a little sore at the
proposed inquiry. When tl.e papete had firbt been
moved for, they had been most cheerfully granted ;
but when in consequence of the information which
they had supplied, his Hon. Friend (without trust.
ing to the repo: is cif prisoners, who it was well
known were generally disposed, to overrate the
hardships of their situation, although it frequently
happened that the inquiry made among them led to
the discovery of great and real grievances) visited
the prisons himself, and found them equally crowded
with unfortunate beings, and teeming with all the
evils which had been stated in the Report to elist,
what could he do but move for a Committee ?
The Hon. Alderman considered this as casting a re-
flection upon them. He did not see it in the same
light ; but if it were a reflection, how could. it be re.
moved ? Only by the Committee now called for,
before whom, he hoped they would appear to be free
from all blame. The unhappy inhabitants of New-
gate, it WAS well known, bad long been in an uncom.
'tortable state ; but an Honourable Baronet wished the
House would wait till projected improvements were
accomplished. As for himself, he preferred looking
into things as they were, and he thruzht that on re.
flection, the City Members would rejoice at having
the opportunity offered them by the Committee, to
clear away all doubt on the propriety and activity of
the London Magistrates.
Sir WILLIAM CURTIS explained ; after which
Committee was appointed. Adjourned.

PROCL,MATION
TO THE GOVERNORS, GENERALS, COMMANDANTS, OFF!.
CERS, SOLDIERS, AND INHABITANTS OF CAMBRAY.

" BRAVE FRENCHMEN !—The most glor;ous fate
opens before you ; your King invites you to Acknow-
ledge and rece;ve him ; be the first in this quarter of
France to proclaim him.

,c You Lioubtless know, that Beam and Laigue•
doc have acknowledged his authority; that Lis Royal
Highness the Duke d'Angouleme is marching upon
Provence, Lyons, Limoges, and Bourdeaux, viler*
all hearts are opened before him.

" You doubtless know also that Monsieur the
King's brother has set out for the head quarters of the
Allied Powers.

" You are surely no longer the dopes (.4' the lies
daily accumulated in the Moniteur. How many vic-
tories has it not announced to you from Moscow to
Paris ? and the loss of thousands of canno:f, 400.000
Frenchmen prisoners, 500,000 of your sons killtel or
perished from cold and want between the Beretyna
and the Rhine, the loss of your treasures, a third of
France conquered, Paris in danger of being so.—
Such are the result of the Moni.'eur',. pretended vrctorleil
" Is there one of you who has nat said a hundred
times that the bulletins were only filed with falsehoods
and ridiculous exaggerations ?—that all the journals
were mere instruments in the hands of the police and
of the government to deceive you ? If you have ,oid
this, it you have repeated it, and sill think so, b)1
what blindness will you still continue to seem to pAy
credit to these reiterated lies ? Cease to fear a tyrant
whose name alone inspires you with t-rror ; the wc:ld
will then be rid of him. Alas ! 800,000 soldiers of
all nations, whose vengeance he alenu excites, arc en
our territory, or ready to enter it. Thousands of
Frenchmen perish daily, and for what ? To deft nd a
-tyrant, whom they abhor, breathe has the addre,s
to persuade them that the Allied Powers are omit:
with the design of partitioning France ; while to de-
lver it, Frenchin,n, your King is comini; to y. ur
succour. He will return as a father among his cHl-
dren, and not as an enemy ; he will return to yo,l
under the safeguard of your love, and of his coefi•
deuce, without a single tOruign soldier.
" He alone will arrest, he alone cart arrest, the for-
midable cohorts ready to pour upon you. Wherever
his name shall be proclaimed, the inhabit:tilts 'ball be
protected : the enemies of Bonaparte are the friends
of the Bourbons, the protectors of the human
" French honour will never yield to tear ii,,r to Lie
greatest dangers ; but with hearts truly French, ho-
nour can never‘cure,ist in defending aC. rsican, your
executioner ; and in reje,:ting your I.g timaia• S.oe-
reign, the descendant of icings.
..Inhabitants of Cambray, "may your lut ure destiny
be happy and glorious! It is in your hearts, in your
general opinion, that Louis XVIII. wishes to re-
,'
erurneuti_ is the best, the lit
. • • 4.. • •

if
d•
ny

der of fatherts who wishes to return ;midst his
Until his arrival your gates shall remain shut.
Yr'ur environs shall be respected by the foreign troops.
presence of your King is about to become for
sou the signal of happiness; the day of peace' with
on and ohm. _ _ (Signed)

The Marquis Di CHADANNES."

FR ON THE J3URNAL DE BOURDEdUX.
MONDAY, MARCH 14.

traisirtp AND PLTBLISHLD BY ORDER.]

NO. S.

Bounneaux —The 12th of March will be to the
city of Boindeaux the most glorious epoch conse-
crated in the ann ds of history. For a long time, the
B.rdelais had pronounced against the oppressive
Governmert under which France groaned ; but they
hal not yet found a favourable opportunity for throw-
ing off the yoke. Some zealous citi7ens, however,
laboured in secret for the re-establishment of the pa-
ternal Government of the desceudaats of Henry IV.
Lynch, a foimer Magistrate of Bourdeaux,
eliorn Peavtoesre had chosen to give the signal,
tenurted with M. Taffard de St. Gcrmain, Commis-
sioner of his Majesty Louis XVIII. to profit by the
fist moment. The arrival of the English Army in
the l'reach territory, the grand and generous senti-
ments of that nation which has saved Europe from
slavery and oppression, every thing induced a hope
that the day of deliverance was approaching.
We were then informed that his Royal Highness
AI. the Duke of Angouleme had arrived at the army.
The grandson of Henry IV. the husband of her Royal
Highness the daughter of Louis XVI. had entered
St. Jean de Luz. The Royal Council decreed that
M. De Laroche Jacquelin, and M. Quyriaux should
repair to his Royal Highness to receive his orders
and confer with Lord Wellington. His I ordship,
ch-ta..:l to the Bourbons, promised all the necessary succours
to :wort Me true Royalists. M. George Bontemps
de Berri sets sent to entreat his Royal Highness to
proceed to Bourdeaux. Lord Wellington caused a
column to March immediately upon Bourdeaux ; he
entrusted the command to Marshal Beresford, as
strenuout. an advocate for the restoration of Louis
XVIII. els his Lordship. As soon as the King's
Commissionel• and M. Lynch were certain of the
arrival of the 'generous Allies, every thing was pre-
pared to receive them in a signal manner, worthy of
them, worthy cal the King whom they had just re-
stored, and of the Bordelais who wished to afford a
great proof of their devotedness. Estafetkes were sent
!o the Marshal; And Deputies set off to communicate
ti:e wishes of the Bordelais to his Royal Highness.
'hat a happiness for us, brave Gascons, to have
been the first to lay at the feet of the Prince the ho-
mage of fidelity aid respect.
As soon as the Marshal had arrived at Pont de 14
Maye, Colonel Vivian was sent to the Mayor to an-
nounce to him that the Marshal considered himself as
entering an Allied city, obedient to his Majesty Louis
XVIII. . He immediately received this assurance,
and Mr. Lynch, and the assistants, escorted by a royal
guard, Without unhorm, went nut to meet the Mar-
rile white cockade was immediately displayed,
the white standard waved upon the tower of St.
Michael, and the Mayiar addressed a speech to the
raishal, whitch,expressive,of the wishes of the Borde.
dais; penetrated the hearts of all that could hear it
What a charm it was to see him take off his scull,
assume the ancient'emblem of the French, and hoist
the white cockade, symbol of happiness and peace !
Cries of 48 ;Jive le Roi!" repeated and re-echoed, often,
interrupted the Mayor. The Marshal repeated with an
ebffictionate tone the itrtsrnise made by Lord Wellington.
The protession then began to the Hotel de Ville ; the
people preceded their deliverers in crowds ;—cries of
' 'riven: les Bourbons / honour to the English ; long
live the Mayor," succeeded each other without ceasing:
content appeared in every countenance ; tears of joy
burst from every eyes a happier day dawned upon
es. The Marshal, upon his arrival at the Hotel de
Ville, received the Assistants to the Mayor and the
King's Cornmiesiorter, decorated with the Royal scarf,
who were presented by the Mayor. T/. General gal?:
Aesh asiurances of Me protection of his loyal nation(
But the acclamations of the people and every heart
demanded the Prince; every one wished to see the
nephew t f the King—every one desired to express
his affection for him. At that very moment M. the
Duke de Gulche art iveti, to announce that his Royal
highness would be at Bourdeaux before three o'clock,
and that he would repair in the first place to the Ca-
thedral. This news was soon repeated by a thousand
voices—fresh cries of Vive le Roi were heard on all
. sides, and throughout the city. The joy was general.
Numerous detachments of young Royalists set off to
meet his Royal Highness, and the Mayor proceeded
in his carriage with the King's Commissioner. The
Assistants and a part of the Municipal Council ac-
companied them. The crowd was immense. As
soon as they came within sight of his Royal High-
ness, the Mayor and -his cnsnpanions alightea, M.
Lynch harangued his Royal Highness, and received
a reply worthy of the grandson of Henry IV.—" Ob-
livion of the past—happiness for the future." Such
are the sentiments of the Bourbons, such the will of
the King and of all the Princes.
His Royal Highness proceeded to the Cathedral ;
but the crowd filled every street—all would see the
Plince. He stopped every minute to let the people
enjoy the sight of him. The Archbishop waited for
bis Royal Highness at the grand gate of the Cathe-
dral ; all the Cathedral was crammed, and it was not
till near an hour that the Prince could get to the
sanctuary. The sacredness of the place could not
check the acclamations—cries of " Five it Rti" stop.
pad th'e ceremony. Te Deum was sung? and repeated
by all hearts. His Royal Highness, wishing to prove
!r/ the Bordelais how much he was touched with
f. iese expressions, repaired to the Hotel de Ville, to
'iarge the Magistrates to declare his deepest satisfac.
non. Cries of " •-tive le Bourbon!" and " Five le Roi!'
preceded and followed him every where.
PROCLAMATION.
19 Tat WARE 0' THE KIVr.
THE DUKE D'ANCOULENIE Far.NCil ARMY.

" S'4diers! I am arrived—l am in France—in that
France so dear to me ! I come to break your fetters:
I conie to unfold the White Standard—that spotless
standard which your fathers followed with transport :
rally round ir, brave Frenchmen, and let us ail marchto the overthrow of tyranny !
" Generals, Officers, anJ soldiers, who shall range
yourselves under the ancient banner.of the Lily, in
*name of the King,' my uncle who has °lima

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1814.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK
3 per Cent. Red. shut—Cons. 06i: acc.
4 per Ct. shut-5 per Ct. 94;4i—Otintium
India Bonds ss. 6s. pr.—Exchequer Bilk 2s. 4!. pr.

The extracts which we have given from the Jour.
nal of Bourdeaux, excite regret that a favourable op-
portuniiy did not occur earlier for throwing off the
yoke of BONAPARTE. It may not cow b.: too late ;
the example of Bourdeaux may be followed by other
places ; and the flame may spread so widely as to
consume the tyrant : but a crisis of much difficulty
would have been avoided by an earlier rising, and
France herself, aided by well directed efforts from
without, might ere now have broken her chains.

In the Bourdeaux Journal Lord WELLINGTON if
said to have given, and Marshal BEIIESFORD to have
repeated, promises which must have received addi-
tional colouring from the Editor, whose object and
aim is to excite hope, confidence, and decision in the
minds of the people, that they may be induced to
act with vigour in the cause of the P.:,utizoNs.—
In this view, an excuse may be found fin the E,'i
tor ; but, confident we are, that neither Lord 'WEL-
LINGTON nor Sir WILLIAM BCRESFoIiD Wctlid, by an)
precise and positive declarati-ii, commit `the British
Government. Applied to for aid by the people of
Bourdeaux, a sense of duty would impel them not to
lose such an opportunity of adding to the weight
with which BONAPAUTE is pressed at this moment,
and they might express what every honourable mind
must fed, a desire that events may take such a turn
as to hurl the Tyrant entirely from his throne; but,
assuredly, kncwiug that negociations had for a con-
siderable time been carrying on between the Allies
and BorrApAßTE—iiegociations which, for aught they
could know, might even have been actually followed
by the signature of Preliminaries, it is impossible that
Lord WELLINGTON could commit either himself or
the Government tinder which be acts.

In the nature of things the fact could not be other-
wise. Indeed it so happens, respecting the very in-
terview to which the Bourdeaux Paper alludes, that
an account is given of it in a piivate letter, nnw,' in
circulation, and written by a Gentleman w. ho was
present, which states the fact to have been v.ctnally
such as we have received it. The letter states, that,
immediately after the first ceremonies were over, the
Marshal entered into a most candid and confidential
conversation with the MAYOR. He expressed himself
highly flattered by the distinguished honours which
had been paid to himself, and by the strong testimo-.
vies of esteem which had been expressed toward the
British nation ; but at the same time he reminded
the MAYOR and the other Gentlemen present, that
it did not depend on him, or on the Commander
in Chief, to determine how long any co-operation
between the British arms and those of the French
KING might be carried on. He adverted to the ne-
gotiations which were said to be still going on at
Chatillon for general peace; and observed, that they
might possibly lead to the necessity of his evacuating
Bout deaux. The Mayer replied, for himself and his
friends, that they were well aware of these circum-
stauces ; that they knew they were irrevocably com-
mitted with BONAPARTE! but that their determination
had not been lightly taken up; that the resolution to
resist his *yranny to the uttermost was common, not
only to the whole of the neighbouring population,
but to great numbers in other parts of France with
whom they were in correspondence ; and that they
had aPither fear nor doubt of the result. The Writer
of the letter communicating this information adds,
that he had himself been on a mission into Langue-
doc, and that every thing in that quarter promised
success beyond the most sanguine expectations.—
Front a full consideration of these circumstances it is
perfectly clear that Soma's invectives are totally un-
founded. Lord WELLINGTON has not excited the in-
surrtctiorle He would have been fully justified in so
doing, had he received orders from his Government
to that effect ; but the fact is, that he has promoted
the measure in no other way than as his presence in
that part of the country, and his having beaten and
dissipated the army that kept down the population,
may be called promoting the insurrection.

Li fact, the cause of the BOURBONS, if it is to be
crowned with success, must rest on a more stable
foundation than any dictation, any secret intrigue, or
any measure whatever of foreign policy, can possibly
place it. It must be built on the affections and will
of the French people ! On this basis the structure
must, if ever, be reared.
We have already hinted at the embarrassments of
the present crisis. It would be a hard task to find in
History a period in which Statesmen might be sup-
posed_iojLayft found themselves in circumatanutpi

greater k is known that a Negotiation
has for some time been going on, and that projets,
and contre-projets have been exchanged ; that one
of the Allies is connected by family alliance with
the common foe ; and, now, that the ancient 'tor]
Filthily, backed by a part at least of the population,
claims the 'flume.

It is easy to talk of what all could do, united in
means, in heart and soul, IF all were unanimous hi
their ulterior views respecting the Throne of France.
They may all be actuated by one mind ; but it is pos-
sible they may not. Let us suppose one great Power
resolved not to carry matters to the utmost extremi-
ties; what would, in that case, be left as matter of
election to the others

It has been said hypothetically, even should Aus-
tria join France—Russia, Prussia, England, and t`ie ,
true Royalists, would be equal to the contest, and
ought to persevere in the war. Men who incur no
responsibility may talk in this manner ; but what Mi-
nister durst venture to reasm in this manner ? Were
Austria to adopt this line of conduct, would any thing
remain for the Russians and Prust,ians but to retreat
out of France as quickly as possible. We think
it impossible, though we thus speak, that Austria
could be brought to act treacherously ; but we think
it not impossible that Austria may be against the de-
thronement of BotiaranTE. Should this be the feeling
of that Power, in what a situation would the other
AllieQ be placed ? Suppose, at the same time, that
the disposition of the French, as a people, still remain~
equivocal. is it to be thought, in such circumstances,
that the Allie; would precipitately break off the Ne-
gociation ? Is not the present crisis one of great
difficulty ?
The negociations have certainly not been broken
‘iff, that is, no accounts to that effect have yet reached
London. It is reported that the bar to a preliminary
treaty has hitherto been, that NAPOLEON/ refused to
give up cautionary fortresses to the Allies, and still
clung to the Frankfurt Declaration. The news of
the Southern insurrection, if not viewed ef magni-
tude sufficient to induce all the Allies to break off the
Treaty, may contribute to hasten BONAPARTE to a
compliance with the terms that have been proposed.
—lt is asserted that the events at Bourdeaux were
known at Chatillon three days after they occurred—
yet the negociations have been continued. This f,.ct
needs no comment. We may believe thlt the M;_ni•
sters at Chatillon are not without the means of form-
ing a proper estimate of thy' ::egree of reliance to be
placed on the sympr,o—.s ni loyalty which have begun
to shew thernse"-:1... i^ Vrancg; and that they will not
hastily thr--: vay the advantages that have already
been gar by the arms of the Allies. The question
at :his —,ornent is not what may be uesirabie, but
what i attainable?

';...v0 Bremen and a Heligoland Mail have at-
r:ved, and bring the following :

" BREMEN, MARCH 17.

Many more of the inhabirants of Hambut-gh have
again been obliged to lca‘e that city, where the dis-
tress is indescribable; but as yet there is no want felt
by Davoust and his troops. He has still 70 ware-
houses filled with all kinds of provisions ; so that it is
clmputed he may still hold out six, qr even ten
months. Many of the houses of those who have emi-
grated have been broken into last week by the dotia-
niers, and what was found in them partly taken away
and partly entered in a list. Many merchants, who
still possess commodities of different kinds, arc not
permitted to sell, but obliged t•:., deliyer up what is
required of them. All the wine is put in sequestra-
tion, and every remonstrance has been to no effect.—
There are still about 53,000 pers ;Its in the city."

" FLORENCE, FEB. 27.

I, The ships of all Allied and Neutral Nations are
permitted to enter the port of Leghorn, but without
their flag. They say Leghorn is to be garrisoned by
British troops,
.but the Government to be adminis-
tered in the name cf the King of Naples.
4, The Princess Eliza is to go to Naples, but it is
reported that a part of the Florentine coast is ceded
to her and will be united with the territory of Lucca."
is BASLE, MARCH 9.
" It is certain that 30,000 men are marching by
Dijon against Lyons, to support Count Bubna."
[The Altona Mercury of the 17th, contains a letter
from the King of Denmark to Prince Christian, de-
siring him to leave Norway immediately.]

A Morning Paper states, that a Gentleman who
arrived yesterday trom Moilaix reports that the whole
Province of lirittany is a'icto.red Lo rise in behalf of the
BOURBONS. Let us hope that this is the fact : but if
so disposed, why do they not Ilse ?
It is reported that a frigate is ordered to Helvoct-
sluis there to wait the arrival of Lord CAsTLEREAGO,
and to convey his Lordship to this country: The fact,
if it be so, only amounts to this—that the period of
his Lordship's return, either with or w ithout a Treaty,
is thought not to be very distant.
Last night the Portsmouth telegriph annonnced
the arrival at that port of the HANNIBAL, 74, with the
Sultana French frigate, of 41 gnus. This is the third
frigate captured during the present war by Sir Mr-
CHAEL SZYMOUR. The Sultana had committed great
depredations among our merchantmen.
The Master of a vessel, arrived at Plymouth from
Madeira, reports that another French frigate had
been taken, and carried into that island, by a cut-
down 74, supposed to he the MAJESTIC.
.Colonel JONES arrived at Lord BATIIVRsT's Office
yesterday with Dispatches from General Sir THOMAS
GRAHAM. They contain no intelligeoce of import-
ance, and relate principally to an arrangemeat now
