PRINCESS SOPHIA OF GLOUCESTER.

A magnificent dress of silver lama, with a splendid border of
rich flowers in brilliant and matted silver, terminated with a
handsome garniture of silver tulle, tastefully relieved with su-
perb b.Lids of silver • the train silver rosc-coloured tissue, trim-
med with silver • the body and sleeves of silver lama, profusely
trimmed with silver;
point and silver. A profusion of dia-
monds and feathers.

Princess ESTIMITAZT—A superb real sliver lama robe, anti
apron studded with diamonds, real silver lama train lined with
rich French white satin. Head-dress, a magnificent plume of
white feathers and superb diamonds. Queen Elizabeth's ruff.
Duchess of Dosourr—A rich gold lama dress, trimmed with
purple ; a gros de Naples train, richly trimmed. Ilead.dress, a
prolusion of diamonds and feathers.
Duchess of Amos—A white net dress ornamented with a
rich embossed India gold trimming ; train, green gros de Naples,
trimmed to correspond.
Duchess of Nxiecasnx—A tulle dress superbly embroidered
In silver lama, intermixed with costly pearls and violet silk ;
train of white satin, with a rich border of violet and silver.—
hlead.dress, feathers, and a profusion of diamondA.
Duchess of Buirotto—A lilac net-dress richly embroidered in
silver lama, and profusely trimmed with silver over white satin ;
maate.o of rich lilac satin, beautifully embroidered in silver to
correspond. Head-dress, ostrich plume and diamonds.
Duchess of Rums:iv—A dress of tulle over white satin, mag-
nificently decor..ted with steel and guirlandes of chenille in pink
and blue rose., intermixed with orange blownns, and bordering
of ate._•l fringe ; the bodice and sleeves richly trimmed with steel
and flowers to correspond, and bea'ttiful blond lace ; manteau of
elega..tly br.ozaded blue satin in stripes, trinin.-d with steel en
suite. I lead-dress, plume of ostrich feathers a,;,1 coronet of
costly di ,monde.
Marchioness of Lawsnowx—A rich white and silver dress ;
white satin train.

Marchioness of SALISBURY—A yellow and silver striped gauze
robe, embroidered in chenille, flowers, and silver; train of yel-
low satin, richly trimmed with tulle and silver. Ilead-dress,
feathers and diamonds.

31archioness cf 'lv:me—A superb dress of rich gold lama,
richly trimmed wais gold and flowers ; train of rich white wa-
tered gros de Naples, embroidered with gold, and lined with
rich French white satin. Ile-ad-dress, diamonds and feathers.
Queen Elizabeth's ruff'. . . .

i‘larchioness of Lotroomtaav—A beautiful embroidered
white dress, with flowers and satin ; train of rich French white
gros d. Napks, lined with rich satin of the same colour, apron
studded all over with costly brilliants and diamonds, forming a
complete diadem, with a magnificent plume of white feathers.
Queen Faizabeth's ruff.

Marchioness of HEavroun—A superb gold lama dress most
richly embroidered over white satin; manteau of rich white
satin embroidered in gold. Head-drayfeathers and diamonds.

Marchioness of Nuarnamrreit—Tulle colonade dress, ele-
gantly embroidered in silver lama, terminating in a rich deep
border,, forming wreaths of sun flowers ; violet satin manteau,
embroidered with silver lama ; body and sleeves to correspond,
with fine point. Ilead-dress, a turban of silver, ostrich feathers,
and diamonds.
Marchioness of CIIOLMONDZLIV—A most superb dress of sil-
ver lama over white manteau of silver lama lined with
white satin. Head-drexs, diamonds and feathers.
Marchionen of Warearono—A splendid silver lama dress
over peach • train of lama colonade to correspond. Mead-dress,
leathers and diamonds.

ILrehioness ofELY— A robe de tulle, magniAeently cmbroi-
dried, over a white satin slip ; train of white satin garnie de
Bead-dress, a profusion of feathers and diamonds.
Countess of liornEs—An embroidered dress over white satin;
suntema of puce cdoured silk gra tie Naples, lined and trim-
med with whit. ...,tin and blond. Bead-dress, diamonds and
feathers.
Countess Azorxe—Train of rich bine and white colotsade
silk, trimmed with rouleaus over a white striped gauze, orna-
mented wi:k blue and white ruches. Ikad-dress, silver applique
and re abets.

Dow I:,:er Countess LivEarom..--An elegant gold brocaded
gauze train, with lane bJrder and blond trimming, over a mag.
inacent brozaded white silk, tastefully ornanicatcd with rich

lama flounces in into3n,, hcrultul wi:h WWI roul:aus ttu-minating
with detached niches. Head-dress to correspond, with a profu-
sion of diamonds and ostrich feathers.

COllllteCS VCRULAIII—A superb silver lama dress over white
satin, elegantly trimmed with lama flounces and blue inter-
spersed, over which was worn a blue Indian crape mantle lined
with white satin, and trimmed with silver vandykts and blond.
neasl.dress, feathers and turquois.
Countess of Covi:Nrav—A magnificent dress of gold lama,
with two deep flounces of rich lama turning over rich white
satin ; robe richly embroidered to correspond. Head-dress,
feathers and a profusion of diamonds.

Countess Psui.rrT--21 superb gold lama dress the hndy trim-
med with Brussels Lice, looped up with diamonds ; white satin
train, trimmed to correspond. Rich gold turban, with plume
of ostrich feathers and diamonds.

Countess of Nmtvitesx—A superb gold lama dress, richly
trinim.:d with flounces, and bordering of the same, over a petti-
coat of white satin ; train of white satin, surrounded by a brilli-
ant bordering of gold lama. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Countess of BEAUCHAMP—A rich lavender figured silk dress,
superbly trimmed with blond lace ; stontacher of diamonds.—
Coronet of the same, with a plume of ostrich feathers.
Countess Almevrats—A splendid gold Lam dress, strewed
with violet foil stones, and waved bortlerings of deep massive
gold fringe, lined with white satin ; the bodice and sleevesrichly
trimmed with gold a;:c1 elegant blond lace ; manteau of rich vio-
let satin, surrounded by a salmi!) applique of gold lama and
fringe en suite. Head-dress, plume of ostrich feathers and a
profusion of dist:toads.
Countess of Ch;:nusrcre— A brilliant silver tissue dress, and
elegant garniture of silver lama, and double ruche bordering, of
satin with silver; bodice and sleeves profusely trimmed with
Brussels lace and silver; manteau of lavender gros de Naples,
trimmed with silver rouleaux. Head-dress, feathers and dia-
monds.

Countess CLosistcrt —A floss silk net dress, with blond ; train
of Naples silk and silver. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Countess Sr. GERMANS—.I silver lama dress, over white
; train of pink, ornamented with silver to correspond.
Ikad-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Countess MuntraY-21 handsome gold lama dress, over white
satin ; train French lilac silk, with gold embroidery to corres-
pond. 1-lead-dress, feathers with a profusion of diamonds.
Countess of GUILIITORII—Rich white satin petticoat, trimmed
tastefully at the bottom with net and silver, over which was
worn a most elegant robe of silver lama, ornamented at the top
with a profusion of rich blond lace; the train of rich gros de
Naples, trimmed with net and silver to correspond with the pet-
ticoat. Head-dress, ostrich feathers and diamondi. _

Countess of ASIIIFIRNIIAM—A white satin petticoat with a
most maguificeat gold lama dress, trimmed at the tap with a
quantity of Brussels point lace ; the train was composed of a
rich verdule gauze, tinumed round with net and gold, which
had a most light and elegant effect. Ilead-dress, ostrich feathers
and diamonds.

The Countess of Wrlivss—A rich dress of real silver lama,
trimmed with roses, the body and sleeves trimmed with very
costly point lace ; apron of diamonds, an 4 train of rich pink
satin, embroidered in silver. Dead-dress, diamonds and a pro-
fusion of feathers. Queen Elizabeth's ruff.
Countess Dowager of Gemnroan—An elegant tulle dress in
columns of rich silver spangled net, superbly trimmed at the
bottom with beautiful flounces of silver lama, body and sleeves
ornamented with silver tassels, and trimmed with broad blond
lace. Ilead-dress, a profusion of diamonds and feathers.
Dowager Countess CARDIGAN—A net dress, richly embroi-
dered with beads; train, white watered gros de Naples.
Dowager Countess of NEWBURGH—An elegant striped gauze,
richly trimmed with blond; train, white satin, edged with sil-
ver and blond. Head-dress, necklace and ear-tings, bandeau
of diamonds and feathers.

Viicomness Timwoarn—A net dress, richly ornamented with
patent pearls and white satin; train, yellow sarcenet, lined with
rich white satin.

Viscountess AlllllllOOl—A most elegmt dress of !.ileer lama,
embfuidered all over, and finished with borders of t:le same ;
nuusteau of peach coloured satin, richiy en:broide:ed with silver.
Head-dress, a magnificent tiara, comb, and bat...:eau of
=mils, plume of ostrich feathers.
Viscountess Enatssioar—.k most elegant gold lama over a
white satin petticoat, with a rich border of gold at the bottom ;
mantua of gold lama and blond lace, with a superb stomacher of
gold and amethysts ; train of lilac mignionctte, ornamented with
gold and tulle. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
_ _

Viscountess GALWAY....-A tulle dress over blue satin, ale-
gintly embroidered columns of white flowers, the border bou-
quets of tulle and pearl beads. Ilead-dress, a profusion of dia-
monds, with an elegant plume of blue and white feathers.
Dowager Viscountess GALWAY—White net dress richly em-
broidered in pearls, and profusely trimmed with Brussels point
over white satin ; manteau of lavender satin trimmed with point
to correspond. Headdress, diamonds and feathers.
lady ConNwaixis—A superb gold lama dress, with a rich
Chinese border to correspond ; train, white gros de Naples.
Lady M. Siorroati--A net dress, richly embroidered with
steel; train, pink watered gros de Naples.
Lady Cuvroan—.l rich gold and white dress; train, green
gros de Naples.
Lady E. ASIIIIURNHAMo..-A rich embroidered net dress, de-
corated with lilac, hyacinths, and silver wheat ; train, white gros
de Naples.
Lady Grwav-4 rich silver lama dress, ornamented with bou-
quets, over white satin ; manteau of pink gross de Naples, with
tasty garniture en tulle, and bouquets. Head-dress, diamonds
and feathers.

Lady FITZHERBERT—A net dress, beautifully embroidered in
silver lama, over a slip of rich white satin ; manteau of white
Bros de Naples, with an elegant garniture en tulle and argent.
(lead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady Amits—A rich lace dress, embroidered with beads, belt
and rows of pearls carelessly thrown over the right shoulder, worn
over a white satin petticoat ; peach-blossom train, superbly trim-
med with laurel, and ornamented with the rose, thistle, and
shamrock. Head-dress, an elegant plume of ostrich feathers
and diamonds.

Lady 'f rzaary —A white net dress, embroidered in floss silk,
and profusely trimmed with blond lace ; manteau of rich blue
satin, with pearls and blond lace. Ilead-dress, feathers and
diamonds.

Lady flaxen—A dress of white satin, covered with tulle, fes-
tooned
with silver, intermixed with bunches of white roses ; a
train of viola satin, bordered with a full russc of net, and rosette
of silver. I lead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady ELIZAIIETII Comrrox—A dress of net, embroidered with
a deep border of pearls, forming drooping bunches of w h"at-
ears ; body with sprays of pearls, sleeves to correspond ; wi:h an
elegant mantcau of white grus de Naples, embroidered with
pearls. Ikad-dress, feathers pearls, and topaze.
Lady Hoinsousg—A figured blond lace petticoat over white
satin, richly ornamented with lace and blue and silver trimming
the train Saxon blue satin, bordered with silver. Head-dress,
ostrich feathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Lady ONGLE:tr—.A ri;:h silver lama dress, over a slip of rich
white satin ; manteau of white satin, elegantly trimmed with
tulle and lama. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.

Lady Worm—A net dress, elegantly embroidered in acier,
over a slip of rich white satin ; manteau of white satin, embroi-
dered in steel to correspond. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady Sonata Lesnier —A white patent net dress, tastefully
ornamented with bouquets and garniture en tulle, over white
satin ; manteau of rich brocaded silk, trimmed with tulle to
correspond. Head-dress, feathers and pink topazes.
Lady Cowee—A white gauze dress, profusely trimmed with
blond, over rich white satin ; manteau of white satin, trimmed
to correspond. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady Betneorer—An elegant embroidered tulle dress over
white satin, ornamented with bunches of roses and orange
flowers; pink gros de Naples train, trimmed with point. Head-
dress, feathers, and a profusion of diamonds.
Lady Alm:re--A very splendid silver lama dress over a white
satin slip, richly ornamented with a full trimming of tulle, in-
terspersed with bands of silver; train and body of white satin,
trimmed with spangled net. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady CoLvlLLs—Dress of white satin and net, richly ern-
brolakered in silver lama; train of lilac gros de Naples. Head-
dress, a plume of white feathers, with diamond ornaments.
Lady COLEBROOXE—A magnificent dress of silver Luna, richly
ornamented with flounces of brilliant mat silver; the corsage and
manteau of splendid lama ever white gros de Naples, completed
with fine blond. Head-dress, feathers, diamonds, and emeralds.
Lady TOIRENS —Over white satin, a rich colunlcle gauze dress,
elegantly trimmed with blood; a beautiful garniture, composed
of blond, interspersed with violets ; train of violet satin, with an
embroidered trimming. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady NEW 11(11.1.-.- t rich colonade ,gitize, worn over white satin,
with a beautiful garniture of tulle, with blue and white satin,
elegantly interspersed with roses to match ; train of blue satin,
ti bunted with gauze rouleau. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.

Lady Er mum:: Lrsnc—A white gauze dress; with a garni•
ture of gauze and bunehrs of white roses; a white bro .adeil
silk mant.:au hand4omely trimmed with gauze and satin. Head-
dress. feathers and pearls.
Lady NloNraces—.l superi. gold I:ma dress over white satin,
bord-r,.d with gold, full trimmed !t h rich Brussels point; train
of c..gring primrose satin, trimmed to correspond. head-dress,
feathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Lady .'Hag Mtn:vacua Seer —An elegant robe of decca
work over pink satin, richly trintm,il with tine Brussels point;
train of pink gros de Naples, bat dered -.ei:ll net, mixed with buds
of oleander to correspond. !lead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady Gtimatts— A dress composed of embroidered net over
'white satin, trimmed with chenille roses, int,rmixed with stet',
forming a drapery up the front of the driss, and terminating
with rich flounces to correspond; tnanteau of enahroidcred net
lined with white satin, finiiheil entirely round w:th a superb
border of drooping bunches of wheat-ear, in steel and chenille.
l-lead.dress, a coronet of feathers, with pearls and diamonds.
Lady AUCINTA CIIICIII4TEIL—A white satin petticoat over a
silver lama dress, trimmed at the tsp with a profusion of rich
blond lace; the train of rich figured gros de Naples, trimmed
with net and gold. llead-dress, ostrich feathers and diamonds.
Lady GEORCLAWA and Lady CAROLINR Paarr—White satin
petticoats, over which were worn rich silver lama dresses,
trimmed with a quantity of most superb blond lace; the trains
white gros de Naples and silver. Head-dresses, ostrich feathers
and diamonds. ,

Lady DesaNnas--Over a petticoat of rich white satin, a mag-
nificent dress of lama, forming columns of brilliant and mit sil-
♦er, each supporting a magnificent bouquet en argent, and ter-
minated with floes of lama. Head-dress. feathers and brilliants.

Ladies &imam, HARRIET, and Faawcts FnseilL()ver deft
white satin petticoats, dresses of tulle, elegantly embroidered with
lacier; corsage and manteau of rich azure gros tie Naples, bor-
dered with graffes of blue and white melange, and ornamented
with blond. Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Ladies C. and I. MosrAner SCOTT —Robes of tulle, elegantly
embroidered in pearl, over dresses of white satin, trimmed with
Brussels point ; white gros de Naples trains, bordered with rich
trimmings of net, satin, and pearls. (lead-dresses, feathers and
diamonds.

lady eraser .411,701 SE—A robe of amethyst coloured crane
over rich white satin, elegantly ornamented with pearls and
mixed clusters of jonquil and evening primrose; train of white
satin, bordered with small bunches of primroses and jonquils to
correspond. Head-dress, feathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Lady (l RANT Kria—A very elegant tulle dress, embroidered
in steel over white satin, lull trimmed with blond ; a rich white
satin train, tastefully hiti:hed with a border of net and satin, or-
namented with st cl. 11:ad•dress, pearls and diamonds, with a
superb ostrich plume, and a necklace of the most costly pearls.
Lady Emmy MACLEOD-- it rich pearl white satin petticoat,
elegantly trimmed with gold; dreu 'of sprigged gold lama,
richly embroidered with gold flounces, to correspond manteau
of lavender watered gros de Naples, elegantly trimmed with
gold. I lead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Lady GA anixra - A rich pearl white satin slip, richly trimmed
with full folds of satin and silver ; dress of sprigged silver lama,
elegantly embroidered with silver flowers, and richly trimmed
with rouleauz of pearl satin, wreathed with silver; manteau of
primrose figured satin, elegantly trimmed with French tulle, in-
terwoven with rich silver trimming. Head-dress, a superb
plume of feathers and diamonds.
Ladies Citatmorm and Ma 1:1' Cones—ltch pearl embroi-
dered dresses, trimmed with vari,g,:ted stocks over white satin;
train of pink, trimmed with superb blond lace. Head-dress,
feathers and wreaths of stocks.

Lady rich white satin dress, elegantly trimmed
with pale amethyst satin and deep blond floances ; white gros
de Naples train, finished to correspond. Head-dress, pearls and
amethysts.
Lady Louisa Lvcow—Magnificent dress of silver lama on
tulle, over a white satin slip, th,.: body and sleeves profusely
trimmed with blond lace and silver to correspond ; tram of white
figured silk. Head-dress, feathers and pearls.
Lady DUDLEY Mix—Petticoat of tulle net, with a rich border
of pearls, embroidered in bunches of wheat ears; the robe .of
blue silk, trimmed with pearls and blond lace. Head-dress,
feathers and diamonds.

Lady SA I'3IA it ES—White net dress, with a trimming composed
of silver fringe and blue satin ; blue satin train, with a richly
embroidered border of silver, and trimmed with Brussels lace.
Ilead-dress, net toque, ornamented with silver and ostrick fea-
thers ; topaze ornaments.
Lady ()emir—A rich net dress over white satin, elegantly
embroidered with a deep border of pearls, forming drooping
Mulches of wheat ears; garniture of satin and pearls to corres-
pond; train, pelt pink satin, trimmed with pearls and blond
lace. Ileed-dress, diamonds and feathers.
Lady white tulle dress over white satin, embroi-
dered richly with pearl ears of corn, trimmed with blond lace,
and with a light blue train. Head-dress, a magnificent plume
of ostrich white and blue feathers, with ornaments of pearls and
diamonds.

Lady ltamsnLN—A superb gold lama dress, with massive
flounces, and trimmed with costly point lace; the train of white
gros de Naples, embroidered with gold. Head-dress, a profthion
of ostrich feathers, diamonds, an jai nets, tastefully arranged.
Lady Etcaxiot laiwrucr.—A rich embroidered silver lama
dress, ornamented with bouquets of flowers, over a light yellow
satin petticoat; a train of yellow gros de Naples, tastefully
trimmed with silver and blond lace. Head-dress, yellow and
white ostrich feathers ; ornaments, diamonds and amaranthus.
Lady COPLEY—An ermine tulle dress, ornamented with ele-
gant blond and tuberoses; train of pink satin to correspond.
Head-dress, feathers and diamonds.

Ludy MONTFORT—A superb pink silver tissue dress, with pink
satin robe, richly trimmed with silver fringe. Head-dress, os-
trich feAth•:rc and diamond...

Lady S. REEVE—An embroidered silver hma dress, over a
white satin petticoat ; train of white satin, ornamented with lama
vandyke. llead-dress, ostrich feathers, diamonds, pearls, and
antaranthuz.

Lady JODRELL--A most superb embroidered dress, with a
rich white satin train, and stomacher of brilliants. Head-dress,
a profusion of diamonds and feathers.
Lady JLENINCHAII—A superb silrer lama dress over a lilac
satin train of figured lilac satin, richly trimmed round with silver
bullion. I lead-dress, ostrich plume and diamonds.
Lady C. Pumas—A handsome dress of tulle, embroidered in
beads; train of pink silk, with trimming to correspond. Head-
dress, fathers and diamonds.
Lady IIILDMAY—A beautiful colonade silver lama dress, over
white satin ; train of rich azure blue silk, lined with white satin,
and handsomely trimmed with silver lama to correspond. Head-
dress, feathers and diamonds. •
Lady JANE STUART—A rich silver lama dress, over white
satin, with train of pink, handsomely embroidered in silver to
correspond. Head-dress, a plume of feathers and pearls.
Lady ISANELLA Bovri—An elegant tulle dress, beautifully
embroidered with pearls, over white satin; a blue lilac train,
with handsome bead fringe to correspond. Head-dress, a plume
of white and lilac feathers.

Lady JANE Hay—An embroidered white tulle dress, over
white satin, with roses at buttons; train of rich silk to corre-
spond. Head-dress, feathers and pearls.
Lady CLINTON—Lress of tulle over white satin, elegantly
trimmed with blond lace and satin en garniture; bodice and
sleeves ornamented with satin and blond lace; manteau of white
brocaded gros de Naples, trimmed en suite. Head-dress, fea-
thers, diamonds, and emeralds.
Lady ELUA BETH MANNERS—•A beautiful dress of tuUe, em-
bruidered en tableau, and ornamented with silk devices and
bouquets of mixed flowers, tastefully arranged ; bodice and
sleeves decorated with flowers to correspond. Head-dress, fea.
thers, diamonds, and pearls.
Lady Louisa nous—A white satin petticoat, over which was
worn a most superb gold lama dress, embroidered at the bottom
a la Delia ; the corsage a la Maria Stuart, trimmed with a pro-
fusion of rich blond lace; train of rich figured white satin, trim-
med round with net and gold intermixed. Head-dress, ostrich
feathers and diamonds. . .

---
Lady GEORGIAN.% WEST--.A white satin petticoat, over which
was worn a must beautiful Brussels point lace dress; the train
was composed of rich white figured gros de Naples, trimmed
most tastefully with net and satin. Bead-dress, ostrich feathers
and pearls.
Lady CHARLOTTE. LUDLOW— A delicate dress of tulle over
white satin, tastefully decorated with bouquets of blush roses a
moutant, and ruche of tulle and satin; bodice and sleeves trim-
med with blond lace; manteau of rich white brocaded gros de
Naples, trimmed en suite. Ilead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Ladies DIA RG AR ET and KAMA RINE CH A IIITERES Elegant
dresses of tulle over white satin, tastefully embroidered with
steel, and decorated with rows ; the bodices and sleeves trim-
med with steel, flowers, and blond lace to correspond ;, man-
teen of pink satin trinuncil en suite. Ilead-dresses, feathers,
.piak topaae, and emeralds.

Lady Fowce—A superb dress of white tulle, a gainlare of
/.:nk ruses, carnations, and corn-flowers; train of white satin.
sit' eelly trirnated with tulle and satin. liead-dres•; diatnot ds
an.l f athers.

Lady Nart.r.r.—A dress of silver lama; train of white satin.
]lad-'n s, plume of v.-hire ostrich feathers and diamonds.
Lady llosmetv—ltch white satin petticoat, covered with a
net dress, superbly embrMdered with blue and pearl 13.. ads,
imished with ruches and rouleaus of satin ; rich blue satin bad),
and r.. •t, lined, full trimmed with beautiful point lace, and
1it.i,1).•.1 with rich bullion cords and tassels. llead-dress, plume
and diamonds.

Lady liv:eloar—A rich net dregs' beautifully embroidered
in steel and floss; a most superb pink satin train, richly urna..
melted with steel and blond. Ilead-dress, a profusion of .114-
mnrds and roses.

Ladr ()sauterne—A white satin petticnat, with a beautiful
net drew, embroidered with pearls and steal, and superb tritir,
richly trimmed with pink ros..s and blond. licad-dre,s, a plume
of feathers and a I.rofusion of diamonds.
Lady CAnorist AlAcoox.u.n—A beautiful French white satin
robe embroidered its gold ; train of rich amethyst coloured pros
de Naples, trimmed with geld, body lined with French white
satin. Head-dress, a diadem consisting of precious stones,
amethysts, rubies, emeralds &c. and a profusion of leathers.-
QU L.ll Mizabeth's rull

Lady SrSAN Noarts—An elegant tulle dress, with rich flauncts
of beautiful blond Iztre, each daance headed w!rh rich silver
spangled trimming, worn over a white satin rettiroat ; robe of
rieL %%lite s tan, with a superb border of rich silver lama, and
trimmed round with brunt Mord lace; body and sleeves, su-
perbly ornamented with blond lace and silver. 'lead-crclet.
diamonds and feathers.

I .ady EMMA Monier lionvcost a—A superb dress of rich with.?
watered gros de Naples, embroidered in gold, the body of goid
la Ninon, festooned with Rowers; Q leen Elizabeth's ruff and
drop cry ; rich French white satin train lined with the same and
old trimmings. Ilead-dress diamonds and feathers.
Lady CAltNti.IF-A white satin petticoat with a beautirel
net and SIIVCr es;, elegantly trimmed with .loud and roses.—
!lea:1-dress. a proftnion of diamonds and feathers.
Lmly 111:NKV How/tan—A splendid dress of silver hMit,
brnhiered in stars and convolvulus ; train of colour blue de ci-
enthrtidered in silver, ala S.:vigni. !lead dress, a ;lame oc
rich ostrich feathers, colour blue de del and white. Bandet.t
of gems. . . . .

G En an Luca WrT Lrst.Er —A superb white leeantine drzts,
richly embroidered with gold, trimmed with sable and gold -
trait] of white levantinc, covered with tulle, richly embroidered
in gold. 1 lead-dress, feathers anti diamonds. lier Ladyship wore
1 sAperb gold stomacher, st t with diamonds and emeralds.
Dowager Lady A RUNIW I.—A superb dress of silver lama, richly
embroidered en tulle, terminating with a double raised border;
body and sleeves elegantly ornamented with fiiie point lace and
roses. Ilead-dress, a plume of 26 rich pink and white ostrich
feathers, with a superb coronet of diamonds. Necklace and
cross to suit.

Hon. Mrs. GEORGE Lrion—Rich white satin dress and man.
teau, trimmed with Brussel; lace and fliwers; bodice and sleeves
en suite. lilt ad-dress, feathers, diamonds, and pearls.
lion. Mrs. TowNscso—Dress of white gossamer net, embroi-
dered a montane, and in bordering with pearls, in vine leaves,
and cluster; of grapes, decorated with satin flowers and ruches
of tulle. Ilead.dress, feathers and diamonds.
lion. Mrs. Boyne—.l tulle dress, embroidered in steel; train
of white gros de Naples silk ; head-dre+s, feathers and diamonds.
Hon. Mrs. et.trroan--A rich blond dress, decorated with
white roses and blond ; train, white satin.
Hon. Mrs. FANS—A net dress, richly embroidered in steel,
over a white satin slip; train of peach satin, trimmed with steel,
to correspond; head-dress, diamonds and farther:.
Hon. Mrs. Lricii—A white colunade bu3le. dress racer white
satin; train of French lilac, ornamented to correspond; head-
dress, feathers and diamonds. _ . .

Colonel Ikon BAIL LIE-A splendid colonade silver lama
train, lined with white satin, over a dress of the same with treble
flounces, and ornamented at top with blond ; head-dress, plume 2.4'
of white ostrich feathers, with diamonds,
Mrs. Gunanrino--A ri:11 white satin petticoat, over which
a silver lama dress, trimmed with blond lace; train of rich pink
gros de Naples, trimmed with net and silver; head-dress, os-
trich feathers and diamonds. _

Mrs. Hosircav—ltich sprieged gauze dress, trimmed with
blond lace, and finished at the bottom with a garniture of tulle
and satin, clasped with blue roses; inanteau of rich blue watered
Eros de Naples trimmed with gauze; head-dress, a turban and
feathers, with blond lappets and diamonds.
Mrs. Colonel BRUMII::AD—Itich striped gauze dress over a
petticoat of white satin, handsomely trimmed with white roses
and blond lac 4. ; nianteau of rich white satin. Head-dress,
feathers am! pearls.
Mrs. !less maz,nificent dress of silver lama en tulle,
over a rich white satin petticoat, flounces of silver embroidery,
headed with wreaths of silver roses, and finished with silver
cord and tassels; train of rich white satin, trimmed with a
broad silver fringe ; sleeves and body ornamented with coloured
stones and diamonds. Ikad-dress, feathers and diamonds.
Mrs. PiCARDA net dress embroidered with pearls, and
trimmed with blond lace ; manteau of pearl figured gros de Na-
ples. Head-dress, a coronet of feathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Mrs. llansav—A richly end-roidered white net dress, in
pearls, beads, and blond lace, over a white satin petticoat ; train,
white satin, tastefully ornamented with pearls and blond lace.
Head-dress, diamonds and feathers. •
Mrs. CATIIERO Distrav—Robe of white crape, lined with
white satin, trimmed with IN. autiful rich blond, festooned with
a drapery of roses and lilies of the valley. Head-dress, feathers
and diamonds.

Mrs. CHAMPION Ilrstoav:—A superb gold lama dress, with a
train of white figured gros de Naples, richly embroidered %%;t1
gold to correspond. Ilead.dress, gold lama toque, elegantly or-
namented with pearls and ostrich feathers.
Mrs. WILKINS—A most superb silver lama, trimmed with
rich blond lace, worn over white satin ; a Tvhite satin train ele-
gantly embroidered with silver lace. Head-dress!, diamonds
and feathers.

.11Irs. Colonel COOPER— A magnificent dress, embroidered
with silver over white satin ; a tul!e and silver garniture headed
with silver fringe to correspond ; robe of white satin, superbly
ornamented with rich silver fringe and blond lace. Head-dress,
a profusion of ostrich feathers and diamonds.

Mrs. UTTERSON—A very elegant dress of embroidered tulle
over rich white satin, trimmed with blond and ornamented with
roses ; a pink guts de Naples train finished with a border to
correspond. Head-dress, feathers, diamonds, and emeralds.
Mrs. BARNARD—A dress of rich white applique and tulle, ele-
gantly trimmed with blond; a rich blue gros de Naples train.
with garniture of pearls and blond to correspond with the dress.
Ilead-dress, a superb plume of ostrich feather, and diamonds.
Mrs. MANNERS SUTTON— BiChi white satin petticoat, covered
with a net dress, beautifully embroidered with gold lama; body
and train, rich emerald green satin, tiimmed with gold fringe.
Mrs. WATSON TATI.OR-A. rich embroidered net dress, most
elegantly trimmed with rich blond and flowers ; a beautiful
figured train, richly Ululated. Mead-dress, a profusion of dia.
mends and feathers.

Mrs. MURRAY—A white satin petticoat, with a net dress,
elegantly trimmed with point lace and satin ; a train of green
grosde Naples moire, trimmed with pent ls, ruses, and blond.

Mrs. POYNTZ—A net petticoat over White. Will, r.uperhly em.
bruidered in bunches of tube roses and wheat ; the body I it 1
sleeves embroidered to correspond, and full trimmed with rich
French blond ; train of silver gros de Naples, trimmed with blond
and Lapland rouleau. 'lead-dress, feathers and diamonds.
lion. Miss Auinsurcer—An elegant tulle dress, tastefully em-
broidered with hunches of Bowers, composed of tulle and pearls
interspersed with emerald green, and.pearl shells and stars; the
train rich green silk, superbly embroidered to correspond; the •
body and sleeves magnificently embroidered with pearls, and
elegantly erinuned with blond lace. Head-dress, feathers and
diamonds.

Hon. Miss IT. ADDINGTON—A superb dress of tulle embroi-
dered in silver the border wreaths of silver dahlia, tastefully in-
terspersed with bunches of blue flowers, terminated with an
elegant niche of tulle and silver, richly embroidered. The trjo
rich white silk, embroidered with blue and silver, to correspond
with the dress; the body and sleeves blue arid silver, eleiant!z
trimmed with blond lace. dead-dre ;s, feath.rs and diamonds.
Misses A. M. F. and J. MaNNEas SuTros:—Superb silver
gauze dresses, over rich white satin, with elegant garnitures :nf
striped silver, in festoons and leaves ; satin trains, trim:met
with silver, rich silver cord and tassels. ilea f-dress, feathers
and diamonds.
Misses Caitounz and CATHARINE N. St•TTON—SUperts silver
gauze dresses, over rich white satin, with elegant garnitures of
striped silver, in festoons and leaves ; blue satin trains, trimmed
with silver, rich silver cord aral to-,t1,. Bead-drys:)_ feathers
and pearls.
Miss Russzt.r.—A fine ttillc. dress, aver -vhite satin, weli

garniture beautifully appliqued In roses and rose-buds; body and
sleeves superbly ornamented With jewels, a white satin train,
richly trimmed to correspond. Head-dress, feathers and a pro-
fusion of diamonds.
Miss Maction—A petticoat of blue gros de Naples ; a white
net dress, elegantly embroidered with steel; manteau of blue
gros de Naples, tastefully trimmed with wreaths of satin and
French tulle. Head-Tress, a superb plume of bide and white
feathers, and ornaments of steel.
Miss ARBUTHNOT—A rich white satin petticoat, over which
was worn a net dress, trimmed tastefully at the bottom with
blond lace and satin intermixed with pink roses, the corsage
a la Maria Stuart. trimmed with blond lace and roses to corres-
pond with the bottom. Head-dress, ostrich feathers and diamonds.
Miss Homenar—A dress of tulle over white satin, embroi. '
dered with pearls and white roses, and finished at the neck and
sleeves with blond and pearls, with rich tassels; mantua of pink
watered grosi de Naples, with a garniture of pink and white
gauze. Head-dress, a coronet of feathers and blond lappets,
with pearl ornaments.
Miss Pococe—An elegant plain tulle dress, with silver lama
border over white satin ; French lilac train to correspond.—
Head-dress, a plume of feathers.
Miss Moose—A gold lama dress over white satin ; elegant
train to correspond. Head-dress, feathers and pearls.
Misses Coweta—Handsome silver lama dresses, with pink
roaleaus over white satin; trains of pink silk trimmed to corres-
pond. Head-dress, pink and white feathers.
Miss Assam Hoznousa— A blond lace petticoat over white
satin, tastefully ornamented with a French trimming of white
pink and silver; train, a rich figured pink silk. head-dress,
ostrich feathers and pearls.
Miss SPARROW—A beautiful embroidered wheatsheaf silver
lama dress, ornamented at bottom with pink and silver tuberoses
over white satin; train of white watered gros de Naples, with
roses to correspond. Head-dress, fathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Miss AUGUSTA Lzum—A pink bugle dress over white satin ;
train of pink to correspond. Head-dress, a plume of white
feathers.
Miss Wrznast—A richly embroidered tulle dress in pearls,
el:gantly designed, and trimmed with blouel lace, over white
satin ; manteau of rich pink satin; lined with white, and trim-
med with blond lace, and pearls to correspond.
Miss Ba.vrieras--An elegant dress of tulle over white satin,
very handsomely embroidered in raised festoons; a white bro.
ended silk manteau, ornamented with bloud lace, tulle and satin.
Head-dress, feathers and pearls.
Bliss and Miss D. DAVlSON—Elegant tulle dresses, with gar-
nitures of roses; trains of rich brocaded silk, trimmed with blond
lace. Headdresses, feathers and pearls.
Miss DONCAth-Over a white satin dress, a net, with a deep
border of wheat-ears and flowers iu steel, with a full garniture,
to correspond; train of pale pink satin. Head-dress, Lathers
and pearls.
Miss SAUHAILU—A dress of white satin, superbly embroidered
with silver bullion; pink lustring train, trimmed with silver and
blond Lice; head-dress, bandeau of silver and feathers, with
pearl ornaments.
Miss and Mints F. and G. JCZNlNGHAM—Embroidered silk
net dress, adorned with roses; corsage of rich silver tissue,
trimmed round the bosom and waist with roses; train of white
watered gros de Naples, finished round the entire edge with a
garniture of roses; head-dress, ostrich feathers.
Miss Joss.— A white net dress, ornamented with bouquets
and blond lace over white satin; a richly brocaded pink man.
tem, with tasty garniture in tulle and Bents; head-dress, pink
and white feathers and pearl.%
Bliss Fri es— dress of white silk net, richly embossed in
white satin, with trimmings of the same, and blond to corre-
spond; a train of white satin; necklace and eu-rings of turquois
and diamonds; bead-dress, a plume of ostrich feathers, with
blue and silver flowers.
Miss Fasay Frtra—The same, with necklace and ear-rings of
pink, topaze and piet, and silver flowers.
Miss FaaxSHAw—A beautiful dress of silver lama, over a
white satin petticoat ; robe of rich white satin, trimmed to cot-
respond. Head-dress, feathers and a profusion of amethysts.
Miss Act .1241).•-•Ala elegant embroidered net petticoat over a
French white satin slip ; body of silver tissue ; train of French
white gros de Naples, trimmed with silver.
Miss Fur:vas—A white net dress, richly embroidered with
pink satin flowers and steel beads, worn over white satin ; man-
teau of pink gros de Naples, trimmed to correspond. lit:ad-
dress, white feathers and pink topazes.
Miss Coes: essy and Miss STUART COUNTSNAT—Dresses of
white not, beautifully decorated In flowers of pearl; trains to
correspond. Ilead-dresses, plumes of white feathers, with pink
topazes set in pearls ; necklaces, ear-rings, and bracelets also to
correspond; lappets of rich lace.
Miss Botto—An ekgant white tulle dress, richly ornamented
with pink applique and tulle ensemble ; manteau of rich pink
satin, and trimmings of tulle and satin interspersed. Ilesd-
di ass, rich plume of ostrich feathers and diamonds.
Miss DAWSON—A white tulle dre-s,cinbroideted with Roman
pearls, passion flowers, and heart's-ease, terminated at the
battom with a chevaux de filar of pink crape ; train of green
figured gros de Naples, finished all round with alternate white
and red roses. Head-dress, pink feathers and emerald ornaments.
Miss CAISOLINS llswsoN—A handsome figured gauze dress,
trimmed with blond and bouquets or roses and jessamine ; body
ald train of blue and silver tissue. Head-dress, blue leathers
and diamonds.
Miss Jeavoisa—A dress of pink crar.: ovar white satin, taste-
rally ornamented with pink and blush roses; white inignionette
train, trimmed with net, and roses to correspond. Ilead.dress,
feathers, pearls, and diamonds.
Miss Seneca —A white crape dress over rich white satin,
bordered with an elegant trimming of satin, net, and variegated
roses; train of white gros de Naples finished with tulle and
satin, intermixed with small variegated rose-buds. Head-dress,
feathers and pearls.
Miss Eassniz—A white net dress, elegantly trimmed with
blond and satin; a train of rich pink gros de Naples sumac,
richly uhnmed with pearls, blond, and satin.

REJOICINGS LV TILE COUNTRY.
FORT REGENT-JERSEY.

Amongst the various demonstrations of loyalty and
devoted attachment to our beloved Sovereign, GEORGE
the FOURTH, which the recent auspicious solemnity
of his MAJESTY'S Coronation has so universally pro-
duced, iL becomes one of our most pleasing duties to
notice the magnificent entertainment at Fort Regent,
given on the memorable occasion, by the Officers of
the 12th Regiment of Foot. Since the arrival of this
distinguished old Regiment on the Island, we have
had many opportunities of observing how much the
exemplary conduct of the men has contributed to our
comfort and happiness, while the gentlemanly qua-
lities of the Officers could not fail to render them
objects of just attraction in that society on which
their polished manners and acquirements reflected so
much additional lustre. The splendid Fete we allude
to was arranged and conducted in such a manner as
snore than fulfilled the expectations which were na-
turally excited, by our previous knowledge of the re-
fined and elegant taste of the gallant hosts. To enter
into a minute description of the exquisite specimens
of taste and fancy which were display ed on this in-
teresting occasion, would far exceed our limits ; we
eau, therefore, only say, that the tout ensemble was
such as to present the appearance of enchantment,
more than the delightful reality which existed. One
of the large Mess-rooms of the Fort having been ap-
propriated to the Ball, was bitted up and decorated
in a style of elegance, which surpassed anything of
the kind we have ever seen : devices, composed of
variegated lamps, &c. emblematical of the glorious
object of celebration, eierywhere met the eye of the
enraptured guests ; while a profusion of laurels, and
other evergreens, were made to encircle a beautiful
collection of transparencies, representing the many
brilliant victories, in various quarters of the globe, in
which the 12th Regiment bore so conspicuous a part.
The design and execution of those representations re-
flect the highest credit on one of the Officers of the,

Corps, whose skill and taste in this beautiful species
of ornament, is well known and appreciated.
The company, which consisted of all the rank and
fashion resident on the island, in addition to the many
distinguished families and individuals who at this
delicious season visit our picturesque scenery, amount-
ing in all to upwards of 200 persons, were assembled
and received by the Officers at about nine o'clock,
when the Ball was opened with an English country
dance. Afterwards that beautiful 'movement, the
quadrille, so eminently calculated to display to just
advantage the angelic forms of our fair Islanders,
assumed its wonted sway, and continued with little
intermission until one, when a signal from the musi-
cians caused the company to proceed to the tents in
the Barrack-square, in which supper was prepared.'
We need scarcely observe, that the banquet was corn-'
posed, of every delicacy which the season affords, or
could be procured from the, mother-country and the
neighbouring French coast, and was served up in a
style of elegant hospitality. The appropriate toasts
proposed from the Chair, were of course preceded by
" the health of our most gracious Sovereign King
GEORGE the Fourth," with a suitable Address, fully
embracing the ardent sentiments of love and attach-
ment for his MAJESTY'S sacred person and Govern-
ment which animated the bosom of every individual
of this delightful assembly. Dancing was soon after
resumed, and continued with the greatest spirit until
the following day was well advanced, when the com-
pany, with visible reluctance, separated, deeply im-
pressed with the elegance of the entertainment, and
with sentiments of the most enthusiastic admiration
of the memorable and glorious event which they
were invited to celebrate.
LEOMINSTER, JULY 31.

At Leominster, the day of the Coronation was ce-
lehrated with every mark of respect. The Corpora-
Lion and many inhabitants dined at the King's Arms,
the Chief Magistrate in the Chair. During the after-
noon several appropriate toasts were given, with con-'
gratulatory sentiments expressing attachment to our
crowned Sovereign, &c. and a variety of songs, which
contributed not a little to promote the general hila-
lity. The day closed with a grand display of fire-
works, and a masked ball, the characters in which
were well sustained. Thii auspicious day will long
be remembered by the inhabitants, and recounted by
their children, to their children's children.

THE FUNDS.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O.CLOCII
Bank Stock 2321/4 %—S per Ct. ltedu. 76 %
3 per Cent. Cons. 7578 76 % Sa
31/4 per Cent. 861/8-4 per Cent. 9514 95 1/8
5 per Cent. Navy, 109 103?1
Long Anus. 193/8 9-16—Imp. 3 per Ct. 75 IA 7 V/8
India Bonds 575. 595. pr.—Exch. Bills 6... 4s. ss. pt.
Consols for Account 761/4 1/4 755 76.

TOMKINS'S PICTURE LOTTERY, TO-MORROW—
A RED AND A BLACK Ticg.ET 3s. EACH),
ARE SURE OF A PRIZE!

The Paris Papers of Tuesday arrived this forenoon.
The Constitu:io,:!:e! contains the following extract
of a private letter from Smyrna, dated 19th June,
two days later than the accounts from that place
which we yesterday extracted from the Monitcur :
" Within these four days past the European Con-
suls and Agents, who have taken refuge on board
the vessels in the roads, have seen their houses and
stores sacked by the Turkish populace, joined to the
Janizaries. This un.lisciplined race, after killing
their Lieutenant-General, who opposed himself to
their fury, used such force with the Paella of Cesarea,
that he was obliged to allow them to do as they
pleased. Thus in a few days the first sea-port of the
Levant, the opulent Smyrna, its magazines, its
riches, and its prosperity, have disappeared.
" All that was Christian, Armenian, or Frank, is
exterminated ; the Catholic and orthodox churches
are a prey to the fury of an unbridled people, ex-
cited by a thirst of plunder and by fanaticism. I

reckon at about 12,000 the number of Christians of
all ages, and of both sexes, who have fallen under
the poigniards of the Maltometans, who no longer con-
ceal their design of extirpating Christianity, and
transforming their empire into another ancientTatu ida,
where Europeans shall be as little admitted as in Ja-
pan. The city of Sidonia, which the Turks call Iva-
dia, and in which there are about 30,000 Christians,
has been set fire to by the Tusks, who have put to
the sword all the inhabitants capable of bearing arms,
and carried into slavery in the interior the women
and children. The Colleges, the Churches, the In-
firmary, the Public Library, the whole of this flourish-
ing city, exists no more l"
The disastrous intelligence contained in this letter
is confirmed by a Vienna article of the 12th of June,
in which it is stated, that, " according to letters from
Smyrna, dated the 17th of June, the troops of Asia'
had forced their entrance into the town, and killed
the Governor, the Cadi, and the Mollah, who en-
deavoured to keep them out. They afterwards pil-
laged and assassinated all the Christians who had
not taken refuge on board the European ships."
The accounts from Constantinople come down tol
the 24th of June. They are also of a most afflicting
description. The losses at sea had still further exas-
perated the SULTAN and the populace; the houses of
the Greeks were all given up to be pillaged; and
the Jews served as spies and guides to the populace.
The women and children had either been assassi-
nated or carried off as slaves. The Greeks, natives
of the Morea, were first given up to the people ; 300,
who survived the massacre, were sold at from 20 to
25 piastres, with the condition that the purchasers
should transport them into Asia.
A letter given in the Courier Franpais, dated Con•
• stantinople, June 22, adds, " The fury of the Mussul-
mans of this Capital having preyed for upwards o .

three months upon the unfortunate Greeks, and being
almost exhausted by a series of massacres, Legins to
be directed against the most wealthy Armenian
Christians. This people, deriving its origin from
Asia, exasperates the Turks still more by a similarity
of dress and language : the Armenian language is
used only in the Churches. These persecuted Arme-
nian Christians, jointly with the Greeks, compose al
population estimated at 200,000 persons ; being dis-
armed like them, thq are likely to become the vic-
tims of the same cruelty, and Constantinople will
soon lose half its population."
The Russian Ambassador, Srnocoxarr, was still at
Bujukdere, and strictly watched. He is neither per-
mitted to send nor to receive letters. He had suc-
ceeded in embarking his family for Odessa, but the
populace insulted them test grossly during their
embarkation ; they even fired upon the ship. Some
Greek families had also escaped.

The Emperor ALEXANDER has, it appears, not only
permitted the Greek Patriarch, who had been exe-
cuted at Constantinople by order of the SULTAN, to
.be buried at Odessa, but has honoured his remains
with a solemn funeral ceremony. Numbers of the
Clergy, from various Russian Governments, assem-
bled at Odessa to attend on this occasion ; and Rus-
sian soldiers, to the amount of eight thousand, under
the command of Count LA NCERON, lined the avenues
through which the procession passed. A still more
useful mark of benevolence towards the Greeks, on
the part of his IMPERIAL MAJESTY, was a remittance
of 100,000 roubles, to be distributed among the poor
fugitives from the Turkish capital, who crowded the
streets of Odessa.

According to letters received in Vienna from Sem.

lin, of the 3:1 ult. the posts from Seres and Salonica
had been interrupted for twelve days. As the incur•
rcction of the Greeks had spread to Pharsalia and
Larissa, it was suspected that troubles had also broken
out in Salonica. A courier arrived at Belgrade the
'AI of July, brought intelligence that HASSEM PACIIA,
who fought ALI PACIIA, of Joannina, was in full re-
treat towards Macedonia.

. French 5 per Cents. Monday, 86 fr. 25 c.

TILE NORTHERN EXPEDITION.

We have been favoured with the following interest-
ing extract of a letter from one of the Gentlemen
employed on the Northern Expedition :

" His Majesty's ship Fury, liu.lson's Bay, the
Coast of America, June eo, 1821.

" I take the opportunity of writing you, by the re-
turn of the Nautilus transport, which accompanied
us to carry our heavy stores. We have had an ex-
cellent passage from the Orkneys to this part of the
world ; the weather, however, since we have been
here, has not been so favourable.
aWe have made two attempts to unload the 1
transport, having made fast to icebergs for that
purpose, but have been blown off successively by
heavy gales, with the loss of some of our boats from
the deck, and no small share of tribulation for the
transport, which has not been properly fortified for
the ice. She has come off, however, very well, con-
sidering everything, having only lost the copper from
her bows. We are now taking advantage of a fine
day, and hope to get rid of her in
,a day or two,
and to proceed upon our destination.
" We made an island about a week ago, called
Resolution Island, where we expected to see some
Indians, but there was so much ice between the ships
and the land, that we could not get in.
a I can hardly give you an idea of our intended
route, or, more properly, of our ideal route; first, be-
cause our course must, in a great measure, depend
upon the state of the ice; secondly, for want of a
chart ; for those in common use are so incorrect in
the general outline of the coast, as to be perfectly
useless. If, however, you should fall in with a good
map of the country, I will tell you the track we shall
endeavour to take.

" After making Cape Farewell, the southern ex-
tremity of Greenland, in lat. 59. N. and long. 44.
W. we proceeded nearly due west between Cape
Chidley, on the Labrador Coast, and Resolution
Island, in lat. 61. 40. N. and long. 63. W. where we
now are; from hence we intend to steer, if wind and
ice will permit, about a North-west course, and en-
deavour to explore an inlet to the East of Repulse
Bay, which has never yet been entered by any one
but Fox, about 150 years ago ; thence we shall pro-
ceed to Hearne's Sea, where we shall winter (if we get
there) ; then to Mackenzie's Sea, Bchring's Straits, &c.
" All the Officers are exceedingly agmable, and
I have but little doubt we shall spend the winter very
comfortably together. We are all preparing our
rifles for shooting deer, with which these islands
abound. We are, however, exceedingly well off in
the eating way—plenty of fresh beef, mutton, pork
eggs, fish, and poultry on board, besides sheep, pigs:
and 22 fine bullocks, on board the transport, and
potted meats and soups of all kinds for more than
three years, so that our salt provisions we scarcely
need taste the whole voyage, unless we choose.
" The mean temperature where we now are is
about 35° Fahrenheit, the sun just skimming below
the horizon at this time at midnight, so that we have
constant day, which you may conceive is a great
comfort in navigation amongst ice. An apparatus was
yesterday let down to the depth of 500 fathoms, for
bringing up water: its temperature by a registering
thermometer was 10y degrees Fahrenheit; that at

the surface Leing 96 degrees. The specific gravit7,: t
the same depth, was 1.0278, and at the surface,
1.0260. Our position, as determined astronomical)v
is always to the north-west of our dead reckonin,!
from which it appears, that there is a cr./nee:ft cur-
rent setting from the north-west to south-east:

DREADFUL FIRE AT B.4RBADOES.

" Barbadoes, June ii, 1821.

" We are sorry to announce the intelligence of a
most dreadful fire, which took place at Bridge
Town, Barbadoes, June 10th, and which is supposed
to have originated through the carelessness of a
baker; the conflagration soon spread in all direc.
tions, with the most alarming rapidity, and the
town presented a scene of confusion and dismay which
no pencil can depict. A strong south-east wind added
to the fury of the flames. The inhabitants were per.
fectly aware of the necessity of immediate exertion;
nevertheless, so great was their amazment, that
they were unable to render the least assistance,
until the arrival of the 4th (or King's Own) Regi-
ment of Foot, who, with the utmost al.icritv and
sangfroid, threw aside their arms and accoutranent,
rushed into the flames, and at the hazard of their

lives, saved many individuals from the devourin,
element; and at the same time prescrve', much valu-
able property, which would otherwise have been de-
, stro(ed or plundered.
In fact, the exertions of the 06.1cers and men
were beyond all praise, and will leave a lasting im-
pression on the inhabitants of 'his Island. We lave
not yet been able to ascertain the amount of the pro-
perty destroyed, but it must be very considerable, as
upwards of sixty houses were consumed.

.‘ We are much indebted to General Manwar'
for his exertions, and the prompt assistance affordeti
by the Garrison, but for which the greater part of
the town must have been burned."
