1111511 INFORM BILL.

Mr. STANLEY gave notice, that on Thursday next be
would move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the repre-
sentation 'of Ireland, and that on Friday next he would
move for leave to bring in a bill for regulating the imports.
tion of arms and ammu: hien into Inland, and the keeping
of them bete.

OItOWTH Of TOBACCO 111 IR[LAItD•

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtair,ed
leave to bring in a bill to prohibit the growth of tobacco in
Ireland.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved for
leave to bring in a bill to rtduce the salary of the Muter of
His Majesty's Mint.—Leave given.
Mr. S. RICE laid on the table papers relating to the
cholera morbus.— Ordered to be printed.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
house adjourned at a quarter past one o'clock.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

HAMBURGH PAPERS.
RECEIVED THIS DAY.

Sr. PETERSISURG, JUNE 11.—The journals of
the last three days contain various official reports
from the army in Poland, relative to the various ac-
tions, to the battle of Ostrolenka inclusive.

Accounts from Archangel, of the 27th of May,
say that no foreign ship had yet arrived there: the
inland trade was very active. 460 ships have al-
ready arrived at Croustade, and 172 have sailed.
FRONTIERS Of POLAND, JUNE 18.--The
death of Field-Marshal Diehitsch has made, as ap-
pears from several accounts, a deep impression even
,on the Poles. They confided in his humanity and
moral feeling ; and, whatever some journalists of
Warsaw may hare said to detract from him, the
better part of the Polish nation, and especially the
army, highly esteemed him, and admired his unva-
rying considerate humanity, during a war which
might easily have incited a less humane com-
mander to cruel acts of vengeance. His death is
therefore considered, in Poland itself, as an unfor-
tunate event,

According to authentic accounts from Warsaw,
the main Polish army has marched towards Nur,
and the river Leiviec. Gen. Uminaki, whom the
Polish journals have not mentioned for some time,
is said to have now received his discharge, as well
as the chief of his Staff, Gen. Pradzinski.

HAMBunG, JUNE 23.—His Majesty the King
of Denmark arrived yesterday evening in Altona,
when the Hotel Kainville was prepared for his re-
ception. He was welcomed with the most joyful
acclamations.

STOCK HOLM, JUNE 17.—His Majesty's schoo-
ner Experiment, which was sent to Riga en the i
Ist inst. has now returned, and Lieutenant Hjelm
who commands, has given his report to the board of •
quarantine. He arrived on the 6th off Dunamande,
refused the pilot who came out, and desired that
the Council should come to him, who accordingly
came alongside the next day in a boat, and without
coming on board, made a verbal report to him.
The schooner did not receive a later, or have any
other communication with ships or with the shore,
or with any other person, and all on board are well.
The account given by the Council is as follows :
It was not till the 26th of May that the cholera
was noticed in the town of Riga, whi-
ther it came from Schaulen, in Lithuania,
without the intervening country being affected by
it. Up to the 6th, about 900 persons had died at
Riga. Every body was convinced that it was not
contagious, but came from the atmosphere. Death
lor recovery speedily followed the attack. The
Isymptoms of the cholera were, throwing up water,
with a kind of flux, the mass of the blood be-
comes thin, and almost like water. The pre-
ventives employed at Riga were chlorate of
Lima to fumigate chambers, or dissolved in vinegar
to sprinkle them. Peppermint tea was also con-
sidered to be a preservative. The labouring poor,
and inferior classes at Riga, were chiefly attacked
by the disease, which was greatly abating. Ac-
cording to the accounts of that day, there were
some slight appearances of the disorder at Mittau.
There had been likewise some vague* reports that
it had shown itself at Hamburgh. In Livonia and
the army it had nearly disappeared, and in the places
where it now manifests itself, no fears of its being
contagious are felt. The Consul bad, however,
intimated to all Swedish and Norwegian ships, that
wherever they went, they would be placed under
quarantine. There were at that time many Swe-
dish and Norwegian ships at Riga, which were
chiefly laden with provisions for the Government,
to go to Danzig. On board several of the
ships, especially the English, a great part of the
crews bad the Cholera.

HAMBURG, JUNE 22.—According to accounts
from Riga of the 13th, the number of persons at-
tacked by the Cholera to the 12th, was 2,341,-
1,202 bad died, 675 recovered.
Letters from Archangel say, that there have
been three cases of Cholera there.—Hamburg
Papers, line 24.

• These reports are indeed very •ague, as well as a simi-
lar notice in the Journal Universe' of Carbruke. Tiny are
both unworthy of serious contradiction bere...(Note of the
Editor of Han sh Bonen Halle.)

EXCLUSIVE EXTRACTS.
PARIS, SUNDAY EVENING.—We know front
a certain source that, on the 7th current, General
Chrzanosyski obtained an important advantage
over the corps of the army of General Ptudigel.
The affair took place at two miles from Zamose.
The details have not yet arrived.—Courriet (k
Warsaw.

The Prussian Regency at Koningsberg has pro-
hibited the exportation of powder, and other objects
of war into Poland and into Lithuania, where the
insurrection exists. Nothwithstanding, the Prus-
sians furnish to the Russians ammunition, provi
sions, linen, cloth, and even superfluities. If we
do not find justice here below, there is• n Gun
above who will avenge us.— Alessager Polonais.
The Gazette de Necker announces that the
cholera-morbus has just burst out in the environs
of Franfort-su r- le- M ain .—La Revolution.
It is announced that the Turkish fleet, which
was placed under the command orthe Capitan
Pacha, and which was believed to be destined to
cruise before the coasts of Greece, is directed
upon Alexandria. Will it be to depose the Pacha,
and cause that country to re-enter under the do-
minion of the Grand Seignior? It will be remem-
bered that the Capitan Pacha has already attempt.
ed a similar expedition. It appears that this time
the Porte has taken better measures.--Le Temps.
At Tomaszow, behind Zsmosc, says the Gazeti,
of Warsaw, our advanced posts arrested a Russian
officer, carrying despatches to Austria. A short
time after, a squadron of Austrian light horse
crossed our frontier, and advanced unto the village
of Wieprzowe-Jezioro. After having communicated
with the Russian advanced posts, they returned.
If that news is confirmed, we shall have no more
doubt upon the violation of the neutrality.—
Gazelle de Prusse.

The English Government has invited Don Pedro
to come to London, in order to confer with him
upon the state of Brazil, and upon the measures
to be taken against the usurpation of Don Miguel,
and for the preservation of the rights of the young
Queen of Portugal, which were guaranteed by the
solemn arrangements in which the Courts of Eng-
land and Austria took part. We are assured that
the ex-Emperor has the intention of passing over
to the continent again, as soon as possible, to esta-
blish himself in Bavaria. The French Government
does not appear to have been very desirous to re-
tain him in France.—Le Kational.

It cannot be disguised that foreign affairs will
not stand in a very favourable point of view at the
convccation of the Chambers. The reports which
circulate on the formation of a camp on the fron-
tier of the north, by the pressing orders despatched
by Marshal Soult, are not chance reports. The
resolution of the King of Holland to have re-
course to arms; the probable support he will re-
' ceive from a great power ; the disposition mani-
fested by Prince Leopold ; and especially the firm
determination of the Belgians to maintain
firmly their rights and liberties after the
thirtieth day of June—these are facts, against
which argument can do nothing. It will depend
on the president of the council to stand out
against the evidence —to postpone opportune
and perhaps urgent arrangements ; but events
cannot be modified, in spite of the system
which strives to enchain us. These events
render nearly inevitable recourse to hostilities
in Belgium ; and ts ill not permit us to remain
idle spectators of the struggle ready to be engaged
in. The cannon which celebrates the anniversary of
July, may soon have to echo upon the frontier;
without seeking war, it may be necessary to ac-
crept it when it presents itself, and to be ready to
follow it up with vigour. " The population who
cried out, upon the journey of the King, " Long
live the Pules," are now ready ; but there must be
a patriotic Chamber—energetic and well imbued
with the national spirit; and which knows, in case
of need, how to make an appeal to it. With a
feeb!e and indecisive Chamber, we should lose the
half of our force, and of our resources. It is not
only our repose—our interior prosperity—which
are in the hands of the electors; it is also the sal-
vation of the country, Covrrier Francais.
VIENNA,JUNE 9.—The following remonstrance,
in the Latin language, was presented to the Em-
peror by the Committee of Baau, in Hungary;
22 other Committees have followed that example:
—" Whilst time has brought about in the course
of a year, with the rapidity of lightning, events
which ages might not have produced, we are asto-
nished, but joyful at the same time, to see our
dear country, after having thrown off the yoke of
barbarians, enjoy the most profound calm under
the happy and mild government of your Majesty,
and under the shield of our constitutional inde-
pendence, which assures your throne and our pros-
perity. But on the other side, we cannot conceal
the extreme grief which afflicts us, because of the
unjust war waged upon the frontiers of our country
against a nation which is allied by its vicinity and by
Kings given and received reciprocally, and which,
when the Ottoman Power threatened the capital of
the imperial states, joined its victorious arms to
ours under Charles of Lorraine, to aid us to triumph
over the tyrant, preserve the throne to the house of
Habsbourg, and render liberty to our country, and
to our ancestors the hope of more happy times. lf,
then, we remember with gratitude those signal ser-
vices, and if we consider the inconstancy of the
destiny of nations, such as history represents it to
us, we shall find that that inconstancy, which
breaks in part, in the course of time, all relations
between nations, and often places them in sima-
dons entirely opposed to each other—force also, on
the other side, sometimes to give succour, some-
times to receive it, sometimes to defend a neigh-
bour, sometimes to see ourselves defended by that
neighbour : and certainly, if we consider the im-
mense forces of the Ottoman empire, and the long
wars which they have waged with Greece, the evils
which our country has suffered, it will prove that all
the fault has been with us, who have left the Greck;
to perish without assistance. It is that example,
which, applied to our present position, should en-
gage us seriously to put an end to the progress of
the Giant of the North, which augments, not by
inheritance, or by the choice of the people, but by
the violence of arms : and in providing for our per-
sonal safety, we should satisfy our gratitude, our
duties towards Poland, who combats intrepidly for
her national independence. If Poland, abandoned.
should sink under superior forces, and if the same
enemy should come to threaten with the same dan-
gers, it would be necessary that we or oar descend-
ants should remember with grief that there is no
more Sobieski). The more we are penetrated with
these sentiments, the more we believe ourselves

is
al
P

11,
111
to

te
111
rt

Be
;e
ed

C-
at
Br

3-
at
3-

di
of
id

Dr
d,
le

EVENING STA R.

LONDON.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28.

obliffed to lay at the feet of your Majesty this
humble supplication, Lecause from so many wit-
nesses which you have given us of your paternal be-
nevolence, we have in you a filial confidence.—May
your Majesty watch well the frightful destiny which
awaits generous Poland, if fortune does not grant
it the success which the justice of her cause me-
rits; that Poland towards which the House of
Your Majesty and our country has contracted such
great debts, and which, struggling with an incom-
parable bravery, but with disproportionecl forces,
car not perhaps support it but in making the last
sacrifices. Thinking also that the North threatens
,1S with danger, we hazard humbly to supplicate
your Majesty to watch well, whilst there is yet
time, to listen at the approaching diet to your
faithful people, upon the destiny of Poland, and to
:hinge for the present the recent ordonnance
which prohibits the exportation of arms, of am-
munition and scythes, and annihilates the little
commerce which we had left by preceding edicts."
We announced some time since, that the Com-
mittees of Hungary, in a remonstrance addressed
to the Emperor of Austria, claimed a powerful and
prompt intervention in favour of Poland, demanding
provisionally the abolition of the ordonnance which
prohibited the exportation of arms, scythes, and
materials of war. We give this day, from the
Correspondent de Hanibourg, that document, which
is of the highest importance, and upon which we
call serious attention. There will be no need here
to insist upon the generous sentiments, upon the
salutary lessons, and the high political mot ality,
which is contained in the remonstrance of the
Hungarian Committees, for these thoughts are in
the heart of every Frenchman, and the same coun- I
cils would be given from all points of France.—
But when we see the aristocratic corporations of an
absolute monarchy trace thus energetically to their
sovereign the time which the dignity and the interest
of the country command him to take, and then, ,
casting our eyes round upon regenerated France,
we think that, of our constituted bodies, not one of
them has held, in regard to Poland, language suit-
able
to our position. We feel humiliated by accom-
modations which, certainly, are not to the honour of
our country. The Hungarian nobles protest against
the slavery of Poland ; and a French Chamber of
Deputies has heard, without reproving him, a mi-
nister
coldly predict at the Tribune, the ruin of that
heroic nation. It is, then, Hungary, which gives
us lessons of honour and generosity ! May they at
least not be lost for the electors !—Le National.
FRONTIERS OF ITALY, JUNE 15.—A1l those'
oho now pass through the Tyrol and Upper Italy
will have an opportunity to convince themselves of
the great military preparations of Austria. It is
affirmed that these preparations are more formi-
dable than they were in 1805 and 1809. If we
may believe the reports that are spread in the
Tyrol, 70,000 men are assembled on the frontiers
of Switzerland, and 30,000 in the interior of Ty-
rol. The public think that war is at hand. They
forget that Austria is as interested as any other
state in the maintenance of peace.
MILAN, JUN E 18.—Persecutions and confisca-
tions augment more and more in the States of
Modena and Parma. The accused are arrested
secretly, imprisoned, and tried without being
beard. Several patriots have thus disappeared
since some weeks, and their relations and friends
know not what has become of them; and, as the
Duke of Modena is capable of committing all sorts
of crimes, it is feared that His Royal Highness,
with the authorisation of the Jesuits, slaughters
secretly the enemies of their religion and legiti-
macy. The Austrians find it difficult to evacuate
the states of the Pope ; on the 18th of June, they
were still in the Legations, and did not appear
ready to leave. A corps of 16,000 infantry, and
4,000 cavalry, left the environs of Milan for the
frontiers of Switzerland ; parks of artillery are
ready to part for the same direction.
