',i;iVAltD ISLAND biML.

ward Island Mail we have received far-
from South America, vid St. Thomas's,
th:• recent accounts communicated in
Fe success of the Patriots:
6, ST. 1110MAS'S, AUGUST SO, 11118.
!ast later, acquainting you of the corn-
:JunlLLo to one of the first Authorities
staing, all his different tbovements and
,c previous three months, and that he
the fugitive Patriots towards Angus-
have taken a different turn, and the
appears very low indeed. From every
can glean, Mott:lA(3's army has been
Ind dispersed, that they do ■ot seem
is again very soon ; though they still
.ion of the Caracas, and most of the
la which have been some time in their
ad where they are said to have four or
I men. Ido not hear any thing farther

being superseded.
the Patriot Admiral in this quarter, is
Istura, or rather in the Otineco, as I
lips cannot go so high up the river. He
t superseded as reported, but has been
ful in quelling a conspiracy in his own
was nearly ripe for action ; and the pur-
ich was to carry the ship over to the
lie discovered this plot in time to crush '
g four or five of the ringleaders, who
He has also taken and hung a well.
ratter in this quarter ; and who has been
ag a privateer under an Independent corn-
el ; but, like many more, had committed
is of piracy ; his name is Donna. I anti
is act of justice will prevent like occur-
be
peaceable state of the world at pre-
merchant-ships a prey to every piratical.
infests the ocean.
s some probability that this island will be-..
irate Government, and not a dependency
nz, which it has hitherto been ; an -2. there.
reason in tire principal people here wish-.
is a phee of so much commercial
a fact, a.depat for the produce and ma-
fall Europe, and almost the whole word,
Port.
roa.Mc REGOR is expected eveq day ba
with reinforcements for the 'Patriots ; he
'roan Belgium we learn, and proceed di-
:oscura. About the .Bth or lOth ef last
v at Grenada, an Officer just arrived
ad, belonging to M'tiattpott'a Regiment,•
s formerly been in the Dragoons in India.
,f-created King, HEYRY CIiIIIiiIOPLIE, 'of
) was reported to have died ia'sisoet time
ipe Nicola-Mole, ;whither,. i; was said, he.
r. safety, from a set ions insurrection among
s, into far from being deakl, that very re-
:sues horn that islanciii.siiy; that -he has at
ny, in good discipline, on the frontiers which
a from the late President PET- ton's portion,
byGeneral BOY&R, who is likely to lose
of the south part, Crintardrux being In a
to beccme the sole ruler.

'having been much in St. Domingo some
since, I am convinced that Omicron=
)encr calculated to govern that people, just
fed, and liable to greater errors and crimes
e who have never felt or experienced the
as draughts of liberty, from the most de-
Late of slavery—but though politic in most
, he cannot divest himself of the ferocious
rhich most of his nation appear to have,
t to their own guidance—he has been guilty
acts of most atrocious cruelty, but he has
to amass so mach money (fifty millions of
that he will be able to carry on active war,
opponent cannot find a dollar of that great
war."

)110wing k an extract from the Demarara
the 14th ultimo :
LL YorirtcAncx.—lt appears by a communization
L:celkncy the Governor of Trinidad, that at the tr.,-
iliac last, the Spanish Corama-.dr.nt of the Oroonoke
ktiand a schooner, which had arrived there from
'2, Diet suspicion of having been stolen by some negroes
rex board. It Latter appears, by the examinations
a as of those Co board, that the said Tenet was stolen
lithe a negro, styling and describing himself Thomas
htionr:rg to a Mr. Harris, and under charge of Mr.
! &siva:So, opposite to an estate on Tvger Inland ; but
act know to *horn she belonged ; th-at the party en
e vessel was composed of Wm BaigneU, who stated
it r stave to a colored rut, called Thomas Frank-
aza ; Anne Murphy, slave to Miss Becky Murphy,
, and Miss Harriett; Thomas Davies, alias Watson,
Ttos of agc, a Sambo, who says he is free, was born
&es, anti treat to Demerara with the 60th Regiment
bad Campbell, and afterwards lived with Dr. David,
me Regiment; and William Gibson, a black man, also
°b, who calls himself free, says he is a native f St.
a that he has lived in Barbados till the last three years,
! vent to Demerara.—The schooner having been in a
e, nd Lble to great deterioration, has been sold, and
'At deposited in Trinidad."

Council was held at Dublin Castle on Sa-
rlast• when Mr. CHARLES GRANT was sworn
4ce as Chief Secretary of Ireland. The LORD
ax ANT presided, and after the ceremony was
Red, Mr. GRANT took his seat at the Council

tmlayinoreinr,; six field artillery wawns, (mm And depot at Woolv.ich, conveyed the Duke of
ittli.Axes furniture and baggage to Deptford*
11,e Nett of the Royal Artillery, to be put on
a slip far Hanoria.

I.•NAVAL 14VPkLUGgAigit4: .
'•••••••••-• L
POOLE, SEPTEMBER 2.1 p.-f
Arrived the Nemesis, SMITH, from Nawfii
Captain SMITH brings an account of an*** Ist
having happened at St. John's. It broke out in a
part of the town called Maggoty Cave; where the,
principal part of the sheds for drying fish are erected.
The dwelling-houses are all of wood, twelve Or four-
teen of which are destroyed. -
F. MOUTH, SEPTEMBER U.
•
Wind from W. to 5.,--Ariived the Duke of Kent
packet (2d), wi a Mail from Lisbon in seven days ;
the Swiftsure packet, with a Mail from the Islands
in 90 days ; and the Marquis of Salisbury packet,
with a Mail from the Brazils. The Martha, Homut,
arrived at Rio Janeiro '2sth July, 70 days from Lon-
don, for Calcutta, leaky ; his Majesty's ship EDEN,
on the 26th.

PENZANCE, SEPTEMBER 2'2.
The wind Shifted last evening to the westward,
and beeline moderate, in consequence of which the
Staverton Was warped off the rocks, and brought
intothis port to repair. •
' • LIVERPOOL, SF,PTF.MI3EII 2..
The Orion, THostreom sailed from hence on the
18th Instant for New-York, has arrived off this port
with loss of sails.
MILFORD, SEPTEMBER f. 2.
The brig Hope, Reza, from Bristol Channel to
Waterford, put back, having split some of her sails.
Arrived his Majesty's ship HERON, Capt. Powatt,
Ind a tender, having on board the Right Hop. Vis-
count Exmoor'', on a survey of this harbour and his
Majesty's Dock-yard. A salute of 21 guns was fired
,by the lirnom, and his Majesty's ship BRITOMART,
(Captain the lion. G. J. Peacevat., in commemora•
1 . .
mon of his MAJESTY'S Coronation.--' Arrived also at-
Ittle.quarantine station with a clear bill of health, the
.Ocean of Bideford, WILKINSON, master, from Sicily,
bound to Bristol ; spoke the Juno, of Bristol, on the
18th ult. in lat. 37. 10. N. long. 10.40 W. Arrived,
'the Sandwich packet, with Mails, from Waterford;
',brig Xenophon, from Bristol to Quebec ; schooner
Mary, from Bristol to Newfoundland ; and Hope,
IRims, from 13risol to Waterford, put back, having
split her sails and washed away her bulwarks, with
*vcral vessels coastwise. Sailed the Mansfield pac-
'ket, Captain Nurram., with a Mail•und passengers,
for Waterford.—Wind S. W. blowing strong.
Seer. '23.—Arrived the Leicester packet, Captain
ZXEEL, with Mails and passengers, from Waterford.
BRIXHAM, SEPTEMBER 23.
Arrived the ship George, MORE, of and for Lon-
' don, from -Tobago, haviug experienced very severe
lweather-54 days passsage.
__.';--. HARWICH, :SEPTEMBER 24.
Wind S. S. W.--Artited the Prince of Orange
packet,. wish a, mail:and passengers from Ihilland.
1 '. PORTSMOUTH, SEPTEMBER 24.) -
C. 'Wind B.W.—Asrived the Stranger, • FORD, from
amaicai:Und sailed again for Lonaon; and the Re-
, ignation, Blows, from Bilboa, and sailed for ditto.
ailed • the Russell, Titemas, to the Eastward;' the
prightly, for 'Stungate Creek ; and ' the Sincerity,
RAccptic, for London.. .7,49.
' DEAL, SEPTEmBVR 24;•-:-..:::. • '
' Wind 5.W...:-.Amved and sailed for the. Rtver the
C.:genet Allen) M4LipmAN, from• Lisbon; Tobago,'
WasritoiLawn, from Demerara ; and the Mentor,
BULLOCK, from Oporto. Came down from the River
the Jane, Gmasioza, for Jamaica, and remains in the
Downs, with the outward-bound as before.
DOVER, SEPTEMBER o4'
Arrived last night the Lord Deep= packet from
Ostend with a mail and passengers.—Sailed this
morning the Chichester packet, Captain RUTTaII, for
Calais, with a mail and •passengeri I also, the. King
George, Captain MERCER, and Princess Augusta,
Captain' BLAKE, for %Veymotith, with the baggage of
the 10th .Hussars.—. Arrived this afternoon the Poll,

. -
Captain STIUIiNS, from Calais, with.,. passengers.
GREENOCK, SEPTIIMBIIRiI: •
Arrived yesterday the Isabella, Cameron, *Oa sack giver,
Jamaica—sided thence the 27th Julys.; on the lath uldme, in
lat. 30. 14. N. long. 78. 3. W. was brought to by ,the General
San Martin, Independent privateer, who very. politely asked a
few questions, requested to be reported at Lloyd's, and then
departed. On the 13th, io lat. 62. 36. N. long. 26. 30. W. the.
Ulysses, of Maryport, from Liverpool, foe Miramichi, out la
days; and on the 14th, in lat. 53. rel. N. long. 22. 7.0. W. the
schooner Clara, Strong, from Liverpool for St. John's, New-
foundland, out 13 days, all well.
CUSTO‘I-HOUSE, LONDON, SEPTEMBER 24.
Saws szrraara IKwAans.—The Vrow Testia, Swart, and
John, Waters, for Rotterdam; Vessey. Hylschuyt, from War-
cum; Providence, Tanner, from Jersey ; William, Pollock,
from Belfast ; Jane, Dennison, from Prince Edward's Island ;
Repeaters Young, from Baltimore ; Ceres, Wilkinson, and
Charles, Rasmussen, from Ar.twerp ; Richard, Noble, from
Demarara ; Glory, Grant, from Montscrrat ; Britannia, Fisher,
and 'Meets, Read, front Hamburgh ; C.,pe Packet, Agnew, from
the Cape of Good Hope; Barton, Cornish, from Santa Cm?. ;
Sophia Maria, Hiorth, from Moss; Alliance Colver, from
New Orleans ; and Anna, Byrne, from Marseilles.
th,TWAUDN.—The Ann, Brown, for Baltimore • Alert, Jonv,
and Margaret, Williams, for Dublin; Ann, Tejlor, *r Ham-
burgh ; 13urleigh, Landells; Hope, Wilson ; and Dvirisia,Slm,
for Tobago ; Betsey, Laud, for Rotterdam ; Britannia, Ruble,
and Chesterfield, Mahony, for Cork; Columbus, Allen, for
Jamaica; James and Theresa, Coppin, for Mogadore ; Har,
many, Cresswell, and Neptune, Wompta, for Elsineur and Pe-
tersburg!' ; Neptune, Roxby, or Cadiz; Prince of Waterloo,
Page, for Ostend; Peace, Bmwning, for San Luear Ind fle.
vale ; and Wiliam, Crithell, for the Havannah.

The Isabella, CAM saw:, arrived in the Clyde, from
Jamaica, was brought to on the 1 lth ult. in lat. 30.
11. N. long. 78. 3. W. by the General San Martin
Insurgent privateer, who asked a few questions, and
requested to be reported at Lloyd's.
PORTUGUESE VESSELS CAPTURED BY INSURGENT
Patweraans.—Extract of a Letter from the Agent
to Lloyd's at St. Übe's, dated Sept. 10.-4, Yesterday
arrived here the Portuguese schooner N. S. do
Carmo, from Feyal, in 26 days, with part of the crews
of Ale Portuguese ship Joao Baptista, from Rio Ja-
iro ; and the brigs Rozolia, and Doao Joao 6th,
from Pernambuco to Lisbon, which vessels had been
captured by Insurgent privateers off the Western
Islands." ..

A Work has, just appeared, entitled " A Critical
Gray ma) of the French and English Longways, tah
Tabular Elucidations,. arc." We very rarely- notice
Works of this description, but the superior merits of
the one before us, seems deserving of our warmest
commendation, and we feel convinced that it will
prove a valuable acquisition to thosr who are desi-
rous of possessing a critical knowledge of the French
I language.

~~

~''~P

.JJ amA

. New. dabs rielisk.VindAlolols.
"• Her Manary passed the whole of lastiiighit int
a scarce great pain and restlessness; although, froth
the favourable appearances of the preceding evening,
a good night had bed anticipated. Both the• Phy-
sicians, assisted by Mr. BaANDlit were in attendance
nearly the whole of the night,
" Towards eleven o'clock her tifit.terry becdiMe
more composed, and sunk into her usual torpor ; and
in this state she continued throughout the day, alchost
perfectly silent, and taking scarcely any thing but
her medicines. •

The Princestel, relieved by this change from
direct personal attendance on their august and suf-
fering Parent, indulged themselves in a long walk
among the delightful scenery of the domain and gar-
dens attached to the Palace. Their Royal Highnesses
were accompanied by General TAYLOR in the more
' distant parts of their walk, and in the Botanic Gar-
dens they were joined by Sir HENRY HaLroaa.

" The Patsca Ritoittr arrived from Carlton-
house precisely at five o'clock. His Royal Highness
did not remain many minutes in her MAJarrit's
chamber, as she was apparently in a state of repOse,
from which it was not judged proper to disturb ter.
The Patucte, therefore, after conversing with his il-
lustrious sisters for about half an hour, and receiving
the Report of the Physicians, returned to Carlton-
house. His Royal Highness was alone, and appeared
depressed in spirits."
The Ladies were very numerous who called at
Kew Palace, yesterday, to leave their names, and
make their dutiful inquiries as to the state- of the
QUEER.
This day the following Bulletin was issued t

" Kew Palace, Septeolber 26.

" The Quris has slept well in the night, and is a
little better this morning than yesterday.
(Mirt":l) " li. FIALFORD. F. MILLMAN."

BLACKBURN, SEPTEMBER 23.

We truly vnjoice to state, that the Weavers in this
town aid neighbourhood have quietly resumed their
employment, without any additional advance to
what was mentioned a fortnight since.
The accounts from Leeds, and the other psincipal
clothing towns in Yorkshire, state, that the orders I
were never known to be greater than at present, and
that the greatest harmony subsists between the mas-
ters and their workmen.
