WESTMINSTER ELECTION.

At the dose of the poll yesterday, the numbers
were announced in the usual form :
Numbers pulh.J.
2)5
240 -
YYtI

Sir Samuel Rotaly
Sir Francis Burdett
Sir `hurray Mlaxwdtll
Mr. Hunt

Total.
4%..1
.40;9
SU

Mr. ELLts a:tempted to draw the attention of the
multitude, presuming on the hitherto observed order
of priority; but as :llr. III;xr stepped forward at
the same time, he found it impost.ible to succeed.
Mr. Iluvr informed his hearers, that having dined
he was determined to remain dale till supper-erne,
if he should meta with any interruption to render
that necessary. He then entered into various details
respecting the riot and its consequences on the for-
mer night. The attempt at pulling down a part of
the Hustings originated in the generous feelings of
his friends; who considering hint to he in danger
from the conduct of the High Constable, had rushed
forward to protect him. One man who had declared
himself his friend had been shamefully treated. He
was not yet dead, but his recovery was doubtful ;
and both himself and Mr. Gale Jones were prepared
to give evidence, if a Coroner's Inquest should take
place. The whole of this harangue seemed to he in
the same taste, but the variety of discordant sounds
which prevailed during its deliver y prevented it 1,
from being fully comprehended. He stated that Mr.'
W. Smith had refused to vote for him, because he
was not a Whig., but a sincere and earnest friend of
the people.
Mr. ELL tt who was only audible to the few per-
sons immedittely near him, stared, that Sir Murray
Maxwell had always been the enemy of disorder and
confusion. It was trout an apprehension of these
evils that he avowed him elf to be decidedly against
the principle of Annual Parliaments and Universal
Suffrage. At the same time he could assure them,
that he disapproved most strongly of the practice of
impressing seamen, and intended, if he should be-
come their Representative, to propose in Parliament,
!he substitution of a voluntary system of enlistment.'
These opinions he had entertained for the last fifteen
years, and still continued to regard as infamous the'
system of forcing men to serve against their wills.
As he found them indisposed to hear him, he must
conclude by observing, that he was sorry Mr. Cleary',
had thought it necessary to break such a fly as him.
self upon the wheel of his eloquence, and by refer-
ring ,1
to the state of the poll for a proof of the real
sentiments Of the Westminster Electors.

The Hon. Mr. KINN. IRn followed. Ile confessed,
that if ever he had witnessed a fair provocation given
to Elector:, it was that which was given to the Elec-
tors c f W:st.minster Yesterday. Their conduct on
the present day would ,:eterniine their character in
the opinion of the world. It would either sustain
their foriner claims to intellect and good conduct in
the midst of multitudes, or assist the impression of
,the charges made against them by their enemies. If
they proceeded to acts of violence they would sacri-
fice their fair reputation; if they abstained from
violence, and conducted themselves with regularity
they would put down the insinuations of those who,
opposed them (Here a.terson in the crowd exclaimed,
"If it all Lee'sfintle)—He(Mr.K.) would answer that
charge against Mr. Lee, by assuring than, that in
the arduous situations which were filed by the High
Bailiff, and the High Constable acting under him, it
was the opinion of those with whom he acted, and
he believed of all those connected with the other Can-
didates, that they had not been guilty of any inten-
tional error, and that it would be difficult to find any
two persons in the country who could have better
discharged the important duties with which they
were entrusted—(Loud applause).---He was not a flat-
terer of men, or of bodies of men, but he would ex-
pose himself to the charge of flattering that great
multitude by stating, what in his conscience he be-
lieved, that their behaviour was quite solid and well
conducted. He then alluded to the introduction of
the military en the preceding evening, which he de:
scribed :its a most unconstitutional act, and he attri-
buted it more to the good conduct of the people, than
of the Magistrates, that the City had not become a
scene of blood--(Great applause).—He hoped drat in
the next Parliament, when this subject came to be
noticed, the example of the House of Commons in
1;11, would not be forgotten. Ile hoped that Sir
Francis Burdett would in Parliament, as their Re-
' presentative, propose a resolution similar to that
which was then passed, and which declared that the
introduction of the military during the time of tlie
Election, was an infringement on the rights and li-
berties of the people. He entreated, as the moral of
all he had said, that they would conduct themselves
peaceably to the end of the Election. The friends of
the gallant Captain had insulted them and the Navy
of England, by dressing up a set of mountebanks as
English sailors—(Loud laughter).—The insult, he
believed, was felt by the Navy themselves, because
he understood that it was by true British sailors the
boat was destroyed, and to shew the good-humoured
spirit in which it was done, the shipwreck to which I
be alluded, had ended in a bonfire for the amuse- I
meat of boys—(Laughter)...—He had received a let; I

tel from a highixt,:ruri.anevlcblial.epssl:ealt:uagtistnahoot
Mireadents, bae;:iutlSSet ait Nst:tvedal OthlEecmercisrep. t retett“tittez
unantweeal,!e
disgusting li
Murraylh e
him to prutcst ;.
thliterSire
from prc~Eeaio,yy,~
Was it to be doubted, that if he voted
Minister, even on a question affecting the
that branch of service, he would cot be i.
jured ? Had they ever known an Officer in t •
or Navy, in the House of Commons, al,"
ruined if he opposed the Crown Ir.:,
look to Lord Coehrtime.") He felt how .1- I
illustration was which their intelliger.c..
for it reminded him, that the patriotic
the gallant Cochrane h.:l ruined hint, 2,
fissional advancement could be affscted!.
hour of misfortune, it was the pride
to stand by their persecuted
peruse). Yet it seas from that state
the respectable Electors, who stippitz:',„;
dates on his r;ght and left, expressza z
Wee them. The late Candidate
entered into an al ithmetical fr:
ber of votes polled, both plur..i.r-•
and contended, that, unless the tliends cfr h.
Burdett voted for hint exclusively, I • 1,
possible to obtain what Mr. Starch ad; ii
his wish—to have hint at the head of the ~„..
friends of Sir Francis Burdett received v.ith
any animadversion on their matiscs relative t•L
ration to IVestmioster. He had ern
...
public breakfasts from friends to Fr gene,::
wishing to obtain votes for that
Francis Burdett. It would expend
these Gentlemen to supply the ft ienc!s of
even with breakfasts. The Electors of
would treat with scorn such inciterr.ent t•
formance of a public duty.
Mr. WistIART next ptesc-rted a..'
half of the friends if Sir Samuel
thanks for their pe:severing .
He had again, in :otsv-er to those insic.fati...
however illustrative of disappointment, co._
no sanction from public duty—(4ppiaatii.—:
that he, and those Gentlemen with w:iatt:
never entertained any other object than :o r•
the Representatives of Westmii.ster, nice
and incorruptible patriotism—men who an..
those glorious principles for which Hampde
and Sidney suffered, not mere declaimers del
frothy professions, of whose public qualitic.:-.;,
the duty of a Legislator, the Electors of We
ster were wholly ignorant---(Grcat apptigic.
had uniformly given his support to Sir Foicc
clett. Had he come forward alone, there wer...!
been no struggle, but rnismanagemeq had (
present Electior., introduced him with a
round his neck—(, What say you Kinnaird
the crowd).--He had been forty years art VI::
Westminster, and never before witnessed the c.lit
rate efforts of men, professedly struggling fir a,
lic principle, wilting to sacrihce at: independent;
the Electors fur a mere numerical preeminence.
tactics .of this day were wholly new. He rci-
Mut he said so often before, that the friends
Samuel Rnmiily viewed with no mean km:ea
progresS of Sir Francis Burdett. They then.
joice at seeing him at the head of the poll, vr:
they could obtain the return of two hottest, able
acknowledged patriots to represent the people%
in the House of Commons--(" hate, Wiskan
topristriples").
Mr. GALE Jots next proceeded to the disc!
of his daily functions, in the exercise of whi,
great proportion of the :Meeting left him.

DINNER OF S.IR MURRAY ALL=
FRIENDS

Yesterday, about Hof the friends of Sir Myr
MAXWELL dined at Willis's Rooms ; Mr. ELL,
the chair. After dinner, Non Nolds Doniiar
snug by Messrs. TAYLOA, NNE, and others; ad
succession of toasts were given s-Rest, " The
which the Chairman hoped would be dra7l
devotional feelings : next, " The Prince Po:,
" The House of Brunswick, and the Principles
placed them on the Throne, and may they r
torget Ahem r"fhis sentiment was cheered
three times three; and followed by the loyal r 1
"Bert's a health to Old England, the King, sod the Cr

a The Duke of York and the Army ;" and "
Dike of Clarence and the Navy," were then /
amid thunders of applause.
The next toast given was—l, The Electors of
minster ; and may the wisdom of the selection,
the conduct and votes of the Electors on the pi
occasion, be an example to the latest posterity r
This was loudly applauded ; and a flag was
diately unfurled over the head of the Chairman,
ing the words—
TIM C/IVICIII, TUE l ixa, AVID THI essnwc:los
Mr. Er.cts then rose to propose the health of
Murray Maxwell, and in a most excellent speec
forth the professional merits and independent
meter of that excellent and ill-used GC:1121.
However highly the company might esticinte
conduct of that gallant Officer, it was no for
self, but fbr the general cause that they UrVil'•
to support him. The contest in which we wet
volved was one of the "greatest moment to al
Electors; and it derived additional importance
the City-containing the Seats of Justice and 0;
Senate of the Country. The eyes of the whole
dons were therefore fixed on the Electors ct
minster, and not only of the whole kingdom,
all Europe—(loud appladse). The present 0
was one of law against anarchy—of liberty a
slavery—(shouts Vapplasse). The gallant '
whom the present Meeting would succeed it. •
at the head of the poll, waft most ardently ti
to the constitutional liberty of the country—fli,
pkrate). He was not a friend of Annual nirliat,
or Universal Suffrage—(LariThtcr). Ile then en
into an historical comparison of ancient al,tl
political principles, comparing cur present g-,
Constitution to the architecture ct'
and the plans of the modern Reformers t.) t! •
andinto
pfraahrygile erections of the hustingi.—Wo4o
Con-cite.''''
down the ancestorial plate of the Con-tita
didates, suit mort"hedesafsorthtehye friendsofthoset4essi)th.ht,eai' mc(
though perhaps unintentionally, at the total danc.4-

tie
ler
. lit
ell
re
rt
c
.c
t m
t t u
c
ii
s
• ,
i
,
•
if '
. .
. •
~ .
1
•
11
, .
6'
e
se
'. ~
.1
. . I
1
G
ni
. ..
.1.
• s
.t.
hl
0t.,;.;
P
lt
...
I—ii: 1
• 1i...c.
!1.• .-.e .
.! Is
~
-......
t. -I
c..
:•.., r
Al
a'.
1- ,4 i •
~..:e
T..
e. 11
rlP','i F
of ;... r
,r ..t.t
I',
: :...:
11
r..:...1
tl
sc,k.e
a
1; Ir .t
c
huge I
i..h, a 1
4
:1S t
•
1
UAT
Lls 41
r Ira
21'1 I
ki:-.*
: ir....1/4
es !.r.
, now
i 1 .:43
,tera'
“ l 2
'lye.
n, ..-4
'its:::
!"
ir.mt•
,'Jcx•
CI s:
Fr..,t•
gi •--
I e.s
1,....
:c!....tc:
er: . •
a,.., 6.,
e !Ana
el che
! kir.r
' West-
bat cf
co.l:e.
4za :•••
:‘;.7.:
..uncr..i
cn:cr..l
Ilc...:•1
,i.......‘,
: ,• .i..it

..v nad l le:. The E.gl sit Consti-
a 0,113 not he played with. In the different
speriments might be safely made—in che-
vois7 recently they '*ere made the greater
, • irrovemeats. But with regard to the
• •es or a Country, they should rather look
of the vast, than speculate upon the fu-
thry :.tempted alterations.—fle then re-
to:he character of Sir M. Maxwell, which he
to be above all eulogy: there was not a
.•
iv.est all his political opponents, who, if he
thing of him, did not love him and respect.
• ge was one of those quiet characters who
resort to theatrical parade and declamation
to m tkc animmvssion for political purposes
l aTitivlte). He was a man full of simplicity
vrzer, of singleness of heart, and sound•
Ital,ment. The Electors of Westminster
.arc YOTI:(•aChell fel- having brought that man for-
, 1,2.; ;„: he was a man against whom the most
of :lie opposers could not find a single fault.
He bad, indeed, been ill used and insulted, but it was
rot the feel:ay of the populace that had caused**
• ;it was the consequence of a few individuals
the rower of speaking and inflaming the minds
th,•<2 who would not take the trouble to think—,
f•iirmia7 theln for the most detestable of purposes.
said the friends of Sir Murray Maxwell
perF'e 'who assembled iri the front of the
1. -: rahsic. outraged and libelled them, and
th- 'Mr:irees night appeal to HEAVEN to excuse
fmni :or their outrages. They did not act from bad
i.earts—they were not influenced by personal aims.
e;—.an2 he might be justified in following the Dl-
- :no .;:i furnished to us in the Scripture, by say-
Fither, forgive them, for they know not what
r The independent Electors ought only to
I contempt for those who play on the feelings of
7,;•.:;:z.e. This was not their method of pro-
-al however they might be charged with
tla. Electors, the only influence therused
thrtitution, and the character of him who
tim b, d • f sieknes, Sir Murray Maxwell.
1k then proceeded to pass an
-,:•inea on the character of Sir Murray
ul earlestly invited the company to
• !.1.1 exc.• daily and hourly, in order
acct, h: iag Sir Murray Maxwell at the head of
poi', the national character might be rescued
i•r,m, the odium under which it had laboured. The
raNear contest for Westminster had exhibited prin-
cTles which had nothing to do with the Constitution.
rwwever, he would not speak of absent characters—
Le would not nine out imputations gratuitously—he
was thc friend ce rational liberty. and could safely
assert, that the honourable man he then represented,
as zealous in its support as any man could be.
We'; td attained the present enviable height of our
cavil and political liberties by avoiding a civil war,
;‘nd it was the interest and duty of every indepen-
dent in:livitual to prevent the recurrence of such a
,•alamity, by preserving the bar tiers of the Constitu-
toa against the assaults of a misled and infuriate
ilpalace—to behave like the mon who defended the
lass cf Thermopyle—few words, but strong actions
—Vold appLare). He then proceeded to descant on
the indelamdeat character of Sir Murray Maxwell.
He had been reviled as the Treasury Candidate ; but
he would take upon himself to say for his friend, that
there never was a Candidate who had :less treasures:
at his comniantl—.(apelmue). He concluded with
giving an animated picture of the confusion, . mar
city, and deplation which would ensue from a mo-
bocratic Government, and exhorting the company to
return Sit Murray Maxwell, as a man who would
eo his utmost to prevent the ascendency of a few
despots, whose only object was to reduce the people
to the most ahject slavery. He then proposed—
• The health of Sir Murray Maiweji," which was
drank with great enthusiasm.

^d etiln

Mr. Wtttocx now gave the health of Mr. Ellis,
vita three times three.
Mr. ELLIS, soon afterwards, rose, and returned
thanks. Whatever might be the events of his life, he
loped he should long continue to deserve the friend-
nip of Sir Murray Maxwell. • If he had served his
arse, which was the cause of his country, he was
utisied with that praise, And if ever he obtained a
leaf in Parliament, which he did not doubt—(applause)
—he would be found to assert in his place, those con-
tinnicnal and loyal sentiments, which he had assert-
e.t since he first made his appearance at the hustings
k advocacy of his veined friend. •

Mr. Ewa then gave " the Lads of the Ocean,'
ti.ich was drank with three cheers.

Mr. C. TAYLOR sang The Lads of Me Ocean.

Captain HATA., in the narn.. of " the Lads of the
Ortm," returned thanks. He had only once before
addressed a public meeting, and was not therefore
tempi:tent to follow the burst of eloqpence which
t.ey had lust 1. /.rd from their dignified and elo-
fluent Chairman. He was confident that. there
vas great expenditure in the Navy, which requir-
0. to be contrculed, and that it was absolutely
necessary to have a Representative in Parliament, •
wito, like Sir M-zmy Maxwell, was capable of lay-
i;:g finger cr. t!tose items which ought to be re-
that gall rs:t Captain had also endeavoured
:.e-,•cry means in his power, in concert with his
trther Officers, to put an end to the practice of inn•
4anien—vippkuse.) He had the honour of
"=:vrq. :Aral Sir Murray Maxwell for two years,
itd he knew no cir:er in the service who could corn-'
Pa': with him fer steadiness, coolness, and precision
8711 ^ Rrannt now proposed that every man
trt •?'-t tlicuid bring up three vctes to -morrow. Let
‘ry man sign his name to bring up three vctes on
14-t:orrow, and stand to it.
urderstood, that if 'the Gentlemen now as-
eonld obtain the support of three votes each,
• Maxwell's return WAS secured. (Cries If

• i-;:anks :-ere moved to the propocer and seconder
}army .N.axviell, and carried with cheers.
Mr. rla.: ,r,cx: pro; wised the health of Cher alier Rus-
.hat every Gentleman would be able to
v. tes—l tit he was an enemy to any
• :11•-.y had gone on uitli-
'l` 1. •11.1 pair of their friends wit
f •• they wi,hed particularly
•k 1 the Gentleman for the warmth
r t!te 7oal he exhibited in the
if lic.tni;ht vecem-

\

le:la an alteration, k would be to withdraw tie pro-,
posal..--(immense applause.l
Glee—Britain's best Bulwarks are la+ od Wooden

• - - After which, the healths of the Chairmen of Sir
Murray Maxwell's Committees were drank with three
times three.

Some of the crowd from without bete called loud
enough to be audible in the room." Tear that Union
Flag dotes'!"
141 r. Ettis now proposed the healths of the Gentle.
men who had undertaken the office of supporting Sir
Murray Maxwell as Committee-men. He observed,
that as a fleneral was nothing without his soldiers,
so neither was a Candidate of importance if unassis-
ted by a Committee. The Gentlemen who supported
Sir Murray Maxwell were volunteer's ; yet they sacri-
ficed their time and comforts with a constancy that
might put some regulars to the blush ; and their Cap
tain, he must add, was worthy of them. He believed
that his gallant friend was independent in the true
sense; for he neither feared the frowns, nor courted
the smiles of power, while he disdained to deceive
the people, by truckling to those who, professing
friendship, were the basest of their enemies--(Load
cheers.) Such was the character of his gallant friend,
and if they wished for an honest man, unpresuming
in point of pretensions, who delighted to encounter
the enemies of his country on that element where only
an Englishman took root, and who scorned their de-
luders on land, that man, unquestionably, was Sir
Murray Maxwell.
Mr. HARRIS returned thanks for the honour-that
had been conferred on. them in thus noticing their
humble but zealous exertions. Saccess was only
wanting to be their best reward.
The 'CHAIRMAN soon after this quitted the Chair,
when one or two Gentlemen addressed the Meeting ;
but the* festivity had been previously so great, and
the dipposition to good cheer so strong, that the au-
ditory became exceedingly enthusiastic on the mention
of Sir Murray Maxwell's name, the Church and
State, and Constitution, and paid.but little attention
to the eloquent effusion of a Learned Divine, who
addressed them.

After a number of convivial songs, the company
at a late hour separated.

THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 1, 1818.
THE FUNDS.
PRIGS OT STOCKS THIS DAT AT TWYLVI O'CLOCK :
Reduced 781—Cons. shut—for Opening 794
Si per Cents. 880-4 per Cent. 964
Navy shut—lndia Stock shut—Bonds 87 89 pr.
Exch. Bills 13 17 pr —Omnium i pr.

The spirit of outrage which has distinguished the
populace of Westminster since the beginning of the
present electioneering contest, appears to have ex-
Ilmusted itself in the atrocious excesses of Monday
night.—The polling proceeded yesterday with the
greatest regularity, and comparatively with some
cinittness. No personal violence, as far as we have
heard, was offered to any one, and the multitude, less
numerous than on most of the former evenings, were
content to confine themselves to their old and quite.
allowable privilege of hearing those orators only who
were to their liking, and hooting down ever); one else.

His Majesty's yacht ROYAL SOVEREIGN arrived in
Dover Roads yesterday morning, at seven o'clock,
from Calais, having on board their Royal Highnesses
the Duke and Duchess of KENT, who landed at eleven
o'clock, under a salute from the battery, and imme-
diately set off for Claremont, in order to pay their
respects to her Royal Highness's brcther, the Prince
LzoroLD, where they arrived last night. Their
Royal Highr.esses, on their landing at Dover, were
..
received by the Officers of the Garrison ar.ci a Guard
of Honour from the Depots of the Is and ‘..c.1 Batta-
'lions of the Rifle Brigade, and were cheered by a
great r.'any La4ies and Gentlemen who were on the
pier-heads and quays.

Accouuts have been received direct from Chili, to
the sth April, which state that the Royalist Expedi-
tion from Lima had arrived there, and taken posses-
sion of the whole of that country, to the Complete
discomfiture of the Patriots.

We have received to-day Charleston Papers to the
10th, Baltimore to the 9th, and New York to the
11th cf Joie. The following are extracts :
