ROYAL INCOMES.

The following is a correct return of all Income
received by their Royal Highnesses the Dukes ofl
CLARENCE, KENT, CUNIIIZELAND, SUSSEX, and CAM-

arising from Military, Naval, or Civil Ap-
pointments, Pensions, or other Emoluments ; as well
su-all Grants out of the Admiralty Droits made to
them since the year 1800 :

ANNUAL. INCOME.
His Royal Highness the Duke of CLsaziscs.
Out of Consolidated Fund - - f 20,500 0 0
As Admiral of the Fleet - - 1,094 0 0
As Ranger of Bushy Path; wilds is appropriated
to pay the Fees and Claims of subordinate
Misers

Total, 011,782 9 9
IN Royal Highnels the Duke of Rim.
Out of Consolidated Fund - - £ll,OOO 0 0
As Governor of Gibraltar, with Staff Pay, and
Contingent Allowances - - -
As Colonel of thy Royal Scotch Regiment of Foot
As Ranger of Hampton Court Little Park ;
which Is appropriated to pay the Fees and &-
larks of subordinate Olken -

6,517 IS 4
612 2 6

74 3 4

Total, £25,205 4 2
His Royal Highness the Duke of CUMBEALAWIL
Out of Consolidated Fund - - - di 8,000 0 0
As Coloud of 15th Reghnent of Hunan► 1,008 10 10

TOW, X 19,000 10 10
. Royal tliglinets the Duke of Sus •
Out Skt Consolidated Fund - - - t IS,OOO 0 0

THE ARMY.

Monday se'nnight detachments, guttered in ta
burgh Castle, belonging to the 71st, 79th, and ,1
Regiments, were inspected by General Hors, 6
whole consisting of about 1100 men. The hands.
appearance of these young fellows was much admirer
and they are considered one of the finest draw
that have left this country. They embarked at al
nn Saturday, under the command of Captain rc,rl
of the 79th Regiment, to join their respective etyrt
France.

A strong detachment of the East India
artillery are to be embarked on board the I:Zazu''
in g about to sail from Gravesend.

COVENT-GARDEN THEA TTZ

A new Tragedy, by Mr. Suitt, the .hotterThe Apostate, was last night produced,
,lataira, or 'The Fall of Tunis. . The foliowing is
• B'
' outline of the plot ;
Count Manfredi, a 'Nobleman of Naples, in slavery u T
discovers that Charles the Vilzh is marching again':
arms Ids Christinn fellow-dtves, against bate tars.a•
becomes himself their leader, binding himself by si sell
not liberty—not the embraces of his wife and child, cothi
him abandon the common cause. He sees a chill drusvdT;
its mother, attempts to save it, but is prevented. tie .4.
mother one appears—it Is liell:unita, 31anfredi's wif:. lh
taint, to sari her :vim the pirates--they are sheet to at •
Idin, when suddenly Montikto, the Goverve of Zell.. 4:
and ayes hien. Ts personage had been Admiral of V
.zi:e;
stigmatized, sinjto•lty, as a trai•ur to the Reptadic, raid had"
wife and only cield murdered by his own broti!r. lie Std
Tunis, became a renegade, and the Vicegerent oi*
his absence, on the eypedi..ioo against the approachi^g
blontalto beholds Belhopira, and pities her; he Inert hers
—it was that of his murdered child, lie reveres her re
dons, her husband, and her child. Anturst, another nvasy
now arr:res from the camp of Haradin, with en en:T.- to r
der the Chief of the Christian slaves, and succd Matra!
Governor of Tunis. Ararat would spare Wm. at the iadp
of Montalto, but that he Ands in hint Manfredi, !s satetd
Montalto ptovides a ship :o carry away Maufav:i and his
—Manfredi resolves to keep his o-th, ar..l Waren:a
not leave her husband. Amurat, durio: the vain, [OEM is.
discovers alanfrrdi, and has him dragged away to thabs-.42
oq Vellamira—she was the object of his early love, to .
whom be had leagued with bandits—had, in cant:gado
degraded from his nobility, branded oa the fai aced a a ro
and east nut from Naples. Man's di it was el*
disgraced him, and thus became the object of his revenge:es',
lousy. Salerno, the supposed father of Ikalarnir•• ntec s Mcx
who discovers in him a bro:hi!r,and the murderer o!Liswir
child. S.lerno says his daughter lives—BALincir., eau. at
and in the power of Amurat. The father is horror e--tick.
mean time Anne at has forced Be!lapsira to his harem, when
grasps a poignard, and threatens to nab bersel'if he lame
lie brings in her husband, who is doomed to instant
less she throws.down the dagger. She is resoltte. Ile
in her child ; the daffier fans from her hand. Nauru is
to seize her, when Illoritalto rushes in and recei7ei his (La
In his ants. Tunis it now attacked. Amnrat is tad
battle, In.ving previously sent the father, h' hand, sod
captives, to a dungeon. Mai.fredi !rid the others are can,
for instant execution ; Montalto is left behind chains!- al
The dungeon door is leer open in the con7atinn and fish
finds her. 1-ther. Amurat return,„ accuses fslor.l.:lto of trenshi.
and stabs him. The shout of bottle is heard. A scent of
zing recognition tt: kes place betwe 'II the f...ther rod Le,
Amurat returns, wounded and bloody, his turban off, as
branded furehead be. to carry a lkilamita.
him, and Man frediaed ltilandra are resored ta c a -I:
It will be seen front the sketch we have given,
the plot of this piece abounds sufficiently is
tive characters and striking situations, to interest a:al
keep alive the attention of an audience, but at the
same time it can escape the observation of ark.ody
who is acquainted with the A,,ostate, that ease is
scarcely one of these char:tete: s or situations a neater
exact prototype of which may not be fC71,1 in t'..,at
previous Trledy of the Author's. It is atia a
3foots and Spaniards--of Moslem palaces a...d
quisition dungeons--of inexorable rivals and devoted
lovers—of beauty in jeopardy, and faith stedast unto
death, that the Author has essayed to form his tragic
story. Again we have a heroine who has a rot
deal of most cruel work to go through, without a
single female attendant to aid her --vith an occlierg
supply of sal volatile, or help her to a dry haraller-
chief—again we have a hero whose own ridiculous
obstinacy is the cause of all the misery he brings upon
himself and the ill-requited partner of his fortaea.
—The only thing we could discern really novel in tax
Piece, is the addition to the dramatis persona of a
little child, who neither talks nor cries; bet is 'op:
in constant still-life attendance, to assist now nod
then, in setting the machinery of the Piece agoing,
when it would otherwise be at a dead stand; ce to
speak perhaps more plainly, who is made use of to
slew the ascendancy of maternal over all other feel-
ings: an ascendancy which might have ken quite as
well demonstrated without the presence of the child,
or by dandling a wax doll in its stead. When we
add -to all the points of resemblance we have now
stated, that the same extravagance of circumstance
—the same torturing of humanity—the same heat-
tearing desperation which distinszuished all the
scenes of the Apostate, are equally the distingeish-
in.; features of The Doll of Tunis, we hare state
nearly all that is necessary to give our Readers a
pretty accurate idea of the merits of the Piece.—
Mr. SHIEL is, we think, much to blame ass
thus following himself so closely ; we think so
Ily of his powers, as even to feel something like an-
ger with him for it. He has shewn by his former
productions that he does not want invention, area ire
ought to have shewn by the present that the canna-
:lance the Public have bestowed upon his labours has
had its proper influence in stimulating him to cart
that invention with all the effect in his power. 11e
language of the Piece is, as far as us can judge,
rather superior to that of the Apostate, equAllY
roue, but more chastened and laarrnonious•—""e
parts were all admirably well represented; that of
Miss O'NEIL, in particular, can never be lauded too
highly. The decision of the audience A the close
was unanimously favourable; and with all its faults
there is every probability the piece will bale asuc-
cessful run.

Wm. Stewart, T. Corry, R. Wardlow, G. Hated:,
Morkarat Dowd, were hanged at Lancaster on Satur-
day last, pursuant to their sentences at the last As-
sizes. They all appeared penitent at the fatal WV,
and behaved as became their awful situation.

• MARRIED.
On the fits Instant, at Preston, in the Palish Chunk by the
Rev. Mr. Harris, B.D. Richard Atkinson, jun. Esq. of Cts.tle
Park, Lancaster, to Trances, dat.ghter d Mar -se
Gr imshaw, E. of the former

LONDON . Printed and published by TACK Kiwi, P:cket.
Pace, Temple-Dir.
