THE FUNDS

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Onsets opened this morning at 961, I, for the Account, and for
Money 96j, 11• with scarcely any business doing.
Yesterday's rise in the Funds was owing to two circumstances;
first, lewas reported late in the afternoon that an Exprtu had ar-
rived from Paris, bringing accounts that the French Elidster bad
carried his Project by a very large majority ; secondly, it was

. _
known that the interest of the Ezehequur Bills was going to be
reduced.

FOREIGN FUNDS.

There is little doing in the Foreign Market this morning. The
Foreign Stock Exchange Committee, we understand, have given no•
nice that they will not take cognizance of any bargain that shall
be made of any Stock or Shares, previous to the receipts being
issued.

Current Prices :—New Spanish 154 16, Old 171, Russian 974,
Mexican Scrip 101 4. Austrian 171, French 18 to 4, Chilian 854
to 86, Alliance Shares 164 17, Greek 2 dis. Colombian 934 4, Co-
lombian Scrip 4to 4, New Prussian 991 to 100, Old 981, Irish
Shares 24 1, Portuguese 81, Equitable 34 1. •
PR I CF. OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 244-3 per Cent. Reduced 95% 4/8
11 per Cent. Consols 961/1 114
4 per Cents. Assented 102 1017/
4 per Cents. New 108 A 109
Bank Long A nni. 231-16 Va
India Bonds 81s. 82s. 80s.
Exclieq. Bills (1:1,000) 50s. 525. 49s.—Small 525. 508:.
Consols for Acct. 96%8 34.
HIS MAJESTY.

-•4111.-.

It has been erroneously stated, in most of the Morn-
ing Papers, that his MAJESTY arrived in town yester.
day, as will be seen by the following Bulletin issued
this morning. .
__

44 WINDSOS CASTLIN APSIL 28, 10 O'CLOCK, A.M.
" The KING has for some days past been much indiaposed with
the prevailing epidemic cold.
His Martyry is much better to-day ; and unless, Unhappily,
his MAJILSTY should suffer a relapse, there will be no further Bulletin.
(Signed) " HENRY HALFORD,
" MATTHEW JOHN TIERNEY."

We may easily judge how smoothly the affairs of
Government go on, and on what a bed of roses the Mi-
nisters recline, from the total failure of mustering up
anything like a tangible charge against them. The
Times and the Chronicle have not been so dull of many
a year. Where be their jibes now ? Othello's occu-
pation's gone." The Tread-mill and the Protestant
Church in Ireland sometimes afford matter for a diatribe
in the Chronicle; but the Times is so wholly at a loss
for a subject, that it has actually commenced an
attack on the Commission appointed for superintend-
ing the alteration and repairs in Windsor Castle._
No objection is made to the respectability of the indivi-
duals chosen.—They are " no doubt," says the Editor,
44 familiarly conversant with the beaux ads, and now
enjoying the otium cum diguitate." There is, no doubt,
some point in this felicitous combination of languages,
though we confess it falls pointless on us; but, inquires
the Editor triumphantly—" Is there one of them that
knows the difference between the Abacus and the
A-Y•agai of a column, or could distinguish between the
pure Gothic and the Horse-shoe arch ?" Who dare
answer for such a depth of knowledge on the part of
the Right Honourable Gentlemen ; not we certainly.—
The civic test of counting the hobnails is nothing to i t;'
therefore, presuming that the Editor of the Times
does know those tine criteria in architecture, which
can Anne qualify any person for superintending the na-
tional buildings, and much doubting that another Gen-
tleman so erudite can be met with, we do hope that the
Commission will be dissolved, and that the Editor will
be appointed to direct the alterations and repairs in con-
templation.
The Editor having completely proved the incapacity
of four members of the Commission—for as to their
ever passing the test of distinguishing between a go-
thic and a horse-shoe arch, no one can ever dream of
that—be then proceeds to the three others" Lord ABER-
DEEN, Sir MATTHEW WHITE RIDLEY, and ALEXANDER
BARING, Esq.!!! These are the three who fill up the
number, and we have given a note of admiration for
each of them."
Here we are at fault again, for we really cannot dis-
cern the smart humour which certainly lurks under the
three notes of admiration, but there is, as Hamlet says,
•4 no doubt something in it if philosophy could find it
out."—One Gentleman is acknowledged as worthy of
being on the Commission. " The late Sir HARRY EN:
GLEFIELD was, from taste and learning, a very compe-
tent person to have put upon such a business; but he

is no more."

Now, the only person " competent to put" on the
Commission being incapacitated from the duties for va-
rious causes—one of which is, that he is no mote—is an
additional reason why the hero of the Abacus and the
Astragal should have the sole appointment. Jack Cade
declared that his mouth should be the Parliament of
England, why, therefore, may not the Lditot be mouth
and wisdom to a Parliamentary Committee? Besides,
the Gentleman of the Times is as acute a reasoner as he
is an able architect—the WREN of the nineteenth cen-
tury. " An inefficient and incapable Commission," says
the Times, " then, having been nominated, one of two
inferences is inevitable, viz. either that it is meant to
back out' of the projected experiments upon Windsor
Castle, or that the business is to be intrusted to other
hands."

'We suspect these are inferences that none but the
writer himself would draw ; but what is meant by other
hands? did the Editor expect that the Commission was
to consist of bricklayers, carpenters, stone-masons, and
bisb labourers, all skilled in the Abacus and Astragal of

, ,

course, who should do the work themselves; but we
must really leave this profound logician, whose reveries,
we confess, are to us incomprebentible.

The following interesting information relative to our
squadron off Algiers was this morning posted at Lloyd's:

0 ADMIRALTY OFFICE, 27m APRIL

" By the last dispatchfrom the Admirat command-
ing in chief in the Mediterranean, dated the 2d instant,
it appears that the whole of the Algerine squadron are
dismantled and blockaded in the harbour of Algiers."
The latest letters from Leghorn and Genoa state,
that all our shipping in the Mediterranean had pro-
ceeded to their destination in safety, without meeting a
single Algerine vessel, from our strict blockade of that
port. The commerce of other Powers, Spanish and
Italian,will experience the full benefit of our protection.
We shall thus, without the loss of a single man, annihi-
late the pursuits of these barbarians; not a ship can
quit or enter Algiers but with a certainty of capture,
and the Pirate of that Regency must of necessity sub-
mit to any measures we dictate. Whether any new
' outrages may oblige us to attack and bombard the
place, and again lay the defences of Algiers in ashes,
we cannot now anticipate; but such an attempt cannot
be made but by a powerful fleet, and at great loss, and
every purpose is accomplished by the blockade. The
Corsair can now dispatch no aid against the Greeks,
and the Egyptian PACHA will pause before he forms an
expedition. No half measures with these barbarians
would accomplish anything ; they must be taught to
feel the consequences of their outrages before they will
relinquish the perpetration; and our blockade, at pre-
sent, is annihilation to them. The entire Mediterranean
at present appears free from them ; and if any of then
cruisers are abroad, they must ultimately fall into out
hands. But for the interposition of this viuntry, the
'Mediterranean would be impassable; these pirates
would swarm in every part of it, and make descents on
the unprotected coasts of Spain and Italy, Carl ying
away whole villages into slavery, as they did in past
times, and inflicting incalculable miseries on the
wretched inhabitants ; but this horrible traffic is nuw
annihilated by our blockade.

Lisbon Papers to the 13th inst. reached us this morn-
ing. The following are extracts:

LISBON, APRIL it.

A Supplement to the Lisbon Gazette of this date con-
tains the following article:
We have the pleasure of communicating to the Pub-
lic the dispatches just received from Macao, dated the
Bth of November last, by which we learn that that
city was at length delivered from the factious, who by
troubling the public order, endangered its safety and
its preservation to the Crown of his Majesty the King
our Sovereign. It is certain that these dispatches are
drawn up in the language of persons unacquainted with
the happy restoration of Portuguese loyalty; but it is
easy to perceive, on reading them, that the sentiments
of all the inhabitants of Macao, as well as of those who
were actors in the proceedings which overthrew the
factious Government, were analogous to those of all
.true Portuguese in these Kingdoms, before the glorious
days at the end of May and beginning of June, which
effected here the salvation of the Mona: chy ; and that as
soon as they are in possession of this agreeable informa-
tion they will rejoice at it, as may be expected from
their loyalty.
The official accounts from the authorities at Mack),
state in substance, that the Governor General of India
had sent the Salamander frigate, with some troops, to
establish a Provisional Government, in the absence of
the Governor, Don Jose Osorio, and to remove the
Senate, which had intruded itself into the Government.
The rightful Government being established, several
persons were arrested, one of whom was a Brazilian,
Major Paulin() da Silva Barbosa, who had taken an
active part in the preceding disturbances, and in the,
hostile measures adopted against the Salamander frigate.
Great praise is given to the conduct of the Officers and,
troops of the expedition. The place is stated to enjoy
perfect tranquillity, and to be on the best terms with
the Chinese Government, and that of Manilla.
This Gazette contains also a letter from the King to
the Bishop of Macao, enjoining the measures to be ob-
served in the present state of the Colony.
The Gazettes from the I2th to the 17th April, are
chiefly filled with extracts from Spanish, French, and
English Journals. They give also long extracts from
two Papers of Pernambuco, the Sealinetla and the
Araro, with a view of sheaving the fermentation, anarchy,
disunion, ignorance, fanaticism, and in fine, all the ele-
ments of disorder and revolutionary rage which are ma-
nifest in these productions.

This forenoon we received the following accounts re-
lating to Spain from Bayonne. They are much of the
same complexion as all the intelligence from that

country :

BAYONNE, APRIL 20.

The accounts from Madrid -of the 15th represent,
Spain as remaining in the same state of distress and un-
certainty with respect to the measures of the Govern-
ment. Meantime many persons continue to be arrested
and imprisoned: even the Nobles are not exempt. The
Marquis of Polomarez is arrested. The Madrid Ga.
mite gives the details of the ceremonial which took
place at Toledo on the entrance of the King. As all
these fetes resemble each other, it is unnecessary to re-
peat what has been so often said : we will mention,
however, that the whole Court went to pay their devo-
tions at the shrine of St. Raymond, founder of the Or-
der of Calatrava. The Alcaldes of Madrid have pub.
lished a long Ordonnance of Police for the conduct
to be observed in she capital during Passion Week,
which in Spain is a season of scandal and disorder.
—The severest penalties are clammed against those

who transgress. Madrid has been set fire to in four
places at once; thanks to the activity of the French gar-
rison, it made no progress, and the damage done was
inconsiderable; two children, however, perished. The
two parties reciprocally accuse each other of this crime.
On the 13th, in the evening, a Royal Resolution was
published, which orders that the Decree of the Regency,
of the 27th of June last, relative to pacifications, shall
be carried into full effect. It is reported that the cele-
brated Empecinado has been assassinated. The return
of Don Saez to the Ministry is more spoken of than
ever. It is said, too, that the Count de Bourmont is
going to be created a Grandee of Spain, by the title of
Duke of Albufera, or of some other place.

A letter from Toledo, of the 13th, has the following
passage: " The French Ambassador has just arrived ;
the Count de. Bourmont has received orders to quit the
command of the army in twenty-four hours. General
Ordonneau will take his place for the present. This
General is expected to-day. The King will be back at
Aranjuez on the 19th, as well as the head-quarters, and
the troops will resume their former cantonments. This
change is expected to be productive of much good, as it
seems to indicate that the moderate party is going to
obtain the ascendancy."
The Paris Journals of Sunday have reached us.—
The most important feature of their contents, the dis-
cussion in the Chamber of Deputies on Saturday, rela-
tive to the reduction of the five per cents. was described
in our Paper of yesterday, but there occurred in the
same sitting a proceeding which deserves to be briefly
noticed. A report was made on two Petitions from a
Sieur DeLONCLE, of Bordeaux, who prayed, Ist, that a
chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary, and consecrated
to Madame the Duchess of Angouleme, should be
built; 2d, that in the celebration of marriage, the re-
ligious ceremony of the Church should precede that
",kith takes place before the Civil Magistrate.
The Committee proposed the order of the day on both
pal. ions, and this recommendation was readily adopted
with regal dto the first. On the second, however, some
ditcus-ion arose. M. de BLANGY moved that the peti-
tion be referred to the Minister of the Interior; and M.

EvouL, that it also be referred to the Bureau des

Itenseignments. M. MECIIIN and M. de GIRARDIN
objected to these references. The former observed,
that the decision of the Chamber might induce some
persons to consider the religious ceremony sufficient,
and to neglect the civil contract, which would pro-
bably occasion much trouble and confusion in families.
—The latter resisted the references, on the ground that
the Charter secured liberty of worship to all sects; and
as a consequence of that liberty, the law required that
a civil contract should precede any religious ceremony
which the patties might choose to superadd. tie de-
precated the alarm which would be the result of the
Chamber chewing a disposition to favour petitions of
this &se' iption. These objections were received with
murmurs ; a motion for passing to the order of the day
was rejected by a great majority ; and the references
proposed by MM. BLANGY and Renotm ordered.

A We of Charleston Papers to the 30th March reached
us this morning, from which we make the following

extracts:-

FROM HAVANNAII.—Our files of liavannah Papers
are to the 20th instant inclusive. By the schooner
Sally, a letter received in this city says, the new duty of
two per cent. on all provisions has just been imposed.
Two British Officers arrived at Havannah on the 20:h
instant in his Majesty's ship Kangaroo, with dispatches
from Jamaica, which have not transpired.

RETRACT OF A LETTER PROM PORT-AU-PRINCE, FEB. 17.
" There is a rumour here that the French Govern-
ment is about to issue a decree, by which the produce
of the country will henceforth be considered as foreign
productions, and pay foreign duties, even in French
bottoms."
