Deputy Williams
tiibbs ...

LANGBOURN W
▪ 47
- 47
...
• 41
• 41
.. at
. . 41

Mr. Ayres ..
Stubbing ...
Marchant ...

Elliott
Haswell
Carter
Dixon

Mr. Taylor and i
BR EAD.ST BET WA

•Mr. Kipling ...
•Hlolmes ...
Mathie, Deputy 2 ... 6
Crseklow ... 6

Legge ...
Coleman ..

... 5

Bridge ...
Hallam ...
PORKSOKI.IN WARD—Returns Five.
Mr. Deputy Colebatch ... 22 Mr. Scales
Carter ... ... 19 Perry ...
Smith .. ... 17 dimming
Prated .. ... 17
BRIDGE WARD—Returns Twelve.
Mr. Deputy Cartwright ... 12 Mr. Jarman
Pee/tress ... ..• 12 Stone
Chatfield .. .. 12 Albert
Smith .. ... 12 *Sharp
Knott ... 12 *Gates
Thornhill .... ... 12 °Hill
Lock ... .. 11 Voss
Green ••• ... 11 *Hatton
Boudeld ... ... 11
CRIPPLRGATE WI
Mr. Orchard ... .. IS
Beaton ••• .6. 15
Jaques • • ... 13
Palmer .. .. 13
Keel ••• ... 12

... 3s

... 17
14

... 11
- 11

... 11
.. 10
.. 9
.. •-• 7
... a
.. 2

TH I N—Returns Eight.
Mr. Richardson ...
Wilshire
• &us
Ireland

- 11
.. 10

... 9
.. .. 8

'HO UT—Returns Right.
Mr. Curtis
Taylor
Jones
Atkinson
Hales

... lb

CRIPPLEG ATE Wl'
111 r. Alderman ... 40
Haines .. 18
Pullen .. 17
eNewell .. 16
°Case ... 16
PARRINODON W ITH IN—Returns Eighteen.
Mr. Kelly was sworn in as Alderman, in the room of the late Alder.
man Crowder, late Lord Mayor, before the Court of Aldermen, on
Friday last, through which a vacancy in the Common Council took
place, on which Mr. Weldon and Mr. Carter started as candidates ; the
shew of hands being in favour of Mr. Weldon, Mr. Carter declined
going to poll,and Mr. Weldon was elected.

.. ... 14
13

-. 12
.- 11

IDiPER[AI. PA RL IA AENT.
HOUSE OF 21.
This day Lord WYNFORD officiated on the Woolsack for the
Lord Cuawczt.con, who did not attend the House during the
Sitting.

COYSOLIDATSD IPVIND BILL.
On the arrival of the Commons at the bar, with the Consolidated
Fond Bill, Lord IV YNFORD came upon his crutches to receive
it. The noble and learned lord appeared to suffer much inoon.
realest* from this unusual call upon his exertions.
Earl OBEY moved the first reading of the bill, and observed that
it was desirable it should pass before the recess. As he did not expect
any objection to the bill, he should give notice that it was his intention
to move when the house met tomorrow, that the Standing Orden be
suspended for the purpose of carrying the bill through all hostages.
PETITIONS.
Earl GREY presented a number of petitions on the Slavery ques-
tion—and one from Taunton for the Repeal of the Asee.aed Taxes.
Lord MELBURNE presented a petition from Pool, for Parlianien.
tary Reform.
Lord FARNHAM a petition from an individual, complaining of
Pare Trade.
Earl STANHOPE, a petition from the inhabitants of Spalding, for
Repeal of the duty on coals.

XZW MACHISMO%
The Noble Earl also presented a petition from the paper-makers of
the county of Somerset, praying fa 4 duty on new machinery. He
considered the prayer of the petition entitled to the attention of their
Lordships. If a manufacturer became rich by the use of new machi-
nery, he reduced the demand of manual labour, and should pay a tax
which might operate as a protection to labour.

lAThe Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented several petitions from
Scotland, praying for Parliamentary Reform. They were petitions
from the Lord Provost, Baines, and Town Council of Glasgow, and
from the Provost, &t. of Dysart and Aberdeen.
Also a petition from Kilkenny, for better regulation of the funds ap-
plied to the purposes of education in Ireland.
Alpo a petition from the Jews of Liverpool, for the removal of civil
disabilities.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY moved an address to his Majesty
for a copy of the Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to in.
quire into the law respecting real property.—Ordered.

?HZ eOllllll/TiTION PILL.
Lewd TEYNHAM seeing the right reverend metropolitan in his
place, who brought forward a Tithe Composition bill last Session of
Parliament too late to be curled into a law, he roes to give notice of his
intention to bring in a bill on the 14th of Febuary, for commutation of
the tithe of hops.
PILL TO PREVENT DEBTORS DETUAODIXO TIMOR COEDITORS

IT REMAINING IX I.IIIIIIOM.
Lord WYNFORD rope to present a bill fur preventing frauds corn.
mined by parties lying in prison to avoid payment of their debts. His
lordship bad always been of opinion that keeping men in prison was no
satisfaction for debt, and his object was to glee the Uwe fide creditor
the remedy which law and justice pointed out. The late Sir Samuel
Rattily, on one occasion, in the House of Commons, to Feist
to execution, property be by ' which could not be got at, as the
law stood. That proposition, wever, did not meet with the unction
of the legislature. It was known to their lordships that persona in the
Kurt's Leh, during mane process, if able to give security to the
, need not remain within the walls of die prison a single mo-
ment. _ They obtained the rules, and be believed it was impossible,
ootwitheaMing the utmost vigilance on the part of the marshal's
°San torevent each persons breaking the rules with impunity.
Wins deenWant is once in custody in meanie, upon a eapiss ad
wilelkeleadunt, be ie to be kept ia si& custody, and if he is afterwards
seas M bier, it is an wipe, and the plalatif may have an action for
his whole debt : but am the law stood, no anion could be sustained
aphis the Sheriff's, Marshal of the Eines Beath, for a negligent es.
cap, if the defendant men as large reams to custody before an action
Is brought. The co lame was, that a person might be ens of
the mks, and if be returned been the Alms for suing ens writs,
wen °Po, as seise could be brought. The noble wed learned
leed, to illsettate hie etatement, Arad to a ease of frond, in width he
was peehesimmilly coneemed. Several penises leek vespectable
houses in faskdessable parts of the tows, and pie each ether eh..
Feelers, by which they wen nobkd to obtain credit from tradesman

to a considerable amount. When the investigation of this.
transactions took place, it appeared that every one of the parties
were prisoners in the Rules of the King's Bench. He had Do
doubt that persons possessed of considerable property re.
sided within the Rules of the King's Bench, who would not
pay one farthing to their creditors So early as the reign of
George the Second, there was an act to compel persons to give up their
property for the benefit of creditors ' • but unfortunately that Act ex-
tended on to the debts of 1001. In the reign of George the Third
it was made to extend to 3001. and he ([Gerd Wynford) did not s:e
why it should not extend to 3,0001. or any sum. He proposed in his
bill to make the principle in the statute of George the Second exit red to
debts of any amount. U that was done, he thought the prisons would
soon be cleared of parties who had so bade defiance to credilwa. There
was another point to which the Bill would apply. Persons left the
country to evade the payment of their debts, and at that time such per-
sons formed a colony ow the mast of France. It was true they could be
outlawed, but they could reveres outlawry by motion founded on aver-
ment, or suggestion that they were not In the country when the exigent
issued. In that way they usually evaded the law. He proposed follow.
ing the provisions of a statute passed in the feign of Elisabeth. In that
reign proclaraations were required to perfect outlawry, and it was
set uide for want of proclamation ; but before the party could set
it aside, he was compelled to give satisfaction in bail for the
debt and costs. The alteration he to make in the law wto
, apply the provisions of the statute proposed to
to persons claiming to
set aside outlawry, on the ground that they were out of the Realm when
the process conusenced. The Bill would also make the property of ab-
sentees available to the payment of their debts. The noble and learned
Lord did not mean to touch real property, because that would be a se-
rious undertaking ; but to give bona fide creditors a right co take rents
and profits of estates. That 'mild not affect inheritance. but *lien*
as a measure of justice. These were the outlines of his Bill, and the
noble and lamed Lord was convinced it would compel creditors to pay
their debts. He concluded by moving the first reading of the Bill.
It was accordingly read the first time.
The House then adjourned.
---.....e05----
HOUSE OF COll3l-ONS, Der. 21.
Mr. Jonsson, from the office of the Chief secretary for Ireland,
presented papers relative to the contract prices of gour and butter sup.
plied to_Kilmainham Hospital.

BOROUGH or RTZ.
Mr. CR A DDOCK presented a petition front the inhabitants of Rye
complaining of the conduct of the returning officer. That officer had
not attended to the orders of the house, and thereft.re had been guilty
of a breach of privilege. A recent committee had reversed the decision
of a previous committee, but that was no justification of the conduct of
the returning officer.
The SPEAKER reminded the house that this was an election peti-
tion—and if it were such, it was presented too let, .--witbdrawn.
Mr. HUME presented several petitions for the abolition of negro
slavery from Perth, and also a petition from Bristol, praying for the adop-
tion of uniform principles in the Courts of Requests.—Ordered to lie
on the table.

1111ETOIM.
Mr. HUME said he had several petitions, praying for Parliamentary
Reform, which he presented with very great pleasure. The first was
from Montrose, which he was highly gratified to present, as it was the
first borough in Scotland. (Hear.) He then presented one from
the Kirkland Works, in the county of Fife. The petitioners rejoiced
in the dismission of the late ministry, exultation in which he most cor-
dially joined; and they prayed for reform with the ballot, and in that
prayer he most cordially concurred. He next presented one from mer-
chants of the city of Glasgow—the most enlightened population, in his
estimation, in Scotland. The Town Council, a seltelected body, had
come to the resolution highly to their honour, of reforming themselt es,
as far u the law would allow them ; alro to promote Parliatnentary
Reform to the extent of their power. He afterwards presented one front
Auchtennuchty, for Reform and pr..ying the vote by ballot.—Severally
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME then presented the Middlesex petition for Parlianter
Lary Reform, also praying for the vote by ballot. He felt quite assured
that this Reform must soon take place, whosoever might be the Minis-
try. For years he had urged its necessity. The Middlesex Meeting
voted that the increase of the army, and the continuation of the corn
laws, were uncalled for, unjust, and unwise ; in which opinion he con.
curred; he only lamented that the peasantry had thonht that they
could, by force, controul public opinion, and check discontent.
In all the language and sentiments of the petition he cordially con.
curred.

Sir G. WARRENDER said that as far as he had beard the send.
menus of the petition, he concurred in them, but he was not against the
increase of the army. Disoniersmust be, and ought so be put down.
He was sorry none of the ministers were present, because he would
caution them against lending too easy an ear to the recommendations
from members now opposite.—(Hear.) Indeed, within the last filir
days, he had observed symptoms opposite, that convinced him that the
ministers had little chance of security, except by an appeal to the people.
—(Loud cheers.) As to the question of reform, he could not, however,
view the extension of the franchise without some anxiety, when he saw
what had taken place recently at Liverpool aid Preston.
Mr. SPA RBURTON was not surprised that the hon. baronet was in
favour of the increase of the army, became if complete reform were
not given now, there would be little chance of ruling otherwise than by
the bayonet. The election at Liverpool ought not to surprise, beestos
when the numbers were so nearly equal, the remaining cumbers were
reduced to the condition of rotten borough voters. With respect to the
Preston election, he was sorry his Majesty's ministers had rendered it
impossible for the people of Preston to elect him by declaring against
the vote by ballot and the repeal of the am laws after his having made
that tit claration. The people of Preston bad done the melees honour by
electing another representative. He cordially supported the prayer of
the petition. With respect to the commutation of tithes, be knew the
fact that Mr. Pitt had a bill for that purpose actually drawn up ; and
he hoped a beneficial change would soon be effected in the tithe system.
Mr TENNISON expressed his astonishment that his Right Hon.
Friend (Sir George Warrender) could entertain any doubt that the great
body of the people were determined to have a Reform in Parliament.
He was confident the only fear amongst the best informed and middle
classes of the people now was lest the reform should be so long delayed
as to endanger the institutions of the country.
Sir R. WILSON said the system of ballot was the foster nurse of
guile and perfidy. He reed a letter from, he said, a respectable gen-
tleman, whose name be did not mention, who said he had seen a mer.
candle gentleman, just arrived from the United States, who said the
people of the United Stater had suffered so much from the hallo' that it
was intended to bring is a Bill to abolish it. lksideswhich it was becomes
point of honour in America for the elector to disclose for whom he
voted. Gentlemen talked of France, but there were there but SO 000
electors, and as the employds of government were allowed to vote, all
the electors would become of that class, and he under the direct con-
trail of govetnment. Would the hoe. member for Middlesex wish to
have the members of that house vote by ballot, as the deputies of the
chambets did in France ? Tne supporters of ballot called all those who
differed from them on this new (angled fashion, knaves or fools. h
was thought by some that vote by ballot would overthrow the monar-
chy, and he would be no party to such a proceeding.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said he should not apply any harsh epithet to the
gallant General, but he must sey his arguments did not appear to come
from reason, or to be directed to reason. The fee, in respect to Ame-
rica, was that open voting was the practice, till they perceived that
voting by ballot was so much superior that it was adopted. The exam.
ple of France could not beget over. There by the simple contrivance of
the ballot, the freedom of 'kedge was secured, and the liberty of France
and of Europe achieved, by what was now called a bad example. The
only security for the elector was the ballot. The gallant General
said the vote was not secret—his answer was, then make it mast--
perfect the plan by ballot. He was astonished at the confuslou of
the gallant General's ideas in confounding the vote by ballet in
the cote of the constituent, and the representative. Did he
I not know that the representative acted for others, to whom he
was accountable, and who had a right to know bow he voted, but
the constituent voted for himself, nut as the representative of others.
—(Hear, hear.) The_ gallant general said the ballot was a syst mof
guile and perfidy. Was there no guile and perfidy in etcetera sow
going to the hustings and voting. not for the man of whom they ap.
proved, but for him whom the tyrant they were compel' d to obey, had
directed ? He never saw any opinion make AO rapid a progress in the
country as atoll ballot ; the cause no doubt was its c xth me simplicity.
He had seen awash in the city he represented to make him desire the
vote by ballot. When he canramed Westminster for Sir F. Burdett
electors have burst into tears, and told him their hearts were with the
friend of reform but they would ruin their families if they voted for
him. (Hear, bear.) The ballot was making such progress that he
doubted not the gallant general would soon be a convert. The country
had confidence is the imminent, because they were pledged to reform,
and if they disappointed that just expectation, they must emit et to hear
the vela of a people determined to be free. (Hear, hear.l But be del
not distrust the present ministers, and should consider it the greatest
curse to the country, if the late ministry were to return to power. fat be
was confident that it was impossible to govern by a corrupt Parliamear,
, and that if Parliament was not reformed, they must try their band at
governing by_ a pure despotism. (Hear, hear.)llr. D W. HARVRY said, when the °palm of the country, sr of
his own constituents, should declare itself in favour of the vete by bal..
lia, be should support it. Is was Impossible that electors of the email
close as slime of Liverpool should be allowed to canals without some
correction. No person of should be excluded, sad elections
should be terminated is a Gtileties, instead of inn y days, lad then
the opportunity far compels, would be cut at Wks persons of all
classes should have but sue Wont. when necesaley weuld thaw be fits
the ballot ; though be &initial skit time was a growls( feeling ikea,
your of that immure. Mies Os ash,, t us Orremensee
was attsioed, if it were an fame lomat well, the relsassedse=
wade then grass the tetchy balles--(lker, km.)
Mr. CALORATII mid be /sly rise to repel the Mack made Via at
Member hr Wasualasser on the Aessialenraties of the Doke of 411.'s
. Per &mum pan of that sembisusdas it ma hightiryeans
he nave bit baud *at it was accused of corruption s wished
so ask the hen. menlier be Middlesex whether it wee ass that whoa
his her, selleerte "she against the vele by balls, the meeting
N.
