ill.i. (..'ei it
. .
...„ .
. . • . .
• 14. 4. . olliit"ral44f- 11
" •••• .• • ••- •''''' I.', ' ...
.
' ' - • ' 110' I 1.1...
......- .. ....
II• , - ••• • : •\ : ..,
e.....:4 * , ..k 0• ••
,rte
4 i
... •
••-•,./.. ,
..... . . . • .
.. . . Olti 4A 4 f ."-%
4.....
• a. -
. •
. ..
...je an.ll-Ni• .
r--.. .. • • ~.
.. . ...• .
( . .
•Tr I it. iiith. -N\ • .
,r
,i .' • . .
lir 41/ • .
• a ‘074.3.* .
....
4Se"-•
• •
"7.411113 'Pr..
.. . .
•••Immommemomm.•
~mmirso
____

SATURDAY, AUGUST 21, 181.

Is RICE 6EV LN -PENCE.

4sy Mr. Montague to say something respecting the
Conduct-of Mr. Davis, his Lordship said, he had al-
ready stated it to be his opinion, that Mr. Davis bad
acted inconsiderately; but at the same time he thought
hiss rat intention was to put the Commissioners in
on of all that had been said by Mt. Bruce.—
With respect to the Commissioners, he hoped that
what he now said would not prevent them from con-
tinuing to conduct themselves courteously towards
bankrupts ; but he could not help saying that, in his
opinion, they should have protected themselves in
this instance, and have prevented the bankrupt from
offering it repetition of the insult.

their wives, children, end families ? Are not our hus-
bands, ourselves, our children, anti families, by the
same rule, as liable to the like unjust cruelties as tiley ?
" Shall such men as Capture Bray be made close
prisoners, and such as Mr. Sawyer snatclit up and
carried away, beatqn and buffeted at the pleasure of
some officers of the army ; and such as Mr.131-anck
kvpt close priTner, and after most bat barous tiaase,
be forced to run the gantlop, and be most slave-like
and cruelly whips ; and must. we keep at home in
our botres, as if we, our lives, and liberties, aad all,
were not concerned ?

44 Nay, shall such valiant.teliginus man as Mr. Ro-
bert Lockyer be liable to law martial, and be judged
by his advetsai and most inhumanly shot .to
death ? Shall the blood of war be shed in the,tiine
of peace? doh not the word of GOD iipresslycon-
demn it ? dotis not the petition of Right declares that
no }noon ought be judgedby law martial (saws. in
time of war) and that all commissions given to exe-
cute martial law in time of puce, are contrary to the
laws and statutes of theland ? Doth not Sir Edward
Coke, in his chapter ofmarder, in the third part of
his Institutes, hold it for good law (and since owned
and published by the Parliament) that fora General
or other officer of an army, in time of peace, to put
any man, although a soldier, to death, _by colour of
martial law, it is absolutely murder in that General?
And hath it not, by this Howie, in the case of the
late Earl of Strafford, been adjudged high treason ?
And are we Christians, and shall we sit still and keep
at home,. while such men as have born continual tes-
timony against the injustice of all times and unrigh-
teousness of men, be picked out and be delivered up
to the slaughter, and yet must we chew no sense of
their sufferings, no tenderness of affections, no bowers
of compassion, nor hear any testimony against so
abominable cruelty and injustice?
• "Have such men as these continually hazarded
their lives, spent their estates and time, lost their
liberties, and thought nothing too precious for de-
fence of us, our lives, and liberties, been as a guard
by day and a watch by night—and when, for this,
they are in trouble and greatest danger, persecuted
and hated, even to the death ; and should we be so
basely ungratefill as to neglect them in the day of
their affliction ?

" No, far be from ns--let it be accounted folly.
presumption, madness, or whatsoever in us, whilst
we have life and breath, we will never leave them,
nor forsake them, nor ever cease to importune you
(having yet so much hopes of you, as of the unjust
judge mentioned Luke 18, to obtain justice, if not
for justice sake, yet for importunity) or to use any
other means for the enlargement and reparation of
those of them that live, and fur justice against such
as have been the cause of Mr. Lockieei death—
nor will we ever rest nntil we have lirdeadid, that
we, our husbands,- children; -friends, and servants,
'may not. be liable to- be- thazabeged, violated, 'and
butchered at men's wills And pleaseres -
66 But if nothing will kittisly but the blood-,of.those
just men„.. those constant, undaunted assertive of the
peoples freedom, will satisfy-your thirst, drink also,
and be glutted with our blood, end let us fall to-
gether—take the blood of oue intire, and take all;
slay one, slay all !

‘ And therefore again we entreat you to review our
last petition in behalf of our friends above-mentioned,
and not to slight the things therein contained, because
they are presented unto you by abe weak hand of
women, it being' en 'usual thing with GOD, by
weak means to work • mighty effects—for we are no
what satisfied with the answer you gave unto our
husbands, and friends, but do equally with them
remain liable to those snares, laid in your Declare.
tion, whit:, maketh the abettors of the' book laid to
our friends charge, no less than traitors, when as
hardly any discourse can be, touching the affairs of
the present times, but falls within the compass of
that book—so that all liberty of discourse is thereby
utferly taken away, than which there can be no
greater slavery.
" Nor shall we be satisfied, however you deal with
our friends, except you free them from under their
present extrajudicial imprisonment and force upon
them, and give them full reparations for their force•
able attachment, &c. And leave them from first to
last to be proceeded against by due process °flaw,
and give them respect for you, answerable to their
good and °faithful service to the commonwealth.
" Our houses being worse than prisons to an and
our livis worse than death—the sight of our husbands
and children, matter of grief, sorrow, and affliction
to us, until you grant out desires ; and therefore, if
ever you intend any good to this miserable nation,
harden notiyour hearts against petitioners, nor deny
us in things as evidently just and reasottahle as fon
would nut be dishonourable to all posterity;";

~. \. ~ ~

The women of those times, it will he leeitl'irere
not in the least deficient in spirit, notii ~f'likely' at
British feinales ever Will bi--but we'so 'Olditrn wit-
ness the fiery spirit of our ladies imfe4l3.l drispeyecf,
that we must certainly prefer seeing diem dotnesti-
cally employed, to heading a mob or promoting po-
litial'broilt--their interference indicates little confi-
dent. hi the *isdOm or courage of the male
.•.
Sopu-
lation. • ' •

. ,
. As a great number of persons are rendered berg
unhappy by Spasms, Wind in the-Stomach; Obstruc-
tions in the Bowels, want of regular Perspiration, Vuntlibits,
and Bilious Complaints, Head-aches, Heart-burns, Costiveness,
Nervous Disorders; Chclic, Gout, !xx. We are authorised to
say, that Sesrnuaax'sl.l.B are in most yaws an excellent Re-
medy for these Complaints ; and especially recomniended during
the time of Bea Bathing, and drinking the Se 4 and Mineral Wa-
ters; also for those visiting warm climates. PI epared br Too-
toss Sontrrox, jun. ugEist, Tottenkatn Higb-Cross, Middle-
sex, by virtue of au Assignment from H. and J. lieswick, aolePro-
prietors of the Receipt, by the Will of N:,Sreedinaan; apd are
sold by Shaw and Edwardx, No. 86, St. caul s CtiiiiTh-ya7d; and
Bacon and Oa. No. '1 r,u, Ostord,-street,trißoieVit Os:4s. Olt 10s.
ed. and One Guinea ; and siray Itall'of`the prtscipal yaw".
of Medicines in Town and Country.
