THE EVI,NING STAtt.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1816.
nICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK&
Reduced 6t4—Cons. mo. 61 ti—for see. 6s}}
4 per Cent.* 77-5 per Cert. 90,1—Boatl. Se. 4s. pr.
Ona6llli pr.—Do. pay. isit—ELl. Bala sit. dig. Sa.pr.

Many Petitions against the continuance of the Pro-
perty Tax, as the Tax on Income is erroneously
oiled, were presen►ed to the House of Commons

List sight; acrd in fact the expression of Public opi-
nion on this wicked, unjust, and oppressive Tax, be.
comes every day more loud against it. Some objec-
tions we taken to the assertion that its continuance
would be a breach of .the faith of Parliament, and
the expressian was attempted to be qualified by a
natement, that the breach of faith was meant to bc
pled to Minisers only. But however convesiens
ii ri4it be for some men, looking forward to a new.
tl:ction, to have this discriminating line drawn, we
as tell them that already many Freeholders have
pedged 11,emselves never to vote for the return
d any Member to a new Parliament who may,
a the present occasion, lend their aid or influ-
oce to the continuance of the Property Tax..
tie Country holds bi,th Ministers and Parliament

Iptdg.d to its discontinuance. It was passed as a

ear tax —wily as a war tax, nor are the MASS of the
people, contemptuously as some men may talk of
their intellects, yet so stupid as not to know that we
tight now to enjoy the blessings of peace.
Yesterday a Requisition, signed by a number of the
most respectable Merchants and bankers in the City.
seas presented to the Loa° as AYOR, praying his Lord-
tip to convene a meeting at the Mansion House, for
the impose of petitioning both Houses ~l PAT intent
against the INcoste Tax. To this Requisition his
Lard hip, of course, acceded ; and we /nay cr.:l-
- anticipate an attendance, embracing ever'
thing that can give weight and respectability to sucks
meeting—numbers, wealth, the onion of all parti,:i,
sod the absence of every principle but a firm and en-
lghtened patriotism.
Let the people persevere in their efforts for their
nen deliverance. Let no petty party spirit divide
their energies. On this point they cannot be too
mach upon their guard. The question ought not at
alto be Who shall screen himself 'by throwing the
rater part of the load upon his neighbours ? The
measure should be opposed in every shape, and the,
Piblic should learn from the result of former modes
he dangerous this measure is in its very core and
sluice to the welfare and libegt of the nation.
,On
tinny occasions the interests of the Landholder were
liayed off against those of the Merchant and Mani*.
Scorer—there was to be no exposure of the circuit-
'lnce% of the former: their :ate was to be taken at
Iccrt,iin portion of the rent actually paid. They
tAilay flattered themselves that Corn would continue
tumaintain the artifieal prices impoied by a state of
war ; that Acts of Parliament could regulate the
quantity of rain and sunshine; in a word, that their
mats could not fall—and hence the facility with
which the Income Tax was carried, even for the pur-
ples of war. But what has been the result to them ?
The payment of a Tax upon a xox•entity.
Will you stiffer yourselves to be'agsein deceived .I
"ill yon listen again to selfish suggestions ? Do you
"leve that any Act of Parliament can prevent water
11,01 maintaining its own level ? By locks and dams I
NI may fora little time divert its course; bat tie I

I care what yoe d& for such artificial impedimentt are'
in their very nature perishable, but the laws of nature
are immutable. When the barriers you construct for
your individual .safety once give way, you must, to
well as others, prove the victims, but you will not.
like others, deserve commiseration.
Away, then, with the measure entirely—no
paUia-
tives--no modifications. You cannot, whAtever you
may imagine, throw the load froth your own shoul
ders. This we would impress upon all, but espe-
cially on our Land-holders—our Law-makers.—
If you lend yourselves at aU to a measure fraught
with evil, mischief, and slavery, you will merit and
obtain the execrations of the present and all future
generations.

The reports are still continued, that the Minister
means to abandon this hateful measure ; but his con-
duct, and that of his adherents in parliament, belie
the rumour,
,which is only a ruse de perre to put the
people off their guard. They, will not, however, be
taken in this snare. Had the Minister any such inten-
tion it would be announced in that House, whence
it would speedily be spread over the kingdom in the
Reports of its Debates.

The GIRO/ICUS frigate has gone round from the
Nore to Portsmouth, to take on board Mr. WA
the New Minister for Lisbon, and to bring home Mr.
CANNING, with his family and site.
It is, reported, that Mr. CANNING, on hicorrieal,
will be appointed First Lord of the Admiralty, and
that Lord MaLett.Le will go to the Bond of Controul.
On a diligent search of the records of the appoint-
ments to the office of Clerk of the Pleas in the Irish
Court of Exchequer, not one instance can be found
of the nomination having been made by a Chief Ba-
ron of the-Court.

MATCH IN HIGH Lies.—Lady Lucy PERTs SCCOHe
'daughter of the Earl of Liminuot, will shortly give
her hand to K. STILIPIIMON, Esq. the present cAndi-
date for Carlisle—Thursday. the 14th instant, it the
day named for the union.
The remains of the late Earl of BuerctsnirAmstitriE
were interred on Friday morning, the 16:11 ultimo,
very privately at Nncton. The corpse was borne to
the grave by eight labourers, and as many tenants
were pall-bearers. The title descends to the Nephew
of the deceased Earl (the Hon. Gtunch Hormar),
and not to Lordship's brother.
Private letters from Pali', state, that from snme
recent appearance.. i a renewed intercourse between
the French KING and TALLCYKAND, there is every
reason to believe that the latter is once snore coming
into office a► Prime Minister.

Dispatches have been received from Italy, con-
taining intelligence of an unexp-cted description.—
LtICISS BONAPARTit had sct off from Rome with
great privacy. and his flight was considered as auger
ing some attempt at creating disturbances in some
part of Italy. At Florence, however, his person was
recognized, and the Postmaster reinsed to give him
horses : he contrived to get forward a post or
two, notwithstanding; but at length, finding himself
closely watched, he vialuntarily returned to Rome.
The German Papers add, that he had (subsequently
as we presume) embarked for America.
Letters from Madrid, dated rem nary 2, mention,
that tbe Ex-Minister VALLIGOb supported by Isis fac-
tion of the Council of Cestiie, having availcd himself
of the King's Decree, published in the Gazette of the
27th January, in which his Majesty orders the sup-
pression of Special Courts, &c. for the purpese ul
demanding a regular trial, and proving his allega-
tions against Minister Ce.vneeos, (as noticed in our
Paper of Monday last) the King, seam:ngly appre-
, heiiiive of the results, has, by another Decree, re-
voked the one just narn.,l, which conimanded. Celt
henceforward Spaoiarda shosild lee judged Zry
established Tribunals, in conformity to the laws, !:rd
prohibited the denomination of " S:rviler an.l .I.i le-
'der," whence Special Courts of the King's UOVII
naming arc again to be set to work.
A New York Paper of the :30th 4111m:try, states.
that the c.,py of a Message :rom the Piesidem has
ins: b• en reeeiv,..l tort, Washiegton, and that the
metvage was in compliance with In applicate,n from
t::e I louse of Repreientatives for official into: in ition,
%lid 1.441 i. was accompanied by a v•triety s.f letters
that had passed between the. Spankh ss, ter D. ()his,
islr. Monroe, the American Secretary or 'i.ate.
The former copplained that the Republicans had
assisted the Insurgents in the Spaniels Colonies, Au
cd..,et vc LI that his Government could not consider such,
assis ante to rebellious sobjectS as conformatile re the,
amicable relations subsisting between tine two countries.
Mr. Mourn.., in his answer, adverts to the Proela-
:tuition of the President, prohibiting sueleinterferehee
by the citizens of the United States, and remarks,
• %at such interposition was not within rise cngnizance
of the Government at Washinetnn. The Spinish
Minister also requires, that no ships cc vesieis be-
longing to the Insurgents, should be permitted to any
of the ports of the United States. T:• this it is re,
plied, that no shipping can be excluded from the,
ports of the Republic, which do not Rothe under the
denomination of pirates, according to the known laws
of maritime States, and the acknowledged rules of
maritime intercourse.

A third demand was, that a Citizen of the United
States should be given up, who had furnished the
insurgents with arms and ammnnitinn, and ()then
means of hostility, against the parent State. It was
again insisted by Mr. D. Onis, that the country
west of the 'river Perdidi constituted a part of the
Flosidas, and as being the property of Spain, the
American Authorities were bound to surrender up
the country to such Officers as the Ring of Spain
sbould appoint to receive it under their protection
and controul.
The Republican Secretary had opposed all the
claims, and contended for the right of the American '
Government to the ten itory demanded. -
' It is understood that the intention i,t Spain for this
application was to procure a clminnnication a ith thk
river iilisAissippi, by the way of Creek T:inmpunt, and
some other channels as hie is the neighbourhood
of Mitchel, and the Ainencans are determined to
regain the sole use and com Mind of that river. The
questions are•now before the Legislature of the Re.
public. It seems certain that that body will not accede
to any of the.puipcsitions of the Spanialt Ministcr.

IMPAL 111T2LLIGENCE.

• .

ARRIVAI,4 FROM ST. HELENA.
Its Majesty's ships MEDWAY, LIVERPOOL, TAlltit,
and HARPY' have arrived from the Cape of Good
Hope and St. Hama : the former at Portsmouth,
having Admiral Timsat'a flag : the three latter
at Plymouth. His Majesty's ship GRAMM'S has
gone round from Vie River to Portsmouth, and will
there receive on bond Mr. Wasp, for Lisbon. His
Majesty's ship NIVA'CASTLE; Captain MAYNELL, has
also arrived at Portsmouth from the River, and will
there waittlie arrival of the foreign Ambassadors from
the Continent; she will then proceed to St. Helena,
and hoist the Admiral's flag on that station.
FALMOUTH, FEBRUARY 27.
Arrived the Arabella packet, with Mails, from
Lisbon, in 16 days. The Arabella left at Lisbon the
Duke of Kent( 2), and Duke of Marlborough packets.
The Duke of Clarence schooner, Loam, which sailed
from this pOrt for Lisbon, fell in with a Prussian ship
(in the Bay), b morn upwards, from Corunna for
Gilboa, and saves foot of the crew. No sailings.—
Wind W. strong gales and squally.

PLY %lOU Ili, FFAIRUARY EL
Caine in the Livaitrom. and TAMER frigates ;
and HARPf ilOnp of war from the Cape of Good.
Hope, The MaDWAY frigate, Admiral TYLaa, is
passed up Channel ; they sailed from Sc. Heleua.—
Wind N.W.

PORTSMOUTH, FEBRUARY 29.
• Arrived his Majesty's ships MEnway, from the
Cape of Good Hope; 'HANICUS and NEWCASTI.B
from the Eastward ; Eliza Francis. transport,
and Lord Wthington transport, from Gibraltar;
the Zephyr, Scorr, from Messina, passed by for
Standg•.►te Creek. Sailed the Henrietta, MICUPING,
for Hamburgh ; British Qiieen transport, for Cork ;
Fort William, limes, for Madras and China;
Rum), and British .Isles, for the Mediterra.
'lean ; Juno, for Plymouth ; James, SMITH, for
Gibraltar; and Prospect, HOLBERTON, for Madeira.
—Wind N.
