NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

MAILS ARRJVED Tars Day—Dublin, 1 ; Waterford, 1 ; Guernsey
and Jersey, 1 ; Flanders, 1; France, 1 ; Malta, 1.
PROM OUS CORIESPONDIXT.

FALMOUTH, MARCH 29.—Arrived last evening, his Majesty's
steamer Columbia, Lieut. F.de, from the Mediterranean—sailed from
Cotfu 6th March, Malta 12th, Gibraltar 21st, and Cadiz on the 22d,
on which day three of the Constitutionalists were shot. Mr. Sampson
came passenger from Malta : Col. Chapman, Major Butler, Captain
rWaller, Messrs. Turner, White, Haffenden, and Cabreru, and Miss
' Chapman, from Gibraltar ; and Don V. Jabal, from Cadiz. Also ar.
rived, the Achilles, Cox, from Naples, in 25 days, for orders, and
sailed again for Bristol ; the Helena, Peerehoi, from Bahia for Bremen ;
the Simeon, Blake, from St. Ander°, in 10 days ; and the Collingwood,
Thornton, from Charente, in 10 days, both for London.
This day, wind east, arrived the French brig, Amelia, Cabanellas,
from Marseilles, in thirty days, for Havre de Grace; the Spanish brig,
Hermit', Ybarrarau, from Bilboa, in ten days, both leaky ; the Na-
varino, Painter, from Santandero, for London ; the Fanny, Bowen, front
Milford; the Aurora, Phillips, the United Friends, Roberts, the
Thomas, Evans, the Glynfellon, Jones, and Antelope, Berry, from
Bangor; the Maria, Jones, from Londonderry; and the Endeavour,
Perry, from Beaumaris t sailed, his Majesty's steamer Columbia, Lieut.
Ede, for Plymouth.

DLL, Mows 30 —Wind N.H. fresh breeze.—Arrived from the
River, and passed, the Albinia, Purvis, for Demerara; and Tulloch
Castle, Rayner, for Jamaica.
Poo:mourn, Blanca 30.—Wind F.

Lownro►re, Masco 30.—The Cambridge, Pearce, bound to
Quebec. ran upon Stamford Ride this morning, but was assisted off
with little damage, and will proceed.
PLYMOUTH. MARCH 29.—Wind E.—Arrived the Prince Regent,
Mortimer, from St. Sebastian ; Cbace. Shorten, from Bourdeaux; and
his Majesty's ship Trinculo, from Cork.
Pauszonca, Molten 29.—Arrived the Patience. Bert, from St. Mi-
chael's, and Argentina, Estella, from Genoa. Off the port, the Royal
Charlotte, Hay, from Oporto.
Baum., Moans 30.—Arrived the Jovial. Enrique, from St. Andero.
layzarooL, MARCH 29.—Arrived the Elizabeth, Callender, from
Charleston, and Europe, Bowen, from Trieste.

A paragraph intended, me believe, by its writer, as a
' sarcasm on the Vice-President of the Board of Trade, we
regret to say, was inserted in yesterday's STA a,
by accident from a morning paper. Nothing could
be more at variance with our sentiments than to have
admitted such a paragraph, as we have not seen any
thing in the public conduct of the gentleman alluded to,
which has detracted from his claim to be considered as a
valuable and efficient member of administration. We say this
upon the particular paragraph ; but we here think it proper
farther to declare, that, in our opinion, a Journalist neither
honestly serves the public, nor adds to his own character as
a gentleman, when he suffers his columns to be the medium
of vituperative or personal sarcasm, on those who take
upon themselves the arduous duties of the public service ;
and this we say without reference to any set of men—in
place or out of place. Difference of opinion on public po-
licy may exist in minds equally intelligent, and combined
with principles equally honourable. It is not therefore men
that we criticise, but their acts ; and such, we think, we
can appeal to the past, as having been our uniform practice.
Nothing can be more idle than for the Orange Interest to
pay for puffs in the London papers about its popularity in Bel-
gium. Every traveller in those fine provinces, within the
last seven years, knows well that nothing Dutch suits the
Belgians. They are either all Belgic, or all French. They
wish to see no custom-houses between Belgium and France,
and French is spoken by all classes. France, too, seeks the
Rhenish Boundary. How cunning, then, has been the
diplomacy, which has hoodwinked four of the five Powers,
and kept the Belgic question open ! If Belgium is not sup-
ported, and is thwarted, it will become French.
Since Ministers have discovered that no practicable re-
trenchments will enable them to effect a reduction of taxes
does it not follow as a direct corollary, that to enable us to
pay the taxes, the currency should be extended and im-
proved. " Reduce the taxes, or restore the currency," has
been the language of all men since the panic. The former
seems to be impossible, the latter therefore is not matter of
choice or theory, but an affair of indispensible and imme-
diate necessity. Why should North Britain be furnished
with facilities for paying the taxes, and South Britain be
deprived of them? A short bill, to enable licensed bankers
or manufacturers to issue one-pound notes on lodging secu-
rity ; and another bill, to relieve persons cruelly ruined by
the past experiments, would cure many great evils, and at a
stroke raise the country from its present depression to unpa-
ralleled prosperity. If it is decided not to do this, till we
have a reformed Parliament, the decision will be a fatal sen-
tence of ruin and premature death to tens of thousands.

F r•

-v

-~'r~

11,,TOMP•

~.

SERIOUS RIOTING IN EDINBURGH.

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

Tuesday Morning, Mardi 29th.
On Thursday and Friday last, several of the newspapers
recommended an illumination, for the second reading of the
English Reform Bill; and on Saturday, the Political Union
Society resolved to issue an advertisement, calling on the in-
habitants to illuminate. The Magistrates, up to two o'clock
yesterday, resolved to prevent it!—and at that hour printed a
placard to that effect. But the Sheriff thereafter informed
them, that he could not answer for the peace of the city,
because he had no protecting power—there being no mili-
tary within reach ; and accordingly, the Magistrates issued
a counter-advertisement, which not a tenth part of the city

could know ! It was to the following effect :

" ILLUMINATION.
" Several of the inhabitants having resolved to illuminate their
" bonen to-night, the Maaislaattn, is order loPreseere the peace
"of city, recommend that the illumination be general.
(Signed by) " The Lord PROVOAT,
Tie Suitatrr ; and
" Four Bsturs."
From some cause, best known to themselves, not a single
special constable was sworn in ; although they had—even by
the above advertisement—intimated to the inhabitants, that
they could not preserve the peace ! —and, as might 'ran-
rally be expected, by eight o'clock, the town was in posses-
sion of the people,—and it remained in their posses-
sion the whole night. They proceeded in the most syste-
matic manner, with torches and lanthorns, in every direc-
tion ; and at half-past ten o'clock, a gentleman intimated
to the Sheriff, that he could point out, a particularly active
leader; but his answer was—" we have not force enough to
attack them." The populace visited the same houses, over
and over again ; and demolished every pane of unlighted
glass they could hit. The streets that suffered most severely,
were Prince's-street, Heriot-row, Abercromby-place, Char-
lotte-square, Queen-street, &c.—in short all the houses of
Aristocracy were particularly marked—some of which were
actually illuminated, to save their property ! Among these
may be mentioned the splendid mansions of Earl MORAY,
Sir JOHN MAJORIBA NIES, Lord CRINGLETIE, Lord Ro-
BERTSON, Lord JUSTICE CLERK, General CUNNINGHAM,
Sir ALEXANDER MUIR MACKENZIE, Sir JOHN OSWALD,
Sir ROBERT DUNDAS, &c. &c.—not even excepting the
Loan ADVOCATE! It is proper to add, that several of the
leading Whigs—among whom was Mr. Jolly ARCH IBA Ln
Mu auAx—tried their utmost exertions, by friendly interpo-
sition, to stem the popular feeling; but all in vain. This
morning all is quiet.

In addition to the above, we have a corroborating—but in
some respects more detailed—account, in the Edinburgh Ob-
server of Tuesday. This paper says, that "in the new
town, every body appeared disposed to save themselves as
much trouble, and rejoice at as little expense as possible.—
In the old town, where the population is humbler and more
dense, almost every window had its due number of candles ;
and from several points, the view was highly picturesque
and effective. The Pont-office, and Stamp-office were both
superbly lighted with coloured lamps ; and the Theatre, and
tha North British Insurance-office, and several shops and
houses, in different streets, were similarly d!stinguished.
Crowns, stars, and the initials of our gracious Sovereign
were the favourite— we may say, the only devices. The
sturdy Highlonder, stuck up at M'Nab's coach-
office in Prince's Street, sported two flambeaux, with
placards, bearing—" Cudich nu Minishtarin"—" sup-
port the Ministry." The Observer then proceeds to give
a similar account to that given above, of the circuit
made of the new town, and the smashing of several windows.
The damage is said to have been immense, " which the pub-
lic purse will eventually experience." So heedless were the
rioters, that many windows were smashed, in which lights
were burning. A thick fog came on about ten o'clock ;
and by twelve all the lights were extinguished, and the city
restored to peace. Leith was to have been illuminated on
Wednesday night.
Innuunterrons.—ln various towns of England, the inhabitants, we
observe, have illuminated their houses, in honour of the second readirg
of the reform bill. The moment the glad tidings were promulgated in
Glasgow, an application was made to the magistrates for permission to
illuminate—a request they complied with in the frankest manner, by
appointing Monday, the 28th current (yesterday,) as the earliest con.
venient day for such a demonstration of public feeling. The civic
rulers of Edinburgh., unlike their patriotic brethren of she west, have
all along thrown cold water on reform, and if to illuminate, or not
illuminate depended on their magisterial fiat, alas ! for the cause
of rejoicing in Edinburgh. But as the boroughmongers them.
selves are not omnipotent, the gentlemen we speak of will ha-dly
dare to stretch their prerogative so far. We trust, therefore, that either
now, or when the proper period arrives, the inhabitants of the metro-
polis will do whatever, legally speaking, they list, in defiance of a junta
whose political existence is drawing very rapidly to a close. The inha-
bitants of two towns in our own district bad the spirit to illuminate
their houses on Friday last, and the same thing may have been done in
other places, for aught we know to the contrary. In Dumfries it was
felt that an illumination would be rather premature, and we have little
doubt that a majority of the lieges in other quarters were restrained by
the very same eunsideration.—Deraj Is lel Comfits., March 29.
INTERESTING REFORM NI EETING.-008 of the most
interesting reform meetings we ever attended, was held in the Court-
house, Elaxwelhown, on Wednesday last, the 2.'id curt. With the ex.
ception of one or two proprietors, it was composed exclusively of
tenants, residing in the eastern district of Kircudbrightshire—thet is,
between the Water of Orr and the NUM Theresolutions moved, and the
petitions founded on them, will appear under the proper head, and while
we leave these documents to speak for thentselves, we think it necessary to
add, that the proceedings of the day, unlike some meetings of higher pre-
tensions, were conducted in the most orderly and satisfacroey manner.
We have often heard of the " flower of Scotland's chivalry," and on
entering the Cour.-house, Pdaxwelltown, on the day alluded to, we he.
held, perhaps fur the first time, a genuine ttample of the " flower of
Scotland's yeomanry." Indeed, we question whether an equal nuni-
ber of tenants so respectable were ever before convened in cne
apartment; and when we thought of the forty shilling freeholders of
Logland, the question occurred, with what consistency could the
Legislature bestow on these men the elective franchise, and at the same
time withhold it from persons so much their superiors in rank, wealth,
intelligence, and respectability ? At this time there were about a
hundred farmers present, and on conversing privately with different in-
dividuals versed in the circumstances of the whole parties, it was agreed,
that balancing one thing against another, their average rental could not
be taken at less than 3001. per annum. Among the number there were
individuals who pay twice or thrice the sum, and what we wish to im-
press on the reader is, that here were a hundred persons representing a
rental of thirty thousand pounds per m, praying that, for the Pint
time, they may be entrusted with rights exercised by the owner of every
cottage and kail.yard in England !I—Dam/rim Courier.
Report says that the son of Casimir Perrier, who has
been sent to our Government, is come to ask if our ministers
intend to mediate between France and Austria.
It appears that a military commission has been appointed at
Madrid, owing to the critical situation of that town, caused
by the great numbers of the inhabitants from tha various
provinces taking refuge in Madrid.
A gentleman arrived last night from Brussels—he gives
a very deplorable account of that unfortunate city. Any
person who speaks of the Prince of Orange is in danger of
being assassinated.

74N-17,77

,~. -~

-737

os'

F.

ERIAL PARLIAMENT.

-

~~

11011 SR 014• LORDS, Masco 30.
ROYAL MISERY.
The royal assent wad given by commission to the Sugar 'lntim Bin,
the PAuper Set:lenient Dill, the Population (Ireland) Bill, the Prohi-
bition Niandstinvi Bill, the Wi•.nesaes Examination Bill, the Canadian
a..d 32 Private
1 he Commissioners acre the lewd Chancellor, Bari Grey, and die
PArl of Shaftesbury.

TIMTON •. TUNTOM.
Mr. Adam was heard es Counsel in Turtoo's Divorce Bill. The
facts upon which the divorce is sought in this ease are rather Extraor-
dinary. Mrs. Tunon and her sister went out to India, and during the
voyage the sister became the object of the hipiband's passion.
The LORD CHANCELLOR ordered witnesses to be summoned
for the 20th of April.
Lard DUNCAN preseniLd a petition from the Chamber of Com-
merce of Dundee, against the renewal of the East India Chaster.

aerostat.
The Noble Lord (Duncan), in the act of presenting a petition in
favour of reform, said, he conscientiously believed the measure in the
other house would be most graciously received in Scotland. It was en
popular there, that the news of it there produced illuminations In Walla
gow. The noble lord expressed a hope that his Majesty's government
would not consent to give up one scintilla of the spirit of the Bill.
Lord IA RNHAM having been absent on the late debate Intro.
doted by a noble lord (Wharneliffe) was desirous of expressing his
sentiments on the bill, which was expected to come to that house. The
measure was opposed by the protestants of Leland who dreaded the ad-
mission of accession of strength which Roman Catholics would gain
in the legislature. It was a prevailing opinion, that if the Roman
Catholics united, after the passing of this bill, for the subversion of
the Protestant establishment in Ireland they would accomplish their
object. The bill would produce serious danger to the Protestant hie-
racily. (Hear, hear.) It the protestants of Ireland found their inter-
est deserted by a protestant parliament, they would unite hand in hand
with the Roman Catholics ; and, if they do so, said the noble lord,
the legislative union cannot be maintained. The whole force of the
English government will not be able to resist the united efforts of a
brave and united people.
The LORI) CHANCELLOR said, he had no recollection of hay-
ing heard such language in that House, as that spoken by the Noble
Lord. If any Peer, speaking in behalf of Parliamentary Reform, had
used one twentieth part of the strong language which had been uttered
by the Noble Lord, it would have been a revolutionary excitement of
. the people from the Land's End to John aliroat's. If he himself had
asserted that any measure would raise a Acme which the whole force of
Government could not quench, the wrath of the Noble Lord would
I have been excited, and lie must have been called to order.
Lord FARNIIA 51 said, he did not mean to go the length stated by
the Noble and Learned Lord.

The LORD CHANCELLOR was rejoiced to hear he had misun-
derstood the Noble Lord, but he certainly had und nutted him to say,
that the people of Ireland, Protestants and Catholics united, would
laugh at the Howe of Commons, and the strenitth of the King's Go.
vernwent. He knew that no man was less likely than the Noble Lord,
to menace Parliament with Ltwless resistance, but in the warmth of de.
bate no doubt, the Noble Lord had used terrns stronger than any used
by Refotmers.
Lord FARNHAM in fSplanation observed, that he never said the
people of Ireland would Le disposed to resist by force the King's Go-
vernment.

Lord GREY—" My Lords' if I ever heard a speech of a pernicious
description, calculated to provoke the dangerous results which the noble
lord says he wishes to deprecate, my lords, it is the speech of that noble
lord. (Hear, hear.) lam glad the noble lord has had an opportunity
of infusing water in his wine, and thereby destroying the strong effect
of his language, for if my errs do not deceive me, as to the sentiment
which made the strongest impression on me, what 1 understood him to
say was this :—" The protestant. of Ireland would consider themselves
deserted by Parliament." (Hear.) Now, I call on him as a member
of the union to consider what must be the effect of the sentiment held
out by him, when he says the Protestant interest may consider them.
selves deserted ? too far from the Reform Bill being a desertion of the
Protestant interest, I shall contend that it will afford security to
the Protestant interest in both countries. It is almost unnecessary_
to refute the fallacy of the notion entertained by the noble lord,
when he tells you the Roman Catholics who think they can te-
nure the Roman Catholic religion, are likely to unite with Pro.
testanta, and that both sill dissolve the Union. I cannot doubt the
noble lord is a friend to the Union, but if be bolds forth such lan-
guage, and there exists in Ireland disgust against the measures of Go-
vernment, he throws a doubt upon the protection which the loyal have
a right to expect. (Hear, hear, hear.) lily hope is, that the Pro-
testants of Ireland will only see in this measure, the means of giving
their due share of the representation to the people and if my In.
formation does not deceive me, the measure which the noble lord bad
PO much deprecated, is universally hailed in the North of Ireland,
as one likely to strengthen the tights of the people, and secure their
best interests (hear). But the noble lord says Protestants and Ca-
tholics will be bound in one universal bond to destroy the Union, sad
that the personas° united may laugh at the power of Great Britain." I
could not have believed the noble lord could have said so much in
stating his difference of opinion ; and I do not think it is the way to re-
commend others to join in the noble lord's opposition, when he =ekes
the feelings of parties to a disturbance of the law The noble earl .
consideted discussion on the Itt form question premature, but could not
abstain from a few observations on the subject of close boroughs. The
noble lord had said close boroughs were a part of the Constitu ion. He
denied that assertion altogether. They were contrary to the constitution
of the country. The constitution of the country was founded on the
representation of the people, and not on nomination. Boroughs were
intended for the security of the Protestant interest he was ready to allow,
but if a traffic was made of these boroughs-1 sold to the highest bidder
—he might ask why if they came into the market, to be offered for sale, the
Roman Catholic purchaser might not procure election. Ile had no he-
sitation in saving, if this measure was carried, that instead of decreasing
the power of government in Ireland, it would tend to strengthen that
power.—( Hear, hear.) The noble earl adverted to an expression which
he had formerly made respecting the RAMO Catholics in Ireland, and
repeated, that in OM the Roman Catholic religion should be established
in Ireland, it would not prevent the union of the two countries. eM
the Continent states were govermak notwithaanding Protestants and
Roman Ca:ludic' lived under separate ecclesiastical establishments..
This measure, in short, would not lead the Prot stints of Ireland to
'conclude, that the Protestant interest was descend or betrayed ; but,
on the contrary, it was calculated to promote the peace, happiness, and
prosperity of the United Kingdom.
Lord W FO RD deprecaed all stub cenveraation, inasmuch as it
was irregular ; he begged to observe, however, that it the supporters of
the measure had not spoken of a dissolution of the Union between this
country and Ireland as a result to tie anticipated from a rejection of their
measure of Reform, they had certainly given it to be und. rstood that
anarchy and confusion would follow, if the measure were refused ; when
it came before their lordships, he should be ready to state Pis reasons
for opposing it.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM contended thee. the bill brought into
the other house of parliament, fur an alteration in the apreeentative
system, would have for its effects an exter.aon of corruption and
bribery at elections made easier. He agreed with the noble and keened
lord (Wynford) that such conversations were irregular ; ants if there
was one reason more potent than another why they should be stopped,
that reason was, that their lordships did not know in what shape the
bill for reform would come befcre the house : nay further, it was a
question if it came at all. For his own pan, he did not believe it
would ; at all events, it should rot have his support fur he viewed it
as no other than a measure of public And private robbery, which placed
the constitution of the country in the hands of those partite never is.
tended by the legislature.
Viscount OtWERICH flattered himself that notwithstanding what
had fallen from his noble friend, the country would have die benefit of
his vote when the reform question came before the hence. He contended
that the existence of rotten or nomination boroughs was not necessary
to the State; the bribery and corruption attending them had been de-
clared by the late :Ur. Wytidlietn as nt torious as the sun at noon-
day ; the practice of buying and milks seats in Parliament was not
known in the country till the lam century ; at present no one could go
into a ciety without hearing it publicly talked over bow much gentle-
men gave and received for seats in the other house of pailiament.--
Such a system ought to be extinguished, and that e-uld only be ac-
complished by the measure of reform broueht in by his Majesty's Mi.
nisters.

The maw then drepptd.
FITTING OT THE HOVEL

The Archbishop of CA in order :Pat there might be
no ti.irapprehension on the subject, *Wind to know of the noble and
Icaritt.d lord on the M'oolsack if it were tie intention of the noble and
learned- lord to sit on appeals on Good Friday, as well as Easter Mon-
day Tuesday P
The LORD CH A NUELLO It certainly did not mean to sit on
Good Friday. In his remarks on a former evening he merely alluded
to the practice of some of the Circuit Courts sitting on that day ; this
be had done to show that there would be no breach of public &mum
in the house sitting to bear appeals on Raster Monday and the follow-
ing Tuesday.
In answer to some remarks from the Archbishop of CANTER-
BURY.

The LORD CHANCELLOR gave some explanation regarding
the transfer of church patronage on the part of the Bishop of Eli; tbt
noble and learned Ina had said that the right reverend prelate bad made
some exchange between his son and eon-in-law, the latter of what
DOW possessed a living in Ely, and the former bad gene sontewlene
else.

Petitions for reform in parliatrent Here then presented by Ind
Grey, hom Limerick, Waterford, Dom?, and five other plasm.; abo
b 7 the Marquis of Lonadowne, from %lOCl'so9ll the& lb* NOn
bat might be extended to that country. The same noble nsargeip*lb
presented a petition how the manliest. of Calcutta. siousrlainliha
local taxation; oho from • [wish le Ireland, too the reveal II lie

:~
k'

~~

i
4
~1

i;~
~,

;:., •
i .

,4.

fthoution of slavery ; from the Cham •
atoinst the renewal of the East India

, presented a petition for rholttion of cold.
',kg slavery, from a place in Scotland.
Adjourned at a quarter•paat :wren o'clock to ten o'clock this dry, for
lift purpose of hearing appeals.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. BEYNTON presented a petition from the city of Cork in favour
of the plan of reform prottcsted by ministers ; and praying that their de.
seendants may not be disfranchised.
Mr. D. BROWN presented petitions from Ballina, Kildare, and
Galway, in favour of the plan of reform proposed by ministers.
The House was summoned to the House of Peers to hear the Royal
Assent given to several Bills.
The SPEAKER, on his return, informed the house that the Royal
Anent had been given by commission to several bills which he et,ume-
rated. [See House of Lords.)
Mr. RUTHVEN presented a petition from the County of Down in
favour of reform, and praying that the duration of Parliament should be
shortened ; an l that every candidate should be sworn not to use bribery
or corruption to procure his election.
Mr. GURNEY said, if ever such an oath should be proposed,
while he had a seat in Parliament, he should give it his most de-

eided opposition. _
Mr. ItUTHVEN presented a petition from Bainbridge, in the
county of Down, for reform of Parliament, and abolition of tithes

and vestrvers.
Mr. LK ADER presented a petition from Mount Meneck, and the
city of Kilkenny, for reform in Parliament.
.Mr. MILLER presented a petition from Newcastle-under-Line,
against the truck system.
Mr. MONTEITH presented a petitiou from Selkirk against the
union of burghs, proposed by the bill before the house.
General GASCOY NE asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether
he would consent to give up the first day after the holidays for the pre•
sentation of petitions.
Lord ALTHORP said there were notices of motion for that day, but
another day should be appointed.
Sir JOHN SHELLY asked whether any arrangement was made for
a more extensive delivery of letters by the General Post-office.
Lord A LTHORP said his noble friend had made an arrangement by
which letters could be delivered at all places within three miles of the
General Post-office, without any additional charge. The arrangement
was to commence on the sth of April.
Mr. MONTEITH moved for a return of the number of persons
holding lands of certain value in Scotland.—Agreed to.
Lord ALTHORP moved for a new writ for the Queen's County,
in the room of Sir Henry Parnell, who has accepted the office of Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. BARING brought up the Report of the Committee on the
salaries of Officers of State.
Mr. (lOU LBURN said the Committee had gone beyond the pur-
pose for which they were appointed, and had introduced the subject of
superannuations and retired allowances, and had recommended a course
to be pursued that would be most detrimental to the Monarchy. They
recommended that any case of public service thought deserving of
reward should be submitted to Parliament. He had stated his ob.
Jeefons in the Committee, where they were unattended to, and now
stated them to the House, that they might come to the subject pre-
pared for clismsaion.
Mr. BA RING said it was not very fair to propose a discussion on
ti•e Report of a Committee before it was printed. (Hear.) The re-
eunintendation of the Committee could not be acted on without a
Bill, and when that was before the House would be the proper time
tor discussion. (Hear, hear.) The Act recommended to be repealed
gave the Crown power to grant retired allowances to persons having
1,11 high offices for two years, which the Committee considered quite
preposterous.
Lord ALTHORP said the question was one of considerable im-
portance, and should receive the best consideration of Government.
Sir H. HARDING F. said he must enter his protest against that par
of the report which, while hallowed officers of the navy to hold civil
offices, and retain their pay, denied the same privilege to officers of th e
army, which he considered an indignity and injustice to the army, and
should bring forward a motion on the subject.
Mr. KENNEDY said there was no such difference in the report
as the gallant officer supposed. The principle was equally applicable
to both services.
Sir GEORGE WARRENDER said the only exception made was
in favour of the Naval Lords of the Admiralty, who were allowed to
retain their pay.
Sir GEORGE MURRAY said. it was stated that the principle
was to apply equally to both services ; but it was evident an exception
was made in favour of some naval officers, and none was made in favour
of military officers ; he disapproved of the principle altogether.
Sir CHARLES WETHERELL said the recommendation of the
Committee, like other measures in progress through the house, was
anti-monarchical. (Hear, and a laugh.)
Mr. HOIIHOUSE hoped the house would not discuss the report be-
fore it was read. (Hear.)
Mr. HUME thought the report was a very able report, and well de-
served the consideration of the house. If there was one member in the
house whose speeches tended to bring monarchy into discredit with the
country, it was his learned friend below him (Sir C. Wetherell), who
wished to uphold all abuses. (A laugh.)
Sir CH Alt LEs WETHERELL said he did not wish to break faith
with the crown.

The report was ordered to be printed.
CAMBRIDGE PETITION.
Lord PALMERSTON presented a petition from the University of
Cambridge, against some of the provisions In the bill for reform of
parliament before the house, and praying the house to proceed with
great caution in making sod) an important change.
Mr. W. BANKES congratulated the noble lord on being delivered
of the petition after nine days' gestation. He supposed the petition had
travelled with the usual rapidity to Downing-street, but there it be-
came a drag-chain on the noble lord by whom it was presented.
CoI.WOOD said he had voted for the second reading of the bill, but
would oppose many parts of it in the committee.
Mr. PRAED said the University of Cambridge was not opposed
to a moderate Reform ; but thought the proposed bill dangerous.
Lord J. It USSELL said he had a petition in his hands from the
nobility, bankers, merchiatts, and inhabitants of Dublin in favour of
the bill of Reform before the house, for five days, without being able to I
obtain an opportunity to present it. Ile was confident there had been
no intentional delay in the presentation of the petition from the Univer-
shy of Cambridge. Ile agreed with the petitioners that abrupt changes
should be avoided ; but. they did not know that every possible obstacle
was thrown in the way of making gradual Reform ; and that when it
was proposed to change hut two members of the house, the same ob.
jection was made to it as to the present measure.
Mr. 111/ULM:RN said the petition was entitled to attention as
c fling front men of information, and who were quite unprejudiced by
the' Reform measure.
T lie ATTORNEY-GENERAL observed, the petitioners did not
say a word about corporation tights. (Hear, hear.) The alarm they
expressed would vanish when the bill had obtained a fair and disinte-
rested hearing.
ssir C. WETHERELL said. the petitioners had not stopped at par-
ticulars, but it was sufficient that they should express themselves
against the change greatly.
Mr. ATTWOOD said, the assertion that the bill had not been dis-
cussed in a disinterested mariner was a libel on the House of Commons.
He was proceeding to say that he had not expected a libel from a learned
member whose profession it was to deal with libels, but was called to
order by Mr. Speaker.
111 r. G. PRICE said, he was acquainted with the petitioners, and the
majority formed the liberal part of the University. Though not hostile
to Reform, they could not concur in a measure which was the death-
w arrant of the Constitution.
Lord MORPEIII dissented from the sentiments of the petition, and
also disapproved of the vehement style in which the hon. member who
spoke last had supported it.
Lord PALM ERSTON defended himself against the insinuations
that had been thrown out, that he had wilfully withheld the petition
Dom being presented. He explained that he had been prevented from
getting his name upon the list unless for a very late hour, and respect
for the University of Cambridge made him unwilling to throw its peti-
tion so tar back ; and he said that the opportunity had been afforded
hint even now only by the indulgence of the house In permitting him
to present the petition out of his turn. He alluded to this charge hav-
ing been made prematurely by the learned member for Botoughbridge,
actually before the petition had reached him (Lord Palmerston.) The
noble lord made some whimsical animadversions on the speech of the
hon. member for s.arlborough, and said be was very ungrateful, for
had the petition been presented earlier it would have prevented him
from having amused the house with his hackneyed metaphors and
concocted epigrams on the subject. The noble lord concluded with saying
that nothing would ever deter him from performing his duty either as a
member of that house or as a member of his Majesty's government.
He complained that the sentiments of the petition had been un-
warrantably misconstrued by honourable members who had spoken
upon it, and he denied that it was expressive of sentiments totally ini-
mical to reform.
• Mr. DENMAN likewise rose in explanation, and replied to what
had fallen from the hon. member (Mr. Attwood), when he alluded to
acts of his (Mr. D.'s) former life.
Mr. ATT WOOD explained, and again alluded to the learned At-
torney-General, and said that in the excited state of the country he
might again be called upon to exercise his professional avocations.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to order and expostulated.
Isle. H. TWISS made a few ironical remarks on the measure of re.
form, and the manner in which it was to be decided.
Sir R. V YVYAN deprecated the threats of dissolution of Paella.
Went, and said that a tumour had got abroad that it was the intention
of his Majesty to avail himselt of the prerogative of the Crown,
and to refuse to issue writs for those rotten boroughs at the ensuing
election. 11. e hen. member reverted to the conversation that had taken
place on the previ us evening on the Hampshire petition, and repeated

' • '

his charge against Lord Althorp, that be bad voted against a Parlia-
mentary enquiry into the distressed state of the country.
Sir J. SEBRIGHT said, that there need be no hesitation in admit-
ting that as the question of reform at present was to be tried, that it
was opposed by hon. members who were interested in its defeat.
Lord ALTHORP denied that he had been hostile to a parlia-
mentary enquiry into the distress of the country,-or that he had dis-
believed that that distress existed ; but in explanation, he said that he
opposed the motion,at that time proposed, on principle,because he con-
sidered it was quite inefficient to meet the purposes for which it was to
be sent forth.
Mr. G. DAWSON made a few remarks on the allusion that
had been made by an honourable member (Sir J. Sebright) that a
number of members who were to vote on the question, were parties
interested.
Sir J. SE BRIGHT replied that he would only pay, that if he had been
placed in their situation, he would have acted differently.
51r. G. DAWSON said the honourable baronet meant to exclude
from that house, rather prematurely, all those members whom he had
promised himself the pleasure of dismembering by the measure that he
was about to support ; but he (Mr. G. Dawson) contended that if in.
tercsred motives were to be attributed to those who were to be disfran-
chised by the measure, that the same allegation might be laid to the
charge of those who were endeavouring to carry it.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL explained.
Sir J. SEBRIGHT explained.
Mr. H. GURNEY made a few general observations, and said, that
the act was only a recent one, and had been framed expressly for the
purpose of getting rid of Mr. Home Touke from that house ; and he
thought that it ought to be ceded to the two Universities of Oxford
and Cambridge the power of sending Members who had holy orders to
that house.
Mr. HUAIE reprobated the opposition so often repeated of the
rights vested in burgage tenures, which, according to that rea-
soning, ought to be preserved, whether there remained a man in
them or not; and that the only plea set up for this was, that
practice should be preserved merely because it was of old standing.—
This he considered quite ptepoatetous, so long as the large towns of
Birmingham, Leeds, and Manchester, were unrepresented. He also
remarked, that even honourable members who opposed the bill had
frequently reverted to history for their purpose, although in many in-
stances they brought forward incidents which went to prove, that in
all ages changes had been made according to the circumstances of the
country.
An Hon. MEMBER said that he had examined the Bill, and could
find no just principle in it. He denied that any rights had been
taken from the people by that house, and, consequently they had none
to be restored. He would have supported any measure for reform if he
could be convinced that this country was disrespected abroad and mis-
governed at home, but he was satisfied that neither was the fact. lie
said that the bill was not framed to give the people what they had pe-
titioned for—that none of the petitioners had called for any measure like
this. He said that the bill owed its origin to the revolutionary acts
that had taken place abroad, and that these measures had been virtually
countenanced by a noble lord opposite, who, in that very house, had
eulogized the tri-coloured flag.
Colonel SIBTHORP said he was favourable to the extension of the
suffrage, but he would not consent to deprivation ; if the bill were
corrected, he might support it, otherwise he should oppose it.
Mr. R. GRANT said, that the petition, as far as it went, was in
every way worthy of the eminent body from whom it came. It did not
go all the length of the proposers of the measure certainly, nor did it
support the views of those who resisted all reform. (Hear.) There
was one very remarkable circumstance, however, that petition was proof
of the progress of public opinion, for instead of resisting, they called
for moderate Reform. And that too with a body avowedly slow to
admit changes. Nor was the proof of the progress of public opinion
limited to this instance. Scarcely a member had opposed the plan of
the Ministers, who did not admit that he would not oppose moderate
Reform. He observed that though Norwich had sent a petition against
Reform, yet the mass of the population there were as favourable to the
plan as any portion of the kingdom.
The petition was then presented.
Sir R. VYVYAN said, he was glad to have heard a great constitu-
tional lawyer (the Attorney-General, we believe he meant) state that the
Crown had not the power to suspend the writs in a way that had been
avowed by some.
The ATTORNEY GENERAL observed, that there had been
a Resolution of the house on the subject in the time of James I.
as he had previously observed; but a Resolution of the House was
not law.
Mr. C. W. WYNN said, the resolution of the house did not
make law, it declared what was the law ; and it declared that the
Crown had not the power of suspending the writs. The writs were
continued to he sent ; and on those writs John Hampden had sat in
that house.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. C. WOOD (we believe) said, the Attorney-General, as be
understood, had borne testimony to the existence of the powers of the
Crown.
Mr M. FITZGERALD said, it was most important tht, question
should be set at rest. (Hear.) It was one that involved the IndeK
ence of that house. If the crown had the power, it was power of the
moat formidable character, and especially when it was remembered with
what a bill they were menaced.
Petition ordered to be printed.
Lord PALMERSTON then presented &petition from the Bachelors
of Arts of Cambridge University, in favour of the ministerial plan of
reform.
Sir C. WETHERELL said, as the question regarding the issuing
of writs, whether the crown had the power to suspend them, had been
mooted, it ought to be set at rest. (Hear.) The Attorney. General
ought distinctly to state whether that which might have been practised
in some barbarous periods of the Constitution was the law of the land.
Was it the law of the country ? Could the King suspend the issuing of
any writ? (Hear.)
Mr. SADLER also urged the importance of the question. If the
King had such power, it placed in jeopardy all the privileges they had
gained by their glorious revolution.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL remained silent.
Sir R. VYVYAN urged the importance of a clear understanding
on this subject. The reason why Cornwall had so many Members
was, that at a particular period the King had issued writs for the re-
turning of Members for places that had not before returned 3lembers,
in order to carry particular measures. As to the threat of dissolution,
which it was considered had been held out, he could not consider that
the Government would resort to so inconvenient a measure—except to
enable thc Ministers to retain their seats. And if they resorted to n
dissolution, what had they to expect ? Could they expect the boroughs
to send Members who would vote for their own destruction ?
Petition ordered to be printed.
Lord L. GOWER presented t' petition from Sir A. B. King, the
King's stationer, Dublin, complaining that the arrangement entered
into with him on the suppression of his patent was not complied with.
He wished the arrangement of the late ministers might be carried into
effect. _

Mr. G. DAWSON said the petitioner was a most deserving
gentleman, and trusted that the petition when printed would be care-
fully read.
ADJOURNMENT OP THE ROUSE.
Lord ALTHORP moved that the house, at its rising, do adjourn
till April 12.—Agreed to.
SPANISH AMMER, AT GIBRALTAR.
Mr. G. PRICE on the question that the House go into a Committee
of Supply on the ordnance estimates, begged to ask two questions which
he considered deeply to involve the character and honour of this country.
The first was, whether our government had taken any steps to remove
certain Spanish refugees from Gibraltar; and secondly, whether there
would be any objection to produce the correspondence that might have
taken place between the Governor of Gibraltar and the Spanish autho-
rities on the subject of those refugees ? He contended, at great length,
that the retention of those refugees, who were known to be restless and
unprincipled persons, desiring to carry rebellion into Spain, was a gross
violation of the laws of nations, and a breach of every principle that
ought to be observed towards Spain.
Lord PALMERSTON replied, that the relations of amity be-
tween this country and Spain remain undisturbed ; that the ministers
sought to maintain such friendship as tending to the benefit of both
countries; and that they should feel they deserved the severest censure
if they did any thing, by encouraging of conniving at those attempts to
which the honourable member alluded, that was calculated to disturb
such friendship. He rejoiced that no cause for any such censure had
yet arisen. As to the individuals about whom inquiry was made, the
government had learnt with the greatest regret, that some refugees—
thirty-four in number—who had received shelter in Gibraltar, had,
in February last, made an attack on the Spanish lines. No part of
that proceeding was connived at by the governor. Ten days pre-
viously to this attack the governor had prevented a similar attack
on certain particulars coming to his knowledge. About three
weeks before that period, the governor, of his own accord, without
any special instructtons front England, had communicated to the Spa-
nish authorities, that if they would point out any Spaniards, having
refuge in Gibraltar whom they suspected of availing themselves of such
protection for the purpose of carrying on designs against Spain, those
persons should no longer be allowed to remain at Gibraltar. However,
the attack was made. The Spanish refugees were repulsed, and they
retreated into Gibtaltar. They were immediately disarmed by the go-
vernor, confined, and afterwards compelled to leave the garrison : and
even those who were suspected of having aided their plans were com-
pelled to quit the garrison. The governor had only the power of giving
temporary asylum ; no person could become a permanent resident at
Gibraltar without the permission of the secretary for the colonies • and
it was determined to enforce that regulation in consequence of the at-
tempts that had resulted frem the refuge offered at Gibraltar, so that
Spain might have no cause to complain of the conduct of England. He
trusted this explanation would be satisfactory. Effectual measures were
taken to prevent Gibraltar from being made the place were plans for
such attacks could be formed.
AVAST' or IRELAND.
Lord ALTHORP, at the request of Mr. Dawson and others, post-
poned the Ordnance Estimates, and brought forward, in Committee,
the popueition to issue Exchequer Bills tor the Relief of the distressed

R;~:nr

i/~ "

"1111!F.:

"11/4.

IP%, -3!

pasts of Ireland. His lordship observed, that considering the fertility
of the country it was in a most extraordinary state. With all its ad.
vantages, capital would not flow to it, and the consequence was, to re-
Pere the difficulties that hence arose, it was found necessary for the
Government to interfere to supply that capital which private enter-
prise would not supply. The noble lord then entered into a de.
tail of the plan is accordance with which the proposed relief
was to be extended. The aids would be afforded without any refe-
rence to political feelings. A Commission would be appointed by
the Treasury at home, not by the Lord Lieutenant ; the Com-
missioners selected from those engaged in the Inland Navigation sys-
tem, dtc.—they were to make report to the Treasury only, and not to
sanction any new work by means of loans, without the sanction of
the Treasury. The Noble Lord went on to say, that the main
object of the proposition was to obtain a loan of money for the im-
provement of Ireland ; not, however, to be obtained on the principle
of former loans; the interest to be paid regularly, and the principal
by instalments ; and the persons borrowing to be reckoned Crown
Idebtors ; security to be given on the county rates, with a col-
lateral security on real property. He should merely observe, in
addition, that he anticipated no material objection to the propo-
sition, inasmuch as all former loans had been punctually paid.
As the month of May might arrive before the measure be now had the
honour of submitting to the house could be finally agreed to, he pro.
posed, in the meantime, that a smaller grant be allowed. Considering,
therefore, the present distress of Ireland, and the long time that must
elapse before any remedy could be applied, he proposed that the sum of
50,0001. be placed at the disposal of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland ;
but under the same restriction as the Commissioners, viz. that the Lord
Lieutenant be not at liberty to undertake arty new works without first
consulting with and receiving the consent of the Lords of the Treasury.
On the question being put,
Mr. WYSE was of opinion that most beneficial results would be
obtained by reclaiming the waste lands of Ireland. According to the
statistical report of Mr. Nimmo, there were 5,000,000 of acres of bog
land in that country which might all be reclaimed at the rate of one
guinea per acre ; thereby affording a permanent relief to the popula-
tion. He should rather prefer that the present security should be found
by an assessment on the country at large, and made to bear more heavy
on absentees than on others. He should support the proposition of
the Noble Lord most cordially.
Mr. SADLER considered relief of the present kind to be altogether
inadequate to the wants of Ireland; it was only a loan of about three-
half.pence a head for the whole population : (a laugh.) No permanent
good would result from loans, which had been repeatedly tried without
effect already ; the only cure was to be found in the adoption of an ef-
fective system of poor-laws. He did not, however, oppose the proposi.
tion before the house, but he should recommend a more efficient course
to be adopted by his Majesty's ministers with respect to Ireland.
Colonel TYRELL did not oppose the measure, but trusted that the
poor of this country would not be forgotten.
Mr. O'BRIEN contended that Ireland, sooner or later, must have
recourse to a modified system of poor-laws. Ireland had within itself
sufficient means to support all Its population.
Sir ROBERT WILSON expressed similar sentiments; as did Mr.
J. GRATTAN.

Mr. G. DAWSON objected to the proposition ; it was a stigma
upon the industry of the country it meant to relieve. He implored
His Majesty's Ministers to look upon the present measure as merely
preliminary to the introduction of a modified system of poor-laws into
Ireland.
Dlr. STANLEY said that there were various measures for the relief
of Ireland before the house, and discussions of them had only been kept
back by the other important business before the house, which, as every
hon. gentleman was aware, had engrossed the attention of the house al-
most to the exclusion of every thing else. lion. members objected to the
loan of 50,0001. as inadequate; it ought to be recollected that Ministers
did not propose it as a panacea for the ills of Ireland; it only formed port
of a larger sum to be applied in aiding the productive interest of Ireland.
The money was advanced primarily as a means of opening channels
to productive industry, by which the revenue of the country would be
increased, and it was also an advantage that it would, in a great degree,
relieve the existing distress of that part of the kingdom in which the
money was to be expended.
Mr. GOULBURN watt afraid Government would find itself much
disappointed if it supposed that a loan of 50,0001. would relieve
the distress of Ireland. The right hon. gentleman would find that the
most distressed part of the country had no security to give, and that it
was only to the wealthy part, where no distress existed, that the loan
would be made on good security.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD fully concurred In the grant as far as It
went, but thought a compulsory assessment on the land might be re-
sorted to for the repayment of the money.
Sir. COURTENAY hoped the noble lord (Lord Althorp) would
appoint an early day for the discussion of poor laws for Ireland, as
without resorting to some such system. the misery of Ireland could not
be removed. He should make no objection to the motion, but feared
it would not be productive of any important benefit.
Colonel TRENCH thought the money should be applied in the first
instance to works on the account of Government, without looking to
repayment.
Mr. ATTWOOD would not enter into the question whether the
money could be repaid or not, but thought the proposed relief was
wholly inadequate to the relief of the distress that raged in Ireland.
The noble lord at the head of the government said, the first object of
government would be to inquire into the distress of the country, to afford
relief, and the only measures they bad proposed were a system of
emigration, and a loan of 50,0001.
Mr. D. BROWN was doubtful whether poor laws were applicable to
Ireland. In the district where distress now raged, he was confident
there were more inhabitants than there were pounds in the rent. He
knew one of the estates, of 18,0001. a year, and there were 20,000 per-
sons living on it. He was afraid no security could be given for money
in the place which was most distressed ; but thought it absolutely ne-
cessary that some gratuitous advance should be made, to preserve the
poor from perishing.
Mr. LEADER hailed with gratitude the proposal of the noble lord,
which would be attended with great immediate benefit, and without any
loss to the government. He thought 50,0001. should be advanced for
the relief of those districts where no security could be given, and that
money should be advanced on loan to those parts of the country that
could produce sufficient security. The evils of Ireland arose out of a
desolating system of absenteeism, which forbad hope, and left nothing
but the most frightful state of anarchy. He had that day received a
letter from an able man in Ireland, addressed to the Lord Lieutenant,
front which he would read one The honourable gentleman
read a passage, in which the writer said, The war of poverty against
property had commenced, and that if the distress of the people was not
speedily relieved, Ireland would become uninhabitable." He hailed the
present measure as one of temporarrrelicf ; but it had nothing belong-
ing to it of a permanent character.
Sir J. BOURKE was grateful to government for the proposed grant,
which he was confident would only be efficacious if expended under the
direction of government. He thought public works, with a compulsory
act to compel the repayment, was the best system of poor laws for Ire-
land.
The resolution was agreed to. 1
The house resumed, and the Report was ordered to be received on
the I2th of April.
The civil list bill was read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted on the 12th of April.
Lord ALT lIOR P moved for a return of the salaries and allowances
heretofore paid out of the civil liar, and not provided for in the present
civil list. Ordered.
Sir. SPRING RICE moved for a writ f..r the election of a Burgess
for Slalton, in the room of Sir James Scarlett, who has accepted the
Chil•ern Hundreds.
Mr. WILES moved for a return of the number of houses in the
several districts round the City of London, to which it is proposed by
the 1. eform bill to give representatives, rated at 101. and upwards.
Several petitions were presented in favour of reform.
The house adjourned at Three o'Clock.

PANORAMA OF THE BRIT SH
EMPIRE.

BATH JOURNAL, MARCII 28.

ARBIVAI.S.--Lord Hood, Hon. G. P. Payne, Sir Wm. Burdett,
Bishop of Dromore, Col. Baines Cel. Baker, Major and Mrs. Homer,
Major Waters. Captains--England, Wynne, Hillier, R.N. Campbell,
Collingwood • Madame Vespetmann, Dr. Garlike. Rev. Messrs—A.
Baillie, Dudley, Edwards, Macao
Battu PARILit is supposed that this magnificent promenade was
thronged at one period on Sunday. by an assemblage of eight thousand
persons.
Davos; Assurs.—David Yeoman, was tried for maliciously cutting
and stabbing Ann Harley, at Dodbrooke. The prosecutrix, a young
woman, about twenty-five years of age, stated that the prisoner was a
wheelwright, and had, for some time previous to his committing this
offence, been lodging in her father's house. She had known him for
about two years, and for the greater part of that time he was paying
his addresses to her. She had refused him decidedly and repeatedly
on the subject of marriage. On the evening of the 12th of Fe-
bruary last, he called upon her, about five o'clock, at her
aunt's, and asked her to take a walk with him as he had
something to communicate to her. She at first refusal to accent.
pany him, but she afterwards consented, and they walked down a
neighbouring lane. Whilst going along the lane, he enquired of her if
she was fixed in he resolution never to accept him as her husband. She
replied that such was her fixed determination. He then said, as he
could not live without her, he should kill both himself and her, and he
then drew out a knife, with which he stabbed her in four different places,
and after be had so stabbed her he attempted to kill himself, but she
snatched the knife from out of his hand, and threw it over the hedge.
She then asked him to accompany her back to her aunt's, as
she was faint, which be did. She was then stripped and put to bed.
and a surgeon was sent for, who dressed her wounds. Other witnesses
were examined in support of the charge. Mr. Elliott, a surgeon,
stated the nature of wounds. inflicted on prosecutrix. This witness, on
his cross-examination, said that be heard that disappointment in love

pry

~.

' '

produced madness in some instances. Several witnesses gave the pri-
soner a good character. Mr. Justice Taunton summed up the case. A.
the jury were about to retire, a scene took place in Court, which baffles
all description. One loud and general shriek proceeded from the
audience, particularly from the female part, which chiefly com-
posed the audience, several of whom were fainting, and most of them
shedding team It was then, amidst the general confusion, ennounaed ,„
the Court that the prisoner had attempted to cut his throat. He had,
it seems, concealed a knife about his person, and taking advantage of
the withdrawing of the Jury, which created some little noise and con.
fusion, he inflicted a wound upon the left side of his throat, in the di.
section of the carotid artery. He fell on the floor, and the knife teal
immediately taken from him, and it was ascertained that the wound
was only a slight one. He was then removed from the Court to the jail
infirmary.—The Jury found him Guilty.
A few days since, a labourer, in removing the thatch from an old
building, in the neighbourhood of this city, found deposited in an old
leather bag, near 400 pieces of silver, struck during the reigns of
Phillip and Mary, Elizabeth, and James 1. many of which arc in high
preservation.
Tuesday night, the farm house at Rugby, in the parish of Tawstock,
occupied by Mr. Slooman, his wife and only daughter, was blown
down with a tremendous crash, burying the inhabitants beneath its
ruins. The mother and daughter, we lament to say, perished, by the:
accident, but Mr. Slooman escaped with life, though severely hurt.
A reform meeting was held at Bodmin on Wednesday. Letters
stating causes of absence from the county members had been received
by the sheriff, and was read to the meeting. Considerable expressions
of dissatisfaction were evinced at the moderate reform sentiments of Sir
' R. Vyvyan • but one from E. W. W. Pendarves, Esq. was much ap.
plauded. it expressed his unalterable attachment to the cause of re.
-ns. An address to the King, and petitions to the legislature, were
unanimously agreed to.
As Mr. J. Newton, of Bristol, was driving in a four-wheel chaise,
from Stapleton, on Monday, the horse took fright, when Mr. Newton
was thrown out, and so injured in the fall, that he died on Tuesday.
Upwards of two hundred and fifty persons sailed in the fine barque
Airthry Castle, on Thursday last, for Quebec. from this port.
The weighing machine erected on the Somersetshire Coal Canal at
Mitford, having been surveyed last week, by several gentlemen connected
with the coal trade, and some eminent engineers and boat-builders, all
present were satisfied that the weighing the boats was effected with great
facility, and without the least injury to the boats.
The Bath Turnpike Tolls were let on Saturday for one year, to com-
mence on the Ist of April next, for 11,0101. being an advance of 8991.
on the last year's produce.
Four silver dishes, weighing 220 ounces, have been presented by the
parishioners of Shepton Mallet, to the Rev. P. Wilson' as a memorial
of their attachment, on his resignation of the curacy of that place, and
accepting the living of lichester.
Saturday evening last, a considerable number, both of infants and
those of riper years, were baptized at the parish church of Frome. pr:-
paratory to their embarkations for Canada, pursuant to a plan wittelt
was adopted at a late vestry meeting ; and on Sunday evening at Christ's
Church (the new church), the Rev. J. Alger preached an appropriate
sermon on the occasion, from Phil. iv. 8, " Finally, brethren, whatsoever
things are true, whatsoever things are honest," &c. to a numerous and
attentive auditory ; in which the reverend gentleman. with much feel-
ing, addressed about seventy of the individuals who are thus about so
soon to leave their native land for a distant country. Three waggons
and two carts passed through Frome on Monday, with poor persons and
their families who had become chargeable to the parish of Horning._
ham and parishes adjoining, on their way to Bristol, whence they are
to embark as emigrants for Canada.
A most daring robbery was committed at the Westbury Branch Bank
at Frome on Monday se'nnight. About 7001. in cash and bills, besides
a quantity of plate, were abstracted.
I LIIINSTIL—A fire broke out in this town on Friday night, when
five cottages, the property of Mrs. Boyce, and Mr. Larcombe, were
burnt to the ground.
Mrs. Hayman, of Honiton, (says a correspondent,) has given to her
tenants in the neighbourhood of Bridgwater whose 7 years' leases are
expired, notice that they must pay advanced rents to continue, and the
tenants have given an exchange notice to the lady saying," that they
shall quit unless the rents be lowered."
Four brothers, labourers, who reside in the neighbourhood of Rock
House, near Taunton, have, within the last month, come into possession
of property to the amount f forty thousand pounds ! This unexpected
windfall was bequeathed to them by a relative, who, some years since,
went to London in the capacity of porter to an oil warehouse.
BATH, SATURDAY, MARCH 26.—Wheat, per quarter, 50. to 78s ;
Flour, 63. to 683 ; Seconds ditto, 57s to 58s ; Beans, per quarter,
40s to 54s ; Barley, per quarter, 30s to 46s ; Peas, per quarter, 416 to
70s ; Oats, per quarter, 26s to 30s.—The 41h. loaf, Wheaten, 101;
Standard Wheaton, 9d.—Beef, pet lb. 6d to 7d ; Mutton. 6d to 8d ;
Veal, 7.1 to 9d ; Lamb, 7d to 8d ; Pork, Gd to 7d.—Chickens, per
couple, 3s to 3s 4d ; Fowls, 3s 61 to 4s ; Ducks, 3s 9d to 4s 4d ;
Geese, each, 4s 6d to 51 6d ; Turkeys, 7s to 9s ; Butter, per lb. Isd to
16d ; Cheese, per lb. 6d to lid ; Eggs, per dozen, 14d to 20d; Po-
tatoes, per peck, lid.
MARRIED.—G. Moore, Esq. surgeon, of Moreton-in-the-Marsh,
to Eliza, fourth daughter of J. New, Esq. of Northway, near Tewkes-
bury.—Thos. Nott, Rog. of Southampton, to Miss Susan Harding of
Combmarin.—John Tylden, Esq. of the Royal Artilley, to Catherine
eldest daughter of the late Col. Williams.—Mr. Fred. Jas. Badham,,
of Bristol, to Ann Mauduit, only daughter of the late L. Garvey, Esq.
DIED.-73, Mr. Thomas Pope, late of the Royal Mint.-24, the
Hon. Miss Maria Noel, relict of the late Dean of Salisbury.—At the
Vicarage, Bitton, 28, Ann, wife of the Rev. H. T. Ellicombe.—Wm.
Ashman, Esq. of Egford House, near Frome.—At Bitton, Mr. George
' Swayne.—Edmund Carr, Esq. aged 45.—At Tewkesbury, Thomas
Cooper, Esq.—The Rev. Mr. Prowse, of Bromham, near Devizes.—
' The Rev. Mr. Noyes, Dissenting Minister of Pewsey.—Mr. Perkins,
' clothier, of Trowbridge.
NORTHAMPTON FREE PRESS, MA RCII 29.
The sport at our races on Thursday was excellent; the match be-
tween Mr. Whitworth's Donna Clara and Mr. Cox's Haidee was
admirable— Haidce winning by only a neck ; but it is generally thought
had Donna Clara been pushed earlier in the race she would have won it.
Captain Bouverie was extremely fortunate in tiding four of the winning
horses.
A meeting of the electors of Northampton was held yesterday (Mon.
day), to consider of the parliamentary conduct of two gentlemen, as
the representatives of the town; when a resolution ...as unanimously
passed of approbation of the conduct of Sir George Robinson, and a vote
of censure was as unanimously passed upon the parliamentary conduct
of Sir R. H. Gunning, Bart. for the votes he gave upon the only two
questions of importance that have been agitated since his return to per.
hament' viz.—against the motion of Sir H. Parnell upon the civil list,
and the all-important question of reform. We think Sir R. Gushing
may bid his friends good-bye, as the representative of Northampton,
when the next election arrives.
Up to a late hour on Saturday evening, only 45 names were sub-
scribed to the county anti-reform petition lying at the Eagle, Cambridge,
including that of one of our devih,vrhom we sent to reconnoitre,and being
detected in the fact, was obliged to sign—to avoid a perhaps more dis-
agreeablealternative. Our devil was the forty.fourth, and the deputy
town clerk completed the forty.fifth !
Six of the unfortunate men who were convicted at our assizes of ma-
chine breaking—viz. John Simon Clark and Thomas Stapleton, for 14
ears; William Colley, William Hughes, William Homer, and Wm.
Page Wells, for seven years, were remelted yesterday ae'nnight, in the
custody of the governor of the gaol, to Gosport, to be put on hoard the
Yak Hulk for their several destinations.
ST. JOHN'S HOSPITAL.—At a meeting of the inhabitants convened
at the Town Hall, Huntingdon, on the 15th inert. by direction of the
relators in the cause of St. John's Hospital, Mr. Wells gave a detailed
and satisfactory explanation of the progress of the suit ; and of his
great exertions in the cause. It appears a great many inmealiments had
been thrown in his way ; most of which he fortunately overcame.—
Nineteen years, he observed, had elapsed since the commencement.
BIDPORDSHIRE —The praiseworthy efforts of' Mr. Montagu Bur.
goyne to collect a fund for the location of poor labourers in small allot-
ments of land, through the medium of a morning concert, were abun-
dantly rewarded by a very fashionable and full attendance. The coo-
cert being finished, Mr. Burgoyne went into the orchestra, and in an
animated and pathetic speech, thanked the performers fur their hence°•
lent and gratuitous assistance, and explained to them what he had in
view. He told them that the object he had Ras to enable the poor la-
bourer to live in comfort and content at home, by giving him a small
allotment of land, which he might cultivate and call his °en.
and by his own industry maintain his family, instead of being driven
by distress to foreign climes, where his happiness and even his hie
would he uncertain. He declared himself an enemy to emigration
until the means of provision at home were exhausted ; and he could
not think this to be the case at present, when fifteen millions of acres
were uncultivated, twelve thousand of which were almost contiguous
to the metropolis.
BenroaD.—A public meeting took place at the Shire hall, on
Thursday se'nnight, to consider the propriety of presenting an address
to his Majesty, expressing their approbation of the plan of Reform, in-
troduced into the House of Commons by Lord J. Russell ; and also to
petition both Houses of Parliament, that the same may be carried.
BANBURY, MARCH, 24.—Wheat' 9s to 101 ; Beans, 4s to 6s 61
per bushel ; Barley, 28s to 42s ; Oats, 244 to 32s per quarter ; Flour,
55s to (15. per sack ; Bread, ls &I per half peck.

NYWGATE AND LEADENHALL—THIS DAY.
By the Carease.—Per stone of 81t,s.
Beef 2s 10d 3s ed Ss 1041 I Mutton Ss 6d 4s 01 4s 44
Veal Ss 84 4s 81 Si 44 Pork 3s 64 4s 81 Ss vtl
Lamb.... 7s Od ... 7s 4d.

FARRINCIDON AIARKET—THIS DAY.
Beer—Finest Roasting, 8d per lb. Boiling. sed to 6d. Mull-
- Leg, Bd. Shoulder, Td. Vgab—Leg. fled. DUO, iOl.
Peas, 7d to 9d.
InserVAlt it A 0 IrTi•E'6 1 Gk 1"0- MDR ROW.
Morning 4H. iOl4 I Afternoon 41t 4B*

LONDON: Ponied Published iii JOHN MAYNE, et the JTAI
Orrwit, No. 1, Pickett-place, Temple Bar.

Mount
- tie
syx.
'At
• v,
14111. F.
I • • • •• for Vie
be 1,1 ." • asgow,
Companv'a charter.
The Earl of GLASGOW prt
