l(dArldfN ISLES.

CORFU, JUNE S.

PROCLAMATION OP HIS EXCELLENCY THE RICHT DON.
MIL 'SIMIAN MAITLAND, &C. &C. &C.

4g Shortly after the arrival of his Excellency in
time States he discovered. with deep chagrin, that
there existed amongst the persons removed from the
Senate by the Decree of the 9.21 of May, a disposi-
tion to maintain pretensions in direct contravention of
the Treaty of Paris, a Treaty negotiated and con-
cluded by the Allied Sovereigns, with the magna-
nimous object of securing the happiness and liberty
of the lonian Isles.

" The fourth Ankle of that Treaty expressly says,
' Until the Constitutional Charter shall be arranged
and duly ratified, the existing Constitutions shalt re-
main in tone in the different Idles, and there shall be
no akeration made except by order of his Britannic
Majesty in Council.'
" It is thus expresily declared, tint until the Con-
stitutioatal Charter of the United States shalt be defi-
nitively arranged and ratified, the dift.tent Isles shall
continue so be governed by their respective Constitu-
tions, as they existed at the time the Treaty was
signed.
The persons excluded from the Senate now m
ain-
tain, in contradiction to notorious facts, that there
existed in these Isles only one Constitution, that of
1803; that all the Constitutions granted since to the
other Isles are null and of no effect ; and that the Se-
nate of Corfu was actually the Representative Body
of all the I.)nian States.

4, Against such assertions—against an interpreta-
tion so false, both of the letter and spirit of the above
quoted article, it would be wholly useless to employ
the language of reason, or to apply the principle. of
conciliation. They are in fact supported by a kind
of infatuation only to be equalled by their own false-
hood.

" Under these circumstances his Excellency found
himself under the necessity of soliciting to this ques-
tion the attention of his Istijesty. who has conde-
scended to m 4 ke known his pleasure in this respect by
an Cl,dcr in Council.

“ His Excellency hid received official advice of
this Order and of its object, when he published the
Proclamation above referred to, of the `22cl of M iy ;
but he could not then quote the words of it, not
having received the official document. Now that this
decision, given in Council, has come to hand, his Ex-
cellency desires that its substance shall be immediately
proclaimed for the information of the public.
[This document gives the Report to the Council,
then the Articles of the Treaty relative to the subject,
and continues as follows :3

" And as the said Ciinstitutional Charter is not
yet either arranged or duly ratified, his Xoyal High-
ness taking into consWration the proposition submit-
ted to him, and observing that it will be suitable to
declare the intentions of his Majesty regarding the
Provisional Administration of the said Isles, is pleased
to order, in the name and on • the behalf of 11:$ Ma.
jebty, amid by the advice of his Privy Council, it is
ordered by these presents, that the Governments exist.
lag in the said isles, at the date of the signature of the.
said Treaty, shall remain in force as Provisional Go-
vernmentsfor the administration, separately and respec
duly, of each of the said Isles, until.the said Constitu-
tional Charter shall bearranged and d uly ratified, unless
all or any of such Governments shall receive any
alteration by virtue of any Order in Council issued by
his Milk:sty, in the manner acd form provided for
by the said Treaty. We also order, and it is ordered
accordingly, that every person who shall have been
deputed, nominated or elected, before or atter the
date of the said order, as a Member of any Senate or
Council whatsoever, which does or may exist in the
Isle of Corlu, during the subsistence of such Provi
sional Governments, may and ought to be excluded,
unless he be a native of that island. It is further or-
dered, by these presents, that this Order shall remain
in force until the said Constitutional Charter shall be
arranged and duly ratified, unless such order shall be
revoked or altered by any other order in Council, as
provided for by the said Treaty. The Right Hon.
Earl Bathurst, one of his Majesty's Principal Secre-
taries of State, will give the necessary directions con-
formably to these presents
These presents shall be printed in Greek and ha-
ll" and published for general information.
• At the Palace of Corfu, 89th May,1516.
“ By Order of his Excellency,
Wurasig Manz, Sec. of Government."

EAST I::D as.

The genelral state of Indio, as described in toi.,
of the id:est 'pipers irons that conitry, w;,:.
out any partictil.tr shew of hoshlity ,ny
rower, justify the extensive at mantrnt, Pat in niot; :
on the MAratta frontiers.

of ...Rctsni.,
Besides the late suspicious mover ents
and on the side of the Rajah rf lirrAr, it is st4t;
these papers, that the Rajah of Typoor possess, s
the time of the late dispatches hti•t a there notna,
authority over the extensive domains so long livid b.
his ancient race ; and that, with the exception 0 :•
few miles around the city, the whole touchy ha
submitted to the government of Amer.'s KIIAN,
xt
adventurer, who had for several yeirs re:le:led wits,
self Extremely troublesome in that quarter.
The affairs of HOLKAR'S SOVCIT.M(r.; Were in
irate of more than usu.tl witt!action, :tad tl:e army
that Chieftain, though somewhat set:aced :n number,
!was yet in a mutinous conkl,z.mt, on account of tht
great arrears of pay. No one in the State Seelnej to
have consequence sufficient to ;cress their taos?.
tuons proceedings, nor a strong hand or pecelial
means enough to satisfy them in their demand;.
PCIN RAM lioutait, a near reia.ion to the !,tai
of the present lanniy, died on the i Bth of t\t,iver,r
last, for whose death the Court went into ineuiri,,,
• RVNJEET SING still meditated art invasion of
kingdom of Cashineer.
The inustiture of the new Knights Cornorin3o%
of the Bath, by the Goverrr C•:!le%11, trink a:
Calcutta the beginning of Ivivernller ; !int Lit:lw.
nant General J. MACDONALD, 'lnjor G.metel R.
BLAIR, and Major General J. Housroan, recei,:a
that honourable distinction from t':e hand! t tle
Earl of MOIRA, who addressed the Knights Coalman.
ders in an animated speech.

GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA, JUNE 29.

Accounts from the circle of Chrisdine, say, that a
dreadful fire which broke out at Hehenmeuth, ia
spite of the most active exertions to extinguish it—in
which the Magistrates greatly distinguished thun.
selves, has destroyed 205 buildings, among wl•i;h
are several public establishments, which, with tle
finest fruit gardens, were in a few hours the prey of
the flames. A violent and continued rain on the to -
lowing days increased the distress, by undermining
a great part of what remained standing.
Hundreds of families in this unhappy place, labial
experienced a similar visitation in 1771., are now lan.
guishing without it roof trs cover them, and deprived
ut every hope except from the humanity and beneso.
lence of their generous countrymen."

. FRANCE.
PRIVATE LETTER.
" P IRIS, JULY u

" Military preparations are Kill carrying on with secrecy
activity. Twelve Lieutenant Generals, 24 Marechaux de Camp
and a proportionate number of other officers have been
into service. These are chitty men who have served in the t..t
campaign, and have received their appointments without aq '
applico ion on their part. The levies alsoproceni in all quarter!.
" The exists, it appears, much disagreement between the Fi-
nance Obillniirtee and Ministers. Tits devising of a plan of Er
11:111Ce, which would proprrly belong to the Minister of that Be.
partment, had been confitlA to a Committee of the Lower House,
in order that it might srperlence less difficulty in passing tlit
Assembly ; still the concurrence of Minister% was nects3ary,
it Is the want of that ctricorrence on ti.e part of M. corvette, '
that has given rise to that Minister's r:itirentent. it
would seems, that the Commis:ion of the Budget, representing
ibs majority of the House of Deputi-s, are upon the saint :ern*
whit Ministers that they, were during the last Stss!on.
" A report circulated yesterday of Pouts di Borgho's having
quitted Paris, hut it was unfounded; it is certain, however, thS
be has appeared 'nue% less of late in political circles.
" in one of my laic letters I mentionAl the Ru:slan arrange►
tuent by which the hlezican Independence was to be sitsta'nt,l.

" The 1 reaty of Ainance be:ween Itessia and Anterica,whh h
ye•tcr.:ay made Is appearance la the Joirnal der Delreh, 1:14
c.srmborreLs tMa statenlvlit ; it las made a treat sensation her-,
viewed as an act of direct h( stility against England. M.
Gatiain arrived tLe day before yetrertii:y. Prince Kowrietu*
d..ily expected for the purpose of coropletinl with hint the
American system.
" A Gentleman seated en the Boulevard the other day, was
engnted in conversation on the sul.jeet of M. de Venteoil, the
Kosigitt of t.t. I.ouis, who betrayed himself m an aim.. °I the
Pollen in the late conspiracy, and was indulging in a *train of ha.
incur .1: aria expense, and a: that of the illustrious Order itself;
when, on ri.b.g, he sew; followed, and presently accosted Ly a
coop!: of DJ un of gill:eel appearance, who begged him to ao•
compat.y them to the oiEce of a Commissary of Police. tin•
of the latter shortly after quitted his companion to arprise de
Contsttisl.,.ry, who, inimediatly on tile arrival of the Gentleman
arr.ts ted, knew, as it %etre, by land:ion, what subject to imtr•
rogate him upon. Thi Gentleman, who Wag the Nike de Brill-
eas, gave his name, denied none of the expressions 'mewed to
him, a:.l repeated indeed, many el' •hem in still stronger term..
l'he Con issary, accordingly, drew top his Proces Verhal, ::el
caused use Duke to be conducted to the Prefecture, where
Angles, in consideration of the rank of M. de Prr.neas, order.:
hint to be stt at liberty, stating, that Me wuuld make les it..-
port to the lung, wha tennis: no doubt eiglity his pleasure • f
the Duke."

Letters from Constance, state, that the measarm
taken by the l'iedenuntese Government again.t the
French exiles slim hid wirher.iwn into that countrit
have sent hack a great number into the cliarent Swiss
Cantons ; but they are not tolerated there, and rece'vo
instantly orders to move off. Gannon arrive ir. A
few days at Constance—Meliee de la 'fouche is thew
already, but neither will be permitted to remain.%
The silly report that the world is to be at ar er.l
to-morrow. .has been circulated at Paris as well as
at L,indon and every other part of the Continent.--
The repo:: had its origin in ills appearance ut the
sun at present having some sp.its upon its d'sk.—
These spots, it was said, ah.tonnced the sred'•
extinction of this luminary, and consequent'y
end of the world. An Astronomer at Paris, at rt.
nme of Rovy, has published a letttr in as Paris
Papers, in which, alluding to these ridiculous appre-
hensinns, be offers to dissipate them, by explainir,?:
the 'pelts in his evening Lectures. The Astronomer
has certainly hit upon an excellent expedient for .1
fivf upon his Lectures, and it is a pi•.y he did no:
dunk of it sooner. lie could mit draw more Ow
two a three nights.

II

T•

THE EVENING STAR.

1,0 N DON.

•
WEDNESDAY, JULY 17, 1816.
NOE OF STOCKS THIS PAY ATI WELYE O'CLOCK.
joek Stock Even Reduced 6S} 64—Cons.63}—for opg. 651:
4 per Cent. VII 1-5 per Cent. 9511—Bonds Os. 7s. pr.
mom —lizchcquer 8i1t5,25. 6s. pre.

The Funds continue to imprnve in price. The
Lowry mosey for the !'cites will be invested in a few
days. It is expected that the Dividends on the Stock
Rill stand in the names of the Lords of the Regency
of Hgnover, and will be laid out to-morrow; this is
taller more than one million.

There have been, as our Readers must have ob.
served, several rumours circulated about changes in
the Administration. We learn from respectable au-
thority that, pub vs as a compliment of gratitude,
k was lately intimated to the Duke of Wriuscros,
that arrangements could be made to bring the Mar-
(Os of WELLESLEY into place. This propositicn,
vhith waa submitted to the latter Nobleman, we un-
anivind, was declincd, but we have not heard whe-
ther any or what reason was assigned.

It will be seen from the Proclamation of General
MAITLAND, in his capacity of Governor of the lonian
Hands, that some attempts bad been wade to dis-
quiet the inhabitants by claims founded on the Con.
stitation of 1803, which bad been set aside by the
late Treaty of Paris till a new Constitution should be
prepared for all the Islands. In the mean time, it
had been settled that the existing Constitutions of the
several Islands should continue in force for the main.
tenance of order, but the discharged Members of the
Senate at Corfu, discontented with this arrangement,
have been maintaining that no Constitution could be
ii► force but that of 1803. The General's temperate
Proclamation is well calculated to repress every effect
likely to be produced by these pretensions.

The Paris Papers of Sunday reached us this morn-
ing They contain a very interesting official narra-
tive of the late outrage perpetrated by the Algtrines
upon our unoffending countrymen. The account,
which drawn up by the British Vice-Consul in
Sicily, will be read by every Briton with feelings of
no common description.—Let us hope that the period
is at hand in which the power of these detestable
miscreants, whose existence as acknowledged Govern-
ments has so long been a disgrace to Britain and to
all Europe, will be entirtly annihilated. We hope
there is not a Minister or a nun in this country who
will ever dire to neguciatc or recommend a cumpro.
mist of any kind with the tyrants who claim the tight
to rule over the Northern Coast of Africa.

Only yesterday eve laid before our Readers a letter
from Genoa of the :Mat ultimo, stating, that several
vessels, without a soul on board, had been met with
at sea, and Car: ied into the lonian Isles by a British
vessel. Among these were two Sp mish•builr, one
believed to be Englir,h, and a French tartane. It is
not doubted that the clews have either been cat ried
into slavery or drowned by Barbary Corsairs.—Such
acts cannot be longer endured on any ground what.
ever. How are they to be terminate ? Only by
rooting out entirely the nests in whivb these robbers
take shelter with their booty, by seizing on every one
of their harbours, and keeping possession of them.
We are happy to announce that the preparations
for the saiiinti of the fleet which is about to hurl ven-
geance on these lawless miscreants, are nearly com•
Flew. The ships are fully manned, and the crews
are all in high spirits. It is known that the Alg-rines
can make some resistance, their harbours being pro.
hcted by very strong batteries ; but the bravery of
our countrymen may be relied upon to command
success. Other Powers, we are happy to observe,
are taking their share in an enterprize equally tote-
resting. LAters of the 17th ult. from Gibraltar in-
form us,that the Dutch Admiral Baron CAPELLIDIyhad
jostreturned thither I torn off A lgiers, with his squadron.
He was in the Bay of Algiers several days, recoil.
noitri,g the fortress aTid endeavourirg to induce some
Algerine ships to come out from under their batteries
to fi.;ht him. A tremendous fire was opened upon
him, and kept up fur almost two days, without doing
the least injury, although a vast number of shells
went over his ships. Some of his boats were manned
to cut oat, during the night, an Algerine brig, when
about 40 or 50 gun-boats, armed with long 36 and '24.
pi.onders, filed out of Vie harbour, came to her pro-
rtaion, and exhausted all their ammu.lition in the
wildest manner, without occasioning to the Dutch
any loss whatever.

Admiral, we learn, has since been reinforced
at Gibraltar by the AmsTEr., a fine frigate ; and is
ii.qt.g for tie arrival of two line-of-battle ships and
t7igate from Holland. He is, however, most likely
soon to sail again to compel the Algerines to remain
at home or to fight hira at sea. One of his frigates
sprung a leak; but ht has now again four fine fri-
gates and a sloop fit for service. _

The French Papers allude to the detection of a
fresh conspiracy, the correspondence connected with
wlit4ll has been carrying on by means of sympathetic'
ink, which became visible on holding the letters to
the fire. They must be ignorant nun indeed who
could believe that this simrlc device could long re.,
Win uodiscovercd.

PAPtitgs

• RECEIVED ?HIS MORNING:

uutlnlta EXTRAORDINARY ON' SUNDAY MditltlVO6
An Officer of Cuirassiers yesterday arrested, on the
Place du Carousel, an officer on half-pay, for uttering
some outrageous expressions against the King.
A Frenet vessel from Cyprus has entered the port
of Marseilles. A Barbary corsair had given chaee to
her between Tunis and Sardinia ; but ceased the
pursuit the instant she hoisted the white fag.
Notwithstanding the bad weather, which has' listed
for several weeks, but which seems to have ceased
within the last two days, the reports from the country
are not displeasing, so far as the harvest is concerned.
The corn has not suffered, and the vines look well.
Letters from Frankfort state, that the new Constl;
ilLion of that city is in the press, and will be pub-
lished in a few days.
The Duke del Marque, the Spanish • Ambassador
to Vienna, has left Paris for his destination.
