• 1

BIJEtCOOS AYRES.
The Buenos Ayres Papers contain a printed Bulletin
of the 19th October, announcing the defeat sustained
by the Brazilian troops in the Banda Oriental, and
adding that they were in full retreat towards Rio
Grande. The following is a copyist' the bulletin:
BANDA ORIENTAL.--(VICTORY OF SARANDI).
Its new impossible that the Despot of Brazil should
hape to aggrandise his empire by the. slavery of our
province. The Orientalists have just given to the world
an induttitable proof that they know how to- estimate
liberty at its proper value. Two thousand soldiers se-
lected from the Brazilian cavalry, and commanded by
Col. V. Manuel, have been completely defeated yestet-
day on the coast of Sarandi by an equal force of
those valiant patriots whom I Dave the honour to
command. That division, as haughty as its commander,
had the audacity to expose itselfin open field,ignorant no
doubt of the braveryof the arm y which they thus insulted.
To see and engage with as *as but the work of a moment.
—There was no :mortaring on either side; the busi-
ness was the charge, which certainly appeared the
most formidable that can be imagined. The enemy
commenced with a vigorous fire, which our men, die-
regarding with sword in hand, and carbine on shoulder.,
met according to My orders; they sabred and confused,
them in such a manner as to put them to flight, and
then pursued them till they were completely dispersed.
The result was, that of the enemy's force ti-are were on
the field of battle mote than four hundred dead. four
hundred and seventy of the line prisoners, and fifty.
two °dicers, without reckoning the wounded and dis.
persed, which we are still ,picking up in all quarters.
There were more than two thousand arms of every de-
scription, 12 chests of munitions, and all their cavalry.
Our loss consisted in one Officer dead. thirteen
wounded ; and thirty soldiers dead, and 70 wounded.
—TheGenerals, Officers, and troops, are all most de-
Scoring of the title of valiant. The brave and well
deserving Brigadier Inspector, after distinguishing
himself will the greatest glory during the whole action,
fail by a small force which had escaped our swords. I
Shill detail the particulars of this most memorable
attioh co the first opportunity ; at present mote import-
ant buiiness ekes not permit me to do so. The Serjeant-
Major, who-is charged with the detailed accounts of the
army, and bearer of this, will inform your Excellency
of the other particulars which you may desire to know.
October 13, 1823. LAVELLE/A.
VICTORY OF PERDIDO.
EXOELLIENT SIR—I have the honour to lay before you,
for your Excellency's information, that on the 13th inst.
at four *o'clock in the evening, the enemy's division,
commanded by D. A. J.O here, has been compe led to
tapieulate at the pass of the Palisades of Perdido, by
Adjutant D. Saptos Aguelar, and twenty-seven soldiers
under his command. To-morrow I shall be made
acquainted with the conditions of the capitulation, and
I shall lay before your Excellency the whole account of
the victory. •
Arroyo Giaaile. Oct. 14, 1825. ' J. ARENAS,
. Commander of the Colony.
• In an official communication from the Commander,
In:Olinda, dated at Salta. the 16th inst. it is mentioned,
that at eight o'clock on that morning, he received inftr-
matiots•from nine thon.of the.Corpt of Observation, that
the -barbarians attacked them en that morning, at break
01 day, find then proceeded in the direction 'of Rojas.
The number of the Indians, was not known.
Since writing the above, we learn that Commander
Isquierdo has attacked and completely routed the In-
dians, Mho presented themselves to the number of
800 in. Arroyo Dolce. He only had a force of 480 Men,
consisting of Hussars and Militia; but the bravery and
decision of this handful enabled them to leave 100 of
the enemy dead on the field of battle, and then pursue
the remainder, massacreing them as they fled.

GREECE.
..mr..-

TAM THE CONSTITUTIONNEL Of JAM. 14.

" Camp at Salons, Nov. ti, MS.
" On the 21st, General Gouras and myself quitted
our camp for the purpose of intercepting, near Ther-
anopyla, the provisions which the enemy impatiently
expected. Arrived at Boatounitza, we fell in with
General Yawn, who had preceded us; and after we
had deliberated on the plan we were to follow, we took
up a position for the night near to Therniopylst; Vassos
in the centre, Gouras on the right, and myself on the
left wing.
" On the 24th, before sun-rise, the enemy marched
opt in order from ' Alumnae ;. our videttes perceived
than advancing cautiously, and examining the ground
• Wove, them. At length they approached the position
occupied by Vassal, and immediately that General,
teconJed by Limas. fell upon the Turks and drove
them back to the plain. With respect to myself, being
'unfortunately conducted by ignorant guides, I did' not
anise in sufficient time to cut off their retreat, so that
1 did not firs a single musket in the affair.
"Ois the 24th tae formed a junction at Roussali, for
theporpose 4 there awaiting the arrival of the enemy,
who were marching,upon Zeitouni. On the 29tli, at
day.brealt, we perceived t considerable convoy of pro-
visions, escorted by 800 Albanians. who Were march-
in order, with their colours flying. When they
approached the position which appeared to us most
advantageous, I spurns forward, and before ten musket
shots were. tired on the one side or the other, I fell on
the Albanians sword in band.: any soldiers followed,
and we gained a complete victory: The contest was
obstinate enough, for it lasted four hours, but the Turks
lust 250 men dead on the spot, with all the provisions
*rot baggage they were conducting. In this manner 1
was avenged on the 291 h fog the disappointment occa-
sioned by my guides on the 24th.
(Signed) " NICIIOLAS IEMESZIOTIS."

The navigation of the Thames is now stopped by the
ice; befete the Tower it completely reaches across the
lifter) and though the ice rises and falls with the tide,
t is vessels can piss. The ships bound upwards now stop
an Go avesend. •
:The cold in the night between Sunday and Alonday
was mole intense than it has hithetto been this season.
ituburtott-crescent, "and towards the upper palls of the
town, the mercury in Fahrenheit's thermometer fell to
12 deg. above zero, or 20 deg. below fteezink.point.
Entstsvaast JAIL 14.---Tbit (rust tacreasei in severity. Tot the
last; tyro days itbe thermometer has been as low as WI degrees. The
icesi Qaddhigstone was excessively crowded .en Tharsdaysand
ymittirday ; the numbers, ein the loch at onetide have. bar esti-
Mated at between two and three thoesand, aitiong wheat ware
we*/ [adios, spasswies of the lively and Interesting acme.
:OAS.", Jaw 14.—lilse frost continues very severe. The Ai-'
vet is egoOlemely, froxen over above the bridges,• and the ice Ina
and awing. neve is every appearance of a fettled storm. The
weather tu Easland and on the Continent, ie, we observe, also severe

YNiaYiiN

Oallwriemb4izatorwysdiNii4Q
