:T

~~

seductive to be heightened by dramatic—effect ; neither
are they counterbalanced by their consequent misery,
when the aim of these representations should be to out-
weigh them ; for the authenticated publication of a single
prize in the lottery has been known to seduce more ad-
venturers than* thousand losses have deterred front risk.
But they keep up the dancing spirits of the multitude,
and it will be well if their influence attends no further.
PHILO.

THE EVENING•STAR.

In the Council of SUlte, held oa the,
according to a repeasentstioa made
Ambanador, it was decided that the'Ex-
- should be convoked for the middle

and that the opening of the Sessions
the arrival of Don MtottaL. There
appears a great inquietude in the Court. All the Capi-
talists are going to leave for England and France. ,

It appears, according to the Goodie of Lyons, thit'
there is no, appearance that the squadron before Algiers
will be reinforced, also that no landing will take place,
unless the negotiations and blockade prove ineffectual.

An article from the frostier' of Catalonia, dated 26th
October, says--" The King's troops have entered Puy-
c erda, to the number of twelve hundred men. It is said
that Caragol is in France. Estanys is said to be in Spair,
but has taken refuge in the mountains. The Royal
trupps have orders to divide themselves in columns
throughout the whole of Cardagne."

The Turkey Mail due this day has arrived, bat brings
no news from Constantinople in addition to vita
has already been given through the medium of the
French Papets.

The following extracts we have copied from the
German Papers received this morning:

VIRNNA, OCT. 26.
.1 The Austrian Observer has an article from Constant.
tinople, dated 10th October, the principal contents of
which have been before published.
It states, that just as the post was setting out news
had' been received that Ibrahim Pacha, finding himself
blockaded by the European squadron, and having
ound, bn attempting to leave Navarin, that he could
Hot effect his design without coming to an action, bad
eturned to Navarin, where, on the 27th of September
a Convention was concluded between Admirals Sir E.
Codrinoton and De Rigny, and the Turkish Come
inaodets. Ibrahim Pacha, Tahir Pacha, and Mohanen,
by which tie latter engaged to undertake no further
operations by sea till the receipt of fresh instructions
hom Constantinople*.
The Greek pirates, not only in the Archipelago,
but in the more distant parts of the Mediterranean, nay
even in the Adriatic, have increased in a manner which
baffles all description. In the month of September alone,
50 ships are enumerated which have been robbed, pil-
14ged, or entirely captured by Greeks. They belonged
to all nations, and we are sorry to say that ten of them
were Austrian.—The Oriental Spectator, of 22d Sept•
gi►es, under the head of" Piracy," a long list of ships
which had alb misfortune to fall into the hands of the
pilaw, to which it adds the following observations:
" We have never had to record in our Journal so many
acts of piracy ; we should have entirely filled it with
them if we had thought fit to mention all those, the
particulars of which have come to our knowledge.—
Unhappily, the accounts which we received, are not
calculated to encourage hopes of a speedy alteration of
this lamentable state of things. Our Correspondents
is different parts of Greece write to us, that within the
leo fortnight, all the Greek vessels, except the 22
,whic,, Lord Cochrane has with him, have received let-
ters of marque from their Government, and have spread
themselves not only in the Archipelago bat in the Me-
titer,anean, with the firm resolution of capturing
whatever comes in their way. We' are also in
-
totaled. that in all the Islands in the smallest
dockyards, ships and boats are building, which can•
not tv intended for any thing but piracy. as this
is at present the only occupation of the Greeks in
the Archipelago. The Captains of merchantmen may
therefore be certain that they are threatened with she
greatest dangers, and exposed to inevitable destruction.
it they sail without convoy."—Austrials Ulmer. 00.27.

ODESSA, Ore. to. -
Our Government has caused the merchants to be in-
formed, that they may again with safety dispatch ves-
sel. PA' Constantinople. This is a proof that very sa-
tisfactory accounts must have been received from that
capital with respect to the inability of the Divan to
oppose the execution of the Treaty of London.

• VIENNA, Oct. 27.
The Z ant Din Miguel returned the day before yes-
terday n Hollitsch, and now occupies the apart-
ments prepped for him in the Imperial Palace. It is
mid that Prince:Feliz Schwartzenburg will go from
hence to Lisbon, and after a short stay there, proceed
to the Legation at London. Count Moritz Diedrich-
,stein, now with the' Legation at Paris, will, it is said,
be likewise removed to the Legation at London. We
are just informed that his Majesty, in an autograph
note, has conferred on the Infant Don Miguel the vacant
regiment of Duca.—Allgemeine Zeitung, Nov. I.
• This being written from Constaatinople on the 10th October,
spews the improbability of the statement in the Florence Gast*e of
lath October, that Ibrahim had received, on the 27th September,
dispatches from Constantioople, in which the Sultan demanded the
'immediate raising the blockade of Navarin, threatening the most
dreadful reyrisels on his Christian subjects. We take this oppor-
tunity to warn the public of another forgery which was circulated
muse weeks in the principalities, is. new copied from one Journal
into another, and has even found its way into the Miwiteur of the
16th October. This prenoded document, which bears an the face
of it every mark of spuriousness, is a Bocci Scheriff, which the sal.
tan is stated to have addressed, on the 24th August this year, to
all the Vizir., Pichas of three Tails, relative to the Treaty of Pa.
dilution of July.—. Note of Atari= SlOsercer.

The decision of Lord Srowatt., in the case of the
slave Caeca, has created a great sensation, and is of considerable
importance, u affecting the West India interest. The question
was simply this—Whether a slave, having once set foot on British
r ground. and thereby ►ecome free, could afterwards, upon returning
voluntarily with her master to the Island front whence she came,
be deemed a slave The Courts of the island had so decided, and
Wiress against their decision that the appeal was made by the Oa
vernment Officers. Lord Srowsu. took a very luminous view of
the cats bearing on the question, and decided against the Appeal,
thereby confirming the slavery. The question of freedom, so
very congenial to the soil of Britain, and so very intexoth/g
to &tons, has been mooted so soften, and has led tcs such
satiety et °Oakes, Mat at this time of day, when the 6' March
of Intsilact" progmeiee; as It is said, moss advantageously,
It Is not eatrtordinarr that the %seed* should utmost so mach of

stage, otherwise than to question their Mond tendeecy. foe tip Basal. In
The
_pathos of oar Gamester may scab the heart; but 17sh as said mat.
the French f wen command no huditppeal to our sm. by the English Aml
pashies. On the cantrart. the viceisemblaznned in gosh .
romantic and fitfal fancies, that fbeix effect is questieo- traordinary Cones
able, especially ea the majority of tbose who flock to of,next month, ant
such exhibitions. The extasies of the gamester are too should precede the
