COURT' OF ASS'ZFS FOR PARIS.

brATIT LY -BOXING.
In the night of Sunday, the 9th of October last,
several workmen, of various professions, were drinking{
at the Cabaret of one Larousse, Boulevard du Mout
Parnasse. A man nulled Thavenet, alias Poulet, ac-
companied by another man named Philip, otherwise
Fanfan lx Tnlipc, began to joke with two individuals at,
another table, and said, you have not paid your wig-.
dtesser this morning, for you are badly shaves. The
words on bntlt sides led to irritation, and one, named
Laitue, proposed fighting with swords. Thavenet said
he only knew the use of the Savoyard's sword, mean-
ing that he could box with his fists. Some time after,
Thaveuct engaged in a boxing match with one Petit
Lds, and the 'firmer fell. They raised him, in a de-
! pio:;:ble state of insensibility. The fall occasioned hi%
death ; Petit Nils was consequently tried for wilful
mut der.—The Jury, after heating the evidence, found
the defendant Guilty of involuntary Homicide; and
the Judge pronounced his acquittal.
This is the first instance we have known of death by
pngilism in France.

URBANCE AND ALARM OF FIRE IN WHITECROSS.
STREET PRISON.—On Saturday morning, about two
o'clock, some refractory characters in the ward No. 6,
of the Middlesex side, excited the greatest alarm
throughout the pi ison, by setting fire to a heap of straw
which they had taken from their beds, and into which
they had thrown some quantities of gunpowder, in the
passage leading to one of the bed wards. The flames
burst through the windows with great violence, and the
peaceable inmate; of the bed ward had no means of
escaping but by rushing through the flames. From the
slender materials' of combustibility in the prison, the
ravages could not have been rapid; several windows
were, however, injured ; and one completely blown out
by the explosion. Mr. SPENSER, the Governor, with
the different officers, immediately repaired to the spot;
and the prison engine, of great power, was brought out.
In a short time all occasion of alarm subsided. The
general terror, however, produced was inconceivable.
Accounts from Stockholm, of the 6th instant, state
that in those northern latitudes, ax elsewhere, the winter
seems to have just began, with a heavy fall of snow.
On the Ist of April there fell so much snow at Gotten-
burg, that die people drove about in sledges ; at the
same time there was a pretty sharp frost.
The six men who deprived Mr. ?vlarum of life have
been discovered, and are at present lodged in Kilkenny
gaol. One of them, of the name of C. Champion, was
tried some time ago, for the murder of a man named
Brophy. He has been repeatedly in jail for flagrant
offences. jt appears, too, that they are all old offenders.

—lrish Paper.
A cattier of the name of Edmund Maine was thrown.
over, in a cart passing through Brentford, on Tuesday
evening, and received two compound fractures in the
leg and the arm.
The small-pox having appeared in several places hi
Sweden, his MAJESTY has issued a circular to the Go-
vernors of provinces, enjoining them to enforce the laws,
on this subject, as well as relative to vaccination.
Fifty millions of oysters have been removed from the
new beds discovered off Worthing.—Mackarel sold at
Brighton last week at 7s. per hundred : in London they
fetch horn 61. to Bd. each.
The citizens of Indiana, u. s.have decided, by a large
'majority, not to call a Convention for altering their Con-
stitution, so as to admit the introduction of slavery into
that State.
Tuesday last, was rung, at the Parish Church of St.
Paul, Shad well, by eight of the Junior Cumberland So-
ciety, a peal of Graudsire Bob Major, containing 5167
changes, in three hours and three minutes, conducted
by William Williams, being the first peal in that method
on these bells.
A DESPERATE CHARACTER. —Monday night last
(12th instant), Mr. PONSORBY, Chief Constable, with a
party of his police, succeeded in apprehending that no-
torious ruffian Lynch, nicknamed Cahy, who some time,
since desperately wounded one of the police, with a
large knife, upon his apprehending him at Carribeg.,
When taken, he had in his possession the carbine of
which he then robbed the policeman, which was primed
and loaded, and in his pocket a quantity of cartridges
made up ready for use. Behind where he was sitting,
was also a case of pistols, primed and loaded. In the
house, a fellow named Paddy Lynch, of whom the
police had got a description, as being a companion cff
Ca'ay, was also apprehended ; in his pocket was a quan-
tity of gunpowder and some very good flints. Upon
searching them more closely, the police discovered two
handkerchiefs and some money, which led to a suspi-
cion that a robbery had been recently committed by
them. Upon inquiry on Tuesday morning, it was as-
certained that a young woman ias the service of the
Marquis of WATERFORD had been robbod on Monday
afternoon, on her way to Curraghmore. Upon being
sent for, she immediately identified both the prisoners,
front among several people, as the two who robbed her,
holding the carbine, and the other, Paddy Lynch,
tile two piaols over her. They wereconveyed to our
•county jail, under a strong escort of Mr. Possosay's
police.-111:.ferford Chronicle.
Thursday a complaint was preferred before the Ma-
gistrates of Edinburgh, by a servant girl against her
mistress—a lady who keeps a lodging-house; and the
subject of complaint was an assault of a most singular
alescription. The defender had invited a number of
female acquaintances to drink tea with her; and the
complainer was busily employed in toasting the bread,
when her mistress entered the kitchen, and made the
appalling discovery, that she had toasted one half slice
too much ! This was more than flesh and blood could
bear; and it is not to be wondered at, that the defender
should have lost her temper upon this trying occasion.
She abused her handmaid for " a wastefu' j ade," and
snatching the bread-teaster from her band,she threatened
to thrust it, bread and all, down her throat. This the
complainer dared her to do; upon which the defender
actually attempted to execute her threat ; but rage,
rather than skill, directing the blow, the prongs of the
toaster struck the poor girl immediately under the eye,
and inflicted a very serious wound, which required to
he dressed by a surgeon. It did not exactly appear what
effect this tragical occurrence had upon the sensibility of
the ladies assembled; but it is to be presumed, if they
did partake of the hospitality of the defendes,"they took
special care not tuexceed the bounds of moderation,
:and felt as Damocles did when seated at his sumptuous
banquet. The Magistrate expressed his abhorrence of
;the defender's savage conduct, and ordained her to pay
,1.
luree guineas ofdamagestothe complain er—a sentence
isiiirich produced bursts of applause from a grbup of
female servants who had Assembled at the dour to testify
against bteadstoastera being used as an. instrument of
correction.

POLICE INTELLIGEACE.

--••••re■••--

130 W-STREET.

William Gibbs the young matt charged with stealing grapes from
Mr. Canning's hothouses at Gloucester Lodge, was fully commit-
ted tokiewgate fur trial.
Love tat env KITCIIEN.—Among the watch-house prisoner; brought
before Mr. nava, yesterday morning, was a hoe, fat, bouncing
dame, named Elizabrth Bine, and a sedate, full-sized, mi.fille-aged
man, named Henry Fickler, who had been sent to durance, in the
middle of the preceding night, by a Mr. Frulayson, for making love
in his kitchen, contrary to special agreement.
Elizabeth Bone is, as we have already hinted, fat, Cara!, and
forty; and she was COokMaid to the Finlayson abovernentionad,
and a capital cook she was, too—clean, adroit, sober, honest, and
industrious, as Mr. Finlayson readily admitted. But unfartenately
she fell in love; and by falling in love she fell nut with her metaer ;
and by falling nut with her master she fell into troubles and dispute..;
and all these ins and outs ended in her getting out of place and Map
the watch-house. ft appeared, by Mr. Finlayron's account, that he
engaged Betty Bone as his csokmaid some live or six weeks ago,
with an excellent character, and they covenanted with each ether
that she should have nopfeamea—especially VIOL noel. Rimy Bone
cheerfully assented to this covenant; and Mr. Firlav,osi hattered
himself that, at her time of life, there was hale daneer of liar
breaking it; but thq were both out in their reel:outer,. Ilefare ore
short fortnight had elapsed, Mr. Finlayson foam' Batty Bone seat( d
before a coinforteble lire in the kitchen, ued the aboveirentioeed
henry Bac:der on his knees before Betty Bune—makirg love to
her! Mr. Fiulayson upbraided Betty Bone aids her breach of
contract; arid Betty told him" it was of ro use talking—if she didn't
suit the place, why the place didn't suit her; and the soneer he got
himaell another cook the better." The fact was, as we have been
credibly informed, Mr. Fackler had promised to make Betty Bane
" bone of his bone ;" sled, there fore, her breach of the " no follower"
contract was not to be very much wondered at. :Vt. Finlayson
himself saw the matter in a matrimonial light, and contented him-
self with taking Betty Bone's notice to quit, and ber promise that
the courtship should be total!; suspended until that notice expired
—for, as he said, he was resolved to have no followers. Now it
sn happened, that before Betty Bone's notice expired, the horse-
maid went away, and Betty Bone was requested to retrain until
another could be got. This she readily undertook to de, and every
using went tat very quietly until 'autaday night last. On that eight
Finlayson had tompany at his house, alai at a vet y hate hour he
harped that Betty lame had got her sweetheart in the kitchen
again. He was ertspereted at hearing this; Betty Was hold in her
defence; her sweetheart, Mr. Backler, vowed that wherever Betty
Bone was, there nuuld he be also; high words ensued, and at last,
Mr. Finlayson, in his anger, sent them both to the watch-house!
This was the very head and front of Betty Bone's offence; and
Mr. Finlayson assured the Magistrate he had no wish to press the
matter, nor would he have sent them to the watch-house if they
had not defied bins.
Betty Bone, in her defence, pleaded that her promise not to ad-
mit Mr.- tackler expired with her notice to quit ; and that as she,
remained after the expiration of that notice to suit her mastet's can-
venience, she thought she was fully justified in suiting her own, by
again admitting her suitor.
• Ills Worship observed, that she had done very wrong; fur no
mats ought to have his house intruded upon by strangers against his
will. He then discharged them bath, with an admonition fur their
government ; but Mr. Finlayson told Betty she should never offend
again in his house, and there tera he paid her the wares due to her,
and lett her and bee lover to wander where they would.
