PARIS, FEBRUARY 20.

Baron d'Ecolles has. set off for Catalonia. General
Quesada set off yesterday.

FEB. 21.—A letter frOm Oleron, of the 12th Fe-
bruary, states, that on the 9th, a body of Spaniards,
who had taken and burnt Irati, bad entered the
French territory, but bad returned before the troops
came up, war not having been yet declared.
The Courier Francais gives an account of this
event; but says, that the Constitutional troops did
not intend to violate the French territory, but passed,
without knowing, along a road comprised within the
French limits.

An extraordinaiy courier, who left Madrid the
night between the 13th and 14th February, arrived
to-flay (20th) at the English Ambassador's, at Paris.
It appears, from the letters and journals which• be
brings, that the Government, independent of the last
levy which it asked of the Cortes, intends another
levy of thirty thousand men. Whatever confidence
the Government may place in the bravery of the
Spanish troops, it depends still more on the unini..l
n►ous and spontaneous enthusiasm of the nation to
repel the attacks which are prepared against it. And, I
in fact, the attitude of the population in the • several
provinces annonnces a firm determination to defend
L the national independence. The recruits joyfully.

join their colours, and the Wallowa' Mast is orp-
,nising with unparalleled attiiiift. N
Madrid enjoys Bessisirei has!
abandoned the town of Httetewisifter having spiked
his artillery. He has taken the road to Paralaya,
in the mountains of Riego. The head.-quarters of
Count Abisbal ale at Huete. Ckir cavalry pursues
the fugitives.
A private letter, dated Paris, Thursday night, po-
sitively asserts that the French army will enter Spain
on or before the of March-I;94XX) men by way
of Bayonne, 25,CYJO by Figueras, and two divisions of,
light troops, will march on Seo Urgel.

Madrid Papers also have come to hand up to the
14th, by which we are sorry to see that the finances
of the Government are even in a worse condition
'lran was anticipated. Arrears of taxes, from the im-
possibility of getting money, and from the necessity
of supplying the troop, have been ordered to be
levied
.in kind. The produce of the territorial taxes,
which had been estimated at 50,0(0,000 lea's,
amounted in reality to 8,000,000 reals. The tax on
patents, which should have realised 25,000,000 reals,
had given only 143,000: The House Tax, instead of
being 6,000,000 teals, as reckoned on, had, in fact,
produced' 550,598 reals; and the other taxes had
fallen below expectation in equal proportion.—
This defalcation is principally owing to the disturbed
state of the country, which, never in a high state of
cultivation and never wealthy, has been soon ex-
hausted by the contributions levied by both the fac-
tious and the Constitutionalists. The suspension of
' many branches of industry, from a state of civil war,
has cut short the resources, and a great part of the
national exertion, also has been lately employed, not
in creating, but in destroying
.wealth. France, on
the other hand, though long weighed down by the
contributions of the Allies, has been able, during a
peace of seven years, to increase her commerce, im-
prove her Manufactories, and add to her resources.
Though divided in sentiment, though a large party
is strongly opposed to the war, no factious bands
traverse the land from end to end, pillaging, devas-
tating, and destroying. She begins the contest,
therefore, with many physical advantages; but the
moral advantages—the right, the justice, the general
sentiments of Europe, are all in favour of Spain.—
Whatever fears, therefore, may arise in the friends
of liberty from the present physical preponderance of
the aggressor, may be balanced by the hopes derived
from the moral advantages of the oppressed Spaniards..
England cannot look passively on such a contest.—
Already the Order •in Council, prohibiting for six
months the transportation of arms and ammunition
into Spain, has been revoked. The Foreign Enlist:
meat Hill is likely to be repealed ; and whether our
Government takes part in the quarrel or not, the People ,
of England ale coo jealous of French usurpation, and
too much attached to liberty, not to assist the Spa-
niards with heart and hand. Many Germans also,
who, more than any other Europeans, have assisted
the patriotic Greeks—the Italians,
.who.are banished
from home by the bayonets of the Austrians—the
ardent and the noble-minded youth of all Europe,
yes, even many Frenchmen will repair to Spain ;
which probably will become the field of battle, where
will be finally decided the quarrel between civilize-
tr,n and darkness, between liberty and despotism. '
The Autocrats, Kaisers, and other members of the
Holy Alliance, have only been able to carry on their
projects by drawing funds from England; and to sup-
port the present much more noble cause, we are per-
suaded England will still find means. We are thorough-
ly convinced, that on whichever side the moral prepon-
derance is, there ultimately physical strength st ill
also preponderate; and though it is quite impossible
to foresee by what events it will be brought about,
we have no doabc that:the war, which appears now
inevitable, will end in confusion and ruin to the
BOURBONS and to slavery, and in triumph to Spain
and freedom:

We have, received Lisbon .Papers to. the 14th of
this month, bringing accounts of the proceedings in
the Cortes to the 12th. A proposal had been made
in the Cortes, in consequence of the French King's
Speech; to consider the first French soldier who came
on the south side of the Pyrenees as the enemy of
the institutions and independence of Portugal.; and
various resolutions were moved, having for tbeir.ob-
ject to organize a large force, to unite Portugal.
closely with Spain, to raise money by patriotie.con-,'
tributions from the privileged classes, and to the
expedition destined for Bahia. Great eittlyti.siasm:
seems to prevail in the Cortes. -
_lit was reported at Lisbon, that Sir W. A'Couftt
has declared, if the Cones persist in • removing the
King of SPAIN to Cadiz, he shall be under the
necessity of demanding his passports.

New York Papers arrived this morning to the
2d of February.
NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 1.

Letters from Curacoa confirm the capture of an
American ship off Laguira ; she was from London,
with a crew of 16 men ; her cargo consisted of .5,000
muskets,l,4oo carbines, 400 pair of double-barrelled
pistols, 50 pieces of brass ordnance, and 400 barrels
of gunpowder. .
The British sloop of war Sybilk, from Jamaica,
arrived at Curacoa nd the 23d December. This

vessel h to pmceed to Nraracaibo
property which fell into the hand.,
The French brig Constance arri'
December from Havanaah, with
the forces of Morales.
The occupation of Coro by Gener
confirmed ; he writes that he war.
Maracaibo, having left a sufficient
taro tranquillity in the province.
A letter from St. Thomas's, d.
says, " St. Croix is in great distress
The Governor has opened the portr
the importation of corn."

A large number of the inhabit
polis are at present engaged in an
Tax taken off Orals carried coasts
contrary not only to the general pi
economy, but to those particular pri
usually guided the British Govern'
taxes. As far as this tax operates
convey coals by land, or by can
tends to the discouragement of sli7
It is also a tax on a mate, 'al wi
many mannfacturoo, and is a
" The price of fuel; ADAM Smrri
" has so imp.ortant an infinence on
that, all over Great Britain, mane!
fihed themselves principally to :II
Laying a tax on sea-borne coal,
making all the inhabitants of the
pay a considerable sat* for the
peting with their brethren of the nor,
•nufactories. The tax adds tothosr
which Nature has subjected:these,
it should be the object of Gover
The tax, also, by being levied onl;
people, who areft ot on that acdount
other burdens, is extremely unjust
wish success to the attempt to prod

NAVAL INTELLIa

The Rebecca, Tnomstor, from Liverpool
horn, was totally lost on Wednesday on the
FA LMOCTII, Feu. VO.—Wind W.—Arri'
STA NWORTH, from Newfoundland, out 20
GA RONER, from London to Calcutta, leak'
very heavy Weatifit tai Vvegsiivard.
Fes. 21.—Wind S.W.—,okrrtved the
from Bristol for Jamaica; • klincrva,
John's, N.B.—sailed 23d January.
Frs. 22.—Wind &W.,—Arrived the
(2), from Lisbon; William Pitt, Stomm,
Buenos Ayres; Nokfctlk, Gam-, from di
Posossorsta, from dials for Jamaica. Pt
ham paeiret, for the treazils. The ship Pil
Port the )9th iust. bound to Calcutta,
' her cargo-this morning, to repair damages.
::•Porersstotern, Fen. 211..—The orders '
and R cm:oleo to the seitadtion in the
this week annulled', and "those ships are
SPitfiria'ro-r further ins;roatintis,,, The Fr
ral ships, and are preparing others to cruiS,
and in the Mediterranean, it is considered
dron of Observation will he formed for a
Itiromova, 18, Capt. Rico, sailed yestersh
dirpatches for Sir CH A PIES Bowcry, bat •
vented her getting far. No order What
near approach of war, have been receivi
arrived the linicai; 18, ('sprain GREED.
Good Hope station, which she left on tl
touched at St. Helena on the 28th. and I
January, where the garri;on was in goon
TOR, 28, Capt. etunatowa, C.B. bout
dispatches, letters, and passengers, arrive'
4th of December, sktwell, fart from Madeira
She w:-.6 to proceed from the Cape the first
?MOLE, 18, Capt. H. COLLIER, arrived at
of December, and the DELIGHT, 16, Capt.
from England (the former 38 days from
the HERON and Crosme.--Commodors Not
ANDROMACHE, to visit, his station, the Al•
Tranquebar, and Seehel Islands.—The
Moamar, C.B. was daily expected at Bombs
England; the Amman*, 28, Captain Al 4
passage to relieve her.—The Demmer,
had a long passage from Rio) was to sail
lieve the Cu:arr.—The Laves and BABA,
their survey of the Eastern Coast and
Africa.—Capt. HAMILTON, late acting in
WARREN, of the 35th Regiment, came passerr
She is come Into harbour to be paid off.
the East Indies, and the Fotawont, from
daily expected home. Thursday night
from the Windsor Castle, with dispab
East Indies and the Cape stations were
the time of her sailing.—Sailed the John,
FEIIRUA RT 23.—Wind &W.—Arrived
PANDORA, from the Downs, and Cossusorg,
Nast-runt, Frs. 20.—Wind S. W.—Arrives
HEAD, from St. Michael's to London, ot
sailed again. Yesterday the Jtnoxim, V,
went into the Sound, and is ready to proceed
AMHERST and suite will embark ar.a sail net'
be fair.—The FLy, 18, Capt. Cosmos, went
terday, and will sail for South America the '
TARTAR frigate, Capt. T. BROWN, sailed
South America on Friday.—The Hon.
appointed to command the Panyttorg, 1•
commissioned this day by Lieut. WA
SYnawcways is appointed to the Cuo, at
TON to be Purser of the Cu.to.—Tbe Bar
Al. bloxwe.r.t., is fitting at Portsmouth fr
Fes RUA RT ' 21.—. Wind S. eve,
Mary, Coaarrr, from Norway for Trieste
are, from Terceira, in twelve days; Seger,
very, from London.
FARRUA RT 22.—Wind W.—Arrived the'
London, with damage.
Dear., Fan. 23.7-Wind W.S.W.--Came
last night the Hopewell, &Inn, for Jamaica.
under Dungeness, the Thetis,' To/tattoos,
remain in the Downs with the Bridgewater,
sor. Fast Indiamen, Acia, Bairns, and Pyramus
the rest of the outward-bound, apparently
sir Castle homeward-bound Indiamsn still .
supplied with another anchor and cable
morning sailed for the River the Weningtr
South Seas. Put back the Moss, 'fur
and Ruby,'Cow.tao, for St. Micharl's.
'afternoon the Glory, Parionno.,' for Slice
Parrenami, for. Jamaica.' The Windsor
Wit an anchor and cable.
Cosvom-Hovsz, Frs. 22.—Ships Entered
Prince of Saxe Coburg, frond Rotterdam :
Ostend; Hero, from Calais; Better I uci
Creek; Liberty, from St. Michael's; and 1.
Newry. Clearing Outwards :—The General
neming, and Union, for Antwerp ; Vitt
Kerne Castle, for India; Moos°, fur IL.
men; Percy, for Jamaica • Earl clancarty,
Catharine, for Belfast.' Cleared Outwards
for Calais; Dart, for Malta; Hopewell, fo
don Packet, for Boston. .
Dtstaisnxion or Patton-Monsv.—Tbe
ceithe 4th of Nlarth, at No. 10,
and recalled Tuesdays and Thursdays. • •

- .
to claim the triti4i
. .
Js of Morales.
4 ir he &grit:l2oon Of t
. ,
strived on the 19th ) Or ningaix months, w'
b 240 men) to
First Regiment-1
jok
Westminster; 3d ditt •
&rood - t—
iLlimen
.. . knightshridge Harrac
General Morales. isThird Regiment-1
aS on his return tu • ed ditto, Plymouth.
The 34:11 and 53d
lent force to ;resit. The
to ;;amain
kbout to return to Eng
The detachments tarelated December .14)„
the a7th, 59th, 44th,
;tress for provisina% and the 26th Lancers
barked at Gravesend, .
its of the island fear barked
and Winds. r, t
• their respective Regini
A detachment, consi
20 men, and belonzing t
tants of this Mire- is ordaredirom alaidat
The last division of
i attempt to get the
fittlitsa; was forced by
wise.- Such a tax is at ses,an•pist into itlil
oi inci p les of political now proceeding by easy
pectetr to arrive no the
rinciples which hare the remainder of the a.
Bombay, are at res••in
rnment in laying on.
The detachment of th
is, it is a bounty to at Plymouth on board t
finals,' and therefore been ordered to Porton.
on its arrival from India
sipping and seamen. A detachment of the
!lids is essential to lost. fluor 1% itidsor to 1
necessary of life.—
ing to the same Corps, s
BIILIT:
rrir has remarked,
i the price of lahotw, Assistant-Surgeon Davi
ail Foot, to be Asti.
ifactueers have coo- Ileaume, whose appoi
tie coal counties.' To be Hospital•Assistaut
—.
Dixon, from half-pay,
1,- therefore, is like changes; Acting Host
vice Allan, deceased.
le south of England
The exchange betwee
privilege of corp. pleton, of the .53d Foot,
north in various ma.
the Itch Foot, which too
be without the difference
se inconveniences to Brevet Major Poppleton.
Lieutenant George Ga.
!Jistrieti,and which
has been permitted to res
eminent to remove. ' The promotion of En
ly on one part of the nancy, by purchase, in ti
of the 11th ult. has nut to
[nt relieved from any. Deputy Assistant CO
st ; and we therefory •:r having failed to pay over t
• maned due from him up
7ocure its abolition. i charge of the Commissa
Irons the service.
GENCE. - Cunintissions signed iby tl
Theophilus Fairfax John
pool to Genoa and Leg., • and Richard Heald, Es
the Steep Holm. • ----•- Commissions in the Shro
'arrived the &natation, the Lord Lieute
20 days; also the Pilch, Major St. George to be
ialty, having experienced rooted ; Sir Richard F
Major ; find George Co
ke Portland, Winemosta„ Commission in the rid Reg
• Fnawer.i•to, front S. by the Lord Lieut
Charles Swabey, Gent. to
• Duke of Kent Packet, A few days since a pr
House, from Loodon for llarines. as the sentence o
ditto for Madras ; Joke, This man was convicted o
I'ut back, the Waking- with which others had bee
Pilot, which pot into this
commenced discharging DREADF
;el.
for the SERINCATATAY
Weal- Indies, have been NEWCASTLE-UPI
e directed to remain at The following cala
FrenCh hiving sent seer- our Theatre on Wedni
iise on the coast 4 of Spain ~ the commencement o
-ed probable that a &pm- t
r Jerry, one of the gas-I
r a similar object. The .
frol a y for Jamaica, with Stage, on the right aid
t strong S. W. winds pre- .. chance had set fire to
steVer, Indicative of Ilse
[ved here. Wednesday, '
otifte,,p pip.il7;
ITlrercvoanredq t
lia.r, from the Cape -taf
the lath of December; lery, which was very
Ascension on the 3d of ing it was soon appare
)4 health. The ALLICA-. and the pit (both whicl
sound to Bombay, with that there was little or
Veil at the Cape on the
fadeira since October 111. the people in the pile
Brat fair wind.—The Es- Considerable efforts w.
at the Cape on the 10th to persuade them, th.
pt. R. HAY, On the 11th, tWitit a very short, time,
om Teiicriffe), to relieve
stored to order. All i
NOUltalt had wailed, in the *
Mauritius, Madagascar,. to the judicious advice
fie 111snAL 26, captsia • ;tremendous' rush, the •
Bombay, on her way to i: -itressing was the resul.
‘loostsum, being on her
.rally trodden to death '
,on being refitted, (she • •
• for the blauritioa, ta re- • ; 'name of Johnson, ahi
ACOnTA were prosecutiag • va a respectable builde
Harbours of Southern 'some very terrible br
a the Ilea"' and car- • . . employ of Johnson at
)assengers in the Haulm.
The D/1/1171ESS. &Oak • liandyside, aged 20,
sm the West Indies, are binder ; John Jonathat
it Captain Lea landed Mr. W. Wilkinson, Pil
tches and letters. The • aged 16, daughter of
• remarkably beakby at
head; Isabella Parkins
1, Rosters, for I.ondots. • -• I.
•ed his Majesty's ships of Mrs. Green, Pilgi ins
sow, from a cruizat.
ArCved, Three Friend;Thursday a Coroner
out nine days, and bar . :'ies, by Mr. BELT an.
V, Captain Warrenat, 4 this town: Mr. DE CA,
slowed to India.—Lord • •I and irons his evidence
wentnel
neat
Sunday
usndeafyiaifrbouthervriyet,n .. d
~ was of t
J butrifli
thatngex,teinnt
the first fair wind.—The . panic-struck, the decea
led from Falmouth fee
. GitOROS BAILItTACIFOS is !by the pressure, so as t.
16, at this port; she wzs
A 111111141 TON. Captain C. Saturday, about a t,
a Chatham.—Mr. WA'. $ MAJISTIt left London
17011 frigate, Captain Sir
A. Mr. Secretary CAN
for the East Indies.
ved the Elizabeth -and ment on Saturday, at hi
este; Collingwood, Soa- 'to the Spanish Ministe
`thethe dDistuikheguaishndetiDguucehset
agar, Herald, and itectS% I
i OK I',
tiLsol Vtill, nLororoprt.hceoDiguyic.
Saturday morning,
irian Mininer, had a lo
rwillniatz,eaeSirdYcf,:a.lPwibliTthiPUrarulc":uttalab:Andtakhci'svi.Rffir7aorn:netr:. 1
:yiyrainalluwsleifirti.ita,Trabrde:Waii_af..:
,; .1:1' ,
13et
esiL o ct,rdviaittey dni l:s afternoon,zusccar ra conferences
al
for
otwder
hp:
Bi
.i
iti remains; and has bees
'We to-dal.—Yesterday Yesterday
rlggt.erayme, t"
minus. Prussia declar-
fodrolwliniwityestiePrbdiaail ''..' 1.., frnecdie with the intern-
[(era Leone ; and June, . • the Confidesation.—Co
r Castle, from Madras, -
X f4lo3'a TB EAT R E.--
:ntered jowu.4,:._The,rt, Dwain del Gaga was pla
,n, ; Flying Fish, truss and Was received with
uck Still, Irons Statigata }rOf •tlie,most. numerous
Led New Blessing, from season. •
'eneral Murray, Godet•f•''
Vittoria, for, Taisidod; DaURY-L#alt TBIA •
Issre; Staines, Ns' &Ps, st
Macgregor was perform
ty, for Rotterdim ; and 1, effect. Mr. MELROSE tn•
rds finally t—The Julies . -a Loudon audiencesin th
),Mforjaawnialjan:ll,:rarii."l7fo`474l/4.;.:6.: rwla*es7sucalitilligetbdth' faeults;Wenigtlik" .11133Aeu41.
..,
• •

rHE Army.

. ~~. ~ .

, the dhtribution of the tliteti Reghrients or Posit Onardito- the
'lotting six months, will be as follows, cornmeneio to-morrow : -
•
I First Regiment—lst Battalion, Ireland; 2d ditto, ituariers,
Westminster; 3d dittou King's Mews. • •
Second Itegiment—lst Battalion, 'luwet of London ; 2d ditto,
knightithridgt; Barracks.
Third Regiment-Ist Battalion, Portman-street Barracks ;
lid ditto, Plymouth. .
The 34th and 53d Regiments (those of the man who had not
volunteered to femain inillnelia, attached to other Corps), are
about to return to England. •
The detachments belonging to the undermentioned Corps, viz.
the 87th, 59th, 44th, 58tk :totl 14th Regiments of Infantry,
and the 16th Lancers and 11th Licht Dragoons, which em-
barked at Gravesend, on board the Fast India Company's ships
ilythe and Winds. r, for Ikrigal, sailed on Thursday, to juin
their revective Regiments in that Presidency.
A detachment, consisting of one Captain, two subalterns, and
20 men, anal belonging to the 13th Regiment of Light Dragoons.
is ordered front Maidstone to Graiesend, to embark for Madras.
The last division of the 65th Regiment, which, on board the
Medina.; was forced by strew of weather and damage stistained
at sea,.to put into Milford Haven, disembarked there, and is
now pun:ceding by easy marches to Chatham, where it is ex-
pected to arrive on the 6th of March. The head-quarters and
the remainder of the above Corps, which lately arrived from
Bombay, are at present stationed at Chatham.
The detachment of the I4th Regiment of Foot, which arrived
at Plymouth on board the Susan free trader, from Calcutta, has
been ordered to Portsmouth, where the remainder of that Corps,
on its arrival from India, is directed to be stationed.
A detachment of the Royal Fusileers marched on the 13th
lust. fauna Witulsor to Beading, to relieve a detachment belong-
big to the same Corps, which is ordered to Windsor.
MILITARY PROMOTIONS.
ViAlt-OFFICE, FEB. 14, 1823.
..45i.:ant-Surgeon DavidJugurtha Law, from half-pay of the
8::1 F,iot, to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Forces, vice Du
11:zurne, whose appointment has not taken place.
Tot)? Hospital-Assiataut to the Forces—Hospital-Assistant John
Dixon, from half. pay, vice Henry William Voysey, who ex-
changes; Acting Hospital-Asaistaut James Petuble Mackey,
vice Allan, deceased. 1
' The exchange between Brevet Major Thomas William Pop-1
p!:ttai, of the .131 Foot, and Captain Whannell, on half-pay of
the l'a.'th Foot, which took place on the Bth of July, 1819, should
be without the difference, no money having been received by
Brevet Major Poepleton.
Lieutenant George Gabb, on half-pay of the 3d Foot Guards,
ha: been permitted to resign his Commission.
The promotion of Ensign Thomas Bainbrigge to a Lieute-
nancy, by purchase, in the 57th Foot, as stated in the Gazette
of the 11th ult. has nut taken place.
Deputy Assistant Commissary-General Benjamin Smith,
r having failed to pay over the balance of public money, which re-
' maiited due from him upon the close of his accounts as lately in 1
Icharge of the Commissariat at Heligoland, has been removed
Irons the service.
Commissions signed !by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of 1
Lincoln.

Theophilus Fairfax Johnson, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant;
and Richard lleald, Esq. to be ditto.
Cornrassions in the Shropshire Regiment of Militia, signed by
the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Salop.
Major St. George to be Lieutenent•Colontl, vice Gatacre prb.
muted ; Sir Richard Ferdinand Acton, Dam to be Second
M..jor ; and George Compson, Erq. to be Captain.
Cominissimi in the 4d Regiment of Royal Surrey Militia, signed
by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Surrey.
Clarks Swabey, Gent. to he Ensign.
A few days since a private of the Plymouth division of
Marines, as the sentence of a Court Martial, received '2OO lashes.
This man was convicted of stealing his comrade's necessaries,
kith which others bad been frequently accised.

DREADFUL ACCIDENT.

NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE; FEBRUARY 22.

The ft4lowinz calamitous accident took phice at
•___

our 'Theatre on Wednesday evening :—Shortly :tfter
the commencement of the second act of Tom and
Jerry, one of the gas-lights in the third box from the
Stage, on the right side of the House, by some mis-

chance had set 'fire to the wood work that enclosed
the pipe. The consequence was, an immediate alarm
of .. tire r pervaded the House, particularly the gal-
lery, which was very much crowded. Notwithstand-
ing it was soon apparent to the company in the boxes
and the pit (both which places were but thinly filled),
that there was little or no danger to be apprehended,,
the people in the gallery were not to be tranquillized.
Considerable efforts were made from the Stage, too,
to persuade them, that if they would but patiently
watt a very short.time, they would we everything re-
stored to order. All in vain: a deaf ear was turned
to the judicious advice given to them—and with a
tremendous' rush, they struggled for egress. Dis-
tressing was the result—seven individuals were lite-
rally trodden to death a young woman of the
. name of Johnson, a Mrs. Riddell Robson (the wife
of a respectable builder, who himself escaped with
some very tci lisle bruises ; John Edwards, in the
enip:oy of Johnson and Co. Dean-street; Thomas
Handyside, aged '2O, con •f Mr. Handyside, book-
binder ; John Jonathan Wilkinson, aged 12, son of
Mr. W. Wilkinson, Pilgrim-street; Dorothy Heaton,
aged 16, daughter of G. Heaton, tailor, of Gates-
Lead ; Isabella Parkinson, aged 12, adopted daughter
of Mrs. Green, Pilgi int-street.
Thursday a C6ronees Inquest was held on the bo-

des, by Mr. BELT and Mr. FIFE, the Coroners for
ttis town: Mr. DE CANIP, the Manager, was present,
d horn his evidence it appears that the fire, which
AV:IS of trifling extent, was almost instantly extin-
taisbed ; but that, in their efforts to escape, being
i'anic•struck, the deceased were bruised or suffocated
by the presstue, so as to occasion their deaths.

Saturday, about a quarter before one o'clock, his
MAJESTY left London for Brighton.
Mr. Secretary CANNING gave a grand entertain-
ment on Saturday, at his residence, Gloucester Lodge,
to the Spanish Minister, M. JAB .A r, accompanied by
the Duke and Duchess of SAN LORENZO. Among
the distinguished guests were, the Earl and Countess
ni LIVERPOOL, the Duke of WELLINcrom, Mr. tics-
aissos, Lord F. CONYNGHANI, and Mr. Pt ANTA.

Saturday morning, Count Mons Ten, the Hanore-
Ilan Minister, had a long audience of the Kttag.
Lord BzxtEv (late Mr. VA NSITTART) left town yes-
terday afternoon, for Brighton.
The conferences which have taken place at Vienna,
ixtwcen Austria 'and Prussia, were not very harmo-
nious. Prussia declared that it was not disposed to
meddle with the internal affairs of the other States Of
thr Confederation. Couslitutionnel. _ _

I(mc's Tit SATRE.— ROSSIN t's grand Opera of the
1:01011141 Lag was played a second time on Saturday,
and was received with the greatest applause, by one
of die most numerous and splendid audiences Of the
season.

Daunt-Laua THEATRZ.—The Opera of Rob Roy
Aincgreoor wus performed on Saturday, with great
"effect..Slr. M autos& made his first appearance before
a London audiencein the part of Francis Osbaldiston.
kle sung the song " My Love she's like the red red
rose" witb. a great deal of feeling, and a repetilgien
was ralteJ Mr with couch acciamatiou
