WEST INiolBS:.

. , .. .
QUES Il 0 N OF toE SLAVE.TRADE, AS AGITATED
IN JAMAICA.
The pr.oceedings of the Assembly of Janisica have
been so warm, and the result so interesting, that we
think it will be acceptable to our Readers, vart
• .
larlv to all those who feel, in common
with us, a
lively zeal in maintaining the cause of human free-
dom against slavery, to have a short detail of the
•

same.
The Assembly met oil the 22d of September.
The Speech of his Honour the Lieutenant Gover-
nor was in the usual stile, and contained nothing par.
ticalarly important. He earnestly exhorted them to
make exertions to depend as little as possible for pro-
visions on foreign supply ; and he concluded with
stating the arduous struggle in which the Empire
was engaged, and declared that he expected from
them all teat could be effected by public spirit, united
exertions, and the sacrifice of individual interests to
the general weal.
This Speech was referred to a Committee, and the
report thereof was committed to a Committee of the
whole House.
In the meantime they appointed a Committee of
the whole House to inquire into, and take into con-
sideration, the State of the Island.
This Committee was immediately formed, Mr.
Murphy in the Chair, and the House being resumed,
he made a report,
That n be recommended to the House to appoint a Select
Committee to inquire into the effects of an Act of the Imperial
Parliament of the United Kingdom, entitled, An Act for the
Abolition of the Slave Trade; as the proprietors, inhabitants, and
others essentially interested in the welfare and prosperity of this
Island; to state what resources remain for application, and what
taxes can be substituted in lieu of those of which the operation of
this Act of Parliament have deprived us ; and to endeavour to
point what measures the House can resort to in relief, or in al-
leviation of the grievances and losses thereby inflicted."
Mr. Murphy, Mr. "Whiteborne, Mr. Stewart,- of
Trelawney, Mr. C. Grant, Mr. Stevenson, Mr.
Taylor, Mr. Shand, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Perry, were
appointed a Committee for that purpose, and they
had power to send for persons, papers, and records.
The House then proceeded in its ordinary business;
appointed all its Committees, brought in several Bills,
and among others, appointed a Coniniitte to prepare
and bring in a Bill to prevent Preaching and Teach.
ing by persons not duly qualified, and to restrain
Meetings of a dangerous nature, on pretence of attend-
ing such preaching and teaching.
On the 24th, a Motion was made, that the Printer
of the House do forthwith print .50 copies of the Act
of the Imperial Parliament for the Abolition of the
Slave Trade, passed the 25th of March- last, for the
use of the Members of the Legislature.
A debate hereon ensuing, and the question being •
•ut, the House divided.—Aves, 12—Noes, 10.
So it was resolved in the affirmative.

After this, (viz. on the '2sth of September), the
House presented an Address to the Lieutenant-Go-
vernor, in answer to his Speech, which was an echo
ereto, but with a short amendment, respecting the
Ew and peculiar distresses of the Colonies.
The same day the Governor, in a message, trans-
itted copies of papers and documents relating to
disturbances in the parish of St. 'George. On the
30th an address was voted to him, thanking him in
he most loyal terms for his constant solicitude for
he safety of the Island ; and they ordered a bill to
annmize two negroes, at his request, who had dis-
overeil the conspiracy.
On the 15th of October Mr. Murphy, from the
ommittee, made the first report on the alarming
onsequcnces apprehended from he Abolition Act.
rThis we have already presented to our Readers.]
It was reported to a Committee of the whole
ouse.

A Bill for the protection, subsisting, clothing, and
)r the better order and government of Slaves, was
itroduced into the House, and read.

21st October the Bill to repeal several acts respect.
ig Slavir., to declare Slaves' assets for payment of i
ebts and legacies, and in what manner they shall
end and be held as property ; and be sold and 1
nveyed in certain cases, was read a second time
d committed.
On the 23d October it was ordered that the Re.
rt of the Committee on the Abolition Bill should
taken into consideration on Wednesday the 28th.
A most violent debate took place, and lasted for
.o days, the 28th and 29th of October, in the course
nveyed
which such high words occurred between Mr.
hand and Mr. Stewart, that a duel ensued. Mr.
hand was a warm advocate for maintaining the
bolition, as ordered by the United Parliament ; Mr.
ewart. was equally w arm against the measure.
ey met, and were both wounded : Mr. Shand
ghtly in the shoulder; and Mr. Stewart received a
ngerous wound in the thigh, but he was pronounced
be out of danger.
The St. Jag 9 de la Vera Gazette announces the re-
a which we gave on Wednesday last, in the fol.
Ling words :
" We hope these resolutions, and the dire necessity
iich has occasioned them, may sink deep into the
Gds of his Majesty's Ministers, and induce them to
>I such measures as may relieve this loyal colony
i the oppressions it has sunk under. The resolu.
concerning the pay of the troops is the inevitable
equence of the want of troops to continue it ; as
a fact, that, unless some remedy k applied to our
rings, it would he impossible for the Assembly,
they willing, under existing circumstances, to
the usual supplies. Of the inclination of the
le of this island to support the interests of the
nt state, and to evince their loyal attachment to
nvereign, long experience has left no doubt ; and
a s'efy melancholy consideration, in the present
nine situation Of the world, that they should, by
'cessary. ;11-timed, and impolitic measures, be re-
d to so kLeadful a dilemma.
The slave trade being abolished, how is his Ma-
'to recruit his black troops ? But this is little to
°Al'etted, considering the bad policy of that mea-
. When a. planter purchases negroes, he gene-
' manages to take an equal number of males and
'les; but Government buys only males, and at.
ts to confine, perhaps, 1000 men in a barrack,
Nit a woman among them Is this system die-
t by the feelings of humanity to men accustomed
4Ygarny ? Is it not the worst species of slavery ?
r they arc to have wives, who must they be ?
where will not these men go to meet theist •:"
a Trilnent of such agitation and danger, we re-
I tat a Nobleman, of the conciliating temper and

relay
untb
ss of

loth
[ion.

1t
1, ICA.
701brir
et::?dah

ola
rn
andN
HRO
-tna
ng d►
0 WTI

IS

.m at
Untig
ntake2

passen•.

Li at the
Go W, 1.16
is.
tice
he RU*
ches
A is Se.
lis
briaPi

subit7.:
Aria 31**
