FREETOWN, MARCH 13.

It is with the most heartfelt gratification we draw the attention
of the People of this Colony to the Circular of the Right Hon.
Earl Bathurst to the several Governors of uur West India posses-
sions. kits Lordship, with the most humane and considerate at-
tention for the wretched state of our numerous fellow-creatures
now living in slavery, has there given such directions as shew the
interest the subject has long excited, in the minds of his Majesty's
Government ; and we hope will lead, at no very distant period, to
the other necessary meastires for the gradual emancipation of these
suffering beings. We are aware that this is not " the work of a
day," and that the cordial co-operation of the Colonial Legislatures
is absolutely necessary to give doe effect to those noble and liberal
principles of humanity towards the slaves, and consideration for
their owners, which characterised the speech of Dlr. Secretary
Canning, alluded to by Earl Bathurst, the report of which we have
unfortunately mislaid.
The London news from Cape Coast is to a later date than our
last accounts from that settlement, and tends to *hew that the war
with the Ashantees is still devastating the country. His Excellency •

Sir Charles arrival larded strengthen the sfforts of
our friends there, and, we hope, bring the war to a successful close.
We have now been for some time in daily expectation of his return,
ind from not having since heard from that settlement, have become
more than anxious respecting his long absence. From this slate of
suspense, we most fervently hope his Excellency's desired presence
*ln, before many days, relieve us. It is, however, grat.fying to
know, that during such period the affairs of the Colony have not
materially suffered by this delay so much beyond the time his
Excellency had fixed on for being here ; and we fear, is occasioned
by the pertinacious obstinacy of the Ashantees to do that justice
which we are imperatively bound to demand ; thus rendering it
necessary for Lis Excellency to push the war tc the capital of
their country, and of course lengthen the term of the campaign.
—Notwithstanding, however, that we have sustained, by oar best
exertions, the" great work," still there is no doubt that his Excel-
lency's presence and example would have effected melt more than
we can pretend to have performed. It is well known to us all that
this Colony owes its present prosperous and happy state more to the
continued residence and individual exertion of his Excellency for
many years, than to any other cause; and that his absence is a
drawback upon our improvement, is as strongly visible to an ob-
server as it is sensibly felt and deplored by all classes of the inhabi-
tants of this colony.

This morning we received such of the French Papers
as did not teach us yesterday, by Express. The Eto
publishes a note which it pretends has been addressei
by the Turkish Government to the Ambassador of
England, complaining of the interference of Britiel
subjects on behalf of the Greeks against the IV ~csulmans.
The old question betweenßoNA RTEandLord I-1 AWNEV•
BURY, as to the obligation of the Government to e%er-
cise over the press of England a power not sanctioned
by British law, is here raised in another form, and ap-
plied to the persons of Englishmen. Our Ministers are
reproached by the Etoile-author of this Turkish note
with not suiting the administration of the laws of Eng.
land to the interests of foreign Governments. Ile com-
plains loudly of the assistance given to the Greeks from
England, in men and money, &c. and of the favc ur
shewn to the Greek cause by the lonian Government.
Ile demands that the British Governrinent shall preven►
these succours being given to the Greeks in future; and
concludes by asserting, that " England con prevent it
if It will, and that it is full lime she should will it .1

Si a vessel which arrived at Guernsey, we have in.
telligence from Rio de Janeiro so late as the 16th of
April, by which we learn that the oath to the Constitu-
tion was taken on the 25th of March (the day fixed) by
the EMPEROR, and the Authorities of Rio, amidst gene-
ral rejoicings. To the test of the EMPEROR'S Sincerity
in taking the oath to the Constitution, is added another
given to Lord COCHRA,NE, who is said, in a personal
interview with him, to have received the most explicit
assurances that he had no other aim than the indepen-
dence of Brazil. His Lordship is stated to have been
further conciliated by the condemnation of the ships
captured from the Portuguese, the delay in which had
first excited suspicion of sinister designs on the part of
the Government at Rio. At the date of the present ad-
vices, there are said to have been six French frigates in
the harbour of Rio, of which two were raves, or 61—
gun ships cut down : but there have been so many ridi-
culous statements about French armaments in different
ports, that this new rumour is not worthy of notice.

Frankfort Papers to the 2ti inst. reached us this
morning. The following are extracts:

LEIPSIC, MAY sh

The fair is now over, and has remained good to the
end. It is affirmed that there has not been so good a
fair for these twenty years, more, however, in wholesale
than in retail transactions. The prices of goods have
been in general satisfactory, though not dear. The
number of purchasers from Poland, Russia, and Austrian
Gallicia became more numerous towards the middle of
the fair, and there was consequently a greater demand
for silk, woollen, linen, and cotton manufactures than
we have had for many years. Almost all articles, in
fact, have been more or less in good request, and many
manufacturers left us before the end of the fair, having
disposed of their whole stock. It is said we may expect
the Georgians and South Americans to be in future
constant visitors.
