-it-pay
rhatner

pews; and volunteers, and, he thought that n
persori would object to the negrce being placed in so
honourable a situation as a free man. and when- he
wished to retire he wa; [Trilled site. He should not
say much on the Military College, an account o(
which had been so echnirablysgiven ; but if we were
IQ have war at ail, he thought it could not be a
question whether the officers were to be well edu-
i Fated, or left entirely ignosant of the duties they had.'
to perform ? The navy and artillery had long had
their particular establishment;, so had the Indian,
I army, and he thought by this• institution, not only-
' the ;Tiny, but the world at large would be benefited.
Mr. LONG 'said, the College bad always giten
hint the highest gratification. He then esplaiitild
Weral circtimitances relative to t)te
Sir M. W. 'RIDLEY' bad nothing to object to
the Military College, but, thought that something
Tien bkdosie towards' redpcing the charge which
the, Volinstost:. or-Ponsanry calfilry were upon the
public. ,
Mr. J. P. *CfRANT said, if the Volunteer Ca-
yalrT wete discharged, the charge would fall on the
public from the Local Militia as soverely.as before. ,
.4ord PALMERSTON bad seen many letters
from Mayors and Magistrates, stating, that the Vo-
lunteer Cavalry had -done aOw deal of goOd in
different places in their . several neighbourhoods by
suppressing riotous 'preCeedingi.
Mr. Wil.3.Eß.FOßCE*as.very glad to hear of
agrees havinibt;en received intothe troops of Sierra
Leone •and should always Ore his voice twthe keep:
in; up of such 'ts.force, He hoped it
swould tendto
raise the African race in the eyes okthe world. Be' had
heard that the blacks in the Sierra'Leone troops had
already behaved themselves in a very becoming man-
ner. , lie thought, howevert that as they were re-
ceived amongst the whites, their colour ought not to
hinder them from having the same privileges; this,'
however, had not been the case, for they were pre-
vented (tom' retiring from the army when they
wished.
Lord PALMERSTON said, that the whites
served two years there as they would three here, and
were they to receive the same privileges who were
I inured to the climate ? _ _ _ _

Mr. WILBERFORCE said, it would at least be
an encouragement to other negroes to come forward
and serve their country, if they received those pri-
vileges.
General GASCOYNE said, he had known, ne-
groes enlisted for the a► my pro lanftore. •
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, it had never, to his
knowledge, occurred, and, indeed, there was an ex-
press clause ►n the Act, forbidding their being al-
lowed to retire. To return to their friends and their
peaceful habitations would certainly be much more.
comfortable to them in the evening of their lives,,
ttnd those who retired might send volunteers who
would be more serviceable than themselves.

Mr. W. SMITH thought, as those men were not
raised by voluntary enlistment, but placed in the
army as soon as they were rescued from captivity, it
appeared to many, that this was but exchanging one
kind of slavery for life, for qaother sort, which, al.
though far better than the state of a captive slave,
might still be considered as slavery. He therefore
wished that they, like British soldiers, should have
the option of taking :their discharge after.a.limited,
service. s. •
• _

Mr. TIERNEY was apprehensive that we sho1,1•1
find at the end of the year a grear deficiency in t.as
expenditure, and some heavy 'arrears. Indeed, he.
was well assured, that under the head of Army;
_Navy, Commissary, and Transport Service, the ex-
pense to the.country for the year -would not be less
than ao millions. - vt- • ,

' The following dams were then "voted for the ser.
vice of the army, for the Tear 1815:

For 192,000 men (including miscellaneous services) X 3,169,422
For troops and compuunt recruiting for the forces
. . . _ _

in the Fait Indira
En Militia
Pay of General Officers

10,9411
701,?02
105,495
e,103
35,0110
97,3110
110,000
139,506
94,221
293,033
57,433
1111,232
210,000
586,715
20,197
12,3311
6,450
4,262

Sta,land Garrisons

Pay for Supernernerar, Officers
Public Departments -
Exchequer Fees -
Half Pay and Military Allowances
In-Pensioners of Chelsea and I(ilmallthath

Gut Prmioutrs
W kis,' e PC1151056

Volunteer Corps •
Local Militia •
Foreign Copps •
itckyal Military College ••
Royal Military Asylum
'Rctired C.lmplains - .
Mrdiciae% and Hospital &pence,
Compassionate List •
Commissariat of Ireland

31416),
MASI

Barrack Departments, ditto

Superannuated Allowanca.

Augmentations to tho Land rums . •
Militia Corpi, proposed to be embodied
Augmentation oftheStaff • •

• 384,260
• 1,900,000
50,000
"opt)

her Sum for Medicines
Cereal attached to the %misuses Arm,

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQIJEK.
.said that the sum of twelve millions, he-believed,
would be sufficient for the supplies of the present year.,
,a 11,800.000 would he required tor the first thjee.
months, and he feared there might be great domain&
in' the remaining nine. The British arasy could Pet
.have less than ie.500.0010 per month. The whole
proportion., indeed,. would be—for the 2t.n1y.01) the
Continent, six minims for the West Indies, three
millions ; and for America and other parts, thsee
millions. • Nine.millitms, he thought. would form the
extraordinary expenses of the British army in rAgt.
land and Ireland.. •
The SPEAKER then resumed the Chair, and the
, tern was ordered to be received op Monday next.
.GOVEBNOIL AINSLII. • ,
Mr. GORDON rose, pursuant tenotici, to make
bis• inotion with respect to General conduct
ai to Grenada and Dominic*. 4n November, 1812,•
be had required the inhabitants of Grenade to take
the O:Ahs of allegiante in tle course of a week. In
the bUrch following be.c*used a_intnishment 0f.20
lashei lobe inflicted on out Jean Michel, a free man
of colour, till the.y 4inght blood ; and for tlisectlpys
afterwards he was confined in the Black Hole,atfblit
tutta--( Loughs) 4, he meant the 4)Liek Rale as Vbre.
sada. At length /* CUB.*** relenencl..*and vu
:dnied to accept.* certain an* in ampliqiatioa of the
injury be bed 7:m*104400f which mutiny be after
*kris returned to beneral Amalie, 'The CO M,
•
/if *C.' Hens, of Assetithly *mans: 0e);"
,tefil.eti.tAt that illi.**rrs ot .114 Colpify
Aguary Wiled in Wei; Yid Ooivece
