all restrictions on the intercourse siltioly shoal exist
among nations in respect to the products of industry.
This, however, cannot be the work of a day,
(thottgh it ought instantly to become the subject of
friendly communication among the Governments of
Europe) And till something caa be effected, treasures
of protection should be resorted to. This, however, is
very difficult, and deserves, great consideration. On
this subkct we subjoin a copy of a Petition addressed
to his Royal Highness the Panics R WENT, of which
a printed copy reached us this morning. It is en.
titled •' the hunsble Memorial of the undersigned,
being Manufacturers of 'Cotton Goods, and Work.
men who have been employed in the various branches
of that once extensive and important manufacture ;"
—And its object is to obtain a prohibition of the Ex.
portation of Cotton Yarn, on the idea that if Fo-
reigners could not get the Yarn which they weave
into Cloth, they would be obliged to buy the Clods
iron us:

"Tat linens MRIIORML,

"That your Royal High:leis% humble Memorialists vrbo
all occasions have proved themselves his Majesty's most faithful
and loyal sublects, are brought to the greatest distress, which is
every day becoming more poignant; and unless some aims of
relief be speedily devised. ow common ruin must involve both
Masters and Workases.

" Your Memorialists are wen aware that many classes of his
Majesty's subjeets bboar under similar distresses, with this dif-
(crepes,— their's have not bag exifted—our's have almust become
permanent ;--they have had constaos employment a.ld hill wages,
until withlo these few months; but the evils of whist* your Me-
morialists complain, have bass growing for upwards of fifteen
ran, till ibey have arrived at a dim= of unparalleled want,
misery. and win ! !I
a That the evils to which your Memorialists allude, may be
ascribed to one gftat cause, viz. the Exportation of the half-
wrought Material, aeTsvist and Weft. By this traffic, one part
of his Majesty's subjects work to enable Foreigners to do without
the labour of the otber part; aad hence their restrictive measares
against the finished Manufactures of your Memorialists. Ano-
ther evil arl.ing out of the above, la the frequent reduction of
Wages. Tide system must at di times decrease tke value of the
Stock on Bond, which is sometimes immense. The consequence
is, that the most wealthy of the Masters have either altogether,
or partly, declined this Manufacture ; whilat others, by repeated
sacrifices of depredated stocks, have- become insolvent. Hence
many thousands of Weavers are out oil employ; whilst those wbo
base work cannot, on an average, are more than Four Shillings
per Week ; and Iktis more than two years ago, for a shod period
(FerdguLoosna being prevented for /0111 e time from nsamsfactu-
ring goods from British Cotton Yarns, owing to their Country's
being then the Seat of War) they could earn Sixteen Shillings
and Sixpence iu the same thee.

" That since Peace took place, and the Looms were
set to work again wkklititish Yarns, Wages have been gradually
decreasing to their must ruinous !we ; nor can your Memo-
tlalists see any period when they can be employed again, so long
as Yarns continue to be sent WI of the kiugdolis in such Waren,
Ing.juan ti ties.

•' 'that tbr Cotton Manufacture has given employment aud.
support to many hundred* of thousands of persons in the United
Kingdom; iusd your Memorialists humbly presume has been of

considerable inspernsesce in • ilnaneinl point of view. tibial sucb It
spume!' our national greatness be removed ?--No !

" Your Memorialists trust,witb humble coufideuce, that your
Royal Highoess will be grsciously pleased to take the Above into
your Royal Highness's most serous consideration.

" And your Momorialirts will ever pray, Ste:
" Stockport, July 17, 1816."

Yesterday, soon after three o'cincle, her Mann
and the Princess ELIZAINCTII left the Queen's Place
for Windsor. They proceeded to Twicketiham, to
the residence of the Duke and Duchess of Oamotifs,
where they dined, and afterwards went on to Windsor.
The Quays is expected u) give an entertainment,
in honour orthe two Royal marriages, soon after the
return of the Dyke and Duchess of Gtoucesrmt.

Lord CAWDOR IS come to town, in ostler to arrange
a matrimonial settlement between his son, the Hon.
frif. CAMPBELL, and Lady Ectznnrr►t THYNNR,
eldest daughter of the Marquis and Matchioness 01
BATH, whose nuptials are speedily expected to take
place. Lady ELIZABETH THYNNE is in heir I‘2J year,
and is one of.the Beauties of die higher circles; Mr.
CAMPBELL is three Of lour years older.

Of the large fortune of Lady Ul7ll Buttons, now
Counte►s of PAULITT, iellellt 7 thousand pounds are
to be applied to the immediate service of the Earl.—
The remainder is sculed upon herself, in• away per-
fectly satisfactory to her friends.

The most fashionable woman in the circle of the
French Court is said to be Madame biarretv : she
,spends whole days at the Thailleries, laughing,
dancing, and singing. Her great wealth, high favour
at Court, and personal charms, have drawn round
her a multitude of -admirers ; she is said to have IC.
jetted Marshal MACDONALD, because lie WAS WO
steady. Those who have seen her in England, could
scarcely recognise her in Paris.
Last night ushered in a new moon, from which
great hopes of favourable weather are expected. The
rrayer.for fair weather was read in several churches
of the metropolis on Sunday last.
_ t_

From. ail puts of the country we hear of damage
ione by the late storms and floods occasioned by the
heavy rains.—On Thursday uxorning last a storm ul
hail fell in the parish of Kelly, near Launceston ;
weral trees were blown down, and sheep killed.
The weather in Jamaica has been as unseasonable
as, in Europe. Constant rains and thunder storms
were experienced up to the middle of June.

- -
The nine convicted Ely Rioters, whose sentence
of death has been remitted, were expected to be only
imprisoned for a year or two ; but this expectation
appears to have been erroneous, as they luive been
removed by order of Government to the Nore, for
the purpose of being transported for seien years
consequence of which, a meeting of some of the in-
habitants of Ely has been hold at the Club inn, 1:1y,
(Jour: PAM. Esq. in the Chair), at which it was
agreed that a letter should be addressed to the Secre-
tary of State for d►e HOMO Department, earnestly
imploring his intercession with the Panics Reozur
in behalf of the culprits, they being principally young
men of good character, who, it it supposed, had been
induced to join in the slots Isom the evil ;sample,
'which mu se; them: .

STAR OFFICE, TWO O'CLOCK,

We bate received the Paris Papers of Nlo
ndl: • they cootAin the lothwing articles :

PARIS, JULY 22.
The King has sent a Circular to the Clrrgy, d;„(t.
ing them to put ep prayers in all the Churcl t, r, r
the cessation of the unfavourable weather. It statts
that the earth is loaded with cv,rn and fruits, wlich
are incapable of coming to maturity for the w.tut uf,
sunshine and warmer weather.

A trifling commotion took place on the 12th at
Lievin, arrondissement de Bethune, departmalt
the Pas de Calais—it was soon quelled, the princir,
were arrested and sent to St. Omer, to be hied i;,4
Prevotal Court.

General Savary has written from Smyrn ,e
Margnis de Riviere at Constantinople, requt s i,
intercession with the King to permit Lint to c0.,,c. to
his wife and family.

The female servant of the dealer in wines is
accused of poisoning a gentleman who dig • d at his
house went mad on seeing a gen-d'arrbes ehkr the
house. She thought he cairn swarms her also. stie
is confined in the Hospital of St. Louis.

An avalanche took place in the Cantos of St. C4ll,
in '§witierland, on the Sd of Jolb.wl#clf.Jeuroyejj
the crops of t5O acres, by causing a rim to ow.
flow its banks.

The Afeiiieur is filled with the first day's pr,,cred.
ings of General MOUTON DUVERNBT% trial at Lyons,
which commenced on the 15th July.

THE AR M krd

Vre hate a/ready taken occasion to notice tse
praiseworthy exertions of the COMMANDER IN CHU/
to better the condition of the soldier, and to place
him and Iris children in fact, more and snore on the
level el a Citizen with respect to their civil ri..ert,
We subjoin another document of this description: we
hope is will be followed by aaother embracioule
object of some certain method of recording a solditt's
death, so that an available certificate may be obtained.
In the mean time the following Instructions hay:
been issued front the War Office (signed P.% tmeasioN;,
'and addressed to the Agents of the Army, viz.

" k having been found in many case), that the sums t!uit 14
soldiers, who die Intestate, have been paid to persons mat, ps)-
perly entitled thereto, I ant to desire that you ail' not in hi,: -
pay any sums of money arising from the effects or crelti of .t.I-
diers thing intestate, withort obtaining from the persons :per
big for the same, the creamery proof of their being the set:
to the deceased, accordlrg to the accompanying Fofllls of
Application and Certificates, and aecondinz to the degrees a it-
latitioship specified In the said Forms.

ilaving obtained information that ---, Atte of the —,
died• on or about tbe and haring no reason to &hese that
be left any well, I request that yuu will pay to me, or to rtiv
order, the 61011! arising front Ids erects and aeedies, I bang his
I lawful —, and nearest of kin now living.
I " Dated at this —.

" S;gmt.tre*
" We dr aestify that we personaNy know tie above “.bsctir
los —. and be:lege what --- big stated to be true.

" —1 Wahl:dub{ ant-Hiluiehriders of Or-
" Portsh of —, in the Cowl?), or

" I hereby certify, that L have ezanibied the ahuse.oanul
who slabus the effects of the late of ti e acid
also thirabove —, and both Inhabkant }Louse/solders of tiiis
Parish,, as to their kttowledge of the said and of right
to the balance due to the late —., and that I am t2u.!';‘,l
with their answers. I have also seen the said sign the •I),n,:r
Appliestion, and the said and sign tl.e Ceifolea
subjcined hereunto.

" Minister of the Parish of —."
rIttUDEhCY ilf
G. Gr,sotkohor. or Oran•lnuol cr.
7. I Wk., Aunt, or .1,
•

I. Widow.
Y. Child.

I N. CliWilll (AVM W.
__

3. Fatlts r.

4. Mother.
3. Brother cr Sister.

V. Ditto I nee re novt-.1.
10. Second -Co USIU.

The proportions in which the personal property ri
a person dying intestate is to be divided among
relations, are regulated by the Statute of Dwri!,tl.
tions: and if any doubt should arise as to the cr:,•!i.
bution in ;lay particular case. application is
made at the Wee ()dice for inlorrnation on that p i.

The Earl of JEIISEY and faneVy, and the Ilishap.
of OSSORY were among the pamengers
barked on Tuesday at 1)3141. ter Cadets.
The following is a letter from an Officer emnloyeti
in the Expednots
" H. M. S. Albion, seithea.l, Ja:y
go We have been beating. :flaunt its tl.c ro-
the last week against heavy gales. an.l sar'ved Lea,
yesterday. We are to be one of the elips en pl•lit./
in the holy war, or crusade, to proceed ags::-st th•
Infidels of Algiers. to abolish Christian Slavery, al:1
.to chastise those Barbarians for the outrages tb. }-
have been committing in the Meditereirean. 't
force is to consist of Live line•ob bat:l2 (a.to.st
than three-deckers), several heavy frigates. .
fire-ships, bomb-ve-sels, tocket.barats, &c. .
the dreadful instrninents of destauction fr 7 a rnr " -
siege. I was at Algiers last sutr.rner ; it is a very e• •
tensave place; the city contains upwaids of IOC,01:1>
inhabitants, the streets are vcry natrcw, and •! --
homes (which are. of wood) are cornected ti:ht.:e • .1
the opposite side of the streets by la:le bea-rs
aun across, so that if a few of onr Con:pct.• rcrir
net awongst 0-em,the cenfl agratiors will woo. !a:
r4l. 'f lie. town is driend..(l by nearly 1(0.) ~t
cannor.,and in some places the ramparts ate ericinle:::.
ed by the heads of Cliistians stud; upou paLs.
If they do not agree to our terms, the principal
illicit is the abolition of Cluistiaii slavery, we etc Is
'attack them, and bal•n and destroy their lot% ns
shipping. We expect t•i have some fight:rg, as de
Algerincs are not like European nations ; Ll,cr
fight to the last, as they are taught by Ow:. reli,gior:,
that if they fall in battle against Christians, they are
cure to go to ilaavzst. As soon as every tLing is
stilled, Lord Eosin returns to England ; and we
:main in the blea.!itettanean as flag-ship of A4titit.ti
, VENIEC:4."
