SPORTING INTELLIGENCE

At the Deli Newnserket Craven Meeting, Mr. Hunter's eby
Gustavus, is matched against Mr. Pettit's, by Waverley, fist 71b
r each, [or .501) soya. h it.
_ _

The Duke of Grafton's eb e by Emilio., is matched against Lord
Sefton's &pains, est 41b eacb, at the Craven Meeting 11130, for
200, h ft. . _ _

The Saturday before the next Doncaster Meeting, Mr. Robin-
son's b by Sir 'Oliver is matched against Mr. Ridniale's by Figaro,
Sat gab each, for SOS sows. b ft.
The first day of the next York Spring Meeting the following
matches will take place—
Lord Cleverland's Nonplus, against Mr. Perre's Granby, 84t 718
each, for 500, h ft.
Mr. Petre's The Colonel, est 51b, against Colonel King's Bessy
Bedlam, tat llb,. &. Leger Course, for 300.
General Sbarpe's Malek.llst 71b. against Sir W. Maxwell's Spa.
daasin, 10.1 71b for 500, Is ft.
PEDESTRIAN MATEII AGAINST TIME.
Monday, to deckle& wager of 30 sows. with Lord James Fitzroy,
Capt. Wedderburn, (both Gentlemen of the Royal 10th Hussars),
undertook to walk (not run over any part of the ground) 15 miles
lin three hours. The apace, one true out. was measured to the
north of the Cavalry Ilarracks, at Walston, making two miles out
and home. The first five miles were performed in 52 minutes and
a half, the second. five in 54 minutes and a half, the third In 59
minutes 57 seconds, the teak being accomplished with 13 minutes
and three seconds to spars. The first six mills were covered in 03
minutes. •
GREAT FOOT RACK AT CHESTER.

Capra, Nov. 3..—A race which bas extited extraordinary in-
terest in this neighbourhood, was decided on the Race Course this
day, between West one of Lord Grosvenoes footmen and Lewis
better known as the Antelope, from the neighbourhood of Dela:
mere Forest. It was for £lOO aside; the distant. 160 yards.
West is a fine sthledc young man, measuring nearly six feet; Lewis
is much shorter and very slender. Hods prinks were sanguine,
and betting was eyes at starting. The distance was run in 16 see.
West winning by a little more than the diameter of his person.
Many thousand persons were collected to witness the rlie, and the
disappointment of Lewis's friends, who bad come to town in great
numbers, is more easily conceived than described. Much money
was won Lad lost.
•

Wednesday se'nnight some villains cut off the manes
and tails of tour beautiful chesnur Suffolk cart hones,
the property of it. H. Cox, El.q. of Hillingdon House,
Uxbridge; and she same night a similar outrage was
committed on lour cart bosses, the property of -Mr.'
Warne, at Botwell, near Hayes. ltewards are offered
for the apprehensicrirof the offenders.
EWA NCIPATION or At SLAPS IN ORKNEY.—An in•
tesesting question came lately before the Justices of
Peace at Stromi.ess, upon an application for W. M.
Larisilown, formerly a slave in Jamaica, who had come
to Strompess on board the brig Traveller of Aberdeen,
botusti for that island, and of which vessel he had been
steward. The point for decision was, whether this in
dividual, who lately came to Britain, and lived a short'
time in. Aberdeen, could be obliged, contrary to his
prepent inclinations, to return to a piece where he might.
be claimed by his master,ami again subjected to slavery
The Justices found, chat Lansdowb was entitled to the
liberty be claimed ; and in respect of his ezpOsure to
slavery should be return to the West Indict, and alsoin
consequence of his not barring signed the ship's articles
of agreement, found that he coo Pot be compelled to
proceed thither without lite own COMM. He was
accordingly discharged.

THE CONVENT VERSUS THE STAGE.
11110111 L—A young Lady la ber noviciate, Made.
ipoiselle NISTA BUSCHIM having. devoted hereself. en.
okay to the stage. on the Sd of July rehearsed the part Jf
Agatha in the Freiachrts, but under such remarkable
,cocum stances that the whole public bete Is up is arms.
Her Pi.iest visited her, and in a warning voice.. called
her away, at the same time threatening her with
eternal torments (reit den ewigee Herilenatrajen) if she
chose the theatre; as not only all players, but all
play-goers are never to become happy in the kingdom
of Heaven, but (as Mareepores says) will be
This rai ed up so strong an opposition that the house
was thronged; and, after immense applause, the young
Lady was called for twice (at the end of the second act
and at the conclusion)—an unheard .of case. In the news-
papers it was inquired when the managers Ofthethe lire
intended to give MoLtana's Tarityfr I and in the Riff •
gerfreund there appeared a regular attack upon the
Priest. His name was bawled nut in the theatre, and
he received so many anonymous letters. that he wai
obliged to get up an opposition party. The people of
Bremen delight in nothing more than religious contro-
versy. Mademoiselle Bulimia' has received many pre-
sents, and great encouragement. Her next part will be
Reda, in Oberon, and then she will appear in Mower's,
Figaro.
