FINISH OF LOTTERIES.'

SWIFT AND CO. irspectfully inform the Public,
that the last and only remaining Day of Drawing the State
Lottery is WEDNESDAY, the 111111 of THIS MONTH, when
SIX PRIZES of ,C 30,000, and all the other Capitals in the
Scheme, will be determined.

Every Ticket will receive .85, independent of any Sum to
which it may. be entitled. In the last Lottery containing icao,cgoo
Prizes, Swtrr and Co. Sold TWO out of FOUR of them, at their
Offices, 11, Poultry ; 1, Strand; and 31, Aldgate High-street.

KINGSTON, JAMAICA, Atm 1, 1826.

After a very pleasant voyage, we on Friday the 16th
of September, 1825, descried the island of Barbadoes
right a-head. This was the first %Vest India Island I
had seen,—as we approached the shore, the beauty and
novelty of the prospect produced sensations I shall not
easily forget. "The brightest of green" presented itself
to the eye, and the shore was adorned as far as the eye
could reach with the graceful palm trees, waving their
long leaves in the refreshing sea breeze, which in these
regions blow steadily from east to west. Every moment
presented objects of greater novelty to my view, till
night drew her " gradual dusky veil" over-this lovely
spot, as we dropped our anchor in Carlisle Bay. There
was no moon up that night, but the lightning was fre-
quent and vivid enough to enable us-to see the objects
on shore.

The Captain offered to take me ashore with him in
the mail-boat, and yru may suppose that the voyager
just arrived in a new, world accepted the offer with eager-
ness. The boat was rowed by four happy negroes. As
they rowed one of them sang d song, the rest joining in
the chorus. Our Captain was well known in Bridge.
town, and when his voice was recognised (for it was not a
light night) a good number of them gave us three cheers.
When the Captain set foot on shore he said something
jocular to them which I did not distinctly hear, and a
general grin ensued. This had an exceedingly odd
effect, for through the darkness I saw a sadden display
of white teeth, which formed a strong contrast with the
other part of their visages. Alter conveying the mail to
the Post-office, the Captain conducted me to the Hotel—
ELodgings" is the West Indian name)--kept by one
lizabeth Austin, who is commonly called Betsy Austin.
She is a free person of colour, alias a very dark
brown woman. This was the first West Indian habita-
tion I had entered. The floors, which were of pitch
pine, shone like a mirror, and were about as slippery as
ice. Two sofas, some creole chairs adapted to the dim
cum dignitale of the natives, and a comely sideboard
adorned with punch bowls and sangaree glasses, com-
posed the furniture of the room. The Captain ordered
one of the said glasses to be filled for our accommoda-
tion. SAngaree is a beverage, I believe, peculiar to this
par t of the world. It consists of a bottle of Madeira,
with a small additian of water, acidulated with wines
sweetened with sugar, and spiced with nutmeg. We sat
in true Creole state at one of the windows (all being
open,) with our legs elevated on the sill; the serenity of
the night being only disturbed by the chirping of innu-
merable crickets, and the songs of the light-hearted
negroes who passed by. The sangaree being ex-
hausted, we retired to rest. The dormitory pre-
sented more novelties. For the sake of coolness
and ventilation, there was one ceiling in common
to all the bed-rooms, which were separated from
each other by partitions of wood about eight feet
high. The windows were not glazed, but have
frames of Venetian blinds, which may be either thrown
open or partially opened at the will of the occupier of
the chamber. The bedding coasisted of two mattresses
and a pair of sheets, and the whole bed is surrounded
by a net of lawn or muslin, to exclude any interference
on the part of the mosquitoes. When I awoke in the
morning the sun was just peeping above the eastern
waves, gilding the tips of the tall and stately cocoa-nut
trees. I can say little more of llarbadoes, excepting
that in passing along the road, which was beautified
by the verdure of tropical vegetation, I was struck with
the decent and orderly appearance of the negroes, who
smiled a welcome es we passed and noticed them, as we
left it in the evening. Bar badoes is perb :ps one of the most
beautiful of the Caribbean islands. It differs from most
others in this, that the scenery is not so bold, there '..eing
but little elevation above the level of the sea in any part
of it. Near the centre is, I think, the highest point. It is
not, however, a dead flat, but beautified by many ine-
qualities of surface. So much for. Barhadues. The next
morning brought us in sight of St. Vincent's—a very
picturesque islarld, mountainous, but coveted with ma-
jestic forests. Here we landed the mail, and proceeded
to Grenada, where we arrived the next morning. This
island is also roannitaisons. 1 went ashore, and saw, for
the first time, a negro market. This is n,:t a market
where negroes ate bought and sold, but where the.), sell
the vegetables raised on the provision grounds allotted
to them. The gestpres .orf the sable venders of fruit,
cass Ida, yams, /Lc. its, order to gain cestom—thesta:ely
walk of the fee people, ituisi.t the .general confusion ;
the ear-rings, bracelets, and necklace, of Loa negro girls

'which they universally wear, and• tyre placid sleep of
others, undisturbed by this Babel, afforded an ample
subject for amusement and c.intemplation. The heat
was excessive, and we were obliged to have recourse to
the sangaree glass for refreshment.
We left Grenada after a short stay, and on the morn-
ing of the fifth day after we sailed, Jamaica was in our
view. 'lt Was a lovely day—the sea calm, and the day
serene. Near the shore the cocoa trees and sugar canes
were distinctly visible. Further in the interior, hills
arose behiod hills, till they became mountains, and
finally the Blue Mountains, snaring above the clouds,
which floated about their base, bounded their prospect.
Yet these were n• t composed of huge crags, or preci-
pices of barren rock, but all c, owned to the very summit
with the luxuriant verdure of vast tore.ts, consisting, I
am informed,J the mahogany,cedar, pimento, kial met o,
and cotton trees. Such was the fist view of Jam aic
At about two o'clock, we eneilloied in the hatisin;
of Port goyal, whence we proceiedesl to Kingston, rt
distance of.dbout seven miles, in a'canoe. Kingstt n
a very large place, and is considered as hot as any in
the West Indies. I, however, think I felt it hotter in
Grenada. The streets in Kingston are built in straight
lines, fiom east to west, and from unit)] to south, so as
to intersect each other at right angles. The object of
this is ventilation—the sea breeze blowing by day from
the east, the land wind at night descending upon King-
ston from the north. The streets are not paved, and a
sandy soil, reflecting the heat and light, from its white-
ness, renders them very incommodious. The houses in
Jamaica are usually low. In front is a large piazza, in
which the inhabitants often take their meals, and lounge
for the sake of ccolness. They are jalousied towards the
street& so that the person within may either totally et-
elude the view from without, or, by opening them, sit in
the open air. The houses are generally one story high,
very few aspiring to up stairs rooms. They are not tiled,
as in England, but covered with shingles, or wooden
slates (excuse the Irishism), and are thus rendered more
secure against earthquakes and hurricanes—the former
of which are very common. Since I have been here
we have had three perpendiculars. But it is the horizontal
shakes that do the mischief. I cannot say that I found
the perpendicular motion otherwise than awful.
:I will now proceed.totive you a brief account of the
climate, the productions of the soil, and the inhabitants,
both black and white.

As to the climate, it is one burning summer all the
year round, in most of the low lands. The thermometer
on Christmas-day, at noon, in Spanish Town, was 83
deg. Fahren. and, at that part of the day, I have never seen
it lower, except after a shower of rain ; in fast, it ranges
from 83 deg. to about 92. At night, at this time of year,
it would stand at about 78 deg. but in the winter nights,
I have known it as low as 66 deg. though at noon it
•would rise to 83 deg. These are all taken in the shade;
but, notwithstanding this high temperature in the shade,
tbe place is rendered tolerable by the sea breeze, which
usually sets in at about nine in the morning, and dies
away at sunset; it is then succeeded by the land wind,
which descends trom the mountains, and blows towards
the coast; so that the places on the north side of the
island have a south wind, while we on the south side
have the breeze from the north. The climate of the
mountains is much cooler than below. You may there
luxuriate in the shade, in a climate as fine as the spring
in England; but the rays of the sun are too fierce to ad-
mit of exposure to them in any part of the island. This
may appear strange, but experience bas taught me that
it is true. I regret to say, that this is a dreadful
climate for robust Europeans. The rainy seasons, which
occur in May and October, but in particular the latter,
are the periods at which the greatest sickness prevails.
When I first arrived, the town was very sickly, and I
had not been a fortnight here before I lost one of my
bestiriends ; but these occurrences are 'mere trifles to
the _people of Jamaica, who are used to them, and I
confess, for the short period of time that I have been
here, I have grown wonderfully indifferent to the news
of people's exit from this world. The climate has,
hitherto, agreed with me, but I may still live long
enough to die of a fever. However, to make amends
for the prevalence of fevers, the island is free from
most European complaints, and surgical cases are
very rare.
As to the productions of the island, besides sugar and
coffee, Jamaica produces pimento, which is unknown
in the other British West islands. The tree is one of
singular beauty and great fragrance, rendering the
breeze spicy after it has passed over groves of this species
of tree. Cacao and Indigo are now but little cultivated
here, but this island is far more prolific in fruit than the
others to windward. The pine, 'haddock, orange, le-
mon, lime, mango, avocado, pear, melon, grape, mam-
mee, sapota, sour sop, neesbury, and ethers, afford a
dessert which cannot be excelled in the world. As to
the oranges and mangoes, they grow in the hedges in
great abundance. The markets, besides being supplied
with abundance of tropical vegetables (the names of
which neither interest nor amuse you), have also a sup-
ply of European vegetables, which are raised in the
mountains—viz. cabbages, peas, asparagus, French
beans, potatoes, lettuce, and onions; indeed, for fruit and
vegetables, I have no scruple in saying, that Kingston
market must be one of the first in the world.
As to the inhabitants the whites live much the same
as in England; perhaps ttv only difference is their
taking rather less kniinal food. Madeira is the favour-
ite wine, though they don't object to hock or cham-
pagne, both of which arr good and cheap. Claret is
also drank, and is about the price of Madeira. The yam
and plantain are excellent substitutes for bread, and ge-
nerally preferred. The white inhabitants rise with the
sun, take a ride before breakfast, dine about sunset, and
go to bed about nine in the evening. All free persons,
white, black, and brown, are compelled to serve in the
militia, which meet once a month to exercise. There
ate t•A enty-orie regiments of infantry, and three large
regiments of cavalry, besides the regulars, which are
stationed in the island.

The free black and brown people are usually of the
OprreitiVe cl,asses," such as tailors, cabinet makers, &c.
They are generally extremely indolent, and are many of
them vag4bonds. They are very proud of their free-
dom, and those of them who have slaves, treat them with
much more harshness than the whites treat theirs, but
to the Litter they are very servile.

As to the negroes—respecting Whom you most by
this time 'he ansious to hear something, your have such
conflicting testimony in England on this subject, that it
Must be difEcult to form a correct conclusion. Softie
further authentic informatioa may 0 e. efore be accept-
able. No doubt very erroneous id-as were entertained
on this subject. There is somethieg in the word " sla-
very" so revolting to an English ear, that it is almost
impossible for one who has not seen it to Suppose that
it can be anything but a horrible sys•em, replete with
wretchilise,s arid mier y. This i lea is by no pleans*.a
correct one—and I do net Ise itare to affirm, that the
negroes of Jamaica, althriug't the prnperty of their
masters, are far snore cemented, have much more ease,
and live much better than the Itheurisig poor of-tam
own country ; and thong!( we are all aware that a state
of slavery is repugn art to 'lateral justice, yet these per.
sags hews beer used to this state from their infancy, and
have never known any other. .L 1 yqu
.could see the
negroes of this country, anti observe their cteerful
cnuntenances, their dece;st appearance, and tele:trill
demeanour, you would be almost induced to say as I
did, " Are these persons the wretches! cre states' of
who e ming woands' we have heard so midi ire Eng.
land?' But lam wandering from fa.:ts—the negroes
of the field do less work than the labourers in England.
In England one hears such cite essieirs as this— The
wretched negro toiling render a burning sune" and this
appears to describe mmost piciable Ca r—butt hnter con-
trary to the fact. The heat that .would kill one of us,
is but a g .vial warmth to the native of another lati.
tude. You may often see a negro before simile,
when, perhaps, the thermometer is at seventy eight de-
grees, with his head and ears tied tip in a handkerchief,
and shivering with cold ; but as the sun acquires force,
the handkerchief is thrown aside; he becomes mor• and
more active, and. at noon, be seems a different being
from that which yen saw in the morning. in fact, you
frequently hear thenegroesvomplaining of cold, but
very seldom, if ever, of heat. I instance this to shew
that it is impossible for one who has never visited these
regions to escape erroneous impressions. Every negro
has a portion of ground attached to his house, which he
cultivates for himself, and the climate and the soil are
so productive, that by one day's labour in every fo4e
night (which is always allowed them), trio tweets of
family can raise proeisieos enough to feed o.emselves
and their children, and also to rake a supply every a et*
to the market for sale. It has been asserted that tte
produce of these vegetables sold in the m eikvt is t
property of the master ; but I find tssit that is not so.
It belongs to the slave entirely, and beins so, it is with
money saved from such gains that slaves sonseti nes
purchase their freedom. Clothes ate supplied by the
master. The domestic negroes in the towns tcceive ss.
a week in lieu of these provision ground.. Th s may,
at first sight, at:spear, inadequate. but when I tell you
that a negro lostutii•es in yams, cutest nuts, and salt
fish, and that for tenpence he can purchase a sufficient
quantity of them to last two days, besides having the
remnants from his master's table, th ;t objection u ill
fail. So that, in fact, though slaves, they receive clothes
from their masters, and also wages o supply their other "
wants. I asked an intelligent negro if he should like to
be free? " No, massa," sad he, " bow me do if me
free? where me get for my pickaninnies (children) for
nom (to eat); what me do for doctor when me sick?
No, massa, me no free. Buckra (the white man) pays
for all." And I found the same to be the sentione its of
many of the more intelligent slaves. -
As to the cruel treatment of the slaves—it appears
that there are brutes here as well as there are in E•
land, and everywhere else ; but brutality of conduct is
scouted, and there are very few cruelties which are tot
punishable by law. It seems that individual instances
of cruel conduct, and which have n r doubt occurted, have
been taken as the standsrd 'of the conduct of e nits-
ters, with not much greater,degree of fairness th in if
any foreigner were to fix the scale of morslity and ho-
nesty in England, from the reports of Bow-street and the
Old Bailey. In several instances that I have seen, when
a master has died, his slaves have appeared to be much
attached to him, and by their glief, strewn that they
consider him rather as a protector than a tyrant. At
the same time I ought not to omit stating (for of course
I can have no motive to conceal any facts) that a whip
is carried on the shoulder of the head man or driver, as
hi is called. But for all his obnoxious name, he is only
a foreman or director of the work—he is a slave him-
self, and has no poser of inflicting punishments exec, t
by the authbrity of one of the whites belonging to the
estate—either the overseer or thehead book-keeper. I have
been a good deal on d fferent estates, and never knew
or heard of this instrument being used, except as a pu-
-nishment for petty thefts: On some estates it is not
visible in the field—and people here think it very
strange that so much should be said about it in the
House of Commons, and yet, that when a motion was
made there for the abolition of the cat, a much more for-
midable thing in the army and navy, it was thrown out
by an immense majority.
That slavery ought to be eventually abolished nobody
here pretends to deny, but they protest against its being
abolished without a compensation, as the property in
slaves, though, perhaps. net a moral is a legal one, and
one which was absolutely forced on the Colonists; for I
am informed, that when land was first patenteed in
Jamaica, the Government obliged the patentees to pro-
cure negroes at the rate of four for eve:y acre of land—
and it is rather hard for the thief to tell the receiver, " It
is true you bought the goods of me, but they were
stolen, and though you paid me for them I well have
them back for nothing. At least such is the argue
went raised here. The domestic negroes have .tar
more liberty, as far as locomotion is concerned, than
the servants in England. They go about as they like
when not otherwise employed, without coming to " ask
mistress leave to go out;" and they live in separate
houses, at u hich they receive their own company, west.
hearts, ice. All that I have yet said of tee slaves re-
lates to their physical condition, but 1 also ought to e-
mark that their moral state is not so degraded as it is
generally supposed to be.
Many can read and wrte, but most uf them speak a
strange language, quite unintelligible: to a new ccmer.
If Mr. Wiluerferce considers Meth distn as the acme of
piety, the negroes are extremely religious.
, Marriage and baptism are becoming more and more

~ ~~1

vs i Q,

'I

that the negroes were
than the English ; and
purely African, and they
as a grievous sin. But for
among the negro females
open profligacy which disgusts
es at noon day in the streets of a large English town,
would shame a negro under the veil of midnight. In
fact, the negro girls never take the slightest notice of a
man as he passes them, and are very modest in .their
dadeanour. All negro women wear necklaces and
bracelets of red, white, or blue, though few of them
wear either stockings or shoes. The men wear rings of
gold or steel. Their language. as you may have al-
ready perceived, is a mixture of broken English and
African. They usually omit the letter s, and sometimes
put another letter for it—i. e. they say " tails" for
stairs, or 4, chewed beef" for stewed beef, and the like.
They universally call white persons " buckra," and
children "pickaninnies," and instead of the posses.ive
case use the dative or ablative, &c. They will say" Juli
Massa, all dem for you pickaninnies ?" which means,
Ah ! Sir, are all those your children?'" They use the
•erb 4, to do," for to be." They would say him do
coming," for he is coming; and him do kickaraboo,"
for be is vtying. Both men and women, but I think the latter in
particular, have a very disagreeable smell when at all warmed by
exertion. A room which a girl has been sweeping, is scarcely
tolerable for ten minutes after. Most of them, however, wash once
a day in a river, if there be one near. You must never suppose
that the words wife and husband imply a marriage in this country.
Tey do not, unless the term married," be added. The negross
prefer carrying weights, light or heavy, on their heads ; and they are
extremely expel tin so doing. I have seen a aegro girl carrying a
small bottle on her head with the cork pointing to the sky, and
walking and chattering with another girl, as if unconscious that the
bottle was there. Indeed, they tell a story of a negro, who was
told to wheel some rubbish in a wheelbarrow, taking off the wheel,
and carrying the barrow and rubbish on his head. The negro girls
do nut wear bonnets, but tie handkerchiefs on their beads, in the
same way as the itinerant female musicians in the streets of London.

POSITIVELY NEXT WEDNESDAY WEEK ALL
LOTTERIES END IN THIS KINGDOM. SIX OF
4150,000, icc. 1e319,000 IN ONE DAY.

THE EVENING STAR.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1526.

LON I)ON.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols which left off on Saturday at 801 to 1, opened this morn-
ing at the same price; and as yet there has not been a transaction
of any importance: the only thing doing is making up their ac-
counts against next Thursday, which is settling day. Consols may
be quoted at present at 804 buyers for the Account, and for No-
vember at $O3 4.
The Foreign market is very heavy, and scarcely anything is doing.
Current prices: Old Spanish 101 4, Mexican 611 1, Colom-
bian 34 35, Chilian 37 38, Russian 631, Greek 131 144, Brazilian
Shares 131 141, &chequer Bills 18 prens.

PRICE OF STOCKS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock Shut.
S per Cent. Ited. Shut.
S per Cent. Cons. 801/8 A
8?, per Cent. Shut.
- 3i per Cent. Rei. Shut.
4 per Cent. New 951,4 3/8 sAi
4 per Cent.►lB26, Shut.
Long Ann. Shut.
India Bonds 32
£1,090 Exclieq. Bills 18 17 16
£5OO ditto 20 19 21
£lOO and £2OO ditto 22 24
Cuts. for Account 801/8 1/4
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Buenos Ayr, s Bonds 60 Greek Bond., S p Ct. 151
Milan Bunds,6 p Ct. as Mex.Bonds,s per Ct.
l'o. Ace. MI Do• Ilds 1825, 6p. Ct. 611 1 1
Colombian Bonds, Do. Acct. 62 le I
Do. Bonds, 1824, 341 Pruss. Lids. 5p C.
Do. Acct. 34j Do. Beads, 1822, 5p C. 94
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO O'CLOCK.

Anglo Ilezicas
Brazilian

United Meilean

111H41 MIL PAID.
100 70 171 20 19
100 20 37
40 25 101

FRENCH FUNDS. PAU; OcTests 6.
Five per Cents. . . . 98f. 10c.
Three per Cents. • 6 . 66f. 25c.
Bank Actions . . . 2040 f. —.c.

Rqates de Naples
Royal Spanish Loan •
EXCHANGES.
Anorrannass, OCT. 6.—On London, 40. 5. 2 M. 40. 2.
Mansuaon, Om 6.—On London, 36. 11. 2M. 36. 8.
87. PITNISIBUILOH, SEPT. 19. On London, 10.
Lams; Seas. 28.—0 n London, I M. 6. 171.
Bow., Sm. 30.—0 n London, 3 M. 7. 01.

. 781. 30c.
• 460.

ARCTIC EXPEDITION.

The Edinburgh Courant contains the following letter
from Dr. Richardson to Dr. Graham, Professor of
Botany, accompanying 27 packages of seeds, many of
them new species, and several packages suspected to be-
long to new genera.
" Fort Franklin, Great Bear Lake, Nov. ISIS.
" We had a quick passage from Liverpool to New York, and
from thence we have journeyed with little rest and much expedition
to this quarter. Captain Franklin reached the Arctic Sea exactly
six months from the day he sailed from England, and j have been
nearly within sight of the Capper Mountains, a distance which we,
attained in the last journey only in the third summer. Having been

so fortunate as to effect so much in one season, and with our sea
stores unimpaired, our prospects art nattering, and we, hope, in
the course of next summer, to make the world acquainted with a
larger portion of the northern shores of this continent than they at
present know. We have travelled, however, too quickly for the
purposes of natural history, and since we have entered the line of
country we formerly travelled through, I have not added more than
fifty species of plants to my list. Drummond (late of Forfar), who
is in a more fertiltcourstry, will, I hope, produce a pretty complete
Barra of that gustier. He is most zealous, and for two summers

will direct his attention solely to that end. Although this season
' ,pas been remarkably line, and the fall unusually late, vegetation
ceased with as in the end of August, and we have still eight months
of winter to come. In the remaining two mouths of the year all
,our collections must be made."
We have been favoured with the sight of a letter,
dated Fort Franklin, February last, from Dr. RICHARD-
arm to a friend, being nearly four months later than the
above, and of which the following is an extract :
" Fort Franklin, Great Bear Lake, Feb. 1826.
" After remaining as long at New York, as our desire
to commence our journey would permit, we proceeded
W Lake Ontario, crossed it to York, the capital of Upper
Canada, and from thence travelled by land and water,
in. carts and in boats, to Penetanguishene, a naval depot
in Lake Huron--here we embarked in two canoes,
■tanned by 24 Canadian voyageurs; our party previously

consisting off ve officers and four latrines; and, coasting
Lakes Huron and Superior, arrived at Fort W illiam, a
post belonging to the Hudson Bay Company, on the 10,11
of May, 1825. At this place the expedition embarked in
four small canoes adapted for the navigation of small
rivers, and proceeding in two divisions by the Lake of
the Woods, Rainy Lake, Lake Winifrey, and the River
Saskatchew, came to Cumberland House, where the
seamen attached to it, and who had been sent out
with three boats, passed the winter. We arrived
at Cumberland House on the 15th of June, twelve
days after our seamen had resumed their voyage for
this summer, and losing no time in following them,
we overtook them on the 291 of the same month, near
the height of land which separates the rivers flowing
towards Hudson's Bay, from those which fall into the
Arctic Sea ; our progress after this was more slow, from
the accumulation of our stores and provisions, which
we had been picking up at the different trading posts
on our route; the different portages detained us consi-
derably, as the crews had to make five or six, and when
the boats were carried seven or eight trips across.
blethy, the longest portage on the route, is about 13
miles statute, in length, and occupied us seven days.
We arrived at the Like of the Hills on the 15th July,
at Slave Lake on the 26th, and entered Mackenzie's
River on the 31st. On the 3d of August we arrived at
Fort Simpson, situated at the junction of the River of
the Mountains with the Mackenzie. Un the 6th came
to Fort Norman, another of the Company's posts, situate
on the Mackenzie about 200 miles further down; on
the 7th entered Bear Lake River, and on the 10th arrived
at this place, which we have since named after our
Commanding Officer : Mr. Back arrived next day with
the detachment of canoes under his charge, Captain
Franklin and Mr. Kendall having descended the river
to the sea in a boat with six seamen and an Esquimau'
interpreter. They came to the mouth of the river six
dirt after leaving Fort Norman, having passed the last
of the Company's posts about half way. From Garry's
Island lying twenty-eight or thirty miles to seaward of
the river's mouth, they had a wide prospect of salt
water free from ice, and abounding in seals and white
whales. This was a cheering prospect : after remaining
a day on the island to ascertain by astronomical obser-
vation its position, and which ther found to be lat.
69 deg. 29 min. north, long. 135 deg. 41 min. west, they
reascended the river and joined us here on the 6th of
September. The expedition up to this latter date, had
travelled from New York five thousand one hunched
and sixty miles, or from Penetanguishene, the outpost
of Canadian settlements, about four thousand four hun-
dred and forty-four miles from the 23d of April.
" Captain Franklin was very desirous of opening a
communication with the Esquimau: at the mouth of,
Mackenzie's River, but did not see any of them. He
left, however, presents of iron work at several encamp-
ments, which Appeared to he of recent erection, nnd we
have the satisfaction since the commencement of winter
of learnini through the medium of an adjoining tribe,
that they neceived them, and are desirous of evincing
their gratitude by receiving us kindly next season."

A Flanders mail bas brought us Hamburg]) Pipers
to the 4th inst. and accounts from St. Petersburgh to the
Bth September. The differences with Persia are not even
alluded to in these Papers. The following are extracts :

IF

N• . •
< •
?request. hvrtsai could say
more remarkable for chastity
siekat is worse, theibliabits are p
do not topsider the want of it a:
all that, this defect of chastity al
is hnoiaa not seem. That open pi
