never witnessed such a furious engagement. From
the imperfect information we have received, it
would appear, that in consequence of the great mul-
titude of the enemy, which continued like an over-
bearing torrent to pour down on the devoted Poles,
the Generalissimo gave the signal for retreating;
nut without having made the Russians pay dear for
the advantage they had obtained. Indeed it has been
reported, but I know not with what truth, that the
number killed on the side of the Russians was greater
than on the side of the Poles. No prisoners were
taken during the battle, and the number of the
dead on both sides amounted to 20,000. It is
stated in some accounts that the Poles had only
4,000 men killed, among whom were General Kicki
and Kamienski, Col. Goyenski, and several other
officers. Among the wounded were Generals Bozus-
lowski, Pac, Skrzvnski, Malachowski, and a great
many other staff officers. It is no doubt difficult, until
the arrival of more ample information, to form a
confident opinion on this subject; but the sudden
retreat of the Generalissimo, who on the 27th bad
transferred his head-quarters to Pultusk, and on the
following day to Praga, does not augur well for the
Polish cause. The Russian troops have re-entered
Ostrolenka, and the Polish General Gielgud is, in
consequence of these movements, cut off from the
main army. Thus, by one of those great vicissi-
tudes so common in human affairs, are the Poles,
who only a few days ago were driving before them
the troops of the Autocrat, and bad forced them to
abandon their frontiers, preparing again to defend
the walls of their capital. It is a subject of regret
to many that Skrynecki should have accepted battle
I against the whole forces of Diebitsch, when he
might have inflicted great injury on the enemy, well
aware of his perilous position, without the risk of a
general engagement. But in the absence of more
accurate information, this opinion must not be re-
lied upon, and may, perhaps, be the offspring of
disappointment.
BERLIN, MAY 29.—1 announced to you in my
i last letter the rapid retreat of the Russian Guards,
and the entry of the Polish troops into Ostrolenka.
The latter soon proceeded farther, and on the morn-
ing of the 20th of May, General Gielgud took
Ipossession of Lomza, shortly after General Jon-
kowski had entered Sniadow. On the approach of
the Poles, the Russian corps under Gen. Sacken
had abandoned the town, and withdrawn to Sta-
wiski, leaving, without firing a shot, the fortifica-
tions at Lomza, the erection of whhich had cost so
much labour, to protect the Polish troops in their
new acquisition. More than a thousand prisoners
were found in this town, the greatest part of whom
were either sick or wounded, as well as a depot of
arms, money, articles of war, and a great quantity
of provisions. No sooner had General Gielgud
taken possession of Lomza, than the Generalissimo,
who had directed all the operations against the
guards, endeavoured, by advancing suddenly on
the road to Tykocin, to intercept the eight of the
Russian column, or to force the enemy to come to
an engagement. The Russians, however, advanced
with uncommon speed, and they were but at a short
distance from Kicki, when their rear guard was
attacked by the Polish General. An adjoining
wood seemed well adapted to favour their retreat,
but was insufficient to screen them from the va-
lour of the Poles. They were soon forced to
abandon their position with very great loss ; a
whole Russian battalion was completely dispersed,
and the Poles themselves, although victorious, lost
' 150 men. On the 21st, at break of day, the
Generalissimo marched on to Tykocin, and upon
approaching it he gave orders to the French Col.
(Langerniann) to make an immediate attack on the
town and on the bridge leading over to the right
' side of the Narew. The Colonel, at the head of
300 men, supported by a detachment of the 2d
regiment of chasseurs, conducted the attack with
much courage, and having had his horse killed
under him, he rushed on, nevertheless, on foot,
sword in hand, and was the first to throw himself
on the bridge. The Russians were unable to resist
the impetuosity of the assailants, by whom
they were so closely pursued, that they were
unable, in their retreat, to destroy the three
principal bridges over the Narew. Supported
by their artillery and chasseurs, they were
enabled to keep up their defence on the last bridge
until evening ; but during the night they were
obliged to abandon even this last position. The
Poles have taken, within the last ten days, in the
different encounters which have taken place, up-
wards of 600 prisoners from the Guards, indepen-
dent of those taken at Lomza; and have finally
compelled them to retire beyond the frontiers of the
kingdom of Poland. On the 21st, General Die-
bitsch, having left Siedlec, passed the Bug, near
Granna ; he then advanced against the corps un-
der General Lubienaki, stationed near Nur, and
consisting of some thousand men, and surrounded
him in the night. The Russian Quarter-Master,
j General Neidhardt, summoned Lubienaki to sur-
render, as he was evidently deprived, by the supe-
rior number of troops around him, of every means
of retreating. Lubienaki answered that every way
was open to Polish bayonets, and, commencing im-
j mediately an attack on the nearest column of the
enemy, he soon re-established his communica-
tions with the armyt Some Polish detachments
have advanced between Ciechanowiec and Suroz,
against the detachments of Gen. Diebitsch's corps,
• which are passing over the Bug in great haste, in
order to join the Guards on the other side of Bia-
lystock. In fact, the Russian Guards have retired
on all sides with precipitation. The Polish detach-
; ments all along the Bug have advanced beyond the
frontiers of the present kingdom, and at Ciechano-
' wiec they found considerable magazines of corn and
forage. The Russians are also withdrawing from
the district of Podlachia. General Uminski took
Siedlec on tho evening of the 23d, and a part of
his cavalry pursued the enemy towards Miendz-
grzecz. On the whole, the loss of the Russians,
and of the Guards in particular, must prove fatal
to them at this moment, unless they be able, by
some sudden movement, to retrieve their long
declining fortune. The great, and indeed extra-
ordinary change, which has taken place in the
state of Polish affairs, has also operated very power-
fully on public opinion in this city. When the
chief of the invading army poured 200,000 men
into the emaciated bosom of Poland,—when the
300 cannons of Grochow had resounded through-
out Europe,—few were found sanguine enough to
entertain the hope that Poland could even for two
months sustain the whole weight of the northern
Colossus, But the event has shewn at least the
exaggeration of such apprehensions, and if at
Grochow and Wawer the Poles have proved that
they could resist superior fonts, they have proved

at Demby and at Iganiec that they knew also how
to annihilate them. The whole country from Sled-
lec to Tykocin has been freed by their late exer-
tions from the ravages of the enemy ; and what-
ever may be the ultimate fate of this magnanimous
people, it must be admitted by all parties that they
have already done enough to entitle them to the
unbounded admiration of posterity.

GIBRALTAR, MAY 18.—I am sorry to inform
you, that there is nothing but persecutions to be met with
from the English authorities of this impregnable rock, where
we expected, out of humanity's sake, to have found an asylum
from the tyrant Ferdinand end his revengeful Captain-Ge-
neral ; but, to their disgrace,' every means are adopted by
them to deliver us up to our blood-thirsty foes; vessels, and
even private dwellings are searched in the most rigid
manner, and the name of a Constitutional appears
to them mach worse than that of a common mur-
derer. Torrijos, Quiroga, Calderon, and other chiefs,
have fortunately escaped their treachery and researches,
and all those who can, are now seeking an asylum
and protection at Algiers, where no doubt the French will
receive them as men who have been fighting to rescue their
country from tyranny ought to be received, which, unfor-
tunately, has been denied us here, for in Europe there ap-
pears nothing but persecution to be met with if a man has
liberal ideas, as he must be • slave or considered as a traitor ;
but the day will come (notwithstanding the treatment we
have experienced from General Don, who is a complete
old woman, entirely influenced by Ferdii.and's emissa-
ries,) when the banner of liberty will once more wave in
tyrannised Spain. There is still • patriotic Mina (at
Bordeaux), a Quiroga, and a Torrijos, watching a favourable
opportunity to Testae their degraded country from slavery
and bigotry, for liberty must and will ultimately triumph,
not only in Spain but in Portugal, where the despot Miguel
is now trembling with fear in his Palace of Queluz ; for,
when a Monarch will not govern his subjtcts with equity
and free institutions, his throne is only maintained by dread
and force, and the people at the first opportunity will throw
off the yoke. Unfortunately fur freedom, the Priesthood
(who, as a matter of course, are the staunch supporters of
tyranny) hare too much power over the minds of the igno-
rant, added to a want of courage on the part of the people,
that it is likely they may yet remain for a time in their dis-
graceful bondage. Liberia: ola Moot* !"
BARCELONA, MAY 20.—A number of the most
respectable inhabitants of this town were directed to leave
the province of Catalonia within four and twenty hours. The
only crime alleged against them was their frequenting a
coffee-bouse which had (for it was closed the other day)
the character of being kept by a Liberal. The inhabitants
of this town have not only to complain of the excessive ri.
gour of the Conde de Espana's government, but of the inso.
lence of the Guards quartered here, who, sure to meet an in..
dulgent ear should any complaints be lodged against them,
heap with low abuse the young civilian., who, on their part,
are deterred from seeking redress in the manner a false code
of honour points out to • gentleman, because they know
the full rigour of the laws would be carried into execution
against them, while their more fortunate antagonists would
be spared. I know no lot I would not prefer to that of a
Spaniard forced to reside in this town. Ile never can lay
his head on his pillow without the dread of being awoke
from his sleep, torn from his family and friends, and hurried
to a dungeon. Individuals of the highest rank and station
endeavour, with the same avidity as in other countries you
see persons seek after places of emolument, to have them-
selves attached in minor capacities to the foreign consuls:
offices here, in order to enjoy that protection which, as Spa-
niards, is denied them. Commerce and the manufacturing
interests are at a perfect stand.

By the Good Intent, M‘ Donald, arrived off Cork
Harbour from Terceira, we have advises from that island to
17th May. On the 9th of April the Regency laid an em-
bargo
on the British shipping In Angra, and on the 17th
BEO troops, with four field pieces and molt/riff, were em-
barked on board six schooners, only two of which belonged
to the Goverment, the remainder being the British schooners
Maria, of Plymouth ; Rose. of Jersey; Duchess of Glou-
cester, and the Coquette, of London. The three former were
freighted by the Government, and the Coquette, just ar.
rived with a cargo from Liverpool, being refused on the
same terms, was taken possession of. The troops were
landed at Pico, having lost nearly all their boats, and
the Coquette was wrecked at Terceira, on the 30th day
of April. A Brazilian vessel was sent into Angra by
the Maria. The English brig Alexander, front Bahia,
for Hamburg, touched there on the 11th of April fir
refreshments, and was brought forcibly into the bay and
detained under the forts, whilst a French ship from Havre
was supplied and allowed to proceed. These outrages on
the British flag had caused a great sensation on the is-
land, and given alarm to the British subjects for their
persons and property, particularly as a bad feeling had
shown itself in the garrison against them. The expedition
left Pico, and took possession of the island of St. George
on the Bth May. They met with a feeble resistance, but
slaughtered about 300 of the troops and inhabitants, and sent
about 100 prisoners to Angra by the Duchess of Gloucester.
On the 14th and Ilith of May about 200 additional troops
embarked at Angra for St. George's, whence they Intended
to make a descent on Fayal (the original object of the
attack), where the garrison, it la said, offered to surrender
on being allowed to evacuate the island. A contribution of
40,000 milreas (about 7,0001.) had been levied off the In.
habitants of Angra, the garrison being seven months in
arrear. The embargo was only taken off the day the Goad
Intent sailed. Several cargoes of oranges bad decayed in
consequence of the detention.—Cork Reporter.
There was a further decline in the rate of ex-
change upon Amsterdam and Paris yesterday afternoon; the
former closing at only 11 1 to le, and the latter at from 25
37e to 25 40. The exchange on Hamburg, on the contrary,
improved to 13 lle to 13 114, which is front to j per cent.
higher than on last post day.

From the agent to Lloyd's at Hamburg, dated
the 2d instant :—" A vessel arrived yesterday at Lubeck
from Riga, which she left on the 27th ult. and Bolderau on
the 211th ; the cholera morbus had sheen itself there six
days previously, and 1( of the lower classes had died of it.
The Foreign Consul had for two days previous to the ves-
sel's departure, reused to grant bills of health. The intel-
ligence had been communicated to St. Petersburg, and every
precaution adopted by the Magistrates of Riga, to prevent
the spread of this disorder. The vessel had been put under
strict quarantine, and the passengers, 17 in number, who
had landed, were sent on board again ; but they and the
crew were in perfect health."

New York papers to the 10th ult. reached us
last night. They contain accounts from Vera Cruz to the
11th, and from the capital of Mexico of the sth, of April.
They represent the country as being in a comparatively tran-
quil state. The Treaty with the United States, which has
been a long time under consideration, has received its final
ratification by the Mexican Government. It is mentioned
in these accounts, that the Governor of Cubs has been au-
thorized, by the ing of Spain, to open a negociation for a
renewal of the intercourse of trade between Cuba and Mexico.
A bill has passed the Legislature of the State of New York,
for the abolition of imprisonment for debt. No new cabinet
had been organized at Washington since the breaking up of
the old one, the only appointment made being that of Mr.
Livingstone, as Secretary of State.
- -

M.l D m £ NI A n s.—Th is lady is still living at
Revel in Russia. On the celebration of her 82d birth-day
lately, between 70 and 80 of the most distinguished indi-
viduals of the town and its neighbourhood, collected to re-
ceive her on the occasion of a public banquet given to the
ci-devant cantatrice. The pleasures of the delightful
scene were greatly enhanced b 7 the performance of an
Ode, written by Ooethe, in which he retraced the enthu-
siasm produced by her first appearance in Metastasio's
Oratorio, " S. Elena ai Calvarlo," in the year 1771, when
Ooethe heard her for the first time. She was then plain
Mademoiselle Schmeling, and he a stripling student of 22.
The ode was set for four toices by Hummel ; but before It
was performed, she received a finely-embellished copy of it
from a daughter of Kotzebue. After the banquet, a public
concert was given in the evening, and of this Madame Mars
was again the delightful pima 11011/1111. The two compost.
Lions were repeated with increand (feet Worts a crowded au-
dime,: by 1.41. e cf her 0.0 poi il. and flit:Mb@
