LONDON.

FRI DAY,
PRICE OF STOCKS
Fink Stock shut
4 per Cent. Red. shut
3 per Ct. Cons. 92 11 21
3e per Ct. 1818, shut
Si per Cr. Red. shut
4 per Cent. 1021 3
4 per Ct. 1826, shut
Long Ann. shut
Do. 30 Years, shut

MARCH 12. .
AT TWO O'CLOCK.
Do. Do. Jul.& Jan.l9 1-16th
India Bonds 77
New Annuities
£lOOO Exch.Bilis 77 6
£5OO Ditto 77 6
£lOO and £2OO Do. 77 6
Advertised,
India for Acct. 238
Cons. for Ace. 92a 9 i

Some further accounts of the events which have taken
pace in Venezuela will be found under our South
American head. However much the divisions which

unhappily prevail in the New World are to be deplored,
we repeat that they are the inevitable result of the
wretched system of Government adopted by Spain in the
management of her old Colonies—thus furnishing another
striking proof of the evils entailed on society by tyranny
and despotism. When the facility with which our own
Colonies of North America settled into freedom and inde-

pendence is contrasted with what has occurred among the
infant republics of the Southern Hemisphere, there is at
once cause for triumph and a powerful philosophic argu-
ment in favour of liberal institutions and social guarantees.
With respect to Columbia and Mexico, by far the most
important sections of the new world, we do not for a
moment doubt that those elements of greatness and pros-

parity which they possess in so pre-eminent a degree,
will be developed in due time. They are now, like those
States which have gone before them, passing through the
gradations which have, in all ages, accompanied a tran-
sition from slavery to freedom. Since it seems to be the
wish of the Venezuelans to separate themselves from the
system established by the LIBERATOR, we trust the
event may pass without bloodshed, and that men will be
found capable of assuming the reins of the new Govern-

ments with firmness and effect. We call the particular
attention of our readers to the letter addressed to PA Et
by the LIBERATOR. The noble character of Botiv R,
and those generous sentiments which have ever distin-

guished him, breathe in every line. It is a reply and re-
futation of all the calumnies so industriously circulated

against this great man, and benefactor of his country,
whose treatment affords a fresh instance of the folly and
ingratitude of mankind.

There is no exaggeration in in asserting that the debate
of Wednesday night on the motion of Lord PAL-
MERSTON, for papers relative to our negociations with
Portugal, was by far the most important which has ever
taken place on the subject. It has, indeed, left nothing
to desire on the part of those who feel any interest in the
question at issue. It only requires a cursory glance at
the debate, to be convinced that nothing could be more
decisive than the triumph of the Noble mover and his
friends. It would be impossible to do justice by any
analysis we could give to the talents displayed, and truly
English sentiments expressed, by speakers who sup-
ported the motion. They will, like ourselves, derive
infinite consolation, at this period of difficulty
and distress, from the reflection that while the foreign
policy of Ministers has done such incalculable mischief
to the best interests of the country, there are still
some men within the walls of Parliament, not in-
sensible to our degradation in the eyes of foreign
states, nor without anxiety to apply a remedy. The
speech of Lord PALMERSTON abounds in facts and argu-
ments which must convince the most incredulous, that it
is to the policy of Ministers alone, the Portuguese nation
is indebted for the destruction of the charter, and usurpa-
tion of MIGUEL. This fact, so disgraceful to the na-
tional character of England, so injurious to her political
and commercial interests, was still farther corroborated
by those who followed on the same side. If disposed to
make a distinction where all acquitted themselves so well,
we should point to the speech of Mr. Huse tssox
as a model of excellence, whether as regards
the line of argument adopted by the speaker, or
the liberal sentiments which it breathes. There
is one feature in this memorable debate, which ought not
to pass without notice. Instead of attempting to mix up
the question with any personal feelings against Ministers,
the speakers relied altogether on the strength of argu-
ment derived from undeniable facts. It is imams to say

how powerfully such a course was calculated to operate
on the House and the public. So far as the House is con-
cerned, it may be seen in the number who voted for the
production of papers. Indeed, when the composition of
the Honourable House is taken into the account, we
may safely hail the minority of Wednesday night
as a virtual majority. Whatever course Ministers
may pursue, we congratulate the Portuguese patriots,
and the frionsis of justice generally, on the result. To
the noble mover, the best thanks of his country are due.
However much she may have suffered from the change
which threw Lord PALMERSTON out of office, it is very
doubtful, whether he would ever have displayed those
high talents and exalted sentiments, as Secretary at War,
which have now placed him in the first rank of her states-
men and patriots.

As we anticipated, the public meeting of Monday last
has excited great dudgeon on the part of those who are
anxious to preserve " things as they are." After having
been treated with silent contempt for some days, a violent
tirade appeared in the soi-disant ministerial organ of last
night, and has been copied into a morning paper of to-
day, not less devoted to the ministry. Without entering
into a detailed reply to the vulgar ribaldry which per-
vades the article in question, we shall merely say, on
somewhat better authority than the writer, that the pa-
triotic member for Clare never made use of the
words attributed to him by the treasury scribe. He did
not say that " every body should be represented." His
words were, that all those who paid Taxes ought to have
a voice in returning Members. "It is not bullocks, nor
sheep, nor insensate acres," added Mr. O'Cow I; ILL,
" that ought to be repiesented ; but the PEOPLE."—
The writer labours to prove that there was bad taste in
the whole speech. We can only say, that so far as the
loudest plaudits and most flattering reception we ever
witnessed of any public man, went, there never was a more
unequivocal proof of triumphant success. To this suc-
cess, and the orderly character of the meeting, we have
no hesitation in ascribing the silence of the Times and
the virulence of the Courier.

The resignation of Mr. CON VMS yesterday, settled
—at least for this Parliament—the fate of the county of

Essex. As the House of Commons is at present con•

stituted, we do not know that it signifies one straw,
looking at the corruption which sits there in the aggr

gate—whether one pure Member, more or lees, find his
way within its abandoned walls : but we do not feel the less
the particular degradation of Essex, to have been betrayed
--as it undoubtedly has been—into the return of such ,
a man, as he who was chaired yesterday by the servile.
of Chelmsford. Regarded in that light—but in that light
only—the retirement of Mr. Lowo WELLESLEY has
certainly left the county in a painful and humiliating
predicament. Had he continued the contest, there is no
doubt he would have been returned. He possessed—

not less in himself than in those around him—all
the " means and appliances" of success, and his
withdrawment, if we understand it rightly, was
as mistaken as it was precipitate. Why, look at Con-
YEW! now: if—as it is affirmed—he insisted upon
WELLESLEY'S retirement, because of some pledge which
that Honourable Candidate was supposed to have made
him at Copt Hall, how will he—Mr. COWYERS-rjustify
his own abandonment of the county, which he induced
Mr. WELLESLEY to relinquish, on the distinct under-*
standing that the poll against Colonel Bits mwrow was to
be kept open to the latest hour allowed by the law? After
exacting from WELLESLEY such a sacrifice as that, what I
has the 'SQUIRE of Copt Hall to urge, in defence of his
own secession four days afterwards ? Financial white-fea-
therisni—we see plainly—overtook both these candi-
dates: with this difference, however, that Mr. CON TERI
thought that he might buy the county too dear, whit
Mr. WELLESLEY only doubted the sufficiency of that
purchase-money with which he came provided.
Thus, then, has the County of Essex been twice be.
trayed in one election, and sold to the devil at last. The
new member is the most obsequious and compliant crea-
ture of the ministry ; and though it does not matter one
brass farthing—as we said above—whether Messer's.
PEEL and Co. have five hundred tools, or five hun-
hundred and one to work with, still it is not less mortify-
ing to the pride of a great community like Essex, to see
that supernumerary satellite take his place, as if
delegated by their free suffrages to swell the ranks of,
political prostitution. There is no doubt—we again assert
it--that, had WELLESLEY maintained the contest, he
would have beat both BRA stsTon and CON YERS hollow:
and if he try it again at the next general election, and
we trust he will, his success is certain. Such a
declaration of principles, as that which he put forth
at starting, would almost alone ensure him victory—and
it ought to do so, for we have few public men intrepid
enough to make such avowals and such pledges: but he
must know his own mind, before he commences to can-
vass the county afresh, and—above all—he must neither
flinch nor vacillate.

The Paris Journals of Wednesday have just been re-
ceived. The Moniteur, in its official department, con-
tains the Address of the Chamber of Peers, in reply to
the Speech from the Throne, which we shall give to-
morrow.

The Princess Augusta visited the Duke of Sussex yes-
terday, at his apartments in the King's Palace, at Ken-
sington. His Royal Highness has been slightly indis-
posed for some time past. The Princess partook of a
defame with her Royal brother.
The Austrian Ambassador had a conference yesterday
with the Duke of Wellington at the Treasury.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the
Foreign Office, which was attended by the Lord Chan-
cellor, the Duke of Wellington, Earls Bathurst sad
Aberdeen; Viscount Melville, Lord Ellenborough, Mr.
Secretary Peel, Sir George Murray, the Chancellor of
' the Exchequer, and Mr. Harries. The Earl of Roselyn
joined his colleagues about half an hour after they had
assembled, having been attending a Committee of the
House of Lords. The Cbuncil broke up soon after four
o'clock.
