IMPERIAL PARLIAMFNT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FEB. 28.
Sir J. GRAHAM and other Members from the Commons brought up
the 12,000.00 U Exchequer Bills Bill, and several private Bills.
Mr. H. Davis brought up the Bristol Poor Bill.
A message was also delivered, requesting their lordship.% to permit the
Duke of Richmond to attend a Select Committee of the House of Com.
mons, toe the purpose of giving evidence.
The LORD CHANCELLOR Informed the Messengers that his
Grace the Duke of Richmond had permission to attend the said Com-
mittee if so disposed.

RZTORM.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a number of petitions for Parlia-
mentary Reform, one was from Marlborough, and one from Leicester,
for ballot.

Earl SPENCER presented petitions to the same effect, from Berk-
shire.

Lord DURHAM presented petitions from the County and City of
Durham, and one front the parish of St. John, Southwark.
Lord DIORLEY presented a petition from Plymouth, praying for
reform. The petitioners stated that the Inhabitants of their town con.
slated of 7,000 persons, and out of that number 200 only had votes for
the election of Members of Parliament.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE presented a petition from Waterford
for Parliamentary Retorm.
The LORI) CHANCELLOR said he had a number of petitions to
present, praying for Parliamentary Reform One was from the county
of Devon, which required more than ordinary attention. The peti-
tioners said they adhered to the principles of the Constitution in its
original purity, and earnestly prayed of their Lordships at all events to
secure a more adequate representation of the people in Parliament, and
that they would shut that door which was now too wide open to
corruption. lie was convinced their Lordships were sensible that a
change in the mode of representation was now necessary. He should
think the person who could assert that the present representation worked
well, qualified for a lunatic asylum. The noble and 'emitted lord also
presented a petition from the rate.paycrs of Liverpool, praying for •
system of election by ballot, and took the opportunity of making a few
observations on that specific point. It had been said he differed in
opinion upon the subject of ballot, and treated with contempt the feel.
ings of the people. His opinions on the subject had been long known ;
but he never could treat with disrespect the petitions of the people. He
should always treat petitioners with deference and respect. The noble
and learned lord was prepared to argue, at the proper time, that election
by ballot would not produce the effect expected.
Petitions .o the same effect were then presented from Tregony, Dun.
bar, Jedburgh, Londonderry, Banff, Dumfries, Kilmarnock, Kircud-
bright, Wigtoun, Blackburn, and heeds.
Lord CAW DOR presented a petition from Carmarthen for parlia-
mentary reform.
Earl GREY presented petitions for reform in parliament from Vas
bridge, Leith. Lanark, Wexford, and Kilkenny.
Lim' KING presented petitions to the same effect from Great and
Little Bolton (and for ballot,) Selkirk, Bannock-burn, Northampton,
Redfern, Leslie, Barnstaple, and one from Brighton.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented a counter-petition from
Brighton.

NSW 'truce.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented a petition from the parishioners
of St. George'e, Hanover-square, complaining of the expenses of the
New Police in that parish, which the noble lord trusted government
would take under its consideration.
Lord MELBOURNE observed that an efficient force could not be
kept up in a large parish like the one referred to by the noble lord,who
he was glad to find did not complain of the new police. Every exer-
tion would be used by his Majesty's ministers to reduce expense as
much as possible.
Lord }.LLENBOROUGH considered the. parish of St. George had
great grievances to complain of.
Petitions were presented by the Bishop of Chester from Wigan,
Stockport, Manchester, and several other places, against slavery ; by
the Duke of Devonshire, from Waterford, Armagh, and Bellchurch, in
favour of parliamentary reform ; and by the Marquis of Londondeny,
from Sunderland, complaining of the proposed new duty on small coals
exported, and praying that the proposed measures may not take effect.
(In consequence of some Irregularity, the noble marquis withdrew the
petition.)

.111 VAN Rivas.

Lord TEYNHAM askedWceitwaa the intention of the noble
lord to place on the table the papers relating to the state of the Swan
River Colony.
Lord GODERICH said the papers relating TO the Swan River Set-
tlement would be laid before the House, and his lordship had no doubt
they would satisfy the public there was no foundation for the rumours
respecting the supposed desperate state of the colony.
