GERMAN FLU PE.

• DIXON'S ANT IBtLIOUS PILLS.
To Mr. DIXON, Apothecary.
SIR—T take the earliest opportunity to acquaint
you that I have received the most. wonderful benefit from
the use of your DIXON'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, which I car-
ried with me to Jamaica, and all those friends to whom I distrt-
Suted them have experienced the same salutary benefit; they &-
dare them to be the best Medicine ever used in that country, for
Bilious 'and other complaints. The tollowing are names of seve-
ral Ladies and Gentlemen who have received the utmost cad
from your Dlxen's Antibilious Pills:—CharlesTyrlor, Esq. Ja-
maica; William Shaw, Esq. Kingston, ditto; Mr. Woodriff,
Spanish 'Town, ditto; G. W. Hamilton, Esq. Savanna la Mar,
ditto; J. Smith, Esq. Old Harbour, ditto; Aliston, Esq.
; Mr, Walker, Port Morant ,ditto ; J. Penlinson, Esq. San
River, dirt); Mr. Mullen., ditto; J. Burn, Esq. Savanna; G. P.
Polack, Esq. ditto; Mrs. Oliver Goldsmith, Kingston, ditto;
Mrs. Perry. St. Ann's; Mrs. Woodriff, Spanish Town; with
many ocher persons of the first respectability.—Sir, your most
obedient servant, THOMAS HARROLD, of the Ship Ganges.
Sold wholesale and retail at Mr. Butler's, 4, Cheapside, Corner
' of St. Paul's Church-Yard ; by Sharp and Belays, Poitsmouth;
Jones, Weston, Allnutt, and Mallory, Portsta ; Hall and John
son, Gosport; Coleman and Jacob, Sheerness; Peck and Ross,
ant'lurner, Hull ; He:land, Cooltworthy, Nettleton and Gil-
bert, Plymouth ; Knott and Lloyd, and Swinney• and Co. Bir-
mingham t Staines and Lynch, Manchester: Trewinan, Exeter;
Baxter and M`L?onald, Glasgow ; Buigen and Barry, Bristol; Ste-
venson and Co. Norwich; Swiuten, Leicester; Edwards and
Penny, and Billinge and Lai hbut y, Liverpool ; Neale and Ledger,
Dover ; White, Brighton ; Roberts, Seldon, and Ruff, Chelteo-
ham; and retail by most Country Medicine Venders, In boxes
at 24 91. and Hs. each.

This day was publi4hed, price 7s 14. the Eleventh Edition of
Mr RAGG's Improved FLUTE Pit ECE PTO R
or, the Whole Art of Playing the German Flute ren- '
dered easy to every Capacity, on Principles eirirely new.
"1 he CONTENTS are :—A copiasis Set of Instructions; a Set
of Progressive Lessons; Stxry•f>ur orig:nal Duets, in various
Keys, each of which is preceil.:il by an easy Prelulo, rsccompa-
nied with an Expla::atory Nose, by which the Pupil is progres-
sively conducted from the easiest to the most difficult Key; 20
Ariettes; 53 Scottish and other Aits; and a Set of Flourishes,
in Major And Minor Keys : the whole forming the most com-
plete and cheap Work of the kind elrant.
London: Printed for and sold by the Author, No. 17, Little
Knight Ritler.btreet, Doctors Commons.
6,6 No Look is genitive, except it is signed " J. Wrage in red
ink, in the 'lute and Address.

This day W4S published,
Embellished with a fine Portrait Mr. Bowyer, in one large
Volume 4tn. price £2, lea. ed. in Boards, the Fourth Edition,
enlarged and corrected, of
CRITICAL CONJECTURES and OBSERVA-
TIONS on the NEW TESTAMENT, colleited from va-
rious Authors, as well in regard to Words as Pointing: with the
Reasons on which both are founded. By WILLIAM BOW-
YER, F.S.A. ; Bp. BAUM:TON, Mr. MAILICLAND, Professor
SCHULTZ, Profes.nr Micmac ects, Dr. Owttr, Dr. Wotue, Dr.
Gossi:r-r, and Mr. W'xsrots. A Series of Conjectures from
Micuaz Lis, and a ::p.cimen of Notes on the Old Testament,
by Mr. Was ro:s, are added in an Appendix.
Printed for Nkhols, Son, and Bentley, Red ;.ion-passage,
Fleet.street.—Of whom may be lad.
Nichnis's Literary Anecdotes of the Eighteenth Century, with
Index, 7 vols. Sou. price ,C 7. 71.

_ .
This clay was rubdshe.i. In he large vol. Ivo. price IS& boards,
AN. Edition, being tbe Seventh, of the
EDINBURO H NEW DISPENSATORY ;
cotrmxima,
- -- •

t. The Elenonts of Pharmaceutical Chemistry.
2. The Alat•rria Meilica ; or the Natural, Pharmaceutical, and
Medical HiAtol of chi:different substances employed in Medicine.
The Pharmaceutical !'reparations and Compositions.
Includhij Transistions of the last Editions of the London,
Edin-
burgh, and Dublin Pitarniacopceiss; illustrated and ex;•lained in i
the language and ecurdiug to the principles of modern Chemistry.
With many new and useful Tables, and sevetal Copper-plates,
explaining the new system of Chesnut Characters, and repre-
denting the racist ugetul Pharmaceutical Apparatus.
By ANDREW DUNCAN, Jun. M.D.
Regius Prot-ewer 9t• Medical Juris,oudence hi the University
of Edinhtit gli, Fellow of tbe'Royal College of Physicians of Edin-
burgh, Sc.c. &c.
Printed tar Longman, Hurst, and Co. F. C. and J. Riviogton,
J. Murray, and T. Underwood, London; Bell and Bradfute,
, Edinburgh : and J. Cunning, Dublin.
hi this Edition the alterations and additions are very con-
' siderable. The epitome of Chemistry has been adapted to the
discoveries and opt:Mins of Sir Huniphry llavy, while throughout
the work the moat remarkable chemical pitzmimena are explain-
ed according to each of the prevailing theories of Chemistry, so
las to enable the student to understand both, and: estimate their
Comparative excellence. Many usetul tables have been added,
and especially those expressing the relative value of troy and
Avoirdupois weights,.will lac Axed to be more accurate than any
hitherto published.

DISCOURSE PRONOUNCED BY 'SENOR DON J. MIGUEL 0011.
DOA, PRESIDENT Or THE GENERAL ANDEXTILAORDI,-
' NARY CORTES ON THE LAST DAY 05"14tElli SEsSIONAI
serf. 14, 1815.
6s SF:NOR—Amid the acclamations of the most ge-
nerous people upon earth, these Gioural and Extra-
ordinary Cortes were installed, and now they come
to give thanks to GOD, the Author and Supreme Le.
gislator of Society, for having granted them to ar-
rive at the close of their labours, after haling laid
the center stones of the sumptuous edifice which is
about to be raised of the prosperity and glory (A- the
Spanith empire. Sunk in a disgracelul slumber,
humbled in the dust, rent and sold by her own chil-
dren, and despised and insulted by foreigners, depri-
ved of all her strength, and despoiled of her royal
robes, wretched and enslaved by the sovereign mis- .
tress of an hundred provinces, the Queen which gave
laws to the two worlds—what had become of her first
institutions? what of her laws, which contained im-
proved, the wisdom of all antiquity, and which ,
served as a model for the codes. of modern nations ?
What had-become of her ancient liberties and privi-
leges ? What of her valour, her constancy, and the
severity of her virtues ? The very weight of her
grandeur, the power of her haughty. kings, which
continually, although slowly,' extended its limits, the
ambition of the powerful, the corruption .of manners
produced by riches, all contributed to cause the laws
to be forgotten and contemned, and to produce the
moral dissolution of the State. Then Kings, misled
by evil advisers, committed every innovation on the
liberties of the people ; none were forward to resist
them, and to complain was considered as a Crime
against the State. Even in our days, and under
our eyes, a sacrilegious hand dared to touch
and tear away the sacred deposit of the alliance of
the people with the Prince. In this deplorable sitto;
tion only those who could sleep in their chains did
not perceive the evils which so nearly threatened us.
But those in whom the noble Spanish pride was not
yet extinguished—those who had for years mourned-
in secret the fate of their country, saw that a fortu-
nate tyrant had *substituted the law of the sword for
the law of nations. The desolating irruption of our
perfidious neighbours was an event inevitable, froth
their strength and our weakness, from their collier
tion and our degradation. The people op,iressed by
foreign force and by domestic despctism, cried out at
once for liberty and fur the laws. Torrents of blood
flowed on every.side, and our peijured enemies ex-
tended their cons ueits--ephemerai Governors sus
ceeded each other, and the condition of the people
was not amended. The common misery then united
all minds and all wishes inane, and this general wish
was for the Cortes. Tile Cortes then appeared, ns
the only anchor which could save the vessel at the
State in Ole midst of the pesilous storm. The Cotte.;,
in fine, were instail-d, nosh, touter the osuspices
of DiviNe PROViDLACK, had the happy tratisfactiews •
of bestowing on the people what they so anxiously
asked-.laws and liberty. To attain this end the
Cortes encountered and overcame difficulties of every
kind, which must have proved insopportahle to all
who had been animated by less love to their country,
less firmness in resisting its enemies, and less con-
stancy in adversity. The Tyrant of the Continent
had then subjugated the whole of it, and it alladmi-
nistered to his ambition, except the virtuous and cot*.
sum Spanish nation. The Emptror of Russia, either
tranquil in the knowledge of his power, ot his noble
and candid soul deceived by the probable advantages
of neutrality, or what may be more. easily believed,
not being informed with the extraordinary events of
the Peninsula, did nothing for the general indepen-
dence, nor for its own threatened independence.—
Austria, who, through necessity, had, a short time
before, formed, with the ioarbo iim who had invaded
and divided her at his pleasure, an alliance, so fatal
to the human race, which hr demanded, and demands
with more ardour in the present crisis, hastens to co-
operate in the work ot 'common liberty, in which, cons
jointly, power till nations act, and to clothe herself with
her ancient grandeur and dignity, by at once break-
ing the bonds which, without advantage or honour
to her, daily more confine her. Sweden and Russia
scarcely gave signs of political existence, and in ge-
neral the malevolent influence which reigns over the
French, to their opprobrium, and disgrace, sunk all
the Princes of Europe into lethargy,' or into slavery,
GUESTONIAN MEIIICINES. CASE vs. or into the most ominous indolence. The Ksng
READ AND INQUIRE, YOU CANNOT THEN FE Naples and Sicily was, as he now is, our ally and
A sCEPTIC. friend, but, despoiled of a great part of his people,
MR. JOHN BELL, No. 2, York-street, Black- land obliged to direct all his resources to preserve the
friars'-road, when servant to Messrs. Hodson, Brothers, ! interior and exterior tranquillity of his states, could
'
and Co. Oilmen, Upper Thames-st:eet, had a cask fell frOm a not lend us any aid which he himself wanted. Our
cart on his knee, April 4,1812, which rendered hint incapable of
riend Portug
who recommended him a plaister, al, involved in the same contest, raw
service, and he applied to Mr. Astley Cooper, as I am informed,
which was used agreeable to , her fate depend on our's, but was not in a condition
direction for one month, without success. Was then recommend= to attend to any other thing than the defence of her
ed.by Mr. Orme, Distiller, St. Margaret's-hill, Borough, to Surrey i own soil. Magnanimous England continued the of s ,
cacious and generous co-operation which she lent us
Dispensary, and attended there regularly for three months, with. •
out receiving any benefit : wes next admitted into St. Thomas's
Hospital, on crutches, and was imm••dinely ordered to bed, where from the beginning of the contest, but it was neither
he continued four Months, under tie care of Mr. Surgeon Cline, , sufficient to impede nor detain the torrent of destruc:
' •
jun. who diligently attended hint, and I du believe that he did all And who is he that
tion to the very gates of Cadiz.
which was possible for a Practitioner of the old School to accom-.:
can describe, without indi nation, and without tears,
piish, but without the Patient receiving any relief, being so sur-
g
rounded with lassitude, and contractions, as to be incapable of the situation of the country in 1810? This Orphan
walking hone on crotches, at same rime attended with extreme nation, disarmed and needy, was obliged to enter
pain ; yet no disgrace can attach to.
this Gentleman, this said Pa- into war without any other support than that of GOD,
tient having passed through the hands of Mr. A. C. who is un-
the protector of innocence and its own valour; but
doubtedly the best Cutting Surgeon in London.
A few months after.this, Mr. Dell having informed himself re-
the ways of PROVIDENCE are inscrutible, and men
opecting the Came (85) of his neighbour, Mr.Dowling, WAS taken cannot hasten events written in the Book ot Aunal
to Mr. Guests, not then being capable of walking alone, on Councils. I have often repeated it, and every good
I
crutches, with his knee and mule so contracted, that several gen- Spaniard should glory in repeating' it, we entered
tlemen who happened to be there v this time did belkve, with .
nto the contest without any of the resources .ne. .
Mr. Guest, that these joints were both ossified, but found them. !I
selves agreeably disappointed, for in one hour he couldanove USsary to support it, and let us admire the first
them a little, and walked home on crutches, without any other : fruits of it. But a general disorder, the consequence
assistance, his pains being completely relieved; and he was desi. : of a general and sudden change of things, extended
red to take exercise, even at the expence of a little pain. In ten
.10 ,
t an the branches ot the Administration; they ill
days he kit off one crutch ; in three weeks be declined the use of
both, and walked with a stick; at the end of seven weeks was employed the treasures which America supplied with
completely cured, being quite upright, and enabled to walk 44 a bountitul hand ; necessities increased, and the call
usual.—Witness thisßooks at the Dispensary, the Books of the of first enthusiasm, either tor want of being properly
Hospital, John Bell, and a thousand others in the Pariah of kept up, or following the tate ot the great, passions
Christchurch, where be resides. _
(Cm& 87, a•flibure Paper.) appeared to grow lukewarm mad weak, and 'be

.

Oren* which indignation also gave us. likewise be-
came debilitated. Misfortunes succeeded ' • the Van-
dal's pride increased, and notwithstanding the utmost
efforts of the free people, and that spirit . which pa-
triots. by their words and example, succeeded in in-
spiring, almost the Whole Peninsula. groaned under
• oppression, and prevented no other point of safety
than the faithful and opulent Cadiz, whose decided
love, respect and adhesion to the National Congress,
and to its decisions, rendered it always entitled to the I
gratitude of the Representatives of the Nation, and of
the Nation itself. But why should we conceal that at
that time there was no longer a safe asylum than this
enclosure, from whence was to issue, as in other times
issued from the Asturian Mountains, the liberty of
g pain. Then the Cones presented the grandest spectacle
ever seen in the world, of assembling, amid so many
dangers, to save the country, when they bad scarcely
more country than the ground on which they assem-
bled. 0 24th of September !—day for ever memo-
rable I Thou and the other, the first of our revolu-
tion, would alone .he sufficient to render our annals
immortal, and our latest posterity will read with equal
admiration and gratitude the bloody exploits of the
24 May, and the first pacific Session's of the Congress.
By the one we threw off a foreign yoke; by the other
a domestic yoke ; by the one we wrote with blood the
determination of revenging ourselves, or dying, and
already has this fruitful blood of the first martyrs pro-
duced those valiant men, who, crowned at the begin-
ning with Andalusian laurels, have just crowned them-
selves with other unfading ones in the Pyrennees, and
the banks of the llidassoa ; in the other, have been
made those laws which have reinstated us in due tights
which belong to us as free men and as Spaniards,,
To raise the nation from slavery to sovereignty to
distinguish,, divide the powers hitherto mixed and
confounded ; to acknowledge solemnly and cordially
the Apostolic and Catholic Religion as the only true
one, and that of the State ; to preserve to the Kings
all their dignity, giving to them unlimited powers to
do good ; to give to the press all the natural liberty
which the celestial gifts Of thought and speech should
• have ; to abolish the ancient gothic remains of the
feudal system ; to equal the rights and duties of Spa-
iniards of both worlds s those were the first steps of
the Cortes in their arduous and glorious career. and
those were the solid basis upon which were afterwards
raised the edifice of the Constitution, *the formes of
liberty. 0 Constitution ! 0 sweet name of liberty !
0 grandeur of the Spanish nation After the Cortes
bad bestowed upon us so many benefits, their in-
satiable thirst of doing good was not satisfied.—
They gave a new and moreconvenient form to the
trillunals of justice.—they settled the economical
Government of the. Provinces—they succeeded in
forming a military Constitution, and a plan of edu-
cation and instruction truly national for youth—
they organized the labyrinth of the finances--they
simplified the system of contributions, and what
cannot, nor ever will be heard without admiration,
is, that, in a period of the greatest poverty and dis-
tress, they maintained, or rather created public faith.
Allow me, while stating so memorable 'benefits, to
forget that I am a Deputy upon whom this glory in
part reflects. At this moment, I only recollect that
I am a citizen—that in whatever state or condition,
in whatever corner of the monarchy, under the sha-
dow of those laws I shall be free, and shall see my
fellovi-citizens free and happy. The individuals of
the Congress have proved themselves worthy of their
high post, not only by the cause which they have
directed to the national good, but likewise by the'
grave and circumspect conduct which they have ob-
seryed. The generous and unexampled disinteres-
tedness which they have evinced since that 'fortunate
SepteMber, with the most rigorous austerity, notwith-
standing the trials to which they were exposed, will
always make them be esteemed by good men. Male,
volence calls this virtue hypocrisy, or Affectation of ger
:affinity. Oh! would to 1-i-salves' that all, and especi.
ally those ingrates embracing the same system, might
contribute, Orrin gh rtffectation of generosity, or hypo-
crisy, a putt Coeir wealth towards the urgencies of
the country, or enlist themselves among its defender's.
This Corgress, the first which has been seen ainong
men, composed of individuals from the four parts of
the world, offers another point of view equally grand
and majestic. The venerable successors of the Apos-
tles, the Ministers of the Lord, the members of the
first class of the state, military men, magistrates, sim•
ple citizens, respectable and tranquil old age add
roLust youth, assembled day and night for the space
of three years, now give a singular example of all se-
parating in peace, all as friends. He who consider"
that so many questions, capable of exciting all the
great passions, have been agitated here; he who
en,,ws that by our anterior system they were obliged
to ie not only in contradiction to the interests of some
provinces, but also tb those of some classes ; he who
reflects on the multitude of ideas and 'projects uhich
some favour, because they believe them conducive to
that liberty for which we all eagerly pant, and others
oppose, because they fear they will lead us into tbatsla..
wpry which we all detest ; he who recollects with what.
•warmth zeal has been expressed in those august assem-
blies, presided over by the spirit of charity and meek-
ness, and. composed solely of persons in whom, fmen
their age, dignity, and ministry, virtue had become a
habit, and the force of the passions was mortified ; he
whoconsiders all the obstacles and events which have
preceded and hitherto accompanied the national Con-
:.ess, and observes how many are the acts of the
tortes which have been oppressive since they have
been assembled, must either be unable to acknow ledge
and appreciate virtues,,or must pay that tribute of
praise which is deserved, not only by those of the
Deputies, but by those of the whole Spanish Nation,
which cannot neglect those who have placed all their
glory in labouring to represent it, worthily deserving
fellow-citizens, who, invested with the national repre-
sentation, are destined to succeed us, hasten to com-
plete and bring to petit:atoll the great work which
we leave ill your bands. Our's. was the honour to
prepare the way for you ; your's be the glory to bring
the whole to a canciusion. Every thing announces
that the day of the salvation and liberty of our coon.
try is hastily approaching, and you, perhaps, are those
whom HiSAVEN has pointed out to tilt its destiny
yowt will bit it without more laboer than merely not
impeding or disttirbing the course of things, and pro-
titiug by the advantages now offered by the political
anti military situation of Europe, and especially of
Spain, so different, ah I so different from that in which
the present Cortes were installed. Thell shaken and

Those persons who intend adventuring in the
Lottery, which begins drawing on IVeduesday next,
are recommended to try their luck at Wasn's Office,
17, Ludgate-street, where a very large proportion of
the Capital Prices in every Lottery since its establish-
ment, have been sold in Shares.
A Gentleman wiio was ahput to purchase a Dumb
Waiter, was.advised not,- on the principle that it would
not answer, now if the probability of what is most
likely to answer is to be the question—the reply must
certainly be, purchase 4 Ticket in the Lottery, to be
drawn on Wcrixtsunx next, where, out of °ply 8000
Tickets, there are two Pries of Twenty Thousand
Founds can motif ctliie, •

. -

"RING!! ?inn.

I

tottering were all the pillars of the social edillict, e 4 '
the State as if it were almost dissolved. You thee, , --
planed on a solid and firm basis, ardent • welt then BAYONNE, OCTOBER te.
-the Spanish enthusiasm;—but this flame 'Pardee& , Tke French Army, under the orders of Marshal
sued when the people perceived that the ancient laws the Duke of Dalm • ass, has just gained a considerable
and ancient abuses of power, still subsisting, the
w ioes-
—
timable sacrifice of their lives as lavished for the advantage over'the Anglo-Spanish troops, Four
vain idea of not changing the name of their op, 'hundred English, and a still greater nuneser of Spa-
pressors ; at present this patriotic flame shall remain nish prisoners, have arrived within our walls,
inextinguishable, because the people fight, and con-
PAM, OCTOBER se.
quer or die, for beneficent institutions, for a real
The last accounts received from Leipsic speak of
country, and for the real good of their independence.
Then almost all Europe was enslaved and oppressed. several advantages gained by the French. They as-
There was scarcely any country but in the hearts n sure us, that on the 19th the Emperor's head-quar-
the Spaniards, and our enemies threatened us at the 'tern were at Weissenfels, a short distance from the
very gates of Cadiz. Now, almost all is free, and we celebrated field of battle of Lutzen. At thit time
threaten the enemy on their frontiers, We now have .,
his majesty was extremely well, and the health of his
concluded alliances with great Powers, which we
formerly wanted, and our ancient •friends finding Highness the Prince of Neitfchatel was re-established.
themselves by our constancy in a better situation. A dispatch from General Bertrand, commanding
contribute more efficaciously to our liberty. Ger- the 4th corps of the Grand Army, arrived at Erfurt,
man and Sicilian troops combat with our's ; the nu- b Estafette, on the 20th instant. It was dated the
merous and valiant Portuguese army has covered . y
preceding evening, and announced, that the Emperor
itself With glory on our plains. Great and generous
England sees her sons crowned with Spanish laurels had again just completely beaten the enemy, and that
which shall never fade ; and, besides, the assisunce his Majesty was in extelleut health. ' •
which she has lent to the common cause, has the] NUREMBERG, OCTOBER 18.
fortune and glory- of having sent the ever-orientsl
According triaccounts from Saxony of the 16th of
quered Wellington, the immortal Captain of the Al. '
lied Armies, ever triumphant. Then the whole North October, there have been several bloody battles be-
was sunk in a lethargic slumber, now the magnani- tween the French and coalesced corps, in which the
motif Successor of Catharine, has beat down and first have constantly had the advantage; but there
destroyed, more than once, the haughty French eagles, has been no general affair. 1
and, after his example, the successors of Gustavus
and Frederick have also raised their heads. We have 1 FRONTIERS OF SAXONY, OCTOBER 13.
now a million of enemies less than then, and those i The corps d'armee of the Dtike of CutigliOne is
which remain are less formidable to us, from the moral still posted at Jena. A report bas been in circulation;,
force which we have gained and which they have lost. of a battle having taken place on that side..but no-'i
We had then a Government, which, from its unstea-
thing authentic or official is known in that respect.
diness and ill-acknowledged authority, was not what ,
circumstances required ; but you will find one corn- j FRANKFORT, OCTOBER 9t.
posed of perms, who, by their moderation, their 1 We are assured, that it was the corps of Prince
virtue, and their love to the system which the Cortes Lichtenstein, joined to that of Madman's, which
have establ:sheel for the good of the peopje, must' was compleatly defeated on the 12th by the Duke of
produce the happiness of that people. Beware, __
artiglione.
then, 0 deserving successors to our honour and our v
:
labours, that nothing disappoint circumstances so i - The head-quarters of the Emperor have been sac..
favourable. In you are founded all the hopes of the cessively at Worthen, Jknbourg, and Puben.a.-
' Spanish people, and the hopes of that people, so great,' They were on the lOth inst. in the latter place, and
virtuous, and so worthy to be happy, she not be dis. he vidts still there on the 13th.
appointed. Preserve inviolate the sacred and beloved •
Oer, 22.—Letters front Erfurt annoonce, that on
deposit of the Constitution which we deliver to you, ,
the 19th, the Emperor again beat the enemy.. Fresh
and recommend to your care with the greatest affec-
tion. It is the delight of the Spaniards, who have letters from Erfurt, which we have just receiyet,
received it with the most voluntary and most solemn state, that the affairs of the 11th and 12th, in which
vows ; watch 'carefully over its observance, since it 4000 prisoners were made, to place against General
alone can maintain always alive the patriotic fire ;it , ,
Botcher and the Prince Royal of Sweden. . :, •
alone can be the Iris of peace in the wild storms which
agitate unfortunate America, and it alone must be A new battle, fought on ,the 14th, near Dessau
the bond which strictly and cordially unites all the in which the Prussians 'were completsly clefea9nl, is
brethren of this immense and virtuous family: But talked of. .. . , . .
these wishes which the nation forms for its prospe- i VIENNA, OCTOBER H. •
rity are intimately mingled •with others no less ardent, Field Marshal Prince Schwartzenberg, in order ell.
and sincere, for the most beloved of its Kings, for
maintain order and repress excesses, which isolated
the innocent and unfortonate youth, Ferdinand of
Bourbon; and if, even in his slavery, this amiable columns, and -especially streaks* freatAlseeembined
Prince was the idol of the people, and all hoped that army, might commit, 'as well in his rear, as in the'
he would break his chains with a strong hand in the country where they are, published on the 28th of 1
day of his power, what must be now our wishes to
September, at Toeplitz, an order of the day, which,
see him tree in the midst of us ! what our hopes that 1 •
be will close the happiness of his people, when he' among other dispositions, notes the following :
was heard to call for the meeting of the Cortes, which I "The Austrian Major General Baron Herzagen-
are the bulwark of Spanish liberty I when he has felt berg will command in common with the Russian
the weight of persecution and misfortune; and when,, be• ut•General de Herries, the moveable columns of
in doing good, he would not have to encounter the the I coinbi •
ne(' army, destined to repress excesses.—
obstacles which would have been opposed to him, by
They will judge the guilty, and the sentence shall be
the interest of those who live by disorder, the force I
of custom, and the respectable example of his prede.! immediately carried into execution. To form these,
cessors. Oh ! that Heaven would fulfil these just i moveable columns, the Russilin, Austrian, and Prus-
hopes, and, accepting the profuse sacrifice of our • sian armies shall each furnish a battalion of infantry,
blood, listen propitiously to the vows which resound 1 .
and tnree squadrons of cavalry. There shall be esta-
night and day through our public places, our domes- !
tic walls, and the august roof of the National Congress. : blished, in the most considerable places upon the
Oh ! may we see him with our own eyes, in the bosom I principal roads of communication in the rear of the
of his great family, and may we hear him with our own
iarmy, military commandants, who shall have under
ears called the father and friend of his People. And , their orders sufficient forces, sod who will maintain
you, worthy and generous Representatives of the Spa- I
force not only in the place where they
nish Peo_ple, glory in' your labours and in your exer. : the military
e •• • •
Lions. The applause of Nations, the congratulations , command, but in their vicinities, send under escorts
of the good ; the murmurs of the ill-disposed, and . stragglers to their regiments, and deliver to the corn-
the indignation of the envious ; this is your eu-
.: mandants of the nearest moveable columns those who
logium. The love and gratitude of Spaniards and , Beta r have committed excesses. This order shall be
the happiness of the Country, this is your reward.— ; may
read three following days to the troops of the corn-
Nevertheless I tell you that the moment of our sepa-
ration having arrived, evils and persecutions are pre. bined army, in their particular language, and after-
paring for you, because this is the ordinary tate of wards every eight days." -
those who, upon earth, rooting out abuses, promote AM'iTERPAM OCTOBER i 9.
the public good and virtue : but no, our singular and '
The Municipal Council of our city, assembled ez-
glorious revolution has restored to Spaniards tlirir an.
traordinarily, solicited the favour of sending a Depu-
cient character and their first virtues, you will receive.
the rich harvest of the benediction of your fellow ciii: zillion to Paris, to convey to the foot at the throne,
zens. Go then to inform them oi the benefits which the expression of the sentiments of devotion, respect,
the Constitution has prepared for them ; tell them that ' and submission, which animate the inhabitants of this
the Religion of their forefathers iimains pure, entire,.
third city of the Empire, and answer the voice of her
unhurt ; fix their opinion, should it be 'Rai, Jering, and ,
to those i laces who may still be doubtful, beta': ..e. they Majesty the Empress Queen and Regent.
do not know the wthhes and real intentions of the Na.. We lean) with lively pleasure that this Deputation
tional Corigres, and therefore are unfortunately raided was permitted to express to her the sentiments of the
by an ideal independence ; tell them, convince them, i good city of Amsterdam, and that it will soon pro-
that the greatt.ht enemies to slavery cannot wish tor;
teed to* the place of its destination,
more liberty than this memorable code of our rights
;mutes to them ; take such me...-ilres that, well in- ' LEIPSIC, OCTOBER 6.
strutted in their duties, and nobly poild of their dig. The Gazette of this City contains the following
nity, they may think and act like Spaniards; that by article •
their social and moral virtues they may serve as a •
66 The Prince of Sweden has for some time been
model to all nations in the world, and that the Spanish
'citizen may be, what was in former times the Roman, issuing publications, which may literally be denomi-
an object of ambition even to Kings.' , nated pamphlets. It is inconceivable that this Prince
The Journal of the General and Extraordinary should so far forget the rank to which he has been
Cortes was then signed by all the Deputies, after raised, as to sign productions issuing from the brains
which the Sitting broke up amidst great applause.
of a Kotzebue, a Schlegel, a &nazi% or a Gold-
schmidt. The public asks, with astonishment, is not
this Prince the same Prince of Ponte Corvo, whom
the French Government deigned to appoint Marshal,
and has since loaded with favours and gifts ? Is he
not the same Marshal, who, in Hamburgh, Hanover,
and Elbing, imposed such heavy contributions merely
to fill his private coffers ? Is lie not that Bernadotte,
that violent Jacobin, who, during his legation to the
Court of Vienna, displayed the tricoloured flag, and
occasioned his ezmilsion from that city ? Is he not
the same Bernaktte, whose principles France con-
temns, and who, but for th; indulgence ano protec-
tion of the Emperor Naeleon, wliii ovuer4usly for.

gave his errors, in wnsideratiott of his *Mange skit
his family, must nfvr have been grovelling in the
dust

" Assuredly this is the very same man—•he who
owes his elevation to the throne of Sweden, only to
the admiration and regard which the power and suc•
cesses of France had excited in Sweden, and wt
could not have seated himself in that throne but with
the permission and consent of France.
0' It shocks us to behold ingratitude, degradati ir,
and disregard of every honourable feeling, carried to
such an extreme.

" According to the opinion of persons who have
the best means of information, the reason of this cob
duet is, that being paid by England, it has been ini
posed upon him as a duty, to degrade himself, an 4
to break for ever with France $ and with this view l‘t
-has been led to accept Guadaloupe, a French posses-
sion, and has promised to sign all the libels th.tt the
English may think proper to compose.
" Some deem it quite natural, that the Prince of
Sweden, like all other renegadoes, should figure
the most violent enemy of his country. Others, I-.
short, think that this Prince is rather to be pitied, IL-
asmuch as his mother having been deranged. and
some of his brethers and sisters being actually insane,
he may have been impelled to his present line of ccr.-
duct, by attacks of the same malady.
" The destiny of Sweden, in fact, is truly singu-
lar. She expels from the throne a Prince of disorder-
ed intellect, and calls to it a French General, who.
born a Catholic, is compelled, as the first act of his
government, to abjure his religion ;—and this same
General, the twentieth only in rank in the French
army, whose principles and morn character are held
in such slight estimation in his native country, is the
son. and brother of lunatics, and already begins him-
self to experience the attacks of that malady."
OCTOBEft 44.

The head-quarters •are still at Gradisca. Our
troops occupy the same position. Several deserters
from different regimentg, who arrived yesterday at
our advanced posts, report that the enemy's army
suffers much in the position which it occupies from
the bad weather which has continued several days,
by the overflowing of the torrents, and by the ex.
treme difficulty Of bringing up provisions into the
mountains occupied by the enemy. The proclama-
tion of the Viceroy has produced a great ofecc
throughopt all Italy.

- .

FRENCH FIINDS.
05t0ber 46th, 561 r. we,.
27th% .56 45, 04
• ••
Last price qecxe4. .£1 60°
Uch, '55 15
• Tim &row prices on the 17th have been given mew
Twice of die censidcreille variation which appears pet* chant
