PHICIC OF STOCKS AT TWO O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock Shut.
3 per Cent. Ited. Shut.
$ per Cent. Cons. 881,E s/d 1/2
Si per Cent. Shut.
4 per Cent. New 103 1023/4 103
Long Ann. Shut.
India Stock 266%.
India Bonds 13 14
£l,OOO Exclieq. Bills par 3 2 prem.
£5OO ditto par 3 2 prem.
£lOO and £2OO ditto 6 2 4 prem.
India for Acct. 267
Cons. for Acct. 88% 5/a
EXCHANGE.
Assmrsanaar, Szirr..l6.—.-On London, 39. 10. 2M. 39. 8.
FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bds 5p Ct. Mez.Scrip, 1825, ti. dis.
Brazilian Bonds, 77* Ditto Acct. 81 4 4 die.-
Ditto Acct. Neapolitan Bonds, 1824
. Ditto Scrip,s pCt. 1825, Ditto Bonds 5 p C.
Ditto Acet. 8 71 dis. Peru.. Bona, 6 per Ct. 681 "
/Buenos Ayres Bonds Ditto Acct. •
Chillan Bondi, 6 p Ct. 764 DittoScrip,lB2s, 6 pC.
Tine Acct. Portuguese Bonds 84
Colombian Bds,6 p C. 7111 Prussian 130nd5.1822, 5p Ct. 1001
Ditto Acct. hops. Bonds, 1822, SpC. 941
Dlttoßunds 1824, 774 4 Ditto Acct.
Ditto Ace. 774 Spanish spCt.Cons. 201
Danish Bonds, S p Ct. Ditto Acct.
Ditto Serip. 1925, Span.s p. Ct. C. 18.21,
Ditto Ana. Frenchßentes,s p. Cr.
Greek Bonds Frenchßentes,3 p Cr.
Do. Scrip 5 p Ct Exchange,
Ditto Acct, Guatemala
Mex. Bonds, 74 Ditto for Ace.
Ditto Bonds, 1825,6 p Ct. 781 Russian Inscript. 6 p Ct.
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWO (yei.ocK.
• SHADE. PAID. TAXA FCC *Hans.
Castello&EspititoSanto 100 5 81 19 81
Chili= and Peruvian 100 S 5
Hayden 100 5 34
I'otosi. La Paz, & Pcruv. 50 5 61
Royal Waldeck 100 1 11
Alliance Minsk & For. 100 - 10 134
British Iron Company - 100 . 20 • 184
British Rock & Patent &It 50 5 104 11
Imperial Plate Glass 100 2 44

The Cabinet Cont."e-tcil which as to determine the im-
portant question of the fitness of dissolving the Biala-
men', 1s to meet at the Earl of LivEarooL'a, Fife
House, on Thursday, summcnses to that effect having
be_ n issued from the Foreign and other Offices yesterday.

On Thursday next, the remaining part of the French
Minister's Scheme for the reduction of the Interest of
the National Debt of France will be pot to trial. This
part of the plan, as our Readers may remember, con-
sists of a proposition, that the holders of Five per Cent.
Stock should exchange the same for an equal quantity
of a new Slick, which is to bear interest at the rate of
Four and a Half per Cent. But this last is declared ir-
redeemable for ten years, whereas the Five per Cent.
Stock is redeemable at pleasure, in whole or in part,
with or without notice, at any time the Minister has the
means of appropriating an instalment for that purpose.
It will be recollected, that the first part of M. DE ViL•
LELE'S plan, consisting of an offer of 134 Stock, in the
Three per Cents. for each 100 of Fives, was tried on the
18th of August last, and succeeded to a considerable
extent. At that period the Fives were at 103, and the
new Three per Cent. Stock was at 75. Since then,
however, the situation of the money market in France,
as well as in this country, has materially varied. Five
per Cents. are now only at 99.65, and Three per Cents.
at 71.9 J; and the approaching experiment is therefore
to be made under more disadvantageous circumstances.
Note ithstanding which, when the operation of the very
efficient Sinkieg Fund at the French Minister's disposal
is considered, it is evident that nothing short of a doubt
of the continuance of peace can prevent the intended
conversion. For, those who accept the proposed Four
and a Half per Cents. will inevitably, at a very trifling
reduction of income, secure an improved market for
their capital, and be enabled, if the peace continue, to
sell their New Four and a Half per Cents. for more
money than they are likely to obtain for the present
Five per Cents. Thus, note ithstanding the decline of
the Funds, an annuity of Four Pounds sterling in the
New Three per Cents. sells within 31. 15s. of an an-
nuity of Five Pounds in the Old Fives, for which it
was exchanged in August last ; and there is a moral
certainty that this New Stock will, as we have all
along predicted, soon attain a higher value, and more
than indemnify the holders for the temporary loss of
income. There is no conceivable reason for doubting
that the proposed Four and a Half per Cents. will be
in the same situation. Nevertheless, so imperfectly is
the funding system understood in France, that it is ex-
tremely probable that a strong opposition will be made
to the intended conversion, by the confederacy of great
speculators, who calculate, perhaps, on compelling the
Minister to desist from his intention, in which object
we are very much inclined to think that they will even-
tually be defeated.
Dutch Papers to the 1'—..731177--ist. reached us this fore-
noon, but they contain no news worth quoting. An
article from Brussels states, the several Ministerial de-
partments will close on the 30th of this month, so as to
be able to resume business on the 10th October at
the Hague.

In a preceding column we have inserted some ez.

tracts from the Aitsfrien Observer, on the stairs of
Greece. The sense Journal quotes, from the Spetlateer
!Oriental of the 37th of August, a letter from Napoli di
Romania, dated the 4th of August, stating that the
Greek Government of Napoli had determined to seek
the protection of England. The Austrian Observer
then adds the following mystifying Note:
" In communicating this article of the Oriental Spec.
tator, we content ourselves to-day with assuring our
readers that all the accounts contained in it are fully
confirmed by the letters which we have. ourselves re
ceived direct from Napoli di Romania.

n A new scene in the Greek insurrection has opened.
What could not fail to happen has happened ; the Depu-
ties of the Philhellenic Committees are at variance with
each other, and with the Insurgent Government, in the
same manner as the heads of the Government differ
with each other, and with the Chiefs of the several
tribes of the Peloponnesus and the islands. Our impar.
tiality commands us, a;historians, to wait for some far-
ther information before we attempt more minutely the
various e:ements of the present chaotic state of things.
Whether the mixture of so many heterogeneous ;ogre-
dients, whether the transferring to Greece of the pas-
sions, and consequently of the errors which party spirit
brings forward in these times of fermentation in Chris-
tian Europe, have promoted and served the cause of
the Greeks? or whether they have not, on the contrary,
tended to its entire ruin?—this is a question which
will not, and cannot, long remain without solution.
As soon as we ourselves see clear enough to be able to
furnish authentic materials for the history of the day,
we shall step forward, boldly and firmly, as we have
constantly done since the beginning of the troubles in
the East, without regard to a generally diffused system
of imposition."

With the exception of France, the late treaty between
that country and Hayti appears to have satisfied no one.
As for the Haytians, if they reflect at all on the subject,
they must feel that they, as FRANKLIN says, have "paid
too dear for the whistle;" that, in fact, they have been
duped into the recognition of an authority on the part
of France, which they shook off thirty years ago, and the
existence of which they have ever since denied. With
regard to this country, however we may feel the folly
of the Haytians in giving a commercial preference to
France, we have no fear that it will injure us. The
superiority of our manufactures have forced their way
hitherto, in spite of prohibitions and confiscations, and
Berlin and Milan Decrees, and therefore we need not be
alarmed at the treaty with Hayti. In the United States,
however, this treaty excites much discussion as to the
course the Federal Government should follow towards
the revolted slaves. This is of course to the slave-holding
states of North America, a very serious and .delicate;
question. In the demi-official organ of the Cabinet of
Washington, the National Intelligencer of the 6th'..of
August, we find the following observations upon this
important subject : .
4, Some of our Newspapers are in haste to anticipate for our Go. '
vernment much embarrassment from questions which are expected
to arise out of the political attitude that the Island of Hayti will
assume in consequence of the acknowledgment of its independenCe
by the French Government. This embarrassment, it is supposed,
will proceed from the delicacy which this Government-will feel iu
the recognition of an independent State, composed of the African
race, become free by successful revolt, and situated almost centi
guous to the Southern parts of our Union, when the same race
forms so large a portion of the population, and is unavoidably held
in slavery. We see, however, no perplexity in the case ; for
though the:example of Hayti, if aided by mischievous intrigue,
eo•operating with the declamations of our northern sanguinary
philanthropists, might produce temporary mischief in the south ;
still the independence of Hayti can produce no embarrassment,
as it does not necessarily lead to the reception of Black Minis-
ters Plenipotentiary, or any Ministers at all, from that Island.
Haiti has long been treated by this country as an independent
' State tie facto, so far as regards commercial intercourse; and this
intercourse can still be superintended in both countries by commer-
cial agents residing in earls. Our own citizens are in many cases the
Consuls of Foreign Powers, and will probably in most instances act
in that capacity for Hayti also. If ihere be any evil of the nature
apprehended, incident to the independence of Hayti, it is an evil
which it will be very easy, it appears to us. for our Government to
remedy or avert. We speak, however, our own impressions alone,
as we knew nothing of the opinions or sentiments of others on the
subject. There is, in our opinion, more real mischief to be dreaded
in the South, from the efforts of some of our own misguided fana-
tics, who are aided by certain newspapers of the North, than from
the ratification of the independence of Hayti."
