HA BRAS CORPUS SULPiN!ION ACT.

Lord SE.F roN presented a Petition from the in.
habitants ot the neighbourhood and town of Liver-
pool, praying for the repeal ot the Habeas Corpus
Suspension Act, and complaining of the employment
of mercenary Spies by Government. He stated that
the present Petition was only signed by two indivi-
duals, but it was a copy of one signed by 5500 per-
I °us, which had been sent to'him against the renewal

Mr. WILBER FORCE said. helm! once !caret('
move the Crown to elide ivour to put a stop vs the
Slave Trade ; fir he was afraid that . even a great
many American subjects, and much American pro-
perty had been again embarked in the Steve Trade.
It had also been greeds carried on in the Col! eiles en
the coast near Goree, since they have been restored
to the French. There was meson to believe that in
one Dutch Colony the Slave trade had b..en favoured
by one individual very greatly. As to Sweden and
Denmark no compfaiiit could be made. But Portu-
gal, notwitisstending our fevotirs, had carried On this
int mous traffic to a great extent. All, however,
sunk in the scale compared with the devastations of
Spain. It was astonishing to him that a great and
high minded nation could lend itself to the introduc-
tion of slavery and barbarism into other parts of the
world by such an abominable traffic as this. It hart
caireel on this trade in provinces of Africa, where we
had been long endeavouring to introduce a lusbit of
peaceful and fair trafiic. There nets something co
monstrous in this, as t fill the mind with horror--
thet eVhcn men were needy made scnsible of the ad-
vantages of social commerce, Spain should revive
among them the idea that all their wants could be
mo-e. oesile enephied by seizing men of different
tribes and connttiess and selling them to siavery,—
liesides this. the Portuguese and Spanish ships we-e
so crowded with Slaves, as to render it impossible for
him to conceive how so many human bodies could
be crammed together in so small a space. One ves-
sel, of 120 tons, according to a letter from Sir James
Yen, had on board 600 Slaves. Oi.e of the evils of
this system was, that the- vessels employed in this
traffic 'were intended for fast sailing ; and therefore
these poor wretches were more crowded than in
slower ships of larger burden. In one instance, out
of 54.0 Slaves, SlO had died. Let the House coe-
sides what their sufferings must be, when to so much
corporeal distress they were also to add the mental
sufferings of these poor wretches. The greater pert
of the Spanish Slaves were carried to the Hevaimale
to the number of twenty-five thousand a year, for
several years past. In fact, the Spaniards were im-
porting more Slaves than any other Power had ever
done. This furnished a plea for every other Power
to carry on this infamous trade. It was obvious
that some more efficient regtelation should be enter-
ed into among the different Powers to stop this
traffic, than by searching the ships of other nations,
weich must be a source of constant irritation.—
,We were bound, by every consideration, to put a
stop to this practice ; and therefore they ought to
implore the Crown again, by every means in its
power, to obtain an abolition of the Slave Trade ;
And for that purpose, unless every Power should con-
cur to abolish it, all the great Powers ought to agree
to receive colonial produce only from such nations at
had consented to abolish the Slave Trade. In the
East Indies, under Governor R411:5 and Captain
Cu' ran at Java, 13d elsewhere, societies had been es.
teblished for the abclition of slavery among the de-
! eendenties of the native princes. It was pleet.ing to
find that where other nations wet e attempting
to
scrape together money at any rate, is e had still coon-
' tryrnen of our own who despised gain acquired by
!such an abominable and interne:us feillic. Ile then
moved an Address to the Regent, submating to him
their anxiety for the final abolition of the African
Slave Trade.; complaining of its still being carried
on by the subjects of nations, whose Pienipotentieries
had agreed to abolish it at the general Congress of !I
Vienna; and praying that his Royal I ligliness would
endeavour to Osten' the total abolition of this teillie.l

Lord CASTLEREAGH agreed with his R.gle.
Honourable Friend, that much remained to be done
by conciliating the different great Powers of Ethrope
in this great cause of humanity. lie also admitted,
that nothing effectual could be done while this traffic
was suffered to be carried on under the Hag which
alone had been allowed to continue this trade. &ace
the Ticaty of Paris we had been in negociatitin with
Spain and Portugal for the abolition of this tr..de;
but he felt it difficult at present to enter into any
statement of the progress of these negociatiGns. This
did not arise horn any wish to keep Parliament in the
dark ; but he hoped, that by the nest meeting of Par-
liament he would be able to submit to it the r.-sult of
these nesociations. He could not say that this result
would bit complete; Du. as I. as at :a!auLth: go lie

hoped it would be safsfactory. For this reason he
wished at present to enter no farther into this slues.
tion ; but he would concur entirely in the Address
moved by his llotiourAhle Friend.
Mr. P. MOOR E said his Honourable Friend had
not taken the advice he had given him tour years ago,
namely, thit theta: should be a constant Ciin.niit•
sitting, to receive occasional information, a,:d to re.
port on it to the If use. It was therefore necessary
tin have a contronl:l4 power to see that the legislative
preirisions in this Case were carried into effect. This
could only be d inc by an annual Committee at least.
Let them sheer, that they themselves were perfecly
pore from this mane, before they ca11..1 ti;.•;71.1-tdizn
States to abolish this infamous trade ! For he had
heard that even our own subjects had disposed of
slaves on the coos: of Emil. Madagascar, and other
pl.ices. He contended that this mode of wholesale le.
gislation would not effect tlfbpbject so much desired.
Mr. BROUGHAM contended that ti.ere icas no-
thing vague, or as it had been called, wholesale !a-
gislation. in the Acts passed for the abolition ra-, of
the punishment for, embarking in this traffic !'here
was nothing in these Acts but whit any Court, of
Justice might precced upon. The rase et Colke,
who had been tried At Sierra Leone, for Slave-trul:rg
in the Rio Pongos was no exception to this; for 14:3:41
the .51st of the King was enacted no one knew th•:t
sn Act of Kim, William had been repealed which
gave Colonial Courts jurisdiction. Cooke had never
pleaded that be was an American subject, until he
came to this country ' • and from the conduct and cha-
racter of Governor Maxwell. he had a hope, amount-
ing to expectation, that Government would not suffer
that meritorious (s Herr to be a loser through an error
which all the lawyets in Westminster were ignorant
of when the 'lst of the Kong was passed. The only
arrangement effectual for the abolition of this trafT:e
would be to give the ships of ail nations a right of
search for slaves mutually.
Mr. It. BROWN said, that our colonists had [wen
most anxious to enact new laws in order to ince, flt
the infraction of the Slave Trade Abolition 1.
which had been passel by the Legislature at hoses.
Mr. GOU ',BOURN rid, that from all the cir.
cumstatices of the %MSC, Gove,nment would considae
it to be i:s ditty to remunerate Governor Maxwell for
any expense lie might be. put to.
Mr. SMYTI I thought that the day the Noble Lord
oppwite should sign a Treaty for the abolition 4 this
trallic, wilts Spam and Pottn5 wowd be the
proudest day of his official tile.
Mr. BARHAM said, that. excepting. Bar!)adoea,
there was a Etta deficiency in Bidet.: Population ;
and therefore the other countties in Europe. whrue
Colonies were barer supplied with Blacias than our,
sh.itild be less anxious to contuse: that traffic thaa
we were.

Mr. W. SMITH also weed in the blot:ort ht2t
he wAs afraid thin unless Ahcoitnely forLe.l.l.a
it, won! I miter give np this traffic.

Mr. MARRYATT said, that unErrtunately that
way i.i which his Majei.ty's N.tvid Oi!kers cattrin-d
Slave Ships was contrail to the Law is N.ltions,
they were genetahy reversed by die Court ol Adn:i•
nary at home ; an.l he understood that in two years
only three captures had been confirmrd. It this
mode ol capture ware to he carried on, we should he
paying millions on millions to Spain and l'crtug4l;
And holding mit such a stimulus to Slave Trading AS
never bef• r•• exiALd.

The Aide•.: w s Olen agreed to, mix. con.
r Akcx.:.

Mr. 'CIF. P.NEY tea: to sil'orLit to tl.c nom., his
Resolutions ; and the first thing he should do would
be to withdraw his first Resolution, in which the: e
was a mistake horn Ms r.ot havipg
aware, th_q,the Irish ilia had bern paid otf !:yr a
grant of Exchequer Bills in the present Session. 1":!:.
total Supply of the year in t!:e Votes was 461.,:ififi.GGI
--fen the Ways and Meats there was itai4..02,:n0,
leaving a eeficirncy IX:4AM. Now he wisle•li
to know bow that deficiency was to be made goof ?
Besidesthis there was a t -tither drfi of £lb7,ottf),
and there he 'eland he wa.; sure a mistake in the
culation of the Rig!st Gentlerrn. t!:e
unfunded Debt at 06 millicer, As the Itight
Gentleman orposite did; and knowing syst•fm,
theie would nod remain IG miliHi.. of unfunded
Debt to b' added next year. lie !to—. went un to
state several different item:, and to draw c :4.
rison betleen what would be added to, aril

. _
- -
paid off from, Cie unloaded debt during tilt! ;At:- •:t
year. Ile observed, his present ite:u:utior.s ..).
tended to make the state of the fun,lel, the un!....!•.1
debt, and the Ways and Means ul the year cf-. -.
The lion.Gemleinen hooking at the. Ludge-q,
tirrt view be led to believe that there wuuld be paid
off !rota tloe navy debt a :urn of se.'l,Q,G,txX).
Was desirous to tee how •,:good. We had
thi. year taken 01,.523,000 arrear (.5 l'roperty Tax.:
This was a prodtwe whirl' co:old new •r scut agar',
and assuming this yeat':.inoura •to be the !:arn•• It' •
last, there wo,illd be an excess upon the Cem.liJated
Fund of it 3,521,04. 11. i had nn other o,bj..cr i t his
present emptily than to okeuver the tine st..te bi ep:r
Finances, and it he was guilty of any noistalo, tle
should he happy to IJo t.ti tight. The Right 11rn.
Ge:itleMA:l ceppOsite aep -atedly said we should at
as we did afar the Arnerienn sear, quickly rec:.-:,:r
,atir prosperity. Poitthe e: ,e Was widely thtfeient
now. At the cad of the An e-1.7.-,n Aar tee h-st
thing, but our distre::vrt. On the of :i.e
late v..ar we had loot all our pto,yei,•.ty. tie Cate.
Tierney) always said, when we 5... r tt,i; e
should-lose our taxes ;he had a1..7.:;-s pod el ;Ile i.l
this opinion, wilt the exception ol a Rig .t :-t
Gentleman coppuatt ,
jects he entertain. d tr.e hi 11.:,: (...Or. it %,•).
that Right GcatlenEin .dova;:s .v t; Mr.
Pitt'a uplaion east ra..ay tol ta::co ...?10:1
ever the war ceased. Ri,;ht C":"1 ."!'"-!`s
ct then proceeded to eamelot Cie Jrazo; t: :e :11
Ftlitd, and inaot: t"
gustier.: to •.i. ia.. ,:cA6 a/nd vac num

r

that comparison drew this conclusion : for the quarter
ending on July the sth, there would be a deficiency of
03,780,000. With respect to our present revenue it
would not pay the interest of the National Debt. He
would not siy the National Debt was in jeopardy, but
still it was a black prospect. Money must be borrowed
to supply the deficiency, yet the House was about to
separate withein m seine any provision to meet the
difficulty. He trusted, even if his Resolutions should
be negatived, rho he had done some good, by draw.
inn forth the Resolutions of the Hon. Gentlemen op
visite. Thee. Resolutions differed only to the
amount of a few hundred thousands, whilst the ac-
knowledged deficiency amounted to many millions
He though the ct.untry never aas in a more critical
situation. I's'it't respect to the Flan of the Right Ho-
rourable Gentlemen for raising the money he wan-
ted by an issue of Exchequer Bills, he did not intend
to F.nJ !milt s‘ ith it. He understood it was the sys-
tem of the Right Honourable Gentleman not to let
Exchequer Bills go under a certain premium, being
certain at any time of getting them disposed of at
the Bank. This might be a convenient plan for the
present, hut would it not ultimately put the Right
Honourable Gentleman still more at the mercy of
the Bank than he at present was 1 and it the Bank
were, as the Right Hon. Gentleman had stated, to
resume their cash payments at the period named,
would they be able to assist the Right lion. Gentle-
man in his distress next year, by taking :.pother
six trillions of Exchequer Bills eff his hands
Mr. Tierney then adverted to the rising of the funds,
which had been dwelt on so much by Government,
as being a proof of the prosperity of the ceuntry.!
He was of opinion it was a proof of the direct con- f
nary. The rise of the funds was owing, in part, to
the, distresses and difficulties of the country, and to I
the large capital which remained unemployed. Every
Banker now (to use a City term) was a Bull, and
contributed to raise the price of the lends, by specu- I
lating in them. 11, fortunately, trade should revive, I
what would then be the consequence These persons
must then sell out largely, let the price of the funds!
Le what it might, and at any loss, as they would have ;
no other means of realizing property to answer the
demands made upon them. All this apparent pros-
perity, as judged of by the high price of the funds,
was not to be relied on. If the revenue could not be
raised, and raised considerebly, in his opinion the
country was in a greater strait than it had ever been
before. The Chancellor t f the Exchequer had said
be should raise the funds to such a height, that he I
should be enabled to reduce the 5 per cents.; but
then we should add twenty.four millions of Exclisquet
Bills to our untended dsbt. This extraordinary rise
i., the funds also acted much against the operation of
the Sinkti.g Fund, whilst it would not at all operate
tr relieve the people trans taxation; and who could
f it an instant flatter I.:msclf that commerce would
revive whilst the comely has thus burthened The
Right Honourable Gentleman saitilie should conclude
by mewing to withdraw his original Resolutions, tor
the purpose of subetiteting some revises' ones in
their place.
Mr. GR.AN'r felt himself obliged to resist these
kesoluti.)ns, which he conceived might be divided
under two heads, one applying to the unfunded debt,
the other to time revenue. The Resolutions which lie
had to propose related only to the untur.ded debt,
and its probable increase and diminution. The Right
Honourable Genii:man had stated the deficiency at
466,000,000, whilst he (Mr. Grant) said it would
not amount to mote than iteil,femeeote The Right
Honourable Gentleman said tin re would this yea: be
an increase of debt of 46.1,611,600, whilst he (Mr.
Gr.tnt), on the contrary, said there would be a diini-
nutiou of in 1,207,000. There was, indeed, a conec-
eion in the Right Honourable Gentleman's estimates
of at least set 000,000. The Right Ho: durable
Gelitlenian had also argued the probability of a de-
ficiency in the Ways and Measis that was extremely
unlikely, since almost all the Ways and Means were
ulreedy realized. lie then entered into a statement
uf the Supplies and Exchequer Bills voted by Emilia-
3..:ent, and the Ways and Means to meet them. The
ureount of Exeliequer Bills, as taken is his statement,
teas seCtenieeooo, but probably in January next the
sent would tot actually exceed GI or 62 Millions.—
The Ways awe Means is ere nearly equal to the Sap-1
ply voted, and when theWeys and Means were issued I
it e Supply of ceta se would be provided for. Mr.
Coate then proceeded to contend, that in the Right
lion. Gentled...J.% Res,.lutions there were several
errors ; and perticuleily in the omission of 41,600,000
paid uti of the outstanding Navy Debt. The great
question now ender cin.sidetution was the increasing
;cod paying elf the Debt, and dierefoie One Debt arid
the diminution ready in it should be attended to. II
there were any merit in hie (Mr. Grant's) Resolu-
tions, ie was that they had fur their foundation facts
er.d not conjecture, whilst the Right Hun. Geatle-
reat's were objectionable, inasmuch as they were
tote:Jed en supposition. The Right Hun. Gentleman
Lad also said the Revenue would this year receive
Nee at et £t 500,0t.,0 Property Tax—aft extraordi-
nary source of revenue, %Inch would not occur again;
bet if there was this extraordinary receipt, ttitte watt
also.an extraordinary expenditure which would nut
oceee again. This year the exrenniture would be
at.12,000,0n0. Next year he touted it would riot
exceed ,e17,000,G00. This reduction might be set
off against the extraordinary receipt of the present
year. Time I-knot:rabic Gentlenisen alter some
further observations, concluded by uiuving the pre-
sinus question.
Mr. TIERNEY denied his Resolutions were all
supposition. He state' the revenue of last year; then
said, if the revenue was the SA4l:*.! this year, such and
such would be the consequence; this was not suppo.
Litton, this was fact. The Honourable Gentleman
Vien entered into some explanations. He contended
that the statement of the Honourable Gentleman,
(Kr. Grant) as to the amount 01 exchequer Bills
likely to be out-standing ou the sth of January last,
was erroneous to the amount of 41.200,000.
The#CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUEit 1
said, this could not be; if the whole of the Ways and
Means were granted, the whole of the Supplies must
be paid off. It was Well known that the system of
paying off Exchequer Bills teas to ;lay off these
granted in the previous year. Such bud been the
eagerness of monied men during the present ear,
that all the Bills of last ycaruep to October had
been bought up; and it was rather to be feared,
that there would be a scarcity of Exchequer Bills,
instead of a dilliculty in disposing of them! But

even if the Right ITonnureble Centleman could esta-
blish his Resolutions, they would be a charge against
the Right Honourable Gentleman and his friends.
If the plan proposed by him last year for a Property
Tax had not been rejected, there would have been no
occasion for the present restitutions or enquiry. An
abundant sum would have beets raised to answer all
purposes, and to have reduced some part of the dab:,
instead of adding any thing to it. He could not,
however, consider our situation as so desperate as the
Right Honourable Gentleman had painted it. Na-
withstanding the unfavourable state of aft tirs last
year, a considerable reduction was made in tl e public
debt. and he confidently looked forward to still greater
results during the present. Not withstanding this cir.
cumstance, it the measures of amendment now adopted
should tail. applie ttion most be made to 'Parliament
to he k to some mote energetic meaaitre for improving
our Finance system—(!lere. hear).— lie had always
held this opinion, and never disguised his sentiments
on this au! ject. It was, however, a circumstance
highly gratifying, that not one of the Right tiononr-
able Gentleman's Resolutions touched the favourable
picture which he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer)
drew at the time he brought forward his 13udget.—
Indeed the Right-Honeurable Gentleman carried his
Ilflattering picture further than he (theChaacellor of the
Exchequer) had dared to do. Ile contemplated pay-
ing off the 4 per Cents. and the .5 per Cents. which was
more than he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) did.
A proof had last year been given of the increased
credit of the unfunded Debt. The funded Debt did
not tin so much, but that was in a great measure
owing to the various publications and violent sug-
gestions
whith were issued from the public press, and i
uttered even in the House of Commons, urging a
breach of faith with the public creditor. This caused
the Fund-holders to became suspicious, and to prefer
the Foreign Funds. The resolution wail which Par-
liament spurned the proposition made to them, had,
however, restored the credit of our Funds, and dis-
pelled all tears of innovation. Whatever Parliament
may in future do, much credit is due to them for what
they have not done, namely, that in the face of cla-
moor and the strongest arguments they had. forborne
to do any thing to innovate or shake public credit;
and so much had public credit improved upon this re-
solution of Parliament. that Exchequer Bills now cost
the public less than two per cent. and so much had
our situetitai improved, that he was persuaded
nothing but some very extraordinary shock of public
credit could prevent cash laments being resumed
at the time fixed. Such had been the good effect of
the first year of settled peace. and he trusted the ap.
proacliing year would be still more productive set
good. All fears respecting a plentiful harvest were
now removed. It had been wickedly and maliciously
imputed to us that we had thriven on the rain and
subjection of other nations. The aspersion was as
uncalled for as it was unjust. Our prosperity was
connected with the prosperity of other countries, as
their wellbeing was connected closely with ours.—
We always had, and he trusted we always should,
exert the great power which we possessed with mode-
ration. He believed this} country, notwithstanding
our present embarrassments, was still capable of
making great exertions. He trusted, however, it
would be long belvre they were called for ; when they
were, he was convinced our efforts would-be made for
the good of the world in general, and not for any
selti.ti purposes dour own. (Hear, hear.)
Sir HENRY PARNELL said the Right Honour-
able Gentleman had talked of the prosperous state of
the country, yet in the second year of peace be had
proposed and carried a war expenditure. The Right
Honourable Gentleman had talked of vigorous mea-
sures of finance. This meant vigour of taxation,
whereas it ought to mean rigour of economy ; but
whilst the Right Honourable Gentleman and his col-
leagues continued in office, this was nut to be expec-
ted. This was appateat from the Fourth Report of
the Finance Committee, which might fairly be called
the . Right Honourable Gentleman's Report ; and
wi.ich Report recommended for next year, not mea-
sures of retrenchment or economy, but an establish-
talent of R 17,000,000, in the third year of peace; and
fr. an all the Right Honourable Gentleman's decla-
rations, it was plain that all he and his colleagues
contemplated was to raise their scale of income to
their scale of expenditure. The Honourable Gestic.
man contended, that if this system were persevered
in, in the course of the next year we should have to
add to our debt seI2,GCO,OOO. He trusted, however,
the House and the Country world oblige the Right
Honourable Gentleman to adopt the vigour of eco-
nomy, beiote it was too lite. .
Mr. WILLIAM SMITH should not hS've troubled
the house but for the allusions which had been made
to him. It had been made a charge against him
that he had proposed wild and mischievotia schemer,
such as reducing the interest of the National Debt.
Hu still would say, that his plans were neitto.r wild
nor mischievous, and that the only way of relieving
the country would be either to reduce the interest of
the National Debt, or applying the Sinking Fund or
part of it to the service of the year. The Honour-
able Gentleman then adverted to the effect which the
law rise in the Stocks from 65 to I's per tent. had in
the operation of the Sinking Fund. At present the
Commissioners, on four days in each week, expended
a sum which, at the present rate of the Funds, per.
chased each day &VA/ARA) capital stock; if tile Fu I
Ft::
were at (a.:i per cent: they would be enabled with the i
saute sum Cu purchase £185,000; that was ere han-
dfed thousand pounds a week, or five millions per
annum more of the National Debt than could be now
purchased in coosequence of this forced rise of the
Funds.

Mr. GRENFELL was of opinion, that the plan
of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was, under all
circumstances, the best which cull, be adopted. By
raising money on Exchequer Bills the money was
raised At 3 per cent. ta less; while tending the same
sum would cost the country 4 per cent. He thought
another advantage arose from it, and that was, that
it kept up the pi ice of the funds ; and by thus raising
the 3 per cents. the 4 and 5 per cents. might ulti-
mately be mur.ll reduced. He was also persuaded,
that by eCOnfnny and retrenchment, the country might
still be enabled to meet its difficulties:- He also ap-
proved the system to Exchequer Bills; inasmuch as
it would prevent the necessity of imposing any new
taxation, which he was persuaded the country could
not bear. With respect to the Sinking Fund, his
opinion of a Sinking Fund was, that it could not
.:xisy wept whew the taco= •.% as Jbave the well-

dime. At present filch was not the casein this calm.
try. yet he still wished to limp this machine in ro.iiion
as long as it could be done by the means of Excite-
quer Bills, and that thus the Funded Debt might be
still further reduced ; but whenever it should be found
necessary to add to the Funded Debt to keep the
machine at work, he should oppme it. He could
never think any .tdvantage could arise from borrow.
ing with one hand to pay with the other, except the
advantage which uould ret.ult to loar.•mongers and
cum ractort,.

Mr. 11A R INC: approved of the system adopted by
this Chancellor of tl.e Exchequer: at the same time,
he considered the country as greatly indebted to his
Right lion. Friend (Mr. Tierney) for bringing for-
ward hi; Resolutions, and thus calling forth those of
the lion. Crentleman oppos to ; by which every one
who could read and would read, might be put in
pi.ises-ion of the stale of the Finances of the Country.
The iik.nottrahle tlentlettun strongly reprobated any
attempt to hreak faith with the• Public Creditor ;
which, he said, most be attended with the most mis-
chievous effects. He could not help expressing his
surprise that the Chancellor of the Exchequer should
on every opportunity revert to and regret the decision
of the Howe on the subject of the Property Tax—a
tax which, if it had been coniihued, must have beets
attended with the inie.t tuinons effects. With respect
to smuggli7g, he curdeirded, that the decrease its the
amount of the duties was owing to the facilities given
to that branch of drier( trade, particularly silk He
agreed with the Honourable Baronet, that much of
our distress was to be placed to the profuse expendi-
ture adopted during the war; and sure he was, that
it economy had been used, this country nOght, at
least, have saved one hundred millions. If die House
had done its duty its that respect, much might have
been saved; but Ministers never thought of reduction
or the. expenditure until it became a question of—
reduce, or turn out ;" and then they could lower
the peace establishment from 2 millions to 17 mil.
lions. He was ready to admit, that though trade
had not returned to a sound state, yet it was reviving
to a certain extent, and was rapidiy approachin3 to a
sound state.

Mi. nuNKISSON, in allusion to what had fallen
from the Honourable Gentleman, denied that his
Noble Friend had ever stated the Peace Establish-
ment could not he reduced below 22 millions. On
the contrary, he had distinctly tamed that meaur. were
taking for putting the Eitablishment on a much
lower scale, and this year that object had been ac-
complished. He defended Minters for the applica-
tion of the monies voted fur carrying on the war.
The Right Hon. Gentleman entered into some finan-
cial statements to show that the application of the
it.come was correctly made, and noticed the Report
ot the. Finance Committee on the subject.
The previous question was then put upon the Re-
solutions of Mr. Tait:six, which was tattled, and the
Resolutions ot the Honourable Member (Mr. Grant)
were agreed to.
hir S. ltohlll.l.Y moved for a copy •of the Presentments of
the Grand Jury of Dontinica.
Gen, ral ft I ITC ki L LI. defended the conduct of the proprietors
of estttes in the West hulks, and stated, as a proof Ist the good
treanicnt ot the nrgroes, that the slaves hi the Islands had in-
creased greatly.
Mr. bROUGHAM admitted that the fact might be as stated
by the Honourable General. he complaint, however, was, not
against the proprietors of West India property, but against the
Overseers 01 the estates. The Honourable Gentleman aieded to
the appointment of s:,rue person (whom he would not name) to
fill a high situation in one of the colonies, oh.cli appointment was
a disgrace to the Government. He would abstain from naming
him on account of his family.
Mr. MOSE pressed the Honourable Gentleman to name the
person alluded to.
Mr. BRGUGHAM observed, that the case alluded to was oot
unlike that of Mr. Manners, who bad been appointed to a situa-
tion, and who,e conduct had been the subject of investigutsun iu
a Court of Justice.

After some conversation, in which Mr. W. SMITU, General
Mr. Roux, and Sir S. It outt.t.r, made swan? Wow-
imams, the motion was agreed to.—Adjourned at this o'Clock.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1817.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK I

itcluctd --Culls. 78 it-10: Org. 7(Jwul ihir.

per Cra.r..,.6;!--5 rer Cruz. Navy; le-s.!;:;
laktix Buhiii 92 pre.—Bark LoLe,
Exchequer 1311.. 1174. 1 Ss. pr.

This morning Consols were done at SO for the Angust account.
They yesterday opened at 7f,;, and left off at t 4. his !nursling
they opened at Ta!, and rose to and # for the resent accenint.
An immense chattily of Stock was ipt• rchased at that vice. anti!
the. Exchange were all buyers. Pohcies were this mornii.e.
opened that Consols weak! be dom. at '4.i by the Alq,Ui:
such is the confilence placed tt the state of the Country trout
the favourable aservations made by the Cl' stN.:CLI Olt of the
liv.::taqusa last night La the house of Ccmmuns.

Several topics possessing considerable importance
occtepied the attention cu. the Commons last night.—
A motion by Mr. Wlteettrottce for an Address to
the l'u:sce REGENT on the, subject of the too general
infractions which had taken place in the Treaties
made with Foreign Powers, relating to the Abolition
of the Slave Trade, was agreed to. after an interze-
ing disenssion. The principal impediments in the
vt:,y et the complete abolition. of this diabolic traffic,
saetn tc rest with Spain and Portugal—two Powers,
r,h ch, bct for :he generous efforts of our own Coun-
try, would not, at this day, have had power to do
eit:ier good or evil. To us it appears, we confess,
the height of absurdity to suffer th continuance of a
crime, which we have power to command to cease.
The wickedness is cur own, if we continue to suffer
it. These dealers in human flesh have no more right
to reize Africans to cultivate their lands, than they
have to sein cn Germacs, on Frenchmen, or Eng-
lishmen.

The different statements of Mr. Trzarrev and Mr.
GRANT were braught into discussion. The former
acknowledged, with great frankness, that an error of
some magnitude had crept into his first Resolution,
from his overlooking the fact, that tour millions of
Irish Treasury Bills had been paid off in the course
of the year, or rather exchanged for Exchequer Bills;
but, otter this dedoction, there was Still a difference
,of A 1.31-10000 between his results and those offered

by Mr. CRANT, to tv!lose talents h• paid a merited
compliment. Mr. CitaNr maintained that !is scate.
merits were founded c,n if:cc:it:over:4,le data ; and W-
timately Mr. I'l7ttvii.i's !tcsoltui-ps w re resy.to
In the course of the deli Ate, the Cu t!
E7CCUIECUEIt lamented that the sense o; the fiensr I ad
been against hisn'on the qnestion of the Income T.
and attributed the embarrassments that had siacr eft
experienced to the loss of that question. Mr.
(of Norwich) controverted- the doctrines of the !d:.
nister, and nia.ncained that the late rise of 11le
instead of being a benefit. caused an ahsoftit,-; 1371 to
the nation. His argument we held to be lin lIISA't I •
able. The Three per Cents. he rematked, hail
at C 5, and the slim expended by the Comnis.-e-
-tor redeeming the National Delat is i l '..!(),111;if •-;:11
purchasing day (of which there are ban it: e.o. •,k)
with which at 6.5 they could buy i:i.)0,0...!;:; nut
now
.the same sum coa'.d only purchase kl!'hittlo—
making a d.fference of about £s.t)oo,(ttil r-r
It seems, however, to be the gene, .11 ne.ini.,n. sr,;:, ;3
the House and out of it, the the Cu rscitf.:_:).i. .1e
ExcricQuett has acted wisely in r ring the .er;.itts
money required by the piiblic serrlccs, not ':
but by Issues of Erehever
The Act alluded b:, Sir J. C. F:-.-iost.re
Tuesday night, and which b zit flours
almost rub silent:a entitled "?.0 Act ::.; -eve! at the
administration of Oaths in errtain cases 0-7i:ers is
his Majesty's Land and Sea Torce" e 0,1 tt.t
greatest itoportance, in as rnte:h as it compfe:tl7
does away tilme otwim::ous incapacitiel of
Roman CatholL :chow-;objects principa;l) e-m-
-plained. 1:y this Act they ate allowed to c 0!..: the
Army and Navy with,,at taking the previt,a, v Y.
(II tired oath befc.re their admission, and tier n:.ty
therefore now attain the highest ranks iii these- Ser-
vices; for :he necessity of taking oaths atter tratering•
the Service k done away by the Annual Act id Ll-
demtlity, passed at the beginning of each Ses.i-a.
