DISSOLUTIONS OF PARTNERSHIPS.

Crozall Sand and Ilodson, Walsall, Staffordshire, coal-dealers.—
Asher and Willey, Newark-upon-Trent, brick-makers. C. and
W. Vaasa', Cardiff, druggists. Wood and Dunning, Whitby,
milliners. Laurie and,bP Nellan, Alloa; brewer,. Hunter and
Main, Glasgow, cotton-yarn-merchants. Ferrand and Joseph,
Star corner, 13ermondsey, window-blind-manufacturers. N. and
3. Merridew, Coventry, printers. Ireland and Sawyer, Stapie
I nu, attornies. Downward and Co. Liverpool, wholesale-grocer,.
Holden and Co. Royton, Lancashire, cotton-spinners. Peacock
and Wardle, Northallenon, linendrapers. Kirkland and Bade-
Nish, Coventry, bilk-manufacturers. Nash and Payne, Mal.
don, marhiers. Lough and Skotter, Sittingbougge, cheniirta,
J. and T. S.twers Exeter, rectifiers.

SPANISH?' PAPERS.
MADRTD, FEBRUARY e,
To-night we hold the pen in our hand to denounce
to the nation the insult which has been offered it by
some malcontents in the persons of some of its most
illustrious Representatives; but expressions fail us to'
paint with sufficient !once the enormity of such an
outrage; and, on the other hand, we think lye shall
do a signal service to the Spanish nation by dowel-
ing from it this scandalous proceeding, arid prevent-
in .
g. as far as depends upon us, its reaching the ear
of foreigners—particularly of those who are labour-
ing.unceasingly for our ruin. Other journalists have
anticipated us in giving an account of this event, rind
we have no doubt that the promoters of so disgrace-
ful an outrage will boast of it as a triumph. Those
journalists who have related the circumstances have,
more or less, misrepresented them. The most im-
portant of those circumstances are the insulting ex-
pressions offered to some Deputies of the Cortes on
leaving Congress yesterday, and the attempt to pull
down the house of Count Torreno, threatening him-
self with death—the house of Count Totreno, which
affords an asylum to the widow of the martyr Porlier,
whose affliction these barbarians endeavoured to in.
crease by adding to it the death of her brother.
But let us see what is the motive for such rage,
and what those men have done who, on former occa-
sions, were the favourites of the nation—who were
considered as the firmest pillars of liberty, and who,
as such, were marks for the sarcasms, the invectives,'
and even the menaces of certain persons. This, this
is the whole of their offence—they love liberty—they
endeavour to prevent its degenerating into anarchy
—they know the most secret intentions of our enemies
—they frustrate their efforts, and are resolved rather
to die than to suffer their criminal projects to succeed.
This, this is the crime which renders them odious in
the eyes of those who seek to destroy us.

EXTRAORDINARY CORTES. •
SITTINO OF FEBRUARY 5. •
The PRESIDENT ordered Articles 75 and 76 of the
Regulation to be read, and after they were read, spoke
as follows it is with much pain that I see myself
under the necessity of recalling an article of your re-
gulation ; but the Cortes and the Public know how
impossible it is to be silent in the face of the events
of yesterday. , Let us undeceive ourselves—the bul-
wark of the Constitution and of our liberties is the
Cortes. There cannot be Cortes without discussion,
and there cannot be discussion if the Deputies are not
free to express their opinions. What more could our
enemies desire than disorders of this nature? Placed
in this chair for the third time, I shall die, but I shall
die bearing witness to the whole world, that if years
of persecution for defendin the liberties of my coun-
try have not made me succumb, neither shall I suc-
cumb at the sight of greater risks. Unfortunate
Spain, at a time when the persons of its Deputies are
not respected. If they are thus attacked, what shall
we hope for? Those are declared enemies of the
Constitution who do ant re pest the National Repre-
sentatives. In these critical circumstances the Public
ought to be informed, that at the first noise in the
galleries I shall end this sitting; and I should like-
wise desire that some Member of the Congress would
excite its zeal by a proposition on the insult offered
yesterday to the National Representatives, not only
with a view to the preset ration of their persons, which
would be of small consequence, but to preserve the
National Representation and the Constitution."
There was read the following proposition of Senor
GALICIA PACE: _ _

—•-- -
" In consideration of the events which happened yesterday, I
request the Corms to order that the Secretaries of State be called
immediately to Congress to give information on the means taken
by Government to avoid the result of these events, and the pre-
cautions that hive been enforced to maintain the public tran-
quillity, and to agree to those which belong to the power of
the Cortes."
This proposition was not admitted to discussion.
There was then read the following proposition of
Senor CEPER:): _

" That a diepatch be sent to Ministers, requiring their im-
mealiafi attendance, to inform the Cortes of the occurrences of
yesterday on the rising of the Sitting, of the insults offered to va-
rious Deputies, and of the means which had been taken to pre-
vent their repetition."
Its author then said—" During the course of yes-
terday I was witness of a scene which exceeds all the
horrors I have ever seen, and, in the midst of my mis-
fortunes, which are well known, I never experienced
A pain like that of yesterday. I saw, in some sense,
' my country threatened with slavery ; for what can he
hoped for the preservation of freedom, when the Na-
tional Repre..entation, to which the Public have trusted
their lights and liberties, is trampled upon? Let it
not be supposed that I blame the Spanish people, or
even the people of Madrid. They are not capable of
an outrage of this nature. The Deputies who have
received the powers of the nation have not contracted
any greater obligation than to preserve the Consti-
tution: and how tan they do se, if they may be
trampled upon with impunity ? Those Deputies who
were yesterday insulted exposed their breasts to the
daggers of assassins, out of love for their country ;
but can all the Members of Congress be supposed to
possess the same firmness of character ? Those who
brought about the scandalous scene of yesterday are
declared enemies of their country, and have inflicted
la deeper wound on it than the rebels who lift their
hands against it. I cannot but recall the indignity
committed in the house of the widow of Porlier—of
that hero who was sacrificed for his country, and
whose name is written in this august place as a testi-
mony of national gratitude. That house was pulled
down, because it sheltered Count Torreno—the illus-
trious Deputy—whose sacrifices and services need no
praise of mine:' The Hon. Deputy concluded by pro.
posing to adopt the Resolution stated above.
Senor SANCHO said, that all the National Repre-
sentation were insulted in the indignity offered to
their colleagues yesterday.—" It is as much an insult
to shout viva. to a Deputy for his opinions, as to cry
" Death" to him ; and, therefore, satisfied with the
approbation of my conscience, I equally despise both.
If the Deputies are net free to express their opinions,
there is no longer a Constitution. But are the Cortes
really without liberty? I am far from beihg of this
opinion. But Congress ought to consult its own dig-
nity, as well as its freedom, and to exterminate a mi-
serable faction, which is only of importance in pro-
portion as it excites disorders.' In the opinion of this
Deputy, the infliction of punishment was more ne-
cessary than the calling for from Govern-
'went. He concluded with the following motion:—
" That a Commission be appointed, which, after con-

ascribed all this to the feebleness of Govern's.— _,
had taken no precautions to prevent, on the prov.
dax, scenes similar to those which had occurred thile
days before. He declared his respect for the Count
de Torreno ; and said, that as soon as he heard of
the insult offered him, he sallied forth from his house,
determined to die by his side. " As a Deputy, and as
Quiroga (said he), I cannot but declare it is op OA,
nion that the Congress should instantly dirett thp
Authorities to fulfil their duties, and to procure re-
spect for the laws."
Senor RAMON= bore testimony to the small num-
ber concerned in the attack on the two Deputies.
Senor MARTINEZ de la Rosa said, that he would
not have spoken on this occasion were it not to tes-
tify for the zeal with which the Authorities acted in
extending their protection to MM. So much were
they disposed to afford him all the defence in their
power, that he was himself obliged to countermand
the troops they were sending to guard his house. He
did not, however: think that the Cortes ought to en-
tertain the question, unless submitted to them by
Government. The occurrences of the preceding day
had sufficiently shewn the weakness of the disor-
ganizing factions, which had no other means than
their audacity. They would disappear before firm-
ness and prudence.
Conde de Tonaesto.-41 My view of the subject is
the same as that expressed by Senor Martinez de la
Ro,a. It is certain that our persons, alone were in-
sulted, but in them an insult was offered to the whole
of the National Representation. The house of a citi-
zen, of a Deputy, which formed the asylum of the
widow of a Porlier, has been forcibly entered. Sonic
of my servants were maltreated and wounded. Per
haps those who committed this attack have been in-
stigated by some of the persons who contributed to
the tragic end of Porlier, and by whom I was perse-
cuted even in a foreign land. I might name some
chiefs of assassins, whom I know, But what can the
Cortes do in this affair ? On this point I think with
Senor Martinez de la Rosa, but I do not concur in
his declaration, that he wool; present himself un-
armed to the poniards of the assassins. If they re-
turn to attack my house, they shall not enter it un-
less they take it as they would a fortress. Let us then
proceed tranquilly with the discussion of the Law
Project. If there should be any doubt of certain
abuses, in which the Press has no slight part, the
events of yesterday must remove it. I must add,
that I have nothing to complain of any of the Autho-
rities, since they all did their duty. I know not what
was the intention of the mob, but it is certain that
they had purchased ropes to bind me with. The
thing, however, being passed, I do not believe that 1
have any personal danger to fear. The Authorities
have sent more troops to my house than are neces-
sary to repress any disorder."
Senor SANCIIO.-41 I envy the virtue of Senor Mar-
tinez de la Rosa and the Conde de Torreno, for cer-
tainly there is great virtue in disdaining popular faiLe,
and in that firmness of character which they exhibit.
It is not, however, a personal question with them,
but with the Cortes. Yesterday the whole National
Representation, not single Deputies, was attacked ;
and the Congress is bound to spew the interest it takes
in seeing the Constitution and the National Represen-
tation respected. I insist that the Cortes cannot look
on this affair with indifference. It is said that the
Cortes have not failed in their duty ; but though that
should be the fact, it is not the less necessary to inves-
tigate the origin of the evil. I attribute no weight to
what has been said by Senors Martinez de la Rosa
and the Conde de Torreno against my proposition,
because I perceive that their oppo,ition arises from
delicacy. The Cortes are bound for the protection of
their inviolability, and for the sake of decorum, to
investigate the matter."
Senor CALATRAVA.—" The Cortes must not delay
the adoption of energetic measures. I who consider
it a disgrace to have maintained an opinion conform-
able to that which the authors of this outrage affect
to entertain, solicit and demand such measures as are
absolutely necessary. There exists amongst us a fiber-
ticidal faction, which serves the views of foreigners,
and labours in their pay to destroy the Constitution of
Spain. This faction must be extingui..hed; for if that
be not done, great will be the hazard which the coun-
try wilt have to run. When two illustrious Deputies
who have done so much for the cause of liberty in
Spain are insulted—when the whole National Repre-
sentation is insulted—what is not to be feared if such
excesses be not repressed? Yet those men who yes-
terday committed so horrible an outrage have the au-
dacity to call themselves Liberales ! What, they Li-
bet-ales Infamous wretches. The liberal-man respects
the laws, but they have openly violated them. What
Liberal would break into the house of a Citizen, of
a Representative of the Nation, in which a person so
respectable as the widow of General Porlier resided?
They Liberales! Be who they may, they are traitors;
for such the law declares all those to be who in any
way attack the liberty of the Cortes ! What ingrati-
tude does this outrage manifest. To attack the house
of a Deputy, who has a thousand times exposed his
life for the cause of liberty, and in which the widow
of him who died so boldly for the cause of liberty
had taken up her abode! I hope the motion will be
approved ; if not, I will propose another."
Senoj ZAPATAv-.-di Those who, while they invoke
Liberty and the Constitution, endeavour to destroy
both, are the greatest of traitors. Those vile assassins
who yesterday insulted the Congress, and in particu-
lar two of its most distinguished Members, have been
instigated by some ambitious men, destitute of talents
or virtue, for such alone could engage in similar
disorders. They wish by disorder to destroy the pre-
sent Cortes, because they have the audacity to found
the most foolish hopes in the next Congress. Yester.,
day I heard from the base mouths of some of them
the cry-4 Live the next Deputies!' I consider it to
be the duty of the Cortes to take the most efficacious
measures for repressing disorders so fatal to liberty."
Here the discussion was closed, and the motion of
Senoi Sancho approved.
The following Deputies were appointed to foirn

Under the present cireum.
Aer my delicacy compromised
subject. I make this sacrifice with
pleaiore, and care very little what notice my con-
duct in this respe:t may excite. My principles and
coaiduct are well known. I renounce the right (f
speaking.."-.Two more Deputies declined to speak;
after which the debate went on in the usual mintier.
MADRID, FEBRUARY S.

iattava, Sancho, Be.
Crespo Cantolla.
proceeded to the further
relative to the abuses of the,

observed, that the turn for speak-
Calatriva.

‘k ithout
We have several times promised to our readers, when
rtioo
tvseermy
we have exhorted them not to give credit to the re-
ports respecting a foreign inva,i,,n, which were gra.
propagated, probably god in.
duallytenton ,P"thPa3t yiouwinctiel
disguise, any danger which might threaten our liberty
and independence. In compliance with this promise,
we are bound to notice the more than suspicious con-
duct observed by the French Authorities on the fron-
tier, with respect to our fugitive rebels, and the in-
stigatoss of disturbances amongst us. We have al-
ready stated that our Government has Fresented
energetic remonstrances to the Fiend) Government,
complaining of a hostile connivance. We besides
know, that our Consul at Baymine has requested that
the Spanish refugees should be sent into the interior
of France, as the French Government had ot.lere.3.
But what effect was to he expected from the 1. plic:p.
tion of the Consul to the Authorities of &syunne,
when we find that the same Gavel nment which had
ordered the refugees to proceed to the , ha;
given passports to Quesada, and others of iii gang,
to enable them to go and take up their residence la
the last towns on the French side ?—Gisitersai.

`J 'ls 6 ,4 fA

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, ISl`_'2.
STOCK EXCHANGE, ELEVEN O'CLOCK.
This day (Ash Wednesday) is a liolilay at the Bank ; never.
theless the Stock Exchange is open, and a great or business
is transacting. Consuls opened this morning at iid Navy
5 per Cents. 1031 to 104. We understand a ',rut quantity of the
Navy 5 per Cents. have been purchased For the Account day.
Letters from Paris yesterday, state, that the Houle of a....
there, has purchased a million of renter, and the same firm in
London sold half of the above sum.
The Spanish and Neapolitan Funds at Paris were rather bitter
than in London.

LONDON.

This morning, at half-past eleven o'clock, Mr. Iltse, of the
Rank, waited upon the GentLmen of the Stock Exchange, a::1
gave notice, that Lord Livearoox requested the Banker, zi:d
Holders of Navy Five per Cents. to attend 4 Fill, I 10a.t., on
Friday, at one o'clock.—Upon this notice being ani:ounctd,
Consols immediately tide meta a quarter per c:-Ist. but ft. m
some heavy sales for the present and ensuing A:count, tl: y
have again declined, aid are Row at ;eh t.
The Navy 3 per Cells. have improved, th y are row 104;
many persons who had scld out at a high price, are now ;I:r-
-chasing at this price. The projected transfer of the Navy 5 per
Cents. at the present price (104) to the 3 per Cents. or the 4;a
Cents. will reduce the income of the Annuhants rather mom
than 1 per Cent. as it will appear by the f01i0.% ing calculation:
ael.lo Consols, yearly income £4. 10s. at ?di per Cent.
£ll7. 3s. 9d.

OXE O'CLOCK.

£ll2. 13s. 7d. Navy, yearly income .C 5. 12s. sd. at 104,
2117. 3s. 9d.—li reduced to 4 per Cent. the same su:u of
Stock, viz. £ll2. Os. 7d. will only produce a yearly incume
of 24. 10s. Ed.

A Hamburgh Mail, bringing Papers to the 13th
instant, reached us this forenoon. The following are

extracts:

zit*
etddrt 'ire Government and
.. • • isi, the Mira Comeattse,
thalami, toarpropose to the wit .. —, as like; Dario, and Crespa
it may think proper, iffielle to the mint • - - The Cortes then procei
, - •
of yesteraay." . ..- , .. of the Law Project- 1
Senor QUIIOOA strotigly • inveighed *gain 4. *rty of the Press.
scandalous disorders of the proven* day. • • Tne PRIIIIDZST obseri
been shouted to the freedom of tht Press and to Riego; In belonged to Senor CI
but they had likewiseheattivtaits toawaltiatittitinir, - ArIMOE CALAISAifite..-1
and.cries of 41 Death /Of kiego' and Quiroga." Ile stances, I should (onside
____:k-A -u es.:-.....1..r.5da..•.efif Gdaernmsat. who ill spoke on this subject
