•
too well to believe that they flee before VIM
ywal accept the combat, and your retreat will be
itch, They address you as comrades : return
, , in a mass; believe not these perfidious words,
,at you are fighting for peace : No ; you are fight-
; for the insatiable ambition of a Sovereign who
,hes not for peace, otherwise he would have had it
. g ago, and o =kelt sport of the blood of his
taw troopS, Return to your own cows-try, or accept
'n the mean time an asylum in Russia ;you will there
in the words—conscription, levy, ban and arriere-
-1145— so short, all that military tyranny of which
• every moment condemned to feel the yoke."
To are •
Burr 07 A FRENCH GRENADIER.
0 saran os RUSSIA—Those alone are the slaves
itito are made to march against their vrill, and made
to
march by the cane. The French soldier, a free-
tom knows no other bond than honour and the law.
We love new' been told that yell thought lightly of
our yaker: that would be too absurd. Amsteten,
flollahron, Austerlitz, Pultusk, Eylau, Friedland,
are too fresh in your memories. As for us, we see at
0 moment merely what we have always seen. Fly
woe us ! You fled from Swisserland,—you fled
kspAusterlitz,—(happy that you were suffered to
Isla your own country,)—you continued to fly af-
seri day of Friedland,—and you fly still 1 We ex-
nothing less; and it cannot surprise us now.—
gliag
most able manoeuvres, your armies- are sepa--
olitad divided from each other,—your columns
sakr without a pointy—all your entrenched camps
maindoned,—your vast magazines fall into our
isbor are destroyed,—the capital of Russian Po-
le& is our power, and six millions of Lithuanian
Maspionfederated with five millions of Poles of the
Nil of Warsaw, take up arms to demand their
lights! Already more than six thousand of those
. as Poles have deserted your eamp, and come
sous. You foresee our retreat: where have we
tet beatefi the retreat before you i You hold the
al arrogant language that you held twenty years
Igo, There has been a great chane since in the
world. The trial is over. We now know ourselves.

You speak of the insatiable ambition of our So-
ur*: but which is the more ambitious—the So-
Taeign who, after victory, evacuates immense pro-
sisoes, through love of peace; or he who, after de-'
kat and disgrace, unites almost at the same time,'
Finland, Moldavia, and Wallachia, to his States—
rites on portions of Eastern Prussia and Gallicia—
and feedshis ambition with the plunder of his allies,
the Swedes, the Prussians, and' the Austrians ?
Where would this man have stopped, if he had been
victorious ? You give us your advice to desert !
None but traitors advise treachery. We will not
offer you that. advice : we despise desertion. We
will call only to the unfortunate Poles—we will tell
them that their country is re•established—we will tell
them to quit-the ranks of their oppressors, to coma
over (and, in fact, they do come, and will more and
more every day), and form under the While Eagle
of Poland, which led their foiefathes-s up to the walls
of Moscow. We will tell them that the i.our of re.
attraction has sounded for their country—that the
Cliaderation of Poland, under the Grand Mareschal
Crartoriski, calls them from the service of '
#fit►--and that honour and religion command
&come and take their part in the mighty work
thetevival of their country.
• You offer us an asylum in Russia. What, would
have us to quit our lowly land for your lioni d
?.quit the protecting laws of a civilized
for bondage to the.soul and slavery t We are
should we become beasts of burden t and what

d you give us in return ? Your whole empire in
, would not be worth a single province of our's.
" You tidk to us of the conscription—of military
tyranny ! Theconseription is a law of the land : sixty
I'. is of citizens easily supply the recruiting of our
We march because it is the command of the
In. But you, pitched upon by the masters whose
roperty you are, you are here for life, without
bowing why one has been chosen rather than another,
simply at the good pleasure of your Lords. You
✓e
&livered over by them to the recruiting, as they
wuld deliver horses or oxen. Military tyranny, do
you say ? The tyranny is with you, who are caned,
ad who can never rise to rank I—with you, with
whom fear, and nor honour, is the nerve of discipline I
At all events, the hour is not far off, when we will
Eire freedom toyour brethren,—when we will extin-
pith slavery in the Russian Empire,—and when we
all te.establish even you in your rights. Every pea.
ant shall then be the subject and citizen of the State,
►be shall be master of his labour and his time,—he
slall be no more the property of his Lord, like his
hems or oxen. Now, then, and thus, we will solicit
YOU to desert; we will tell you, that we are actually
liking for your rights and your families, and that
l 4 ought to second us against your oppressors. The
4"7 of man is against his rights, and against his
teligion. We end, by thanking you for your corn-
lamication of your Plan of the Campaign. You re.
he to draw us on : you say we are sensible of the
lenetosity of telling us so. Continue to inform us of
Your intentions by the noble means which you have
adopted; we will not fail, to turn the information to
alvantale."

THE EVENING WAR.

Lotion.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST It
Tx* Panes RIGINI)14 BIRTII-DAY.—HOlidip

hour Second Edition -of yesterday we gave the
at% Bulletin of the French army, and this morning
%fare received the Ninth. They bring down Ole
!Pinions of the camiaign in Russia to the 28th ult.
lilt still
. they narrate no event which ought to strike
krar or alarm into the minds of those who take an
%rest in the struggle which Russia is now making,
Ile the welfare of surrounding nations. The French
,Iltrecrossed the Dwina it is true : they have also cc-
!Pied the Russian entrenched camps at to anilsurg and
kteua, but they have been taught on many occasions
ilrliPert the valour and intrepidity pf the troops
"Iftli ale opposed to them. The affair. in which
I,4mANI was " driven back a league," as the Bul-
I% artfully expresses it, we have no doubt was a
itbrilliant and glorious victory obtained by the
4wl/2
tad was, probably, cut of the actioUs, which
