SOUTH AMERICA.

MANIFESTO ADDRESSED BY THE SUPREME
DIRECTOR OF CHILI TO OTHER NATIONS,
ritinTlNG nit worms JUTTWICA.IIOI4 Or MI ILZVOLL'TION Or
THAT COUNTRY, MID TICH DICLMIATION Or ITS raiwazzamics,
HWITD CHILI, riIIZUAILY 12, 1118.

" At a time when the justice of the American
cause is no longer an object exclusively consigned to
the pens of certain Philosophers who early proclaimed
it, and that inquisitorial spirit which condemned
their works no longer exists ; at a time when all the
polished nations are busied in this great question,
examining it rather on the score of its expected issue,
than the principle of right to our emancipation, in
which they all agree; at a time when these same
principles are exactly conformable with those which
Spain. herself lately proclaimed in support of her
own sovereignty, and used as a sanction to her heroic
resistance against France; in short, at a time when
posterity no longer requires the printed records of
the history of our occurrences, which, from father
to son, will be more solidly propagated and trans-
mitted by the bold and inextinguishable tradition of
the very Liberty we have now attained, it would ap-
pear unnecessary to exhibit the reasons which have
induced Chili to declare her Independence, if con-
stant practice, and what we owe to the dignity of
those Powers, in the rank of whom we are about to
enter, did not compel us to this step, on the other
hand, conformable to our own honour and the re-
spect we owe them.
'Flndeed, for the felicity of the human race, that
dark period has gone by, in which, whilst the learn-
ed of Europe deplored the situation of Colonial esta-
blishments, in us even the relief of complaining was
deemed a crime, as well as the remembrance of the
Conquest, unless it was to eulogize the bloody power
of the Usurpers by whom it was effected. Those
chivalrous days have now gone by, in which, autho-
rised by the absurd fashion of single combat, the
right of force alone held sway, a principle as incon-
sistent in itself as violence and consent are in them-
selves contradictory, without the latter of which no
man can exercise dominion over his fellow-being.—
This abuse undermined the foundations of the autho-
rity raised up upon it, because, either the subjects
had the right to recover their liberty as soon as they
were stronger, or the means by which they were de-
prived of it were not legal.
" This is the position in which America is at present
placed. Spain, invading our coasts, under the simo•
niacal pretext of a religion profaned b) those pseudo-
apostles, who, in order to preach it, sought out the
veins of the mineral ridges in the same way as a sur-
geon does those of the body to bleed, has not since
endeavoured to legitimate this horrid title, unless
through the medium of that ratification with which
some politicians have pretended to give value to the
celebrated diploma of the conquest.
" Far from this America, without the smallest par-
ticipation in these Cortes formed by and sold to the
caprice of Spanish rulers—bound to the superstition:
observance. of an oath taken without powers by a
Magistracy, who at public auction had purchased
the right of being a performer in this fanatical farce,
forbidden to enter into any discussion 'respecting
the cause of her obedience, sentenced, in short, with-

,out being heard, to endure her slavery in silence,
would have lost, with the use of her tongue, the re-
membrance of her evils, if it had been as easy to for-
get them as it was to deprive her of speech. But they
were continually present aid alive in the feelings of
all, owing to the very system of policy kept up by
our executioners, who derived courage and delight
at the portent of our forbearance, whilst they ought
rather to have been deafened by the clanking of the
chains we were compelled to drag about with us.
" That miserable remnant of Indigenes who have
been able to survive so many millions of victims,
and who, scattered about in various wandering tribes,
as the sand-hills in the midst of the desart, in their
plaints and elegies still preserve the monumental re-
cord of their sad persecution, thus proving their re-
pugnance to the yoke of their aggressors, as well as
by the constant war they wage against them, and
which continually keep the frontiers of our settle-
ments in a state of ferment ? What argument, there-
fore, can Spain deduce in her own favour, hated as
she is by the natives, and rejected by the descendants
of the first conquerors, the moment they are enabled
to open their lips without the dread of having them
again closed by cruel torture? We claim the right
with which the servant quits the master by whom he
is ill-treated ; the right of him who, emancipated by
the growth of time, is able to manage his own affairs,
and is master of his own actions ; the right of him
who issues from a state of wardship, aria we have
moreover the generosity to forbear calling our late
guardian to account ; the right of the steward, who,
having become richer than his employer, and amply
repaid his past favours and protection, now feels
himself strong enough to lay aside the trammels of
dependence. Having besides received from nature
the right of birth, we are enabled to call that land
Quit COUNTRY in which we first beheld the light of
day, and where we have learned to partake of the
civilization of the age.
" The long and united efforts of tyranny have
never been able to destroy this right, derived, as it
is, from nature. By virtue of this we now cousti.•
tute an association of men equally as free as those
who were first conquered. But Spain, not less cruel
with us than with them, always uniform in her plans
of death and desolation, through the medium of her
legislation, has consummated in us all the horrors ex-
ercised by the sword during the conquest. We do
not now seek to recur to that Code of the Indies, dic-
tated only for the purpose of training the neophytes
of slavery under the ecclesiastical feudalism of cate-
chisers and the inhuman controul of the Encomien-
das. That abject portion of the human race, for
whom were compiled the cruel decrees of an Isabella,
a Ferdinand, a Philip, and a Charles, no longer exists
—no longer possesses any share of civil life. More
enlightened people have now succeeded to those do
vastated regions, and by them the three centuries of
infamy which have preceded, are felt with double

. -
keenness. Our sister provinces, which before us had

formed themselves into Independent States, have also
exhibited to the judgment of other nations the exten-
ded picture of their misfortunes, which those same
. . . .

nations had always beheld with as much astonishment
as they had viewed our long forbearance with amaze.
By so doing, they have rendered it unnecessary for

us to retrace the general outline, as every ene
aware that there has been no variation or respite
this system of oppression, cruelty, and depredateaccompanied by all the evils of a studied slaver.
sustained by all the inventions of a fierce d •
" if the institution of Government, knows no oth,
origin than that of men seeking a support to the
curity and prosperity of the association to which tl
belong; how is it possible that the people of A,
rica could have conferred their powers, in ordet
become more unhappy and humiliated? Who col
believe that the Americans, possessors of land
most rich and fertile in the universe, would wish,
inhabit it for the only pupose of watering with ti
tears the sacrilegious interdict that it shall not p:
duce? That the olives and vines should be orda
to be rooted up in Chili 0, fur the mere purpose
compelling us to receive the oil and brandies cf I
Peninsular That on the Pillars of Hercule.
.., )7
to go and register the tarif formed only f,,e 0„ „
local and passive trade ? That in this exclusiet o,
ket we were bound to receive the same latv asthetii
vernors ofJuan Fernandez Island impose on the wa,
of the captives confided to 'their cam? Thl.r:.:
our coasts were neglected and exposed to the attere•
of an invader, Spain should absorb from us t;.--

lions of Cosorti.house dues, under the prt:;.E,
guarding them with ships, but which never appe;
there unless when they came to make war upo:i
That being forbidden to trade with o:her
from her we should be compelled to buy fir ten%
from theni we could have had for one; and that
tcrdicted from all intercourse with foreigners,
whole of the latter should have been eroelled
Chili, together with the books in theirowahnzu:
That both ideas and interests being held in ilie
monopoly, the freedom of the press, and evi
thought, should have been proscribed with so
severity, that in our University it was fcrkidi:
agitate the question of the pretended Empire o
Monarch of the Indies, in order to prevent 3.7.7
'cussion respecting the titles of a dominion as in
it is shameful. In short, notwithstanding our arc]
are boded with resolutions purporting to ma;
equal, and wrested from the Sovereign by er.e
and reiterated complaints of the injured, has
not still to go a distance of three thousind leagt
obtain redress, and then find that justice is ben
and sold in the tribunals of Spain? Have r¢
long been silent spectators of our own midcrt•
and been entirely dependent on the whim and ca;
of our masters?

" But how can the latter now any longer st.
a character they have abused, when the dawn s
has at length beamed upon us; and when o:
other hand we have outgrown that tenible sta,
infancy in which they sought to keep us? We
feel ashamed that we have patiently endured of
tuation for so many }tars, and blush for that
habitude of respect on which our subservience
been founded. Let us ask, is not the time cctn
cancelling the bond held as a mortgage on :be i
given by Queen Isabella for the expedition of C
bus? Are we still to be debtors, after the many
lions we have sent over to l'iladrici? No—the 1
lution of Spain, and the indocility of our execution
have placed in our hands the lever by which this
supportable load is to be raised.
" We cannot let the p:opitious momert sli
unheeded, without beinz; unanswerable to post
Not to know our rights by the very lessons
herself has given to us—not to leave them secure
resting on a solid Independence, would be a
deserving of the execration of our children, and
opprobrium of the present age. Our Indepad
we have declared, and the sighs still wrested fn
by the _hostility of our unjust rivals, shall be
ened by the satisfaction of guaranteeing to ti
scendants of the ancient conquerors, that Litt
which the Spaniards despoiled their ancestor:
wise, WC CAN, therefore we OUGHT to be FM.
" Such is the consequence naturally anz:p
from the above premises, so evidently fcurdei
fact and right. Let us no logger ask Spain vi
the right she still alleges over us. Let us look t
principles sits has herself promulgated in fart
her own sovereignty, after the seizure of Ferdi i
Let us observe her conduct ; let us compare t
our own, and let us not forget her locality ane.
tion. The result will be the justice of our own c.

• By Decree of 15th October. 1767.
f Royal Order cf. Ist September, 1750.

Mr. Pops, of the Bristol Custom-House, ha!
in the Press, an entirely new Edition, beir
Fourth, of " The Practical Abridgement of the .
of Ciotoms-and Excise." It contains, we undert
a vast accession of valuable miscellaneous ma..
applicable to the present state of British Conn
with all parts of the World, especially the Ana
Navigation Laws and Tariff, corrected to the p
time.
At Aladdin ton Races, last week, the stal
25 guineas each (with 40 guineas added by the
were won by Mr. FELLOWES'S Upright Judge,
ing four °chess ; the five-guinea Sweepstakes
30 guineas added), were won by Mr. F.usn's
beating Mr. PRYSE'S Duplicate. Thursday, MI
CARD'S b. c. by Rubens, out of Nymphinc,
over the course for the 50 guinea Sweepstakes
INIPORTANT.--TO-SIORROW the Drawing
Lottery will be resumed, and as tha: will b.s
day but one, a very large proportion cf t!sc tisr
six Capitals now in the Whod must be Drew
haps the THREE Twenty Thousand.:!
also be made known that the SIXTH Draw
above £lOOO will be entitled to £20,000 in a'
Warranted undrawn Tickets and Shares are
at WEBB'S OFFICES, 9, Cornhill, and 17, it
street—where Two of the largest Capita/is caw
FIRST DAY, were Shared anti Sold.
Tug LAST DAY TO CHOOSE FOR YOURSEL'
The Books will be kept open until 12 o'clocl
night, as the Returns must take place early n
row Morning, and unless you secure far you!
one of the 76 Capital Prizes which must all be
either To-Morrow, or the next Drawing Dai,
will be too late, as the Drawing will then
fii
HAZARD and Co. the Contractors, of the Roi
change, have so arranged the Scheme of this
in favour of Adventurers, that nearly 40 k
Prizes will in all probability be drawn To-itli
There are Three Prizes of £20,000, &c.
Sixth Prize above £l,OOO must be 1:2'4000,
or £40,000. The Drawing begins early 'lo-'
Morning.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1818.
THE FUND&
?SWF OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O.CLOCK :
ite,tuced 78-14—Cons. shut—for Opening 79i*
u!icier Cents. 88i--4 per Cent. 96i 97
qshut—lndia Stock shut—Bonds 89 91 pr.
Lull. Bills 15 19 pr.—Omnium pre.

The Paris Papers of Thursday and Friday have
clred since our last, containing intelligence of
E7eater variety and interest than usual.
on Wednesday the Kim" presided at a Cabinet
council, which sat for four hours; and next day the
peke of RICHELIEU and the Russian Ambassador
bad along conference with the Duke of WELPHOTON.
A body of 6000 Prussians have passed through
Frankfort, on their way to the left bank of the Rhine.
A part of these troops, it is said, are to do duty at
iii-la-Chapelle during the sitting of the ensuing
congress. Prior to the meeting of this Congress,
conferences, it is said, will take place at Carlsbad, in
Bohemia, between several of the Ministers of the
principal Powers. • • •
Letters have been received from Bac.hgevt, in
Wallachia, dated the 17th of May, stating that an
earthquake has destroyed the great and figurishing
city of Phllipopoli, in Romania. The population of
eat city amounted to 70,000 persons. It is Stated to
have been entirely swallowed up in the subternicous
:byis, and that a trace of it is sought in vain ; bet
fie exact date of this disastrous event is not men-
tionti, and therefore some doubts may be entertained
the truth of it.

Me celebrated Baron THVOUT died at Vienna on
ce t.5:11 of May, in his BSd year. tie was not of
vble extraction, and owed his rise in life entirely to
1i: own personal merit.
The festivities at Stockholm, on the occasion of
tie accession of the new Ka se of Swzoax, have
teen of the greatest brilliancy. On the 28ei the KINO
gr,e a grand Ball. The Deputies of the Army af-
tmards invited his Majesty to a Camp repast, and
r.re a fete to the troops assembled. The Officers
:sired, in front of the head-quarters, two triumphal
clumns, which were decorated by colours taken
iron the enemy. Ou one of the co limns was in-
gribed—a To our King crotoned by victory," and on
the other, " To thefuture Conqueror r
On the 25th the lama gave a gratuitous represea-
Irian at the Opera, the interior of which was most.
t;:endidly decorated. The Spanish Minister gave,
tr the day after, a fete at his Hotel ; and the other
Ministers were in succession to follow his example'.
The Russian Minister at Constantinople has bad
new conferences with the Turkish Ministry on the
subject of the affsirt of Servia, and the indemnities
claimed by Russia, but still without comirig to an
ratisfactory arrangement.

LXECUTION OF TUE ASSASSINS OF POMMES.
Justice at length is satisfied and 'society avenged.

On the .1d of June, at half-past ten at night, the
Eines Procurator to the Tribunal of First Instance
cc libi, received by Estafette the sentence of the
(out of Cassation, dated the 30th of May last,
inich rejected the appeal of the condemned. The
sentence affirms, as the grounds for rejecting the ap-
Ted, that the forms of law have been religiously
e:erved in every point by the Court of Assizes.

On the morning of the Sd the military guards
ve.-e doubled, and every measure of vigilance and
Fecaution taken for putting in execution on that day,
the sentence of condemnation. At eleven o'clock,,
is hissier, Cussac, arrived at the prison of St.
Cecilia. The names of Bastide, of' Jeanie's, and of
Uwe!, resounded through the vaults, 'and each of
ilea came forward, loaded with chair.s, and with his
Inds tied behind his back. They *ere still ignorant
ithe evens in which they were so much interested ;
aneared torn with inquietude and fear; the
Lissier read to them the sentence which rejected their
4Peal. This done, they were immediately separa-
ted, and each of them locked up alone in a dungeon,
tilt a guard to keep consent watch till the dread-
IA moment arrived. Jaussion :hewed snore calmness
and migration than could have been believed; Bas-
tide seemed much cast down, that audacity, that
courage, which he had shewn during the trial, -quite
Szsook him; Collarn wept bitterly, protested his in-
toconce, and still spoke of his dear Anne Benoit,
r. a, on her part, was occupied with nothing but the
Lee of her unfortunate Canard.

MM. Chatard and Rivieres, the chaplains of the
risen, rnved iti a few minutes afterwards to aduzi-
e.,.er to the wretched criminals the spiritual comfort
their august ministry.
Bride and Jaussion intermptupted the discourse
tlreued to them, and desired that a Notary might
le'mf?r, to take down their last will and receive
itraia new confessions. The law has, in its wise
*eat, required that Magistrates able to discover
e.:lC'23 of great crimes, and to secure the punish-
: 'flheni, shall join to such services the useful
‘7.!of olle,:ting the last thoughts and last confes-
-14 of criminals. M. Pagan, Counsellor of the
Court, charged with this office, repaired at
Netted; to the prison; he employed every effort
4:9:tain from the 111-.lllppy men about to pay the
of tlrir lir.% a confcclion of the horrible crime
were coavicl.a. Addrezing hiur, f

to Jaussion, he invited him in the name of that SO-
VEREIGN JUDGE before whom he was so soon going
to appear, not to conceal the truth, since imposture
would only add to his crime, without possibly ward-
ing off the punishment. Jaussion only replied that
_ _ .

he suffered innocently, and that for the honour of his
family he trusted they would take a solemn record
of his protestations. Bastide answered in nearly the
same terms. Collard protested his innocence with
equal constancy.

The Magistrates withdrew, without being able to
obtain any thing satisfactory to justice. The worthy
Chaplains were then again introduced, and, during
the preparations for the execution, continued in
earnest communion with the- prisoners. At three
o'clock two strong detachments of troops arrived on
the spot where the execution was to take place, while
another party of military was stationed in front of
the prison. Shortly after, the horse gendarmerie
rode up to the prison gates, and took charge of all
the avenues from it. At last, at half-past four, the
criminals issued from the prison, and were placed
upon the fatal cart. Bastide, Collard, and Jaussion
were in the middle. The two Chaplains seated them-
selves one at each end of the cart, and exhorted the
wretched men with a zeal which drew tears from the
spectators. Holding in their hands the sign of our
redemption—in the name of that GOD who died upon
the cross—they spoke to them of resignation—they
invited them to repent—and shewed them the eternal
gates ready to open for their reception. The crimi-
nals kept constantly protesting their innocence.
Bastide and Collard were dressed as they were at
the trial—their heads were uncovered. Jaussion
wore a different dress: before issuing from his cell,
he had taken off his hose, and on coming out, hand-
ed them to the jailor, with a request that they might
be conveyed to his family.
Arrived at last at the place of execution, they be-
trayed at first a movement of horror and affright at
the sight of the dreadful apparatus of death. Jaus-
sion mounted first upon the scaffold with a good deal
of resignation—Collard was borne upon it in nearly
a fainting state ; Bastide followed with firmness, and
submitted to his fate without complaining.
Before submitting his head to the fatal stroke,
Jaussion invoked HEAVEN and men—he said that
faith ought to be given to the asseverations of one
who was on the point of death—that his last words
ought to he sacred—and that he died an innocent
man. lie appeared at the same time greatly agitated.
The execution lasted only a few minutes; an im-
mense crowd of spectators were witnesses of the aw-
ful scene. Not a cry escaped them ; they respected
humanity at the sight of those who, by their crimes,
had violated it most.
Anne Benoit was exposed on the market-place at
ten o'clock, and branded with the letters T. P.—She
wept bitterly during the whole time, and kept con-
stantly calling on the name of Collard.
