♦MERICA AND THE BRAZILS:

The late additional aggressions on the part of the
Brazils in burning an American veuel, has created but
one opinion among all classes. Several frigates, says
the New York Enquirer. will be in readiness to proceed
to Rio, and the destruction of the Brazilian squadron
will probably be a cheap lesson in future. Commodore
11 BIDDLE will probably have the command, and all the
Post Captains will have ships.

Intelligence was yesterday received at the Foreign
Office, that theGnvernment of Don MIGUIL had issued
orders fir the blockade of Madeira, and a communica-
tion to that effect was immediately transmitted to the
Chairman at Lloyd's. It becomes a question, therefore,
with our Government, whether or not the blockade will
be recognised?

The confession of Corder, so far as it goes, must be
satisfactory to every one who has a just appreciation of
our admirable system of jurisprudence. In solitude
and in the secrecy of his own heart, he sacrificed his
victim months rolled on, sad in an unhallowed grave,
corruption was fast obliterating all legal evidence of his
guilt; but forensic ingenuity, anatomical science, and
the skilful array of collateral facts, fixed the deed upon
hits with such a weight of circumstance, that no man
could have hesitated to pronounce the verdict which
was given by the Jury. Bat it is a fearful tiling to redects
that what seemed to be conclusive and irrefragable
evidence, touching the mode of her death,was altogether
false. In saying this, we *warns., as we may safely do,
that the confession of the murderer was true; for there
was no motive to make it at all, except to declare the
truth $ and in the awful and solemn situation in which
he was when he made it, truth alone could naburthen
his oppressed soul. -See, then, what follows:

The death of MARIA MARTIN was occasioned by a
pistol ball, and she expired instantaneously, without a
struggle or a groan. No sharp instrument of any kind
was in the possession of Corder ; none was used ; none,
indeed, was wanted. Yet the evidence of the medical
men who were examined went to prove, that wounds,
and mortal ones too, were inflicted ; the supposed in-
strument with which they were inflicted was applied to
them, and found to correspond; and the Judge, in
commenting upon the evidence in his charge to the
Jury, earnestly pressed upon their attention these pre•
sumed facts, to invalidate the defence of Corder, justly
observing, that if it were indeed a case of suicide, it
was a most singular one—for it seldom happened that
when a person shot himself, he also inflicted severe stabs,
upon different parts of his body.
These can be no doubt that the Jury, in considering'
their verdict, gave full weight to all these circumstances,
when, by that verdict, they negatived the prisoner's de-
fence. There can be no doubt they believed the several
• wounds, so circumstantially described by the surgeons,
to have been inflicted by Corder; and that if they hesi-

tated for a monsent.-il they love an invara, Coring.
which they balanced in thtir minds the probabilities of
the defence, the recollection of these fade, as they were
entitled to consider them, set at rest every doubt.--
Happily, the confession of the criminal justifies the
conclusion to which they came, thou ;h it acinihi.
lates some of the strongest grounds upon which, is
all likelihood, they formed it. But suppose, and there
is nothing extravagant in the supposition, that the deed
had been one of suicide instead of murder—suppose
Corder's statement to have been true—he would still
have perished on the scaffold as a murderer,-and wbe
would have questioned the justice of his fate ?—No one-

In what we have said, we neither wish nor intend to .
cast the slightest imputation any where. Sure we me'
that had we sat in the jury box, or an the bench, wit
should have decided with the one, and commented with,
the other. Human judgment can work only with
human means: and the most acute analysis of the evil
deuce as it was presented to the Court, could not have
turned aside its full current from the prisoner. But
it awakens *rim considerations upon the inherent
texture of testimony exclusively circumstantial._.
We remember a case which occurred two or three,
years ago—perhaps hardly so much—where these
considerations were still more strongly excited; foe
a man was then convicted of the murder of a Cler-
gyman (we forget the names of the parties), and
before his execution made a full confe.sion, when it
turned out that scarcely any one of the circumstance.
upon which the verdict was given was correctly do.
tailed: yet the whole chain of evidence appeared per.
fed and conclusive as to the prisoner's guilt. Another
memorable cue is recorded by Chief Justice HAL;
where the result was indeed tragical; for there a person
was arraigned, found guilty, and executed, for the sop.
posed murder of a man, who appeared< some years
afterwards, having returned from the East Indies, whi-
ther he bad gone without communicating his intention
to any one. There was, of course, sufficient pre-
sumptive evidence to satisfy the Court and the Jury,
though the unfortunate individual solemnly protested
his innocence, and died with that protestation on his
lips. It is a humane maxim of British law, that it were
better ninety-nine guilty should escape, than one inno-
cent person suffer; and hence the scrupulous ansieey
with which our Judges impress on the minds of Jades,
the duty of giving a prisoner the benefit of ever dente
that may exist as to the fact of the crime with which he
sands charged. On no occasions ought this feeling
to predominate more forcibly, than when they are called
upon to convict or acquit entirely, or mainly, from cir-
cumstantial evidence.

RESIGNATION or THZ LORD HIGH ADMIRAL.

The Doke of CLAWING' has resigned the Office of
LORD HIGH ADUISAL. Various motives are assigned,
by rumour, for this step on the pan of his Rom.
Humana ; but beyond the fact of the resignation,
nothing is certainly known on the subject.

The Conde de VILLA FLoa's house, in Lisbon, haS
been sold by public sale, by order of the Goveenesent. It was NM
for 1,90 UL
A letter from Sheerness states that his Majesty's ship
Gloucester Is ordered for sea with all medians.
LINK YEOMANIIII—These corps consist altogether
of 19,853 men.
WALLACE, the performer, sailed a few days dace
from liverpool, bound for New York.
The French Government has appointed a special
mission to the Pacha of EGYPT to demand the surfer
der of those miserable bondsmen. the Greeks, already
transported from the Morea to Egypt, and dispersed is
slavery over that country. This mission will set cot
from Paris in a kw days. It will be accompanied te
Alexandria by a force sufficient to secure respect to its
claims, and be followed with transports to convey back
to their native land such df those Christian victims of
infidel violence as have survived their horrible sentence
of thraldom.
After an insurrection among the Neapolitan galley.
slaves, one of them had been condemned to death. Oa
approaching the place of execution, he said that he was
thirsty, and demanded a glass of water; it was brought
to him ; after sipping at it, he looked up at the Pries
who attended to console him, and with a pitiful air
complained. " Father, it is not iced." " Son," replied
the comforting Priest, "behold the angels who are pre
paring you ices made of every sort of fruit."
A Spaniard, in an interesting work recently pub
lished, has shown that the value of the coal dug up
every year in Great Britain, even at the mouth of the
mines, is such greater than all the gold and silver
which is yearly obtained in the New World ; and, more
over, that the coal is the occasion of the employment
of so great a number of persons, that the annual VA:6=
of their labour surpasses that of the valuable mead
found in America each year. The following is 'lle
mode by which he proves this:—Every year, on the
average, 18,000,000 tons of coal are dug up, the goo-
ral cost of whist: at the mouth of the mine, be calor
late: at 12f. .50c. per ton, which gives in the whole
225,000,000 francs. The yearly produce of al die
works in America for gold and silver, including the
contraband trade, was, at the commencement el the
nineteenth century, when they had all reached the highest
point of prosperity and their produce was greatest, sr-
cording to Humboldt, in his Essay on new
217.500,000 francs ; which gives a difference d
7400,000 francs in layout of the coal. The ton of coil
when carried coastwise, generally costs the consi
40 francs ; when carried Inland, it on the average cal
20 francs to the consumer. But taking on 25 fro°
as the mean cost of each ton of coals, we shall have for
the 18,000,000 tons, the sum of 450,000,000 francs.--
Deducting from this the value of the coal at the moral
of the mine, we shall have 225,000,000 francs for tie
value of the human labour employed in the coal trade,
Theexpense of conveying silver from Potosi to Boos
Ayres, a distance of 500 leagues, is abouttwo per cot"
for gold somewhat mime. Now, taking this as the
average cost on all the precious metals to the Pcg°
where they are to be shipped, we shall have some wlli
less than 5,000,000 f. for the whole. This may, withal
' hesitation, be taken, when we compare tie value of thr
coal of Great Britain with the value or the Americo
gold and silver. From the whole, therefore, it appeal'
that the value of the coal, and the wages of labor,
profits, Btc. on it, amount to the sum of 450,000004
and that the value of the gold and silver, together will:
L cost of carriage, amounts to 222,500,000 f. This do',
that there is an overplus in favour of the English cosl
trade to the =IOWA of 227,800,000 f.

THE KING, &c.

WINDSOR, WEDNIIIDAY, Aua..l3.

THE ANNIVERSARY OF HIS MAJESTY' BIRTH DAY.
This event, at all times calculated to inspire the most
joyous feelings, was yesterday celebrated with peculiar
gaiety. The town was unusually full, visitors having
alliaed not only irons the neghbouring towns and villa-
ges, but from the more distant parts of this and the ad-
joining counties. At 12 o'clock ther Royal Highnesses
the Dukes of CUMBERLAND and CAMBRIDGE, the
Duchess of GLOUCESTER, and Prince GEORGE of Cum-
FERLAND, accompanied by Marquis CONYNGHAM, Lord
and Lady GRAVES, Lord ST. HELENS, Lord CHES.
Tk:RFIELD, Sir HERBERT TAYLOR, and other VIIitOTS
at the Hoy l Lodge, arrived at the Castle, where
Viey were received by Mr. WYATVILLE, and conducted
to the north front, where a portion of the terrace had
been railed in, preparatory to the ceremony of laying
the first stone of a new tower, called after our Gracious
SOVEREIGN, and the interior of which will form part of
tie intended Waterloo Guard Chamber. His Majesty's
unrivalled collection of ancient armour will grace the
walls of this Gothic Saloon, relieved by appropriate
works of modern art. The necessary preparations
tfkving been made, Prince GEORGE of CUMBERLAND,
a‘sis ed by his Royal Father and Uncle, placed the stone,
and applied the trowel and level according to the cus-
tomary form ; when, upon a concerted signal, the bells
of tt e Parish Church and Castle pealed forth their
joyous notes.
Shortly after the conclusion of the ceremony, her
Royal Highness the Princess AUGUSTA, accompanied
by Lady MARY TAYLOR and MISS WYNYARD, joined
her Royal Relatives, having come from Frogmore
Lodge across the Little Park. The assembled party
then proceeded to the Round Tower, where having in-
spected the plans and model of the impruvemeots and
additions about to be made to that venerable part of
the edifice, the Duke of CAMDRIDOE and Prince
treamiGa of CUMBERLAND proceeded to lay the first
stone of the new turret, the spectators hailing the
event with repeated cheers. The Royal Party
they, after a brief survey of the remaining pats of
the Castle, left for the Royal Lodge, where his
Majesty's Visitors were augmented by the Dukes of
WELLINGTON and DORSET, Prince and Princess Li EVEN,
the Honout able Mr. ARTHUR STANHOPE and his Lady,
and the Misses GRAVES. In the evening, a banquet on
the most magnificent scale was prepared, the coup iceil
presenting a splendid union of taste and grandeur. The
KING'S private band were habited, for the first time, in
a new State dress, t're richness of which called forth
jtht encomiums; the ground is royal purple, enriched
by gold lace and scarlet ; the front of the cap is orna-
mented by beautifully chased emblems of military tro-
phies and musical instruments, surmounted by the Royal
Arms, Crown, and Crest, and having at the base a lyre
with a music batik engraved with the notes of God save
Oa King.
HISMAJESTY was in the enjoyment of excellent health,
and received the congratulations of his Royal Relatives
and itunguished Guests with that kind and cordial af-
fability that has so universally endeared him to every
class of his subjects. At two o'clock a Royal salute was
fired from the new battery at the Belvidere, overlooking
Virginia Water. The ordnance used on this occasion
were the long twelve and twenty.four pounders that
were taken by Prince WILLIAM Duke of CUMBERLAND,
in his Continental campaigns in the reign of GEORGE 11.
and subsequently formed part of the materiel of his
;lasi at the battle of Culloden. The Private Bind
ontinued playing till twelve o'clock, concerted pieces
and quadrilles succeeding alternately, when his MA-
JESTY retired, and the Royal Guests separated.
While this, the highest add most illustrious party in
the kingdom, comprising individuals loved, honoured,
and venerated by every class of society to whom their
names and worth are known, were celebrating the glad-
dening Anniversary, the more humble ranks were not
furgotten. The KING had kindly given orders that the
whole of the workmen employed at the Castle, above
500 in number, should be provided with a dinner ; and,
emulating the example furnished by his MAJESTY,
ike master tradesmen, in the majority of instances,
presided at the entertainments of their men. Through-
not the whole, harmony, conviviality, and pleasure
reigned, and not a single incident occurred to throw a
gloom over the general joy. The resident Gentry
and principal inhabitants of the town and its vicinity
dined at the Town Hall, his MAJESTY hating graciously
deurei the Stewards' acceptance of a couple of fine
bucks as part of the banquet. The Hon. and Rev.
HIMRY HOBART, Dean of WindsorAmiN RAI.ISBOTTOM,
Esq. M.P. the Rev. ISAAC GOSSET, and several neigh-
I•ouring Clergymen, Captain FORBES, RN. JEFFREY
WYATVILLE, Esq. and several of the Gentry from
Stoke Green and the neighbourhood, were among the
Company. The MAYOR was in the Chair, and the cus-
tomary loyal toasts were given and received with the
utmost cordiality. In the Bachelors' Acre, the succes-
sion of rustic sports amused an immense multitude
throughout the day, and were terminated by a display
of 6r.-works, under the personal superintendence of
SOUTHEY. The illuminations were general and bril-
liant. Not a single accieent occurred to check the all-
pervading happiness' and we close onr account of the
day's lestival with the fervent with that our beloved
MONARCH may enjoy many a repetition of the day's
enjoyment:

The Jamaica papers to the 2d ult. state, that the
Dose Admiral bad given notice that several piraticarvessels had
appeared of Cuba. and thus cruisers bad beets sent after these. but
huherto these freebooters had eluded the pursuers.
The only Newspaper published at Naples contains
little more than an exact Journal of all the movements
of all Sovereigns, except occasionally inserting " curious
occurrences," which it recounts in a curious manner.
Foe example: it related some time since, that an Eng-
lish surgeon had killed his wife with a poker.: and
added, in a note, " non sappiano se queslo pokero sin
ono 'arumento domestico o chirurgico"—we do not knew
rf this pdero be a domestic or surgical instrument.
From the abuncidnce of work of every description
which is at present to be had, and from the low price
of provisions, the working classes may be said to be in
Possession of the comforts of life to a greater degree
than at any period for some years. Provisions of all
hinds are much cheaper than at this time last year.
Butcberit' meat is about 2d. a pound below last year's
!Met. The best oatmeal was last year selling at 14d.
it la now ls. and in potatoes there is the same difference.
-.Glasgow Chronicle.
Yesterday morning a journeyman silk weaver, who
had been a few weeks ago convicted of cutting the ora-
aufactured silk of his employers (Messrs. Rugg and Co.)
from the loom, and selling it, underwent the punish.
went of a public whipping for 100 yards down the
Bethnal green-road. At the previous whippings it was
s4rd by some of the bystanders that they would take
the Punishment for a pint of gin. This reached the
ears of Mister Cieshire, and he, considering that it had
a tendency to question the discharge of his public duty,
has determined to convince them of the contrary.—
' :log the 100 yards the prisoner received 56 lashes.

e.
p.
t.
