LISBON, May 22.

If the symptoms of tranquillity which now appear over
the surface of politics here are to be considered as indi-
cative of satisfaction, the Portuguese are quite happy.
During the last fortnight a seeming tranquillity pervades
the whole mass ; but they who fancy themselves correct

judges of the character of the nation maintain that
it is strongly indicative of a future storm. The Miguel-
, ites are desirous of preserving it, while their opponents,
having profited by their various defeats, have resolved
not to forestall the approaching crisis. The former, strug-
gling against a host of difficulties, are anxious to obtain
some money to enable them to fit out more ships of war to
blockade Terceira, as well as transports to convey their
enemies to the distant colonies; while the latter, crouching
before Miguel's lash, are secretly plotting and scheming
how to oust the tyrant when the expected arma-
ment arrives from Terceira. Among the signs of the
times worthy of being noticed is the great eagerness of
certain Miguelite speculators to make a loan, which, un-
der the mask of forwarding the views of Government, by
affording the means of supplying the exigencies of the
navy, is, in reality, to afford themselves means of securing
by bonds, &c. their former advances. The amount spoken
of is about 60,0001. of which the greater part has been
already consumed. Various schemes have been proposed
to afford securities for those advances, such as placing
the importation and sale of tea in the hands of a company
of contractors, the proceeds of which are to be applied to
the benefit of the money-lenders.
In the mean time the disaffection of the employes and
of the soldiers is increasing—neither of them are paid,
and the soldiers complain much of the bad bread
which they are obliged to eat. They threaten that
their time for making a change is fast approaching.
Rumour has spoken much within three days of some
confusion created in Algarve by two regiments, which
had formerly revolted in favour of Miguel against
the Constitution—viz. the 14th infantry and the 2nd
battalion of the 2nd infantry. Their not being paid
gave rise to some acts of insubordination, which
have since ceased. In other places, other regiments
have acted in the same manner. The police, although
not on the best terms with the garrison of Lisbon, con-
trive to keep the people of the city quiet, although their
misery is far greater than you suppose. There is almost
nothing doing on the Exchange, which, although this is
internal post and packet day, and formerly one of great
business, was literally empty long before three o'clock.
Robberies are frequent: the India-house was plundered
on Wednesday night of about 1501. being all that the
thieves, who are supposed to have concealed themselves
in the building, could find out. They escaped by the
roof.
The policy of the Government continues the same—
persecution of their opponents is its only safeguard.
Having often mentioned the nature of this system, I will
now give you an example :—About two years ago, a
surgeon of one of the regiments and his friend were
arrested as Constitutionalists, and subsequently thrown
into St. Julian's Tower. The Miguelite Judges, after
various delays at length took their case into consideration,
and, as nothing could be proved against them, gave an
order for their liberation. The order arrived at the
tower, and the surgeon obtained his liberty—but, on ex-
amination for his friend, it was found he had been dead
seven months. Several persons have been arrested.—
Herald.

Extract of a private letter, dated Oporto, May 17,
1830.—" We have had some executions here, to keep
us in fear. It is true that the men hanged were guilt•
of the most atrocious crimes ; but, as some of those
crimes were perpetrated years age, the punishment,
after a long imprisonment, produces no effect but to
remind us of the political sufferers of May 1829. The
execution of the culprit on Friday was attended with
strange circumstances. After his executie,p, as the Bro-
therhood of Mercy were carrying his body to be interred,
he gave signs of life in the coffin, spoke, and asked for
some water. He was taken to the hospital, when, as the
Brotherhood were about to admtnister some remedies to
restore him, an officer came from the Chief of the Alcada
to forbid the administering of relief ; and from half-past
twelve to four o'clock he was struggling with death. I
have been told that his life could have been saved, as his

LONI)4)N.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1.

THE KING.

"WINDSOR CASTLE, Julia 1, IMO.
" Tho Kixo has passed a quiet night; in other
respects his MAJESTY :, iti.t 1,1 tll3 +l:n,.
(Signed) " HENRI' HALFORD.

~ MATTHEW J. TIERNEY."

We have continued our extracts from the documents
relating to Greece, taking care only to present those which
are essential to a knowledge of the leading facts of the
negociations. Convinced, as we are, that Greece and
her concerns will henceforth form a prominent feature in
European politics, we are anxious that our readers should
possess the fullest information on the subject. Un-
like some of our contemporaries, who affect to believe
that England has but little interest in the Greek
question, we hold it to be intimately connected with our
power in the Mediterranean, and general influence on
the Continent. With such an impression on our mind, no
wonder that we should regret the obstacles which have
arisen to prevent the assumption of the sovereignty by
Prince LEOPOL D. This is a most unfortunate event, and will
be severely felt by the people of Greece. Let us hope, how-
ever, that a principle of self-interest may induce Ministers
to adopt measures at once energetic and conciliatory, for
the immediate settlement of every point in dispute. They
will thus save themselves from the obloquy of having,
not merely treated the Greeks with marked severity, but
impeded the final adjustment, by arrangements which it
was easy to foresee, could never be carried into effect.
It is hardly to be supposed that better terms might not
have been obtained for the people of Greece, had we
adopted a more peremptory tone at Constantinople. It was
in fact, a palpable error to acquiesce in the restricted boun-
dary line, after the representations which we know to
have been made on the subject so far back as 1827. On
the other hand, how very easy it was to obtain correct
data on the subject, from our residents at Egina, or
the Lord High Commissioner of the lonian Islands ?
—We must here allude to an article in the
Times of this morning, and in which the writer, after
admitting that better terms might have been obtained for
the Greeks, concludes by modestly asserting that " the
affair should be considered as closed !" When we repeat
our conviction, that the pacification of Greece cannot be
effected without a revision of the boundary line, it is unne-
cessary to add that we are quite at issue with our contem-
porary. We are also called upon to offer a few words on
the comments which precede the additional extracts of
our contemporary from the papers laid before Parliament.
In speaking of the Treaty of July 6th, it is stated that
the " Greek Chiefs were so jealous of each other, so
little alive to their common danger, and so ill prepared
for that system of order which was to follow the estab-
lishment of peace, that the proposition of the Allies was
coldly received by some, and all but opposed by others."
In order to prove the correctness of this assertion, who
is the authority called in ? Why, that of Admiral de
RION Y, a man notoriously prejudiced against the
Greeks and their cause ! As a proof of his feeling to-
wards England, we shall give the following specimen
quoted by the writer in the Times:—
" Some military and naval commanders, to whom as authority
almost independent of the Government has been granted, may also,
either by their personal position or by their being foreigners, as well
as by the private assistance they receive from abroad, create other
dithculties, in addition to those of which I have just spoken."
Who were these naval and military Commanders ? Why,
General Cut: nen and Lord COCHRAN E. With regard
to the Greek people, we can assert, without fear of con-
tradiction, that so far from being indifferent or ungrate-
ful for the advantages arising from the treaty of interven-
tion, this memorable compact excited universal gratitude
and blessings throughout the confederacy. We are indeed
astonished that the writer should have forgotten the many
evidences of this fact,with which the journals of all Europe
teemed both before and after the victory of Navarin. So
long as the Greek question continues to be discussed in this
way, it is impossible to hope that public opinion can
exert any salutary influence over men in power. We bare
only time to express our hope that Lord ABERDEEN will
at once consult such authorities on the subject of Greece,
as are to be found within the precincts of the Foreign
Office. We can truly assure the noble lord that these
may be relied on, with more certainty, than all the offi-
cial communications of our agents abroad. Nothing
we maintain, but a bold and straitforward policy will ever
achieve the great object which Ministers must have in
view,—that of pacifying the East of Europe, and thus
depriving Russia of a new pretext for going to war !

It has been observed, that all the former Treaties
between Turkey and Russia, contained the seeds of fresh
troubles,—* preenc.) ivr new quarrels. The reluctance j

with which the conditions of the late Treeil, concluded
by these two Powers, have been acceded to by the Porte,
would incline us to suppose that it is not of a different
quality from its predecessors, nor likely to produce other
fruits. This great defect has not, however, prevented
the Allied Powers from following the precedent, or rather
from improving upon it. No Treaty, ever formed between
Turkey and Russia, contained one twentieth part of the
seeds of discord that may be found in the arrangement
proposed bet r.cr.n T!,rl-ey and Crecce. The defects in
the former only lin 011iCki a ti 70sition to quarrel: the
arrangement for the new Greek State would render
quarrel unavoidable. The Reprilentant, in a recent
number says, " Two motives only could induce a man in
the position in which the Prince of Cosy KG is placed,
to accept the kingdom proposed to him : the first
of these motives is ambition ; the second is great love
for the people whom he is called upon to govern; an
entire devotion to the cause of mankind ; an ardent
desire to restore to civilisation, and to prosperity,
a people, a long time brutified by slavery, and countries
a long time devastated by tyranny and war.

" If the Prince could be accessible to the first of these
motives, he would commit an error, in receiving a king-
dom rendered incomplete by the very act which consti-
tutes it, and which he would not be able to preserve
except by a vassalage always disgraceful to the head of
the State. What is this kingdom of Greece, composed
of one-third of the countries formerly comprised under
that denomination, surrounded by England and by
Turkey, and separated from all the islands that ought to
depend upon it ? Much better to be Governor of the
lonian Islands. The position of that officer is, at least,
determined, and he depends only upon the will of one
Government. He is not distracted in every way by the
opposition of the views and interests of three or four
rival Powers, whom the new Sovereign will be obliged
to conciliate—because, on their good understanding, and
the perpetuity of their union, depends the preservation
of his Crown.

" Whatever may have been the motives of the Prince,
his refusal of the kingdom is an homage to a moral prin-
ciple, and gives him a claim to the gratitude of all the
friends of public liberty and national independence. It is
to ehew himself worthy of the crown to reject it in the
manner he has done. All Greece, we doubt not, will
place him in the number of its benefactors, and, on hearing
his refusal, will mingle its regrets with joy.
" It is within himself, and in his own conscience, that
Prince LF.OPOLD will find the price of this great act of
his political life, and much more than a compensation for
that which he has renounced. In the two months which
have just passed, and during which he was a demi-king,
he has been able to obtain an insight of some of the in-
conveniences of royalty : the baseness and avidity of cour-
tiers, the intrigues to obtain power, the difficulties to find
truth and goodness in the mass that presses itself upon
his notice, and the anxiety and cares inseparable from
the supreme dignity.
" From these long negotiations will still emanate some-
thing of advantage to Greece. The efforts of the Powers
to obtain from the Sultan his assent to the independence
of this country, have been most sincere and most active,
because they were interested : the Greek territory has not
been shut up within so narrow limits, and hopes are en-
tertained that they may be still further extended, so that
the new state shall not be at the mercy of the first neigh-
bour who may please to attack it."

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We have but Hide u yet to communicate, owing toe great dearth
of information which prevails this morning, In consequence of few
arrivah. The Bank la shut; but the Stock Exchange and Foreign
Market are open.

Consols may be quoted at the same price they left off yesterday :
on 'Change 921 for the Account, and 9211 4 for Money, with little
doing as yet.

In the Foreign Market Greek has Improved Two per Cent. owing
to their coming higher from Holland ; Spanish maintains Its price.
In the Foreign Market Greek bonds continue to improve, and
have been done at 364 to 36. Spanish bonds have also got up to
1944.
In shares, Anglo-Mexican 354 64, Bolanas 3.30.73, Brazil, 104.
11, South Metropolitan Gass, 11 to 2 per cent. premium. We have
no political information.

HALF.PAST ONE.

Consols continued steady most part of the morning at 924 i for
the account, but a Stock Exchange report prevailed of a very un.
favourable description, in regard to his Majesty, which caused the
market to recede to 924 sellers ; since which Consols have resumed
their former price, 924 4, and 924 for money, owing to the above
report not being confirmed.
Letters by via of Guernsey, from Rio Janeiro of the 27th March,
twelve days later than the last account receive< yesterday; they
state that trade was exceedingly flat there. Exchange 24 to 4.
the Bonds had got up to G 9 70. The packet was to have sailed on
the above day. No political news.

At the the last sitting of the Paris Society for the En-
couragement of National Industry, upon reading a
Report on the means of making cloth water-proof, by a
solution of caoutchouc (Inndian rubber), placed between
two thin cloths, which, being passed under the heavy
pressure, becomes solid, it was stated tnat the dis-
covery of dissolving this gum for such purposes was
made by the French chemists, Marquer, Lafond, &c.
This is iacorrect ; it is an English invention.—Literary
Gazette.

By the death of Lord Kilwarden, the office of Regis-
trar of Deeds in Ireland has become vacant. An oppor-
tunity now presents itself, which we trust will be
seized, of placing that office on a footing different
from that in which we have been accustomed to see
it. By an act passed in the 9th year of Gee. IV. c. 57,
the Government are invested with the power, after the
death or removal of the existing Registrar, or regulate the
establishment of the Registry, to discharge and appoint
officers, to reduce their salaries, and to do various other
things recited in that act. Now we hope and believe
that there exists no disposition in the Government to con-
vert the patronage which has fallen into their hands to the
purposes of Parliamentary influence ; that not only the
salaries of the officers, but their perquisites, will be re-
duced to a reasonable standard. Sure are we that it will
become absolutely necessary to revise the last act.--com-
mealy called George bloore's. All that we apprehend is
this, that in the present state of uncertainty and excite-
ment
which prevails in England, a job may be slipped
quietly through by the " clever people."—Dublist Eves-
ing Post.

STATE OF FRANCE.

From the Reprisentant.

The effect produced by the entrance of M. DI: PE 1 .
RON NET into the Ministry of the Interior, Heiler the di.
rection of which the elections are placed, one of nu,
correspondents writes us, has proved contrary to that
expected from it. The nominations of the new Minister,
of State have added to the contempt and hatred of the
Adniiiiis.ration. The electors, far from suffering them.
selves to be intimidated by the intentions manifested by
such choices, on the contrary, derive from them new me.
fives of perseverance and of courage in their resistance.
The men who were still doubtful, and who combated us
with these arguments—the Ministry has done nothing
yet ; wait
.for its acts—are now deprived of every means
of defence. The nominations of PET noN ET ,tad of
Du DON, are acts, and terrible acts. The electors, and all
France, know what stuff these Gentlemen are made of,and
have no desire to make trial of it a second time. Thus
there is more union than ever, and it is impossible cee
Government should succeed so far as to be able to nonu-
nate one hundred and twenty of its candidates. The
measures of severity with which the refractory electors
aro threatened ; the illegal extension of the powers of the
Presidents of electoral colleges ; all this will be employed
in vain. In three-fourths of the colleges, the elections
will be liberal, or they will be suspended.
The Ministry have lost themselves in their own pope;
party, says a friend writing to us. There was not tot,
much of the united influence of the partisans of VI t.
of LABOLY RDONN AI E, and of Poi. to wsc, not to expe.
rience a complete defeat in the electoral struggle. This
union has been rendered impassible. LA nouRDON NA I
is furious at the return of Pr. Y !lON NET to the Council
BERTIIIER DE SA UV I(i N Y declares loudly that
alliance with him is impossible. The friends of Vim.u.i
repeat the same thing, and accuse, with equal violence,
Messrs. POLI 0 N AC, LA DOC It DON N A IE, and PEYRON
NET. Du nox raises his sepulchral voice, and proclaims
that the Ministry is very well composed for opinion, but
not for action ; that it would be better if it had less of
opinion and more of resolution. This is the combat of
the Monarchy against the revolution, says he; the
Ministry must be composed of ram determined to fight
They have appeased the one and the other by nominating
them Ministers of State ; but that is not enough. They
will very shortly exact more ! A letter of the 24th com-
municates to us what follows :—Scarcely has the Ministry
been reformed, when it is already sought to reform it anew.
M.D& MONTIIEL wishes to retire even before he has entered
upon his functions. The state of Saturday's market has
given him much uneasiness, and the state of the Trelsury
has increased it. He fears the consequences of what has
been done, and he does not conceal his fears. He L. an•
swered with the necessity of a stroke of state policy, but
immediately the furious party intervenes.—" Who are you,
to attempt strokes of state policy ?" it demands of the
President of the Council; "it is your only safety, it is
true, but organize yourselves for it, reinforce yourselves.
If this be your determination, choose some of our states-
men, and we will act in concert." It is most certain that
things will come to that ; that M. Du DON and M. BEA-
, THIER must be placed in the Council. DUDON Will ac-
cept only the Home Department or the Finances ;
BERTIIIER has the same taste, and I believe the business
will be arranged so as to send back PEYRONN ET to the
Department of Justice, give the Finances to Du DON, and
the Interior to M. BERTH I ER, who, upon these condi-
tions, would make peace with PET RO N N ET. They were
occupied with this subject yesterday, and it is spoken of
again to-day.
M. Poef o x se, seeing all that is passing, begins to lose
a little of his confidence. The dicussions for the nomina-
tion of Presidents of Electoral Colleges have commenced.
'The system of the party is to nominate new men and
strangers to the preceding chambers wherever there may
be any doubt of success, and also where it can be done
without abandoning men whose devotion is known. This
plan will not succeed. It is opposed by some Members
of the Council itself, who assert confidently that it will
be the means of losing the majority. For my part I
think it is lost already by the Ministry ; that they will
soon see it ; that they have already a presentiment of it,
and that they meditate means of paralysing the elections.
I have not yet sufficient authority to communicate to you
what has been told me on this subject, but if, within two
days, the report is confirmed, I shall inform you in time.

LORD W. LENNOX AND MR. WOOD.--Are have jus:
heard that Lord Wm. Lennox was held to bail this morn-
ing (Monday), for having threatened proceedings of a
hostile nature against Mr. Wood, the vocalist, of Covent-
garden Theatre, in consequence of the interference of the
latter gentleman on behalf of Lady Lennox.—Kent and
Essex Mercury.
Lord BURGHERSII, Minister Plenipotentiary from
England to the Grand Duke of Tuscany, in the two days
which he has spent at Paris, has complained very mud;
of the coldness with which he has been received by
ministers. It appears that his Excellency has been
pointed out to Messrs. POLIO NAC and PET RD N N ET, bv
the Congregation, as having, during the late leut, had
two dramatic pieces played in his palace at Florence.
In fact, the saloons of Lord BURGHERSH were at ithat
era thrice a week the rendezvous of foreigners of dist nc-
, don who inhabit that part of Italy, and of all the talents
that embellish it. The new opera of Phedra, the music
by ROSSINI, has been performed thrice at the Am-
bassador's. The finest tragedies of ALFIERI have
been represented there : also the best comedies of
of GOLDONI and the chefs-ineuvre of Sit AIL orEARE.
This is the great crimr of Lord BURGHERSII ; to pro-
mote assemblies calculated to encourage talent, to pro-
pagate the fine arts, and diffuse information. This is to
study to attract the hatred of the camorilla, the scruples
of M. POLIGNAC, and the choler of M. PETRON?F.T•

—Figaro.
The Gazette de France makes the circulation of
Royalist journals 27,886 per day, and that of the Oppo-
sition, 32,929 ; the National asserts that the Constitu-
tionnel, Journal des Debate, Courrier Francais, and
Journal du Commerce, alone sell 32,000. The National
gives 53,494 for the sale of the Opposition journals, and
19,461 for the Royalist.
