EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED OPORTO, SEPT. 1.

46 Notwithstanding that it was given out by the
people in authority
.that official information might
soon be expected from Lisbon of the accession of the
Regency to the new Constitution, none bas yet ar-
rived, and we are to-day in a state of anxiety, not to
say alarm. The Conde d'Amarante, instead of hav-
ing joined the constitutional party, still holds out in
Chaves, where he has a strong force ; and counter-
Proclamations have been issued by him, and postei
even in Pennaael. The most alarming circumstance
of all is the direction now giving by our Journals to
the popular feeling against the English, as you will
see by an article in the Gazette of this place, of the
29th ult. and which purports to be an extract from
the Corunna Diary; and a still more violent ar icle,
dictated by a similar spirit, is expected to appear in
the Gazette of to•motrow morning. Besides the
Conde d'Amarante, other Officers of distinction still
hold out.

" SEPTEMBER 2.—The letters from Lisbon, which
are due this day, have not arrived."
The following is the article alluded to in the above
letter, as published in the third Number of the Oporto
Paper, entitled Diario Nacional, dated 29th August:

" Corunna Diary, August 24.

it Letters from Lisbon, received by the last post,
announce that Marshal Beresford had sailed from
Brazil for England, and that he would soon arrive
in Portugal. When that General heard that Ferdi-
nand VII. had sworn to the Constitution, he em-
barked for Rio Janeiro, to communicate to the Brazil
Government that intelligence. It appears that the
political changes of Spain had excited fears in the
King and his Ministers : the result of all their coun-
cils was to cause a suspension of the remittance of
money from Europe to Monte Video, to pay the
troops under the orders of General Lecor, and the
imposition of a third of the decima. It is said here
that Beresford has obtained the title of Duke of Por-
tugal and the Algarves ; and, besides, that be is Ge-
neralissimo of Portugal and Brazil, with great au-
thority in the Regency of Lisbon. An English fri-
gate was disembarking a million and a half of cru-
sadoes, to distribute among the troops of the army
which contributed to the success at Victoria. There
is a small portion of money which the French seized
in Spain, which they left on the field of battle, and
which belonged to the Spaniards.
See how the English caress this Portuguese
army ! That army which placed on the head of Lord
Wellington the finest portion of his laurels—which
bore such a part in the deliverance of Spain and in
the defeat of the force of Napoleon—was treated in
the epoch of its glory with such disdain, that, to
overcome its resentment, all the patriotism which
ennobles the brave Portuguese army was necessary.
It was a striking circumstance to see one of these
soldiers rise to the rank of Colonel. The Officers
were treated with the greatest disrespect; and Mar-
shal BeresfOrd evinced so much jealousy, that he
caused to be executed Gomez Freir d'Andrade, a
celebi ated General who had fought under the ban-
ners of Napoleon. _ _

" Portugal now is capable of taking care of her
own interest•, of which she is the best judge. If she
loves liberty, let her take advantage of the favour-

able moment. Afterwards k will eost her livers of'
blood, especially if the English command the troops
at Lisbon. They will perhaps come under the pre-
text of defending the kingdom, but.with the real de-
sign of subjugating it. The Country of the Albu-
querques is now a nation, nor is even a colony,
since its Prince fled to the Brazils ; it is little better
than the Coast-of Guinea! Its money and its men go
to another hemisphere, and to shed the blood of its
brothers, the Spaniards.' In recompense for these sa-.
crifices, what does European Portugal receive ? The
destruction of her industry and her commerce, the
domination of Beresford, and the capture of its ships
by the Corsairs of Artigas in sight of the batteries
of Lisbon !!!

" It is therefore a consequence of the most urgent
nature that Portugal should establish a Representa-
tive Government, and should unite itself as an inde-
pendent nation with the Spanish Confederacy. For
this purpose Portugal ought to demand from her
King the mission of one of his sons as her Sovereign,
since he has for ever fixed his Court in the Brazils.
Such a demand is just, both in a political and moral
point of view. Is Portugal to obey Brazils in omnis
retina seculorum? Will the Portuguese subtriit to
such an affront e and will the country of the Albu-
querques and the Castres be converted into the abode
of slavery ?"
