31A_VCIinTER, SEPTEitBER 2?.

A public Meeting into be held to-morrow at Stock-
port, to consider of the best .means of obtaining Par-
liamentary 4eredin, and a full, fair, and free Repre-
sentation of the People; and likewise t take mea-
sures for procuring the bail required for the release
of Drummond, Baguley, and Johnson, with the other
individuals, arrested On charges of sedition ; also,
to defray the expenses of their defence and trial.
Detachments of cavalry from this plase are ordered
to the vicinity, to be in readiness to preserve the
public peace. A detachment of the Royal Horse'
Guards (Blue), arrived here last evening.
Notwithstanding what has been erroneously as•
serted, the whole of the colliers have not returned to
their labour, and this circtimstance has been taken
advantage of to enhance and keep up the price of
coals, which are 110 W higher in this town and district
than ever they were known, except in the case of
long-protracted winters, or any severe visitation of
PROVIDENCE.

This day the Right Rev. Dr. LAW, Lord Bishop
of Chester, preached at the Collegiate Church, when
a collection was made in aid of the funds for sup-
porting the National Schools in this town, founded
oa the plan of Dr BELL, and inculcating the princi-
ples of the established Church. His Lordship deli-
vered a most impressive discourse from the following

text:—" The fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and
to depart from evil is understanding."—Job. c. xxviii.
v. 28.' The learned Prelate, after eloquently eluci-
dating and expounding his text, made a forcible ap-
peal to his hearers, in behalf of the charity whose
particular cause he was advocating ; strenuously en-
forcing his arguments by numerous instances of the
beneficial effects resulting from the training up of
the rising generation in the principles of the Church
of England. Other religious sects, his Lordship ad-
mitted, were laudably exerting themselves in the
Same praise-worthy manner; but if the meed of su-
.perior excellence was to be awarded to any of these
institutions, he felt no hesitation in declaring, that it
belonged to those which, while they instilled into the
youthful minds their duties to Goo and their neigh-
bour, at the same time instructed them in the prin-
ciples and practice of the Protestant faith(established
by the wisdom of our ancestors) as the predominant
religion of this highly•Tavoure,l kingdom.
The Church, thongh a very large one, was exces-
sively crowded, and a liberal collection was made.
In the afternoon, his Lordship confirmed a very
great number of those, of both sexes, who being em-
ployed in the Cotton-factories during the week, are
unable to attend on any other dry.
The town was excessively crowdei, and several
families of distinction from the country attended his
Lordship's most excellent discourse.

Some of the itinerant delegates from the workmen
of Lancashire and Cheshire have been detected in the
neighbourhood of Newcastle, soliciting pecuniary as-
sistance for the support of the tarn-outs. The cir-
cumstance being communicated to the Magistrates,
they issued a notice, expressing their determination
to put the law in force against all publicans who
should suffer meetings to be held in their houses for
the purpose of making such collections; and inti-
mating that their licences would be withheld.
A Portrait of JAMES PERRY, Esq.. F'icor of the
Morning Chronicle, ornaments the'European Mnga-
Line for September, price 2s. This interesting Pub-
lication will be found to be a most ucceptabie present
to friends abroad, and a constant source of domestic
amusement at home, as it contains Portraits and
Views, Biography, Anecdotes, Lit,kature, History,
IPolitics, Arts, Manners, and Amusements Cf the Age.
Printed for J. ASPERSE. 32, Cortthill.—N.B. The
Portraits of the Rev. Dr. l'Arns and the Right Hon
GEORGE Rose, embellish this Work for July and
August. Proof impressions of the Plates, separate,
Price 4s.

- .
Fighting Professors !—A duel has been fought
at Lexington, (Kentucky), by Doctors DuALLy and
IitcHARDsoN, in which the latter received a slight
wound in the thigh. • Both Gentlemen are Professors
in the Tran_s
_ylvanian University.
A Naw WAT FO PAY IN CASH it stated
in the Greensbag (United States) Register, that I).t.
YID REDIC/C, Esq. of Washington parish, called upon
the Bank of New Salem, Ohio, for a considerable
sum of specie for notes of that Bank. The call not
being complied with, high words ensued, and the
cashier stabbed Mr. Blume with a dirk : the wound
proved mortal, and Mr. Raw,: is since dead.
PRIDX OF ANCESTIIY.-411 the Castles and Palace's
of the ancient Nobility in France, the t fre-
quendy presents memorials of their pride rrancYestry.
On the tapestry of an apartment in the Palace of chill
Duke Decroy, at Paris, is a representation of the De-
luge, in which a man is seen running after Noah,
and calling out—" My good friend, save the archives
of the Croys."—Another piece of tapestry in the Pa-
lace of the Duke de Levis, represents the Virgin
Mary with an ancestor of the De Levis's standing
bareheaded before her. " Dear cousin," says she,
" pray be covered ;" and he replies, " Cousin, I would
rather remain as I am."

CITY Bustans.--Yesterday the Loan Klima held
a Court of Common Council in consequence of a Re-
quisition, to proceed to the Election of the Junior
Common Pleader. After a long conversation oft the
wording of the minutes of the last Court, the election
by ballot commenced, and the same being taken and
cast up, the numbers appeared as follows :-GEORGE
Nonros, Esq.B6--Tismo Rtoax, Esq. 9. Where-
upon the Loan MAToa declared the Election tohave
fallen upon Mr. Nuarox.--The Sheriffs Elect, JOHN
ROBERTS, Esq. Citizen and Talluw-chandller, and
LAwazscE GWYNNE, Esq. Citizen and spectacle-
maker, were duly admitted and sworn into office for
the year ensuing.--Fittn. TURNER, Esq. and JOHN
l'ut.Les:, Esq. were sword Under Sheriffs.

AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, SEPITMI3ZIIII.

EXTRACT QF A PRIVATE LETTER.

" To-day there eritered the tOwn, as part of the
garrison during the Congress, a party of about 200
lutsArs. They are dressed nearly like our Horse-
Guards in every thing but their helmets. The horses
of this squadron of !Insults are small, slender, but
hardy animals, of the Polish breed, and not unlike that
of which the Cossack made a present to the PRINCE
REGENT. As this place had no guns, IS pieces of ar-
tillery are just arrived, and are erected in battery,
near the town, to fire a salute on the entrance of the
Sovereigns.
" In the Hotel de Ville, the Tribunals under Bo-
naparte were held, and under the present Government
it is occepieil by the Offices of the Prussian Presi-
dency. You ascend the building by a wide Right of
stone steps, and passing through a •,liktge hall, with
vaulted roofs, are ushered by a wide staircase into the
grand saloon v: here the Emperors gave their entertain-
ments to the Princes and Electors on their coronation.

" What is particularly pointed out to the notice of
the stranger in this saloon, besides its own spacious-
ness and elegance, is a large well-executed picture,
representing the assemblage of Ambassadors who
signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748. They
are seated at the council table, attended by two Se-
cretaries, engaged in their proper office, with the
Magistrates of the city, as witnesses, behind them,
and Peace waving her olive-branch over their heads.
Their different costumes and orders are• remarkably
well represented, while their relative positions, per-
sonal attitudes, and the various expressions of their
countenances communicate a lively idea of the senti-
ments with which they are supposed to be actuated,
and the views entertained by their respective Goven•
ments regarding the act in which they are engaged.
The separate portraits of these Ambassadors, sent by
their respective Governments, decorate the surround-
ing walls. Theffeur delis has been struck out of the
arms of France by the French Republicans, while they
have, strangely enough, left it to decorate those of
England. The sight of this picture, in which we see a
Genoese Ambassador, and no Russian, contrasted
with that which may decorate the same walls at the
conclusion of the present Congress, suggests striking
reflections on the fate of States and Empires; and the
effect of the contrast is heightened when a silk cur-
tain is drawn aside to display the full-length portrait
of the King of Prussia, as lord paramount in the
Hall of the Cmsars.

" The company of actors execute their parts very
well, and arc much superior to what we should find
in a town of the same extent in England. They are
receiving an accession of strength against the approach-
ing Congress, in two performers of eminence—one
from Darmstadt, and another from Stutgard theatre.
The latter, Mr. Essler, is reckoned one of the best
tragic actors in Germany, and is announced for Fri-
day, in Schiller's play of William Tell. Theatrical
amusements are at Aix-la-Chapelle almost a neces-
sary of life, for the loungers who frequent it for
health and for gambling at the bathing season, in
summer and autumn : they fill up a part of the day
which they could not well otherwise dispose of.—
Their usual course is to bathe or drink the waters in
the morning ; to attend the gambling tables on the
Redoubt from twelve till three or four ; to dine at
that hour or a little earlier;
_to take a promenade
then

wand the walls, or towards Louisberg, a beau.
tiful rising ground to the north of the city ; to return
to the theatre till ten, and thence to adjourn to the
gaming-table till midnight. The work of one day is
the work of all; there is little variety, and no novelty.
There will, however, be a little of both before this
day se'nnight."

EXTRACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER FROM LIEGE,
SEPTEMBER 16.

ge Lord Castlereagh passed through this town yes-
terday, on his way to Spa.
" This City, which before the French Revolution
constituted a Sovereign State, under the government
of a Prince Bishop, is populous and rich. Being
situated in a beautiful valley on the Meuse, it has all
the advantages of a water communication with Hol-
land and (tern:any, and being surroundel with coal-
mines, it possesses many facilities for manufactures :
the country in its neighbourhood is rich, variegated,
and picturesque in the extreme.
The Continental System was to the people of
this place a patent of monopoly. Their hardware
and manufactures of all kinds found a ready intro-
duction into France, and a rapid sale. Since the
ports are opened they cannot compete with the Eng-
lish, and hcrce their animosity against their rivals,
and their discontent with a more liberal Government,
hich permits competition. The Manufacturers
themselves confess that they cannot make iron-ware
so good as the English, and hence are obliged to
have an assortment of English goods in their shops,
to supply their customers. I went yesterday to an,
ironmonger's, to buy a penknife, when the shopkeeper
taking up one of Ws own manufacture, said, For-
merly I could sell this for four francs, but now I can
only demand two; for' (I finished the sentence) the
Emperor has left us, and the English have come
among us,' and he shook his head.
"The thange Goverament is generally disliked,
as being connected with this state of things, and is
forced to do every thing to erase former recollections,
and to destroy the monuments of the republican or

imperial sway. On the bridge over the :ileuse there
was the following inscription, made, upon the en-
trance if Dumouner into the city, at the head of the
republican troops—" Id les Li:wois ont vu Irises leurs
fors"—Here the inhabitants of Liege saw their chains
broken. The last words, brises liars fers, are now
erased, and the Liegois only see a—blank. In some
lof the inns there are maps of the Empire, with the
imperial arms clipped off the corners. It was surely
' useless to regard such trifles as these, and many
others that might be mentioned, when these provinces
•still exist under the laws and institutions given them
by the late Government, when the Courts are still
organised as in the time of the Empire, and justice
is administered according to the code of Napoleon.
The present Government, however, is taking more
effectual methods to maintain its ascendency—it is
endeavouring to render Liege a defensible post
against domestic insurrection or foreign invasion.
The citadel, which has been for a long time in ruins,
is now repairing; and strong fortifications are con-
structing on the heights, near the monastery of Char-
treux, on the right side of the Meuse. About 2000

reople of both setes are employed at present in tiles@
works. The women are employed in carrying bricks
and removing rubbish, which .t.hey do in stnall baF.
kets, on their shoulde,:s; the men in digging for
foundations, in making mortar, in building walls, and
raking bastions. Their numbers, their noise, the
variety of their operations, their bustle, and activity,
all confined to a small spot, and associated with the
nature of the work in which they are engaged, pre-
sent, in the midst tif the most profound peace, a con-
fused image of pteparations for war. The scene
altogether strongly reminds one of Virgil's fit&
,de-
scription of the building of Carthage.
" The fortifications on the heights above Liege
tan be of no use in 'defending the town, either on
the side of France or' Germany. The citadel even has,
no bearing on the ria.l which leads from Brussels.--
It was thought of so Wile importance under Bona.
parte, that it was left entirely neglected. The Mem*
can be crossed above and below the town, at no
great distance, and With no danger from the present
fortifications."

We Have received Newfoundland Papers to the 30th
ult. They contain the particulars of the destructive
fire of the 27th August. That devoted Colony his
again suffered severely. The buildings destro)el,
including ordnance store and porter's lodge, an 1
private houses and es, amount to the number of

Ive. The cause of the fire is not knoun: it is,

'however, believed to have arisen from carelessness.
No live' were lost. Two men were severely burnt
in making their way to the street through the flamer.
The amount of property destroyed is not estimated;
it is, however, believed to be dohaparatively trivial.
The Colonial X.egislature of Barbadoes met on the
30th of June, pursuant to adjournment His'Ewe]. •
lency the Governor sem a Message to them reipect-
inr, making current in the Colony the sum of 50001.
sterling' of copper coin for the daily payment of the,
troops, when a Committee was appointed to take the
subject into consideration, ...nd report thereon. A
Bill was also passed to repeal the Act (which by es-
perience had been found ineffectual) for preventing
of Obeah, and for the more effectually checking such
diabolical practice.
A somewhat curious action was lately tried in the
Surrey Assize Court of Jamaica, against the Earl of
BALCARRAS, to recover the freedom of five persons
detained in slavery. The grounds upon which the
plaintiffs sought to obtain their freedom, were, that
they were the descendants of an Indian woman, and
by the 14th Gee. 11. cap. 6. it was declared unlar.ful
to retain in Jamaica, after the Ist of June, 1741,
any Indians or their descendants in slavery. The
evidence, however, which was brought forward in
support of this claim, did not satisfactorily sukttn-
tiate it. It was proved, indeed, that the repnted
:-. Icstur of the claimants, not only was a Mulatto,
•

instead of an Indian, but that she never had any.
children. It is curious, however, that a female.
named Calista Drysdale Collier, stated to be the de-
scendant of the same opposed Indian; brought
similar action, and established her freedom in -Apra
Assizes, 1817, owing to a deficiency of evidence ty
support the case of the defendant, the same witnessoi
no: having been obtained as on the latter occasism.
Frit e.— rhis morning, between four and live ticl Yelt,
a fire was observed breaking out from the lower Nut
of the Crown and Sceptre public-house, comer of
Voley-street and Tithlield-street, Pottland-road, on
which the watchman instantly gave the alarm, and
in a few minutes the neighbours were all on the alert ;
when their first endeavours were directed tp preserv-
ling the lives of the_hnates, in which they haprily
succeeded, by the aid of fire. ladders, procured imm
Portland Chapel. The fire engines were very soon
on the spot,' 'and by the activity of the firemen the
conflagration was confined to the public•hotise'pritt-'
cipally, which is entirely consumed, as well as the
whole of the property it contained.

Coacsfrzar's Imaers;.—An Inquhition was taken yesterday at
the Board-Room of Cierkenwell Workhouse, Coppice-row, on
the body of Mr. Anthony Henry Wilson, who was suffocatsd,
or burnt to death, on the top of a brick-kiln, in Spa-fields.
John Tibbot, brisk-maker, Spa-li.lds, deposed, that on Ratur-
dey morning Lea, about six o'clock, he went to his work at a
brick-kiln in Spa-fields, and saw the deceased lying on the top
of the kiln, enveloped in smoke and sulphur wising from the
bricks, which wen: in an early stage of burning; he culled a
young man to his assistance, and they removed the body to the
gintn7d ; one side of It was very much scorched. Ile believed
that the deceased had been dead several hours. his clothes
were not much burned. Ile appeared between forty and fifty
years of a7,e. He had seen the deceased before' he televed
that he ought have slept sever..l nights on the kiln ;:ricr m
that on which he died; be saw bins get off the kiln on Priel.ty
morning; he did not speak to hint • f the great (tango- of sleep-
ing on a kiln. Ile knew that the effluvia arising from diet:ciao
had the effect of drawing persons who lay near the Lilo to sleep,
and sometimes persons who were not asleep had been reduced m
such a torpid state, and were so beanmbed by lying npoi the
kiln, that they could not move; when the smoke arose, they
haled a portion of it, and were stair:rated. Almost every slight
twenty or more persons came into the brick-fields for the csr-
pose of lying near the kilns for the benefit of the warmth. Ile
and his fellow-workmen were tired of driving them away, for
they returned again as soon as they had left the field. A short
time ago, four of the persons were taken into custody, and con-
veyed to Hatton Barden Police Office, for the purpose of deter-
ring them from coming into the field; but the poor fellows hay-
ing no parish to go to, were dischareed.
Mr. Henry JUDCA, an officer of Clot itenwell Parish, deposed,
that be searched the deeeas..;'s clothes when he was brought to
the Workhouse on Saturday morning, aid found the p,:eket-
book, papers, and ra.mr, he thea produced ; there was not any
money whatever about him.

'fh; Coroner examined the papers, about 20 in number, by
which it aptscaied the deceased had been more than 20 years in
his Majesty s service. He had been Secretary to Admiral Sir
K. Cinder' and Midshipman under the command of the lion.
Algernon Percy. for many years dining the first part of his
service he was Schoolmaster in several of his .Majesty's shits,
and a number of those Officers who are now and have inen an
ornament to their profer.,ion, received their education in the
branches of Astronomy and Navigation from him.

The documents were read by the Coroner; they were mostly
letters of recommendation from Admirals and Captains under
whose command he had served, to the Lords of the Admiralty,
speaking of him is the highest terms, and describing him as a
fit object for promotion.
The last situation the deceased filled was Schoolmaster on
board a King's ship, and he was pail oft, after twenty years'
service, without a pension. He applied to the Admiralty to be
made a Purser, but did not succeed. .

One of the Jury said, that the deceased was the seventh per-
son whit had died upon brick-kilns lat:ly, near Islington.
One of the Overseers of the Path!: iaated, that lan week 2
poor fellow was brought from the same kiln where the deceased
died, apparently dead; he had been suffocated by sleeping on
the kiln. After six hours exertions, by the surgeon, be was re-
cored to ani:natio, and is since peri n sosly recovered.
After a variety of observatio.is upon the unfortunate death of
the deceased, and moos being proposed to the Parish (Xficers to
' prevent a similar occurrence i,kintplitee, a Gentleman, named
Packer, the Foreman of the Jury, proposed the following Spe-
cial Verdict, to which the Jut y Av..' itar.tsreconird:—
" Llied from suffocation, hi steel:int ,n Orleffikiln, taut havin
the meant of pr:curing a I,,ilv•inc!."
