l-,

From the MADRID GAZETTE, December 7, 1808.

CAPITULATION OF MADRID.

Capitulation proposed by the Military and Civil Junta of Madrid,
to his Imperial and Royal Majesty the Emperor of the French.
ARTICLI I.—The preservation of the Catholic, Apostolic, and
Roman Religion, without any other being legally ttlerated.—

ARTICLE IL—The liberty and security of the lives and proper-
ties of the citizens and othgr persons residing in Madrid, as well
as of those in public ernployments: the preservation of their situa-
tions, or the option of their retiring from this Conn, if .they
should prefer it —Likewise the lives, .privileges, and properties
of the secular and regular fccletiairkes• of both sexes, together
with the respect due to the Charches,•lll is conformity to our
laws and customs.—Answer.—Granted.
ARTICLE lll.—The lives and properties of all Military °Seers
of rank are likewise to be safe.-Ansiver.—Granted.
ARTICLZ IV.—No person shall be liable to persecution, on so-,
count of their political opinions or writings, any more than thine
employed in a public capacity, for what they may have done hi-
therto in the exercise of their employments, or in obedience to
the former Government ; nor shall the people suffer for the efforts
which they have made for their defence.—Answer.—Granted.
ARTICLI V.—No other contributions shall be exacted beyond
the ordinary ones that have hitherto been paid.—Answere--
Granted, till the Realm shall definitively be organised. •
AITICLI VL—Our Laws, Customs, and Courts of Justice
shall be presented in their present constitution.—Answer.--Gran-
ted, until the Kingdom undergoes Its definitive organisation.
Amex.: Vil.—The French troops and their Officers shall not
be quartered in priVate houses, but in military lodging houses and
;tents,-and by no means in Convents or Monasteries ; the privi-
• -
. Ines allowed to the respective classes by the laws being preserved.
• -J-Answer.—Granted, it being well understood that both the Of-
ficers and privates must have quarters and tents that are furnished
conformably to the military regulations, unless the said buildings
De Insufficient.
AILTICLZ VIII.—The troops shall march out of the town with
the honours of war, and be at liberty to retire wbitbersoever they
ehuse.--Answer.--The troops shall march out with the honours
of wsx ; the; shall march off by files to-day at four o'clock In the
•fiernoon, and leave their arms and cannon : the armed peasants
1 all also leave their arms and 4rtill cry ; after which the
-nts shall retire to their houses, and those from without the town

s o their villages.
All the individoah that have enlisted among the troops of the
' at four months ago, shall be tree from their engagements, and

retire to their villages.
All the rest shall continue prisoners of war till an exchange take
thee, which will commence immediately between equal numbers
and rank for rank.

AlTlcx.t IX.—The public debts and engagements of the State
shall be faithfully and constantly discharged.
Answer—This being a political object, belongs to the cogni-
zance of the Assembly of the Realm, and depends on the general
ad ninistratlon.

Aaricat X.—Those Generals who wish to continue in the
capital, shall preserve their rank; and such as are desirous of
quitting it, shall be at liberty so to do.
Answer—Granted: they shall remain in their station, although
their pay can only continue till the Kingdom receives its ultimate
argsacition.

ADDrflO NA L. ELtVLNTM ARTICLL.-A detachment of Guards
shall this day, at four o'clock, take possession of the Palace gates.
The dpferent gates of the City, shall, about the same time, be
delivered up to the French army.

The Guard-house of the Daly Guards, and the General Hos-
pital, shall be surrendered to the French army at the same time.

At the same hour, the Park Artillery and the Arsenals, toge-
ther with the Engineers, shall be surrendered to the French Ar-
tillery and Engineers.

The Works and Entrer.ebments shall be levelled, and the streets
repaired. The French GMzer about to take the command of
Madrid, shall, about mid-day, repair, under a military guard, to
the house of the Principal (Governor), in order to concert with
Government, regulations of Police, and measures for the re-
establishment of good order, and public security in all parts of
the town.

Re, the undersigned Commissioners, authorised by full powers
for settling and signing the present Capitulation, have agreed upon
the faithful and entire execution cf the above measures.
FERNANDO DE LA VERA Y i'ANTOGA.
TOMAS DE MORLA.
ALESAWDRO.
Imperial Camp at Madrid, the Bth of December, 1808.
(Awe Copy.)

THE EVESUO ST4

7.

LOItDOEz.

•
L

~.

FRIDAY, JAKU,ARY
—PRICE OF STOCCS THIS DAY AT ONZ O'CI.OOX I
Console, money, 6SH for see. erged li 4
Omnium dis.-:-Lvehequer 13. %MPtg WOW

PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock 1:374+ India Bonds, Is. Ss. pr.
3 per C. Red. Ann. 661 66 64 Imp. Ann. li
s per Cent. Cons. 651-K Irish 6 per CM. SS
4 per Cent. 81411 Exclseri. Bills, Ts. 10s. pr.
5 per Cent. Navy, 97if Orunium 14 dia.
Long And. 18 3-1611:} Consols, for ace. 6641
India Stock 1814 ,

By dispatchericeived yesterday from Sir SIDNU
SMITH, at gio-J4it;.!:); it appears that accoents had
been brought to him y Captain SMITH, whom he had
sent on a special mission to Buenos Ayres, that the
dispitches sent from'llayonne in May last, the object
of Which was to corrupt and debauch the heads of the
Constituted Authorities in that Colony, had been in.
tercepted, and the Fielich Officer who was the bearer
of them thrown into confinement.

The above dispatches are dated the beginning of
November, and were brought home by Lieutenant.,
CARROL, who has also brought accounts that liberal
subscriptions are raising at Buenos" Ayres, which the
British Admiral on that station has offered to transmit
to Spain. We know that the country is very capable.'
of affording powerful pecuniary assistance to her twee:-
sitous parent : it comprehends the famous district of
Potosi ; and has, during the last ten years, annually
remitted in specie to Europe about three millionrrei
dollars.

' It is' supposed that Lieutenant CARROL has brought'
home with him, for the approbation and ratification
of Government, some commercial arrangements be-'
tween that settlement and this country ; the princi.
pies of which bad been for some time under discus-
sion between Sir SIDNEY SMITIt and a deputation
from Buenos Ayres.

The dispatches brought by Lieutenant. CARROLL
were laid before the Cabinet, which was sitting when
he arrived.

The Spanish brig Nra. Sra. Maria Catano, from
Gijon, in five days, arrived at Falmouth on Tuesday.
This vessel has brought accounts which we wish we
could credit ; that, eight days before she left Gijon,
accounts had been received of the French being defea-
ted in Catalonia, by the Patriots under General PALA-
PDX, with the loss of 18,000 men. On the ether hand.
it is strongly reported, that Ministers have received
accounts of the defeat of the Patriots in that province.
If Government have received such accounts, they are
certainly entitled to more credit than the other.
Madrid Gazettes have been received, containing a
copy of the Capitulation of that city. The terms, it
must be allowed, appear to be more favourable than
could well have been expected. The motive on tSe

part of NAPOLEON is, however, obvious. To him it
was a matter of the first importance to be able to free
his troops from the necessity of remaining in that
neighbourhood, that he might send them without de-
lay against Sir JOHN Moon& Having such an ob-
ject in view, the kind of terms given to the city of Ma.
drid, would with him be a matter of secondary int-
portance. Gaining possession of the city, wlthout de-
lay, was obtaining every thing for which he went
there ; for he knew well that, being once in possession,
whatever else he might desire could be Am:mould at
any future period.

Accounts were yesterday received, that the Mow-
Key glln-brig, which has arrived at Leith, from off
Gottenburgh, had been warned off the latter port by
signal. A report was in consequence' circulated, that
the King of Swrozx had shut his ports against all
British shipping. It is supposed, however, that the
signal was made to warn his Majesty's ships of their
danger, in consequence of the quantity of ice in the
harbour.

rizOCIAMATION or ?lir SUPRFMF. CPNTRAL JUNTA
PURLISIIID AT ST. MART'S AND CADIZ, OWTHL 23D OT DEC.
.. Spaniards ! the hired emissaries of the tyrant,
with the design of misleading you, and bringing the
Supreme Governing Junta of the Kingdom into dis-
repute, spread reports that the latter have approved
the capitulation of Madrid. This sovereign body
feel it to be their duty to centradict rumours, the ob-
ject and tendency of which is to sow distrust between
die Government and the people, to produce general New LOTTLRY.—This day sevetal Gentlemen, of
tracouragement and anarchy, and to expose to con- the Lottery Department, waited upon the CIIANCILL•
tempt she sacred oath of your Representatives. Lon of the EXCHEQUER to bid for a new lottery, to
4. Spaniards ! the Supreme Junta, whose motto is
consist of '20,000 Tickets, and the Nees to be of the
4 Death or Liberty,' are far from approving of the ca-
pitulation of any town. That which recognizes the value-Of 'OO,OOOl. to be drawn in four days, at 5000
tsurper, and submits to the law of the tyrant, is not Tickets each day, and the drawing to finish on the
Spa nab—it is an er.emy. These are the sentiments 29th c.f April. All arrangements adopted by the
of the Supreme Junta—sentiments which they will
Contractors to be subject to the approval of the Lords
sever belie, in word or deed ; and whatever you may
of t'.• 'Treasury. Upon opening the lists the follow-
be told by the partisans of despotism, those vile
wretches who sacrifice to a miserable self-interest the ing were the bidders :
sacred rights of their country, be assured that their liaasazir and PVLI.9 . . Xl7 17
reports are calumnies—snares laid for you by the 'Risen* BRANSCOMS
•. 17 S
soN •• •• • 1? 5
tyrant, to entangle you in the mazes of his infernal Cora - - - - 17 1
policy. The country you have sworn to defend, the sidewee .: - - 17 11
telignon wherein you have sworn to die, the spouses Messrs. Heesr ;'? and FULLY were accordingly de.
and offspring you have sworn to protect, a captive dared the successful Candidates.
icing whom you have sworn to rescue—all demand
the fulfilment of your premise. Yeeterday a Cabinet Council sat at the Foreign
" And ye, brave inhabitants of Madrid, who re- Office from three till five o'clock. All the members
fused your assent to a shameful capitulation, and in town were present.
• ising superior fo others invested with command, and, Yesterday the Prince of WALES, the Dukes of Yoex,
even to yourselves, preferred death to misery and KENT, Catesamer." and SUSSEX visited their MAlMS-
slavery, persevere in your generous resolutions The nes and the PRINCESSEI.
momentary occupation of the buildings of the city by Yesterday the PRINCESSES honoured Lady CHAR-
the enemy is of no importance, whilst they are not LOTTE FINCU with a visit, at her apartments in St.
`James's Palace. 1
masters of your hearts. Continue to resist them in
the very hosortrof your families ; place no confidence Yesterday the jewels belonging to her MAJEsTy and
in their deceitful professions; reflect that to every the PRINCESSES were removed from the Bank to the
1 ecple they have promised happiness, and all they Queen's Palace.
Lard CLANCA.RTY arrived yesterday at his house in
• eve plunged into misery. The Junta, who watch
over your destiny, will cause numerous reinforcements Spring-garden Terrace, from Ireland.
march to that unfortunate Capital. They have Lord MELVILLE arrived in town yesterday, from
of forgotten you ;no ! keep alive your hopes, retain his-seat at Wimbledon. ,
our bravery and firmness, and your deliverance will Letters and Papers were yesterday receivoill fiord
be the more glorious, as the danger you have encoun- . Holland ; bin they contain no news of so Ain date
T. red has been great.'• as that we had previously received. .

• THE ARMY.
•
The 14 battalions of the 24th, 52d, and 44th regi.
lielyti of foots are guttered in Guernsey, and are fast
completing.
The 4th, or Irish regiment of dragoon guards, is
'Me of the corps under orders for Spain. This highly
:disciplined regiment was commanded many years by
Major-General Tgewmts. The present Commanding
, Officer has served long, and is a man of experience.
Since *this regiment returned from Manchester, it has
'seen quartered at Nottingham, Leicester, and Bir-
Mingh am.
Sunday, an Officer, and a detachment from the
,Drivers Corps of Artillery, quartered for a conside-
rable time past in Waterford, marched for Cork, for
embarkation. It was reported, but without any
foundation, that the 40th Regiment had received a
.•u •.
nnAr route.

Lord AMHERST was yesterday met at dinner, at
the Freemasons' Tavern, in Great Queen-street, Lin-
coln's-Inn-fields, by his most respectable corps, the
St. James's Volunteers, where his Lordship took his
leave of them, and received their acknowledgments
for the attention which he has uniformly paid them.
I 'The trench General Lvirsar left Plymouth on
Sunday for Reading, where he is to remain prisoner
ituparola. He is abput 35 years old, and was most
splendidly dressed. He wore the star of the Legion
of Honour.

,

FRENCH BULLETIN.

The Twentieth Bulletin of the French army laa.
been received in town. It is dated Madrid, the 19t1.
ult. ; at that time BONAPAIITE, with the whole of his
army was at Madrid, and in the environs of that ca.
pital ; and he expresses in the Bulletin, his intender.
of giving his troops some days rest, after the extraor
dinary fatigues they had undergone.

The Bulletin states, that patroles of French cavalry
had pushed on as far as Valladolid, on the one side,
and to the frontiers of Andalusia on the other.—:
It also states, that the corps which had advanced to
Talavera was still at that place ; and adds, that the
cavalry had at length discovered the existence of the
English, who bad remained in so extraordinary s
manner immoveable at Salamanca ; but it does not
state how very ,dearly the French cavalry had pair*
for their discovery The Bulletin concludes wit.:
stating that the Bth division had reached Burgos.

The last letters from Cadiz state, that General
CArruwos was undergoing his trial at Seville. They
-aka add, that a private interview had taken place
between BONAPARTE and MORLA• previous to that ce-
lebrated public audience, in which his Imperial Majcq
read the Spanish General the very curious and extra.
otdinary lecture, the substance of which is given in
one of the Bulletin:. In this it was, it is said, arrang-
ed that MoRLt should facilitate the surrender of the
capital, and that the reward for his perfidy was to be
his being continued Governor of Madrid. In conse-
quence of some suspicious orders
.given by one of hi;
Aides4e-Camp, his treacherous intentions were dis-
covered-
This day a singular circumstance occurred at the
Admiralty. About 360 sailors and marines, lately
belonging to the STANDARD, which arrived a few
days ago from the Mediterranean, and from which
ship they had been turned over to the Tuusutaxa,
at Chatham, after their arrival, came in a body to
the Admiralty. These poor fellows, 'tom being long
in the Mediterranean, had arrears due to them,•which
they seemed to imagine was somehow imputable to
negligence on the part of the agents. They were
very kindly received by the First Lord of the Ami.
ralty, and learnt to tl.eir great satisfaction, that the
delay had arisen only from their being on a foreign
station, and that orders were already issued for pay.
ing them, They were highly gratified with their
reception, and instantly set off again in a body for
Chatham.
Monday, a meeting of the Privy Council took place
at the Council Office, which was attended by the
MAST= of the Rot's, Sir .EvAw. NEIMAN, and Mr.
As, upon Plantation Appeals. Their Lord-
Ships' attention was principally called to the cause of
Sir WILLIAM YOUNG O. STEWART, and SOMBOO v. the
East India Company. The proceedings of their
Lordships were adjourned rine. die upon the first cause,
and the latter was adjourned to next Monday.
Extract of a letter from an Officer on board the
NAactssus, dated off Rochefort, January 3 —O4 I have
sent this by the GIBRALTAR, which has just left this
station. We are now blockading the frigates that
escaped from Nantz and run in here during the very
hard gales a few days past. when we were blown off
the coast. You may shortly expect to see me at Ply.
mouth Dock, as I understand the Admiral has or.
dered the ALCMENE frigate to relieve us ; but she has
not yet arrived."
The beautiful frigate CLORINDE (formerly French)
the command of which has been given to Captain
'bums, has had a complete refit at Plymouth, and is
expected to sail in a few days. She is destined to go
as convoy to the first outward-bound fleet to the East
Indies. Capt. Susxus goes out with her, as Com-
missioner at the Cape of Good Hope.
Sitting appoint(' in Middlesex and London, before
the Right Hon. Sir JAMES MANSPLELDI Knt. Lord
Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas,
Westminster, in and after Hilary Term, 1809 :

. Di TXRDI.

MUDOLtaD. LONDON.
Tuesday
Wednesday Feb. 1. Thursday
Monday •••••••?•••• 7. Tuesday
AFTER TERM.
Tuesday ....... Feb. 14. I Wednesday Feb. 15
CuItIOUs At/lc:non Soon after the conquest,
when the French language was first introduced into
our Courts of Law, the Society of Gray's Inn ap-
pointed an officer, whose duty it was to summon the
‘Students, &c. to dinner, at twelve o'clock, by walk-
ing through every part of the Inn, and crying out
Manger! Afange? I The office continues to the present
day, and thediity of it is discharged at the same hour,
and therefore, from the change of customs and habits,
may rather serve for a summons to breakfast than
dinner : this ancient dinner bell is called the Mangeur,
and receives a quarterly stipend for the use of his
noon-day clapper to this hour.
Cooka's re-appearance, for the first time after his
indisposition, wat last night, at COLMAN'S heatre,
distinguished by reiterated bursts of the warmest and
loudest plaudits. He performed his popular charac-
ter of Sir Pertinent Maetycolehant, in the Comedy of
The Man of the World, All the peculiarities of Sir
Pertinax were very happily given ; and, although
evidently labouring under a severe cold, yet Coons
displayed to the greatest advantage those admirable
powers which have. rendered him so deservedly a very
great Favourite with the Public.—C. Kasums, Mut-
RAY, and BRUNTON *acquitted themselves with much
propriety.—Mrs. H. JOHNSTON looked charmingly in
Lady Reddittris Liankreourt, and gave all the sarcastic
points of the Author in the most impressive manner.
Miss NORTON in Conttentia evinced also much genius.
—The assemblage was one of the hest of the season.
Among those distinction we noticed, the Duchess
of MONTROSI, Lady Sv.tuaart, Mn, Our Husua,
Lady 14.0LVT.TOT, &c.

.

