ST. JAMES'S PALACE MAace 2.

The King was this day pleased to confer the honour of Knighthood
on John de Veulle, Esq. Bailiff of the Island of Jersey.

CROWN OFFICE, MARCH 4.

MESIBERS RETURNED TO SERVE DI THIS PRESENT PARLIAMENT.

County of Kilkenny—The Honourablel;hnllllliaM Ponsonby,
commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon.

Borough of Wigan—John Hodson Kearsley, of the said Borough,
3nd of Higher Hall, within %%rudder, in the Parish of Leigh, in the
:Aunty Palatine of Lancaster, Esq. in the room of James Alexander
Hodson, Esq. who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.

Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Middlesex.
inseph Hume, Fnq. to be Deputy Lieutenant; Edward Webster
Bullock Webster, Esq. to be ditto.
C.rnnu,sion by his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the
City of London.
9ezinient of Royal London Militia—Thomas Allen, Esq. to be Cap-
ri:), vice Meard, deceased.

Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Dorset.
Li:Net Regiment of Volunteer Yeomanry Cavalry—Samuel Pretor,
Gri.t. to be Cornet.

Commissions by the lard Lieutenant of the County of Devon.
'lobe Deputy Lieutenants—George Strode, John Milner, jun. John
Redd, Thomas Snow, junior, Edward Brown, John Buller Yarde
Buller, Charles Hale hlonro, William Arundell Harris Arundell,
George Lewis Coham, John Palmer Bruce Chichester, George Wm.
Soltan. Charles Cifford, Abraham Smith, Esquires.
Devon Regiment of Militia—Charles Scale Hayne, Gent. to be
Ensign ; John Arthur Lysaght, Gent. to be ditto.
:1 Devon Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—John Boone, Esq. to be
Captain ; Francis Baring Short, Gent. to he Lieutenant ; William
Richard Bishop, Gent. to be Cornet, vice Stowey, promoted ; John
Henry Ley, Gent. to be ditto.
North Devon Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry—Thomas Wrey Har-
ding, Esq. to be Captain, vice Bassett, resigned; Charles Webber,
Gent. to be Lieutenant; William P;chard Keates Walter, Gent. to
he Cornet.
Commissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Dumbarton.
.tetvart Jolly, Esq. to be Deputy Lieutenant; James Hamilton, Jun.
Esq to be ditto.
Commission by the Lord Lieutenant of Stirling and Dumbarton.
1.8:h, or Stirlingshire, &c. Regiment of Militia—The Right Hon. Wil-
liam David Lord Viscount Stormont, to be Lleutenant.Colonel, vice
Conning,hanie, resigned.
Coramissions by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of Northampton.
brackley and Chippingwarden Squadron of Yeomanry Cavalry—Wil-
liam Cartwright, Esq. to be Captain-Commandant ; Henry Hely
Hutchinson, Esq. to be Captain; William Willes, Gent. to be Lieu-
tenant ; John Henry Pyc, Gent. to be ditto ; Robert Weston, Gent.
to be Cornet.
Wellingborough Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry—Allen Allicocke Young,
Esq. to be Captain ; T. Williams Gent. to be Lieutenant ; Wm.
Whitworth, Gent, to be Cornet.
hurdle Troop of Yeomanry Cavaltry—Charles Paul Berkeley, Gent.
to be Lieutenant.
DECLARATION:cIon OF INSOLVENCY.
Isaac Hellier, aen. Wimbl, schoolmaster.

BANKRUPPS.
Jovcx RICHASD, Cambridge, bootmaker. to surrender March 11, at
ten, 18, and April 16, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners.-
Atte. Blears. Robinson, Rine, and Robinson, Chanerhouse square.
wax txsox JOSEPH, Eamont-bridge, Westmorland, clock-maker,
?larch 23, 24, and April 15. at eleven, at the George Inn, Penrith.
Attorneys, Mr. Addison, Vcrulam-buildings ; and Mr. Atkinson,
Penrith.
FARRAR, JOSEPH, Halifax, and FARRAR, JAMS, Bradford, Yorkshire,
common carriers, March 17, at three, at the Sun Inn, Bradford, 18,
and April 15, at ten, at the Magistrates' Room, Halifax. Attorneys,
. . Jaques and Battye, Coleman-street; and W. F. Holroyde,
Halifax.
Arrcocx, PoLicaar, Redditch, Worcestershire, needle manufacturer,
%larch 16, 17, and April 15, at twelve, at the Swan Inn, Alcester,
Warwickshire. Attorneys, Dlr. Joseph Creswell, Redditcb ; and
Messrs. Lowndes and Gatty, Red Lion-square.
)1011, THOMAS, Kirton in Lindsey, Lincolnshire, draper, March 18, at
three, 19, and April 13, at eleven, at the George Inn, Kirton in
Lindsey. Attorneys, Messrs. Bell, Brodrick, and Bell, Bow Chinch.
yard, Cheapside ; and 111 . Thorpe and Smith, Kirton in Lindsey
Suomi; WILLIAM, march. Liverpool, Mar. 24, 2.5, April 15, at one.
Lr the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool. Attorneys, Mr. J. Clue, and
slessrs. Ramsbottons and Roberts, Liverpool; and Messrs. Taylor
and Roscoe, King's Bench Walk, Temple.
AMWAY% JAMES. Bath, tea-dealer, March 14, 15, and April 15, at
eleven, at the Castle and Ball Inn, Bath. Attorneys, Mr. Wil-
lasighby 111'Ghie, New Inn ; and Mr. E. V. Goodball, Bath.
DIVIDENDS.
)larch 25, W. W. and J. N. Dunn, Sambrook-court, Basinghall-
:reel, brokers March 25, I. B. Baker, Conduit-street, Bond-street,
.3!lor-April 8, T. S. Alger, Eton, Buckinghamshire. miller-Much
=,. U. Alder, East India Chambers, Leadenhall-street, merchant-
'rd 22, It. Leonard, Cheapside, warehouseman-March 25, C. H.
!I,lllnswortb, Cbapman's-place, Great Dover-street, Southwark, coal
trdiant-March 25, J. Harris, Pickett-street, Strand, linen draper
-March 25, T. and T. Oriel, Poland-street, Oxford-street, tailors-
alarth 25, 1. Hawden, J. Sandeman, and J. L. Cowell, Gibraltar and
Ll,l`"Pord, merchants-March 2.5. J. Miller, Pall- ?arch 28, '=B, J. Wadsworth, Long Buckby, Northamptonsl, hire,o dealer-
Asartli 11, %V. Taplin, Basinptoke, ironmonger.

The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from Hereford, em the
subject of the Chinch-building Ac.. Also a petition from Roys.on.
against the duty on coals.
The Duke of GORDON presented several petitions against negro
slavery.
Sir A. GRANT, Lord STANLZY, and other members from tliv Coln.
mons, brought up several private bills.
Lord HA RDWICKE presented a petition from the Dissenters of
UttoNeter, for the abolition of slavery in the colonies.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE presented the answer of his Majesty
to an address for papers.
The Duke of GORDON presented petitions from Aberdeen and In-
verness, against the post-horse duty.
The East of KINNOCL presented two petitions to the same
purport.
Lord CAWDOR presented several petitions from Carmarthen, and
other parts of Wales, for the abolition of negro slavery.
•

ITTHIS.

Viscount CLIFDEN presented; petition from the Roman Ca-
tholic inhabitants of the parish of Bray, in Ireland, praying for relief
from the tithe system. The Noble Viscount said he had received a
letter front a learned prelate, the Rev. Dr. Doyle, complaining that his
Noble Friend, (Lord Farnham), in his place, had erroneously stated
that the Rev. Mr. Doyle, Vicar of Bray, was related to him, Dr.
Doyle. The Rev. Prelate denied there was any relationship between
them. The Noble Viscount, adverting to the subject of the petition,
I spoke of the differences between the Protestant and Roman Catholic
' hierarchy. He was convinced that the disputes between those persons
would never subside until a liberal allowance was made for the Ca-
tholic clergy.
Lord FARNHAM said he had formerly apprised their Lordships
that he should bring a hornet's nest about his ears when he spoke of
the Roman Catholic clergy. It appeared, from the letter received by
the Noble Viscount, that he was charged with improperly describing
the relationship which he had supposed to exist between Dr. Doyle and
the clergyman of the same name. He was not learned in the pedigree
of the Doyles, nor could he tell how far their genealogies extended to
cousins, but there could be no doubt that the Rev. Mr. Doyle had
addressed his Catholic congregation calling upon them, not to pay
tithes to the Protestant clergy. His Noble Friend had spokes% of a
provision for the Catholic clergy, and he could only say, if a Bill were
brought into Parliament for that purpose, he never could consent to it.
Viscount CLI FDEN explained.
The LORD CHANCELLOR rose to present thirty-one petitions,
from different parts of the country, on that subject which now occupied
the attention of the whole nation—reform in Parliament. It was his
intention to follow the excellent example which had been adopted by
noble lords, and refrain from entering into the discussion of this most
important subject till the matter came regularly before the house. Ile
did so because he was convinced the subject would meet elsewhere the
calm and deliberate discussion which a subject of such magnitude and
importance deserved.
The Duke of BUCKINGHAM wished to know whether any of the
petitions were in favour of the ballot.
The LORD CHANCELLOR thought the Noble Duke was int.
posing an arduous task upon him, but he believed very few of these
were for the ballot, being generally poor Scotch burghs, and he did
not understand the subject of the ballot had made very great progress
in that part of the country ; he would, however, read over the names of
the petitions, by which the noble Lord would probably be able to see
what were in favour of the ballot and what not. His Lordship then
read over the petitions, which were from St. Pancras, Dewsbury, Fife,
Ludlow, Lyme Regis, St. Luke's, Roxborough, and twenty other
places. The noble Lord apologised at a considerable length to the pe-
titioners for reading over the names of their petitions in such a bead.
roll sortof way, but he did so from an anxiety not to occupy the valua.
ble time of the House by reading them one by one.
The Duke of NORFOLK rose to express the great gratitude he felt
towards his Majesty's Governmentlfor having brought forward so effec-
tual a plan of reform, as was now under discussion in another place.—
lie felt confident that it would give general satisfaction to the whole
country. As a proof of that, he need only advert to the meeting that
had taken place of the Common Council of London and Westminster,
to express to his Majesty their high gratitude for what had been done.
He was persuaded the measure would tend to allay those troubles the
country had been labouring under, (Hear) and that when it was passed
into a law, England would again see golden days. As an individual,
he might be supposed to sustain some loss from this measure ; on that
score he had no regret; (Hear, hear) if it were ten times as much, he
should glory in the sacrifice, it tended to the liberties and happiness
of the people. (Hear.)
