70110ERY PUNISHMENT BILL.

Sir IL PEEL said, in consequence of the illness of an honourable
member, who took a part in the debate on the bill, he should move
to postpone the consideration of their lordships' amendments to the
bill to Monday. The right hon. gentleman made the motion,
which was agreed to.
Mr. OTWAY CAVE presented a petition from Brighton, for
the abolition of slavery in the West Indies. Ile hoped the question
would be generally taken up on the broad ground of slavery being
against the law and constitution of this country. If parliament
did not interfere to give the negroes their legal rights, he thought
they would be justified in having recourse to force.
Mr. H. TWISS said, the state of slavery was recognized by
English law. If the slaves were to act on the opinions of the hon.
gent. it would throw not only all rights of property, but all other
rights in the West Indies into inexplicable confusion.

Mr. W. SMITH said, no doubt the law now recognised slavery ;
but when Col. Hawkins asked Queen Elizabeth's permission to
take Africans to the colonies, she said, if the Africans were taken
to the colonies against their consent, it would be detestible in the
sight of GOD and man ; and would bring down the vengeance of
Heaven on the perpetrators of the crime. He thought, from the
distress now prevalent in the West Indies, this prophecy was in
course of fulfilment. He was confident, if we wanted to destroy
the West Indies, we could not do it more effectually than by leav-
ing them to the consequences of their own system of injustice,
cruelty, and blood.
Sir G. MURRAY said he felt convinced in his own mind that
slavery could only have its origin in cruelty. Its only excuse was
a hen barbarous nations, in a state of war, made slaves of their pri-
soners, instead of putting them to death ; but that civilized countries
s::ould make slaves of uncivilized people for gain was not to be
tolerated. Every thing should be done to ameliorate the condition
of those now in a state of slavery, but every expression should be
avoided that could have the effect of inflaming the minds of the un-
happy sufferers.
Dir. OTWAY CAVE said the right of resistance to oppression
was the natural right of every human being. When protection was
refused, allegiance was dissolved. He was anxious to prevent such
an appeal, and therefore wished to warn the slave owners of the dan-
ger they incurred. The hon. gentleman prorated similar petitions
1:om Castle Dortington and Loughborough.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from certain persons in Rye,
complaining of the decision of the Rye election committee.
- -

H Ulll E said he hoped there was no truth in the report that the
treasury money had been given in support of the present petition.
Mr. 0. CAVE said he had heard the same report, and he hoped
the Government would disavow it.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, in a most in-
dignant tone, he would not answer such a charge. If the hon. gent.
had a charge to make let him bring it forward in a proper manner,
and it should be answered.

Mr. 0. CAVE said he did not make a charge, but as there was
such a report he thought the government ought to be obliged to the
hon. gent. who asked the question.
Mr. HUME said, a great deal of virtuous indignation had been
thrown away by the right hon. gentleman—he had reason to believe
that government money had been advanced in support of the object
of the petition.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, if the hon.
gentleman had reason to believe that government had been guilty of
bribery and corruption, the dereliction of duty was his in not bring.
ing the subject before the house.
- -

Mr. HUME said, he did not charge bribery and corruption...the
money might be advanced for expenses.
Mr. SPRING RICE brought up the report of the committee on
the state of the poor in Ireland.—Ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. LABOUCH ERE hoped the government would have no ob.
tion to give a pledge that the bill for the government of Canada
would be brought forward early next session.

Sir G. 111URRAY said he was quite aware of the importance of
the measure, and would press it at the earliest opportunity.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that an
order for printing returns respecting the Scotch distilleries, be dis-
charged. The printing would cost 1501.
The motion was agreed to.
