LORD COCHR ANE.

COPY OP A LITTER PROM LORI COCHRANE. TO HIS HIGH
111106 IfORAMMID PACHA OF EGYPT. •
Your emplaying foreigners in your military and naval
service, the privilege which you claim and exercise of
building and equipping ships of war in neutral states,
and of purchasing steam-yesNelt, and hiring transports
under neutral flags. for hostile purposes, and to trans-,
port to slavery a people whom the O.toman arms have
never yet beers able to subdue, warrants a belief (what-
ever your sentiments may be), that the civilized, edu-
cated, and liberal portion of mankind will be gra:ified,
that succours, similar to those which you have unfortu-
nately obtai net hitherto from those states, are now about
to be afforded to the brave, the oppressed, and suffering
Greeks; nor will the advantage derived be wholly
theirs ; for until you shall cease, or be forced to abandon
your inhuman traffic in Christian slaves, and the com•
mission of cruelties which stain the character of man,
your subjects must inevitably continue blrbarous—a
state from which it would be a source of great gratifi-
cation to contribute to release them.
It is true that the Christian world have not of late
contended in arms with those of your faith, on points of
religion ; they have not, however, fallen into a state of
apathy so great as to see unheeded the perpetration of
those enormities which you are daily committing on
their Christian brethren ; a sentiment with• which no
feeling of animosity towards you, or towards your
people, is combined, but on the contrary a desire to
render you every good service consistent with that duty,
paramount to all others—namely, to wipe out the stain
from the civilized world, of unfeelingly and inhumanly
co-operating to exterminate, enslave, and transport to
bondage a whole Christian people; and such a people,
the descendants of those Greeks, whose genius laid the
chief foundation of literature and the arts—who reared
those noble monuments and edifices, which time, and
the more destructive barbarian hand, have yet failed to
destroy, and which, compared with the wretched hovels
of your hordes, may better point out to you the eleva-
tion they attained, and the prostrate state In which your
people are—owing, alas! to the baneful effects of bi-
gotry and despotic sway. Surely, surely there is ample
field for the exercise of your energies at home, in encour-
'ging industry, the arts, and sciences, in promoting the
civilized& of your people, and in enacting equitable
laws for the security of persons and property ; on which
basis the national prosperity of all countries must rest.
But should your ambition, not content with bestowing
blessings like these on your native land, lead you to soar
almost above mortal acts, distant oceans would unite,
and the extremities of the globe approach at your com-
mand ; thus might your name be rendered immortal,
and Egypt again become the emporiim of commerce,
and one-of the richest and happiest nations upon- earth.
How infinitely great the glory of such acts! How
despicable the fame of a tyrant conqueror,—the ruler
of slaves
It would be pleasing to support you as the author of
great and good works; but it is shameful to permit
your present proceedings, and dastardly .to leave the
unfeeling apostate sons of neutral and Christians nations
unopposed, aiding to perpetuate barbarism for horrid
gain, drawn from the price of Christians torn from
their homes, and sold as slaves in foreign lands.
Against these atrocious men, my eompanions and
myself cast the gauntlet down, and will contend, iq the
hope, that you and they may perceive your true in-
terests, and your great error, and pursue a different
course before it shall be too late. Quit the classic sacred
soil of Greece. Let the Sayings, and burnings, and
impalings of this people cease; and, oh! shocking to
humanity.! the ripping up of pregnant females, and the
hewing in pieces of their infant babes, and other acts
yet worse than these, too horrid to relate! Release the
Christian slaves—pursue an honourable and enlightened
path, and we become friends to aid you in your pur-
suits. But should the present course be continued, let
the bands of cruel assassins in your employ count on
our opposition; count, too, on our neutralizing the
effect of every vessel procured or brought from Chris-
tian States. 66 Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers,"
(in the prophecy now to be fulfilled). 66 WO to them
that go down to Egypt for help and stay.", " When
the LOAD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth
sh fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and
they all shall fall together:'
Instead of filling brimful the cup of bitterness,
of which you yourself must ultimately drink, bow
admirably might you employ your people, and your
treasure, the waste whereof is tearing to you a barba-
rian successor, to prolong the bondage of Egypt.
The Christian prayer of those called to rescue their
suffering brethren is, that conforming yourself to the
dictates of reason and humanity, you may live long to
benefit mankind ; and as you are more enlightened
than your predecessors, so may you become more hu-
mane and just. (Signed) ' COCHRANE.
• Isaiah, e. 51.

By advice: from Bogota to the 9th of April, it ap-
pears that the accusation preferred by the House of
Representatives against General Paez, for misconduct
in the exercise of his functions as Commandant General
if Venezuela. has been admitted in the S?nate by 15
votes to 6. His impeachment will, therefore, be pro-
ceeded with, unless rte critical situation in which Co.
Nubia is placed by tt•e derangement of its finances,
should make the Goveri.ment pause in the punishment
of an officer who has acted so conspicuous a part in the
Revolution, and who is much beloved by the soldiery.
The return of Bolivar to his own country seems referred
to by the public voice as the only event which can
rescue the Republic from its present difficult situation.
It appears by the finance accounts lately presented to
Parloonent, that the net Revenue of the Customs of
Great Britain, for'tl.e year ending the sth January,
1t 26, was 17,038,3571. and the charges of collection
156,1761. being at the rate of 6 per cent. The net
Revenue of the Customs of Ireland for the same period
was 1,906.9001. and the charges of collection, 368,5561.
being at the rate of 19 per cent. The net Revenue of,
the Excise of Great Britain was .20,476,6881. and the
charges of collection 1,027,4261. or in the proportion of
5 per cent. while the net Excise Revenue of Ireland
was 1,776,2261. and the charges of collection 225,6791.
being in the proportion of nearly 13 per cent.
A few years ago there was a troublesome fellow in Ireland, al-
ways disputing nn the subject of Catholic Emancipasion--a &mimic
in Burgoyne's regiment. lie was an Irishman, too, a hot Irish ser-
jeaut ; and on one occasion, when quarrelling about the Catholics,
he fought end was It Med. They buried him ; and some wag wrote
the following epitaph, which was placed on his tombstone ;
Here lies the body of Serjeant Wafe,
I hope the Devil's got him safe.
Reader, ill lay you any wager,
He now the Devil's Serjeant Major!
