,

in foriethey paid-leo dear for it. He was
much !she cobnl, to,keep the institutions of
but, if laws wanted reform, it was the
Legislator to endeavour to do something
to amendment. Nothing had done so I
as the dictum laid down by a popular
laws. 11 was laid down in Blackstone 's'

that in fete nature there was no property
lion -he denied. The ancient common law
allowed every man full power over the game
land. The principle of the common law said, let
every man enjoy the game eE his own_land. It
was property, and considered furl, until the 23d if
Charles the Second, when the reat altera'inn took
place. Qualifications were imposed, and the re:
straints followed which at the present day were these's.
ject of so much complaint. He knew a great number
of persons who held that the laws in existence were the
only means of preservirio game; but he was convin •
from due consideration of the subject,thet if they allowi#
the sale of g ame, and abolished qualifications, much gond
would ensue. The Noble Lord stated the law with res.
to qualifications. He knew he was addressing Peers
and landholders in England, Ireland, and Scotland,
and most of those Noble Peers were ignorant of the
penalties, they themselves and their sons were subject
to every time they went outgo sport. Every titee they
went shooting they committed trespasses, for which
they were liable to informations, penalties, and actions.
The Noble Lord proposed in the Bill he should seismalt!
to the House, to say, that no man should trespass on
another man's lapd with dogs or' any other thing.—
He should be warned of, and if he did not go, be
should be taken before a Magistrate and convicted forth-
with in a penalty. He wished, not only to do away
qualifications, but to guard against trespassing. The
lows bed forbidden the sale of game. but it was sold,
a would be sold. He did not see Why the Alder.
man's table should not have game as weß as the land-
holder's. He should propose to enable the Magistrates
to issue licences to the sellers of game. His object
was, .i.O shew equal justice to all. 'There was another
part of this subject which required attention: he al-
luded to persons who went out at night to poach. The
feeling of thi country was not in favour of the game-
keeper, but the poacher. It was said the law is unjust,
and why should persons be denied the use of game,
merely because tbeir,property vent not agricultural...?
If the law excluding paii‘mjs ant Manufacturers i ,
'The
fair use Of game was utoto',ltought to be re ,
'The Noble Lord had, therefore, a Bill to lay on
,tela iptituled An Act to amend the Laps readies
1
then-Preservation of Game in that Part pf the Oosm
Kingdom called England. The effect would be the
repeal of the 57th of the late King, known by the name
of Mr. Banks's Act. Thet :unite was trite. The ob.
jeci of the 13iff before the House world he to remove
the temptation now held out to poachers. lf, after game
was made property, liable to be sold like any other
comthOdity, poaching was carried on, the offender, for
thy' Ara offence, would be subject to the months'
imprisonment ; • for the second, six months ; for the
third, he was liable to be tried f r felony, and subject,
on conviction, to transportation. In all cases what
attar;4 were made oa gamekeepers, the **niers
would be liable to indictments for felony. These were
the provisions to be submitted to their Lordships, and
Lord Wharncliffe entreated a patient examination of
the Bill. It was not a matter taken up in haste, but
the result of long investigation. The measure did not
come from an enemy to field sports, but from one who
delighted in his dog and his gun—from one who was
desirous that their Lordships, as Peers of the Realm,
should stand 800 the view of the public with respect
to rights and laws for the protection of property.—
The Noble Lord concluded by moving the Erse reaching
of his Bill.
The Earl of MALMESBURY returned thanks ns
the Noble Lord for the manner in which he had intro-
duced that important subject to their Lordships. Ha
°illy wished to make a few observations to correct e
• wrong impression which prevailed. He denied that
Poaching arose from the state of the Game Laws: it
proceeded chiefly at present from the want of employ-
ment of the poor. The Game Laws had (misted nearly
two centuries, and it was only of late Years that offew.M
andconvictions for Poaching had so considerably in-
creased. The comfortable state of the prisons might
also'contribute to augment the offence. He had had ri
proof of that himself. A man had shot a pheasant ip
his park, and desired the Keeper to inform the Ma-
gistrate. He (the Earl of Malmesbury) had spokep
to him, and received this answer, " I have done it on
purpose, in order to be sent to jail. The waters are
out and I cannot go to my employment without'
walking eight miles, and the parish will not support
those who can get employment within eight miles.",
He (the Earl of Malmesbury) did not of course 'send'
him to jail, but the man's wish shewed the light in which ,
prisons in their present comfortable state were viewed
by the poor. As to the rich Fundholder or Commit.
Wel man being deprived of all qualifications for shoot.j
ing, it was always in his power to procure one by pur-
chasing an estate. He wished the country to be set right
on the 1 oint that the increase of crime did not arise
from the state of the Game Laws.
The Earl of HARDWICKE said, that the present in-
crease of poaching did not arise from the state of the
country, but of the laws. He also said, that the House
was much indebted to the Noble Lord for the manner
io which he hal opened the subject.
Lord TEYNHAM maintained, that it was taxation
which had lowered a great p otion of the British popu-
lation ; and gave notice of his intention, at some future
period, to move that the State of the Labourers in the
Country be tat en into consideration.
The Earl of CARNARVON also thanked his Noble
Friend for having brought the question before the
House. He regretted the loss of a similar Bill two
years ago, aid-hoped that the present was the same in
substance. No good could fie done till they had cleared
away the lumber of qualifications, and set the tight of
every man on an intelligible footing. lie approved of
the proposed graduation of punishments, and especially
of the demand for aunties, by which, as there was
" honour amongst thieves,* he conceived that poachers
would feel themselves effectually booed to abstain from
depredations.
Viscount CLIFDEN regretted that the Noble Lord
had not introducedirehis Bill athuse to prevent the use
of those murderous Instruinents, spring guns, which ge-
nerally shot any body but the poachefs.
• The' Marquis of LANSDOWN joined cordially in
the general sentimens or respect and gratitude for the
pains which the Noble Lord had taken, and for his
hiving introduced the subject in 'such,a Manner, as,
whatever might be tbe'ult•maie result, to insure iis full
discessiodduring the cowse df the • Session. He was
anxious to shew to their Lordships that the offences

feelings of honour in the lower classes, which were a
greater _security against offences than the severity of
denounced punishments.
The' wan then mod a first time and, on Lord Wllhas.
curres modes, on/4mA for a second reading that day fortnight.
The Dlsrynia d LANSDOWN moved for Returns of the
.fiftintber of Cooasitmta and Charges in every town of England
and Wales, In 1818,1811 1812, Inelwilve, sad In 1824,1825, and
11126 ; and for shollat Remus with respect to Scotland and Ire-

11110.--.VIOINVU•
The Noble hisaiwiss than moved, that a eaessage be sent to the
House of Commons for a Copy of their report on Labourers'
Wages.—Ordered.
Adjoutuad at Sivritm u'CLocc titi Thursday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The Moue was occupied until nearly lire o'clock in WWl* far
a C,onunittee an the Peoria Election Petition. The following ue
the names of the Committee :
Sir W. H. Pringle, B. Handcock, G. Leigh Beck, IL J. Face,
&r G. Fethorstooe, P.; Van Boucle+, Sr W. Heathrow, C.
N. Pannier, L. W. Beck, Sir H. Cooke C. Belier, J. Bastard,
C. B. Turner, Lord Abhor', Lord G. So:Dorset.
_ _

COAX tress.
Mr. C. CALVERT said, he held in his hand a Pe- ,
tition signed by a great number of his constituents.
The Meeting at which the Petition was agreed to bad '
been attended by no less than 1,500 persons. The Pe-
titioners prayed for Retrenchment and for a Free
Trade in Corn. He fully concurred with them in
these sentinients. He felt convinced that the late and
present distress did not arise entirely from the Corn Laws,
but were in a great measure to be ettribetefl to the bur-
then of taxation.
Sir R. WILSON supported the Petition. It was the
wish of his constituents, that all the great interests of
the country should prosper ; that the agricultural
should not be sacrificed to the trading or manufactur-
ing, or an undue preference given to the corn-grower.
Their object was to do justice to all.—They wished to
see competition in the Corn-market. For the purpose
of supporting the Agricultural Interests, they did not
think it essential that all money .which came into the
hands of traders and manufacturers should have the
corn stamp on it, or that corn should see a high price.
They prayed for economy, but not such a parsimonious
kind as would preclude the Nation from fulfilling its
engagements 'or supporting its bonour.—The Petition,'
which was from the Borough of Southwark, Was read
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Pawn, of the Seal Mee, presented a return of the
masher of ILleoperies wiled during*, last sewn wars.
Mr. ESTCOURT presented Petitions friaa liAthoid, Chipping.
Norton, and ether placed In the County of Word, in favour of

Wk
Cara Leap.
Wr W. DU promoted similar Petition from ilk/,
East G kod ether putts:of the comity of Seism
Sir B. NiTCHBULL preiented Petitkosfa eu of the
Agrindterse Emmet from the Weald of Kent, Darttdtd, Dever,
Dawdstry, Saadharat, sad ether parts of Kan.—Ordered is b.
primed. •
(Morel SI DTHORPEpressated timely Peados. from the Apl.
adtarlets el the arighipser=edie Otp of !laces, sad frost
Alsworth In the Cowry et
Sir J. COTTBRELL pummil Saddam is favour of the Cora
Laws from the Avieskapilleggipt Ale City of Hereford, ad

Commy rallira4a. •
—Orderdt
Mr. N. CAL ERTimomilml Petitions from various Kati
Hertforddiire; in fat iteir Corn Laws. '
Mr. H. DAVIS prealloted i Petiden from the Millers reliant
he Bristol and its neVilimoliood, spinet the Importation of Pe.
• ""
Put Maur.
t J. HAY Petitions in favour of the Cora Laws.
Preen the County of Ibillsgra. and from Bast Lothian.
Mr. DU DICOMBIt a Petition from the Ship Dwain
of Ripley, in tie Bent of Yorkshire, praying for the repeal of
the reciptodtp at Mail Aet.—Ordered to be printed.

lama:saw LAWS.

In answer ,to a question from an Hon. Member on the Opposition
side of the Hoose.wbose name we could Dot learn,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he had no
opportunity of consulting his Right kloo. Friend the Chairman of
the Board of Trade, as to the point whether or not he would be
, trilling to grant a Select Committee on the Navigation Laws.—
Ifioth being the case, he could Offer no opinion with respect to the
mks of motion given by the Member for Liverpool (General
Gascoyne).
liar. HARE presented a Petition from the Parish of Dr h,
in the County of Kerry, praying for a removal of the laws affecting
Roman Catholics. There were, he said, in that Parish 5,000
Roman Catholics, and only 19 Protestants.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented Petitions from various parts of
the County of Berke in favour of the Corn Laws:
The Hon. Member also presented a Petition from the Farmers
frequenting the markets in the southern parts of the same county,
praying for an alteration in the law lately pawed with respect to
Weights and Measures.—Ordered to be printed.
Admiral SOTHERON presented Petitions from Grimsby,
Bedford, Bretton, and other places, in favour of the Corn Laws.—
Ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. KECK presented a Petition from the Innkeepers of
Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, stating that they
were allowed only one shilling a day for the horses of the military,
and praying for some additional allow-ince in consequence of the
high price of provender..—Ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. Wooamouse, a Return was ordered of
the amount of Poor Rates charged in England and Wales during
the last year.
Dir. WHITMORE presented Petitions from Etidgenorth and
Shripnell, in support of the Landed Interest.
Mr. SHAD WELL presented a similar Petition from the neigh.
bourhood of Ripon.—Ordered to be printed.
Lord DUNCANNON presented Petitions from the Roman
Catholic Inhabitants of the Parishes of Callan Durrougb, Tul-
lough, Preshield. slid other Parishes in the County of Kilkenoy,
praying fur a repeal of the laws affecting them.—The Noble Lord
. at the same time presented a Petition from the Owners of Mills at
Carrick-on-Suit, splint the importation of Foreign Flour.—Or-
f dered to be printed.

but emphatic and expressive tnsalOri in
the particular Act, 44 You clothe us, and we feed you.,
and this is a kind return for both." The admission of
foreign Sour 'meld tend, in a great measure, to deprive
rat pone of their food, because the coarser part of the
amide on which many of the poor were fed was not
imposed. Whatever might be thought with respect to
Corn, he could see no reason for the importation of fo-
reign flour. This was one of the doctrines of the new
school of economy. However, when one of the great doc-
tors of that school maintained, that nine tenths of the
landed proprietors might be absentees without injury to
their country, there was no absurdity which they might
not maintain.-11 they acted upon such doctrines,
they might rely upon it they would very soon bring the
country to ruin. There was a larger capital invested is
these mills than eves in the linen trade. When he stated
one circumstance, the House would see the benefit de•
rived from them. At the present moment third Stier
was selling in Ireland at a lower price than oaten meal.
Mr. L. FOSTER supported the prayer of the Petition
There was one circumstance connected with the capital
embarked in this branch of busioess‘ which would beat
with peculiar hardship upon the Petitioners if foreign
flour were allowed to be imported. The circumstance
to which be alluded was this: the farmers in Ireland,l
baring but little or no capital, were under the necessity
of bringing their corn to market early in the year. For
the purpose of storeiag it, the millers were obliged to
hand large granaries at a great expense. Now all the,
capital expended on these granaries must be completely
[lost if foreign flour were allowed to be imported. If
the exportation of flour from Ireland should be checked,
he did not know how the absentees could be paid
their rents.

The Petition was read and ordered to be printed.
ROMAX CATROLISS.
Lord CASTLEREAGH rose, he said, for the L
pose of presenting a Petition from the Roman Cathalicsj
in the tounty of Down, praying that the House would be
pleased to take into consideration the state of the laws
affecting them. He would not take up the time of the
House by offering any observations on the subject of the
Petition. He could not, however, omit this opportunity
of expressing his deep devotion to the cause—(hear.)
However inferior in the power of giving it efficient sup-
port by argument, in devotion be yielded to no one.—'
He did not speak merely in the spirit of an Irishman,
nor should hi be disposed to argue the subject on the
narrow ds of benefit to that country alone, bet
on the Ara:abroad basis of good government, and
Statesmanlike' views. As the'youngest Member in the
Hope, those of more expetnance would, perhaps, par-
don hien for saying, that the aids of good Government
could net possibly be obtained while his unfortunate
country was suffered to languish in a state of hopeless
degradation end abject misery—(Great cheering.)
The Petition was metered to be printed.
CURTEIS presented Various Petitions from the Collilty
Sinew, in favour of the Corn Laws.
Mr. PALMER presented a Petition front Waillogford and Its
Vicipity, praying that the Hones would talus into coosidention the
state of the Wool Trade. The same Hors. Member pemeoged a
redtkm from the Donbass parts of the Crassly of Berks. pray*
for an alteration In the late Acts respecting Weights and hlssames.
Mr. DAVIES GILBER'r brought in aBI to email the Act
',the Wth of his late Majesty with respect to Copyhoid Estates.—
The DUI was read a brat time, and ordered to he read a snood
tints en Mehday next.
IMMO .sac s.
M. SPENCE presented a Petition from James
Pleaspton, Agent to R. Farrand, Esq. at the late Elec-
tion for Hedon, in the county of York, stating that
die names of the sureties were not delivered in tiU the
Itls of December, the 19th falling on a Sunday, sod
the Petitioner thinking that in consequence that he
*bold not return the names on the said 10th of Decem-
W. The recognizance* were entered into on the 19th
December, but the legality of this proceeding was
disputed by H. Villiers, Esq. the sitting Member. The
Petitioner stated that he had the opinion of Counsel to
authorize him in applying to the House for permission,
to rithdraw his former Petition.
• The SPEAKER said, the only grounds upon which
such an application• could be complied with were the
death of the party, vacancy of the seat, or new matter
arising since the Petition had been presented, and that
new matter must be verified upon oath. All the Peti-
tioner alleged in support of his application was opinion,
and that opinion not his own.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, it was most unusual to pre-
sent a Petition of the kind, founded merely upon the
opinions of persons out of doors.
After a few words from Mr. Seance and Mr. Writs, the Peti-
tion was withdrawn.
Mr. TLERNEY promoted a Petition front the Merchants, Ma-
nufacturers, and ether Inhabitants of the Town et Emaresborough,
praying for a total revision of the Corn Laws.—Ordesed to be
printed.
WgirrigllN presented a Petition Awn the Zeman Divi-
sion of the coupty of Essex, praying that there may he ao alteration
in the Corn Laws.
Alms similar Petitions from Great Driflicld, and from the Eel-
bermes Agricultural Society, end from several places in Scotland.—
Ordcred to be printed.
Mr. WESTERN moved for an account skewing the amount of
all monies received as dudes upon Foreign Corn, Grain, and Flow,
taken out of bond for home consumption, Skate the year 1811, dis.
tinguishing the amount in sash year.—Ordered.
Sir E. HARVEY presented a Petition against any alteridoe of
the Corn Laws, from Saffron Waldom—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. PA LLMER presented a Petition from Chobitam, in
Surrey, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Also a Petition from the same place against the Catholic Claims.
—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a Petition from Halifax, in York.
shire, praying a repeal of the Corn Laws.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. GRATTAN presented a Petition Roan the Roman Ca-
tholic Inhabitants of a Parish in Ireland, praying relief front their
disabilities.—Ordered to be printed.
Colonel SIETHORPE presented Petitions from the Qty of
Lincoln, and another place in the same Comity, against any altera-
tion in the Corn Laws, and against the Importation of Porsigo
WooL—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLA NEY presented a Petition from the Town and Neigh-
bourhood of Shrewsbury against any alteration of the Corn Laws.—
Ordered to be printed.

PANIC POTS&

Mr. LIDDELL moved for au Account ot the Weather ot Bank
Notes stamped in Great Britain, in each quarter of each year, from
1819 to 1826 inclusive, distinguishing those of 51. and upwards,aad
those under that sum, stating the aggregate amount, together with
a similar Return for Ireland.—Ordered.

Mr. Alderman W A ITH MAVpv; notice that he should to.
morrow submit a motion to the House, relators to the Society of
the Refuge for the Destitute.
____

Secretary nick an observation across the table wbiak
IVElt111111{1113:C.

CoVILTS or SiWITT.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR withdrew his motion upaa the subjects
,of Equity Proceedings, tel./ming his hope that he should lose no

postraneaant, W %al k ammo" 1.1„„,
leer. }bemired eke HOLM diet softy • i;
,e 1 be left undone, to melee tbat tie tab& and 6;
et* Cowls, should byre redeems feed', ialliedeee
bell to tong writhed.
CH ANC IRV 11110tIL A !lOW 3 ILL.
ASTER of the ROLLS expressed his theists
Member for having given him the
would be as short as possible in explaiim'
Is upon which he should move for leaver.
Bill to alter and amend the practice
Chancery. In the last year, the
appointed to enquire into the practice in
made a &sport, in which they submitted
redshems *Adds if mod upon, they conceived
obviate the evils complained
&olio that it would be impossible _
puspositions in a Rill; and in consequence
which then pseseated themselves, ti
resertiag to himself the right
hag this motion winnower a proper time suggested
• did 'figs in mike is allow time for rousidet,
IMO* I and ha wad order plepared to state
wed liU would chalet many of the existing
At that early stage of tha Bill it was not r
Mar into a minute particular of its details.
aufficient to make it intelligible. Them was
faience between the Courts of Law and
pars brought into the one were of a differeet
to those brought into the other. A Court
a tribunal established for the dispatch
which any man who Mt hinnelf%ggrieved,
✓ises of debt, had a quick bad decisive
Dina of Equity loathed in its decisions
09Pes aad large men of property.
.the badman el law and equity
fed die toper, la merely watching ever one i
ease, often involved the interests of many
14 man more admiral than he the
which attended all busies done in a Court c
proof of which simplicity was apparent froi
return, in which one Judge. sitting at London
'piaster, bad disposed of 3,000 causes in
spaee of time. The quick dispatch of business
Law Courts was certainly a strong contrast
progress made in the Courts of Equity, b
should look to the machinery by which the
of the Court of Chancery were regulated.
missioaas were to enquire into the practice
Court, with a view of saving the time
suitors. They were sea of honour
and had devoted much time to inquiry,
had pursued without regard to personal
ence or labour, and their propositions
basis upon which be founded the Bill '
moving for leave to bring in. It was
or theoretical proposition which be had
It was a proposition, the result of two years' inqk
which the subject had been folly investigated.
Commission recommended that the decision
ter in Chancery should be final on cases ,
The voice of the profession was against
The decision of one Judge sitting in his Chamber,
Went to involve questions of large propetty, or
to be final, though he though& that appeals .
Master to the Chancellor, from the Chancellor
House of Lords, ihc. was extremely irksome -
cious. He would allow one appeal, and
might have hie choice of the Tribunal to
appeal, bat the decision of that Tribunal
there should be no other appeal. The next
sideration was that of causes for bearing,
was stated there was an universe of anew.
say that when a case was set down for'
be immediately decided. It required all ,
the Lord Chancellor to weigh the separate interests
the case before he pronounced a final j
was not true as stated that there was a ginwil
of causes; the armor bad decreased within
years. The illness of Sir:nooses limner,
Chancellor, had thrown many cases
CAUs delay arose out of the Master's
the attendance of suitors was optional.
parties concerned were generally to blame
in Courts of Law. They were compelled
a case when they once began it; whereas
they were at liberty to use their own .
way to compel activity would be, to empower
ter: to act decisively. The Lord Chancellor -
be accused of sopitseness; he bad given
sioners every assistance in his power, and .
wishing to retard their Report. He proposed
power to the Lord Chancellor, with the'"
Rolls and the Vice-Chancellor, of altering
log, from time to time, such orders as might
appear expedient. One great evil, which
prompt and effective alteration,was the Me-
commooly called copy money. He
rate of twelvepence a folio. This was
price in Common Law, and had given
that the Master swelled out his own paper I‘.
would recommend that this fee be abolished,
sonable compensation only given. He
part of the Report which recommended
two extra Registrars. He objected also
of Bankruptcy cases from the Great'
seat Bill, but pledged himself to bring
Creopportunity a separate measure
llion. Gent. concluded by moving
bring in a Bill to alter and amend the e-
aredings in the Court of Chancery.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR said, the Right
made oat a very plausible case, on
arm the House to throw everything ,
place in that House respecting the Court
and confine themselves to the Report of
sloe. The Lord Chancellor, after having tot
years refused to do anything, was now frightened
an appearance of doing something; but he (
would now say, that the present Bill -
to amend the practice of the Coot t of
he had •made a great many efforts to .ng
in the Court of Chancery under the consideration of a
Committee of the House, he at length succeeded in
1811. tan that Committee, however, Mr. Percival took
care to place a great Isaiahy of the Chancellor's friends.
They called a Master of Chancery before them, but
he refused to answer their questions as to the cause
of delay, saying it would be a libel on the Chan-
cellor. He then applied to the House for fuller powers,
but they were refused, and Lord Eldon himself told him,
that he caused it to be refused, because, if it was grant.
Os he would be no longer Chancellor. House
would see in this the cloven foot, whi,'
the Committee nugatory, and woe"
present Bill nugatory. When
Bid was introduced, he (Mr. Tay..
do. After some years, the Chancellor
of Lords, it had failed, and asked f,
House of Lords s• a Speaker was

in a
dl

alto trial Loominoter. -- •
Sir 1F• IND 11.8 Y presentad Potithrs from various partf of the
County of Uncap. in favour of the Corti
Mr. R. SMITH Presentedlimilu Patitrons. from Sandwich and
other pane of Lot.
Mr. MASS= DAWSON 'remnant& a retition from the fobs.
blunts of Cionairil,4ll. that if: lisfy re Cash imported into
Ireland might be t Ordered to'be Pl•Mted:
Co mm
Mr.
e bfOOofRE Pro Dublin. enied .igaieroto,ii. #l. the Chamber of
. ,
rce
Mr. H. GRATTAN supported the prayer of the Petition.—
Ordered to be printed.
Lord MILTON presented a Petition from Cornwaklen, in the
County of Lancaster. preithp fer an alteration of 66 Can Laws.

Ikkg.

was anxious, as • against the Gates' Laws formed the.,arst stage by*** Act of 17110 tits specially except hen% site operation Wyman* by Mr r
of the country ; taftniers arrived sweater crimes. l'oachers, in fast,, of it. In the year 1907, it saw act that harpsisicaa
... ld.do hes
Id bet.
duty of every conathittil a great atm/ Of &Pot, ff'otn which drafts, flour was frequentltinapoitas imam Irelvtil as 41tillso piton to these c.o.
,g with a view went continually made toil' up the higher department*. amir, in:eceniequence,ef whit* the Corn lutercoorpa fict "aka %bey hba to
much mischief of vice aad mit. $e had already moped for returns, was restticted to flour, the swarth of Great Miritain.-- CHI
writer on the chewing the increase of crime generally and relatively This jaw proved most saint's/ to its effects, Tor it wos The MASTS
Ce%goicionrarias,. to offences against the Game Laws, and he hoped that the means of commanding from Ireland a supply of to the Hen. Ms
ty. That asser- they would be produced before the second reading of the flour upon more advantageous terms than it could be dente, and woi
law of the land Rill. He lamented the practice of eking out the wages procured by this country from any other part of the
the grounds af
e game on his' of labour out of the Poor's Rites, as destroying those world. To use the words of Mr. Csrattan, in his short bring in a Rill
•.. .r... 1...........1,...... .ohteh were a but emphatic acrd expressive manor, in referetKg to Court of Chant

inilicsiccsthrtect.sideim
ielawLesswenin.:,tezhhtrheisaseetecacautse:,
aaatt .wia7tZ
PA& ea it,
INPlathe
eactice is the
e Commisties =lf
1 entais he a
:weived would
I of. k dale
tle to esbedt
Pence of she
s. heehaw's&
fight of repeal. WI.
Iggested Jut',
naidering she able
.e that his pm. via
ting abuses.— Lora
tt nece.sary to wool
ils. It would be serif
rasa wide iii• trail'
d Equity; the 'tee
eat descriptioe Lti
in of Law was
of justice, by 1S is
grieved, as it gni
re remedy ; i /I.lll_.__
Mt many per. 13111 1
It was unite ei*a
quity togekt. Mel
one individual C4lss
taany others._ ON
the Smokily XII
nit Oi Law; a lnat
tt from a mom lake
adoa and West. COO
face
business is the .
:net to the
r std
:pldat RW
arbhint.andedtsciveiceille:e7erynfteH7:ll:24;t:.
asci
that
iry, which they for
onal inconveni. tti t'
ions were the
II he was thee
ras no visionary
had to submit. tot
rears' inquiry,io is
restigated. The sail
ision of the Mat.
set of exception I the
dly against this.
Chamber, which .
petty, ought not
ppeais from the 1111
homelier to the .
:some and injudi• tba
nd the appeilast
CO which he would
unal once gins,
,ext point for ego- LA!
og, and here it
an. No one would •
bearing, it could
I the judgment of
arate interest. of aA
judgment, but it "
a growing artear "
:ithin the lest two wo
Homer, the Vice- as.
back. A great 'a
Ps Office, in which 10
1. The agents of Ti
blame for delays m
led to go through
vas in the former 1111
time. The only F
avower the Mas-
tenor ought not to
yen the Commit- a
and was far teem a
°posed to give the
the Master of tbe
tering CT ass& 1
is might to ibis
which called fat .1
e Master's charges,
was paid at the .1
as three times the 1
ea rise to a tart
aper for lucre. He
solished, and rea• .1
le objected to that I
led the addition of .!
to to the separation 1,
Seal, by the pre-
ig forward at the
re oo ttat subject.
sowing for leave to
the mode of pro'
ht Hon. Gent. had
which be called
g that had tabs •
nun of Chancery,
:t of the Commis-
awing for so many
ow frightened into
int he (Mr. Taylor)
I could do nothing
f Chancery. After
bring the delays
consideration of a
ugth succeeded in
Mr. Percival took
;bancillor's friends.
before them, but
Is as to the cause
bel on the Chan-
.r for fully, morel%

because, it it was graut-
ancellor. The House
K, which then rendeied
would sow render the '
the Vice Chancellor's f'
',tor) said it would not
icellur said, in the House k
ted for a Speaker in the
as given hisn ; but the
