iIMERICA.

. We have rece►ved Letters and papers from New
York, two days subsequent to the accounts by the
packet. The following is the most interesting ar-
ticle of their contents :
TO TOR MACAW Of TEL DrUOCRATIC ItifYBLICANS OF
TES FITT Of PHILADLLTRIA, LX OFORILALWAILO COMMITTER

ASIEMILCD.
The epocb, fellow citizens, into which our lot his fallen, has
Indeed been fruitful of events, which require vigilance, and em-
barrass deliberation. That during such a period of difficulty, and
amidst the perils surrounding us, the public measures which have
been pursued should meet your approbation, Is a source of great
satisfaction.
It was not expected, in this age, that nations, so' honourably
distinguished by their advances in science and civilisation, would
suddenly cast away the esteem they had merited trom the world,
and, revolting from the empire of morality, assume a character in
history, which all the tears of their posterity will never wadi from
its pages. But, during this delirium of the warring powers, the
ocean having become a field of lawless violence, a naspension of oar
navigation, for a time, Was equally necessary to avoid contest, or
enter it with advantage. This measure will'indeed produce some
temporary inconvenience ; but promises lasting good, by promo-
ting among ourselves the establishment of manufactures hitherto
sought abroad, at the risk of collisions no longer regulated bylaws
of reason of morality.
It is to be lamented that any of our citizens, not thinking with
the mass of the nation as to the principles of cur Government, or
of its administration, and seeing all Its proceedings with a preju-
diced eye, should se muconeelve and misrepresent our sltuaticn as
to encourage aggression from foreign nations. Our expectation
is, that their distempered views will be understood by others ns
they are by ourselves. But sheidd war be the consequence of
these delusions, and the errors of our dissatisfied citizens End
atonement only in the blood of their sounder brethren, we must
meet it as an evil necessarily flowing from that liberty of
and writing, which guards our other liberties ; and I have entire
confidence in the assurances that your ardour w!ll be animated, in
the conflicts brought on by considerations of the necessity, hol
nour, and justice of our cause.
I sincerely thank you, fellow citizens, for the concern you so
kindly express for my future happiness. It is a high and abundant
reward for endeavours to be useful; and I supplicate the care
Plovtaxsicz over the well-being of yourselves, and our beloved'
country. (Signed) T. JEUXISON.
May 23,1808.
The Legislature of Massachusett's, on the 2cl ult.
passed a Resolution disapproving of the measures of
the General Government, by a majority of 27-.. the
limbers being—Ayes 246—Noes 219.

SPAIN.

OVIEDO, JULY IS.
PROCLAMATION of Don IGNACIO FLOREZ, President
of the Supreme Junta, under this date• • -
N TO THE POLES, THE ITALIANS, AND THE Tani,

OUESE,WHO COMBAT IN THE FRENCH RANKS.

44 Brave Soldiers whom a cruel destiny has placed

in the midst of your enemies, that you may wage a
sanguinary war against Spaniards, =id assist the
French to impose upon us the yoke which oppresses
' you, we intreat you to pause. Assuredly, when you
see yourselves in the centre of Spain, in the midst of
so many powerful armies, and, that Europe, asleep
and enchained, is insensible to your misfortunes, you
will believe yourselves deprived of all consolation un-
der the complicated miseries that surround you.
46 But, dearest Brethren ! you have not yet studied
the theory of liberty, and the numerous iesources it
supplies when supported by religion and fidelity. 7-1
You do not know, doubtless, that as yet the human
species is not so utterly degraded to every feeling of
the dignity of our nature, that all the nations of the
earth are absorbed in selfishness and apathy. There I
yet exist on the face of the globe those who are suffi-
ciently generous to prefer death to slavery, who are
wise enough not to be deceived by perfidy, who are
valiant enough not to be subdued by the enemies of
humanity ; who can collect a force physical and
moral, invincible and irresistible, having their hands
armed by justice, and their breasts inflamed with the
electric fire of patriotism, to oppose to the organiza-
tion of a few plundering bands, supposed to concen-
trate in their own ranks ail military discipline.
Valiant Soldiers, do you not see with your own
eyes the fierce spirit of the Spanish people ? Do you
not see the veteran armies of France panting and
beaten on all sides, dissipated like dust in Bcetica,
Lusitania, and Ceitiberia ? Do you not see the miser-
able crowd of Frenchmen who sought refuge by en-
trenchmenrs in El Retiro, waiting with fear, and
trembling for the attack of our phalanx, to make an ig-
nominious capitulation, or to surrender at discretion?
Look then attentively, and you will we the problem
Solved, and that universal principle, irrefragable as
the elements of nature, secure to future ages its be-
neficent operations.
66 But if you are yet disposed to admire the pre-
sages of liberty and of honour, come hither, andion
will see what passes in the little mountainous pro-
vince of Asturias. You will see, that the detested.
Napoleon and his satellites are not formidable to the
Asturians. You will know, that when the confine-
ment of the ')oyal persons, and the iniquitous pro-
scription of the whole of their respectable-dynasty
were discovered, the people rose, as by one common-
consent, animated by oae common principle, gr,,tp
speak More properly, urged b. 11 • iirspiratioa of
lizAvex, presented hemulv:s m altitudes

• ••

. : •
tarn arms, without distinction "of age, rank, 9x., 04t
dition of life. Students, graduates, merchants, gen-
try, clergy, artisans, labourers; all cry out to be
armed and united -to the public force. To the Mud-
her of 24,000 men arms were given by the General,
into, reserving, for. a time of greater necessitarohe
s mecompliment to 60,000 more, animmed by the
11-e patriotism, whose names are enrolled ftit4e p4b.
lci boOks. ....-., ;. '
' k " Generous Friends 1...b0th the impulse isVeteitiart,
sind the records of histery, when properly:examined,
. s
shew that these A.sturiarts Arciamly unfold "these
:energetic sentiments of liberty ,1124::.11clular-
;4nstomed to behold Otir common kno4ter, for sOAC;
.dray empress ourselves;' bounded iin fie' by are
unmense *Alters .4
the oceani-lat bliAlit*tith by
die vast mountains which prOtect us, if 'seems as if
'tlestiny had prepared within the gaping fissures of our
socks,, a residence for, liberty secure from the attacks
of ambition and Crinie.. The ideas which the cOnti-
ual view of•thOse magnificent objects necessarily im- ‘I
Part;. must Strongly impress the Asturians from the
earliest childhood; and must fortify that natural in-
I stinot which all men feel in favour of liberty. The
' annals of our ancestors, are not concealed even front'
children and women.; but they are informed of the
restoration of the monarchy, and of the glorious re-
sistance to the Arabian invaders in the Bth century
by Asturian valour. Such narratives add to the
powerful effect of the peculiar situation of our coun-
try, and the singularities of our climate, that indeli-
ble character which must ever exhibit itself when un-
just aggression is to be resisted, and disgraceful chains
are presented to us. Yes, it is manifest, that we
nourish atnong us the generous seed of the early re-
. store's of the. monarchy, which is daily-unfolding its
I
treasures to support us under atrocities and horrors
before unattcmpted. Oh, shades of 'Pelayo and
Fruela I which inhabit those regions of light and
glory where the ETERNAL resides, doubtless Ton will
implore the protection of the SUFI: EME' BEING for
1 those who are inspired by the same hopes, and mi-
-1 counter the same dangers !
I " Come then to us, illustrious Poles, Italians, and
Portuguese, who fight with those who oppress you.—.
You, countrymen of Cato, of Brutus, of•Sobieslri,
and of Gama, are required to support. in the faced,
the univefse, those who have forced you: from the;
1 bosoms of your mothers, from your wives, and from
your children, and have driven you, like beasts, to
the army of Murat and of Grouchy, tostiestreiy, con-
trary to your wishes, the innocent Spaniards, who'
love you, and who invite you to defend, in their so-,
ciety, the indefeasible rights of reason and justice,;
and who are anxious to assist you in avenging youe4
I own oppressions. No, assuredly, you are nth inclined \
to destroy us., Throw yOurselves, then; into the
aims of the Asturians, who will receive you with the'
! affection of brothers. Let us unite our forces, and
' do not let us lose a moment in exterminating these
i cruel desolaters who have bathed Spainin blood, in
violation of all the sacred laws of humanity, •
" Your experience, sufficiently unfortunate for
yourselves, will prevent you .again being deceived by
I their intrigues and falsehood. .. Rely -then upon `our
1 inuplicity and truth ; hasten to our standardi, where,
I yon shall be respected and beloved. - Here Yirta will
; -find an army really patriotic, where avarite and am-
-1 bition have no place, the pay being only given-to sup-
port life, and the authority being only conferred to
preserve subordination. The prospect of our native
mountainswill presen4o you the sweet illusion of your
own Appenines, and the view of our cataracts,• the
I charming recollection of those of the Vistula and the
Eredanus. And you, illustrious peasantry of Portu-
gal, how can you contemplate our cause as distinct
from your own, united, as we are, by the same reli-
gion, the same climate, and almost the same lan-
guage ? Our rivers running over the golden sands
of our mountains, form those opulent ports of your
kingdom, supplied with the wealth of Castro, of Al-
buquerque, and of India. Have you not been the
terror and admiration of the universe ? and now, that.
a handful of cannibals are endeavouring
;to oppress
all mankind, and that you have been among the first
victims of intrigue and tyranny, will you submit to
this degradation? No—join the hosts of your com-
patriots, who invite you to hurl off the:infamous yoke,
and to defend, until death, the sacred rights of mazy.
" Brave Soldiers ! When the hati:ful 'troops of
France are destroyed, do you suspeet`thit no worthy
object of your valour and resentment wilfremain, and
that there will be no victims to immolate hr the field
of battle ? You do not know the true-tharacter of
Spaniards, and the high spirit which actuates. thent.
When our avenging arms shall have exterminated the
miserable remains of the French troops, and the glo.
rious patriots, Cuesta, Acevedo, Palafox, Caro, and
. others,. have no longer employment for their valour,
Within the boundary of our peninsula, thiuhyou that
the business of war and the rage of battle are termi- ,
nated ? No, we have to present before the world a.'
`dignified example of the miraculous effects of the re:
action of *a just and poiftrfulinople for the destrim:
don of sl'a'ves and cowards. The ,conieultOrs of Bt.:-
Quindn, iviU. they,kit descend front ,sletillyrenroani
mountains to the 'shores 'Of the gironne and the.
Adour, to demand justice. for the French people
against the execrable tyrant who doMineeri over them?'
Will it not he beneficial that the report of the kt-
chievernenis of our courageous battalions should be
heard somewhat more distinctly by the . Members of
the National Institute ? Andhew can we believe that
those true friend! ofphilosophy do not detest iii the
bottom 9f their hearts the malice and perfidy of their
Emperor.? How can, it be truppesed, that the en-
lightened principlet of these learned men do not pro-
scribe this monster, and that they will-not invite the
people to resist his oppression, when Spaniards, in the
heart of their country, are ready to assist them in their
virtuous purposes ?
" This, then, beloved comrades, is the only project
worthy of our valour and of the national enthusiasm.
" Let us, sword in !land, penetrate to the centre of
degraded France. Let us invite her'honourable in-
habitants to combine with us for the destruction of
the monster who insults and defiles them, and maybe
be offered up a victim by the people for the sake of
universal justice, and to expiate the crimes which he
has committed against a getierous nation.-- Yes, vao,
Iliant soldiers, do not believe that all Frenchmen axe
accomplices in the iniquities we deplore- Even among
those whiCh compose the armies of the tyrant. we
Arnow that there are some happy individual., who, in
'the midst of vice and corruption, have nourished' the
' Seeds of justice. We know that Moacey, the illus-

`• - ~ • •." • t:.
—so rseiloral, who Venoms se ixosqlsosi A atm-
nutsd, mid a name so silalted, detect the c ueti•
'of
hit constanions, and execrates that cold spriit of itis=
elty, which has covered with blood the capital of :66r4
lt
mouarchy. We offer up, to him the tribute of issitla.,,
and honour, and we invite this generous soldier t
assist our forces by the addition of his talents
courage. If the respect which he pays to the Mandates
of nature do not permit him to take up arms. against
bis unworthy partizans, yet he shaß be:considered
as a just and honourable man, and _shall enjoy.oax '
Jove and regard whenever the accidents Of lie sliZl
place him.
44 In fine, brave Poles, Portuguese, anti' ItilianA
we invite you to a fraternal union with saur.com,'
patriots. The cause is sacred ; the stake isvealuable ,•
the chances of victory are with us ; the acquisitio; of
glory is certain. (Signed) “'lmiacto nostrz,
44 President of the Supreme Junta. .
" Oiled.. July 12.' - . a.
OVIEDO, JULY IS. ' - - • •
Letters from Benevento, dated the 9th, contain the
following particulars :—Tke regiments composing
the vaiNptard of the army of :Gallicia have begun to
enter this place, The rapidity with which all the.di.
visiens of this powerful army march against the enemy,
jointly with the troops of Castile, Leon, and Astu-
rias, and several squadrons of cavalry, which were ia'
' our quarters general, assure us of the totalroute which I
the French troops will suffer who shall dare to remain
in the defenceless towns of Old Castile, which they.
are so basely plundering. We are officially informed
that a reconnoitring party, consisting of one Lieutee
nant,. one serjeant, and eight soldiers of the horse.:
guards of the Queen, who were at Rioseco, having
come up with an advanced guard of the enemy, con-
sisting of seven men and an officer,: attacked theta)
killed four, and took two of them prisoners.. Oar
soldiers, after' in easy triumph, lamented the escape
of the officer, another invincible, who thinking it safer,
to run than to fight, concealed himself in. the thick
bushes of Mount Matallana. ..
Our Captain General marches this morning for
Vilalpando. In a few, days we may expect an action
near Valencia, towards which our army is on its.
march, provided that the enemy, computed at 6000
men, does not evacuate that city, and retire to Burgos.
The rapid march of our troops, anxious to meet the
enemy, the skill and knowledge of our worthy Gene-
ral, and the harmony and noble sentiments which
animate our chiefs and soldiers, make us hope that
theY will either anticipate 'the flight of the enemy, or
beat them in their retreat.
' Yesterday arrived here Sir T. Dame, the Commis-
sioner from England, and Don Ramon de Lazo Ponte,
from Oviedo. It is said that Sir T. Dent will accom-
pany our army, in order to have the satisfaction of
seeing put to the route that common enemy, who have
so unjustly applied that aFrpellation to the generous
nation, which has known how to arrest and frustrate
the ambitious plans of the man who seeks to enslave
the Continent. . • - -
Yesterday the division of Llanes, commanded by
Don Nicolas de Llano Ponte, were to make an attack
on the French who were. at 6t. Ander°. Our troops
are aided in this enterprize by six English frigates,
which, at the same time, attack the enemy from the
sea. What felicity and glory for the Asturians to be
the first to drive the enemy from this part of the.
North of Spain 1.-.-The Valencians and Catahmiam
are preparing to lay siege to Barcelona. The French
who are_sinitt up in that place, are in want of provi
sicna and anutiunition.

•e,

-----
SANTIAGO, JULi 5.

• ,
Thefollowing h the state of die army of Pallicia,l
commanded by his Excellency thin Joaquin Brake,
iiistributed into six divisions, not including the regi. '
meats of Militar Literario, nor that of the Volunteers
of Victoria, nor the artillerymen of r„oritnna (590),
nor the miners of Ferrolf 320),- which last are under
the command of Don Fernanai Toliar, Lieutenant in

Navy. .'; - =
- - •
The first divines, eornmandedbY Don Civenynd
Vude (since dead,) contains the followisgbattalions•r
Gromaillers of Galicia 2 Provincials of Toy - 1
Hibernia • . 2 Betanzas - . ' 1
Buenos Ayres • " 1 Salamanca - .: 11
The second division, under the commancrarDils
1 Felife Jado Cagigal, Chief of Squadron,•contaiso the
following battalions : . . .
',Regiment of the Prince . 3 Leon - . s
Regiment of the King 2 Protruicials of Loan ' ; r
Majorca - - 2 - •
The Sd divison, under the command of Don Ra-
fael Martinengo, contains the following battalions :
Navarre - . 3 • Provincials of Morkoneda 1
SevWe - - . • 3 Ditto of Segovia - 1

Catalonia - 2
The 4th division, undet: the command of Don Fran,
cisco Riquelmi, Brigadier of Marine, contains the
following battalions':
Marines - . 4 Provincials of Monterey 1
Volunteers of the Crown 3 Ditto of CompoiteLa 1
Ditterof Navarre ‘•
The sth division, tozzmanded by Don Bexiado,
"Biagadiet of Militia' contains the following detached
companies of greriasliers :
Seville - - 2 Volunteers of the Crowe ' 2
2 Naples • - 2
- 2
