HOUSE OF LORDS. Dec. M.

The Duke of NORTHUIIIDER LAND appeared in the 11,.n;.• the
first time since his return from Ireland, and presented a petition si;auttst
the duty on Seaborne coal.
The Duke of WELLINGTON preheated a petition from the •+l;if.
fordshire Potteries against the renewal of the Ea:4 Iralit C..mpany's
Charter.

Lord DARNLEY presented var'otpt petitions against the duty on
seaborne coals.

On the motion of Lord ELLENItOROUOIL ail papers prementAl
to the house last Session on Finance were orderLd to be minted.
Sir A. Gam/7., and othen, from tut. ConintuaN, brottj,ht up the
Administration of Justice Bill, with the agreement of the Co nuums
to the Lords' amendment thereto.

Earl SHAFTESBURY gave no; ire, that io consequence of the No1:1:
Lord's (Teynham) indisposition, who had moved fur cer sin parts re-
lative to the Swan River Settlement, that motien w. , ler the present
postponed.

IMPEAL OF TIIE UNIOW.
Lord KING, in presenting some ',onions for a repeal of the Union„
said he was satisfied that much mischief would undoubtedly arise it' such
a step was carried into effect; it would make those poor who were now
rich, without making rich those who :were now poor. Chic of
the meantres that would be adopted after a reral of the
Union, would be to exclude Iti.h agricultural produce front the!
English market, and, in short, it woii id Lad :o a total separntion of the
two countries. The noble lord conduited by saying, as he did a:ot con.
cur in the prayer of the petitions, he wii t 1 they had been connnltted
to the care of some other noble lord.

- ---
The petitions which were presented from the paper stainers and CAT pet
wearers of Dublin were then laid on the table.

Earl DARNLEY concurred in the remarks made by his ncbis
friend, and contended that a repeal of the Union would be injuliol:s to
both countries.

TITHE COMMUTATION (ICELAND) DILL .
Lotd FARNHA M, desirous of wet:ailing how the Tithe Compo-
sition Act in Irelat,d had extended, moved foe a return of the parishes
in Inland, in which tithe commutations had berm made pursit.ott to
Act of Parliament, with the amount of such compositions, and distin-
guishing those made with lay impropriators.
Lord KING bald he had no doubt tithe compositions had done much
good in Ireland, because the Act I.ad got rid of the tithe proctors. The
noble lord read front a paper pub! abet! by the Wicklow Church Union,
the following curious bill, sent in by a tithe proctor :
Vardy Cooney to Archdeacon Magee. _ _

_ ..
£ s. d.
To tithe of 47 tons of Hay, at 305.. 7 0 0
Do. 197 Barrels Barley
Do. b 7 Whcat
Do. 93 Oats

.C 49 0 0
From the above specimen their Lordships night judge how the tithe
system worked More composition was sanctioned by law.—The returns
were then ordered.

SLAVIRY.

The Marquis of LANSDClWNEivesented a petition from the
merchants, manufacturers, traders., and others at Glasgow, praying that
measures may be adopted for giving the owners of property in the colo-
nies compensation for loss, before the Legislature decided upon the abo-
lition of 'lovely. The noble marquis advocated the petition. The
respectable persons by whom it was signed could not be called the sup-
porters of slavery—on the contrary, they were desirous of the aboli-
don, but they expected from Parliament some measure which would
stand upon the foundation of justice as applied to the claims et ti e
owners of West India property. The noble roarquis, in that vi-w of
the petition felt no hesitation in presenting it.
The Marquis of BUTE presented a petition fom Leah ngai:is! the
duty on coals.
