LINCOLNSHIRE.

The election for representatives for this County came
on on Monday at Lincoln. The hustings were erected
in the front of the splendid new Gothic edifice in which
the A.sizes are helJ : the Sheriff was in the centre, in a
small space railed off.
Sir Jogn Tatman came forward, and addressed the assembly
as 'follows : I come forward to propose your late representative
Charles Chaplin, Esq. of Blankney, as a proper man to fill again
that high office into which your partiality has on former occasions
placed him.

Colonel Serves seconded the nomination.
AYSSOONI Boucuaserre, Esq.—l propose as a representative for
this county, Sir William Ingilby, Elam of Kettlethurpe Hall, and I
feel pleasure in saying that his attention to his Parliamentary duties
during the lan Parliament entitles him to the praise of having dis-
charged his duties In that station so honourably and indUstriously,
that he is well qualified to be placed again in that honourable station
to which he aspires.
T. G. Coaxer; Esq. seconded the nomination.
She Sheriff declared Mr. Chaplin and Sir. William Ingilby
duly elected.
Mr. CHAPLIN in returning thanks said, " After the
specimens in history of a Catholic King and a Catholic
Parliament, I, for one, am afraid to trust them with the
ascendancy, and I will certainly oppose any attempt to
subvert the present alliance Of the Church and State,
which I will uphold as long as I have the power, and
whilst I have- a vote I will hold up my hand against
the innovation.

Sir Wu. INGILBY returned thanks ; and in the course
of his speech he said, if I still am the same man in
1826 as I was in 1823. 1 still am Sir William Ingilby,
of Kettlethorpe, in the county of Lincoln—free and in.
deppndent ; though in a printed paper, which has been
circulated, it is said, in 1823 I insulted the Freeholders
'by appearing as the nominee of Lcrd Yarborough. I
'am not dependent on Lord Yarborough, nor any Peer,
nor any man. lam dependent on the Freeholders,
whether in the drawing rooms of a palace or in the pot-
house playing at all fours. I will now shut my
mouth on this subject, trusting that I have satisfied you
that I am neither the tool nor slave of any man, to be
!crammed down your throat like hasty.puJcling."
'Mar the election the Members were chaired.
S OMERSETS 11 IR E, MONDAY, Juni 19. -

This day the. town of Ilchester was in such a bustle
'Af it, perhaps, has not witnessed for many years.' The
:bads were Crowded with labouring Men who disdained
to woik, and who hoisted the flag of Hunt (green and
white), and roared aloud, as strange's entered the town,
" Hunt for ever " Hunt's the chap for us !" Binds
of music paraded the principal streets, and the whole
domestic business of the population was suspended
during
.the day. The Court-house, or the house in
wh ch the Candidates were directed to appear for no-
mination, whatever be its name, was at an early hour
crowded with persons who seemed to be favourable to
Mr. Dickinson and Sir Thomas Lethbridge. Some of
Mr. Hunt's friends obtained admission, but it was evi-
dent that the other Candidates had more numerous ad-
•herents within the doors.

The ceremony of putting the Candidates in nomination was also
adopted upon this occasion, that at Bridgewater having taken place
fur the purpose of giving notice t. the Sheriff.
. Mr. Pisztaps proposed Mr. Dickinson, and spoke of
;he expetiefice they had of that Gentleman in Parlia-
ment. He then adverted to the qualifications of Mr.
Hunt, That Gentleman, he said, rested his claims to
the honour upon two grounds—the exposure which he
, conceived he had made with respect to the county rates,
and the reilrm which he flattered himself he had ac-
complished by reducing those rates, but those claims
were totally destitute of foundation. That being the
case, what reason was there for disturbing the repre-
sentation with which the county had been so well satis-,
fled—(Applause, and hisses,.and groans)?
Sir ALareanza Hoot) seconded the nomination. lie contended
that the Magistrates had been grossly calumniated; but he declared
that the calumny bad been most completely refuted.
Mr. DICKINSON returned thanks for die reception
With which his name had been met here as well as at
Bridgewater. With respect to Mr. Hui*, he was pre•
pared to prove, from statements published to all the
world, that that individual was unworthy of respect or
confidence. That Gentleman bad been horsewhipped
at Covent-garden hustings by a Mr. Dowling, without
resenting the indignity; challenged by a Mr. Morley,
without accepting the challenge ; and compelled, upon
many occasions, to show the white feather. He begged
to know whether the county was to be dictated to by
such a man? (partial cheering, and considerable disap-
probation)—a man who had at all times, and upon all
occasions, proved himself destitute of honourable fed-
ing. (Great :kaiak). .
Mr. Smuts. proposed Sir Thomas Lethbridge, and
Mr. L. Hansom seconded the nomination, which was received
with the greatest uproar. He complained of the calumny on the
magistrates, the treasurer, ace. ice. of the coonty,.and of the perd-
' !tacky of Mr. Hunt in adhering to the charges against these
respectable persons.
Mr. OLIVIR HAYWARD was proud to have to propose a man so
qualified as Mr. Hunt to represent them ; a man who had rendered
great services to the county while he was confined in Ilcbester gaol,
and still fur her services since that time, by bringing to light gross
misstatements in the accounts of the county rates—(Great uproar).—
Mr. Hayward concluded by erpressing his confidence of success.
Mr. THOMAS PURIM, a farmer, seconded the nomination.
Mr. HUNT rose amidst cheers and hisses, and stood
for some time before the uproar subsided. He began
by stating, that if it had not been for the vulgar and
coarse abuse which he bad received at the hands of his
opponents, he should have contented himself with a very
Shot t address to the electors. He had been accused of
submitting to be horsewhipped by Mr. Dowling, and of
several other things. Now what did. Mr. Dickinson
mean by stating these matters ? Did he mean to say
that any onel:sr-those paragraphs contained facts ? (No
answer.) They were nothing more nor le 's th in the
editorial fibs of the day—(Laughter.) With reg .rd to
.Mr. Dowling, it was true that he (Mr. Hunt) had

been struck by him at Covent-garden hustings ,
it was as true that he was surrounded and prerer.:,,,i
by constables from retaliating on the spot. He hoe.
ever had an opportunity afterwards, and he availed
himself of it, and was indicted for the notice he took of
the violence at the Middlesex Sessions, and fined st.f,,
the retort manual.--(Laughter). As for Mr. Motb!r,
it was true that that person had challenged h;m (Mr,
Hunt) in his own house, ,half an hour before he (tqr.
Hunt) was to attend a Spafields meeting ; and rn
doubt was entertained that it was a " plant," the invi.
Cation was declined, particularly as Mr. Morley he!,
pened to be one of those little gentlemen who might 6;
easily thrust up the chimney.—(Laughter, and clicv,
and hisses.) Now Mr. Dickinson and Sir T. Letlibri
and Mr. Stuckey, who had Alluded to the white feathe,,
well knew the fact that le (Mr. Hunt) was bound r?r
in heavy penalties, to the amount of 2:0001. is
the peace for five years, after he quitted Itch,f-t.•
gaol. They knew this well; for they were Magistra'ts
in the county when hi was sn bound over. Hrd it Ler
been for this. knowledge, they would not have dared
to utter the insolent and vulgar abuse which they
had directed again;t him on the prevnt occasion.._
Mr. Hunt then alluded to the county rates, and
concluded by declaring that he had made his st4tentefit
so clear, that the merest school-boy could not miser.-
derstand it, and none but those whose interest and cr. .
tical cit nation induced them to endeavour to drown his
voice by clamour could for one moment hold up their
hands, and attempt to deny the truth of it.

Sir T. Lernastosi asserted that the charges against the Trea.
surer and the Magistrates were most gros.ly fattse.
Mr. Manua, the Treasurer, in reply to Mr. Hunt, handed in
a statement, in which be proved that the accounts were perfects
correct.—The polling commenced at nearly four o'clock, when the
numbers appeared as follow:
Mr.. Dickinson . 419
Sir T. Lethbridge . . :92
. Mr. Hunt • . 64
Mn Huss addressed the crowd at the conclusion of the poll, and
stated that his friends would Crowd to the poll next day.
LICHFIELD, Joss 20.
The election for this place closed at one o'clock this day, after as
almost unparalleled struggle of eight days'.
Anson . . . 474
Vernon . . . 410
Gresley . 356
The chief part of Anson and Vernon's voters are supposed to be
annuitants of 40s. each, arising from land they aever saw. In the
summer of 1825, the Law-aget t of Lord Anson exhibited A pill ‘,f
these freehold qualifications, ready for his Lordship's siguan;re.
which may, perhaps, be deemed legal, but that remains to be tiki
by an appeal to a Committee of the House of Cutunions.
COVEN TRY—SUNDAY.

Perhaps In the whole annals of electioneering there never was
such an extraordinary contest as the one just now concluded at
Coventry. Wednesday last one poll-booth roof was strewed over
with fragments of hats, coats, and waistcoats, ripped from the baths
of the free and independent electors, who had given, or who wished
to give, their votes to Messrs. Moore and Ellice. In the
pockets of one of the waistcoats an expensive silver snuff-box, and
about twenty sinning, in silver, were found, but the owner could,.
where be found.

TAUNTON.—Mompay.

The bribery oath is administered to every voter.
A voter has just now been rejected, who swears that he received
Ss. on General Peachey's canvass, to pass an examination at church,
in order to be qualified to vote for General Peachey. The asses.
mr asked if he had not taken the bribery oath, and it being found
that he bad, his vote was rejected.
Another voter, on being offered the book, said, " What for?'
he was told, to take the bribery o4th; and answered, " I cannot
take that •oath, far I have been bribed by General Peachey."

BERKSHIRE.
Monday the election of the two county members took
place in the Town-hall, Abingdon, when Mr. Charlet
Duodas and Mr. Robert Palmer were re-elected wichour
opposition. The former was proposed by Mr. Wrough•
ton, and seconded by General Popham ; the latter by
Mr. Duffield and Mr. Sawyer. The result of the elec.
tion having been declared by the High Sheriff,
Mr. DUNDAS addressed the electors, and thanked
them for once more placing him in that sittiationwhich
it had been his lot to fill for the long period of 82 years.
This decision was more honourable to him, and indeed
more creditable also to themselves, from the fact that
he had not canvassed a single elector of the'county.
Mr. PALMER, in returning thanks, said one vote
which he had given had been much misrepresented. It
was his ♦ote for bringing up the Report respecting the
Grant of 50001. a year to Mr. Huskisson. Of that dis-
tinguished person all he knew was, that he possessed
great abilities, which he had long devoted to the public
service. Such a man deserved proper remuneration,
and upon that princicle he (Mr. Palmer) had given the
vote in question. On the Catholic Question, he urns
not desirous of saying much ; but the vote he had given
was called for by the principles which he professed, and
the anxiety he felt for the maintenance of the great
establishments of this country, which might be compro•
mised were Catholics admitted to political power.
Mr. Goo:nuts expressed the satisfaction he felt at Mr. Palmer's
explanation of his vote respecting Mr. Huskisson's salary.
Mr. EYsTON (a Catholic Gentleman of the County),
thanked the Hon. Member for the delicacy which he
had observed when touching' upon a question in which
he (Mr. Eyston) must be known to feel a very strong
interest. He could assure that Hon. Gentleman in re-
turn, that whatever prejudice might be supposed ia
particular quarters to attach to a Catholic for adhering
,to the religion of his ancestors, he (Mr. Eyston) 1,3,1
never for a moment entertained one illberal or hosti:e
feeling against a single individual on account of h s
religious opinions. These were not, he thought, fir
matter of cognizance before any human tribunal, and
ought to be left between man and his Creator.
Mr. Jos Lowsm was anxious to know the opinions of their
worthy members respecting the odious question of the slave-trade.
Mr. Maims was anxious to see slavery abolished, leaving it :0
the Government to take. the necessary measures for accomplishing
so desirable a purpose, without precipitation or violence.
Mr. ROBIRT PALM& coincided in the sentiments of his colleigne
upon this question.
Thanks were then voted to the High Sheriff, and the two min•
berg were chaired with the usual honours, in return for which Out
flung a few pounds' worth of shillings among the noisy parti,3ct
who filled the market-place.
BERWICK, Jinn 16.

This morning the polling recommenced at the usual hour, lea
o'clock, and proceeded slowly during the day; and, at the closs,thl
numbers were, Captain Beresford, 505—Mr. Gladstone, 461-51
F. Blake, 451. Of all the contests that ever took place for the Iv
presentation of this &rough the present is the keenest, and tritium'.
a parallel in duration. Expresses have been this day dispatched
London, Wales, the north of Scotland, &c. &c. fur voter,
cannot possibly be here before Tuesday or Wednesday Ilex=, 3"
consequently the poll must, according to the existing regulations, Lt
kept open until they arrive. The number of females that ta,r
already voted is about 830, nearly 100 more than ever voted on 01
former occasion.

HUSH ELECTIONS.
FROM THE DUBLIN EVENING POST.
Canaicarancos—The contest commenced on Tuesday. My.
Richard Dobbs proposed Sir Arthur Chichester. Mr. Holmes Pt
Lord George Hill, brother of the Marquis at Dimwitlre, in noon.
nation. The Meeting then adjourned till two o'clock, when tic
Sheriff proceeded to poll as follows: For Lord George Hill, 5; Sc
A. Chichester, Bart. 5.

MALLOW.
Thursday morning, at eleven o'clock, the election co:met:rte.
J. D. CROIEaRt Esq. proposed C. D. 0. Jepkron, as a fit e:=
draper person to represent them in Parliament.
N. SLYWARD, Esq. seconded the nonainatien.
