'\ '

.. - ~~

/MP

•‘.. ,-, ,

T -
- -9** ~ 0141411, COAhT.
Ititte HE 'Agin:Ailment iublished in some of the
• Blomtnij'aperivf this day, stating that an alteration has
d! 4tie nosiest prawn, is a fabrication, and has
been rted without our sanction or knowledge.
We think it right, also, to declare, that we have no authority
to deviate, in any way, front the conditions of the Contftet.
HULIATT, BROTHERS, and Co.
London, Est August, ma.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1822.
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Up to this hour very little business has been done in the
Market, and Consols remain steady at 80* j, with a flat Market.
STOCK EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.
The Commissioners have given 803 for Consols. The Market
appears heavy, and little doing.•
Fessiox Foxos.—Within this hour a Broker has bought
1000 Old Spanish Bonds, in consequence of an expreu from
Paris bringing the Spanish Stock higher. The above purchase,
with others, has caused all Spanish securities to rises---Chilian
83i to 84; New Spanish 641 i ; Old 64 1; New Prussian
; Old 89 ; Russian 04 (in demand); Danish 871 ; Neapo-
litan 741; Colombian 86 ; Scrip 861. .
REPUBLIC OF COLOMBIA.
The holders of all Debentures issued by me, as Vice-President
and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Colombia, may
receive payment of the same, with the, interest which may then
be due thereon, on Tuxmar, the let day of October next, and
on every subsequent Tuesday and Friday, between the hours of
Eleven and Three o'Clock, at the Mice of Messrs. C. Hammier,
W. Gaanau, and J. 1). Portia, No. 3, Freeman's-court, Corn-
W. The interest on the said Debentures will cease from and
after the said Ist day of October.
Leaden, August 17, 1832. F. A..ZEA,
Dllnistg Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Colombia.
FRItES OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per Cent. Reduced 811/4
2 per Ct. dons. 80y, 3/8 —1, per Cts. 92% 5,4
4 per Cents. 9914 3/4-4 per Ct. New 991/2 3/4
Imperial 3 per Cents. 801/4
India Bonds 665. 6Ss.—South Sea Stock 91
Exchequer Bills of £1 ,000, 6s. 7s. •
Ditto Small Bs. 9s..—Consols for Acct. 803/4 1/4 3/8.

The Sovereigns of Europe, either in person or by
their representatives, are again on the point of assem-
bling to settle the destinies of nations, so far as their
dicta can settle them! The Emperor ALEXANDER
was expected to leave petersburgh on the 16th inst.
in order to be at Vienna on the 6th or 7th of Sep-
tember ; and here it is said the Ministers of the other
Powers will assemble, and the preliminary consulta-
tions be commenced. What are the ostensible objects
of this Congress seems doubtful ; but there is no
question as to the real motives which call the Holy
Alliance Junto together; it is that of endeavouring to
adopt some measures to repress those liberal opinions
respecting government which their coercion has not
been able to prevent from spreading. It is true they
triumphed over Naples and Piedmont ; but they see
the noble struggle for independence which is going
on in Spain—the gradual march of reform in Portu-
gal—and the dissatisfaction manifested against the
BQURBONS in France.

Nor at home do they repose on beds of roses. The
Emperor of Am-1-mA knows that public opinion is
against his despotic Government; and the King of
PRUSSIA justly dreads the consequence of his not
keeping faith with his subjects, to whom he seven
years ago promi.ed a Constitution and a Representa-
tive Government. The Emperor of RUSSIA dreams
of nothing but Carbonari, Liberees, and Descanti-
saes ; and dreads that their influence may even set
his Cossacks on thinking that there is something bet-
ter in the world than civil or military slavery.
On Thursday last we published an article from
the Petersburgh Journals, which evidently shews the
fears and the feelings of the Autocrat of all the Rus•
sins. It states that "everything proves the existence
of a secret organization, which embraces in its fatal
ramifications al) Europe ;" that " the Society of the
Corbonavi deliberates, and proscribes, and. finds hands
to execute its sanguinary decrees;" and, lastly, that
"between us (that is, the Powers of Europe) and
barbarism there is nothing but the Holy Alliance."
We confess we felt somewhat suprited at such clecla-
tions, knowing the degraded state of vassalage in
which the Russians are kept, when, next day, we
learnt from another authority, that the Russian army
on the Turkish frontiers, throughout all its can•
tonments, swarmed with Carbonari, Atheists, and
Democrats I

How strongly such avowals betray the fears and
the conscious weakness of Russia, is evident: indeed
we suspect those fears have had some share in hum-
bling her demeanour towards the Turks; though her
cause has continued to be fought by the Greeks.—
Nothing would be so gratifying to her as to see the
Greeks and Turks exterminate each other, and if, to
borrow an expression from JUNIUS, " she lingers be-
hind till the danger is past, it is to steal forth in
darkness and obscurity, and return with the mare.
sisted spoils of the field."
The affairs of Greece will be one of the most diffi-
cult points that Congress will have to deliberate
upon. The differences between Turkey and Russia
might perhaps be adjusted by a sort of compromise,
had not the successes of the Greeks given them an
importance which is not to be frittered away by ne-
gociation, nor to be wrested from them by a treaty.
We well know that Russia aims at European Turkey,
and will leave no stone unturned to obtain her object:
the independence of Greece would, however, be fatal
to that project; and we believe that the success of the
Greeks has given some uneasiness to the Emperor
ALUANDIoas vibe anticipated di* merely changing

a Tutkish for a Russian yoke, and never contem-
plated this brave but degraded people aspiring to
freedom and independence.
Of the feelings of the Russian Monarch towards
Spain, we are not uninformed ; and, if they dared to
do it, we should not be surprised at this'magnani-
mons Czar, with his brother of Austria, proposing
to march their hireling troops to re-establish FERDI•
NAND as absolute KING. Such a project would be
grateful enough to the Bowman. in France, who
need foreign bayonets to bolster them up ; but the
French Government holds its power by too slender a
tenure to join in such an experiment. The attempt
to send a foreign soldier through France to Spain,
would be the signal of a new Revolution, which
would be fatal to the rule of the BOURBON dynasty
for ever. Besides, we do not think that the English
Goiernment would countenance an interference with
Spain or Portugal, however much it may connive at
some of the odious measures of the Holy Alliance.

Thus it will be seen that the subjects for the discus-
sion of the approaching Congress, are sufficiently
important and sufficiently difficult, to render it pro-
bable that the siccing may be of considerable duration

The French Papers of Sunday have been received.
On the preceding day the two Chambers were dis-
solved. In the Chamber of Deputies, the Cote Droit
(says the Journal des Debats) separated with cries of
Vive le Roil" the left remained silent, The Con-
stitutionntl says that some of the left called out after
Vive k Rol," and also the Charter!"
Private letters from the Pyrennees announce, that
at the advanced posts of the cordon the heat is so
great, that the wells, springs, and streams are dried
up, and that water is distributed by rations to the
soldiers: it is added, that the state of the atmosphere
has occasioned a number of maladies.
Letters from Vienna state that Count Mowrmo-
RICNCY, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, is er-
pected, in that city, and that the affairs of Spain will
be discussed in the approaching Congress. The
opening of the Congress is said to be fixed for the Ist
of October; but the Ministers of the five great Powers
will hold preliminary conferences in the month of,
September. There is still no intelligence from Spain
of a later date than that which we published a week ago.

The C'onstitutionnel contains a spirited letter from
the Count de SANTA Roo to the Minister of the In-
tetiur, dated Alencon, August 14, on the expression
used by him in the Chamber of Deputies, that the
Piedmontese refugees in France shewed themselves
grateful for " the protection of the French Govern-
ment and the kindness of the King." The Minister
of the Interior is represented as having uttered a de-
liberate falsehood in the Chamber of Deputies, with
respect to the Piedmontese refugees, who have in
vain applied for a passport to England. After reca-
pitulating the fact, the letter proceeds thus:

" 31v Loses— After having beep brought here by your orders,
and having addressed to you fruitless protestations, I might have
applied to the Chambers. I have not done so. Urged by my
principles to remain perfectly a stranger to the affairs of every
country but my own, I preferred waiting in peace till the Go-
vernment repaired its injustice, raaker than become the cause of
a warm discussion in the bosom of the Chamber. Men who,
like me, feel the whole weight of their misfortunes, and of those
of the country, do not like to make themselves tilked of; but,
my Lord, the wards which you have spread throughout Europe
force me to break my silence. Not to acknowledge benefits, or
to disavow a protector, is the part of a base man ; but to suffer
gratitude to be attributed to us, to be imposed upon us when
the feeling of Injustice which oppresses us weighs on our hearts,
is also a baseness. The Italian Proscripts, my Lord, will never
descend to it ; they may be driven out, they may be imprisoned,
they may be overwhelmed with persecutions, but they will never
forget what they owe to .their own character, and to that dear
and unfortunate country whose esteem is their first want,
" I own it would have been sweet to me to have experienced
the benevolence of the French Government, to have lived under
the protection of the author of the French Charter, by whom
liberty was givers to France after fourteen years of an opposite
movement. Other Kings of France have prosecuted Italians
proscribed for the same cause, and the last defenders of the li-
berty of Florence and Sienna found in France a second country
under Francis I. and Henry IL
" Hear what has happened to me in Prance :—I entered it
with a Swiss passport and a borrowed name, in the false belief
that this precaution would secure me a peaceable abode at Paris.
I dwelt la that city and the country for four months. I was
quiet, and with an Irreproachable conduct should I not have
been left so? On the 23d of March last I was seized by the
agents of the King's authority, in a public square at Paris, and
taken to the Prefecture of Police, where I read on the warrant
' for my apprehension these very words—` accused 4#* maims in_
gentians.' I demanded to be taken to the Prefect of Police : I
immediately told him my true name. After a long interroga-
tory, I was thrust into the prison of the Salle St. Martin, and
the proceedings in my affair began.

" It is evident that the Magistrates must have found in my
papers, and in my conduct, a complete want of proof of culpa-
bility in matters of politics, since the proceeding against me was
confined to the irregularity of my passport. I expected to
be tried and condemned on this last point; I knew my fault; I
was ready to undergo the punishment of it. I had only com-
mitted a formal offence, nothing was purer than my intentions,
but I had still fallen into a violation of the laws, which is never,
in my eyes, entirely to be justified. The French Magistracy
I thought that it was not their duty to resort to a rigorous and
literal application of the law—they disdained to bind the lofty
maxims of equity to any considerations, and the ttapunal of First
/miaow of Paris declared that there was no ground for the pro-
secution. The public prosecutor opposed this decision. The
Royal asset pronounced a second judgment in my favour, and
ordered my liberatioi hi the accustomed form. I then requested
of your Excellency the power of enjoying French hospitality,
that is to say, to be allowed to live in France, under the protec-
tion of the laws of the kingdom

" I thought that the Government ought by this benellt to
make up to me for all that unjust alarms as to my political con-
duct in Francs had mode me surer. This Illusion. at which I
have no need to blush, soon vanished. lat Ent saw myself de-
tained aloe days is pubso; em the simple buss of the Prefect of

"eFer. !

'F .

Cry'rr r.rm
.0 •

111 to the jailer--a sheer Violence offered to my person, as, '
=aiding to the Decree of the Royal Gottrt, I could not legally
be deprived of my liberty, but by a new warrant (esiesdet
Amman) issued by the Magistrate. The answer et year Excel-
luny arrived. It was an order to the Prefect of Polies, to get
me taken to &Jenson by the Gendarmerie, to abide there coder
the sureaktsor of the local authority. Immediately en my ar-
rival In the plate of my relegation, I wrote to your Excellency,
' Eit ate longer en asylums in Prism, rx is passports /Jr Ilogiend I
repestfreosthe French Goometherst.' I have received no answer,
and you have, undoubtedly, my Lord, forgotten my letter and my
protest, when you uttered in the Tribune the words I have cited.
" These facts, which concern net sue alone, and which are
nearly common to me with Messrs. Muschiettl and Calvet*
my companions arrested and relegated at the same time with
me, are known to Tour Excellency, and can be proved, if ne-
cessary, by authentic documents. I preserve the order of the
Royal Court of Paris as a precious monument of the protection
which my innocence has found from a French tribunal.
" Now, my Lord, I. ask whether we have been treated in
France with justice or with injustice, with benevolence or ma-4
levolence? whether we have been protected or opptessed ?"
M. de SANTA Rosa, after reiterating his demand
for passports, observes, that after all he has said,
it may be judged whether France is an asylum for
misfortune.
A prosecution is going'on aglinst M. 'APACE, the
Editor of a Parisian publication, called the Courier
des Spectacles, for inserting in his work, which, though
periodical, is not a newspaper, articles relative to po-
litics. The charge is, that he has published dis-
guised politics and direct politics. Among the ar-
ticles of the former kind exhibited in the act of ac-
cusation, the two following are the,most remarkable.
The prosecution of such absolute trifles seems a sin-
gular indication of alarm or irritability in the Go-
vernment :
" Tire OLD Ctoruas Suer.—An Officer, covered with ho-
nourable scars, is in the deepest distress. He looks to his clothes
for a last service. Their condition announces under what glo-
rious circumstances they covered their unfortunate owner; but
that is no recommendation to an old clothes man. As to his
sword, the veteran warrior transmits it, bequeaths it, but will
not sell it. The blade is bright, though stained with the blood
of the enemy. This veteran is in poverty : but perhaps if his
sword had been dipped in French blood .. .."
" Tee CANTA!,SZD Boosmaxaa.—A bootmaYer, who wished
to be an elector, but who was not rated high enough, caused an
additional window to be made in his apartments. As soon as
he was qualified, his vote was solicited on the one hand by the
Constitutional candidate, on the other by the opposite candidate;
and he found himself in danger of losing the business of all the
persons of the patty with which he did not vote. In this diffi-
culty he consulted his wife, who Is a shrewd, Normand. She
cast up the business received from both sides, and found that
they lad 150 Constitutional customers, and only 40 of the Ultra
party. She further remarked, that the Constitutionalists being
young, in the full possession of their faculties, active, indus-
trious, and addicted to the cultivation of the Arts, wore by far
the most boots, even with a single leg, when they have had the
misfortune to lose the other, which has occurred to a considet able
number .f them, while their adversaries hire almost all arrived
at the age of decrepitude. Hence she concluded that her hus-
band must vote with the Liberals."
The Counsel for M. Lepage contended, that these
articles contained :timely reflections, and were to be
considered as purely literary. It would not be con-
tended that Juvenal and Boileau, in satirizing man-
ners, had written political articles.
The articles which come under the charge of direct
polisle, are entitled Horace Vernet—Biographie de
Academiciens radies—De la peins de mart en matiere
criminal.
The Counsel argued that the two first related en-
tirely to the Fine Arts. Their object was to complain
that the exposition of pictures had been made a ques-
tion of politics. As to the third article, it was purely
philosophical, and in that view it had been inserted in
the journals as the criticism of a work in which the
question which the title of the article involved was
discussed.
The trial commenced on Saturday last, and was
adjourned till to-morrow.

This forenoon we received intelligence from Bay-
onne to the 14th instant, which represents the Insur-
gents as having been successful in several engage-
ments with the Constitutionalists, in Navarre, Arra-
gen, and Catalonia. These statements, which are
evidently those of a partizan of the Insurgent " Army
of the Faith," have so much the appearance of exag-
geration, as to entitle them to little credit. The fol-
lowing axe extracts :
BAYONNE AUGUST 15.

The post from Madrid was stopped on Sunday
evening by the factious at Salinas, two leagues from
Vittoria, so that we have no news from the provinces
beyond the Ebro. Those from Biscay inform us that
the Pastor is daily engaged with the different bands
in that country, which continue to increase ; they
add, that the nomination of the new Ministry, and
that of Mina to the command of Navarre and Biscay
have given great satisfaction.
_ _

It ; difficult to imagine how the Government at
Madrid will acquit itself in the present state of things ;
its situation calls for the display of great resources.
The arrival of General Mina in Navarre will doubt-
less contribute to the pacification of that Province,
but it remains to be seen whether Ballasteros or Mo.
rill° (for both are spoken of) will obtain the same
success in Catalonia, considering the progress of the
revolt and the great support which the factious have
in a foreign nation. The Constitutionalists have cer-
tainly conceived hopes from the English nation and
even its Government, in whose favour they will make
all possible sacrifices if it supports them in the strug-
gle in which they are engaged. The following is the
manner in which the LiheralJewrisal of St. Sebastian I
expresses itself on this subject:
" The day is not distant when we shall perhaps
learn that a treaty of commerce has been concluded j

-

_,` ~

~.

' ~

between our Goveinineit and that of Great Britatn,
it is even said that an alliance is in contemplation'
between Spain, Portugal, and England ; that the
latter Power has sent a note to the French Goverlv.
ment, to require the dissolution of the Sanitary Cot.
dun, and to repeat the assurances of its resolution to
maintain the order of things established in the Perlin.
:Ida. It is added, that our Government has also rc.
ceived a note from the British Cabinet, declaring
that it will always support our Constitutional system."
In the same Journal we find the following passage:
—" In the state of perfect health which the Peninsula
enjoys, and the hope that is conceived that the ep,.
demic disease will not re-appear in Catalonia, nothing
can be more ridiculous than this sanatory cordon,
which serves only to harass travellers of both na-
Lions, and to fetter commerce. Let it be called a
Cordon of Observation, well and good: but then, of
what use are these Lazarettos, where the most robust
and healthy men may catch a disease during the four
or six days that they are detained ? It is to be hoped,
that as the yellow fever does not exist in any part of
Spain, the French Government will abolish this
culous quarantine, and confine itself, it it sees goo!,
to making its territory respected by the Spanish bands
of the two parties, which might trespass on it, and
troduce political contagion."
64 Nobody now even pretends to dissemble the pro.
section which the French Government gives to the
Spanish rebels ; clothing, ammunition, balls, bombs,C
cartlidges, muskets, cannon, all are before our eyes;
and but a few days ago, several cannon were sent to.
wards St. Jean Pied-de-Port, with six horses and two
oxen. It is generally believed that Spain can do no
less than declare war against that infamous Gover. 1
ment, which seems to provoke it by all kinds of meal
and iniquitous aggressions; but if the Spaniards hare
the discretion not to act as aggressors, and only t)
be prepared to make reprisals, the opinion and the
efforts of the Spanish nation will go with them:—
Liberal Guipuzcoano.
We learn the arrival of some Constitutional troops
at Barcelona, but they do not amount to 4.00 men.

A Hamburgh Mail reached us this forenoon, brin.c..
ing Papers to the 14th instant. The following are
extracts :

CONSTANTINOPLE, JULY 18.
(FROM A PRIVATE COMMUNICATION.)

The day before yesterday the English Ambassador
received an official note, informing him that the Pore
(as we have already stated from other resources) hal
appointed the Boyar Ghika Prince of Wallachia,
and Stourdza Prince of Moldavia. In making this
choice the Porte has, for the first time, departed from
its custom of choosing Greeks residing in Constan-
tinople to fill those high offices. They are natives cf
the country, and the Porte is said to have excthed
itself in this note for having departed from the ancient
mode, because, under present circumstances, it could
not possibly have sufficient confidence in Greeks to put
such important posts into their possession. The eva-
cuation of the two Principalities continues without
interruption, and will be complete before the arrival
of the new Princes, who leave this city in a few days.
