DAILY ORDERS, MAY 20 and 21.

N

IMPERIAL DECREES.
PALACE or ST. CLOUD, JUNE 26, ism.
NAPoLnott, Emperor of the French, King of Italy,
Protector of the Confederation of the Rhine, Media-
tor of the Swiss League, &c. &c. It being our in-
tention to ascertain the opinions of the principal mer-
chants and manufacturers of our Empire, upon every
thing relating to commerce and manufactures, we
have decteed as follows :

A*T. 1. There shall be established at Paris, contiguous to
the Minister of the Interior a General Council of Manufacturers;
it is to consist of 60 Members.
2. The Members of this Council shall be named by the Mi-
nister of the Interior.
S. Such of the Members as shall prove themselves most useful
or display superior talents, shall obtain the title of Councillor of
Arts and Manufactures. They shall receive a Brevet to this ef-
fect, signed with our hand.
4. To become a Member of the Council, it is required that the
person shouldbe a manufacturer in employ.
5. The Council shall be so composed that every branch of in-
dustry will be represented in it ; the silk, the woollen, the hemp,
and flax, the cotton, the leather, the skin manufactures, will each
have in it at least six deputies.
6. Five Members at least of this Council will reside at Paris;
one from each class of nianufacturers specified in Art. 5.
7. Whenever a Member is at Paris, though•not called there,
be may attend and vote at the sittings.
8. The Minister of the Interior may convoke, when he thinks
proper, all or part of the Members of the Council.
Trri.e. IL—Council of Commerce.
9. The Council-General of Commerce, established by our
Minister of the Interior, by an Arret of the 9d Nivose; year
11, shall be increased to 60 Members, who, like those of the
Council of Manufacturers, may, after 5 years service, receive a
Brevet of Councillor of Commerce.
10. One Member at least shall be selected from each branch
of trade.
11; The other regulations of Title 1, are common to the Coun-
cil General of Commerce. (Signed) NAPOLEON.
CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY 10.

There were some fresh symptoms of mutiny among
the janissiries a few days ago, but the Government
ordered fifty of the revolters to be strangled, and
tranquillity was reestablished. We learn nothing
from the armies ; it appears that nothing of impor-
tance has occurred. The English Minister continues
at Constantinople, and does every thing in his power
to induce the Porte to continue the war.

Exclusive of the troops that set out from Constan-
tinople, to join the army of the Danube, a great num.
ber have arrived from Asia, and even from Africa ;
notwithstanding, it is the opinion of several Pachas,
that hostilities will not commence before some attempt
at negociation is tried.
The Russian army, it is said, has crossed the Da-
nube at three po'nts, and already occupies a part of
Bulgaria. The head-quarters are at Nicopoli. A
Russian detachment penetrated as far as Tzernowe.
Mr. Adair has to contend against the inactivity of the
Government and the hatred of the sound part in the
Turkish Divan, who consider him as the immediate
cause of all the misfortunes under which Turkey suf-
fers. The janissaries are still in mutiny ; forty of
them have been beheaded, but this severity has only
rendered them more intractable. Mr. Adair is ac-
cused cf having encouraged them to mutiny. It is
well known that all those who applied to this Mi-
nister were spared in the pillage of Pera.

SPANISH PAPERS.

TARRAGONA, MAY 22.

On the 19th, General O'Dom.ell issued an order
for the departure, within four days, from this fortress,
of all foreigners and other persons who are not 'resi.
dent inhabitants, or attached to the garrison-staff, or
Royal Audience. The property of persons disobey-
ing this order will be confiscated, and themselves
compelled, according to circumstances, to serve dur-
ing the. war, in the army, or in working on the forti-
fications.

" The General in Chief prolireits all the Commandants of the
corps composing this army, from receiving into the same any
officer or serjeant of those that composed the infamous garrison
of the fortress of Lerida; being anxious that the company of such
unworthy Spaniards should not contaminate the honourable
sentiments of the individuals of this army. Meanwhile, and
anvil circumstances admit of the infliction of exemplary• punish-
ments on all that were accessary to the abominable capitulation
of the castles of Lerida, he proclaims them traitors to their coup•
try, and as such. declares them to be infamous: and orders that
all property and effects within this principality belonging to such
of the chiefs and members of the Corregintental Junta of Lerida,
a% participated in the saii' capitulation, be forthwith confiscated,
and the proceeds ai plied to the expences of the war.
"'This unexampled perfidy and cowardice, ought, nevertheless,
pot by ary means to dishearten the brave offic.•rs and saidiers of
Ali* army ; they have lost nothing who still retain valour, hands,
and steel. The exemplary punishment of cowards will afford sa-
tisfaction to the brave, who will feel that it is necessary to re.
de üble their efforts, in order to save the country ; and to wipe
off, by new victories, the foul stain of the surrender of Lerida.
(Signed) " o'ov:qt.:ELL."
PROCLAMATION.

CATALONIANS.—The infamous and cowardly sur-
render of the fortress of Lerida, ought not to depress
your valour. In the midst of the horrors that sur-
round them, its illustrious, but unfortunate inhabitants
. (worthy of a better fate) call aloud for vengeance,
and implore the 'aid of your energy. Is there one
among you whose breast does not glow with an eager
anxiety to offer tip to the generous manes of the men,
women and children, sacrificed amidst the flames of
their habitations, the assassins who have committed
such atrocities ?—Are you not the same who have le-
yelled in tlni dust the numerous divisions which so
arrogantly vaunted that they would bring you under
immediate subjection ? and who, in so many and such
glorious combats, have added fresh laurels to the gar-
land of valour which has always so majestically de-
corated your brows ?—Lerida is fallen ; hut Catalonia
is not yet conquered, nor shall it ever be, whilst the
minds of the invincible inhabitants are undejected.—
Tarragona, Tortosa, Cardona, Berga, Sen de Urgell,
Coll de Bologna., and Mequinenza, are still the bul-
wark of the principality; and these fortresses, com-
manded by patriotic, intelligent, anti brave Chiefs,
will prove all impenetrable barrier to the enemy.
And if, after the lapse of many years, those for-
tresses should fall, the inaccessible mountains of Ca-
talonia Mill present numerous strong-holds to those
who prtfer such an abode to slavery. When we com-
menced hostilities, we had neither army nor fortresses,
for 01 of tl.em were dismantled ; at this moment we
have an army andfortressi s. Catalonians, rush in a
body to take up arms ; do not credit those who tell
)1 u, that by carrying into effect the ballot for every
filth nr.n, it is intuitied to prevent the brave Soma,

. si
rimmum........”.........mammi.
FRENCH PAPS
IMPERIAL DECP
PALACE OF ST. CLOUD, Jt
NaPoonon, Emperor of the Fr
Protector of the Confederation a
tor of the Swiss League, &c. &
tention to ascertain the opinions
chants and manufacturers of our
thing relating to commerce ar
have decteed as follows :
TITLE I.—Of the Council of
A*T. 1. There shall be established
the Minister of.the Interior a General C
it is to consist of 60 Members.
2. The Members of this Council sits
Dieter of the Interior.
S. Such of the Members as shall prov
or display superior talents, shall obtain
Arts and Manufactures. They shall re
test, signed with our hand. •
4. To become a Member of the Cour
1 person shouldbe a manufacturer in togs'
5. The Council shall be so composed
' i dustry will be represented in it ; the silt
and flax, the cotton, the leather, the skit
have in it at least six deputies.
6. Five Members at least of this Cou
one from each class of manufacturers spe
7. Whenever a Member is at Paris,
be may attend and vote at the sittings.
8. The Minister of the Interior may c
proper, all or part of the Members of t 1
i Trrte. IL—Council of CI
9. The Council-General of Comme
Minister of the Interior, by an Arrei
11, shall be increased to 60 Members
Council of Manufacturers, may, after
Brevet of Councillor of Commerce.
10. One Member at least shall be se
• of trade.
11.*The other regulations of Title 1,1
cil General of Commerce. (9
CONSTANTINOPLE, :
There were some fresh sympta
the janissaries a few days ago, 1
, . ordered fifty of the revolters t,
tranquillity was reestablished.
from the armies ; it appears the
j tance has occurred. The Englit
at Constantinople, and does ever
to induce the Porte to continue t
FRANKFORT, JUI
Exclusive of the troops that se
tinople, to join the army of the E
1 ber have arrived from Asia, anc
1 notwithstanding, it is the opinio
I that hostilities will not commence
at negotiation is tried.
The Russian army, it is said,
nube at three po'nts, and ahead
Bulgaria. The head-quarters
Russian detachment penetrated
Mr. Adair has to contend again!
Government and the hatred of I
, Turkish Divan, who consider 1
cause of all the misfortunes und,
fers. The janissaries are still
them have been beheaded, but t
rendered them more intractable
cused of having encouraged the
well known that all those who
sister were spared in the pillage
----
SPANISH PAP
-----
TARRAGONA, M
1
On the 19th, General O'Dor
for the departure, within four di
of all foreigners and other pers
dent inhabitants, or attached to
Royal Audience. The propert
ing this order will be confisca
compelled, according to circum
ing the. war, in the army, or in
fications.
DAILY ORDERS, MAI
" The General in Chief prolaits all
corps composing this army, from recei
officer or serjeant of those that compot
of the fortress of Lerida; being anxious
unworthy Spaniards should not cont
sentiments of the individuals of this
umil circumstances admit of the inflicti
mews on all that were accessary to the
of the castles of Lerida, be proclaims tlt
try, and as such. declare' them to be ii
all property and effects within this prim
of the chiefs and members of the Corn;
a. participated in the sal.' capitulation,
and the proceeds ai plied to the expense
"'This unexampled perfidy and cowai
pot by any means to dishearten the brat
Ali* army ; they have lost nothing who I
and steel. The exemplary punishment
tisfactiun to the brave, who will feel ti
de üble their efforts, in order to save tl
off, by new victories, the foul stain of tl
(Signed)
PROCLAMATII
CATALONIANS.—The infamou
render of the fortress of Lerida,
your valour. In the midst of t
round them, its illustrious, but un
. (wcrthy of a better fate) call
aod implore the aid of your ei
among you whose breast does nc
anxiety to offer up to the genero
women and children, sacrificed
their habitations, the assassins i
such atrocities ?—Are you not tl
veiled in tit./ dust the numero
arrogantly vaunted that they wt
... immediate subjection ? and who,
glorious combats, have added fr
land of valour which has alwa,
- corated your brows ?—Lerida is
is not yet conquered, nor shall
minds of the invincible inhabita
Tarragona, Tortosa, Cardona, I
Coll de Bllaguer, and Mequine
wark of the principality ; and 1
manded by patriotic, intelFgen
-', will prove all impenetrable b
And if, after the lapse of rt
tresses should fall, the inaccessi
talonia Mill present numerous ,
who pi-tier such an abode to slat
menced hostilities, we had neithi
for all of tl.ent were dismantled
have an army and fortresses. f
body to take up arms ; do not
i
)1 to that by carrying into effec
1 fifth nr.n, it is intuuded to prei
