.

BRITISH CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.
—......—.
Saturday miming, pursuant totpubl:c advertise-
meat, a Meeting of the above Association took.plade at
the Crown and Anchor Tavern, in the Strand.
The Meeting
wills very numerous, and highly re-
spe others present were—
The Duke of Nod k, Nord* Nugent, De Clifford, 136smel-
mere, &c. and Messrs. O'Connell, Shiel, Lawless, and taker Sem.
bets of the Deputation from Ireland. • 1
The Duke of Nonvott took the Chair, and openter
the business by expressing his regret at the decision re-
cently come to by the House of Lords—a • decision
which had for its effect the keeping in vassalage six
millions of Irish, and about half a million of English
Catholics, for no other offence than that of adhering to
the religion they crnscientiously believed to be founded
in truth. It was some convilation, however, to know,
that all the generosity and intelligence, and much of the
property of the country, were marshalled on their side
—(Loud applause) —He had been in the House of Peers
during the late debates, and it was with astonishment
that he heard Right Reverend Prelates ascribe to them
tenets they never held ; he had heard them branded as
bad subjects—they, who were, many of them, the
lineal descendants of the Barons who procured for us
Magna Charta—( 4pplau se). He felt grateful to those
who had advocated their cause, and he trusted that his
fellow Catholics would attempt only, in constitutional
and legal modes, to obta'n the redress to which they
were entitled. He would say tb them—Shew your-
selves, by your demeanour, to be 4, strong without rage
—without o'el flowing full."—The Nable Duke sat
down amid long reiterated applause.
Lord DE CLIFFORD joined the Noble Duke in ex-
pressing his regret at the decision recently given against
them. "'!he mind of our Sovereign laid the Noble
Lord) has been perverted, by the insinuation that we
give him a divided allegiance. Gentlemen, I spurn the
aspersion —it is a libel upon us. It is false that we give
to our Sovereign a divided allegiance." ( Applause).
It had been asserted by their opponents that the voi:e
of the people seas against them. This he denied, and
he appealed for confirmation of his opinion to the de-1
cision twice given by the House of Commons, that they
ought to be admitted within the pale of the Constitu- '
don. The Noble Lord concluded by moving a resolu-
tion to the effect, 14 that the splendid eloquence, and
laborious exertions with which the principles of reli-
gious liberty had been maintained in the House of
Commons, demanded from them their warmest thanks
to those who had thus ably and nobly come forward
and advocated their cause."
The Honourable E. NITRE seconded the motion.
He did not despond, but still entertained strong hopes
of ultimate success. He had heard with regret the
speech of Lord Liverpool, from whom he had expected
a more moderate tone of opposition, and of whose
speech he would only say, that if it went for anything,
it was to deprive them of the few privileges they now
possessed—(Applause). They had been accused of vio-
lence and of intemperance in their addresses to Parlia-
ment, but he denied that the accusation was just, and
he felt sure that the charge might with greater propriety
and truth be applied to the Petitions against them.
The Resolution was then put, and carried unanimously.
Lord Donousamoat considered the vigour displayed
against them in the House of Lords as the dying
struggles of their opponents, who, although they felt
they must die, were determined hat they would die
hard—(Applause).
- Mr. BLOUNT took a review of our history, to show
that the Roman Catholics had always acted in a man-
nv which clearly demonstrated thit they were not the
less good subjects on account of their religion.
MTAIOWARD alluded to the divided state of the
Cabinet on the :Catholic Question, and said, that, as
at present formed, he could not designate it otherwise
than as an unconstitutional association.--(Loud applause).
A motion of thanks was next moved by Mr. Roos, and seconded
by Mr. Howmus, to the Members of the English Bar who sup•
ported the Claims of their Roman Catholic fellow-subjects.
Mr. M. J. Quirt moved a declaratory Resolution,
confiding in the generous support of the English peo-
ple in favour of tip Catholics, which be enforced in an
eloquent speech, in which he reviewed the whole merits
of the question, and combated the arguments which
had been so calumniously uttered wing the Catholics
during the late debate. .
Mr.Mmutv Whims seconded the motion.
Mr. O'Cosusi.r., being loudly called for, said, he felt
alitceaiunse t capableperforming of
oo rectt the task utsk as
oo signed to to
chkim;
Che cause too great to allow his judgment any room,
and left him a prey to indignation and his passion. He
would endeavour to be as temperate as the warm cur-
rent of his Irish blood would permit him. Although
unsuccessful, his friends had advised him to hope—it
was a cheering sound, yet where was he to find any
prospect of hope? Was he to find it in the history of
his native country, which had been kept in a state of
slavery and bondage during the last 650 years? Was
he to find it in contracts repeatedly made, and as often
broken? In treaties made and afterwards abandoned ?
His religion was called Roman, and he was so far a
Roman that he would never despair. Hope never de-
serted even the miserable wretch in his cell, and it
cheered men even in their dying moments, and he yet
hoped that one day the exertions of the Catholics would
be crowned with success. lie defied even bigotry itself
to say why Catholics should be any longer kept in a
Istate of slavery ? It had been said their religion was
one of persecution—lie denied it; the Catholics had been
twice in power after enduring persecution, but they did
sot retaliate. No; when they were in power, not a drop
of Protestant blood was shed by the Irish Catholics. He
then took a review of the history of Ireland, and com-
mented on the most remarkable events as he proceeded.
He then continued—Statements had been made in the
House of Commons, prejudicial to the Catholics, which
were entirely without foundation. Archbishop king had
published a pamphlet, stating that thirty-seven churches
bad been taken from the Protestants by the Catholics;
that assertion was well known to be false, and he could
not express his feeling of contempt for those who had
made quotations from such a work. He did not expect
much from Parliament; which began by trampling-on
the Catholic Association. The Catholics had been ac-
cused of making intemperate speeches, and garbled
extracts, and scraps of newspapers had been read in proof
u) the assertion, Mr. Bankes had read an extract from
one of his speeches, but unfortunately he teed the wrong
part, although he hid taken the pains to mark out the
passage previously. Mr.B. was a very great man, and
he thought England ought to he proud of such a para-
gon of perfection. After making some observations on
the speeches made by some other Members of Parlia-
ment, Mr.O'C.observeal,.he had heard it stated, that the
great body of Catholics cated but little about einanci-
pation ; and that only a few Noblemen, who wished

• ,"!1

'!~!

"or seats in the Uwe noose, interested themselves
in the qtiato7 Although his countrymen Were
Irish by name,
yet they were British subjects by
manfully and openly to -cloyed a participation_
right, and they had unaaimously come forwent
those blessings enjoyed by the test qt' his Majesty's
subjects. I have been calied. said Mr. O'Connell, an
agitating lawyer—L own that I -am an agitator, and
I will continue one until I see my native country le-
vered to her rights—(Loud cheers). The Catholic As-
sociation 'slid considerable good in Ireland—in every
county here its meetings were held the disturbances
immedately ceased, and in those places there was a
sensation of criminality and hostility. The Associal ion
had only requested to be heard, when they undertook
to disprove the charge; that had been- brought against
them. At the time of the formation of the Catholic
Association there were eleven counties in lielaad in a
state of insurrection and insubordination. -The curfew,
that ancient badge of British slaveiy, then prevailed
there, but after the establishment of the Association all
was peace, quiet, and tranquillity, under the expecta-
tion that the people would receive a just and legitimate
relief. The use of the cur few was establishing a prece-
dent Which he hoped would never again be extended
to England. Toe suppression of the Catholic Associa-
tion was an injury so great. and an act of injustice so
abominable, that he felt convinced that it would be re-
pealed during the neat Session of Parliamen.. It ex-
ceeded any measure that`was ever carried in the Divan
of Algiers. How could he tall his countrymen to hope
for redress, when such an abominable measure bad been
passed in England? Yet he found some reason to hope
for redress, when lie considered the reason that had
been employed against him. He would begin by noticing
the speech of the Keeper of the King's " English" Con-
scierice. He believed his Majesty had three consciences
one English, one Irish, and the third Hanovetian, of
which he was the keeper himself —(Heer)—one that
was all liberality and justice, and he could not suffi-
ciently blame those who advised his Majesty not to do
that of justice to his Catholic subjects, which, if left to
his own feelings on the'subject, he would do imme-
diately. The first argoment of the Lord Chancellor
was, that if Catholic Emancipation were granted, the
Dissenters must then be relieved from the restrictions
imposed on them. He thanked him for saying so, and
heartily agreed with him in that opinion. He did not
wish to compare theological opinions, but to claim uni-
versal liberty of conscience. He thought. Diebenters
equally entitled to relief with Roman Catholics. As
to the Test and Corporation Acts, he hoped that, in
justice to the Dissenters of England, those acts would
ere long be abolished. He knew that the liberal por-
tion of Dissenters were friends *to Catholic Emancipa-
tion—force might make hypocrites, but could not make
conscientious believers. He detested the use of either
force or fraud—either might change the outward pro.
fession, but neither could change the heart. AB be
asked of the opponents of Catholic Emancipation was,
to use a vulgar phrase, a clear stage and no favour ;
let the question be decided by conscientious men, and
the will of the Eternal Gon. The Lord Chancellor
had stated that the English was a Protestant Consti-
tution. He was of a contrary opinion. It was Ca-
tholics who obtained from a tyrant the celebrated
Magna Charts. It was the Catholics who insti-
tuted the Trial by Jury, of which the English na-
tion were so justly proud, who procured the sitting of
the Lords in a House separate from the Commons.—
Are not all these part of the ingredients of the Consti-
tution? Even the office of Chancellor was instituted by
the Catholics, which was originally filled by Catholic
Priests. The first layman who filled the office was
the martyred Sir Thomas More, who left office with
only 101. in his pocket, as example which he dare say
the present Chancellor would not follow —(A laugh).—,
The Government willingly accepted the services of the
Catholics, but refused to pay them their wages—an
act of such gross injustice and intolerance, 'that he
would not venture to describe it. A certain Bishop
who had spoken upon she question, spoke very largely
of his disinterestedness; he had formerly been an advo-
cate for Catholic Emancipation, bus changed his
opinion the moment he was appointed tutor to Lord
Liverpool's nephew. The speech of Dr.Dromgeole, on
which so much had been said, was disapproved of
by the Catholics, who held a meeting on the fol-
lowing day, and reprobated the language he used—
yet the Rev. Bishop had thought proper to state that
the language he used met with the approbation of the
Catholics. He then mentioned the name of Dr. Doyle,
to whom the Catholics owed a debt of gratitude they
could never repay. Yet even he had been misrepre-
sented and calumniated. Had the Catholics ever mis-
represented the Protestants, as the Bishop already al-1
luded to bad misrepresented the Catholics? If a Ca-
tholic Priest had been guilty of such wilful misrepio-
sentation, he would call him a liar and a calumniation
but be thanked Goa that he was of another faith. Oise
thing, however, he would say, the Bishop of Chess*
has broken one of those Commandments which •Catles-I
lies are taught to keep holy. He has borne false wit-
ness against his neighbour. I; therefore, said Mr.
O'Connell, thank my Goo that be is neither a Catholic
nor au Irishman. His friend (Mr. O'Gorman) moved
a Resolution of censure upon the speech delivered by '
Dr. Dromgoole, the language of which met with
the universal disapprobation of Irish Catholics.—
In looking at the speeches delivered in the House
of Commons, he found much to admire. As to the
speech of Mr. Canning, it was a sunny spot on the
desert of Irish desulation=it sounded in his ears like
the recollection of ancient music. Then came Mr.
Brougham, the ornament of the English Bar—with a
mind vast and comprehensive, and whose whole politi-
cal conduct did honour to the country that gave him
birth. Then came Mr. Plunkett, who had advocated
their cause with a strength of mind and energy seldom
equalled and never sal-poised. He would never despair
white the cause of Catholic Emancipation was sup
ported by such talent and ability. In the recent dis-
cussion, It was true, there were none killed, brit there
were some missiag, and one deserter, Lord Carbery,
who had spoken Tor. and voted against them. The
Marquis of Anglesea had said, so Now is the time to
fight." He should at least recollect, that his glories and
his medals were bought by the young blood of the
Catholics of Ireland ; but for them the Great Conque-
ror, who looked for talents and not for creeds, would
have succeeded in making this country submit to his
yoke. He trusted, however, that his countrymen
would no longer fight the battles of England until
she did them justice—(Tremendous applause). Al.
though soldiers could b_e found who would fight for
England, yet he trusted there were none who would use i
their swords against his unoffending countrymen. The
speech of the Noble Marquis would be read with de.'
light in the Orange Lodges, and might be instrumental
•

,%7.‘A;17

w,~

gm'

-71.

77M-

n amen Innocent Wad again to be shed in his un-
happy country, and then what would the Noble Mar-
quis have to answer for ? On his (Mr. O'Connelrsy
arrival in England, he met about '250 recruits, princi-
pally Irish, who were laughirig-'amf merry, merely I
because they were alive; and on his being recognised
by some of them, they surrounded his carriage, and
gave him three cheers—(Hear, hear). I tell the Noble
Marquis we will not fight now, but when we do he
shall not have the choice of pu.ition. After compli-
menting Sir F. Burdett, whom he styled the R sssell of
his day, mid the Earl of Donotighmore, the Champion
of the Catholics, whose father, he sid, in the starless-,
n:ght of-Irish desolation, lit up the light of hope,arnong
his unfot cunate en.mtrymen, and whom he hoped would
live to see the full 'moon of freedom beaming around
ir, the Learned Gentleman concluded as follows :
" I return to my own country with horror, affliction, and
affright, when I think of the injury and injustice done",
leer; but I will say no more upon the subject, it is too
overpowering. I will give my countrymen a lesson of
moderation and prudence ; bin at the same time of firm-
ness aid determination. The Government have put
down one Association, but I promise to treat them to
another. I e all persu tde them to use a pa ient bnt purse.
ruing resistance, but not to resort to violence." The
Learned Gentleman then concluded amidst the waving
of hats, &c. and was complime ,ted with three hearty _
cheers by the Meeting.
Mr. o*Goarami, Secretary to the Irish Roman Ca-
tholics, next addressed the Meeting, and particularly
alluded to an accusation made by the Bishop of Chester,
in 1 is late speech, in the House of Lords, against the
Catholics of Ireland. That Right Rev. Pt elate had
alluded to a speech made some years ago, by a Doctor
D. omgoole,who, by the way, was.not, as was suptfased.
a Doctor of Divinity, but of Physic, and said, that the
observations made in that speech by D3ctor Drumgoole,
hostile to the Protestant Religion, were sanctioned
and applauded by the Catholic Board, and the Ca-
tholic Irish people. Now, how did the fact stand? Why
that that speech was delivered in the Catholic Board at a
very late hour of the evening, when most of the Mem-
bers had gone away, and so far from its meeting with
the approbation of the Catholics, the very next day
a resolution proposed by him:disavowing and con-
demning the sentiments of that speech, was unani-
mously carried in the Catholic Board, entered on their
books, and published to the world ; and even what was
really said on the occasion by Dr.Dromgoole was highly
overcharged in the statement of the Right Rev. Prelate.
The. Learned Gentleman having sat down, •
Mr. HIDIRT HUNT stepped upon the platform, and
his appearance seemed the signal for uproar, for loud
tries of 44 Off, off," and hisses, were heard in various
directions ; and it was not until the repeated interfe-
rence of the Noble Chairman, and Mr. O'Connell, that
anything he said could be heard.,
same being at length obtained, Mr. Hunt went on to reply to
=
of the obosevadoss of Mr. O'Connell, who. he said, might
biscuit and his NNW mode of proceeding in their cause for
tho sidle pospla of Ilagbad respecting it. Be (Mr. Hunt)
well apathy knew of thounteds who would have warmly come forward to
@Amin the Catholics in their just claims, but foe 'the two other
Ossiniares attached to it, which the people of England,detexed-
-11 weer+ paying the Irish Catholic Clergy, and disfranchising the
Irish Freeholden; and he would promise Mr. O'Connell, that. its.
ail a reform took place in the House of Commons, unqualified man-
'citation would !sever be the lot of him or his countrymen.
lAr. Hone was sow about to range rather too widely into the
field of Reform, when the Noble Chairman interfered, and said
that Bohm was a subject with which that Meeting bad nothing to
do. and begged Mr. Hunt to Assist from it.
Mr. Hoar said, that as he was, and always had been,
' a warm supporter of the Catholic Cause, he would not
say one word that might be supposed as intended to
disturb the harmony of the Meeting, and he would
therefore sit down—(Applause).
The Hon. Mr. Currisas neat shortly addressed the Ileelbg ;
after which an unanimous vote of thanks was passed to the Noble
Chairman, proposed by Lord Clifford, and seconded by Lewd
Gormassoun. The Earl of Fingal in the Chair. The Meccas(
than broke up at five o'clock.

About twelve o'clock last night a fire broke. our in
the house of Mr. Dealon, grocer and tea-dealer, Comp.
ton•street, Brunswick-square. The family narrowly
escaped the fury of the flames, which were not sib-
dded till the house is which they began was consumed.
Samuel Belasco, the brother of the pugilist, was
fully committed for trial on Saturday, from Bow-street,
for picking pockets at Epsom Races. •
Mr. M--, who was on Thursday last ordered' to
be sent to Shields for trial, on a charge of felon*,
has ever since been in so feverish a state as to render
it unsafe to remove him. Several more persons have
appeared to prefer fresh charges against him ; but
the Magistrate has refused all applications to see him, •
in consequence of his present alarming state.
CORN EXCHANGE, MARIE-LANE, MAT fl.
There were tolerable good supplies of all kinds of Grain last week
and a large quantity of Flom. - This morning there is a good fresh
arrival of Wheat from Essee. Keats sod Sara, and moderate sup-
plies from other parts, of all sorts of Coat. The weather continues
so remarkably Nit, that our millers appear quite disinclined to pm-
chase Wheat. and this snide has sneered a decline te.day of hall Is.
per quarter fops the terms of this day seamiest. The only demand
at present for Barley. is for a few parcels for feeding,d this trade
is eicessively dull and cheaper. Scans maintain the rms of this
day sesoolght. Peas,.•l both sorts, sell very heavily at last loots-
tient. The quantity of Oats for sale does not exceed the desmod,
and this article Ands a tolerable ready sale at the terns of last elm.
day. Flour is very dell.
Wheat, Red (1824) SO& 701. Rye, old, 00s. 00s.
---. old, 008,00 s. Beasts, Sansil, sew, 445. 465.
White, 1824, ella 731. --- old, 00s. 00s.
-- old 00s. 00s. 11ek, flew, 535. Ms.
Barley, 1824, 321. 43a. .--- old, 00s. OOa. ,
---- Old, 00s. 00s. Oat., Feed, sew, 21s. 1145.
Peas, Grey, 1824, 575. 385. --- old, Os. Os.
----.-. Old, 00s. 00s. Poked, Dew, 21s. 271.
Maple. 1824, 38s 395. old, Os. 08.
.--.. old, OW. 00s. Potato', new, 276
White, new, 481.455. old, Os. Os.
Os. Os. •••••• Scotch, 28s. 31s.
8011er5,1824, 445. 48s. %mein Oats, 00s. 005.
old, 00s. 00s. Flour, per Sack, Sys. I.
aRRIVALS LAW W.

5,905 i Peas -
1,496 Irish Wheat -
5,6411 Irish Oats - 2,100
- 10,5411 Foreign Outs - 1,449
- 1,298 Beebe riser,
seeks 9,698
SMITHFIELD MARKET, MAT 113.
Beef is about Id. per stone damper Ass en Mienday bat, the best
Oxen being Ss. to Ss. 2d. pee sins. MA ihieblierier are 4s. 4d. to
4s. 10d. per stone. Mutton bible 10441 dist day's pier, the heat
of the weather rendering the Welters .-shin liles it boy largely.—
The best Downs, and other fine Sheep, am Se. oaoe S. .04. per
stone ; and the owner are 4s. 64. to 54. par stone. YEW looks
very heavy this nsoraing, the best rums Calves net Semliki more
than 61. 4d. to 65.6 d. per stone; and the larger ,Calves art very doll
at Ss. Sd. to 65. per stone. Lamb is shoot 10d. per 'Me steeper
than on this day week, being more otemism mid Imo la leamod :
the best Meat of this kind Is quoted at Se. Illd. to lc thi. per mime
and large Lamb is dull sale at Ce.to 65. 10d. per mese. The
Pork trade remains without sheration.--Bessts, 2,041 ; Sheep,
17,110; Pigs, 190; Calves, 129.
S.-a.m. ed. to se. ed. per stone; Mutton, 44. ad. to Is. id. Veal,
Ss. 6d. to 61. 6d. Lamb, es. 4d. to 7s. Pork, Ss. 4d. to IL 44.
Hay per load, 43 Ss. to 44 15s. Clover, 44 to AS 7s. 6d. &saw.
42 to 49 6s.

Moat, Ems Hob. qrs.
Barley
Malt
Oats
Bow
