EDINBURGH, Ocr.lB.

The work people on the Castlehill have, within these
few days cut into a subterraneous gallery. It appears I
to ascend from the Grassmarket, and to terminate within
a few yards of the half-moon battery, which it was
probably the intention of some besieging army to un-
dermine. The breadth is from two to three feet, as is
usual at present in galleries constructed for purposes of
this kind, and it is probable the height may be about
five feet, although it is considerably less near the upper
extremity, owing to the work people having allowed
the earth to roll into it. Although excavated in earth
and rubbish that has been evidently thrown from a
bigher part of the hill, it seems to have undergone little
change since it was formed.
-

ARBROATH.—The following is a statement of the
exports of the staple articles at this place from 6th July
to 10th October, 1828:
Linen. Sailcloth. +
Yards.
. . 495,573 43,11011

British America

British West Indies . . 194;294 11,535
United States . . . 1,299,999 19,209
Brasil . . . . 470,011 67,579

ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY.

Saturday a General Meeting was called of the Mem-
bers of the Surrey Auxiliary Anti-Slavery Society, for
the purpose of submitting to their notice a Petition to
both Houses of Parliament, that had been drawn up by
the Committee. The Meeting was held at the Spread
Eagle Inn, Epsom, and at a little after one o'clock.
JOARPH WILSON, E.q. was unanimously called to the
Chair. The Meeting chiefly consisted of Ladies, and
was highly respectable.
The CHAIRMAN, in opening the Meeting, said it was
now for a long time that they had been struggling to
procure the emancipation of the slaves, and hitherto,
unfortunately, they had been unsuccessful. He trusted,
however, that, by the blessing of GOD, the time was
fast approaching when slavery would be abolished, and
when their efforts to get rid of so foul a blot to England
would prove victorious—(Hear, hear!)
Mr. Goss reminded the Meeting. that they had met
last year for the purpose of petitioning Parliament for
the adoption of immediate steps to abolish slavery in
the West Indies. That Petition had unfortunately proved
unsuccessful ; but this want of success, instead of damp-
ing their zeal, ought to be the means of urging them
again to prepare a Petition, and again to present it to
' Parliament.

Mr. POWNALL took that opportunity of urging the
meeting to continue in the course they had already pur-
sued. Unless they persevered, as Christians and as men,
to call the attention of the Parliament and the public

to the subject, nothing would be done. They had not
met on that occasion to propose any new system of
measures, they had not met to originate any novel ex-
periments, or to try how freshly introduced ideas might
he brought to bear : neither had they met to petition
Parliament to mitigate the condition of the slaves: it
was not, as it was once, to mitigation and amelioration
that they were looking, though no one could be hap-
pier than they should be to hear that such an event was
likely to take place—no, it was not for any of these
purposes that they had assembled on the present occa•
sion : they bad met to ask Parliament for the abolition
of slavery, and not for its mere mitigation—to ask it to
lay the axe to the root, and to destroy the whole system
of inhumanity from beginning to end. In 1792, Mr.
Dundas, who was the apologist of the planters, said,
" Only leave things as they are at present ; only give
the planters till January, 1800, and thenceforth every
individual born in the West Indies shall be free .7 Un-
less they came back to the first principle of eternal and.
immutable justice, they might continue discussing the
question year after year, but eternity would arrive be-
fore alteration took place—(Applause). He was glad,
theiefore, that the Anti. Slavery Society had quitted its
former narrow ground of mitigation, and now came
to the broad principle of insisting on entire emancipa-
tion—(Applause).
All the resolutions were agreed to. Thanks were
voted to the Chairman, and the Meeting separated.

The Palace at Richmond, though the prison of Queen
ELIZABaTH during thereign of her sister Many, strange
to say, became during her own reign her favourite re
sidence. and the place where she both lived and died.
A packet lately arrived in this port from New York
with 87,478 dollars on board, and as almost all the
vessels on that station return laden with specie, politi-
cians look upon the fact as a proof that very little
business has been transacted in any port of the Union
during the year.—Havre Paper.
ELopialater.—An event of this kind has recently
occurred in this vicinity, which has plunged an honour-
able and worthy individual into a state of the deepest
distress. On Tuesday last, Mrs. W—, wife of T.
W—, Esq. a Gentleman of great respectability and
fortune, and a Magistrate, in the temporary absence of
her husband, who was engaged in his public duties at
our County Sessions, eloped from their residence at
Cheltenham, in a carriage and four, accompanied by
Mr. B—t, a friend of Mr. W.'s, and who took this
method of requiting a long continued series of hospi-
table attention ! The agony of the injured husband may
be better conceived than described, especially as, during
a union of fifteen years, the most devoted attachment
on his part seemed to be reciprocally felt on that of his
wife. The connections of the gallant are resident in
London.--Gloucester Journal. _ _

A singular circumstance lately occurred at the Goose-
pool, Herefordshire, without parallci, we believe, in the
memories of our oldest sporting friends. A hen be-
longing to a person there made ber nest in a wheat
field, and in due time brought home a brood of chickens,
one of which puzzled all the knowledge of ornithology
of her owner, who, however, was unfortunately in-
duced, owing to the singular noise the bird made at
night, to destroy it, but not before it had ken nicer,
rained that the strange chick was a landrail ; and doubt-
less an egg of that remarkably shy bird had been de-
posited in the nest of the hen which had batched. aid
probably would have reared it, if permitted to have
done so..—Bath Herald.

A meeting took place on Friday last, between
RICHARD Pimarts, Esq. of Park•street, a West Indian,•
descendant of one of the ancient settlers in the island,
and Captain HUTCHINSON, late of the 47th Regiment,
attended by Hzsconz, Esq. surgeon, and Major
HORNSR, the friend of Captain HUTCHINSON. The
rendezvous was at Gloucester-gate. Regent's-park, from
whence they proceeded to Chalk Farm; but several
stragglers observing them, they deployed, and after a
tedious march found a convenient spot on Hampstead-
heath, near the ponds. Here the ground was measured,
and the distance taken of 12 paces: the combatants
pulled off their coats. The word being given by Major
Hoanza" Gentlemen, present-6re, —the ball of
Captain HUTCHINSON brushed the hat of Mr. PETERS,
who, aiming low. no mischief ensued, when the seconds
interposed and affected a reconciliation.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
TATTERSALL'S.
The room yesterday was respectably attended, and the betting
toleratly brisk. The Oaks is likely to be a good betting race. the
Ikid being already larger than usual, and the fillies supposed to be
the finest OA, lot seen at Newmarket for many years. Lord
Exeter's two keep at the head of the list ; and being strong, fast
mares, and good public runners, they are likely to continue 50. The
King's Electress colt and Mr. Hunter's Canvas colt were In re.
dum fur the Derby, the betting for which generally was rather
ull. The odds closed thus—
Dram
111 to 1 agst Eepagnolle colt
20 to 1 agst Brother to Semi
2S to 1 apt Brother to Notes
sotto 1 apt Brother to Refacing!
30 tol apt Mona colt

11 to I agst Cant
14 to / agst Will o'th' Wisp
15 to I apt Electrees colt
15 to 1 apt Canvas colt
18 to I apt Prince Eugene

It to 1 apt Green Mantle
9 to 1 apt Varna
10 to 1 apt Ciotti&
14 to 1 eget Fancy

to to 1 apt Marrafield Ally
16 to 1 apt Sorcery WI
la to 1 apt Quadrille
20 to 1 apt Canary

12 to 1 apt Cant I 13 to 1 apt Vokaire
On the first day of the Newmarket Houghton Meeting (Mosey
nest), the following Matches will take place—
Mr. Pettit's Rough Robin, Ist 71b. against Mr. Beardswertifo
L'Estelle, 8,t.-for 210, hR.
Mr. Payne's Multi. against Lord Tavistock's Warlock, Set 56
each, for 200, h ft.
Mr. Payne's Shakipeue, list. against Lord Sefton% Bobadills,
7st 121 b. for 200, h ft.
Mr. Delme Radcliffe's neer de Us, list sib. against Mr. Payees
Belzoni, Set alb. for NO.
Lord Ezeter's g by Filho, Ist 31b. against Lord Tavlsteck's
Rosetta. Sm. for 100,k ft.
The Duke of Portland's Carthtudan. Sat sib. against Lord Battles
Serenade, ast 41b. for 100, Is ft.
Mr. Weatherley's Tokay, au 1211). against Colossi Wilson% gr
by Young Gohanna,7st 10th. for 50 sows.
The Dyke of Redsod's Cadland rec. 200 sows. R. from. Mr.
ThonMiffs Merchant, Sit 71b each, for 1000 sots. is ft.
Oa the second day of the same Meeting—
Mr. Payne's c by Walton, against Lord Tavistoek's Lepanto, Sit
51b each, for 200, h ft.
On the fourth day (Thursday)—
The Duke of Richmond's Gulnare, against Mr. Thornhill's Mer.
chant, sat fib each, for 300, Is fc.
Mr. Payee's Belzoni, sat against Lord Wilton's Goshawk,
Sst 71b. for TOO, b ft.
CALEDONIAN HUNT AND EDINBURGH RACES.
OcTosis

The Caledonian St. Leger Stakes of 2S sm. each, p.p. with 100
soya. added by the Hunt, for three yr ells; colts, Sat 2111; fillies,
list. One mile and a half.
Mr. Baird's b f Queen Elisabeth ... ... ... 1
Lord Ketisume's b f by Maddock .. ... _
Mr. Dowbiuiu's b c Nevada 004 •••
Mr. Burt's b fby Maddock ... «.
Mr. Dawson's b e by Champignon ••• ...
A good race—sod won by half a length.
So Caledonian Cup, value 103 sews. for Scads bred horses ; three
pc olds, 6st inns ; four, Bat ; five, bit 71b ; six, and aged, sat 101 b.
Mares, /cc. allowed 21b. Three miles.
Sir W. Maxwell's gr c Spaclassin, 5 yrs
Mr. Hokin) b c Dominic Skelp .
Colonel Blair's b f Mary ...
Sir James &wren b e by Cbampignon
Sir J. H. Maxwell's cb b Springtal, aged
Woo easy.

... 4
... S

... s
... o
... o
... o

A Plate of 50 sows. by the Member for the City of Edinburgh ;
tbree yr old., est 61b; four, 7st Sib ; five, wt Sib ; sit, sad aged,
•st Sib. Mares, &c. allowed 3lb. Three mile heats.
Mr. Aruistrvog'i b g Cbarik, 4 yrs ... ... 1 0 1
Mr. Whyte Melviiie's be h Crafty, 5 yrs ... ... 2 0 3
Mr. Davidson's b h Crontarty, 5 yrs ... ... 0 1 0
.Sir C. Monk's bl c • Illacklock,s yrs ... .. 09 0

by
Mr. Edward's bf by Tramp, 3 yrs ... U 0
Lord Ekbo's 6 h Conjuror, syn • • ... S dr
Charlie won the first beat only by half a bead. and the last b,
barely a length. Conjuror bait a blood vessel near the dew of
the first heat, and of course did not start again.
A Purse of SO rive. given by the Hunt, added to a subscription of
10 sows. each. Four Subscribers. To be paid to the Secretary ea
the day of entry. Two yr olds, 54 10st ; three, 7st Sib; fonts
fist 51h; five, est nib; sir. and aged, est. Two Wks.
Lord Keiburne's ch It Actwon. 6 yrs ••• ... 1
Mr. Baird's b f Opera Elizabeth, 5 yrs ... ••• ... I
A capital race, and gained by about a neck.
The sport, upon the whole, was superior to that of the preceding
days • the attendance at the course was not nearly so great as Si
Wednesday. The grand stand was, however, thronged with
-1-.adles; amongst whom we observed the Viscount's' Melville, bat
his Lordahfp was prevented by indisposition from being present.
In the afternoon there was a numerous meeting of 6e Host and
their friends, at the ordinary, ( Waterloo Tavern). His Grace the
Duke of Buccleuch presided, basing en his right the Lord Provost,
and the Earl of Dalhousie, and on his left Lord Blantyre and the
Earl of Lauderdale. Lord Riche and Mr. Whyte Melville were
the croupiers. After dinner the Hunt visited the Theatre Royal,
where an unusually crowded, brilliant, and fashisioable audience
was assembled to receive them.
Fame".
A Sweepstakes of 56 sows. each, ► ft. for two 1r aids ; colts, Sat 3111;
Week eat. One mile.
Mr. Giintoor's ch f by Dr. Syntaz
Mr. Baird's bl c by Fits-Orville
When the horses were brought to the starting post, Fits.OrviSe
became restive, and no exertions could make him start, although It
was attempted by more than one ride. Mr. Gilmour's filly in cat-
sequence walked the course.
Has Majesty's Purse of 105 sows. granted to the Hunt for any
bone, &c. Three yr olds, est 714; tour, Est 41b; five, Est 106;
six, and aged, lOst. Four miles.
Lord Igelburne's.ch la Actaeon, 6 yrs ..
General ShiFpe's eb cDiakek, 4.yrs

Sir J. H. Maiweirs cis b Spriugkell, aged
A good race, but woo bur.
Maid*.

... i
... s
- s

Mr. Gilopoor's b g Grosvenor •"
Hoo. Captain thodUmurs din Lolly Batty

... t
.. I

Sweepstakes of 5 one. each, with so son. added by mbecrip.
lion, for the beano bones of the first three days. Three yr olds
fist 12Ib ; four, ea; Ave, Set 10lb; dx. and aged, tit 21b.
he. allowed Mb. Heats once mod and a distance.
Mr. Baird's b g Domini, Skelp, 4 yrs ••
Mr. Maitland's b g The Major, I yrs •••
Mr. Edward's b f by Tramp,s yn •••
Sir C. Moock's bl c by Blacklist*, S yrs •••
An excellent race.—Woo elevetip.
Match for 100 Kos. Gentlemen riders. Once round end a dhunee.
Mr. Shaw Stewart of Lochnagar's ch mby Filbo ... 0 1
Sir W. Maxwell's gr g Viscount Aleldon 0 2
This was the most interesting race of the day;Cise Ant being de.
dared by the Judges a dead heat, although the general opinion of
byestaaden seemed to be that oclinagar's mare gained by a few
inches. The second beat was also keenly contested, and the mars
wen by only about a neck.
The Hunt turned out today Is good style, and the stand was as
nand Ned with fashionable,. 'Malik there were fewer spectators
mit the gated than on any of the preceding daya. Upon the whole,
de indeed the week have exdtsd mere interest than those of say
messes since the formation of At Musselhargh Coarse. lo the
apestmenta under the Grand Stand, refreshments of all sorts were
providsd. and gave general satisfaction. The booths for entertain.
meat es the ground were also more numerous than formerly. sad
the usual semagoninients of &owe, round.aboota. up-and-dowse.
&c. were net wades.
The Ordinary at the Witted., Tavern was well attended, sod
the ammentents el the week ended with a grand bait in the As.
usably Rees" width was attended by almost aY the fashionable,
in town, and auwocrowded than that of Tuesday reedits last.—
Among the ostahlm pruseat we observed, his Grace the Dam of
Buccleuch, the Rsrf and Countess of Dalhousie, the Bad and
Countess of Roseberry, Lord and Lady Torphkben, Lard Ekbe.
Lord Robert ILer, Honourable Charles Douglas, Sir David and
Lady Kinloch, Sir 1). Meacrisie, Sir R. W. O'Callaghan, Has.
Mrs. and Mimeos Norton, Captain Pluckiest*, he.
CALEDONIAN HUNT.

. 1 1
... I 3

... 0 I
... ode

Yeeterday, after tb; Sues, a Mak took place to supply tbe tire
vacancies occasioned by the death of the late Mr. Baird of New-
bytb, and the Hon. General amides Mope, Miss W. F. C.arapbells
Bs+ of Islay. and John Campbell. Zel. of Ohmoddel, were elected
members of the Hunt.

THE FANCY.

Tharsday, there was a beziertaatch at Weetcralsa, bailees*
Mn. DPICay of Glasgow, sod Paul Spencer et Dahlia. foe SOga.
a-aide. which was wee by the fanner after a swan light of tWnr•
two edema.

CRICKET.
A snatch was played last week at Adey HMIs the North Rid-
ing at Yorkshire, between the Ceche:um Oak and the Milted
Players tiderateb sad Kirby Flacam. Caked Players were
freelphsaked at 7 to 4. but the kw Gelding sad bindles all the
Cockatoo seas turned the seals of the pus, sad they was eft
sewn wickets to to down.
