• ' . • ..) ~..../..• ~..
F. (-,,, .. .• •, , • 4t) ',.:
. 64 *!Y'.
.a.. '4' • ,11.4' :.,:: yliii,Vl la :_,l •- • ..gailij4 rvi.u..'• .' .
.. ;• • , y: 1 -.
F.•
' -.1 /..i•, : 7':-"..7::. l.4*""-"'" b -
—0514460:r ^ t
-• I or,: ,„ ~,,,,,,si,:rs„.• ...t ..,,, •.. -. :2 1,, , I•, .c .f,,.. -4„ -,3 „.,....,,,t . • •
...,. ....
. • „, ~,...• s
. -
111C411/4 TA/A;
•la Nil 1
• 2.\ ,
. •- _
ci ,r,-, ..7,, , . _ ..7 , I
..,,•• , . . . .... • •
....ir pg, s• • ,0 .. . * ,i. .. .. •••,-,
-s •-•.• i,,,:„. ..:,.... 2. - s.t _,,,,,,„....• .: ~..„;:t - . . . ..t, . .
nl. . - -
~,X,' • ...-
~. . i
IMMWS ..1..

AtMING7IUMMI,IIW:

• 4

.

linsition
•
LOOKING 011111:110 FURNITURE WAREHOUSE,
VAMILIES Purchasing will find, at the above
S.: Establishment, the most extensive and Fashionable. Assort-
ment of Warranted Ankles of the undermentioned description, at
Prices decidedly Moderate, viz.
Ur:townie, Looms els,asiss,
CANINES WORN CA UT= best Quaky,
CRAMS and CoOcuas, Casella mid Oluinto,
PAM& limmumas, Simms Reassume.
11.1.. COOPKR has the honour of being, employed by the first
, /bailee in the Kiegdoes, and for Style and Price challenges com-
mit\ any respectable Establishment.
House Agent, Auctioneer, and Appraiser, 95,
11/Rhin, London.

OENCR .PAPERIL

'tier,. are • left to thirroselsoi, 'without' .try cetYsits lime.
tiea, without tried pilots:' The Mohbechs 'minas* egad.
rin age, in pewet,itr, theme's, oPettshihing servants to
themselves, arc redocecl. to' solicit thew. • ' W bat ir diffe-
soace between the putt and.the preseet:' Sittie the death
"of Mr. Canning, the English Cabinet ievaraiittempty
—: or fullwithoat real' life; Although net without h cos.
,ionvery ration; . ands a' power of ' ciicomitincem Siete
'theeectioncthete Asthma a real dettoWinr tbieldioistens.
,and dissolution in the Cabinet. In France andifolloga•
land the Monarchs come to the opening Of driCbeasbits
'without tried servanti capable of *Mall ing the MAN&
Their noviciate begins when the most consummate tape—
tience svo,l ld be sr street yetju alto thowents ofetsd'eceatry..
But what marks the similarity betweets the tool colsew
WM' most is the Peerage.. in,Engleedithe Amager
does' every thing •sguiest itself ; in Frante, every shies
is doneagaittst the Peerage. In F.tiglisnti, she Footage
opposes the Throne ; in 'France. the Gnveranwot • saps
the foundation of the Peerage. In Eogland,the Peerage •
matches the Power from the Sovereign ; in France, the'
Crovernosent Makes the Peerage an instrUment ofi
Pester in' dificUlty.. In both cases there is vo coma: t
delusion for the nature of the Peerage, fbr its, dignity, ,
ant Ito object. Variety is its essence I mohliply gold and
diatoms* mid roe *gm* OM. 4.101, thew
Arietecracy,' falling back in the citricr of eivilisetion,
epposes the emancipation- of the -Cathtilies f the•Prinee
and the people desire At no matter, the, Aristocracy do
not choose it. Twentriix Bishop Item the possessors
of Cathniic.property ; Ta'ttreaT nuotheo °faintish •and '
Irish Poets, • rich in ecclesiastical: tonfiscatiows,refoso
that emancipation of shkh they Make a quadrat of •
property, instead of ciiiihurtiort and national power.—
Proprietro s of a part of the soil, they fear to reduce the •
price of their produce, sad their patriotism does not ex.
teed-the market price of Corn: :What name could. we
Rite to the French Chandra of Pion- after what the
Ministry has made of it ?t, In Enfilade, since the Imes.
'ion of the House of Brunswick 'the Aristocracy of
Eagland have regarded the derma.... of public affairs,
as an inheritance. This they enjoyed until the time of
Lord Bute, when ho eodeavoorid to free the Crown
from such an influence. After a ort 'tutees he yielded.
Mr. Cumin, following the tystessof Losd-Sute, wished
to reduce the Aristocraticat rower. Pis death siterned
the road for the Engliih Aristocracy. Itliai again seized
its pief, nil& witr not quit it till'airmisfortithei have
occurred. It will sacrifice both giog and Country, as
it fears only one sacrifice—that which will affect itself.
The Aristiscricy 4uns the risk of separating the Govern.
men' from the people ; it revives the dead factions of
f, Wiiiise and ii Tories; it restores the fatal contestsof
the patriciate and the plebeian • pOwer. Fernier!), ik,ey ,
were confined td the Foram of 'Rome and 'Atheos,-be•
tureen 'attire* Men of those tintes'of slavery; but noW
the Forum is the whole world, and the patrician Payee '
contains the whole bonito, race. . • • '-. • '

T-410•—
FROM Tni-tie, ii4rifeisii iIIANCH6 4Alf. 29.
' • PATH& :mem
We received letters from Vienna of the lath.- ows
19th January, which say —" Immediately after slm
news of the change in the British Ministry had beat
received at Vienna, an Inglish'eouriev bierighi the ra-
tification by the Omit or London of the Sdppletnent
to the Treaty of Landorc which was conclude& on. the
21st DeCember, between the three Courts of Frans*,
Russia, and England. !
" The Prince of Hesse Homburg is preparing to ge
to Galicia.
44 News has been "received kohl the frontiers-C:4'Kit';
sia, that the Polish army-is in fall march fewer*• i.
southern frontier.
" It is said that General Wittgenstein has been creat-
ed Field Marshall, and that the army of Bessarabia has
received the name of the army of Moldavia."
The Austrian • Observer gives an article 'frdm Con;
stantinople, of December 27, which developes the mea-
sures taken by the Ottoman. Porte to ensure the tran-
quillity of the capital. After the departnre of the Am-
bassadors, sorts! of the most considerable merchants of
the three nations vrere.ilioseri CO represeni such Of their
countrymen as intended to' tertiiiih heti, iiiiecoivintre
their Inciters. A list of all these person! •has been
made out, and another of the vessels of the three nations
now in the port.
Great numbers of Agars, or Commanders of Districts,
have lately arrived in the capital, where they are pre-
sented to the Grand Vizier ant' the Ministers' invested
with robes of honour, and sent home, after having re-
ceived instructions. Detachments of regular troops
continue to be sent to the fortresses malice Danube, and
of artillery to the Dardanelles.
• 'Tile Vice Adaiirid, fithir 'Pacha, has been sent hi-
then to saperintend the measures of defence, and per
haps to command the ships of war.
v., .c..
Great preparations are making in the arsenal. T
seventy-four gun ships and a thirty-sx gun frigate have
just sheen fitted out at Beachiklasch, and several other
men of war are fittiag out with all expedition.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dsc. SO.
The Convocation of the Notables of the Empinkwhict.
was resolved upon in the month of Not;. begins to be
:carried into effect.
Messengers daily arrive from the provinces,•wbo pre-
sent themselves at the gates Of the Palace. It appears
that the Sultan-means to take adfantage of theietours-
eils. The corn, which Furs heal taken by the Turkish.
Government from the Europeackmerchants. has been,
.paid for in the new coin, Which already stiffers a coo-
sidereble depreciation, the elect 'et Which ii' generally
meravourable.
A Erman of the Sultan orders all the Mossulmen
from the age of 19 to 60, to be ready to take up arms.
—Tahir Pacha has been sent with 234,000 men to the
Hellespont.
It is affirmed that the army an the Danube amounts
to 80,000 men. No doubt is entertained of the depar-
lore of the Sultan for Adrianople t and the consequencesl
of this measure are dreaded, because it pethaps may,
hot be easy to keep the people in check during his
ithsence.
'A line of telegraphs, Organised by European agentsv
his been established on the Adriatic coast of-the Hellos'
ipont, as far as Smyrna.
The Sultan seconds all the preparations with greet
'energy, and has not for a moment deviated from Isis,
character.
FROM THE CONSTITUTIONNEL OF MONDAY.
' PARIS. Jan. 2S.
. AFFAIRS OF Gnexce.--.-A•lettei from Nilo, dated the
25th of December, states, that Ibrahim Pacha has
•eitniplPed*fleet of fihy-ituti vessels, among which are a
vessil'hr the line, six fi igates, 'and ted koriettet. This
cisivoy set opt: for AleselMdrie orwarditlie ehd•cifiDee.
with a n tuber of Greeks',Of ell ages.oli board. .
Ibrahi . remained with • 15,000 urger
,troops, and
ula
eoliths his devastations in the Alpaca, while the
Grit-11,-0n baud ti'n?inber Of sta.& vessels hive turned
(tilt* as the -source of sottaitarg 'the Means of
etistentei- .- Oar- naeal fiorees are in a terry delicate situ a.
harthi-the .Commanders which produces great irreso-
Intion,,particularly with respect to the Austrian vessels.
'Austria continues to persuade the Porte, that, by gaining
linie, tRe AllietrPowers will ind'by disagreeing, which
Will supply the means of preparing' an 'obstinate re-
sistance. We are also assured, that great activity is ma.
!greeted et Constantinople. and that the Grand Signior
!is on:lonsebech a part. of the day to observe the inept.
rations for war. which he has commenced.
VtliklicA..he. fe.--(Psivare Liens.)
- At Smyrna thellothistitkiirerSimeth had Seized some
time since, under colour of purchase, all thecloth in the
levelmosorof.the Fiench merchants,. with the solemn
promise thettheprice should be paid towards the end
Of ibelistyeir The time hating elapsed; apliCation
,for payment-was made to the 'Nam, but he pbsiiively
'refuted; stating, at the same time,' that this was not the
moment for such demands. He would not even fix any
period when they might five to obtain the liquidation
•of their claims. Their amount must be considerable, it
'we may judge by that of one merchant,' which is
360.000 Turkish piastre,.
The sudden disappearance of the Court jeweller has
created a very lively sensation is this capital.. We gee
assured that be has, taken with itim to the value of be-
tween five and seven millions. of florins. ID. dias mds
and other jewel's-of the crown;wticii hid been gi4eis to
hiin for the pirrposenf emnpleitiik theft/1161T
BARCELONA,' JAIL Is: —(Pasvaiat .
•
The change of. the French Ministry is . tha.tispic of
conversation in,,all ttrpolitical ca:ries which have been
iermed since the missal Of the . - if. 'lt ii father re-
thaikahle, that since the • altitnirllWs hien kiloton here
the Count d'fispignis has is .some:liegree moderated
his rigour. . ..! .. . : 1.. '• ; . . .
M. Calonsatcle:hea press nth e, Report to .the King,
in which he minims the grArivation of almost ill the
personsin the seiifie ot4t itoiernment in Catalonia,
*at aceotispileas Ili Cheiiioh.' As many of these persons
enjoy great tilleOliti they have not only Managed to pa-
ralyse the effects of the Report, which the King has,
kept withoutsiajng ant answer to it, but it maybe
possible that this affair will have the effect of termi-
nating the Ministerial career of 'M. Caloinsides‘ i
tram THSCOOSSISIS•IMMICAS OF MONDAY.
* : 1 4miyis JO' Pl' ..% - .
SR AND IitIRCH FRISIACIJS.
1 " What:ii: inidgiertjAlisile:'halse England and Prince.
liethlY Piiicintlidi'ihd• itiltireientl ' The twe first em.
Pirnif thi4rtitid, *clod pivot s of ' bonen cardsza•

_

DOCTOR SOLOMON'S CORDIAL BALM. of
G!LEA D is a preierver and teittorer of heakh to the Weak,
the Sickly, and Infirm. Its warm and renovating quality, indis-
'petebly renders it the best Medicine for Relaxations, Dehility,•
ILateihudi, Tremors, Sinking of the $, irks, and all those Nervous
'Affections which harass and oppress the Weak, the Sedentary, and
the Delicate; it warms and steadies the cold and tremulous Nerves,
InilgUrates die muscular system, animates the Spirits, and restores
kb, circulation to a healthful stare.

Those persons.viho have become victims to a delusive habit, ges
neraity learnt at great schools, and who are now experiencing its
fatal consequences in lossilOy and mental languor, sexual weakness,
and inaptitude for the boldness of life, may securely resort to this
remedy with the happiest prospect of complete relief.
Er The genuiee Medicine. is prepared at Gilead house, sear
Liverpq9; Where the Five Pmind Cases mist/ he.had as heretofore.
br lofiftwenic,* cimshin; htr. Singer, 150, Ox
told-street; Mr. Ward, Holborn; Mr. Stradling, Itoyarkscharige,
nd all other Medicine Vendr.rs, its bouleaat 1 Is. each, and family
putties. containing the quantity of four small ones. for 335.
Of WhiniiMay ire had,—the ANTI-IMPETIGINTS, or SO-
IIN/ON7B DRarc OPS.—I-They an effectual Core for such di.-
ia as on in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate
Eruptions % Undue Evacuations. Chronic Itheiiinatism, .and the
Conseqeences of Iheidicius-biseases.
It is 'Mild, lafe, sad effectual remedy, and the best sub-
' stitute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral Msrcury. It
is equally well adapted to boils sexes and all ages. There are few
families in which its writ utility does not admit of easy proof, is
i purifier or the blood, and a promoter of the natural secretions.
Illustrations of the Aut.* of the Cordial Balm Af Gilead, and
4f the Anri.lmpetiginesj are given in the Guide to Health. which-
Aso contains much finertisting informatics on Health and Disease,
particularly on the °right aiid treatment of such disorders as result
from iniprudence and faskleArable hitt-es
• Sold in battles price 4;a. acid 33.. each. Observe. 0 Sand.
flotomoss, Liverpool," is engiated on the Government Stamp
affixed tweeds bottle.
I The Vivo Wood Cases May be had at Gilead-h./se, m heretofore.

•• • ' • ASS'S NORR&- •
Hostinent pagina post,* spit.
• i.,, OW Pate Watt* to than.--Maeztar.

- -
inst,pulaliehed, Kicm:Ss. in boards, Sixteenth Elitien,
1. 'HE JEGIS of LIFE; a Non-Medical Commen-
..
tail on the indiscretions arising from Human 'Why. in
the Giants, SYmptoota, and :baneful Effocts of hues Vo:.1
Gonortba 41k.s, Stricture, Seminal Weakness, &c. are fully
ireloped ; Part 11. embraces Practical Observations on Sand
"Debility, Self-Abuse, and Mentaflukation, With some interesting
Observations tisrartl;ptable and Animal Life; in Part UL is a
Series of Casts Illitstrative of the preceding subjects. explaining
them in a familiar 'manner..—By GOSS and Co. Consulting Sur-
pone, London.
Nature beatis
Omnibus esse dedit, Si quis cootoverit uti.—CLauutsm
Since HU:IM to all the fund of bliss supplies,

SMYRNA, Dic:iq:

' i -

Its frugal application marks the wise.
Hvagratrils letlical Analysis of softie Cotnptaints Inci-
dental to Fem.:les, inwhich are offered some important adnroni-
pone on she peculiar debilities attending their circumstances, sym-
pathies, and formation. The subject of Sterility is especially dwelt
prpeng 'lniertsting and important calico illustrate the. subject.
Quo fugit Venus? Hen ! (pose Color deco .s.
for. Lib. 4. Od. 12.
Whither flies Love? Ah! where the charming bloom?
The above may be had of Sherwood, Gilbert, and Piper. 20, Pa-
ternoster-row ; C.Cliapple,s9, Pan- mall ; S. W. Fonts, 41, Piccadilly;
tallow and Willie's, 16, Princes-sweet corner of Gerrard-street,
Soho; T. and G. Underwood, 7,2, Fleet-street; Wesley and Son,
174, Fleet-street; Onwhyn, 4, Catherine-street, Strand, London;
Matchett and Stevenson, Burks and Kinnebrook, Norwich;' R.
Deck, Ipswich; 1/utton, Bury St. Edmund's ; Sheppard, Corn-
street, Bristol ; Barratt and DuSeld, Bath ; Hatt, Cambridge ;
Todd, Nitrate, Leeds ' • Wrightson, Birmingham • Trewman,
Exeter ; Wol.tenholme, York ; Gore, Liverpool; darn", Man-
chester; M'l'hun, 155, Trongate, Glasgow; 9, Calton-street,
Elinburgh;• Porter, 72,* Grafton street, Dublin ; and by all Book-
'sel-rs—{Price 55.)
Messrs. Goss and Co. are to be consulted, as usual, every day, at
their house; and Patients in the country are requested to describe
Minutely ike case, enclosing a remittance for Advice and Medicine,
'which can be forwarded to any part of the world.
GOSS end Co. Si 11.0 Surgersno, No.ll,
etreet, London.

PIIVATC COINESPOWIEUCE.
• On the motedng of the Bth • 'inst. the British Cbm32l,
Mt: WertY; Sent a at calm' to the English residents %Ibis
plate; ielsk6iting item to state its writing, Whether they
had secured pas Ages, and on board el what 'vessels-they
intendedro embark. This *note excited• some alarm at
the mousiest; for though We have been living here for.
these last six weeks in a most unpleasant state of tower-
tainty, yet, from the undisturbed tranquillity that .hop
reigned,' and the pacific demeanotir of the Turks, agar
the habit of seeing, day after day, week fitter weekdolies*
without any Crisis, we had almost begun to cOnteMplaite
the probability of our being obliged to flee as Tatty re-
mote, and to indulge the hope that we should be left
here in peace. Mr. Werry, however, explained to some
Gentlemen who waited on him, that he had drawn up
the eittulisr merely, sM a prechutionary measn(e, it being
his duty to ssee trial bitty British subject had the Means
Of retreating, if retreat be necessary; that the letter he
bad j usrreciived fried the 'A titbit stadors _at Constanti.
itople math, stated (Whitt hd had known for 'ossnly days)
'that the Ministers df the.thtsteAlliea' Powell had de-
minded their passports; 'that' tha-Porte had' leftist&
'them, unless they gave on• theii part a positive cleat-
ration-of war ; that they would quit the Capital *bra
they could—in shoit, that niittevs were just ae theywremi
ten day' before.
' There are four vessels of war (French andignitiairit
the entrance of the ifellespont, waiting for the Aim.
bassadors, but how their Eicellencies are to reacKtliellet.
would be somewhat difficult to divine, hi not 'teat
their passports aVe refused', but the Turkish Gollob.,
mein 'again withholds its firmans; (though no renewal
of the embargo has been declared), and -consequently
no vessel can leave the port of Constantinople. An it.
tempt to retire by land would be accompanied. by very
'great, if not insurmountable difficulties.
The Turkish Government also refused firmans (when
'they were given snme 20 days back to the vessels of
other nations in the same predicament) to all the Ass-
Itrian merchantmen laden with corn from the 'Neck
Sea, because the Austrian Deputies refuse to fulfil a
contract they have with the 'Government, no furnish
SO;000 kilos of torn at the 'pride of eight piastres the
kilo ; a .price which the Austrians sow find would leave
them gar eit losers. .• .
According to the Speetaleur Oriental, the Grand
Seignior has called ou the Caordes, a widely scattered
ltioraade populatien of the Turkish empire, for a contin-
gent force of one hundred ihousand wets of cavalry 1 The
number is imposing no doubt, best •4 will they come
when he does call them r.
From the 28th to the SOth not less than forty Tartars
were dispatthed 6y the Government from Constanti-
nople, to different points of the empire. It is well
Imperil that for'soma time the Sultan has bees calrsag
around Many of the rich and influential of Isis subject:.
resident is the different provinces of his wide domi.
airs,' but if we are to place faith in the gyettAteur
Winter,: he has pOsitively ()Meted a genetat assembly
of the Grandees, which thw 'Worthy Editbr tabs.: to
itsselnblee des Nektbks (this; by the bye, ought: to be an
ill sounding word,. tu..t Frensimap, who knows any
thing of the history of 'the revolution of his own coun-
try), and he opens to himself *a brilliant plespeetiie of
imPortant'eliintsges in the interior organization of the
the. ettotnutt Eiirpirer *tiding, Usepposetie a.free and
representatiswatketnessent I. 'We live.in image Lissy
it is cattain—titglish-oelon-lavade the purity of tte
Ftericli•Theafre, witheet being pelted-vita three sous
navallifrmers-atut beoarnatarttfficers
dittitOptt"-gralkfani4alo -aria* fight togllbPr ~and
render honour to siidagsbert wbilo, honest Jiisiiiiiscre7
