1. Di

DARING

—......,.. .
. ~ . .
About deter eels* yestetisy tasesisi, a pay et .es sad bays,
sestainb,
abastNo is sad prialpallytinesed as assass, posed tbsesilt.
ate W la as &vowel pulps. ofiponstage petl.
this es tie Ler& et she , payleg site ishas et wain
these etfeWagssi lapessesest.,V
V:: tbs.7ltlita sisaJeak; al Idi &fa the leiffil mollify ki
for =through *lkea ao brag Las a the Aliasity, as
• was aassissil, bat that they seeM "ON Myths •
asissiately
_atter asamplishai Os sessedba objut he wish Ahoy
lisi asseabisa t a essamace, as ears mastless were taboo by the
Cl:Asa& gawk lama, a lardMieset spit gar smslesami
arb. Is miss duet* laitreast they asepiel is test st
sack asteersive brika's Asa, pa soma cheers, sal time thasadol
lasi.. Base at .as nob sae boat to oat as "'fowl or New P.
la sway Imam is Ism ase they asseadsd la gobs; breed gives es
this&
Iletpast Ptah* asl.s he of the 1". &dohs of gait* she we. fa-
ifffin *sat bllslisisesz?tysltssit dm, bat were &Ina • tam wag
iselively by desk hi itsabas, sed the letwedeed *kit iii- '
Elsysi by its assaiseri Is sink eassratios et thesis pater.
...__:_tilli e=ll7 ths=.llr.Masse, 0 babei, la Gast ileeem.strest, .
'mar Of wag an ity a reassi,' they sasehat toe et the
ebsparladows, sad ford* peereired shesselgesetibese lams *sass - •
Tawas) Tile asses et ibis saw ate laws) shred by Ste Pesulkosti .
his pay, bat: sews, at '
their peeiseleeess, sad aloe
'Ws* Otals,, Ike Rep ,s, . let. dies la, A.viablegt me
asap vas searstasi at the et Mr. Almada is Ihibtat.
Tat ask, es at
by thr y Osuaday by Oars lastiesse ell
tuna send sod lima at sorb asrlita tire PA% Walla, INessatellls .44
M pear * haw ths• say farther.
The tab vs imillseseed as bare Whined doest 1114 Park; Olt ll'
these is seas to believe, was, is a Wog paprtat,teselpetra at rep.
tar Mews. . .

I

-

~,

‘iillr{MFltr,C7

PRICK ov %Ili* KS AT FOUR O'CLOCK.
Kink Steels, 208 21 India Stock.
per Cent. Red. 311 1 India Reads 13
3 per et. Cons. 801 Bes Stock 911 901
34 pet Ct. lets. 901 w
14 per Ct. Red. 001 90 .ClOOO Rath. 8111a391 32
31 per Cent. New, 891 1 1 Dim 33 32
I per Ct. 1526, 901 1 RlOO and .8900 On. 33 32
Long Ann. Jan. 1880, 17 346 Advertised
Dw Oct. 1259 India for Aect.
Dia July Jan. 1880 181 Cone. far Ace. 801 1 1

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28.

A Cabinet Council was held this afternoon at the Foreign
Office, which was attended by the LORD CHANCELLOR,
FA►l GREY, Viscount .M az.nouaa z, Viscount PALMER-
%TON, Viscount GoDICRICH, Viscount A LTHORrs, Lord
HOLLAND, the Right Hon. C. GRANT, and Sir JAMES
GRAIIAM.

There are letters received to-day from Madrid, which re-
present the Councils of FERDINAI(D to be a little per-
plexed, between the conflicting tutorage of Russia and
Austria, on one side, recommending a strict adherence to
the doctrine of legitimacy ; and Great Britain and France,
on the other side, recommending conformity with the spirit
of the age. No fact of importance is mentioned.

The dearth of Continental intelligence which has distind
Oohed the last three days, is to-day succeeded by a sur-
plus, beyond what time and space hardly affords the possi-
bility of properly selecting from, and condensing. —The
French Papers afford, as usual, much on all the sub-
jects at present under discussion in the political circles of En-
repe ; but add very few facts to those already known. There is
evidently a large party in France, including several men of
established character and influence, who disapprove of the
present diplomacy of the French government regarding Bel-
gium and Poland. In the Chamber of Deputies, in the
sitting of the 24th inst. M. MAcotrrx gave notice, that on
a proximate day, he would call upon the Ministers for expla-
nation, relative to the affairs of Poland and Belgium. It will
likewise be seen, by an extract which we give below, in
our exclusive foreign matter, that the Polish Committee are
proceeding, with great energy ; and that it includes not only
General LAFAYETTE, but other men of ability and talent.
The public sentiment, judging from the papers now received,
and private letters, appears setting in very strongly, anta-
gonist to the apparently prudential non-interventional policy
of the Government ; and we should apprehend, that there will
be a serious trial of strength on the subject, which may
terminate in shaking the hitherto avowed, and to all exter-
nal appearance, honestly maintained, resolves of tbe Exe-
cutive. It is mentioned, even in Le Globe, that Marshal
SOULT had been reported, in a Council of Ministers, to
have declared his sentiments in favour of the junction of
Belgium to France. But this may be supposed a mere on
dit—at the same time the Marshal has been frequently,
lately, mentioned, as holding sentiments opposed to the
neutral policy of his colleagues.
•

In the mean while, the Belgian patriots, with in-diplomatic'
kind of honesty, have been, in some degree, marring the
plots and intrigues of the combined Cabinets. They deve-
lope an untoward, unmanageable propensity to think for
themselves on their own affairs ; and acting es Belgians,
perhaps, events may, in the end, prove, they act right; and
do not merit all the contemptuous epithets which are used
towards them, by some of the English journalists.
Thanks to Belgic honesty, we are by them allowed to peep
behind the scenes of diplomacy. What a daring outrage on

. _
public opinion all over Europe, and in England and France
especially, they exposed in SIBMITIAV I'S letter ! The
conspirators of Plinks never insulted France, more than the
French Ministry, in this document, insult the Belgians.
Row strange it is, that all• experience cannot prove to'
Cabinets that they ere the mere puppets of public opinion—
the figures on the itage of a Fantoccini, brought on, and
taken off as the spectators will! A few weeks, we suspect,
will undeceive some of the puppets, who are now on the Con-
tinental stage !

Jesa's interpretation maybe Irish law, or Irish construction
of law, or it may be a legal sensv-but it is not that common
sense which laws are Mee to oontroul. If it is the legal
constrtOetiSk of4pilialrdiOuletind ff ail of them have an
hisoteric and ai(eeeteric sense, the snow that is known to
the world the 64; inttwe Mat to beßat.ful to this
learneitiodge for opening oar ors. •
But this able casuist proceeds further to inform the Jury,
that there are other charges in petto against Mr. O'Connell,
and his friends. He states, that after the impugned asso-
ciation had dispersed itself, it re-assembled under other pre-
texts and devices, which are prohibited by the act in ques-
tion. This, however, is a fact of which be knows more
than we can; but if it be fact, then the sound discretion
of Mr. O'Connell has deserted him. At the same time, as
this would be contrary to the letter of the statute, and not
be subject to any legal equivocation, it seems odd that the
unequivocal breach should not be put forward in the first
instance. _ .

It may, however, be so ; but, in Gon's name, what is
it all about ? Is it pretended that any secret, dangerous
design, attended any association in which Mr. O'CoN cu.
has been engaged ? Have not all the proceedings been
as open as day-light, and as public as the press could
make them ? Is there danger in proposing • repeal of
the Union ? Is it unlawful to petition against it? In a
word, was it within sound discretion—was it wise—was
it politic—was it liberal—was it just, to make proclama-
tion against the Association, without being prepared to
prove that it had other objects, than the public and legiti-
mate ones which it professed ?
But when Judge J can thus anticipates what the law of-
ficers propose to do, we would ask, bow he knew what was
not before the Court ? According to the newspaper reports
of his charge, he insinuates that the parties charged with
the breach of an isoteric sense of the law, have
been guilty of " a second breach of the law, upon
which," says his Lordship, " we are informed, it is
the intention of the law officers of the Crown to
prefer bills of indictment, or, perhaps, to have counts
in the same indictment." Now, how the Court knew
this, does not appear ; and really it seems odd, that he should
charge the Jury upon his information of the prosecutor's
intention, perhaps to do one of two things. In England
our Judges do not charge Juries on information not in
form before the Court, and they never argue on the "per-
haps" acts of the prosecutor. But the report maj be in-
correct, and we do not desire to put this learned person in
the wrong.

We confess, boa ever, that we think the Dublin Public
are not at this dabs cool enough to do justice to their own
natural integrity. We fear there is passion at work from
the head of the State, down to the lowest labourer ; it cannot
well be otherwise ; and this condition is so obvious and so
unavoidable, that we have daily expected the higher powers,
on this side the water, would put an end to so pratleis and
ignoble a strife.

An aggregate meeting of the citizens of Dublin, having
for its object the repeal of the Union, was held on Tuesday
last, at the Hibernian Arena, HLIIIRT GRATTAN, Esquire,
in the chair; which was more numerously attended than on
any former occasion. Every part of the building presented
a dense mass of human beings, not merely crowded in the
ordinary places of accommodation, but clinging to fixtures
and other parts of the building, which only the most desperate
temerity, or daring enthusiasm, could have thought of occu-
pying. The great press of important matter, which we this
day present to our readers, prevents our going far into the
details, which occupy several columns of the Dublin
papers, received this morning ; but we must not omit to
mention, that in the course of his opening address, Mr. Gnat.-
van stated, that he had the opinions of the ablest and
best constitutional lawyers, agreeing with him in
thinking, that meetings for the amendment, alteration, abro-
gation, or repeal of any Act of Parliament, was a proper
and constitutional object. With respect to the arguments
against the anti-Unionists, of a desire for separation, he had
ample authorities, and plenty of papers, to shew its fallacy
and weakness. He thought the connection would be more
permanent and safe, by a repeal of the Union, than by the
present circumstances ; and, therefore, be advocated the

measure. Several distinguished gentlemen took part in
the proceedings of this meeting, among whom 'wen
Mr. O'CONNELL, Mr. Oryoamin MAHON, Mr. OTTI-
WELL, Mr. Bzwinci, and Mr. DWYER. In the course
of an animated speech, Mr. O'CONNELL said—" Up to
this moment, notwithstanding all the proclamations, circu-
lars, and prosecutions, I defy Lord ANGLESEY to point out
one act of insubordination, that the people hare committed."
The Learned Clintlemon then commented, with great force,
on the recent proceedings against himself, and particularly
on the conduct of Judge Jean. " I will tell Judge Jess."
said he, " that we are now awake. The spirit of discord
aad diem*, was kept up for twenty-nine years, in order
perpetual e our deep—that repose of slavery and death.
• Imo him 11111611011-0 i elharity and peace—that lame
wall r beigliarkii ie of the Protestant and Cohn.
lioi—the Orangeman and Dissenter—that flame will shitiall
upon our efforts. It will warm and animate, and
it-
luminate, until it makes Irishmen too strong and too en-
-1 lightened, to be misgoverned by foreigners—give us
ifreedosn, and peace, and prosperity, and make a power-
ful ally of England, under the fostering magnifi-
ed, of it legislature." The hon. gentle-
man esselleisi as admirable speech by moving, that the
meeting adjourn to two o'clock neat day. -As usual, Mr.
Oren ism. was escorted to his house, by about 5,000
pawns, who cheered him all the way. We call our modem'
inttnation to the legal proceedings in the Court of Dublin,
against that spirited paper—the Frsessan's Jostrnal—for
publishing Mr. O'Connaz.L's letter to his constituents.

At length we bare the charge of Mr. JUSTICR Juan to
Grand Jury of the CORPORATION of Dublin, as a basis as,
which to found our opinions, of the strange appeal to law
Ireland, where peace and amity were so desirable.
It seems there is, on the Statute Books, a recent law,
called in Ireland the Algerine Act, and strongly chattels.
rived in the debates when it passed, to render any association
liable to be proclaimed and forbidden; and after it has been se
forbidden. liable to be dispersed, after fifteen minutes notice.
But if not so proclaimed, then not liable to be so dispersed,
and if dispersing on being ordered. then the object of the
act is, to all intents and purposes, fulfilled. But if not dis-
persing, then liable to be dispersed by force, and the parties
become subject to three months' imprisonment.
Mr. J sea, however, invents and superadds an intervening
crime. not alluded to in the act, and inconsistent with the
provisions for dispersing, and with the penalty for non-dis-
persion ; which penalty is the only penalty created by the
act; the bole object of which is to justify the dispersion
an association, after it has been forbidden by proclamation.
For without +he power given by the Act, to issue prods-
mations, dispersion would not be lawful ; and the eel; object
of the Act was to gig a to the Lord Lieutenant authority, In
his sound discretion, and of course with sufficient reason, is
proclaim and stigmatise an Association ; and then it ambigua
a precise form, and limits, without equivocation, • precis,
Wit a Grand Jury of the Corporation and City
Dublin may decide on such a question, it isimpossiMe le,
anticipate ; but se all men know the facts and the law, se
every man of oesimie senswin the King's dominions can wet. Byron, R.N. is appointed to his Mship
tell how they ought to sisal& Asia,, 84 guns, for the lag of Via-Admiral Sir
Whet if .4
law werepessed Oat e man should not cress a Y.C.B. fitting for the Mediterranean station at Portman&
Midge. maiw, a oasis pawky, end he walk half over it, so Part of the furniture, books, bookcase, dte. which have
been deposited. falba Carlton Riding-house sines the demo.
11. so' " th. 4111.1111 ; iss to bs Illesscuts-d uudsr. -Won of Carlton House, was yesterday removed in a num-
that laws .fir baviaB wsika big ever 6.10 ben of caraviuts and vans to the New Palace. St. James's
the lawAted malt it no crime to walk half ever. it? . Mr. park,


•

MOMMEIMMIMP

IN

~~'

=

77"7

long time ; several projects, very particular, are in delibera-
tion amongst our men of state.

Beaux, Jew. 17.—Setae French writers, and some
the Members of the Member of Deputies, appear to unite
their efforts to excite the w'arlike enthusiasm of their fellow-
citizens, and represent France as being obliged to develops
immense forces against the powers who have already sug.
mentsd theirs, for an hostile purpose against Prussia. The
importance of the subject demands a reply once for all-
these facts and assertions are without any foundation,
Gazette de Berlin.

POLAND•
The admirable manifesto of the Polish nation has impressed
a new burst of enthusiasm to that which was shown

France, at the *Wawa of that glorious insurrection. The
voluntary gifts addressed toGen.Lafayette, flow already from
all pirts ; he is urgently and regularly employed. Composed
of the chief men of the tribune, of literature, of the army,
of Generals Lafayette, Lamarque, Fabvier, of M. M. Du.
pont (de l'Eure) de Tracy, Mauguin, Salverte, Victor H.
go, Casimir Delavigne, &e. &c. The Polish Committee
is at this moment definitively constituted, and is immediately
occupied to attain the means of transmitting to Poland suc.
sours in arms and money, and to facilitate the passage of
merous officers, of military artificers, who demand to go ,
pay with their services and their blood the debt contracted
France towards Poland. France, who was prodigal of
treasures to Greece, for the sole reason of supporting a noble
and holy cause, that wished for liberty, will not refuse •
hulk Poland the price of her blood, abed under our flag,
daring twenty five years of war, and she will remember that
is supporting her friends of the Vistula, she drives back •
its proper focus the Muscovite invasion, and keeps the
vent in its natural boundaries. We shall shortly give some
details upon the labours of the committee, also the names of
all the members, their division and special commissions.—
We hasten to announce that there is preparing for the profit
of the Polish insurrection a concert, which will unite at
musical society of the Conservatory, the most distinguished
artists of the musical theatres, and the principal amateurs
of the capital. They reckon upon the sympathy of France,
who, for want of Dome slight sacrifices, would not, without
doubt, become the accomplice of the extermination of
Poles.— Le Coserrier Francois.
WARSAW, JAN . 11.- the Courrier Polonais (Kuryer
Polak° has published the following article :—" To arms'
To arms ! Fight excessively ! Such is the cry which
sounds through all the kingdom. Negotiations with Russia
and with other Powers, there is opposed to that cry a sub-
terranean voice : negotiate with Russia who never negotiated
with us, end who never would negotiate with
but for our ruin ! With Russia, who, during
time we should lose in parleying, would unite all
forces, disarm our brothers, banish their best chiefs in
back part of the deserts. Negotiations with other powers,
with France, with England, yes, that would be useful.
But these Powers are observing us ; they expect to
what we are capable of. Aid thyself and I will aid thee,
said by each of them. If they see that we hesitate at
debut, that we solicit concessions, in place of fighting
liberty and independence, this is what they will say to;
" You are not worthy to be free and independent ; why
you so tardy to pass the Rubicon! Why neglect a time
propitious 1 Ester tnto Lithuania ; stir up Volhynia ;
the Ukraine ; triple thus your forces ; there is the best
gotiations." We have it repeated to us unto satiety I
disgust, that amongst our Generals, we have not a single
good warrior. But let the war commence, and they -
present themselves. War, then, and war immediately !
At Warsaw, 325 church bells have been employed
found 100 pieces of cannon. It is to daunt the requiem
the Russians.—Figuro.

CITY. ON, O'CLOCK,
Our only arrivals this morning are from Sydney and
old French mail; the one due is not yet arrived, consequently
we have no later intelligence to communicate.
Consols still continue heavy at the price they left oil
terday, 80i. for the account.
The reported armament in our navy still remains a mys-
tery, and nothing positive is known on the subject.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing at present.
Letters from Toulouse to the 19th inst. state, that seven
large boats laden with 60 pima of cannon, 12,000
and an immense quantity of powder, have left that town
Bordeaux and Bayonne, and the number of workmen in
arsenal have been doubled to manufacture gunpowder.
commander of the division has received orders to guard
Pyrenees. These preparations cause some alarm that a
is on the point of taking place.
Sydney Papers to the 22d August have been received .
!the North and South American Coffee-boons. For a length
lof time Port Macquarie will doubtless be the chief modem
of emigration, and in all probability be more rapidly settled.
I and brought into cultivation than even the fertile banks
the Hunter and William. Would that the poor deluded
famished families at Swan River were here to people
opening provinces, and would that the scores of thousands
of pounds wasted in yonder beep of sand and fleas,
been employed in planting and sowing this Austral-Ital
Them Papers are very barren of sews.

CITY, Iwo OTLOCI
Every enquiry is still making in the City in regard _
fitting out of the two horst ships is ear navy, as well
their destination. About a year since we were in the
situation ; large ships were pt reedy ; at length it was ascer-
tained they were destined to proceed to thi Mediterranean,
to replace others which were ordered hose.
In the funds little is doing. Consols have been
in the course of the looming, st 70e, since which they
continued at 80k for the account, and the same for money.
This is settling day in the foreign market, and the accounts
are going off well. Spanish stock is rather better.
Russian stock there is a beckadation, it being very seams,
in the market little doing. The brokers are busy in seed*
their accounts.

Yesterday, his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex
the Hyde Park Hotel, Hyde Park-place, on a visit '
King, as Brighton.
The Wroth. of the military pensioners in this
dosed as Baanday. About 800 old warriors woe
mined; and more than two-thirds of them have bees pro-
nounced capable of sunbelt &ay. The wpm is 'stilled
to a guinea ter 'Tay 28 area that on passed:— Mayas
aironick.
DOVZIL, JAN. 46.—Last Risk, see of the Hooellist
loggers Waving to this pen, had put out her punt, wit
three saes, to heard • brig ei Dungeness, when. she upset,
and two of the men, nesse& Themes Wiekee and Richard
Antis, wen *waned the mime gas was saved.
have left wives, and wee a hag* istimmg may.

s of
mite
ow-
lope
tbe
ug-
wed
I in
The •
!rum
seed
my,
Du-
Hu-
ittee
itely
suc-
!nu-
and
d by
tier
ioble
se to
flag,
that
k to
wr-
ens*
es
of
a.—
srofit
t the
shed
tears
wce,
bout
r the
wyer
row!
h re-
unix
sub-
iated
us,
the
her
the
WON,
seal.
I Sell
ea, is
t the
g for
D us :
7 um
ne so
and
st ne-
r and
single
T will
ed to
em of
CZ.
ad an
ently
yes-
mys-
seven
balls,
ND
fol'
in the
rd the
a war
red at
length
ulna
settled
its of
half-
these
wands
▪ had
'ltaly.
OC/1%
to the
well u
lo same
*seer-
aneaa,
n does
ty have
nosey.
mounts
r. On
SWIM,
seta*
sex left
to the
district
IV exa-
ieo
pro-
entitled
Hasps.
4, with
• upset,
Richard
Both
