trIMZ.. '777

. .

P44.1r5

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Fzi. 9.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE presented s petition from the inhabitauls
of Bridge Ward, in the City of London, for the repeal of the coal
duties.

Lord BOSTON presented a petition to the tame effect from the
Mayor and Corporation of Carnarvon.
Lord FARNHAM also presented a petition from Bristol, fur the
repeal of the coal duties.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. HART DAVIS presented a petition ft om Bristol for tltt re-
peal of the house and window tax.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition from a Congretation
in London-street, Fitzroy-square, fcr the abolition of slavery, and moved
that it be printed.
General GASCOYNE opposed the printing of the petition as cult.
trary to an understanding come to by the House.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES said many petitions were rifted, antes
thwlett the petition he had presented was entitled to equal Attention.
SPEAKER said so many petitions against slavery li.td been
printed, that an understanding had been come to by the Nous: that no
more should be printed, unless they contained some special matter which
bad not already beam printed.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES said an inquiry had been made of
him, bow many of two thousand petitions of the same kind he would
take charge of? and be meant to mu:else his discretion which should
be printed, and this was one of them, which he thought deserving
of being made public.
The SPEAKER asked who seconded the 'no:loc. There was no
answer, and the question was not put.
Mr. PHILPOTTS gave notice that when the repo; t of the Cl4ll
List should be presented, he would move that henceforth no pension
should be granted out of the Civil List ; but that a specific sum be
granted to His Majesty, out of which he should be enabled to grant
bounties, without the controul or interference of Parliament.
Mr. HUNT presented serval petitions from Stockport and Chester,
praying for an extension of eufliages and ,he protection of the ballot.
He should move Feet/may lo the Ist of starch returns respecting the
Petitions for Reform, distint.miahing those requiring the vote by ballot.
Mr. HUNT then gave notice, that to-morrow he should move for •
return ot' the regulations in Ftst.crton Jail, whether the Jailor had a
paper from Withers in his hands, and whetter the prisonets could see
their attorneys.
Mr. HUNT said he had A petition to present. agreed to at the Ro.
tondo, in Blackfriars-rood, which t:e I ad been it. tie habit of at t.rdiug
before be was a member of that house. He beggt'.l to say, that lie a: .d
his friends had nothing to do with meetings het,. the eby Mr. C ride.
Mr. Taylor, and others. The petition stated, that the petit:at:ern
viewed with great alarm the promtedings of th.:. .tttornev.(,e' ern! f
Ireland against Daniel O'Connell, El. whose abs nee from the Ht.use
of Commons they considered a great loss to the country ; and
prayed that Mr. O'Connell might be allowed to come over
to Parliament, and that Leland might be tranquilized by the abn.
lition of tithes. II sas cor.tident persecution never made converts.
Government some years ago, prosecuted him for presulit g at a
meetings held for return, in parliament and the repeal of the turn lave.
and sent him to lichester gaol for two years end six months, which
gave him great experience. He knew that in England, government
could pack a jury to find any man guilty ; whether they could do the
same in Ireland he could not tell ; but he was confident, that if not
Daniel O'Connell would be &equated, as no honest, independent, im-
partial jury would find him guilty; and whether he was acquitted or
convicted, the prosecution would make him more popular and powerful
than ever. Ireland could never be tranquilized by the cold. blooded
threat of a civil war used by his Majesty's Ministers last night. It
they really intended to tranquilize Ireland, Etc), should abolish tithes.
' Mr. NORTH said he had been concerned in two state prosecutions.
and he bad never witnessed more independent juries. It wan not so
easy for the lash Government to pack a jury.
blr. RUTHVEN should regret if any observations had gone abroad
respecting the Irish Jury ; but he lamented that there had been any ne-
cessity to institute the prosecution, because he felt deeply interested for
the tranquillity of Ireland—great benefit would result from having
allowed the demurrers to be withdrawn.

Lord STANLEY trusted that at present as little would be said on
this subject as possible ; but he denied that thee had been any ducat
of civil war. The Chancellor of the Exchequer had observed, that he
should prefer (to the dismemberment of the Empire) the chance of
civil war.
Mr. HUNT said, that the language of the Chancellor of the Ea-
chequer and Lord Palmerston were foe civil war. He had last night
repeated that construction of their language in their presence. He then
implored the ministers, and he now repeated it, not to allow themselves
to be hallooed on to " let slip the dogs of war." He should not have
alluded to bis 3lajesty's Ministers in their absence, bad not another
called him up.
Sir W. GI TISE presented petitions for the repeal of the House and
Window Taxes—for a commutation of Tithes—and for rail Parlia-

mentary Reform.
Mr. PENDARVIS presented petitions from Bodmin, Launceston,
and Truro, for reform in Parliament, and seven similar petitions from
parishes in Cornwall.
Mr. CURTEIS presented a petition from Westham, fur a general
fast, and a petition from a congregation of Unitarians faille civilisation
of the negroes in the colonies.
Lord STANLEY presented three petitions from the calico printers
of Manchestee for the repeal of the Excise Duty on Calico Printing.
Mr. PATEN presented three similar petitions from calico printers
in different works in Lancashire.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition from Col. Evans and Mr. Smith,
who bad presented a petition against the return for the borough of Rye,
praying that they might be allowed to withdraw their pe iuon against
the return of the sitting members for Rye.
Mr. Millar, a solicitor, proved the signatures of the ten Woos ; and on
the motion of Mr. Crisis, the former petition was wi hdrawn, and
the order for taking it into consideration was discharged.
Mr. W WHII MORE moved for returns respecting the Trade to
the East Indies and Chins.—Ordered.
Colonel LYGON presented a petition from the Wormier Medical
Society, for the removal of legal obstacles in the way of practising dis-
section. He wished to know whether the Bill was to be renewed.
Mr. WARBURTON said he had not abandoned tke b I 1; i art he
could not say whether he should propose the bill this Session.
Mr. HUNT said, as be had been alluded to, he would say that he
should oppose a bill in every stage that went to give the bodies of the
poor for dissection. He would move an amendment, that every young
surgeon, before he used the knife, should sign au undertaking to give
up his body for dissection; and another amendment, that 'mumd of the
bodies of the poor paupers, the bodies of tht rich paupers shoubd be die-
weed.— (A laugh.)
Lord IV. POWLETT presented petitions front S ockton, for a re-
vision of a criminal code, and for the mini of the coal duty : fe.r re-
form in Parliament, and vote by ballot.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said there was a notice for a motion on the
Vote by Ballot for Tsesday next; be hoped his hon. f I rd would
postpone it, to allow the whole subject to come under consideration
together-
Mr. WARBURTON said he should readily acquiesce it' an oppor-
tunity were afforded him to bring that subject under discussion during
the general discussion of the Tiernan of Reform.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said there should be ample opportunity
for discussion of every pair of the subject.
A new writ was ordered for Newark, in the room of Mr. Willoughby,
who nu accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
BARILLA DUTIES.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT brought up the Resolutions of the
Commitwe on the Barilla Acts ; which were agreed to, and • Bill oe-
dered to be brought in.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Postmaster-General of Ireland Bill.—Agreed to, and the
Bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
Lord F. OSBORNE presented a petition from Little Shipley, in
Catubridgebhire, for the reduction of tithes, reform in Parliament, an.
nual Parliaments, universal .utfrage, and vote by ballot.
Mr. HUNT said, a deputatuni of the petitioner' had waited on hint,
to request him to support it. It was certainly a wholesale peution, and
as he was a wholesale reformer. he cordially supported it.
Mr. W RIGHTSON presented a poitiou from Hull, for a r:ferm
in Parliament.
lord MORPETH presented a petition from Stansfield, county of
York, for a reduction of expenditure, annual parliaments, universal
suffrage, and vote by ballot; and five petitions from Methodist Con.
gregations at Larnsky, for the abolition of slavery; and a petition from
a ;mirth in Yorkshire, for a general fast.
Lord JAMES STUART presented a petition horn Lot:ghee, in
Glamorgan, for the repeal of the coal duty.
General trN El Lis presented a petition from Antrim for a genteel
fast.
Sir T. ACLAND presented a petition from Culliagford, fur ei.eap
t mode of recovering au all debts; and seven petitions from pariseles in
Devon, for the abolition of slavery.
Lord EBRINOTON presented petitions foe the repeal of the duty
on coals from Teignmouth. and six other plants in Devon; and a
petition, from Ashburn, for • reduction of taxation; and • petition
lions Leominster, for a reform in Parliament.
The Marquis of BLANDFURD presented a petition from the
Kidderminster Political Union, for Parliamentary reform.
Mr. SHAW presented a petition from a congregation in Dublin,
for the *basks of slavery.
Lord B. 80111111182 T presented a petition from Gloucestershire,
for a repeal et the malt tax.
• Mr. JOHN SMITH presented a petition from lb* parish of Kin.
dolpb, Is Sussex, for a general fast.
Mr. WARBURTON presented a petition from a parish In Dant,
for a reform In Parliament.

- --- - ----
Mr. PORTMAN presented four petitions boss= in Dorset,
for the ',rondos of stamp ; and a petition &lei for the A.
