v

"_~'"

~ZiF.i..« ...

~.,.~« k,~,. ~. ~.. ,

ollllt.

F_

)t , . *, '
V ''.<
.-.! I, - -
,

. . .
. •nrr DIP FEU r %•CE RETlrErNiflc ENSLAVE))
4Nli I.IOENTIOUS PRESS.
•
• TO THE RMAriiTTRE STAR.
St it—A celebrated writer has remarked that an
Orator is only useful to those about him; but an
A,lO-.or may prove of service to those who are
t distant. . Upon this principle, I hold it to be
the dirty of every individual wl-o is qualified and
at leisure to impart knowledge through the medium
of the Press, to avail himself of it for the good
of mankind. The destiny of man is labour, and
heever labours to the best effect, whether
in the natural or the literary world, is deserving of
the highest applatirce. Mr. Cobbett was honoured,
teed of being degraded, by being styled labourer
in the late prosecution against him for nn alleged
iilcel ; for his persevering literary !Rheum nee well
known, and it is equally well known that they have
aught such important truths to light as justly
to entitle him to nor hest thanks. Whatever
Coilts he may bare., they can heir no pronortion to
the vast good he his done to the state by his writ-
ing.. and instead of livoking for a public writer,
without.faulte, we should recollect that men are I
not angels.
There was a time when few excert the clergy,
and those of the learned profession., could read aid
w.ite,and the consequence was that the rest Offfian-.
kind were kept in complete ignorance. and treated,
as if they were of an inferior species, nor is it to he
do,Jited that it was the di sign of the borotigh;
Lionger despets to bring the people again into, this
eegisuleil state ; hilt the intrepiLity of our present
I atriot king has frustrated their design, end the
peir'lc press has so enlightened the labentit,
elassts that they are tow fully aware of their (rem
strength, and will no longer submit to be bought
and sold like cattle in a market. The press has
taught its that an hereditary aristocratic oligarchy
.is the worst of all GoVernmenta,and that to avoid so
so great an evil we must seek refuge in a limited
constitutional monarchy, which will secure to all
ranks the enjoyinent of their rights and privileges,
and restore to us that peace and prosperity which
we have been so long deprived of by the mono-
polizing crew, who have devoured the fruit of our
labours, and contracted such an enormous national
debt for the aggrandizement of themselves, as some
think must after all end in a general bankruptcy.
A free press, says an able writer, is the•parent
of.much good in a state. But even a licentious
press is a far less evil than a press that is en-
slaved, because both sides may be heard in the
former case, but not in the latter. A licentious
press may be an eviLead an enslaved press omit be
so ; for an enslaved press may cause error to be
more current than wisdom, and wrong more pow-
er ful than right ; whereas a licentious press cannot
effect these things, (or it it gives the poison, it
gives also the antidote, which au enslaved press
withholds. An enslaved prises is doubly fatal, it
not only takes away the true light, for in that case
we might stand still, but it sets up a false one, that
c'ecoys us to our destruction.
That the great Ruler of .the universe may ever
hereafter,' protect us from boroughmonger domina-
tion, and from the destructive consequences. of an
enslaved press is the earnest wish and prayer of
• AN AGED PATRIOT.
Brkk-eourt, Tempt* Aug. I*. 1831.
The Marquis of Douro, who retired from the
60th, or King's royal rifle corps, in Nov. 1830, in
order to attain the rank (4 major, on the unattached
list,.bas been appointed one of, the majors of the 2d
battalion of the rifle brigade, commanded by Major-
General Sir George Bingham. His lordship's
brother, Lord Charles Welfelley,is a captain in the
fest battalion of the rifle brigade. Neither the
noble marquis nor Lord Charles have, however.
seen any active service, although the distinguished
corps to which they belong Is now stationed in the
Mediterranean Islands. The Duke of Wellington
is Colonel in Chief of the rifle brigade—a circum-
stance which may account for both his Grace's
sons holding commissions in the same regiment, •
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East-India House when Lieutenant-General Sir
Colin Halkett, K.C.B. was sworn in as Coalman-
dm-in-Chief of the Company's Forces, and second
Member of Council at Bombay. The Gamier
afterwards dined with the Directors at the London
Tavern.
EAST IN nt• SALES.—OiI Tuesday morning
the East India Company's sale of saltpetre and
&apices took place at the India House, and in con-
sequence of the warlike state of affairs on the
Cpntineut, the demand for saltpetre was very ac-
ti e, at advanced pikes. 'the quantity of salt-
petre offered was upwards of 300 tons, and the
Lidding commenced very actively at 44*. per cwt.
An advance, however, to 465. 6d. per cwt. im-
mediately took place, and the average of the sale
as front 456. 6d. to 465. per cwt. a refraction
hunt I id. to 20. per cent. tlpwaids of 3,000 bags
of this article were announced fur sale in the after-
noun. The speculative demand wza very great as
compared `Stith the priee of last Company's sale.
Saltpetre Ipisizuproved from 7s. to 8.. per cwt. of
about 1.200 bags of black pepper taxed at 2fd.
400 bags sold at 3d. per lb. white pepper went off
at
.50. to Sid. per lb. fine cloves at Is. 11d. to
2s. per lb. nutmegs were bought in (about 400
claim) at 3s. to 3s. sd. per lb. and cassia buds at
om 60e. to 65e. per..e.w t.
contract has beep signed. and is is rte coarse
.of eteecution, to supply the Russian Government
with 40,000 muskets, and when this quantity is
' delivered, a further contract for 40,000 more is
,„expected. The contractors are three eminent
houses of Birmingham, and three of London, who,
. .„
to secure • monopedy, act in concert. I can neon
.. •
. lion their names it.,provoked by a repeated de-
nial of the above statement. Funds to guarantee
the payment ate depueited in the Bauk of
England.
Such is the indignation of the tugliali labourers
at the irruption of the crowds of Irish among
_
• them, that on Thursday last 41 •
set upon in Lincolushire, amid
bated. The magistrates and
taut did not arrive tile the outrage
„The ..men were attended to, and
say, are doing as aellaa can .
Last Saturdiy night, a little
a tire IA es iftscovertd Uri the prembree
at his farm at Crinninghani.
puthe alarm wax given 'at St
„Aistley'lqt6tetie to
.sine. was roe:it:l;l*M. In: plasi,
, wick c;f,aeciliit. 4if,(3:: bit
pi, aster, the Monies could not'
stack a as destroyed.' '['Tiers !'t
to believe that thisiscis was

. •
r..4N0R.1.311A OF THE Hititt
EMPIRJ.
SUNNEX AOVICRTIZER, Aurset 8.
Our RAMS TO.tk place on Thursday, Friday, and Satir.
day last ; the sport was tolerably good, het the ante Maori
was extremely scanty. The sitting of Parliament peeved
a great drawback to the presence of the neighboaring;
nobility and gentry. On the second day; three nen mew
heavy showers of rain, which compelled the woven, hrdd
to seek shelter. During this race, Mr. Nortee's br. C. by
Qulliver bolted and broke hi. 111, and it was deemed ex.
',diem to kill the pnor animal upon the spot. 'A purls-.
man who had gone up to view the hone. ineautions cep.
Preached too near the sweep* of a windmill, which were In
/[argon, and one of which struck him in the back part of the
head, and felled him to the ground, which contdders*
injured him. Jaw as the horses had passed the wino
pent, two girls imorudeetly crossed the course in front
the-racers anti were knocked down t they were taken up is
a state of insensibility, and cui.veyrd tea booth, but went
found to be m severely injured, that Mr. Shirley. one of
the Stewtrda of the races, kindly sent them home is his
carriage. Both are labouring under • concussion of the!
brain, and still continue in a state of insensibility, with,
lit tlehopes rat their recovery.
Recent arriv:as at Parsons's Sea House Hotel, Irne.i
thing. include lady Dudley Stuart, the Count and Coen.;
teat Monsen'', Mr. and Lady Mary Singleton, Hon. Mr.!
Talbot, Hon. CoL and Mrs. Fayn. Mr..
liming, Mr. Ho • , Mr. and Mrs. Allen and Tamil', 31r.
and Mrs. Barlow and gamily, Mr. and Mrs. Barclay and
family. Mr. end Mrs. Tine*, Mr. and Mts. Warne. Alf.;
and Slni.Tedhurier and family, Mr. and blrePenny,
VERSES room IN BA NWELL CAVIL !
BT
0, Spirit of the rave 1 declare
Flom whence this mingled mass of bone s-L
df Stag, Wolf, Barak% and Bear—
Thus tossed about with clay and stenos ?
Drafted In far fond, or by the staves
Of raging Rood impelled for shrine,
Did the poor wretches Aral their graves
rushing in here better shelter ?
'Say, why no bOnee are to be food
Of the great 'Ruler, Men ? Or, why
None of his likettese Ape around.
Amidst theltaapl can descry?
whecee—..still More strange! these vast remains,
From neighb'ring gave, of
And Tygers—beasts of ladiangirptr
How came they to these frigid haunts ?
STIZIT.
Wait.Stranw, till that happy day
When alll:arit's secrets, now conceal,
Shall to thy sight, by the clear ray •
Of'llesenly wisdom be reread.
But if, impitient, facts to know,
You fain the oracle would try all, •
To German caves and Yirkdales
go—
Consult Beard, Curler, Buckland, Lyall.
Tuppen's Marine Library and boatman's Stuns Louise
are now very gay of an evening; they alternmy, and toge-
ther, for boat at the same time are crowded te excess, hu.
elude in their merry vortex all the rank, and elepice, snit
fashion and beauty In Brighton. Miss Cenrie, with lice
charming sister, maintains .bet ameadancy In public ads
'nation, and continues a resistless attraction at the farther
place.
Assimix—Coorsa v. BOTTINCtr—This was • Me of
assault, in which Mr. Cooper, solicitor of Brighten, was
the prosecutor, and which excited great interest at the time
of the examination Wore the Brighton bench. Mr. Adol-
phus opened the case, when Mr. Clarkson. the defendant's
counsel, stated to Lord Tenterden that his client was union*
to settle the matter without proceeding further. The LI-
lowing arrangement was then entered into 6.—Tne defendant
to plead guilty, make an ample public apology, and pay All
costs as between attorney and c&nt, to Le taxed by Air.
Clark, the clerk of arraigns. . . .
The defendant thee pleaded guilty, sod entered into his
owe recognizance of 106[. to appear and r•OtiVe judgment
when called on. Mr. Clarkson delivering Mr. Bookies
apology, addressed his Lordship—Sly Lad,.in the part of
Mr: Hotting, I am instructed to express kit grateful sense
of the great indulgence show, him by Mr. Cooper, and a es
publicly to state his regret that, in a u °meet of 'fellatio •, be
should to far have forgotten "diesel/ as to have tessera to
stemmas so perf‘stly unjustifiabk. I beg, my Lord, to'
express Sir. Bottiog's thanks i. Sir. Cooper, for the handy
some manner in which he Ids relinquished thls.presecution,
and to assure him that his future cos nuct will prove the deep
mew he enter.aine of the leniency and moderation ezerehed
towards him by Sir. Cooper..
Lewis, AUG. 2.—White Wheat, new, 31 Ile; red do.-1
new. 31 ben; red wheat, old, 21 186 to 31 Se ; oats, old, U IM
to LI 8e; oil-cake per Al, 19L
NARRIED—Air. Donald Barclay, of Mayfield, solici►
tor; to Mary, youngest devaluer of the late H. O. Stone.
DIED—At Wcsamrtem, mar Arundel, Air. Joseph Up.
perton, 71.
BRISTOL LIBERAL, Aorta (

lamb-Alf .14 .Boneti so n. Menent, be ICU.
th. • 11 uiblit a Alt. hdworS, Hlllll-etteit.
D/$ll/I;..At aim,
m med, ar stain; South arks.
fa is city, ,
SPAFr&Rit.e/Myf RCURY, lugs &
nerrbreental butcher's nibket. meted on the site Of
the eon* iceman, la at lermh tmnipkted, and wa
alsnostl this•the tionMesf is 6, the itisipSlN
Grecian Doric me*, pa; *WO or west Net cetkielt of
two wing pod with hold alums upon solid stone,
smear, Mid hies% kindeorne Omelets entisilees. The,
"4" pI.TI• maple,* Grecian erchitenum,, stomestited
=Pak far ah mitated aka did i lib }time
entablimures of the initermediate "ski ttsa elettiwined by
massive columns, andehtidifrersen mucances.and 11Pattil b°'
tireen are filled frith ettrielied boo watt. The north 14611%;
.hkh le eke of mono. b tonally to be admired foe simpli-,
eft and elegance. The mouldings are beautifully ereinilledy:
Ike limportkine of the seemsi poll of the building up.,
pew to be well presemted, If we cusps the tannid entranoe
of the west fiont, which ap?ears too narrow, and the cupola,
which, though well designed, Is certainly so small for doe
5
• I. .
Themes of the interim is 132 feet, by 93. ellowl2=
butchers' stalls, with avenues 11 feet wide, ex I
of suMelent convenianto for Meeks and standings. Ili
is coined with high and low roofs, (similar to St.!
John'ts Araticit, fiverpool,) supported by iron catmint*
The lights and ventilators are in the side. of the. hinh;
roof neventy.bat-wing gm lights are diked to the stalls.
Asekweir.--On Thursday week, the Staftbrdshire
multhila Wend. Tariet at Seam. Sean after 1 o'clock,
the Patroness, Mrs. Buller, arrived in an elegant eir.
nags tour boreal, mid presently sitorwerds led the way
to the archery grounds of the scab% followed by a fair,
'train, with which Diana herself had been honoured. The
shoodlefillimordiate4 commenced at two sets of tsegeta,ma
continued with great spirit till four o'clock, when ikx:ljrinr°
warn oilimlgted to 'Miss E. split of elegant " ear.
drops, me_ having made the mans smaller of hits in the
the tar ;to mks Chpriewood, the second •prise-; to
likes (, 4oe. thethird paw.
renntesvaxci or Tot following no-
tification )tas been extensively imblisbei in the Parish of
Moslem. by Mtge placards on the 'wink, &c.
" To slit Inhohlbair orthe Parish of Borstem,
" The minister, and churchwardens of the parish of
Burden,. having repeatedly witnessed. with der nifret4
the open and .profanation of the. Sabbath, which
pievaih it. the parish, by the hawking of goods, opening
of shops. and by individuals hilkwing their worthy
calling on the Loors,day a aka by the itesemidegs of romps
Of disorderly characters in the streets, and by the disgraceful
runic of gaming, which Is carried on in the more retired
ports of the town, to the rat annoyance of thipmenable
Eithahltants, and the minden injury of public morals; de
hereby give node., 'that it is their determination to ass
every, means to their power to prevent the recurrence of
Mel tells in and they do most earnestly invite the
assistanes'anden-aperation of the respectable %habitants of
the parish, in 11. e enforcement of the lawn against persons
so Wending, and 'in their endeavours to suppress vim
and drunkeneesscind 'also in. peoneming a Setter snood-
Poi *. the lower classes, on divine worship. They feel
thernitelfits• celled upon especially to admonish parents,
sad keels 'of !snake, against suffering their children
'end servants to loiter about the streets, and in .the fields,
A the Lord's-day ; whereby they obtain habits of indiffix-
mice folull *Vous duties, Awns ,imPeoprit and-Skieue
asecdat!ons, and thus lay the foundation of future mi-
sery and disgrace • it being an nneontroverted feet t with
'try fop eemptiolti) that ill 'those whir hate finished their
career of infamy at the gallows, have commenced their
course of crime by 'neglecting to keep holy the Sabbath-
si.y. The r
um, duly eppreciating dm benefits both
public and vete. which seise from a Christian observance
of the Lord ~day, have provtded ample accommodation Tot
all classes of individuals in the places set sport for public
wonbip. In amordanee, therefore with the views of his
Majesty's Ommtninent, and smutted by d sense of duty, the
Minims rs and Churchwardens moat :earnestly call the 'ken.
des of the parishioners to this important subject, and auk
Ws appeal will not be made in vain.
thr ass Ptty Sessions. bold -in the *hire MAL &afford,
on Saturday last, Wore }Burl Taltot, R. Moocktoo, Sac
sada. Rev. R. Lovett, nearly tweet, puldhons and tmtaileis
of beer were convicted in mitipted_ penalties for Whig jogs
in their poebssaion which not bold the quantity required
by Act of Parlialnent. 'lt oast of eird Timm Ow
called) lad little more 'hon.& pint and a half, and in dam
cased a higher'pinfahl was inakted.
Boast nramixo.—Oni alibi does men eaaviestet
bcrse stealing at Pool Assists, last week, hasrliselosed mast'
hoponant pariktikrs both ad to the plans of hie associateak
wee are yet at largeNimid as to the nem and Saws a abaft
He says lb.; She pWtave, its a few years stolen arrest'
heated bones from 3al. p and the neididociurine Mantles
and that persons who reside on' the .pot are the &gems who,
mnimunicate-to the thkves front whe.es horses may be stolid
with the lesattisk of "det.etion.
A correspadent of thilitqfordeitireldrerfkor lays, " I
make the dreadful explosion of a steam-boiler at Liverpool.
MIMI a surety plate of skeet brad keen axed to Mich a bollerk
it would have been physically impossible' to harm la with
arm. About twain mamba ago, I tried to berm" steam.
engirt, Wes, rani for winding up Mar kit did sot elect it 1.,
110 !arty plate kodwo!!1, heceolte:elionek ea the_ ham 'ea

6.
On Monday arenhig a Ineadni Iletho kreoeindell of Boot elasticity lieresiell,iiiiiii Into ii liemeoi. and ;Tit
and Shoemakers, was held at the Ship. Jameeematm, Ho' asunder without any filiplients;'lettingliribiltealeilbh *
the Pcricier of petitioning the Legislaturefei a R.peal of loud but harmless explosion." . .
that . Vases upon kaoline/Pe The nesting was Vtii nu- MA If HI RD.—At Upward). the Rev. Thos. Loveday,
MerollSll attennea, and kir. Harris was unanimously called to grim Chown. of Alai midj,
to the cheir.—Mr. John Ponce. junior, in rising to Tnisnen Itlfs•D.—At Lane &dr fid, Ms. Ralph Toft—At Con.
the 'first rualution, asid. he felt rejoiced at seeing se crowded Ow, the Rev. S. Williamson, Mt feet years Incumbent
and requeuthie an assembly ; for knowing. as be did, that —gd, The Rev. John Lsoton. a Lawton, Cheshinal-At
this meeting had been allied togetha at the suggeodon of Leek, 66, Catherine wife of John Cruse, Reg —At Ml-
a few hadividuals, without the ltd of a sloes placard, he ems,. mr. Gump BLit.,
could not expect to have beheld such a meeting u the pee. NORT,II2I4PTOY Piling PRAIA All 9.
sent. He would militia them that “ kneel/die aim • The taw end juitt.rethiveete of gememenntimmehuu "ten
power," and that tyrannical governsamenui
.1111JOS ought to had their day," in every new of ihs iseuurb. Their chem.
elide/VOW to prevent the imauction art the v conscious Nan., Mr. Cartwright and flit C. Knightly, have paraded.
thanthe present march of mind had dis the darkened ands' a 4, triumphal .Feb," to ten the expessaion of the
trle
clouds of ignorance and superstition ; t it war like the Northeraution Aletritry. to celebrate at' detail. Thew le
glorious Sun. rising in the Lethal, ruglike* .in his sour,.. eve point in Sir Chirlees speech, which we tleam it ri tto and enlivening and enriching every soil iier which it threw noticemore particularly. •He said that the poll . t4at
1:3
his. rays. Ana mute limber observations, Mr. I'. moved 'there wee only am of ateettyone in forty in the 1 i6y Alp
1 the first resolution. Mr. Kingdom war happy to observe, Nertheuiptan fit cod', to the ream siestiow...thei set of
that although they had taxed the Prom so heavily, yet the *cry forty-one fralhbidsra,t vrepty.one VON for the bill end
thirst for intormation teas such, that it- had been obtained twenty against it. We shall wow see hew Ow matter wawa,
through cl.annels nut even dreamt of. He would take SO lile.'eartrafght says they have the .. properirrof the Minn,'
example anon among theinselves—for ghat purpose was with them I Admided—as to the •great preipiienits. •• We
that meeting called ? why to 'husk and reason aiming them. vami they have the olntilligeuee and independence' of
/wives the propriety of petitioningpon that the odious taxes u the Munty with them r_Dented. Because if the In.
knowledge should be repealed, the effect of which would he temp-nee and independence et the what, had been with
to make them the first body of freemen in the world. He. them, they would have base sheets!. Ii was the ;no_
hoped that the other trade* would Aglow their example. H. Apes and mdepeudence et the county that counter.
read the secoud'illsoluiloo. tailed the indocile' of propaty, and caused their
Mr. ruggid!i ftniinliedt that all montrior were l:Z: *Vet:mit and ff the tenets ermine great men lead left
titled in proportion to the amount a publical kneel 'ei Unshackled as Were • those of Lora Lilford. the majority
diffused among the proPH.' Loch at fallen Apaint and. be. wosid kare been much more decisive. Hspptly fur oar
'lighted Portugal; 10 both of Mow CMUlgieltbe Poi* have country, intelligence and indepeodenoe are not now outlined
not altogether eight papas, and, as a name of ammo, ow. to the peerage or the "soiree/thy. Thepsoperty of the hint
manicured of slavery, and hafe a 'iagralathaaaal TOOIII4III may bedeck a precestion like that of Thursday ; the eighty-
lor the tyranny of conKfrairld abuts. Sakti in mot grOrlaaa• seven Carriages of the pars. baroness, and squires.. imp bring.
is frahce &Wend, or America. The aim :Clwyd
~torther the two hundred and* lieTenty.stx harasses farm
Political ,knowledge. l*.dirtinul, .. ;414 ',room inulllaro., ...our' liseWhitaksZtultreresee Ito molts t alet-tiseh a momesteli is
people for 'no luialanno" of mWr Tiliel.•
_Min Ore to attract .. an inhumes concourse of persons on foot."
that political lnionledge 4 Doe' liege Here or Intik know- Thou ad& be a vast display of wealth and estenieden ;
ledge that dues nor ciiald beiond'ilie enhOol'llonlaillucihd but where were the intelligence and independence of the
knowledge which Is (*inductee' to the "purism 41, phi& smutty ?—nut in the sphodki chariot, wow among thalierhc.
outfit. • - •-' • • who hollowed In ass teals become they followed thirties*
le
Mt. Eager then *le 'f.xl*a th'iduieroe, Weiler almagid of their landlord and theft mister—but they wore to
Petitiohirg of little it no savior, is Whit Mime bon' an among than men who 4611.4 moved:, to the pal
ia
ta.d.<l to. • , expanse to the candidate; and seeking no advermage nn that
Ihe Chairman asisil that some yeirs. WOO. ther OM D to be derived through the common weal; and DO other re.
very titattote Olti;etatiliO 0rAP10411.611.001, which said a raid than that which will ever seism from the onteekindtrie
great depressiou in claims» node; and produced emir:et eh. havingduchamed a whim duty, &meetly, gush luau
distress awning.. the craft In lidera t.' they met to ilerictrart 4taced'oot the. triumph of Thursday i they were tn. go Plod
he Whir present; they were then had, ' Oh, it Is DO inlet* lithely discharging their- *Wive duties
.to petition ! bat it was however arrerVifin they Should, and • that pageantry which /filed lir Asti nide oish
' the !Peach shues were 'inhibitor:a:4W' QuM soda ebauf ' t.
1 cfPMPric.ik' ---'
'OSOI!YW. "' - - r •
Float, ' •

of the Irish. anal

Dirt Alo2-.111 MK ogaged same Meet-
ire * derieit IN* a viaelthles ass ipitt, dot kr It his
kr!'t rev!•!l,o,4l"moweinß hornet. ea gabs km Akar
day mosidng lei vat, teep sal three orient Triebistels
a MI =ale the itrasigise. dry. 'Wore
dial aft Am het
they wean eyikthdr 'The Mhos thee watesed to
task for whidt dray mews sepia&
'Pltil-Ipelled ■a Chart Waveleelt he *peal Mae Dotter
Itturshedly, of ehti town, toe* clew iitlrdlwrostied oft*.
ten reeidg around the beeims of as trotatv, tor de* si.
testenoe in parnefdirg the food to. Ile the goemers of
Bedford linfleniaLso e'en that breglioden as a rowel bos-
pitit Tits lir. T. P. thell, Wiwyett Pageell, Ms In
consequence elprllled his Is of preaching a seem.
and stektess milestisn.
Weetessikeleing the anniversary of the commencement
Of the late aimals islklaTiet the members of the Warwick
Political Satiety iiitimbled at the Grand Stand, on the race-
me*, sad parte* et a sortential and excellent dinner of
meat-beef, plum-riddle& sod good ale. The hilarity of
the seining Cato benossea * several approprime teases • and
mega. At semeldeek tiondss were admitted, and danc-
ing continued wile iidelp le elite boar.
The omporatiett Nell *dr peed day yassetday((Monday)
tor the
others, omelet if fahrilsiehe meads,, and realeethqg
chosen to be dm Ift wise and diverse men ef
Northampton, to assist to and germ the peat body of
their more enlightened neighbours. When will such ano-
Mulles cruse, sod common sense resume her meted power ?
1110111TIWITTOlf, Auev. o.—Wbem, red, 60. so Ms •
lee, Mk to 1101; Barley, 3A to Ms ; malting, 37s to Ws ;
Malt, Mk to 72. ; Oats, 28e to 33. ; feed ditto, Ms to 271 ;
Tick Ream, 30e smell, 30a to 40s ; Pea, grey, 31s to
Ma I White, es to dits ; Rye, 34e to Dia per frowner.—
Floor, as to M. seek of 21101 be.

MARRIRD.—At Woo Won Church, George Augustus
flight lion.
nos.RawdennarbersHaatyindventooMmaroauie
s. ofelllastiogs,ai
ftstomytt
DIED.—Mr. Lost, Of Nassingten.—At Caney Ifale,t
near Castor, 01, Richard Ganes, in.
FORME-YORAM JOURNAL, Aug. 0. .
Irani GRAMM% Scion. lits.z..—.Daring the Iset ess.
don, this bill, after It had passed through all its stages in the
11ause of Lords, underwent considerable modifications in the
filornittee of the Rouse of Commons, es follows : that both
the classical and eonworreial schools should be erected in
Mew-street; that the number of boarders should sot exceed
ihy-sin, and that they should be the children of peesons re-
sident within ten miles of the town ; that four elementary
schools should be erected in differeet parts of the town, for
the instruction of the poorer cisme ; that the accounts of the
grotternors should be periodically published; that due public
notice should be elven of any future intended ,alterations;
and that 7601. should be paid by the governors, as costs, to
the petitions against the bill. Such were the modifications
made bythe Cannons Committee; but as they were sot
cocepletelkontil the vary last hour of the session; the bill, of
course, could not be seat hack to the house of lords for:its
neat. The hill was, accordingly, again lamoduced into
the House of Lords, in its original shape, during the re-
sent 'session, and afterwards posed through all its stages in
that house, pursuant to an undemanding, without opposition.
llucu soon as it again reached the Connects Ilimmlttee, a
deputation was appointed to guard against any attempt to
escape from the modifications 'agreed upon during the last
session. The various points wen again satistietetily.settled,
the only departing being, that the permanent complement of
boarders was reduced from 66 to 30, whilst the resuktloo
with respect to distailm was altogether abandoned. The bill,
with the arranged modifications, afterwards .passed the
Committee of the Commons, but at this stage, the deputa-
tion donning it advisable to obtain the emictisa el-Lord
Shaftesbury (vial. man of the private committees of the
Rims, of Lath) obtained an audience of that nobleman, by
whom they were informed, that he akin* in MM, to the
clause allowing the costs of the petition's. The deputation,
bating realm to behave, &achy insfsdbig too sanded upon
this po of they might endanger a Mt so beasddaf tone
town, consented therefore to the withdrawal of the clause;
but le governors, by the Madan of llr.
Sir Grey Sltipwith, and dir. Litelelboe Iwo looknikoo to
pay certain Ms of the opposition to the annant 3•01.
Law Kienies.;—ithee enc.-Mike eneordinnif hietintes
of the expensive. prollshy in legal proceedings whkdriss
a. hag disgraced oat jusispeadsoce occurred in the mat of
WhMsld v. Witham at the 'lltioliked' Aslant -leer eillk.l
eaglet a
13114 Mint& Wheels, engaged. it: yea.
yisr,. to manage their Ironworks, at salary • f
lead ileswertiodin of their contact wed tomprined ill tatty
.wards, Ira a Ir la" of paw. Two Of three menthe al-
terwardsMesies. henry lothamed to Mr.Whinfielithat his
service were Outline W them; and that iltetsoatiNhest# to
lean op the foilowlag Ludy-day. re objected to sushi tend..
akin of thi' t; upon which Mews. it: informed
'Murtha shim inoompoket to esillthodulies
fur .whlch he had segaged, ar.d should penis, in retinas to
*hid *gas .bspoled Lady.day. i hey did so:* and Mr.
Whialliblimesghtbiteirtion tee reamer' his full paean-
lary. W,itl it be credited that the deleratioo, or to speak
loots liallhrlY, the 'onteenient of Mr. Whinileld'i claim
was anteithd to Rawly IN late Nies 11 7* words seek V.
Ulm andication to to Coen to curiad this document, it
Pwaitildosid aboutinobilf; but still enough td 011 Oro or
be. althei of perihissaV!
Mr. Km" km been, during the present week, performing
atiiiiheare those characters, Which; from &Sir Inareling
round of repedthm, whines on Meerepolium or testOincial
boieekhave new become almost monuments widatels name.
Ilitthetk, Ind' Mr Wide Overtweil, its.
neurally ipselimmed on Alooday, Tinder, Wednesday, and
Thursday eveniags, and as a cor.cludiog psrfennance,for the
'know, rebore: that -It b be 'Molest , 161 bet,
bane was inecuid lag sending._ ;11Vatr. 140. !us inn
when, when, to lien wi.nemed the positenumes of Mr. Keen In
say of the alostreheenters, oriellinffitrhopSeldek bit them
to sesame, las to have Inked . apes peMestion; tout it is
now to be sidl in sinew, that that time exists no beget—
'ler the caergyiand lateens 'beauty 'of the paelskohilose le
gun; and woes remain is but a shadow, us d
numbing palpable, that once ankh pleas 4 ands.d.
Sr. Ma artire.—After so-morrow, &i
will be closed foe a few weeks, fur the rupees of internal
repairs and cleitning--a prone it his for a long time needed..
Morin ben-won tail. Vans rethevag the eater betel
screen whin dingoes this edifice, and presenting Abe uld
&uric shieb, it hi ascertained, is in a very good stew
utwesetvation;•tte whin wen bricked her, as atjUktirin
the kind &atomism of our ancestors to preserves One
sit nun &infinities tit the view of dick great
Mr. Lawrence, eilveneitin, of this town, has Amnia 11l
patent of importance to equestrians its object is whoop del•
saddle-girdle In continua tension, With capibiKei effeaftne,
ems or thempressain.
Illtastisonam, Anon'? 4.—We-have land red sup-
`ply of ad description of grain-ar tottlayi manse plan
.austinel. Wheat, pertelb& Old sue! Pow, tee to
Barley pee imperial quern, in nod MU to das
phiding, per lain is lid to as;- Alakelpet.
old and new, his to Ns ; chats, per AWL.. ohl ead ant, 3;
Id to 4s ; Beaus; per bag, 16 score gross. old, Ile
seta, las toll.; Flew, per sack llabs.'nettenvidiße
Se d•. ddis to Saw
gear iitaltes. AUG. o.—There was a plintiftd stapplf.'
'Moplide to t wee. tdOispetion.
satvartztv, Attu, 4.—Both fkif wad Monoair
more plintiful.. Beef,lll6 Maid Mutton, Id toed; Yak,
lid to 60 per lb. Fat pap, 111 te Os lid pit more.
Ablitlll,ll4l-11* Rev. John Kaye, ILA. to Ann,
only ilia e f tians'6llbut; Esq. Cemidealill,•Dbeitbibuit.
—At /bun, Air. Warring W ebb, u( Matichemdir, es Icahn&
Jane, eldest daughter et Mr. iiiibert,Wrillitean, hookinOst.,
'—ett, Dudley, die. L Y Belmont, of dlialfael,, se
absehals, eldest nughtcr of the late t. them
• Wan. lt. Jones, of Unit radingtenvlllso.At
,fitoutheage, Thousas kkeetybnne, sliute, a.
ineisaate lee the cantles tif tS alfueditraTWeser, N..—
Cake, No. surgen, d fitariedolgift enr..i..abnaker;t'

rof the Sill Neglects of Coves try, the a,
Mt be wordi lathe t but whit it ts nats,4;
int huh le wet owe et do greet but
aleph tsides or pt
terser of the esuldry the bi lidailhistefrbat he gtest tap,
tslisto and masters In each are huh is complaints, no:,
=Zig remunerating prat% but abbey living upon d„,,
err compounding with their etedisios, the qtts.i •
ingenues gas of the oast permeate hapeetesce ; and if the
in litrierettai theekehe ow ors dtyliin
nllgi rritanz
lightbee a meath or two longer, menthe
of thebehha bill will sot protect the ministry
Roes ho asegesdess which will mall thee from West Ine,a
gad eginpiel iheneW heft the sllk aid &vs trades, barn
goit
the igga auk gal hew a mat heeded swam fawn the
nsanwhentrers coma' hi he high width vow abstatl,-,,
Iwo a amass 4 ibi hale lilp della of the esguala di.
gad taliseumeurk Niut is the madam ef :bow
elided bourse* utemehiswess the perpetual "amiss which
was 'Asa of dr. ilialmq ilisi ph 11. Y Earl OrtA Sir r.
Otaluen, Sir 11. Thwithaseed shut umbers of the mint
mildewy, who phase ft be liesilealidy swevcant is tb,
corn gambit, I. shapeless of lehawish in for essamm.
the articles, in the ouevelity, la utedwies la gugeoLin
sheet, in what is gesetelly ear.lediphided oatong. Whit
la ft, ere an finely eadded to eh, he wall hese patriot,
eta* P Dohs. the lest taint ireenihs has he awed capital
se wealth of rtes bluipieen Magma gr diuslahhat t floe
the new a wheseepsta.leildty wage deamesak er awe
one wham in will& bee NAM te develop
such limpeitame ls, la fact, the Nubia of
the mess of the :to= It is from as hew,
spirit, hews ne say asielelqe he lees bat
an inclination to doeseieste the resources et OW SION%
to paint its distress end Its diaculties la lows sy on:
lied despeadency, that we make-hese %O des.
antodailiTateteenthrd4llllll;orzersigkeyealoosil Lellitalor
theafffmagesingesisishig:
lathes relative to the duties payable for the Illethehe Ugh%
as proposed by the Commotion firths ?rink!. Reuse :

British OM. mesquideue ••• •• 94 per tee.
Coasters and Irish traders .. per to.
Casters hetwesu Land?. End and St,
David's Head aS. per mkt
Foreign wench pr#vlkgad as British ... per ton.
Foreign meek' net soprivileged 1 td per ton,
BRISTOL LEATRRR Manter„-Heary Crops. per lb.
174. to I9d. Light and Middling, 13d. to 154 Buiblon,
ISd. to lid; *Middlings, I3d. to lid ; Butts, lid. to 181 ;
lame Betts (serous) 19d. .to lid; Best Sadler.' Hide.,
174. to ISO ; Common ditto, 14Id. to 16/d ; Shoe ditto,
I6d. to 16d.; Welch Hides, 16d. to 16d ; Bull ditto,
1314. to 15d; Shaved Hides, lid. to 214 ; English srd
Welch Horse Hides, 15d• to lid ; Gentian ditto, lid. to
Spanish -ditto, Md. •to 10d ; Shaved ditto, without
Wt., each 12'. to 13s. 8d ; Bellies.. 9d. to I Id. pet lb
Sheuiders, I2d. to 13d ; Best Pattern Skins, 22d. to 244 ;
,Game ditto 104. to 22d; Heavy Skins, lid. to
Mil ditto. 1.114. to 134 ; Welch Skins, lid. to led.
MARRIED.—O. 0. J.. Prier, Ilsq..ef Pigeomford, Cr.
dipnshite, to Ellen, daughter of Sir John Owen, Batt
M. P.—At Westbury.on•Trym, Henry Birch, ECK, of Doi.
Na, to HeAriette Sarah, eldest daughter of John Sipe,
of Cote.
DIED.—At Canningtoo, 21, Mary Ann, 'sly daughter
of the late Heavy Shoe, Esq. of WI/shoed House.
DUBLIN FREEMAN'S' JOURNAL, Aug. 6.
A stranger who might saunter along the Customhouse
quay youaday. woad at mice *rite • down Ireland and her
pm* as too of the richest modems es sank. There were
ye Ism dna seas stemmets lyimgolmeg .the wall, reedy*
roes datut Moos of fat beifaratad.owooad docks of sheep,
rherlcmfda bashes of. pets ein Liverpool srd
"diets. This stmes, is, prima fork, a
sign of wealth: but to those who bow an Wag at In.
land, it Is twAltat impalas' or vela sad§
If die otaloodate daw were peataatayalippod toe
owowitelowdaok silt their pdumerare s awes bock re.
ila?*mak would thalltalsease of gratalition to
%at Whims "the . ore starting. when
• IN dleumaudiNiaithodingamontergatioalloadtg
40 Aldo Wk. it•io dear Nil
aad do of of da. people eamparted to Itagiad, in
*et- to *se up a racii.4**Fee estase obahlseded ab•
wrt*, ma. rfausaw weds klu7l
aniPeriefie.
Mel aina, on isdislaildeld Man abalryteaupoi
w*igNiaajuatt, dal*.
_aippautaaas *rip dot
up 11mi atakeily road sise led
Wonted to dm pao4 jury eltatlie.wmiswelint
ipi=ere'rsteiV= mansidleideets `,ti11..,
Clitarasia igloo qa
t could not be resisted, and Ihritialut wadi
...mortean- dal; hid see • the • Tyson Padepsadast Oat
trammed the promisum.bt.'lTtay vompilepssFeween.'
eta* stbsi,:•bevier starsimisl, due lemmiess, lottaatad tk
las at Pie aid ;111htpesee marling I—Newry Es.
&abler. -
Huse s Orr tcr..--Thirriay a Mr. Pewee; s vat
Napes:table old gelideutan, smeared :the oflee with•ids fen
ttlaibiting marksik several cats aid 'bruises iodine& spa
him, as be statatitlty his son in law, a Captain Mitts, of
tPl.oaeltrl,schilaimes pew ,iyhte in the Comma-home
=ems. 1. -Pmeartetaliktinambiehr•assewey-live you
sit age. thee this morning, shut the hoer of two skid,
Capeein Midst kroabal vonajdallabitaitowei Ind gbh tbe
Woo had at %Ist boot ailed - sew the
eye, without any pomade% but .that Amu. of Air.
Peewee hating audialositad 'ter * ‘lllo`daughtet, Ads
'is tomeried 'to • Copia willeks, ulna t the theadiat
ttasatato she ars' .thoa awahileigtimattalto leads ei be
ismebOmd.../I••fottlusatittad, sitat4ll46 Web would, if at
" glee oaks la the coque, et so hoer, us swear
bet 'Thestaterneet azd sp.
etihoi geidommt•sseemelivo mach& the com-
adiesafte ad4tha,moilasotematad sly 'sun, liat " the
doiaadaaa.isagaatte sad da!szetTailutinit
et.
=0 euIISJ
111SIIV'hils tarot towaltalilmet. ' fir; rug :Woe Ism
_

&Kb as

lig _
!=
hisiit "be wassitesi 31 r: Paw lliAttlasftesksisisco. Jeger-vf as hour 11p.. Midis
came dews so thecae is ss. lama& car. sad made her ip.
peones Were the megiotosies pinioned by letreideat 680-
ter, a girl of about 13 Taco of age." She was sat onthe wo
11114/illithe Mel ofcle nil s.shipargeormi swocnusted.
sod ea nine hercest betaciste writ sad Wvlis 100 fit
a fsw ammasts, sad alms Witted. Her daughter sad
+toed father bung env her iiyiag, and et the paw time
c.isqf net 'feet to- tons • her. • This wisionebely sew
- wholly' at she saignmeo .Bml ;miry pm
Whits -.slur ,hod • sestanwhis ,rearreeed. )Ir.
A her it it was bee imagism i• saw ithella-
-.Mt Isif Iniebilld km' they mmisth. She assured
...eniedly id' doe idbsisive.•l4lslag inlet Mg 08
nilissieditste is Wish sheens Jai- to smweloreme ha'
peitoissisformadosa maw *we sp. so •.shs matasest of
Mi.waa ri‘Z2,toatl'obt InVergautetait the&
' °alb
da:ahkist
premise matmer. It apposed. assures the innsatkes that
thiledilhad Sew married ohms. pew to thscsio Mail
bimbiss obi has bad Inchildess Jiving.. as two Issuer
+nein sho'sss obliged SO wpm* host blot, is coma.
*seise st kis eldest tad berbendllseasohor et heti and
hod on thse 'nursed se him, isdessi.l+, his estessuo
it ~MI real kind bilaspiese nen bet is
Issues. This slowing, however balms the *croft se
sated two pideeir., be maw i home ssaidested and ajlad fa
meet Nose. Al ti. Mein, is the Ma sltllia
sassier, begged etbiroset ts tones imece,:alsw
tun* kisisehise her dews withitid dissolutilissEsisi rue
tgiall es Int sissaseity k slakes@ jo ri
.thissiphii . her hi thiniem atheties -1115
--.3.--Vaelilk. Hoc ehisilla lbcksil tie ilsose, *id A& do
OrgissiethretholswcwlNhis. iheiselkhdlidiesilekilb
letimeilhook ellds essiop4l/ *mom
Garcia Hicks nee. so illskino. kla maw* sad that*
hishes.la4sil wis the nee ',AIL' It 'wend diereses,
IhekelhiAsied oh YIN to Wald.' and 'Wage IS WV*.
Inek4 *moo is ispe.oet 1101111130 sowasysillOty
.. ..
' - -4. Om

IM Ipisok?t.,

41 party of Irish were eyprOprisisceli*eaurios tai sesuivetny the Lea eisolatiou,
cit oir lisir Aseinn&-Tho Cl;in. Alki.t. ' Goole ri=lot ' Win kl. lialrimalu-Ai ' Gab his-"="bioneelt litho MY itiligglieoll two NMI° en°
tov'n ki ON fast "w Oa l', 111 -4l''. 'lira tie a lir: P 111.114 blitlecaitiiinin Olliv.A.Weows 1 Otitind Pk, Pigs' "a.' vie of4ljr. loass..tiatiliwitpwspeof At wine et the hid bell to Algid
63"-",:asievAluau.plahaibilkrablesli4r. *his iminatlielr bet in"thr heft line *bed 111. asr
- • messy wasp mi 411VMON1 enemas ineaspille.by Bog w
- air. yawn!, iisn. sarysee, a hislasbellli, 112-446,11eurs Iles ilem„. Tmassirageumika4 die dank* fiat
lul thste of theta mil-. I "al i tigit" %.4',-(1..- ft" ealraa`al' has Prevail" is dais 1111lia 1° the CilaDd Jos=e tali' 14191.0ba1. __lll4allaii.._.s .L...,___.14 ika4. hi*
late
lairt"'.ut
the
114621114.
Nint"ll.
84.-At
."
I constables were out, • - . • •of ego - •
aitt, ' ' sit et '
~ L00nt44.. law!. .__
_l'‘k• 4 _ .peered allaaall!! ielfletteolllddi bpi} 6.11& 4. &1141/.111• .#l4 4" Ky lei, et CO:eater; di-Ilibitet ':
Idiom •Men lislightp .11611111.1 lingtinnt... la" 611°64 111116 IIII" **Biers':
trage was peTatz?ima. ! pa, a the rook ..a =rip( teaprame ariPlisi al. mu Arheed. Ile ein4 . tbeittJultAtllo " ' ..____.' 40 it, H. 08,64 lb* sy,AilraisTlLin, du, agra,y•eimacii; mumbli•tret.,.....mkam orodos‘teis**lll •I"
and vie ale Ntppy to . pey-ossiscri iisolkt-leio In WitiiZin. tint n 4148 Z4:08. and Ike 14491"517* 1° ' • an" Virgin" °awl; Robyn Joins, lin* 54.-At 41. i. _ineviiiii, '
,c(i'llil 7''''lr'ione.'3.,...c...w. anti no 3i lousy. The. irk.
be axpteied. rote: Chliidi; but ifter:.eirds ' ued le the n ' oiscrideo et awl Ise tee A generally bopped that ibe Iwo ,5,••• -..., ', widow ot llama . Liu 4. "Iv .:..,,_
_, . •
• bawd Moon. *nal /Wei *air
_4.1 ontiViodionis.oug et tbe orttima VC Vtial be bat &aided .was sesi4y • au'llY4 y Y" "111 "I peennitht 'lles saw* seedndei no to NB led 1,,,...1
de before 11, o'clOck , I, bra, umniuM,,,, liy a* eilliddoelu bo,m• Isliitrehliiiii ' Issensoned.. hinenabury.
too, 2116 a Al to4dfoollotooidoe. ,101.1111 to I It; tom'
rendove of Mr. Hasid., -iara's'idclia,tiiuns Ornope)! WWI to In delthno., oh ' kiwi Lisittrasao...-LA dbuisimmet seek dins...o4 us "'MIX PARLEY'S BRISTOL J04111,11:41., avg. h. jdou i•ALS_lit.liercirc 'Dot Ms se 7.0 ; tikra.. ditto' --
.._
near Holt. ki *Om :1144.. t.tatAta..L.6”. "'um.
12,741.411-.3114 4" W 01/484.1111endag at W4kall• Mar eliirbeliseght Wilith ST4Ti Olf TM Cipousreav ult.:zit
in wara so Uh t Widpkg, mop so/ di id 67a t Oampod. Fr tas.
' Irtileh iris 'msistl*. -- 7.. us.
shiny ai- tnidtiktston.aulTh4 i lan ben- 'llt to 12L .
le,ll.°n P. 21,1; Sir '1"".01- •Lrii-41,1h-;1171-ibriaik lit bifriia du' ' *be, alba ;sirad,"=atalttlu'Ulegth./4: 4blasloes; he. may. ': •et neatly olowtiosibli ialgt%
ask. :141aibiala -44 Widailetuud44Thsomi .flu'i' 8".
•. 1 Fl* Medan' re u- bcfrtoi -viral knell, eamialiced"bini. In lan We weektif Ai: trlebekin;lrbis 'bait' beim "e4itey ' ' 'lr. a premature a uutintsoiotkig to ask. whit base they ebb ' ollioste 'Game Utor.
dro4_ if 0004
1,17 upon the walii I: -7- hits On .Iloirnidey , i Path. *silt et whew werelblyping.larlda beg" - •'' .. • nkliCessidisien.et thniteeple. MN* WAN, hey ' , .0, • '. Li
irs Alex: Wm
tiller. was a kirlity ~ limit: lii left glai awe its Ai. .141,15, baWis4 W , fild isouPmeir Pm-6 ' ..5.ii,7 1 .«, ,I i Oivilarii aiblidleriegUbinieleir,—ktiili i ' •-• '• , iii ir •494 r .' .. , ..411140i1l ~, •
11Falles, ' snake illi oche wooed u . lis, a . ' fur
~ -,. .• • 1 sails re i .O. . titrzet=s4.l.6 ; " ~...4 . .7. ilwt Owe*
n I
. 4,,,,ft.
• le. •
liblindsoll ellyymnser •`b 4
de
' ,hi
• ' • . ' -'
a ii rongoat grobott I, •• ARNltir.-giouteffiest "Idot
.'4fitOdt" • tiotaiiit ' - ft“; milt .
1 . .
v.,..L
"r " • 80_41'41/ uribilittuluis,._4l' • . . , iolittoemotiolablioboitildmionitAilluaal_ .
411i:oaf OW. -''. 't Philitiertalifilidlcseionif liitietter it elndiCebb. reulb poi. .T=is x ottooirdiftsgroili . •At mlt* ad illvotootitoit thill a I 41,4111APPSilielieb lb 1464.10.1141 Wile ll*
o
••. • •
. .
