.crier, raised her to the condition of a kingdom, by
Decree of the 16th December, 1815, exulted
joy. Portugal, on the other hand, was filled
rage and trembled with apprehension. The deli
which the people of this vast continent shewed on
occasion was unexampled; but they did not wit
in the train of this political measure anMbsr wh.
should have followed it, and that was, the convoca-
tion of a National Assembly for the organization
the new .kingdom.
" Brazil, ever sincere in its conduct, and mortified
at having borne the iron yoke for so many years be.
fore, and even after this measure, seized the occasion
when Liberty was proclaimed in Portugal, to send
forth a cry for the' Portuguese Constitution ; fondly
trusting that such a proof of confidence in her Euro-
pean brethren would be rewarded with their aid in
freeing herself from the foul monsters which were
destroying her most vital parts.
" The inhabitants of Brazil, who truly loved their
country, never meant to submit to any Constitution
under whicH all men did not share equal rights, or
Whose objects were to change them suddenly from
freemen into slaves. The obstacles, however, whith,
rviously to the 26th April, 1821, were opposed to
Drazilian liberty, and which afterwards continued to
exist through the aid of European troops, becOme
also the cause why this people, fearing that they
inight not be able to possess an assembly of their own,
were allured to follow the inTamnus example of the
Portuguese Cortes, and to see whether they could not,
by making such'sacrificel, escape the insults of the
demagogic party which 'predominated in our hemi-
sphere. But this availed nothing; we were so mal-
treated by the European troops, that I myself was
obliged to order than to the other side of the river—
to place them in a state of siege—to command them
to embark and proceed beyond the Bar, in order to
save the honour of Brazil, and to enable us to enjoy
that freedom Which was ours by right as-well as by
desire, and to gain which all our labours would have
teen ineffectual, if we could, amongst ourselves, have.
given way to a party hostile to the sacred cause.
" Still we were net entirely liberated from our
fbes, wl-en a few days afterwards another expedition
arrived in our port, which had been seut from Lisbon
to protect us. I took upon myself the protection of
the empire, and relued to receive it. Pernambuco.
Jid the same, and Bahia, uhich was the first to ad-
here to Portugal, in reward for its good faith, and its
late discovery of the true course which it ought to
pursue, is in the present day suffering from the cold
w`ar of these Vandals, and its city, occupied by them
alone, is on the point of being razed to the ground,
because they canuot delendthemselves in it any longer.
" Behold, then, that liberty-which Portugal is deal
sirous of giving to Brazil; She would condemn us to
slavery and bring about our utter ruin were we any
lOnger to obey her orders ; and this would have hap,
pened but for those heroic exertions which, ihrougls.
'the medium of representations, first made by the
Junta of St. Paul, and the Chamber of this capital,
ansl after them, by the other Juntas of the Govern-
ments, and the other Chambers, all uniting to im-
plore me to remain amongst you. It appeared to
me that Brazil would be reduced to misery if I had
not attended to them as I did attend. Well did I

know that it was also my duty to listen to these re—
. quests, although it might expose my own life; but, as
it was in defence of the Empire, I was ready, as I
am-now, and ever will be, to saclike it when neces-
sary. I pronounced these words--esr it is for the good
of all, and for the general happiness of the nation, let
the people be informed that I well remain ; recommend-
ing to them at the same time, exits anti tranquillity.
I began immediately to prepare ourselves for repel-
ling the attacks of our enemies, till then concealed,
but afterwards detected either in our own counlry, or
in the democratic Cortes of Portugal, pointing out
those measures of precaution which prudence die.
tated to the different public offices, paatieularly those
of the Interior and of the Foreign Affairs, which I
still continue, and which, will be communicated to
you at the proper time.
The state of the public treasury was the most
unfavourable, inasmuch as, until within the last four
or five months, there was only a provincial revenue.
This rendered it impossible to distribute the revenue
in the necessary proportions, as it was insufficient to
pay the creditors of th State, the public officers in
actual employ, and for the support of my own esta-
blishment, which amounted to a fourth part of that of
the King my august father. That of his family ex•
ceeded four millions, mine did not amount to one. In
spite, however, of very considerable diminutions, I
was not satisfied when I observed that theespenslitare
greatly increased the income, and therefore restricted
myself. to the habits of a private,individual, receiving
only 110,000 mil-reas, for all the expenses of my
household, excepting those of the Empress, my be-
loved wife, to whom was continued the allowance
used by her marriage settlement.. Not, ho'wever,
contented uith making 'lrma reductions ho my own
households whet 1 began, I watched all the distribu-
tions of the rases, as was my duty, desirous of abridg;
ins their expense) as well as of preventing their mis-
appropriation. . _ _

(liis Imperial Majesty proceeded, to state that, during the
igitation of the public mind and the deficiencies of the public re-
venue, the Bank, u Web bad been se the verge of bankruktcy,
was enabled by the transmission if twe's hundred nriMons iti eJin
by the Mug, John Vt. to redeem its notes and to re-establiih
its credit. 'llse different (Akers of Government received their
salaries, the soldiery were paid, and the l'roVinciad Governments
furnished with the means of detente.]
" Among the estraordiniry expenses of the country were to
be included the freight of tue- ships employed in the different
expeditions which sailed from this port for Lisbon, the cat of
some vessels ands arrangements for others, the payment of
the civil and Military *ricers of G'oirtronsent, and the allow-
ances made to the refugees expelled by the violence of factions
and tumults in the provinces. The expenses have been no doubt
very great ; but still nothing has been taken except from Bib
Chest of Gratuities and Sequestrations of the property of those
who were absent for political opinions, and the Cheviot Loans,
(which had contracted a debt of 400,000 mil-real in the purchase
vessels of war for the defence of the empire), and the jewels
tram the Chest of Administrations.
" Throughout all parts of the Administration the greatest
fornui.are taking place, but more particularly in that of the Ex-
chequer, the principal resource of the State.
" The army was deficient in ammunition, soldiers, and disci-
pline; the ammunition has been promptly completed, soldiers
are enlisting daily, and our discipline will soon be on s footing
wish that of the best trovs in the world. Twice have I sent
succour to the province of Bahia ; once a corps of 240 men, and
the second time 73.5 men, composing a battalion called the Im-
perial-Battalion, which was enlisted, armed, and fitted out in the
epate of eight days. Besides this, there have been formed a
regiment of foreigners, and a battalion of artillery, composed of
manutuitted slaves, both of which will be completed in a short
