THE KING.

WINDSOR, AUGUST 2.--The KING left tho Royal,
Lodge yesterday, and drove to the Fishing Temple, where
he was shortly joined by the Duke of CUMBERLAND,
who arrived on a visit to the KING. His MAJESTY,
Royal Brother, and suite went on board the pleasure-
boats, and took an excursion on the lake until five
o'clock, when they proceeded to the marquees, and
dined. His MAJESTY, after dinner, returned to the
Fts' Mg Temple, and enjoyed the diversion of angling.
About eight o'clock the Duke of CUMBERLAND re-
turned in his travelling-carriage for London, and his
MAJESTY drove back to the Royal Lodge. The KING
took an airing this afternoon, and is expected to visit the
Castle.

7- •

COURT CIRCULAR.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND left his residence in the
King's Palace, St. James's, on Saturday morning, for the Royal
Lodge in Windsor Park, en a visit to the Kum. His Royal High-
nen dined with his Marren. and afterwards returned to town.
The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE gave a grand
dinner, at an early hour on Thursday, at their resident* in Bushy
Park, to the young Queen of Poe and the Ladles and Gen-
doom of her suite, who arrived from blebs= in the early part
of the afternoon.
Summonses were issued from the Foreign Office,
Downing-street, on Friday evening, i.e holding a Cabinet Council
terday afternoon. About four o'clock yesterday afternoon the
assembled at the Foreign Office : those present were—
n't Lord Chancellor, the Duke of Wellington, that Earls of
Rosslyn and Aberdeen, Viscount Melville, Lord llenborougb,
Mr. Secretary Peel, Sir George Murray, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer' Mr. Herries, and Mr. Vesey Fitzgerald. The Ml.'
sisters continued in deliberation till di o'clock.
The Duke of WELLINGTON came to town to attend
the Cabinet, on Saturday evening, from Weimer Castle, Kern.
The Earl of Azzsozur came to town fir the same purpose, yester.
day afternoon from Tonbrldge Wells. The CMAXCILLOIL of the
si Exczoosa also came yesterday, from his seat near Dorking.
Mr. Secretary PEEL visited the Duke of W &Lux °Tow
yesterday.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

CHANGES.

Lord Robert Seymour for Tall;ris, sear Lan&lo in Wales;
Lard Monte for his seat in Scotland; General Sir John Keane
and Major Macdonald for Gordon Castle, Aberdeenshire ; T. B.
Pyle:, Meg. M. P. and Mrs. Fyler, from their house in Dom.
street, for Durham; General Hughes, from Regent.street, for
Scathed : Mr. Mrs. and Masters Partaker, from their house in
Grafton-street, on a tour; Mr. Godfrey Meynell for Bradley Hall,
in Dab • Mr. Delmi Radcliffe, in Piccadilly, from Buck-
s Me Karl of Ferrero, from Harley-street, for Mar.
gate; Lord Says-and-Selo for Belvidere Park, in Kent ; Capt. Met.
ea la Pali•mall, from Gibraltar ; Mr. T. Calverley, from Berkeley-
'guy*, for Ewell House, Epsom ; the Earl sod Countess of Cla.
rendes, and Lady Ellzabmb Wan, for the Grove at Watford ;
Mr. Rickard Norris for Basing Park, near Alton, in Hampshire;
the Hew Hugh Undsay, M.P. on a tour; Mr. and Mrs. Beilby
ac for Amick. in Yorkshire ; Mr. Samuel Smith, M.P.
fTorTse edball Park, near Ware, in Hertfordshire ; Mr. John
Smith, M.P. for Dale Park, near Amadei, in Sawa; the Hen. H.
Compton for the Manor House Southampton; the Countess of
Addeo* and Admiral Sir William Johnstooe Hope on a tour ' • Lord
Kenyon and the Hen. Misses Kenyon for Gredhagton Hall, sear
Ratfinft, in Fl ntabire ; the Bari aad Countess M.snven,Viecoust
and the Viscountess Newark, and the Hon. W. Pierrepont, for
Theresby Park. near CNlertea, Nottinghamshire ; the Countess
Dowager of Mansfield for Ridanond bill ; Mr. Hoary !Owes
for Colesburn in Gloocesterhirs; the Coolness Pomfret on a tour;
Mr. John Stewart, M.P. for &affairs ; the Earl and Countess
Nelsen, for Trefalw-place, near Salisbury ; Lord Games, for
lwadeadaiy„ in Ireland ; the Rev. WMiata 011111.f.i Mrs. and
the Misses Garniw for Rookesbory Hall, near Farelssas. Hants ;
Mn. Raymond Barker, on a tour; Major Gardiner and Captain
Deleon, In Albensar-street, from Malta; Mr. Henry Shrine.
for Upham Hall, near Doper Rocks; Mr. Eyre Caste, for
West Park, in Hampshire; Mrs. Rigby and Miss Wykeham, for
Oxfordshire ; Mr. Robert Gordon, M.P. for Cirencester ; Mr.
Adam Gordon, for Hallaillemptead ; Sir R. B. P. Phillips, for
Placa Castle, in Pealstehealpire ; Captain Carter. in Brutes.
' 'Met, from the Hague; Lent.-Colonel Petendorff, is Pall.
auk from Berlin; Captain Barker, in St. James's-place, from
Paris Captain Macdonald, in Sackeille-street, from the lonian
Iskads. -

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.
--..w.--
Maim ARMED Tin Dar—Diablin 9—Waterford 11--Sweden 1..-
Hanaborgh I—Flanden I—France I—Holland I—Leeward
Blends I—La Guayra 1.
The George and Elko of Riga, has put into Chriatiansand leaky.
and will be obliged to discharge.
Ilse Middlesex, from London to Quebec, Is wrecked Dear New-
feundiand ; several of the crew have arrived at Labrador.
The Waisingham, from Bermuda, and the Thames, front Quas-
i bee, is supposed to be arrived in the Downs.
Dam., Ave. I. Wind light and variable,—Arrived the Seamy*
Yates, from Bombay; Enchantress, Head, from St. Vincent's;
Beaufort, Sandie% and James Harris, Tally, from Jamaica; Ge-
neral Colin, Larkinson, front St. Anders; Matchless, Nail, from
the Brazils ; Manlius Johnson, from Java; Jackson, Clarkson,
from Grenada ; Endeavour, Canniest, Emerald, Storer, and Ben-
jamin and Mary, —, front Quebec ; and William and Alfred,
Drysdale, front Andgua. Arrived from London the Cecilia, ........
for Rio Janeiro. Arrived the Clifton, Curtis, from Jamaica; and
Hope, Nlallois, from the Cape of Good Hope.
Aus. L— Wind &S.W.—Arrived the Johanna. Bigg, from Gra
nada ; Harmony, —, from Minuitichl ; Spike, Morris, from
Bermuda ; asd Somanewhire , from Jamaica.
Postmaster, Am. I.—Wi —,nd W.S. W.—Arrived the Medan,
......., from Havannas ; Dryad, Swinburne, from Quebec ; True
. Briton, Balderston, from Trieste ; Lord Cochrane transport, -......,
from Ceylon—Sailed from Colombo the 14th February, from Point
de Gale fa March, and from the Cape of Good Hope Mk May ;
passed Sc. Helena 14th June. His Majesty's ships Java, Rain-
bow, Success, sod Pandora, were at Trincomalee; and his Ma-
jesty's ship Hinds gone to Bombay, to bring the Andromeda, new
frigate. His Majesty's strMaidstaae, Tweed, Falcon, Comet,
and Espoir, were at the . Sailed the Columbian; Delano,,
. and Nye Nye, for New ork ; and his Majesty's grip Athol,
for Africa. The Surrey, Kemp, is come out of dock, having sus-
tained very little damage, and is reloading with every dispatch.
Pinworm, Jan 31.—Wind N.--Sailed the Pentane, rinhaby,
' for St. John's ' • Cato, Thorn, for Quebec ; and the Dunk frigate
Ralpel, for Batavia.
FALIOOOTaI. JOLT 31.—Wind N.
Ago. I.—Wind N. W.—Arrived the Opossum packet, from the
Leeward Islands--ailed from St. Thomas's 4th July—spoke, end,
his. Mas 'a packet Goldlinch, for Halifax. Sailed the Falcon.
for St. Michael's ; and Sandwich packet, for Lisbon.
SWARM, Jam 31.—Arrived of port the John, Wilkinson, from
Janma.
Goom, Am. I.—The Rhoda, Cora, arrived to-day from Ham-
burg!, IN easing upp the river, took the ground at Ayster Ness,
and Map her . She has carried away the guard boards
00 the semeheerd side, damaged her sails, and it is feared she has
taken In water—me of the crew drowned.
Doan. Ave. I.—Off the port, Montreal, Eden, from Jamaica.
Swage, JULY Mk—Arrived the Thomas, Gibbs, from esehee.
Hinz, Am. I.—Arrived the Brothers, Butterworth, from
Mallargel; Rambler, London, from St. Petenbargh ; Hilda,
Ildlingtos, from Memel ; and liesolutiso, from Miramichi.
HOLTISEAD, Am. I.ollr the port, the Vara, Hardy, frost
Paraiba; Cowper, —, from New Orleans; Craniums Castle,
••••.-.. front Mirantichi ; Amelia, Walker, from Prise* Edward's
"lad. ; Kent, —, front Africa; and Corals, —' Iran Boston.
lamillaool., Jun 31.--Arrived the James b ailie, --N front
MANS; Balfour, Bee, from New Orleans; Arabella, 1441.A0d,
ties (lasbee ; Campo Bella -- and Aurora, Herring, from
MiranskM ; Henrietta, Owens, from Pinar; Royal Edward
end' Uremia, Medley,- from Bay Chaluer. The Prince Regent,
hound he Quebec, which was on shore:at Bast Hoyle, bas heen got
1r :. 'WI without damage, and proceeded on her voyage.
k.
-- ---- .
The Grand Dinner given at Burlington House, in
honour of the approaching nuptuals, was attended by the Duke of
Devonshire Marchioness of Stafford, Earl and Countess of Car-
lisle, Viscount Granville, Lady Charles Fitzroy, Hoe. Mrs. Stanley
and Lady Outride Sloane Stanley; lion. Charles and Lady
Wm*, Cavendish, Hon. Miss Levesos Gower, Hen. Mrs.
Ontsmasik and her son.
;Mr. William Cavendish (the intended
.. Mr. Gib. Cavendish, Mr. Itichaid Cavendish, Miss
F, . soil Cavendish, and the Moe. Was. Howard.
:17-Aclitedl -II x gra. bap been returned Member of Par-
. ammasiep.Ches, without any opposition. The Shoff. contrary
le 41991emiewbed ma haskixios to put k*.in. nomination-,—and
the people big perfectly saddled, evcrg.Mag passed of without
.Ist: -, ~. .: ~ , ••..t. • i

EAST INDIA COMPANY'S MO§OPOLY.

•

Just as we are on the subject of our trade with the
East Indies, and the great impediments and restraints
under which it is kept by. the Leadenball Company
through the operations of their present expiring charter,
we receive a number of the Aberdeen Journal, contain.
ing a synopsis_ of one lecture by Mr. BUCKINGHAM,
which we extract with pleasure from that spirited and
able paper. We give it—as we find it there—feeling that
any comment by us would only weaken the condensed
reasoning of the philosophical and intelligent lecturer:
feeling, also, that our own argument on the same topics
cannot fail to derive, from such coincidence, a great ad-
ditional consideration with the public.

The Lecture on the India Company's Monopoly, being the es-
sence of the whole, was listened to with profound attention; and
we doubt whether there was a single individual who before had
any idea of its being so full of evil to the country, or who did not
leave the room with a axed resolution to du every thing within his
power to prevent the renewal of the charter of exclusive privileges,
which Is productive of .uch unmixed evil.
According to the concurring testimony of the principal papers of
the kingdom. Mr. Buckingham appears to be recognised by common
consent u the individual of all others especially cakalated to effect
the overthrow of this eolossirs of corruption. Possessing what can
be so rarely found netted, the requisite knowledge, abundant zeal,
and a capacity to make even the driest and most intricate mat
tars clear and agreeable to hearers of every capacity, be cannot fail,
wherever he goes, to draw larger and larger audiences, and to
send them away converts to his views. His crusade will be a more
powerful and more successful one than any that has for a long pe-
riod been waged against any existing abuses; and wh his
name may be beard, the ft lends of free trade. of good government,
of religious instruction, of moral improvement, and of national ho-
nour and reputation, are bound to give him their earnest and cor-
dial support. We think, indeed, that no man in the kingdom
ought to be indifferent to his success, and that it will be &reproach
to the public spirit of the merchants and manufacturers of the
country if be is not placed in Parliament, to advocate their cause
there—as that is, after an, the only assembly in which the whole
nation can be addressed at once. We could proceed at much
greater length if we followed our own feelings on the subject; but
our space affords only room to give the following condensed ab-
stract of this powerful discourse

1. The history and constkution of the East India Company, with
the qualifications of Proprietors, and graduated scale of duties ob.
served by the Directors, ate alone sufficient to show their total
unfitness to direct either the commerce or the government of a vast
and distant empire.
it. The practical effect of their mismanagement has been. not to
benefit either country, but to increase their debts in each, as if they
were aware that they had a pui•ive int e in becoming more and
more embarrassed ;—this incapacity to exercise the trust reposed in
them is therefore of itself a sullici!nt ground for depriving them of
its further possession.
3. Notwithstanding the high antiquity of the civilization of
India, great even before the Macedonian empire, and the natural
progress of time. under any good system of government, to im-
prove all the arts and manufactures, the country continues to be in
the mama state of rudeness, in every thing that regards all these, u
when the East India Company first traded to it, more than two
centuries ago. and In very many instances it has declined.
4. The disabikies under which the English, who are not actu-
ally in the Company's service, labour in India, in consequence of
their living there by sufferance only, liable to be banished without
trial, and without a reason assigned, and the impossibility under
such a system, of any thing like justice or prosperity being attained.
5. The arguments used by the advocates of the East India
Company against the settlement of English merchants in the inte-
rior ; and the answers by which thew arguments are met.
• 6. The universal prevalence of a desire among the natives of
India, in every part that has yet been visited, to possess British
manufactures of every description ; the imitative and even osten-
tatious disposition of every class to resemble the English in all
tanforbidden things I and the obstacles to the gratification of this
desire, beyond the mere precincts of the three principal settle-
Monts or ports.
7. The revolting spentitions of the Rhoden+, in the pilgrimage
at Juggernaut, the fair at Hurdwar, and the confluence of the
mamma and the Ganges,—from all of which the East India Com-
pany reap an absolute profit ' • and the burning widows alive,
from which the Brahmins also derive great gains • as well as the
Manua Poojah. and other nameless abominations, common
throughout the country. The widows are burnt at the rate of two
a-day throughout the whole year, so that these horrid fires are
never extinguished.
8. The routes alleged by the East India Compaur for not in.
Uttering with the tnenners, customs, &c. of the Hi ahe as
well as fallacious ; as they have taken away the lives of Brahmins,
held captive and even pawned their idols, dethroned their Princes,
and violated all their rights, whenever it served their purpose.
9. The example of Lord Wellesley, in abolishing the practice of
drowning infants at Savior, proves the nee with which all such
murderous practices may be abolished ; and the testimony of the
most able and mast experienced of the civil and military servants
of India, is uniformly in favour of the authoritative abolition of
the monstrous and inhuman practice. Difference between tours.
don devious and toleration of acts.
10. Effect of opening India to the settlement of Englishmen,
and the consequent improvement of all the productions of the soil ;
to abolish slavery, and yet to provide a reined
_y and a compensation
to those who might suffer by the change. Effect also in giving
interest in the improvement •of thetountry ; interest in defence
from invasion ' • interest in support of good government ; and in-
terest in the legislature of England.

1. Exclusive nature of the trade to Odes, and excessive jea-
lousy of the East India• Company at t►e least participation of
ethers in this trade. -

I. Profits derived from this, soelelently large to cover all the
losses on the trade with India, all the expenses of the wasteful and
extravagant mismanagement, and to pay a dividend to the proprie-
tors of India Stock. - -

3. Consequence of this exclusive monopoly—a duplication of
the price of tea, exclusive even of duty; and a quadruplicatioo in
consequence of the duty being ad Worms.
4. Universality of the use of tea makes Ms a tax bearing on all
classes of the nation, and even heavier than that on corn ; with
this essential differencei that the latter has at least the excuse of
being 'opposed to benebt a very large and influential Chas of the
community, and to render us independent of foreign aid; while
the former has the effect of injuring millions, without benefiting a
hundred individuals, and of giving to foreigners a wealth in which
Englishmen dare not pardcipate.
5. Vast population of Chios, sod active and consuming charac-
ter si the people. The market for English goods in that country,
ti admitted in free traden,gres ter than that of all the world besides ;
and their disposition to receive our goods, shown by their now
Robe cotton-twist and piloted goods, sent frosnlianchester through
American vessels.
s. Reduction in the price of tea would necessarily lead to in-
creased cessamption ; and this return alone would be sidlicient for
an immediate supply of manufactures of every description, including
hardware, porcelain, cloths, silks, cottons, and all kinds of orna-
mental luxury ; besides the increase which always takes place in
every good article the moire it becomes known; as witness tea,
sugar, and indigo as Imports; and coetou-goods, cloths, and almost
every kind of Biel& wares, as export'.
7. The shipping and ammo of the country injured and insulted
by the existing , which prohibits English vessels and Eng-
Rah seamen, now ise want of employment in our docks,
rivers, and badman, Irmo istinsike Chins either out or home ; 1
while Americans, French, Dutch, amid Dimes, anchor la our very
ports, load for China, make fortunes for their owners and consign-
able provision for their crews, and laugh with contempt and deri-
sion at our starving artisans and seamen, who cannot and dare not
follow than. _ _ _ . • .

-i. Bursae sniped by the East India Company against the ad.
mission of British fret seamen in the ports of Mina, while their"
own and the Americana frequent them with misty, the most pre-
posterously absurd that the human imagination could conceive.
S. Doctrine of vested rights, inviolability of charters, easy col-
lection of revenue, safe government of India, Ste. which waist set
up in defence of perpetual monopoly, must be met by the broad
question of national rights—equal participation of benefits—the
good of the many rather than the benefit of the few—and the effect
of Free Trade to diffuse, not merely wealth, but moral improve-
ment and happiness over all the countries engaged in it.—.dbeniess

Hyde Park yesterday boasted a numerous cavalcade of
d►stinguished rasidanables; and Kensington Gardens presented a
most elegant promenade foe se►eral bows.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has taken the
mansion house belonging to Lord Amu. near Harwicb•
Right Hon. Gentleman and family will shortly leave London to
take pomade's of the prelude's. •
All the late rumours with respect to a change of the
akikor bad, we wedussad, no tbeedeties whatever.
•

LITERATURE; the FINE ARTS, DRAMA, ¢c.
