A general order has been read to the troops, announcing they may hereafter propose to assign to England. Ireland, an] Scot-
land respectively. Is this, we ask, a point of mere unimportant
that ail married non-commissioned officers wishing to settle
detail, or does it involve one of the most material principles of the bill ?
at Algiers, will be conveyed there free of expense, and Again, the popultion of England, Ireland, and Scotland is divided into
allotments of land granted to them. This measure shows the distinct classes of ri proo.:et Ts and labourere, and these arc of various
that the rumours of' that colony being abandoned are un- orders and degrees. Tnere are agricultural proprietors, tenants, and
founded. , labourers; there are manufacturer—employer and workmen ; there
' are commercial men and traders, and their servants and dependents ot
The indica/eta of Bourdeaux has a letter from Toulouse a hundred different description& Ministers have withdrawn so much
of the 3d inst. which states that 3,000 muskets, destined of their pledge as to leave it a matter of doubt., of negociation, and ot
for Spaiu, had been seized in the commune of Arius, traffic, how large a portion of the whole representation they may here.
. after propose to assign to the agricultutal, the monied, the commercial,
arrondissement of St. Gaudens. ,or the manufacturing edema respectively. is this, we once more in-
The Journal de Saone et Loire has the following article : quire, a point of mere ur.itnportant detail, or does it involve one of the
—" Our Prefect, in pursuance of orders from the Minister , most essential principles of the Bill ?
W ; that
of the Interior, has directed the Mayors, by a circular of I HERALD.—The motion of Mr. Fowell Butvon relative to the anti -
slaver
April 1, to send him on the Ist of etch month at latest, slavery question stands for this evening. Wool the precise nature ot
motion is, we do not pretend to say -it is sufficient for us to know
commence from May, a list of all foreigners who have' that its object is to accelerate the abolition of a practice which has
resided in their communes during the preceding month. This long stood condemned by the united seatenc.: of reason, religion, and
list will comprise three classes, namely-1. Foreigners (not
humanity, and which tarnishes our moral character, and is a deep
stain upon our civilization. But it is not our cultivated sentiments
naturalised Frenchmen) who have fixed their abode in the only—the pure and honest instincts of human nature revolt at a etate
commune. 2. Foreigners who without having a permanent of slavery. and not the proudest patriot of in: classic lands of ancien•
residence live there a part of the year to exercise their in- freedom felt a deeper abhorrence of bandage and its degradation that)
dustry or profession. 3. Foreigners who shall have resided the poor Indian, whose untutored mind
there only a few days." Sees Goo in clouds, or hears him in the wind.
Extract of a letter of the 4th instant from Toulon
Perhaps the greatest triumph of civilized opinion in modern times was
, :
the abolition of the .4 slave trade," for which Wilberforce and Clark-
" Our Roadstead now presents a very brisk appearance, son, and their fellow labourers in the cause of humanity, had so long
from the great number of armed vessels that are to form the contcoded under the most adverse circumsulnc:s, until, at length, the
squadron, of which it is said Admiral de Rigny will have the legislature adopted the principles which justice and Christianity had
command. A mutiny broke out a few days ago among the consecrated, and pointed the terrors of criminal law at those
workmen of the naval arsenal, in consequence of a reduction Who drive a loathsome traffic—guage and span
And buy the sinews and the bones of man.
But the abolition of the slave trade is, and must continue to be, in
of their wages. When the magistrates attempted to send
the ringleaders to prison, resistance was offered, especially complete until slavery instills rooted out.
As long as there are slave-
by the blacksmiths, who threatened to attack the gendarmes in our plantations there will be a temptation to illicit traffic in the rib:-
with iron bars. M. Bonnard, director of the port, addressed minable
getinchorenduifiseein'ghuman
arbteuirneg beings—and
the wretched
drat traffic .
emustta o
fb pro-
theeacii.
ductivegusting cupidity than the open and tolerated trade seas, objects
the s.:
rioters, and succeeded in pacifying them. Order was re-
erecy essential to carrying it on makes It necessary to adopt the mom stored, and no one sent to prison. All of them have since
resumed their work." cruelly ingenious modes of packing the contraband bodies of negroes it.
--,.... the smallest possible space between the decks or in time hold of the vessel
WARSAW that bears its cargo of misery over the tropical seas, pursued by the turns
amongthe edictal APRIL 4.—The State Gazette of Warsaw contains
ctal articles, two reports from General Zskrzynecki, one of desolated Africa. We arc aware that the question of the abolition of
dated from the field of battle at Dembe Wiclkie, the other Ist April, slavery in our West India islands has its difficulties, in consequence ot
10 e.s.—( These we have already published.)—The same paper con- the length of time in which the acquisition of slaves has been tole:atoll,
tains also the following account : and the property therein said to be acquired ; hut we also know that the
Mown 31.—Last night the Russians attempted to burn the bridge House of Commons, more than seven years ago, passed cetain resolu.
from Warsaw to Prager. They launched at Karesew three boats filled tions not merely declaratory of the sense of the house in condemnation
with combustibles, one of which had also *oval hundred shells on of slavery, but pledging the government to adopt effectual and
board, the bursting of which, it was supposed, would prevent any d decisive measures for ameliorating the condition of the slave popu-
persons from attempting to save the bridge, when it should be set on
tarticipation in those civil rights and privileges which are enjoyed
lotion in his Majesty's colonies, with a view to prepare them tor a
fire. Several boats, with Cossacks on board, followed at a dis-
tance, in order to set the fire-ships afloat, if they should y other classes of his Majesty's subjects. Now we believe we are
happen to run aground. The plan failed, for the fire-ships
correct in stating that no "effectual and decisive measures" have since
ran aground, and the shells beginning to burst, killed some of been adopted or enforced in the West India islands, to ameliorate
the cossacks, and obliged the others to put back. Two of the the condition of the slaves, and prepare them fir their long-deferred
fite.ships burnt, the third remained around; the explosion of the
, yyp,
emancipation. It is time that something shopld be done ; but we think
shells was beard for five hours, and hence it was reported that a heavy the case of the unfortunate woman Kitt H icon, which weublished
cannonade had been heard in the direction of Willanow. If the fire- on the authority of an official statement of Lord Goderich, in our paper
ships had not run aground, the object would still have failed; as every of Wednesday, sufficiently proves that in Jamaica, where the barbarities
precaution had been taken. occurred of which that woman was the victim, slavery preserves all its
Aries. I.—The success of yesterday is wholly owing to the bold on horrors, while the outrages which it stimulates power to exer-
and skilful manmuvres of the General in Chief, which were executed ease upon the helpless objects of its capricious cruelty are as unrestrained
with such rapidity and secrecy, that the inhabitants of the capital, by any sense of decency or manly feeling as they are free from the -
rasp of criminalland, compare justice. When we hear the situation of the poor of d
with that of the West India negroes, though all passed under their walls, heard at the same time of the be-
E
ginning of the action, and its success. The bridge of Prangs had been
covered with straw, that the rumbling of the heavy cannon passing over and when
we find that a bill of indictment preferred by the Auomey-General of
it, might not be heard. The prisoners brought to Warsaw are of the
Jamaica, under the direction of the Secretary of State, against the per.
24th and 25th divisions; almost the whole of the 95th regiment were
taken prisoners. The Polish regiment, called the "r of the cruelties upon Kitty Hylton was thrown out by the
Sons of Warsaw, Petri" .
Grand Jury, we must say, that nothing can be more absurd than to
which was under the command of the French Colonel Romarino, who
draw such a comparison; for however scanty the wages, however hard
was in the battle as Brigadier General, was engaged for the first time. the lot of the poor man in England may be, he has rights which
Field Marshal Diebitsch did not witness the battle, being just then en- the law practically recognizes, std which no man, however
gaged in reviewing the guards, who had lately arrived. Gen. Skrzy- great or opulent he might be, could dare to violate as the
necki had a horse wounded under him. The members of the govern- rights of humanity were violated in the case in question, without having
meat, Czartoryski, Barzykowski, and Count Gustavus Alalschowski,
to pay deeply in damages for the wrong, or undergoiug the sentence of
minister for Foreign Affairs, were in the hottest of the fire. The dati
a culprit at the bar of public justice. Indeed Lord Goderich says--
before yesterday, the dead bodies were buried: 500 men, provided wi " Were Ito assume the judgment of the grand jury to be correct, it
spades, were sent for that purpose. would follow that the laws of Jamaica afford the slave no protection
According to further accounts of the 2d April, in the same journal
from such sufferings as ere shown by evidence upon oath to have been
M. Plichts, Secretary-General to the Government, who was commis- undergone by Kitty Hylton." Is it not then clearly established that
dead to deliver to the General in Chief the cross of a Knight Coro-
something ought to be done, without further loos of time, to accelerate
mender, conferred on him, met him just as he had gained a further ad-
the extinction of a system so allied to barbarism, and so productive:of
vantage over the Russian troops. Captain Imaki, Aid-de-Camp to the
_,...e ?
Commander in Chief, has brought to Warsaw the standard taken on the ""'"
Ist: he left the General in Chief at Kaluszyn. Up to twelve o'clock
at noon on the 2d, seven thousand prisoners have been brought into
Warsaw, and more continue to arrive. Eleven cannon, taken in the
battle, have also been brought in, and eleven more are expected.
—Among the prisoners are twenty officers, of different ranks. A
very great number of the prisoner are from the Provinces, formerly
belonging to Poland.
The IVarsaw Gazette has the following article :—" In the night
of the 29th, the Russians attempted to pass the Vistula at Siekierki,
near Ciarniakow, but their design was frustrated by our troops.
Along the bank of the Vistula, occupied by them, they have erected
alarm posts, probably to effect, by lighting beacons, the passage
over the river, at the same moment, along the whole line. Accord-
ing to the statements of prisoners, the passage was to be attempted
I at five points.
FROM THE POLISH FRONTIER, APRIL s.—According to the
latest accounts which have been received, several Russian corps
1 bad collected in great force, between Kalpszyn and Seidlec, and a dal-
dee battle might shortly be expected. The Warsaw Journals contain
many regulations, and proclamations, of the Governor. General. He
smninds the inhabitants. that the city is still in a state of siege, and that
now, more titan ever, all depends on the punctual performance of their
duties, by the National and Civic Guards. Every one must be ready
to take the field at the first signal, and the smallest disobedience will
Ibe severely punished. The Governor having convinced himself, that
I in spite of all preceding prohibitions, several persons still keep arms
concealed, orders them to be delivered by to-morrow, otherwise suet
persons shall be shot, in conformity with an article which he has him-
self added to the military code. He also requires a large quantity of
Istraw for the army in Warsaw, and in the field.
The Vim-Governor orders all police officers and soldiers, belonging
to the camp in the field, who cannot justify their remaining in Warsaw,
Iby a written permission of the Governor-General, immediately ro join
A* %absents, on pain of being treated as marauders.—Prussian
gala Omrstie, April 8-9.
BERLIN, APRIL 8.
St Schuld rich. 4 per cents. ... .. 84j
Pr. English Loan, 1818, 5 per cents. ... tr7O
Do Do 1822, 5 pet cents.
Do Do Bonds, 1830, 4 per cents ... 751
1 Prussian States Gazette.
Tux Haouz. Aram 10.—Among the reports of the day, is the fol-
lowing :—According to a new partition of the National Debt, 15-31
are assigned to Holland, 15.31 to Belgium, and 1-31 to Luxemburg.
Aram 12.—The first Chamber of the States General has agreed to
Ithe loan of 42 millions.
Gen. Ukock has inspected the positions in Dutch Flanders. The
troops and the inhabitants are all animated with the best spirit& in fa-
vour of the King and country. The greatest exertions are making in
the dock-yards at Flushing. The Kalv, Kontenaar, and Waterloo of
the line are fitting out for sea, with all speed. Tice Ncliellenia and
Skelder corvettes are ordered to take up a position off Caltoo.
AMSTERDAM, APRIL 12...-ACIUoI Debt 2i pa cent. 391 f :
Amount Snynd 41 per cent. 641 851; Do. do. 3i per cent. 51 52.
lIPCHANGZ OW LONDON •••Il f. 90 en 11 87 5-10; two months, llf.
82j to 11 Ml.—Dutch Papers, April 13.

CITY. ONE O'CLOCK.

Consols have improved this morning. They left off yes-
terday at 78H for the account, and opened at 79} this
morning; at present they are 79e to ; for money 791.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing as yet.
CITY, TWO O'CLOCK.

The Funds have rather given way since the early part of
the morning, when Consol were 791, at present they are
78j 79 for the Account. For Money, 79 to j.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing.
We have private letters from Frankfort, by express, stating
that the Funds had got up there 5 per cent. owing to the
answer of the Cabinet of Vienna to the French Government.
Austria states that it is not her views to make any aggrandise-
ment in Italy, but wishes to be in friendship with France, and
the moment the revolutions are at an end in Italy, she will
withdraw her troops ; but until that is accomplished, they will
be forced to keep possession of some of the fortresses.

SPIJUT OF THE JOURNALS.
Tzwza.—A message from His Majesty last night was delivered to
the Commons., requo.ting that an adequate provision might be made for
the Queen, in the case of the King's previous demise. This, no one will
doubt, is a proper and provident measure, but long may that time be
deferred at which it shall take effect! In the course of a discussion
last night in the House of Lords on the presentation of petitions
for Reform. Lord Grey took occasion to say, in the most distinct
terms, that Ministers would stand or fall by the principle of their bill.
Let this determination be firmly acted upon, and fully understood, and
we will undertake to say that taey will nor fail.—Lord Carnarvon poured
forth a stream of invective against the bill, in a style worthy neither of
his great talents, nor of his candid character ; but the Lord Chancellor
rolled back the tide upon him with the vigour and impetuosity of a
whirlwind: flndependently of the essential merits of the scheme of re-
form, how can victory be doubtful when the cause is upheld by such a
mighty champion ?
PI:MT.—It is pretended by the discomfited and retreating revolu-
tionists that the parts of the reform bill which his Majesty's united and
unanimous ministers hare abandoned to chance, to scramble, or to in-
trigue, are not such as involve the principle of the measure. This alle.
gation we propose seriously and calmly to examine, and shall be greatly
mistaken if, when subjected to such an examination, it do not turn out
to be strictly equivalent to an admission that the bill was, from the first,
entirely without principle. England, Ireland, and Scotland are three
parts of the united kingdom, identified with each other, no
doubt, so far as regards their substantial and permanent interests, but
essentially distinct from each other in all that regards the manners
and structure of society—the popular forms of worship and prin.
clples of religion—the habitual temper and feelings of the people.
The bill to which ministers were pledged apportioned to each of
these heterogenous divisions of the empire a certain definite share of
the whole national tation. But ministers hays withdrawn
so much of their pp as to leave it a miser of doubt, of nma.
dation, or of tzar., w large a proportion of the repreeentailo
