dominion of the Emperor Alexander, with a separate Charter, and the
porthit=4ll/11t.
et stipulations, be granted a free constitution to
the and pee to the Poles, subject to the domination of Bus-
sis,teet Imp that they might shortly be united to their breth-
ren.
_Sifts, however, were not rataitoutt; be had previously
contracted aligatiens towards us. and we, on our part, had made
sacrifices in Mot% Nsforo and during the decisive •struggle, the
brilliant prodess made to the Poles who were subject to
the seeptea et atiessader, and the suspicions raised with re-
spect the kneatiene of Napoleon, prevented more than
one Pie helm declaring In his favour. The Mamas of Russia
was only Wahl to Ids premises in rocWming Nomelf King
of PAM, but as to that nedemality Rhodes which were to
Willi the gusettalses of the peace of Europe. we wise head to pur.
=hem subs price stow %dependance *et duet smash, of the
existence of natio% as If a durable pees mad be miabliebed
upon the enslavement of 16,000,000 of people—as if the moth of the
world had net Mien us that, even after an interval of age % notions re.
dnoed to furell6slllol4ondid sat always recover that hideradmes
which nao been onimesa for them by the CREATOR fees the
of rim, by having stgaratel/thent hms odor mama he higelghmila
Customs..-as itMs hew was fergetton by
oppressed ova bonen the attend allies of r may hippo rot:
up.ardnet their eppoieses.
But them maidens, though arbitrarily imposed, were met ful.
filled s the Poles wore act bog ban they became osovinced that the
nationality and the die of klogthea, gives to Patna! by the Emperor
of Russia wise but a km to **brethren, subject to mats Stated—but
a WORMS those in Stases—sad but a mere chimera to those
to whom those
ban guaranteed. They became convinced that,
sad, the of these sacred names it was Wooded to reduce
them to a male dmeadadas, and weigh than down by all the in-
/titian of a continued despollem, and the lees of the dignity appertain.
iag to mon. The measures taken spinet the army drat drew
aside the veil that covered this mystwiems plan. The most creel
caresses—toe most infamous palaments...the most reined penes.
torn Mead the Conotandialmadel, near the rotates of maim.
tainlog amalgam. but the tea object of which was es destroy that
feeling of hem% that animal dignity, whist iheatelaised our troops,
OM invented and adweeL PasW the wet Wang were deemed and
treated as seam lame ethams.-the dishiest neepirion mammal into
proofs of brash et dleelplkiel :ad the Canmander in Chief, by his
arbitrary an ever the Oman Medal, mew in fact the 'DU ar-
biter of thieskwariLbenemeof Gosh !Waded oda& The nation be-
held with Ms epees el these Courts repeatedly plashed, an.
at length deadens attained the degree of severity that was re-
quired ben dom. 3lany members, in coosequeme, seat in their re-
signation; many, personally insulted by the Commander is Chief,
purified by their own blood the outrages that had bees meandued upon
them, and, at the same time, showed that It was not the want of true
courage, but the for of compromising the future fate of the country,
that withheld their arms from falling a vengeance upon their oppressors.
" On the neestig of the lest Diet of the Kingdom, a renewal of the
solemn resthees that the blesange of a Constitadon should be extended
to our bream, who woe he be roanited to us, revived extinguished
hopes, sad armed the metheaden to reign in the Chambers which
was their only end and object. The freedom of the Press, and the
publicity of the proceedings of the Diet, were only tolerated in so
fax as they gave vent to the hymns and praises of a subjugated pee.
pie in honour of their all-powerful conqueror ; but when, after that
Diet was closed, the public journals continued to discuss public af-
fairs, a severe censorship was introduced ; and on the meeting of
the following Diet, which proposed to itself the same object as the
tamer, the repnseatadva of the people were persecuted for the opinions
they delivered in the Chambers. The Candtutional States of Europe
will be astonished when they learn what has been so carefully concealed
from them : when, on the one hand, they behold the wise and moderate
use the Poles have made of their liberty, the veneration they have shown
for their Sovereign, his religion and customs uniformly treated with
respect, and on the ether, the bad faith with which power has been used,
not content with despoiling an unhappy people of their rights, but im.
poetics the horror of these violations to the unbridled exercise of their
" The placing in union epos one bead the ammo of an autocrat and
of a constitutional king wee one of those pelideal monstrosities which
are never of keg dura Every men foresaw that the kingdom of
Poland must become either the nursery of liberal institutioos for Rus-
sia, or sink under the iron had of Its demotion This question wr
soon resolved. It appears that, at one moment the Emperor Alexander
coneaved he might conedidate his whimsy power with our liberal
hwe, and thereby secure fie himself a new hansom ever the affairs of
Ithreps. But be we seen combesd that liberty could sever bosses so
debased as to be the blind nemontent of bipeds. ; and from that time,
imbed of her dehnim, be became her passeater. Rank Joist assi:a
of ever seeing the yeke by which she was opposedtam eft
the bend of her sovereign, and Poland saw hamlf
derived et all her privileges. No time was lest in morn; Oh de.
dp ititeem ends% Public alumna was of s
esemptediallyeleall ISM
11111111111111 t and mystery was adopted, the people was without mem
ketneaknouthele Pastime was depend ot its reprimands% nod
dee Chemthems famot allowed the faculty of venlig the supplies.
New bush= TIM sew moospolles mated to dry op the
omen of mama weal;and the treasury, enriched. by else mem-
seose. boom the ponied salmied es blooms Wein 'ln.
stigmas, mod vile and despiesitle spies. hood ot the se
peak celled Om, mama were segmented in a mem m ii'u . do.
pee, to white was added meemous gratuities, and elllnthamesed oaYy
with the view of amimaallag the number of the Clomonment seisms.
" thimmy and was carrie into the most Metes of
vate ibmilift and, the of privated life infected with tholepins,
the aeon et the Pales become a snare for theft Innesemes.
Inevidoel Amy, wW had ben solemnly guaranteed, was violated,
and the paean of the sate beams needed; councils of war was
anshatined to rommes judgment la civil uses; and atisens, whole
only huh was a with to save the spirit and character of the nation him
comrade., were 'objected to puniehmms. It was In vela
that sane of the amdmeities of the mod the repreeestatives
the people, laid Wore the Meg a fait 1 was et the abuses ran-
mined he his mew, foe net oily were the limn eiwd to remain
wass:isEssetd, but the responsibility of the Mimes and the
in Authorities wee paralysed by the immillate in.
tithe brother of the Emperor, and by the em edes of that dis.
endenary power with which he was Invested. This nemorons and*.
rity, the source of the greatest abuses, and which set woad the
personal dignity of every individual, and became so hlfMaoesa, the It
even dared to call before it citizens of every rank sod andltiss, toady to
load them with insults, and at times to subject than to dkomesfel pub.
lie labours, reserved for the vilest convicts; me WASI/11111119, by per.
mining them to may their outrages against the people to the very rat.
most pitch, had destined their inordinate abuses of authority to be the
madeg atom of our insumcdon.
" After eo man MMus, after so manifest a violation of the guaran.
teas sworn—a via which no legitimate Government in any civi-
lised country would have allowed itself with impunity, and which, a
fortiori, may justify our insurrection against an authority imposed by
force—who will not consider that this authority has broken off all al-
liance with the nation, that ft has oppressed it beneath the yoke of
slavery, that It bee given the right at every instant to beret Its feuers
and forge them haft arms ?
" Thogisinse of the digesters of ear brethren ma be superfluous, but
truth OM& us to pees it over. The revisers hrmely incorporated
with Imola have not been reunited to the kingdom. Our brethren have
not been anated so the enjoyment of the liberal institutions nip:l-
- by the Gestate of Vienne; the cootrary, the national
neellectlons awakened in them, het by premises and mom.
=t, and then by a long expestedas, became a ohm spinet the
and the King of Poland caused to be resseand, in the ancient
rZfleof that State, such Poles as had dined to cell themselves
sThe youth et the abide were peatenhely the objects of
romention ; your children wen teen from their mother's breast
the issue of the lint families were to Meets, es were forced
to aster into the ranks of a corrupt esliisry. In tend thenmente and
radii exeminadoes, the Polish language was appeased the Polish
Ohm& end civil law were amildlated by Ukases; abase of Models.
Oahe raised the hided prophases to ahoy, and dote the accession
ef Made, to she these% *hems of ddogs bed mostently been pew.
lag wan )Rousso hisimmes itself employed on* means to
eemeallhie the united Cheek ritual upon the math; of the Catholic
rhea.

" In the kingdom, although none d the libertise gamesmen by the
Coos itatke were sheens& than liberties onppr essd de Ines amens.
lees continued to exist de jure. It was y this maws@ tie jure
that it wm -say a radennias. We then my that addidesel aside
to the Cessandee sipper, whicida of too a speciosa widen, he
the mains of heets the Cbirter, teas its priedgel maim
by depriving the Chambers of the el their phissidage an she
wpyset of public opinion, and whisk, abses all, was to eraseerate the
prplo that it was allowed to at Rat will the dadasuatol tam-
poet, and thereby entirely abolish the Cheese, as era of its articles
had been abolished. It was nadir these anspiem that the Diet of
lab was tanned, teas which it was maglit, by mU - if means,
to dimmed the most imespid definers Cl sallisras th War* who
has just eats pert M the deliberations, wen mein if bp main farm,
surrounded by imediemses, rad held at mem di the sie.
meat whim the realities bens out. ftell Ito dim, shot up,
threatened with the Imes Cl the Charter, ad oiled W barb promise
of the eadoet prariben Wag motion to the Megan, the Diet of
1828 klissed die ample of that of 111111; but these promises re.
maned whims oast, an the maims which payed Ise the restonition
of our liberties wen
stem, rejected.
" Tbexeepazeral heligned ,of thewelLasposed leheldieas, and the
at de setae. al m ham bebeilai the
lb* *as& the vi
at obi& begat to appear,hls
dies the desk et Abseeder,
the seesselso of Nicholas to the sYeos, and the oath be we to mini
the sandoilse, stead to reed* us enemies et aliases ad the
ream Cl Mortise. This hape seas vaelehed, fen yet way did dap
coroner goy wars, but the setteleties at be. Pitiaibriss saw saved
as s pewit to kepis's cad ban to aid the meet dirdipliel
videele d elms leases, ate awake Cl Nudes, the only, sad the ski.
▪ In s short thee** prisms et the espial wire Mei Zany day teak

Miltappeoldelei So mesh, diemmodethisthiss,lllllllol/10111/
ita• yori Uld Polid, mull VMS dos pins whimsb hoolir
Oovermesta. Upon the Bathe eel if Amy were ineredneel Omura
which cause humanity to ---leer. Death and suicide commently
militated the ember of the uellbetemee victim, who were eseeedioes
left forgotten k small and Imp In owYntpt ei recta law
eignalta• =WM m befteW4eismliseed et lkwedeas
11
et Poles, meet et die mew, who, by pveleeeita bilintta
mashes pulse sad Wilms questleos, may mom* to chaseeme
the accused the essiMeiso stem brapfioaly ode& It was only
after an impeleemmt ems yaw and a, that_. the High
National Comet wee established as hi gros or nig Amwr
hnprieonmente hod his dub* in;all, lireisaird " a
d that sewed Wisdom hod disd is It beams oboe.
lately roar dub meson maseimer of the
tleassm d this espeelMilli, the -need, errs bed hese
t" One he two et riry mime @Omsk he—d—liteso. Zials dahlia, hem Shit awned dideelles he-
nna the menuhied dale iwdlmm. 1110 , sterilise ilbj the
effluence whisk podia( duie imessece, baud ge bag eat at
tidy. were osweeyeil se et. losumMoub wheel they wen limploomed
game,
and up to this mum miesiellave wet bees swami Ink
ihmilies. The latter wee detehted wady ayes at Woes% tie lailig
'hewn themselves ledepoolsut Mips. The palisades and emeeiMiso
of the seams wee stepped. Is leis submitted to the immlestime of
the admielemetive milbseities. and when. at limith, owe of mmemsped
fee israpa, it wee isms weeseemy to publish it, a Illeader
his mideeity as do es to degrade the ambled • by
maadhug. in the wane of the lievereign, the highest a
the &ate, in the exereles of their am exalted functions.
" It was atm melt me that the &sperm Nicholas reesived to be
anwned King of Mad. The repwesotatives of the mike Wig
summoned, were ellent witnesses of thie emeneemy, sod the ow mos
Wen MOO vMhool soh, the se eines was seppeessii, sot ewe die db
filled t t
power. ins at the day et he Olommies he hate was
waira sew ineothas, who did set possess** rvial
by the Constitution the way gemosep of the *dr
votes. An Wesel lean, amble case wise of demidas, wets
Intended to render movable end dew Pes=
of the State. But Pommels dist the her sows
big ham the partial meseethis of dde plan, should not be equanderd
away, but be used in sedum.
" In short, the last, which, wader the Nip of Alexander,
Enabled the Poles to segpert their defames, aametr, she her of m-
ktg thsemelves re-united to their brethren, was takes ho. dem by the
Insigairralalielas. From that corset all ties were broken. The sacred
fee wssh had long beenpr heat being kindled upon the altars
of the amity, was aeae boin the hearts of all wellodisposed
mew One *smite wily wee 1111111.1111 10 them, gamely, that they
shouldlasgat sedum such downy. Sot the domewman itself
heeteesd the Element of expledeo. moometwase el ropers daily
etemeheested, of a war spinet she libertyof taselens, sides were given
to put apes the war mitment the Meh army destined to march;
and in its place, the ilinsdan armies were to occupy the country.
Coidderehle sums, hem the loan mad the sale of the na-
tstmeldemaina, deposited at beak, were to ewer the expenses of
this dully war against liberty. Anew again teak plea; every moment
was peaciess Our aroiy—orr treasure—ear reeeemee—our natkloal
heeene—averse to rivet &Me open the weeks of other wises, and to
4dit against liberty and sir Amor compsidess he anew was at make.
Ever/ one shared this Suing; but the beet of the mien—the focus
of enthusiasm, the youth of the army and of the eelleps. as well as a
great part of the palms of Warsaw, and of the ciders' impesesed with
this sentiment. reselved In give the sigma foe the imesseesden. An
electric spark in a m'a't Memel the army, the capital, and the whole
country. The night of Nevesabee ID was illuminated by the fire of
liberty. In one day the spied was delivered; in a few days all the
divisions of the army were melted by the same madams, the femme
occupied, the natives armed, the brother of the Eingeme, with the Ls&
elan troops relying upon the generosity of the Pelle, lid swing hie
safety to this step alone. Such were the acts of the heride, web ism
lution—which is as pure as the enthusiasm of the yes& wheel ilea"
h is.

"The Polish nation have risen from their aboommod smi degrada-
tion, with the firm resolution no Mager to bend bow* the iron
yoke, which has just been beeken, ad nit to Iff down the arms
of their ancestors until they ban aunt their iepee&see and
power, the only gamma ef their -Ebonies ; until after having
secured the enjoyman it dans liberties, alliek they elahn epos
a two-fold right, aemsly—as the lesnesrablo holing. of their fore
fathers, and as the maw wow of dm age ; and, fasly, until after
being re-united at their brake", asyiit to the yds of the Ca.
blast of $l. Petembingh, and having iihtod thane, the fiball have
made them eke= of this liberties and lodependemw We have not
been ininenad by my oodemal bstredegidnet the Ronnie, with whom
we have a sommea ad& ; on the oreleoriy, at the Met meant we felt
pleasure, upon is bee of ma Wier modems I. *haft Oat, although
our es-anise maw the mow engem was wiens es our Weems, yet
it might cease $ population of testy safilions to partake of the
of asnedtudsool libades, he the whole (MEW werld,lVlsnet.
some orally wasoney bath to madam and ssigi
" Cenvinsal that as am, sm 'Mop ead:nee,r bout having been
beadle ft the Ms*, have, es rho ofolimy, owed, at all
dines, as an lan ad shield to Eramps, and may now bemuse
more woad thee owe, we wear in the of sotiumlgas and na.
dons, with the essonaw that the voles policy end hummaity will be
equally herd heraw fewer.
" If even, in this smuggle, the dangers of which we do not cussed from
oursolves, we were wings for the interest of ell, fall of eadidessee
to the easetity of ewe dell" in ow own valour, walla she sodelsime of she
ALrpsa?T. we will light till our last gasp for liberty, and V PariMsnce
bath &Mimed this Imml to perpetual slavery ; if in this last
the freedom of Palled is to fall beneath the ruins of its tennis=
bodies eke delaiders, ow enemy shall only reign over deems, and
aver~pod Pole, whin dying, will any with him the consolation, that
if flsevssi has not permitted him to sere his own liberty and his owe
country, be has at leer, by this deadly combat, placed the liberties of
threatened Europe under shelter for a woman.
[ Here follow the signatures of the persons who drew up the Masi-
festo, the Committee of the Diet appointed to give their opinions upon
the Marshal of the Diet, and the &weary of the Chamber of
Nuncieel

srij

rALS.

Timrs.—Those whose irksome Mike it has been to watch die course
of the molutionary proceedings in Ireland, will not he imiessi by the
glaring absurdity or iniquity of any pupae sendbui co r. O'Comoell
to demiliethet be designs to execute it. The lost Lib prot Wm.
us that the learned gentleman has actually cesonsessi kin doable
warfare spinet the existence of Beak aunt spinglie
Reese revenue. There are two ways of the sewoines••mer
by smuggling; the other by nen-conestinptime of makjest
tion. But it is little reeked of by the poetise to dike spun, lhat the
public revenue is not the only or do pohiskoll seam is. their
schemes. The fair trader, who pays the 4s, and boys sho poi to
support his family by the Folk on the sale of dem. is ruined as midi
by the malicious non.coneumption, as by their halm and am-
traband introduction against the rights el the Crown. Thee
the banks are to be throws into einbsrammesst by age de.
mend for gold. Here is another, and petty striking proofof the fa-
therly tm. nem of this patriarch of commotion towards the
ployed 'poor of Ireland. The effect of ama upon the banks must be,
say, it has been already, a remind= to guard against sentingeocks, by
a contraction of their dismnts.

( noints. —The French— dare* whet-- to the
Peeks. sod all other nations which sled] the up whist shale fevers-
owes e but they will not the lees --/bed assietence te she Pram sea to
the Swiee, and to every Nation whose rbdttg may paean dude tweelies.
and add to their own security, just as the Moab= et the holy althea j
it the theapiel with deethwie down wield sir heaven and milt to !
produce owner revoisdane Proem Peas the battle of Waterloo to the
vrvoluthe ofJely, the inspect seeemee lave Neva eessed M raeoloy '1
ante asd intrigthe to pet down selhimer hi every country of Seaps
and le the tonal alms if se Paidieneet. Lord Castheeewb
sad Nr. Peel dared to approve la the Neese atOseamens of the invades
of Naples by Aleut--. -They knw the the llama Avielserate, is a
body (tor there are. so doubt, several aseeptionr), bebop to the peers.
meow of the Holy Milne&

IREL.4 A I).

ARREST OF THOMAS CLONEY, ESQ. OF ORAIGUE,
COUNTY KILKENNY.
Friday morning, about nine o'clock, two officers from the
bead police office applied at Mr. Cloney's hotel and inquired
for him ; receiving for answer that he had not as yet left his
chamber, owing to his being somewhat indisposed, they po-
litely desired that he should Dot be disturbed until his usual
hour of rising, and said they would wait on him about twelve
o'clock, by which hour a number of gentlemen, having beard
of the circumstance, called on Mr. Cloney, and tendered
their services on the occasion. They all proceeded to the
bead police office, accenwanied by the two officers, where
Mr. Edward Murphy, the eldest son of the late Bryan
Murphy, Esquire, of Kennedy's-lane, in conjunction
with Mr. Andrew Tierney, of the house of Tierney, Bre-
there, and Co. Druggists, Skinner-row, entered into the
requisite securities lot Mr. Cloney's du appearance in
the Court of King's Bench, on the first day of term.
Previous to the filling of the bail-bond, Mr. amity hav-
ing demanded to hear the warrant, which was dated oa the
18th last. read, addressed the magistrates in bold and manly
style, protesting, as he stated, in common with his fellow-
countrymen, against the illegality of the arrest, the le•
