THE PENITENTIARY.

Mr. CURTEIS moved for Returns of Money laid out in various
ways upon the Penitentiary, and the Number of Prisoners con-
fined therein. •
_ _

Sir JOSEPH YORKE thought the motion unneces-
sary, because the returns` were annually made. If that
building were to be placed under the contra'sl of the
Secretary of State,•ie would, he thought, be differently
conducted from the manner in which tit was managed
by the Committee. •
Sir M. W. RIDLEY felt it necessary to meet this
motion with a direct netativre. The information was
already in •arious'shapes before the Hause,if te would
only take the trouble to find it. This was.one of the
cases which he had tried to put a step to, as tendik to
throw an estreme and unnecessary onus on the sofficers
of the different establi,hments.

M r.H EATH COTE hoped that Hon. Metaher,t Would
pause before they could permit these tinnecessarY Re-
tuns to be made; and he hoped the Hon. Baronet
would divide the House upon it.
Lord LOWTHER said, that if it went to a divisiort,,
he must give his vote for the motion of the Honnor.ble
M mber for Sussex. If the information was before the
House, he for one could not find it. The building had
cost between five and six hundred thousand pounds
and there was, besides, an annual grab' of 24,0001.
He thought it would have been much the twisersourne,
to have accepted t' e offer of the Middlesex Magistrate's.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR said, he knew of Op such offer,
though he' bad heard an intimatiOd that it was wished
to have it as a new gaol for Westminster. He hga
jetted to the Penitentiary, as being unwholesome, and
be would not consent to any further cost.
• Mr. HOBHOUSE agreed with the Noble Lorcr(Liow.
ther), that thel'enitentiai y was a most useless charge.
There was no Instance whatever in which any building
cost so much,.and was of so little utility. It was, in fact,-
prejudicial to the very objects it was meant to promote.
The best thing they could do would be to accept the
offer of the Magistrates, .and thus put an end to the
expenses of that establishment.
Mr. BYNG said, that no offer whatever bad been
made.

. Mr. WM. PEEL said. that all the information.re-
quired was already in print before the House.
Mr. PORTAMS suggested to the'Hon. Member for
Sussex the propriety of withdrawing his motion for the
present, and of giving notice of it for another night. and
in.tbe interim he might ascertain the extent of • the in-
formation before the House.
Mr. Secretary PEEL thought the Hon. Member. for
Susses had better withchaw his motion. tor. the present,
las thereby he would enable himself to be better pre-
pared as to the Returns which were actually olecestry
to be produied. He berteved the greatr parts. Coot
the whole information sought hi the Host. Member.eras
already before the House. u • •
After a few words'froin Mr. Canso, the Motion "Width;
drawn.
Mr. H. DRUM iIIOND brought up the Report Of 'the Seleci
Committee on the Akhouse Licensing BM which War ordered to
be taken into comideration this day eennight.
Mr. Fl LER presented-a Petition from the Operative Woollen
and Silk Weavers' of Nesteburck and Rochdale, in Lancashire,
complaining of distress, and praying for a free importation of corn.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a. Petition from the inhabitants of
Dkas, in Norfolk, against the continuance of slavery in the West
Indies.
Mr. HU MX presented a Petition, signed by 980' of the Ftiltialy
Society of Carpenters, held at the Hole in the Wall, Fleet4treet,
praying for the frte importation of corn, and tiro the Corn
tions'should not be suffered to paw into a law without havia4
pie-
viuusly examined Witnestes'at the bar in support of the prayer of
the Petition.
Mr. M. A. 'TAYLOR presented a Petition from the inhabitants
of the.city of Durham, praying fur the abolition of slavery ih the
West Indies.

PENDARVES presented four similir Petitions from
Cornwall, stating that the Petitioners were willing to codtdbote
their proportion °Rimy tum of money which might be awarded to
thegileitters as indamiikation.
Mr. HEATHCOTR presented two Petitions from landowners
and wool growers •ot Catnarroo, praying for a duty gin foreign Wbei.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a Petition frond the Chamber of
Commerce of Waterford, praying for the admission of foreign Sour
into Ireland."

Mr.• DUNCOM BE presented a Petition from •Yorksblie against
the importation of foreign wool..
• Mr. PEEL brought up Copies of the ConsmatiOns bail& the
United State. and chip mantra'.; wed it:. Recurs Alt .the "linters.
ommitted during a specified pesioitte4Abseme:Gaol. •
M?: W.'PEBL mowed for RieteniefliNelbßqiiit a the
'CninenieliOneell of Charities •
The ATTORNEY GENERAL gave notice that he sbesit on
the 12th of June, bring in a Bill to .precast the undue assumption
.td the title of Dame% in Ireland. • • • •
Sir 1. GRA H A hi presented a Petition, signed by the Merchants,
Makers, Tradesmen, the Sheri/ of Cumberland, and 500 'heat
eisenabied at a public Sleeting in Carlisle, aphis the Small Notes
IS and praying that the Small Note circulation should NM he pro-
hibited in England, whilst it was prohibited in Soseland. • -
• Petition was presented from eirmostei agalastlhe
flookkig the circulation of Small Notes. • -
Mr. MUNDY presented three Petitions • tom Derbyshire,
against the Small Nem, Bill. 7
Mr. SLANEY presented a Petition from Sheffield against the
Malt Act of last Session. The Hun. Member 'squired whether'
there was any intention to alter the law,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUILIsaid, he could
Dot promise. that any change should be made with respect to taking
the duty on the Malt.
Mr. WOOD said the present system operated. unequally, act!
that what the Meitnera wished was, that the duty should be taken
'before the Malt was sprinkled.—The Petition Was then ordered to
be printed.
SPRING RICE brought in a Bill to render Promiensey
Notes payable in the Place. in which they _ were drawa.—Read a
'brat this*. and ordered tab/ read a second time on Friday nest.
On the mottos of MG Secretary Pm it was 'agreed that the
House, emits rising, shouldadjourn to Friday next.
Oa ase motion of the Coaalciiroa of the Ifentalausa, the Pen-
sions Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed.
On the motion of Mr. Secretary Pam., the Law of 'Evidence
Bill was read a third time and passed. '
On the motion of Mr. Secretary Pm, the House resolved itself
into a Comadttre on the Offences against the. Person Bill.
After the different clauses had been considered and agreed to,
the House resumed, and the Report was ordered to be reteived on
Friday next. . , •
On the motion of the Osamu:tea of the Excnitnuas.the ROM
remelted itself into a Committee of Ways and -Meas.& •• '
The CH A NCRLLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that it
was the *Won of the Committee that there be granted to Ma-
jesty, toward making good the supply for the present year, the
sum of 3320304 being the surplus monies remaining in the Ex-
chequer for the years 1623, 1524, 1128, 1826; and'l627.--The
motion was agreed to.
The House then resumed, and she Report was ordered to be re-'
ceived en Friday next.
On the motion of the Catanourea of the EICIIBOVIS the Hotel
Keepers' Bid was mad a snood time.
• CORN IMPORTATION BILL.
OA the *reties et Mr. F. Liens, tbe Order of the Day for the
tbird reading of the corn Impertatioa Bill was read. • • •
On dbe question being.put VIM the MI be read a third time,
kir: WESTERN -said, he was adverse to the princi-
ple op Atte Billi'befeared that the most evil consequences
Would paid 'from its ophritios,tild therefore be was
irorm.ektveMiliog his opiaiees upon the Journals of
Ins to. de who ghoul& propose *
of tico4 The, lissositide Member then
laq .06*-1471140411iis and codeludfd by
. " ..• •
4.40...1110n• °arable. • blliber

~~.'.

trierely wi ed to record bits opinions, he was mettle
t
"Hoose woo vesdilyeacuse him from entering inta•tlist•
subkcy•—•l isj. ..,
Mr. MONCK expressed it to be his opinion, that the
841 would ilot Produce** gilt intended. et
•
.Mr. STRWA ltT.thought the protection 'forded by
the Rill to ever y species of grain was fair and equitable)!
'h. Amendment was negatived without a division.
Mr. C. PALMER proposed a clause on the principle
of.reciprocity, similar to that contained in the Bill of
last'year. '
Mr. F. LEWIS said, he did not think there could be
any objection to the clause.
The Clause was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON proposed a clause, the object of which
was tn. provide that, with respect to warehoused corn,
security should be given for tie payment of. the duty
within a given time, or otherwise the corn be re-
exported. ..
Mr. CURTEIS seconded the proposition, and ex-
pressed some apprehension that foreign • corn • would
find its way here throneh the Isle et Man.
Colonel SIBTHORPE expressed his cordial 'ap-
probation of this clause. It would, if agreed to,
allay the alarm which had spread through the country.
Mr. F. LEWIS said there was no ground for the ap-
prehensions expressed by the Member for Sussex with
respect to the Isle of Man. The provisions of the Bill
would pievent effectually all the evil apprehended with
respect to the clause proposed—it would completely I
upset the system of bonding and, warehousing. No per
eon would venture to import; trim undeesuch a regale.
tion. They had been acting since 1815 on a. highly
restrictive system, which was mitigated only by such a
ow .s this. If they gave up .the bonding systenalere, it
, would soon be had recourse to in Holland. He trusted
the House would hot, at this stage of the measure, admit
'such a clause.
Mr. SYKES opposed the 'clause. 'The consequence of
adopting' it' must be, that the system of warehousing
ticked be taken up in,ihe adjacent parts of the Conti-
nent, and corn pouted in at times so abundantly as to
produce the most injurious consequences. He thought
this Bill far too restrictive for the consumers of corn.
Mr. WODEHOUSE said, such a clause as this should
not be gone into in the present stage of the Bill. He
hoped, therefore, the clause would be withdrawn. He
feared any good the Bill was calculated to.. produce
would be defeated by the restrictions on the currency. .
Mr. Alderman SMITH opposed the clause.
. • .
Mr. BENETT denied that the object of the Bill wasi
to raise the price to consumers. It was intended totive
a fair remuneration to the agriculturist, and thus' to
'careen adequate apply of_ home produce. He denied
that public grating's were a necessary sectiriey„against
faMine... The best granaries 'were the farmers '.stack;
yards. He hoped the Honourable Gentlemin would
withdraw thiclause. - -.•- i
- -
'Mr. WILSCiIsI said; his object waslo guard •against
great monopolists. As the sense of. the House did. not
seem to go with him. he should 'not press the clause.
The clause was withdeawri, and the Bill read a

. .
third time.
On she question that the Bin do pass,
Mr. BANKES said there.was an error in the relative
price of.the different grains, in ieferen,ce to which the
present du iea were imposed. He mentioned this for,
the purpose, of-reserving to himself the right lel" pro-.
posing an alteration at some future time, it he should'
think it neeiaary. . .
. ., ,
.114r....F.:'bENVIS said the duty was calculated, not ii
reference terliseprices•Of the last five years, Out 9f al
Tonger period. .. , . .
The MU was then passed. • .
"•• • • TRRESIOLDiRiI DISTRICT RILL.

.}'..

Mr.:BYRES. Moved the Order of .the Dar for the
further consideration of the Report of the freeholdeiti
in DigrietitiMV was. his intention to postpone it;
. The ATIVEZ;IETVWERAL expressed a with that''
the IS li might,prneeed.
Colcinel SIBTHORPE recommended that the .Mes•-
bet for Hull should persevere in the measure. It
,trot,
he should cake it up
. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said.
it would be better to decide 'at once. whether the Bill,
*was to proceed "that tidiest.
The Order of the Day having been read.
Mr. EYLER sand, be thought the Honourable Mem-
ber (Mr. Sykes) used a very proper discretion in post-:
pealfirtte Repun
Mr. SYKES proposed• the adjournment of of.
tldn to Monday se'anight. •
• Colonel DAVIES recommended' the pooltOnement
*film remotion. - • ; k
The ADI'ORNEY GENERAL expittisedta wish that
the Bill should proceed: He Was decidealrappbsid to
it, beceirse is smacked a little of Parliitrieniary Reform..
It was not likely that, at apy future peridd, the sup.'
.porter* of the Bill woold-be more numerous than they
were at plesent.
The Report was postponed to Monday week. .
InADIT ALL041114;11 1111.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved the Or-
der of the Day for rosuiiiing the'adjourtted debate on theAramps
AlloWatices- Bill. •
Mr. STEWART proposed a new clause, which went
to remit' the remuneration for 'distributing Stamps.to
211. per cent. in place of 41. This he thought sufficient,
where the agents for negotiating bills of exchange re.'
ceived air IL per tent.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
be had nothing to add to what he Stated in a former
debate. This was merely a remedial measure, to ob-
viate inconveniences which were found to •arise froth
,the present mode of distributing Receipt Stamps. Hi.
did not. mean to deny thet the Honourable Gentleman's.
view was correct; but the Isteserit was not thetime tof
pressing it on the attention of the 'House.' ThelwhOle
Subject of the Stamp .Dtities was now under the consi-
deratiop of Parliament. .
Mr. SYKES thought it unreasonable four per cent.
' should be paid for the distribution of Stamps, when,
according to the showing of. Mr. Gresley himself, he
gut the business done at one and a half per"cent. thus
leaving bite k dear income of 7001. a year. . .
Mr. HUME supported the clause. •
Mr: DAWSON said that the present'Wes riot' a fit
time. for proposing such a clause as this. It vs. bestei
to leave the matter to Government, particularly when
they wereassured by his Right Honourable Friend (the
Chancellor of the Exchequer) that the whole system
was under consideration. Since the year 1820; out,,Of
a revenue amounting to 7,000,0001. yearly, no more
25,0001. was unaccounted for. This pitived suf-
ficiently that the present mode of distribution was not
a bad one. In Yorkshire. at present, Stamps Were dis-
tributed at two and a half per cent.
. . .
Colonel DAvlxs and Mr. Duncostan recommended
that the clause should be withdrawn.
After a few words from Mi.WlcauwandMr.MotsCit
the clause was negatived without a division. I.
Mr. HUME recommended that greater facility should
be allowed • for the return of 'spoiled•Stanips, and the
necessity of taking an oath doneaviny..with....*.
The CHANCELLOR of• the;EXCHEQUElt.riiitli
there epold be no objection -torian* alteration 'whieh;
upon inqldrysinight be found desirably.
•

—Mr. HUME said, much of the hiconvenktwee CAM
be removed by appointing one hoin in each day in
place of one day in the week tor receiving spo led stamps.
The Reran was agreed to, and the BM ordered to be read,
, third time ea Monday week.

ILIICTIONI POLLS.
Colonel DAVIES moved the -Order of the Day for taking into
further•cortsideratioti the Report of Cities and Boroughs Poll Ikg,
Colonel•SI BTHORPE and Mr. F. PA 1.31 ER opposed the Bill.
Colonel DAVIES supported the BIM. - •
Mr. SIX D EN objected to it as likely to curtail the franchise et
the peopltof England.
Mr. OATLEY considered that this Bill would prevent riot and
drunkenriiisky curtailing the period for elections, and therefore it
had hie w,armest support.
Mr. skIONCK said, that the less expensive 'ilections weed
made;the larger would be the field of choice fur candidates, and
therefore the better for the people of England.
Mr. O'NEILL opposed the Bill, because he thought that tfie
limitatiorf of taking the poll to six or eight days would tend to pre-
Vent many voters from bring able to exercise their franchise, pant
ticularly in distant places.
Mr. ROBINSON said, he thought the Bill better in its present
11 shape than it had been before, but still the period allowed for taking
the poll was too limited.
Mr. FYLlift approved of shortening the period for taking

the poll.
Mt. TR ANT said, be would oppose the Bill, and moved that
tbefurtber consideration of the Report be adjourned to this day
six months.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the gallery ssa,
cleared, but no division took place. The Report was agreed to, and
the Bill Was ordered to be read a third time after the holidays.

LASOURESte WAG LS PILL.
Mr. SLANEY moved the second reading of the Labourer,'
Wages Bill.
Mr. BENETT said he would not oppose the second reading ef
'the Hill, but he hoped ample time would be given lot the dearidera.
tion of so inilsortant a subject.
, Mr. SLANEY said his great object was to remedy some of the
abuses of the Poor Laws ; be now wished the Bill to be read a
'Second time, with a view at as early period to bring the subject
under the notice and examination of a Select Committee.
Sir T. FREMANTLE said, it was lamentable to think dot a
great amount of Pour's Rates was now devoted to the paymeat of
the labourer's wages. Such a system could not and ought tp.: tube
week longer tolerated, it by any possibility it amid fie eartwit:d.
. "She billbrarthen reid a second time, and ordered tube/wee/0
to the Committee on the Poor Employment Bill.

.
BANKRUPT I.IIPROTRIIKPIT BILL
• Mr. JOHN WOOD moved the third reading of the Bankrupt
Improvement Bill..
Mr. H. TWISS moved as a rider, that the Lord Chancellor
Should have power to dispense with the necessity of personal service
on creditors resident abroad, whether he have or have not proved
his debt, open such terms as his Lordship might think proper to
order. •The clause was agreed to, and added in the Bill.
The other Orders of the Day were•then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at hats-PAST TAN O'CLOCK.

THE EVENING STAR.

T '

LON et.,A.

SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1828.

- .
;e4st • ''STOCK .EXCH A N G F., TWELVE O'CLOrt

I At.present there is not a feature in the British market worth
*biking. Consols opened this morning at 85i with luzle doing.
. ,
dow said that the Ministerial disputes will be adjusted duting
.the bolidays.—A courier has. arrived at Vienna from Coltman.
ample, brilging accounts that the Turks ate by' nu means prl:
pared for the attack of the Russians; and it istelieved at Vienna,
that the Gaaao SZIONOK will soup apply to the four Allied Positra
to intercede with Russia, and settle their aff.irs.
The bmituess in, the, Foreign market is not worth noticing at
present.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE, O'CLOCK.
Conants may be quoted the same as they openeti, ssj # for t6e
Account, arid sti j for nest time.
The letters from Lisbon, by the Mall, stare, that a Plat,iorn►nt
by the Queen of Poa;uoat, has been diacoiered, to put boa
CaacOs atitliter daughter on the Thiatie of Spaita, and Dpi 14.,
coat. on that of Portugal.
PRICE OF STACKS
Bank Stock
3 pstr Cent. Red. S4i is a ln;
3 per Ct. Cons. 851 i
.3i per Cent. 9
Se per Cent. Rail.
&pee Ct. New Will
4• per Cent. Scrip'

*Per Cent.,1826, 104
Lon Ann. 1%54,0
POItICION FUND

AT TWO O'CLOCK;
,India Stuck 44S
Ditto Honda 99 8
,South Sea Stock • •
Old Annuities
3 per Cent. 1751
41000 Riche+ Bills 62 3 1
X5OO Ditto 62 3 3 •

• a'

.~1

.6100 and .6200 Ditto 64 13
Consols for Acct. 851 1
TWO OTI.M.K. •

Bessilise Bdc'd p C.N. - • . Pokes. Bds. Sp C. . 1
.DP Acct. 59f b- - Do Acet. 5.3 i i t } .
Greek lionlis,lB2s, fp Ct.l7 Russ.Bds.lB92,syer Ct. NI e
31ez ads. 5 pI.N. 29' .. - Do. Acct. 89i
Mez.Bds,lB9.s,6pCC. 39g g Spanish `Bds sTr Cr:111' 11 '
DoAcct 59k /ft g . i i Pr. Recurs. 5 p C. 1021 • .;
'Perrav: Ms. 6yess sb &change, 95f Sic • •
Ds. Aka. It Do Acct. •
,sitinall AND' FOREIG N 'SHA tt KS, TWO, O'CLOCter 1
lIMA It IL. FA ID.
.. • i
koo bo 25 3;
35 90 '9l 93
25 . 5 ' . .5a 3 allbr'l
"' .%. 200 52i 151
40 :6 'l2i 12 111 i

'Anglo Meiiitaa. •
Istanbul-
Ditto Nadosal
Volottibilif
United Mexican

l'•••,.

Both Houses of Pariiament adjourned yesterd?ytott
the. Holidays—the LOrds to Monday, 24 of June—tbe Common

•
to Friday next, ybe .30th inst...
In the House of Lords a question was put t 0.1,041
Duoceir; last night,*by Lord Sissamiroan, with a •iew to aic;ruan
what foundatiossibece was for the report. of an. artnfstice gut
been agreed onbetween Brazibanl Buenos Ayr.-? 4ordDcsisr
answered, that no tranSaction of the kind alluded to bad taro
place ; but by the last dispatches accounts had been receivedpJ
gociations having been begun, w.bich afforded a better Frospectve
peace than any they bad heard of ytt.

Lord 'Umtata's; afterwards put a question to the Duke Of We.'
Luiarou on the subject of the Greek Captives, so unwarrantably
carried from the Morea into slavery in Ih.gypt. Bit Grace, in
answer, stated, that measures had been taken to obtain their mit,-
. rati!t as far as possible, though it was Out certain that they cvu4
berestored.'
..:101,411sCesnnions list night, Mr. Cuarass moved for
ra _ - •
rsspsw of the expense of erecting and maintaining Millb3nk
nitentiary. Sir closers' You're said, be believed a* the informanou
moved.for might 'be got from the annual accounts; the Peni,e°-
dart had completely faikd in its ohiect. After a few weds t°
expllnation from Mr. CURTZII, and of opposition to the moue by
Sir 1.1. W. Romer, Lord •LOWTHICa said all -be knew we. that
00ii;0001. had been expended on the erection, and about .25/30 •
niear'paid for its maintenance—as useless an expense at ever we
voted.. After some further conversation, Mr. Secretary l'sst AK'
4040 to-Mr. CORSI'S to withdraw his motion, and it was gull'
,rkrawe
Tpe Offences against the Person Bill went through a Committee;
to be further comidited on Friday nest.
-111.: Corn ItritFortation Bill, after some debate. was read a third
dole and passed ; as was also the Bill for granting a Pension to del
Bawdy of the late Mr. Cattsinci. Upon the subject of the Slag
Allowances Bill, the observations of Mr. lints and other, Wed
latisfacterily answered by the CIIMICELLOIL of the Excssusua lea
Distsou; *and the Bill was ordered to be read a third timed.
limsday week.—The consideration of the Frecholdets
• lid' was postponed to Monday; June 2,L-The Cities and.Barosed •
Foil Blares, after some dpposition, considered, and. the
•issents read a second tine.—The Labourers' Wager **a. read
--T tiebee
asecondettme, and tefErred to a Select. Conuttitlee;Jt..-.he
~....•
OQ the Bankers'. ,Amenduient Bill was adjourned.
. • "1""ele ' .". . •
3! I eseem s to be understsiticPthat.the:iliga_ea_
Gloto.tternhe.wipteeset)Calit: viheo'bieugctbhs.copurgobal!Ltbigo atersort
:inor un
atioaadjuiss,r;i,

• „ . ~

'

.1

i`.

• • •••••• 14'1

k
I.
Q

baps, difficult to be foreseen. We were •tlze first to'
announce the fact Of Mr. HINIZISSON'S resignation, arict
the immediate cause which we have since mentioned,
:namely, the Qatstion.of Last.Retrord, was equally au-
Ihentic. In a crisis.'so momentous as the..Riesent, it
may well be expected that rumours of every aescrip's,
ti in should be circulated ; such at that of the Duke
of WittAtaoroe, last night; but we are assured
that the state of the. Cabinet retrains the same as
we mentioned it to be yesterday. All events must
have some proximate cause— but what are called
.contingent circumstances often operate more power-
tully than the occurrence in which the public at-
tention is fixed. Such, we believe, is Mr. Hus-
•xissoN's rase. If there were a perfect accordance of
sentiment in the Cabinet on other weighty measures,
such as the Catholic Question—some parts of the Fo-
'reign Policy—and other subjects on which differences
,1 opinion are known to exist, the appropriation of the
privileges of a disfranchised Borough would hardly
be a matter to kindle discord in the Cabinet ; but
in a divided Council, a small spark will soon set their
whole work on fire.

The circumstances of the country are such, that the
services of Mr. IluactssoN and Mr. Guam cannot be
dispensed with, without forfeiting the confidence that
the commercial and manufacturing classes,in particular,
hese placed in the present Cabinet, on their sole account.
We heartily hope, therefore, that whatever in these
changes and chances may come to pass, we shall not
lose that sound judgment—that comprehensive mind—
that treasure of information and knowledge, which
Greet B,nain well knows she possesses in her Colonial
Secretary. Mr. Htamasoe's honour and independence
are in his own keeping; it is not for us, with the limited
facts before us, to judge of the line of conduct required
of him.

Last night there was a full attendance of Members in
the House of Commons, In the expectation that some questions
would be put respecting the rumoured changes in the Administra-
tion. Mr. Pam., the Cumiceussa of the Excnesnma, Mr. Hiatus,
b.c.appearelltr; the Treasury Bench; but neither Mr. Husausom.
Mr. C. GIANT, Lord Pimitairrox, nor Mr. W. L• 11111, appeased in
toe House during any. Wilt of the evening; nor were there on the
Opposition Benches any of the leading Members; neither Mr.

Baouratass Sir J. MACINTOSH, 00f Lord-Ammon:. After the
,motions were disposed of, 4nd no questions baying been pet, most
of the Nembers.quitted ;tile House.

The Miscellaneous &minutes, which the Ciesecestos of the'
EICHEQUIII had intended to move, were postponed, as well is the
Army Estimates, till after the recess.
The changes in the:Modish:ration were freely spoken of about
the Houses. Besides those previously named (Mr. .Husitssou,
Mr% C. GRANT, Lord,Pecismisstot, and Lord MOIST and WARD)
it was confidently mentioned tat Mr. W. Lane also retires.
During Wednesday and Thursday evenings, Mr. C. W. Wren
quitted the lower Opposition Bench, and was in close and long
eame;sailsos with Mr. Secretary Pus..
Mak 40iiiPut, the CHANCZLLOR of the Excus-
airs, art R4fapasr, and Lord Mat.vutt, had a long
coafstimessWigrthe Duke of Wzia.ttrotots, in Downing.
street,iiiillothing definitive is yet koown as to the
multbetlieitifeliberations.

The arriva!ef an Express from Lisbon, which loft,
that capital poi& l &h, brooght as a curious document
vgaed by tho farmer PRINCIS3 kIGINT on the 20th of
April, and published by her brother on the 9th of May.,
The Princess hai therein been made to declare, that ber
name being employed unjustly and improperly by.;
wicked men tinder false pretences, with the sinister end
of destroying the Throne aad the Altar, she there-
fore utterly detests such designs, as, being false, and,
perfidious imputations, mad diametrical', opposed to
her ,Royal,:heatt... Not the fact is, that Pottagel
still offers a large number of ♦irtuous ated• influen-
tial: ineti, who, opposing themselves strongly and

openly. against the perfidious and Malicious attacks
made on the rights of Don PEDRO and the young.Quam
by the Apostolicals, have resolved not to recognise the
iiitendedausurpation, but to form, in the absence of the
,la*ful QXEIS, a Regency, and to call upon the former
• -ailicast-Raoattr to place herself at• the head of the
• abveminedt, io the defence of the legitimate So'e. ,s •1 •
!age. A great part of the army remain faithful
to their oath ; and the Quern's party will at last di's-

covern
that th eneficent institutions which DOnPEDIIO
gtantpd.to. the Portuguese nation have already instilled
ipto.the minds of Ott people a more genetal desire of
enjoying political liberty than they were aware of. It
is therefore io:be hoped that better advice will induce
them to discontinue acting io a manner so• disgusting
io'sll Eur Ope, and which cannot fail to plunge Porttigal
is a
.v.new civil war.

We have this morning received Lisbon Papers to the
17th instant. Don MIGOLL had not then ventured to
assume 61e title of King. The only interesting parts
a their contents are the following : •

LISBON, 51.4 y Ist •
The Gazette cootiiiii an Official Notice to the fol-
lowing effect:

riesiiing to complete the loan of four millions of
"'l'm, authorised bj the law of Slat March, 1827, I
thii.k fit to open a loan of two thousand and ten contos
sod be hundred Wheel, which are still wanting to
complete the said 4,000 contos of reel."—[Here bellow
ennditions.]
fax 4.—The Gazette contains as official article its
which the. Regent orders to be published a declaration
of his Miter, she farm& Donna Isabella Maria, to the
loilowing elicit

lit
uz.
Me

10111.

00
Or
-
.

:

7•P%

" I, the Infanta Donna Isabella Maria, declare that
'h-minded persons, animated by sentiments contrary
to the peace and tranquillity which ought to be main.
tallied between good Portuguese, bare unjustly and im.
Properly made use latterly of my name for a false pie.
test, to inculcate into the unwary erroneous aad perni-
tiPiew doctrines, with the wicked design of destroying
Itii-leiter and 'the 'Throne ; and kbeing informed of Ibis
Aldasious abuse, think fit, of rgy own free will, to declare
1
414 imPutatices to befalse and perfidious, diansetri-
ttliMposed to the sentiments of my Royal heart,Which
.yet disposed to. promote every thin that can be,
111.
, ,

.

useful and advantageous. to these ititteonis.
declare on rn:yAnzul-wotd.-t ..: -.•
' I
(Sigped) - IVYWNTA 11101‘,14VISAMILLA,
• ".Palace of Ajods. •Apiil4lo. jagive . •
The order to publish thin Ii ilated Nay 9. • •
The Lisbon Gnaw; to-the 171 h May inclosiVe. con-
tain
various accounts of rejoicings in different places on
account of the return of Don Miguel, but nothing of
any importance.

By the accounts from Odessa we learn, that the
Russian Black Sea fleet, consisting of ten ships of the
line and six frigates, was about sailing with ten thousand
troops to effect a landing near Varna, with the inten-
tiem of supporting the army which will advance from
Ismael. All the preparations of Russia show clearly
that she is bringing the most effective part of her mili-
tary and naval power into operation, in order to tender
any extraordinary effort of the SULTAN abortive.—
According to an authentic account, the Russian navy in

1813 consisted of 32 sail of the line and 18 frigates,'
besides a large number of smaller slaps. The number
of large vessels has probably been greatly increased
since that period, and Turkey can no more oppose to
her any obstacle in her naval operations, either in the
Black Sea or in the Mediterranean. The present struggle
between the Russians and the Turks is so unequal, coo-.
sidering the exhausted state of tbe latter country, that
i t is next to impossible for it to maintain its independence,
unless other Powers think it their own interest to interfere.
The Austrians are assembling in strong forces on the
frontiers of the seat of war ; Mayence and other fortresses
on the Contihent,- are about to be still mae strongly
fortified.; and it will not surplse us to hear soon of a
Coalition formed equal to those to which the ambition
of the French Ruler, till the restoration, gave rise.
