the names 6f the 100 vessels, that of their Masters, date
of departure, or arrival. and thus afford some satisfac-
tory reason for this disciepaticy in statement, which with
reaped to the number of vessels, is an increase in the pro-
portion of. jive, and in the tonnage of four to one?
He has the means of obtaining the names of the
vessels, and the dates of their departure, if the facts be
as implied by the document, which I confliently deny.
It is not fair, In argument, for ANcLos to put queries
to the Reviewer which can be answered by A stows him-
self; and therefore, he has only to supply himself, if he
can, with a satisfactory justification for his merely afford-
ing a supposition, instead of correct and detailed returns,
of whose accuracy the public can judge, as well as how
far they satisfactorily explain the very great discrepant
cies I have pointed out.
The next charge
_which AsioLus brings against the
Reviewer relates to the provisions of the Code Henri,
for the regulation of plantation labour in Hayti. He
says, " In no part of the article, on which 1 hate corn-
" mented at such length, doe.; the Reviewer appear to
." me to have acted more unfairly, than in the repre-
" antatiuns which he has made of the provisions of the
" Code Henri, for regulating plantation-labour. Sup-
" pose that a Frenchman, or an American, were to
" profeis to give to the world a view of the erudition
" of the English labourer, and in execution of his pur-
" pose, were to quote only that part of our Statute-
" book which consigns vagrants to the workhouse, or
16 which carts paupers home, or which fixes the hours
"of mechanical labour, and then were to exclaim,
" Such is the boasted freedom of the English peasant,
" a freedom not very far removed from the character
" 6of slavery,' would not the whole ire of the Quarterly
• Review be poured out on such a man r
It is necessary now, to refer to the passage which
has produced this charge of unfal-rnes,.
In page 574 of the last Quarterly Review, it is said—
*" We presume, no Abolitionist, in citing the example of
• St. Domingo, would venture to argue, that the in-
" creased happiness and prosperity of the Slaves
" under their new condition in that Island (admitting,
" for the sake of argument, that such improvement has
• taken place), would justify a general revolution in
" our West India Colonies, accompanied with a similar
" destruction and ruin of the European inhabitants of
" those Colonies. With respect to the improved con-
" dition of the Haytiaa Slave, in his new character as a
44 free•labourer, we find certain qualifications in the
• Code Henri, which- must be very mortifying to the
" advocates of sudden emancipation; for, in this very
" Colony, which burst forth into a state of freedom
from slavery, we find the same hours of labour irre-
vocably established as' in the Slave Laws of our own.
Colonies; work' was to commence with the day-light,
" and to be continued uninterruptedly till tight o'clock;
" one hour was to be allowed to the labourer for break.;
* fast, on the spot where employed—at bine, work was.
14 to recommence, until noon, when two hours reptile(
" were to be given to the labdurer ; at two, exactly, he
0 was to recommence work, and not to leave off be.
" fore night-fall ; and no labdarer, without special per-
" mission of the Lieutenant of he King, was to be
4' allowed to absent himself Tram the plantation on
" working-days, unless at the special request of the
" Overseer or Conductor. We do riot know how fax
" these regulations, supported by strong penal enact-
menu, in some cases amounting t 6 the loss of
44 and pronounced to be ' irrevocable, have been
" modified ; but we think them eminently calculated to
shew, that the gradations of freedom hitherto at.
" tamed by the labouring population of that Island, are
" not very far removed from the character of slavery.'
This question is one of fact. Did the " Code Henri*
impose rules on the emancipated Negro employed in
agriculture generally arta universally, or did it not ? If
it did not, the argument is clearly in favour of ANOLUS.
If it did, his analogy is in the highest possible degree
absurd. The part of 'our Statute-book to which he
alludes refers to only a *certain part of otir poor, but the.
part of the Code Henri referred to by the Reviewer, re-
lated to all the agrichltnral labourers under the do-
minion of Christophe.
But Awocus, when he 'Ands that his.present positions
Are utterly untenable, May be disposed to argue that,
although this might be true at a former period, it is
not proved to be so in the present day. It was not
necessary for' he Reviewer's argument to prove that it
was; but if Ai suits will refer to a pamphlet pub-
lished in the present year at New York, printed by
Mahlon Day, 572, Pearl-street, containing " The
" Correspondence relative to the Emigration to Haiti
" of the free People of Colour in the United Stateskto-
ig gether with the instructions of the Agent sent out by
" President Boyer," he will find certain passages of a
very disagreeable tendency, and bearing strongly on the
Confutation of his argument.
He will find that it was nut only deemed necessary by
Toussaint and Christophe, to compel the emancipated
agricultural Slave Population of Hayti to adhere to cer-
tain rules and regulations of labour, but that in the cased
free American blacks, coming over from the United
States to Hayti, in this year, 1824, the President, Boyer,
found it necessary to bind them by a legal agreement to
enter into certain stipulations, with respect to the mode of
applying themselves to agricultural pursuits, lest they
should be liable to become vagrants. The article is
as follows:

" Article 7. 'host of the Emigrants who prefer ap-
" plying themselves individually to the culture of the
" earth, either by tenting lands, already employed,
" which they will till, or by woi king in the field, to
" share the produce with the Proprietor, must also en-
" gage themselves by a legal actl that upon arriving at
" Haiti, they will make the above-mentioned arrange-
" ment ; and this they Must do before the Judges of the
" Peace, so that on their arrival here„ they will be
4‘ obliged to apply themselves to agriculture, and not be
" liable to become vagrants."
And yet. in the teeth of this practical experiment, in
the very centre of Negro independence, in the Republic
of Haiti,—there are persons in this country, who are
under the iofiuence of such infatuation and delusion, as
to regret that laws are not peremptorily passed here for
the emancipation of the slaves in our Colonies, without
any means being used for securing the labour of those
Slaves, when emancipated, for agricultural purposes.
It has been more than once asserted in the House of
Commons, that the state of the Free Black Population
in America is a triumphant proof of the policy of ernar4
cipation. lamat a loss to imagine how it is possible
for any man to maintain such an argument (however
desirable it may be that it should be true), after having
read a paragraph in the pamphlet to which I have re-
fereed, and which I shall now proceed to lay before my
readers. It is in a letter addressed to President Boyer,
by Mr. Dewey, the Secretary of the Colonization So-
ciety, and who subscribes himself, " A sincere well.
" wisher to the prosperity of your Government, and an
