a 3. On these conditions a gene; al amnesty will be
accorded. And,

1. The pay and subsistence of the Austrian troops
will not be at the charge of the Neapolitan Nation.
" The circulation of the terms of the ultimatum
in Naples produced the highest degree of excitement
in the public mind. Every man is ready to die in
defence of the liberties of the country. The military
dispositions are proceeding with the greatest activity.
General Guglielmo Pepe commands in the Abruzzi;
Arcovito, in San Germano; Carascosa and Ambrosio
are marching on Rome, where they are expected to
arrive on the 15th. Filangieri will remain in Naples
with the Reserve. The Prince Vicar• General will
be at that point where his presence shall be found
most essential. Begani commands at Gaeta. The
regular troops at Naples amount to 60,000 infantry,
and 0,000 cavalry, with a good supply of artillery.
The militia are estimated to amount to 100,000 men.
Finally, great reliance is placed on the public spirit
and known courage of the Neapolitan citizens and
peasants, in the event of its being found necessary
to have recourse to the system of Guerillas."

do ROME, FEBRUARY 13.

14 Intelligence has been received that a Corps of
Neapolitans, 26,000 strong, have advanced toVelletri,
and that they meditate the occupation of the strong
posts in the neighbourhood of this city."

• MILAN, FEBRUARY 20.
44 A division of the Austrian Army entered the
province of Ferrara on the 7th, and rqarched in three
columns to Bologna, where they were quartered in
the different Convents, the inhabitants refusing to
receive them into their houses. Another division

defiled through Romagna, by the way of Comacchio.
This corps, consisting of 10,000 troops, was at Pesaro
on the 14th, and calculated on taking up quarters at
Ancona on the 16th. Of that section of the Austrian
Army which entered Bologna,, the greater part took
the road of Tuscany, and the smaller that of Imola,
leaving behind 2000 men in Bologna, who, however,
took no part in the duty of the place, which was per-
-formed as usual by the potifical troops. _
P.S. It is but just ascertained that the column
which marched from Bologna by the road of Tus-
cany, has arrive& at Radicofani, a place between
Florence and Rome."

. The Paris Papers of Friday arrived last night, and
those of Saturday, at a late hour this forenoon. They
furnish us with little in addition to the intelligence we
have received through other quarters, respecting the
' operations of the belligerents.
The Moniteur publishes, from the nom* Waal
Gazette, the Manifesto of the Emperor of Averate, the
authenticity of which is thus doubly confirmed.
An article, dated Florence, the 18th, after men-
tioning the passage through that City of a column of,
the Austrians, states, that according to accounts from
Naples, the whole of the English squadron in the
Bay of Naples had received orders to rendezvous in
the port of Messina, and that on their arrival a great
change was expected in the affairs of Sicily.
French Five per Cents.—Friday, 85fr. 40c.

A Mail has arrived from Holland with Papers to
the 24th instant. The following is the only article
lof any interest which they contain :

CONSTANTINOPLE, JANUARY 10.

The latest accounts from Albania and Romelia do
not confirm the account of the actual raising of the
siege of Jannina by the Turkish troops but they
state the continued defence made by Ali Pacha. The
castle, which he defends, protects him; and though
the besiegers have sometimes destroyed some of the
outworks, they have been immediately repaired. Ali
endeavours to make himself popular; he makes his
troops sensible (who are not so few in number as
they have been represented), that he does not combat
for himself, but for the interest and freedom of his
faithful companions. His great age, so the artful
Rebel says, does not allow him to think of himself
Being deserted by his children, all his treasures be-
long to those who share his fate, since Fortune has
abandoned him ; and he will never consent to see his
faithful friends delivered into cruel slavery.
These insinuations are the mote listened to, as they
are attended with liberal presents. Sallies are often
made, and generally with some success: The Turkish
troops are exposed to all the hardships of .a winter
campaign: piovision and ammunition are scarce.—
Several corps of Arnauts, who had abandoned Ali, are
collecting again, and roam about in arms, plunder the
country, acid do Much injury to the Turkish troops. •

Mr. F. J. Ri4txtiox last night moved, in the House
of Commons, for leant¢ tjrintin a Bill to repeil the
several Acts at present- in force for regulating the
mode of taking the averages on Grain, and consoli-
dating all the provisions in one Act. The Right Hon.
Gentleman, in moving for leave, detailed the various
alterations which be proposed embodying in his new
Bill, and which will be found detailed in our Report of
the Proceedings. Leave was given to bring in the Bill.
We are happy to find that the inequitable project
'of extending the Poor Rates to the Shipping in the
Port of Hull, is given up ; it being resolved, on the
motion of Mr. Simms, that the Bill should be read this
day six months. We have every reason to believe that,
had it been carried for that Port, it would have been
speedily extended.to every other in the kingdom.

It is reported that the KING, assisted by her Royal
Highness the Princess AUGUSTA, will hold a Draw-
ing-room, at the Palace of Buckingham House, on
the 22d of the ensuing month. It is said, too, that his
MAJESTY will give a series of six several Balls in the
course of the season, at Carlton Palate ; and that the
invitations will be unrestricted by any political feeling.
The Duke of YORY is so much recovered from his.
cold and hoarseness, as to be able to leave York House
yesterday, and to proceed to his Office to transact
busiuess as Commander-in-Chief.

The Earl 'and Countess of BRIDALBANE have left
Edinburgh for Taymouth.
Captain HAWTAYNE, of the Royal Navy, has ar-
rived in Montrose, to take charge of the cutters and
•boats in the Preventive Service, along that district of
coast. The }imams cutter, Lieutenant Cos.arr, on
the same service, is stationed at Arbroath.

Last week, a man at one of the public works in
Glasgow, drank, instead of water, a quantity of the
liquor used in the dying process, and, in spite of
prompt medical aid, survived only for a few days.
Thursday, a child, aged only two years, the son
of John Collis, a carpenter, at Horndean, while'the'
back of its mother was momentarily turned, ap-
plied its mouth to the spout of a teakettle, filled with,
boiling water, and moving it, poured such a quantity]
down its throat, that, after lingering till five o'clock
in the evening of the same day, he died.
Res.—About five o'clock yesterday evening, an
alarming fire broke out in the Laboratet7 Whinging to Messrs.
J. and C. lienza, wholesale eh mists and drawing, an their
premises, (late the Half-moon Tavern), in Gutter-lane, Cheap-
aide. It was occasioned by the porter carrying a lighted candle
to some carpenters who were at work on the premises. In so
doing he overturned some bottles of spirits, which broke, and the
candle setting the spirits on fire, the whole place was aeon in
lames. The men with difficulty escaped, and the fire com-
municated to the dweLfhg-house, which was soon in flames.--
The progress of the devouring element was greatly accelerated
by the inflammable nature of the stock. Several firwengines
speedily arrived, but notwithstanding the alacrity of the fire-
men, the premises in which the conflagration commenced; which
extend from Gutter-lane nearly into roster-lane, Was totally
consumed, and the houses of Mr. GA 1011111, a trhuniing-nuans-
lecturer, on one side, and of Messrs. Lime= and Co. engravers,
, on the other, and the hacks of six houses in cleapskle, were
greatly damaged.
•

THE Aft Mk.

117

The Bth Veteran Battalion, which has bean in ,
rison at Aberdeen for some time past, hav, retiek,o4
crders to hold themselves in readiness for ernhaik4l
tion for Ireland, where they will tse disembodet
They are to sail from Aberdeen for Leith, wheiect
they will march for Portpatrick.
