al are free, you cannot.be flogged, and'
....kaleetkuot work." ThE evil in this system
...acipattein was, that the,Seate and not the parent
...adcipated the child.' But contrast this state of eman-
cipation with the state of emancipation contemplated by
the'Order in Council, which enabled the slave to pur-
chase his freedom—which provided him with the means
discliarging the duties of a freemanwhich erralr!e,i
hitir to purchase the freedom of his child ip preference to
his own, and therefore gave him an interest in taking care
that the child should receive that instruction which would
render him capable of enjoying the benefits of freedom.
With respect to the children emancipated by the State,
they must be previously educated by the State; and if that
previous education did not take place, he would ask their
Lordships how they could imagine that any good could
result from such emancipation? 'He could assure their
Lordships, that ever since this measure had been
brought under tire consideration of his Majesty's Go-
vernment, he had paid the most anxious attention to the
subject, and most• anxiously desired that he could bring
his judgment to take the same view of the subject as the
heart of every man possessing the common feelings of
charity or commiseration prompted him to take; but he
must state (and that most reluctantly) to their Lord-
ships, that the only conclusion which he could arrive'
at was, that the great object of the abolition of slavery
was to tte attained pr;ucipally by affording tc the slaves
the amplest means of moral and religious instruction;
by enabling them, by the fruits of their industry, to
purchase their freedom, or the freedom of their chil-
dren; by quickening in them a desire for t': ).e arts by
which they might more readily acquire tLe means of
procuring their freedom ;and by diligently but cautiously
instilling into them a sense of the blessing.' of that free-
dom, which they must acquire by their industry alone.
One thing more he would beg leave to suggest to their
Lordships, and that was, that it was his honest and. sin-
cere opinion that nothing was more calculated to defeat
the object which their Lordship& had in vieav than the
constant discussion in Parliament upon this subject.—
The manner in which the discussion was carried on was
calculated to produce the most serious injuries—it war
.calculated to break down the barrier between master
and slave—to excite alarm in the mind of the master,
and discontent, insubordination, and insurrection in the
mind of the slave—(Hear, hear). He did not wish now
to advert to what had lately taken place at Jamaica,.
but be was ready to admit that their proceedings were
rash and inconsiderate, and that they were carried on
not from any apprehension of fear for: their own secu-
rity, but from an apprehension that the rumours which
were then in circulation were well founded. What
kindness can be expected by a slave from a master who
expected every moment that he would be deprived of
what by law was his property ? and, on the other hand,
what eki:ectations. could be entertained that a slave,
buoyed up with delusive hopes of immediate emancipa-
tion, would apply himself to industrious pursuits to ob-
tain that emancipation? He should conclude by ex-
preising his most anxious wishes, that the future e'er.
tions of the friends of the abolition of slav4ry, would be
directed towards the counteraction of those evils which
necessarily must be the result of inconsiderate and pre-
mature discussion—(Load cheers). He thanked their
Lordships for the patient attention with which they had
listened to his observations; but considering the situa-
tion which he had the honour to hold, he trusted their
Lordships would attribute the length of his observations
to an anxious desire of discharging to the utmost of his
abilities his painful duty—(J-kar, hear).
Lord HOLLAND did not rise for the purpose of
making any observations upon what had fallen from'
the Noble Earl, because if he were to make 'any obser-
vation upon them, it should be in praise of measures.
for which be, as a West India proprietor, as a friend of
freedom, and as a Member of that House, gave to
Ministers his sincere thanks. Indeed, the only regret
which he felt was, that those measures had not been
long since adopted; but he rose for the purpose of stating,
that by any former opinion which he had given. as
to the necessity of affording religious instruction to the
slaves, he was not bound to approve of the Ecclesiastical
establishment now proposed by Ministers; and he also
rose for the purpose of asking the Noble Earl whether
the Order in Council which he had mentioned referred
to all the ceded islands, or referred only to Trinidad?
He asked this question because many of the provipions
of the measin e appeared to him to be founded upon the
Spanish law.
Earl BATHURST.—The Order applies solely to
Trinidad ; there will be a separate Order for St. Lucia,
more conformable to the French law; and there will be
ia separate Order also for Demerara and Berhice, when
the instructions which have been sent out there shall
have been considered and shall arrive in this country.
On the motion of the Noble Earl, the papers were
then ordered to be printed ; and their Lordships ad=
rjourned at Half-past Seven o'Clock.

Of 9/I

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The House was summoned in the usual way to the 'lons:, of
Lords, to hear the Royal Assent given to several Bills by Commission.

ABULMON OF SLAVERY.

Sims. LEMON presented a Petition from the Minister. Church-
wardens, and, Inhabitants of Stilyard, praying for the Abolition of
the Slave Trade ; and a great number of similar Petitions from
various other places.
