•
'TICKETS and SHARES are Idling in a
yarnme of Numhers, warranted untfrawn, and will can-
o•, S ,!e. during ti,e Drawing, at DRUNIMOND's
LUCKY 01. F ICE, No. 65, fleet-Arco; where the Two Firft
Prizes drawn this Loiter), were Sold, Shard, and
Regift ; and where al fo was fold No. 53,43', drawn a Prize
of load. the Eighth Day.—STATE of the WHEEL :
2 Pri:.es of - L.30,c 00
20,CC0
3 I00:00
3 3,0c0
6 2,000

6 - - - - z pco
Bcfidessool. cool. &c. &c.
.

Country Orders carefully attended to, and Prizes paid as
(non as down ; all Kinds of Government Sec4rities bouglit and
fold by Commillion.

AMERICA.

PHILADELPEIA, DECEMBER 20.

A multitude of letters have been received in this
city, from Algiers, which fully illuftrate the na-
ture of the affair recently announced. From mo-
tives of delicacy, the gentlemen who have received
them, forbear giving publicity to their contents.
It is evident from the whole, however, that the
coercion under which Captain BAINBRIDGE has
been obliged to a&, was of the moil imperious na-
ture. Nor was he, or Mr. O'BRIAN, remit.% in
making every prudent and pradicable oppofition
to the degrading requifition. The following is the
only extrad which we have been able to obtain:
Extrad of a Letter from an officer on board the
GEORGE WASHINGTON frigate, Captain BA IN-
BR IDGE, dated at Algiers, Oftober 14, 1800.--,, I
am lorry to infurm you, that we are to let fail
from hence to-morrow, for Conflantinople, which
will of courfe detain us from our country at ie.&
nine months. We are going to carry prefents from
the Dey of Algiers to. the Graad Seignior. We
are to take with us so gentlemen, 100 negro Turks,
6o Turkifh women, two Lions, two Tygers, four
•Horles, zoo Sheep, betides Jewels and- Wiley.
The Dey infifted on our going; and we had only
to choofe between compliance and slavery. They
have hoifled the red flag at our maintop-gallant-
mail head."

It is further underliood, that Capt. O'llet AN had
to enter into a fecurity on the part of the United
States, of 800,000 dollars, for the fafe delivery at
Conitantinople of the cargo of the George Wall-
ington.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WEDNESDAY, MARCH zs.

The Earl of Strathmore (one of the Exteen Scots Peers) was
(worn, and took leis feat.

The o..ths of Allegiance were adminiftered to Mn. Amelia
Welt*, relief of the late Welt*, Efg. previous to the
difeuflion of a Bill for her naturalization.

Some routine hufinefs was then difpofed of; af-
ter which their Lord/rips adjourned till to-morrow,
when, at half pal} three o'clock, the LORD CHATI•
mama comes down :o the Honll, and a Comrnif-
fion takes place for fignifying the Royal Aifent to
certain Bills which hat•c paffed both Houfes of
Parliament.
