state of this, volcano to that In which the hearts of
all Neapolitans were at that moment."—congui.
I tionnel.—French Five per Cents. Thursday, gsf. 65c,

MINORITY.
Apski, Lord Elliott, Hon. W. Peel. Right Hon. R.
Archdale, M. .Ellis, Thomas Peel, W.
Ashur*, W. Fairlie, Sir W. C. Fellow, Hon. P. B.
Astell, William Fane, John Penruddock,
Auley, J. D. Pane, Vere Pitt, Wm. Morton
Attwood, M. Fane, Thomas Pitt, J.
A'Coum MIS. Fellowes, W. H. Pollen, Sir John
Alexander, J. Fetherstone, Sir T. Portman, E. B.
Ancram, Lord Fife, Earl of Powell, Sir J. K.
Bankes, Henry Fleming, John Price, Richard
Bankes, George Folkes, Sir M. Paxton, W. G.
Bathurst, Rt. Hn. B. Fox, G. L.
Pe roe,
John
Bathurst, Hon. S. Fyne*, H. . Pole, Sir P.
Beckett, Rt. Iln. J. Gascoyne, J. Rogers, E.
Bent, J. Gifford, Sir R. Robarts, A.
Bentinck, Lord F. Gilbert, D. G. Rice, Hon. G.
Beresford, Sir John Graham, Sir J. Rlckett, C. M.
Beresford, Lord G. Grant, A. C. Bickford, W.
Bernard, I.ord GreSille, Sir C. Robertson, A.
Blackburne, John Gosgett, W. Russell, J. W.
Blair, J. Grosvenor, D. Rayne, Jonathan
Bouverie, Hon. B. Handley, H. Ray, Sir W.
Brogden, James Hart, General Scott, lion. W.
Brownlow, C. Harvey, Sir E. Scott, S.
Brudenell, Lord Hill, Sir G. Seymour, Hugh
Bright, H. Holford, G. P. Seymour, Horace
Bruce, Robert Holmes, W. Shelley, Sir John
Burrell, Sir C. Hotham, Lord Shiffner, Sir G.
Burrell, Walter Heygate, Alderman Smith, T. A.
Buxton, J. J. Hodson, J. A. Smith, Christopher
Claughton, Thomas Innes, John Smith, Samuel
Calvert, John Jenkinson, Hon. C. Sneyel, N.
Cawthorn., J. F. Jervolse, G. P. Somerset, Lord G.
Cecil, Lord T. Irving, John Somerset, Lord E.
Chaplin, C. Knox, Hon. T. Stewart, W.
Cheere, E. DI. Keck, G. A. L. Stratbaven, Lord
Childe, W. L. Kinnersley, W. St. I aul, Sir H.
Cholmeley, Sir M. Knatchbull, Sir E. Stoptord, I.ord
Clerk, Sir G. Langston, J. H. Strutt, J. H.
Clements, Hon. J. Lemon, Sir W. Sumner, G. Ilolme
Clinton, Sir W. Lennox, Lord G. Suttie, Sir J.
Clive, Hon. 11. H. Leslie, C. P. Stewart, Sir John
Clive, Henry Leigh, J. H. Taylor, Sir 11.
Cockerell, Sir C. Leagh, F. Taylor, G. W.
Cole, Sir Christopher Lewis, W. Thynne, Lord J.
Cole, Sir L. Lethbridge, Sir T. 'fownshend, Lord C.
Collett, F.. Lindsay, Hon. 11. Townshend, lion. H.
Congreve, Sir W. Lowther, Lord Tremayne, J. H.
Copley, Sir John Lowther, tin. 11. C. Tulk, C. A.
Cotterell, Sir John Lowther. J. H. Thompson, W.
Corbett, P. Lucy, 0. Ure, M. . .
Cranbourne, Lord Lushington, S. R. Valletort, Lord
Crawley, Sam. Luttrell, H. Vansittart, ' lit. lion.
Cripps, J. ' Maberley, John Nicholas
Curtis, Sir William Macnaghten, E. A. Vivian, Sir 11.
Curteis, J. H. Magennis, R. Webbe, Edward
Curzon, Hon. Rt. Manners, Lord R. Wallace, Ik. Hon. T.
Cost, lion. W. Manners, Lord C. Westenra, lion. H.
Cost, lion. E. Mansfield, John Wells, John
Cost, lion. P. Martin, Sir T. B. Wemyss, J.
Cooper, R. P. Mills, C. Wetherell, C.
Dickenson, W. Mitchell, John Whitmore, Thos.
l)alrymple, A. Monteith, H. Wigrarn, W.
Davenport, 1). Morgan, Sir C. Wilbraham, E. B.
Davies, T. 11. Morgan, G. O. 'Wildman, J. 11.
Dawkins, 11. Munday, E. M. Williams, Robert
Deerhurst, Lord Monday, G. Wilson, Thomas
Divert, Thomas Musgrove, Sir P. Wodehouse, Hon. J.
Dodson, D. Mountcharles, Lord NV/alehouse, Ed.
Douglas, John Nightingale, Sir M. Wilson, Sir H.
Dowdeswell, J. E. Ommaney, Sir F Wyndham, W.
Downie, Robert O'Neill, I lon. J.
Drake, T. 'l'. einslow, A. --.
Drake, W. T. Pakenham, lion. IT. TILLTIS.
Dugdale, D. Palk, Sir L. Dawson, G.
Egerton, W. Pechell, Sir Thos. Long, lit. Hon. C.

Parliament for two hours, in a very animated strain, and con-
cluded by recommending war, as the only alternative but dis-
grace and humiliation. This was received with bursts of ap-
plause.by the galleries, chiefly filled with young men of respect-
able appearance. There were occasionally shouts of rive !In-
khorn l' for we are become more popular than ever since Sir
Witham A'Coures declaration of neutrality. The Prince lie-
gent has announced his intention of proceeding with the army to
the frontier, as indeed has his brother. The reports made in
Parliament of the military measures of the country ore very peo-
mising : if they are to be believed, there will be no want of men
or of spirit."
From the Neapolitan Journal called Thelndependent.
" NAPLES, FEBRUARY 12.
• " After the audience given by the Prince Regent to
the Envoys of Russia, Austria, and Prussia, the Se-
cretaries of State were convoked. His Royal High-
ness read to them a letter of five pages, written with
his own hand to the King. It protested that the let-
ter of the 18th of January could not have been dic-
tated by his free will, since his Majesty had never at
any time manifested such sentiments ; and declared,
• that at all events, he• (his Royal Highness) was re-
solved to follow the destiny of the Nation, and, to
maintain its rights, independence, and glory, he
would expose his own life, and what was still dearer
to him, the lives of all his family. The letter was so
touching, that it drew tears from the whole Council."

In addition to the preceding accounts, We hare,
at a late hour this forenoon, received the followino.
61 express, from Paris :
PARIS, MARC!' 31

Yesterday, the '2d, there was a Secret Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies, in which the Milk,.
of Foreign Affairs was called upon to let the nation
know the situation in which France stands Reidy
spect to the kingdom of Naples. M. Etienne and
Generals
er . Fe oiyn
thea and
highest i, deliiivlteeiteedstiz:a.ll
which
which affected the uliole Chamber. The miitinei
was hard puihed, but persisted in keeping ;400,,e.
and would not give any information upon .our Situ
tion with respect to Naples and Spain. He pleaded
the Charter as his authority, which gives the Kin.
the right of making war or peace. The vennheiB
delivered in this important sitting are pine tube
printed. M. Pasquier has said in private, that imo
had signed nothing hostile agaitiot Naple , hut that
it had only consented to pay down to Austria sittepi
millions, which were due at more di•tant terms.

NAPLES, FEBRUARY 13.
The national enthusiasm extends to all classes of
Citizens, and increases daily. Yesterday there was
opened a subscription for relieving the most indigent
families of the provincial soldiers of Naples who may
be called to the frontiers ; in a few hours there were
a thousand signatures for considerable sums, al-
though the subscription had not been announced in
the Journals.

SITTING OF THE CHAMBER OF. DEPurus, OF rift
IST MARCH, CONTINUED.

The debate on the new limits of certain Je,At.
ments, was concluded, and the law being pot to the
vote, it appeared that there were 302 Menihet,
sent ; 219 were for, and 83 against the law; which
eras t
0.. rr
Consequentlymo o w o
par
the
ss d . There will be no public
pitting d a y
after. To-morrow dine
is to be a Secret Committee at one o'clock.

PARIS, ARCH 2.

If the news which we have received, and *WI
announces that the first'column (4- d. Austrian vim
had halted at Sienna, should he cootirmed. „e eal;
still have hopes that every road to pacific
ments is not closed, and that a new effusion of Wood
will not afflict the lrien,is of humanity.

The Piece, entitled E :Loom- de la Patrie, repre-
sented last night at the Theatre of St. Carlos, and
which was honoured with the presence of the Prince
Regent and his august family, attracted a prodigious
concourse of spectators of all classes. We have not
words to describe the patriotic transports with which
all hearts were animated. We shall content ourselves
with saying, that the representation was a thousand
times interrupted by unanimous cries of " Long live
Liberty !"—" Long live the Country !"—" Long live
the Constitution !"—" Long live our beloved Prince
Regent, and his august Spouse!"—" Long live the
National Independence, which he will assist us to
defend !" Both at the arrival and the departure of
the Regent, the strongest sentiments of respect and
affection were manifested for his person.
The Austrian troops advance with their usual slow-
ness. The Pope not having made any protest against
their passage through his States, has placed himself
in a state of open war with the Government of Na-
ples, which had scrupulously respected his States of
Benevento and Ponto Corvo, although it might have
been easy, when solicited by the inhabitants, to unite
them to the Neapolitan territory.
The effect of the movement of the Austrians has
been to cement the union between the citizens of the
Two Sicilies, and the Palermitans even have deferred
their pretensions, in order to march against the com-
mon enemy.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, IS2I.
THE FUNDS.

PRICE OF STOCKS TIIIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
3 per Cent. Cons. 727 s 73% 73
5 per Cent. Navy 106% 3/4 •.
India Bonds 435. 445. pr.
Exch. Bills 4s. 6s. pr.
Consols for Acct. 73% gs 1/2.

GENOA, yEBRUA Rl' 21.

Private letters from Naple,, received in this citr,
say, that the Governmeat has refused perinissios
grant privateers.

BOLOGNA, FEBRUARY
Travellers who left Naples only four days ago,
state, that the Parliament has unaninwisly adapted
the enerzetic resolution to repel force by force,
amidst the acclamations of the Public sllO sar.,
sounded the Hall of the Sittings. Ali classes of
citizens are filled with enthusiasm. Most of the
Officers have generously offered to sacrifice their
pay during the whole time the war shall lag. May
have been seen to embrace each other, and swear to
bury all their ancient dissensions and tivalship is
!oblivion.

A Neapolitan flotilla is cruizing on the coast d
the Roman States,•either to observe the enemy or to
secure the communication with Naples.
Many foreigners, particularly a great ouroberof
English Officers, have offered their services to the
Neapolitans, to command free corps. Their oilers
have been accepted.

Everybody at Naples was occupied with dui
cal death of an ancient Officer of the Police,

Pietro, who was killed on occasion of an entenaii
ment which he gave, to celebrate the declaration'
the Congress at Laybach ; but reports vary mach(
the particulars of this event. Sean% is making f
the assassins. He received several wounds with
dagger, in a retired place ; and the murderers, aft
killing him, put in his mouth a paper, on which in
"
written—" No. 1.

FROM 1.1.1M1C1 DELLA COST.
We have received this forenoon accounts direct ,i A Council of War, composed of all the General
from Naples to the 15th ultimo ; as also the Paris Officers now at Naples, has been held at the Prince
Papers of Thursday and FriAay, the contents of Regent's. Some were of opinion that we should im-
which are of no other interest than as they relate to mediately act on the offensive, and enter the Roman
Neapolitan affairs. The subjoined extracts will shew territory. But in consequence of the imperfect state
the state in which matters stood according to the in which not only the equipment of the Militia is, but
latest authentic advises: even the whole materiel of the Army, a majority of
EXTRACT FROM A PRIVATE LETTER, DATED NAPLES, voices were in favour of the defensive system. The
FEBRUARY 14. abandonment of the capital will unfortunately be the
" You must doubtless take a great and lively interest for the
first consequence of it."
gallant Neapolitans; war appears certain. The insolence of the
Despot of Austria is beyond hounds, his troops are supposed to FLORENCE, FEBRUARY 17.
be in march, and death and desolation are threatened. But The day before yesterday, the second column of
threats avail nothing; the spirit of the Nation is roused,' Death the Austrian troops put themselves in march to leave
or Victory is the general cry, and at least two hundred thou-
our city. Yesterday, the third column arrived; it is
sand men are prepared for the contest, a contest which probably _
under the orders of Prince Hesse Hombourg.
may decide upon the liberty or slavery of Europe! The Aus-
trian force that will be opposed to this phalanx of the sons of The General-in-Chief Baron de Frimont, is still
freedom cannot exceed seventy thousand men, or rather mer- within our walls. I
cenaries. If you would know what enthusiasm is, come quickly PARIS, MARCH 1.
to Naples. Never did I witness anything of the kind before, Private letters from Rome give the following de•
nor could I have formed an idea of the effects that a love of
tails :—" On the night of the 13th February, some
liberty is capable of producing. One heart, one mind, one
persons came into that city announcing that a great
soul, seem to animate the whole population !!"
gxraacx FROM A PRIVATE LETTER, DATED NAPLES, number of Neapolitans were advancing. The news
caused great alarm, and the City Guard was turned dinner, at his house in Hamilton-place, to his i
Saturday, the LORD CHANCELLOR gale
FEBRUARY 13. a
" The Austrian army arc understood to be in full march upon out. On the morning of the 14th, Cardinal Gonsal- Highness the Duke of YORK, the Duke of Moo
us: the Duke de Gatti returned with the ultimatum otthe Powers
vi
sent out some scouts, who brought intelligence the Duke of WELLINGTON, the Earl of Loot
two days ago. The Parliament assembled to-day to receive a corn-
anybody of Neapolitan
muuication of what passed at Laybach. The Prince Re- they Idnot met
,cnt made that .a e with
a very good speech, stating the difficulties of Ms situation as a troops. At last, it was found that the arrival in the DATHURST, Lotd 3lEtArru.s, and a large per
Lord., REDESDALE, the Earl of Wssruoitztasoir•
distinguished personages.
son, as a father, and as Regent of the Kingdom; but declaring environs of Rome of some Neapolitan deserters had Lard CASTLEREAGH had a large pot! to 161
distinctly that it was his final resolution, as well as his duty, to given rise to the mistake. The same letters add, that on Saturday, at his house in St. Jame.s's-ttlege.....g,
stand or fall with his country. After this, letters were read from -
the Austrians had taken possession of Ancona, as a The Duke of Mouton is nearly recovered froul:ln
the English and French Ministers, expressive of the sense of their
support to their corps de reserve."—Gaz. de France.
etive-Courts; that of the English Ambassador, ir William
- " A rding to a private letter from Naples, dated land
-place,
Detazes and suite, la
Major Ihwker, has left Hatchett's Hotel, for %
A'Court, was in answer to a requisition to him from-the Neapolt. CCO
Parkfoot House, on the estate of Kilhirnie, in A ,
tan Secretary for Foreign Affairs, calling on him to state the object the 13th, it appears that at the rising of a Council in about ten o'clock on Tuesday sennight. Mr. tile, 1,71,
which was held the same day with which a British squadron was kept in the. , the Chief command of bay of Naples. to be out at the time, but Mrs. Bo
TD was
kilted
In his reply, Sir William stated the squadron to be, in the at her
the troops of the line has been confided to General Requifort, one of the persons accused of lows._ tel I
strictest sense of the word, one of observation; that England ...
that of the National Guards to General
Carascosa, the infamous assassination of blanbal BACA 55.
wheel, and the servant gir was driven into
aoloodiediell
ro
would maintain the most impartial neutrality, and would not in- demised to death. • satitfa444
Wrier, in any ease, unless to ilasist the Royal Family personally Pepe, and that of the Royal Guard to General Flan- J. and J. SIVEWRIGHT have the high
Is avoiding any insult or danger, and as long as the persons and gieri. The Royal Guard, destined to form the fourth congratulating their Friends, who pUithased 4,1
paspedes of British subjects should be•respected. This detla-
active corps, will set out on the 15th. The Neapoli- Offices, on the result of last Wednesdal S 111"
. siz
ratios was received with great satisfaction, except only that part i tan squadron sailed on the 12th to take on board the
which alluded to danger to persons of the Royal Family, which I
i troops which are in Sicily to transport them to the which enabled them to distribute, in thirteen__ Ka
110. '2,053, one of the Grand Prizes of Oli0olt."'
did not appear to be so well relished as the rest. The answer
of the French Minister was very much in the same style as that coast of Pouille.”—/bid. which ins'
continuance of that good fortune ,1„,
of Sir William A'Court, but did not excite so lively an interest.' " Commercial letters and Consols, besides Three other Capitals; 1111_,.
announce, that the advanced attends their Offices. On the 17th of Tig.,,"":10
EXTRACT FROM ANOTHER PRIVATE LETTER, DATED guard of the Austrian Army has halted at Sienna. being St. Patrick's Day, the Lottery Wit
NAPLES, FEBRUARY 15. i " The Independent of the Two Sicilies remarks
.. lam just returned front the Parliament, where I heard fwd that on the very day of the publication of the dim'
finish, when Three Prizes of £21,000 eaetik.
' all the other Capitals, must be drawn; !",,..,
or three very able speeches—able, both in matter and manner. uncommon attraction of so rich a Wheel, w`2 D
Signior BoreUi is their principal orator. On presenting a Re_ King's letter from Laybach, Vesuvius vomited fright- their Offices, s7'
-t boat the Ceramists, of eavesaments be addressa as' ful flames and torrents of lava. It compares the hill ; 11, Holborn ; and 38, Harnari6e4
mend an early application at . .

Austrian troops continue to pass through &slog
Though they in general observe excellent cliscipli
yet their presence has caused some disagras
scenes, which have appeared so serious, astoca
an idea to be entertained for some time of dims
the Citizens. There are vague reports of motes
having manifested themselves in that put of
Marshes which border on the Abruzzos.

Accounts have been received from Madrid dOete
assembling of the Codes on the 20th ult. The besi
dent of the Permanent Deputation, who opened&
Meeting, terminated his speech by saying, dm
the situation in which Spain, and indeed the wwi
of Europe was at this moment, energetic and tigorci
measures scene necessary. The speech WM rid
with cries of—" Long live Liberty ! Long 1"
1 Nation 1" After some matters of form were r
through, the Assembly adjourned till the 234
KING is said to be recovering from bis indisposi°
A Colonel CAWALES was assassinated in the
of Madrid' on the night of the 17th ; a nook!
persons, suspected of being the authors of this
have been arrested.

1.

0.411; 4F
EGI ANT PRINCESS
LIZ.

-7--
It is with the most unfeigned :sorrow that we have
mannotince the death of the infant Princess ELIZA-
;OO, the dwhiauhter of the Duke and Duchess of
oasce, g
plac
ch took e yesterday morning at
soo'clock. Notwithstanding the premature birth
d her Royal Highness, she continued to enjoy good
tokh, and gained strength so rapidly, that not only
or illustrious parents, but also her physicians and
attendants, entertained the most flattering hopes that
she would. survive, and that .the period of danger
01, almost over. Oa Thursday night it was oh-
o/ea that she was Da
little feverish, and in conse-
new Sir H. itALFORD and Sir W. KNIGHTON met
A. HALLIDAY in consultation on Friday morn-
g, and those Gentlemen were in constant attend-
anee.during the whole of that day, and also on
saturday; but though her Royal Highness was con-
sidered on tbat day seriously ill, we do not under-
stand that the melancholy event was at all expected.
Iler Royal Highness, however, must have been con-
sidered at the latter part of Saturday to be in a dan-
physicians did not separate till
prow state, as the
eleven o'clock on that night, and Sir A. HALLIDAY
did not go to bed at all. A little before one o'cloc k yes-
terday morning a change took place, when we itnder-
stand the Princess was observed to be in a convulsion
fit, from which her Royal Highness did not recover.
Ms sweet infant breathed her last about ten minutes
past one o'clock. As the spasm with which the
Princess was must grievously attacked went off, her
Royal Highness appeared as having fallen asleep,
the countenance being so placid. The amiable and
suffering Duchess was called in time to see her dear
and only child expire. Her feelings at the moment
may be conceived, but cannot be described. When
the Royal and afflicted parent was informed that
there was no longer any hope, her Royal Highness,
in the greatest distress of parental feelings, fell into
the arms of her equally afflicted husband, who had
not gone to bed, to whom her Royal Highness ex-
chimed, in an agony of pious grief and resignation,
• The Loan gave her, and the Lotto bath taken her
away—Ever blessed be be his name, for ,three,of the
happiest months of my life in her company 1"
In these awful and overwhelming moments of
grief, the Royal Duke supported the Duchess to her
room, where, from his soothing attentions, after some
time, she recovered some degree of tranquillity, and
then returned again to gaze on the lifeless body of
her lovely babe. Her Royal Highness was prevailed
upon to return to bed about two o'clock, where her
Royal Duke remained in unremitting attention to
her till seven o'clock, when his Royal Highness re-
tired to rest; but he only remained about two hours:
It was thought right to issue the following bulle-
tin of the mournful event, for the satisfaction of the
Public : The King's Palace, St. James's, Sunday,
March 4, Eleven o'Clock, A. 31.
• The Princess Elizabeth was indisposed on Friday. Her
loyal Highness became feverish yesterday, and about one
iciock this morning was seized with a convulsion in which she
upirtd. (Signed) " HENRY HA ',FORD.
" WILLIAM KNIGIITON.
" ANDREW HALLIDAY."

In addition to the above, we learn that both the
Duke and Duchess were as well, as, in the distressed
state of their feelings, was to be expected. They re-
ceived affectionate visits of condolence from the Duke
of YORK, the Duchess of GLOUCESTER, and the Prin-
cess SOPHIA. The two latter remained between two
and three hours comforting and supporting the
Duchess under her bereavement and affliction.
The following were among the distinguished cha-
racters who called yesterday to inquire after the
Duke and Duchess of C LA HENCE, and left their names
of condolence on the death of tht infant Princess
ELIZABETH :

-------- -
Evl Spencer, Viscount and Viscountess Dudley and Ward,
the Countess of Harrington, Marchioness of Bath, the Ladies
Thyme, Viscountess Sydney, Lady C. Ashuniham, Earl and
Countess of Mayo, Lord and Lady Henley, Sir Robert and
Lady Wigram, jun. Count and Countess Ludolf, the Bavarian
Minister,.Sir Gilbert Blanc, Rev. Dr. Kuper, Sir Robert Gar-
diner, Lady G. Wellesley, Lord and Lady James Hay, Lord
Grantley, Earl and Countess of Arran, the Speaker of the House
of Commons, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Colonel Higgins,
Earl of Chichester, Mr. Bootle Wilbraham, Earl of Westmore-
land, Viscount and Viscountess Castlereagh, Mr. lluskisson, &c.

An express was sent off at four o'clock yesterday
morning to the KING, at Brighton, with a commu-
nication of the melancholy tidings. Sir ROBERT
GARDINER, who was in Loudon, sent off an express
to Prince LEOPOLD and the Duchess of RENT, at
Claremont.

Last night the body of the Princess was opened
by PETER M'Gazoon, Esq. Serjeant-Surgeon to the
Km:, when it was discovered that the cause of her
Royal Highness's death was what is called an intro-
auception ; that is, one portion of the bowels had
become entangled in another portion, a disease to
which all young children and even adults are subject.

Yesterday, Divine' Service was performed at the
Kiwis Palace, in Pall-Mall, by the Reverend Dr.
STANIFR CLARE&

• The new statue of his MAJESTY, which is about to
be erected on the Steyne at Brighton, is to be a pe-
destrian one. About £2,700 of the £3,000 requited
to complete it, is now subscribed.
The QUEEN has consented to receive the 00,000
a-year, voted for her maintenance and support by
Parliament. It is to commence from the sth of Ja-
nuary, 1820.
Her HAJESTY has paid £15,000 for Cambridge
Home, by a draft on Messrs. COUTTS and Co.
Tim PARK.—Notwithstanding the heavy rain in
the early part of the day, not only the Drive,
but even the Promenade, was crowded with good
company for several hours yesterday afternoon.—
About four o'clock her Milanese the Princess of
CUMBERLAND (Mrs. SERRES), drove up Constitution
Hill towards Hyde-Park in a very splendid landau-
let, with servants in the Royal livery, but the gate-
keeper at the top refused to let her pass. " Her High-
ness" was peremFtory, and the gate. keeper was con-
tumacious. Messages and replies passed to and fro
for searly half an hour. The crowd increased every
moment; " her Highness" frequently addressed them
from the window ; things were beginning to wear an
awkward and rather uproarious appearance, when
the gate-keeper relaxed something of his punctdiorrs-
wets; and the gates being thrown open, the affronted
, Lady" passel into the Drive of Hyde-Park, fol-
lowed by the cheer ings of the crowd.

THE ARMY.
411.m.re

The Ist division of the 12th Foot, Colonel FORS-
TEEN, marched into the Military Barracks, Gosport,
on Saturday, from Manchester. The two other divi-
sions will arrive this day and to-morrow, and the
w:lole will embark on Wednesday for Guernsey and
Jersey. ‘.
Wednesday, the •remainink companies of the 9th
Veterans, commanded by Lieut.-Colonel Twmuz,
embarked at Plymouth for Ireland.
The following Noblemen and Gentlemen will, it is
reported, respectively embody troops of Yeomanry
Cavalry in the ensuing spring :—Earl EGREMONT,
Lord SELSIIIC, Sir C. BURRELL, and Colonel PoyNTz.
