SECOND EDITION.

HOUSE OF LORDS-THIS DAY.

Several Petitions were presented against slavery. by
Earl Gitoiy z woo and other Peers.
The Second Reading of the Regency Question had wit
been entered into up to half-poet five o'clock.

We have good authority for stating, that at the Cabinet
Council held this afternoon, the subject of Retrenchment
was fully entered upon by the New Ministers.

CITY, ONE O'CLOm
We have no arrivals of ship letters this morning ; saii,
with the exception of the Express from Paris, we are vety
dull for want of information.

There is a private letter by the Express, with a postacrim
added to it, stating that some fighting had taken place at
one of the barriers at Paris, between the National Guards
and some smugglers. The French 3 per cents. have come
I per cent. lower, no doubt caused by the great body of
troops in motion on the continent.
To-day being the paying and receiving of Accounts in th.
Stock Exchange, on the differences of the last Account,
chiefly oeenpies the attention of the brokers and jobbers;
all is u yet going off well, but it cannot be ueertained un.
til to-morrow, or late this evening, if the various drafts have
been honoured.

Consols, which left off yesterday 83i, opened this morn-
ing at 83i for the Account, reached 831 to I, at which
price they are at present.
Nothing doing in the Foreign Market.
CITY. TWO O'CLOCI.
since our twelve o'clock article, two failures have been
declared in the Congo! Market ; but they are of very little
consequenes, their differences being only a few hundred
pounds, but hints are going about of a failure out of the
house to a large extent, but as yet we cannot say more on
the subject, as it is only report.
The private letters from Paris state that great fear is en-
tertained there that some coalition will take place of some
powers on the continent.
The private letters from Amsterdam, of the 23d Nov.
state that the funds there was very dull, and prices lower.
There has been some fighting at a place called Piette, neer
Rosendall, in which the Brussels people were defeated.
At present we have no local information of consequence.
Consols still continue at a higher price for money than for
the account, owing to the money stock being so scarce.
Console at present are 83i for money, and sellers at the
above price for the account.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing. Consols left off as
yesterday.

. .
CITY. QUARTER PAST TWO.
Consols have this moment given way, and are done at
82$ for the account.

His Majesty held a Court, at his Palace at St. James's,
at two o'cloek yesterday afternoon, to hold a Chapter of the
Knights of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, for the pur-
pose of filling up the vacant stall occasioned by the decease
of Lord Ashburnham.

Lord James O'Brien (Lord in Waiting) announced to the
Knigbt at Arms that his Majesty was ready to hold the Chap-
ter. The Knights present having previously robed, went iu
procession from the robing-room to the King's closet for the
purpose of forming the procession, which issued from the clo-
set in the following order :—The Duke of Richmond, the
Marquis of Exeter, the Duke of Devonahire, the Duke of
Dorset. the Marquis of Angles**, Earl Bathurst, the Duke
of Newcastle, the Marquis of Wellesley, the Earl of Hard-
wicks, the Marquis Camden, Earl Spencer, the Earl of
Westmoreland, Prince Leopold, the Duke of Gloucester,
the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cumberland, the King's
Most Excellent Majesty, his train borne by a Page of Ho-
nour. The whole procession was conducted by the Officers
of the Order. The Bishop of Winchester, Prelate of the
Order, the Bishop of Salisbury, Chancellor of the Order, the
Dean of Windsor, Registrar, Sir Geo. Naylor, Garter Prin-
cipal King at Arms, and Sir Thomas Tyrwbitt, Usher of the
Black Rod, wearing their official robes.
The Procession entered the Throne Room. The King took
his seat at the head of the table in front of the Throne.—
The Officers of the Household stood round the King. They
were the Master of the Horse (Great Officer of State); the
Treasurer of the Household, Lord James O'Brien ; Hon.
Cecil Forrester, Groom in Waiting; Colonel Frederick Fit:-
dentate, Equerry in Waiting ; Captain Fitzclarence, Groom
of the Robes. Prince George of Cambridge was present to
witness the ceremony. The Knights having made their
obeisance to the Sovereign, took their seats at the table.
The Bishop of Salisbury, as Chancellor of the Order,
opened the Chapter by reading the Statute under which it
was held, and then said he was commanded by the King to
inform the Chapter, that there was one Stall vacant, and
that it was his Royal pleasure that it should be filled up.
The Principal King of Arms introduced the Duke of
Bedford, who, kneeling on a crimson velvet cushion, his
Majesty received the Sword of State from Mr. Marsh, one
of the Gentlemen Ushers in waiting, and with it conferred
the honour of Knighthood upon his Grace. The Duke then
retired bowing. The Bishop of Salisbury then collected the
votes of all the Knights, which were written upon sheets of
paper, and delivered them to the King, who examined them,
and instructed the Bishop of Salisbury to declare, in hie
Majesty's name, that John, Duke of Bedford, was duly
elected a Member of the Most Noble and Illustrious Order
of the Garter.

The Duke of Richmond and the Marquis of Exeter, the
two junior Knights, with the Principal King of Arm. re-
tired, and shortly returned, introducing the Duke uf Bed-
ford. The King of Arms received from Mr. Martin, one of
the Gentlemeh Ushers in waiting, the Garter and Ribband
upon a crimson velvet cushion. The Dukes of Cumber-
land and Sussex, the two senior Knights, presented his
Grace to the Bing. The Duke then knelt upon his right
knee, and his Majesty, assisted by the Dukes of Cumber-
land and Sussex, placed the Garter round the left knee.
His Grass then rose, when the Chancellor of the Order
pronounced the following admonition :
" To the honour of GOD omnipotent, and in memorial of
the blessed Martyr, St. George, tie about thy leg for thy
renown this noble arter, wear it as the symbol of the most
illustrious Order, never to be forgotten or laid aside that
thereby thou mayest be admonished to be courageous; sad
having undertaken a just war, in which thou shalt be en-
gaged, thou mayest stand firm, valiantly fight, and success-
full_y conquer."
The Duke then knelt upon his right knee, when his Ma-
jesty placed the ribbon upon his left shoulder. After
the Chancellor pronounced the following admonition :
" Waif this ribbon about thy neck, adorned with the
image of the Blessed Martyr and Soldier of Cuaiss, St.
George; by whose imitation, provoked, thou merit 10
°Tarpon both prosperous and adverse adventurers, that
having constantly vanqniebed thy enemies, both of body
and soul, thou mayest not only receive tbs praise of this
bossiest combat, but be 'roomed with the palm of etereel
victory."
The Duke this shook bands with all the &sights, sod
received their congratulatioee on his election.
