'.

FASTIIIO.9. APRIL 2S.

Wednesday three seamen belonging to thelfecov
British cutter, lately lost by running on shore off Ca-
lais in a fogy were landed here from one of our fish-
Mg boats, on board of which they had previously ben
put by a French boat in the morning, which left
Dieppe on Monday night. The Frenchmen who thus
kenerously undertook to assist them in their return
latme, having been driven by an adverse wind from
their course, mere yesterday seen standim in towards
s, with a Fresh breezes The appearance of the
Fretithated Zthe first we have had thi gratificsition to
hail since the late happy change of affairs,) and the
confident expectation that they.meditated a landing,
drew together a vast concourse of spectatots, all eager
to participate in the happiness to be detivrd from the
visit of our new friends the Moaners. To our titbr-
tification, hoaever,. the Frenchmen soon bent. their,
course for sea. Clive of our best :Ailing pleasure beats,
on board of whichtivere several, respectable inhatti--
tanu, determined upon•giving friendly chace to the.
Frenchmen, whcimthersoon brought tr._ PerceivingJ
the objeCtief our pursuit 'het -received our boat with'
loud huzzas, and were prevailed on to return. Upon
their coming ow dime, :shuts of joy and welcome
6110 the air: the .sounds of "Vivo Louis XVIII.',
and " Long live the Kura -and Pal to Rinita'r I"
were heard on all sides- LOS needless toadd, that
the Frenchenep met .with a warm and hospitable
ception : in fine, every individuieseemed-anitieus to
evince the most gracious attention towards these long
suffering people, who departed equally sensible of the
noble character of Britons, as conscious of the slavery
from which they have just been emancipated. a

. .
The schooner. Prince of Wales, of Newhaven, fitted
up as a packet, sailed on Sunday from that port, with
passengers, for France.= This is the first easel tat
has sailed from the coast of Sum/ as a packet& sham
the happy change of aff firs.
-
The same public and private demonstrations of
joy which marked the,entrance of the King of Fitistaz
into London, were exhibited through the whole of
the journey to Dover, and signalized his Manary's I
stay and embarkation at that place. What a mag- 1
nificene passage will, this constitute in our history I
What a rich display of generous feelings have our
countrymen displayed on this hospitable occasion I
Every countenance displayed the most animated in-
terest, every lip invoked a blessing, and many an eye
glistened with, a tear, wherever the 111ustriops Guest
appeared. - . -
A most exttaordinary event happened on Wednes-
day,.after the PRINCE REGENT had left he apartment
of the Kum of FRANCE, at Grillon's Hotel. Mr.
Momacia, a-Deputy from Calais, and possessed of an
immense fortune, begged to be pteseated to Monseig-
neur le Due D'Anaz, to lie introduced to his iddolt
CHRISTIAN MAJESTY. As he was expatiating on, his
devotion to the BOURBON Family, he drew from nis
breast a kind of medal which contained some of the
blood of the unfortunate Louis XVI. the hair of the
QUECN, Princess Douses.% and the Daum*. His
emotion was so great, that, on drawing it out, he was
seized with a terrible convulsive fit ; but fortunately
Dr. RE,GNauLT, a French physic an, was present, and
immediate assistance was given, otherwise this &mei:
ted Royalist might have fallen a sacrifice to the ve-
hemence of his feelings.
THANKSblVlNG.—Philosophers and politicians may
labour to explain recent events, from natural or from
social causes; hut Christians will pause before they
attribute such mighty, such unexpected events, to
any thing short of the special interposition of Peon-
DICACIL So great a calm from so great a storm 1—
ani so suddenly, too! Certainly, for some centuries 1
a more glorious opportunity has pot offered for ex-'
claiming, Deus %obis hem olio feels! This must be the
universal feeling of Christendom ; and it has occurred I
sous, as a project of true piety and sound policy, to
have a day arm-hued upon which Christian piety, in
all its denominations, might, throughout Europe,
offer to the " Given of all good" thankful devotions
for the general ernaucipation. If from this corner of
'Europe, our unassuming page should of itself, or by
ibeiug copied into prints of more fortunate circulation,
reach the presence and engage the attention of the
Rulers of Natiois, we would hope that the design
'would not he deemed altogether unworthy of notice.
llt is not wild--it is not even di,fficult sit would, pro-
bably, meet with universal approbation ; and a day
lapproaches, richly entitled to the honouiable distinc-
Won of the appointment, THit Fotniry dl JOWL—
;Waterford Mirror.
NlOuiEfts. —Tuesday sennight Thaw 'Buell; of
Basta*. 'in fitaffordsigre (a miner), after having
been drinking. the whole of the day, returned to his
" house about eight o'clock, in company with a person
named Nevett, his companion in the day's merri-
ment. and his wife, Mary Bryan, who had been with
them for a short time. They supped together; and
' the woman afterwards went out at the frontdoor,
leaving her husband and Nevett together. A few mi-
nutes after Nevett went out fcr a short time, when
Bryan immediately took up his hat, went out at the
back door, and at length round the house to the front
door, apparently agitated..with jealousy. His wife,.
very soon followed him into the house: Bryan said
to her, ,G Well, thee art come, ait ?." at which she
smiled, and replied, 41 Aye, lad,. lam come." He.
then said, 4, Aye, and I'll be with glee in a .minute;"
upon which he quitted his seat, and tilting from the
chimney-piece a large carving-knife, went towards his
wife, who met him, and a scuffle emitted. :Ness* in-
terfered, . 'Ad pulled him away, 'bu too late ; the
blood' flows 4 awn the floor. A. surgeon was sent
for, after i,close arrival she gasped two or three times•
and then expired. Bryan was untriedialely taken into.
custody ; and on Friday, an Inquest was held, when
.the gay returned a verdict of Vs ilfii Minder against
. the said .I'. Bryae,. who Ras in consequence cons
• !ratted to Stafford gaol,
-..e An Inclination Avis, on the Bth instant, taken at
the Vitish 'of Aiton:l6Viralls, Nortframpainiliire, on
vievibrtheltisdi cif Rachel• Morris- who *A& been hart
baron:ly murdered, on -the 6th linittant, with a sipide.
witieh 4fras.'leit sticking id her -skill: The-beft of
the d&,easedfitiented a spe4itle of the utOstliaiage
barbifitr, tobstOckft for disictiino; "Phelitry
irere'detiltied 414- iiiiiiitit'part tif" tlib ititylvi=ne
Ihe mitiffitellk ileditiPititteisei,3l.4fitifn`
a verdict of Wilful Murder againitailibibiiiir '
the husband of the deceased, who was committed to
the county gaol to take his trial.
