HOUSE OE COMMONS, bac. 9.

Mr.PLANTA moved for a new Wilt for St. Germaine, in the room
of Sir H. HartHoge, who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.—Ordered.
Sir J. OWEN presented six petitions from congregations in Pem-
broke, for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. KEMP presented a similar petition from Sussex.
Mt. PATTEN presented two similar petitions from Lancashire.
Mr. BUCK presented petitions from Bideford and Exeter, for the
repeal of the duty on coals.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from a Chelsea pensioner,
complaining of a deduction from his pension of 5 per cent; and from a
Freeman of Clonmel, complaining that his Freedom had 'been refused.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from 105 labourers of the
county of Limerick, stating that they had been turned out of the land
they had occupied for many years by the operation of the subletting
act last year, when 2,000 acres of land, on which they lived, was let to
four persons, with a clause to prevent his subletting even an acre to any
labourer; and they should have perished in theditches but for the huma-
nity of a middleman, who let them at a high rent small quantities of land
far their support. They prayed forrepeal of the subletting act, or that they
might be transported to some country where they might obtain the means
of subsistence by their labour. The honourable gent. presented two
similar petitions from labourers in the county of Mayo and the
county of Cork. The bon. gentleman presented a petition from live
Catholic clergymen of Navan, in the county of Meath, complaining that
all deserted children were brought up in the established religion.

Lord KILLEEN hoped Government would, on an early day, give
some explanation of the measures intended for the relief of Ireland.

lie. O'CONNELL presented a petition from St. Michael's for $ re-
form in Parliament. He trusted no attempt would be made to delude
the people on this important subject ; that not one rotten borough would
be left, and that the electors would be protected by the vote by ballot.
The Marquis of BLANDFORD trusted that no delay would take
place in granting the reform. The delay of a single day was dan-
gerous.
Mr. O'CONNELL then presented a petition from Ayrshire for re.
farm, and said that if ministers made no declaration on the subject be-
fore Christmas, he would give notice of a motion. Those who resisted
vote by ballot must intend, that some ministers influence should prevail
OUT votes.

Sir R.WILSON replied with indignation to this imputation : those
who resisted vote by ballot were as honest as the bon. member. He re-
sisted vote by ballot from the sincerest conviction ; he considered it un-
favourable to purity of election. His was the opinion of the most
core and honest man in North America. He should resist it and do his
duty in spite of the dictation of the hon. member.
Sir J. MACINTOSH took the oaths and his seat.

Mr. RUTHVEN said, he was sorry to see the Hoo. Member (sir
R. W.) who had so touch dilliculty to make up his mind on the Civil
List, make up his mind so decidedly against the vote by ballot. Ho
considered the only security to be a vote by ballot.
Mr. PRYCE considered that Pullamentary Reform had been too
leas delayed.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that the Gallant General had shown equal
wager and lack of argument. Hs would not interfere with his boast of

I patriotism, but leave him to be his own trumpeter. He then presented
petitions from the Association Meeting at the Rotunda, and from the
' Carpenters and Bookbinders of Dublin, for the repeal of the Union,
and eight similar petitions from parishes in Ireland, fur the extension
of the Galway franchise.
Mr. CALCRAFT presented the Report of the Cork Election Com-
mittee. It stated that D. Callaghan, Esq. the sitting Member had been
duly elected.
Sir W. INGLEBY presented a petition from Mr. Cobbett for the re-
peal of the assessed taxes, and a reduction of tithes.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON presented a petition from Kennyard,
for the repeal of the union. He would throw himself on the indulgence
of the house to complain of a system of injury inflicted on members of
that house, by means of secret letters, which in this case could be brought
home to a member of that house, by evidence at the bar. He con-
ceived it was perfectly in the power of every member of that
house to impeach the conduct of any other member, but not
by secret insinuations. He thought as a member of that
house, he should not be doing his duty if he did not bring the
subject before the House. It had lately been secretly imputed to him,
that he had acted under the influence of the Treasury on a late occa-
sion. That was a fact he totally denied, and he equally asserted that
the charge had been made by a member of that house. Deliberate false.
hood had already been imputed to the member out of that house, he
now called on him to come forward and prove the charge, or appear, as
he must, in the eyes of those to whom he had made It.
Mr. WARBURTON thought the hon. gentleman was quite out of
order.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON said, he had not used the terms allud.
ed to by the hon. member in the house, but he thought it would be
pusillanimous in him not to avow that he had used them out of the
house. He was ready, now that the Duke of Wellington was out of
power, to acknowledge that he felt the greatest gratitude to that illus-
trious man, who had given freedom to himself and his fellow Catholics
of Ireland and England, and saved his country from all the horrors of a
civil war. He lamented that the illustrious Duke, who had brought so
much glory to England, and so much peace to Ireland, should have made
the unfortunate declaration that had caused his withdrawal from his Ma-
jesty's councils. Had he not granted the boon of Emancipation, now
that France had acquired her freedom, and Belgium asserted
her independence, while Ireland was burning with discontent, and re-
ceiving subsidies from America—lnstead of now being greatly thankful
for the boon they had received, Ireland would be thundering at their
doors for her rights.—(Hear.) The Duke of Wellington had saved the
country from all these evils; and he could not pass by the right hon.
gentleman opposite (Sir R. Peel), who had nobly sacrificed all the
power he possessed as the church.aseendancy idol, to give all his support
to a measure that he deemed necessary for the welfare of his country.—
(Hear, hear.) He felt gratitude for all these benefits, and never con.
cealed it, nor ever would—and this was made the ground of calumny
against him. He would now mention the fact that gave some appearance
of plausibility to the accusation. On the night of the civil list ques-
tion, he (Mr. O'Gorman) sat between the hon. members for
Middlesex and Westminster, and was determined to vote against Mi-
nisters. At nine o'clock he asked Mr. Hume whether he might go to
dinner, and was told the debate would continue some hours; he went
out, and was absent but forty minutes, but when he came he was shut
out from the division.—There was one Member in the House (the Hon.
Member for Waterton]) to whom nothing he had said could apply, for
that Hon Gentleman had taken the trouble of fully acquainting him of
the imputation. He came into the House determined to support mea.
sures not men, and it was on this principle that he was glad to find him.
self supporting the men in power, who bad always been the advocates of
liberal principles. He was very grateful for the courtesy he had cape.
rienced.---(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Gentleman presented a petition
from a parish in Clare, praying that parishes in Ireland, that had no
Protestant inhabitants, should be exempt from the payment of tithes.
Mr. ELLICE moved for a new writ for the Borough of New.
port, in the room of Bir John Doherty, who had Laceepted the Chil-
tern Hundred.
