Intl Mil PIKE

IT OR the insurance of DuilJings, Furniture, Mer-
' shipi,Vessels, and all other Ptaperty, against less
'or PIRE.
tn- i'. r zoi for short Periods, or for si•veral Years together,
11.:y be t,.':ected at this Office, upon the Ino‘t eluitable Terms.
pohri.s will not he charged for Sums of a:300 or upward ,
.i.ir to 1'er,1414 increasing the it present liv.ordoo•rs.
'1 vi.ole STOCK of a FAlt NI will Is: Inosred without
o:41,1, at the reduced Premium of I's. pis C. ea.
It, ceilits fur the Renewal of Policii3 et; iring.at CHRIST-
Of !) sl', e.t, y 1., luiel at theprinetpid ill too StraaH ;se 3
Xi.forag:l9,.Loi (lois, JIM it their trrue, iet th.e Country, valsia
rill receive Proposals for new Insurances.
lly a late Act of Parliament, the Duty oo Fire Inman= has
hecu increased to Ss, per Cent. •
It.OIsERT :MELTON, Secretary.

THE NEW YEAR'S Si'ATE• LOTTERY,
Formed according to the original and longoappreved Plan d
NO r TWO BLANKS TO it PRIZE!.
With all the t. 41.000 Tickets in One Scheme!
And ex divided bun Two separate Lottereis, as of late years, Is
now, with respectful confidence, submitted to the y
The old established Firm off'
T_TAZ4RD, 13URNF„ and Go. the contractors
LI- with Government' who have also introducedTWo perfectly
new Grand Capital* of twenty five Tnousand Guineas each, to
be paid in Gobi, with Two of •6W‘,000, &c. &c. • '1 hus, pro-
ducing Capital Prizes which in magnitude, were unknown in
the old, yet approved Lotteries; more than twice die number
of Tickets.
SCHEME.
• • NO FIXED PRIZE!
if Pages of 15,000 Guineas in Geld 252,500
....,d. 290,000 , 40,000
2 5,000
I,OOJ
• 500 ...w. ..."... 2,500
. 10. ..... SOO
1$ 100 ..." ....... 1,500 ,
- SO .....
ES,OOO 24 ... "
v 24000
'l,ooo* IS 15,000
. 4,600 10 "•••••••."••• 46,000
6,671 Prizes, all in MOREY. atSOO,OOO
cdPIEROARY

. ,

_". "'.

•
•

- .
F.P.O RTURLV 1 I WIG G.IZ El «.
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
in, Ba sett Fowler, at Millwail, I.imehouse, shipwright and
carpet!. er, at ten, at Guildhall.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
'Ellumas Evan*, u 1 Liverpool, linen-draper.
BANKRUP
Benjamin Barthrop, of Blailtall, Sulfa. merchant, to sorre3,l•2l
, January 8,9, and Feb. 10, at eeveri, at. the Crow.. Ira, Wood-
bridge. Anomie', Mr. John Wootl, Woodbritlge Messrs.
W. and G. 1 aylor, Featherstone Bunt:log*, Holloora
Robert Harding and John Ha-ding, of '1 rowbndge. Wilts, clo-
thiers, c,yartners, dealers and cbviorn, January IS, I't, at
eleven, and Feb to, at two, at the George lot', Frowbritke.—
Anomie*, Messrs. Egan and Waterman, Essex : t. and,
Charle. Hotting, at Cadoron coin Neath, Glamorgawhire, gro-
cer, dealer aud chaionan, Jatruas y 19, lb, and Feb, in, at 11,
at the Bosh lase, liwaasea. Anionic*, Mr. John Barber, No. I I,
Gray's bru.square, Loodsn ; us Mr. Wm. Gwynn, Nearit.
Steph.to J aztwal, of Bridgewater, Somerset, grocer, thal,T at. 4
chairman, January Is, 19, and Feb. IV, at eleven, at the King's
Hea.t Hide!, idgewatet. Atturnier, _Mr. Bop, Bridge.vater.
nr Messrs. Blake, Cook's Cdurt, Carey-street, Lottd.)...
William Uavls, of Newbury, /Jerks, upbtosterer. Loma. y 2, in,
and Feb. to, at ceven, at Gird:la:al. Anomie+, Mr. Baker,
Nich.ll4••tzu_, Lombard-street, I.onaun ;et Alessi-a. %Vasty

and Bakm,'Newbure:
Vidstatos l'alleeper, vintner,
dealer and chapman, January 6, 13, a id Pets. lU, at eleven, at
the Charge 'layern, Newcastle. Attornies, Mr. John Wtllsuris
Gray's Inu-place, London; or Mr. a. Reed, Newcastle.
Aaron Mashy, of I mon, atallordslinv. ironmaster, dealer and
Chapman, January au, at tour, Januaay,3i , and Feb. 10, at it,
at the Uttletort's Arms, Petikrteige. blessn. iiuurne
and Sun, Dudley; or .Atunice and Ws igst, hnler
Temple, Lo.tdon
Robert Hall, /ate of Steventon, Hants, farmer, dealer and chap.
suao,lanuary 5, at four, January 6, at ten, and Feb 10, at %lace, '
at the Clown Jun, Basingstoke. Atturnies, Messrs. Warne and
• Lewis, Basingstoke:. or Messrs. rraudj a, listrtya, and looarke,
Crone-court, London.
John Trownian, of Cradley, Worcestershire, gun-barrel snaky,
dealer and anvil) in, January isiot live, January 20, a, e.teaii,
and Feb. 10, 0L eleven, actin George 1114, lieWcaey. 41Vorn.cd,*
Messrs. atilt, Strong, and Rackham, Lit:cut:q.* Inn, 1-onion;
' or Mi. Roberts, Siourbridge.
Daniel Ro.e, of Nurthfield, Worcestershire, dealer is cattle.
Jan. 17, is, and r eb. 10, at elevea, at t .e Wilke Lion Inn
stratford upon Avon. Attornies, ?atolls. riadgate and Neva,
Essea-irreet, Strand; cr Mr. Satins, BruttAgoqe.
Thomas Sparshint, of Elacktnan-street, southwark, groCer,
Seater and chapinan, January 2,13, and February tu,at ten, at
Guildhall. At:43,114n, 113es,rs. Bourditlou and Hewitt, Ldtle
Yriday-street,'Cheapside.
George Capon, of Edit:on:en, Mid Basel, coachmaster, dealer
antrchaamatt, January 6, 13, and Febl But twelve, at Gut abaji.
At.oniey, Mr. 0 frell, 0151 Cy• .1...0114, 0; or bd.% l'earsa
White, Cambridge.
Frederick Price and Henry Le Sour?, late of Winchester-nreer.
London, merchants and insurance brokers, January-2,1i, and
Feb. 10, a: ten, at Guildhall. Attorntea, Nle,srs. Huh and Far-
reit, 38, Thriadoeedle-street.
Hugh Malabar Clewky, of Charlotte Terrace, Elackfriars-
road, Surrey, linen-draper, dealer and cbapntan, January 6, 15;
at twelve, and Feb. 10, at one, at Guildhall. Attorney; Mr.
Pop, Modiford•court, Fenchurch-street.
William • Silver, of Portsea, Hants, grocer, dealer and chapman,
January 24 at three, Jan. 25, at eleven, and Feb 10, at One, at
thelLing's Arms, in Fortin Attornies, Mr. John Pownall,
Staple Inn, Louden, or Mr Edgcombe, Ponsea. •
WWbttta Pincoek,- William Vlscenn, and Samuel Maunder, of
Newbury,_ Berko, booksellers, Jan 5,6, and yeb. .10, at tent
at Guildhall, Landon. Atiornies, Messrs. Dawes and Chat-
geld,-Anger Cent t,• ThrognouttocPstreet, Loudon.
Jtobert Hailers,: of Lower-road,.. Islington, Middlesex, wine-
cooper, January 2,6, and Feb. 10, at. twelve, at GuildhaiL
Anomie', Messrs. Maybe* and Price, Sy most.l's Inn. ,
Thomas Griffiths, of Pennant, Cardigan, shopkeeper, January
6, 13, and Feb. Jo, at sieve_ !rt at the White Hart I, growi.
street,AttOngeS, Messrs. Bcl9LOl, or John
Pearson, Esq. Pump-court, Temple, London.
40,
DIVIDENDS.
Jan. 6, C. Eaglehole and J. Reclgravr, of Markdane, mac:huts.
Jan. 33, A. Pink,, of. Portsea chants. Jan. 22, J. Smith,
.of Alusondbury, Yorkshire, clothier. - Feb. 6, f. Aldthert, C. C.
Becher, and..lNHargreaves, of Coptball-build nzs, mercbaata.-..
Jan. 2u, .1. Beans, of Worcesttr,ntercha it. Jan. 16, J. Oneur.ll,
of Doncaster, grocrr. Jan. IS, J. Carlin, of KLngston-upon-;jell,
merchant. Jan.l9, W. Blckerdicke, of NewAead, Ryther, fli-
ghty., innkeeper. • Jan. 30. E. Best, jun. of Birinaiglrani, mete.
chip Jaa. 30, J. B. Goldfitey, of Seymour-courti Bucks, lace.
gmilhant. Jan. 29, ), F:Woodhateh, of Tbasteel, F.ssea, gain-
jet soaker. Jan. 9, M. Altalmons, of Delt,e-ssreet, Aldtuto,
owcibult. Jan. Vit, W. Urqubart,pf Lloyd's Coffee-house, mar-
elhoeg. Jan. 20, I'. Locker, of Oxford-street, haberda.sner
John Rawlins, of Red Lion-street, Clerkenweu,
*OlllO4ll. •
CERTIFICATES.-JA N ewer 20.
j. Taylor, of Gray's Inn-lane, merger. I. Ross, late of *di
ford-greet, Covent -garden, silversmith. I. Mark,' of _
near Fitzroy-sinares.Nach-maker. 1. Jameson and J. Willis. of
Little Qneen. street, Cheapsade, coach makers. Wt•Wesurrdale,
of Kingston-upon-Hull, grocer. 1. Howe, late of itigarestOne, .
Es ,ex„ merchant. J. Wood, Imo of CarliCe, woollen-many*. .
Hirer. Ster. Wont, of Fliztostmo, Waddler. .I',Veiatetts of &Lbs.
picture•dealer,
, •

. I .

.

»,- > , ...
~~~~•

, -

, a.

. ,

a

.
. 404.!

11

Bvies Waldo' the 11th
Tickets sad Shots are Selling by HAPSILD, Bum, mid
G. pm* ii•ken), cosairacipn, south Om* or win gerfal
Zuhlage, Si6oo whams in, the late mod fqyeede Leitrim
Prises have= Seid exceerlisi is amount TWO MILLIONS
STERLING. ,
N.D.TheCoutrastnn led *Fangs= acknoadadslogi
tlth susnerose sod eked* received
amoral

'APAR&

DECEMBI9It 1.
FROM AN OFFICER Oil 1116ASO
BRIO ENTERPRISZ:
_ ilaga abOut two days, and
then returned to Gibraltar ; here we were joined- by
all Commodore Decatur's squadron, excepting his
own ship.' Our fleet now consisted of. the Indepen-
dence, Macedonian, puked States, Constellation,
Congress, Ontario, Erie. Enterprise, Chippewa, Sa-
ranac, Boxer, Firefly, Flambeau, Torch, Spark, and
Lynx. It was a proud sight for an American to see
in a British port, just at the close of a war with her,
which the English thought would have been the de-
stroction of our navy at the commencement. At
Malaga, the Governor waited on Commodore Bain-
bridge on board his ship, an honour which he bad
revei deigned to pay any Admiral before.
" On our arrival at Gibraltar, the Commodore
- Freda salute of soventeen guns, which was returned
%vials fifiten; Commodore Bainbridge immediately
sent an Officer on shore to inform the Lieutenaat.
Governor that he had fired seventeen, and expected
his salute to be relented gun for gun, and he there-
foie demanded that two more guns should be imme-
diately fired. The Lieutenant-Governor eftetogired,
and fired the other two guns. Thus you see, my
dear --, that an American Commodore can now
demand respect from those who formerly would
scarcely have noticed him."
alt. KING OW TUB BRIG EPBRVIZR BY A BRITISH 74.
" Captain Smith, of the ship Eliza Barker, isto
rived at the. Savannah on the evening of the 16th
November from Turk's Island, which place he lett
on the Ist of the same month. He states, that a few
hours previous to his leaving the port, bis agent came
on board, and informed him that, by the arrival of
an English vessel, intelligence had been just received
of the sinking of the United States' brig of war
l'Epervier, under the fallowing circumstances s —The
brig had fallen in with an English 74, from which
she was boarded. The boarding Officer demanded
Lieutenant Shubrick's commission, which mandate
was answered by remarking, that the colours under
which he sailed Were the commission he bore, and
that he had been dispatched by Commodore Decatur
for the United States. The English Officer returned
to his Commander, and made his report, upon which
he was ordered to board again the American vessel,
which he did ; he repeated his former demand, and
received a similar replyo then returned to his own
ship, and Communicated with his Captaisa Mean-
while l'Epervier made sail, which the English Com-
mander perceiving, fired a gun at her. L'pervier
returned it, when the English 74 fired her broadside
upon the brig, which sunk her. Captain Smith did
not l..arri whether , any of the crew were saved, nor
Cie time or latitude in which the unfortnnaie rcti.
contra took place. Captain Smith avers that the ac-
count was generally believed at Turk's Island."
Upon the above statement, the Editor, who is of
the Fedeialist party, remarks, 4, Should it prove title
(which HEavEN: fGrbid !), that the blood of tour
countrymen has been shed by the hand of violence,
we trust that there will be but one heart and one Band
in supporting the just rights and the honour cf tau
country."
The private advices from respectabl: mercantile
houses in New York, comion their co;r:spondents
here against giving any credence to the above state-
ment, which they tepresenz as one a use mars, expe-
dients daily resorted to by the partisans of a French
connexion, to cherish a spirit of hostility in the people
towards this, country. Several letters had reached
New York from Turk's Island, of 1 der dates than
the departure of Captain Smith, and in none of them
was there the slightest allusion to the catas:roplie re-
ported on the authority of the Captain.
The letters from laaroit, given in the American
Journals, continue to abuse Colonel James, the!
Commander of the British post in the vicinity of
that fort. To their former complaints they add the
following :
" Early in the summer, a young man from De-
troit had been sent on the other side, for the purpose
of collecting some small debts, on account of Mr. O.
Williams, an American. He scarcely had landed
before he was arrested, by order of Colonel James,
on suspicion of his being employed to induce British
soldiers to desert. Notwithstanding there was no
proof of the fact, the youth was ahOsesl by the 01E-
cer in a shameful mintier, and then allowed to de-
part. Soon after this the Colonel had his garden
robbed of its choicest fruits, and this crime was im-
mediately laid to the charge of certain Americans,
and the British Commander thought it of sufficient
importance to make a formal complaint to the Ame-
rican Government on the subject, which was too wise
to take any notice of the representation."
colonel Jamos having refused to recall his Procla-
mation, offering a reward of 400 &sitars for the op-
piehension of David M,Conibe, accused of having
shot an Indian under British protection, the Ameri-
can Commander had declared, that in the event of
any act" of reprisal, he would put all his troops in
motion, cross the river, and on his own responsiuility
take ample revenge. The Americans insist, that the
murder not having been committed within the British
larildiction, the perpetrator is not amenable to out
lws. A misunderstanding has occurred between
the respective posts on the Niagara boundary, the
particulars of which may be collected from the fol-
lOwiag,doctiments: • Port Niagara, Nov. 7, lam
G cNI'LLMr. is—Through the medium of your Paper, t beg
leave to give an additional evidence of the magnanimity of our
neishbours the British officers, by laying before the Public my
letter :o tie officer commanding Fort George, as also the corre-
apo!,ilince between 'the Commanding Officer of the Upper Pru-
. vinee (Canada) sad myself, through Captain Gates, who super-
sedrd eon-a:l7.nd n. this posy. My object isdoing.this is
to slim the presumptivt arrogance of the linish Officers, and
their wood: tfu' ppen,ity to deviate front fact in all their of :ial
ehmuntinicaamit: by which means the illterato become their
dupe*; yet those are the men who compose the bulwark of our
• svitOm. On reference to the letter from his kxcelteney Major.
General Sir Pi ederick Robinson, you r Lis solicitatibn
fns. an ezvosk•on of the facts, or, In other words, his 'demand
amounts altilo•t to a threat—" irom the teoor of your letter,
It will become nice nary a srrious investlgitiot. should take plate."
The sangttage io which Waiver is cotach:d did 'not iodine me to
s:eviate from tact and truth, neither did it sintither a single senti-
ment wl.ich 1 felt divosed cc:Convey, for in it I traced his con-
sciousness of guilt,' which by the by they are ever ready to dit
meow, anildrge innocence on the pretext of right. '
Plovi far lie could have considered my letter of the IBth Sep.
satisfactt explabav than the dated thit
t the COTO;
611411,11 i
‘ll' Stk

Scpternber, cannot be clubbed; as there was nose bpi Der~ •
am at a less tp say what fifehis re-auks, but am 104BEEd to two
Heys he did net sloe es , opinion at variance with the taco set
forth by me. , . • •- • •
O
ers,l anis verO s
. Genttem your obedinet eeyesist,,
giaid)ristigeflai
ROSIIRT RUYTI
U.
S
Lleu ps
i. U. S. Artillery.
(may) Poet tillagira, August %BO il 5.
Sia—l have the honour to inform you, that the wanton and
unprecedented conduct of your guard at the Ferry Landing, hi
discharging their muskets in this direction must cease, or I shall,
in self defence be compelled to return the fire. .
This morning three muskets have been digharged the ball of
one passed very rear me, a second passed entirely over the fort t
this iv evidently design. I should regret th it a drunken guard
should be the cause of any unpleasant consequence.
This is the second time yen have been addressed on this sub-
, jeer, and I most earnestly hope that such unnulitary conduct will
never again be witnesst d. Neither subjects slur military have a
right to fire to this !bore.
Very respect fully, Sire your obedient servant,
(Signed) ROBERT R.'R orris,
Lieut. ArtiLery Commanding.
Officer commanding at Fort George.
(Copy.) Head-quarters, Kingston, Sept. 5,1815.
Six—Your letter of the 18th ultimo, addressed to the (neer
commanding the Aritielt forces at Fort George having beta inns •
mhted by that Officer to his Excellency Major-General Sir Fre-
derick Robinson, I am directed by him to request you will be
pleased to make, for kis turas nsation, a full statement of the irre-
gular conduct of the guard at the Ferry house, of which you com-
plain in your letter, from the tenor of which it will become ne-
cessary a serious investigation should take place, in order that the
harmony which ought t u subsist between the two shores of the
Niagara may not be disturbed by your being compelled to re-
turn a fire, which, ft is hoped, if it slituild be ascertained to have
been first giveu by the British troops, may be found to 'um,
been purely accidental.
I have the honour to be. S'r,
Your obedient bumble servant,
(Signed) EDWARD G. SPARROW,
__Major and Adjntantpdeneral.

Officer commanding at Fort Niagara.
Fort Niagara, Sept. 141515.
Captain William Gates,
Sett—!n answer to your inquiry relative to the purport of my
letter to theefficer commanding the British folios at Fort George,
and not attending as a witness when sent tor, I can only remark,
that when passing to the stable in the morning, I heard the dm-
charge of (I suppose) a musket, to which I paid 'no attention,
though the ball struck the picketting near me, being willing to
believe it...was an accident. While in the **able' a acts:" shot
passed over IS, the officers quarters and garrison. I then stepped
out, and inquired of the sentinel where the shot was from I He
answered, from the opposite shore. Nut lon after, a third was
fired, and passed in the same direction.
1 was perfectly satisfied they were musket.balls; and not think-
ing it probable that his Majesty's tubjects would be fowling sviiit
a single ball, deduced the mat rational inference, that it was a
drunken guard, as a sober one would certainly never be guilty of
such an utimUnary and wanton act.
My reasons for not accompanying the British Officer who came
ever, were, that' as commanding u!Pci r, I considered myself en-
titled io a written acknowledgment ot my letter, and did not
know by what authority tie conha require my attem:anee, neither
was 1 conscious that it behoved the to eualdish what he knew
and acknowledged. slCt/11,11y, I Was persuaded I coul I nut idea •
tify the person or persons ; fur on Ilia at Oral he mentioned the
firing was front a schooner that lay immediately between myself
anti the Briti,h guard at the troy lanelia4, hence my testimouy
could hat have amounted to any thing noire than my official Iv -
ter, viz. that ItC:11C rerstm on the Lanel.a.l shore ha ! be en guilty
of very improper conduct, which I feel do hesitatkil in saythg, I
b‘c:eve all the Pritieh officers at that post we're sat: fled ot, after
making some iieeitigation.
Had this b..en the first instance of the Ilk" cond:ict, my letter
might have been differently dictates, the C•ln!:;:uit.te.:; Onkel' of
the British troops at that post had, ben ad :mard on the same
subject once Weise.
With respect to my return!m; the fire, I explicitly stated that
a repetition of such an indipi:ty to the Fort woul t sh,!uce it,
wiiich assurance would evid,:inty have been careen, 0, and un-
der a firm conviction that he tole:ate:l such conihict Su coast-
+fence of his not ali•wei ivy le:ter i i sqlre way.
I i.ave the honour to be very respecrieiy, vino oheilieut
servant, CALned) Pcliewl P.. I. vrt
L•eut. l.uips, U. b. Af talent. I
(CVy.) If ,ad-quarteri., Kim:strai, Sept. ii, 181.5.
SlR—kilos !peter of the 11.1:1 instant. wills its inclo.ore fesartogl
Seca transmit,' i by Major Mcnt.;:miery, Assia:ant•Quarter-
Maiter-Gener.l to his Excellency Makir•Uenerai Sir Fredetick
IM:bit:son, Lase rec«ived his commands to acquaint you he la
I notch pleasute at earn:sling his eatistaetitai at the earl...nation
therein ordered.—i hate the honour to he, Sir, your ohedient
bumble servant, ('itrite.!) EuWAR . ic row,
Major feud Adjutant-General.
Officer commanding Fart Ali-Tara.
On the `l2d nit. the Cti:nmon Council of New York
rim to thke into coot;idetatirm a Report of a COM•
glitter, chargii.g Gol4:rnor Tonikina with having pro-
cured from the Corporati,,n 14,t year a loan of 4.00,000
dollars, on account of the General Gorerntrient, on
the security of Treasury notes, which, the Report
alledged, lie represented h;rnself to Kaye in his pox-
session, but which he Dot delivered over. Mr.
Riker, the Recorder, 'read a cortesoondence which
lie had had on the subj• ct with the Ministers Monro
and Dallas, from which it appeared, that Tortikins
had been authorised to negotiate the loan, but that
he was not at the timc in possess;cu of the Treasury
notes. They were to have be nit subsequently re-
mitted, but, in fact, from the fivancial
oo remittance had yet taken place. Mr. Riker, fuom
this statement, contended, that it was very impro.
bable that Governor Tomkins should hilve made the
fraudulent representation ascribed to him: The Re-
port was nevertheless agreed to by* the majority of
the Common Council.
PHILADELPHIA, NOV EMBr co. •
American Taxes, undet the present Government :
Land Tax, House Tax, Watch Tax, Carriage Tax, Wageoti
Tax, Harness TattLicense Tax, Auction 'l' a x still Tax, Loather
'Fa:, Boot Tax, Hat 'Fies, Cap Taxel..tilies.H; Tax, Sugar 'I ax,
Bar iron Tax, alit Iron lax, Brad Iron Tax, Pig Iron Tax, Cut
Nail Tax, Umbrella Tax, Furniture Tax. Stamp Tar, Double
Poet* Tax, Candle Tax, Playing Card fax. Saddle 'Fax' Bridle
'l'al Beer Tax, AO 'lax, Porter T.ix, Whiskey Tax Double
Duties, &e. Tobacco nuti Tax, Segar Tax, Loans, Trete:try
Note's, Standing Army, Stc. Ste
" A wise and frugal government should not take from the
mouth of labour the brea,l it ha, earned."—leffirson's Speech.
" These internal 'Fazes covering our land with officers, and
opening our doors to their intrusion, had already begun that prd-
cess of domiciliary vexation, which, once entered, is scarcely to
be restrained irons reaching successively every article of produce
and of property. It may be the pride and pleasure of an Ameri- •
can to ask ,what farmer, what mechanic, what labourer, ever sees
a tax gatherer of the United States.”—Mr. Jefferson's Speech
of 1805.

It is said, that Sir SIDNEY SMITH. as the Institutor
and President of the Association of Christian Knights,
voluntary enrolled for' the purpose of putting an end
to the atrocious and degrading outrages of the pira.
tical States of Barbary, has appointed General CAR•
ROL, his Lirtitenant and Managing Director for the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, with
full powers and instrtiOior. to forward the general
design by all practical means. It is'also asserted,,
that tepresentations have been sent from the' central
,office of this new Crusade to all the Ministers now iA
4,ondon from the Courts of the Chriitian Powers 01
the Mediterranean, and of all thole whose whose
flags are insulted, their properties plundered, and
their subjicti carried into slavery, urging them in
the strongest terms to press for the salctict sod sop-
port of the British Chinn to the Crusade.

vo,


..411tutotornmit, DzcineisLoa
of.n
-Tatlity our Cavitelt were taken_ pr2:,011 tel'his,
the name Obis Slajes4 the Wog of the r4.th
.
, to the
following
saiatmsailisfaeogittomwasof
uses!
Ntldtaemoninr,thehDeabtotetinberastsi.olnsth.:e
l
1 " To the wawa* de thozsomm'swin'ingcordo: arid* e"ronwe;
MUMS and WokotTri, the twontry ot
of Phllipreville and hinensbura. •
hinriocyhhaulynsougir litialikiveveptioierellionagehhstiliea'eridbasennthidt. twit:el:l:hie:4d; Trobh!
iwtagyr'heacier"veaiddenidlydedashethdettnrriernesseglibtair:alcoyninnenteildocluthtodetinaleivtbetwehe;ufr icie::entialif"wigsebh;lllllthre, I,llPcatiQvrowoerfnlso heicisouiltgtaeslel;
best
Ilifhitoallsyptrllijfee-snithhrancfaintwlirearyseti,tuniesitidymlsdhasso:ktp.
etryykeonashisPenyweesDAjoygcvserreisenso:lrttn9lluviesi:dpoifosayntil,
Able, the powerful protection which the Ktag gratusto you.
" ~ I. II 014ALINS,
0, The Governor of the Province of Namur:'l
BRUSSELS, DECEMBER 115. 1
• The Commandant of Valenciennes has reci.ived i
from his Government the necessary instructions to
deliver that fortress to the Allied troops; however,
there has arisen, as at Landau, a little difficulty to
know what cot ps of troops should take possession of
it. Orders on this subject have been asked from the
Duke of Wellington, and, ae soon as they are come,
this place will be occupied, as well as Conde and
Bouchain.
They write from Namur, that a corps of 10.000
Prussian troops are expected in the neighbourhood of
that city. to go for the present iato cantonments.
ifs Majesty had long since given positive orders
that the niition.ll troops Should be seat into barracks.
Count Thiennes, the Minister of State, haying re-
ported to his Majesty that several obstacles had hi-
therto hindered the execution of this measure; his
Majesty has decreed, that a Junta Which lie has up..
pointed for Brussels shall be immediately employed
in effecting this measure at BrussAs, and that similar
Juntas shall be named in all the towns of the southern
provinces, where the putting of troops into barracks
has been delayed. This measure is a ties proof of
the paternal care of his Majesty to alleviate the bor.
then: of the people as soun as they come to kik
knowledge.
Decestaen 26. —lt is asserted, that the fortress of
Charlemont will Ise occupied by the Russian troops,
and Valenciennes by the English. .
Dec EMBRIt 27.—The Cumberland Hussars arrived
here to-day. The Council of War of the 16th Mi-
litary Division, sitting at Line, will try in a few
days, General Bonaise. late Commandant of Conde,
accused of the murder of Colonel Gordon. Two
celebrated lawyers from Paris will come to Lille to
defend the accused. It seems that it is sought now
to throw the odium of this affair on some of the re,
volutipuists at Conde.
AV ESNP.S, DECEMBER IL
A Russian Colonel is just arrived here, to concert
with the fiend) Authorities about the placing of the
troops of his nation, who are to occupy our Arron-
-1
dissement. Count Woronzow will commai,d these
troops, and his head-quarters will be at Maubourg
the garrisons of Avesnes, Masibourg, and Lan
drecies, will be in barracks, &c. Quesnoy seems o
be reserved for the English. All the Communes or
our Arrondissement, and those of the Arrondiose,
roods of Douay and Cambray, situated beyond th
Scheldt, will also have Russian troops ; the first bri
ade will arrive at Avesnes on the 2'3d instant. The
Russian Officers are extremely polite, they seem
desire to make us forget our sufferings.
WARSAW, DECEMBER It.
• Four Russian Hussar regiments have arrived her.:
under Count Wasilezykow which have not been abit
to continue their march, the bridge having been car
ried away by the ice, the Vistula being now corn
pletrly frozen over; these troops will go over ti
river to-day ;on the 9th the cold was at 21 Reauniut
It is affirmed, that the installation of the-new I',
lish Government still take place this week, with a.
due solemnity. The General of Division Zazonzecf
President of the Government, has already a guar
of honour. The Russian senator, Landskoy, vo
very shortly depart for Russia. The Russian tioor
will soon leave Warsaw and Poland. Moldavia iti
Wallachia having belonged to Poland already .
1401, and the Turks not having possession of them
till 1621, the Kings of Poland always retained their
pretensions to these two provinces, as well as the
title of King of Dacia, which formerly distinguished
these Monarchs.
VIENNA, DECEMBER 14.
Her Majesty the Empress of Austria arrived
the 31 at Modena, iwith her brother, the Arclidu,
Maximilian. The Queen of Sardinia arrived there
on the sth, so that all the members of the illustrious
branch of Austria Este are now united at Modena,
except the Princess Dowager of Bavaria. Prince
Rasomowsky is expected here. and will, it is, star
posed, follow the Court to Lily. Count Stadion w;
set out for Venice in a few days time. The Cori
titian horses arrived at Venice on the Bth.
The Archduke Charles and his consort are
petted here on the 18th, to pass the winter. 'l'
must be very agreeable to 'the people of 'Visa
Scarcely a single princely house now gives any
tertainments, and such a stillness prevails that ma,
tradespeople suffer by it.• The Archduke Palatine
is likewise expected for a few days. ,
• The Archdukes Ramir, Antony, and Rudolr
intend to go as tar as Bprkendorf, to meet the Arch-
duke Charles ; and his Highnese Duke Albert,
Saxe Teschen, is having every ,preparation made
entertain, in a magnificent manner, his favourite am
future heir.
The plan for the reparation of the fortresses blown
up in 1809 by the French, as well as for the building
of a new palace, is completed, and is sent to his Mr
jetty for his approbation. The beginning of
great undertaking, I thousand di,
charged soldiers ‘ will be int
about the beginning The expense
tot- building a new - .building of ..
theatre, which ii, - estimated
three millions any.
which she Nobility
are said to have .3
be paid by his 1
Imperial family
building, that sit
remain standing,
no meaus remove

Aver, towai
ichy of Aus?,
' the rest

wilole of
the palace
which is
and

' ''.' ' ..:':* . ' *, 4AIBitICAN
. NEW YORE, DI
. =TRACT OP A I:ETTER PRI
THE UNITED STATES
4 44 We remained at M4l.

;111111111111111111111111w--
tember more satisfactory or explanatory that the one dx
leth August, I shall not hazard an opinion, hot leave tl
• monk" to Judge whether any thing lam an apology waste
ia
,or deviation from the original subject of-controversy.
; j.lori of Capin Gate kite, inclining mine of the
%
kaki: Akai

tg, in which several thousand
s will be employed, will be
fining of Match next. The exl
palace, with the re-building
is to be pulkd down, is estimat
Id it half of florins .in silver, toN
laity, of the 4rch Duchy of Ai
destined a million, and the res
Majesty him f. The wfiole o
y will inhabi while the pal'
isle of the p t palace which
namely, the ate chancery, a
re to pro • town.
.• .•
