SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1821.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, LONDON, June I, tB2l.
FOR SALE,
Dy Ore, of thd Hon. eke Commissioners of kis 3fseestis Customs,
On Tsteasnar, the 7th, and rawar, the Bth instant, at One
o'clock in the Afternoon, precisely, at the Commercial Sale-
Rooms, Mincing-lane,
THE FOLLOWING GOODS,
TOR HOWIR CORSI:MP/10N :

Sugar. Pimento, Ginger, Drugs, Indigo, Fustic, Cotton Wool,
Wine, Rum, Brandy, Glass, Salt, &c.

VOA LCPOZTATION
Prints, Pictures, &e.
CLZAR OF ALL MAILS.

Samples of the Goods in Lots 1 to 226, to be viewed at the
King's Cellars, Custom-House, and all the other Goods at
the West Int and London Docks, ou Monday, the 4th, Tues-
day, the sth, and Wednesday, the 6th instant, during the usual
hours of business. Catalogues may be had at the King's Ware-
house, Custom-Horse, price One Shilling each.
A Deposit of Twenty-five per Cent. to be paid at the time of
Sale, and the remainder at the Receiver of Fmes and Forfeitures
Office., Custom-House, by Three o'Clock in the Afternoon of
Saturday, the 23d instante.or the Deposit to become forfeited ;
and the Goods for Home Consumption to be taken away by Sa-
turday, the 30th instant, and those for Exportation shipped by
the 30th September neat, or the purchase-money to become
fbrfeited, and the Goods resold for the benefit of the Crown.

WOOD GREEN, CHESHUNT, HERTS.
CAPITAL LIVE AND DEAD FARMING STOCK.

TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,

By Mr. ROBINS,
(Of Warwick-street, Golden-sqyare),
On the Premises, Wood Green, Cheshunt, Herts, on MornoT

next, June 4, at Illeven,
THE Capital LIVE and DEAD FARMING
• STOCK, the property of JOHN PATH; Esq. Comprising
about One Hundred fine Southdown Sheep and Lambs, two
Rants, Cows and Calves, two excellent Saddle Mares, two ditto
Cart Horses and Harness, a strong broad-wheel Hay Cart, a
light tilted Market Cart, Grass Rollers, Farming Chaff-cutting
Machine, about Fifty Loads of prime last year's Meadow Hay,
Ten Loads of Wheat Straw trussed, Sticks of Timber, and va-
rious Implements, Dairy Utensils, and other effects.
May be viewed on Friday and Saturday preceding the Sale,
and Catalogues had of Mr. Thurgate, Bailiff, on the Premises;
we Green Man, Barnet; Mr. Jaikson, Auctioneer, Hertford;
Goat, Forty-hill, Enfield; and of Mr. Robins, Warwick-street,
Golden-square.

DELIGHTFUL COUNTRY RESIDENCE.

To be LET or SOLD, with immediate possession,
ACAPITAL FREEHOLD MANSION, in a
beautiful part of DENT, about three hours drive from
London ; with Pleasure-grounds, excellent willed-in and other
Gardens, good Stabling, Coach:houses, and detached Offices;
with either Eight or Thirty-six Acres of Pasture Land. The
whole forming a most desirable and complete Country Residence
fer a Family of the first respectability.
For further particulars apply to Messrs. Flexney and Hunt,
Solicitors, 21, Bedford-row, London.

NO FIXED PRIZES!!!
3,002 Prises, including
TWO PRIZES of £20,200

MOMS ALL 1Z nsawlg
itTIE THIS MONTH (JUNE).
EVERY CHANCE bought between 28th MAY
and 14th JUNEwill be decided 14th JUNE.
No Fired Prizes ! —No Classes!
Every Ticket drawn singly, each deciding its own fate, and no
other.
The Tickets are issued in Chances of Tickets, Halves, Quarters,
Eighths, and Sixteenths, which are now selling by
J. and J. SIVEW RIGHT, the Conti actors,
37, Coma/A; 11. HOLIVAIN; and 38, HATUMIKST ; and by
his Agents in the Country.
J. and J. SIVEW RIGHT sold, in the Drawing which took
place the 28th ult. Nn. 1,446, a Prize of £4,000, and several
minor Capitals. And several £21,000 and £20,000 Prizes in
the last Four Months.

This day was published,
In Quarto, with a separate volume of Maps and Hans, price
.C 4. 14$. 6d.
MEMOIR of the OPERATIONS of the BRI-
TISH ARMY in INDIA, during the MAIIRATTA
WAR, of 1817, 1818, and 1819.
By lAeutenant-Colonel VALENTINE BLACKER,
Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and
Quarter-Master-General of the Army of Fort St. George.
London : Printed for Black, Kingsbury,-Parhury, and Allen,
Leadenhall.street.

JAMES ON INFLAMMATION. -
This day was published, in Bro. price 10s. 6d. boards,
OBSERVATIONS on some of the GENERAL
PRINCIPLES, and on the PARTICULAR NATURE
and TREATMENT of the different Species of INFLAMMA-
TION; being, with additions, the subatance of an Essay to which
the Jacksonian Prize for the Year 1818 was adjudged by the
Royal College of Surgeons.
By J. H. JAMES,
Surgeon to the Devon and Exeter Hospital, and Consulting
Surgeon to the Exeter Dispensary.
Printed for I'. and G. Underwood, 32, Fleet-street.

lIIIIRGESS' NEW SAUCE for general purposes
having given such great approbation, and the demand for
it continuing to encrease, JOHN BURGESS and SON beg
most respectfully to offer this their best acknowledgments se
tbe Public for their Merit patronage of the same : its utility
and great convenience in all climates, has recommended it to
the most distinguished foreign connexions, who have all spoken
highly in ,its recommendation.—lt is prepared by them ONLY;
and for preventing disappointment to Families, all possible can
has been resorted to by each bottle being sealed upon the cork
with their firm and address, as well as each label having their
signature, without which it cannot be genuine.
JOHN BURGESS and SON's long established and much
esteemed ESSENCE of ANCHOVIES, continues to be pro.
pared by them after the same manner that has given the greatest
satisfaction for many years.
Wareheuse,lo7, STRAND, corner of the Savoy-steps, London.
(SHE oft:stoat: news,' yes WAREHOUSE). ,

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 1.
Counsel were heard in the appeal Cause of the Margris of
Cholrnondeley v. Lord Clinton ; and the further hearing was
'postponed.
A Gentleman from the Admiralty presented an Account of
the number of Line-of-battle Ships and Frigates in Commis-
sion ; those that were building and fit for service; together with
an Account-of the Expenses incurred by the erection of Ducks
and Basins at Sheerness.
The Earl of LIMERICK said that a Noble Earl (Lauder-
dale), who had given notice of his intention to move the second
reading of the Sale of Bread Bill that day, desired hint to in-
form the House that he was unable to attend that day ; lint that
be should move the second reading on Tuesday next. The No-
ble Earl also gave notice, that he himself should, on Tuesday
next, move the second reading of the Irish Rates of Interest
Bill.—Both these Bills were then postponed to Tuesd ty.
The Irish Inland Navigation Unhand several other Bills, were
brought up front the Commons.
Several Papers relative to the Slave Trade were, pursuant to
order, laid upon the table.
The Earl of DAR N LE Y presented a Petition from two In-
dividuals in the County of Armagh, against the Irish Coroners'
lassos Bill. . .

s Mr. Enwaans, from the Commissioners of the Caledoni.vi
Canal, presented their Eighteenth Report.
The Earl of LIMERICK observed, that the Noble Secretary
of State (Lord Sidmouth), who had given notice of his intention
to move the second reading of the three Bills for regulating the
Courts of Law in Ireland, was unavoidably absent that day;
and that, as it would be more convenient fur several Lords to
attend in the House on Monday neat, it was desirable that the
second reading should be postponed to that day, he should move
that the Order be discharged, and that the Bills be read a second
time on Monday.—The Order was accordingly discharged, and
the 111113 were ordered to be read a second time on Monday, to
which day the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. DUNDAS presented a Petition from the Guild of Mer-
chants in Edinburgh, against the Extra Post Act.—Laid on
the table.

The Irish Inland Navigation BM was read a third time and
passed.
Lord A. HAMILTON presented a Petition front the Royal
Burgesses of Edinburgh, complaining of the abuses that existed
in the management of that Burgh, as well as'in the other Royal
Burghs of Scotland.—Ordered to be printed.
The Irish Public Coal Yard Bill went through a Committee,
and the Report was ordered to be received on 31unday.
Mr. F. BUXTON gave notice that, on the 14th of June, he
would move for Copies of the Correspondence which had taken
place between the East India Directors and the local Authorities
in India, respecting the Burning the. Widows of Indians.

SLAVE REMOVAL BILL.
Mr. J. P. GRANT moved the second reading of
the Maxwell's Slave Removal Bill. He assured the
House that no person was more anxious to promote
the emancipation of Negro slaves than himself; and
if he thought that this Bill would prove, in any
respect, prejudicial to their happiness and welfare,
no motives of personal friendship would have in-
duced him to take upon himself the charge of this
Bill. The grounds of this Bill were peculiar, and
free from all danger-of precedent.. The facts of the
case were, that neither Mr. Maxwell nor his father
had ever purchased a slave. Yet, by . their kindness
towards this class of persons, their numbers had
greatly increased, and the produce of the estate having
diminished, Mr. Maxwell had been under the neces-
sity of applying to Parliament for an Act, suspend-
ing the law. which operated to prevent his removing
the superabundant slaves to another Island. lie
pledged himself to prove these facts in the Com-
mittee, or to abandon the Bill altogether.
Mr. GOULBURN admitted that the lat.! which
was passed some years ago held out a promise that
facilities would be given to those who wished to re-
move from any of the other colonies to Demerara.
He admitted, also,- that the case of the Honourable
Gentleman which was now before the House was par-
ticularly hard; but still he felt himself bound to op-
pose this Bill, because it would afford the most dan-
gerous precedent. He knew that many other appli-
cations waited the result of this Bill; and, if it passed,
those applications, he had no doubt, would be made,
and followed by others, which might be productive
of the greatest evils—(Hear, hear).—lt was well
known that a slave, who was valued, in Antigua, for
instance, at no more than £5O, was considered in
Demerara worth £lOO or Ll2O. This difference in
value would be likely to lead to many removals, if
once the principle were established by the Legisla-
ture—(Hear,hear).—lle concluded with moving that
this Bill be read a second time this day three months.
Mr. CALCRAFT supported the second reading of
the Bill, in order that it might go before a Commit-
tee. If the merits of the case were found, before that
tribunal, not to be sufficient to justify the application,
he would be one of the first to oppose it. It should
be recollected, that if the proposal of Mr. Maxwell
could not be effected, it still would remain in his
power to sell the slaves in question, to separate them
from each other, and to leave them no longer what
they now were, one and the same family—(Hm.).
Dr. PHILLINIORE was hostile to the Bill.

*

Mr. WILBERFORCE -also was against the Bill;
and expressed his regret that he had not given it a
more determined opposition in the first instance. To
remove these poor people from Antigua to Demerara
would be the extreme of cruelty, as would be ack now:
ledged by any Gentleman, who would consider for a
moment that in Antigua they lived happily, and en-
joyed comforts, and the anticipation of emancipa-
tion by means of their own honest industry; whereas
in Demerara all hopes of freedom would be taken
away from them, and they would be reduced to ab-
solute and lasting slavery.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY entered into
an explanation of his reasons for opposing this Bills
He could not consent to it, in the first place, upon
principle, because it was a violation of an existing
law, framed upon sound policy—and because; if
widened into a general principle, it would prove of
the utmost ill consevence. He would be satisfied to
let his opinions abide the test of making a general
principle, such as was now attempted to be partially
established, and if the application, under suck cir-
cumstances, could not be supported, he considered
the objzctioris against it as equally fatal to the ind:-
vidttar case. But it was not only tq.on general
grounds that he should oppose the Bill ; he regarded
r..e.frs-tore a. highly objectionable on atcount of its

___,
- _

:...1
- As
. • •
*- • 1
a P • ' • I
• " ee;lle/

•

,
,-
.

.1
% -

.

K SEk EN -11K•WE.•

. . .
. • .
Merits. 'Hefelt.that the House Aught to pause loug
before they sanctioned the transferpf a large body of
slate 's' from the place where they bad so long lived,
land-to which they had.been hound, by so many ties,
to a situation which not only was deficient iu all these
soprces of comfort, but wis objectirinahle iv account
of its climate, and the comparatively inhaiorstate of
the laws. He would confidently ask, was the Ho
nourable and Learned Gentleman willing to argue
this question upon general principles? and, if so, let
him bring it before Parliament upon such grounds:
They could not trifle with a principle so emphati-
cally recognised by ,the laws. There was no ade-
quate reason for creating an exception to those laws,
and is must be a strong case indeed that could war-
rant the House in sanctioning a Frecedent so much
calculated to prove inconvenient in future times. '

Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH was sorry to differ
with his Honourable Friends who opposed this I 3 11;
but he considered the opposition as founded on a
principle which did not exist. Any one, to hear the
arguments against this Bill, would suppose Mr. Max-
well did not possess the power of removing his Ne-
groes from Antigua. But such was not the case; and
the only question was, whether Mr. Maxwell should
be permitted to remove these slaves in a body to ano-
ther estate, or be obliged to sell them, perhaps, in
separate lots to the highest bidder ? Here were two
questions urged on this measure; namely, thehappi-
ness of the Negroes, and the danger-of i,recedent.
Now, as to the happiness of the Negroes, he con-
tended that to pass tht Bill would, for the reasons he
had stated, best.plomOte that object. As to the dan-
ger of precedent, that clanger might be done away in
the Committee, for he (Sirdames Mackintosh) would
undertake that Mr. Maxwell would, in the Com-
mittee, consent to a new preamble to the Bill, stating
all the circumstances of this case; that he would pur-
chase an estate in which to plant and keep these
slaves ; and further, that previous to the slaves being
placed on the estate thus purchased, it should un-
dergo an official survey, and be reported healthful :
and, further, he would undertake that Mr. Maxwell
should engage not to remove any of these slaves from
such estate for a period of five or even ten years; and,
further, that Mr. Maxwell was willing to build a
Church, and endow it, and procure a Minister of the
Established Church to officiate therein, and to super-
intend the religious instruction of the negroes. Such
a measure. could never be dreaded as a precedent.
Sir ROBEILT WILSON shortly opposed the Bill.
It had been urged, as a reason for the measure, that
if Mr. Maxwell should not be permitted to transport
these slaves to Demerara, they would be of no use ;
and they would, of course. diminish in value in An-
tigua. He Would ask, was it not an object with the
friends of the abolition that the slaws should dimi-
nish in value? and ought not the circumstance to be
hailed with pleasure by all who looked with delight
upon the decline•of the traffic ?

Mr. BARING had no hesitation in expressing his
opinion of the soundness of the principle contained
in this Bill, as a general principle. The gallant
General thought that' e ought to rejoice at tha di.
minutioa of the value of a slave in Antigua, Now
the circumstance, if examined, would be found c
culated to entail a series of miseries upon the slaves,
because, when once lowered in value, their masters
would become indifferent to them, and the conse-
quence would be, that they would become the objects,
and perhaps' the victims, of all manner of ill-treat-
ment. He looked upon this question with reference
to the principle of an overstock of population. I
the present case there appeared to he a superabun-
dance of slaves in Antigua, and this Gentleman
looked round and fixed upon a place of compa:a-
thin population, where the surplus might be
transported. Would any one say that this was a
harsh step to the individuals themselves, or danger-
ous as a precedent ? Ile, for one, rejoiced that an
opportunity was opened for giving vent to an over-
stock, and that the time was cone when a popu.
lation. of slaves was not to he thinned by the effects
of misery. Ile was persuaded of.the soundness of the
general principle, but shoild erprct it to be satisfac-
torily made out that Antigua laboured under the in-
convenience of an overstocked per ul:ttion.
Mr. PEEL said, that he had been a stranger to 1.1:e
circumstances of this case,.and had entirely drawn
his judgment from what he had heard in the coure
of the discussion, and if he ever heard a case which
more loudly than an,aliercalled for the immediate—
he had almost said, the indignant rejection of t'•.e..
House, it was this. The very argument of the Hon.
Member for Taunton was fatal to this measure; he-
cause, if it was sound as a general principle, vehy
limit.it to a solitary instance? If, as a general pin-.
ciple, its soundness challenged the approbation of
the House, let the House have the advantage of-con- •
sidering it in a general light, as the parties in this .
case could not sufferby a short postponement. It
was objectionable on its own merits—it was ohjeci•
tionable as a precedent. An Hen. and Learned Gen-
tleman asked the House to assent to this 811, for the
sake of the slaves thenw!ives, and upon the ground
that their happiness weld be best consulted by re-
taining them. in their habits of allegiance to a parti-
cular object—emphatically called the adscripl io glelec.
The,principle he admitted to be just and humane;
arscliaow would the Hon. Gentleman enforce.it? By
sending this body of slave, from the buil %silk!' had
been endeared to them by early association. But
was there no Wall* of employing them in Antigua?
If they were dispersed, would it not be more accept-
able to them to be scattered in the neighbourhood of
Antigua, where, it was true, they uoutel live sepa•
rate wider different masters, but where also they
.Would lte cheered by the sight of their native- Land?
.Upon the whole: then, considernig it as a h‘d pry-
=dent, and one that was calculated t.) invite suc-
cession of similo conside!ii!: the
ridiculous pretest; set up for this Bill, he malst ;ei
that he never lie.trd a :we which appease, him to
call more for .he immediste rejection of u.e i was,.
• Mr. BARHA.>r ro;c amidst c::es of " Question r

r

and said he wisid from the countersue:-
444.
tions mask on one side and the other of the House,
the stkongestNreistn why this Bill should he sent up''
to a-COnimittee. He efitensd into a statement to jus-
tify the passing of this Bill ; and added, that among
the other conditions to vihich Mr. Maxwell would
con•eitt to be bound for this privilege, was this—that
any slave in his possession might have the power of
claiming his manumission, who paid in money his
own value.

Sir I. COFFIN was persuaded, that if the slaves
were as well acquainted as he was with Demerara,
they Would sooner cut their throats than be removed
to that Island.—The House then divided—

For the Bill
Apitut it .
Siaj!why

47
95
-31

MTV/Xi AND MEANS.
On the return of strangers to the gallery, the
CHANCELLOR Qf the EXCHEQUER was moving the
Order of the Day for the House resolving itself into
a Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HUME complained, that the papers respect-
ing the Fibance of the country were only given to a
few favoured individuals. He knew it was a favour
to receive them at all, bat be thought the Public
ought to have them.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
the papers had been printed late that morning, and
he was sorry they had oot been distributed.

Tait lIIROLT.

The House then went into a Committee of Supply,
The CHA NC ELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,
that the Estimates having been for some time on the
table, the time was come for him to make the annual
statement of the expenses of the country, and the
Waypand Means to meet them. He should have
wished to have stated them more largely, but a re-
cent calamity would prevent him. He then entered
into the following financial statement, which, he con-
tended, would produce a reduction of £1,600,000:
1820. 311rPLY. 1821.
9,443,243 Army • . - - . 8,750,080
8,586,695 Navy - - . - 6;176,700
1,199,650 Ordnance • - - 1,195,100
5,444,100 Miscellaneous - - - 1,900,000

19,673,688
1,000,000 Interest on Exchequer /Ms
410,000 Sinking Fund on -

18,021,900
1,000,000
• 290,000
