----~.

OP POLISH LEGIONS UNDER BONA.
PARTE.
After the fatal
_beide of Mactjemica, followed by the dismemberment
of Poland in 1764, the greater part of her warriors quitted their native
land, and under the standard of the French Republic still combatted,
though on a foreign roil, in the cause of independence. The blood that
could no longer be. sited in defence of unhappy Poland, was nobly de-
voted to the glory of:Frarce ; the heroes that had witnessed the last
faint ray of Liberty, as it set on the land hallowed by the grave of So-
tieski, hailed its apparent dawn upon anothernation. But the natural
Itonsequence of popular anarchy ensued. The hydra of despotism esta-
blished itself amongst a people who, intoxicated with their mis-1
rased freedom, bartered rational independence for riotous excess ands
oltimate slavery ; thus madly overthrowing the idol which them.
selves had reared. Amongst the Polish leaders, who, on the
partition of their country, sought • brighter destiny in a distant and
more favoured land, was Dombrowski, the friend and companion
it
arms of Kosciusko. Deeming his unaided efforts insufficient to sour
the hero of Poland, who languished in the solitude of a prison, Dem-
browski conceived the project of organising a corps of warriors, mime
banner might serve as a rallying point for their dispersed fellow-citt-
tens ;—whose deeds of arms might exhibit to Europe the spectacle of
Poland's defenders Mill unconquered, still glorious in the ranks of
Frames ;—and whose efforts might one day even regenerate their
country, renewed, like the pheenix from her own ashes. Such was the
origin of the celebrated Polish legions.
On his arrival in Paris, Dombrowski submitted his plan for the con-
sideration of the French Directory. The important notes which he put to-
gether in elucidation of his grand design, form part of his memoirs, and
prove at once the ardour of his seal,and the sincerity of his patriotism. The
freedom of Poland was his object : his means consisted in the establish-
ment of a common centre, that might serve ass point of union to his coon.
try men. The regulations of the French Republic prohibiting the enrol-
ment of foreign troops as part of the national force, Jan. 9, 1797, Dims-
parte at that time General, incorporated the Poles in the legions of the
republic of Lombardy. From that moment, Dombrowski and his soldiers
were attached to the fortune of France. They assisted in the pacification of
Reggio ; signalised themselves in the campaign of Rome; rendered them-
selves masters of the kingdom of Naples ; shared the fatigues and dangers
of a new war in Lombardy; and after having a second time contributed to
the conquest of Italy, sheathed their swords at the peace of Luneellieel
Severe had been their struggles; prodigally had their blood been loeldmil,
to afford Europe an example of valour seviceable only to foreign maids
—of a victorious army without a nation; fame their meagre NNW.
penile, and scars their indisputable right.
At the termination of hostilities, the Polish legion formed an army of
15,000 men. The greater portion of this force, after the peace, em-
barked for St. Domingo; the remainder volunteered to serve in the
Neapolitan troops, or were distributed amongst the battalions of France
whose soldiers to the last found in these devoted warriors the faithful
companions of their toils. and the generous rivals of their fame.
Dombrowski made his reappearance in Poland in the war of 1806.
The effect produced by his presence was almost magical. In the name
of Napoleon, he spoke of liberty and independence, and in less than
two months, 30,000 men were levied and suitably equipped. After the
peace of Tilsit, and the formation of the grand duchy of Warsaw, he
was joined with Zaioncsek in command of the Polish army, under the
orders of the 11l fated Prince Joseph Poniatowski. In the unfortunate
campaign of 1812 he defended to the last the bridges thrown across the
Bernina, and on that occasion was severely wounded. In 1813 the
division which he commanded performed prodigies of valour at Ldp.
sick, and was justly considered one of the finest and most effective In
the whole army.
After a series of exploits, glorious to the warrior's fame, but unpro-
fitable to his country, the veteran defender of Polish independence
employed his remaining moments in arranging his memoirs. The
Emperor Alexander, whose brave and kingly spirit was capable of
appreciating the courage of an enemy, conferred on him the rank e(
General of Cavalry, named him Senator of the Palatine States, sod
decorated him with the Order of the White Eagle. Dombrowski
terminated his mortal career at Winagora, in 1818, a year after the
death of Kosciusko. His last will contained directions that be should
be buried in the uniform which he wore at the head of his legions
is Italy ; that the two swords of honour conferred:on him in the field of
battle should be deposited by his side, along with three balls that balk
in different actions, been extracted from his body. The republic et
Cracow, whose capital is already enriched with the tombs of Polidl
kings and heroes, would fain have interred the remains of Dombrowski
beside those of Sobieski, of Ponistowski, and of Thadeus Kosciusako.
The proposition, however, being overruled, the last wishes of the dying
warrior were religiously observed.
