on the 30th of
_October; and the enemy have made
no attempt to pass the Douro. The bridge of Tor-
desillas is repaired, and they are employed in the re-
pair
of that of Toro. Their troops are extending
along the Douro, from the latter place to Valladolid.
-In the mean time, the troops under Lieutenant-
General Sir Rowland Hill will arrive this day and
to-morrow on the Adaja. The General received my
orders to break up from his position on the Jacama
on the 29th, and he intended to carry them into exe-
cution on the morning of the SOth.' He had intended
to destroy the Puente Laga, 'bat the mine failed;—
and the enemy having collected a large body of
troops between the bridge and Aranjuez, they im- i
mediately attacked our post on the bridge, but were
repulsed with considerable loss by the 2d battalion
47th regiment, and a detachment of the 95th, under
the command of Colonel Skerret. I have not re-
ceived the return of our loss upon this occasion, but
I understand it is about forty men. No officer was
touched. lieutenant-General Sir Rowland Hill
mentions in high teens the conduct of the troops.— 1
These circumstances delayed the march frum the
right of- Lieutenant-General Sir Rowland Hill's po-
sition
till the evening of the 30th, and he has since
• continued it without being at all molested .by the
enemy.
The building called la China, in the Retiro, and
all the gims, stores, &c. which that work contained,
which had not been carried away, were destroyed be-
fore the troops were withdrawn from Madrid.
The Spanish divisions of Don Carlos d'Espana and
Comte de. Penne Villemur are with Lieutenant-Ge-
neral Sir Rowland Hill.
A small body of the enemy's troops were at Valde
Moro on the 31st, and entered Madrid at ten o'clock
on the morning of the Ist instant.
I have accounts from the North stating that Longa
has taken a convoy escorted by SOO men, near Vic.
, toria.

the laurels of Salamanca, and blighted the harvest
Nehich*theSranis'i people were about to reap. If
betty and independence have eluded their grasp, as
the consequence of their own morbid sensibility, let
them be -drifted down the stream of despotism. with.
outifarther struggle by*the sons afro:dor* in their.
favour—if they are traitors to their country and secrer,
lieges of the Usurper, let them drink of the poisone4
chalice, which they now hold to their lips—let the inn
heritance of their fathers be taken from them, and let
1 them be sent to eat the bread of slavery and sorrow
in a foreign land I These are the blessings whicb
Josakst is directed by his fiendlike brother to confer
On the Peninsula.

.....—.
We have no additional arrival from Russia to-day,
but the Allowing letter from Rigs, which came by
the last Gottenburgh Mail, is calcnlated to keep
alive the most sanguine expectations as to the issue of
the contest in which Russia is engaged :
.. RIO*, OCTORSI Iff.
" WITTGINSTEIN entered Polotek oo the Bth of
October. General Sr. Cra is retreating towards
Wilna, and has lost in the last affair nearly 10,080 i
men, and four cannon. The prisoners amount lei
‘i
about 2000, including 80 officers. STSIII/1/11. hen
formed a junction with Wirrointsrete. '••?-
41 Witepsk has been evacuated by the Frenchoo.i -
Wirrovisrem's Aide-de-Camp, who left him on the
10th, assures me, that the combined corpe, vie.
Wirretawsritnes and Srstuusies, amount to 60,000
men ; and the General desired- him to inform out
public, that he had not the leasi doubt of freeing'us,
very shortly from MACDONALD. +General- Lime
keeps quiet : the pickets extend to Echo on theßausiti
road, and to, Oley on that leading to Mittau."
....—...—..
Late accounts from MessinVand *Palermo repro
,*
sent the -affairs of Sicily is in a very Amended condi.
tion. Letters of the 22d ult. from the former place
i state, that the Hereditary Prince is so unwell, that
We have this day to discharge the melancholy' hopes of his recovery were doubtful ; and that dui
office of presenting to our Readers, the official de- ' physicians had expressed an opinion that he has been -
tails of the reverses in the Peninsula, at which we ' poisoned. If so, the author of his illness is one-near
'have recently hinted. The Marquis of WELLING. his own person.
7os is once more compelled to act on the defensive ; I At length the whole Sicilian army has been give
and that on the very ground which has been so long :up to Lord W. BLNTINCK. The QUEEN withheld foe
the theatre of hit glory, and on which he has so some time, her cosisent—his Lordship withheld the -
often planted the standard of victory. His aban. : subsidy—and an apprehension that the troops 'Would.
donment of the siege of Burgos was not, it seems, ! mutiny for want di pay, turned the 'scale, and Pros
so much the consequence of the re-appearance of the : cured the acquiescence of her Majesi I ._ . ~
united forces of SOULT and Svelter in the Smith; as I --- ' -
Just as this Paper was going to press, French Po
of the formidable attitude, ',which the broken army
of Portugal had recently assumed in the North. In-
, pas, to the 14th instant, were received. Our Readers'
stead, theiefOre, Of retiring to Madrid, in order to I drill "'Jake t 9 hear that they contain no intelligence-
give battle to the enemy
.in the South, as was
ex.lwhatever from the French armies in Russia—a pro.-
pirious omen! for, bad Rey thing reached the French:
petted, the gallant Marquis hiss been wider the dire
necessity of directing the evacuation of the capital of capital, which, even by dexterous management,
Spain, and of 'ealling to his aid the army. of Sir could have been made to wear a complexion favour.:'
•
ROWLAND HILL, which has accordingly fallen back '•ahle to thq vievre.ef the Invader, it annul I not have,
upon the Adaja, and is by this time posted in the
~bean withheld (rem e the good people of Paris."—..
vicinity' of. Valladolid, 100 the affairs of the Peninsula these kennel; are
equally silent—a circumstance which, at the present
Ttat his Lordship has taken these precautions with
crisis, gives us much satisfaction. - In short, theme
a view of once more risquing a general engagement .
present no intelligence of importance. .. •
cannot be doubted ; but, while we lament the sir- I Journals
.cumstances which have rendered these movements 1
necessary, ire are full of proud and confident antici-
"ation os to their results. The ground which his .
swordi with the enemy, is of all others the most ad. •
Pin
vantageous. Almost every individual in his armylrsi
The ramifications of the late conspiracy, of whigiti
.Paris was the centre, discoverithemselves in varioler,
direction. They have been manifeet in some move, t/
ments in Italy and the south ; and by letters received
Lordship' has selected for once more measuring
iesterday, through Sweden, from Itauslaurgh, it aim '.
that they embraced eit equal •distbnce toward*
the' north. These letters suite, that a revolution balk —.
is by- this time intimately acquainted with its locali.
i been attempted at Fulda, in Hessetissel, on di f'.•
Airs—the whole of Portugal is open in his rear, for
same plan as at Paris, and..belleved to be under th•,=. '
the purpose of obtaining supplies—and, in his present ,
position, he most effectually covers Salamanca, same direction. In both instances, the report of this
which contains within its walls what must ever be death of NAPOLI:OS ins the first -step.
•
dear to our beloved country—we mean the sick and In Hesse' as at Paris, the plot failed, and theaaer 0 •
wounded of our invincible army, of whom (and we 'Orators were taken—but of their fate nothing is ytql I
known, and possibly may not be permitted to appett:
add with deep regret) there are not less than 7,000
in the German journals. Had the shameful Sighs
in the hospitals I -
However sanguine we may be as to the result of of B°NAPAari from Moscow transpired before
aft",
seura airs
explosions were attempted, the result miguti
'his Lordship's operations, confiding, as we do, in his
been very diffaent t nor is it possible to calculate the?.
-pre-eminent military skill and in the invincible spirit
events that may yes flow from the disasters which thli
which animates our soldiery, we shudder at the pro..
specs sow before us in the Peninsula. The effusions Tyrant has met with in Russia.
, :• .
of loyalty to FIRDINANIft and of-attachment to his PORTSMOUTH. NOVEMBER IT. -
oallies,* have scarce ceased to vibratejm the lips of Artiverlthe brig Vigilant, FowLsti master, (relit :
the unfortunate inhabitants of Madrid, when they Sinynist,"‘ter being captured by the Jeremy French' ,
litre doomed to witness the entrance of the Usur- privateer, belonging to Dieppe, on Saturday last4sli
Beachi head, and recaptured the same day by
.per and his traiterous followers, armed with the re- DEITILROUS gun brig. The Frenchprivateer captured •
lentless majesty of vengeance, and ready to strike at by his Majesty's ship Sauer= last week, off the
every heart which beats with patriotism and true Isle of Wight, fell in with the Susanna transport,
virtue I—But this is not the only disheartening shade Captain Moaanosi, on the 10th inst. off Portlantli
when an engagementoPcommenced between them., .
in the canvass —How vainly has that precious blood which lasted nearly four hours, during which the pls.
' been expended which tinged the plains of Salamanca I vateer attempted several times to board the Susanna, I
How fruitless the efforts of the Hero who commanded but was severely -repulsed, and ultimately obliged to
on that occasion ! The whole military system, by sheer Off' r. .4 .
.PI YMOUTH, NOVEMBER 16. '
which France retained,Bpain under her subjection, Came in
the Spa ash brig NoStra Senora Carkeekl.
tottered to its base within twenty hours after the roar from Bubo*. The Hanson, Gootrwm, put in Valise .
of the cannon bad ceased on that gloriiius day, and harbour yesterday. Arrived his Majesty's brie
it required but the common place co-operation of Sumummwrait from the.Weatwall—Willi Lan. ,„,,..
common place undeistandings tO have thrown down' Our currency remains unaltered eon Mandeesloorted; eat
CORN MARIPIT. WAVE LANE, NOTEMEA 3.4, ...,-
the mighty reins on tile heads of its supporters. cyst for eserreno Oats, *hit& coennend • le. perieleteltelowei
Our antagotiist was upon his• knees. another blow ' sod Hog yPtaa, which mik PS* Vat"' 4"1""r` ' • -
lead,-.924.1544.1404. Wie 44s go. ad.
would have struck him to the giound never to rise 1 trilletglksis da-voli. tabs. IS* Hone Skips, old toes. Ilia.
again I It would be futile here to raise the voice of Thenzick. —to -- ...--14.-,----",,, ass. sea,
Rye* 611 s. ?Os. . 'l4 Ditto, "id 104 s. raw. ..
complaint—.or to condemn_ men or measures by .anti- Bailey". ees.Ase. *sib ~ aew soa sow .
cipation. The forthcoming Speech ef• the Panic* mak, 10•••• lies.".,. - I =tads Its. 525.
• Caro ray, per cart isa; Via. • i 14355. 129.,
REDINT to his 1141 W Parliament, will, lei doubt, em. cifiiguler, de. 40e. 44e. Cry Seca 9I n. fflOo.
brace the topics at which we have glanced, and call TAP de. Pc bushels iseAoB. Wbmserares• Jai-10g.14 .
AReesterd, do. so. .
.sees. easeesse Ask erne
'forth the early ea sir 4 *l4,Agislators into the. jarioloppook : '", am sajem tau
. . -
. ' -4.: i, .T4b639.lhtut 1.. .'.51. - • :.o- • •
~, •
. ~ .
•
t•• -'.
. ._ . •
A'
....

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18.

PRICt OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Reduced 5755-4 per Cent. 74-5 per Ct. 9015
Cons. 59 54—for ac 59 581—Oren. 5{ 5 pr—Bonds par Is. di,.
Rica Bills. (SFI.) 2s. Ss. pr.—Da (95d.) SLAW pr..

.

- .~, ~,

. • ,

.
