DEAL, SEP TEMBER '2B.

S.tiled his Majesty's ships BLossou and NAtmuis,
for Sheerness; and 28 sid of transports, with the
whole of the otitv,trd-hound and a fleet of coasters
and colliers, for Portsmouth, &c.—Wind S. W.

c:RAVE EIITEMBER 28.
Arrived the l'lcasaot Hill, Gamble, 'corn Bourdeaux ; Nep•
tune, Allen, frern Dcmarara; and Visiesy, Schat, from Worcum.
Sailed the Aisthorpe, Parkinstvn, for Petersburgh; the Nautilus,
Clark, for ditto; Brazaleira, Moita, for Bahia; crlttuna, May,
fur Anitttniam ; V row Margaretta, Stweer, for. Hunburgh;
Alztinaa ilckins, and Europa, Nietnar, for An:wery.

CORK, SF.PTEMBEFt SS.
HON! EWA RD•BOUN JAMAICA FLEET.—Wednesday
the Rhin frigate, Captain MaLcot.st, arrived here—
parted f:orn the above fleet en Monday last. They
sailed from Jamaica 26th July, under convoy of his
Majesty's ships WARRIOR, RHINE, and SAI'PHIttE
They w re accompanied as far as the Western Isles
by the P I.AN TAG EN ET, ROTA, and CARNATION, who
returned to the West Indies. The vessels bound to
Bristol ::nil St. George's Channel passed by on Wed-
nesday morning.
ErAYA RD- ISLAND HOMEWARD BOUND FLEEr.—This
vat!' i 5 fleet is also arrived :—his Majesty's ship
Cas: LLOYD, having seen four of them
into our !tarbotir, having separated from the rest of
the fleet. They consisted of about 80 sail, and left
St. Thomas's the Ist of August, under convoy of his
blaie:ty's ships GLoucasa Ell. 74, Captein
and t.lurtaa, Hon. Captain Da-Cerntelr. The Irish
and Clyde vessels, amtunting to 22, parted the Gt.no-
i CE:TEIt on Friday for their respective ports. They
had a very boisterous and unsteady passige.

Yesterday a Court of Dirmors was held at the
East India House,' when the undermentioned ships,
taken up for the ensuing season, were thus sta-
tioned, viz.:
Charles Grant, I 2no tons, Captain John Loch; David Scott,
1200 trn.s, Caina'n John Locke; Inglis, MO toes, Wm. Hay;
Essen, IYuO tons, Rich. Nisbet; Marquis Camden, 1200 tons;
Captain Henry M. Samson; and Vaasittart, 1200, Capt. —,
tor Bombay and China.
Atlas, 1200 tons, Captain Chas 0. Mayne; oeneral Harris,
trees, Capt. —; Low:ln-r Ca. .•, ;4-0 tans, Capt. --- ;
and BrArewater, 1200 tons, Captain Philip Hughes, for Madras,
Prince of Wafes's Island, anti t'hina. •
General Kyd, 12e0 tons, Cap ant —, for St. Helena, Prince
of Watts's Eland, and Cl.ina.
Prirreas Amelia, 1 th:o tons, Captain Edward Satur); and
Alnwiek Casale, Iwo wire, Captain Pet:Voltam% for China.
Princess Charlotte of Wales. 97n tons, Cap.sin John Crag;
Marquis of Wellington. 961 tons, Captain John Wood; 1 out
Melville, 918 tons. Captain Jas. Gen. Crabb; and William Pitt,
819 tor.', Captain Chas. Graham, for Madras and Bengal.
Cannsric, 820 tCns, Captain Arch. Ir. W. Swinton, for St. He.
Lena and Bengal. •
Lord Castlereagh, 812 tons, Captain Christopher Kraft, for
Beitgal.
Cartrartben, 550 tont, Captain James Ross, for Madeira, Bea:
gal, and Bombay.
Lord Eldon, 529 tons, Capta!is Jacob Cowles, for Madeira,'
Madras, and Bengal.
Hudjart, 547 tons, Capt. —; and Northumberland, 600
tons, C'apti.in J. A. Franckiin, for Madeira, Madras, and Bengal.
Sir Williani Pulteney, M. tons, Captain Henry Christopher,
fur Mr.drira, Bengal, red Bombay.
A eanst• cruel instance of the tyranny and depre-
dations the Barbary Corsairs are in the daily habit of
committlng with impunity, has just been communi-
cated to its from Gibraltar :

" A Sisedisli galliot, the Ann and Julia, Captain
Lassen, sailed on the 26th June last from Lisbon,
bound to Bourdeaux. The vessel had been taken up
and laden with an English cargo by a respectable
mercantile house of Liverpool, one of the partners
being on board ; and all the passengers were English,
among whom were two ladies, with a young girl,
the daughter of one of them, and a female servant.,
The same night, at the mouth of the Tagus., the ves-
sel was boarded by the crew of the Algerine frigate
la Lionne, who robbed both the Captain and passen-
gers of their provisions. The rigs they threw over-
board, the sheep they killed for ;heir own use, and
the bandiui were only prevented from plundering
the passengers' trunks by the officer who was at their
head. The vessel was taken to Algiers, where they
arrived on the 17th of the passengers being re-
Idnced to the most severe distress by want of food.
They eipected at least to he supplied with previsions
there, instead of which, they were ordered off at a
few hours' notice. They wroteio the English Con-
sul, but he was at his country house, and did not
come near them. The Swedish Consul was ex-
' tremely acthe in their service, and sent on board a
few articles from his own table, for their immediate
. relief; but they were not allowed to lay in a 'cock,
and were becalmed on their voyage to Gibraltar,
' where they did not arrive till the 29th July, almost
famished by want of food i and there they were put
under quarantine, on account of having touched at
Algiers. While there, they saw that all the other
Swedish vessels, and a Dutchman, had been corn•
pletely gutted, and the crews sent ashore to slavery.
They only avoided the same treatment because. the
cargo end passengers were English./ .

';TODANAL .1 an EXCEIR-$lOl4l to

IN A SERIES b 1 LETTERS;
CONTALIiIiGi REMARKS MORAL, HISTORICAL, TOPOGRA•

PIIICAL, ETC.

LETTER I. Therm ISIS.
REAR SIR—As you expressed a desire that I should
communicate to you, from time to time, something
like a history of my travels in this country, I now sit
down with pleasure to the undertaking : and though
I cannot promise you much novelty or entertainment,
I shall endeavour, as far as I can, to preserve truth
in the narrative, which I am now to lay before you.
Without stopping to inquire whether I am one who
travel for profit, for pleasure, cut of a laudable, or
an idle curiosity, I shall commence my journal by
saying, that I embarked at Newhaven, on the coast
of Sussex, the day before yesterday, for Dioppe,
where we arrived early the next morning. I should
first say, that my portmanteau was taken to the cus-
tom-house to be examined before embarkation, and

the sum of four shillings was called for in con,:?.-
(pence : this demand was, however, moderated to
three shillings afterwards, which I have rt,) dr.uht is
very proper; but I could not clearly understand,
from any of the answers given by the custom-house
officer, to what fund this money was to be applied,
nor under what special authority it was exacted from
all the passengers, forty or fifty in number; all I
c,aild learn was, that tha charge was customary,
which, I believe, is true.

I chose to go by the way of Dieppe for several
reasons : one was, because a considerable distance is

saved in land-travelling, on both sides of the water,
if the traveller intends to visit Paris. Another reason
weighed with me, which was the promise of seeing;
a rich and beautiful country in journeying through
Normandy, in which ex;ectati.aa I was nit disap-
pointed.
Tile obj;:c;ions against this passage front Sussex
ere first, the chilic•fity and expens.: of gAring ua
board the packet-boats off Brighton, par:acid-ray in
bowing weath:r, as they lie at a consid2rahle dis-
tance from the shore; and whether embark:.-:;, or
disembarking, you are liable to be grossly impose,'
upon in the charge made by the waterne2 ; and,
sides, it not uafrequently happens, that tile pasen-
gets a:e drenched is salt-water iu the boat, from the
violence of the surf beating over it. This objLecion
may be obviated, if the traveller embarks at
haven, nine or ten miles to the eastward, wtiece
there is a very .fine vessel sails every Tuesday. Here'
there is a ape creek, and you may step ou board ft otn
the wharf, and be at sea in a very short time.—
Another.objection is the length of the passage, the •
distance from !Sussex to Dieppe being about 70 iniks;
whereas from Dover. to Calais, or Amlogne„, it is
only from 9.4 to :46„ and where the pasatge o: course
must be always. more certain. Those who are in
great dread of that almost unavoidable evil, sea,.izic-
ness, will prefer going by Calais, where you tray
arrive in less than three hours, from Doves, if the
wind and tide be favourable. it is, in general, tiu-
necessary • to lay in any stock el provisions for Ike.
passage, for nine. persons out of lets make no use of
thaw. Perhaps a little biscuit, ,and a slice of tongue

or so, are all that can be required, even by those s.vii.o
are kast apt to become sick. Tires: %situ are partial
to spirits, may take a little good kr InAy %%jilt them.
We arrived at Dieppe very early in the morning,
hot I cannot quit the subject of the packet without
stating, that in obi-. vessel there were eighteen beds,
very comfortably fitted up, and with convenitscies ;
but, to our surprise, we were incorn:.:d that the uppei
bil•ths were calculated to hold t aro per sons, in case of
necessity, and we were much cre.vded with.numbeis
on board. The fare is raised :o two guineas a-head,
Without finding any thing : the fare to Calais is halt-
a-euinea ; and it is customary to give the steward a
stilling each-
When we landed at. Dieppe, it was too early for.
the Custom-house, which did not •open till nine
o'clock. At this time the luggage was taken to the,
Custom-house to be searched. This was done with-
out any demand for money, as on the English side
of the water. All I had to pay was a few per.ce for
porterage; and here, as in England, there is no lack
of porters on the wharfs, and if you are not on your
guard, you will be equally liable to have as many
porters to pay as you have parcels to carry.
Before leaving. England, l had provided myself
with a passport from the Secretary of State's Office,
for which the sum of £2.75. was paid. This is thee
best kind of security; but those who choose it may
receive passports from The French Ambassador in Lots-
don, for which I have heard only eight or ten shillings
is paid. Why there is such a wide differrace in point
hf expense for a passport, I most leave others to et-
plain. There is another kind of passport which may
be obtained from the Mayor of any of 'the principal
French seaports at a ti ifiing expense, and will answer
the ourpose well; but I would recommend that the two,
last-mentioned passports be sent to be countersigned
by the French Minister (Prince Berteventn) at Paris,
to prevent any trouble or interruption in j,iurteyir,g
beyond Paris. For this counter signature the charge
is ten franks.
Dieppe is far from being nn insignificant place. It
is built cease to the sea, and you approach it by a
winding creek, with stone piers, which lead into the•
bason, where there is a good quay, and -a very safe
harbour. A small river runs into it. The streets of,
Dieppe are generally narrow, but not so much so as
those of Rouen and other places; aid there are a'
number of good houses, but the town is manifestly
not so Rourishing as it has been of old, from the de-
cay of trade and manufactures. It contains -abouti
20,000 inhabitants. The houses are well built, and
generally three stories in height ; but many are to
bad repair, aid some large ones empty. In particu-
lar, I observed a large quadrangular pile of buildin:r
nearly unoccupied, which had been formerly a great
tobacco manufactory, and which in the year 170
employed 200 hands.
There is a large high ancient castle built on the
steep cliff on the south side of the town, which, com-
manding the town and port,, must have been once
formidable.
Dieppe supplies Paris with. a great deal of fish,
which is sent up by post-carts. I saw a great quan.
tity landed, and asked the prices,.whic.. I considered
moderate.,Skate was in greatest abundance : a large
skate may he had, for a frank, or a frank and a half,
and other fish in proportion. Fowl,Pare fronftwo to
four franks a couple. Jdeat ten sots a pound. A
cookicierible ggigrq Et 401 17,040111 were Ire

• •
harbour. and I saw ao American ship which seemed
to be Lid up. Thete is an eseellent ivory manul4c-
tory here; and a very good kind of lace is also made,
in imitation of Mechlin and Valenciennes.
Dieppe was bombarded by the English in the year
11694, and some damage done to the tosser of the
church of St. Jaques.' 'There are three churches—
two in the town, and one in the Polet Ur FaushoOrg•
The Fauxblurg is populous and dirty. The churches
are hAntl:ome, hut they are not so clean and neat
in-
side as the churches in England; and they appear to
have been s'ript of some ut their valuables during the
revo:utionary period:
On the sea face of the town there is an estensies

mole. I saw a number of large iron mortars. dis.•.
ntonnted, and a tarnace for heating shot. lYteppe
consl,ts of two pari.hes, vis. Sr: Jaques and St. R..-
my, aai hid forra..:rly sev.:ral convents. Ore still
remains, iibich contains seven or eight sisters, and
whiclt, during the reign of despotism, had ben d..
prived of its privileges. There is also a small hos.
for sick. Upon the whole, I think this plats
v.t...1 worth the not::-e of a tr. tvelier.

T:lerr! ;...re.sevet.ll inns ppc, but in tonne of
them will en Englishman fin 1 so much e•milort as
At home. An rnglishm when he travels, 1)0:11.1
endeavour to leave his habits Anti tastes behind Min,
and conform himself to those abt.ut him. An En. 4.
lish lady should also know, that dull prudery is even
more detested in Frame than inEn_dand, 4nd th.t

tea and sal volatile arc Pule used, 1:1 stiort, I know
not any reason why English persons of liberal atinda
and intvitLited habits should feel themselves so mi.
scabies in France as many that I h,tve seen. The
inn at which I stopt is-on the qu.ty, and Ic•pt by his
Helier Roland, which is, I believe, as good as any.
The tre.itnteitt was civil, and the charg,esmisonabie;
and, it it he any recommend.ttion the -speaks
good and tlae landlady is very civa and
(to tz c2:::l;nrcd.)

E.WGII7ON, SEPTEMBER 27.
Sunday the, remains of Lady Mresr.tor, who
died last week in France. were brought over in the
Eliza packet, Attended by her disconsolate Lord and
tar: y. Iler Ladys!)ip sailed from hence about six
wet ki ago, for the recovery Of her he &11. The body
was la,it.ied at Newhaven ; and this tr.orniTig the gad
1.1::-xession moved from the Bridge Ea, in the fol.
lowing order :
T.,)iiiurei or hoiiLliac.3t, whit silk hatbands aad ecrtrfs. "
1:4,a; domestics on hunt-bark, with Rourning cloaks, oft
hatbands ,
Tea
la z !cedes troth, •Inclated in oil,: of usabostsy, covered with
black velvet, and, iustead of nails, Week and white mil liee
tiled ratted the edge.; the UMW round the handles the ?Luc
on the top of silver.
Lordsbip, in hit ebarint, draws by At of hi= own hones
and attended by Nis Pbyglcian, the biin.'s lrawn pr.
The tinnily post chanot and four, with three female sloaszstfesp
At thr:e o'clock the funeral cavalcade ativesi at

the New Stelae Hotel, 'and the coffin .was placed ot'
standards, in the saloon, over which was throw* 4-
svperb French velvet pall, richly ornamented round
wieb silver fringe; and abode it a broad aitvet lace
c ,rrespond, the coriters beautifully embroidered in'
silver. Early to-min-row Morning the whole proceeds
in L'-.e same vrelin• do London, and ..from thence to'
*Holyhead, it.being his Lordship's determination to'
see his (1111:11.1amened Lady's remaina;deposi!ed iR
the fami'y vault at Rash; inthe county of Tyrone;
in Ireland.

A Messenger left town 1 .t night with dispatclles
for V iSCOUiIt CASILEIZEACH ; And Aho for Lord GAM•
steno and the other Cornonsiuners, at G!Jeflt.

The Court NiArtigl on Co1ot)e1 Qt NT' (4 the 10th
lliissarr, is not expected to conic on li.r so.ne time.
Captain Da GrtAisisinicr, Duke of GLICIIE, is a pria.
cipal witness, and has been sent icr front France to
give his evidence. • • •
Tuesday evening, as Colonel-QuiNTim, of the loth
Hussar Guards, and Mr. Mt:KNELL, i+f the Adnii-
raity, were .coning to town in a gig, on the Ltig.
ware-road, at a brisk pace, the horse suddenly tell, by
which the Colonel and his compinion were thrown
with great violence into the road ; the former escaped
unhurt, the latter received smite slight bruises.
Accounts have arrived from Cadiz, by a private
vessel, to the Bth inst. The place wa's in perfect
health, but the inhabitants were not destitute of all
uneasiness on account of the frequency of the epidemic
lever atCadiz when the peopleot Gib:Aware afflicted
with it. Travelling io Spain at the present time is
attended with much danger thr3ughout the country,
on account of the numerous bands of freebooters with
which it is infested.

..--
COVENT•GARDENTREILTEE.•••••Last night the Opera
of the Woodman was performed at this Theatre. The
cltit!f merit of this piece consists in its sweet music.
which, with such vocal performers as Miss STEPHENS,
SINCLAIII, and INcLaDost, must possess more than,
ordinary powers of attraction. The House was con-
sequently well filled, and the performance through.
out was rapturously applauded.
Tfill NEW SHERUMS. —Yesterday the LORD MAYOR,
the late Sheriffs,litc. met at the Mansion.h.nne, wheiice
they proceeded to Guildhall, to swear in the new
Sheriffs: after which they returned to the Mansion-
horse. Mr. Sheriff LEtott afterwards gave a very
splendid entertainment to the Lona MAYI,a, the late
Snetiffs, Aldermen, the City Officers, and a most
numerous company, at the Albion Tavern. On the
health of the Umbers for j.iveipool being given,
with which place the new Sheriff (Lawn) is con-
vected?. General Giksoinnic returned thanks. The
f:tivity of the ercilirjAg Was aisiste .1 by the vocal tale's's
lOf DICNUid; UROADIICEST, BELL tillY,:Md SALE.
Among thecornpany were, Aldermen EASIER, PRICE,
I,SIIAW, PLOWER, BLOXASI, Nisei,, NirOUD, C. SMITH,
alxi NS, OCTODEEIIERE, MAW; riY, and 11E GATE, and
11:e It OSSIAW CONSUL.
Tnis djy Alderman Draw was elected Lord Mayor
for the ensuing year.
Satz BY AUCT/ON.—To be Sold publicly, to the
highest bidder, at the King's Warehouse, in Rams.
gate, on Monday; the 3d 41.iy of October next, at
Two o'Clock in the Afternoon, the lollowsnig Goods
•FoR Hoist Co :4 suiirrsom2so ()Albans Bran !y, 211 Geneva,
of lezal strength fur public stock; 9 Gallons Geneva, for prlviote
use; 59 Gallons Red Wine; 6 Bottles Red Wine; 20 hlustin
Coil, 5 Habit Skirts, 121 Yards Lace, 421 b, Tobacco, S Pieces
,Neati, rtkleencb,
esstP,cicotnutairl,b3lgtagiwity
kaactsk.slsalprotri
4,
cluCtao-ukeb. pain
cr,rna:
50Ihs. Ro.in • sundry pieces of broken-up Doses, old W'ood,aa4
Other Materials.
Fox gicroaTA.Tiox-1 Silk Umbrella, 110 Silk Shawls, Ile
Yards Silk, 75 Pairs Leather Gloves, a Pieces and I Rairt-ledis
Silk Handkereblefs, 11i Packs Playing cdp,iir.4l,ll, A paw
la Si AO isAl. reTtifel

Il
