NEW YORK PAPERS..

New York Papers to the 18th of April contain accounts from the
city of Mexico, dated the 3d of March. According to these, a speedy
change in the Government is inevitable. The following are extracts:
Front the Baltimore American, April 13.
The last dates from Mexico, to the 3d inst. mention that a change
in the Government must take place soon, and It was currently re-
ported that the " grito" of centralism would be given there. A law
interesting to commerce has lately been paned ; it enacts, that all
duties are to be paid in cash within forty and eight days after entry.
This is a most serious affair, se it is impossible to sell for cash, and
no merchant in this country can afford to have inactive funds.
The American brig, Emilia, arrived at Valparaiso in 118 days
from New York, having passed through the Straits of Magellan._
The passage occupied ten days, and was performed with entire ease
and safety. The Captain stated that it is by no means as dangerous
as it is generally represented. He remarked two peculiarities which
it may be important to notice, as somewhat at variance with the ge-
nerally received accounts of the Straits. A strong current constantly
sets towards the east, which will, of coarse, be in favour of a vessel
piming from the Pacille to the Atlantic, and the depth of the Straits
is so great that no anchor can be cast at a distance of an hundred
fathoms from the shore. The Emilia was visited by several Indians
in a state of perfect nudity, who ante to barter arms and other
cessmoditiss for tobaomin the midst of a tremendous snow storm.
ABISRICAII Finaucz—m.The Secretary of the Treasury states
that the Bper cent. stock of 1815, •amounting to 8,440,550 dollars
17 cents, will be paid Won the Ist of July next.
Paola Cam.— By the arrival of the ship Lafayette, in 85 days

LON I)4JN.

MONDAY, MAY 17.

THE KING.

We are rejoiced to perceive, from the following Bulle-
tin, that the alarming reports prevalent on Saturday are
not realized ; and we trust these now circulated, relative
to his MAJESTY'S canvalesence, may prove correct. It
is, however, utterly impossible to draw any positive con-
clusion, either from the language of the Bulletins, or the
statements of our contemporaries :--

66 WINDSOR CASTLE, MAT 17, 1830.
"The KING has passed a good night. His MAJESTY'S
symptoms are alleviated.

(sue)

“ HENRY HALFORD.

', MATTHEW .7. TIERNEY."

This morning the usual weekly despatches were re-
ceived at the Foreign Office, in Downing-street, from
Lord STUART DE ROTHSAY, our Ambassador at Paris,
and from Sir CHARLES BAOOTT, our Ambassador at
the Hague.

Despatches were also received at the Colonial Office,
from Major-General Sir JAMES LYON, Governor of
Barbadoes.

The Austrian Observer publishes an important mes-
sage from the Provisional President of Greece to the se-
nate. According to this document, a wish is manifested
to make a division of the national domains. Knowing,
as CAP° D'ISTRIAS did, that this was one of the mea-
sures most urgently called for by the people, on his first
arrival, it is somewhat singular he should have deferred
any notice on the subject till the nomination of Prince
LEOPOLD was announced. The motive for coming for-
ward now is too apparent to impose on the most super-1

ficial. Whether the suggestions of the COUNT be car-
ried into effect or not, be will take all the credit of
being foremost in making them, to himself, and thus in-
terfere with a measure that would go more effectually to-
wards establishing the popularity of the new Sovereign,'
than every other he could adopt on his assuming the
reins of Government.—The important fact of the S ur.-
TAN'S having acceded to the Protocols of the Allies, will
be seen by referring to our foreign head.

The third and concluding article, entitled " France
and its Government" will be found in our first page. In
having thus redeemed our pledge to the Repthentant, we
may congratulate the Editor, on his having produced by
far the most important exposition connected with the po-
litical state of France, ever presented to the British
public. It is one from which both our Statesmen
and politicians may draw conclusions of the highest in-
terest. We shall, therefore, be greatly surprized if it
does not excite the attention of our Contemporaries.

New York Papers have come to hand to the 18th ult.
one day later than those received yesterday. They con-
tain the Report of the Committee of Finance appointed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing an uniform
national currency for the United States. It states that
in the present condition of the Treasury of the United
States, with a revenue far beyond its wants, and a debt
hastening to entire extinction, the measure of issuing
paper money is not needed by the government, nor
apparently by the interests of the country. Such an
issue, they state, would be the creation of a
monied engine of direct dependence on the officers
of Government, at variance with the whole scheme
of the institutions of the Republic. The Go-
vernment receives its revenue from 343 Custom-
houses, 42 land-offices, 8,000 post-offices, 131 receivers
of revenues, 37 marshals, and 33 clerks of courts. From
these the Government has received for the ten years
preceding the Ist of January, 1830, a sum of
230,068,855,17 dollars. This sum has been collected in
various parts of the extensive country, and disbursed
at others without the loss of a single dollar, and
without the expense of a single dollar to the Go-
vernment. " That a currency by which the govern-
ment is enabled to collect and transfer such an
amount of revenue is unsound, cannot," say the Com-
mittee, " be readily believed ; for there can be no surer
test of its sufficiency than the simple fact, that every
dollar received in the form of a Bank-note in the re-
motest parts of the interior, is, without charge, converted,
into a silver dollar, at every one of the vast number of
places where, for the service of the government, its dis-
bursement is required." In support of this currency, the
Committee argue that in all the atlantic and commercial
cities, the notes of State Banks are equal to gold and sil-
ver, and describes it as a currency issued at twenty-four
different parts of the Union, obtainable by any citizen
who has money or credit, and, when in his pos-
session, equivalent to silver, in all his dealings.—
The soundness of this currency is still further
shewn by the state of the Foreign Exchanges.—
The exchange on England is I per cent, under par. On
the whole, the Committee are of opinion that the present
state of the currency is safe for the community, and emi-
nently useful to the Government ; and that, under all
circumstances, they deem it prudent to abstain from all
legislation, to abide by the practical good which the
country enjoys, and to put nothing to hazard by doubt-
ful experiments.

A meeting of the friends of the Anti-Slavery Society
was held, on Saturday, at the Freemasons' Tavern, at
which it was agreed to petition Parliament to proceed
forthwith with such measures as might be necessary for,
the abolition of slavery. Seven years have elapsed
since the Minister, the Parliament, and the Country,
all agreed in the necessity of such abolition, and yet,
up to this moment, no adequate means for the final
extinction of slavery have been yet adopted—nor
even for its effectual mitigation. The Colonial Le-
gislatures, supported by the West India interest in
this country, have refused to obey the orders of Govern-
ment, and resolved to continuo this abominable traffic in
spite of every effort to suppress it. More than two years
have elapsed since the Minister declared, in his place in
the House of Commons, that this refractory conduct on
the part of the Colonies would not be submitted to. The
threat, we regret to find, has proved an empty one, which
has placed him in not a very favourable light. The Mi-
nister cannot feel very confident in his strength, who has
so long suffered the orders of his Government to be treated
with contempt.—Mr. HUNT took an active part in the
debate, which we think, with Mr. Baouo HAM, entitled
him to more courtesy than he met with. He is too well
acquainted with public meetings to deviate from any of
those rules which entitle a speaker to a patient hearing.

The various petitions presented to Parliament relative
to the introduction of a system of Poor Laws into Ire-
land, exhibit the public mind divided upon that subject.
Some of the objections to the measure, as well as some
of the arguments in its favor, are evidently founded upon
an econeous view of the question, or originate in mo-
tives that should have no influence upon the decision.
—Tie wealthy land-owner, who withdraws himself
from his country to avoid a fair contribution of his pro-
perty to supply its wants, does not stand in a very
amiable light ; but we should not therefore be eager to in-
troduce Poor Laws into Ireland, merely with a view to
his pinishment, by compelling what good feeling would
have voluntarily offered. Neither should we be deterred
from their adoption by the abuses and severe pressure of
the cede of which the people of England complain. The
adoption or rejection of a system of Poor Laws for Ire-
land, should be governed by far different motives—they
should be governed by its actual fitness, or unfitness,
for its intended pitrpose. The English system,
however perfect, could not be introduced with ef-
fect into Ireland. Were the machinery ever so

good, the peculiar state of society in that country doe,
not afford an agency competent to work it. If the chartro
of jobbing, so frequently made against its Grand Jurie,
composed of its principal gentry, be well founded, he-.
' could honesty be expected in the disbursement of th
Poor Rates in a country so deficient in yeomanry and in.
dependent tradesmen, the classes of people who ntatiaz,
them in England ? But though the agents in the un-
nagement were incapable of acting from a corrupt
motive, can they be relied on as equally free from at!
prejudice and prepossessions ?—lt is not in nature that
the great measure of last Session, however successful.
should have been able, in so short a time, to have corn-
pletely extinguished all party and religious prejudice.;
so that the Protestant and the Catholic pauper mi;,11:
safely present himself, certain of receiving the relief to
which he was intitled, and without suffering from, o.
gaining by, their influence. The state of society la
Ireland, therefore, is not yet fit for the reception of Poo-
Laws upon the plan now in operation in England. LP
it not, however, be supposed, that if there be no Put;
Rates paid in Ireland, the upper and middle classes .•.;
free. There are few individuals above want in tha.
country who do not contribute to the poor in public ,e
private donations, perhaps, as much as their quota of Poo-
Rates would amount to. The proverbial hospitality of
the country is not limited to the stranger at the table ,
it is extended to the mendicant at the door, and the mo-
ral character of the country would not, perhaps, gait.
much by exchanging its sympathy with distress and it,
charitable feeling, for the cold sense of duty created by
legal enactment. A great deal may be gained from the
warm heart of the Irish, which would be refused to com-
pulsion. They are also deceived, who think that the in-
troduction of the Poor Laws into Ireland would relieve the
distress among the lower classes in this country. It is not
Irish paupers by whom the labouring classes are affected its
England, but the cheapness and supply of Irish labour
in the English Market. The remedy, then, is not the
introduction of Poor-Rates, but the introduction of employ-
ment at home, the discovery of which, fortunately, need
not be very difficult. Its reclaimable bogs and wilds
would afford ample employment for all the surplus labour.
ing population of Ireland. But, although the English code
cannot be introduced with effect into Ireland, it is not
here meant that nothing should be done to ameliorate the
condition of its poor, of whom there would necessarily re-
main a large surplus, were there not even one able-bodied
labourer idle within its limits. The principle of legal
provision for the poor is not a novelty in Ireland. There
are already work-houses and various charitable institutions
for their relief in aid of casual bounty. If these institutions
have worked well, why not extend the principle instead of
resorting to new and doubtful experiments ? This is the
course of which the House of Commons seemed to ap-
prove, a few nights ago, when Mr. SLANEY suggested
the extension of the principle of Friendly Societies as the
means of improving the condition of the labouring clisscs
in manufacturing towns. A measure of so comprehensive
a nature as any system of Poor Laws, similar to that now
in use in England, would be a most dangerous experi-
ment in Ireland. It must be borne in mind that, should
it fail, the country could not revert to its former state.
The means now existing for the relief of the poor having
been swept away by the new system, the poor would
have nothing to fall back upon, and the country would
be plunged in still greater distress than any which it
now suffers.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
The difference of opinion, and the number of reports, with which
we are inundated in the City in regard to his majesty's illness, an
at present thwarted by the bulletins, so that we continue still in the
greatest uncertainty in regard to the true state of his majesty'.
disorder, has also the effect of keeping the funds steady at present.
which opened at to same price they left off on Saturday, 921 j fox
the account; at present they are 92j.93, for money the same, and
for next amount Otto I. In the Foreign Market little or nothing
doing at present.

Accountsfrom Lima state that the revolutionary mos mots in
Peru had wholly ceased ; the country has become reconciled to the
order of affairs. Tranquillity has been restored at Lima, but the
condition of Chili is represented much less favourable.
Accounts from Alexandria, of the 9th April, do not confirm that
the Bey of Egypt will take any active part against Algiers.
Letters from Port au Prince state, that Baron Ripon, French
Commissioner for the exchange of the ratification of the treaty of
commerce with Rayti, bad arrived on the 18th March.

Accounts from Martinique state, that great alarm prevailul then.
owing to the desertion of the slaves to St. Lucie.

Accounts from Leghorn state, that the Dey of Algiers becomes
greatly alarmed; and the Beduins who were to march to the coast
have refused, until he pays them previously.
LzvzarooL, MAT 15.—The import of Cotton this week u
7,210 Baka, and the sales reached 15,740 Bags at last sit k's prices.
In Sugar, I,loohhda. have been disposed of this week at steady
prices.

••• --A/
• •
-
•
• 1:0„ • crw,
z.z.11-1-ILtiptia
.1:22 c p s ' • .
