:serial
respecting

Liberty.
Yesterday, in the Secret Committee of the Cham-
ber of Deputies, M. de CASTILLSAJAC proposed to
present an Address to the King, praying his Majesty
to present a Projet of a Law for regulating the Li.
berty of the Press, expressly granted by the Charter.
M. de Laboulaye stated, that it was useless to dis-
cuss this proposition, the Minister of Police having
written to the President to announce that the Go.
vernment would present on Thursday next a Projet
of a Law regarding Individual Liberty, and the 1
Liberty of the Press.
The Gazette de France says, as above, that the Pro.
jet was to be presented on Saturday.
After some debate, the discussion of the proposi-
tion was adjourned.

PARIS. DECEMBER 4.
The Missionaries,- whose labours have been so suc-
cessful at Beauvais ate now at Caen, where their
pious efforts have been crowned with the happiist
results.
Joseph Mute), a man of property at Cirey letha-
teen, has been condemned to three months• imprison-
ment and a fine of 50 Trams, for having cried "Five '
Emfiersur," and saying that in eight days time Na-
poleon would appear again.
Nicholas Vaillot, a shopkeeper at Bar le Duc, has
been condemned to six months imprisonment, a fine
of 100 francs, and five years surveillance of the Po-
lice, for having cried out " rive r Exelfenver." He
will also be obliged to find security of SOO francs.
Last night a clerk in a public office invited to sup-
per one of his friends, who was out of place—they
supped together, and it being late in the evening, the
clerk invited his guest to sleep with him : this was
refused by the latter, who said he would rest on a
chair. Ac two o'clock in the morning the person
wbo was in bed felt a knife at his throat, be sprung
out of bed, and a violent struggle ensued between
him and his assassin, who being mure powerful suc-
ceeded in gaining the street. The Police are in search
of him.

CHAMBER OF PEERS.
SITTING OF Till SD DEMISE&

At two o'clock the Chamber met. The Order of 1
the Day was read un the proposition for interdicting
Members from using written discourses. This pro.
position was combated by various speakers, and one
only spoke in favour of it as it stood : others proposed
modifications. On coming to the ♦ote, 50 only ap-
peared for the proposition. and 87 against its it was
therefore lost. Adjourned until Tuesday seat,

ROME, NOVEMBER is.
We have the pleasure to announce the arrival at
Civita Vecchia, on the 11th instant, of 8S subjects of
his Holiness delivered by the English from slavery at
Tunis. Captain Forrest, who conveyed them thither,
has addressed to his Holiness and the Secretary of
State dispatches front Rear Admiral Penrose, succes-
sor to Lord Exmouth, announcing this happy event.

SOUTH AMEaiCA• • •

/WWI We' arrived at Cadis, from
accotats to tbobeginoing of July. They
expresses bad tome on to the VICEROY,
lir sailing, with intelligeece that Ad-
of the Buenos Ayres Squadron, had
Choco, situated between Guayaquil and
Pah. _ refreshing at the Gallipagos Islands,
the general rendezvous of the South Sea Whalers.—
This fresh and unexpected visit from the enterprising
squadron of the Independents had created great con.
sternation among the Royalist Party in Peru, parti.
cularly the merchauts, who had already been such
great sufferers. It is therefore probable that the ship
Count de Palma; said to have arrived at Barbadoes,
must belong to some other expedition, as the above
name is not among the ships which originally ac.'
companied Ntowx from Buenos Ayres.
The following are extracts front the American
Papers, alluded to above. From these it will be seen
that the Patriot General, *Galena, killed in the
Royal Spanish accounts, has not only come to life
again, but taken and plundered Barcelona, after de-
feating, with great slaughter, the Royal detachment
sent against him t
RETRACT OF A LETTER FRMiI THE AMERICAN CONSUL,
DATED BUENOS AY Mt EMT. 4.
de The threatening expedition of the Portuguese
does not appear ; and even if it should, this govern-
ment does not much apprehend that any hostility will
be used against this part of the country, being deter-
mined, unless attacked, to stand neutral during the
contest. Property I consider as safe here as in the
United States, thus far."
RETRACT FROM ANOTHER LETTER, DATED WINOS
ATM, AUGUST 19.
44 I have omitted to say any thing about the Por.
tuguese Expedition ; indeed we have generally forgot
it; it put into Saint Catharine's, whether inten-
tionally or by stress of weather is not known. Many
think that its destination was for Saint Catharine's,
there to maintain the troops at a cheaper rate, andin
a better climate than Rio Janeiro ; but it appears to
me, the Portuguese Government, if such had been its
intention, would have advised this Government.—
The Government of Buenos Ayres, since its declara-
tion of Independence, has written, I am told, to de-
mand of the Portuguese Govetnment the object and
the destination of the expedition."

" MOBILE, SEPEMBER 22.
" The sloop General Jackson arrived heft on the
19th inst. from Campeachy. She received on her
passage two wounded men from the schooner Gene-
ral Jackson.(•a republican privateer) which vessel had
22 men wounded by a Spanish brig of 20 guns, and
about SOO men,
44 The schooner General Jackson bad three guns
and 60 men, and had completely flogged the Spanish
brig, after an rng9g••nrnt of one hour and forty
minutes, and was about taking posession of her,
when, a drop of war and a brig bearing down upon
them, they thought it most prudent to make their
escape, and leave their prize. The vessels were a
part of the squadron destined for carrying out a new
Vice Roy to Mexico from Havannah. The Jackson
privateer was loaded with arms and ammunition, and
proceeded on her voyage, much cut to pieces."
44 LEGUME, SEPT. 11.
44 Since the date of my last respects by this oppor.
tunity, the Patriots have taken possession of Barce-
lona, after routing, with great slaughter, a detach-
ment of Royalists sent out to oppose them. They
amounted to about 1500 men from the Oronoco, and
it is said are commanded by the same M'Gregor
whom the Government officially stated to have been
killed, with the whole of his force, in the battle of the
2d August, at Quebradita, a place not 30 leagues
from Caraccas, upon which they marched after land-
ing on the coast, but who, on the contrary, escaped
into the interior with nearly the whole of his men.
44 Within the last three days, eight vessels have
arrived from Barcelona, with as many of the inhabi-
tants as the shortness of the notice enabled them to
get off. It is stated, however, this morning, by an
arrival from that quarter, that a force from Cumana
had marched upon Barcelona, and that the insurgents,
after plundering the town, had abandoned it with
great precipitation. The markets are still the same."
BOUQUILLA DE PEDItA. sFPTEMBER 16..
General Guadaloupe Victnria has beaten the ene-
my at Oiisava, and taken from them all the crop of
tobacco, so precious for fattening their treasury. The
Commandant, Teran, had joined by forced marches
to the villages on the coast To the South of Vera
Cruz, to seize on the port of Guanatnalos, from
whence the Royalists fled to Vera Cruz.
A Spanish squadron lately sent several launches,
mounted by a hundred soldiers, to drive the Patriots
from Boquilla de Pedra; but the Dons, repulsed with
the loss of several men, retired with the greatest pre.
cipitation.

mmallMMllsk , 4..- • ,
t ,
't - ,i1P."44:. • ~
ted -- ‘' PArrit -i SI
• .v.,44,Tv0k - -s. • -: -. ..
• • , s. ..a,-•••tok. ~' ‘111.14 SPani'll
c. • ./ • -* Mora, with acct
_ Tex* ' " . : , taint's,. ~., . .
The King* is :'' ,- ;
91 . '• ' ripen that expi
ith ids Miniitem: •' ?,-
, .00 ~ 1 ' •
It is said, that :in Saturday daplCAtill ba a Mini, previous to thei
erial Communication tothe Chamber of DePoriero mita} Baowx, (
appeared off Ch
specting the Liberty of the Press and Individual
Panama, after
