Oat ireat-psi9c,,
Of the glObt what
country to nip'
mor nations
, o r lie' fel t
taken ria•th at p;
hidtis'ought nt
they had genie 1 r Itiejt
pared to avoid; but he could not help regretting That
that step had not been taken at a much earlier period.
by which this country would have manifested that
which_ it was equally its duty and its interest to do
the right and the disposition to act independently. He
felt great satisfaction at the free and fearless conduct cf
the United States of America upon that subject, which
was at once becoMing its character and its power. There
was.jn it no dissimulation, no ambiguity, no hesitation ; the
sentiments of its Government were avowed with a candour
and a firmness becoming its situation and its strength ;
and believing that in every point of view it was important
that the interests and the independence of those rising
States should be protected, he was yet to learn why, in
their infant state, we had not interposed between them
and the blows of their enemy the shield which it was
our duty to interpose between a weaker and a stronger.
Power. Connected with the systematic interference
with the liberties of every State in Europe, by the great
Continental Powers, appeared to be a most iniquitous
system of exclusion with respect to trade, coupled with a
determination to exclude the manufactures and the pro-
duce of this country from the whole continent of En
rope, as far as lay within their power. From that cir-
cumstance an additional motive.for our cultivation of a
connection with the South American States might be
deduced. When it should be known that linty years
ago the population of North America was only three
millions ; that it is at present ten millions; that accord-
ing to the latest census the population of South Ame-
rica amounts to sixteen millions, independently of the
Brazils, which contain four millions; taking then those
sixteen millions, and calculating their increase of popu-
lation upon the same ratioas that of the United 'States,
it might be expected that in forty years the population
of South America would exceed fifty millions : and when
it should be further known that that population was a
population of a peculiarly consuming character with re-
ference to European manufactures, of which it yaas cal-
culated that each individual consumed to the amount of
£2 sterling per annum ; when all these things should
be known, would the importance of our friendly con-
nection with, and our protection of, those infant but
rising States be denied ? Yet, in order to obtain all the
advantages that might thence result, he would hot con-
sent to abandon that high and honourable course which
this country ought to follow ; at the same time he de-
clared that he had yet to learn what were the reasons
that prevented us from having embraced an earlier,
and consequently a more favourable moment for taking
that step so necessary to the credit and honour of the
country. But Great Britain was not only interested
in the establishment of the independence of the South
American Governments, but it was equally her interest,
indeed it became her duty, to see that it should be esta-
blished as early as possible, and that it be firmly and
immoveably fixed. On that part of the Speech he had
felt it his duty thus to speak his sentiments. There re-
mained many other topics, but which did not so impe-
ratively call for notice. One of these was a subject al-
luded to by a Noble Lord who had preceded him, with
whom he agreed, that it was a topic of peculiar deli-
cacy; and he further fully concurred with that Noble
Lord, that with reference to that subject muchought to
be done, yet, that as little as possible should be said. On
the othersubjects touched upon in the Speech, many other
opportunities and occasions for discussink ;hem would
occur; he should not, therefore, now dilate*Ppo them.
But there was a subject of peculiar interest and import-
ance on which he could not be silent—he meant Ire-
land. He fully agreed with the Noble Lord who had
seconded the Address, that a good deal had hien 'done
towards effecting her tranquillity; but he wished that
the Noble Lord at the head of the Government of that
count; y could have held out a prospect of a remedy for
evils the root of which lay much deeper than wasgenerally
believed. On two points connected with that' coun-
try, namely, tithes and police, he was free to admit that
much benefit had been conferred upon Ireland by the
Acts of the last Session. With respect to tithes he agreed
with the Noble Lord that a great opening had been
made, and an approximation between the parties pre-
viously opposed had been effected—he trusted those de-
sirable efforts would be found to result more generally;
yet he hoped that other and additional measures would
be taken to ensure the happiness and tranquillity of
that important portion of the Empire. He had now
nothing further to say ; it was not his intention to move
any amendment to the Address ; however, he could not
but lament that Ministers had not more broadly and
candidly avowed the sentiments by which he was sure
they were actuated.

•the Earl of LIVERPOOL.—After the very able
manner in which the different topics referred to in the
Royal Speech had been treated by the Noble Lord who
had moved the Address, and the no less able speech of
the Noble Seconder, lie should 'not have 'felt himself
called upon to follow them on those various points ; hut
as the Noble Marquis who had just sat down had
thought proper to advert to those topics, he (the Earl of
Liverpool) could not suffer the Muse to come to a vote
upon the subject without replying to the arguments of
the Noble Marquis. On the first point, he could satisfy
their Lordships that there existed no difference of opi-
nion between him and the Noble 'Marquis. He would
say, not for the purpose of declamation however, that
no former period of this country's history could be
fixed on in which it had enjoyed a greater state of pro-
sperity than it did at present—(Hear, hear, hear).—
' He fully concurred with the Noble Marquis, in rejoicing
that the distress which had existed in agriculture had
been removed by the operation of natural causes alone.
Noble Lords would recollect how his Majesty's Minis-
ters had been pressed for legal enactments to secure
that very desirable object; it was therefore a most ma-
terial and important circumstance, that the recovery
from distress of the agricultural interest had been el-
fected, not by Acts of Parliament, but that it had grown
out of natural causes only. It was well
.known to the
country, and had been most ably stated by the Noble
Mover of the Address, that during the arduous struggle
in which we had been engaged we could not have made
the-extraordinary exertions we did, and which were' so
imperatively called for, but at immense- expense, nor
without incurring a great weight of debt,• the- pressure
of which had been afterwards revercly felt. But similar
effects had always ken expel ienced, even aftet the most
successful wars. But even the expenditure lions witith
those efforts proceeded had biought compensation to
the country, for some of its amount, As had been
proved by the Accounts laid upon the table at dif- I

Imes, by which it Was proved that ill.' ing
n•the agricultural and other interests of the
lad increased in a most extraordinary degree.
,at great expenditure was stopped—when a
mber of our Army and our Navy had been
ick upon thevopelaejon— e hen the eemand
is Tinkles of-produce ''and mamifactthe tad
emu', ,it' was natural-to expect thargtta and
extensive distress2nstneverty sheets' be felt. But inde.
,pendently of the distresses ogre* attendant upon a
'Transition fi om a state of war to one ortteace, there as
another difficulty which this country had to encounter
--the return,to metallic .ctirrency. Although.lieskelt
convinced that the great and successful struggle in
which we had engaged could not have been made with:
out a suspension of cash payments, yet he felt alenAljat
it was our duty to return to a metallic currency ::.seDqe,
as possible, and that this should he effected by preserv.
ing also the national faith. We had recovered Irons
those great and distressing effects. We had returned
to a metallic currency without a breach of faith With
the public creditor. He thanked GoD that we ha I 'so
returned to it, and that we had not only survived our
distresses, but that we had attained to a height of pica.
sperity 'never before eqiialled. Our conduct thrnuelieet
the whole of those affairs shewed that the integrity we
had maintained—the justice of the principles, on %%Melt
we had acted—the good faith we had maintained with
the pablic•creditor, had enabled us to overcome all our
difficultiei, and trade and agriculture had completely
recovered—(Hear, lieai ). He had felt himself carer
upon to allude to this point, because he thoughtitoo mesa
could not be said upon it. • Although he did not coht>.
der it necessary to follow. the Address through all its
branches, yet to that part of it which speaks of our.k.
ternal state being more satisfactery than that of our fo-
re,ign relations, and patticularly irises reference to a sob.
ject so much discussed during ;he last Session of Pael4.
/Ilan (the invasion of Spain), it might be necessary for
ltin't to advert, it would perhaps be sufficient for him to
Say, that everything Ullith had seen then stated by him..
'self and the-Noble Friends *rho sat near him, had been
'more than proved by the events that had since occurred
)near).—fle had deprecated the invasion of
Spaiu, not merely on the abstract:principle that no court-
try had a right to interfere in the internal affairs Of end-
thee, but that lie thought Ftitnce had made out no case
frir her* particular interference. lie had stated :rho that
Spain ought to. be left to herself; butt in stating so, he
had added, that when the daiager of• interference dill
arise, it was the duty of those at the head of the Spanislt
Government tOmakeconcessions—not to France, but to
Spain herself, by consenting to such a modification of the
Constitution as would reinsure the objections against it.
We gave out advice' to. that -effect ; and he would .welds
those who had tlietrbeen of the popular party in SPaie,
whether they *ere not now sorry that they had not taken;
that advice'? Was there any 'roan who, viewing the
manner in which the French army had been received,ln
Spain, would now say that 'he was sorry we had not
interfered? for it was now evident that the:grent mass
of the Spanish people were opposed to the Censtitutiee,
for they had hailed the French sohliers as deliverers.—
There were no people so jealous of foreign interference
as the Spaniards.. In his (Lord Liverpool's) speech last
April he said, that however much the SpaniaedChatea
foreigners, they hated the Consataitionintich mot ;..eed
it had since been proved, that the Constitutional' party
in Spain was very small when compared with theme-
lation of that country. He considered the conduct of
the French Generals, the French Rulers, and aboveall
of that illustrious Prince who was placed at the head of
the invading armii, to have been mild, moderate, and
just; for lie (Lord Liverpool) would say, however 'he
might have condemned the invasion of Spain on.poinci-
ple, yet would he say of that Pi ince, that the ability,
moderation. and discietion which marked his career
in that country, gave great hopes of his governing
with eqUal talents 'and dispositions that co miry over
which it was not too much to say he was destined pro-.
bably, and of right, to reign. The efforts of France had
been directed to check the spirit of ultraism, and to
assist chat party which in Spain was opposed to that
spirit; and with respect to Or non-interference to pre.
vent such results, he would. declare that he had nb
more notion of sending 'British -bayonets to make peo-
ple free against their. will, than he had to assist in con!,
tinuing them in slavery—(Cheers): He came next.to
a subject of considerable importance. The Noble Lord
had said, that he did not disapprove of what, had' been
said in the Speech, but wished that more had been said ;
'but in a general expose of that nature, he (Lord Li-
verpool) could not see what more could be said. Dur-
ing the last war, their Lordships would recollect a con-
siderable difference of opinion had existed whether we
should embark fully in the cause of Spain, by assisting
her to expel the French, or whether we should limit
our assistance to her South American possessions, and
leave the cause of Spain to herself. The latter was not
the course followed by this country. We entered heert,
and hand into the war in Spain, and by the efforts, the
talents, and the brilliant achievements of his Noble
Friend near him (the Duke of Wellington), the contest
.was ultimately brought to-a fortunate conclusion. Be-
fore that war, had finished, the Spanish South American.
Colonies had' declared their own independence; then,
also, we offered. to Spain our :mediation; but which
she, unfortunately for herseil, declined ; had she done
otherwise—had she availed herself' f our proffered me-
diation—she might have saved half • her Colonies.: by
following a different course she had lost the whole.
This point naturally led him to that part of the Speech
which referred to the South American Governments;
we have taken the first step towards establishing a last,
ing connection with them, by sending out Consuls thi-
ther. The object of the Speech which their Lordships
had heard that day was to do away the impression that
we were under obligations to Spain, or to,any other
country or Power, not to take any step towards recog-
nising the independence,of the South American States ;
we arc toially flee and unfettered, and we postpone the
recognition of those States only until we shall be assuted
that the Governpients of them are fixed and. settled;,
and the priticifat Obletts.of the Commissioners whom
we have sent out are to ascertain and report to Govern-
menreverything connected with the state of those coun-
tries; .for however independent those States may be ac
j;rcio, there must- and will be felt ambiguity and
uncertainty respecting them, until the Governments.
shall be settled. On another subject (our West India
Colonies) he hoped we should do all that we owed to all
the great-interests involved—that which we owe to the
Negro population—that which we tree to those whom
we hid encouraged to become settlers in the Colonies—
that which we ewe to this country—in short, to all the
great. interests concerned, that we should not discuss
that subject with heat or interaperance—(Hear, hear).
With respect to Ireland, everything said by the-Noble
Marquis was entitled peculiarly to consideration. For

ciple, with the inha • nwof any iparigr ferent tint(
rhatever, must de le the power_ of this the last win
i
?,
liaintaitethlt 'it that in its country hi
Ins which shp h hi rto lid. , t.l /When tha
satisfied irth rst p Ilkt ha n great num
aath, be *as n 1/4 d •to, Kr that, i- thrown ba•
riot to have none titer ; indeed' he hoped (malipti!
rat flier -than :.[lfel'fbiln Sel ties' were rpre-* stMenti7c
