THE EMPRESS OF THE BRAZILS.

We have seen a letter from an English gentleman at
Brussels, who saw much of this accomplished Princess,
during her sojourn in, and passage through the Nether-
lands. We have been permitted to take the following
extract, which will be read with much interest:—

" The new Empress of BRAZIL passed by here a few
days since on her road to Ostend, where she embarked.
I had the honour to attend her to Ostend. She Li a
most delightful woman, possessed of every thing that is
charming. I was honoured with an invitation to dine with
her Imperial Majesty, which gave me an opportunity of
observing more minutely her Majesty's fascinating and
attractive qualities. With the most perfect case, she
practised every manner to please every person—talked
in French, English, German—and even Portuguese.
She has received a very superior education, as you may
suppose, and is a Lady in every sense of the word.—
A Portuguese deputation waited on her Imperial
Majesty with an Address, to which she vciy
graciously replied, expressing 'the interest she felt
in their future prosperity. In short, she enchanted every
body, and indeed made a deep impression on the inhabi-
tants, notwithstanding the Pe mi.:l ys are not easily moved.
I accompa►ied he Imperial MAJesTr on board
the &pert) steamer, which came purposely to conduct
her Imperial MAJ EsTy. to Portsmouth, where she em-
barked on board the Brazilian frigate. I left her Im-
perial MAJESTY at nine o'clock at night, under weigh,
on the 25th inst. I hope sae will be happy, and that Don
PEDRO will kuuw how to aipl•.?c!ate her inestimable
qualities."

THE SHADOWLESS MAY.

FOIL VIE STA u.
I'm a shadawless man!—aver hil, ~!ale, and lawn
I shadow:ox wander—a wonder—a icy'.
Like the ,•iin in the east did my glory fi;..t
Like the sun all my glory has lank in the west ;
And 'twill neve: revive in my lire': little .p.m. . .

Fur Fru aged and grry—and a shadowle,. mat:

sigh to rememb.r how thick o'er my lirow
The Liu:els to. Fame were I.y ViiNery huunw ;
Not CitsAo—to cover hi, h3'4!nei,—cou!d shot./

Such a garland 34 mine—tiro with diadrnii
But the ItaVei Wre all withert•d and waled and wan,
And I'm b.re and I'm bald—and a bhaily.vle,s man!

Insatiate from triumph to triumph, I
Till Conq'iest had nations emneidard in her toll; ;
Ffcch splctidour o'er earth by my g:ury wa, cast,
And Avarice, su:fei•ed, san'; o'er my spoils
cour.e, bke a meteor, ail hriOttnes4 1 ran—
Like a meteor, soon darkened—a shadowle.s man !

To to a vast hattie-plain Eurnre 2;.peared,
Where my marti.l renown, like a ryramid, stand,
Alone, in the mid%t of a des,•rt uprear'd,
And its thre.e, where it fell, turned the dew-drops to blood.
But soon, for the smile of a proud courterm,
1 to du.t crushed my pyramid—s!laslowlos man!

On an Isle in the ocean, my statue, like Ili-cum,
Or the Lathes ACIIILLA.S stuck up in Hyde Park,
Was raised ; and ith shade, like the shade of a spectre,
Pell over the nations, cold, blighting and dark.
But that statue I sold to a state Charlatan,
Who laughed as he left me a shadewless man!

Tho' Colossal these monuments were to behold,
They seemed dull to a fancy so brilliant as mine,
So Kings wrought for me such a statue of gold,
That I and my fame looked like something divine !
While its shade from the PoLe seemed to reach lllNuostax,
I thought I could ne'er be a sbadowless man!

With a Corouet —only n w Royal—the head
Was sincircled ribbands and gew-laws and stars
All over the breast so profusely were spread,
That it shone in the sun, a terrestial Mans—
Like a sceptre, the hand grayed a gold partisan,
—Who'd have dreamt I should cow be a shadowless man

For wherever I went—by some magic Al power—
The shade of the statue of gold still pursu'J.
In the Palace—the Senate—the Hall—and the bower—

At my feet still that shadow of shadows I view'd.
'Twas a marvel—a myst'ry—l never could scan :
But it vanish'd, and left me a shadowless man!

—Thus. diadem'd—scepted—and glittering all o'rr
With orders, enough to disorder some brains—
My genius—like Phaeton's—panting to soar,
At length to ambition relinquish'd the reins :
And then that most fatal delusion be7an,
Which has left me, alas ! a poor shadowless nun !

It chanced, as I bask'd in the sunshine one day,
From my temples, unheeded, my laurel crown fal;
Thug exposed—one intense, irresistible ray
Smote my Ihra.n, with a wildering coup de saeil:
When the Doctors advised me to try the trepan,
1 feared it might make me a shadowless man !

They eay, " in my !tines," I have fancied e'er since,
I Was KING OV THE EARTH—and THE MAN IN THE 11OON—
POP1 or ROME—THE GUANO SULTAN—A MIJECOTITIE
.1
HE DRY OF ALGITH--and AL- lIASCHIO- H•KOM
But I ne'er had a notion the sorcerer's ban
Was to wake nit to sense—,l poor shadowless man !

At length to a foreign Physician I hied.
A Doctor who cured all curniiiaiiits of the Crown—
Whose skill had on all Constitutions been tried,

And Who kwn every feverish •ymptum put duwn
He told me success must re•Wt !rom his plat),
But his patient became a Merr. sh.utowless nun!

Round my brow, then, a patent elestical band
Ile duetted—just where my laurels should he—
Th.tt in letters nt gold bore the patentee's brand
" MAcul►tat, the younger—the sole PATENTEE,
" Unrivalled rack-riaet —and chain artisan.
PHOTECTOR and Gum of THE SHADnWLES4 MAN!"

I looked to the sky—there was he dth in the breeze—
And the Sun shed his light and his warmth through the air ;
'Twas evening I knew by the shade of the trees,—
I looked to my feet—hut no shadow was there.
That moment of anguish—de.cribe it who can.
When with horror I shrieked " I'm a sh-idowless man!"
As by magic, I next my physician beheld,
Thrust my statue gigantic—my statue of gold,—
Like a pipe.stopper him his poke—and I yelled,
As I saw him with sneer, sly, sardonic, a:.d cold,
Cut my shadow front earth—fold it up like a fan—
And march off, with a laugh at the au...lawless man !
Sept. 92, 1829. PETER. SCHEN11111"

A dense crowd assembled in front of the New Post-
office last night to witness the first departure of the
Mails from that magnificent establishment : the Western
Mails however, to the disappointment of the crowd,
were all dispached, as usual, in the buggys or carts ;
and the exclamations of " Oh ! its all a humbug!" were
very general.
Any general observations on the abstract of colonial
proceedings is unnecessary. They go irrefragably to
establish the point for which we have so strenuously con-
tended during the last six years, that no remedy is to be
expected for the enormities of the Slave system, except
by the intervention of Parliament. We repeat, slavery
is a national crime to be renounced and extinguished, and
not merely an evil to be palliated. And to expect from
those who profit by that crime a voluntary renunciation
of it, shows an extraordinary inarquaintance, both with
human nature, and with the lessons of experience.—tinti-
Slavery Monthly Reporter.

BRIGHTON, Sept. 22.
Fitzherhert entertained another select dinner
party at the Yolk Hotel yesterday. Among the company woe,
the Marchioness of Downshire and Lady Mary fill, the Countess
of Alt!borough, Lady Parker, Mr. G. Seymour, Mr, Wheat.. Mr.
A. Macdonald, Mr. Crowther, Mr. Bruce, and the Nlaster of the
Rolls.
The health of Lord John Tow:t•hend. who, with his Lady, is
remaining at his King's-road musical. is said to be improving.
The Dowager Lady Dudley am: Ward. from Southampton, is
expected to return to this place to-morrow.
Lady Lygon, and the Hon. G. Coventry, are at the New Steyve
Hotel. The Marquis of Bona:wile azd family, recently from
France, were in its departure list yesterday fur London.
Mr. and Lady Elizabeth Dickens propose returning to their
Brunswick Terrace mansion early in the ensui..g month.
Mr. Tollemaehe, and the Hun. Mr. Howard, are among the
departures from the Royal York.
Lady Taylor and the Hon. Mr. Hagar are arrivel.
Col. and Lady Harriet Ford have been here some day.
