171F.NCH P4PZESs

-. ~• --

-VaMi`a.

.

Didier was delivered up oh the 23d of May to the
French Authorities at Chaparillat. This miserable
being was only discovered after the most rigorous
search, among mountains covered with snow. He
was concealed under some planks in the stable of one
Sibuet, ice the Hamlet of St. Jean d'Arves. He was
arrested by three Piedmontese Carabineers in. the
name of the King of France.
On searching him they found in a secret pocket,
under his left arm, several papers, written with his
own hand, containing details on the revolution which
he intended to have commenced at Grenoble, and
among others, an incendiary paper, calling upon the
French Nation to revolt against their King and Go.
vernment, which had lor its 441K—"Proclamation to
the French—Honour and air Country—National
Independence I"
THIC LATE GaNgRAL CILIA RTR A ND...-..The following
letter has been inserted in the Journal du Nord, de-
'scribing hi4e4i moments :
I beg to add to your account of General Chartrand's
exeunt" that as soon as his fate was announced to him, be said
t. the Cotpmandant at Arms of the Citadel, that ' as he gloried
In the aims of Catholic, he wished to die a Catholic, and that he
was diesissas of the assistance of a Minister to reconcile hint with
GOD: Oa the invitation of the Commandant, I proceeded
tea-
medtately to the Citadel : I found the Ex-General in the best
dhposidons, and passed Dearly three hours with him on 'Tuesday
and Wednesday morning. At his request 1 returned at five
o'clock, and remained with him to the moment of his execution.
He evinceddthe most religious and repentant sentiments, which
induced me to hope, that by undergoing the punishment due to
his crime, he had sesitfied Divine Justice. lie charged me to
convey the homage of his gratitude to the Commandant of the
Citadel. I' CHOINIART, Priest."

A letter from Lord Exisouru to the King of NA-I
mas, dated May 6, appears iu the Journal de Paris of
the 28tb.

His Lordship begins by congratulating the King
on the success which has attended his efforts to con-
cluJe a peace between his Majesty and the Dey of
Algiers. He further says, that he had received from
the Dey the strongest assurances that be would faith-
fully observe the treaty. He had given him to un-
derstand that on his good fiith depended the exis-
tence of his political power, as on the breach of that,
the resentment of all Europe would be excited aright
him ; and that they were already disposed to unite
their forces against him*, •
Then follows a letter to the Marquis of CIRCELLO,
in which Lord EXMOUTH observes that it is extremely
desirable that the money for the ransom of the slaves
should be immediately sent to the Regency, as he had
pledged himself that it should be paid into the hands
of the English Consul on the Ist of June.
NAPLES, MAY 1.
The ransom ek the slaves, and the first payment for
the conclusion of peue, are calculated at two mil-
lions of ducats. Nine hundred of our countrymen,
who were in slavery at Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli,
have arrived, and are. under quarantine; most of
the ate natives of Apulia.
