ZEFOIM PETtTIONS.

Colonel ABMICROMBIE presented a petition from a piece in
Clackmannan, praying for the extension of the elective franchise in
Scotland.

.....
Lord F.BRINGTON presented a petition from Devonshire, in fa our
of Parliamentary Reform. The Noble Lord said that the petition was
signed by several persons who for the first time had cxpresacd their
opinions favourable to Reform.—(hear, hear.) lie, therefore, had to
congratulate the House and the country on the circumstance of this
great subject having been taken up by the Government, and still more
on the fact that the a ishes of the people had at length found an evil(' in
that House.—(ilear.)
Sir T. D.. CLA ND supported the prayer of the petition. He thought
with the petitioner'', that the time was come when the question of reform
should be settled efficiently. He could assure the house that the most
respectable portion of his constituents were favourable to reform
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition from the Deanery of Norwich,
praying for a general fast ; and another similar petition from another
place in the same diocese.
Mr. M UNDY presented a petition from the lead miners of eight pa.
riches in Derbyshire, complaining of distress, and of the importation of
foreign lead ; also a petition from Kepworth, in Lelcestershite, against
negro slavery.
Lord KILLEEN presented a petition from the Protestant inhabit.
I ants of James Town, In the county of Meath, praying for a general teat,
and two petitions from parishes in the county of Meath complaining of
the oppressive burden of the tithes, and praying for a repeal of
the Vestries Act ; and one from the Catholics of Navin, complaining
, of tithes.

CONDITION OT
Lord KILLEEN presented a similar petition, complaining of the
operation of the tithes, from Rathndnes, in the same ceunty ; end af-
terwards a petition from the same county, praying for a repeal of the
legislative Union. lie did not concur in the prayer of the petition. but
he called upon the Government to adopt such remedial measures for the
sufferings of the Irish people as would convinee the Irish nation that
Parliament were not indifferent to the sufferings of that country.
11r. STANLEY would not particularly reply to these matters fur-
ther than to say, that the government was now directing its attention to
the inttoduction of such mea.tures as would be useful to the relief of
Ireland, and to the remedy of those grievances of which there was gene.
sal complaint.
Petitions orderd to lie on the table.

111;.iiiliiiiip;stnoned the sccond--- reading of the Stage-coach Act
from the 21st instant to March 1.

TITHE SYSTEM IN ILEGLATITI.
Mr. lIUME presented petitions from Winterburn and Mareh, N.
of Ely, for a revision of the tithe system. They urged the necessity of
amendment foe the sake of general goodwill, and to promote becoming
amity between the Clergy and their Hocks—views of the subject in
which he concurred ; the petitions also prayed for reform.
Mr. CA 11 P BELL denied that tithes belonged to the public—they
had proceeded from private individuals ; and to act with them as public
property would be general spoliation. He confessed he should be glad
to ace a commutation of tithes.

Sir R. INGLIS also contended that tithes were as much private pro-
perty as any other species of private property—and as such entitled to
parliamentary protection.
Mr. BENET wanted to see this species of property commuted—and
then there would be enough left fa the Church ; but he must deny that
tithes were private property, like any other species of private property.
He, however, was convinced of one thing, if a commutation of the tithes
were not agreed to, that species of properly would not long mkt.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY said, that one petition now presented from
Willingden, ERNEX, was from a parish of twelve hundred acres, occu-
pied by twenty-four persons, whose rent was twenty shillings per acre,
at.d the tithe eight shillings per acre and upwards, and which tithe was
paid to an absent rector—that rector employed a curate, which curate
also armed two other parishes, yet that parish was paying twelve pounds
a week for this sort of service. If tithes were private property, then
this was an intrusive petition ; but he denied that such was the (ay.
Re the fact as it might, the tithes were doing mere than any thing else
to alienate the people from the church.
Mr. N. CALVERT lamented that so much time was occupied in
the discussion of the tithe system, when In reality there was no gun-
tion before the house.

NI r. HUME said he was misrepresenud when he MIA held up as the
enemy of the Chinch ; he was the enemy of its abuses ; he who was
the advocate of the abuses was the real enemy of the Church. But the
complaint against the abuses was not to be attended to because it came
from him ; those who looked to the person preferring complaint, and
not to the complaint preferred, was quite itr.worohy of notice. He
maintained that the church property was under the contralti of Partin.
anent ; it had been disturbed before by the Parliament, and there would
nut be peace till the Parliament again meddled with the subject.
' ins ordeted to be printed.

NIDDLTSZX AND OTHEI NECORNI PETITIONS.
Mr. HU %I IL then presented the Sliddlesex petition for Reform,
signed by 1.200 persona; and similar petitions from St. Pancras, Fife.
shire, Lanarkshire, St. Mary-le-bone, the Incorporation of Workers,
Edinburgh, Inverary, a parish in ileofrew. &c.— A second petition
from Lanarkshire, fur Reform generally, signed by 420 permit's. He
presented a similar petition, sigred by 1,200 persons from l'unehartoti,
for Burgh and Parliamentary Retorm.— A similar petition teem
Lauder.
Mr. D. BROWNE postponed his motion respecting the state of the
North of Ireland, till March 8.
NawSPATIOL ADVEITISIUNENTI (IRV AND.)
Mr. D. BROWNE asked, whether it was the Chancellor of the
Exchequer's intention to reduce the advertisement duty in Ireland simi.
lady to what was proposed for England—namely, one shilling for ad.
vertisements under ten lines?
Lord A LTHORP was understood to reply in the affirmative.
POO. Laws.
Mr. BRISCOE moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend and ex.
tend the 119th George 111. cap. 12, in so far as rrlated to the renting
and letting of land to labourer*.
Mr. J. SMITH spoke of the benefit of allowing poor labourers to
rent land.
Mr PORTMAN also stoke to the like erect. but considered it,
however, only as part of the patching byre eat of poor laws that had been
so long adapted.
Lord ALTHORP said, that the Gunton cot was desired by many
to turn their attention to this subject. He had to reply that it had done
so; but all must ailmit that the subjtet was surrounded with the
greatest difficulties. S-ty, however, what they world. the difficulty
that met them at every point was the surplus population ; and he did
not see how there could be any remedy for existing difficulties, till the
supply of labour did not exceed the demand for it. He nevertheless
'lusted that some measuroi might be devised that could reduce these
difficulties.
Mr. CA EA RAFr joined in the opinion that the peat evil was the
redundancy of labour, and he misted that some veil devised scheme of
emiestation might be introduced to remedy the evil.
Mi. SADLER denied that there was the redundancy cf population
which some imagined ; the redundancy of labourers mei the quantity of
labour was attributable to other causes than the surplus of population.
%Viten it was known what thousands and tens of the usando of acres ye.
rained uncultivated, how could they ssy that there was a redundancy of
labourers? Opportunity n ust be affoided to tPe willing labourers to
work, before any such complaint as that now preferred about redundant
population could be admitted. M hat was said of a nelghbourbig
kingdom by the Ediethergk RI vim, proved the opinion he maintained.
In that country the population was now much mote numerous, yet duo
distress amongst Oe labourers, those in agriculture especially. was by
no means so peat as in this country. He repeated, they must look to
other muses then redundant population for those difficulties of which
they complained.
Motion agreed to: leave given to bring in the bill.
INDUCTION or SALARIES.
Lord ALT HOlt P baring L oved that the horse resolve itself into a
conunittee of sutply,
Mr. O. DA WbON adverted to the noble lord's statement on a fosses
night. as to the number of offices to he reduced, mold the noble hied
state what would be the amount of minks to hemline& 1 '
Lod ALTHORP replied he could not state the saunas. He had
aleadowei the tect, mete particularly for the purpose se showing the

.1

I

,--J

1

il„>.

/

R-

!'

‘i
,1

atusoat of patrosage reduced, whit dos IMS iho lima mats the
assent of salaries : (hear.)
Mr. DAWSON adverted to the amount oft naparefonsidood.
Lord ALTHORP added, that it wadi be easy to Mats dio goo
amount of salaries; but as be could wit AM what wen cis NMI%
r nations, the extent of saving mid sot Is stentioned.
Mr. HU3IE trusted that the noble Ind would not be In lute to do.
side about superannuation', or what bo would do with than who weft
now filling ofikes that were to be abeibbed. It would be better for the
noble lord to let a year float over his bead first, because, instead of an.
perannuating many of these individuals, other places might fall vacant,
which they could usefully filL
Lord A LTHORP was understood to say, that efforts would be made
to fill up sueb places as might become vacant with those who would
Imo office by places being reduced.
MR. O'CONIIRI.L.
Mr. STANLEY rose, he said, to notice a question that had been
put to him on a previous evening by a noble lord, whom he did not then
see in his place. relating to the state of affairs in Ireland. The question
was regarding Mr. O'Connell. and whether or not the government had
made any compromise with Mr. O'Connell. He believed that he had re-
plied in terms stating, as his opinion, that the government had made
no compromise with Mr. O'Connell and his emaciates; but that the law
must be left to take its course. He ( Mr. Stanley) had that morning re-
ceived a letter from the Attorney-Denies! of Ireland, giving a more par!
Ocular account, and which was confirmatory of the opinion that lie had
given on the evening that the noble lord had asked the question. The
honourable member, with permission, read the letter, the contents of
which stated that Mr. O'Connell having pleaded guilty to the first four-
teen counts of the indictment which charged him with violating the law,
by holding meetings for the purposes of conspiring ; that he would not
be put on his trial on the last sixteen counts. The letter enumerated
the different communications that had between Mr. O'Connell
and the authorities, and concluded wittasZing that Mr. ('Connell
having pleaded guilty, Onvernment had consequently obtained a convic-
tion, and that they would most assuredly press for judgment.
The Report of the Committee of Ways and Means was brought up
and ordered to be received on Friday.
On the Committee on the Excise Lawabeing moved for,
Lord AI.TIIOIIIP. in answer to a question from Mr. Alderman
Thomson, stated that he could not give any answer to the application
relating to the duty on printed cottons that were already ordered for ex-
portation until the alteration of the duty had been finally arranged.
Mr. HUME hoped that the Noble Lord would not only persevere '
in taking off the duty from printed calicoes, but he could also wish that
tie Noble Lord would persevere in not putting on the penny a pound
on the raw ntateriaL—(A laugh.) The Honourable Member proposed
to supply the deficiency which this would occasion in the revenue by
reducing the military establishments of the country to that amount.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM said that it was only by publicly announ-
cing intended measures that ministers could come to any communica-
dos with the parties interested. He was sensible that Ministers stood
pledged to the country to ample retrenchment, and he hoped they would (
be entitled to confidence by their utmost exertions to redeem teat pledge
—but he was convinced that if the tax on the raw cotton was akin-
doned, it must be replaced by some other tax.
Mr. TYRRELL said, he had been requested by some permits ex-
tensively engaged in the candle trade, to state, that it would be most
desirable to grant this reduction of duty, and the abrogation of licences
for candle-making, immediately, instead of deferring it till October,
as it was only encouraging speculation, and would seriously affect the
interests of about twenty thousand persons employed in the trade. The
Hon. Member said the difference in the revenue would not be much
less, as the hot months were approaching when the smallest patios of
candles were manufactured.
Lord ALT HOHP replied that he had had several communications ea
the subject with people in the trade, and they bad all agreed that k'
would be more advantageous to delay the reduction till October.
Mr. CALCRAFT approved of the duty being taken off calico, and
wished that the noble lord would substitute another tax for that on raw
cotton. He also disapproved of the proposed duty on steam.
Mr. TENNENT rose to object to a duty being charged upon coals
exported. He said that it would be a great injury to Wales, and that
the foreign market would, in consequence, be supplied by Belgium.
Mr. P. C. THOMPSON defended the duty, as a most unobjection-
able tax, as it was making foreigners only pay a price for the article that
they could not be supplied with cheaper elsewhere.
Mr. CALLAGHAN directed the attention of the house to the
bounty on Scotch malt exported to Ireland, by which that country was
placed in a situation, that although she exported grain, she was an
importer of spirits, and that the amount which was paid as bounty, and
went into the pockets of the Scotch distillers, would be a great accession
to the revenue.
Mr. HUME agreed with the hors. secretary of the Board of Trade,
that the duty on coals to be exported was a fair tax.
The house resolved itself into a committee.
Lord ALTHORP then moved his resolution that the reduction of
duty on candles take place on the 10th October.
The Report was ordered to be received to-morrow (this day).)
Lord ALTHORP then moved a resolution that the duty on sea-
borne coals (coastwise), do cease and determine forthwith.
A lengthy conversation ensued on this resolution, but the report was
ordered to be brought up to-morrow.
Lord ALTHORP then moved a resolution that a duty of Is. per
chaldron be paid for coals exported to our colonies; 11s. per ton for those
exported to foreign countries in British ships; and 18s. per ton for those
exported to foreign countries in foreign vessels.—Report to be received
to-morrow.
Mr. HUM E gave notice that he would move for a return of the ex-
penses incurred by our Ambassador residing in Paris.
Mr. JOHNSTON, in presenting a petition from BorowstonelMess
praying for Reform, stated, that the labourers in many places in %N.
land were not in a good state ; and he intimated his opinion, that union
the country obtained some speedy and general relief, a revolution would
in time be the consequence, for the people would have their rights.—
The honourable memoer made some allusions to the state of Ireland.
(He was loudly cheered by Mr. O'Gorman Mahon.)
Sir CHARLES FORBES said that Scotland was contented awl
very happy, and be wished that every other country enjoyed the eons
tranquillity.
Mr. OVOR 51 AN MAHON approved of the sentiments that bed
been expressed by the Honourable Member for Queensferry ; and ho
was happy that at last the people of Scotland were rousing themselves,
and that they began to see the tie between them and Ireland was
strongly cemented.
Mr. O'GORMAN MIA HON rose to present a petition from a person
named George Cooper, residing in Hampstead-road, complaining of a
statement that had been made in the house of commons, and which had
been reported in the STAR.
The SPEAKER informed him that the petition was out of order.
Mr. O'GORMAN MAHON sat down, merely remarking that he
had looked over the report and found it correct.
The Orders of the day having been disposed of, the house adjourned
at EIGHT o'Clock.

DEATH OF THE LATE KING.
The first meeting of the College of Physicians was held
on Thursday night. It was attended by a vast number of
the learned and celebrated of all professions. Sir Henry
Halford read a paper on " the effect of diseases upon the
mental faculties." In the course of it, Sir H. took occasion
to speak of what course he considered it prudent for the
physician to adopt towards a patient of whose recovery
no hopes were to be entertained. He said that for his
own part, he always kept in view that it was his duty to
preserve the life of a patient as long as possible, and that
tOr that reason be did not communicate to the patient hiin-
self the extent of the danger that impended him. From the
friends and relatives of the patient, however, he never con-
cealed the melancholy truth ; they had a right to know the
worst ; but if to prolong the life of a patient were the duty
of the physician, it was obviously as incompatible with that
duty as it was inconsistent with humanity, to alarm the
sufferer and to aggravate his disorder by exhibiting to his
view the awful image of approaching death. The learned
president then adverted, in illustration, to the case of his
late Majesty. The Prime Minister, he said, had been
informed as early as the 27th of April, that the seat of
his Majesty's disease was the heart, and that an effusion
of water upon the lungs was to be apprehended. This
fact, however, was not communicated to the King; nor
was it deemed adviseable, for the sake of the royal patient
that the information of it should be disseminated in any
way from which it was likely to be conveyed to him.
It was not until the month of May that he had an oppor-
tunity of explaining to his Majesty the nature of the
disease, and this opportunity was furnished by the inquiries
of his Majesty himself, who desired that be might be in-
formed of the cause of the sufferings be endured. The
King, upon learning the danger of the disorder, immediately
prepared himself for death. Having " set his house in
order," he received the sacrament, and, from the adminis-
tration of that holy office, declared that he had received the
greatest comfort and consolation. Nothing could be more
happy than the disposition of his Majesty's mind, and he
(Sir H. Halford) then betook himself to explaining, as fa-
vourably as possible, every new symptom which the disorder
presented. By pursuing this course, his Majesty's cheer-
fulness was preserved, and he died without being disturbed
by the prospect of approaching dissolution.

4
• 1

U.‘11.10 "-• • —7MNffl,4.Wf' rWk. .

ON THE DISEASES OF MERCHANTS AND MANUFAC-
TURERS-BY ME. C. T. THACIERAH.

Merchants and Muter Manufacturers, spending most of
the day in the counting-house, or the mill, are subjected,
not only to the impure atmosphere of a large toms, but oc-
casionally also, in a varying degree, to the dust or effluvium
from the manufacture. These evils are, of course,
derably diminished by residing at a distance from themill or
warehouse, and especially by sleeping in the country ; for
thus exercise and a better atmosphere, for a portion of the
day, are secured.
But most mercantile men have, unfortunately, a dispo-
sition to have their house and warehouse within a stone's
cast of each other; and five or six days a-week, they take
scarcely any more exercise than walking this shortdistance.
Occasionally, indeed, they drive on business to a neigh-
bouring town; but such exercise is, of course, very inade-
quate. The way in which men of business take their meals
is also highly injurious to health. It is far too hasty :
many seem to be always travelling by the stage, and ex-
pecting every moment the summons of the coachman. The
Arabs say, " that he who does not take care to chew his
victuals hates his life." And the adage is too often verified
in this country, by the gastric disorders which result from
a want of mastication. _

But of all agents of disease and decay, the most important
is, anxiety of mind. When we walk the streets of large
commercial towns, we must he struck with the hurried gait
and care-worn features of the well-dressed passengers.—
Some young men, indeed, we may remark with countenances
possessing rather cheerfulness and colour, but these appear-
ances rarely survive the age of manhood. Inordinate appli-
cation of mind, the cares, anxieties, and disappointments of
commercial life, impair the physical powers, and induce pre-
mature decay. The various disorders, generally known
under the name of indigestion, disorders dependent on a
want of circulation of blood through the bowels, biliary de-
rangements, contispation, and headache, are well known to
be the general attendants on trade, closely pursued.
The physical evils of commercial life would be consider-
ably reduced, if men reflected that the success of business
may be prevented by the very means used to promote it.—
If a clear head be required in commercial transactions, a
healthy state of body is incompatible with excessive applica-
tion of mind—the want of exercise and fresh air. But sub-
jects like this find no entry in the books of our merchants.
For the individuals in mercantile life who are really, per-
manently, practically, convinced that health is preferable to
riches, and who are hence resolved, not only to hear, but to
act on the maxim, a word may be said on the principal
means which counteract or diminish the principal evils of
our civic state. Exercise in the open air is obviously im-
portant; and two hours a day is as little as it claims in a
town like this. Walking should be brisk, to be efficient.
Riding on horseback is generally preferable. But, as nei-
ther of these exercises brings the muscles of the arm into
full action, an hour's labour in the mill or warehouse, or
digging in the garden, or in the use of the broad-sword,
would be a useful addition. Quoits and cricket are ex-
cellent; but these recreations, unfortunately, are confined
to youth.

LAW REPORTS.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, Fan, 16.
NINZIIVZ V. "MOWN AND OTHERS.
This was an injunction which had been granted by the late Lord
Chief Baron to restrain the defendants from parting with four bills of
exchange, amounting to 3.0001. under these circumstances t
The defendants were Messrs. James, George, and Wm. Brown, to e.
chants ; Benedetti, a merchant at Trieste ; and Morrison, a merchant
at St, Thomas's. The bills were drawn at Trieste, July 9, 1830, at
six months, by the plaintiff, who was merchant there. Benedetti, who
was also residing atTriate, was a payee, and the bills were given by the
plaintiff to him, on his undertaking to pay them according to the ens.
Soon of merchants in such capes. Shortly afterwards, however, Bene•
anti absconded from Trieste with the bills, and 40,0001. or 50,0001. the
peeperty of other persons, and found his way to St. Thomas's where he
resided with a Mr. Sufresne, his brother-in-law, and where Morrison
also resided. The bills in question at last were remitted by Morrison
to Messrs Brown in this country, as his agents, and they bore the in-
dorsements of Morrison, Sufteene, and Partresae ; the latter
being, as was stated, the mistress of Benedetti, whom he took wirrhertini
from Trieste.
Mr. Jzavis to day moved to dissolve the injunction. He said that
Mans. Brown had tents complete answer, showing that they held the
bills bona fide as th of Morrison. As for Benedetti and Mor.
risen, they were not in this country, and therefore had not had time to
make any answer, if such were requisite.
Mr. Tussles, in support of the injunction, said there appeared, in
his opinion, sufficient to connect Morrison with Benedetti to entitle the
Messrs.
to protection. He did not impute any improper conduct to
Messrs. Brown, but they ought to be restrained from parting with
the bills.
His Lordship ordered the injunction to continue until Morrison put in
his answer.
COURT OF CHANCERY, Fs,. 16.
JUDOXINT.—WIGGING V. SMILER.
This was an appeal from a decree of the Vice Chancellor. The only
question involved related to the proper construction of a will. His
Lordship said he had given all the attention in his power to the sub.
ject, and he thought that the Vice. Chancellor bad arrived at a proper
conclusion. The intention of the testator was certainly involved in very
great doubt, but he was of opinion that no other meaning could be fairly
deduced than that stated by the Court below.
The judgment of the Vice.Choneellor was consequently confirmed.
COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Fs.. 16.
BALDWIN V. DIXON.
This was an action to recover 221. 10s. being the sum paid for a
horse by the plaintiff, the horse not coining up to the warranty given
by the defendant, the proprietor of the Repository in Barbican.
It appeared, that when the plaintiff purchased the horse in question,
the defendant warranted him to be perfectly sound, and as "bright aria
star.' Shortly after the horse had been purchased, however, It was
found that there was a malformation in one of his feet. The animal
was turned cut to grass, but even rest was found to be of no use to it.—
The horse was returned to the defendant, but he refused to take him
back, upon the ground that a notice was stuck up in his Repository,
declaring that unless a horse was returned within three days, he did not
feel himself obliged to take it back.
The defence was, that the bone was not only sound at the time, but
that it was actually so now ; also that the horse was purchased subject
agest7eregulation above alluded to • and that even if the hone were
to be unsound, the most the plaintiff could recover was 61.105.
ones( the witnesses for the plaintiff having admitted that the horse was

now worth 151.
Verdict for the plaintiff.
LONDON SESSIONS, FEB. 16.
This morning, these Sessions commenced, before the Right Amour-
able the Lord -Mayor, the Sheriffs, the Recorder, and a Bench of Al-
dermen.
Articles of the peace were exhibited against Mr. Samuel Elkins,
late an officer in the army, at the instance of Maws. Smith, Payne,
and Smith.
It appeared that there had been some dispute with respect to an ac•
count Whitt was supposed to have been settled some years back. The
defendant bad been abroad some time, and on his return was in the
habit of annoying the complainants by letters and threats, insisting
that there was a sum of mosey still due to him. His threats were car-
ried to the extent that he would have the life of Mr. Smith or someone
of the partners.
The Court ordered him to enter into recognisanoss, himself in 2001.
and two sureties of 1001. each, to keep the peace towards Blr.Smith and
his partners for two years, and to be imprisoned until such sureties were
given,
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.
Mr. Andrew de Meta, an attorney, was acquitted of a charge of as.
'suiting the New Police.
At a fire which took place on the 22d of October the defendant
was requested to keep back by an Inspector named Greening, and, on
his refusing to do so, was gently pushed, whereupon the defendant
seised a piece of wood, and struck him so violently ova his bead, as to
cause him to drop his stsff.
On the other hand, winsome proved the sobriety of the defendant at
the time, and that be bad been dragged by the collar and struck, al-
though he could not move backwards, in consequence of a brick wall.
The Jury were deliberating for an hour.

A few evenings since a tea-chest, containing 4,000 pens,
valued at 161. was stolen from a truck, belonging to Mr. W.
H. Taylor, stationer, in High-street, Borough, while pass-'
ing the corner of Mark-lane, Tower-street. When the
porter discovered the loss, a man told him to go the con-
trary way the thief bad taken.
