ea tux ,isstz.vs,

LEWES, 'TUESDAY, AUGUST O.
lIITCIIINS V. MINI _
This was an action of trespass and assault. 'The
Plaintiff, Hitchins, was Overseer of the Poor of the
1 parish of Alfriston, and the Defendant a Magistrate
of the county.
Mro.MARTZTATT, as Counsel for the Plaintiff, sta.
ted, that a man of the name of Roberts, a blacksmith,
i had been sued, and a judgment obtained against bins
which obliged him to abscond. At this time he cc.
' cupied a small cottage, the property of the Defen•
dant, who is a Magistrate for the county, and a gen•
tleman of fortune. When Roberts' goods were sold
off, the Sheriff's Officer took the key of the house to
the Defendant, that he might see the fixtures. Ro-
berts' wife was forced to crave the aid of the parish.
Mr. Hitchins, the Overseer, resolved to replace her
in her house, but the defendant had placed R man of
the name of Redings in the house ; Mr. Hitchins,
however, broke open the door, put some small mat-
ters of furniture into the house and desired the wo-
man to stay there ; in the Mean time, Mr: Beane the
Magistrate, had arrived, and forcibly turned her out
of possession.—Mr. Hitchins, the Plaintiff, insisted
she should go in again, and as Mr. Beane had placed
himself in the door-way, he pushed-past him to get
into the house. In doing this, he brushed against
the Defendant, who immediately ordered him to be
taken into custody, and as no constable was near, he
declared, as a Magistrate, he could make any one con.
stable, and ordered a bye-stander to take Mr. Hitchins
into ctfstody. He then ordered him to be conveyed
to his-41:+in house, where he sat as Magistrate on his
own case ; but thinking afterwards that that was per.
haps too ninth, he the next day carried him before
his friend Mr. Harben, as another Magistrate.
These facts being proved, and as the Learned
Judge held that as Roberts's tenantcy was not expir-
ed, it was illegal to expel his wife from the possession
I'.of the cottage, the plaintiff must have a verdict, at
the same time he recommended to the Jury to give
damages with discretion, and proportioned to the in-
jury.
The Jury found for the plaintiff—Damages £lOO.
As a counterpart to this action, the defendant Beane
had indicted Hitchins for an assault, in which his
witnesses swore that Hitchins hadrushed past him with
great violence, and had thrust his elbow into his ribs:
The Jury found the defendant Not Guilty. '
There was a third action by Hitchins against Beane,
for not setting out his tythes, of which Hitchins was
the impropriator. In this action he also recovered.

The Merino sheep, which were erroneously stated
to have been transported from St. James's to Frog:
more, are still to be seen browsing in St. James's Park,
attended by the shepherds who were yesterday play:
ing at chuck with Spanish dollars.
A letter from Mauchline, dated August 5, states,
that during the dreadful thunder-storm, which hy-
pened on Wednesday last, Hugh Smith, servant with
Mr. SELLARS, of Garfield, in the parish of Mvuchline,
was struck dead by the lightning, while losily em-
ployed in the hay-field.—His head was severely
bruised, the blood running out of his mouth and ears,
his hair singed, and his countenance almost black, and
much disfigured. The fatal fluid appears to have
penetrated the forehead, from a large wound which
it had made in it ; from thence to have been conducted
down through the body, marking its progress by
singeing the hair on the breast, scorching his stomach,
and melting several of his buttons. His hat was
found lying in tatters at a considerable distance from
him. Botli his shoes were knocked from his feet, and
one of them, torn to pieces, had been thrown by the
shock to the distance of several yards.
A most extraordinary case was tried at the last Ma-
ryborough Assizes, in Ireland. It was briefly as fol-
lows :—Robert Baldwin, in March, 1782, made his
will, in which he devised the lands now in question to
the children of his youngest son ; soon after which
his faculties failed him, and he became altogether
childish, and died in April, 1784, above eighty years -
old. The defendant, and eldest son, immediately af-
terwards gave out that his father had destroyed the -
will ; and no will being found, he entered into pos.-
session of the lands in question ; and so matters
remained for twenty-one years—the whole family,
during all that time, believing that the father had
died without a will. But, after twenty-one years,
the delusion vanished—and the Defendant's own
children became the immediate instruments of
justice to the children of his brother. In the
year 1802, the Defendant's wife died—and he
very soon afterwards, at the age of 78, married a
very young woman, which caused some anxiety to
his two sons, Robert and Edward Baldwin—whose
poignant expression of this feeling so exasperated their
father, that he, in his resentment, executed his will
to disinherit his eldest son Rober —and, in his tit
of anger, sheaved it to his second son, Edward—
who instantly determined to get at and destroy it,
in order to preserve the property to his eldest bro-
ther. With this view, he broke open his father's
desk, where he found—not his father's will, which he
sought after—but the will of his grandfather, which
was then altogether forgotten in the family.—
He read it, and found that the estate, of which his
father would have disinherited his brothers, really be.,
longed to his cousins, the children of his late uncle,
John. He instantly communicated the important
discovery to his brother, and he to their uncle Jona-
than—in consequence of which, the will was, about
1. the beginning of the year 1805, lodged in the Prero.
gative Court.
When the Defendant was apprised of the discovery
of the will, he said, it was very true, his father never
did cancel his will ; but that he did it away by two
deeds, by which he afterwards conveyed his property
to him—and that those deeds were both registered.
It appeared, indeed, that one such deed was regise
teed since the discovery of the will--and both
deeds appearing foully suspicious, a bill was filed in
the Court of Exchequer—and on hearing of the
cause in the last Term, the Counsel desired to have
the opinion of a Jury on these alledged deedr— iflof
a trial of eight hours the Jury found a verdict for the
plaintiffs, with the full approbation of the Learned
Judge. By this verdict the plaintiffs, fivean number,
are restored to an estate of about 3001. a-year, or
which, for 25 years, they have been deprived by their
uncle.

MIDDLESEX MEETING.

Yesterday there was a numerous meeting of Free-
holders, at the Mermaid, in Hackney, to consider 4'f
Rest)l,l6. ns, to be offered on the subject of Parlia-
mentary Reform.
Mr. Sheritl Swim stated to the Meeting the ob-
ject for which it was summoned. It was to-take into
consideration such propositions for Reform as would
secure the reality and the use of representation in tie
Commons House of Parliament.
Major CARTWRIGHT then came forward. He sup-
posed that many had been disappointed, when they
considered the length of time which had elapsed since
the requisition was originally signed. The subject
was, however, of a nature and importance which
required the most mature consideration, both in the
manner and the time fur bringing it forward. It was
necessaiy also to consult those men, who had taken
their stand in Parliament upon the rock of the Con•
stitution, and who-bad felt and proclaimed the ne-
cessity of resisting and waging war against the wick-
ed despotism t*f the faction of the Borough-mongers;
a faction which, for their own private ends, trampled
alike on the liberties of the people, and on the autho-
rity of the King—( ilitelasuer.)--He felt it necessary,
in the beginning of his address, to take notice of what
had fallen from a Noble Lord (Lord Selkirk), who
had chosen to stand forward as the champion of the
faction of the Borough-mongers.' That Noble Lord
had stated in his pamphlet, " that no such refiner*
was necessary :: that Parliamentary Reform was not
the road to any practical improvement; that what
was stated of its necessity was not only not true, but
that it was the very reverse of the truth." He- also
stated, that all the exertions in favour of Parliamen-
tary reform, were " experiments to throw down the
landmarks of the Constitution." If the reasoning of
this Champion of the Borough-monger faction were
to'be considered, and it were to be asked, what it
was that he called " the landmarks of the Constitu.
tion ?" it would be found that he meant notching but
the rotten borough. It appeared to him, however,
that such landmarks resembled the ruins of Rome
and Athens, or merely shewed where great and free
nations had once existed, but were destroyed by, the
corruptions of their Governments—(ilmleures). Of
such landmarks there were abundance ; but they
were not the landmarks of the liberties of the coun-
try, but of its slavery—(drat applause). Our old
Constitution consisted of two branches, the Military
and the Civil. The military branch of it consisted
Of all the people of England, trained to the use of
arms, under the direction of the nobility andgenter
of the country. Of this ancient military Constitution
not a vestige now remained, and in the place of it we
saw nothing but barracks, many of which were filled
with German soldiers. Even German officers had
been appointed to the command of English districts.
He therefore considered that all the landmarks of the
ancient Military constitution of the country had been
completely removed. As to the civil branch of our
ancient Constitution, the great feature of it was the
representation of the people in the Commons House
of Parliament. Upon the principle of free and equal
representation, the people of England would be now
entitled to 655 Representatives, fairly and• freely cho-
sen. Instead of that number, it appeared however
that in close boroughs, the Borough-monger faction
possessed :',52 of these seats ; that they had removed
sett many landmarks of our liberties, and made them
landmarks of our despotism--(App/awes).—Besides
the close boroughs, there were 50 seats filled by the
most testorious venality and corruption on the part of
the Electors. It therefore appeared, thee a most de.
cided majority of the 658 Members of the House of
Commons were not chosen, as the Constitution in-
tended, by the free and fair election of the People.—
That was not the whole of the grievance. Even atter
ei,e Members bad so entered the. House, they stele
bribed by pensions and places from the Government.
It appeared by a late report, that there were no fewer
than 112 pensioners and placemen in the House ; and
that there were7B more, who, being officers in the arn ty
and navy, were entirely dependant upon Ministers, foe
he of prcmotion in their profession, and of oppor-
tunities to gain rank asd distinction t so that out of
the 658 landmarks of the Constitution to which the
people were entitled, 615 had been removed. In
Holy Writ, it had been said, " cursed be he that re.
nioveth his neighbour's landmark." So much
solemnity had been given to this curse, that k was
to be pronounced publicly before the people, and
all the people were to say " Amen !" (Loud ap-
plause:, and cries of Amen). New if a curse so solemn
was ordered to be denounced against the man who
would defraud his neighbour of a few yards of land,
by removing his landmark, how deep a curse ought
to light on those traitors, who, by removing the land-
marks of our freedom and our Constitution, had done
the most essential injury to millions of their country-
men ?—(41,/artrer.,l The House of Commons had
been represented by Mr. Burke, and many distin-
guished writers, as representing 'A Juryfn many re-
.spects. It had been lately contended, that it was ab-
solutely necessary in- Ministers and placemen to have
seats in the House, in order to give information.—
If it were necessary for them to sit there to give in-
formation, it appeared to him, that they should have
a bench to themselves, and not be entitled to vote.—
As givers of information, they were in the light of
witnesses : but although it Was necessary in Courts
of Juteice. that there should be witnesses, and some-
times culei its, yet what would be thought, if the wit-
nesses, after giving their evidence, and the culprit,
after making his defence, were immediately to enter
the Jury-box, and give their opinions on the verdict
(Loud epp/auses). By the same means which deprived
the people of their liberties, the King was also de-
prived is authority and independance, and obliged
to be dependant on, and a vassal to, the faction of
the II( tonglemongers. His revenues, which used to
, he furnished to him by the free votes of his loyal sub-
jects, were in(w• given at the pleasure ofthe Borough-
mongers ; and he was dependant upon them for every
.shilling of his revenue. If it were asked who were
those Borough-mongers ! it world be answered, that
their number was so inconsiderable, that they would
lardly fill a corner of the ball in which he was then
speaking ; and yet.they were able to impose upon his
Majesty whatever Ministers they thought proper, and
they were able to dictate to those. Ministers such
measuri as they theught proper.lt had. hoo
n cow,
neon hitherto to say, that the business of Parliamen=
tau Reform was extremely difficult. It appeared to

him. howslr; to be imlrdtVreultAilektuitt the people
had hitherto been too inattentive to their own me-
rest!. It the country could fairly exert itself, the
cause of Reform mast succeed, He had, for above
thirty ',ears, constantly denied the sovereignty of the
Borough-nionger faction. and had set them at defiance;
and yet they w*re not able to hurt a hair of his head.
He was convinced that if the people would assert
their rights, they would, without any danger, trample
upon those reptiles who had so long trampled upon
their liberties. He had heard a great deal said of
temperate and moderate reform. He conceived,
however, that in a case where principle was con-
cerned, to be temperate was to be dishonest. (Aft.
plaper waste:mum) Not to be guilty of excess was
temperance enough, and it was sufficient moderation
not to detnand any thing but what was their right,
and what Was just. The advantage's of unanimity
were often much spoken of ; but it was impossible
to have actual unanimity, without going back to the
first principles of the Constitution. He thought it ne-
cessary to make some observations on the events
which had recently occurred on the Danube. It was
highly probable that the Conqueror would entirely
sway the Continent of Europe, and that he would
offer peace to Engl..nd. The peace which he would
then offer would appear to him to be completely
ruinous to the country, unless it was preceded by a
Parliamentary Reform, which alone would place us
in a situation of security against his power. He con-
cluded by giving a variety of Resolutions, stating
in substance—" That in the year 1793, it had been
offered to be proved at the bar of the House of Com-
mons, that 154 individuals returned 307 Members of
that House ; that a large proportion of the Members
of that House were placemen and pensioners ;—and
that thanks should be voted to Sir Francis Burdett,
for calling the attention of Parliament to thesubject
I of Reform ; and that he should lie requested to bring
it forward early in the next Session."
Mr. HARE TOWNsIiEND rose to second these Reso-
lutions. lie stated that he was a farmer, and fully
sensible of the immense pressure which the country
sustained in consequence of the corrupt system of its
Repiesentation. He had a farm at Godalming,
which, if he were to let, would not bring him a
greater tent-than £l6O per annum, ands, yet the an-
nual burdens amounted to £157 IBr. The Land-tax
was 161. the Property-tax 311. the Poor-rates 471. ss.
the tax for the highways 101. the Church-rates 11. I3s.
the great tythes 391. and the small tythes 111. He
then read a long letter which he had written to the
inhabitants of Godalming upon the subject, in which
he stated, " that he conceived the bow was so far
bent, that it could goy no further ; that as to tythes,
they were formerly divided into four parts • the first
was for the Bishop, the second was for de mainte-
nance of the Church, the third share was for the sup:
port of the poor, and it was only the fourth part
which was pocketed by the Rector. The Rectors;
however, now pocketed all. He' thought that it was
impossible, that any Parliament, fairly chosen, could
tolerate such an abominable imposition and oppres-
sion upon the people." After some further observa-
tions, he concluded by seconding the Resolutions ;
and stating, that it was his intention to move a peti.
Lion to Parliament.

Mr. MALLET rose to speak more to the form of.the
proceedings than to the substance of what had been
proposed. He thought the proper mode would be to
address the King, not to issue any longer his writs
to rotten boroughs. The measures which had been
proposed in Parliament for refOrming what he should
never call the House of Commons, but the lower
House of Parliament, were most ridiculous. As to
oaths, there would be no use in them, unless the
penalty of perjury were to be attached. He consi-
dered one party in the House of Common; as equally
hostile to the liberties of the country as the other
party. It was under the Fox's, the Grenville s, the
Er kine's, and the liowick's, that the press was pre-
vented from publishing Lord Melville's trial while
going on, and he conceived it a great insult to the
people of this country, to say that they were not ca-
pable of suspending their judgment until they heard
the whole en the case. He thought there were no reason-,
to hope for any thing from the Parliament as it was
now constituted ; but that the only mode of redrt-,s
was to beseech, the King no longer to summon Repre-
sentatives from the rotten Boroughs. There were
many of them hardly large enough to hide the in-
famy of the Mayor and corrupt Corporation • and
yet these were the delicious retreats to which rich
Stock-johhers and Contractors resorted ; and from
which they came up equally prepared to serve their
country in the Upper and Lower House. As to the
aseend.lncy of Bonaparte on the Continent, he thought
that that man had never yet conquered any country,
whose subjugation was not first prepared by the cor-
ruptions of its own Government. His success might
at least teach a useful lesson to the people of this
country.

V
..... ; -
Mr. BENTLEY went over, at considerable length,
some individual abuses (erincipally in the fees in
public offices) which he thought could not have ex-
isted under a fair Representation of the People. . He
concluded by observing, that now, for the first time,
this country had no resident or Ambassador in any
Court in Europe.
The man m ho was known among the populace at
Westminster, by the name of the Green-coated Orator,
then attempted to address the meeting ; but as he
did not pretend to be a Freeholder, he was not allowed
to proceed.
Mr. WAITIMAN observed, that although there was
hardly a spot in Europe where a British Ambassador
valid appear, yet we had in this country no less than
thirty persons enjoying pensions for lite, as having
herezol, re served the country in a diplomi tic capacity,
a circi.mstance which could not have existed but un-
der the present pariiament.sry representation. He
then con.mented on the practice resorted to by the
enemies of parliamentary reform, to endeavour to dis-
cover some flaw in the moral characters of its sup-
porters, and so abuse the cause by traducing its ad-
vocates ; .this shoved only that the cause must be
strong indeed, against which no other argument could
be offered. Much had been said of the dangerous
encroachments of Bonaparte over the kingdoms of
Europe.; but he was convinced that conqueror had
subjugated no country that was not previously subju-
gated by the corruption of its own government; and
be would venture to assert, that, previously to the in-
vasion of Spain by Bonaparte, had there been in that
Country a band of Patriots b*old enough to assert, and
to demand from their Government the restoratioa of

sheir antient rights and liberties, no Vrerechman would
ave dared to disturb the security of that nation, It
was, therefore, the duty of Englishmen to assert and
exercise this right while in their power, • and they
might then set the world at defiance. He concluded
by declaring his opinion in favour of a, Petition to
Parliament.

_
Mr CLIFFORD supported the Resolutions, and
thought the only way of rendering them effectual,
would be by a recommendation not only to all the
counties, but to the parish of Mary-la-bonne, the
Tower Hamlets, the great towns, such as. Wolver-
hampton, and all the close boroughs, to adopt these
Resolutions, and petition Parliament. Thus the gene-
ral sense of the people would be ascertained, and
would be irresistible. It was to this sense, that Mi-
nisters yielded in the dismissal of the Duke of York ;
more good was to be expected from the fears of tyrants
and dealers in corruption, than from their sense if
justice.—The Resolutions were then put and carried,
with only one or two diss?ntients.
Mr. Hover WHITE read the Petition proposed by
Mr. Hare Townshend, which was adopted ; and
upon the motion cf. Mr. White it ssas resolved, that
Mr. Byng and Mr. Mellish, the Reprentatives for
the County, be instructed to present and support the
same.

Mr. BYNG declared his hearty silt-Tort to the Re-
solutions; he avowed himself to be the steady Giend
and surporter of Parliamentary Reform, as proposed
in 1793. He decidedly thought the House of Com-
mons, as at present constituted, WAS not a fair and
constitutional Representation of the People. lle
thought the Members of that House should be elected
by the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Householders
of the county, paying direct taxes to the support of
the Government, and not by the Borough-mongers.
He professed himself at all times ready to comrly with
the instructions of his constituents, whose servant he
was, as the best means in his power of marking his
sense of the honour of their good opinion and support.
Mr. Mcmastt rose, and it was some time before the
tumult of groans and hisses opposed to hinn subsided.
He said, that should thin question come before Par-
liament, he should attend in his place, and do his
duty. If the proposed reform coincided with his sen-
timents, he should vote for it ; hat it nor, he did not
conceive his constituents had a-constitutional power
to controul him to vote contrary to his own send.
ments.—(The clamour cf di:opprobati&n became /cud ant! I
kv)
Major CARTWRIGHT then Toso to propose a petition
to his Majesty ; and after it was determined by the
Meeting under the requisition of the Sheriff, a peti-
tion to his Majesty was not irrelevant to the object
of the Meeting, he read the petition, it was of very
great length, and embraced not only all the topics of
the proceeding resolutions, but a variety ofhistorical,
points so far back as the last Edward.
The worthy Major preceded this reading by a short
remark, in answer to the opinion of Mr. Mellish, on
the duty of a Representative in Parliament ; observing
that in the old law books, Members were stied the
Attornies of their Constituents ; and comparing the
Representatives in Parliament with the Commissioners
sent by the King to announce his assent to, or dissent
from, the Bills laid before him by Parliament.
Mr. TOWNSF.\D and Mr. WAITIiMAN, both profes-
sing the highest respect for the worthy Mejnr, yet
felt themselves obliged to oppose going at present
into the merits of a Petition so voluminous, embrac-
ing so many topics, or calling on the Meeting preci-
pitately to pledge themselves by signing it ; as ad-
vantage might Le ta lam of some inadvertent-phrase or
word, by their opponents, to their disadvantage. The
petition, therefore; was fur the present withdrawn.
Mr. Wavenseke then expressed high approbation
of the conduct of Nit. B;ng, and proposel the thanks
of the Meetnee to hen lin his unifo
rm support ,given
to Parliamentary Ret4m. lie sliould have been
ready to propose .t similar vote to his colleague Mr.
Mellish, had he, on this oeca:,ion, acceded to the
wishes of his constituents ; and to titan?: him for a so-
litary act of ernprietv, which might have covered a
multitude of his political sins. lint notsvi'llsemding the
delicacy of the lion. Gentleman's conscience, in decli-
ning to vote by the sentiments of his constituents when
opposed to his own, he was pretty comident if
.Lord
Ca:a ,ereagh, or his colleagues had instruc cd hint how
to vote, he would feel no hesitation in surrendering
This own sentiments in compliance to the instructions
of such constituents:. He concluded by moving a
vote of than'as to Mr. Brig, which passed unani-
mously ; and for which that iron. Gentlethan politely
expressed his gratitude.
The thanks of the Meeting were then voted to the
Sheriffs, and to Major Cartwright, who severally ex-
pressed their grateful sentiments.
The Resolutions signed by the Sheriff's and. Free-
holders present were ordered to be published in the
morningnewspapers: and the Meeting was adjourned.

STATE LOTTERY.—Persons who have bespoke
particular. Numbers at SWIF.r and Co.'s ollit:es, are
respectfully intimned, that those Numbers are now
ready fir delivery, and that if they wish to secure.'
them at the lire:cut P , they must take them be-
fore the I .)th August, as :After that day, the prices of
Tickets and shares will be raised, and if the present
demand continues, must be much higher before the
day of drawing. •
V...!sterday the body of Mr. PEAnsoN, formerly a pub-
lican,at Green-banks, Wapping, was taken up drowned
from the London Dock, and remains for a Coroner's
Inq nest.
ROBBERV AND Maxi:init.—Thursday last, as Nlr. Tomlinson,
a grazier, at Huddlesmore, Hants, was returning through the fo-,
rest, on horseback, he ww, overtaken at eleven a: night, near the
end of Ponder's-lane, by two men, also on horseback, with whom
he entered into conversation. After having rode about two mile ,
one of them struck Mr. T. a violent blow on the head, with the
butt end of a whip, which unhorsed him, and bnth began to
rise his pockets. Mr. T. made a stout resis'ance, but was over-
ppwered, an 4 they beat him till apparently lifeless, robbed him of
above 1001. in notes and cash, and rode away with his horse,
which was found in the forest ten miles distant. Mr. Tomlinson
• died on Monday last, of one of the fractures on the head. Two
men are in custody on suspicion, some country notes, indorsed by
the deceased, having been paid away by them.
' EX EC U TlON.—Yesterday William Jones, alias H. Sinclair, alias
1. Sell, convicted at the late Old Bail: •y Sesshnis oT forg...ry, wa
i executed opposite Newgate. He addressed the populace in a
speech of about ten minutes, in which he acknowledged the jus-
tice of his sentence, but declared that wlien he committed the of-
fence for which he suffered, he was ignorant of being a guilty
instrument : he hoped, thecrfore, no stigma wcrehl attach to his
name, or to his surviving relations. He heartiv forgave the pro-
secutor, and died in peace with all mankind. late was dressed in
elegant mourning, and when turned off hiA cap Was tied onwith
a black crape bandage. TM" crowd which attended on this ()eta-
aion was not excessive.

NO Medicine, to so well tAlcottted, or has better
succeeded in giving relief in ottm. rows had Czses of :lye,,
phula, than SPILSBURY's ANTI,CORCUTIc
DROPS. A trial will prove this, and convlice even the t::r.kler
aniiety of parents when the glen& become first swelltd arid
dises<ed, or the usual symptoms of scruphulons enl.trvnient ~f
stolnath in children takes place. in el uptiee cases of Seurr,
(=act, Rheumatism, and Nervous Fritation of the Stomach
bilious affections, its superinrity• has Ion; been azkuowl
The genuine Medille hat the worsts, t` By the King's
expressed on th bott,e, bill of di! tsarion, a•ld otaz,ie.r
and the &log', duty, .s p mcd in black ink. Feld
nary, No. 15, Solto-sq .ar.., London, in f •d.
dolls e botles los. and larger It s. Compounsi •
allay unpleasa It irritation, Bs.

141:sEASES Oh THE URETHR cenain Co ;plan:-t
AS 5012- Propi ictor of DA ICAN's celehr:ited
(sacra BOUGIE:, 1 Remedies, Mr. LI R informs
the Publ.o, treat hi! may, a, usual, br daily cosi .110. ti two tr ei, ?
at his house, No. 54, Frith-is reet, in cases i.f Snit•sms'
Obstruction , G!rets, &c. as well as Goraierhea, )13kiite'
rid every dis r.l,'r whs.re. serrs.cy is sa ess,stially
every patient is ir.rroderivi in a sepsara:e apartment. •1 r.
for many ears cot:friar!, himself to that d...partmen! of
and from ext.- s , and he niost flatteri4 s'ire,ss:!;;i:
er.al:lc!. to offer a method of cure mUd, of'.lcazions, g sio
eontinement or restraint in diet, and which urev,.a-; a reiapsr
Persons in the c iiintry stating their casts in a letter,
si: g a il. or a 'A. note, will have proper rtisic.i.s sent to
am runt. Fix the various sysnroms , so:
published, the t.lh edition, price 2s. rd. a TT, ;,.t:e on
the above Co:plaints, to be had at the Author's house, vl.e nay
pi..€ 4.! where Lis Lougies are sold.

The I.olill EISIIOP of CAR! .P-51.;,., to Mr. LiliNt;,
cary, CIL a toitie, Looduo.
_ _

SIR—I readily cmbrace the vpportan;ty your letier
allOrds me„ of adding my t; stimoni to that of the Laird C.i,f
Baron, in Invour of your Chlll,;(i's PATENT r,.
ZENGF.S. my rides; son having, a few months ago, Cerived airy
niaterial benefit fruns the use ()fir. lis had been unwell for :Q.
vont' weeks, previous to hi. takin.; it ; appeared pale and eraa.
elated, was languid, ,t-•d complained frt.-goers:le of pairs irs
Isis h.-ad and side. The Lord Chief Baron, who Lad
dentAly !wen him in this state, fortunately'reco:nmended to ....le
the trial of your Lozen;;es; and that no time might be
or any mi.talte might occur, in obtaining the genuine
sent ro. three doses of it. The lira of these oczasita tl
a visible amendment, and after the second dose every unplta.
cant symptom disappeared, bnt I j;:dged it tight to give
the third, as the two termer had agn•ed so nrcomnonly w,l—
hrom t!!...t time my soa h:is :seas i.t patent health, and I ce:taihly
art rilnais hi. cure wholI; to the u:ihracy of tl:e Worm Fos.
1 ht.v? since rec.-ft:mended your Lo.zenges in several
wherei:s I have the AatiifaLtiwi to gssure you, they have iv I ;rash.
been of grc;:t service. I ought to add, that from the a•urr of
the elVect proMiced by th 4.111, in my son's case, I apprehend the
complaints to have arisen trom sn obstruction be:ween the sto-
mach aril viscera.-1 am, Sir, your cbcdient servant.
Ros.--C-tstle, Dec. 7. E. CAP:USIA.

Sold, wholesale and retia, at Ciiirg and Puler's, 4, Cll-ap6iee,
LoiIon; and r,tail by most Cmi:iitiy McilijiteVendcrs, in boxes
at .ss. GI and 26.94.; and for ClLaritablt purrsca in box. a
4. eacb. •

At, Acco•mt of o,e y of that most N;.!doCille
CORDIAL of GILEAD, prepared by Dr. sfil .0-
MON, Gilead House, near Liveri 00., in Nervous and Cons
sumptive Complaints, 1:);s of ApFetite, Old Coughs, Lowans
of Spirits, &c. Cases of which are Inreunto a-inexvil fur then.
forma-ion of those affl cted with similar complaints, that no
persons, however dimprous tu.eir n n be, should
spair, bat sLek for advice aid remedies, even though they
should b: barefr of ever; other hope of r litf.
Extract of a Letter from Mr. Joseph Monk Chepstow, to Er
SOLOMON, G.lead Nouse, near Liverpool.
Srrt, Cii-pstow, October 5, ISM
IHAVE to inf( r n you of the follow;rb; case, cured
by your Cordial l'a:tn of Ci cad: Mr. LewisWilli•sms, pairret
and glazi..r, of <lie town of Pr ton, in the county of Br. con, eat
I tr a very long time labouring under an extrense lowness of•fi-is
much so that he was obliged to neglect a great part °ibis bUOilii
—he went to Ss; ansea, thinking bathicr, would be ut ervice to
him—hut to his great concern he found no relief. aftt.rv,4,h
came to Ch-pstow, his native place, st here his mother and fre:b
now livo—he complained to the how ill he was, and appelirot
dejected, saying, he thought he never should be well y
move. • I advised inns to take your Cordial Balm El Ciltad ;
bought cf me a LI. case, :sod his bro:her assured me a few hest
ay that he is now es well Rs ever he knew him, beiez, hale ste
ttslitd that it was B: lm of Wilead ouly that had restored Lira
to his usual a::d spirits.
i am, sir, ycur konthle servant, if-.:KPH MORRF.
Extract of a Letter from Welshpsiol, dated the '.:XLI of Jan. lbu7,
to Dr. Solomon, Gilt-ail House, near Liv,irpoul.

have the pleasure rf iAlarising you that a young vro.
nrui r.l the tizme of I .cwis, of the Parish of Llanlyh.n
witu
weaktie,ia. Ir. a ref appe. Flois in the if e LI and brr.vit,
aril was itr r.tilotd•to her ktf, was happily restored to hy.1:11
two bottles of your valliable Cordial, which was I:ur-
ebil,c,i ac our Sly pby a friend of the afflicted.
R. and 1. !

Th's cel.llrated Medicine is,old by Mathews and Leigh, It,
r.md, in birfles rw Four in one fanuly Soule tor
3 s. Ly is h:ci 5,5..... re saved, including duty, the ramp If
which to ars VI? proprietor's name aTlti atitlrebs in the eiTravii:i,
" Sari. Live pool," without which none arc Li

CHALLENGE.

ltifE'3SlZ.9. CURRIE and Co. Surgeons, late •.n
Majesty's Service, challerge the whole world to :rove a
single inssta:;ce where their Aledtcine and method of cc re have
fa:le lof the desired efr:ct. Ihe Fractiee of many years in ti s
inalicular lirarch of their pr,fesfeion hai oat given rite t..) eat
unwccei,ful case.

1-!ley continue to direct tivir stedi,k to the treatment and cure
of Vi nercal Complaints, and that derangement of the sy,teni,
w! k the CtlllSeqUeCCe of the p-riticions and wasteful el:uses
li.thit long and mo-t unliappil,;iorsued by the youths of both sexes:
in the one it gill be fount: to be the unfailing source of barr,r,
ness ; the other have its ravage; fatally developed to them by a di:-
tressing sate of debility, which, if not remedied, terminat.-;
itt inspotct.. These are its reit tote and ultimate effects, while cr.:,
sumptiim,,loss of muscular power, and Various nervous con:Flail:4
usc.il;y Charactt.Tkt- the earlier sta:!.s of this sclttaty vice. Mrs
sor4 languishing' under the disorders incident to such a habit, thee
treatment ,iyiniple and has never proved tmsuccessful, in :ix
ctnirse of Anne,labtMious; and much extended practice. la tiv
most obstinato and con:Plitt-at:11 cases of venereal intectinn,
obstrcctions it: tl.e methra, spusgy excrescences, Marl
callon ulcers, eruptions, seminal weakness, Elects, ms ales

S 11210.11 R ES, _
Whether recent or of lodg dot-a:lob, and which have baffled the
skill of other l''ractiddners ; are by theif present improved Ilan
truntilient,:ete'ctually and permanentlit cured, without the patie.t
suffering the .ekeiticiating pain and alarming :herno:rhage wh,r
often follows the applicatioa of the lunar caustic. In the course
years extun3ive 'practice in this metropoli.:, numerous cases
strictures liar been and are daily under tin ir art, the trs;
eradication of which are effected by a safe, certain, And exfeci-
tious mode id practice, superior to any other yet adepted.
wed: tops, relaxation, and debilily proceeding from this complii:4
is speedily removed, and the patient re_tored to sound a. d
porous health:. -Eut .where the debility has for year exit: d. A
proper per severance in their restorative reniediis, alter the s•nii-
ture has been destroyed, is indispensably requisite to revive ts
slumbering. sparks of life, and to reanimate the Constittrio:..
• Messrs. Currie and Co. tt:taj be consulted by either sex with
greatest delicacy, secrecy, atp.thonour, at their house, o.
liai ton-Garden. Patients In the eouutry are requested to s••ge
the particulars of thelr C3St., art! general 's.abit
inclosing a remittance for ailviee mediaine., when the sa-c
will be given or sent to any part of the kingdom.
To ensure that secrecy so nssmitial to their undertaki-g, t:11
postage of Letters may be icided to the account for misdiciees.
9th June,lBo9-107, Hatton Garden.

111(A-i WATER AT LONDON ERIDQE 10-IV.ORRGig.
Itilerring . . . . 4 minutes after 2.
Afternoon . . 9.g minwtes after 2.

: Printei and Published by LFVEL KENT, o`• Cr
•erhury ,sr the STAK-0/ ries, Nis. 1, tr
street. Pvh4sheti 3.!50 Lt the Sras 0111CRi ISA!
