a- "4'

• 4• • \ •
. •
• N.
• lap

VIBE MONTH4N MAGAZINE, to be published
Monday Next;-as: es. will contain some ipteresting En-
grAvings and Its usual variety of Original and useful Matter..
In puhlishing this announcement, the Editor scarcely need
avail himself of the opportunity to put on their guard that intel-
ligent portion of the Public, to whom his Unitas have always I
been addressed, against the exclusive assumptions of a certain
,sac* Monthly Magazine, the distoried aikido') of its original,
which, atter the manner of other piratical evasions to effect
kindred party purposes, is empirically forced on public notice.
The Editor of the Monthly Magazine trusts, however, that he
shall continue to remain united with his readers by all the ties
which arise trout similarity and consistency of public principle,
and superiority of literary interest; and that an unworthy And
crafty attcmpt to deceive the unwary, by taking advantage of
the title of an established Work, will be defeated by the justice
and discernment of the Public.—Bridge-street, Dec. 27, 1820.

SLAVE TRADE.

" SIERRA LEONE, N0V:,13,1820.
" I shall rejoice to find that your application to
Mr. Wilberforce will be attended to, and I trust that
that humansi,Statesmair 'will use his powerful influ-
ence in Parliainent to effect an immediate and total
abolition of African slavery. But I fear that his
Maje.sty's Ministers carelittle or nothing either about
Africa or. its ihfant commerce. As a proof of this
assertion, I need only refer you to the 'proceedings
of Lord Castlereagh* respecting the ceding of Serie,
gal and Goree to France. By the single dash of his,
Lordship's pen he consigned_ to slavery many mil-
lions of our fellow-creatures,. And the hoisting of the
white flag on the ramparts of St. Louis and Gores
was at once the signal for commencing the most
murderous slave traffic, from Cape ,131anco to Cape
Verge; that ever was seen in Africa or any other
part of the world. You can form no idea of the
great change in the people who compose the nations
in the neighbourhood of Senegal and Goree. You
may recollect with what confidence of safety we used
to travel into the empire of Damal among its harm-
less subjects, into the kingdoms of Trazars, Brahnas,
and other nations, while the British flag waved over
Senegal and Gores : but these days are gone, and
hundreds of the youths who used to surround our
tents to sell their palm wine, fowls, melons, &c. are
now chained in the slave yards of Senegal and Goree,_
or lashed together with ropes and iron in the holds of
slave ships, while crossing the Atlantic Ocean.
" Two or three slave vessels belonging to France
have been captured by our cruizers, and sent up to
Senegal to the French Authorities: the miserable
beings found on board were re-landed, and told their
tale of woe to their countrymen: the cargo having
consisted of people from several nations, their inhu-
man treatment was speedily propagated in the inte-
rior. This circumstance, together with the burning
and kidnapping system of the French slave-dealers,
has cawed the present destructive wars between the
French in Senegal and the neighbouring nations.
" You are most egregiously mistaken in supposing
that the French have abridged their Slave Trade, for
it is now carried on under their flag to a greater ex-
tent than ever. Had I time, I would give you a de-
tail of the shipment of slaves made by the Senegal
and Goree traders since my last; but this I must de-
fer until the next opportunity. The grand depot for
exportation now is Bissoa: from hence the French
residing in Senegal and Goree have lately dispatched
several vessels with full cargoes of slaves. I saw,
myself, while there in March last, a French brigan-
tine (I have forgotten the name), commanded by
Capt. Ccnyam, belonging to Mr. Mill, an officer in,
the French civil department in St. Louis (Senegal),
sail with a full cargo of slaves; and Mr. Gabbari,
the Portuguese Commandant in Isissoa, was shipping
another cargo, chiefly youths, on board a large Spa-
nish brig from Havannah. Being an Englishman, I
dreaded going ashore in a place almost entirely in-
habited by dealers in human creatures. On my land-
ing I beheld such a scene of misery and woe as I
hope I shall never again witness. It would require
the pen of a Shakspeare to delineate the horrors at-
tending the embarking and stowing slaves at Bissoa.
The screams of the females, the piercing shrieks of
the parents, the. horrid oaths of the unfeeling Eu-
ropeans, and the noise of the chains, can only be
equalled in Pandemonium itself.
o Mr. Mill's vessel landed almost all her Largo in
Senegal and Gorce, from which places the slaves were
sent oveiland, and down the coast from Joal and
Goree, by small- trading vessels, to Bissoa, which has
now become the grand emporium of the windward
Slave Trade. Mr. Mill, being an Officer under the
French Government in St. Louis, was, by his situa-
tion, enabled to adopt this plan ; but in general the
French slave-dealers in Senegal are now obliged to
embark their slaves either at Little Portendick, Joal,
or the Island of Bissoa, from which ports they ire
sent to the Cape de Verd Islands, to be shipped off
for theirafinal destination.
" How long will these scenes of iniquity and mur-
der be permitted by Great Britain ? Will none of
our enlightened Statesmen boldly come forward, and
at once insist upon an end being put to this mere
mockery of abolition ? I hesitate not to assert, that
one hundred who are now exported in this illicit
traffic endure more cruelty and inhumanity, both in
the way in which they are kidnapped, and during
their painful passage across the Atlantic, than a
thousand_ did during the time while the trade was
general. Then there were proper regulations and fit
ships to transport the poor unfortunate victims to the
West Indies; but now, while the unsuspecting Afri-
cans have committed their bodies to the slumbers of
the night, their straw huts are suddenly set in flames,
in trying to escape from which they are immediately
seized by a gang of the slave-dealers' agents, and
within a few hours safely chained in the holds of fast
sailing schooners. I have seen one of these vessels,
measuring only ninety tons, which had actually one
hundred and ninety-six slaves on board.
o By our last letters from St. Mary's, Gambia, I
find that our lawful commerce has suffered greatly
during the last year : the wars caused by the re-
viving of the French Slave Trade to windward, have
almost put an end to the gold and hide trade. None
of the inlaid traders dare venture near the coast for
fear of the kidnapping slave-dealers.
" You have, no doubt, heard of a vessel being
taken by Sir George Collier, whose Captain, during
the chace, actually stowed the slaves he had on board
into water puncheons : Sir George discovered this
villainy himself. The notbrious Mons. Dupuy, who
last year shipped so many slaves from Goree, and
actually branded them with a hot iron, has lately
paid the debt of nature.
44 Belem e I conclude, let me entreat you, for the sake

11, '

40,

„

'

of humanity and for your own interest, to draw up aI
proper statement of the Sliie Trade - carried on at,
Senegal. Gorse, Bissoa, and the Rio Pongas, and-gtt
the matter brought before the House of Commons
immediately. Either lawful commerce with Africa
or the Slave Trade must be given up : they can no
longer exist together. {4 Ik"
gill 144' 14AESISO STAR.

sLORDC(N.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1820.
Mix Ito:um:Ts' DAY.—Holiday at the Bank.

It is reported this morning that Lord HARROWBY
has resigned his office of President of the Council :
Another symptom of the approaching dissolution of
the present Ministry.

So many Members of Parliament have written to
the Treasury, stating that business. of one kind or
other well prevent their attendance OR the 23d Ja-
puary, but that they will attend as soon Vier as por..
sible, that it is inderstood to be a matter of doubt
among Minhters themselves, whether it may not, be
necessary to announce, in the Gazdte, a further Pro-
rogation to ,a later day. We would not be at all
surprised to find this measure adopted ; for it is well
known, that many of the Members, who never hesi-
tated about the propriety of voting with Ministers
on every question, have now many doubts respecting
the wisdom of their measures.

'

There is a rumour in circulation, of at least as
much importance as the foregoing :--A correspond-
ence, it is said, has for some time been carrying on
between the greater part of the Italian States mad the
Court of France, the object of which is to make corn_
mon cause with the latter in resisting Austria,
should that Power send troops into Italy. Whether
France has acceded to the proposition, is not said
but the very circumstance of this arrangement being'
though possible, goes far to shew that France cannot
have recommended the King of NAPLES to give the
Allied Sovereigns a Meeting at Laybach.
A very singular piece of intelligence respecting the
King of NAPLES is stated in letters from Paris, re-
ceived by respectable Commercial Houses in the City.
According to these letters, the Parliament of Naples
has consented to allow the KING to attend the con•
ferences of the Allied Sovereigns, and give them the
meeting at Laybach, according to their request. A
positive refusal was, at first, given to the demand of
the Holy Allies; but, on a second communication
being made, with further elucidations and additional
data, the Parliament resolved that the KING might
attend the conferences, to which he had been so
pressingly invited.
When the request of the Ames was first made
known to the world, we stated our opinion that it
would be impossible for the Neapolitans to_ suffer it
to be complied with ; and we gave as our reasons,
the possible use that might be made of the posses-
sion of the K.ING'S person, which would enable the
Allies to issue what Protests and Proclamations they

might think fit, in his name—a possibility to which
the Neapolitan Parliament can hardly be supposed
so foolish as to contribute. Such was then, and is still
our opinion. It is supposed possible, indeed, that the
Neapolitan Government may have obtained the
guarantee of France for the safety of the KING'S
person :—this may or maynot be fact ; but even had
they also obtained that of England, the person of
the KING can nowhere be so safe as with his People.
—The proposal rests on no reasonable foundation.
If the Allied Monarchs wish to speak with the KING,
they can have that satisfaction by paying him per-
sonally a visit at Naples. The one proposition is just
as reasonable as the other. Their persons will be
more safe at Naples than his could be at Laybach, or
at any other place out of his own kingdom.
Besides the reasons which we have stated, and
which are obvious, why this intelligence cannot be
received as correct, there are others whfch equally
oppose it: the KING, in fact, has retired from all
business, being now in the seventieth year of his age,'
and everything respecting the refozmation of the
kingdom has been committed, by his MAJESTY, to
his Son, under the emphatic title of " Alter Ego,"
literally, " Another Self."
And " though last, not least," there is another rea-
son—The Allied Sovereigns have no right to inter-
fere with the internal affairs of any other than their
Own States: and to send the KING to Laybach would'
be to admit that they have such a right—a doctrine
which, to the great sorrow of the exclusively legiti-
mate, is now growing obsolete, and which will never
more be recognized by the people of Spain, Por-
tugal, and Naples.

Letters from Lima of the 9th September mention,
that.the country was threatened with an attack from
Chili, but they do not state SAN MARTIN had landed
his troops on the coast. The new Constitution of
'Spain had been proclaimed in the most enthusiastic
manner, and the VICEROY had a force of 10,000 men
for the defence of the Viceroyalty.

Our Readers have already been informed of the
measures adopted by a Mr. BLANSHARD to get up,
at Northallerton, a snug " Patriotic and Loyal Ad-
dress to his MAJESTY r and that, in consequence of
Mr. WivtrA., Member for die City of Yolk, having
publicly announced his intention to attend, and

4

16444

.~

li.

irked the Noblemen, Gentlerrrn, &c. of the North
,Riding of Yorkshire also to attend, Mr. Br;i4tsumto
had, in consequence, been frightened from hit pur-
pose, and-published a notice that the said intended
Meeting was poitponed. The Meeting, however, did
take place, and the result has been such as might be
expected wherever the real sentiments of the People
are suffered to be openly expressed. We have given
an ample detail of the proceedings in another part
of our Paper. While on the subject of the labours of
the Ultras, we beg to direct the attention of our
Readers to a late edifying letter from the Rector of St.
Andrew's, Holborn, to Mr. Alderman WAITHDIAN,
end the answer, also given in our columns this day.

To the great amazement of the Anti-Queenists, The
Courier has, at length, found out, that the agitation
of such questions as lately occupied the sagacity of the
House of Peels " is one step to immorality, and con-
sequently io vice; for it lets loose the mind, and dis-
engages it from that entire restraint with which un-
tainted and undeviating modesty guarded it before.
This is neither more nor less than the first aim and art
of every seducer. He gradually introduces immorality,
and makes it familiar to the mind, for the purpose of
loosening the bars of chastity, and lulling to slumber
the watchfulness of virtue, before he can make it his
prey. But, besides the evil tendency of habituating the
ears and tongues of women to subjects connected
with depravity, it lessens their value as companions,
and dissipates their charms in society ! ! !"—Yes, The
Courier !—7 he Courier! ! inserted last night a letter.
which the Editor characterised as temperate and un-
answerable, containing the above sentence. Now, ii
the single publication of any species of immorality,
calculated to " habituate the ears and tongues of woMen
to subjects connected with depravity, is one step to
immorality, and consequently to vice," a proposition
which' The Courier holds to be true and unanswer-
able, what opinion must the Public hold of a Journal
which could sin so deeply, day after day, in spite of
conviction of its evil tendency, in doing everything
in its power to habituate !he ears and tongues of the
chaste women of England to subjects connected with
the vilest depravity?
