CHIN LAWS.

Mr. HUNT gave notice, in accordance with the petition he had just
prevented, that he should, on that day month, move for the complete re.
peal of the Corn Laws, and for the admission of Corn duty free.

PENS] 02CS-ROIr•L FAMILY.

Mr. HUME gave notice that to morrow he should move for various
accounts respecting pensions and grants to the various branches ut ti e
Royal Family, exclusive of Civil List Allowances.

REFORM ♦ND BALLOT.

Mr. HUME said he had various petitions to present for R. form
most of them also claiming the ballot—a claim in which he cordially
concurred. The petitioners were from Montrose, Forfar. Larark, &^,
Ordered to be printed.

RZIPOSM.

Lord AI,THORP gave notice, that on the Ist Match the gil‘ct;•.
mint would bring forward its measure of reform—that: would be done
'by the Paymaster of the Forces. sho made so many ineffectual aticnipts
in the cause of tefotin—(Hear.)—and to-morrow he should bring Cot.
ward the civil list papers, and state the views of government thereon.—
On the 3d March he should move for a Bill to consolidate the ra.toins
also for one to consolidate the Stamp Acts, adding that there would
not be any addititional Stamp duties.
Sir C. WETHERRLLwasked whether the Paymaster of the Forces
was a mamba of the Cabinet.

Lord ALTHORP replied in the negative; but that the measure had
the unanimous alprohffion of the several Members of the Gotermnent.
(Loud cheerio*
Mr. K. DOU LAS asked whether the measure was to he ca;.n,',d
to Ireland.

Lord ALTHORP trusted he should be excusid if he declined an.
swering any other questions should they be put, as the MI toure was io
be brought forward so soon—but as to the question, he had no hesitation
in answering that it would extend to Riotland.

ROMAN CATHOLICS OF OALWAT.
Mr. SPRING RICE noosed fur leave to bring in a Bill to repeal
so moth of the 4 Geo. I. as limited the franchise of the town of Galway
to Protestants.

Mr. NORTH said he should feel it his duty to oppose the Bill in
every stage. It was not different from that brought in by the Hon.
Oentleman last Session. Any measure foe repealing
_any peculiar privi-
leges to the Protestants, as such, should receive bb cordial suppose.
Such, however, would not be the effect of the measure of the Hon.
Member, but it would go to the destruction of the charters of many cor-
porate towns in Ireland. He should at a proper time move for the pro.
duction of, copies of those charters, and he trusted the House would
pause before it indecently cancelled charters granted by the Kings of
England.
Mr. RICE contended that his Bill was introduced for the purpose of
remedying special grievances. He therefore must contradict, although
with respect, the assertions of his bon. friend. The Bill had !sten
called for and approved of by the great majority of the people of
Ireland, and but one petition had been presented against it.
Mr. NORTH explained.
Leave was given to bring in the Bill.
VIISTAIM

Mr. HOBHOUSE moved for leave to bring in a Din for the beck r
regaladon of Parish Vestries in RaglaDd and Wales. He should nut
trouble the House with any observations, as he presumed there would
be no opposition to the motion. The BM was the result of the mom-
mendatiOn of the two committees.—Leave given.

ZSTIMATES:
Mr. RICE moved an humble address to his Majesty for certain
estimates, and among others, those upon the land and sea forces.—
Agreed to.

COLONIAL SLIMILY.
Mr. BENETT presented petitions from the Dimmers in several
parishes in Wiltshire, in favour of the abolition of negro slavery.—
Ordered to be laid on the table.

azsoam.
Mr. ICIDIP presented a peddoo farm the borough of Lewes, praying
fur Pailiamentary Reform.

TAXATION.
Mr. FLIMING presented a petition from Harobkdon, complaining
of distress, and praying for a repeal of the taxes upon the necessitates
of life. Ordered to be laid on the table.
11r. Alderman Tzeostesow presented a petition from the Ward of
Gambill, for a rtpeal of the house and window tax. Ordered to be
printed.
Lord Ge.ause presented a petition from Wigton, praying for par.
liamentary reform. Ordered to be primed.
Mr. HUNT wished to know if there ',many intention upon the part
of the government to make any statement relative to the burning*
which had taken place in this country.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied in the ne.
gative.
Mr. HUNT said be should then feel it his duty, at an early period,
to call the attention of the house to so Important a subject.
Mr. SPEAKER— Doss the boo. member intend to conelede with a
motion
Mr. HUNT replied at present in the negative.
I.OIITMASTEI-111LAND.
The CIIANCILIAPS Of the Excemetoza obtained leave to bring ie a
MU to abolish the dies of Peatmoster.fieneral of Ireland, and to loam
prate the Alan in England and Ireland.
Mr. HUME whited to know if there was any arrangen.eot contem-
plated for reguktin4the delivery of twenny post letters ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER in reply mid that the
albite' was under the consideration of the noble lord at the head of the
peat edict.
Me. GOULBURN said he had already stated that it was the inten.
ties of the preceding minion), to abolish the °Mee of Postmaster. Ge.
nerd for Ireland.
POOl IX IRELUID.
Mr. O'BRIEN gave notice that on Tuesday next he would move
for Have to bring to a Bill for the Relief of the Poor in !veleta.
The Irish Posuneeter.tteneral's Bin was read a first erg orders d to be
read a second time en Monday next.
Ur. Aid, ATKINS presented a petition from Arttn:iel. apirst the
duty on Coals carried cmetwise.—Ordered to he printed —The House
then Adjourned.
