IMPORTANT FROM MEXICO.

TAunco, JAN. 2.—An express arrived yesterday from the city
of Mexico, which:brought the following statement:—last night :A
grito was given in this city in favour of Bustamente's plan, which
has ;proved successful. The government was obliged to surrender
the place about 6 o'clock in the morning, and is completely over.
thrown. A commission, consisting of three persons, Louis Quin-
tants, Aldan, and Vales, are named to exercise the executive
power until the arrival of Buatamente from Puebla. The ministers
will be Immediately named. The resolution was effected without
any violent excesses. The president Guerrero is with a body of troops,
about 2000 men, at some distance, and will be compelled to return
to the coast.

No hopes now remain for his party. Santa Anna is gone to
Vera Cruz; the views and intentions of this chief do not appear to
be well understood, but it is believed they are in favour of Busta.
mente.

The above account, as far as respects General Santa Anna, it
will be remembered, is not so late as we have had from Vera Crus.
Letters from that place to the 21st Dec. state, that he had marched
from thence on the 19th with all the troops to act against Busta-
mente ; it was then confidently believed that Santa Anna, with the
aid of the President, who had left the capital with troops, would be
able to put down Bustamente and the Centralists in a short time.
From the Mercantile Advertiser of the 4th of February.

Rio JANEIRO, Dec. 9.—A change of ministry took places few
days ago, much to the discomfiture of the Portuguese party. A
plot by them was in agitation to declare the Emperor absolute; but
the Marquis Barbacena and some others interfering, a stop was put
to it : this Is considered u a death blow to the Portuguese interest.

NEW (humors, Jan. 16.—A destructive lire took place in. a
prmaing.stove in the town,which consumed to 4,944 bales of Cotton.
EARTIMIWIE ix CHILIACCOUnti from Valparaiso of the
26th September state, that about a quarter past two TAG there was
experienced a heavy shock of an earthquake ; very few houses
escaped injury.
LINA, SEPT. 15.—This market is now in a very miserable state
owing to the scarcity of money, and mines are:completely neglected,
the country being in an unsettled state.

THE GREEK QUESTION.
--.....-___
TO LORD HOLLAND.

MY LORD,—My second letter set forth the hardships
and cruelty of excluding the Christian population of Candia
from the benefits of that independence for which they have
made such long and painful sacrifices. I believe I stated
that the cruelty of such a measure, could only be ex-
ceeded by its impolicy. I will now prove this assertion
by putting it to the most superficial politician of the day,
whether one of the first and indispensable acts of the Can-
diots, will not be to invite either France or Russia to take
possession of the island, and afford them that protection
which has been denied by England ? If there should be
a shadow of doubt on this subject, 1 am enabled to tell
the NOBLE Duxz and Ma. PEEL, that I frequently
heard this very point discussed during my stay at Her-
mione in 1827. These discussions took place immediately
after the arrival of the report that Ma. CANN ixo in-
tended to restrict the limits to the Isthmus of Corinth.
Like the chiefs and deputies of Western Greece and At-
tics, those of Candle also assembled, and having been in-
vited to attend the first meeting, at which not less than
fifty persons were present, they declared to a man, that
nothing should ever induce them to return to the Turkish
yoke, adding their determination to apply for protection'
to France, if abandoned by this country. Is it necessary
to suggest to your Lordship that the example of Candia
will be followed by the people of Epirus, Etolia, Attica,
and Eubea ?
The more I reflect on the mode in which a question
of such vital importance to the general interests and
peace of Europe has been managed, the more I am con-
vinced that the Protocols have been drawn up by men
almost totally ignorant of the great bearings of the Greek
question, and especially the sentiments of the Greek
people. As the friend of Greece, then, and of my coun-
try, I would entreat the Duke of VELLINGTON to
weigh well the inevitable consequence of alienating the
predilection so often shown towards England by the people
of that country. And what more effectual mode to do
this, I would ask, than consigning them to their old
slavery ?
With regard to Candia, your Lordship seems to be fully
aware of its vast importance, both in a commercial and
political point of view. Ido not exaggerate when I say,
that it is in both these respects, one of the most interest-
ing spots in the world. Being more desirous of stating
prominent facts, than entering into details on this subject,
I shall conclude my present communication, by asking
what would be the feelings of British statesmen, if it
were one of these days announced that the whole, or a
part of the soi-disant expedition preparing at Toulon,
against Algiers, were to be driven by stress of weather,
or any other pretext, to the shores of Candia or Egypt ?
I have the honour to be, &c.
Feb. 27. • B.
IEIMIEBNEIMINIMIEN
A soi-disani Duke of Normandy has been spoken of
for some days. We are now threatened, with the speedy
arrival of a false Napoleon, who is coming to Pins to
claim pecuniary succour. •••Fiotan). -
