• . . • AINIMIIe 7 -,W
.: •
. .
. ..
•
•
•-• . _
I .
. .
Z./.
oiere
• ''''tioms 4‘..•'..s . , .
, .
. ..
•,'. °r: .F' ..4 . '..: ~
...
,
s7y, . • .
. . ii
t.
4,4.....,. ... ..,,...,„ . .. :
it
,-*4411"16 Vic e
. ~470..,..
91 • 1
. •t, 4101101"4W4 4 9.
‘‘ .
Voioi 1, le
. . ,
• ...DA Pr:
410 .
. .
C.714e.A.. r
'' ,), 1 •••• at; 174. . ' - . .
--1.,_ • ' -
1,1_.. .* 1 '
11.••••11, c . ,--.—:—.
. _
6 . _..

'TUESDAY, 'AP.

This day was pubished,
In One Pocket Volume, boards, price ILs; Royal lsmo. a New
Edition of •
SIIAKSPEA RE'S DR A MA TIC WORKS, complete,
feer' the Text of

JOHNSON AND STEEVENS,
With Notes, and a well-engraved Portrait, by Finden.
Published by Black, Young, and Young, Foreign and English Book-
. sellers, Taviitock-street, Covent-Garden.

' This day was priblisbed, . t
Price 6s. sewed. Volume Ooe, Pert 2.
TM ins.roitY of the POLITICAL INSTITU.
TIOSS of the NETHERLANDS, with the Coustitutiona
by which that country. bas been, and is now goteroed, completing
the first Volume of the POLITICAL. I NSTITOTIONS of the
NATIONS of EUROPE and AMERICA. From the French
of M.M. Dufau, Duvergier, and Guadet.

By 'r."E
F.VANS, F.sq.
Minted for Black, Young, and Young, Foreign Booksellers, 2,
Tavistoek-street, Covent garden.
Vol. 1. !'art I. France, may be had separately or together-with
this Number.
Vol 11. Fart I. Germany, will appear De :t.

•

Thieday was pubtishetl, h tivo. price its. isrbwitia, '
GRAMMAR of the LATIN LANGUAQL
By Cy G. ZUll)".f.
Professor in. the Frederichs Gymna.4inm Berlin. - •
- Translated from the German, with Additions,
By the Bev.
_.1011147 KBNBICK, M.A.

• .'. '• .• ... riinted for I. Mairman, Ludgate-street. .
.. .. 1 lt,s _:.• . Of whoa; algo.may be hadvlatulr publish ed,
Carto.o ilsalratar e mance Vatic,anudescripsit Angelus'M'sirs,
MbHintlecse V • ' tro. rice res. boards.
~
Vsnsiors Spe Ashtonnirragmenta Tnetlita, eum Comments.
ids .Antiquis Aim ineslltis roves*, Nods dlustravit Angelus Maius,
livo. 9s:' boards • • . .... . .
~.rsolu Lemon,* codice Gateau* descrlisslt Ricardo@ Porsouus.
Sumitibus Colle 4' tritiit- es Ca Itabrigiz, 2 vols. Bvo. price a 10s.
0• 1 1
boards. ' • . .
g, MCI RIX P6WIIONI AUreiramaas, Oro. prieilUlietis. •

B4OOKS lATE,Lir PUBLiSIIUD.
ACL A 8,5 I C A.L TOUR 'flirt-nigh ITALY.
.11. X •-; By the Rev. J. C. •EUSTACE. •
ihrth'Uditiiiti with an 'additionaL Preface by the Editor, Wei MMus.
batons as ettevarioos Quotations contained in the, Worit,i a ap of
Judy, Sc*. 4 vole. filo. pries 3/.. boards. •
Hoasi SUIPIUMICITO to EtnriArell CLAWCAL Tour is risik;
2 vole. /Ivo. grtee It. 4s. in board:. '
TRAVELS of Mum, Graod Dukie of Tuseany,throusie England,
in the Reign of Chinks the Second. Tn.whick is prefiteds .a Me-
moir of his Life, illustrated sviAlt 40 Plates. Royal 4to. price 41.45.
in boards. ' _ _ _

Tesyst.s in SICILY, Gaszcz, and A isANrA• By the Rev.. T. 8.
Hughes, fellow of Emanuel College, Canibt,itlife. Illustrated with
Engravings, 2 vold. Co. price 51.55. in boards.
Printed fur J. Idawman, Ludgate-street.

,IL

1e24.

.

the Petition had been signed by 70(10 persons. He had looked over
the Periciou, and as the language was most respectful to the I louse,l
he had only, to move chit it should be read and laid upon chetah's.
The Petition was then read, and stated that the effect of the mea-
sure now in progress would be that houses now tenanted would be-
come uninhabited, to the ruin of individual property, and the great
loss of his Majesty's Government ; and that the Parish of Betlmal-
green contained a greater number than any other Parish in the
Untied Kingdom.
The Noble and Learned Lord next presented. a similar Peti-
tion from tke Inhabitants of hide-end New.towa, signed by lOW
persons, who derived their chief support from the rftident siik
veeaiters. • The Pe: itioners were apprehensive that the advantages pos.
atmed by France fin procuring the raw material, and the lowness of
subsistence in that. country, would 'operate so as to prevent our ma-
nufacttwers in that arti.:le from prosecuting disk trade with success.
Marl FLTZ W I 1.1.1 NI preset:fed two Petitious. one front Gala.
borough, In the county of Yori, the other leorrt Beccies, iu t Itecouu ty
of Aufolk, fur the Abolition of Slavery:
The Marquis of•DOW Nal HIP. said, he was entrusted with a
P.vcition from the hihattitauts of the nisen of ll'Afact, who prated
that their Lordships vroald not.tousytit to the Lail now before Par-
liament fur the -repeal of th. Csury Laws. In v.resentinethis Pe-
tition to their Lordships, he be4,,etl
.to eipress his opinion, se:tich
luswjefe r he did with voubiderable diflideince, as ht differed entisvly

!rivith the prayer of the Petirioiters. Ile thought that money, like
all other commodities, ought to be thrown tutu the nia'rket.--Peti-
non read and laid upon the table.
Viscount CLIFDRN presented a Petition from two united pa-
rishes in Kilkentiy,-againo the Tithe Composition Act. hi his opi-
nion, and he begged tiasay a word for the Church, the tithe olinter
Was placed in a worse situation that' the tithe receiver. But there
WAS a pamphlet on the subject—and he would reeonom oil it to
their Lordships' perusal, which would only c.ist,eme shiring—well
worthy of the •Ittt:ntion of every one. 'llte situation of the.peasautry
in Ireland was siorse than the Alessinian Helots.
The Al:aqui:sof IWWNSIII Rif. thought if the Bishops resided
on their dioceses, and the Clergy in their parishes, much Or the evil
now complained of might be remedied by the Rstablished Church.
Paul DARNLEY rose to complain cf a misrepresentatiOn in (he
Public Aspen, which referred tea Petition he had lately presented
to the House. In all the Daily Newspapers he bad looked into
except indeed The Star) the Peti.not wai stated to have been
presented from the Isle of Thanet, whereas it came front the pa-
rishiouers of St. Leonard's, Shoredifcli ; and their Lhrdships must
he aware there•vnts a Ale distance between the parish of Sh ore_
ditch and the Isle of Mattel ; nor did he know to what nii4colicep-
tion sound (hook persons who were below the bar could mistake
the one fot the other. When, however, he considered the Olean-
oath:lmes such foetsons-we:re subjected to, he was more surprisail at
the accuracy of theist reports. in general 'than astonished at their
failure in soy particular. It was nut.his intention to make any pro
petal on the subject at present, but if their Lordship* did not intend
to. exclude persons front below the bar, which Was often crannied
to excess, it might be proper to afford more facility to the persons
who reported their proceedings. Me was the more anxious on this
subject as he bad aoluestion of great importance to bring forward
on Thursday next, which he could Wish not teiiitv so reported a. to
produce the reverse front what he intended.
Upon the motion of the Earl of SlarrEszt:r.v, the, Union
Repeal Duties Bill was read a third time, passed, and messaged to
the Gnomons.

TO BUILDERS, CARPENTERS, Ste., -
CAST MON RAIN WATER PIPES. Gutters,
Balconies, Viranclas, .Cantaievers, Palisading. and Sash"-
Weights; Stable Post liamps,'Cllis, Mangers. tidy Racks, Gratings,
Air Bricks, and Mr Traiik, bf kll sizes ; Skylights and Skylight
Tiles, glazed or unglazed; Cast Iron humps, with Pipes, &c.
Machines for raising weights; lAght Ornamental Fencing for Cot-
tages Omit; Sheep,•Cattle, and Ox Hurdles, with every deurip.
tion of Article in Wrought. or Cast Iron, for Buildings, Ste. are
constantly on Sale at 'LEES, C.OTTAM, and HA LLEN'S Repo-
sitory, Mosley-street, Oxford-street, and Cornwall road, Stamford.
street, Lambeth. . •

a

The Earl Of LIVERPOOL waved a Committee of the whole
House on the abovenientioned Lai, when it passed throuLli the
Committee, and was reported without any amendment.
Ths Earl LI vEttrbol,. then moved the second reading of
the laiatr Roads
Earl DARNLEY did not rise for the purpose of opposing the
in itapreeetti stage, but objected to.its being committed for to-
morrow, unless the debate would be taken in an ulterior stage.
The Parrot' LIVERPOOL pressed the necessity of proceeding
!with the Bill; great care, he observed, had been taken in drawing
lit up; and ha object was of great importance to the peop:e of Ize-
L Land.' Wedastaday would be an Mecum:dent day for the discussion,
and oa Thursday their I.ordships were occupied in conTidering the
'state of Ireladd generally. All that remained to be done, therefore,
was, to let the kkli be committed fur ro-morrcw, with an under-
staiWing that objections might be taken by Noble,Liords on P!..d.iy.
The Bishop of CHESTER felt great pleasure in presenting a Pe-
tition from the Inhabitants of Chester for the Abolition of Slavery.
He added that be hoped men of all colours would be gradually
emancipated from a state of slavery, as nothing was more likely to,
contribute to the general harmony of his Majestra dominions.
Ni. Jo/assort, from the Office of the Chief Excretory of Ireland,
presented an account of the First Fruits derived in that part of the
United:Eingdom, pursuant to an Order of the House.—Adjuutned.
• HOUSE OF COMMONS.
•
The Stumm took the Chair at (out &clicks
A Bill was brought in for lighting the Towns of Greenwich and
Deptford with Gas, which was read a first tithe; and ordered te be
read a second time.

Sir IL SHAW presented a Petition from the Chamber bf Com-
merce of the; City of Debfin, against the Canals' Bilk—Or-
-acted to be laid on thetable.
Mr. MUNDY presented a Petition from the Borough of Derby,
against the Alien Act.--t-Ordered to be printed.
• Loed• LOWTIIER patented Petitions from several places in
the County of Weatmorlind, praying fur. the repeal of the Duty
ou Coarse Wool.
Mr. LYGON presented a Petition from the licensed Victual-
lers of the Borough of Kidderminster, playing for the repeal of
the Duty on Excise Licenses.
Similar Petitions were presented from Ely, Eye, and Bromley.
Lord STANLEY presented a similar Petition front the Licensed
Victuallers of the town of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster.
Thele Petitions were severally ordered to he laid on the table. •
Mr.•CUR WEN presented a Petition from the Town of Pet-
worth, against the Hides and Skins' Bill.—To be laid on tke table.
Lott' LOWTIIER presented two Petitions from Kirkby Ste
phen, and another place, in the County of Weqmorland, praying
for the Abolition of Negro Slavery in the Colonies.
Mr. C. GRANT presenteda similiar Petition from Kelso.
Mr. CUR WEN presented a similar Petition from the County of
Cumberland.
Mr. C. PELIIA M presented a similar Petition from the ito-
rougg of o,suiston.
Mr. KENNEDY presented similar Petitions from Perth, Scone,
and another place in Scotland.
Mr. DUND AS presented a similar. Petition from the Borough
of Guisborough.
Lord tiELG RAVE presented a Petition from the City of Che.
ter, praying for the emancipation of Negro Slaves in the.We.t In-
dian Colonies.
BUTTERWORT !i presented a similar Petition from the
county of Lancaster. •
Lord NUGENT presented a Petition from Odiham, Iu the
County of Bucks, praying for the gradual abolition of Negro Slave ry.
These Petitions were severally ordered to be printed. •
Mr. !JUDIE gave notice that he would, on Thursday next, move
for a Beam of the number of Slaves in the poss.:ssion of GOVVI n-
-1
ment In the different Colonies.
Mr. HUME presented a Petition. front certain Practitioners of
the Law in the Royal Burgh of Nlenttose, prating for a repeal of
the /hay on their Licenses.—Ordered to be laid on the table.
AIX. JANES presented a etit:on from the Journeym n Boot
and Shoemakers of Penritlf in the county of Cumberland, praying
Jot the repeal of the Combination
•Mr. Alderman WOOD presented s similar Petition from certain
klurtu4Yrnsra•Baiii-fnundersofoe City cf Lor.dun.
Mr. LAItIBTON presented similar Petition: from the Journey.
won Boot .mti_Slioestakers 'of the town of Sunderland.
Mr. HOME presented similar Petitions troth the Journeymen
IfCareeoteisof tlea City of Loudon, the Journey men Tailors of Glas-
gow, and the Stocking Makers of Novick.
.Dar.,HOBUOUSIC presented sitraar Petitions from the Jour-
.fteyuito Smiths of-tbe City of London ; of the City and Libeay of
Westinftaster ; of the Borough of 6.)ieliwark ; and of the County
of Middlesex.-;--These i'etltions w.re severally ordered to be re-

(erred to the Committee on Artisans.
Mr. 1.. KfiCK presented a Petit:lug kern the town of Hinckley,
ill do County of
_Leicester, praying fir the repeal of, the Douse
and Wihdotir Tax. ' • TA: • .
Mr. SY loiS presented a l'etition from certain shopkeepers of the
rhalitt O()Kingstensupon.Hull, compbinieg of the !louse Duty as It
Yrtfcctedtitose dwelling-houses to which shops were: attached.
'Mr. Cl/Arius,. Ur. Brent, ?4r. W. h:,atati, and Sir.' C. Pitiman
severallfsepiorted the •

.

- -
LYRICB SKVBN a.P MN C

• -
Mr. CA LCRAPT pretested a'Petitiout from the inhabitants of
Warminster, praying for the repeat of the Moeided Taxii. •
Mr. HUME presented a similar Petition from the Airchants
lend Burgesses of the City of•Perrh.—These Petttiona were seve-
rally ordered to be printed.
M. WOOS OUSE gave notice that tie would move bn Thurs-
.
day the 6th of May, for the colitiosation of the ealstiOgilicties on
Salt. in ord r to facilitate the removal of some moreotisktionihte
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a Petition from several pael7hei
in the County of Kilkenny in Ireland, 'complaining of the Tulle
System, and in particular of the Act passed in the last Session of
Parliament respecting the Commutation 4. Tithes, *Mich theys'a‘id
would, if carried into effect, iticreuse the Mathes of the Tithe
System.-0.-dered to be printed.
Mr. Alderman C. SAI f'l ll presented a*Petition front the Ili.
rough of St. Al'ian'-t, in favour of the County Courts Bill. Ordered
to he bid on the t;blt.
,Air. S. R ICE,presented a Petition From Limerick Against the
repeal of the Linen Llounties.—Ordered to be Lid on the table:-
-Mr. MANNING presented a Petition front the London LVock
Corn:may against the St. Katharine's Dock Bill.—Lieferred to the
Committee on the said BM.

Air. CA I.Cit A FT presented a Petition from certain Dissen•ers,
inhabitants of the Borough of Wareham, praying tope relieved from
certain exclusions to which they are Auh'iect.—thdered to be hid
on the table.

Sir W. I SC ILBY• presented a Pitition from the parigi of !icirth
Sotton, in the county of praytna fur the repeal ef the COalt
Duty on Coalc.—Qrderetl to he Frinted.

ALILN LILL.
Mr. Secretary I'EEL s a.i, a, there was a great deal
of business before the Ijouse for that evening, and
amongst the rest the Cfunniittee on the. :Tien Bill, he
would now [impose that ti.e Bill should he suffered to
go through the Committee without di •enstion, and that
the debate should be taken on the third reading, which
he intended to fiz for Fiiday or Monday nest.
The House then went into a Committee on the said
Bill, and
Mr. HUME moved as an amendment, that the term
of the Bill should be limited to one year, insteadof two.
Mr. Secretary- ['EEL said he could not asseist to the
lamendMent, and he hoped the Honourable Gentleman
'Would not persist in it. .
Mr. C. H. HUTCIIINSON said,.he was so decidedly
hostile to the'Bill, that he cculd riot allow it: to pass
through any stage without exrressing his opposition;
and he should, deliver his sentiments upon the whole
question at length on the debate on the third reading.,
Lord NUGENT concurred with his Hon. Fliend in
his decided hostility to the Bill, and recommended his
Hon. Friend behind him Plr. Hume) not to press his
amendment, but to text ye himself for opposing the
principle of the Bill on the third reading. -
Mr. 11011 HOUSE hoped his Hon. Friend would not
press hivamendment, for he wished it to be shewn that
those on his side of the Ilouse who opposed the Bill did
so from hostility to its principle, and that they would
have no interference in the details of a measine so tint)...
roughly objectionable that no amendmeet ot. its provi-
sions could render it at all palateable.
The amendment was then put and negatived without
a division ; and the clan-es having been severally read
and agreed to, the House monied, and the Bill was.or-
dered to be reported to-morrow (this day).

-- - -
The House theri resolved itself into a Committee of.
Supply.

WINDSOR CASTLE. - • ' •
The CIIANCELLOR of. the EXCHEQUER said,-
/re had on a former occasion stated it to be the inten-
cull of his Majesty's Government to ask the House to
grant a certain sum, which appeared to them to coMe
fairly within its means, (or the purpose ofmaking,some
alterations and effecting certain r epairs".its- V‘itulsor
Castle. Ile had then stated that the sum which.it was
proposed to apply to these. purposes would amount to
about 300.0001. and that he should call- upon the PO--
jiament in the present. Session For an advance of half
that sum. It would, •he conceived, be unnecessary to
trouble the Committee witlea repetition of the grounds
which were stated by him at that time, as those on
which his Majesty) Ministers bad thought it sould be
proper that this venerable structure should hecompleted
on a scale of magnificence and splendour commensurate
with its original design, and becoming the residence of
the Sovereign of' this country. It would, however, he
necessary to state the mode in which it had been thought
proper to propose that the sum for which he was about
to move should be applied. One of the first objects iir
view was to increase the personal. comforts 0 his Ma-
jesty, who had expressed a ,tyish to make that } lace a
more permanent residence than he had hitherto made
it. No man who had seen that part of the Castle 4ppro-
pri.ited to the private use-and occupation of his Majesty,
but must be aware that it was extremely inconvenient ;
and there was no person who was.aware of the particular
inconveniences which those apartments I resented, who
could be disposal to deny that it was tit, that.as a Palace
chosen to be the permanent residence of the Sovereign,.
it shouli not be left deficient in anything that might
conduce to the domestic ease and personal comfort of
Lis Nlajeay, from want of a supply of funds to procure
it. That, then, sees the first object they had in view. •
It was also very niateiial that there should be nrin'es
better a:cess than was at present to be had from that .
part of the Castle which was appropriated fur the pti-
vateuse and residence of his Majesty, to that which was
set apart for the purposes of State. No person, he .wets •
convinced, would deny that those state apartruents.ongl.t
to be kept in a pi oiler degree of splendour and of mag-
nificence. A part of the sum required would therefore', •
if granted, be applied to their improvement. Some rei-
terations were also required in the exterior of the Castle.
The Committee were aware that at -various time,
:Wei:kris and alterations had been made in this respec.r.
They were not, however, stic:r as were suited ei.lrer to IL.
age or character of the building, and• had been in .trc..:
rather injurii.ts than st.rviceable to itsgeneral appear.-c-.
It would therefore be found necessary to remcsee rcvnal
•of those unsightly alterations. Considerable prep.:es; .
had already been tirade is removing certain r,ffices in•
(tire vicinity of the Castle, v.:rich were the ino t incoiss" . •
:nous appendages that could be attached to such .1
t
utheil
view of
of itillice,Lootfincge sp,s7‘a•elrkei
!soon- : situated
,istiacs
it
aon.icir.t.terc
o:ip;:
the
ass;iltrgonlit6actic bnececiroaft
ue. There %%eft•
other building; of a similar nature to those he had ju-t
thatel:sll,-.;ol.,:che:veLd not dwell up,,
would be equally necessary tit_
.
rnpetuemolncthivoise;ebdtit,tret:iii:irdivtirair:
jiic.tcyrliotoiit.
rt would be necessary to
:It:es:from the.prosent owners. .
;re
A part of the re' Davy rep fhcccfore be de-
.d would •
'•••• .
'IV.Y.Cd to tills object..l.l.lC mauvemauve observation WQUid irk. •,7 ..
- i•
~ • ,
-.• . .
• ' IS*" 1'
.
- .
. .

r

fl
i~

•

.
.

~ ~
~•

...

.

1

9

iI

Mid.•••=mri..ii..m.......i.....1.

~'
:~
'~,

_L---

•

~
~.
