THE ALGERINES.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY II
A Corre<pondent has favoured us with the following
extract of a letter from Malta, dated the 9th ultimo:
a The Naiad frigate, Honourable Captain Spencer, is
arrived here for repairs, and to wait further orders. She
has been blockading the port of Algiers with the fol-
lowing ships: the Revenge, Ti ibune, Glasgow, Cam-
Winn, Phaeton, Maitin, Chanticleer, and Wea-
sel. No doubt you will have heard of the licking the
Naiad gave an Algerine polacre, or corvette, of 20
guns, on the 31st of January, in company with the
Cambrian. Captain Spencer, float motives of policy,
allowed her to drift into the Mole, in her shattered con-
dition, previously taking out ail the Spanish captives
found on hoard her, and her Captain; being thus the
happy means of rescuing seventeen fellow-creatures
from the ignominy of perhaps perpetual slavery. Six-
teen of the Algerine crew were carried on shore killed;
the vessel, though much cut up, is undergoing repairs:
she exhibited the appearance of a wreck after the
rough trea.ment sire received, which had the desired
effect of exciting considerable sensation amongst the
inhabitants of the warlike city of Algiers,' insomuch
that an avowal of the nature of the commencement of
hostilities with England was peremptorily demanded of
the Dey, by tire .I:miss:ilk-, his Highness having studied
to conceal the cause of so unexpected an attack on our.
pat t, being fearful it :night cost him his head. From
information we have subsequently obtained relative to,
the war, and his Dighness's sentiments on the subject,:'
we find that he is determined to prosecute it, saying, if
it is destined that be is to suffer decapitation, it will be
more glorious that the event should occur in war than
in peace; anticipating, it would seem, that he is not to
die a natural death ! Ile keeps himself-closely immured
in his palace, which is strongly fortified with three tiers
of cannon; and, what is somewhat singular, he has not
stirred outside of it since his accession to the Govern-
ment in 1817. The Arab forces are called in, and a
constant watch is kept at the batteries night and day.
Great preparations are making by the enemy, to pro-
vide against another attack from the British, such as
strengthening and augmenting the fortifications, &c.
When reconnoitred by the Najd, they were observed
to man the guns, and shot were occasi'nally fi.ed at the
ship. Their ships are all in a state ready fur scuttling,
on the appearance of an armament from England,
which they fully expect.
We are quite at a loss to know bow the matter will
terminate ; the origin of the war seems of so frivolous a
nature, that we scarcely think our Government would
be disposed to carry it on with much vigour, which
would be unavoidably attended with an enormous ex-
pense, and the loss of many valuable lives; yet it is not
probable Ministers will concede anything they have once
demanded, as that would indicate a want of firmness,
and would unquestionably have a tendency to incline
that faithless race, the Algerines, to imagine we were
intimidated by them, and consequently render them in-
supportably haughty and overbearing. It is obvious,
however, that a fleet w ould suffer severely, in the event
of a second experiment being attempted upon their im-
mensely strong stone walls. It is said by those who pre-
tend to be judges, that an at my of 15 WO men would
be sufficient to raze the city of this horde of barbarous
predatory vagabonds to the ground. However, I think
it must la; admitted that they are not so much to blame
in the present instance ; the bone of contention being in
our Government insisting upon the Consular flag being
hoisted on the Consul's town as well as country house,
and a compliance with the former they say they will
not on any account suffer, it never having been the prac-
tice with them at any former period for Christian and
Mahometan colours to be displayed in any of their
towns : every odier t. rm proposed they readily acceded
to. 'Lire Dey is s.t d to be a stubborn determined sort
of fellow, though somewhat pusillanimous, if it may be
inferred from his .reclining to receive Captain Spencer,
of the Naiad, with his side as ins on, when an interview
was solicited; and that Officer was under the necessity
of returning on board witiront seeing his Highness, as
he would not appear out of his proper uniform. The
Dey, however, conceded this point afterwards. The
Naiad has captured, in company with the Revenge, a
vessel from Leghorn, bound to Algiers, laden with ca-
bles, velvets, &c. and the Cambrian and Naiad, a few
days ago, cut out from under the batteries at Bona, a
ship laden with wheat, expressly for the Dey, both of
which vessels are arrived at Malta. There is a brig of
war at Burnt, moored head and stern, and %%ell protected,
which it is intended to destroy shortly.
" P.S.—We have just heard that the Dey of Algiers
has tirade the required concessions, consequently there
will be an end to the war."—Harapshire 7 ekgraph.

TI IF. li'AT NI NG STAR.

LON DON.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 182-1.

THE FUNDS.
STUCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened at 964, It, fur the Account, and 96A, for Money ;
and for next Account 9ts j, L, with little doing in the early part of
the morning; bat about eleven oclock, one of the first Brokers
began to sell lar‘ely, and Cons. immediately full to 96 to (sellers).
FOIiEIGN FUNDS.

&mth American Securities appear heavy this morning.
Current Prices :—New Spanish 15 :o 4, Old to 1, Russian
97 to 4, Chihalt 81 to 4, Mexican Scrip 7 to 4, Austrian 974 4,
French 184, Alliance Shares 174 to 18, Colombian Scrip 14 to 4,
Colombian 86 to 4, New rfthS:4:lll 996 to 4, Old 984, Greek 4 to
disc Irish Shares 1 to 4, Palailium par, Manchester par to 4.

FOREIGN EXCHANGES.
AMSTERDAM, M.t. I' I 4.—On London, 59. 6. 2 M. 59. 4.
ICE Ut STOChS ()NE O'CLOCK.
3 per ( ent. Reduced 951:2 'Vs
:5 per Cent. Cons. 961 A :vs 9(3 Vs
4. per Cents Assented 101 'V; :Vs
4 per Cents. New 108% 10773
Bank Long Ai:F..22A 15 16—India Bonds 765.
South Sea Stock 10S Y 8
Et.clieq. (1.:1,000) 3Ss.l6s.—Stnall 395. 475.
Consols tot Acct. f:6',.(2

Advices from Lisbon, on which we can rely, con;
win an account of an insurrectionary movement made
in the lacer days of April, by the partizans of the
Queen of PoturucAL and the Pi ii:ce Micuet., to over-
turn the present Government. The Ministers being
apprized o: it, to:,k the necessai y means to counteract
the designs of this Uit:a party ; and when the last
accounts left Lisbon, on the Ist of May, the KING'S
