WEST INDIA PROPRIETORS.

Yesterday a General Meeting of West India Planters,
Merchants, Annuitants, and others interested in the Bri-
tish West India Colonies, was held at the City of Lon-
don Tavern, on important business connected with their
affairs. The Meeting was very numerously and respect-
ably attended. At half-past one o'clock the Chair was
taken by C. It. ELLIS, Esq. M.P. supported by
Mr. Keith Douglas, M.P. Mr. C. Grant, M.P. Mr. Manning,
M.P. Mr. Pares, M.P. Mr. Watson Taylor, M.P. Mr. Birch,
M.P. Mr. John Fuller, and a large body of the Merchants and
Proprietors interested in West India property.
The CHAIRMAN said, that before they proceeded to
the regular business of the dav, it would be as well to
dispose of a qaestion on which there could not possibly
arise a difference of opinion—he meant the addition of
names called for to increase the number of the Standing
Committee.—The names of a number of Gentlemen
were then added to that Committee: among others,
The Earl of Harewood, the Hon. W. Lascelles, M.P. Lord St.
Vincent, Lord Saltoun, Right Hon. Sir George Rose, M.P. Joserh
Birch, Esq. 11.1".. W. It. Keith Douglas, Esq. M.P. John Irving,
Esq. M.P. John Gladstone. Esq. M.P. Philip John Miles, Esq.
M. P. Edward Ellice, Esq. M.P. &c. &c.
The CHAIRMAN then said, that in consequence of the
very general opinion of the present alarming situation
of the West Indies, he had ordered the present Meeting
to be convened. He had also called together the Standing
Committee, to see what measures were best to be pro-
posed. It had appeared to the Committee, that the
misrepresentations as to the state of their slaves, and
the calumnies cast on their masters, called for a solemn
protest against the attacks made upon their property.—
This appeared the more necessary, from the conduct
of the Government and Parliament, and the attacks
made upon West Indian property, which had been ac-
knowledged and recognised as solemnly as any other
species of property whatever. It therefore appeared, that
if it were thought necessary to interfere with that pro;
perty, full compensation ought to be made to them. It
also appeared to the Committee, that the protection of
their property could not be better guarded than by a
petition to the King, from whom, by grants from die'
Crown, they derived their lands. Triey also thought,
that in the present distressed state of the West Indies,
they could not but look up to the King, whose voice
might remove the exaggerated expectations of the Ne-
groes, and remove the well-grounded fears of their
• masters. With this view had the Petition been framed.
These two objects seemed to be of such paramount im-
portance, that they had carefully abstained from other
matters, upon which they might well have animadverted.
He should occupy no more of their time, but would
read the Petition to his Majesty.
The Petition touched upon the general topics of the
Chairman's speech, and it prayed his Majesty not to
sanction any Acts of the Legislature which would in-
fringe on West India property, unless a fund ue:e pro-
vided tbr full and fair compensation.
C. N. PALMER, Esq. took the liberty to propose the
Petition for the adoption of that numerous and highly
respectable Meeting. He was pleased to find that all
points of irritation and difference of opinion %vete ex-
chided from the Petition, and ever)thing that might
be seized upon by stirei tidal humanity. He sas glad,
too, to find that the PJ:ition was coutined to full an.i
fair com!..ensation. The Petition would teach their op•
ponenis a lesson of temptrance and *limier:l6on, which
Must always ensure success to every just cause. He
never despaired of the West Indian CA nits, a last the%
were true to themselves, and never would, until they su..-
feted their feelings to get the better of their judgment.
G. W. TavLon, E.q. M. P. seconded the motion.
This v as nut a time to enter into an enlarged discussion
on the sul-ject, al.cr ti-c v ise and feeling declaration in

his Majesty's Speech ; and he hoped thit giais'erit
would temper zeal with justice and uscideratidn.
Mr. CARkiNdTON should enter into a short review of
the causes of their present sittlation, but without tres-
passing on the bounds of moderation. The direct ob-
ject of the Petition Was to apply to his Majesty to pro-
tect their rights and property. He depieeated the duet;
ference of Parliament with the West India Colonies, the
evils from which had been ably and truly predicted by
those best acquainted with the state of our possessions
in that part of the world. These predictions were die
regarded, until in one night a limn iSbing and beautiful
co.ony was put in a state of horror and Antis. Even the
grossest calumnies had been cast upon the colonists, and
the cause of the insurrection was misrepresented. That
it proceeded from the interference he had alluded to,
he might appeal to a gallant Officer and a Learned
Gentleman, to shew that at the place of execution the
slaves made not the smallest complaint against their
masters. These facts proved beyond a doubt that a
course of interference, such as the Slave Registry Bill,
was a course of the most imminent danger. No prin-
ciple was so true, as that property so violated was entitled
to the fullest compensation. He repeated, that neither
in Demerara nor Barbadoes had the unhappy Negroes,
even in their dying moments, uttered any complaints
against their masters. He presumed not to point out
that course which ought to be adopted, but he recom-
mended unity of action, and cordial co-operation in
their exertions. He was persuaded that investigation,
as far as it had gone, proved most fully the falsehood
of the assertion, that no steps had been taken to ins-
prove the moral condition of the slaves. The steps,
perhaps, might not be so rapid as had been expected; but
though gradual they were not the less sure. The re-
medy for these evils, he considered, must be by re-
tracing the steps by which the Colonies had been thrown
into confusion and dismay ; but that was a subject upon
which he must touch with caution. Let them then
never lose sight of the principle of compensation, though
they had been somewhat :;low in asserting tha! r fight. He
trusted that the Petition would be the means of tran-
quillizing the Colonies, and of removing that state of sus-
pense which to him was more dreadful than an) certainty.
Mr. MAYERS thought it strange that a Meeting of
' that body on so important a subject had not been con-
; vened before that day. To the Chairman and Mr.
Palmer he felt the greatest gratitude: formerly he had
been struck down a ith dismay, but now he was full of
hope and expectation ; and he would do all in his power
; to strengthen the union which at present existed among
them. The constitutional declarations in Parliament
also insp(ed him with confidence; but let them not
forget that they had to contend with the subtlety of the
serpent, and though they had scotched the stake, the
reptile was not yet dead. He must say that the occur-
, rences of last year were unparalleled in the history of
this country. The vilest calumnies had been bandied
' about from one end of the country to the other against
them. They ought to have refuted those calumnies,
and have shewn that their distresses had been fostered,
if not caused, by Parliamentary interference. He would
charge the Colonial Department with having precipi-
tated the Colonies into confusion and violence. Such a
charge might lead to unpleasant discussion. Mr. Wily
berforce and his party entertained what they had now
acknowledged to be groundless, that there had been an
illicit importation of Slaves into our West India Islands.
On this account they introduced the Slave Registz y
the great cause of all their evils. He wished that papers
respecting the Negro Insurrection in Barbadoes would
' be moved fur in Parliament, and they would shew that
! no blame was to be imputed to the planters.
Mr. HIBBERT rose to explain airy he did not go
' largely into the subject. It had been agreed at the
Committee to go no farther into it at present than had
been touched upon in the Petition, which he hoped
would be immediately signed by the numerous assembly
then before him. He had at no time advanced opinions
which he would not have felt had he not been a Jamaica
Planter and Merchant. He was sorry that his con-
stituents had drawn an inference that Ministers had
denied their claims to compensation. This was a mis-
apprehension, and he should grieve to think that any
such intention, or appalling sentence, had been uttered
by Ministers. Still the Resolutions passed in Jamaica
had, in his opinion, done good ; and he hoped that the
steps already taken would be retraced. He saw some
hopes of that from the Speech of his Majesty at the
commencement of the Session.
Mr. GOSSETT, M.P. hoped that means would be
taken to tranquillize the Negro population ; and to re-
store confidence to the Whites.
Major D'Atarac next addressed the Meeting. We
understood him to say, that he possessed a small poi-
perty in the West Indies, which, however, small as it
might be, he would not willingly expose to unnecessary
risk. The question of the present state of the colonies
was a most important one, and ought to be approached
with caution; but whatever were the decisions, they
ought to be acted upon with firmness; but every mea-
sure which might now be adopted ought to have in
view the ultimate abolition of slavery, for he felt con-
vinced that the West India interests would never test
upon: a firm basis until the great object was accom-
plished--Olisapprobation). He would not then enter
Upon the details of that important topic, for he was aware
that there were many persons who looked anon the ques-
tion of einancipation, however remote, with htirror and
dismay. He, for one, could not enter into such feelings :
he could anticipate no such horrible consequences; he
thought the diffusion of knowledge among the Negroes
a necessary prepag ative for final emancipation—(Hessef,
and cries of " to, or') After a short time Major
D'Albiac proceeded: he thought the advantage of 3
public meeting was, that all should be heard, and that
horn the different opinions on both sides of a question,
truth might be best elicited. (Here the interruptions %vete
so frequent, that we cold,' only distinguish the Gentle-
man's voice, w without being able to col:ect what he said,
until some one a ied out, " Saint 1")
Major D'A Lame I ant na saint, I have more of
the character of a sinner ; but sinner as 1 am, I will not
be rut down by clamour; 1 will continue to assert my
right to be heard." He then proceeded, and read his
first resolution (as given below.) During the reading
of this, and the two that followed it, the interruptions
were so loud, that Ns e could hear notfing distinctly.
At the fou: th resolution, Maio: D'Albiac said, " Gentle-
men, Ishall wait until you have done hissing, and then
I sl all go on ; for I am determined to read them all."
(Here he was assailed with .such loud vociferations, in-
termingled with hisses, and the occasional allu ion of
" You come float Wilberforce"—". You are from the
African lostitution," and sia Lat. remarks, that he was
quite unable to proceed, and obliged to appeal to the.
Chair for protection.)
The CHAIRMAN lobe and said—" Gentlemen, I ask
you, is your cause such that you uecd be afraid to hear

THE EVENING STAR.

Biyonne:

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1824.
THE FUNDS.
STOCK EXCHANGE„ TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened this morning at 913, went down to 91A, i, 91,
so l, and at this hour are 91 for the Account—Market heavy. The
general opinion is that the Bulls are realizing.

We understand that the French Funds of Monday were 97f. Zoc.
Private Letters, on which great reliance may be placed, state that
the King of Dune is seriously indisposed.

FOREIGN FUNDS.
Spanish Bonds opened thia morning at 24i, to 25, at which
price they remain steady.
Current Priers : New Spanish 17i Old 24; to 25, Colombian
70 to it Austrian Si, Chilian 791, Russian 904 1, New Prussian
901 to j, Old 92f 4, Neapolitan 82* to French Scrip 9, Mexi-
can Scrip Si to t, Hullett's Mexican Mines 1 to 4 pr. royals .31,

PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 2381/4-3 per Cent. Reduced 91 A % 5/8
3 per Cent. Cons. 911 90% 91
4. per Cts. Old 10214 %—a. per Cts. New 1061/2 1/4 1/2
Bank Long Ans. 22% 7-16—Imp. 3 per Cts. 901/2 %
India Stock 2761/2—lndia Bonds 795. 81s. 80s.
E.ch. Bills (1..:1,0(()) 495. 50s. 48s.—Sm. 51s. 525. 48s.
Conbols for Account 91% % 90% 911/4.

An Express from Paris has brought us to-clay the
..10;ii/eur of Monday. It repeats, without remark, the
statement in the Et4ile, that the King of SPAIN has
!igned an act by which he acknowledges a debt to
Frence of thirty-four millions of francs; and assigns in
Payment the produce of the Salt-mines of Arragon and
the Customs of Miranda, through which goods are in-
troduced tram France, and the privileged provinces of
Biscay and Navarre, into the unprivileged provinces to
tie south of the Ebro.

An extract is given from a letter of a French Officer
a! Cadiz, dated 18th January, which states that the
Fleur de Lis, and other French vessels of war, which
I'4l recently arrived there, had for their only object
(Poirr ?wipe objet), to convey home more promptly
ti&e stlb-officers and soldiers tlf the French army
*lose term of service is expired. The purpose of this
assurance is obviously to dirxountenance any idea that
Le French ships were intended to canpetate in the
proicced Spanish expedition against South America;
20d that it is founded in truth, we see no reason to doubt.

kie have received today the following accounts frOm.

BAYONNE, FEBTiIiA EY
Our accounts from Madrid are of the 29th. On the
25th of January, a corps of 100 Constitutionalists en- '
tered the town of St. Clements de la Mancha ; and it
required a superior force, belonging to General Iles-
sieres, to drive them away. They barricadoed themselves
in a house, from which they escaped under cover of
the night. The Resta itrador spares no pains to support
the cause of absolute power and superstition. " The
moderate people,* it says, " form, in a time of revolu-
tion, a more formidable party than all the rest." If a
gunnel has occurred in one commune, or an arrest has
taken place in another, it announces an insurrection, or
the discovery of a conspiracy, one of the ringleaders in
which has been imprisoned. Then it exclaims against
the negligence of certain communes, and reproaches
them with not having any Royal Volunteers. It is cer-
tain that several very simple facts have been exagge-
rated in this manner. The same Journal says, " that
there are enemies to the throne, whom it points out,
and who are ready to trouble the public tranquillity,'
unless rigorous measures are adopted to check their
audacity." Its indignation is especially directed against
the Freemasons, and being unable to point them out,
it states their numbers to amount to 70,000, and this is

not exaggerated.
The addresses to the King are also a great resource,
and they are always in the spirit that the journalist de-
sires, especially if they come from the Clergy or the
Royal Volunteers. In its last number it has one from
the Clergy of the Communes of La Rioja ; the follow.
ing is the substance of what they ask of the King :
Ist. The reestablishment of the Inquisition.-2d.
The severe punishment of all those who have contri-
buted to establish or support the Constitutional system,
without which the liberty and the life of the King and
the Royal Family are in danger, and there can be no
tranquillity throughout the Monarchy.-3d. A system
of regulation for the Army, especially the Royal Vo-
lunteers.-4th. The appointment of Commissaries of
Police in all the communes of La Rioja.
The Restaurador says it is ready to publish the names
of above 6,000 persons, in Madrid alone, who deserve
to be severely punished.

It is strongly reported here, that all the Spanish re-
fugees are to be sent back to Spain. This measure, the
cause of which is unknown, alarms all those whom it
concerns; orders have already been given to some.

The brig Maria Theresa, which had been can ied into
the Canaries, has returned from the island of Palma; ft
great part of the cargo has been burnt in the ware-
houses, which were set on fire, and by which the destruc-
tion of ten houses was occasioned.

A strong detachment of discharged soldiers, chiefly
of the 37th regiment, returning from Spain, passed
through here yesterday, on their way to the interior.
M. Destrogat, senior of our city, has received a very
flattering letter from King Ferdinand, who thanks him
for the services he has rendered to the Royal cause ; the
letter was accompanied with a portrait of the Prince,
richly set. They talk of the embarkation of ten of our
regiments for Spanish America.

Yesterday morning, the Princess AUGUSTA left her
Royal Highness's residence at Frogmore in her travelling carriage,
attended by Lady MALY Tan.on, her Royal Highness's Lady in
Waiting, and proceeded to London. She alighted at her Royal
Highness's new intended residence in the Stable-yard, in the King's
Palace, St. James's, the house joining the residence of the Duke
and Duchess of Cianases. Her Royal Highness was shortly after
joined by her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gun/cgsTrit. Be-
tween three and four o'clock, the Princess left Gloucester House,
where she had partaken of a dejeune, on her return to Frogmore.
Sunday, the Duke and Duchess of GLOUCESTER at-
tended Divine Service at St. George's Church, Hanover-square.
Yesterday her Royal Highness the Princess SOPHIA
visited the Duke of YORK.
Yesterday the Earl of WESTMORLAND transacted
business at the Foreign Office.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL gave a grand dinner yester-
day, at Fife House.
Mr. STRATFORD CANNING gave an elegant entertain-
ment yesterday, at his house in Berkeley-square.
The Countess LUDOLPH had a small circle of fashion-
ables yesterday evening, in Gloucester-place.
Lady Salmi entertained a distinguished party az
dinner on Monday, at her house in Piccadilly.
Mrs. MACDONALD will give a Quadrille Bail this
evening, in Baker-street.
Lord BYRON (according to a letter from Zlnte) has
several literary and military Gentlemen near him, who are render-
ing great services to the Greeks. His Lordship, however, supports
them entirely from his own purse. It is his intention to establish
one or two Newspapers in the most populous parts of Greece.
We find we were in error respecting the descent of
the title of the late Sir HENRY Bart DUDLIY. The Baronetage was
granted to him and his heirs male, but not in default of issue to the
next of kin. The title, therefore, instead of going to his brother,
EDWARD BAER Esq. is now extinct.
Capt. and Mrs. PARKER have left town, for Brighton.
NOTICE TO THE HOLDERS OP CERTIFICATES OF
NaarouraNnKNTS.—Messrs. Fa LCONNIT and Co. and Mrriueorrat,
SORVILLO, and Co. Administrators of the Neapolitan Rents, haying
been informed that it is the general desire of the holders of Certifi-
cates to have a greater number of Coupons than has been hitherto
attached to each Certificate, and thus to avoid the renewal of too fre-
quent borders, have the honour of announcing, that for all Certi-
ficates unprovided with Coupons, there will henceforth he delivered
new borders of fourteen Coupons, attested by their signature in
the ordinary form, and without expense.
The Concert for the benefit of the Choral Fund at the
English Opera House on Monday last, was well attended.
The report of the Marry Wives of Windsor being
converted into an Opera is totally untrue. The Play is about to be
produced at Drury-Lane, with the whole comic strength of the
company, and with no other additions, than as Amiens and Rosa-
lind, and Lorenzo and Jessica, have songs in As You Like It and The
]/spirant sf Venice, so Fenton, Mrs. Ford, and Mrs. Page are to war-
ble a few of our Bard's "native wood-notes wild !"
The general bond of the Mexican Loan has been de-
posited in the Bank of England with the usual forms.
The case of Smith the Missionary, who was recently
tried by a Court-martial in Demerara, still remains, it is
said, under the consideration of Government.
The sum of 2.500.0001. in specie, being the amount
of the Austrian Loan, which was landed at Dover on Friday last,
bas arrived in safety in the Metropolis.
Intelligence has been received that avalanches have
done considerable injury to the Alps of Berne, and the villages of
llasli, Gadmen, and Guttaneti.
A substantial farmer from Kilbrin, in wh.,se custody
fire-arms were found, and ten others, are for trial at the
ensuing Sessions at Mallow, under the Insurrection Act.

COVENT-GARDPN THEATRE.
A nes+ Opera in three Acts was produced .here last
night, Under the title of Antive- Latid or, The &Mtn
front Slavery. Most of the overture, if not the whole of
it, was from Rossini. It was spirited, peculiar. and
had considerable variety. It was well played. Want
led the orchestra with amazing vigour and precision ;
and to his exertions in a great measure must be attri-
buted the encore with which it was honoured. The plot
is sufficiently simple. The principal characters were
thus disposed oft--
Aurelio di Montalto, Mr. Stm.ant—Gueseppo, Mr. W. FAWN
—'rancredi, Mr. Cooess—Marcello, Mr. Dusussx—Perigrino, Mr.
Faweerr.—Cl)mtante, Miss PATON—Biondina, Miss N. That—
Lavinia, Miss lirmiort—Zanina, Miss Love.
Almost four years have elaesed since Aurelio quitted
Genoa, his native city, on an expedition against the
Tunisians, and, failing, had become their prisoner, to-
gether with his attendant, Peregrino. Prior to leaving
his native land he was betrothed to Clyntante, whose
father died at the expiration of three years, and declared
in his will, that unless she married within a year after
his death his estates should not descend to her. By the
villiany of his guardian, Gueseppo, the whole of Aurelids
letters have been intercepted, and he is supposed by
many to be dead. Clynante, however, still hopes that
he exists, and in order to perform the condition of her
father's will, and to prevent the family estates from
falling into the hands of others, she persuades her
cousin, Biondina, to assume the garb of manhood, with
the name of Cetin, and to appear as her accepted suitor.
Gireseppe, fearing the return of:Aurelio, is anxious to
gain the hand of his sister Lavinia, that he may form
some claim to the Mnntalto estates ; and Zoning, Lari•
Ilia's attendant and Perez,' ino's wife, has long been tired
of her nondescript state of existence, being neither a
widow nor a spouse,; and longs for decisive intelligence.
At this juncture the Opera commences. On the
rising of the curtain, a finely painted, and tolerably ac-
curate view of the Mole of Genoa is presented ; a vessel
arrives, commanded by a victorious captain, Tancredi,
who has brought with him a number of Genoese whom
he has liberated frnm slavery. The meeting between
the parents and children, husbands and wives, brothers
and relations who had been long sundered, was executed
with considerable spirit, and produced some effect.
Aurelio, doubting the faith of his mistress, Clyina rite,
from his letters not having been answered, and no effort
made for his liberation, disguises himself as an Abyssi-
nian, disfigures Peregrino also, and secures the assistance
of his old friend Tancredi to forward his designs. He finds
that Clyntante is actually on the eve of marriage with
Ccelio, and being invited to the nuptials, as the friend of
Tame, edi, he resolves on discovering himself at the
moment she is about to give her hand to another, and
to publicly expose her falsehood. While making
known his determination to Tancredi, Ccelio overhears
him, and immediately repairs to Clyntante to inform
her of the discovery. In the meantime Peregrtno
after, trying the truth and constancy of Zanina, has
made her acquainted with his return, and had an
interview with Gueseppo, whose roguery be becomes
acquainted with, and learns from him the con-
stancy of Clyinaute. Of this Tancredi informs Aurelio,
but he is still incredulous, and perplexed at the power
of Ccelio. The time 107 the marriage ceremony arrives.
gymanfe, apprised of the return of Aurelio, exhibits no
signs of;surprise at his appearance in his true character,
but upbraids him for his want of faith. The mean ava-
rice of Gueseppo is exposed, and he is compelled to settle
his own estates on his ward Lavinia. Biondina ad-
vances in her female attire, and ail being satisfactorily
explained, new weddings have to take place.
Such is the outline of the plot. The dialogue is
better than the general entremets between son.:, and'
song, and occasionally contain souse good hits, though'
the humour which pervades it is, upon the whole, ratuer
broader than desirable.
Miss PATUN we have always thought a fine singer,
but we never recollect to have heard her with greater
pleasure than we did last night. Her last bravura was
rapturously and deserved encored. The little ballad in
the second act, which she accompanied with the harp,
struck us as being very beautiful, and was sung with
infinite taste and feeling.
The whole of the music,thongh announced as bylkanoe,
may be said to savour of the ROSSINI school ; and we
are inclined to apply to it, the remark which is so con-
stantly in the months of connoisseurs in painting,
namely, it wants breadth of effect. A soft light is dif-
fused over the whole, yet falling on no one part with
sufficient strength to bring it forward into notice and
rivet the attention. Such we should say was the fault
of last night's music ; it had no prominent passages so
far relieved from the general mass, as to leave no doubt
upon the mind as to their superior and intrinsic excellence. The
Opera was well got up, and announced for repetition this evening,
amidst very general applause.— We subjoin a specimen of the song.,
which are far above the ordinary standard :
DUETTO.—Cxvstawre, Catio—( Adapted from the French.)
Lo! when showers desceuding,
Weigh the lily's crest,
Dow its frail cup, bending.
Seems with woe opprest.

Drops on drops assail her,
Whelan each lucid led;

The pale flow'r grows yet paler;
Lost in hopeless grief !
(Amoco())
Zephyr, lightly sweeping
O'er the blooming plain,
Spies that lily weeping,
Newly wash'd with rain :
Fondly bends he o'er it,
Blowing drops away,
With a kiss restores it,
Lady of the May !
C A V ATI N A.— AURELIO —(Rossnit.)
Farewell! thou coast of glory,
Where dwell'd my sires of yore!
Their names, their martial story,
Your trophied tombs restore!
Farewell! thou clime of beauty!
Where blooms the maid 1 love ;
Fond thoughts in pleasing duty
Around her ever rove !
What phrase to shape ' farewell' in,
In vain this heart would tell;
Winds blow—white sails are swelling—
Oh! native land!—farewell'

COLONIAL SLAVERY.—Petittons to both Houses of
Parliament, praying for an amelioration in the condition of the Slave
Population to his Majesty's Colonies, have been prepared, and will
this week be handed about for signatures in Gloucester.
THE HERMIT ABROAD.—The Month Review, speak-
ing of this lively Satirist, and useful Moralist of edir times, thus
ingeniously compares him, and apparently with much propriety, to
our favourite Sterne : 4' lioth," observes the Critic, " attempt cha-
racteristic pictures et French nature in its more prominent varietie3;
and both wander ' from grave to gay, from live° y to severe,' with
desultory caprice and veraatile emotion. In Sterne, we have more
of intuition; in the Hermit, more of obcervation ; in Sterile, of
feeling; in the Hermit, of sarcasm; in Sterne, of grace ; in the
Hermit, of caricature ; in Sterne, of condensation ; in the Hermit, of
repetition ; but many phenomena are noticed by the Hermit, which
have originated since Sterne's :Lac."

counrop COMMON•Pi.EAS.,:THIS
•
THOMAS _4 I V. j . -T. B. an. . T, EYSQ.
The Lord Chief JuitiO Oivkoat? proceeded this-
, .
morning to pronounce judgment on this case, which he
observeJ, was an application.foc a new trial made by.
Mr. Beaumont, on the part or an Insurance Com.—
pany, on fobr gratinds: first, That the presiding Jtidge
had misdireited the Jury; and, secondly. that true.
bills for a conspiracy to defraud the Insurance Com-.
pant had been found against the patties who' were
the principal witness on the trial. These grounds,
the Court were clearly of opinion, were not sufficient to
warrant a new trial. With resi,ect to the second grouni;
several high legal authorities had laid down an opinion
concurring will; that he had delivered. The defendants
alley two other grounds : Ist, That they were taken by snrpri,e:
an.l,Aly, That new facts had come to their knowledge subsequent
to the trial. Undt.uhtedly, if satisfactorily established, these were
grounds for granting a new_ trial, but the Court would be very cau-
tious in examining the proofs on which these allegations rest.—
The first ground rests wholly on the affidavit of Mr. Beaumont.
who states that he 'steel relied on the known insolvency of the plain-
tiff as being Sufficient to prove the improbability of his having such
A quantity of goods by him, and that be should be able to prove the
probability, and perk !ps the certaimy, that the bills which the plain.
tiff had got discoUnteS were to the discharge of other bill?.
This, it would be recollected, was Ote affidavit 1)f an interested party,
and was therefore to be looked at with suspicion. He ought to have
informed the Court who were the witnesses who were to support
this probability. They could rot, therciurr, on this ground grant a
new trial. The new facts that bad come to his knowledge
were supported by affidavits, hut then these affidavits were again
met by others on the opposite side, so fully and so numerously;
that they could not, under such a co in of testimony, where the
affidavits put in were thus answered, and in some ins:lures by dis-
interested witnesses, after a full and dispassionate consideration, do
otherwise than refuse the present motion for a new trial.
The COURT therefore Of dacd the Rule granted to be discharged
with coats.
