PRIVATE LETTER.

" OPORTO, AUGUSPzi.

" I hasten to transmit you an account of the Re-
volution that broke out in this city on the morning
of the 24th instant—a Revolution, not only effected
without the shedding of blood, but without disorder
or tumult of any description whatever—a Revolution
which has spread like the tepidity of lightning in the
neighbouring cities, and which by this time is ex-
pected to have extended over this hitherto degraded
and oppressed country in every direction. As among
our neighbours, the Spaniards, it was brought about
by the Military, and was in contemplation more than
a twelvemonth. You are aware that Portugal was
the most despotic country in Europe, that the people
were prohibited from interfering or speaking upon
any political t epic. Of late, however, this prohibition
was partly relaxed, and it was not in corners or in
private houses only that the expected change was
spoken of, but even almost openly in our streets and
in our public walks, and therefore it caused no sur-
prize whatever when it occurred. Many motives
contributed to make the people eager in the extreme,
and nearly desperate for a change in the system 'of
Government—the absence of the Royal Family in
the Brazils, where it was accompanied by the flower
of the Nobility—the continual drains of specie from
the country to carry on the war between the Cabinet
of Rio de Janeiro and Artigas, and also the funds
arising from the Revenues of the Crown and those of.
the absentees—the almost total loss of our naviga-
tion—the distressed and ruined state of agriculture—
the decay of our manufactories—our insecurity in our
persons and property, and the suspension of the
Army's pay, which was more than seven months in
arrear, and which caused much discontent amongst
the soldiery.
Surely, Sir, these are strong causes,' and I exag-
gerate nothing ; but there are others that also contri-
buted to the change, and which it is unnecessary to
enumerate ; suffice it to say, that the Portuguese are
the most patient of people, . that they are the most
easily governed of all European nations, that their
loyalty to the reigning family of Braganza continued
unabated, and yet such was the miserable state of the
country, arising from bad policy, that even this people
at last found it past all endurance.
_ _ _

4, To proceed then, Sir, on the night of the 23d
instant, the conspirators (if these noble Patriots who
rescued their country from the brink of destruction
deserve such an appellation) assembled at the house
of Sepulveda, the Colonel of the 18th Regiment ;
they consisted of himself, of Cabreira, Commander
of Artillery ; Gill, the Lieutenant-Colonel of the 6th
the Commander of the Police Cavalry ; the Doctor
of Law, Jose Ferreira Borges (a man of great profes-
sional ability), and the Commanders of two Militia
Regiments. This handful of brave men, having

taken their measures during the night, assembled
the troops by day-break, and Cabreira addressed
them as follows :;--[Here follow the Addresses and
Proclamations we inserted on Tuesday.] _ _

" After delivering these animated Addresses, Mass
was celebrated in the camp of Santo Ovidio, and the
troops took the oath of fidelity to the King, Cortes,
and Constitution. All this took place before five
o'clock in the morning of the 24th, at which hour
the gladening sun shone with the most brilliantlustre
upon the glittering arms of these deserving sons
of their country, and appeared to animate them by
its smiles to the glorious enterprise. At this hour
a discharge of twenty-one pieces of artillery roused
from their beds the inhabitants of Oporto, and gave
them to understand what was going on. The troops
then, headed by their respective leaders, marched to
the Town House, in the Prana Nova, and the Public
Authorities were immediately summoned to attend;
there soon appeared the Bishop, the Chief Justice,
the Military Governor of the Province, and other
Heads of Departments. All being assembled, a Pro-
visional Government was installed, consisting of siz-
teen members, selected from among the Nobility, Mili-
tary, Clergy, Judges, Merchants, and Citizens; at its
head was placed Antonia da Silveira, a man of old
and honourable name and family, and gifted with
talent and integrity; amongst these Members, there
are a few of very considerable abilities, and doubtless
they are all animated by the welfare of their country.
The Junta being formed, its first act was to publish
a Manifesto to the People, enumerating, in moderate
but firm terms, the insults, the injuries, the oppres-
sions, the cruelties, in short, all the miseries which
the nation suffered, for such a length of time, from
the incapacity and crimes of those who directed the
affairs of the State; it recommends, however, a total
oblivion of the past, and gives the Portuguese well-
grounded hopes of prospeiity for the future. After
the oaths were taken to the King, Cortes, Ecc.'and
the Government established, the Assembly broke up,
and the troops retired to their quarters, where they
were regaled by their generous Officers with bread,
beef, and wine. During this day, there was nothing
heard of or seen but cries of joy and congratulation;
it was, indeed, a day of festival, and not the smallest
accident occurred to cloud the general joy ; no deaths,
no insults, no arrests, no suspicion, no tumults, in
short, no commotion of any description. All the shops
were open,' and at the conclusion of the Constitution
being proclaimed, the industrious part of the com-
munity went about their usual avocations; the thing
appeared more like a birth-day parade than anything
else, judging by its order and regularity, and not
like a resolute and• determined body of men, who,
with arms in their hands and courage in their hearts,
assembled to throw off the yoke of tyranny and des-
potism, and to restore their once celebrated name to
its proper rank and estimation among the nations ofl
the Continent.

You are aware, Sir, that there are many English
Officers in the service of Portugal, and- the Patriots,
from motives of just and laudable pride, determined
the salvation of their country should be effected by
themselves alone; accordingly, on the night of the
'23d, letters were sent to all our military country-
men, apprising them of what was to take place, and
desiring them not to interfere one way or another, i
and these instructions were all obeyed; had they re-
sisted, the consequences would have been unpleasant
to themselves; and perhaps to us, who are quietly.
pursuing our commercial pursuits, it might have
been inconvenient.

In truth, the conduct of the English Officers is
highly laudable, and duly appreciated by the Portu-
guese ; they are suspended from actual service until
the pleasure of the Cortes be known, but in the
meantime continue in possession of their pay and
rank in the army; in fact, 63 pleased is the Provi-
sional Government with their conduct, that it has
issued a Circular stating the above, and compliment-
ing them in the highest terms for the services which
they rendered, the country, and for which services it
will always feel grateful ; in the meantime a mode-
rate and cautious behaviour is recommended to them,

but with a hint that such a
sary, from their education and situation in life, and,
above all, from their being now witnesses of a whole
people unanimously and zealously stepping forward
to assert those rights which alike belong to all men.
The whole country, from the river Minho dovia to
Leiria (within twenty-two leagues of Lisbon), has
declared for the Provisional Government, which has
now at its command from 20 to 25,000 men, and
the Quiroga of Portugal, Colonel Sepulveda, has
gone South, to prepare and organize the army, in
case it should be necessary to march to the relief of
their countrymen at Lisbon; the army here is also
preparing. All this may not be necessary, but it is
certainly prudent, and they really appear to be ani-
mated, not with a wild and giddy enthusiasm, but
with the most sober and the most determined reso-
lution of not stopping until such time as the salva-
tion of their country is accomplished; and, as Eng-
lishtnen, we pray that the Gon of armies may ac-
company and guide them in all their operations.
Many people entertain doubts of Lisbon coming into
the views of the Northern Provinces instantaneously,
and they judge this from the many interests that
clash together in the metropolis, and from its abound-
ing with the vermin that bask in the favour and
sunshine of the most despotic and most corrupted of
Courts ; but the wishes and desires of the nation, are

is enneces-

so universal in favour of a change, that it does
appear to me consistent with the course of human
affairs for the.thing to stop,_ or to admit of wall
delay. We all pray that it may be brought abk ut
in the metropolis in the same manner as in this
which has gained immortal glory by the moderation
of its proceedings; and the giving an example vlich
was so readily followed by the neighbouring J./ices
without the least delay, hesitation, or accident. The
great author df OUT restored liberties is Sepulveda,
the Colonel of the 18th Regiment of Foot; in ,1 a
very young man indeed, ad ardeht lover of bis crew-
try, enthusiastically fond of his profession, an.. &In
excellent officer; he is of a very ancient and r.vbLe
family, and his father was the first to raise tl,e Pria-
tuguese standard against the French; in Tras
Montes ; for this and other eminent services wihrii
he rendered the State, he was raised to the dignity*
of Viscount of Herbadoza, a title now inherited by
the elder brother; from these circumstances stlne-
thing might have been hereditarily ext:ected of tie
son ; and i hope, Sir, we do not profane the s dine
of the most renowned patriot of antiquity, is
brings to our iecollectkin the circumstances of
elder and younger Brutus; these hallowed names
have stood the test of nineteen centuries, and is
but fair to anticipate that the names of Quirog and
Sepulveda will be lisped with grati!ude by su
ages, and when the present generation have
been swept away from the face of the earth."
Extract from a letter received by the Dick, LEE,
arrived off Falmcutli: “ Open.),

" We are happy to find that there has tint been =IT sup:
tion to the post between here and Lisbon, and the reports Ito%
thence to-day are favourable for the cause which has been:de-
clared for here. The news must have been known at Lisbon
twelve hours when the post left, and then every thing was c,oiec
there. It will be wonderful if such a Revolution takes place
without bloodshed."

Nothing further has arrived from Lisbon, except
the following Proclamation, or Address, to the People,
which was posted up in that Capital, by the friends
of the Revolution, in the night of the 28th August:

Portuguese!—The happy moment of salvation tor tier
country is at length arrived : the thick veil of illusion, with
which usurpers have shrouded our rights, is rent to pieces.
Arise ! the hour is at hand when our country is to be saved
from the ignominious yoke of slavery and opprobrium. Tie
thrice-holi: banners of liberty already float in the air, of that
liberty, the child of reason and of nature, of which we have been
for so many ages deprived by the ferocious power of tyranny
and misrule. Let us run to embta ce our honoured brethren al-
ready on their way to this Capital with a powerful army, after
having sworn to and proclaimed that Constitution which mill
ever be the dread of our oppressors, but under which our per-
sons and property will henceforwierds be secure.
" Let us restore our ancient Cortes, and let that palladium of
Spanish freedom also be the worthy model of our indepeader,ce.
And where is the Portuguese who shall dare to raise his :,rm
against his country ? No one, unless he be some degenerate mai,
unworthy of the heroic name, and let out to hire to the enerzies
of his nation. In short, enough of suffering; let us put limbs
o the Royal authority and that of its Ministers, by the adoption
of a sacred Constitutional Code, since by this wise step we shill
be saved as welt from the evils of anarchy as of slavery and
shame. Long live the heroic Portuguese Nation !—Long live
our Religion !—Long live our Constitutional King !"
