mr.zt

:z then rose to speak. He said he had
sk bed, and felt such mental suffering, that
I a few words to address tothem. An un--
stcanci had occurred in theii representa-
' the lamented death of a Man who pos-.
every virtue that could ennoble our nature;
loss wouhl be much more deeply felt in
state of the British Envire.. /Co man was
• fill that vacant sitaation than the gentle-
; about to propose. Ile had displayed
loquence during their late Etection which
done honour to the Senate. He theiefore
'e to put in nomination J. Hob:louse, Esq.
' end Hines). He was quite convinced
skew no signs of disapprobation when
tat gentle Man explain his sentiments.
. -in-swats said, that when an old friend re-
turned again among those to whom he was formerly
;known, it was necessary for him to explain the reasons
!which had kept him away. When 21 years ago he
!had fo ight seven ti nes in four months through bands
self • mfians employed to murder him, and when he
w'found himself unsupprred by .dl, he determined to
rithdravi himself until by his professional exertions
lf.e should render himself so far:independent as to give
'weight to his opinions ; or until some great public
;cdsiiiii4 should call for even perhaps the sacrifice of
his life from a man ..• ho ;las considered life itself as
too small a sacrifice in the public cause. There were
wo parties in We;tminster, the one which ought to
:have united in the great cause of p.sbli.c liberty, and
the other which had already drained our pockets for'
e purpose of suppressing it altogether. If Mr.
rHebhouse was a man possessing talent and integrity
sufficient to unite the people of Westminster 'in his
upport. he would be as acceptable to him as any'
other. But they ought to be so uniteJ, or else their
adepenience• must bi endangered ; for if they suf
.ered themselves to he. s; lit into distinct parties, they
would then becomej.he prey of the Plctionists. If,
sherefore, Mr. Hobhonse unitei the minds cf the Elecs
'tors of Westminster, in Con's name let him be the
man, because he (Mr. Thelwall) would always take a
hree penny loafif he could not get a peck leaf, rather
an starve; he would rather haven Portion oflaiert?
'. an none at all. The Whigs thernssuves would make
,good allies to their cause, and he hoped they would
ssot suffer the Minister to triumph in IVestminster,
.when at the last Election he had been beaten out of
-every populous town in the kingdom ; and had even
been unable to bring in his favourite Liscuit-bakor for
the metropolis.
Mr..Hontrotran presented• himself to the meeting.
The occasion on which he last appeared before them
was very different from the present ; and, as far as he
was concerned, it was not so embarrassing. Theo,
he and they were on the eve of a triumph ; now, they
were following a funeral. Then, he had to' speak for
them ; now, he had to speak for himself—that sub:
Sect on which he was the least qualified to speak. He
had that moment received a communication from a
great body of the Electors of Westminster, request-
ing him to present himself as a Candidate; and, but
for that request, 1:e should not have appeared before
em.' He was not an Elector, but' he was an Dv-
Tishman— a name still glorious, notwithstanding the
'attempts of a base adrl;ll.istration, who had endea-
voured to spread the present disgrace of their country,
almost as wide as its former glory. lie was proud',
of the approbation which he had received for his'
exertions at the last Election. It was not, however,
in the anticipation of this great i eward, tli.it he had
performed those trifling duties. Ilis object was the
approbation of his fellow-citizens. O'er since hit
mind could expand itself in the pursuit of any object,
he had not looked for any thing but honest fame.
Some might think this an infirmity; but he thought
it a glory to obtain honest fame from honest men.
He had nothing but his principi, ; to recommend him.
He was not connected with any great family. A
person, he believed a friend, had said to him, '' Who
is HobhouseY" He would answer that question ne-
gatively, and tell them who he is not. Ile wss not a
person attached to anj party. lie was not a person
brought before them by any trick, to give him a
ante of being returned. If another comes forward
1 'nes recommended, elect him in Gou's name. liss
o ly wished, if they though! him tit. to be the person
Who should make their struggle for independence
effectual. It was as a reformer that he offered him-
self; the question of' reform he did *nor mean to
mince ; he was for that reform which would strike at
the root of the evil which threatened the destruCtion
of the country—(Afplouse). It had been said, that it
1%.,%.1c improper to demand a pledge. Hid not every I
borough patron ask a 'pledge, and should not the'
r people ask ,a pledge ? - They shatesd demand a pledge, I

and though he'rnightbeslini:liiisifen—ce 'should be
fatal to his cause—(Applause). Any pledge in the
case of Sir Francis Burdett was unnecessary, because
.he was well known to them. He had not the inordi-
nate vanity to suppose, that when his name was chalk-
ed on the wall, every marl would know his character.
He proposed for himself, that every man should ask
him, " What is your opinion ? what 46 you propose to
Ido for us ?"—( Cheers). For this purpose he should
attend on the hustings if they should nominate hi m,hav-
• ing no right to act upon rules adopted by characters too
well known tc requiretheir presence on such occasions.
This was not flattery; if it were he would not have
spoken it ; they would not have heard it—(Applause.)
' The object of the administration was to degrade them
to a ;Milne port. He saw that Sir Murray Maxwell
ventured again to produce himself, or rather to pro-
duce his pretensions, and not himself; for he was
not to. come forward with the boldness of a seaman.
Sailors were all bold, but this candidate seemed to
surpass them all in audacity. His object was not less
than to subject Westminster to the discipline of the
quarter deck. Who was not surprised that any sea-
man, for all of them are bold, honest, and free,
should lend himself to be the tool of the basest and
most cruel administration ; and to aid them in assi-
milatiag our country to the barrack-boundsountries
of the Continent—(applause.) It appeared that both
his person and his purse were sick. He was sorry
for his malady ; he respected his person—he con-
doleil with him in sickness. But when he presented
himself as a tool for Lord Castlereagh, you will
have to prove whether the hustings be the quarter •
deck—he would not appear there, but it was to be
supposed that he would send his first Lieutenant—
(laughter and applause.) He merely came forward
on the presumption that in his person they would
make the most successful struggle for their indepen-
dence. If any other was more likely to effect that
object, he at once yielded. But the great object was
to oppose Ministers, who were the friends of divi-
sion, confusion and revolution. They were friends
of revolution by breaking every tie that connected
society, by sending emissaries from the Horne De-
pattruent to excite alarm, suspicion, and treachery—
!applousc.) They, the hearers, were -the friends of
order. Order was most effectually promoted by re-
form of that fabric which was totteriag to its fall.
If lie should be returned, he should be their own
work,—by them he was brought forward, by them
supported, by them returned—to them he should look'
fisf help, admonition, and orders. If a Representative
was not subject to orders, he knew not what a Re-
presentatige should be. He should trouble them no'
longer ; and as at least more gratifying to his own feel-
ings, he should beg leave to retire from their delibe-
rations.—(Much applaksefolkned.)
Sir FRANCIS Bonutrr now pat the first Resolu-
tion, which expressed that the man of their choice
should support the claims to short Parliaments, and-
a full, free, and equal representation. It was carried
unanimously.
Mr. JaNKINS proposed W. Cohbett, Esq. as a fit
person to represent them in Parljantent.--(Greet
confusion rose in consequence.) •
M. HUNT presented himself, and infinitely in-
creased the confusion.

The CHAIRMAN requested that they would save
time, as well as conduct the business of the day to a
beneficial, issue, by listening with fairness and im-
partiality to every Gentleman who addressed them ;
there would otherwise be neither usefulness nor re-
spectability in their public meetings. If any thing
objectionable should' be uttered, any one had the
riglit to refute it. •
Mr. Ilus: r was still received with every unz,rateful
mile. He said he should wait with patience ttll they
should hear hitt. He hoped it would never go forth
rthit such an assambly had refused to hear an Eng-.
Ikhrstars.-sln a packed room such a thing might
happen; surely not in a public large assembly, such
as he now addressed. He thought they ought to,
have known his character too well—(much laugAtsr,l
and-cries of 15 Yes,") to suppose that he could be put
down in ten minutes. It had been justly said that
their weakness was in division. He agreed in that'
opinion, and his object was to prevent divi,.ion. His
friends had intended to propose him, but his answer
was " No; if no other mail comes forward to resist
Sir Murray Maxwell, I am at your service ; but if
any other person on whom all agree shall come for-
ward, in GILA name let me not interfere." He
should speak of Mr. Hobhouse with freedom, with
liberty ; but he trusted, with moderation. Was he
'any relation to Sir Benjamin Hobhouse ? jHis son.)
Was he son of that Sir Benjamin Hobhouse who, at
a public dinner in that room, had kissed the hand of
Lord Holland from veneration to Whig principles,
and soon afterwards joined the present wicked ad-
ministration ? Was he the son of Sir Benjamin Hob-
house who had been for so many years Chairman'
of Mr. Pitt's committees? -Was he the son of that
Sir Benjamin Hobhouse who had been a traitor to
the cause of liberty, and gone over to the banners of
slavery Was he the son of that Sir Benjamin Hob-
house whist had L:1500 or £2OOO a-year as Commis-
sioner of the Nabob of Arcot's debts? He wished to
ask likewise, what Mr. Ilobhouse had been doing
fur upwards of ten years—where he had wandered—
and likewise in what respect he had been of service
to the great people of Westminster ? He was not
desirous of visiting the sins of the father on his chil-
dren, although this was one of the principles of the
religion which he professed ; but he thought it im-
possible that Mr. Hebhouse should unite their votes,
or satisfy their expectations. A Gentleman had pro
posed Mr. Cobbett, now an alien from h;s native
land, through the oppressive measures of the Go-
vetnnient ; and a man of greater abilities or political
honesty they could not elect—(hisses and groanings.)
Mr. Cobbett was, if they should think proper to sup-
pot t him, willing to undertake the task of reprecent-
ing their rights and interests in Parliament ; and for
the purpose of bringing that question to issue, he
would second tke nomination—(lmsddisapprobeeion.)
fle would tale this opportunity also of referring to
a letter, read by Mr. Cleary on the hustings at the
last election, and which purported to be a le...er frOm
Mr. Cohhert, in the year MOS, in which, speaking of
him (Mr. Hunt) he was described as a sad fellow, who
rode about the country with another man's wife,
having deserted his own.
The noise and interruption were at this moment so
excessive as effectually to stop the progress of the
speaket's end ination. _ _

Sit FItANCI4 Buiteurr stepped forward, and en-,

,o re-

treated a
collect that he could not fulfil the deities of the sjtu
ation in which they had placed him unless they sup-
ported ,)aim in it. That support he could derive
from them in no other mode than by their preserving
silence. He implored them, therefore, to pay an im-
partial attention to what fell from every Gentleman
Who might address them. It would give him infinite
pain to find himself compelled to leave the chair,
from his inability to maintain the order and decorum
of their proceedings. A fair and candid hearing af-
forded to all alike, would save time, and preserve tae
respectability of the meeting.—(,lpplause.)
Mr. HUNT then resumed. It was not surprising,
if, after the villainous attacks which he had borne, if
not with meekness, at least with patience, he was now
desirous of vindicating himself from the foulest and
;falsest calumnies of them all. Mr. Cobbett had de-
clared publicly, and although his Register had been,
suppressed in this country, the declaration had found
its way here, through the medium of a Liverpool
newspaper, that he had never written the letter in
question, and that it was an entire foreerv.
Mr. CLEARY now addressed hinneff to the meet.
ing, but being too indisposed to make himself au-
dible, he stated that he had the letter in his posses 7
sion, and would produce it before them in half an
hour, if the meeting should continue so long, and he
immediately left the room for that purpose.
, Mr. WISIIART then rose, and after some observa-
tions on the virtues and public spirit evinced on so
Many critical occasions by the House of Bedford,
proposed as a candidate for their suffrages, the se-
cond son of the present Duke, Lord John Ituisell.—
The Electors of Westminster could not forget the in-
tci e.st taken in the maintenance of their rights by the
'Lite Francis Duke of Bedford, hi, personal exertions,
,o1:' his willing attendance at their meetings both
there and in Palace-yard. The present Mike ef Bed-
ford had always supported the same principles, had
zdways lent his aid to the election of their favourite
Representative, and had, by his tontsibution to Mr.
.Ilone, and his uniform hostility
_to .a bad Govern-
ment, been recently depriveit-othe honour of the
Lord Lieutenancy of hissietive Cerinty.- With respect
:3 Lord John himself, it wati well known that he had
made a speech' in Parliament on 'the Habeas Corpus
Suspension Act; equally creditable to head and
his heart. It was pepper lot hirerMiSwever, to state;
that if their choice should ippear to-ineline in pre
ference to any other individual, Lord John was de-
termined not to impedeor interfere with the exercise
of it.—(Applause.). •
Mr. Tiferavast explained respecting a remark- of
his which Mr. Hunt had misrepresented. He took
this opportunity of sayilig, that the political opinions
of Mr. Hobhouse's anceshire could be no way preju-
dicial to him(Mr. Ilobhoest) since it was well known
that he had been proscribed by. his family on account
of his independent sentirnetifs:,:—(App/ause.) •
Mr. &mem rose, principally to put a question of
order. Were they not now debating whether Mr.
Hubhouse was a tit petson to be returned to Parlia-
ment ? He understood that the object of Mr. Wish-
art's address was• to propose another person. If he
was right as to the question, that proposal was not
regular. If a particular person was firs: put for-
ward, and the ground thus pre-occupied, no one had
power to propose another.
Sir FRANCIS Burtoerr explained. The first ques-
tion was that alluded to by Mr. Sturch, namely,
whether Mr. Hobhouse was. ay& person to be retur-
ned ; the second was the amendment proposing Mr.
Cobbett ; and the third was another amendment,
proposing Lord John Russell. He thought it the
fairest way to allow every person to propose any can-
didate he thought proper, and then to put the ques-
tion seriatim.
Mr. Smite!! spoke in favour of delay; that afort-t
night or three weeks mjght bp ,given, order to find
out a man really the friend' °Mt peoples
and worthy the choice' of inkperitleor Eitetonof
Westminster: s •
• -
Mr. Parr hoped tfiy3thitlt.fg.tfiftlelhat,
the Electors of it cilvittiiso):--iroo kl. act' .as k body*,
and not be led away brany lerohnen• 'No was as
much'againit diihion as•MOnitould be, anthhere-
fore he prophied, iftheyteisheatOlcip Oteethe Court
candidate, that every -elicit* as hE quitted the robin.
should put down his name, an nMer tia form a broati
and expended Committee, for the purpose of preven‘•
ing disunion.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT wished to know if an
other person was desirous ofaddressing the Meeting?
( Loud end repeated criesfor Mr. frooler:) •
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said, 'he was desired by
Mr. Wooler to state, that he was nut an elector, and
that Ile had nothing to say on the question.
Mr. GALL Jonas presented himself on the table,
but was hooted off, without obtaining a hearjeg.
Mr. CLEARY rose, and was also put down by cries
of « Question! Question!"
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said, he differed wholly
from the recommendation of his friend, Mr. Sturch,
for delaying the business on which the Meeting had
been called. It he had thought that nothing was
likely to be done there that day, he should not have
come up a great distance from the country on a fool's
errand. He knew of nothing that might not be as
well done at that moment as at a more distant day ;
for all public questions of this nature, it was of the
utmost importance that decisions should be prompt
and quick. Not only that great city, but the whole
kingdom, and every part of the civilized world. was
interested in the question then before the 'Meeting—
which was nothing less than the principle be had
been contending for daring the last twenty-five years.
Indeed, he hoped his friend, M. Sturch, would Lave
brought the Meeting out of the difficulty he ban
placed them in, by naming somebody else instead of
Mr. Hobhouse ; but he must declare it as his opinion
'that that Gentleman was fully qualified, both by his
talents, his knowledge, and his virtues, to accept the
'great trust proposed to be vested in him. It was
asked what Me. Hobhouse had been doing for die lust
ten years ? The answer was, that he had been doing
what all Gentlemen intending to serve their country
ought to do—improving his understanding. Ile had
cultivated his mind, and of the fruits of that cultiva-
don all Europe could now judge; and he would be
ready to serve his country with his pen and his
tongue. He knew only of one person .with whom
Mr. [kW-louse could be placed on a lose!, and dust
was Major Cartwright. Indeed. there was no sea's.-
city of qualified persons—the ditiir y u as, to select
from the richness that was everyaalua s 7-) he fennel.

The Electors might have Mr: :bets if they',
Mr. Cohbctt had lately written many severe ILI,
against him (Sir Francis Burdett), but be ha,l
angry feeling against Mr. Cubbett on that acce
and he believed it was the oppression of the'
ment that had driven him out of the oymart
Francis next observed, that Mr. Cleary had
the letter that had been alluded to, in order to
it to the Meeting.
Mr. Ct,bbett's letter, which Mt Hunt ha
to be a forgery, was now produced.
• Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said he believed it to
Mr. Cohbett's hand-writing.
Mr. HUNT.—" Mr. Cubbett has declared that
letter was written by a person who often:
hand-writing."
Sir FRANCIS BURDETTr said, that Mr. C.
eye had been deceived by it, as his would have
anal Mr. Hunt had nothing further to do with
question, which rested entirely between Mr. C(
and Mr. White, formerly the printer of his
Mr. Cobbett being put as an amendment of
nomination, about six hands were seen in difierea,
parts of the room. Mr. llobhouse had a large., if :,,c4
universal skew of hands. Lord John Bussed had lir,
a very few.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said, that every oar
be satisfied with the impartiality of his conduct,
though his private feelings were particularly clap
As to Lord John Russell, he was sati,fled that act
off' his friends had declined to show their haads
him, knowing
That
he would not come forwad:o,
ride them. That was the season that so few ham,
had been shown for him. Unless he was blind•
felt no hesitation in saying that Mr. lhiblouw
chosen by an immense majority.
Mr. I luNT.-44 I declare that Mr. ilohhome
an immense majdrity. ff he could fir.trev ;min it
election, he had not theleast objection, anjheslical
not stand in his way. He requested his frier:'
there were any, to do every thing in
support Mr. Hobhouse."

The third Resolution, respecting
of a Committee, was then put, and c
Thanks were voted to the Chairman
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said he haL
returning his best thanks, and of expre
6Se:felon that he had been able to to

ing in a manner, he trusted, satislacti
[Great aroplarse.)
The 'Meeting, which was excessive)
ing the whole time, broke up a quart

FROM LAST MGLIT'S G.

Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant
. of Hants.
Charles Henry Rich, Peg, to be Array Lieu
North' Hants Ililitis.--Levitt ,liroadley Pal
Adjutant.

Conitilisshins in the Neff Yec1113.1117
Lord Lieutenant of Ale County of
Cornet Charles Bowman to be Lieutenant, vi
ceased, Robert Harrison, Gast. to be Con:
promoted.

BANKRUp,VeY SUPERS!:
John Greenwood, Lug W:arnbain, Der
charnan.

BANKRUPTS.
William Tovee, Ermouth-street, Spa-fields,
yer, to surretuler Nov. LI, Dec. 1 and 29,
611. .ittorney, Mr. Rose Elst-stnet. IL
John William Roberts, Colkege hill, cheese-f
eleven, Dec. 2, at ten, sad 29, at eleven,
tornies, Messrs. Pkches and Sampson, Sw.
hard-street.
Daniel Ward, Sutton Seotney, county of ,
keeper, Dec. 1,2, and 29, at eleven, at the
Reading. AttoroltA Mr. Hamiltaa; Berwick-
or e.r. Smith, Reading.
John I.angford, Dm of Ludgate-hill, ch.
Nov. t 4, at one, Dec. 3, at twelve, an.
Guildhalls Actrules, Muses. %boa ant:
hall, 1 lasing hall-st %et.
John Longman. Runes, - Devonshire, milieu
.E11i0tt,2,2, at eleven, at the Globe Tavern. Execs.
renchurch-street. Lor.don.
William Williams, Amen-corner, boOkseller,
and re, at ten, at Guildhall. Attorsh
Smith, and 'Gel, New /lasi! ghat-street.
Stephan nimble, Liverpool, Lop-factor, NI
29, at twelve, at Guildhall, I *don.
Kraney and Spur, Bi,bopigate.strret Wit
Samuel Simon Allen Little Yarmouth, Nutt(
Nov. O. •at seven,PDac. 1 and 29, at.ten,
lan, Great Yarmouth. &tongue, Messrs.
Maples, rearm, sad Hunt, rredeiclis-p/
Londou ; or Mr. Palmer, jun. Rayon:-s!reeti
Williant Peown, East fizttard, Nottingham,
25`. at four, 22, and Dee. 29, at ter, at the
East Refned. Attornies, Mr.• 31er,
Nessts.-Stocker, Dawson, and Herringlao
court, Caterstreet, London.
John Mutt, lln4Jligk, Suffolk, !Mille, Dec.
eleven. at the Bear and Crown luu, Ipstvi.
liodwell, Ipswich; or Messrs. Bridges
Lion-square, Loudon.
John Wyatt, Hinckley, Leicestershire, halter,
Dec. 1 and 29, at eleven, at the G.tort
Anomie', Mr. Beckett, Nobk—street, I.Jcv
or Mr. Soden, Hinckley, fricesurfhire.
John GlAysher, late of Ilunmenanith. ;nal

Nov. 9.1, and Dee. L, at riev: n and '29.
Attorney, Mr. Comerford, Capatali-cottn,T

James Hall, Chatham, tailor and draper, N,
2Q, at twelve, at Guildhall, Loudon. Am
klaruardN Inn. Holborn.
Alagoas Obren, tka younger, growl-street.
Nov. 21, Dec. 1 and 29, at one, a: Guii.
Messrs. Collins and Waller, Spiel-square.
Jacob Bagelmann, John's and Turkey Cuffee-h.
broker, Nov. 21, Dee. 1 and 2s, at ten, atGuil
Dies. Messrs. Smith and Ilenderson, Lemon-urn
man's-fields.
DIVIDRXDS to be nude at GUI"
Dec. 12, C. Cliffe, Goorge Inn, Commen
at ten. Dee. 12 G. Soutbee, Canterburi, g.
12, T. Rose, Briilport, I)orsetshire comnson-br
I lee. 12, T. D. Latham and J. Parry, De:oni
chants, at twelve. Dec. 19, L. and J. Kalil,
gLus.nierchants, at ten. Dec. IS, S. Bend'
iloston, factor, at ten. Dee. S, B. James
Lawrence-lane warehousemen, at ten.
Pennell, Bow-acne, mercies:as, at ten.

MARRIED.
Yesterday, at St. George's, Bloomsbury, by the Res. Szli'el
Rogers, James Cututingham, Esq. of 3lontego
to Mrs. Smart, relict of Robert Smart, Esq. of Ku p .".
'that Island, and eldint daughter of John Willis, ray. 31sT•=}
burgh-square.

PUICR OF STOC
Bk. Stock 2701271 i 271
Iledoced 77-1 77
Cons. 77i 78 7711
per Ct. ,
I. per Ct. 950
Navy 10Sit 1031

!KS YESTE.IIIIII%
Lg. Ans. 201-16
India Stock -:- •
India Bonds '661.7 pr.
Exch. Bills 19 20

- --- -
Cons. for Ac. 76 771 73
rii .

RPM 1Y ATER at iAni DON lOU DG "1.0-614 )1i ito
kkraiag • • 11 the 6
AfteAnno6 . :4 6

LU? lwit'sT: Iriat,al at Al publi,hri by

Flack
