DAY EVENING, FitAU,

• The following is aPnArirttficiall co p 5; of tbe Speech *film
• .
g of France, delivered. this day, on the opening of
the Session of the Chambers* •
" GenTuritsit—lt is always with the same satisfac.
that I see you assembled about my Throne, and
OM I come to lay before you the situation of France.
" My relations with the Pewees of Europe cootie*
to be Revisable and satisfactory. The affair of the Sae
alone offer some difficulties; but the treaty which lt
have lived with the King of England and the Empetii!
if Russia" has laid'the foundation of the pacification of
Hiatt I Nod I have still reason to hope, that the of
sf allies and my own will overcome, without thee.-
gloyetoot of force, the resistance of the Ottoman Pone.
The *fortunate combat of Nawarla has been at
stkocOasioa to give glatepieriket arms, and 4
*Mt usib Vledgced onion of the three flags.
• Therenisiola has loAg been the earns of sacrifices
ID es a they are de.oning to a tonelusion. Spain, being
secure 'pets its treaties% perseveringly runs herself in
'oder to stifle in her bosom the deplorable germs of
civil discord. Every thing indicates that I shall vary
.con be able, in concert with the King my nephew, to
rest re my soldiers to their country, and to relieve my
people from a severe burden.
" A rignroos blockade, which will not terminate till
the day on which I shall have received the satistactior.
which is due to me, restrains and punishes Algiers, and
protects French commerce.
" 04 distant shores, and under the uncertain sway of
isfant Governments. our flag has esperieoceJ some acts
of aggression ; but I have ordered just indemnity to be
rrquired,and have prescribed measures which will hence.
forth protect the foliose of my stitiects holm all injury.
"It I am thus able, Gentlemen, to look with satis-
faction upon our external 'affairs, the internal situation
of any kingdoin does not afford me fewer grounds of
letwity. •
•M You will perceive, by the documents which will be
• before yeti, that if the produce of the several lases
laneasedMpee some diminution, the sources of public
*midi have not experienced any durable alteration.-
-Ileerstedinary circumstances have led to an excessive
ittrocfittlie. for Which it will be necessary to provide.
I have Ordered my Ministers to lay the particulars of
Ails before you. and have enjoined them to have cop.
saintly in view a strict and judicious economy.
" I have called or son to take part in the military
promotions. The army will see in this new arrangement
the most decided proof of my good will towards it.
44 Tee peogressive development of commerce and
manufactures, which are the glory of pacific states,
has increased their waists and mho for more numerous
channels for the disposal of their produce. I have
• vr.d that a Minister appointed foe their interest,
shall,be-specially stringed to propose to me every thing
that May caknldood to second their cootinually in.
*Wyk.
4. Ha manic intimate the _connexion may be which
.sbeeld mist between religion and the education of out-
land, public instruction and ecclesiastical affairs have
appeared to me to Require a separate direction, •and
have-accordingly ordered them to be divided.
" Desiring to consolidate more. and more in my do-
minions the Charter which was granted by my brother,
and which I have sworn to maintain, 1 shall take care
that measures be pursued with wisdom and mature de-
liberation, to make ow legislation harmonize withlt.
" Some important questions of public administradon
have been pointed out to my attention. Being con-
vinced that the real rrength of thrones, under the Di-
vine protection, is in the observance of thelaws, I have
ordered these questions to be thoroughly investigated,
that the discussion of them may maks manifest the
broth, which is the first want of Princes and of people.
"Gentlemen, the happiness of Prance is the object of
all my wishes and of all my thoughts To.secure it, 1 ,
'shall kw)" bow to maintain the stress and tutelary
authority which belongs to my Crown. I rely, she.
Gendensen.l rely greedy, on the assistance of your wis-
es., and the harmony at your sentiments. The voice
of your King calling for the union of men of worth
cannot find here any but hearts disposed to bear and
to answer it.' .
A note stcAnpanyiag the.exprem states thi opening
price of the pet Cents. on the sth, at 70f ..15c.
uncut Till GAZlerts nu tics, DATED sits. 5.
JAN. et.
We learn frogs flakaikby a ship which has arriyetiii-
-15 days, that a Peale! hstler the Greek flag, which bid
entered that mat ander the pretest of making some in-
quiry respecting the' Collet Capo (Istria bad been re-
coignistsi as a poste and detairied.
Reasian Ambassador bad arrited at Egina, but
Isnslionsediately left it.
. his said that the Americans have destroyed Carabtium
The last letters Isom Constantinople of the 27th of
December say, that that city was still tranquil, though
great military armaments were making. Immense chains
wage preps, flag, to dose the entrance of the Dsrdanelles.
Thirteen ships of the line and some frigates were !king
out in the arsenal--two ship, of the line and one frigate
already in the pot rbetweea Tophatia and the Set aglie,
and a. squadron• of large and small vessels is in the D. -
dsnelles. The cargoes of corn of 88 Russian, English,
aad French vesselstave been landed for the account of
sloe Porte, which• not only took them-at aim y low price
to the great loss of the owners, but has not even appointed
a short period for the payoont, so that the Captains
were obliged to contest themselves with sacra receipts.
IThe Austrian and. Sardinian vessels have, indeed, been
hitherto allowed to pass the Channel of Constantinople,
t have not obtained firsans without diifitulty..-•
.ascpbarg amens.
PSTIIItSBURGN, Jae. 12.—Fart a !arras •
-Whets it was known that M. de Ittacatipteist had
for the Archipelago, the Emperor, it is said. gave
eiders to send a courier to These, command us War
Itlemediately to return to Cot fit, to join News. tioilie
mot and Strafford Canning. and in no case. to tempi
aka. Petersburgb before the developement at the efocaltp
,gei:sending on the Gi eek question. It is infested from!
his, that joint declarations are going to be mask by
*clicks Ministers before the executive nicasuresetecorrieo
~%
rote elites degtherg (Amite. • -
t Letters from Vienna ot sho asch, say that M. de .111069 ike•
taliWg to the gumbo embassy, left that city is the ad. fos
Triage, with dispatches troth Sr. Petersburg!) her Y. as iiiiirsur
pierre.,-Note of the Aparburs Guests.

VIOU TUB JouRNAL Oat DEBATB 0t tam. o. -
LEGHORN, Jatarany SO.
We learn from Zante, that part of the Egyptian vek- k
sell which remained at Navarin sailed on the 204 Of
January for Alexandria, with a great number of Greek
families. Ibrahim Pacha remains in the Mogen with
the greater part of his troops, waiting for his Esthetes -
orders. It is added, that a division returning to Alex-
andria has been attacked on the vrsay hy a Greek
squadron. but that it repulsed it. Lord Cochrane is
preparing to blockade Entail: Copt. Hastings blockades
Missolonghi. It iv said that he has taken possession**
the island of Vassiladi, and that he has put in it a gar
-mon drawn from the troops of General Church; who is
to act against Missolonghi on the land side. The Turks-
have no longer my naval force in the Marc., for whin)),
reason the G. eeks hope that the furtresses which they.
`still bold will successively capitulate for want of pro
visions. M. de Ribeaupierie was expected at Trieste
and at Ancona. It is now known that he has gone to:
Malta to cooler v•itit Admiral Heydea.:
Mr. Stratford CAMoisig. after pe• Forming gostrantinb,
Coen, bas ashen op hiwsimiJaktaboith his follul7
,the Lord High C•olittittiouests.
• WARSAW, J/4.10. •
The corps of Generals Rosen-MS quitted its-canton
meets in Volhynia, to entrr the kingdom of Priland. All
thevivil and military authorities are orderedeo givetke
Russian troops a good, reception, sad punctually toes's.'
ply them with whit they want.
- 15015 Till OINSVITOTtoWszt-OV IUCIDAT.
CORFU, Its. s.
yams • raivive LIMBS.
Ibrahim Puha has now shews the intentions which
oe has long cherished. It seems that his secret instruc-
tions were to send the inhabitants of the Peloponneans,
to Egypt lie his collected the Greeks who were is
Castel Tornese, those who have been confined since ths
beginning of the revolution in Coron and Modoo, nod
the others who have fallen into his power, and has em-
bulked the women and children oa.buard .twO vessels„
to convey them to Egypt. Thus they are going to end
the r days in slavery, far from their native land. We
ate assured .that when this pews reached Malta, the
Commanders of the allied fl ets instantly ordered their
tortes to steer towards Navarin.

:.4t

, .
_ Fusco yen% Fn. 4.•—inve per Cents. 104 Sr.—abler per
Cents. 70f.-43ank Stock, 1,911 t. 25c. Exchange on Laotian, Otot
month, 25f. 15c.—Two mouths, 25f.

COLOMBIA.

Letters have been received from Bogota to the 14th
of November. Guaysquil.aed all the southern provinces
bad immediately submitted to General Bolivat's autho-
rity on learning his arrival at the seat of Givernment,
thus imitating the example of the histrth. and. offering
the proudeir, tribute that could be rendeted tethe virtues.
..their liberator. Since General Bolivar assumed the
reins of Government, be has not_ ;{feted any of tbej
existing laws (defective as many of them at ti).as he would
not encroach on the duties of. the Grand Convent
about to assemble. but be has. reformed all the *ban
which had crept into the -adrifuistratiaucif minty dn.
partment of the &ate, and bad thus laid the foundation
for the return of permanent order and prosperity. Gen.
Bolivar felt himself so strong in the esteem of the pm•
pie, that he had sent back from Bogota to their re-
,spective stations in the different provinces. all the troops
lise had brought with him, except one battalion.
Advices had also been received from Peru, which
gave the strongest reason to believe that relations of
amity would soon be re-established with that country.
On the news of Mr. Canning's death, the Congress
being separated, General Bolivar ordered all the civil
and military cifLers to wear mourning for three days.,
and manifested himself the deepest afilaction, sending a
letter of condolence to the British Charge d'Affaires.
No. mention is made of the reported earthqukti
at Bogota. •
The following letter wag sent,-,10. the British Mom
d'Affaires at BJgota,and copies were distributed through
Colombia':. •
4, (VINT*. its.
64 Sir,—We were yesterday allbeted with the deepest
sorrow by the truly lamentable intelligesitior the death
of Mr. Canning. England, as 1411 as America; could-
not alone have lost, with the life of pee Orin, so much.
Of that which. is good I, and even the world at large wilt
feel. his lo'ss. were all beginning to reap the ad-
ivantages of his ptitto" ;rad and liberal policy. Greece
will mown Oyer the loss other protector, and America
wilt nevar,iCtelet that Me. Canning caused her rights to
'be resceete).': For itif, self, , I feel particularly grateful
fix tyt triumph which he ensured to the cause which I
defended.
1.
-/ItspanitywAsinterested in the'existence of this illus-
trinds man, who-with caution and 'solidi:lth Was realizing
that which the 'French revolution' had Illusively pro!
roised, and which . Anterica is "suCceisfully Carrying
into effect. In short, tidy dear Colonel, we shall never
sufficiently deplore the death of the heroic and sublime
Minister *how England has just lox ; and as Too,
more than any. other individual. are pat tictlarlr inter-
ested in this general sentiment, 1 feel the pain coalofla
to both, and I cannot omit to express this to i0n....114
order to diminish, if possible, the wtight of Dar miVA
fortune.
“ Accept the most feeling coplolence dini cordial
affection and 'perfect' ebieent.
Meted) " BOLIVAR.
" To Calomel P. Catapasknia Dritansie
Majesty's Clomp Miskestate.."
•


- CHINA.
The following .accounts irrspecting.the present rellel.!
lion in China hate reached us through the meaistatAt
the Malacca ()burger aad Chinos CAroaide of -Joly
By estraets frank Alia; Guettes of abs 22d, of Fe-
bsusry, accounts acre pecsivgd from Ele. .ChaelSiugs,
the Oeneroltissinso, ,efforts, shut by. the taints or rouse
emissaries be seine who spread the up= that the grand
Army *as gathering like clouds that would.soon torah
in a terrible nom on the beads of the rebels, the- Ma•
honsrusdans of Xhosa had delivereOrp, bound, fptir
of their let less, to the Chits's*, earA.bad put a hundred
at. their followers to death.
When the sett!' of the murdered Chinese residept at
Klioten.(whw was killed at the breaking out of. the In-
ortectio44, was tialirefed to chgarliug, %jib the foam
rebel learirsr..ltit fdlied an altar sad table dediGll44 t..,
the great offices s *be ;tad died in battle, ISriltip 114+
presto' War. and puttiog there men to.at slow and Tie
minions death, °feted 'heti as a sacrifice
souls of the, departed heroes,
