Ni!VAL lATELLIGENCIL

FALMOUTH, 3AIkaLVLY Ic.
Arrived the Portogto.se s; pop Caroline, Captain
CtItTA, from Viatin for Limerizk, with loss nt bow-
sprit and top-mast; the Active, Captain
from London.—Sailed the Bideford, C porin
for Bristol; and Mary, Captain SNELL,' for Plymouth.

DEAL, JANU.J.kY IR.
Remain the whnle of Oe out ..rar:!.h'und, still de-
tained by contrary winds.—Wind

RAM GATE, JANUARY I*.
Several coasters and other versels have come in
this last tide, from the Downs, for shelter.
HARWE'T-1, JANUARY is.
Arrived the Two Brothers, Joitvi,,N, applis,
&c. R.otterdam to London—has 1.),.t an -,nchor;
and the King Gcorge, T. Muitcrit, with 11 bosses
And troops f: tam Calais.—Wind W.

CARDIGAN, JANUARY 16.
A ship's boat, 17 feet and is ;aired on the
stern " Success, of L.:ml is, loins 13Ettnv master,"
has floated on shore it Ne ^ (2;:siy, about 18 miles to
the Litstwarsi of this post.

GASTLEBAR, JANUARY 8.
• A fatal accident has happened at Ballyerny, ►n
this County : One of Mr. O'Donel's boats vas upset
on the night of the Ist instant, in going from his
Lodge to the opposite shore, and five out of seven
persons unfortunately perished. T:►e names ..f the
sufferers are James Morgan, J. M,Donough, PatriCk
Kafferky, Patrick Lineghan, and Mary Kafferky, a
woman only a few mouths married. They have each,
except her, left from six to eight helpless children.—
On the same night two other boats, wi.h 13 perso-s,
were lost off Tarmnn, in Erris. Amongst the.num-
her, who were all Mr. O'Donel's tenants, was Mr.
Gamble, jun. of Surge-View. They had bleu on
board a large American ship, wrecked there, and
were lest remitting. The ship has since gone to
pieces—the crew saved.
GRAVESEND, JANUARY IS.

Sailed the Alcyone, E. Davies, toi• Jamaica; Proselyte, E. Mar-
ton, for liarbat!ocr; FrOerick, R. P. J,.ne,, for Baiia • Hope, J.
Rickinson, for Lisbon; Freekeit, 'l'. C. Knead, for 1111.:e..;
Ametle, P. J. Verbrugghe, tor Dunkirk; and Lismiena, V. Plug,
for Rotterdam.
NAVAL PROMO I'lOllS AND APPOIN ['MEN TS.
The Hon Capt. Capri, to the Mal:a.
Capt, Sir John Louis to the Eurutas
Capt. Ogle, from the Malta to th• Won.
:dews. Annesley and John itusstll (e) to the Cydatts.
Fitzmaarice to the lame.
Lieut. Robert Crosble, to the Bri
tHE GREY HOUND PACKET.
An official report h.ls been received, that the un-
der-mentioned persons were unfortutr.!cly drowned,
in consequence of the Greyhound Packet havin7
fouwiered on her passage from Cork to Bristol, ou
the ni?,la t.f the. 29-h ult. :
RETURN OF MEN EMAARKC D ON BOARD TDB ORCITBOUND
PACKEI, DATED A r CO;,K. DC.C. gS, lttl S.
Cork St; ff—Se:izant ‘tiaam Ly:;ch
9th Bet. Rona Deonis M`a:an.
lath Foot—I:molt
.sty Foot —Recruit John Day.
36th I.,:ot—Pr:vatts Bil•vard Richards, E.lward Wc`7l7, Pi-
ckard Fi:zl...rfs, Patrick Goo:In-hi, Eutcli,:r, Gec7:;e
Leonard.
37th Foot—Private Michael M'IVI-eton.
8741 Font—Private lames I '..
General St rvice--Pr:vatts Daniel Kelly, John Gagin, Jahn
M'Anerny, James Riley.
Oxford Militia—Private Richard Howse.
Private Passeucers—Dr. Lialhat.k, of Liuseri.k ; and 111,...5t5.
Fulham and Lawler, of Cork.
Total—Three Privwe PAjsetlzers, and 17 Soldiers.
The Lim.N.icZ Alva-titer has the following corrective
paragr.:ph concerning one of the Gentlemen (,rte
mentioned :`..46 The Gentleman alluded to in tf;2
above is Dr. SAMUEL C. Iit:THANK, of Dublin, nut
of this city, as erroueously stated."

During the late storm, the Good Intent, Hiewevsrte
master, of Maryport, went on shcr! in Mullock's
coast of Scotland.' The master and crew got sate on
shore. but the former, having hopes.of saving,the
vessel, collected tome seamen, and went off where
she lay, to endeavour to get her into the mouth of
the bay. As soon as they got on board, the bent
broke loose from the stern, and drifted ashore : this
I placed the men in a most pe;ilous condition, for the
vessel was fast sinking. and they called to the shore
for some men to bring cif the boat again or they
must all perish. Three men obeyed the summons,
but just as the whole were in the boat, it upset, and
three out of the nine were drowned.

Mlllllll ~esterday
Ice to the ia7k—Werii• . f, Spring- •
*Wag tlse greatest corilitsion.ey passirg
which elialled them to 0004. to
i'.dstriirg manner. - •
,airinfcrmed that the'robberf of MC LIOHT•
AT, Oa rrlday evening, of Battit met to the amount
of £9ooand a bill of egfetange. for £3O, in the Pas-
sage leading to the ro of Drury.laue Theatre, was
under very eatraordin:try circumstances. It was nut
his intention to go into the Theatre, but he w:s
merely passing thr cugh Russel-street, an:l happen
to be among the crowd in the street, at the iost,sot
the doors were opened, where he. A ititOTS,•Ril,te,i,
and carried in, against his will, acrd the r,,hl),:ry vas
committed.
PEDZSTRIANISM.Mi. JOIIN DiOGFIITQN, balccr, ref
Bath, began his pedestrian task of sixty min% in
thirteen hours, at four o'clock the r.p)rning of
Monday List, 60 the spot where Mr. STol;.:ts com..
plued his match. A little b,..fore six it began to r.ti.i
very hard, dand continuing so, he v.•.;; obliged t,l re.
sign his ntla'el taking at S.:NM minutes 17 sea•nds past
one o'clock, having gine_ 40 mills. It w-. 3 Tor a coo-
, siderable oi
On t!.ie Ist install a race, once vault, the .eriiiry
was run at Ccactick-bradgf, hy lv:zonei:, of 1::;; ti;..
ton, and of Scotnio, fot se.sl; w!:icis
was woe hy the formcr by ab..ut a distance.
CORN EXCIIANJE, JAN. Ig.—We have no fAsti
arrivals of :!ny Grain this morning, consequently our
market is very scantily supolie(4, having hut little
Wheat or Barry up since tvlonday, .1)4 ces of ail
Grain arcs nonamaily aa on that 441 but Wheat
would have sold readily had any opfse.tred, them
being * tolerable demand for that tistieta at present.
° ITHFIELID MARKEY.. JA3filaßY 19.
13,4 4od t• to t *gal t 4 14 ea
«' cts) *lt ykit •:{:WIOS to 5.
HA
ir.w.).—riga 430
HAY AND sTRAW, • 70X1".
Meadow 1-lay 41 u. to .1 0. Clover 51 00 19 GI 04
straw It ss to Al 101.

at the
garde
._ •

the
WI

- .

PIRATICAL SF4ThS OFB4lißeffir.

iIECITALS OF TUE DEPLORAIILE SITUATION, ORM

TREATMENT, AND IfoRRID SVFEERINGS OP THE

WHITE SLAVES IN AFRICA:
(Partitylare furni6lied to Admiral Sir Sidney Smith, by M. Mel.
Vehrie, Knight of Sr. John of Jiruialem, and of the
Royal Military Order of ht. Louis, of hi% captivity at Tunis)
" In an excursion which I made.in the Mediterra-
nean in 1793, on board a corvette under the Maltese
fl.sg, equipped as a cruizer' against the Barbary States,
I was taken, together with my fellow voyagers, and
arson thrown with them like a bale of goods into the
hold of a xebec, heaped upon one another, wounded
or not wounded, in a most cruel manner. Mouldy
b:Nciiit and livid water constituted our sustenance
Vs- five days. Extreme sufferings do not always
tut Initiate in death. The wounds which I received in
the actii.n before and dining the b4arding were not
dressed till alter the lapse of six days. We landed
at length at the Goletta, an imposing fortress near
Tunis. I WAS not able to walk—they tossed sue upon
a mule, and, by way of quickening its pace, they be-
labouted me wiiis their sticks and whips.
• " On entering Tunis, half naked, and all over
blond, the infuriated mob hissed and hooted, and in-
suited me ; inflicted upon me blows with sticks and
lashes with whips, kicked and cuffed me, spat in my
face, uttered horrid imprecations and threats, and
;assailed me with stones :—such was my reception. in
that barbarous town, which I momentarily expected
would be my untimely Tots dog of a Chris-
tian—you shall sufler—you shall be put to death !' I
exclaimed my tormentors, as they continued to beat
and outrage me.
" At length, in the midst of a horde of those Bar.
barians, one took me by the arm, another by the ear, ,
and twirling me round and round, asked ••4 How
much will you give for the beast ?' 'They then drag-
ged me through Tunis, to convey me to Bards, the
residarce of die Bey, in whose service I was'entered
as a slave.

44 Having one day repeated to one of my compa-
nions in m;sery, an expression made use of by the
Bey—, That.the ground that be trod upon contained
mines.of gold and silver ; but that he took especial
care nor to mention the circumstance, in order that
' he sulght not excite the jealousy anercupidity of the
Europeans, who would soon drive him from his do.
mains;' he came to a knowledge of the disclosure,
and me to h. put in irons. It is-the horrid
and insatiabl- thirst for gold which instigates those
Barbarians to die perpetration of so many atrocities.
For my deliver.nce, in the capacity of a Knight of
Malta, they required one hundred slaves, or 100,000
LatICS.

" Ere long I should Infallibly have fallen a victim
to the horrws of and a cruel captivity, it Mr. De.
votze, the French Consul, and Mr. Magri, the Eng-
lish Consul, had not come to my succour. I feel
happy in having it in my power to proclaim to the
world their generous and humane conduct, and pub-
licly to declare my gratitude, t:y publishing their
namts, and blessing their memory.
al It is in that barbarous 'country, that dreadful
abode of the extreme of liftman misery, where one
sees, as collected in a focus, all the horrid
that can torture the body and shock and appal
the soul.

" I Lave seep poor Sicilians receive 200 blows

with a bamboo opta the soles of the feet, then corn.
peas.' by heavy lashes of a whip to continue on loot
tneii painful drudgery; and it.trequel•tly happen%
that those wretel,es, quite worn out with hunger and
fatigue, would give half their scanty pittance of bad
bread obtain a remission of stripes:
14 I have seen respectable inhabitants of the islands
of tit. Peter and Sardinia, torn front that flames and
from' their country—men, women, chiliren, old men,
and Infants at the.breast—all, all indisctiminatcly,
dragged into slavery, and sold with less compunction
than the obdurate captors would have disposed of so

=any of the vilest of brute crueler—
• •" I saw, filially, tWo Nephews of the Dey pnt in
chains by his order?. These unfortunate young men,
confined in a dismal ani loathsome prison for several
years, partly in con'sequence of the horrid treatment
they endured—aad partly in consequence of un-
wholesome food and infectious air, had lust the hu-

man figure and appearance—l fancy they are still
resent to my sight—their eyes were ferocious, their
euiuur livid, their beards reached to their waist, their
arras were withered, their nails indurated.and formed
I,ke Aua ctaws of feline animals ;—in short, they
were steminply no longer of the human spccies.
• * • * * One day I was ordered to throw them
'tf:eir portion of black bread. ' 1 had scarcely time to
withdraw—they darted at me, howling and roaring
more fi.deoualy than will beasts. The sy,lit ha-rowed
up my soul and dialed my blood in my veins."
From this narrative same idea may be formed of
the treatment which the captive foreigners are doom-
ed to suffer in Africa.

N. B. Tile revolutions which have taken place
• since thtperiod of M. the Chevalier Debriu's capti-
vi:y, have put othir Bcys (some of whom were hu-
mane and enliAlitened Statesmen) successively at the
bead of that Regency ; but have produced no change
• is the system of the Government, whose policy is to
be incessantly at war with one or several European
States in turn, and to derive a revenue from the ran-
som of captive slaves.

The Countess of LOUDON and Motga was expected
to leave India in October last, on her return to
England.
It appears, on the authority of letters of the first
respectability, from Spain, that 'FERDINAND VII. as a
dutiful scut, lately applied to his father, CHARLES IV.
fnr.permissicn to marry, and that the father mew•
t.irily refused his consent. The question to be asked
is, Whether the son applied as Priti;e of dirtoriat or as
King of Sitain ?

FATAL DUEL.—it is stated in letters from the

Cape of Good Hope, dated in September, that in
consequence of a dispute in the private trading ship
Rirrosa, on her passage from Madeira, a duel took
place on the arrival of the vessel at the Cape, between
Captain HAWKLY, id the Itcyal Navy, and Major,
CLAsfN, of the East India Company's service, in
which the latter lost his life. Captain iliwicity is
brother to the Gentleman of that name who corn-
: wands the liarrosa, dui was going out as a passenger
to one of tfie India Pre:Wei:tics.
