Late Editor of the Calcutta Journall Author of Travels in Pales-

tine and the Countries East of the Jordan, Member of the Lite-
rary Societies of Bombay and Madras, and of the Asiatic Society
in Bengal.
The means by which the avowed purpose of this Publication will
be pursued, and it is hoped attained, will be carefully adapted to
the end in view; and include only such as are best calculated to
fulfil the following
GENERAL OBJECTS OF THE WORK:

To promote, by inquiry and discussion, the important interests, rt-
teeny, political, and commercial, of the British Empire in both the
Indies ;—to assist in disseniinating useful information on all sub-
jects connected with the past and present state, or calculated to
ameliorate the future condition, of the vast continents of Asia and
Africa, the aspiring nations of Central and Sonthern America, the
newly settled countries of Australasia and Polynesia, with the in-
numerable Islands of the Southern Ocean and the Eastern and Wes-
tern Seas ;—to open a channel for Communications on all subjects
of public interest from the distant Dependencies and Colonial Esta-
blishments of the British Empire in every quarter of the, Globerand
for appeals against oppression and .inhgovernment wherever they
exist;—to point out the me* vii4dieut means of -forwarding the
tardy progress of civilization and happiness amongst ignorant and
idolatrous nations, sdll in darkness and slavery ;—to lay before the
British Public tae earliest and most authentic intelligence of events
transpiring in their Eastern and Western Dominions;—and at the
same time, through the powerful agency of a well-regulated Press,
to hasten more particularly the religious, moral, and intellectual Im-
provement of the millions of human beings inhabiting the extensive
but degraded regions generally included under the denomination of
" The Oriental World."

•
AUTHORITTeS:
DECLARATIONS Or 7811111MS111 LEGISLASIIRT.
" It is the duty of this country to promote the interests and hap-
piness of the Native Inhabitants of the British Dominions in In-
dia • and such measures ought to be adopted as may tend to the in-
troduction among them of useful knowledge, and of religious and
moral improvement • and in furtherance of the above objects, suf-
ficient facilities ought to be afforded by Law, to persons desirous of
going to and remaining in India for the purpose of accomplishing
those benevolent desigus."—East India Company's Charter, 53 Geo.
111. cap. 155. sec. 53. July 21, 1813.

LAID= AVOWAL or TIM NAST INDIA COMPANY.
" The inhabitants of British India have the strongest claim on
the protection of the East India Company : it is the duty of this
Court to afford their energetic support to all measures that have a
tendency to promote the prosperity of the vast population over
which they prelde, and who are equally entitled with every other
class of British subjects, to the favourable consideration of the
Legislature."—Joseph Dart, Secretary to the E. I. Company, in an
Address to the Proprietors of India Stock, March 21, 1823.
On these principles, 'lnc ORMINTAL HIRALD and COLONIAL AD-
!WATS will maintain a constant communication between the Ori-
ental and the Occidental World : it will convey to those Abroad a
compendium of all that transpires at home, relative to their own
peculiar interests: aid it will give the fullest and earliest informa-
tion to thepeople of this country, of all that can be gleaned through
the vast field of their dominions abroad ; thus endeavouring to min-
gle pleasure with improvement, ani to make the gratification of
laudable curiosity and the promotion of useful objects mutually
conducive to each other's accomplishment.
It remains only to state, that the most effectual measures have
already been taken to secure a couttnued flow of Correspondence
, from every part of the Eastern World; to whichwill soon be added
Communications from the West; and no pains or expense will
be spared to render this Journal as worthy of British as of Indian
patronage. In the Original Articles written for its pages, great at-
tention will be paid to secure the variety which is indispensable to a
Publication that aims at gratifying Readers of almost every taste.
It will be the ambition of those connected with this Publication

to make it attractive in every department ; and to deserve, as far as
their zeal and capacity can drum it, an extenr of support, bounded
only by the limits that would necessarily exclude support from all
other undertakings—inability to command the means of offering it.

To conclude—lt is beyond a doubt, that, among the number of
retired East and West Indiana scattered over the face of England,
and enjoying the decline of life with honour and esteem, there is
.much of useful information, which would requirebitt a slight effort
of labour to communicate to the world. The ciaminations before
the several Parliamentary Committees that have taken evidence on
Indian questions, prove that there is no want of talent or of infor-
Illation, in those who are particularly qualified, by actual residence
in the countries, to afford it. The present opportunity invites them
to exertion; and, when an assurance is given, that every attention
will be paid to those entertaining the most opposite opinions—(the
great object of the Publication, in regard to sentiments, being to
" try all things, and hold fast that which b best")—it is hoped that
they will nut he backward to meet the call.
01UNNTAL HNIALD AND COLONIAL ADVOCATT will be CON-
ducted on principles calculated to meat the deficiencies, and accom-
plish the great ends, contemplated by the unexceptionable Autho-
rities quoted in the early part of the Prospectus, and further deve-
loped in the body of this Address. It will appear Monthly, in an
Octavo of about 150 pages, at the price of 3s. 6d. per Number ;
resembling in size, form, id materials, and expenae,the most
popular Monthly Publca of the Age.
Communications, bearing any relation to the subjects enume-
rated among the Genqral Objects of the Work, and illustrative of
events, cbaracten, scenes, or improvements, in Asia, Africa, Ame-
rica, or any other portion of the Oriental and Occidental World,
or suggesting measures that might be adopted at home for the ad-
vancement of knowledge and civilization abroad, will be thankfully
received by the Editor, if addressed (poet paid) to the care of
J. M. HICHABDSONb,II.3, Combat, London.
With a view to encourage the ezertioa of the beet talents. that
can be engaged for this Journal, Original Articles, written for its
laves, and coming within the deem aheeetY wilmented, will (if
approved) be paid for on a liberal wale. 3. 13. BUCKINGHAM.
Corms all Terrace, &genet Park, September, 023.
