dri Lll I

SATURDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 17, 1831. PRICE. SEVENPENCE.

N. 13,890.

SALE BY AUCTION.

TO CARPET AND OIL CLOTH WARRHOUSI-
MEN, TAVERN KEEPERS, PRIVATE FAMI-
LIES, AND BROKERS.

Upwards of 5,000 Yards of
EXCELLENT SEASONED OIL CLOTH,
Made at one of the first Manufactories in England.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. CAFE,

(By order of the Proprietor, without the least reservation),
At his SPACIOUS AUCTION ROOMS, Oust Marl-

borough-street,
On THURSDAY, Sermons fld, at Twelve o'clock,
THE Genuine STOCK of OIL CLOTH, con-
silting of the following dimensions:—Five pieces. 54
feet by 20 feet; twelve pieces, 54 feet by 8 feet ; slzteess
pieces, 32 feet by 23 feet ; two hundred pieces, of various
dimensions. peerage lengths, carriage and gig ditto.
May be viewed on Wednesday prior to the Sale, what
Catalogues may be bad.

GENUINE SPIRITS.
Imperial Measure. Ga!lox. Sealed Batle. Pent.
Cream of the Valley Gru —. 10s. (id. ... 2s. 2d... la. 4d.
Pure PATIN? Boats OS 12, 0 3 6 4
at the Distillery) ..
Old Jamaica Rau
Choice Overproof —. 3 0 2 0
Entire COOVAC &MOOT ...... 31 6 4 0
Strong %vans of Wars, 68 opf. 21 0 ........... 2 8
Taams.—Cask on Delivery in London, including Pack-
ages. Iris. Flasks second for travelling Hall Gaon. is.
Gallon, IL6d. Two Gallons. 1.. rid. Three Galles; 3s. 611.
Pour Gallons, 4.. ed. Glass Bottle. 2+. 6d. per doses.—
Allowed for on return. HENRY BRETT,
109. Drury Lane. London.

INDIGESTION, HEARTBURN. &c.
BUTLER'S COOLING APERIENT rosvoluts.

THESE Powders produce an effervescing'
draught extremely grateful to the palate, as well as at
the maw time a milt sad wading Aperient, yoculiarly
adapted to relieve Indigestion, Hawthorn. and Nausea, and
counteract acidity is the stomach. If &greatly takes, they
will obviate the seasaity of having reconrae to Calomel, Ep-
son Salta, and other wrong and nauseam medicines, width
often debilitate the system without producing the desired ef.
feet. When taken after too free an indulgence in the luxuries
of the table, particularly after too such wine, the asual die•
agreeable dam are prevailed.
Sold is boxes at to. 9L by Meats. Bunk?, Chemists,
Cheapidde, Comer &St. Peal's. Landes, and the principal
Druggists and Loksellgra.—Of wheat may be had,
BUTLER'S IMPROVIID DAFFY'3 ELIXIR.

This peepststioa (made with the &wet Datady), will be
bead emit erpaise r asty ether. ha haWpLat beaks.
at 2a. itd.

N.B. Ask far Badses Coding Aperient Pubs

PERFUMERY AND COSMETIC MANUFACTORY,
No. 8, BUDGIE-ROW, LONDON.
PROFESSOR MULLER'S PERUVIAN
VEGETABLE BALSAM. fir Ciestiemen's mu,
sumo% tapes oath before the Lad Mayer as bebg the fret
and only snide that ever has be.. iatrodsced se CAWS the
straightest hair to ad. Massy easuportitisas have be.. .d-
-verified wiliest deer. nap J. F. MULLER's ROYAL
CURLING CREAM, prepared specifically for the Qin;
to keep the bar is nut after being theses& but mane to give
it that isavvisbed.tor moment which will be rata is Ws
invaluable article. This isimitelde Curliag ad Cleansing
Balsam is extracted and sold by Mace and Ca. at their
Chemical, Opunetle. asd Perfumery Warehouse, No. S.
Badge-mew, Wading-street, City.

Professor MULLER'S PERUVIAN sitirronA.-1
TIVE ; or, the true Vegetable Coding sad Cleansing
BAUM, is presented solely by Moller and Co. hawks pur.
chased the redstart right of istroshirlog h is Chair Friends
and the Public farm another brands of the late Professor
Millers sandy, whose tide to thus used sad iniaskable
discovery was for male trate slasbtfol; or it 'mold brag ere
this have made its appossanoe. It is ram offend with
=Wear/ by the Proprietors to these who an hold from
illness or mbar ceases; and to dime wile are desiroar at
preserving their hair so am awes= old age. hem falling off
or tansies grey from theosatiastal ascot heated buns to curl
it, and ardent spirits dui mbar hamper preparation to clean
it, he. Muller and Ca. beg inost-respeethilly that striet
at-
tmdos may be paid to their direedose frauds; the !Islam.
which will arrompany every bade cerstaiaing this elegant
arida. It will cause the suomansbbers 'sleight hair so cal
beautifully is a short time, and San its Int resemble cow
position it desires mild and aradagent ?serener ; it gives
beauty aril suing* to the weakest hair, and imparts so it a
delicate former, espial is the Professor's Royal Estract
14 Flowers. or King William's favourite Perfume, mails
originally for his gracious Majesty. This itighly.ap.
preeistal Palms will oho produce Eydreaws, Mosescidos,
Whiskers. sad Oohs ms the Hada. Price 3s. fri. Is. and
Ifs. per bestir. It is ariedy repeat from she original
Recipe of the late OTTO CHRISTIAN MULLER,
Pude:soma Rotary, and Imams" 4 dm ifallowiag
Linea sickles for dm Wm r.-11 ilk of Lilliss far the Co,.
pleolon, Erysipelas.'" St. Anthony's Else. intoned Nye%
Itiorione), itz.--" Russia; Hail Dye."-0 Psamiaele aft
*PAW. for the Ouswsb of iLeir."--" Coil Crease of
limns for the Skin,"—and µ The British Aromatic
Tooth Powder and Tiorastre. As. las. Alt *I which may
Of bad Otnoins by applying se the lblanufaciorr,
Bodo-row.
Also. Mullet's Perfoosed Spills 4 Lavender. Imperial
mem of Roses for the Cbseits ; Royal Curling Ceram;
Rears' Newer; Gags; Pomade Duthie; Bair
qgeg ds Its; 11, 11.. W d'Aearies &elver de la
Reim, Et. Ass. •
jpapeei4 Weide Sok, so reveot Fraud. at le 3d. per
;Soule. small! .s$ at la. lid. Soper= Wriessc loft. (sr
Muds sad Reateds. at 4d. pee Boumy usysUy said a, Ea
11. p. To pail couaterfeita. every artieie rig beat
silt
feast of *, ritAajoell Akalib..— Medicine Chats Sued
up. with toOPE likessiono. lire use.—Pimariperstra ass
tanwely diepemod.
• Miti4olll4ad Cart** °IOW *Poe libisAl roma.
44ff11404 gf i 4 Swim of * ampeaoit V. 1144 4114
I a Austeentim ra i4eit WNivas. as Casasista. Droggisis.
Perfursters.....A inoiraire premium earwig •
tL_P• iNAith frOW 0.4 covtitcy wowl44tersi.
All Letters mint be rut raja,

PROM THE LONDOY GAZETTE, &p/. IS
WHITEHALL, Sim 15
The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be
passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of press
Britain and Ireland, granting the dignity of a Baronet of the
said united Kingdom to the following gentlemen, and the
respective heirs male of their bodies lawf.Uy begotten, viz :
Lientesant General John Slade.

Lieutertant.General Sir William Anton. of Birch.hall. In
the cassey palatine of Lancaster, K. C. B.
Liemenant-Gen. Kenneth Mackenzie, of Gkubervie, is
the toasty of Kincardine.
Vice•Adaskal Sir Robert Waller Otway. of Brighdaelm-
stoat. is the county of &teeth. K.C.B.
Mitior•General Sir Archibald Campbell, G.C.B. and Lint.
Governor of New Brawariek.
Augustus John Foster, of Stonethoose, in the county of
Louth,: Esq. his Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and
illinieter Plenipotentiary to the King of Sardinia.
Sir James il'Grigor. of Comptlea.hill, in the county of
Middlesex. M.D. Director-General of the Army Medical
Depleting:at.
Rohm Way Harty, el Prospect Houle, Roebuck, in the
County of Dublin, Rag. Lord Mayer of Dublin.
Colonel Job. Thomas Janos, of Crantner-hall, in the county
of Norfolk.
Robert Greenhill Russell, of Checlorra.Coant, In the
County of Buckingham, Req.
Chaytor, of Cleft, in the county of York, and at
Witton.costk, in the county of Durham, Req.
William Wrixon Becher, of Ballygiblia, in the county of
Joseph hitch,i of the Hasler, is the county palatine of Lan-
caster. Esq.
Robert Gmpbeil, of Carrick Buoy, in the enemy of Do-
negan, Esq.
Wilfrid Lawson, of Brayton.house, in the county of Cum.
Berland, E.g.
John !Cogent Humble, of Clencookeran, in the toasty of
%Ta •ta, Esq.
James Maids Lloyd, of Lancing, in the county of Snore,
Require.
James Gibers Craig. of Riccarton, ia
.ttte county of Mid-
Lodatao,
Jew ington, of the city of Limerick, Req.
Theodore limy &Maras Broadhead, of Biatteo. or Monk.
Broths% in the amity of Torii, Esq.
John Colman Raleigh, of Pridouts. is the county of Gam
wall, Esq.
J— Caasphelloof Barcaldbte, in the county of Argyll, Fsq.
Percy Fitscld Nageat, of Damn, in the county of Wen-
neatly .
Johs AMU atheet Waltham, of Knill.onut, in the county
• Heeeford, Esq.
Heygote. of Southend, In the roomy of Rases,
Rog. one of the Aldernass of the City of London.
Thomas M'Kesny, Esq. our of the Aldassios of the sky of
Dublin.
limy Man, of Thesbald'a.park„ in tits army of He/t-
-iara, Req.
Charles Mass/ell CLariteof Dusk's-Sedge. is the county
of Norfolk. H. D. mu of the Physicians in Ordinary to
her Maiesty.
WHITEHALL. Sore. IS

The King has bees timed to "dims keen patent to be
passed under the Great ad of the Voiced Klngiont of
Great &kale ad Inked, eoefeeksg the barter d
epos George , IL D. asd Swipes k
treiZawlli stry.
/bends
ST. JAMES'S PALACE, Barr. 111.
The has bees pleased to confer the honour of MON.
hood upen Lieutenant-Coined Frederick Sad* C.wearad.
in Enka/ of the London dkuiet, •
Keiji* ad the Royal
Hammett. Geelphie Order.
The iteg was this day pleased is new the boom d
t Yoaoaji.pse Llent.-CoL Alesuader Ariake, Cos.
W elk. Mast Resourahle Military Order of the Rath,
lewd !Usk of the Royal Pawnees. Militia Oder of the
Tower tied good.

The tko su Motley pleased ee totem the balsa d
Epee Thanes Eranehre, Est. Mayer d lA.
weeper'.
The IL*: gas ibis day pleased t seder the hostoste d
Kalghatoed upon Robert 0111. Eat. Liastotast of his Ma.
knots Gard d Tessnaory of the Omar/
ST. JAMES'S PALACE. arr. 13.
This day Isakardienee of her Maleety the tauten :
Dares Wow. Fowl Eatraortikiary and Minister Ne.
dpeteotiary diem the Kim of Prussia : and Corot Men-
&lsiah, Envoy Extraerdiesty mid Minister Pianipotesulary
frau the Was of Wurteasherg, to delver letters dram their
Sonereigsts.
ST. JAMES'S PALACE. Sure. 17.
The Wog was this day pleased to beset Rear- Adatiod
Sr Geer, Scott sod Sir Thomas Daub; erith the congas
of freight* Cssunaoder• of the Meet Ifenousidefe MlStsey
Order of the Ruh.

By eameasail et the !Word" Beer-Adstieal fir Gawp
Scott wee eciatheumt, with the easel remeacea. to Ms Ma-
jolty, pecaded by Sir George Nailer (die Caen d Areas
atteadast apes the Kaiaks Caatetaataro). bearing apes a
crimson velvet eavklea the -- tibbaatl, sal badge at the
1101411141 thlll of the Order.

The wad of state beiss *weeps &leered to his Ma-
jesty, the Rear-Admiral laweliag, was !slighted thersodth ;
after which he had the&moor to hiss his Majesty's had.
The Kiss was this day *mid to ranter the hammer of
Kaishthood epos Homy Oprissi. Eat. leak: Esse of
his Majesty's Muni at Tomas tithe
The 'Liss was dile day rimed to cosier the bellallf of
Knighthood apse Dewy Models, Rag. Ideattessot Ills
Moray's Hasiortalsie Nand of Oeottesses Pesdostera.
The K* was this day pleased to wafts the heasor of
ICsighdasod spas Rickard Bortas, Ems. Senior Member
Ills Majesty's Illsoosrable Ilsod at academes P.
wooers.
OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, Sept. IL
Royal Regimen of Artilleer—Sucoud [Atomism Marjo
Inset to be Fleet Idesseitset. sloe Medal. deceased.
OFFICE OF ORDNANCE. Sept. 13.
Royal Regiment of Artiliery:-L-Captild had Brevet Major
Jobs Chewer to be Lietersast Cidebel. vice Claw, de-
ceased.

Second Captain ices Gee6se to be Captain'. ,be Meter.
First Lieutenant therp lams v be &eon! Captain. vice
&Wee.
lociod Lieutessot WUtiana FAIIMIN !Wad to be Firat

Linierunt. vine Juno.
Coreohnione missed by du Lai Lienteeent of the connty
et /naves.
Tbe Ibibt Hon. Edward Hest d Moneta' to be Deputy
Limonite.
The Hoe. Irelwer4 Termer. conesonly eallel Vitamin
Taw. to be ditto
Cenentielione aired by the Lod
&Lionesses et the mussy
di FM
Meept.-Col. Jobs T. Hop to be Deputy Mutton: ; Ids-
for Jahn Daliniloo be 4..
Fib Milleis....Jatem T. Her. Eft. to be Linet—Culoed.
vice Holyttee. wise retiree Jou Dalsell, 719. to be
Hajar. vim OM*, who retiree.
C.asudide• Sipa by the Lord Lieutenant .1 die eft.,
of Lbsols.

RAO Timid' IM.sk itirsiSat af liilitia—Wailaso
ward Tann," Zack se be lAtioname-Cdomd. rice
Munk resio bynad.
Csaradadost els Lad Lissaaast et fiat Coast, al
imer=Saati Wastrimeryaldte Gime Myna s.
t. 4 .toe &a pa Ombra CAM& WS;
nom, e • Waist otatsow IhnitS. ask, ea V I
Prat Lapsasaes ; lam ems. MEL as is
dim 1 Thanes Um**, ams. tabs fhossat Liesimeeee
Matthew gram Leeds. to be
• 911111111/SPTIL
Wiliam Aosta. Irbsiasoist. Wasivisk bomasasw. e.
gag sikaie Oka Wit 30. ie diela. aid Ole at
ev" sa as s4fts. of assaaisisaats. Amy
Wafter aid ems, Hoassirstresa, lisseissa.

Thome Parke Rost. Portpool-lane, currier. Sept 27, at
sines. 30. at twelve, and Oct. 28. at one, at the Court of
Commissioners. Attorney, Mr. Rippiniam. (heat Pres.
emotreet. Goodman's-Set&
Charles Seville, Clapham-Conarroo, upholsterer. Sept. 23.
at twelve, 30, and Oct. 28. at one, at the CASK of Coo-
mitalosers. Attorney. Mr. Davies. Pal.grave.plaer,
Temple.
John Reynolds. Padrea.court. CelemanArtreet. peas,
Sept. 20, at one, 23. at twelve, aad 0ct.211. at oar, at its
Court of Contrulealesers. Attorney. Mr. Lofty, Kink
eras. Chearside.
Jobs end William Meller, Caetlertreet East. Oxfaed
Market. working jeweller.. Sept. O. at Wm Oct. a. at
half.past nine. and U, at eleven, at the Court of Cam.l
miatimen. Attorney. Mr. Swan, Bell.yard, Ltectore.
Cameos.
George Wakes. KisgaloaLroad, Sboreditelt, timhermare.
dray Sept. ri. at twelve. Oet. 7, and 28. at dere*. at
the Court of Commisaioners. Attorney, Mr. Dade. Nee.
timenbarland.areet. Strand.
Jolla Stephen %Mord. Paisley-Lodge Academy, Etdeld-1
highway. boartling.home keeper, Sept. 0, 30, and Oct.'.
23. at demo, at the Court of Camtnishicsers. Attorney,
Mr. Leek. fiervey.atmet, Strand.
WSlisma Thomson, Upper Tbilllkes-Weet. wise-merchant,
Sept. 20, at ten. 27. at eleven, and Oa. 28, at ten. at the
Cam of Commit/mum Attorneys, Maas. Bartlett
and Deddeene. 27, Nicks/same. Lembo:Caner.
Jobs (ha.. Jewry.stree. Alagate. wine-mertittekt, Sept.
27. at eleven. Oet. 4. sad 01. at tea. at the Court of
Commissioners. Amway.. MUMS. Kirkman and Bush.
mined. 11, Catrn-etreet.
Edward Hulk Gallery of Arta. Ilegentmseet, picture.
dealer. Sept. 27, 30, and Oet. 28, at darts, at the Coat
of Commissioners. Attorney, ]lr. W. Hoit, 37, Thread.
needle-mow.
Wm. Butler, Raartas, Nottiagliamshire. Sehencrogee. Sept.
27. at twelve and two. air Oct. 28, at Zees,, at the
Whit* Hort las. East Belford. Attorneys, Metora. Mee
and Iligsby. and Mr. G. Ttlaraliall. gar Retied ; and
Marrs. Hawkins and Blozam, Noe fliosseil.ceurt. Ca.
rey.etreet.
Edward Gibbs Piero/Ott and William Plawrigh t.
next the Sm. Nerielk wine sasectrat. Sept. Id, at fort.
22. at sine, and Oet. 28, at two. Attorneys. Mr. T.
Gertnetd. Wells; and Means. Swain. Stephesa, Ma**.
Pearls. and Host. Frotleeklea.plampeld Jewry.
William Withers. Holt, Norfolk. 'maw aeriseser, Sept.
27, at halt, and Oct. 28, at one. at the Angd Inn.
Norwich. Asteenam Meters. Mitchell and Clarke: Wy.
siosilham, Neefolk; ad Mr. J. Teakins. ilara.coss,
Temple.
James Mwirbeadl. &Mee, Deb/shire, imakeeper. Sept. 22.1
311. sat Ott. 28, at demo. at the Royal Oak Ina,
Cheadle, Stares/Aim Attorneys, Mr. F. Jeri'. Chu.
esty.lane t and Mr. A. Vitat. I/soarer.
Rolm. Gear, Warped. wietsallie. Sept. 20, 30. and
*Om. 28, at two, at the Ilacestles BuiUlaga, Llearpri.
Atteeseys, Metre. Taylor adEwa., Kit
bßzw.cli
Walk. Tem*: Worm Loyale
LivespoeL
DIVIDENDS.
Oct. 7.1. Loosso, Wm/aghast. had', at Mae. at the
Cast of Coatialadaters...oet. 4. S. Beard, Little Madigan
Mess. Htsanemnaare, emillar. at tea at the Conn oil
Commialimara.-.0m.7. S. Wilma sad J. Libyans. Dall.l
sitith.earear, allhate. at elms, at dr Cow of Comeek.
alasma-Or. IL H. Waidlegtos. Beidgoomeet.
Slate, smarelust. at twelve, at the Coon of Commiermetai
Oct. S. J. J. Vallettoa. 011 Camallithrtreet. Oxford.
swat, IFIVOCII rusairmataaa. at aim. at the Gear ogees.'
mietionsra-00. 7. M.& Sawa" Erldlinelle-Qattre
Yoeluthire, men.fitter, at one,, at the Cause of Commis.
aleters..-00. it. K Eddy* Momiagitem. Ye halloo,
wereted.spittars at deem. at ON Sun ha. aradtord-.1
Oct. 10. I. Swift, Laserad. &disdain sea., at amtr
at the Rattle Its, Lam.ead -Oct. 15. S. ;Ind J. Cartiedge.
Limeola. umashaam, at alma, at dr Santoro Mead Imo
hotelier.
CF. it?' FICATRI-Oct 7.
D. Salostas, Illiradaghtm, jewetilte-J. Shay. elsateer.l
Itememtesit. Clbatterfame-agnate. plater-IT. liardeu.l
Osfamtionet. allk mercer.
PARTNERSHIPS DTIMILVED.
J. Clarke amid W. Sheyherd. Barmier, Toad/re. attar.,
saya-J. Srldtand Cm Oundtr. Morthamptonahre. Ira here I
-M. Chemiltain and J. Jackroa. neystoed. Laneadtire,;
canoe sploweee.-W. 1/1 weasel so/ Co. [loader. Tomb ire, I
thermal atakon-J. std J. Taylor. Manchester. udder-I
A. Wails ad J. flikeeldssmo. Wortley. sear Shad& terna-1
hearer ad mgar of lead--A.and N. Wean'. Pailladues‘ I
street. Wasiesissrat. eargerna-A. and G. &tight. Aloes.
tai. Dena. pia eaten -J. Tate sad 1. Raider* illirmaing.
ham. essrasere.-11. airy an 4 O. J. Conetahlo, JaMtaas
attest, Old thareLlaae. Where-AL A J. 11. (onto, Fire.
bury{/ace. mentants--It. Owes and W. Whiaten. Bir-
oriasian. redoes -D. Steiresam sad W. Owning, Brink.
SOH em.
ilyste-NI. Roberta and Ca. Conway. Coe.
nenramithe. gram
Six smite Avrage of Wattar, Eh. ilia; KaaLlti,
31a. Aid s Oars, 211 a. 911. Sere, Sis. 1011.

ADDERS 2 y he INHABIT/NM do/ Norm=
itiounts A. du XING of 24V.1111.41.14
of POLAND.

It le sera years ism the Adana of the *seam
&B ale week rise eit against the yoke of the
crescent. tad despising superiority of fames ad
the 4aragsr of ban exterminated. they heisted the
of fsewless sad etweaseseol a liadly east-
bat. Yaw Majesty was the first of all the Euro-
pean Priam. who, holsourag the matinee! of ii
berty. eves is the ham of the people. deigned is
past the gaseous IMICCOMT. sad by din leading
sa ail to the sympathy of Isaias revoked the'
istaveatin of do Greet ['oval. sad pre the
first imp ales far declining the balance in their
favour.

In our days agois, a aragassintous nation has
began a desperate combat to ratusquer And is
moat precious ii histanily—Sharty sod equality.
For sissy assetbs die earth has bias steeped with
the noble bleed of the Poles, shed to mower those
rights irons their oppressors, which is 181.5 Eu-
rope bad assured to them, sad her fear greatest
powers gsarasteed —rights which. is coo•empt of
die w osiers* treaties, tyranny as .I despotisms
hare dared to meat frogs then.

, Frogs all parte the eaanieseas voles of wagons is
raked egoism tbe preerediogn of the en:. The
Relief that er4tb the rate of Poland the hour of
slavery Is Poundal for the othet states of Ds-
cepa. as well as for davit Princes, is prefatorily
cognirts wpm minds. sad is
**stilled
beta
I fames. deetaratiOn of the autocrat. that be
hisieelf gaged upon te re-estabrish everywhere the
antis* ender el things. Primes will partake of
do ibis digit people. We here still fresh hi
wwwwitr ihd &dales& language which of lase I
,floes Ramis be. wad *wads less pawasfill
ltinr ohm she 1 lobed opus and beacali as bar
Istandi
'Mae* this gamma' Talky of suits's, shielel
rben blamed no it wee neeemead wit! busiiiisy.l
awl ebbe Worms, bee toolkire **elf * pertiewkwl
1111Cierittri 11114 to roam! .fterifirea a- ayaipatty,

owever, now exacting a sore acsi,.e at.d ,s,:••-•tril
aid, and demanding that sovereign* a.lsall deeiv-o
loudly, that they have taken the fi•m rest; nto
cause respect for the inviolability of treatie.
That they shall pronounce final) tl.ts *peat ward
of safety, they bare she assurance of their is-ople,
who wait with impatience the signal of coml./attar;
in favour of this truly sacred cacsr. Tl,e tio:t7iiti
Colossus has now cemst..l to be foiniidahle; a 3t/U4'
time bas elapsed since 6e dream of the invincibi-
lity of her arms has v4nisliki3 in *LP ;wads of Bul.
garia, and the hrefr :lb) come :then the boroie
struggle of the Poled ha* unveile4 all weak-
Reef

What people besides are mlre a 0.11,y of olr
sympathy and assist sure than this rrcble nal NI sof
the Poles, which a century and a *go, aver
the great Sobieski. generally porwed fore, Its
blood to preserve us front the chains of ii essul-
mans. Witbout her valour, n ithout her devotion,
the yoke of the must hideous barbarian would
bare been imposed upon Eorore ; u ithout her aid
we should hare been the abjcrt slaves of es fish
tan. It is. then. to her—it is to her enersgo that
st all. people and in lUCtil, are indebted for what a s
are. and what we hare—our arts our sciences. ow
civilization, our liberty, esti our laws—ell. za. a $
the work of the Pelee.

And ami are the tranquil spectators of she «sr
of extarsoist. *ion which savage hordes *re this der
tasking, who after having hiJefteated in fr esisic
down this Laurier of civilised Europe. Aril) t
submit also to the empire of the kwitit. %I wait
in inaction until the 'misfire whie pre:eiltv an i
follows their pestilential steps shill hare Inc?' 44
its ranges to our own homes. sad made Oia
Cul plains one vast field of dads.
hire—The ties of gratitcde and omit own lictutt
preservation proclaim imperiously active e*siftair2i:,
for the Poles, who bare commenced a struggle. 10.4
for the pleasure of revolt. but in conielWstle of
the most revolting violation of their rights lm ti; ,s
most cruel oppression and mast odious WM*
anent.

It is to your Majesty—to the constitoti.:•i .1
King of free Bavaria tint helows now the hon-
our of marching, as you slid helore i.t hr0..0. os
the Hellenists, at the head of firilizAiel. Tice
great exemple yon don bare will produce * simi-
lar effect now. The proud Sorenrign of ties rsoi
will lend an ear to the words of justico proll4tnie, 4
by a prince. who, surrounded by the dose phitiatts
of a devoted people, sees himself also sided hy
sympathy of all nations abs alike partake of WO
opinions sad &at resolution to perish, rather ti. la
bead to the yoke which the mwthins despot ps :-
pares for as.

- Sirs—May oar voice. espresehle of thetruts
lore sad tbo most refound reopeet.—tray it sot.
se eay. Feria is the air, but be joigeti worthy of
aummura to. May Ibis eittaaall of earriiiic
to do Lagting riot tie story of BseartS. sod of
se air for its sovereign die befteefieauks of due
etainuse. bo Wood to pro& ; is fuse, any the
ammo of year Majesty, eiholarated in Watery iikt
time of Gelesesis doleirbest sad Sahli:Oki. be that
of a day of eery awl of pride for Reeraris.
TO S 11110.ANTA Mrs tiff SW:VIM
11.4VAX114. • .•

LATAYILTTIVSIRIMEMINIIII IPCM .11411
lemon-sox lit X 01 01.1.1:111

TI bliiister for Fora ige adelis hers Seil,l ,easy,
gentlemen, Met be meld bad no Alameeziou :110.
tweee dve Was that bad bees vtat.ed to ,w:n For
sey pots it is meek lees to an association of Aiple-
static dims so that of mond ideas Abet 11 abetild ap-
ply toper ea the present Acca•ioe. Under two
dearest clerninstancea. of the .iwove nature, the
conduct of the coreraweat has bees base
eite. Is Italy I Ulm muted with wee' se v.—
Tan hewn wits Amelia tate poesesinue ids funtiter
pardon of Italy, but I hope Ave Mil suck metered
to return into it *pie. The uwasones ,ca- Go-
etramest ishether ter esitinciag the rules:qe of ?d-
-emote wh• tam ;bee* pirated -if 1 wry use the
term— by dm Amadeu Bevy, or ter eserteing Abe
gram of Miamians to flesavgns—if it be time
that my are greeted—have. ,oeswitiveme ot
feehleaese of ilia Apt maps. apt net mit% all
the seems. that Mgt* fume hem expo/act:,
is fact, gmillemes. these priamers eta lime
been demended sae sot yet at rty.
Wids regard to lleAgiem. it Isbennul Mader a
conater rereletios; the patriots were .thecomirec.,e
and at a esteem. the danger was pressing and o
the some thee aeforeseas. Here I Gad so caum.
fer reproodi ; lint in the contra,. one for eulo-
gies". for the moment the Anew was knows,
P sad trigerms measeres were tskeo o vied
It., Geodemeo, het al fetters 'a die policy
of the first days of die Beraleties —let es hold
towards husk die same hinging* we mad lobes
we riveted her from mewing Belgium 1 e
se wee bore dose. for de is -
riep=of Poland, bet at f)fiessut a greaser
imager due ewer beep over her. from the lam6lity
mowed and practised by Preemie. Poised los beve
strangled by Preesla. AM it as is Prussia dist Row
eta #ass piaeed bar principal reliance. It is by
Preset** that the aillaildt foe of coartmeleatiee.
which bad tom broken, is re-esioblithed. The
Meister for &maga Altars has spokes ef the Bel.
gibe frestiose Wag SO lingoes fro= the capital.
and of the dilieskies of aegotiation arisiag frets
each distasce. But, geademeo, here is a fwasicr
much nearer to us. AM Mire Prussia ha* he-
move the avowed snewy of Pain& I entreat tbe
Goverment* to employ not wily fetllollldranee. Let
more effected mesas of pirettcfam. For, hot-
ever repeatedly. we may my we will sae; a cer-
tale ens to be does. and at the same those give
ma-victim that if di. act he done, so comequentes
will follow it, it will be better that so such re-
monstrance sheeld be mode. Ism far from t.rrurt-
sag the geed will of Austria towards Poland.
sad anew bet be omitted of the ill sill of all
those powers towards whatever may b e Attu:Lied to
Aviv Revelation. lam belied to believe kris. ee-
-1 lightened as I env by etperieere eaf the post ; eel
point out as tee most premise. danger the
hostility of Prussia silkiest Pelted. All her

eammositatiolui ssa voppedi both by Prussia
mad Almeria—is fad, the Prweien Government
'of the presest day is finitely is favour of %Auk.
By usiogetroog language—the langitageof the int
,drys afuer the erns, of Juiy—ymi with throw oh •
stacks is the way of this dame at thins, esd thme
' is not a moment to be Jost. HMI IN bees mkt
of regent thsasto s ; g does, dellags them, Gen-
nianins. sod eritaisiy ass siat Es suss esaiseamt so
• IMMO, perehM thrtiretraise *UMW.. Due f Amy
!tie permitted to restart tlm *a Sam se memo&
but those n! it h come thitosife a boat& thatiaeL

~,..\_...!(/4
( (.1
0/T ,
0 • INI°II44ID2b
_ ' 1788.

Tl•e Emperor of Russia, though certainly at a
) -sauce from us, had prepared to arm himself
Tuiost us. lam ignorant of the extent of injury
t I.e Emperor may at present be able to inflict upon
hs. Ey tensive movements are spoken of in the mili-
tary colonies of II tussle .a nd that2oo officers have been
liaryfed. It has brim sail, the Emperor compared the
condect of the it-ism:tents of Novogorod to that of
the rebels of Poland and of France, who were •all
aNimated with the same spirit. Yon know how he
1!•:s treated the Polish rebels, and may easily judge
1,1)%t would hi: treatment of the French rebels,
he had the nw•itts of reaching them. I there-
-I,re insist urv-1 thr immediate acknowledgment of
Poland. Ti:., moq urgent step, however, is to
prevent Pressia from overwhelming Poland, and
therefore 1 conjure the Government to display the
most determined resolution on this point, and use
towards the Prusaian Oabinet the language which
it could not fail to comprehend in the first days of
the Revolution, since that language prevented it
interfering in the affairs of Belgium.
