IiKbIiNGTON, Esq.

" That Hanes Sr. GEORGE TCCEIR, Esq. having, in the course
of active service in India, comprehending a period of.t.tventy-three
years, discharged the functions of several of the highest Civil:Officci!
in India, especially those of the Financial, Revenue, and Judicial,
Departments, with a degree of ability and success that repeatedly
obtained for hint the t ccorded approbation of the Authorities both
at home and abroad (as fully set forth in the official documents cir-
culated .with Mr. TuNy.a's Address to the Proprietors, of the 4th
May, 1821, to which this sleeting particularly requests theatten.
don of the Proprietors of East India'Stock), that.Genarman pos-
sesses, in the opinion of this Meeting, fair pretensions to aspire to
the honourable and important situation of a Member of the Exe-
cutive Body of the East India Company."
3rd. Psupoked by TtioatAs WEEDING, Esq. and seconded by Tams-
sort HAMMY,

" That the accession of knowledge and experience vi,hieb Mr.
'Fenzel' would bring to the Court of Directors, in addition to,gent.,
ral talents and acquirements, must be deemed peculiarly valuable in.
the financial and judicial branches of the Administration, in which
he trzld successively the high and responsible situations of Account.
ant-64 tura!, Judicial and Revenue Secretary, and Secretary in the
Financial and Colonial Departments."
4th. Proposed by 1)1%15.1.01-n, Esq. and seconded by Rain:

Sit EDWON, Esq.

" That, in addition to the qualifuations .above noticed, Mr.-
Tue,as.o has had an opportunity of acquiring an extensive know
ledge of the principles of commerce, and of their practical applica-
tion to the reciprocal interests of India and. the- mother country,
in consequcrce of, his having beta the office of Public or Commer-
cial Secretary-to the Supreme Government, and,of.hi► fz ing bean
placard in other situations inyobrilg,tbe jscaStiMi .cicts* of con:-
:mexce upon .a very external...tactile."
Proposed by Racusan,Csstran.r. BAzErr, Esq. and se-
nonded
by FokIY.4RD FLErmaxit, Esq.
a That, on the ground of these high q,ualications, the Proprie-
tors 'present at thii Meeting, actuated .by the desire of upholding
the weight and ri4cacy of the Executive Body, earnestly recom-
mend to the Proprietors of East -India Stock the election of licNity
ST. Gamma Tut cra, Eq. to a Seat itt the Direction on the fat
vacancy wisich may occur, and pledge
.themselves to employ, their
strenuous exertions for the accomplishment of that object."
THOMAS BARING, Ch.,irm9n.

Sir Thomas 13ift441:1 hiving quitted the Chair,
It was moved by Sir Ars:Auras JOHNSTON, seconded by 'friolu.s
likurer, Esq. and resolved tumultuously,
41 That the 'nasals of this Mecums !be Op Ap Sir Tisomas
*isms, Bars. for his very able coseduct.in.tbe;Cl4.lin"

1111FIANO•FORTES and HARPS
~--JEverie';'ne who
wiihei fora cheap and good-Instrucnent goes to J.-WAX-'
YEN'S, in 'Leicester-place; where may be .seets. a CAIIIN:ET:
PLANO, not to be etoallvd ;n touch and tone, only. 58 Guineas,-
Worth sii? 'Guineas ; an irJaitl Rosewood Cabinet,,6o.Guineas,.worth•
80 Guineas;
.capital S. are '25 Guineas; a Pedal Hatp,
45
Guinas; new double-aaion Harp, 80 Guineas, cost £l2O. -Tcese
Instruments are so low priced, tbat no allowance can be given to
the Profession. Those who poi:base for thipsidv,es always.get the.
best bargain. •

• • HOUSE OF LORDS, MARCH 4.
Nothing-of interest °centred this morning in Appeals. •
Lord KING presented a Petition from the Town of Hales:
worth, in Suffolk, praying for the gradual, abolition of Colonial
Slavery ; which Petition was laid upon the table of the:HOUR%
Earl GROSVENOR said that be had a /Petition to present to
their Lordships from many respectable persons, inhabitants of the
ancient •Berough of Bury St. Edmund's, who prayed the II aose.to,
adopt such measures as ahoulal ensure the gradual but entirealboli-
tion of Slavery; and hoping that, in the meantime, steps might be
Warm to ameliorate the condition of our Colonial Slaves. \*hats
he wished to see attempted was only in accorilanse wit!: justice to
the slaves, without one iota of injustice to the proprietors.- The'
Petitioners, on where behalf he addressed their Lorslshigs, did hots
:desire an irantediate, but rather a gradual abolition of slaveey in that
Colonieatbuthe would abstain at present from further remarks on.
the subject. Ile must, however, now declare that he deprecated=
tilf ittainths at secrecy, or concealnietit.of the truth, in great na,
clonal affairs. And this reminded him too foreathly of the policy.
which was pursued with regard to Ireland, when, in his opinion,.
the true question ought in the very first instance to have been gone-
into. Ile would only add that if their Lordships wished to & jus-
tice to themselves, if they'svished to do justice to their entiotty,;
they must, upon all great subjects, go into the fullest inquiry in such
eases. He would-distinctly say that unless their Lordships at once
abolished all slavery, they never would put an entire end to the
Slave Trade! Front the moment that Fa: land once decl :red that
not ono of her subjects, be his complexion or his condition what it
ought, should he 'offered to caist as a slave, from ;that moment,
.hut not till then. the.great Dagon of slavery would
.fall prostraieto
the ground. .Why, for ittstiince, not substitute flee labour for Ida:
very? ft was well understood that his Majesty's Ministers had sent
out instructions of the most Moderate character to the Colonial Go-
vernments; for, lie would ask,touklintthiog be; postiblyanore meta
derate than the instruction* he arivettedto ? His cutther :deuce on
the subject, which he forbore from going now into, must,.lidwever;
be understood to depend on his knowing if his Majyaty's Ministers
sere really sincere in their determination to prosecute the course
which they assumed' to hate adopted. • !rhos, therefore, the sop
thriven out to Cerlierus bad not taken ; for these instructioos were
•
not followed in the spirit of them. lie trusted that a Noble Earl
opposite (Bathurst) would on this occasion give an explaoation of
the conduct of his Majesty's Cfovernmeilt. •
The abovementioned Petition was then read by the .Noble Mosier,
of it, and afterwards hid upon the tablet:4ll:le House.
...
~. 4a11.434a1-11,11LS:r saitl,,thit in ripug in his place, he wouldnof
trouble their.listilships. at any length; and had not the Noble Earl
teemed to challenge an eaplination* from his Majesty's linisters
on-presenting the Petition now -upon the table, he certainly.should,
not have utteretrasiugle word. Now. however; be wished to take
this opPortunity to deform their Lordships that to-rnortow se'n-
,dight he should baye,the honour to lay upon the table, by Ids Ms-
iebty'a command, some papers'contiecfed with the state of the Ne-
groes in the West Indies. lie wouki then also take that oppor-
tunity for explaining to their Lordships the measures whichh4d had
been been taken lay Ns Majesty's Government for the moral improve-
ment and ;lie general amelioration of the Negro population in the
West Indies. • -
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said that he had the honour of pre-
senting to their Lordships, by his Majesty's command, Copies of
eomniunications which had taken place between the Governments
of England, France, and Spain, respecting. the Independent Colo-
nits of South America. :It insist (the Noble 'part continued) be
fresh in the recollection of their Lordships, that the subject matter
of these papers was adtel ted to in his Majesty's Speech at the open-
ing of the Seasion-; but certain circumstances then exbaed which I
would bore rcialcred their production premature ; but as those cir 7
curnstaaces no longer existed, there could hteno,objection to lay the
papers now before the . House.' Ile should only add, that such ar-
tatieeirents were already mode as would ensure their being all
printed in the course of to-mitrrow. -
The A i ..rquis af LA N,SI/t /W N here inquired if the Noble Ea-1
intended to tomul any motion in.atioseatieoceif the papers he hail
just laid upon the table of the Milo?
The Earl of Llvgapoin, had no clifficulty in Stating, that he
bad at present no intention of founding any sort of proceeding on
. _
the pipets be Aid Vesented io the'House. .
The Marquis-of •LANSDOWN said, that .early in the pr. sent
Session he bad given their Lordships fair notice of his intention to
Whit forward theaaate 'of 'Our relations with the Ifidependent Cr-
tonics of South America, should the information to he funliAcd by
• kis Majesty's Ministers not wove satisfactory on the subject. lye
could not possibly be aware that the papers laid on the table by the
Noble Earl were exactly of such a nature ai to induce him to forego
the Motion he had intended to make;" but as he -wished his Ma-
jesty's Ministers to be allowed time to make themselves quite mas-
ters of the subject, he would abstain from giving notice of any Mg-
don now. He would therefore read over the Papers,which the No-
ble Earilaid upon the table of the House, to ascertain what they
contained, send then withhold or renew the Motion he. promised.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL gave notice, that on Tuesday next
he intended to move for .a Select. Committee to inquire into t'.e
Office of Clerk of Parliament ;. and their Lordships were ordered
_
tube summoned for that day.*
The Marquis of LASSDOWN now referred to the conversa-
tion that bad taken place on a former day respecting the withdraw-.
mem of-bounties on the manufacture of the coarser kinds of linen
in Ireland, and assured their Lordships that the consequence was'
an increased export trade during the last two years. The measure
had operated as a stimulus to industry ; it was followed by the esta-
`lilishmentof linen halls;, and also of spinning schools; but, in gene-
ral, be deprecated all legislative interference with trade. It was
1 one thing, however, to enact such, duties, and it was another thing
to withdraw them ; but lie hoped•that their Lordshita, in any pro.
spective measure, would reflect well upon the increase of expo:a
from Cork and Llinertalt t-for he spoke.frorn his own experience in
Ireland last summer, which experience was the result or much in-
quiry and conside• a ins of the subject to which be now called the
attention of Noble fewda. The Noble Marquis then moved for
additional • Renal ns in•elucidat ion of his temar ks, which were ord. l'ed
to made.—
• The Eariof LIVERPOOL, in explanation, said tliA it was in-
tended to adopt the same Sysieni I.oiii with regard to tine and.coarst.
Irish linens, by a redlietion not immediate, but'gradual. The mea-
sure was certainly one of great importance; for if the ble-aing of
peace were continued to us, the most beneficial effects might be ex-
pected from the accumulation of capital on all the branches of nu-
tionatindustry.
The Earl of HARROWIIT laill.sonte papers on the table, pur-
suant to motion.-J-Adjourued.dil to-morrow.,.
HOUSE Al' COMMONS. '
A few minsites.before four o'clock thi;Seitneert took the Chair.
Mr. CALVERT:obtained leave to bring in a Dili to amend an
Act passed in tit.Eith of . the late King,..tor the regulation 9f the
planner of Voting iethe Vestry of St. Julipai, Southwark.
Mr. DUGDALE presented a Petition front thedribabitairts of
.Itoihtoni praying for the Abolition el Slavery.
..Sir WM. GUISE presented a similar .Petition from a Town in.
Gloucestershire.'
Mr. WILKINS presented dashailar Petition from the Inhabit-
ants of Presteigne. • _
• . Idr. WM. SMITH. presented similar Petitions from Manning-
Mee, in Essex, and Woratead, in Xortolk.
Colonel TRENCH presented ' a similar Petition.ftom the Inha-
bitant. Of :Cambtislge. • To- -..,.. tot
Shropshire. G..IIENNET presented a similar Petition frotifa swn tol
Shropshire. ' '
:Mr. •DENMAK primate! a .simliarYetition from the Inhatilt...
al.)" of YFftingl,h#l"' •
Trio similar
_elation were presented from the Inhabitants br
Middleilmaiid Stakteiropflit the county of puritans.
likr :11,1C.NA:rCHBVI.; presented a Petition fromthelnbabit-
e..nts of Nawkhur it, in Kent; against the Coal Dusi4s. ''' •. •
• sir WM, itowa'N-p;asettuad 3 0:01alsr 1 cti,9snPoP 411Ior:
tispliitants .911.1acileigh. s
..77
. Mr. lIEA,TI-ICO'TE presented a similar Petition frdhi .:ttel
Mayor, Corporation, .and Lutatbitants of.litimonoo, Lirasslnik) ;1
llVOltit f4h4
theies on Coals parried coastwise. ;1
,
411
Sri J. WAG rTESLAY presented 11 LietiiitoutraiialimeS

..~ _~. ..

,
shaw, a silk-manufacturer, residing in Staffordshire, raying thlt the
(Ditties on raw Silks might not be taken off. The Petitioner stated
stbat la large body of people (7,000) would be thrown on the parish
if tbelreseut Ontisa *ere pot cuntinued.—Ordered to lie on the
table, and tre,ite pi-hired.
'Mr. tiOCODA LE preseTted a simiitr Petition from the Ribbon-
weavers of Bed Worth, in Warwickshire. The. Honourable Mem-
ber stated that the' Petition was signed by a large body of people,
four or 500 of wit had already been thrown on the parish-for re-
lief. Tiley trusted that the .Gasterament vassuld take their ease into
consideration. They further stated, that if the Duties were taken
off, not less than 25,000 would be without employment.
Similar Peti;hans were presented by the _same Hon. Member
front the Ribbon Manufacturers of Nuneaton, Cholvers.Colton, and
Bolkingtm, in the County of WarwiA.
Mr. ELLICE presented a similar Petitroo from the Silk and
Ribbon Manufacturers of Coventry. The Honourable Member
said be wished the Right Honourable the .Cbancelltir is; the Eache-
, quer had been in tile House to witness the Pet4tions which had
hem presented on this subj:ct. A &rem 'many persons had been
thrown out of employment in Coventry, In conitiesuesteetif the re-
[presentation made by his Nlajesty's Ginrentrnent:Of diminishing Ile
:dudes on Silk imported. The Petitioners were.greatir alarmedat
the measure, and were persuaded it would he highly pernicious to
their trade. They should not fear a competition with other Lotions,
rovided'their taxes and price of fool Were equal to their own. He
hoped that his Majesty's Ministers would not persevere in the me*.
sure at present marked out with respect to the proposed duties on
foreign silk. .
Mr. ROBERTSON thonght the course pursued by the Chancel-
lor of the Exchequer was one the most likely to wend the com-
merce of the country—(Ctiaetc)—sarid he *hoped that the piglet ,
Iron. ffentleman would not he diverted from it.
Mr. P. MOOR Rsaid, unless the ribbon trade was supported, the
whole of Coventry would be Most seriously injured. 'That city
smiled when the trade (lavished, but whin the trade failed
it dronpt.d. lie Impel the Chancellor of the Esebequer world
find some means of relieving nat only Coventry, but every-part of
the country. . ,
_ After-a few words from Sir Wstriasr Gums, the Petition was
bron3lit up and ordered to he primed. .
Lord STANLEY presented a Pt tiiion from the L:censed Vie-
tuallers of Charley, praying that the War Dufy on Facile Licenses
might be taken off.
AIts,WESTERN presented a sintilir Petition front a Town by
the County of Essex.
Mr. S. RlCit(upon the-Report of a Committee) obtained-leave
to bring in a Bill fdr the incorporation of the Hibernian Mine Coo.
pany, De begged to say a few words in answer to what had fallen
from true Honourable Member for the Qieen's County on a former
occasion. It seemed to be the opinion of that Honourable G _ode-
!,
nem, that a monopoly would he established if the Company was
formed. He (Mr. S. Rice) hegg-d to say tiffs was a mist ike, and
if any monopoly was likely to follow front the establishment of the
Company, he should himself be as adverse to the measure as his
Honourable Friend.
Nir. MA BER LY gave notice that it was his intention to bring
forward a Motion on the 17th instant, respecting the Redeemed
Land Tax. . .
Mr. W. SMITH presented a Pptition front Norwich, signed by
B,oeo journeymen artificers and artisans, pr,,yllig that the House
would adopt some measures to relieve them. The Petitioners stated
that they were aware, of a Committee sitting to investigate the laws
relating to the emigration of artisans, and front its labours they cal-
culated on thesmost beneficial results—Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUME presented a Petition from the Magistrates, Mer-
chants, Manufacturers, :1114 ll:abitants o. Montrose, praying situ
the Tay Fishrries Bill might net pass into a Law.—Ordered to lie
on the table.
the Sinking

Mr. HUME moved for certain Returns respecting
Fund.—Agreed to.
Sir J. N ENV PORT said he should postpone his Motion to repeal
the Statute of the 9th William I 11. fu; securing the right oT burial
of TlonUn Catholics aryl Dissenters Ireland, until the ensuing
week, in the hope tint his Majesty's. Ministers would bring for-
ward a measure on the subject.
Mr. PLUNKETT said that the Ritht Honourable Gentleman
It'd acted perfectly consistent, and with that degree of candour
which marked his eharacter, In postponing his mostoo. The impost-
ant subject, be could assure the Bight Hon. Gentleolans had occu-
pied the attentiotrof his 'Majesty's Government on both sides the
water; and ho (Mr. Pluakqtt) hoped tp be able in the eourse 'of
tifinorcow or Monday to move for le lye to introince a Bill which
voted he calculated to produce that benefit which the, Right-lion.
6erttlearan's measure ainicipated—(dear). . . •
Mr. Secretary CA Nlsi (NO, on presenting snow rapers relatkve
tothe Sp;mids Ametican Coltmies, and the House would perhaps
recollect, in the &G ate which took place on the evening the Ad-
dress in answer tothe SpeeCh 'Wane the Throne was agreed to, that
he took an opportunity of stating, in reference to that part of his
)majesty's Speech which related to the Spanish American Colonies,
that much time would not elapse &fore the House would be put
its poss.:ssion of the documents re:pectin those Colonies. He had
now rite .honour of presenting these papers by his Majesty's com-
mand, and printed: copies of which would be dis•ributed in the
,course of the evening.—The papers were-reed and laid on the table.
Mr. Secretary CANNING rose—" I ;go confounded by Ms
Majesty to inform the Hints:. that the palters which ref. 4 to-that
part of his Majety's'Speoeh relating to the %Nest Indies, will be laid
on the table toonorrow se'nnighr. I shall t..ke that opportunity,of
stating the measures,pursued by his Majesty's Government in rifer-
ence to those Islands in the course of last year.
Mr. S. WORTLEY Erciented'a Petit mil from the Merchants,
Wool-dealers, &c. of Leeds, Signed -by 13,500 persOns, praying that
the tax on Foreign J.Vool- alight not be taken off.
The bum Rom Member presented three other similar Fetich:lns,
very numerously signed, froin that part of Yorkshire. • •
Colonel .DAVIES moved, in purSuatice'of notice, the Paperm-
planatory of Payments made from French •Indensaity Mersey. lie
should trespass but a very short time on the Beale, The.que,skion
had been once before the
,Housein 1816, lwing Amen bioui;ht for-
ward by his Honourable Friend the Member 'far Knaresborough.
He saw the danger of' suffering large sums of 'Money tre.reinain' at
the disposal of the Clown without the authnritt of Parliament. The
late Chancellor of the: Exchequer admitted that Ministers were ac-
countable to the country for the money designated the Bruits of the
.Qrown. If.money
.so received was the property of the Crown, it
Would be unnecessayy to give an aceount df it; but if it was the
property oftbe People, t1.1.:n undoubtedly it should only be disposed
of agreeably to the wish of she House. . The Honourable 111enekr
referred to the differentitems which be virred to we've for, pre
of whichwas a sum of money rontzd to the Cllnvilier Canova, for
some works of at t. • He then ailveitecrio the relnoval of tbe waits
Of art. from the Louvre, which he considered to be a source of na-
tion:el • vexation to the •Fteneb, and which brought some degree of
' discredit on this country. The: Atlpy' of Gc.u.fation in France he
said lead cost 1,2694/001... and when the expenses of this army were
mentioned in the House, Lord tondonaerry had asserted that the
whole would he borne by the !ireful' Government. The I-kn.
Membcr 'concluded by moving for the papers as ahoy': stated. •
On the'Motion being put by the,SrEarota,
The CHAN C,F.1.1,0tt of the EXCHEQUER said, that he had
oh objection to She Motion of the Honourable Gentleman, and he
had no doubt that the returns to be furnished In obedience to it,
would give sufficient and satisfactory evidence of the mode in which
the sums of money had been applied.—Returns orfilled•
The Austri:ol Loan Convention
,liillswas read a third time and
14111.b-4.

. OFFICES ON TILE-CROWNS DEMISE.
Sir.R.,llAlOO said, that in, moving for leave to
being in a hill to inivent,the necesdty of renewal f
official appointments on the demise of, the Crown, it
,would:be,Bruper to account for the .delay which had
taken plawslnce.he'fir,t gave notice of-his
yunaltlittsiizo, when he had such an. intention; Atte
'wre so m?iny?subjects'of intinediate cifFedieney .berere
;00.1lome, dint if the had been tsroiight forsiard it
.4:::0'0,4.n0t' have giw throlighjts 4(nges; .and duringiast
gziskau'hiS as afflicted with a serioni
0)41,. 4ialaiii! think thaiit 'ivintld.have been'infrsisient
'tvvt.ll deheacy juil cOnsides:itlan to have then attempted
it. AhtimiLh the s.iliject- i!f. the hill vas'ooe *of mat . . ,
rc:Kii,lisPitic.kopen a, fertile iherhe of dis-
.cu.,;;;,,ilaiiii,l4l.4criiriK glonni `not CfCculiy.a laisekar—

;
