COURT OF KINGS BENCH, OCT. 15.

The Sittings in Banco recommenced yesterday, at
Westminster. The four Judges were in attendatice.
- - -

PARIS O. LLOYD.

In this case Mr. PARKE moved to enter up judgment
for the plaintiff, a verdict having been given for t!'e
plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the Court. It was an
action on a policy of insurance, effected by the de-
fendant, an underwriter at Lloyd's, on the vlainter
vessel. The vessel sailed in 1818, from Live, pool to
Jamaica, freighted, amongst other things, with a cargn
of horses. The passage was extremely rough, and the
animals broke through the bulk-heads which styarated
them, and, attacking each other, the majority of them
were kicked to death. The policy was couched in the
usual terms, with the common re,ervations against "ac-
cidents by the King's enemies and mortality." It ap.
_pared on the trial that there was no neglect attributable
Po the shipowner. The question therefore was, did the
loss come under the description of loss for which ship.
owners were liable?

Mr. CAMPBELL contended, that mortality meant
death by any means, and stated that it was so utldel.
stood by the best authors in the English tongue. Mor-
tality was the absence of vitality. The Learned Gen-
tleman quoted some passages from Shalcspeare, in
which " mortality" was used synonymou,ly with death,
as in the following passage in the fifth scene of the
foutth act of llenry VI. where John Talbot addiessesini
father :

" There is no hope that ever I will stay,
lithe first hour I think and run away.
Here, on my knees, I beg mortality,
Rather than life preserved with infamy."
The Court postponed its judgment.

Mr. Secretary PEEL has sent down into the Potteries
two of the Bow-street Patrol, Itutbven and Bishop, to attend on
the Police Committee, and obtain proper information of the state of
the Potteries, to report the same to Government, to enable them to
adopt suitable means to preserve the peace of the place.
Jour; SMITH, Esq. of Brighton, has announced to the
Electors of the Borough of Shoreham, his intention of again solicit-
ing their votes at the approaching Election.
Mr. DOWNIE of Appin, stands again for the Stirling
district of Burghs.
Friday morning a duel took place at llayling Island,
Hants, between Lieutenant L—, of the Royal Marine Artillery,
and Mr. S--, of Portsmouth. Lieutenant 1..-6 was attended
by a Mr. GI--.—, and Mr. S— by Captain bl Two shuts
were exchanged by each, when the parties were reconciled.
By Captain Ross, who came passenger in the Nor-
folk, from Quebec, which place he left the 15th ult. we
learn that off the Pillars, about the 19th or 20th Sept.
in the night the Norfolk was hailed by a Pilot-bloat, who
bade the watch inform the Captain that the Columbus
timber ship was on shore a little above the Mallacogea
shoals. Captain Ross went from Quebec down to Be
with the Columbus, and was on board when she touched
shore the firs: time, but left her about the Bth ult.
A division has taken place in the first Associate Con=
gregation at Cupar Angus, in consequence of sone
misunderstanding regarding the election of a Clergy-
man. The offended party have withdrawn themselves
under the name of Protesters, and siding with those
Dissenters who have stood aloof from the Union, have
it in contemplation to litigate their right to the Church:
Gravesend fair commenced yesterday morning. The
Magistrates have limited the time from one week to two
days; but from the arrangements made by the owner
of the field where the fair is kept, it is not likely to be
much attended. Ile had the whole of the yriund
ploughed up last week, and, from the rain that fell last
night, the mud is nearly knee deep—a charming place
for the neighbouring Ladies to promenade in white
kid shoes !

The proprietors of a cotton Mill in Glasgow sent notice,
the beginning of last week, to all the big piecers lately
employed in it that could spin, to come forward as soon
as they pleased, and bring the ocher piecers along witit
them, and they would get employment at spinning un-
til the spinners returned to their work, at which they
could earn from tw' to three shillings per day, after
paying the piecers their useal wages. But, althoui;::
they have now been six weeks out of employment, and
a subscription raked (which they no doubt are much in
need of) for their support, only two'cif them came Of-
ward, although several more could spin. Some of dem
seemed willing to work, but said they were afraid to do
it, for fear of being insulted or abused while others :e-
-jected the proposal with contempt, and the two piece:
who began to spin, from being insulted. or
only continued for about one, day. -One of them, when
pressed by his friends to continue at his work, began it)
cry, and said he durst not, but would not say who
threatened him, which clearly shews that a system of
intimidation is still kept up amongst the operatives,
that they are not at liberty to do as they wish, or et
their necessities require.—Glasgow' Courier.
RE“nutterros MEs.—Friday night, some of the.,^
wretches tnadea daring attempt on Wanstead
Chum -
yard, and in• part succeeded. They first got up tLe
body of a child, recently interred, and afterwards 10e
body of a female, which they placed on the edge of t!le
grave ; they-then commenced on the grave of the par;sh
oeadle, anclihad•made- progress, when they were
-curbed, and Made their. escape with the child only.—
These fellow's* are Supposes to belong to the same peg
that last year aimed a grave in dChurch yiirs!,
from which they .took a patent iron coffin, broke it to
pieces, and carried away itsquitonsciouAenant.
Workmen have entrinteneed pulling down :ix or eiAt
houses at the cornier of St. lune:s-stieet and l'Acc:aillY,
tiltion the site of which istUbc Iktilea.ltutgiiiteent

.•._.

...,~

i'el

ha

Pe'
La II

a d

41

111 4

66 6

fol 6
'lf 6

1111

St I

Se 1

u i

.ti

it
'lll
bOl
tia
dir
for
Inc
be
the

di 1
u 1
Ili I
44 1

N
di
or

'it
tt
di

64

MIST INDIA SLAVERY:

LETTER VI.
TO THE EbITOR OF TILE STAR.

SIR—In the third letter of Anomie he states, with
respect to St. Domingo, that the Quarterly Review might
have cited a passage from a work of Mr. Stephen with
perfect fairness:—" That the produce of the Island will
▪ s soon be as great as it was before the rezolution, is, I
admit, more than can be reasonably expected. The
• number of adults fit for labour is unquestionably re-
'. • dirced in a very great proportion ; nor will free men
• and women ever be brought to work so intensely as
• slaves are compelled to do by the coercion of the
▪ whip. They will not labour more severely than
0+ consists with the preservation of health, with the
• ordinary duration of life, and with the maintenance
and encrease of native population;' points unhappily,
n which have been but too much disregarded by our
• West India economists." lam surprised that ANGLUS
should have made so important an admission, as a re-
ference to the preceding extract contains ; but I conclude,
his object is, that it may be inferred by his Readers, that'
this was the only quotation in Mr. Stephen's works,
which lent itself to the purpose of the Reviewer. If my
conjecture be right, ANGLUS has not gained much .by
his allusion : for how is this passage cited by ANGLUS
consistent with the admission made by the author of Ihe
Crisis in a late publication, quoted in a former letter,
that a labourer in Haiti is enabled, owing to the extra-
ordinary fertility of the soil, and climate, to earn his
subsistence for a week by the exertion of half an hour's
labour in a day, and that, consequently, it may be ex-
pected that some do not work more than the subsistence
of their families demands. In the first quotation, Mr.
Stephen estimates highly the quantum of labour to be
expected from the free labourer, which has probably
pressed the passage upon the attention of ANGLUS. The
opinion of Mr. Stephen, expressed affirmatively instead
of negatively, stands thus:—" That a free labourer in
" Haiti might be expected to labour as severely as
'"
is consistent la ith the preservation of his health,
n with the ordinary duration of life, and with the
" maintenance and encrease of native population."
These various conditions, all calculated to encourage la-
bour, would appear to form a respectable sum of ern-
'ion, and yet the subsequent, and practical commentary
diminishes it to the maximum of half an hour per day
for subsistence: a result that is of a nature to alarm the
most sanguine advocate of free labour, as proposed to
be summarily substituted for the compulsory labour of
the slave.

At all events, such a result has, or ought to have a
tendency to repress enthusiasm, and to operate as a
caution, that while we are bent upon the ultimate abo-
lition of a state of slavery, we should not discharge
from eur minds the consequences of those measures
which our feelings rather than our judgments may
tempt us to adopt. It will be in vain for ANGLUS to
meet my argument, by contending that arguments ap-
plied, and applicable to the condition of Negroes in
Haiti, are not necessarily applicable to our 'West India
Colonies. If we raise the quantum of exertism to be
expected from the freed Slave, as necessary to produce
his maintenance, from half an hour to three hours per
day, that is, in the ratio of six to one, still the argu-
ment is conclusive, upon Mr. Stephen's own principle,
against the immediate and unprepared substitution of
free for slave labour, with renitence to the interests of
the Proprietors.

ANGLLIS, in his fourth letter, proceeds to state—" SO
41 severe, that is to say. even in the estimation of the
" Reviewer, is the labour which the cultivation of sugar,
" as it is now conducted in the-West Indies, requires,
" that no voluntary labourers would encounter it: the
46 terror of the cart-whip is indispensable in order to
" prevail with them to grapple with it ; just as then are
41 propelled to the cannon's mouth by the danger which
" awaits their refusal. Now this is precisely what the
41 Abolitionists have all along affirmed respecting sugar
41 planting as carried on in the West Indies."
With respect to the last paragraph, the opinion of
Mr. Clarkson, may, perhaps, induce the Reader to think
differently, as in spewing the superior energy of free,
over Slave-labour, he says—" It is surprising, when we
" look into the evidence examined by the House of
" Commons on the subject of the Slave Trade, to find
"'haw little a West Indian Slave really does when he
" works for his master; and this is confessed qually by
" the witnesses on both sides of the question."—" Thoughts"
4-c. page 51, printed in 1823.
My object, however, is chiefly to point out the mis-
representations of ANGLUS respecting the arguments
and statements of the Reviewer. After having quoted
the preceding extract, from the fourth Letter of As-
ctus, I will venture to say that nothing can be more
flagrantly unjust than . to attribute such opinions to the
Reviewer as he has done. The Reviewer has never
said that voluntary labour would not encounter the
cultivation of sugar.—He has never stated that the
terror of the whip is indispensable, in order to prevail
Leith labourers to grapple with it.
I call upon ANGLUS peremptorily to shew the passages
in which these assertions ate made, or even shadowed
out. Until an answer be given, I leave the public to
form their judgment from the following passage, in
page 568, of the Quarterly Review for last August:
" We would not prejudge the case, as to what effect
" May be ultimately produced by a progressive trans-
" mutation of Slave-labour into free labour; and we
" are in the' ullest degree convinced of the difficulties,
" and of the uncertain success, which May await the
" experiment ; but we must with equal confidence
" assert, that if it were successfully carried into effect,
" the property of the planters would be benefited by it,
" rather than injured.
" In the view then which we take of this great ques-
" tion, we think that much which occupies the at-
-6.6 tention of the Public, is comparatively matter of
" little importance, and, in a practical point of view,
" irielevant. It is, therefore, on the question of Free
" or Slave labour that the Abolitionist and the West
" Indian should endeavour to meet. It is on this de-
" bateabie ground, that they may concur in the pursuit
" of an inquiry which must afford much interesting in-
" formation to both parties. And it clearly appears to
" us, that without such an inquiry, no real progress can
" be made in the final solution of the difficulties which
" encompass this momentous question.
" The labour required for the production of sugar
" has these peculiar characteristics—it is continuous,
" and sometimes severe; it is incapable of being inter-
" rupied for any length of time, without serious preju-
" dice to the cultivators; and :it pitsent it is impossr-
" ble to deny,,that one of the principal inducements to
" that continuous exertion, is the dread of punishment.
" We must here again introduce the remark, that it is
"the nature of the African to be indolent) inasmuch as,

" his wants are rew, and those few almost spontane.
4, onslrsatisfied in the climate under which he lives.
" There is little difference of opinion among those who
' " have examined the subject, as to that inseparable con-
" nection of exertion with climate, which would enable
" any one to pronounce on the probable industry of a
" nation, from the mere knowledge of this physical
" circumstance. This proposition would necessarily be
" modified by density of population, and particular
" circumstances of civilization, but still the principle is
" true, and not to be dismissed from our view, in the
" consideration of this difficult problem. The practical
" question then is, what stimulus do we expect by our
" progressive improvements to substitute for this fear of
" punishment, so as to induce the free Negro to perform
" the task of sugar cultivation with that energy and
" continuity which can alone render his labour benefi
" cial to the planter. It is necessary to substitute some
" equivalent moral stimulus. The first, and unquestionably
" the only safe basis on which we can proceed, iv moral
"and religious instruction—on this must be su perinduced
the artificial wants of civilized lite, the fair desire of
" the acquisition of property,which object of desire, when
" once created,can only be obtained through the medium
"of continued industry. Can any principle be sug-
gested, under the operation of which free labour
" can be substituted for Slave labour, that is not
4, brought about by such a process? If the answer be
" in the negative, the question then is, how are we to
" regulate the intermediate stage between the present
" state of things and the accomplishment of the object
~ without injury to the froperty of the Slave-Proprietor ?
" and if injury of a pectuist..y sort be inseparable from
" this transmutation,in, what degree and in what manner,
" and when is compensation to be given ? It appears to
" us that it is by such an enquiry alone, fairly and tempe-
" rately pursued, that the subject can be brought fully
~ into view ; and it will, moreover, have this peculiar
" advantage, that Parliamentary discussiihis might be
" postponed until adequate information had been pro-
" cured, while the attention of the contending parties,
" being called to one common principle, would be di-
" vetted from those retrospective considerations of
" wrongs and injuries on both sides which have pro-
" duced, and must and will produce, the mast inconve-
" fluent and dangerous results both at home and abroad."
ANGLus, in his fourth letter, proceeds to state, that
the Abolitionists " have represented West India sugar-
" planting as a cruel and deathful service; and have
" given it as their opinion, that if the cultivation of
" sugar must retain its present character, and continue
" to be followedby its present effects, 'no choice is left
" us but to deliver ourselves from all participation in
" its guilt, by abstaining from the use of slave-grown
" sugar. They think, with Sir William Junes, that it is
" better to eat no sugar—to eat honey, if sweetness
" 4 only be palatable—nay, better to eat aloes, or col-
"' quintida, than violate a primary law of nature im-
" pressed on every heart not imbued by avarice, than
"' to rob one human creature of those eternal rights,
" 'of which no law on earth can justly deprive him.'
" But there clearly exists no such painful necessity."
With reference to this.self-denying attestation, I con-
fess that I am disposed to believe, that the Ultra Aboli-
tionists will think rasher than taste with Sir William
Jones ; and that with whatever bitterness they may press
on their anti-slavery measures, it will not be with the
bitterness of aloes and colquintida.
I remain, &c. &c. &c.
VINDEX.

ASCENT or Ma. GREEN FROM POT(tSMOUTII

PORTSMOUTH, OCTOBER 25.
Mr. Green, the aeronaut, has this day completely redeemed his
character from the disappointment the Public experienced on the
lith, when he advertised to ascend with a Lady; but from the di-
rection of the wind, blowing directly over the sea, it was thought
not advisable nor safe to venture.

Ile ascended this afternoon from the Duke of York's Bastion, a
few minutes after three o'clock, accompanied by a Mr. Gandy, of
the Royal Navyomidst the cheers of a numerous and respectable
assembly, in a grand and magnificent style, and continued in sight
about a quarter of an hour. The balloon took a direction towards
Chichester, and although there was a strong wind, it appeared to
continue a very steady course. There were a few light showers in
the course of the morning, but when the balloon ascended, the
clouds had dispersed, and nothing impeded the view—it was only
lost sight of by the di3tauce it had travelled.
The Committee are anxiously waiting the return of she voyagers,
who promised to sup with them this evening.
