SIR F. BURDETT'S CHARITY ATTACKED.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
Silt—ln that meritricious and moat perverse of all
Journals, called, in ridicule or insult of this country, the " John
Buil,"---but which were better designated if named—the " Jodie
Bass" " Jack retch," " Jews F.--se," or any other cognomen,
significative of atrocious principles and unblushing impudence—an
article appeared, Sunday last, reflecting on Sir Flamers Burman
for an act of liberality and humanity toward' those unfortunate
Spaniards, who, victims of sentiments professed with them in
common by every honest Englishman. are now wandering hungry
and hamlets in the streets of this capital. This advocate of
slave-driving and human abasement this lick-spittle of
every despot who wields chains and a bloody sword—this
creature of monstrous propensities, who delights in astounding
us with the audacity of his attacks on all that is noble and re-
spectable ; who laughs at the finer feelings of man as pitiful preju-
dices ; and day after day, indirectly attacks that boast and glory
of Englishmen, their " Constitiatien ;" this same "Jahn Bull,"
(heavens! what a distortion of the cosaraeter), would arrest alms
in the bands of charity, discourage the benevolent, and stamp a
stigma on the brave, whose cause and whose misfortunes alike
command our commi.seration and respect :—he compare. these
patriots, lost iu a struggle to secure the end for which our
Hambdens and our Sidneys fought, to the wretched trai-
tors—who, (bolder than the Jahn Bull,") plotted with
arms to subvert the Constitution of this country. The
memory of a !Despised, to whom he would a.similve
them, is justly held in horror as a conspirator against the institu-
tions of a country, blest with a representative Government. These
" Spanish exiles, on the contrary, bold claims on British sympathy,
from their lamented failure in the glorious attempt to secure for
their country those very institutions--institutions, which this un-
principled perverter of reason evidently abhors. He tells us, in
order to evert our pity, that the Krim of Spain, in his leniency.
offers an amnesty to his exiled subjects, and invites them home.—
Home ! alas—ls Spain, drenched with the blood of the patriot,
cursed with a Nero, infected with the leaven of the Inquisition
—a country of Jesuits and executioners—is this a home for
any but suck as the "Mos Bull 7" To bribe the public
to his illiberal opinions, he hypocritically hints that charity should
" begin at home,"--and recommends Sir FRANCIS ilnoarr to re-
lieve his own suffering countrymen. Sir Famects Liu Mall has ever
done so most largely; and be can affutd to bestow his bounty upon
the wretched stranger, without incurring any just charge of illibe-
rality towards his suffering countrymen, acknowledged, at last, by
the "Join Buil," to be auffering,—aye, they arc indeed : they suffer
from attempts to introduce systems like those which have driven
these patriot soldiers from their afflicted country, attempts which
will ever be advocated by this friend of the whipper-in—this pro-
nounced enemy to society—while a bribe can be tendered and the
public endure his audacious experiments upon their patience. It the
Government of FOILDIDAND and Don Montt be no lenient,—so en-
viable is his eyes,—why does not this insolent mocker transport his
Press to Madrid or Lisbon ? He has deserved a guilty pension ;
and may assist his bloody favourites with his counsels. Here he
is sinking, suffocated in his own corruption—ere long perhaps, to
be exhibited to an indignant people, made with tar and
feathers as hideous in person, as he is monstrous in. mind.
—lf, Sir, this language be strong, it is wrung from me by
honest indignation. I cannot coolly look on to Dee the character
of my country belied : the professors of such atrocities as this
Jahn Bull have claim to no forbearance. Dispassionate argu-
ment is due towards those who reason, whatever be their
party. But here, thank heaven! his masters have no party ;
—they have a gang indeed—of which this same John BMW' is
chief accomplice,—nay, for the honour of the press we must
own be has ever been " himself alone." He is soo Radical,
no Whig, no Tory. What is he then? " Juba Bull." But mark—not
that bluff honest persoisage,firin friend to freedom and his country;
pictured with an open heart, and tongue of truth— Burly, but ge-
nerous—petulant, but just—hitherto known under that name.
No, no. It is another kind of "John Bull," more worthy to per-
sonify Botany Bay than this our Old England,—a "Join Bur ad-
vocate of slavery and oppiession—tbe trumpeter of the ferocious
FORDLIAND and /durum, the enemy of the Constitution, defepder
of murder, and-0 COW dowse" of a certain Portuguese Emmis-
sary,—called Ammo !! ! BRITANNICUS.
e
