FRANC E.

Count Appony has had a communication with
the Council of Ministers, to know the intentions
of the Cabinet respecting the approaching return
of the Austrian troops into Romagna a measure
which is called for by the fermentation which pre-
vails iu these provinces, and which threatens to
degenerate into anarchy. The Council, after a
long deliberation, and conformably to the opinion
emanating from a high quarter, is said to have ap-
proved the second entrance of the imperial troops
into the dominions of the Pope.—Revolution.
PARIS, Au c 28.—Intelligence of a decisive
battle having been fought in Poland has not yet
readied us, but we learn with pain and apprehen-
sion that a deputation of the representatives of the
nation, with the immortal Czartoryski at their
head, have deemed it their duty to proceed to the
camp of the Polish Generalissimo, and demand his
I retirement from the command, or that he forthwith
offer battle to the enemy. In any point of view
this alternative is so obviously alarming to a ge-
neral observer, that the result is looked for with
more than feverish anxiety. Will it be credited,
however, that those who ought to know the real
state of the country and its resources, have no
fears that even should the Polish army be routed
in a general engagement, their holy pause would
be lost !

Ns pcza, Aug. 11.—A vessel has arrived at
Palermo, with a cargo of iron, from Cardiff, and
the Health Office has crdered every bar of the iron
to be passed through ire, previous to its receiving
pratique. It certainly would be well for some
of the Newspapers to publish the regulations that
were ordered by the health office in Sicily, for it is
only by 1 üblishing such absurdities we can hope for
redress ; and, assisted by the official reports which
go from the Consul and Minister here, may tend to
make our Government interfere. We have got
the Consul to remonstrate against having the sugar
emptied from the cask, and the cask steeped in the
sea for two days, the goods remaining in the inte-
rim in the Lazaret. Whether we shall succeed or
not, time will show; meantime they are actually
receiving the iron through water and fire.

It is believed to-day that the Talavera and War-
spite, with the 89th Regiment, are destined for
the West Indies, and not for Antwerp, as was ge-
nerally reported yesterday.
The Programme of the Coronation procession
indicates that it is not as was announced, to go
round Constitution-hill and Piccadilly, but only
through Pall-mall, &c. We are sorry for the
change, since not half the number of spectators
can be gratified, and those will be inconveniently
huddled together.

The Law Commission have begun to make a
chew of work, in return for enormous expen-
diture. Thus we gave on Saturday a proposed
law to put an end to fishing bills, and another to
enable the Courts to direct en arbitration at tt •
request of either party ; a good measure, if the bar
are not Rolm volens made the arbitrators, by which
parties would get law instead of equity.
The cholera has broken out with violence in
Vienna. Thousands of families were, at the date
of the last accounts, eying from the city.

Z i.

f the
ene.

t the
' the
have
can-

Tar-
s, we
tcted
wing
mnly
'real-
'resi-

with
tions

Var-
I for
ge-

sion
o go
)nly
the
tors
ntly

is
sto

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 31.

ONS O'CLOCK. THIS DAY.--Thermometer, 68. Br
'valeta, 29-91. Wind N. Weather, cloudy, and rain.

••• Thls Paper will be regularly forwarded
:0, Post, nn transmitting Orders to the Office,
Toni:le Bfle. London, or to any of the usual
_Vrtesmem.

Further equivocation of the King of HOLLAND
:4 at length prevented. The Five Powers have
...:Ley proposed to him a six weeks' armistice with
:3:;1::jum, to which he has formally acceded.—
During this period, negociations are to proceed,
with a view to the Snal settlement of all ques-
ions between Belgium and Holland.

The tactics of the anti-reformers appear thus
far to have been attended with unmetited success.
Dv a system which deserves no more exalted
Lfcriptien, than eternal botheration, they have
rendered the very name of the Reform Bill a
disease-cr:ating charm. Readers of newspapers
to:n from it with nausea, and the discussion of it
:nders Editors nervous. One worthy gentleman
in the House of Commons, Mr. Dawson, the
heather for the County of Louth, has actually
;ailen a victim to his zealous devotion to his duty,
and we know several other members whom succes-
sive midnight debates, have laid on the bed of
sickness. At length, we find that even the iron-
eor!stitutiou of my Lord Althorp has given way, and
that for some evenings, he finds himself unable
to Take scat in the house. This may be sport
%. the confederated enemies of the bill ; but twenty
millions of people are not to be baffled by such
coarse and vulgar jockeyship. If the people feel
any discontent on the subject, it is not against the
or its objects, to which they cling with the
ir:mo affecfLn as at the first ; but they think that
a shoner course might have been adopted, and
fr.:: such unparallelled delays are not justified
by the affectation of rendering the measure all-
prflet in the first instance. It is remarked, that
many bills, deeply affecting the liberties and in-
terests of the country have, a: sundry times, re-
ce!vel the force of law, within a few days : and
that ,-.Lich majorities could effect, in very unpopu-
lar instances, might, it is conceived, have been
(Lcted by equally decisive majorities, on a subject
upon which, out of doors, there prevailed but one
cplitan.

Severa: weeks ago, we inserted in the STA R—
atd w; liciicre almost exclusively—the results of
the important, and as we then thought, portentous
meeting, of a species of West Indian Parliament,
or general delegation from all the Islands, at Bar-
badoes. The declaration, and the resolutions
agreed to. set forth a variety of grievances, ap-
parently unbearable, if not promptly redressed.
We also gave place to some authenticated statements
from ou:. Ginaua Colonies;not less impressive. What
::cation these publications extorted from the
Lolonial Office, or from our Board of Trade, we
Lnow not ; but we can concede to the complai li
-
,that the exigencies of the people of England,
the prolonged excitement relative to the Re-
form Bill, deprived them of any political weight in
the country generally. In fact, it is not to be
concealed, that affairs nearer home absorb the
:..,zentiou of the public ; and we should forbear,
von as mere matter of taste, to recal attention
to the subject, were it not that renewed state-
ments, of very ominous character, have ;ust
aclieti us from Jamaica, and other West India

It is not to be supposed, that mere coercion,
favoured by insular position, will secure our in-
terests in those islands, in spite of discontents ;
for it has always been foreseen, that their proximity
t the United States must, in the course of time,
lead to their independence, unless a bond of union,
iz reciprocal interest, should exceed in force the
ttticipations of advantages, likely to result from
sepa:ation, or independence. Nor should it be
fo:zotten, that our own prompt recognition of the
in4ependence of the Spanish Colonies may be
lamed against us, by the United States, Spain,
ecc. if existing questions should bring about any

We learn from the Grenada Free Press, that
the Congress of Delegates is about to re-assemble
at Btrbadoes ; while in Jamaica public meetings
have ken held in Trelawney, Montego Bay, and
St. Anna's ; at which resolutions of the most de-
cisive character have been passed. In Trelawney,
it is said that the mother country is apparently
desirous of separation ; and that if the British
nation consider then unworthy of protection, they
desire to be absolved from their allegiance,
and allowed to seek protection Irons another na-
tion. At Montego Bay, exactly similar decla-
rations are made ; and the inhabitants of Jamaica
41e called upon to be true to themselves, and
Lot hereafter hare the self-reproach of supine-
or cowardice. In St. Anne's, similar sen-
animus are expressed, with some qualification.
We arc aware of the extreme difficulty of re-
conciling the interests of the Colonists, with the
tinal necessities of the Government; and also of
the discordance between moral feelings in Eng-
iatid, and West Indian slavery ; but the most ad-
"iltageous solution of these problems is a study
kir our Statesmen.

—......--
Nothing fret,h has transpired in London to-day,
telatire to the critical position of affairs at Warsaw.

We have a Flanders mail, with extracts from some
German papers, and articles front Poland of the
14th and 16th, containing some notices of move-
ments by detached corps of the Russians, in the
country behind their head-quarters; but no fur
ther notice of the principal operations. We
are sorry to observe that the Prussians have ceased
to disguise their support of the Russian army, for
which purpose, a Prussian Commissariat appeared
to be in adverse activity. If France and England
were true to their principles, and the Governments
of each yielded to the feelings of the public, this
crooked and abominable policy of Prussia would
not be permitted.

-The Archbishop of Canterburv's Bill, to put
an end to those pluralities conceded to dignitaries, ,
by the statute of Henry the Bth, was read a second
time in the House of Lords last night.
' The Sublettirr,. Bill was committed, after various
Observations and objections of Lord Wicklow, to'
which Lord Melbourne and Lord Plunkett replied.'
In the House of Commons, sundry petitions
were presented by Mr. O'Connell and others ;1
and one by Mr. Wood, from 500 persons at Mac-
clesfield, praying for the liberation of the Rev.
Robert Taylor, and calling the " Suppression of
Vice Society" a society for promoting vice.
Mr. Hume presented above a dozen petitions
seriathn on a great variety of subjects, to: which
we refer to our Parliamentary Report.
Mr. I-lent presented a petition against stamps
on smell publications ; and Mr. Hume expressed
his astonishment that such a tax should be main-
tained.

Mr. Hunt then presented a petition from the
Westminster Political Union, praying for Annual
Parliaments, Ballot, &c. on which he asserted,
that public opinion relative to the Reform
Bill was changed, and the people now consi-
dered themselves as deluded. These observations
drew animadversions on Mr. Hunt, by Mr.
Lawley, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Benett, Mr. Harvey,
Lord Morpeth, General Ferguson, Mr. Hodges,
Mr. Paget, Mr. James, Mr. O'Connell, Lord',
Lennox, Mr. Hume, and Mr. Shiel—all of
whom maintained that the principles of the bill
were as popular as ever ; and some of them
were very severe, in their strictures, on the con-
ch:e:. and language of Mr. Hunt.

Lord Palmerston stated that Lord Althorp had
suffered so much from fatigue, that the Committee
on the Reform Bill must be postponed after to-
night till Monday next.

Mr. Co:u•tenwy moved for papers relative to
France and Portugal, in which be was supported
by Mr. Robinson ; but Lord Palmerston stated
that he should lay the whole, with other papers,
before the House.

In the Committee on the Reform Bill, Lord
John Rusrell moved the 22d Clause, on which an
amendment was moved by Mr. Peel, to give
the right of voting to freemen residing within
seven miles. This led to a protracted debate, in
which there were thirty speakers for and against
the amendment, which was negatived by 210
to 131.

A second amendment was then moved by Mr.
Wilks, to confer the right of voting on any person
who married the daughter or widow of a free•
man; which after some discussion was negatived
by 131 to 38. Some other amendments were then
moved, after Which the Clause was passed.
This day the King came from Windsor Castle
to St. James's Palace, where his Majesty held a
Levee, and afterwards a Privy Council, which
was attended by all the Cabinet Ministers, with
the exception of Lord Goderich, who is in-
disposed.

ROTA EXCHANGE, ONE O'CLOCK.

The Coasol Market is rather languid at present,
and little doing. Console, K hich left off yesterday
at SU, opened at the same price, and continue f 0
at present. Brasil Stock is rather lower.

TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols have fluctuated from 81i 3 down to
for the Account. The money market has
seen very heavy, and money in the Stock Exchange
is very scarce.
_ _

The Foreign Market is void of interest.
Consols are now 81 1 for the Account. The
Duke of Brunswick is said to have sold this morn-
ing a large amount of 3i per cents,which prevented
that advance which otherwise might have followed
the temporary arrangement with Holland.
