TO THE LITHUANIANS.

rt
!,

;

.

Countrymen—The Polish army enters your
territory. Children of the same country, Poles,
t.t:ite vont-selves to us, to cast aside the odious
3,:he of slavery.
" Abandon your houses, your fortunes : abandon
every thing that has been most dear to you, and
.crowd together to secure the first of blessings—the
independence of our country.
" But let us not deceive ourselves. For the fu-
ture, severe labour and sanguinary contests await
: we have to contend with a powerful enemy ;
his forces are Prodigious—the extent of his do-
minions great.
" The contest will be terrible and arduous; but,
rteollecting that Providence grants strength to
union, that it gives victory to courage and perse-
vet once, let His name be invoked as the aegis °four
holy cause, and let us seek aid from Him and con-
solation in religion. Guided by these truths, we
shall attain the greatest of earthly benefits—the
freedom of our country. Liberty and independence
our universal cry : it is to them that our efforts
IA lid, without them there can be little merit in the
sight of God. Would to God that I could inspire
you *ith this truth, that a nation struggling for all
that Is most sacred on earth will find inreligious re-
nettiOh the best aid in obtaining the object of its
ocsiree : nations and thrones will crumble into dust
%hen they shall hard abandoned these eternal
principles.
" 1 le duty of Kings is to render men better,
and it is only on that principle that the sacredness
lacy of their thrones can rest.
'hen a Sovereign himself tears asunder
bonds which unite him to his people,
lice to his arbitrary will leads to dis-
w GOD, then an appeal to anus is as
inexorably necessary.
cast but one look upon the situation of

our country. The prosperity of that country has
disappeared, national progress has been obstructed,
the traces even of domestic virtues are gone, our
souls have been degraded by slavery, and our wealth
has served to foster debauchery. Governed by im-
potent individuals, the national character every',
where sinks into insignificance ; the sole object of
those who governed us has been to dispossess us of
every thing which is valuable in the eye of heaven
and earth.

"To arms, my brethren, to arms; It is to you
I address myself, inhabitants of Lithuania, Volhy-
nia, Podolia, and Ukraine. Now or never is the
moment for casting off the afflictive yoke. Our
success hitherto shew•s that it is the Deity himself
who guides us ; let us depend on his support, let
us unite, then, with arms in our hands, and hope
in our hearts. lie may at first try you with disas-
ters, but that ought not to discourage you ; the
habit of combat, courage, and perseverance, will
conduct to victory.
" It is not against the Russian nation that we':
take up arms— that generous nation has the same'
origin with ourselves : its energies and its strength
guided by our implacable enemies in the spirit of a
deploralle policy, are worthy of higher destinies.
Its law, its religion, will be respected by us, in pro-
portion to the respect we cherish for the laws and
the faith of our fathers : it is not against these that
we wage war, but against that spirit of despotism
which has crushed and oppressed us.
" Our enemies calumniate us to the world by
accusing us of being influenced by Jacobinical
principles.
" WE PROTEST BEFORE GOD AND THE WHOLE
WORLD THAT THE RELIGION OF OUR FATHERS,
A CONSTITUT!ON AL MONARCHY, TILE CONSOLI-
DATION OF THE LAW, OF TRANQUILLITY, OF
*SOCIAL ORDER, HAVE BEEN, AND EVER WILL
BE, OUR ONLY PRINCIPLES OF ACTION.

I again repeat, victory will not be easy ; pro-
digious efforts, sacrifices of life and of property,
await us, and even, perhaps, repeated reverses.
Durinf, a protracted war perhaps a wandering life,
or perhaps the death of martyrs, may await us ;
but, trusting in GOD, let us not retreat ; and, com-
bating in the name of religion and of liberty, let,
us acquire some merit before that GoD who re-
compenses union, courage, and perseverance with
victory.
" Success to Liberty, under the protection of re-
ligion
and the laws !
" Success to Poland, under the protection of
GOD!

“ SKRZT NEM.'

RUSSIAN TREATMENT OF BRITISH SUBJECTS
IN POLAND.
COPY OP A PETITION DELIVERED LO TEE BRITISH

GOVSRNMENT.

To thz Right Hon. Lord Palmerston, His Britannic Ma-
jesty's &ovary of State for the Foreign Department.
The undersigned, being a subject of his Britannic
Majesty, humbly begs to state his case for the con-
sideration of your lordship, being fully aware how
much interest your lordship feels in what regards
the welfare of British subjects resident in foreign
countries.

Your memorialist is by trade a flax-spinner, in
which line of business he has established a concern
at Winsouna, a village belonging to Count Mos-
towski, situated three German miles from the city
of Warsaw, in the kingdom of Poland. Being
on the right bank of the Vistula, it was occupied
by the Russian troops on the 20th of February,
who on the same day consumed and carried away
all the eatables and drinkables he possessed, and
for nine days he did not eat a morsel of bread.
On the 22d of the same month, a party of 14
Russian Hussars entered the village, and came
to his dwelling. They unceremoniously broke open
the door (which was closed) with an axe, as well
also as the windows and window-shutters ; they
then proceeded to the manufactory, situated under
the same roof, where he was employed. They first
demanded his money ; he gave them to understand
he had none. The Hussars then took forcibly from
him his watch and gold seals, and, holding a pistol
to his breast, stripped him of his coat, waistcoat,
trousers, and boots, and beat him with a sword se-
ven severe blows on the back ; they cut open each
article of wearing apparel to ascertain if money was
concealed in them ; other parts of his wardrobe
was pillaged, and he himself deprived of all except
the shirt, drawers, and stockings he wore. On the
demand of his razors, he went to a room below
under the pretext of fetching them, when he took
the opportunity to escape through the window (for
the door was guarded) into the forest near the house.
The Hussars then proceeded to pillage and injure
the property in the manufactory ; they stole all
the brass work attached to the machinery, and the
leather belts which drove it, upwards of 300 files,
10 saws, oil and cans, various tools, bed clothes,
wearing apparel, linen, &c. contained in his chest
of drawer,, which was broken open with an axe,
broke parts of his machinery, and committed other
excesses.

The undersigned, on his escape by the win-
dow, succeeded in reaching the forester's house,
where he procured an old coat, and remained
about an hour. Supposing by this time the hus-
sars had left the village, he, accompanied by the
steward, was returning home when he met them,
who again seized hold of him, and inflicted five
more severe blows on the back with a sword.—
He again succeeded in escaping to the forest,
where he met a Russian officer, to whom he re-
presented, as well as he was able in German, the
manner in which Isis property had been pillaged
and destroyed, and himself punished, which ex-
cited only his derision and laughter.
For three succeeding days other parties came
with a waggon, who took from him at each visit
various things belonging to his manufactory,—in
fact all that was portable. His plans and books
of accounts were all destioyed ; a clock affixed to
a wall was taken down, thrown on the ground,
and wilfully dashed to pieces. Visits were daily
made by 10 or 12 Cossacks' who took away, at
their discretion, what suited them, until nearly
all his effects were stolen or demolished.
_ . _

_....._ _
Mr. William Thomas, a subject of the King of
Prussia, a man advanced in years, who was an
engineer on the same estate, received similar
treatment to memorialist ; his house having been
pillaged, his person stripped, and himself se-''
verely flogged. He is gone to Berlin to repre-
sent his case to the Prussian Government.
Memorialist obtained an interview with the Field-
Marshal Diebitsch, to whom he represented the'
treatment he had experienced from his troops. He
(Diebitsch) remarked it was the chance of war,
and ordered a guard of four Cossacks for the pro-

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, JUNE 13.

Our extracts from the Brussels papers of the
10th, as well as our communications from Paris
this morning, on the condition of Belgium, are
highly important. It appears that Lord Pox sox av
and General BILLIARD, were on the eve of taking
their departure from Brussels, and M. How was
about to leave Paris. It likewise appears, that ru-
mours of an invasion were prevalent in both capitals.
" Three corps," says a Brussels paper, "and even
four, are spoken of, which it is said will enter our
territory at once, to execute the decisions of the
Congress of London. These four corps to be
composed, one of English troops, which would oc-
cupy the provinces of Antwerp and Flanders;
the 2d, of Prussian troops, destined to take pos-
session of Lemburg and Liege; the 3d, furnished
by the German Confederation, to take possession
of Luxembourg ; and the 4th, to be sent by Louis
Philip, King of the French, to occcupy Hain-
ault, and other Walloon provinces." These
rumours are discredited in Brussels ; though
the departure of the diplomatists rather tends
to confirm the warlike appearances of the mo-
ment. On the other hand, however, we may ob-
serve, that if the Brussels Papers and Mr. Wit ITE
are to be believed, Prince LEOPOLD has accepted
his now dignity ; but the reserve on this side the
channel proves, that the conclusion hitches some-
where. If accepted, the deputation and Prince
would hasten to satisfy public expectation on the
subject.

Our private letter from Falmouth, of this day,
contains very important intelligence from Colombia,
to which we direct the attention of our readers.

The STAR of this day presents a very interesting
variety of foreign news. Poland, Belgium, and
Colombia equally claim the attention of our
readers.

From Poland we have the affecting proclamation
of SUTER ECK', addressed to the Lithuanians,
and other Russo-Polish provinces. It is of a cha-
racter calculated to arouse a people of less heroism
and nationality than the Poles. What a sensitive
picture he draws of a fine country so degraded.
Pot. Es, F. says, cast but one look on the si-
tuation of your country. Its prosperity has
disappeared! It has been governed by impo-
tent masters, and the national character has been
sunk into insignificance ! It is not against the
Russians that we wage war ; but against that spirit
of despotism which has crushed and oppressed us.
His Protest and his appeal to the GOD of BATTLES
will reach the heart of every freeman in Europe.
In addition to this fine appeal, the Warsaw
journals have fixed on Monday, July the 9th, for
a general insurrection, in all the provinces of
Russo-Poland. The inhabitants of every Pala-
tinate, or Waiwodeship, are on that morning to
repair to the respective capitals of each, with
such weapons as they possess, and are there
to be formed into corps, and enrolled in the
service of the whole Polish nation. The ninth
of July will, therefore, be A MEMORABLE
DAY in :the history of Poland. The number of
armed men thus to be assembled, will, it is expected,
exceed A MILLION AND A HALT; and such an
imposing display of patriotic force, will, of course,
put an end to further hostilities, and save rivers of
human blood.

The call is made on all Poland, from the Black
Sea to the Baltic. It includes at once the Ukraine
on the former, and Samogitia on the latter, a tract
750 miles long, and a barrier against Russian en-
croachment, which it is criminal in every Eu-
ropean Government not to aid the Poles in esta-
blishing. Now is the time ; and even in a selfish
point of view, the people of every nation ought to
urge their Governments to do their duty. The
Dwina and the Borristines ought to be the ever-
lasting boundaries of the Muscovites.

The rumours of Saturday, that France had de-
termined to set an example to the other Powers,
and send an auxiliary army to the Vistula, appears

to have no foundation, but its reasonableness. The
French Government appears to be too much en-
gaged in conquering the independence of the electors,
and in puny intrigues about Belgium, to embark in
a grand cause suited to the power, and usual policy
of so great a country.

From the British Government we hope every
thing, but expect little. If the prepared fleet
should sail to the East, instead of the West, our
gratification would be extreme; but it would be
equalled by our surprize. At the same time,
the statement made by Mr. W. Dow x te, a Bri-
tish flax-manufacturer, proves that Russian policy is
that of Cherokees or Jagas, or New Zealanders;
and that Russian practices place its power out of
the pale of civilized society, and the laws of na-
tions. Who is the General FA N 311 Am E named
by Dow Nis ? No such name disgraces! our
army list.

DIEBITSCII.B account of the battle of Ostro-
lenka is very guarded, and proves that he gained
no victory. He calls it a bloody day, and speaks
of five attacks made by the Poles, proving that in
four they were not defeated. He says he took
three cannon, and 1500 prisoners, besides wounded.
In his cause lying is the minor crime. The French
papers concur in stating, that be lost 15,000 men,
and 20 generals ; but tho Poles in London say but
9,000. If the Poles had been defeated, he would
have taken colours ; but he boasts of none, and he
would have pursued, but he knew better. Perhaps
his 1500 prisoners were Polish followers, not
men in arms.

French rumours of a further battle are not en-
titled to credit. We get Polish news by a shorter
route than France.

The speech speech of Mr. 0 CONNELL merits notice
as throwing a glimmering light on Irish affairs;
but such addresses have too much stage-trick and
ostentation about tbem to instruct the world, or
relieve the people. We believe, however, that Mr.
O'Cotor ELL means well, and is actuated by the
purest motives.
____

The Cambrian and Felix Farley's Bristol
Journal, received this day, contain very long and
minute details, of the truly lamentable occur-
rence at Merthyr Tidvil. We are sorry to
observe, that upwards of 70 persons were wounded,
some of whom are since dead ; and that though
the number of killed is not yet distinctly as-
certained, no fewer than sixteen or seventeen per-
sons perished on the spot. Bodies are daily found
in the fields and hedges of the neighbourhood. It
is past all doubt, that the recent reduction of wages
and the baneful effects of the truck system, were
the immediate causes of this tragedy.—
The Magistrates, and leading men at Swansea
have issued a Proclemetion, in English and
in Welsh, patting ar end to that system ; and
declaring that henceforth the men's wages are to
be paid in money every Friday afternoon. It is
but justice to add—what was formerly denied—that
the Riot Act was read, either during the con-
flict, or just before it—which of the two,
does not yet appear very clearly established.
A similar spirit of dissatisfaction has shown
itself, at the iron-works of Neath Abbey, among
the Colliers of Swansea ; and at the iron-works in
' the Forest of Dean, in Gloucestershire. This is
stated to have arisen from the discontent of
the population, at being deprived, by the recent
inclosure on the Forest of Dean, of the rights of corn -
mon which they before enjoyed. In order to recover
these rights, some thousand persons had assembled,
and proceeded to destroy the inclosures. They
have also, it is said, threatened to destroy the rail-
road. A troop of dragoons were proceeding to the
forest, by the last accounts. We trust that this
expedition will not terminate in the same melan-
choly catastrophe as that which was destined, to
act at Merthyr Tidvil.
One of the leaders of the populace at Merthyr
Tidvil is is custody, and, no doubt, will be brought
to trial. We trust, too, that the actors on the
other side, will not escape having a proper scrutiny
made into their conduct.

While the manufacturing_ districts of the West
are thus disturbed, we find by the Durham' Ad-
vertiser, received this morning, that the men be-
longing to Hetton Colliery, and who were recently
bound to the owners of that concern, have again
quitted their employment.

PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE.

PARIS, Ants IS.

and it is only
and If Oilman
t " But wiic
11 c tliosc sric:cd I
1% lien obediel
pl , obedience
aiesnicie to
is ii
" Pules, c
