THE GREEKS.

PRANETORT, NOVRMBPR 16.
The Oriental Spectator, which is always written in
favour of the Turks, says that both the Musselmen an.
the Greeks begin to wish that their contest was at an
end: " Nt+ropont, Beotia, and Attica," it says," do lot
furnish theTu rkishTr easury with-more than a million and
a half of piastres; and it costs four millions annually to
keep them in subjection. This sacrifice is the more
evziely fell; as he rte during the war does not re-
ceive' itbove a thiiilrCts ordinary revenues. The Greeks
on the'other hand, as
IA as the war lasts, lead a life
of danger; w ..beteen de tion and slavery—death and
hanishment."*.Es en if the should maintain their inde-
pendence, tb&eipense of their GOirernment and military
establishment would be .double the tribute they paid
the -Porte. 'thus it is for the,,iaterest of both panic%
andparticularly of the Greeks, to come te a speedy ar-
raegernent of their ditference,."
AUG8111:110, NOVEMSI6II. 13.
Accounts brought by trading vessels, from the Arehi-
pelago to Marseilles, say, that there have been varirsus
actions between single divisions of the Turkish and
Greek fleets, which in general have not been of any ad-
vantage to -either side. The Turks had adopted much
better precautions than formerly against the Greek fire-
ships, and thus escaped the danger to which they were
exposed from them. Some Greek vessels of the Ipsa-
riot flotilla have been captured by the Turks, from hav-
ing ventured to approach too near. On the other hind,
the Greeks are stated to have taken some Turkish armed
vessels and one corvette. Koneb-Pacha, the Turkish
Admiral, bad made to the Greek Admiralty formal
proposals to submit upon conditions, which he repre-
sented as a special favour of the. Sultan ; but he
was answered in a few words, that the Greeks would
rather suffer themselves to be put to death than submit
agaia to the Porte. On this subject there is" only one
ovirtion among the Greeks. They have absolutely re-
jected the proposal said to be made by English agents,
that the Islands pf the Archipelago should declare them-
selves independent, under the protection of England,
and place themselves in the same kindof relation with
Great Britain as the Inniito:lsiana....Atemeine Zcitung.
EANTE, OCTOBER 20.
Colocotroni, that Old head of a party, who was brave
only from interest, bad excited a suspicion that he de-
sired to enjoy, at the expense of his conntry, a fortune
of more than 18 millions of fray -s; and it is well known
that at the commencement of lins year, he had formed
a project for delivering Napoli di Romania to the Turks,
who had encouraged him to hope that he might be cre-
ated Prince of the Merea. This negociatiun was covered
with so much obscurity, that though suspicions might
be entertained, it was impossible to obtain anything like
certainty on the subject. The place was given up to
the Greek Government, because the troops of Colocott oni,
terrified at the excommunication with which they were
threatened by, the Bishop of Helos, would have forsaken
their General. The former services of the General made
Lis conduct be passed over, but he was watched by
Maurocardoto, who at length discovered that Coloeo-
troni had an intention of delivering the Peloponnesus
up to its former oppressors. At present he' and twelve
of his associates Me in prison, and all of them have
been exconamtinicated by the Church. Their trial is
going on, and the result will soon be known.—FreAck
Paper.
Ocrosen 24.—We have just received intelligence that
Acro-Corinth has capitulated, and that 200 Turks, who
were reduced to the necessity of closing the. gates of
Coron, which they were unable to defend, entreated
permission to surrender. It is to be feared that these
wretched den, who in 1821 had caused the Bishop and
Clergy and principal Christians to be hung, will not be
treated so leniently as others were, at least unless some
foreign Power should intercede for them. '

EXECUTION OF RIEGO.
PRIVATE CariSPONDENCE.
ladrid, Nev. 105 1823.
Since my last, the most important event that has oc-
curred has been the execution of Riego, pursuant to the
sentence, that he should be drawn to a place of execu-
tion and hung.

On the 4ainstatit, in the middle of the rift, he was
removed from “ El Seminario de las Nobler., where he
he had been confined, to the Prison " de la Corte," and
et nowt the next day, the sentence being read whim, be
was conducted to the chapel, with a couple of friars to
assist him in his devotions, as is customary, forty-eight
bouts previous to execution. A table with a cruci-
fix *as placed in the street. opposite to the prison, to re-
ceive the offerings of the pious and charitable for the
purpose of defraying the expenses of the funeral, and for
the saying of masses. Curiosity was excited to see some-
thing of the last hours of a man whose name had re-
sounded so much throughout Europe during the pre-
ceding three yeas's, and numbers applied for permission
to see him, both berme and after the trial, but none were
indulged. The lawy,:rs connected with the proceedings
and the friars choosing to be his only observers, advisers,
and consolers.
'On the 7th the c:owd began to assemble as early as
nine odnck round the doors of the prison, and in the
Calle de Toledo, through which be was to pass to the
Plaza de Cavada, where the scaffold was erected.—
Riego had requested that none but the Spanish guards
or troops of the line might attend ; the.Fiench Com-
viand:tat therefore ouiy interfered so far as to place a
few piquets of French cavalry at the opening of the
streets, to preserve order; and there were no Royalist
volunteers or other soldiers to line the streets, a few
lancers tiding Up and down to keep the way clear.—
A bnuthalf past twelve the unfortunate man was brought
to the outward prison door, pale and emaciated, scarcely
exhibiting signs of life: his coat had been•stripped of,
and he was covered, from the neck- to the feet, widko
White linen. rek ds Am** fastened.. with-a mod •
Vie waist. His bands and feet were tied, Red-birwas
seated on a-seri of rotated-hurdle, with a pillow to sup
port hint, and friars on either side to keep-him up, and
afford'him spiritual comfort. fit his band Avao plead
a small pint of the crucifixion. is-feve horse eadietol
went first, the constables and officals beisetsist Mahe
pi ison,. an image of Ciforer on the eons, the as drarl
gang the hurdle, a number 'of eecleirtraties aagli friars,
and a body of cavalry, completed the procession. •
In the streets, and at the balconies, with few nap!
tions, there were multitudes to witness it : the -eitatoh,
tions were of those houses (and those the best) whets
proprietors. or occupiers had been friends to Riego..--.
The greatest order and silence prevailed. Not an insult-
ing word escaped from any. Little could be seen of
lion,. as he beet his head on his bosom, except when
nice or twite he raised his looks to the ft iar, who kept
s,vrakiog to him. On his artiste' at the foot of the serf-
tow, Ix, was lilted limn' the hurdle, and seated en the

first step, where
he was lifted up
(Pe einicutiOcier I
Priest asidgessed
of thse wiporn
hieAbemiee. 4.The
ing to the word:
the side, and here occurred the most barbarous spec-
tacle, though a humane act to the sufferer. The hang-
man jumped upon his shoulders, jerking himself several
times, and covering the face with a handkerchief, which
he soon took off again, and waved inbruul triumph, as
a signal for the people to cry out. Viva el !leg; but
among some thousands, a few hundreds only joined in it,
and few repeateJ it a second time. Two men were below
under the scaffold to pull she legs, so that a sense of pain
could only be momentary. A savage from the crowd
struck the body with his fist, which was the only insult of
In the eveninet was taken to the nearest church,
and at night was interred at the Campo Santo, by the
Hermandad de Canidad y Pae--aninstitution framed
for acts of this nature, and wh6 defray all charges when
ate cbllecttons are insufficient. • How are the mighty
fallen! seemed upon the lips of every one. What a
contrast! the contemplation of this man when in 1820
parading in triumph the streets of Madrid, receiving
congratulations and cheers on all sides, and showers of
flowers from every window, and subsequently in all
public papers dignified with the appellation of a here'
and ge immoital; and by the populace sometimes with
those of " Santisima' and .‘ Emperador," and now
ignominiously drawn through the mud to the gallows
as the meanest malefactor, without the solace of a triend
—Sic transit gleria mknii
As the Friars alone were about Riego, nothing can be
known about him but what they please to tell us. They
ao doubt tortured him, body and soul, till be was
nroulded to their own mind, and bereft of all fortitude,
and resolution; that he exhibited no sirs of heroism at
his last end was seen by all, and they airy, although he
did not suffer with the spirit of a herh, yet he &.d a
true penitent. As the King, by the Decree of the'lst
October, had stripped him of all his honbers, said he
was tried by a Civil Court, he could not claim 'the pri-
vileges of a soldier, and probably he Mt tbe issioirianj
to which he was doomed greater then death itself. k
is said he wrote to the King, calling on him to remelts.
ber his coaduct on the 7th July, when he bad been his
consoler, assuring him of his personal safety, and that
he would be the first and last to defend hini, and if that
considEration did not %velgh with him, he then implored
his clemency to pardon him. The King's reply was, the
law must take its course.
' During his istiprisOoment Riego had also written se-
veral notes to persons be looked upon as friends, •rlid
questing trifling kindnesses, none of which were IW'
swered, out of feati, 00 doubt, of being looked upon nee
after with an evil eye by the Government. We ire cold
that
,the night previous to the execution he desired a
scrivener to be called, and dictated to him what would
in England be-called a last dying speech and confession,
abjuring hie errors, and asking pardon of the King, the
nation, and'theindividualewhom he had injured. TbiS
has not yet been published, but we bare the friars' word
for it. The declarations' taken from him before his trial
are now before the Conncil of State for -their inspection
and determination.-10 his Personal appearance Riego
had nothing to boast ef—a slender make,' of about five
feet nine, patted with the stnall=pex, and his countenance
otherwise not prepossessing; his talents and qualities
will be best related by those who best knew him.- On
a slight acquaintance, he -appeared to posseis a good
deal of activity and zeal in what he bad to dot but no-
thing farther. ,

THE EVENING MIL

LONDON.

TO CORAISPONDENTS.
The Letter el NUM have hseertios t
rem—

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 25,* lam. •. • ".:
THE FUNDS. • • •
STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Cassels opened WO itageldnig at tom, I, and for the next Aceeset
• In .the earty.pen ei the 'morning a good deal of busimess
was doing for the nest Seceant—hat litdcfor the present time.
The article la the PA* Spodsy, stating that the Coostka.
dotal Loans will never be paid, has had 40111 C effect in the Foreign
Market this morning, antbas lowered Spanisit-Boads: .
FOREIGN FUNDS. -
Speolik Bonds epened•at W/6 to but lowered to an,
with little doing, owing to -there being no Information from the
Continent.

- .
Current Prim t—New Spanish 111‘ Old Colowildosel
to Russian 8411, Old Prussian 1171 011, New SO, Chiba 661
to 67, Port's S.

FOREIGN EXCHANONS, '
Avoninax, Nov. 21.—D0 ban& 39.10. t DI. 39. S. •
13Ausuocu,Nov. 111.—Ou London, 30.94. 37. 04. •

PK:summon, Nov. 4.&—Oa Looks, IL Is-52; Pods. 100. }.
Itlca;Nov. 6.—On Londea, 9. 1949. ,

Nov. 15.—0 n London, S SI. 7.3.1.
PRICK OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock 224-3 pertent.Redvied 63% ft %
3 per Ct. Cons. 843/4.1/2 1/2-31/2 per Cents. 97% A
4 per Cents. Old 1001/4 3/4
4. per Cis. New 1041/ 14 3/. —l3k. Lg. Ans. 215.16 %
India Stock 26914- %—ludia Ilonds 78s. 80s.
Exchequer Bills (:1,000) 495. '805...
Consols fur Acct. B+% -1/2 14.
Our Readers will scarcely fail to /rive observe& dist
while most of our contemporaries hafe•been alarming
die commercial world with idle dreams of French ar.

sad South American subjugation, we stated
ihat there were no grounds for feat.—that Spain never
mould reconquer her colonies, and that France would
*lt attempt it, knowing as she did the seodloosts of
OM Government, and having given assuranng meg
Sentbs ago that she bad no such designs. The assur-
kowee made to oat Ministers was, that" no attempt would
be made to bring under her dominion any of the South
American provinces, either by conquest be by cession

t,OO from Spain.' This disclakiner, too. was auk at the
very moment when France was ping tuo commend* a
doubtful war against Spain, which might base broken
all use of delicacy on the sojear findlAtteocled, the
test to the colonies of both rowers. . •• • • •
To suppose that, France, out atielist generipityj.
shoold End ships, men, and money for assisting Spain
to recover her lose authositi in.tlae New World, with-1
out in equivalent or Weaning, was absurd; 'aid what

equivalent could Spain give but I:er Colonies, which
France had declared she would nut attempt to bring
tinder bar dominion, 44 either by conquest or by cession
front Spain r
- Thole who felt anyiisslartrt fox; the indepencleace of
South America, must have calculated ltrgely on 'ller
weakness, when thy), supposed that Spain, without
money enough to carry on the ordinary purposes of
Government, without a ship of war sea-worthy, and
with an army on whose fidelity little reliance could be
placed, could for a moment endanger the independence
of the South American States : and it has been proved,
that all the statements of French naval preparations
have either been gross impositions, or wanton exagge-
rations. It appears, however, that idle as were theie
reports, they had given some uneasiness to the Mercan-
tile Interests in the City, and that a depUtation of
Merchants waited on the Ministers, the result of whose
interview is thus stated in the:Times of this morning:
" Two Merchants, deputed by the general body of those trading
to Mexico and the South American States formerly Spanish Co-
lonies, bad an interview, we understand, on Saturday last, with Itlr.
I Canasta and Mr. Huistason. Their object was to asczrt;.in,
it
possible* what were the real views of France with regard to her
giving assistance to Spain, either directly or indirectly, by which the
reconquest of those countries might be effected. In soliciting I:.for-
mation from the Ministers on this subject, it was stated that there
were ar this moment in the different ports of England. 13 or 14 ves-
sels, laden with valuable cargoes, about to sail for South America:
that if any design existed on the part of Fraser to co-operate with
Spain is regaluisis her former possessions. they would consi-
der it the more prudent course, instead of extending theit ship-
ments, and increasing their risk is that part of the world, to call
home without delay the property they bad there, instead *I expos-
ing It to the imminent danger that would be aimed is the event
of a united attack, by Frame and Spain, est ilia efitaillmke of the
latter. The &matador' was treated, wi, mildhretand; with ranch
courtesy, both by Mr. Calmat and Mr. Itininconon, wise, If the re-
port current of this interview may be received as correct, were pe-
culiarly frank and explicit in their answers to the application. It.
was & subject, they observed. of an extremely delicate nature, to an•
deruilie to explain the present vieses'et another Government. or the
imam policy by. which It might ho-actuated; but, udging from the
lideat d the most recent communications which had readied the
British Cabinet, they believed thee no such design, either directly
or iodbecily, was at this manta ehtermined by Fivoik•--
The reports in circulation, that extenihre insomnia were collect-
Ws io the French ports in the West Indies, they had *Mon Oa
know were wholly without foundation : thin the vessels bf war
which were at Martinique add Guadeloupe is ApriPand May but,
kat dale returned to Primo: The Jean Bert was the only French
di* ate* of the first elms in the West .Indiei, and orders had
been sent by the French Government for her return home, in
consequence of the termination Of the Spanish campaign. • Re-
specting the preparation& mid to be going On et Brest, they
believed them to be-on an extras* 'hiked scale, sod Mt more
than adequate to the conveyance of 300 men &wined for the relief
of.the usual garrisons of Martinique end Guadeloupe. On being
(entice pressed for their opinion, whether asp cease existed to ren-
der it en act of 'prudence lit the merchants to suspend or diminish
the shipments to the-former colonies of Spain? the Ministers are
said to have suited that they saw no danger. The deputation then
withdrew. The intervka, tasted more than two hours."

•In a preceding iogit iveltave inserted a sensible er.,s
tick from a Scotch paper, . on the subject of the trails
to!Soath America, which shews how little this country.
has to fear, in a commercial point of view, froth itaY
gam tfie'affairs in the Sew World may take. With an
Administration that acts on the most liberal basis in its
Seeletercial relations with foreign. Powers, with a body
Of merchants possessing spirit and capital for any en-
serprise, and with a fleet and an army, sufficient to pro-
tect our interests in every quarter of the globe, what
have we to fear from the. more confined and less liberal
policy of other Powers?
4

The French Papers of Saturday contain little politi.
cal intelligence, and are principally occupied. in.detailing
the accounts from Madrid, of the joy with which tan-
rittiann VII. haibeen received in the•" heroic city " of
Madrid. Illuminations, bull-fights, and fire-work;, are
the order of the day ; and the KING has reviewed the
Spanish and French beeps. 'This last: humiliation
should have bee:v.llloga the Monarch. • • •
A dispatch from the Corildsimditirt-Getieral lirat.
lincia land Murcia, ttansmitted, to Abe Mirditei:,it 1.114.
ennounces that on the 7th of November, theldemtef
reCognized the Government of.the Kota.`. •
• The Etoik of Saturday
.quotes an article. i'rem the
14.3140 n. Papers, stating that the otienti' for 'the' nevi
Loan had been hissed off our Stock E*Chstatit
to which it adds the following impudent assertion :
r..." The Jobbers on the Exchange of London exert
,thernselves in vain.: they will no longer fintany dupes
to relieve them from the Spanish Bonds. Not a
piastre of the Revolutionary Loin rill ever be repaid,"
Paying a debt and Ekaawledging it are certainly,
,different things,- and We eln not anticipate that Spain,
ander any eiretimstericee, tan loon diseharge her Oen-
Diary obligations,; but mdeli she it bankrupt in hOnotir
at well as fortune, she set*. reengnice the Loans.
It is asserted ielhelksetislierme OA contradiction, to
•Riidlikotey thee sAr mrpop,. is. ender artist, and on his
t•wety'in that state ra Mi 44414 .448 i is masisc.hogY;
ithd.ooinous respetl4olsoWit :171'SA N M IGNIL. It
Itad*emslic;pmfitisat,sis iher.44llrinister had surrendered
himeellto the Wee* and wt. tb the Spanish Royalists,
he ;sight* have beeis rescued from danger; and upon
that fact `of his itorrender;the Piloie had founded the
argument lafety; *liy he has been'know:not ; bat we fear we *cannot avow siarifaiAgetp.
ranee as to the consequences., •
The Coistitutiosisti Ire—teciiterd: of Setardar,.ealis
upon 'the joirniTita.ideilL a .441tement *so''so-
&r
gater,i to French bonocr,T''',* ' wdok!-- 140:
BA Le,Aarraes and. Prittset.t.to are, it isassertesk
free:" not in the we prasinnii, of the stnicisk,isise
man, who held ester erienittel nlrtit tribe •”ir-
., Accounts Trom LeiPsie."4"the 14rli itlst. state, Wk.
trade Si still languititherd.• 'At 'the ce'neliisitiii=
Michaelmas Fair, hewer/04i sdrne Seiws, Trilm'else
made•very extensile o.oteliipes, briritiokiedWes4
were sold alsnott

MR ROSERr WILS

MULLIN, IROVgMBER
• Our Sovereign, like the King of I
psired Sir Robert Wilson of the On
cerferred on him. The Decree to
Appears to be six weeks old, is publid
&ate Gazelle. It is directed to the G
of the Orsier,--end 4e conceived in the

When, in the year 1813, I conk
the Red Eagle on Sir R. Wilson, at
General in the British service, it w
give him an acknowledgment .fer
firmness which he had shewn in the
the independence and tranquillity n
he has slams himself both by words
zealous and ardent friend and advi
and revolutionary prints files, and
himself unworthy of the Order forts
him, I hereby charge the General
Order to erase his name from the list
Berlin, Ist Oet.

. " FREDE
COLONEL LiGn

The following account of the arriva
the companion of Sir Robert Wilson,
Devonshire Fteekolder. There seen
the usurderof the Spanish priests b
Corunna, which we confess we were,
to believe:

" Plyni

"Thursday evening last, Colonel
per the schooner Liberty, of this p
from Cc:4o%llla. The is;,lonel ha
Coruniaa in consequence of the m
in defending the heights of that to
by the French troops. lie states ti
ninth to have him shot, and that
have been certain had not the Flew
feted and protected him from the be
He confirms the death or rather t
prieststrnentioned a few days since
noderbi Vigo, .and also states, that
mtge, the priests having a short tin
his father, by fastening him alive
drawing him in quarters! He alsol
class of the inhabitants already f
quences of betraying. the great cause
table conduct of the Government,
tkibtitions levied on the people, will
country into a much worse field of
.they have jest expel ;cocci!. Allem
itantly; not a Spaniard 'dared speai
Light. One of the dungeons. at
taint
.some hundreds'of poor unforti
has three feet of water .on the Boa
quenee perish daily. The clergy at
for' Blood, nothing but blued

IRISH OCIrRAG
CARLOW, Nov. 17..—0 n Ftiday.n.
who had a warrant to arrest a Gen
sum of essoney,.finding. that the deb
at billiards,' rushed into the hillier&
and fired a pistolamongst the geed
the ball passed very near two ortbi
wall. The fellow has been taken
committr& te gaol.
Coax, Nov. 17.—0 n Thursday
early hour OfeiOt'o'clock, et labour
ing to Wm. Low, Esq. in.the pari
set on fire by the insurgents, and
The family was fortunately absent, b
were'destroyed. . •
_Nov. 19.—..0n Sunday night a
the property of a person of the na
set fire to -at Ballyaudrew, withi
mile of Doneraile. It was not, hos
'tuned, the headsof the sheaf: ha,
, house of a man of the name of Gre
, was also attacked by a large arme,
dreadfully beaten r. his thigh bone
his eyes knocked out. -•
LtUEßrce, Nov. 19.—0 n Wedn
between sin and seven o'clock, two
Vallence and Laurence Lyons, v
keepers on some corn, distrained fo
of Tully, three miles beyond the t
this county, were barbarously mu
lands, and the other on his rain
itlitcheistown, within the bounds of
The following day, Coronets 1114
Mitchehtown and Kilfinan, and
Murder against some pennon unkni
brothers, namedWebtr,of Tully,ove
men had been keepers, have been a
now in custody ; and, from the
Magistrates and police of that nei'
by Charles Deane Oliver, Esq. Co
hope that the murderers will be bro

, -
His Majesty, the Emperor of
the 17th at Elman, 'in the Govern
continued bis journey next day t 4
Ickaterinoslaw, gud was eipeeterl
pital on the 16th. •
Subscriptions have been opened''
for the Greek Pries *he) ir,is =ea
near his Altar, list week, in Nu.
It h remaikable, that while the
Tyrol, .Irc. are sufferin.g ttatist.'dr
inundations, the rivers )n Saxony, i
long continence of Air weather h
to work the mills, erhlCit bliss-ew
price,. though coin is iv-, focialtit
it is said; mast bilninect unless a
• The Oritigat Spa for affirms
September six Algerine -ships• ea
vessels near Chesme, end Janded.tl
It is
,said that the public entry Oi
LOTTE,Of Wiwi-Malmo into St. Pe
till tbe..,beginoing of next montl
illness of the Grand Duchess Atm
The Ch instant being the annivt
Sweden incl. NotOlay,,his MA42I
Pei xcE were present 411 a grit:id. o
by M. Somas x wiJI Ll 4, the Norsveg
Letters were yesterday receives
'July 2p,. 3t which' tili:4,ll,ote jloy:il
session Of:the place ; nog NO the Is
least‘effett to dislocignabens. ,It s
the' view's' of -Ow litter \vitt*" Ink
, PP. tspf_ibe ikai*, at bell *tll
wr, A 4, Arica, tri order 'id rivalu
2,600 wren- Wad been seat 40. Piece
_ ,
Ton, in orar. to ante:a dives
V .i.n it . flOin- -eekUptrilt:4llll ,tl/'
si, (chit Was thotigkt 1)(40W be all
•.
,and kiL:ci)ire one.

ebq made his cepfession. This epded,
p) the ladder 'alvOst wthe top, andwhile
fastened the. sops=abeat 'his neck, the
I thebystaliders, 4esieieg the corgi reties
ben ight ',hive offeodiod,.-:as he forgnie'
7he 'elk{ sitacthetOiegane and on coni-
Is JURA CHRIST; he was thrown off from
