HOUSE OF COMMONS-MONDAY.

Mr. HUSKISSON presented petitions from the Liverpool steam
eempany,against the Irish GraziereSteam Navigation Company bill

DAD DOGS.

Mr. Alderman WOOD gave notice that he would, on Thursday
next, bring in a bill to enable magistrates and others to prevent the
spreading of canine madness.
The same hon. alderman presented a petition from an individual
named Gregory, against the punishment of death in cases of forgery.
The Sheriffs of London appeared at the bar, and presented a pe-
tition from the Lord Mayor and Common Council of the city or
London, praying for envision of the Criminal Code.
Mr. Alderman WOOD supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. BELL presented a petition t'rom a place in Northumberland
against the beer bill.
Mr. LENNA RD presented a petition from Croydon against tit;
punishment of death in cases of forgery.
Mr. A. ELLIS brought up the report of the select committee
appointed to inquire into the management of the library of the
House.—Laid on the table.
Mr. HUME, in presenting a petition from the inhabitants of the
parish of St. blarylebone, complaining of the danger to which the
inhabitants were exposed by the manner in which dogs were allowed
to run about, said he understood that magistrates could not orthr
dogs to be destroyed, although they might be found running about.
He thought it was advisable that some measure should be Jain--
duped upon the subject.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSt IN said that actions had been actually
instituted against magistrates for ordering dogs to be shot. Ile was
anxious that a short Act should be passed, to enable magistrates to
de-troy dogs.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said that he would gladly support the Bil!
on the subject of canine madness which was to be introduced by the
hon. member for the City of London.
Sir. M. W. RIDLEY said, that he thought that the best way of
having dogs confined was by imposing a tax upon the owners, whin
they suffered them to be at large.
Upon the Petition being brought up,
Mr. HUME said that he was not anxious to give too much point
to magistrates relative to destroy ing dogs.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented Petition from certain Protestant
Dissenters in Hackney, and from certain places in the county of
Suffolk, against the punishment of death in cases of forgery.
The hon. Member moved for &copy of the correspondence relative
to the state of the gaols in the West Irdles.—Ordered.

111.13 R ABILNTICEL
Mr. H. (RATTAN moved for a return of the number of ab-
sentees from Ireland, the amount of their property, and where
situated.

Sir M.W. RIDLEY thought that it would be impossible to give
the required returns accurately.
Mr. HUME objected to persons being made prisoners in their
native land. He thought that the proposed returns would be useless.
%lr. O'CONNELL said the only objection he had to the returns
was that he feared it could not be complied with. No country suf-
fered so much from absentees u Ireland; four millions were an.
nually drawn from Ireland by absentees. There was a precedent
for imposing an absentee tax.
Atter a few words from Mr.WmtauaToir,
Alt. FITZGERALD said that his honourable friend, the mem-
ber for Dublin, could not obain any accurate information upon the
subject of his proposed motion, and hoped his honourable friend
would withdraw it.

Mr. TRAIT was favourable to the introduction of the English
Poor Laws into Ireland.

Mr. H. GRATTAN thought something must be done to benefit
the poor of Ireland, either by a tix upon absentees. or by the intro.
duction of the poor laws into Ireland. He had no wish to press Ins
motion.—Motion withdrawn.

Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petidon from a parish in the
county of Kilkenny, against the proposed increase of taution in
Ireland.

Mr. DOHERTY asked if it was the honourable member for
Clare's intention to present the petition relative to the Borrisokrot
affair ?

Mr. O'CONNELL said that he thought it was understood that
if he did not bring the petition forward on Monday, that it was to
be abandoned altogether.
Lord MILTON presented petitions from places in Yorkshire,
against negro slavery.
Col. WILSON postponed his motion relative to the Jews, to
the 17th instant.

Mr. WARBURTON presented a petition from certain bankers,
against the punishment of death in cues of forgery.
Mr. E. DAVENPORT presented a petition from Charles An.
drew Thompson, of Chiswick,* bankrupt, calling upon parliament
to grant a committee to inquire into his case, and to aford such
relief as the hon. house shouhl deem fit.

Mr. SYKES presented a Petition from the ?dannfacturers of
Soap and Candles in Scotland, against the tax on Soap and Candles.
The Hon. Member said that no tax pressed so heavily upon the
poor as the tax upon soap and candles. The tax was a tax per
pound upon candles. If the tax were taken of soap, it would ena-
ble a poor man to have two clean shirts instead of one. The as
fell upon the poor consumer, and not upon the seller The tax
upon soap alone was 1901. pee cent. There was no tax upon soap
and candles in Ireland. He was not anxious to inacue the taxa-
tion of Ireland, but he thought that, as long as this inequa-
lity existed with respect to the imposition of duties, so long
would smuggling continue. There halt been a decrease of forty-
one licences in the soap trade during the last year, owing to the in.
crease of smuggling. In the last forty years the total number of
licensee had not increased. The increase of tallow, as imported into
this country, had been as three to one, while, on the contrary, the
manufacture of soap hod only increased as 13 to 10 This proved
the illicit manufacture of soap, and that the ue, intuits 1 of
being benefitted by the imposition of the taxes in quastioa, it was
injured.

'The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that, while
he agreed with many of the propaitions of the host. member, he
must say that many of his calculations were founded in error, and
this arose from a want of sonnet acquaintance with the hems to
which be had referred. He admitted that taxes were an evil, but he
could not be accountable for their existence. WI 'acts, the how.
member brought forward Ma ritoripa on thia subject, I would be
prepared to discuss the matter, hem bs item, with him.
Mr. FERGIUbON thought ihet, irjbot Onvemment bad taken of
the tax upon soap, mulles, sad posh, {hey maid bneo.lkne ten
times a grater benefit to the ceteetiPthen ibcp would by taking off
the tax upon beta , .
