~.-.
• . NEC's*. . —•- .
. . . . --•
./
' tr, , % - • ..' i
....,..
. . .
. ..
c.t
~
1 , .
I ' ‘ . %- • I i
• ..• -1 ft ..:' 1
• - • • 111 //' 5t 1. ,
' f .1
. fi
`•
---
s
; .
I. .
i -
4 ..k • • 0 "
klio
,i. • . -...-.... ...- --....—... .- -._ .----. .
'
i
i
#el
11 11 •te '''' N )il, j- ' .c. .
~.4
7 • • '. L
f k-'N r. 4 4, .
v, iNh.Y.%
.74,11 k As. p . -
•
a at, .
-
i,,
elk , .
, co
• ~
• •
._..._......._____
.._
TIIURSDAY EVENING, JUNE • 15, 1896 .. .
[PRICE SEVENPENCE.
attain—conducting our pre_ LAW INTELLIGENCI
• --ex----
vho respect t. e name of COURT OF CHANCERY, Jest
'ide of Grecian blood EX-PARTS GRINSTEAD IN THE MATTER . •
hand; to oppose the AND oraas. -
-rue! oppinent of The L-RD CiiAtebet.ton. decided, this m
'ln, the in itna:e,, the. debt sought to he established by GrirnEk
their °fret ings the estate of Howard and Gibbs, could not to
After weighing the case with all the caut •
nil the same ought to he exercised by one who sat both as,
'ts• jury, he felt obliged to come to a conclusion
t arenl,
had ansiiusly endeavoured to avoid. The
fixed between the pa!tie. Proceeded with the greate
'Lib' bony up to Nov. 1818, wlr n, to use the expre:
1" Mr. Grimsterl, Mr. Gibbs set about decelvini
That regularity consisted- chiefly in circumstat
'eta;ling the receip:s of annuities and interest i
nounts between the parties; hut with respect t,
*tig to Gibbs the book 'whidh contained- those
he was quite unable to reconcile the•answes i
'd. He said at one time that he did I.mk at
•
If the account, and again he said tat be .
said that he did not int* throu,h them
:-
',e ought, qualifying his expressinr s. in
,as not becoming in one corning into .
On the c”mraiison of Grifotteid
with Gib*:s, he -could not, with
-Art of Juttire, give credit to the 1• i
,00lc. respect reect to the era- • I
that if Mr. Gibbs wished
whorl he had hitherto
tkably bold step, and ore
eed. If There were no
that Grinbtead aught, '
11c, comoel4he pay.
,t, at the rate of
'le evidence pro.
1 it with great
1 the case to
stead, nor
ltd- sy ith
cr•nre,
'ty of l
..
,in • i
1
• t
~ •
, ..
• ,•
-.i
! I
.1*

The representatives of the different provinces of Greece
assembled at Epidaurus, and legally and regularly con-
vened in the third National Assembly, having adopted
plans tending to promote the interest of the people, and
unanimously decided upon that which present circum
stances demand, and upon the secesary mode of car-
rying their decisions into execution, previous to the pro-
rogation of their labours, as ordained by the decree No.
4; offer in the first place to the throne of the Most High,
humbly and submissively, the tribute of the most sin-
cere and heartfelt thanks of the Greek nation, which,
devoutly trusts in him and which, although he in his
wisdom has subm;tted it to bitter trials, he has not for
a moment forsaken, during the course of its long and
arduous struggle, but has looked down upon it from on
high, and evinced to it. his divine power and the glory
of his sacred name.

Having, from the depths of their hearts, performed
the duty of testifying their gratitude towards the Omni-
potent Pnovirresrce, they proclaim, in the minx of the
Greek nation, its unanimous and undivided determina-
tion to live and die amidst all the chances of war, in
firm adherence to the holy precepts of the Chri
religion, in defence of whilth they have shed torrents
of blood and tears on the face of their country, and
that they will unceasingly struggle to deliver Greece
which a long despotism has polluted and enslaved, and
which barbarism has profaned.
The Gteek nation hopes that its heroic devotion and
its brilliant deeds in the midst of the most distressing
trials, will have proved to the Potentates of Christen-
dom, that which at the beginning of their Contest they
by disecurses and invocations failed to exprtss, namely,
that the Greek nation did not take up arms to establish
its political exisence on revolutionary principles, which
monarchial Europe cannot admit of, or to appropriate
to itself a foreign country, or to subject other nations ;
but is deliver itself from that which is by some wrongly
denominated Tut kish legitimacy; which the Greek na-
tion never acknowledged, and which the Porte itself
never imagined that it possessed. The Greek nation
.did not arm itself to violate its oaths or to transgress its
duty and obligations; for it never swo e fealty to the
Sultan as his captive slave, nor did the Sultan ever ex-
act as a master those oaths by force or violence ; nor do
the Hellens fight to subvert those institutions which have
social order for their ha,is ; for it is notorious that they
had no institutions orlaws but the word of the Sultan.
The Greek nation in taking up and retaining their arms
sought and still seek the glory of the Christian name,
which was, together with its Clergy, persecuted and
contemned. It seeks the perfect independence of the
land of its ancestors, of which violence and force alone
deprived it. It seeks freedom and a political existence,
of which it has been despoiled : in a word, it wishes to
avoid subjection to any nation whatever.
These are the objects for which the Greek nation combats; for
these alone it sees, placidly and without yielding, its cities and its
villages deluged with blood, its country made a desert, thousands of
its members dragged to slaughter, thousands into slavery and de-
basement; for these alone, with a firm determination, it has dared
to prefer the lots of its most valued relations to a relapse into the
power of Turkish tyranny.
The representatives of the Greek nation consider it their duty to
proclaim these things openly to those who are attached to the name
of Casts: and whose hearts beat responsive to the generous senti-
ments acrd unchangeable resolution of the Greek people. They
entertain a fervent hope that the Monarchs if Europe, who exercise
dominion under Cuiusx, convinced of the egnity and justice of their
contest, will, in this appalling hour, cast an eye of pity on a unfor-
tunate n.:tion whose sufferings arise from its professing and main-
taining a similar creed as themselves.

The representatives of Greece proelaim aloud the above in face
of Goa and man, and in relinquishing their labour as members of.
the national assembly until next September, they offer up their sup-
plication v►ith confident hopes and humble prayers to the throne of
the Aunciam, and solicit his omnipotent benevolence to lock with
an eye of mercy on the dangers of his creatures, and to shed the rich
effusions of his clemency on the Greek nation, which considers him
as its only hope, Its sole refuge, and last resource.
The President of the Assembly,
(LS.) PAN UTZOS NOTARAS.
The Secretary. General,
Given at Epidaurus, April 16th (28th.) A. PA PADOPULOS.

The amount of debt claimed amounted, we believe, to nearly
60,0001.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, Jew: 14.
BLIG V. WELLESLEY.
Mr. Setje int SPA NIUE had obtained a rule on a-pre-
vious day, calling on the plaintiff to spew cause why
this trial should not be postponed till the sittings after
next Michaelmas Term, on account of the absence of
some material witness in Italy?
Mr. Serjeant Vault:max now sheered can:e against
the rule, on affidavit.. This was a case of greet import-
ance to the plaintiff, aitegarded his character, his peace
of mind, and all that was dear to him. The cause was
to have been tried at the Settings after last EaSterTerm,_,..
when it was postponed by -application on the affidavit
of the defendant, which set out that it was necessary he
should be able to produce certain papers in the posses-
sion of a notary at Naples. The nature of these papers
I however, was not explained ; it was not sliewis that they
would bear at all on this case; hut if they did, the
de-
fendant had plenty of time since he had received notice
of trial to obtain them. The same cbservation would
apply to the witnesses, who, it was s4id, c• old not be
got to this country. The statement in the affidavits, re-
garding the witnesses, was curious. The defeniant said
that they, being gentlemen, s•. me or them of distinc-
tion, could not be expected to run the risk of passing the
Pontine marshes, and the Campagna di Rorna, at a s.:•asoa
when the disease veculiar to these places was most preva-
lent. Surely the defendant could have obtained his decn-
ments at least. Couriers were in the habit of passing
these towns, and the papers surely would not have been
infected. Oa the part of the plaintiff there was an
affidavit in answer to this, stating that there was an
eastern or upper road, ve'iiich the witnesses might take.
One of the witnesses was wanted to contradict some
supposed libellous rumours, which had appeared in the
public papers, and which the defendant reared might
have excited a prejudice against him ; but this was evi-
dence which could not be received. Whatever these
rumours were, they had their origin fr.int affidavits
made in the Court of Chancery.; the plaintiff had not in
any way caused their circulation. Then, it was said,
that there had been some official coaimuttication with
Sit Cranes Stewart, who had opportunities of making
certain observations at the Palais Royal; but this was
idle and absurd. The affidavit on the part of the de-
fendant said there was no foundation far the asserted
ill healti of the plaintiff; but there was another aliiia•
vit on the past of the plaintiff, which distinctly stated
that the plaintiff was in a very precarious state; his
lungs were affected, and in fact he was certainly al.
fficted with a pulmonary consumption. U d<r these
circumstances Mr. Serjeant Vaughan hoped the Court
would discharge the Rule.
Mr. Serjeant SPA NICIE argued in support of the Ru!e.
The defenchnt did not suppose the plaintiff had in any
way lent himself to the circulation of the reports referred
to; but they were nevertheless injurious. T.:e defend-
ant bad not an opportunity of compelling the appear-
ance of those Gentlemen by subpcena, they being on
'the Continent. It was said that there had been sutlicient
time to obtain tliem; but the affidavit set frrth that it
was only just discovered that the evidence of three of
the witnesses was material.

The COURT said this was the last time they would
postpone a trial, on account cif a prejudice being excited
by newspaper repents ; the bet•er way would be to leave
the parties injured to big an ac.iutt agaitht those
with whom tl.e injury might originate. They con.
sidered that the deiendant hal trifl,:d A ith the Court by
the course he had pursued ; but as he said there was
some evidence which wasmatrrial, rather than it should
hereafter appear that the verdict might have been
feretit, if he had had an opportunity of bringing his
evidence forward, they wo ild consent to make the tole
absolute.

RICHARDSON, GoODLUCK, and CO. beg to call ale
attention of their Friends and the Public to the Last Lottery that
will ever be drawn in this Kingdom. The Scheme contains SIX
Prizes of £40,000, with various othtr Capitale, the whole to he
drawn in One thy, the IRth of Jen.v. It tenAlteloll, Gnont.uc►,
and Co. recommend an early purehace, as there will be an Advance
in Price of at least 4s. per Ticket on Mospar NEXT, the 19th
or June. Tickets and Shares in variety of I:rube-rim on Sale at
their Obc 104, liguk-buildinzs, Cornhi

The rule was then made abaulute, the defendant paying the COSIOI.,
and with an understanding that the suit should nut abate by the
death of the plaintiff, or that judgment should he tittered ?tura
j•ro tune.
