?ROM TUE COURANT OF DECEMBER 22.

We understand that so fully are Ministers impressed
with the necessity of imparting religious instruction to
the slaves in the West Indian Colonies, that they applied

to the Wesleyan Missionary Committee for fifty young
men, to be sent as Missionaries to the West Indies,
agreeable to the resolutions of that body.
HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, DECEMBER

The following is the amended report of die Corn

wrrwr•7l...,•••'-••••7=

mittee appointed to inquire into the means most ap
propriate to resist Parliamentary innovations, to which
is subjoined the zesolutions drawn up by Mr. Nais:—
" Mr. Srinczar—Your Committee, appointed to in-
quire into and report to the House what steps are neces-
sary to be taken in consequence of information received
from the Agent of this Island, of proceedings adopted
by the House of Commons and his Majesty's Ministers,
in respect to Slavery in the British Colonies in the West
Indies, report, that on the 15th of May last Mr. Can-
ning, one of his Majesty's Secretaries of State, proposed
the following resolutions, which were adopted by the
House, nem. con.

That it is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive
measures for meliorating the condition of the slave po-
pulation in his Majesty's Colonies.
That, through a determined and persevering, but
at the same time judicious and temperate enforcement
of such measurk"s, this House looks forward to progres-
sive improvements in the character of the slave popu-
lation, such as may prepare them for a participation in
those civil rights and privileges which are enjoyed by
other classes of his Majesty's subjects.
That this House is anxious for the accomplishment
of this purpose at the earliest period that shall be com-
patible with the well-being of the slaves themselves,
with the safety of the Colonies, and with a fair and equi-
table consideration of the interests of private property.'

" That your Committee observe with surprise and re-
gret, that his Majesty's Ministers have, by the above
Resolutions, sanctioned the principles laid down by our
enemies in the mother country, and pledged themselves
to enfore such measures as shall tend ultimately to the
final extinction of slavery in the British Colonies.
"And your Committee have also learnt from the Agent,
that in his conferences with the Ministers, it has been re-
fused to acknowledge our claim to compensation for
the injuries the Colonies must sustain in the mere en-
deavour to carry the scheme of emancipation into ef-
fect, by which refusal the Ministers have shewn an in-
clination not only to dispose of our property withont
our consent, but even to violate those common rules of
honesty which ought to govern nations as well as pri-
vate persons.

gi The Committee cannot forbear to express their de-
cided opinion, that the proceedings of the House of
Commons, and the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers,
are a direct attempt to violate the Constitution of the
Colony, and they recommend to the House to adopt the
most firm, strong, and con,titntional measures, to re-
sist such attempts, and to preserve to the inhabitants of
this Colony, those rights which have been transmitted to
them from their ancestors?
The following resolutions were then proposed by Mr.
Mais, and agreed to :

Ist. That the patient endurance with which the people of this

Island have for years past struggled against pecuniary diffi-
cubits, proves how much they are disposed to submit to, when the
evil arises from inevitable causes, or from circumstances affecting
the general interests of the empire ; but this House would be un-
mindful of their duty, were they not to protest mobt solemnly
against the continuance of heavy and ruinous taxation, on the pro-
duce of the soil, at a time when the demands of a state of warfare
can no longer be urged in its defence, and the blessings of national
tranquillity have been extended to their fellow-subjects in the mo-

ther I..a)un;ry.
2d. That this Home can:;ot contemplate, without sensations of,
astonishment, and the most serious apprehensions, the measures
which have b:•en adopted by the Commons House of Parliament,
in the it unanimous vote of the 15th of May last. As if the machi-
nations of a powerful and intrusive patty were not sufficiently ac-
tive for the work of destruction, the sanction of Alinisteriaf autho-
rity has been made subservient to their views, and a decree has
gone forth, whereby the inhabitants of this once valuable Colony
(hitherto esteemed the brightest jewel in the British Crown), is de-
stined to he offered a propitiatory sacrifice at the altar of fanaticism.
:74. That this House, composed of the Representatives of the

People, are bound to guard the rights of their Constituents against
every endeavour that may be made to infringe upon them. The
lions.: pause in awful expectation of the consequences which must
result from the threatened innovation; and whilst they await the
event, they are prepared to meet it. The blood which flows in
their veins is British blood, and their hearts are animated with the
same tearless determination which enabled their ancestors to resist

with success every encroachment of despotic power.
4th. That the enactment of laws for the internal regulation of the
Island is exclusively the province of the local Legislature, subject
to the sanction and waroval of his Majesty. This House, how-
ever, will at all times receive with attention and respect, any sugges-
thins of his Majesty's Ministers relating to legislation, when offered
in a consistent and becoming manner, ai:d will be ready to adopt!
such regulatioss as can be introduced without hazard, and may ap-'
pear likely to promote the welfare of the island; but the House ent-
rust yield to any measure propo-ed for their consideration when the
unqualified ri;lit of legislation is denied, however specious the ob-
ject May be, or however high the authority from which it emanates.
sth. That this I louse, impressed with a due sense of their own

dignity and the intrgrity of the colonial character, set at nought the
malicious and unfounded aspersions which have been cast upon the
inhabitants of Jamaica; proud of their attachment to his Majesty,

his family, and Government, devoted to the interest of those
they represent, and alive to the impulse of humanity, the House

need no pharisaical dictator to prompt, them to the discharge of
their duty ; but will, if left to their own guidance, steadily pursue
that line of conduct which comports with the loyalty of their feel-
ings, their regard to the safety, honour, and welfare of the island,
and the peace and haopiness of their fellow-subjectz and dependents•
The above Resolutions were agreed to, and entered on the
lYli-
notes, nun. con.
