TO CORRESPONDENTS.

The Proprietor of the Cabriolet No. 120, who com-
plains of an aggravated outrage committed on the driver
last night, at Lisson Grove, and of the refusal of the
Policeman D. 175, to take charge of the offenders, is
strongly recommended to apply to Colonel ROWAN and
Mr. MAYNE. •

In our last page will be found a great many particu-
lars relative to the afflicting catastrophe, which occurred
yesterday near Hanover-square. We know not when the
public feelings have been harrowed by the contemplation
of so distressing a tragedy. Deep, dreadful, and compli-
cate, are the circumstances connected with it; yet—if

we forbear to expose these circumstances now—let it not
be imagined that it is for want of a clue to guide us, in
this dark labyrinth of palatial perpetration. No : respect
for One, of whose feelings, even allegiance—if we did
not spring towards him with a more affectionate ac-
tuation—would command us to be tender, shall for the
present set a seal upon our lips. For his sake, we will
withhold our curses ; for his sake, repress the smouldering
fires of that indignant denunciation which we would send
forth in quest of the lurking criminal, and which should
poet after him—whithersoever he fled—like the ban of
heaven, into the obscurest recesses of the land.

The blood which was shed on Sunday—aye, and more
blood—would we conjure up to bear witness against him :
the wail of destroyed families should make demon music

in bis cars—

Nor wide Earth hide bin', nor the trackless path
Of Ocean, bear him from fast following wrath.

But—as we have intimated above—we have set a seal
upon our lips. Woe unto him, when the day comes for
the opening of that seal—for it will be one of terrible
revelation. Surely, the hand of GOD is upon this cor-
rupted country, when those who are its most exalted in
station are become also its most exalted in vice and crime.
Will the pestilence, which has burst like a flood upon the
nation's morals, be restrained by the political regenera-
tion, for which its people are at length confederating
together ? GOD send that it may ! The atrocities of
TA RQU I N the PROU'D led to the redintegration of indig-
nant Rome.

A morning contemporary yesterday noticed a pamphlet
hich has just . come forth on the subject of Mexico. On
looking over the extracts, we 'were not long in recognising
the precise facts clothed in almost the same language,
which have appeared in the columns of this Journal

during the last six months, under the signature of
MEXICANUS. Previous to the receipt of these com-
munications, we were the first to urge the adoption of a
totally different policy towards the new States of South
America, and more especially with regard to Columbia
and Mexico. Our view of the subject was then as it
will always be, that having recognised their indepen-
dence, and entered into commercial treaties with
them, our own interests and the long-established
usages in similar cases, justified every measure having for
its object the prevention of aggressions on the part of
Spain. The justice and expediency of this policy are
so self-evident, that none but those in whom prejudice
and ignorance alike prevail, would dream of opposing it.
But we took another view of the question, as it regards
Mexico. We said, and we now repeat, that this State,
from her relative position with the United States, is
entitled to the special alliance and protection of Eng-
land, Having laid these positions down as the basis
of that policy, which reason, interest, and common
sense dictate, we could hardly expect that our
suggestions would produce the desired effect in
quarters where they have been so often thrown away
on other matters connected with the dearest interests of
the country. We are, therefore, glad to perceive
that the subject has been taken up in the House of
Commons, where it was very ably treated last night by
Sir ROBERT WILSON. It does not appear, however,
that any concession was obt►ined from Ministers, beyond
the mere assurance that we shall observe a strict neu-
trality, unless an excitement of the negroes be medi-
tated. This allusion to the negroes is one of the greatest
absurdities we have heard for a long time. A
hundred reasons might be mentioned to prove
that it would be the interest both of Mexi:l3
and Columbia to avoid such a course. We shall
only name one. Although measures have been taken by
the Sister States for abolishing slavery, such is the dis-
proportion between the white and black population, that
if there is any ono procaution to which the attention of
the respective governments is directed in the event of
an attack upon Cuba or Porto Rico, it would bo to
avoid giving the smallest encouragement to the negroes.
The necessity of this policy is so clear, that we are

surprised it should have for a moment escaped the pene-
tration of the Home Secretary. Our real belief is, that Mr.
PEEL wanted an excuse, and that he availed himself of

the first which presented itself. Without pursuing the
subject any farther to day, we ask the Right Hon. Se-
cretary, whether, instead of begging an improbable
question, it would not be infinitely better at once to tell
Spain, that England will not permit any more expeditions
to be fitted out at either of the above named Islands. If
Ministers want a plea for such a declaration, they can
safely assert that the only effect of these chimerical at-
tempts to re-conquer the New World, is that of injuring
British Commerce, and interrupting our relations with
States which are entitled to our protection.

The Brazilian news is thus noticed in a postcription to
the Paquete de Portugal of this day :--" The Princess
Elizabeth packet has arrived from Rio de Janeiro, from
whence she sailed on the 2d of Dec. The news commu-
nicated by persons in that Capital, on whose statements
we can place implicit reliance, affirm, that the New Mi-
nistry was formed, the Marquis of BARBACEN A for Fi-
nance, the Marquis of PARUA GUA for Marine, the
Marquis of SANTA AMARO for Foreign Affairs, and
the Marquis de CARAT ELAS for the home depart-
ment. The Decrees of nomination have been signed,
and were to be published on the sth.---This Mi-
nistry is determined vigorously to support the rights
of the legitimate QUEEN of Portugal. The frigate
Izabel sailed on the 26th of November for Brest, with the
Duchess of Go Y A z as, second daughter of the EMPEROR,
whose arrival the Viscount of ITA BA YA N A waits by order
of the EMPEROR. Senhor OLIVEIRA comes by this fri-
gate, charged with despatches ; but the ultimatum of the
affairs relative to Portugal, will reach England by the
following packet, which arrived when the Princess Eliza-
beth sailed. Don THOMAS DE MASCARENHAS, one of
her Most Faithful MAJESTY'S Lords in Waiting, is to be
the bearer of these dispatches, and he must be already
about fifty days on his passage.

We are glad to perceive that the subject of Greece is
to be taken up on an early day by Lord HOLLAND and
Lord JOHN RussEL. With the exception of Portugal,
there is no question, connected with our foreign policy,
that calls so budly for inquiry. It cannot be in better
hands than those of the Noble Lords who have declared
their intention to bring it before Parliament.

The Paris Journals of yesterday and Sunday are re-
ceived this day by express.—They inform us that all
eyes are now turned upon the expedition against Algiers.
It is confidently added that, in the Council of Ministers
held on the sth instant, it was determined that this expo
dition, consisting of twenty-five thousand men, should
sail in May next.

New York Papers to the 17th ult. are received this
day. They contain the report of the Committee to
whom was referred that part of the PRESIDENT'S mes-
sage which relates to domestic manufactures. We re-
gret that our space this day will not admit of the insertion
of this interesting document.

A modified system of poor laws and other plans for the
hnprovement of Ireland have been suggested, among which
Parliament is pledged to make a choice in the present
Swim An article in our last page, containing the views
of Mr. Dawson, the inclapendent Member for Louth,
upon this important subject;‘, we think, deserving of par-
ticular notice. The great objection to some of the plans
which we have seen, is the danger, in the cue of failure,
of their leaving the country unable to recover at once the
ground from which they commenced, a clang* to which
all sweeping changes and imperialism@ are liable. Now
Mr. Dswson's views are perfectly free from this objec-
tion. His plan for affording employment to the labouring

poor, if unsuccessful, would not disturb the present
order of things, nor render any other mode of improve-
ment more difficult, and his views on other subjects are
little more than the correction of acknowleOged abuses,
by means at once himple and easy. There are few
Country Gentlemen in Ii eland who have reflected more
anxiously on tbo subject than Mr DA W son—or whose
opinion is entitled to more respect.

We lately adverted to a pamphlet entitled, " Histo-
rical Illustrations of the Portuguese Question," and
promised an early notice of it at some length. The re-
cent debates in Parliament have delayed until now the
performance of our promise, while they have, at the same
time, rendered it a more imperative duty. We allude'
particularly to the speech of Mr. PELL on Thursday
night, in which he is reported to have said, " There
were great doubts whether Don PLuito had the right to
give tha crown to his daughter, and all the Portuguese
lawyers have decith..d in favour of Don Mto var.." Now
this gat: meat is false as an argument, and is unfounded
in fact. There necor was a cause so bad, which a tyrant,
commanding the resources of a country, could not fee
shoals of lawyers to advocate ; but their jtalgment is a
very different case from the pure, unbiassed, impartial
opinion of the legal profession of Portugal, of which the
writer of the pamphlet is a member. The remaining
part of the At it,..ment is still more fallacious. The infant
Queen Donna MARIA us GLORIA'S title to the crown
of Portugal is not in virtue of a grant from her father,
but. in her own absolute ri2ht. Adverting to this
point the pamphlet says, "It has become neces-
sary to state the relative positions of Don PEDRO'S
! present descendants, the offspring of his Majesty's
marriage with the Archduchess LEOPJLDINA of
iiAustria, by whom he had six children—five born prior to
• the separation of the Brazilian empire from the kingdom
of Portugal, and consequently entitled to all the rights of
I Portuguese native subjects; and one, who, as his birth
was subsequent to that separation, is, by the fundamental
law, regarded as a foreigner ; and though the only male
issue of the marriage, excluded from the succession to
the throne of Portugal, the prince, Don Jona CARLOS,
who was one of the five Portuguese-born issue of the mar-
riage, and who, had he lived, must, by the law of La-
mego, have now been the King of Portugal, died in early
' infancy ; and, on his death, the succession devolved upon
his sister the princess of Beira,Donna MARIA DAGLORIA,
as t!-.0 eldest daughter of Don PEDRO, her claims to the
throne as a female being sanctioned by the law of Lamego,
which does not admit the distinction established in some
European states by the Salique law, but contains the
' following provision: " Si hex Portugalir non habuerit
masculum, et habuerit filiam, esta erit Regina. Her
Majesty has three sisters, Donna MARIA, born on
the 11th March, 1821; Donna PAULA, born on the 17th
Feb. 1823, and Donna FRANCISCA, born on the 2d
August, 1824, with whom the Portuguese line of the
immediate descendants terminates. The Treaty by which
the independence of Brazil was recognised, and its sepa-
tion from the body of the Portuguese nation accomplished,
*as ratified on the 25th Nov. 1825, and the Imperial
Prince of Brazil, Don PEDRO, was born on the 2d of
December in the same year ; when, conformably with the
terms of the Treaty, he could not be considered as a Por-
tuguese subject, but as the native of a foreign soil, a
Brazilian Prince, and consequently the heir apparent to
the throne of that empire ; but his birth having taken
place subsequent to the declaration of Brazilian indepen-
dence, he stands in the condition of a foreigner, and is
debarred from all claim or pretension to the inheritance of
the Portuguese kingdom, according to the Lamego Act
of Settlement, which says, nunquant volumus nostrum
Regnum ire de Portugalensibus." It thus distinctly
appears that, by the abdication or civil death of
.her father, the Emperor Don PEDRO, the crown of
Portugal belongs to Donna MARIA DA GLORIA by
right of inheritance, as certainly as if his Majesty had
died a natural death ; and it is the more material that this
should be clearly understood, because the idea of a so-
vereign transferring his people to another by the stroke of
the pen, is revolting to British feeling, aad the statement
of Mr. Peel is but too well calculated to strengthen this
false impression. The act of her royal parent confirmed,
but does not constitute her title to the crown of Portugal.
Our limits will not permit us to notice particularly the
able refutation contained in the pamphlet, of all the ar-
guments,grounded upon the principle of non -interference,
resorted to by the English Ministers, in justification
of their refusal of all active support to the cause of the
infant Queen ; its exposure of the duplicity which would
represent the present acquiescence of the Portuguese
people in the usurpation as a pure. and free expression of
the general will, and its vindication of the loyal and
suffering constitutionalists. In doing justice to the cha-
racter of these generous men, the writer observes, " the
Marquess de PALMEI.LA, and his brother-in-law, Conde
deLtwil A ass, were the only grandees who refased to take
the oath of allegiance to the insurgent government
of Oporto in 1820, yet, strange to say, the Mar-
guess de PA LMELLA and Conde de LINHARLII are now
included in the list of proscribed and persecuted
patriots." It is satisfactory to perceive in the recent
debates in Parliament, that the attention of both Houses
is so fully occupied with this subject ; and it is of the
greatest importance that the public should have a just
and correct idea of its actual merits, it being a question
in which the good faith and honour of the British nation
are deeply and intimately engaged. This full and correct
information is the more necessary because the speeches
of Ministers, in the debate upon the Address, evidently
betray a disposition to smooth the way to the recognition of
doe Usurper. Tkis, however, may prove a more rugged and
difficult course than they are aware of. Have they never
enquired what the country must think of a minister, who,
after having advised his Sovereign to recognise Donna
MARIA DA GLORIA rightfdl Queen of Portugal, would
sow strive to invalidate her title ? No extent of commer-
cial advantage, the only temptation to this wiest

dons step, will compensate tOr the sacrifice of liohow that
would accompany it, and the countenance which it may
receive from the example of the President of the TTnited
States of America, will be more than countervided by
the disapptobation of the Emperors of Anstria and
Russia, boih of whom are understood to continue ad-
verse to the recognition of the tyrant. Any reference to
the conduct of the American Government, as a precedent
for England, is too absurd to deserve notice. America
was at perfect liberty to give or withhold recognitio►►, as
she should think proper. England• stands co►nmit(ed, if
not by actual treaties, by various public acts,—from the
spirit of which she cannot depart, without a sacrifice of
her consistency and her honor.

All that has occurred relative to the Portuguese
Question, since the opening of Parliament, is of high
interost, and demands a more detailed attention from us;
bat we have neither tint° or space to enter into the sub-
ject to day.

CITY, TM' Et., V O.CLoCK.
MAILS ARRIVED AND DUE THIS MORNING.
•• D. lA. D. A. e.
O DubUn......... 0 0 France • 0 I Lilbon .......
I 0 Waterford..... 0 0 [dander*o 1 Jamaica 00
O Guern. do Jersey 0 0 Holland 0 0 Sweden 0
' 1 Leeward !bland. 0 0 Hantburgb .... 0 0 Brazil

Consols opened this morning at the taste price they left raff yes.
terday, 911 C fur the account ; soon after they receded to 911,
and at present may be quoted 91i fur the account. A great deal
of business has been done, the house being thin morning crowded
with brokers and jobbers ; but up to the present time we have no
political information of conscpence.
In the Foreign Market the chief business transacting was in
Brazil Stock, which has rather im; roved.
We have a number of arrivals this morning. The letters and
papers were delivered very late.

_
FROM THR MONTREAL PATERS or Tin 3117 DICTMIER.
At a Special Meeting held of ski. Montreal Committee of
Trade, on account of the recent intelligence from London revect-
ing the ucgociations said to he pending for opening to the United
States a direct intercourse with the British West Indies and De-
merara, it was resolved, that it gives great and just cause of fear
that the interests of there colonies, so distant from the ob.rirat;on
of his Majesty's Ministers, may be misrepresented, and the pro-
tecting system of intercoms.: +which now exits and binds !hew,i
gethsr among themselves and with the United Kindorn may b.-
weakened. It was then resolved, that, in order to prevent such
lamentable consequences humble memorials and petitions should
be framed and transmit:ed to the Right Honourable the Scci. -
tary of State fur the Colonies, expressing their alarm felt co the
occasion.

Vasa Cam Dic.l4.—A nsw loan has been made of two mil-
lions, to be got one-half payable in cash. A conductor of one
million of dollars was safely delivered on the 30th ultimo, and
another was expected. Trade has been brisk.
Madras Paper. of the 30th September. and Calcutta Pam s to
the 7tb September, have also been received at the North aid
South American Cuffre-house. The Madras Paper says: s• We
understand that something in the nature of a fraud has lately hero
discovered at the Bank, bet we forbear publishing names."
HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.
The Consol Market has been fluctuating during the morning
from 911 to 91j for the Account, and fee Money, 919 Buyers.—
Thia rise in the market is owing to an eminent broker having sold
4 per Cents. and purchased the 3 per Cents. which certainly
denotes that that the 4 per Cents. are going to be paid off. Con-
sols at present ate 911
A noted Hebrew died this meaning, a Mr. Levy. lie was a
great taker in of National Shares, and Brazil Stock to an ins-
Meuse amount. His death has caused a depression in the market.
Mexican and Brasil Stocks are lower. Spanish has got up.
