whit!
liofat

basis
pine
An C
:emir
sures
the sl

TOW
menu

been
grid{
olojes

serve
been
Nan
as in
and
sive
elm

give
He
PAC
Indi

yea*
the-j
first
The

use
the
bat

lifil
the

Tea
4104
YAA
Ole

64

vicv
tit;

stl
'ex
Pr

J'
~~

such a term the future. ermanence. of slaVery!—Weai-,
guar!) If he were to be asked on the one hand whether
he was disposed to advocate the continuance of slavery,
he s!rould certainly reply No; if required to give his
qv
"on as to the propriety of an immediate emancipa-
tion, or icotispelled to choose between those two dif-
ficulties, he did not know whether lie should not choose
to remain where they were. Such, however, wits not
pow the case. There was between those two extreme
points a debateable ground for discussion. He looked
confidently to such an improvement in the slaws them-
selves, that the station of slavery would of itself expire.-
Ile was encouraged to do so from looking at the for-
merly servile state of all those countries in Europe
which now had risen to the highest pitch of civilisation
and liberty by the gradual operation of a variety of
causes, which it was not inconsistent to expect would
'operate in the case of the population or these Colonies,
2$ well as in the cases of the population of Con-
tiaental Europe. For such a change he should pre-
fer to look to the gradual operation of the light of
reason, rather than the coercion of authority—Wear!)
The papers which he had submitted to the House were
partly representations from the West India colonists,
partly a statement of what had been done by the Go-
vernments there in order to further the Resolutions of
this House last year. The former of these he should,
pass by for the present, and proceed to state that the'
constitution or condition of these colonies was two-fold;
the smallest of them being subject to the Crown of Great
Britain, and governed without the intervention of any
Legislative Bodies of their own ; the larger being assimi-
lated in their form of government to the mother coun-
try, by each having a Legislature of its own. These
Legislative Bodies were, as was usual in -most cases of
a similar nature, exceedingly jealous of any,approvalur
interference in their affairs on the part of the Legisla-
tive Body-in the mother country. In the course of the
last year this jealousy had been awakened in some parts
of the West Indies, In consequence of the Government
at home being instigated to try the experiment of i-m-
-prcving the condition of the slave population, by such
means as were in their power, in those islands where it
was well known they had the most direct influence:
those islands were Trinidad, Demerara, and St. Luck.
Of these islands, that which seemed most eligible for
experiment was that in which the Slave Code was
already least objectionable. The degrees of superiority
in which the Slave Code of each of those islands stood
were—first Trinidad, next St. Lucie, and lastly, De-
merara-the Spanish , Code being confessedly the
best, the French next, and the Dutch the least favour-
able to the comforts and amelioration of their slaves.—
One great object to be obtained;was to excite a desire
in the Colonists to improve the condition of their slaves
yoloutatily. By amending the condition of the slaves
in those Colonies more directly subject to the influence
of his Majesty's Government, in consequence of being
governed by the King, without the interference of a
local Legislature, it was expected that those Colonies or
!lands differently circumstanced would be influenced
nr encouraged to amend the condition of .their own
s:ave population, if the experiment tried by the British
Government should prove successful enough to warrant
their adopting similar resolutions and conduct. It Was
new twenty years since he had supported the proposi-
tion for trying the experiment in the Island of Trinidad,
as bePrig the Island most faiourably circumstanced for
that furpose. The motion he then made had reference
to the state of the Island. of Trinidad alone. At the
',articular time at which it was brought forward, from
the peculiar nature of existing circumstances, it pro-
duced no practical effect, nor did he entertain very san-
guine expectations that it should, but it VG at least so
far useful as to draw the attention of the House to the
importance of reserving that Island as a theatre, on,
rrhich, at a future period, to try the experiment of anse-
!rotating the condition of the slave. ' It was upon this
basis his Majesty's Government proposed to act, as it
presented facilities not afforded by the other Islands.
An Order in Council had therefore been framed, di-
recting the local government of Trinidad to take mea-
sures for effecting various ameliorations with respect to
the slave population under their controul. He would
now shortly state to the House the different arrange-
ments which, with a view to these ameliorations, it was
proposed to introduce, arid he requested they would,
while he made this statement, bear in mind what had
been dwelt upon last Session, by those who took the
greatest interest in the discussion, as the most desirable
objects to be accomplished.' They could not fail 'to ob-
serve that some. of the objects here recommended had
been anticipated to a degree even far beyond what the
House then expected. The first arrangement in order,
as in importance, had reference to a practice so loudly
and so justly censured, as shocking in itself, and rept&
sive to the best feelings of nature, the,practice of female
chastisement with the whip—(Hear). Directions were
given that it should beentirelyand immediately abolished.
He was bound in justice to say, that the abolition of a
practice so inhuman received the sanction of the West
India body at a public meeting which took place last,
year. They subscribed a declaration acknowledging
the justice and the impottance of the measure, as the
first step towards anything like effectual improvement.
The next in order, was a prohibition to abstain from the
use of the whip in the field, as a mean of stimulating
the male slaves to labour ; from such a use of it as must
have the effect of utterly degrading the unfortunate ob-
jects of such punishment in their own minds, of with-
drawing every generous and rational motive of action,
and placing them on a level with the brute creation. It
was net to be applied immediately and directly, as ca-
price or passion ;night suggest, but under regulations
that must alter entirely the nature, and, be had no
doubt, the effects of the punishment. A distinction was
made betweets the instrument and the mode of applica-
tion—between the effect to be produced when applied
ender proper regulations, to the reasoning faculties of
the Man, aid applied as if to the brute that had no
reasoning powers. With respect to the female slave,
hoa ever, even this distinction did not exist :it was abolish-
'd ''''ti'relYi so far as they were concerned. As regarded
Ise niale, it was restricted by regulations both as to
a. mouia, delay, and witnesses before whom it was to be
Inflicted. It was also provided that a record should be
kept of what had been done in every instance where pu-
nisi:molt was inflicted. Under these regulations the whip
might be applied as an instrument of punishment, but in
no circumstances as a stimulus to labour in the field. By
this means the negro would be-raised from that*state of
d egradationirt which lie hefore-lited, being subject at
3nY moment of life to be treated like the lowest brute.
'.1..a,.: !rest point was one of the titmast importance—re-
i gions instruction and worship. ‘Vitis a view to these
"teat ends, it' Was intended to widen the Ecclesiasticid
saabiishment, on the. sate basis on which it hitherio
sziatal in the West India Islands, without, lioweie'r; a
i.';:,.-ile of exclusion. It was proposed to widen it on

'the foundation of the Established did 'eh, the superin-
tendence and discipline to -be lodge I where it was
lodged in this country. With religioui worship it was
proposed to combine religious instruction. This was
not the proper time for entering into the details of the
subject; but .every person must see that it was of the
utmost importance to tender the slave capable of re-
ceiving other benefits and of justly appreciating them
when received. It Would be an injustice to the West
India interest in England not to say that this part of the
subject had been fully and zealously entered into Is/
them last year••; that it had been clearly explained, and
measures adopted in mole than one of the Colonies.
After religion and religious instruction, naturally came
those considerations which regarded the obligations and
the charities of private life. The encouragement of mar-
riage was strictly enjoined. The ar?angements on this.
head also were in accordance ssith the wishes of the
West India planters, and they had ,in many instances
spewed a disposition to forward as much as possible so
desirable an objeCt. • Growing out of marriage were all
those charities of private life, ;all those tender relations
the preservation•of which was so important. it was, there-
fore proposed, that in any alteration of pi operty, in trans-
ferring an estate from one person to another, families
should not be torn asunder. The husband and wife, the
child and the parent, were not to be separated—(Hear,
hear).—Out of the charities and relations of private life
grew another consideration, next to them in importance
—the acquisition and securing of property. It was the
power of transmitting it to those whom nature placed
in the closest relation that gave to property its highest
value. It was intended to secure to the slave by law
what was now respected a; his by custom. .Though
custom produced the same results, and no instances of
violation occurred as far as he could learn, still it seas
evident that the effect on the feeling and motel cha-
racter must be widely different. After the acquisition
of property, naturally came a consideration of those
means by which the power of enjoying it might be con-
feried. With that view it was proposed to introduce
into the West India Islands those institutions which in
other countries were only the result of ages of civiliza-
tion and successful industry ; he meant banks, with the
advantage of a watchful. notoriety to secure the slave
in his property. When by means like these new ideas
were instilled into the mind of the slave—when he was
lifted from the degrading level of the brute—when he
was taught

"Acclumque tueri,
Jussit et erectos ad sidera tollere yultus;"
when he came to feel all the charities of kipdred—to
enjoy in full force the tender relations of husband and
parent; the power of acquiring and transmitting pro-
perty, and the blessing of enjoying it; when by these
means his mind and faculties were gradually raised and
improved ; then, indeed, could the subject of his eman-
cipation be considered either with justice to himself or
with any hope of a prosperous result. Another point
to which the attention of Government had been di-
rected, was the admissibility of the slave to give evi-
dence in Courts of Justice. It would be as wild and
impracticable to say that such evidence should be ad-
mitted upon all-occasions, and in all cases, as it would
be unjust to say that upon all occasions it must be ex-
eluded. The slave was not fit under existink"citcOrP-
tances to be admitted to so important a privilege With-
out distinction. His mind might be said to be in a state
of infancy, and. even in this country infants were not
admitted to give-te-stimuny in a Court of Justice, unless,
previous inquiry, chewed that they entertained •some
sense of the sacred
_obligation of an oath, unless it ap-
peared that education had fenced their minds with the
guards which religion sets up against the assertion of
falsebool It was, however, thought that it might lead
to highly beneficial consequences, if those under whose
instructive care the Negroes were plated, should;have
the power of certifying generally, not With iletfliii.ente'to-
any particular trial, that a slave had made such ad-
vances in moral improvement as to be cognisant of the
nature of an oath, and that those who had made such
advanfes should be considered something in the light of
a privileged class. Something like an object of ambi-
tion would thus be established ; something to excite in
the mind of the unfortunate slave a species of desire,
the influence of which he never felt before; something
to excite feelings of emulation, and to confer distinction
among his fellow slaves—(Hear, hear). His fitness for
giving testimony in a Court was AP to be judged by
the examination of the moment, by questions put upon
the particular occasion, but by the fact of his having
been previously certified by his instructor as one of the
class who bad made such advances in moral and reli-
gious feeling as to be sensible of the obligation of an
loath. It was here again but justice to the West India
interests to say that already in many of the Colonies,
Barbadoes, Trinidad, St. Lucia, and other islands, slaves
were qualified to givesevidenee under certain regula-
tions. Another thing .which, in connection with the
points before touched upon, could not fail to tend power-
fully to the religious improvement of the Negroes, was.
the abolition of Sunday markets. • These it was evident
must operate strongly against their advancement in
1 moral instruction. The abolition of these markets was
recommended unanimously by that highly respectable
lbody to which he had occasion to advert so often.—
, They granted also such facilities for manumission as
deserved the applause of all who had at heart the in-
terest of so large a class of their fellow-creatures. With
that view the taxes on manumission had been taken away
in some of the islands, and in others a disposition had
been manifested to consider the whole question with
a view to the adoption of beneficial arrangement.—
It formed part of the Order in Council, that the subject
should be pushed further; and with this view, it was
prescribed that any Negro who acquired property
should, under proper gum ds, be entitled to purchase
his own freedom and that also of his wife and children.

Ile had now stated the general regulations of the Order
in Council, applicable however, solely to the Island of
Trinidad. He was aware that at present strong pre-
judices prevailed upon the suhject of granting generally
to slaves the right of purchasing their freedom. It was
not however unknown. It existed at 5.... Kites, and by

usage at Trinidad. Wishing to deal with this impoi-
tans subject as consistently with experience and
existing regulations as possible, it was not the wish
of Government to have recourse to dangezons and
untried experiments; but he thought himself well
founded in saying, that no amelioration 'was im-
practicable of wkich there existed a single voluntary
instance' throughout the whale of the Colonies.—
It was important to ascertain by experiment in the only
case that was completely open to them, that was in the
island.of Trinidad, the whole mass of good thAt might,
be accomplished by brining to bear upoit it all the
scattered regulations which were found to exist through-
but the colonic:. -While these regulations afforded the
imean's or making. such an expet intent, they wire', at the

sa ine. time, an entire, to; theatsittioni wbich wata ditto
rbeestoshjOercthteed nethttr°tbbey7 tlied Wnoestt
so loudly Made. of a geaeral abandonment of the hue-
India Society. It might
go far enough ; but it was
judged more wise,
more consistent with sound policy,
more conducive even to the interests of the slave, to
make ari effort towards gradual improvement, to come
forward with regulations which had, even in one in-
Koine, the recommendation of successful trial, than to
risk the danger of failure by an attempt to effect too,
much. The abolition of the whip, as affected the fe-
male; the prohibition of its use in the field as a stimulus
to labour, with regard to the male; the important re-
strictions imposed on the use of it whenever it was to
be applied as a punishment; religious and moral in-
struction, the encouragement of marriage, the abolition
of Sunday markets, the acquisition and security of pro.
perty by law, the adruission of the shee to the purchase
of his own freedom and that of his wife and children,
the prohibition against the violation of all the most ten-
der charities and endearments of life, by separating the
husband from the wife, and the parent from the child
such were the regulations which the Order in Council
went to establish in the island of Triaidad.—(llear)..-.--
With respect to the purchase or ft eedom, he wa.§ fully
aware that though'they might go beyond the wishes of
the West India body, they fell very far short of the de-
sires expressed by another party. If he slid not mistake,
the Hon. Gentleman opposite (Nlr.Taslor, we believe)
said he was disposed to go further, and to emancipate
the children to be born of the present race of Neer oss,
who existed in bondage throughout- the We.t India
Islands. According us all the roost obvious principles
of legislation, to enact liberty far a ri,ing generation
was to risk an experiment likely to besprosinctive of the
least good for the present, and pregnant with tl.e nro_:t
serious evils for the future. The Hon. GeralLman he
understood was not prepared to enact emancipation fOr
the existing generation. To let in the full light of free-
dom on-the eyes of the slave before the scales of bondage
had fallen off, before his mind had been prepared for so
vast a change by religious, and moral, and social feel-
ings—by a sente of his importance as a human being-T.
by the proud consciousness of his capacity to acquire
and to transmit his acquisitions to those who came after
him—would be to hold out an -object he could not
appreciate, an object his mina could not • by possi-
bility grasp; but like the child who reached at some-
thing inaccessible, the distance of which it had not or,
gans sufficiently mature to calculate— (Ilear, hear).
But it was proposed to emancipate the future genera-,
tion. Nothing could be more unwise, more injui lois to
the parent as well as the child. Must it not be galling
to the former to be told that his child was to have what
he himself had perhaps long thought of and laboured for
in vain ? Would it not be far the safer, the better, and
even the more humane mode
.to adopt such reguhasioa
as would have the effect of making the parent, at some
future period, instrumental in bri iging about the free-
doni of his child—Weary—by permitting him to pur-
chase it when he should have acquired sufficient pro-
perty ? thus precluding, he would not say the feeling of
envy on the part of the parent, but at least of feelings
which were anything else than what a parent should en-
tertain towards his offspring. It would be much safer
and better-to extend in this way the blessing of liberty,
.than if it were to be given as the boon of a sudden en-'
actment. They must deal with the Negro as with the
infant—accustom him by degrees to the proper use of
his powers. But :o turn him loose, before he was pre-
pared, from all restraint—to give tip his physical
strength to the unresisted sway of malignant passions
and untutored reason, would be to create something
like that Being of romance • who, clothed with flesh,
and muscle, and nerves, but not informed with the
high prerogative of . reason .40. regulate and direct
his strength—the person who could create such a being
found that he only raised up .a giant, before whose
tremendous powers he himself recoiled—(Hear, hear).
Such would be the effect of giving freedom to slaves
before their mental organs were formed to see, or their
perceptions to appreciate it. He knew there were those
whose enthusiasm in the cause of these unhappy beings
would willingly outstrip what must appearlo them but
art indecisive step, who said that such a course required
time. To be sure it did require time:—to be sure every
such improvement must-(Hear, What.was it
they had to contend with? Was it a thing of yester-
day No ;- it was the growth of a century—it was the
growth of ten centuries—a state coeval with the Deluge
—that existed with every war Which afflicted the world
since man was man. Did they recollect that they were
the only country which for centuries before had meddled
with the subject? and was it to -be thoeght that they
could destroy by a single blow so extended a system,
and not rather eye with patience the progress of an ex-
periment for a gradual improvement? The regulations
which he had endeavoured to put the House in posses-
sion of'were about to be applied to one of the islands;
but the same iystern would be applied to St. Lucia''
also. The difference between the two was this—that in
Trinidad they had. the foundation of the Spanish
law to work upon, and in St. Lucia, that of the Dutch.
It might be extended to Demerara but for circumstances
which must strike every lion. Gentleman's mind. The
ques6on now arose, what was likely to be the effect on
the other Colonies, to which the Order in Council did not
extend, and in what way it was proposed to deal with them?
If on such a subject it were possible to indulge in feel-
ings of irritation, the Government might be supposed,
in consequence of recent events in some of the islands,.
to feel desirous to apply something like coercion. This
however be should think, in every point of 'view, roost
unwise. In the ebullitions of feeling that Manifested
themselves on the other side of the Atlantic, he saw
Much to lament, *stitch to condemn, but nothhig to
punish. Any attempt of the kind could only have the
effect of carrying the Government into a very fooli•lt
contest. If thee was anything like parity of strength,
he should not be surprised if the pride which dictated
such ebullitions of those who had been raised to such a
pitch of exasperated majesty, should threaten the peace
of Jamaica. But the other course was far the most
Prudent. There were three ways of delivery with the
Assembly of Jamaica ; first, by force, to push them into
compliance; secondly, the means of coercion by laws;
and thirdly, to deal with-them by the slaw • and silent
course of admonition and example. He Was fcr the
last expedient; he hoped they would not have occkuion
to try the second ; and as for the first, he would say that
no case but one of the lasts-and most imperious necessity
could ever induce him to moot the question of the tran-
scendant powers of Parliament to force regulations on
their Colonies. These powers if the necessity should
• arise, he should be the first' to maintain. • But still a
question of such magnitude was' to.be kept back, and
trot brought forward unless upon ,some gnat occat.idn,
not to-be applied to every instance of petty contumacy.
Ibese Gentlemen of the Assembly used language which

itd doubt Ehey skippoki would put. Lem on thisJi.44,nt
the wat* into the most to*eiing rite ir6lit any' :pith
feeling, if intedded to be produted; must be entirely
precluded by the consciousness of weakneis on inie
side, and the greatness of the power agiinst whom such
threats were directed. If any of the Members of tliat
Body were now conning over the speeches of Washing-
too for the purpose of applying them on a future octet, -
sion, he thought they would act mote wisely by saying
that they sh-ould have no occasion for thein. Such a
mode of proceeding was far preferable to aay exercise
of authority. He apprehended that their fire would go
out from want of fuel, and that when no army was sent
to-overawe them,they would calmly concur in the tegu-
lations recommended, and gradually adopt them. When
they saw on one side the example hell out by St. Do-
mingo, and on the other those of Trinidad and St.
Lucia prosperous and happy under the operation of
better regulations, they would then, lie had no doubt,
reconsider the subject. It was pniposed to extend the
Ecclesiastical arrangements to Jamaica as well as the
other Islands. Two Episcopal S;:es were to be erected;
the authority of one to extend over Jamaica, and the
other over the Leeward Hands. Thi; establishment

would not be accompanied with any demand on the
purses of the Vest India Body. From a calculation he
lied made, hezhought the expense might be defrayed
for the first two years cut of the interest of the money
voted for the election of Churches. It would be two
years bef,,re any part of it would he wanted for the par-
t;cular purpose to which. it was hereafter to be applied.
Even niter that period the expenditure would be Fla-
dual, and the diminution of course gradual, so that
part of the interest would continue avaiiable to the
same object for some future time. On the failure of
that resource, arrangements-were made to prevent the
necessity of
.any grant. There was 'a disposition on the..
part of the Crown to bind up its hands from granting
any more pensions on that branch of revenue known by
the name of tin: I%'ur in.*? Cent. Duties, until such tiros
as this establishment was fully settled. Bei.:g more de-
sirous to put the House in possession of the principles it
was proposed to act upori, than to excite angry fezlings,
he should abstain from any Observation that might be
calculated to excite them.. Ije . would only conjure
'Gentlemen on one side to consider that, by indulging
in that sort of language which the subject was calcu-
lated to excite, they would only • put in jeopardy the
fortunes and interests of large bodies. They who were
not on the spot—who did not know, from actual obser-
vation, the_ state of the West India Hands, could .not
be aware"of.thar incurable alienation which difference
of colour piciduced. He trusted Honottrable Gentle-
men would bear io mind that their debates might be
read where.that prejudice was irtfall operation. Every
man who entered the Hiuse was so interested in this

question,. on whatever side his feelings might be, that
upon no other were they ,so liable t%exaggeration.
Above all, they should recollect thAt those for the ab-
stract justice of granting liberty to those whom, they
might contend, were not in a condition to receive it ;

and that, however desirable it might be, the great work'
musLbe effected, net by sudden change, but by gradual
and slow amendment. The masters of the unhappy •
class whose condition it was sought to ameliorate, must
be the•instrurrients by whom to work, and by sowing
between diem and their slaves irremediable hatred, the
greatest mischief must be produced, both now and for
many years-to come. If any Honourable 'Gentleman
had a measure to suggest which he thought more con,.
ducive to the great end proposed, he,
should be ready
to pay every attention to his arguments. To immediate
freedom, however, he was hostile. Gradual improve-
ment was the only principle by which the Blacks them-
selves:could be benefited—the only proposition that
could insure the co-operation of the Whites. Upon
this part of the subject, it was- not necessary to trouble
the House longer; and as he promised, at the outset,
he would not diverge into any general observations..
Connected with that spirit by which we are now crenu-
ously endeavouring safely and tranquilly to rescue from
degradation so large a portion of our fellow-creatures,
was-the consideration of that inhuman trade by which
they were brought to that condition, and for the almost
total extirpation 9f which trade, as far as regards this
country, they .were :indebted to the exertions of his
Honeurable 'Friend opptite (Mr. Wilberforce). «Y say
the almost total extirpatio n of_ the Slave Trade (conti-
nued the Right Hon: Gentleritan) because after the most
anxious inquiries on the subject, I am perfectly confi-
dent that in the British West Indies the prohibition .has
been effectually observed-Hear,hear, hear). But true
it undoubtedly is, that the trade itself still prevails, and
to an enormous extent—(Hear). True it is, that all the
efforts of this country to procure the active co-operation
of many Powers against this evil have hitherto been
comparatively unsuccessful. Amongst the many mea-
sures often-advised, and often attempted, has been that •
of making the persons guilty of Slave Trading liable
to capture, not only by-vessels of their own coon-
try, but by vessels of other Powers—in other• words;
that Slave Trading should be constituted piratY.--•-:
Upon this-point, however, there has been a good deal of
misapprehension : it has been supposed, for instance,
that it was competent for the Congress at Verona, an
assembly of Sovereigns, to erect Slave Trading into a
piratical offence, and thereby to render the individual
pin-suing it amenable to the law of rations. 1 reed hardly
state, that this notion is founded in error : we are the
last country that ought to admit that any convention cf
Sovereigns, or union of Governments, can establish a
law universal in its operation, and involving nations in
no respect parties to' the convention—(Hear, hear, heat).
The only mode of attaining tl.e ci'oject we have in view
is this : that every nation shall for itself declare Slave
Trading piratical—to be liable to the same law, and
punished by the same sanction; in fact, what we in
England call statut rble piracy. This 4 what Coe rt.
Britain his, on more than one occasion, proposed ; brit
1 she has hitherto always proposed it in vain—(l-lap a.
We offered both to France and to the United States by
,treaty, to give a right of mutual visit and search in case'
of suspected 51.1% e Trading.. But Honourable Gentle-
men will not be surprised, recollecting the many sore
points of maritime law and maritime pride, *that we
have never, hitherto, been able to accbmolish our object
with either—( Hear.) am now, therefore, half T iii
-being able to inform the .1-louse, that not many days.
ago, a Treaty was received, signed by my Right ho-
nourable Relation, our Minister to the United States,
and by the American Minister, according this mutual.
right of visit—(Herr, ,car.) It has been granted,
of coutse, under certia regulations and restrictions, ap-
plying to both States:: -Mt, anise is
that in the Uniterigteite.4 4.4 has;lieoy passed, n- •
•flicting upon slave trading; the, same penalty as upon
probably aware:
'precisely piracy, antdhelsparmopeooste)itctostn,
aredtatorot-I.::irfurzAniia..xvie:spli4s:c•icit.h,
'll 'Led S-ates'
the nations of Great Britain and of .

•
I
.
,
,

.

4111:
