FRIDAY EVENING, MAY 28, 1830.

HENRY L. COOPER, grateful to his Friends and
the Public for the very distinguished patronage conferred
on his House in Iffishorpte-street for a period of nearly half a
century, feels himself called on by the increasing interests entrusted
to him in his Agency Department, to meet the views of his
Friends, by affording those facilities hitherto unattempted by any,
and embracing at once the whole of the Western as well as the
Eastern parts of the Metropolis, he has consequently established
an Agency Office at
No. 57, CONDUIT-STREET, REGENT-STREET,

In'ticoneetion with the original Cabinet and UpholateryManufactory
in BISHOPSG ATE-STREET,

presenting to the Fashionable and Commercial World the imposing
advantage of registering their Properties in Two situations, the most
eligible in their respective localities, and commanding the attention
of Capitalists.

Sales effected by Auction, Appraisementa, &c.

A STOCK of Splendid LOOKING-GLASSES, of superb
dimensions, and in frames of corresponding magnificence, are con-
tinually on sale at both the Establishments.
No. 57, Conduit-street, Regent-street, and
No. 93, Bishopegate-strpet Within.

AUGUSTUS TOMLINSON.

Such is the name of one of the interesting dramatis
persona of " Paul Clifford," the last production of Mr.
By LwEit, and of which we gave a short notice some
days ago. The following fragment is a mere episode in
the life of AVOUSTUS TOMLINSON, one of the mast
amusing and satirical sketches we have met with in the
whole series of contemporary novels.
" I went now to him with the penitential aspect of the prodigal
son, and, 'faith, he would not have made a bad representation of the

taut(' calf about to be killed on my return; so corpulent looked hi,
and so dejected ! 'Graceless reprobate !' be began; • your poor
father is dead !' I was exceedingly shocked ; but—never fear,

Paul, lam not about to be pathetic. My father had divided his
fortune among all his children ; my share was 5001. The possession
of this sum made my penitence seem much more siocere•in the eyes
of my good cousin ; and after a very pathetic scene, be took me
once more into favour. I now consulted with him as to the best
method of laying out my capital and recqvering my character. We
could not devise any scheme at the first conference ; but the second
time I saw him, my cousin said with a cheerful countenance,
Cheer up, Augustus, I have got thee a situation. Mr. Asgrave,
tic banker, will take thee as a clerk. He Is a most worthy
:use; and having a vast deal of learning, be will respect
thee for thy acquirements.' The same day I was introduced to Mr.
Asgrave, who was a little man, with a fine bald benevolent head;
and after a long conversation which he was pleased to hold with me,
became one of his quill.drivers. 1 don't know how it was, but
by little and little, I rose in my master's good graces : I propitiated
I fancy, by disposing of my 5001. according to his advice.—
lie laid it out for mc, on what he said was famous security, on a

landed estate. Mr. Aegrave was of social habits : he had a capital
house, and excellent wines. As he was not very particular in his
company, nor ambitions of visiting the great, he often suffered me
make one of his table, and was pleased to hold long arguments
me shoat the ancients. I soon found ant that my master trio
great moral philosopher; and being myself in weak health, sated
of the ordinary pursuits of the world, in which my experience
had forestalled my years, and naturally of a contemplative
temperament, I turned my attention to the moral studies which
so fascinated my employer. I read through nine shelves
full of metaphysicians, and knew exactly the points in
which those illustrious thinkers quarrelled with each other, to the
great advance of the science. My master and I wed to hold many
a long discussion about the nature of good and evil; and as by
help of his benevolent forehead and a clear dogged voice, he always
seemed to our audience to be the wiser and better man of the two,
lie was very well pleased with our disputes. This gentleman had
only daughter, an awful shrew, with a face like a hatchet ; but
philosophers overcome personal defects : and thinking only of the
coot' her wealth might enable me to do to my fellow.creatures, I
•.credy made love to her. You will say, that was playing my mss.
we hut a scurvy trick in return for his kindness—not at all, my
nia•ter himself had convinced me, that there was no such virtue as

4noitude. It was an error of vulgar moralists, I yielded to his
.a4uinents, and at length privately espoused his daughter. The
al!er this took place, he summoned me to his study. ' So, Au-
-4115.U5.. said he very mildly, ' you have married my daughter:
nay, never look confused; I saw a long time ago that you were re-
solved to do so, and I wu very glad of it.'
•• I attempted to falter out something like thanks. Never inter.
:apt me !' said he. I had two reasons for being glad t first, be.
my daughter was the plague of my life, and I wanted sonic
inc to take her off my hands ; secondly, because I required your
"stance on a particular point, and I could not venture to ask it
any one hut my son-in-law. In fine, I wish to take you into
partnership ! !
• Partnership !' cried I, falling on my knees. ' Noble—gene.
us man!'

- • :Any a bit ' continued my father.in.law. What funds do
au think requisite for the carrying on a hank ? You look puled
Nit a 511illing I You will put in just as much as I do. You will
:int in rather more ; fur you once put in five hundred pounds,
allich has been spent long ago. I don't put in a shilling of my own.
1 I'v.! on my clients, and I very willingly offer you half of them
• Imagine. dear Paul, my astonishment, my dismay ! I saw
•rs•elf married to a hideous shrew—son.in.low to a pennyless seoisn-
Atlll cheated out of my whole fortune
▪ As Mr. Asgrave was an indolent man, who passed his mornings
lrtulatinns on virtue, I was made the active partner. I spent
'1: day at the emoting-house ; end when I came home for react-
%n. Hy wife scratched my eyes out."
"Olt course I assumed, in all my changes, both Aliases and
:t,):lm•.
••. And, to fell you the truth, my marriage so altered me,
•-it %bat with a snuff-coloured coat, and a brown scratch wig, with
pel in my right ear, I looked the very picture of staid respects-
Niy face grew an inch longer every day.
.• 11°,11, we wen: on splendidly enough for about a sear. Moan-
'hilt' I was wonderfully improved in philosophy. At length, un-
for my fame (for I contemplated a magnificent moral his-
ot man, which had she lived a year longer, I should have corn.
11""(1-) my wife died in child-bed. My father-in-law and I were
Over the event when a bit of paper sealed awry, was given
','? partn, r. He looked over it—finished the discussion, and
fold ine our bank had stopped payment. • Now, Augustus.'
he. lighting his pipe with the bit of paper, you see the good
having nothing to lose !'
•• li r did not pay quite sixpence in the pound but my partner
"'whaled so u ttt itt tomtit that the British public raised a subsaip-
lut 11101, and he retired on an annuity, greatly respected, and
,ry flinch compassionated. As I had nut been so well known as a
' and had :tot the prepossessing advantage of a bald hoe-
..ilent head.. fluting was done for me, and I was turned come more
oa foe wide world. to moralise on the vicissitudes of fortune. Illy
e"n•ltt the bookseller was no more, and his son cut me. I took a
"net in Warwick.,:ourt, and with a few books, my only consols-
' 111 endeavoured to nerve my mind to the future. It vu at this
',111,e. Paul, that my studies really availed me. So soon as my mind
i'• made the grand iscovery which Mr. Asgrave had made behove
.ae, that one should lie according to a system—for if you td
wrong,
h then your system that errs, not you - I took the road, without
-;:y of those stings of comfeierice which had hiiherto annoyed tae in
ucit adventures. I formed one of a capital knot of Free Agents,'
'lit I sum rose to distinction among them. But about six weeks
nnt less than formerly preferring 'brways to highways I at.
t "Iced to pUblw,S myself of a carriage, and sell it at discount. I
%.4•llrquitted on the felony ; but sent hither by Justice Burnfial on
'r,..t•derntianotir. Thus far, my young friend, bath as yet Pm-
-1,1 the hie of at itgustus Tomlinson."

No. 13,486.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-Tii u RSDA Y.

The House did not open for the admission of strangers until half-
past five o'clock.
Sir A. GIANT and other Members from the Commons brought
up three private Bills.
Petitions were presented by—
•
Earl FITZWILLIAIII from s pariah in:Yorkshire, against Ne-
gro slavery.
The Marquis of BUTE front the mctufacturers and merchants of
Stroud, in tanucestershiv, against the East India monopoly.
Earl GREY presented a petition from the Protestant Dissenters
of Birmingham, against a clause in the Ditnougham Free Grammar
School Bill, which excludes all hut umbers of the Church of Eng-
land from becoming Directors of thattinrity. The petitioners pray-
ed to be heard by Counsel at :Ere Bar against the Bill.
After a few 4servadans from the Bishop of ,itchfield slid Coven-
try, Lied Eldon, the Lord Chaecallut, son Lord Holland, the peti-
don was laid on the table.

SIGN MANUAL BILL.
The LORD CHANCELLOR rose pursuant to notice, and
moved that certain orders of the house be suspended, for the purpose
of advancing the Bill to enable his Majesty to appoint certain per-
eons to affix his Royal Signature to public instruments.
The orders having been suspended,
The LORD CHANCELLOR proposed the second reading of
the Bill.
The Earl of WINCHILSRA said it was not his intention when
he entered the house, to address their lordships, but understand-
ing as he did, the importance of the bill before the house, and the
consequences resulting prospectively, he could not resist the de-
sire he had .to claim their attention for a few moment. Most
deeply did he participate in the painful feeling and anguish which
pervaded every breast in and out of that house, in consequence of the
indisposition of his Majesty, stated in the message which had led
to the measure before their lordship.. Most sincerely did he
hope, through the blessings of Divine Providence, that his Ma-
jesty might be restored to health, and be able to resume those func-
tions which they were about to delegate to other hands. He could
assure their lordships that no private feelings could have induced
him to trespass one moment on their lordships time. He felt the
importance of the subject most deeply. He looked upon the bill
in two points of view :--First, as giving relief to our afflicted So-
vereign.--and, secondly, as establishing a precedent in future cases
for the house to act on, in case it should ever be placed in the: pain-
ful situation in which it now stood. If he could look on this
bill in the first point of view only, he would not offer a single indivi-
dual objection to their lordships. There was not an individual
living more ready than himself to give relief to his Majesty's afflic-
tion, but he looked at this measure in two points of view. With
respect to the general enactments of the bill he had no decided ob-
jection ; but he did certainly regret that this bill was not accom-
panied by some evidence from the medical attendants of his Ma-
jesty stating the nature of the complaint under which his Majesty
suffered. He did not wish to bring the pain and sufferings of the
sovereign wantonly before the Parliament, but he did think some
evidence should have been laid on the table, signed by the medical
attendants, stating that his Majesty's painful sufferings were not of
that character which would impair the full power and vigour of the
royal mind.—(Hear.) The noble earl impressed upon their lord-
ships that a future application might be made of a very different
character, and he asked their lordships whether if in future this
power should be given to a minister who was inclined to use it in a
manner not only Injurious to the tights of the monarchy, but the
best interests of the country, Parliament might not be reproached
for having established a most dangerous precedent. He should say
they ought to look to it cautiously. Thai knits eat whether days
might not come when a minister armed with such a power might
not be inclined to trample on the rights and liberties of the country.
All he hoped was that the house would take care the bill should be
again brought under consideration during the present session of
Parliament. If the power was to be continued to the next session,
without the evidence to which he had alluded, Parliament would not
discharge its duty. He thought evidence of the nature he had re.
ferred to ought to be laid on their lordships' table before they pro.
ceeded further with the measure. In saying what he had, he begged
it to be distinctly understood that he had no private feeling or in.
terest in view. No man had a greater veneration for his sovereign
than he had, and he trusted that the time was not far distant when
the measure now proposed would be altogether useless.—(Hear.)
The Duke of 11'EL LINGTON.—My lords, I cannot suffer the
observations made by the noble earl who has just addressed your
lordships, to pass in silence, the more particularly after some of the I
ablest, the most experienced, and the most learned in the medical
profession, have stated to the public the nature of the complaint
with which his Majesty is affected, and in which statements there is
not the most distant hint of the additional misfortune to which the'
noble earl has thought proper to allude. Your lordships are aware
that his Majesty, under the royal sign manual, has desired your
lordships to take into your serious consideration the indisposition
under which his Majesty has laboured, and has also desired your
lordships to consider of the best means of giving him relief, so as
to enable him to carry on the public service whilst labouring under
an affliction which has not the most remote connection with what
the noble earl has thought fit to allude.—(Hear, hear.) Your
lordships also know that the minister who took his Majesty's
pleasure upon that occasion, and who submitted his Majesty's
signature (I leave it to the noble earl to say whether such is
not the case)—is responsible to your lordships that the applies-
lion the noble earl has referred to did not exist, either at the
moment that that signature was given, or his Majesty's commands I
were submitted to parliament—(llm, hear, hear.) Under these
circumstances, I certainly am astonished, my lords, that the
noble earl should have alluded to any such affliction, as that
too plainly insinuated in the observations of the noble Earl. His
Majesty has asked your lordships to enable him to carry on the
public business, and his Majesty's Government, in obedience to his
,Majesty's commands, have brought forward a measure, guarded in
such a way as to render abuse abnost impossible. Then the noble
Earl comes forward and says that it is possible the power may be
abused in another mode—that is, my lords, it may be abused by
his Majesty's ministers, and his Majesty's physicians be guilty of
the grossest dereliction of their duty—(Hear.)—Under these cir-
cumstances, I certainly feel, and I should not do my duty if I did
not express my feelings—(Cheers.)
The Earl of WINCH ILSEA said the noble Duke had com-
pletely misunderstood his observations, for, from what he had said,
no one could suppose that he ever for a moment entertained the opi-
nion attributed to him by the noble Duke. All he meant to state
simply was this, that his Majesty's medical attendants had not put
the house and the public in possession of the nature of his Majesty's
disorder, and that it was positively establishing a dangerous prece-
dolt to put so great a power into the hands of ministers without the
evidence of physicians to warrant it.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, after having listened with
great attention to the observations of the noble earl, said, that he
did not understand the noble earl to make that allusion attributed
to him by the noble duke. What he understood the noble earl to
state was, that it would be desirable that the house should take
means of informing itself as to the facts upon which they were now
called upon to grant this power • and he (the noble marquis)
confessed that if he thought that if the vote were to continue In
the hope In which it now was, and remain in force until after the
commencement of next session, he would agree with the noble earl
that it would be indispcnsablenot to proceed upon the responsibility
of Ministers, without taking the best evidence of the necessity of
such a measure; but as he understood it was the intention of the
noble lord on the Woolsack to propose to the committee upon this
bill a clause to enable that house to re-consider the measure at tome
period before the termination of the present Session of Parliament,
he was prepared to agree to the measure, to that limited extent upon
the responsibility of the King's ministers. He was also ready to
add, that he NAM no ground for imputing to his Majesty's ministers
the having done more thin the necessity of the case required.
The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted.

The House accordingly went into Committee on the Bill.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, on reading the firm dense. said
it would be sufficient security to provide that persons preseist at the
affixing of the %tan:p should be members of the Privy ta.'• The
noble and learned lord moved an amendment, that Use persons pre-
sent at the signing should be members of the Privy Council, and that
one should attest the signing.—The amendment was agreed to.
The noble and learned lord also moved that the stamp should be
affixed by his Majesty's command, given by word of mouth.—This
also was agreed to.

PRICE 7n.

Earl GREY proposed that the second clause should be amended
by the introduction of words enacting that his Majesty should know,
the nature and meaning of the instrument before the stamp is
affixed. His object was to prevent the sign manual being affixed
to any thing his Majesty did not understand. The beat way would
be to have a memorandum indorsed upon the instrument, with the
necessary explanation.
Lord MALMESBORY thought, as the bill was to be of short
duration, as much relief should be given to his Majesty as possible.
The LORD CHANCELLOR did not °plume the preposition,
and introduced an amendment having the effect desired by the rioble,
earl.

The LORD CHANCELLOR also proposed. that in the case et
military commissions, the commander-in-chief for the time be em.
paltered to endorse the instrument, instead of the ministers of slats
requited by the bill In other cases. Motion agreed to.—The noble
and learned lord on the woolsack then proposed, that the bill con.
tinue In force till the end of the present session, subject to revision
and re.enactment.—Agreed to.
'I he remaining clauses were severally agreed to without remark.
',The house then adjourned during pleasure.
In the course of the evening, Lard MELVILLE moved the
third reading of the Sign Manual Rill, which was read a third time
ancordingly.
The evidence on the East Retford Disfranchisement Bill was
spin resumed, and continued till the usual hour of adjournment.
