MAJOR CARMRIGHT.

The following is a curious extract from the will of
this eccentric Gentleman The will of the venerable
Major Cartwright passed under the seal of the Prero-
gative Court of Canterbury, the personal effects sworn
to be under 8001. The following remarkable clause op-
pears therein To my country, anxiously desiring
her welfare, I leave a fervent wish for such neces-
sary, deep, and salutary reforms in her Institutions,
as would not only restore her lost freedom, but purify
from the odiousness and debasement of unfaithfulness
and corruption, all her public departments. By a
complete restoration of her genuine polity (which I
have endeavoured to place before her eyes), she might,
in my humble judgment, so correct the morals and the
habits of her people, as to establish on a solid and en-
during basis, her future liberty, prosperity, and renown.
—.To this end she must cease to follow the example of
compering States, which, from small• beginnings, be-
come what may be considered as vast pyramids ab-
surdly resting on their points, with their broad founda•
lions in the air; from the unnaturalness of which posi-
tion they necessarily till in ruins, misery, and contempt.
When England shall restore the simplaity of her origi-
nal polity, she will have a basis sufficient for stability,
felicity, and glory; and then, instead•of insanely making
her state to resemble an inverted pyramid, she, by merely
colonising on her own natural, sound, constitutional
principles, may spread to a wide extent confederate na-
tions, sincere friends to her welfare,, firm supports of
her greatness ; and, in place of jeal ops rivals or secret and
insidious enemies of her repose, She would raise up
around her willing ministers of her aggrandisement.'"

A source of danger from the use of culinary vessels
,of copper has recently been discovered by Sir H. DAVY,
ivit. that weak solutions of common salt, such as are
daily made by adding a little salt to boiling vegetables
and other eatables in our kitchens, act strongly upon
copper, although strong ones do not affect it.
Tuesday evening, three trunks were stolen from Haw.
kin4Bristol coach ; and, on the following day, two of
them were found under a hay-rick, at Brislington. One
had been cut open, and cash, notes; and wearing-apparel,
value upwards of 1001. taken out.

In the reign of Queen- Elizabeth, at the Assize of
Oxford, July 1.577, one Rowland Jenks, a popish book-
seller, for dispersing scandalous pamphlets, defamatory
to the Queen and State, was arraigned and condemned,
but on the sudden there arose such a damp that almost
all present were in danger of being smothered. The
Jurors died that instant; soon after died Sir Robert
Bell, Lord Chief Baron; Sir Robert de Oly, Sir Wm.
Babington ; Mr. de Oly, High Sheriff; Mr. Wearman,
Mr. Danvers, Mr. Fettiplace, Mr. Harcourt, Justices;
Mr. Kerle, Mr. Nash, Mr. Greenwood, Mr. Fester, Gen-
tlemen of good account ; Serjeant Barham, an excellent
pleader ; three hundred presently sickened and died
within the town ; and two hundred more sickening,
died in other places; amongst all of whom there was
neither woman nor child.

SUISTT lodged at the Black Jack, in Clare Markets for
many years, where he nightly entertained a set of re,
spectable tradesmen, who 4, spent their evenings" there.
Mr. J. BANNISTER in vain endeavoured to reclaim him
and.wbenever he was too late for rehearsal, JOHN left the
theatre in search of him. One morning, SUITT not being
in time, BANNISTSR went out with a determination to jco
to his quartets, but accidentally looking up a court so
Drurplane, be saw SUITT with three Women tithe town
about drinking gin, which he was distributing.
liturnsTan went up to him, and drawing him aside,
said, 40 SUITT, are you not ashamed of yourself; did not
you 'promise me you would reforms r Why, so ,l
have," said he, holding up the pewter quattern, "in a
small mkTailtre IT Being onßevening at his usual quarters,
a very conceited young man volunteered a song, which
he suns _very ill. Upon his asking Sum how he liked
it ? " Why, Sir," said SUITT " your song is like the
small-poz." M Hn* is that?" " A d—tioi good thirst
*heft its over." The person-imipediately got up in a
rage and made an appeal to the company, but an ap-
pear against such an antagonist was a dangerous pro-
ceeding; every part of his remonstrance was turned into
ridicule by. the eccentric manner of SoETT, who con-
cluded a triumphant reply amidst roars of laughter,
with these words :

• Swans sing before they die; %were no bad thing
ts &told certain persons die Was thss sing.
A Gentleman having said in Soares presence that be
had, in his garden, some peas that had come up in an
unusually quick time, Ohl Sir, that's nothing—why a
friend of mine sowed some, and they were all up the next
morning." " Excuse me, Sir," replied the Gentlemin,
" the thing'i impossible." " Whys Sir," said Suarr,
" I saw them set in the evening, and when I walked out in
the morning, I found that the d—lith. tom cats had
lawed them an up."—Mitror.

• -z.- - c • -,---11)7177P1C 1NT155.1.4.--. .
tiertilo-ROOM. 'rATTRRSA LIM
Vert, few tat' the Rosins today, eenseqlsot ' t •
Ores Om A new bonolebrought up fee the DerhYd i
by Waterloo, ands well spoken of. Lord Exeter'
won the two year AeStslies at Newmarket lesteniet, is ted
to be first favourite foe the Oaks for which she Is Watered. The
sloit
'following is tht present state of ;dal:
alum, 1825.
10 to Tarot Rufus 20 to 1 apt Ur. Clierd's Vfa-
-11 to I apt Advahee • . take Mt 4 • . .
14 to 1 apt Bolero high odds sop* other
Oone—tl to I en the field.
Doveawrze *.e. !leper—Nothing dote.
NEWMARKET FIRST, QCTOBLIti MEETING, 1824.
runebbir, Gerona& 7.
The Tows Plate of 1104. for three-yr-old colts, tot. 71b. and fillies,
sac. sib. D. I, .
. _

's

.

Duke of Grafton's ch. 2.Tiare
Lord Exeter's b. c. Ghost -
Lord Verulam's ch. f. Verbini
5 to st en Tiaras
The King's Plate of 100 gs. for four.yr-olds carrying 10st. 71b. fire,
11st. Ilb. sit, 11st. 121 b. and sgetk 12st. It. C.
Mr. Greeille's ch. c. Premium, 4 yrs old -
Lord Exeter's b. b. Sultan, aged • 2
Lord G. H. Citeendia's br.e. Mina, 4 yrs old •
Four started, the Judge placed but ewo.-11 to 1 agst Premium.
—6 to 5 apt Sultan.-5 to 2 apt Mina.
Mr. Greeilk's Orlon rev. ft. from Lord Orford's Andy, OIL each,
T. Y. C. 150, h. ft. -
WR.F.X M R A CES--Ttresoar Oce. S.
A Sweepstakes of 50gt. each,h. ft.—(ante round and a distance.
Sir W. Wynne's ch.f. by Blarklock, walked over. -
The Gentlemen's Subscription Purse, value :01.—One Mile heats.
Mr. Mytton's b. c. - 1 2 1
Mr. White'46. f. Kite - • 2 1 2
Mr. Thompson's b. f. Ostrich ... 3dr
The Twenty-se and Pitteen Guinea Stakes were not Stied.

WINKLEY COMMON RACES, GLAMORGAN.
146wbAr, ocT. 4.
A Subscription Purse of 30gs.—licats twice round-the Course.
Mr. Knowles's ch. 1. Fanny - 3 1 1
Mr. Jefferson's ch. h. Cyrus . - 1 2Si
hir. Owen's be. m. - . . 2 i 3
A Match fur.3o sous. which excited great 'interest.
Mr. Webb's br. h. Whittington • . -ft 1 1
Mr. Ward's g. m. Sophia . I 4 2
The Pony Race for 5 g'. between Mr. Johnson's Comm and Mr.
Davis's Diana, was won easily by tie former.
DORCHESTER RACE'S.
Dorchester Races, after a lapse of thirty-seven years, have hies
renewed. Monday last presented one of the most aninsatilsg
ever witnessed. The different roads leading to the Cellist wits Mt
an early hour thronged with spectators: The Rates
gres of sport unprecedented in the Western Counties. The 't
men's Plate of 75 son. with a substription of 10 strel. added, Isla
wet at two heats by Mr. Cockburn's Agnes, beating Mr. %relit
harson's Black end AU Black, and Lard peleueranto's Illowdesto g
this ram was well contested. The Lanes' Plati *of £5O was Woe
Ist three heats by Capt. Outspbers Wantonly. beating Mr. Red-
lelyffes Masquerader, Mr. Worth's Prosody, and Mr.
son sf. by Waterloos the running for this Plate was media& A
marsh for 100 sots. betweift Mr. Spooner's Claret, and Ms. Pon-
sonbfs Hero, was won easily by the latter.
HUNTING:
Sr B. Graham's Hounds meet oa Tuesday, at Sheriff Hales ;
Wednesday, at Chlllingtons; Friday, at Badger; Saturday, Oct. 16,
at Highgate Cabmen.

•
TROTTING MATCH.
The match for Rebecca to trot three miles in ohm 1111peos and
a half, yesterday morning, for two hundred soterelps, wo.
cleverly as follows:
stba lmes. •
S
3 15 • *,
. • •

First tette; with tow break .
Second ditto
Third ditto -. .

a S : .
9
The snare Is six years aid, and stun by eight attends. witbont
stac► pashint.

.

Two more convictions for hull-baiting have recently
taken place hear Wolverhampton, under the Act to
prevent cruel dnd improper treatment of cattle :" the
first'was in the case of W. Walker, pf Wed nesbu ry, ear-
ter, who was ccnvicted in the full penalty of five pounds,
for the baiting a bull at Wednesbury wake, and in de-
' fault of payment he was committed to our county jail_
for one month t the other was in the case oil'. Turner,
of the same place, labourer who was convicted in
the mitigated penalty of ten shillings and costs for being
coneeroed in the same offence.

, The 17th ult. a winged insect, about the length and.
thickness of a man's finger, and agreeing with the de-
scription given of the locust, was caught alive in a field
of wheat at Low Waskerly, near Shotley Bridge, and is
sow in the possession of Messrs. Forster there.
Saturday, the first stone of a handsome new •bridge
over the river Owveg, on the sew line of road between'
Castle Island and Abbeyfeale, was laid by Lord Hgatp.
LIT, assisted by Mr. GRIVPITH, the Government Ea,
ginger. The bridge is to be called Headley Bridge, the.
large one. over the river Feale having been named Wel-
lesley Bridge, in honour of- the patriotic and highly
respectable Luau LIBUTIDIA NT. •
One of the greattst improvements in the vicinity of
the Strand would be the forining of Wych and Holy.
well streets into one, by the removal of the centre divi-•
sion line of houses: from they e being only room in each
for a carriage to pass, there are, during the day, per-
petual stoppages. Wych-street, in the exening, is fre-:
trendy impassable from the east end, by ranges-of,
brewers' drays, or coal waggons on their return, whichr •
belonging to the same owner, or the same. wharf, meet
at an appointed place, and return in procession ; to dis-
pate the pass with which, or for foot-passengers to cross,
is a useless and a •dangerous experiment, especially at
the Angel Inn gateway, where coaches entering and .
leaving are very frequently delayed by this interruption.
Sir Esraaano Houa, in a paper recently read before .
the Royal Society on the anatomy and habits of the seal
and walrus, remarks the extraordinary coincidence be-
tween 'the foot of the latter "wieldy animal and that
of the insect class of creation. by-which they are enabled •
to adhere to a wall or a ceiling. Sir E. Howe, on era- .
mining the.hiud feet of a large walrus, brought house •
by Captain Sawn; from the Arctic regions, found it
provided with• a. hollow space beneath* by which the
animal is enabled at pleasure to produce a vacuum with
the muscular action of the toes, so as to adhere with
consoerable power le a rock or other declivity. . .
' The following teat is Deuteronomy, has keen quoted .
retommendattat of parapets to houses:—!` When thou bulkiest a
new *one, then shalt thou make &battlement fur itry.soof, that thou
bring not blind open Oski %wise, if any man fall Rom thence!"
- CORM ExcnA.NoK, 11A11.1C-LANS, OCT. &
nese are wily lootliltito eitivels et Orals this week, and bet a
Ain 14WItiollet it Wpm Malarkey taday.: Moro money is naked
bar Wheat, but oat obtained. Barley and Malt are both dewy.
Dams and Visas nimed• estalseted from Monday. There is not
Mti=olLlMlNgAsitoa!s tegarsilnze,ba: Meed'
,800 intrabrices, are
750
try• Oats tie** Foreign One, 1,400 qrs. Pluto, 4,300 sacks.
• Loudon Amines for the week ended Om. 14—Wheat, SAM •
ips. at Ws. 10d, Barley, 318 gra. at 3... sd. Oats, 4,374 qrs. at
Sta. Id. Itye. qrs. at —a. --d. Beans, $54 qrs. as 321. 54.--- a
Peas, 1,532 gn. at 411.74.
SMITHFIELD' MARKET, 'oar. a. -
The supply war as usual on Friday's 'Market, but Wing to the
trade being leavy, with the waterloo of the weather, di. pins et
all description of Cattle are soMewhat haafte Allmon hot mann
da particularly Poet. . •
• • ra44ooe'of fibs. Is. IW. to Se. 10d. ifiettonla.. aa '
no '4 to Os. K :Teal 45.4‘. Mof
s e Ss. al. •
• • • •. ;ILas.i
•

WAR SONG.

"bit'•4l4".•"''' " Hail the'brseei and bail the fatal!
Where the Sons of Freedom stand,
--Mini of bears, a glorious band,'
Prompt to strike, prepared to die,
Nerved for death or *beret!

. •••• • •

liallirried be the Patriot's pave,
Who Freedom's banners dared to wa,re,
With ready hind and bosom brave--
Who met alike with dauntless eye
The frowns of death or tyranny !
His the spirit•ithving "mune,
Dear to Freedom—dear to Fame,
That shall rouse the soul of Anne,
• The high emprise.a-the thrilling cry,
That leads the brave to victory!
Get 1 who that patriot honour warms, •
When sound the trumpet's wild dacha,
That does not bum for deeds of
To bid his country's foemeo Ay,
And burst the bonds of slavery?

The Victor's brow may murk shine
While Beauty's bands the wreath entwine,
ant every Briton's heart". the shrine
Of pink who greatly dares to die
For Honour, Home, and Liberty !
(Ories*

ROYAL FAMILIES OF FRANCE.

.

As at the present moment whatever relates to the.
French Monarchy possesses peculiar interest, it may not
be unpleasing to our Readers to he informed, that in a:
little work, entitled Moores History of France. arel'
tables of the families of the various dynasties. Inde-
pendently
.too of this feature, which confers on it
value not always possessed by larger publications, hull
vOlume may he recommended, as affording a good
precis of Trench history, especially as an elementary
%rift for young persons, for whom it is more imam-
iately designed.
• British Gaikrits of Art. 12mo.
This work deserves the attention of all who love the
Fine Arts. As a skecimen, we shall subjoin an estract
from the account st gives of one of the most vat`
collections in the kingdom, we mean

THE EARL OF EOREIIONT'S GALLERY AT PETWORTH.
61The interior of Petworth is on a scale of grandeur
and magnificence commensurate with its external cha-
racter; being scarcely. inferior in extent and splendour
to many Royal Palaces. Indeed, the grand hill and
staircm a good deal resemble those of Hampton Court;
the walls,„cqing, &c. being ornamented in a similar
manner, with allegorical paintings on an immense scale
by Sir 'limes Thornhill. These we shall pass by at
once, as not coming among the objects of our search,
and proceed to name a few of the principal works of
the old painters; premising, however, that the chief
riches of this c‘.llection consists in portraits, and those
chiefly by Vandyck.
46 The room you first enter at the right-hand corner
sof the half, called the Square Dining-room, is among
the richest and most interesting. Here is what may
undoubtedly be considered •as one among Vandyck's
choicest masterpieces in the way of portraiture—the
Earl of S.rafford. There is a sober solemnity in the
Colouring of this admirable work, which lie did not al-.
ways duly attend to' where it was needed; • in the air
and attitude there is a mixture of conventional nobility
End of conscious nattiittl power, which is finely charao
teristic ; and the head ii inimitably forcible and consis-
tent with the rest of the figure. This is truly an historical
picture, and may be perused and 'studied with as much,
reliance on its authenticity as any written portrait.thati
we possess in history. Vandyck's and Titian's portraits
of known historical characters are in this respect not
less interesting and less worthy of study than those of
Tacitus or Lord Clarendon—if, indeed, they are not
more so, inproportion as men can hide and disguise
their characters more easily in their words and actions
than they can in their looks. A fool never looked like
a wise man yet—though many a score have passed for
sa :h ; and &knave can no more put on the personal ap-
pearance of an honest man, than he can he one.
• si The portrait of Henry Earl of Northumberland,
when confined in the Tower, by the same 'artist; is
scarcely inferior to the foregoing in character and im-
portance ; and there is also' a nobly rich, yet sombre
tone of colour spread over it, which gives it a most im-
pressive effect. There are several other portraits in this
room, by Vandyck also, worthy of thehighest admira-*1
tion and the most careful perubill and study, but which
cannot be described in detail with any good effect. -I
gill mention in particular an exquisite one of Lady
Rich, another of the Earl of Newport, and one contain-
ing three persons, one of whom is another Earl of Nor,
tlinmberland. • '

a The other works in this room that call for particu-1
lar mention are, a curious portrait of Oliver Cromwell,'
in which the bent brow and compressed lips finely be-
speak the charaCter of the close and determined usurper;
two vet), pretty rural Hobbimat ; and an execrable pic-
ture of Macbeth in the Witches Cave, by Sir Joshua Rey-
nolds—which seems to me to evince a total want of sen-
timent, imagination, taste, and even execution. It Sir
Joshua had discoursed no better about historical paint-
ing than he practised it, his lectures would have en-
joyed a somewhat less degree of reputation than they
do; and perhaps they enjdy too much as it is. In fact,
a permanent and adequate treatise on this art is still a
desideratum in our literature; and- it is but too likely ,
to remain so : for where shall we look for a union of I
that knowledge, practical skill, and ability to develupe
these, which such a tas tequires? There is but one
person among us is soy degree qualified for the office;
and he has neither the industry nor the will to
undertake it. •
'""'ln aqpiher,dining-roons, which I think adjoins the
alinvettamed, Will be fogad * mosx estrious and elaborate
work, apparently-by Breughel, of a Turkish Battle ; and
also one or twq eicellent sea pieces by Vandervelde.
But We,mnst pHs on from these, through a room con-
taining some of Chirles's Beiuties —all alike —by
Kneller and Lely ; and kx our emotion to incompar-
ably the richest.apd most charming room in the pl-
lery. It contains five more of the bean* of ,Charles's
Couit, painted by Vituryck which, fM a eertain
courtly and enclusive air, 040 tn a perfect
naturalness, and truth of =Milks* sul'PaP
of the kind I have ever seen. The ioloqins, too; s

`''

delicacy itself—. ni4a4l with st dearness and richnen,
the effect of whiai is Partectly magical. Nothing ;an
be more striking than the aliikannee between these pic,
res, and those prdeising to represent the same. . :
of persons by Lely and Kneller, in' the pmeedin S g . :,
"It'd indeed wherever else they are to be founLl
latter painters bad but little, if any, perception of the
peculiar characteristics which the habiqr of a court life:
east .over the external appearance of those who con-
stantly partake in them—or rather, which they did cost
_tu
over it in those days; and.Vandyck had a more perfect
and intense perception of this than he had of anything
else in nature or art. And. - accordingly, the one, re-
presents his persons as they never were seen but in is
Court, and the others as they never were or could be
seen in any Court in existence. The one knew that ,a
Court beauty, while she remains innocent, is likely to
be, and in fact is, one of the purest and most innocent
of human beings; and he has represented them as such
accordingly: witness the divine portrait of the Countess
of Devonshire, in this room. The others knew of no
difference between a Court beauty and a courtexan, and
represented them accordingly ;—witness almost every
picture they ever painted. Pass backwards and for:
wards from one of these rooms (which are adjoining),
to the other, and you will at every glance perceive,
that, though each set of portraits professes to represent
precisely the same class of persons, there is as much
difference between them, generally, as well as in every
particular, as these is between Polly Avalon and Suky
Tovilry, in the Beggar's Upera.
• is The Ladies whose presence (for it is like their ac-
' teal presence) beautifies this room, must allow their
Ames to grace my page also, in order that the exist-
ence they owe to Vandyck..-or rather, which be repaid
.them in return for the immortality which Mey bestowed
on kier,may not be entirely confined to the fi ames
which contain theirs pictures. Incomparably the love-
hest of them—for a certain natural innocence, sweet-
ness, end purity, added to an inimitable Count air and
grace—is the one which I ha.e named above---the
Countess of Devonshire. The others are the Countesses
of Bedford, Leicester, Sunderland, and Carlisle.
" There is another picture in this room, which, rot-
withstanding the total dissimilarity of its subject, will
bear to be characterised by exactly the same phrases as
I have applied to the above lovely portrait. It is a
landscape by Cuyp. I have said that I was disappointed
in this gallery. 1 was so—but nit diSsatisfied. I should
have been content to have gone all the way from Lon-
don to see it; if it had consisted of this picture alone
4 M From the delightful room containing the above
pictures, we pass into the Library, which offers nothing
of sufficient importance to be particularly described ;
Though it is perhaps the most merely entertaining por-
tion of the collection, from the number of small cabinet
gems it includes. Among these there is a sweet Mag-
dalen, by Carlo Dolce, an interesting portrait of Anna
Boleyn, and several very pleasing pieces of the Dutch
school..—ln an ante-room adjoining to this, we meet
with two very interesting portraits: one of Sir Isaac
Newton, by Kneller, and another of Edward VI. by
Holbein : and in the large state dining-room which fol-
lows this, we have a most capital one of Harry VIII. by
the same extraordinary artist, who could produce—and
in tact has produced in the instance beicre us—the most
admirable force and spiritedness of general effect, not
only in spite of, but by means of, an infinite minuteness
of particular detail.- The bluff, boldfaced, impudent,
and swaggering tyrant, was never represented in a more
characteristic manner than in this picture of him."

TRE.TOMBS OF VIEBFS.
The ancient Egyptians, from the Monarch to the gib.
ject, believed that their souls, after many thousand yeses
would come to reinhahit their bodies, is case these lat-
,ter were preserved entire. 'Hence arose the embalming
nd the situation of the sepulchres, in place; not subject
'to the inundation of the river. These tombs at Thebes,
,consist of sepulchral grottces, made in the side of a
bill, from its base to within three-quarters of its sum.
*fink. The lowest are the best executed, and the most
Opacio,u. The plan of all is nearly the same. A door
Fto the east leads to a gallery, supported by CO-
gatos or pilasters. At the end of the gallery is a well.
which leads to the catacombs, where the atumtnies
were deposited. These walls, from forty to sixty fag'
deep, abut upon long subterranean alleys, terminating
in a square room, supported by pillars, in which roomkJ
are still remains of mummies. In the upper gallery
are bas-reliefs, or paintings on subjects relating to thel
funeral ceremonies ; and every grotto had a ceiling
painted in a fanciful manner, much resembling out
paper for rooms.—The tombs of the Kings ate parti-,
titlark noticeable. The ancient road to them has nut
been found. Every grotto communicated with the
valley by a large door. This leads into a succession of
galleries, with chambers on both sides. Oue of tbete
contains the actual sarcophagus, in which was placed
the =plumy of a King. It retains its cover, upon
!which is the Rqyal effigy. They exhibit all the arts of
loisilization which were obtained in Egypt, such as re-
I bite to the manufacture and agriculture, saddlery, car-
riages, pottery, counters for trade, rural employment,
htratiog, fishiog, marches of troops, punishments in use,
musical instrument!, habits, and furniture. But there
also prevails a great bizarrery of subjects. from which
the Romans borrowed the grotesque, so commonly
_
in the pictures of Het culaneum.

Saturday evening, the celebrated Miss MACAULAY
gave her second grand dramatic display of the Passions, to an assem-
blage drank and fashion at Sackeu's Marine Library, Ramsgate.
Cape of Good Hope papers state that an-epidemic
fever had made its appearance in Zeuatland, known to
the inhabitants of the Colony by the name of Pot Koorta,
and had already proved laud in some families.
At Croydon Fair, on Saturday, Southdown sheep
fnd lambs produced the following prices :—Lambs
rom 17‘ to 255.; leg, or shearling wethers; froM 245.
to s2s. ; and four-teethed wethers, It om S2s. to 40s. The
primest lean beasts, of Which there were but few, pro-
duced full Ss. per stone, calculating at their weight
when fat. At Lewes Fait on the same day, Southdown
sheep and lambs averaged full 4s. per head. beyond the
above prices; but there was no visible difference as to
the price of beasts in the tuo fairs, neither of which was
largely stocked.
THE BRIGHTON ROAD is 1750.—" If," says Horace
Walpole, in one of his •letters, " you `love good roads,
conveniences, good inns, plenty of postilions and horses,
be so kind as never to go into Sussex. We thought our-
selves in the northest part of England ; the whore coun-
try has a Saxon air, and the inhabitants are savage, as if
King George the Second was the first monarch of the
East Angles. Coaches grow there no more than balm
and spices ; we were forced to drop our post-chaise,
; that resembled nothing so much as harlequin's calash,
llf hic:ll' was, occasionally a chaise or a bakers cart. Sus-
; =is a great damper of coriosity.".

~-- -r--

PDX,ICE INTSBLIGENCEI

7sx:-Tr,t.

NSIONsHOUBS-
-o:allousasus *pry was charged with having aassidred a Mr.
o. The t, it appeared. was in the habit of visiting
st bolero is the and Ida apps ranoe there having become un-
plemant totheconipsay, some of them on Monday evening stuck
elikrthe toiler of his coat, some detonating balls, the sudden gl-
obules made hinasensar rather ridiculous, and also burnt his cast.
hisagined that Mr. Barry was the person who bad committed,
the mintige, and demanded a public
.apology. Several witnesses
none Illicivard, and said that Mr. Auto laboured under i mistike,
aM itintlit was another person who assaulted him. Mr.. party was
teforf disch3-rled- .
BOW-STREET.
Si. OLISSIM DANES ►Mom ILISSONT Or TUX ROLLS....-TeSSIT..
day, a deputation from the two above parishes appeared before Sir
k. Bt tea, to request his assistance * a design they had focused,
' and wkicb is certainly of a very laudable 'satire. In Shire-lane
and the whole surrounding neighbourhood, the peaceable Whelk !
teors are perpetually disturbed by the inmates of houses of a certain
description, Elder-wine houses, and public houses. These are kept
open at all hours of the night, and dismierly persons from all parts
of London, knowing they can obtain liquor and accommodation
there, lock to them as a common centre, where, if any com-
panions in impropriety and drunkenness are to be found, that is the
sponin which they are to he soujght. Under these circumstances,
they hoped the Magistrates would feel themselves authorised
in interfering.
Sir liscua no observed, as to the first species of houses, he should
advise the respective parghes to indict them • as to the second de-
scription, elder-wine houses not being licemedvktuaUers, no efforts
could be made by him to check them; but as to the public-houses,
he undoubtedly would put a stop to their being kept open at
irregular hours, when applications were made for a renewal of
their license's.
New WAT TO PAT OLD Dears.--Mr. George Price, a Men*, of
the Lcgal Profession. residing in Fountain-court,' Tempi% was
dial with an outrageous assault upon W. Bird.. .. •

arged _ __
The complainant stated, that he is a milkman, living in tittle
Essex-itreet, Strand; and some time ago the defendant placed his
horse. in complainant's stable, the latter finding him in corn and hay.
The charge had amounted to £5 when Mr. Prim gave notice, that
be should take the benefit of the Insolvent Act. Shortly before his
examination, he cent for complainant, and said to him," Bird, I owe
you ES ; but as you are a poor man, if you do not oppose me,, I will
pay you when I get clear.' Complainant did not object, and Mr.
Price was discharged four months ago ; and in that time coMplainant
had applied over and over again for his money, but in train. On
Wednesday he met Mr. Price, near his chambers, in the Temple,
and civilly asked him when it would be convenient to fettle with'
him ? whereupon Mr. Price flew into a passion, and after bestowing
upon hint a variety of -scurrilous names, he fetched a horsewhip
.from his chambers, and laid it about complainant's sbouldekt without
mercy; after which, he gave bins a blow ovtr the eye, which
brought him tv) the ground.
Mr. I'rice, in defence, said, that he had certainly assaulted the
complainant; but he sickly deserved it, as he accented bins in a,
manner that it was impossible fur any Gentleman to bear with.
The Magistrate—Well, Sir, yott have admitted the charge, and I
must order you to find bail. Mr. Price—Oh ! yes, Sir, of course.1
I have one housekeeper here; I presume that, with my own recog-
nisance, will be suatclent ?

:, Vo a 0•...... ___
The Magistrate—No, Sir; I must have two housekeepers. I
should require the same from a man in humble life, and.cando no
less in your case. Mr. 'Price—Well, you can take my friend who is
Isere, while I go and procure another.
The Magistrate—You can send for another. Sir. Mr. Price--
Dear me, this is very odd. Will you let an Officer go with me?
The Magistrate—No, Sir; you must remain here.—Mr. P. was
then detained untiku messenger was sent fur another surety, and he
was then admitted td bail.
' CV EEN SQUA RR.
OUTRAGE AT St. JAMES'S Pat..sce.—Captain Cadwallader Vrafetn,
of the 50th Regiment of Foot, who, it will be recollected, some
time ago was charged with annoying the Duke of York, and who
also created a disturbance during the Queen's Trial, was yesterday
brought before Enwaao MaegLaNn, Esq. charged with molt 'vio-
lent conduct on Wednesday, at St. J.MICS's Palace. .
The prisoner, who has been a fine looking man, was attired in
the moat wretched and filthy habiliments, and there was a peculiar
wildness in the expression of his eye, that strongly denoted he was
the victim of revere mental disease.
Mr. MARELAND said, that he regretted to see an individual of
his rank In that unfortunate plight, as he disgraced the mofession"
to which he belonged:
Captain Ike/fern—lf the Duke of York would give me em-
ployment, whir! I am hi aspect:thin of, my appearance would be
were dil&rent.
Mr. Martet.Ano—You have lost the.reprd of his Royal High.
ness, by your improper conduct on a former occasiou.
Setjeant Whittaker, of the Second 13aitallou of the Grenadier
Guards, stated that he was on duty at St. James's Palace, on Wed-
nesday afternoon, about three o'clock, and saw the prisoner walk-
ing in an agitated manner about the Court-yard, inveighing against
some persons who bad injured him, and swearing that be would be
revenged ; afrer•some time he took up stones and missiles, and
threw them against the windows of the Board of Greets Cloth, and
broke them; WitUTS4 went to the Marshal of the Palace, and in-
formed him of the circumstance, and the Marshal returned with
him and took him into custody.
Mr. Jolly, Deputy Marshal of St. James's Palace, corroborated
the Serjeaet's statement, and said that he never witnessed suet'
conduct as that displayed by the prisoner, and be had him secured
in the Palace prison. .
Mr. Aboutaasto said that it was a pity the prisoner was not placid
in an asylum suitable for a person in his unfortunate state of sated,
and told the prisoner he understood he had been lodged in a place
of security, through the interference of the Duke of Yurk.
Prisoner—Yes, I was confined a year and a half at Chatham.
Mr. Na KEI.Axn—I consider you too dangerous a person to be I
entrusted with your liberty, and unless you find bail I must !end
you to prison. You must site some security for your good beha-
viour in future.
Prisoner—l can send to my Agents, Cox and Greenwood, or to
the publican where leave been lodging.• .
Mr. ltlaaxcanu—You may send for whom you like; you stand
committed, and if bail is offered, 1 shalt accept it, if I deem it to
be sufficient. The prisoner was then takr.n to TothiU4eids.
Two coachmen, named Hugh Senak' and Jabs &wage, were
charged with having assaulted Mr. hl are, a performer of Covent
be
Garden Theatre. Mr. M. was passing a g Whitehall, whets be was
requested by a female to let her walk u r his umbrella. Ile cons-
plied with her request, and shortly after the two men came up to
him, and endeavoured to seize his umbrella. He called the watch-
man, and the men beat the watchman, and endeavoured to pin pos-
session of the umbrella. Dining this scuffle they assaulted a youag
woman, and endeavoured to take front her also an umbrella. •
The Magistrate said, 'they had acted in sacha daring manner that
he should insist that the parties did not compromise the matter, a$
ordered them to find bait on the three separate charges, and in do.
fault they were locked ep. •
. .

II

I-STREET.

Several Gentlemen applied in the course of yesterday to the Ma-
gistrates, to know when the final examination of Mr. Fauntleroy
was to take place? One Gentleman was extresiely urgent to ascer-
tain this fact, but the reply to teU Hiles tiger no day was fixed, and
of course no satisfaction could be given to the applicants. This
'latter Gentleman said, that be was particularly anxious to be pre-
sent on the next occasion, and asked, If it would not be a good
plan for him to attend the Office regularly every day?
The Magistrate said, that be might please himself in that respect ;
but he thought his best mode would be, if his business was so press-
ing, to apply to the Bank of England upon the subject.
MARY-LA-BONNE OFFICE.
Yesterday, two running dustmen, named More .sad , were
charged with a dreadful assault upon iii st the
Beadles and two Constables. It append they were in
the act of stealing some cinders, an spew an attempt bake ispide
to seise them, they, with their shovels, levelled to the ends alp
whole phalanx of Constables and Beadles. They were, however,
secured, and dragged through the streets to the Office as they re-'
fused to walk. They were held to baling the several charges ass.
sulk, and fined 20e. for steals, the cinders.
Two urchins were cemmiried for thraSri g domls Minh
et Great Jameaaireet, Lines Grove, and hare=
and reticule.
HATTON-GARIIEN.
.lesuA Geer, a marine and portrait painter, and onnielan at Co-
vent. Theatre, was charged with MOAT assauldag his
wife. Mrs. Gear, an keened young woman, odd, ohs seas mar-
ried to Mr. Gag aeon peon show; shims Ms sicced wife,
sad was wmpelkd te de the meet modal aides tee him sod his fa-
mily of eight chit**, some erwhion seises io years, and
they teak every twomiss seams.* her; bar husband,
instead d sisigibibli.ber tools dim los*, has tie seconded
. their endeavours. less akar' die birth et her child, dos at he
• breast, het Imbued wined her bite a dam; throat to swap, au.

.

-

endanelliti his tits, Ona.skatnt-di OWL GA Bwisy nigitt,•ke
raved itoe bonnet ming*, ond-miniglibms miles* round hie
neck, as to cause the blood to sum ant* the skin, and irate an
indelible mark on the place.--zrt treed denied the charge.
Mr. Hanon's clerk. who for th. complainant,said, she
had no with to press the chaste, was desirous to obtain a pro.
maims against his cruelties. and to oblige him to ere her *unkind.
sustenance. The Magistrate ordered him to find bail for the assault.
M P.TII4IT ERT.
A. Cover,J: heck'', and A mire. were charged, the former with
Cashmere

stealing. and Wolfe with __ Ang, a bale of __ shawls,
.and a piece of Ladles' pelisse cloth, from a cart belonging to liessrt.
.Plehford, while the driver was delivering a parcel iu the Minor
Finter sod Lee, the takers, were passing through Preeeott-street,
Minn they saw Govey and Wheeler enter Wolfe's house with the
seeds, who immediately attempted to shut the door, to prevent ti
eneedeim of the Olkers. He was, t►erefore, deemed an accessary
efteelbtfalt, and all three were remanded.
UNION-HALL.
• • ,

An Irish piper, named Barney fluter, was brought before R. 3,
CMAlntaf, Req. Charged by a publican, landlord of the F,musitai•l, iR
Falcon-court, Southwark, with having excited a disturbance,
and
broke some glasses, in his house, in consequence of his permitting to
play some Irish Crappie tunes. • It appeared that the pip,. went into
the public house lad Commenced the tune of Carryout?* crowds of
Irish people flocked into the house, and by the time :Awry twit Was
concluded, the piper was called on by one party (for there ware two
parties in the room) to play Oroppia fie dorm 111 e pipet began the
tune, when he received a blow on the bead from one of the Orange
party ; the row then commented, and a general battle took place,
but tranquillity having been relented, the piper *as desired to play
again, but the bags were slit. Tye two parties then left the house,
and the landlord finding that a water-jug and some glasses were
broken, detained the piper.—lle declared that he never supposed
the glasses would have been broken wbem be (commenced " Crop.
pies lie down," but having paid the *Am !for the damsel be
was liberated.

In the Lewes House of Correction each prisoner ens.
ployed on the tread-mill works at the rate of 6,600 feet
in ascent per day.
A most disgraceful exhibition took place yesterday, in
the Five Fields, Chelsea; two women fought a pitched
battle for a sovereign ; the cause of the quarrel was a
fit of jealousy on the part of one of the conibatants, the
wife of a costermonger. The most brutal fighting con,
tinned between the women fur two hours and a half,
' when the mob broke in, and the battle was a drawn one.
Races for saddles and bridles frequently take place on
the strand of Cullenstown, near Waterford. At one of
these, on Saturday last, vilien the stakes were laid and
the horses ready for starting, a carman came up, leading
an old blind horse with a kish of apples, and cried out,
44 Boys, will you let me try my hand?" "We will, we
will," was the general response. The new votary was
supplied by one of the bystanders with a saddle, the
stake money (we believe 2,2.;61) was deposited, and the
sportsman quickly appeared on the lists, mounted on his
blind charger. The signal was given, and, to the sor-
prise-of all, the blind horse completely distanced his
rivals, and won the race. The losers could not conceal
their chagrin, while it afforded a n.ost amusing scene tir
the great mass of the spectators, amongst whom were
several Ladies and Gentlemen of the neighbourhood.
After.agaiu placing the car upon his horse, the owner
coolly threw the saddle and bridle which he had wctt
into the kish, and, wishing the Gentlemen a.good morn-
ing, drove off with his pi izes, amid the shouts of those
who witnessed his success. .
The Ladies at Paris formerly, in,order to keeptheir
bouquets fresh, placed the stems in a small in funnel,
filled with water, and covered with green riband. It
was found, however, that colds and sore throats we're
the consequence of the occasional overturning of these
reservoirs, and the nosegays were left to their fate.
THZ D(JHBTFHL FRANK.-.O.SuMe time ago a Member
of Parliament, 3is ell known in the convivial circles,
applied to the Post (Mice to know why some of
his franks had been charged ? The answer was, We
did not believe them to be your; -the hand-writing is
not the.same." 44 Why, there is a little difference, I
grant; but the real truth is, I had made ratherjree with
the bottle when I wrote them." " Then, Sir, will you
'be so good in future as to wiite drunk, when you frank
:in that state." • • ‘.
The following is the literal direction of nitrite, which
passed through the Post Office of this town on Wed-
nesday last:
" To my best of friends, my chum,
" (But should any one *ben he lives inquire? •
With his father, A. My-all, Esquire :)
" So I- pray you, lie. What d'ye call,
Go tell him that still in health I im,
And deliver this safe at Hedingbain
" Esscx.“--.l6seslirids Chronick.

..
immemor _
..
\ ..,
i ''l43/42 - /13 i
It''
--4 • S.O)
_ - ...t.,.. • i
- . .
- • - -'
_ I
