VIENNA, SEPTEMBER 1.

According to letters from Trente, the .AustriAn
troops who have traversed the Brescia have hec,,.
directed towards Mantua, where they are to remain
until further orders.

The following document has recently been pub-
lished at Naples:

M AN ADDRLSS TO THE BRITISH NATION FROST THE INHABITANTS

tat IRINODOIf or NAPLES.

" Let a nation that has produced a flacon, a Newton, a Loci e,
a ilitakspeare, a Howa-0, a Sidney, a Lancaster, as well as a vas:
number of other great men-s-a nation a:•cient in the true ag..:
solid cause of liberty—listen to the vrice of ber brothers,
people of Naples. Few of thy periodical writers have pu:'.
lished a just and correct idea of the happy, wise, and umzein,
Revolution, that has rendered us worthy of thy sympathy a:
friendship. One of them attributes it to party spirit, and aso..
ther has had even the impudence to affirm that our Revolution
has been operated by the partisans of our late extinct foreign
despot, as if there could be any of this stamp amongst us in suf-
ficient number to influence tae spontaneous will of the whole
nation. These ultra writers, while they are unjust towards us,
take from thee a portion of that glory which belongs exclusivel!
to thy nation; for to thee we are prot4 to acknowledge tli:t
we owe, and ere long all Europe will likewise be indebted t.l
thee for, the inestimable advantages resulting from a Cdt.stit...-
tional Government.

" Thou wert the first to give the example by die patriotic
exertions of thy forefathers, who, by hard fighting, and after tk,:
most sesere struggles, finally established political and individ:-.1
liberty ; and ever since,' for nearly the term -of two crate:h.,
thou hast practically demonstrated to the world the advanta,:e
inherent in a free and representative form of Governrneut.—
Finally, by thy virtue and heroic constancy. thou bast liberated
Europe from that colossal despot, whose diabolical designs wer!
the more terrible inasmuch as his means for executing them
were always adequate to his vast undertakings. Consequently,
without thee, the world must inevitably have been involved in
the most despotic slavery. Hence eternal thanks are due :o
thee, 0 generous nation! and thanks which every day increase
In our hearts, now that we are become free, and that we 5h.,11
be able to enjoy its salutary effects. Glory, moreover, to all t`te
Heroes of Materloo, where, by the consummate skill of thy
great Captain, together with the courage and discipline of his
Army, the Liberty of Europe was finally and permanently

Wilt thou, or rather will those thy periodical writers, who,
from sinister motives, or perhaps from precipitate and erroneous
information, have fallen into such glaring and illiberal errors,
still continue to discredit the glorious work performed by u:,
which we consider has entitled our nation to thy esteem—worthy
by our unanimous concord and moderation, to be an exann,le
evert to others? Will they continue obstinate, by attributing
us wicked designs, secret views militating against the genir.tl
prosperity of the different European States, or contrary to the
conservation of the legitimate dynasties actually at the head of
the legitimate Governments of Europe?
" Will they declaim against our heroic army, who on no other
occasion were ever more faithful to the oath they had contracted
on their colours—Pro Regeet Or, in fine, will they ccn-
fwand brigands with soldiers?
" The dynasty of the Bourbons is dear to us ; we love the
son, as likewise the grandson, of Charles 111. It is to him tat
we are indebted for having been considered as a nation amongst
the European-fowers. it is, therefore, a pleasing sensation
. .

vs to see eur•happy regeneration accomplished during the rtign
of the son of that great Monarch. Our most ardent and sincere
wishes are for his felicity ; and our most ardent desire is to have
him for our independent King, subject only to the laws of our
country, which, from his natural propensity, he has always been:
but not, as hitherto, a subject to his intriguing and perverse Mi-
nisters. His liberty and our liberty is the same thing ; and we
are determined to support one and the other, at the cost of every
thing that is dear to us.
" Magnanimous Nation ! to whom Europe is indebted for its
liberation from tyranny—that has abolished the most inhuman
traffic in our fellow-creatures—that has spilt the blood and 'pert

the treasures of its own subjects, to force the African Powers
to respect the laws of civilized nations, and for which, from oar
locanituation, we are under the greatest obligations! 0 ! Na-
tion eminently free, can these thy aforesaid periodical writers
induce thee to despise and reject our natural rights ? or will it be
necessary for us to demonstrate in our regeneration thy particular
advantages, in order to induce thee to approve and applaud our
success? No ! such venal and interested principles can never be
cherished by the majority of the British Empire; it would be
indirectly condemning the glorious exertions of thy ancestors.
" Our country is rich and fertile from nature ; thy people are
commercial, industrious, and manufacturers; hence an open and
vast field for a mutually advantageous intercourse between ovr
respective countries, by exchanging the produce of one against
the manufactures of the other. Absolute Governments are ge-
nerally ruled by ignorant and perverse Ministers, as the King is
always obliged to nominate them out of his courtiers or their
adherents. Obstacles invented by them, as well as others pre-
viously existing, which they do not remove, render the civili-
zation of the country stationary, and prevent the natural increase
of population; hence our country which, in former times, has
contained twelve millions of inhabitants, at present only contaias
about five millions.
" Wise administration, spontaneous exertions of the peopir,
and free national concord, will, in the course of time, render to
this fine fertile country its pristine state of prosperity.
" We, rich in the produce of our lands, shall by these nears
be able to pay a greater tribute to thy industry, which, urited
with thy ingenuity and art, deservedly bestows on thee the fir::
place amongst the commercial nations of the world; while, to
thy still greater honour, a number of thy philanthropic subject:,
actuated by the most virtuous and disinterested motives, are
employed, st their own expense, in propagating all over tie
world religion, peace, and public instruction.
46 People of Great Britain ! we are anxious above everything
to have your approbation of our political regeneration, and to
be united with you in eternal friendship.,—Naples, August 25."

The Paris Papers of Wednesday arrived this morn-
ing. Their domestic intelligence is tyiimportant.—
Such additional particulars as they contain respect-
ing the Neapolitan and Portuguese Revolutions, will
be found among our details under these respective
heads.— Five per Cents. Tuesday, 74 fr. 15 c. _

A French Jourrial congratulates the European pub-
lic, that the details of the Revolution in Portugal will
soon make the English Papers of the highest inte-
rest, and withdraw them, for a time, from
the
disgusting particulars of a process which, for the in-
wrests. of morals and of royalty, ought to have bccu
buried in eternal silence !"

. , r +-+•~ - -•

....,

it
ri
e

cc
It
ca
th

th
ce
