CHAPTER 11.

Who are the French ?—Andent Christians and new heretles.
What brought them to their pment slavery ?-:-False philoso-
phy, and the corruption of their manners.
How do they serve their I.ord ?—Sorne by augmenting his
pride, and others as the instruments of his iniquity, and of the
extermination of mankind.
Must not such an iniquitous Empire have an end;—Accord-
ing to the opinion of the soundest politicians, its ruin is close at
hand.

Front what have we these omens ?—From the dispositions
adopted by our beloved mother—the Country.
What is the Country ?---An assemblage of many distinct coin-
raunities, ruled over by one King, and governed by the same
system of laws.
Have all those communities a reciprocil Interest ?—Yes : all
being bound in the same natural duty to help, support, and de-
fend each other reciproCally.
What punishment ought to fall on the Spaniard, who should
violate these last duties T—lnfamy, the natural death of the trai-
tor, and the civil death of his descendants.
What is natural death ?—Privation of life.
What is civil death ?—Thc privation of property, and of the
honours which the country bestows on all true and valiant citi-
zens.

CHAPTER IH.

Who is conic into Spain ?—The second person of the diabolical
trio.
What are his principal functions ?—Despotism, robbery, and
oppression.
What doctrine doth he teach us t—lnfidelity and depravity of '
manners.

What can free us from such an Envcy ?—Union and arms.
Is it a sin to kill Frenchmen N.—No, far from It, a great merit
if thereby we can deliver our country from inktrynad insult.
CHAPTER IV.
What is courage T.—Constancy of .mind in those who, with pru-
dence and coolness, pursue the means of victory.
And is not subordination necessary to its attainment 1-.-So much
so, that it is its first qualification.
To whom is it due ?—To all our Chiefs.
In the eye of your country, who is the best and most noble of
her sons?—He who distinguishes himself most by honour, con-
rage, and disinterestedness, be who he may.
Who are those who solicit greatness. Amman, and rewards,
before they have exercised those virtues ?—The proud and sense-'I
less, who do not know how to °hey, and who are generally the
most useless.

What ideas ought to lead us on to battle !—Our country's wel-
fare, the defence of our brethren, ind the universal glory of the
nation.

Who sre %hose whose duty it Ist° beararnis P—An those whom
the Government deems the fitteat, and whom the community can
best spare.
What arc the duties of the rest?—To contribute with ?atrial
tic generosity a part of the means they have derived from their
country.
And he that has nothing, what is he to do ?—Pray to God for
the success of the Spanish antic, and occupy himselfin the business
to which he has been brought ep,.wbich is also a mode of contri-
bution to the public wealth.
To whom ought we to look for our happiness P—Tcji God, the
skill and loyalty of our Chiefs, and our own courage and docility.
CHAPTER V.
What policy and conduct ought Spaniards to observe ?-I'he
maxims of Jesus C List and the Gospel.
Whirb does our adversary follow ?—These of Machiavel.
In what are they founded ?—ln egotism.
To what end do they conduce P— To promote their self-interest i
to the prejudice and ruin of their fellow beings.
How do they obtain it ?—By representing crimes as virtues.
- CHAPTER VI.
- - -

By what means have the tyrants occupied our 6011?—By decep-
tion, treason, and every base artifice,
Are these means sufficient to obtain the crown which belongs
to another ?—No, so far from it, they have rendered themselves
unworthy of our regard, stud we must resist with all our strength,
a King who wishes to enter by such unjust and abominable meant.
What felicity, therefore, must we seek ?—Such as they can
never give us.
And what iS it ?—The security of our rights, the free exercise
of our holy religion, and the establishment of a monarchical go-
vernment, adapted to the institutiors of Spain, and her relations
with the rest of Europe.
Well, did we not possess it already ?—Yes, till disorganized by
theindolence of the Supreme Authorities who governed

•
And who must regulate it ?-Spain, assembled in her Corte*,
who alone have this right, exdubive dallfsireign influence.
Who would have sanctioned this plan ?—Ferdinand VII. who
we pray GOD may be restored to the lmorn of our love for ever.
AMXN.

The fallowing Proclamation, addressed to the
French Armies in Spain, has been circulated in the
Spanish and French languages. It is dated from
Ciudad Rodrigo:—
