SMITHFIELD lIAY-31ARKFT Nov 27.

Coarse Heavy Lowland Meadow Hay, £2 51. to £2 ISs. New
Meadow Hay. £2 ss. to 1.55. Useful Old, £2 10s. to .23 10s.
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye Grass Hay, £4 os to £4 15s. New
Clover Hay, £2 ss. to £3 Ins. Old ditto. £3 3s. to £5 Ss. Oat
Si.raw, £1 Bo to £1 12s. Wheat Straw, £1 12,. to £1 Ida. per load of
36 trusses.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 27.

We have just received, through a private channel, the
Coastitutionnel of Thursday, which contains the following
important passage, on the military situation of Europe
" There is no doubt now remaining, that the great Conti-
nental Powers are busily occupied, in augmenting and
strengthening their military forces. Russia is concentrating
a strong force in Poland ; Prussia occupies the line of
the Wesel, towards Lane-louis, with an organized
army of ninety thousand men, including the troops
in the fortresses; and Austria, on her side, is recruiting
her regiments, and marching them to the Tyrol. We like-
wise know, that there are movements on the frontiers of
Piedmont. All these formidable preparations have natu-
rally awakened the French Government ; and it is, accord-
ingly, adopting every necessary measure, to give to the
country a military attitude, in accordance with her dignity
and grandeur. The new Minister of War is in full activity;
and a few weeks will show the fruits of his labour.

Still, we are assured that the policy of France, along with that
of the Continental Powers, is not in the least altered; and it
is industriously instilled, that all these military movements
have no farther design, than to preserve the internal order
and rule of each respective State. We are willing to believe
this ; and do not distress ourselves with imaginary terrors.
It is consolatory to know, that England seems determined to
maintain a generous policy ; and is averse to involve herself
in the affairs and movements which agitate absolute power. All
coalitions against France can avail nothing, so long as Eng-
land will not furnish the sinews of war ; and she does appear to
be disposed to lend her resources, which she stands in need
of herself. The most we have to fear is, not foreign inva-
fion —but the excitement of our own passions."

The intelligence we gave yesterday, and indeed the day
before yesterday, almost unnoticed by our Contemporaries,
of important military movements in Prussia, Russia, and
Germany, appears still farther to be corroborated by the
French news of this morning. We are not inclined to
believe, as we observe it hinted in the Morning Chronicle,
that our late Ministers entertained the idea of infringing the
line of non. intervention, which they had publicly
declared as sound policy.—" The designs," says the Chro-
nicle, " which have been hatching by the Powers, and
the degree in which the late Ministers encouraged them,
may never, perhaps, be fully known ; but we confess we
could wish some pains were taken, to get at the bottom
of the business. The King of HOLLAND must have
been buoyed up, with hopes or promises of some kind ;
otherwise be would hardly have acted and spoken
as he has done." Now, we really think, if an im-
partial view be taken of the interests of the great
continental Governments, and how seriously those interests
were involved in the decision of the question, whetherßelgium
was to be established as a separate republic, or s separate
friendly monarchy,it would have been matter of astonishment,
if they had not taken some preparatory) messures,to secure the

inviolability of their own tranquillity, and even—if possible
—influence the affairs in• which they were, although se-
condarily, deeply interested.
The conduct of the King of HoLLAN n has been so appa-
rently anomalous, as not to be accounted for on any princi-
ple except that he has had an inclination, and exerted a vo-
lition of his own, in his own affairs, prompted by personal or,
national interests, with which some of the other powers,
who had become in a degree his counsellors, we should
conceive, have not concurred. It is just possible, that,
some Continental military movements may have been
intended, to act, in terrorem, over the decisions of the
Belgian Congress ; but we hardly think the present move-
ments are adequately accounted for by such a cause.
The winter is a time, when the movements of
armies in the Northern States of Europe, become,
in general, suspended ; and it may be possible, that
the new disposition of the forces alluded to, may be
made with no other object, than to take up those positions,
while practicable, which may be most effectual in preserving
the internal tranquillity of Europe, during the winter. The
season which, it i 3 evident, would impede the operations of
armies, it is not so evident, would impede the pro-
gress of revolution—the battles of which aro fought
in the crowded city more successfully, than in the tented
field. On the whole, while we can see many arguments
most cogent, to prove the destructive impolicy of interven-
tion in the affairs of the present disturbed states, on the
part of the neighbouring Potentates, we see arguments
equally cogent, why these Potentates should sleep in
their armour, during the winter, which has a chance
of being a tempestuous one ; and, we think, he must
be a poor politician who cannot perceive the proba-
bility, that the late change of our Administration—however
necessary it may be deemed to the tranquillity and interests
of this country—will perplex the policy, and not a little en-
danger the re-establishment of tranquillity, in the disturbed
States, and the preservation of it in those, now supposed
tranquil.

The Morning Post observes to-day, that " it is a cir-
cumstance not only curious, but most strange, that the Duke
of WELLINGTON should be blamed for his recent declaration
against Parliamentary Reform, which was certainly not so
strong as that made by Mr. CANNING, when Prime Mi-
nister, upon the same subject; and which, it will be remem-
bered, was highly applauded at the time."
When our cotemporary says, " was highly applauded at
the time," he should have added, " by the larger portion of
the influential people." We perfectly agree with him, that
the fact is curious, if by curious he means extraordinary or
unexpected : but has he not himself accounted for this change
in opinion, as to the declarations to which be alludes, by con-
fessing that the danger of innovation has much increased ?
May what he remarks not be taken as a sign of the
times ? Since Mr. CANNING lived, that declaration which
was unpopular, only among avowed reformers, is now
almost universally unpopular. The Duke of WEL-
LINGTON'S declaration then, would not have been
disapproved; but that it is now so, events have
proved; and we apprehend, it is yet difficult to ap-
preciate accurately, how far the change of sentiment,
since that time, has extended. The Duke's conduct cannot
be considered as expedient ; but it was bold, perhaps saga-
cious, and we have no doubt, honest.

Before the second reading a the Regency Bill came on
last night in the House of Lords, which Bill was ordered to
be committed on Tuesday next, Earl GROSVENOR afforded
to the LORD CHANCELLOR an opportunity of replying
to the attack of Mr. CRON ER, in the House of Commons.
In presenting two petitions from Cheater—one in favour of
parliamentary reform, and the other against negro slavery,
—the Earl GROSVENOR said that he was happy in call-
ing their Lordships' attention to the former, to give an oppor-
tunity to the noble and learned Lord who now occupied
the Woolsack, and who had been so long an ornament to
the other House of Parliament, as he bad no doubt he
should be to their Lordships', an opportunity of explain-
ing that which had been the subject of a misun-
derstanding, or a mis-statement, in another place, if
the noble Lord thought proper to avail himself of it.
This, of course, called up the learned CHANCELLOR, who
replied in a candid and conclusive manner. His Lordship
said he was not surprised, that a person so learned, and
possessed of so much talent—meaning Mr. CROKILR--.-bad
fallen into error ; for he declared himself astonished at his
own conduct. It was through ignorance that he was thus
attacked ; and he could say, that be himself shared in the
common astonishment; in truth, no one could have been
more stricken with wonder at his having—even at the
eleventh hour—been prevailed upon to quit his station of
representative for the county of York, than he was himself !
His Lordship concluded his brief, but very satisfactory expla-
nation, by announcing that, in changing his situation, his
principles remained unchanged ; and that, when he accepted
the office which his Majesty had been pleased to confide to
his care, he took it from the conviction that, so far from
disabling him to render his duty to the country, he could
be the better enabled to perform it. That which had
dazzled him most, in the prospect of his elevation, was
not the Sew-gaw splendour with which it was surrounded,
but the chances which it gave him of honestly and con-
sistently—for he could rely on his honesty, and consistency
was an absolute necessity of his nature—of being able to
carry his intentions into effect. Therefore, as he knew he
was honest and consistent, the point in which the Great
Seal dazzled his eyes, and induced him to quit the station,
as a Representative of a county, which, to an Englishman,
was one of the moat proud, was, that it seemed to hold out
to him the grateful prospect, that in serving the King, he
should more effectually have the power to serve the country.
We are willing to believe all this; and likewise to believe,
that the three items which constitute the distinguishing
principle of the administration in which the Learned CHAN-'
CELLOR holds a station so eminent—namely, reform, re-
trenchment, and peace—will have a powerful and efficient
advocate in his Lordship.
DHlssml
_ _

A Commisslonership of Bankrupts is vacant, by the ac-
ceptance of office of Robert Grant, Esq.

CITY, ONE O'CLOCK.

The only arrival this morning of any consequence is the
express from Paris, which we partly anticipated in our City
article of yesterday, stating that some commotion' had taken
place at the barrier of Paris between the smugglers and Na-
tional Guard ; also that great fear was entertained of a
coalition of the allied powers.

Consols which left off yesterday heavy at 82; for the
January account, opened this morning at 82(, since which
the market has improved to 826 i, and the same for money.
The private failure we announced yesterday out of the
house, has no connection with the mercantile house of the
same name.

In the Foreign Market nothing doing as yet.
It appears by accounts from Musquito, that the coast from
Cape Canaveret to St. Augustine, is strewed with wrecks,
and cargoes of vessels, apparently wrecked'in the gale of the
15th August last.

CITY; TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols, which were, in the early part of the morning, at
821 for the account, have since continued at 82; ; and the
same for money, with very little doing.
Although the accounts from France are of a warlike na-
ture the well-informed are of an opinion that the various
powers on the continent are only taking self-precautions.
England and France being at present unitod in a good un-
derstanding:, no power on the continent dare venture pre-
viously on hostile measures without their consent.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing, prices
much the same as yesterday.

I, Nov.

The Princess Augusta took a carriage airing this morning.
The amiable Landgravine was in her low-wheeled chaise on
the Palace pleasure grounds.
Lady Clinton, Mr. and Miss Orby Hunter, Mrs. and the
Misses Can, Sir Gore and Lady Ouseley, Sir George, Lady
and the Misses Shiffner, Captain and Mrs. Brownlow Knox,
Lord lohn Townahend, &c. left their names at the Pavillion
yesterday and to-day.
The Duke of Devonshire, who had merely left to attend
his Majesty's Levee, is returned to Kemptown.
Lord and Lady Lyndhurst and Lord Yarborough remain
in Sussex-square.
Sir George and Lady Pocock came in a day or two since.
Apartments are engaged at the Royal York for Lady
William Gordon.

Lady Clinton, who arrived at the Albion, has removed to
the house of Lord Holland on the Steyne, where Lord Clin-
ton is expected to join her this evening or to-morrow.
Apartments are engaged at the Bedford for the Lord Chan-
cellor and Lady Brougham.
The Bishop of Chichester, Mrs. and the Misses Carr, are
arrived, and occupying a house in Brunswick-terrace.
Mr. and Lady BARBARA PONSONRY are continuing at
tho Albion.

The Hon. Mr. and Miss LEIGH have left for Portman-
square.
The Foot Guards, on their route for this place, were ar-
rested in their progress, and marched westward, on Tuesday.
Several troops of tim Life Guards left, taking a western
route, this morning. Tranquillity remains at Brighton.
