IMSKASES OF THE URETHRA.

R. DtiF66 R, Sole Proprietor of lIARAN's
celebrated MEDICATED ECIUOIES, having confined
his practice fot more than twenty years to the cute of strictures,
Obstenttior.s Debility, Gonorrheal; and eatery OMIT disease of
the Urethra:flatters himetiff that demist practice, joined to the
Mildness of the remedies he employs etchtsivt.4y enables him to
offer a safe permanent cure, not sobjectto the danger and Wel&
cacy attending the use of Caustic or the common Boogie.
Persons in the country, stating their case folly in a I.tter,
closing a one or two pound note, will have proper 'remedies 'sent
to the amount,

For the various symptoms, soe Mr. Dufasr's Practical 'Frei..
tise on Diseases of the Urethra, &c. price a. the Seerntit
tion. To be had of the Booksellers, and at the Author's borne,
No. 54, Frith-street, Sobs.

.. _ .
A REAL BLESSING. TO MOTHERS. •
DR. BUCHAN moss pathetically describes the
sufferings of children while cutting their Teeth; a most
dangerous period, at which time the utmost attention ought to
be paid tot hem ; pardeuirrly at this critical season, w hen the chin
cough and measles are in prevalent. If the irritatt ..ti of the gums
comes with any other Disorder, very few Elul+ recover. Mo-
thers ought never to be without the AMERICAN SOOTHING
SYRUP in the nursery, far if a child wakes in the night with
pains in his gums, this valuable medicine applied, will anima.
diately open the pc.res, ht al the gums, slid thereby rrevent town
or cenvoLtions. Parents who may be dubious of the virtues of
the ziouthing syrup, may refer to the different owns that kev
apt eared in this and other papers. Since :VII% Jo nts sou has up..
propriated one boor twice a weak, via. from Wine to ten &cluck,
on reectay and Saturday mornings, to the poor, who may**,
c!ii:dr it afflicted is cutting ts.cir teeth. by bring sir a letter front
a howal.l.-, par that she mother is a rtal of ict of charity, his
made i• so untverealiy known, that canes would be soperitumsq,
•as its virtues are known in almost-every family white there alts
young chldron. ,
To he bad, wholesale and retail, of the Porrirtors,,ll: Johnson
and Williams, 90, Newmau.streetf.Osford-stem; and, by altar
appoirtmet.t. of Barclay. Ilect nlAlket 6 Sham Ent httwafil4.
St.-Paul's Church-yard ; Butler, No. 4, Chtspsidei Ntwbury
• and Sun, St. Mules Church yard, end ,Datue-st reet; Pith! in ; DWI
and Sutton, how Chureh-yacd; and all the RnaciPAl Mitt,
Venders iu own and country, at 23 ed. a bolle for ready -."
CAU 'NU 14 e.rPoe sure to ask torjoliosoa aidAYlllianies ,i(pieri-
Aso Soothing Slew, is there ea s ntutibar of speriutis.%eftl.
AGENTLEMAN colcselteJ • Mr. Spik ity, 4t
lis
. its Dispensary, 15, S.dto4quarc, last 'Surtirtisi,liebilt eit
en:tiptoed ern:Juts of the pat ,:t bit form cov-rang his !and% 4.
t..- OW wit/iv:silent pain, sad swe i'llip of t be rands Of steatinsf.-r m
irritation.' His nil;hts sleepless, and his Itekless entte(itis hoe*
lking wee') rendered this case i!t s:i young s'efts d stretd*
AFvl
Much oUtlie virulence had bee.; ptsi.indodlay . ens htiptitip.ir
treaitneut. Being directed to a Mil'. svdativc ',Ole svireateil
synttnems laic-way; isud the 'PATENT' . rViCostalq•le
DitOPS re,tuyed his hands to their natural isste;•and he noir
ege*3erhirnself We enjoying a better mare of health than than
'dee tam preileipit years. ..,,
• N. B: The Ornttine Mediein4, dpfisbery's Patent Amisootion-
de Deem h4s the words, " Ily the 1:14s Pete*: eZpreAllailn
the Batiks.. Bill of 1./free-thin, and OsteiWi Wilmer and the
t. • lfin's Duty is, rusted in flack Isik.7-In Il.m!es et StiriSllthtr,
• imbh TM Sh s ttutlAi*pcnst—Mul Wen Onc Pam a
.0411,411P1T #4, viled-Crwilountfgfeence, Ss. ay',
'lbis kinkier is'peculiarty tkiuus in Scurq, Gent,'Vien. ,
4131ibr9. in /'lbis
ILO TlP(l.`",Plnligilbtli! , • . ""

o Imi.

- - -
WONDERFUL Diff(Atia air •BY A r 5. 'Nut
y y NCH'S celebrated 130TANL gMBItA -
_LA TION, aod VEGETABLR EX LILAC'', being a sove-
reign and sprcilic Remedy for the Uoet, Rheumatism; I.usa.
bago, &c. which it never fails relieving by three or four warm
applications.
T tie following respecable persons havlog derived treat benefit
front the use Qf these Medicines, have given perm:mon for in-
straits their oanzes, and will satisfy ail one lit regard to Bitgooo
affei.ta,.whtt may think proper to refer to them:
Thomas Sinihen, carpenter, of a Rheumatic Gout In
4,ags; Mr. J. Fly, Gent.; T.Ridlei, Gent ; G.Mat thews, Chin. • •
Barratt, Gent.; and Messrs. Dudgen, RoliertS, lad
Piper, all of Croydon ; Mr. Alwen, Chelsam ; Mr. WAttkinsisi,
natr St.Gile4,l-101bon: ; Mr. Jay, Kirg's 'Read, old Jewry; lefr.
Scrivens, City C, nose ; Mr. P. Jack, te Horae' Coient-
Garden ; Mr. Rover, Star and Garter, Old Yard; sits
a Ge.dleman at Cat shaiton, cured of a Rheurtatic Gout lAA
few days.
The above articles are prepared and sold by t!!e Inventor, Mt.
Lynch, No. 4, Prince's Place, Duke-rt.... 1, S. ;antes's, who
has appointed Messrs. Barclay and Sons. Fleet-Mathe, London,
his Wholesale A:tents; by whom respect.thle Venders, and the
Public in general, may he supplied—zad whose names, as a cer-
taln crirenon of authenticity, will be engraved on the Stamp
affixed to each bottle and pot. Said also retail by all Veniers of
Patent Moslicisses.

GUESTONIAN MEDICINES.
CASE 85.

To Mr. B. GUEST, No. 0, Great Surrey-street, foot of Black..
friar's-beigge. -
Maid-lane, Borough, Soisikwark, March 11,.1111L
EA RSi It —When I ountamplate the. waa•
D derful cure which your Medicines have performed on we,
I feel mrelf desirous of having it made.pnislic as possible.
In the year 1803 I broke my kg two different times in the
same week, and it was so badly. set as to oblige Rue to walk With
my ,tree on a wooden leg for six years, the first three of whicls
I triel several of the most eminent Surgeons in London, theisrt
of whom was Mr. Ashley Cooper, well he pronounced` me in-
curable, whichwas in the year 1309. I then begged of him to
cut off my 'kg ; in answer to which he observed, that amputation
would be the death of me, therefore he declared ills operation.
In the year 181 t, you basing cured my brother of a aunt et•
tressing bead-sae, he recommended me to you ,I attended on
my wooden leg, when my kg measured onainch and three quota
tell less than the of her—it was cold as ice, sod had been in fiir
the last five ye;s:... No:withstand ng this I had no use for niy
wooden lee on the second day. The sixth day I fit ally left off
my crutches, being capable of walking with a stick. In Sioesut
three months I was complexly cured, and have continued ever
since as well and as upright as ever I was. But wbm seems 4o
me still more strange tlpan tins' is, the: this leg now 'measures
the same site u my other, net has It ever !wen cold since 'the
first week of using your Lotion an-I taking your Pills. Any
singular case is welt known to nearly' all the people in Healey on
Thames, sad to mole than a thousand people residing within a
quartet of smile from your house, where hive; and be assured it
can never be forgot by me so long as I am capable of recollection ;
era amoleor Sit, your humble savant,
No. 12, Maid-lane. aintellAM DOWLING.

ii

_____

•

LANCASTiIII/4 MARCH ASSIZES, 1813.
.A T c SPTEasCoIfAtL;
LTNTYI ofGLACIf
NCthAeSTER, held
at the CASTLE aif LOCAUER, on Tuesday, the aid Day
lafiMareh, 1813 t. befog the first opportunity of their assembling
• • Mier the publication of the Report hereinafter-mentioned:
t'resent, the Rev. JAMES BARTON, Clerk, Chairman.
''THOMAS CLAYTON, Esq. I WILLIAM HILL, Esq.
RALNI FLET.CHRI.ESq. JOSHUA HINDS, Esq.
Rteuaati Gant:Jae, Esq. JAMILS STAINSANK, Clerk.
The RRPORT of the Commisstorteas appointed is enquire into
the State, Conduct, and Management of his Majesty's Prison,
the CASTLE of LANCASTER, and of the PRISONERS therein
confined, bearing date the 90th day of October last, being
laid before us,
IT IS UNANIMOUSLY ISSOLYED,
That we feel no small gratification in finding that the opinion
of the Magistrates, publicly expressed by their unanimous Reso-
lutions, at their Annual General Sessions of the 25th June last,
of the conduct of Mr. HIGGIN, the Gaoler of Lancaster Castle,
is fully warranted and confirmed by the said Report, which re-
ect s the highest honour on his character, and, throughout, shews
the utter falsehood of the charges preferred against him.
That we feel it an act of common justice, due to the character
of so meritorious an officer; nor can we, at the same time, more
'
fully express our own sentiments, than by directing the follow-
ing Extracts from that Report to be published :
a Having now exhibited the nature and circumstances of the
several complaints which were either directly preferred, or inci-
dentally suggested in the course of our investigation, respecting
the management and controul of the Debtors in the Gaol, and
the conduct of the Gaoler throughout all the different parts of
teat most difficult duty, we feel ourselves bound in justice to de-
clare, that he has passed through the trial in a manner which
Cannot but confirm the good character he had before acquired: '
but we ought not to dismiss the subject with this general expres-
sion only of our approbation. It is our duty more panicularly
- to declare, that every circumstance which came under our.obser-
vation, has evinced his disposition to administer relief to those ,
. who were suffering under the pre,sure of sickness, or extreme
indigence; or of that frequent cause of mortification and misery,
Mnong Prsoners•for debt, the ill-treatment they receive from
thole with whoni they are forced to live, his readiness to give
asdstance and advice for the settlement of differences among
them, when there was any likelihood that his interposition would
have effect ; and the correct and proper application of such chari-
ties as are distributed under his recommendation. We ought
further to add, that a succession of Debtors in the Gaol, who,
from their appearance and demeanor, (so different from all the
indications which distinguished some of those agitators whom the
evidence bas sufficiently described), as well as from the respecta-
bility of their former situation and connections seemed to merit
every degree of attention, presented themselves with great eager-
ness, to bear their testimony to the humane and generous con-
duct of their Gaoler, whom they represented as the Father and
Friend of the indigent Debtor. We might have sat a day longer
in Lancaster Castle, to hear all the evidence which was offered
to this effect.
" Our Inspection of the several Wards and Apartments allot-
ted to the Crown Prisoners, brought nothing to cur view that
was not creditable to the Gaoler and his Servants. The Yards,
Stair-case, and Cells were in a state which chewed the attention
of the Officers to the cleanliness, health, and reasonable com-
forts of the Criminals ; nor did the Prison exhibit such an ap-
pearance as led us to suspect that it had been swept and garnished
for the occasion, while the evidence went to show that it was
always in the state in which we foun4 it. the credit of the
Prisoners it ought also to be observed, that we uniformly found
among them a ready disposition to acknowledge this attention
to their wants, as already stated. Although we were quite
alone, and entirely out of the hearing of the Turnkeys, yet,
with a single slight exception, their answer to every enquiry re-
specting their treatment, war., " that they had nothing whatever
to complain of."
" In pursuance of our Commission we have stated the result
of our enquiry into the conduct and management of the Gaol
under these difficulties--we have stated, that in the Criminal
Wards, with one inconsiderable exception in the Females' Ward,
not a word of complaint was ever uttered; and with respect to
those complaints which were preferred to us by a few of the
Vtbtors, who appeared to be intimately connected with each
other, many, if not most of them, have been found upon exami-
nation to have been entirely destitute of foundation : some of
them having arisen from muses out of the Gaoler's power to re-
medy or remove, while those which have in part been made out,
cast no imputation upon pis probity, humanity, or fidelity. In
support, indeed, of the high character, which, during a service of
thirty years, he has acquired for those qualities, we have already
stated, that much more evidence was offered as ready to be given
than we deemed it necessary to receive."
That a Copy of those Resolutions be sent to all the Magistrates.
And that they be inserted in two London, and in all the Provin-
cial Papers. E. GOR ST, Deputy Clerk of the Peace.

LAWRENCE ON HORSES.-THIRD EDITION.

Just published, in Two large Volumes Octavo, with large Addi.
tions on the Improvement of the Horse, the Dangers of our
present Travelling System, the Merits of Lord Erskine's late
8111, &c. &c. price zel s. boards,
A PHILOSOPHICAL AND PRACTICAL
TREA'I'ISE on HORSES, and on the Moral Duties of
_ _

Man towards the Brute Creation Comprehending the Choice,
Management, Purchase, and Sale of every Description of the
Horse, the improved Method of Shoeing, Medical Prescriptions
and Surgical Treatment in all known Diseases.
By JOHN LAWRENCE.

Str Mr. Lawrence's Agricultural and Veterinary Works, com-
plete, form Five large Volumes Octavo, price .12. 15s. 6d. in
boards, and comprehend a body of useful practical knowledge
of every material object in the Culture of the Soil, Political Eco-
nomy, Veterinary Medicine, and the Management of Live Stock..
Printed for Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, Paternoster-row ;
sad Crosby and Co. Stationers-court.
Ot whom may be had, by the same Author,
In One large Vol. Bvo. price 12s. boards, a New Edition, being
the Fifth, with large Additions, containing a full practical Expo.
eltion of the Nature, Cause's, and Effects of Blight, Smut, Mil-
dew, and other Diseases of Corn ; with various useful Hints
on the most important branches of Husbandry, THE NEW
FAIWIER'S CALENDAR; or, Monthly Retnembrancer for all
Kinds of Country Business; comprehending all the material Im-
provements in the New Husbandry, with the Management
of Live Stock. Inscribed to the Farmers of Great Britain.—
Containing reflections on the existing State of our Agriculture, its
Merits and Defects, the real Causes and only effectual Remesly
• of Scarcity.

This day was' published,
Second Edition, embellished with two elegant Engrains,
price 4s. boards, of

ltirARY DE CLIFFORD ; a Story, interspersed
A.Vl.with many Poems. By Sir E. BRY DGE S, K. 1. M. P.
'• A production of unprecedented worth, written in the high
spirit of ancestorial dignity, and with an enthusiasm scarcely
mortal."—Vide Lyre of Love.

London : Primed for Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, 20, Pater-
noster-row.--Of whom may also be had,
2. Rousseau's Letters of an Italian Nun and an English Gen-
tleman. Filth Fdition, Se._6d.boards. .

•
" A slave to his own feelingA, he pourtrays every thing with
the greatest vivacity. On the subject of Love, therefore, we are
to expect many beautiful fights, and accordingly the whole of
the present volume is enriched by thern."—Literary Review.
3. William Tell, or Swisserland Delivered; a posthumous
Work of the-Chevalier de Fiction. To which is prefixed, a Life
•f the Author, by Jauffret. Translated from the French by W.
B. Hr.. etson, Author of the Blind Boy, the Fallen Minister, &c.
ss. boards.
4. Letters of Yorick and Eliza ; being the Correspondence be-
tween Mrs. Draper and Laurence Sterne. lo which is added, a
Sketch of their Lives, &e. This is the only edition, in which
Eliza's Letters are incorporated with those of Yorlck, Ss. 6d. bda.
5. Swiftlana, a Work relating to Dean Swift; consisting of
original Bun Mots, Apophthegms, Observations on Life and Li-
terature, Extracts trom his unpublished Letters, with Portraits
and Eac-Similes of Swift, Bolingbroke, Voltaire, and others his
contemporaries. In two elegant volumes, 10s. 6d. boards.
6. The Sorrows of Werter, translated from the German of
Baron Goethe, by Frederic C.otsberg, assisted by an Eoglish Li-
terary Genthnaan. A new Edition, illustrated by its elegant
Engravings, 3a. 6d. buss.

THE CLASSICAL JOURNAL. -
Just published, in Six. Vols. bda. Price £3..111... t%'
THE CLASSICAL JOURNAI.,,
-a- containing a variety of CLASSICAL, BIBLICAL, arid °WEL.
TAL LITERATURE; With many Katt& and valuable Tracts in-
terspersed.
rr No. Rill. just published April Ist. Pr. 61.
Sold by Sherwood, Neely, and Jones, Paternoster Row; Un-
derwood, Fleet Street ; Munday. Oxford; Deigbton, Cam-
bridge ; • and all other Booksellert.
Where also may be bad, published Monthly,

THE NEW REVIEW, or, MONTHLY ANALYSIS
of 'GENERAL LITERATURE. Containing an Analysis of
EVERY Book published.

Nos. I. 11. 111. and IV. Price 2s. 6d. each.
Also, No. I. of
THE PAMPHLETEER, Price 6s. 6d. Containing
the most popular Pamphlets of the day. Published occasionally.
••• Communications for the above Works to be sent to Mr•
A.l. VALPY, Tooke'a Court, Chancery Lane, London.

HELIGOLAND MAIL.
FURTHER IMPORTANT EXTRACTS.
PROCLAMATIONS.
To the Inhabitants of the Electorate of Hanover, the Prinii-
pality of Lauenbourg, the free Imperial Cities of Hamburgh,
Lubeck, and Bremen, and the Inhabitants of ]Munster;—to
the Inhabitants of the Duchies of Westphalia and Berg, the
Principality of East Friesland, the Mark and the Lordships
of Lingen and reelenburg, &c. &c.
" GERMAN FRIENDS

" We know what you were, and what you are become.—Ye
were Germans; but ye have been forced to become Frenchmen;
or, ye were free and happy citizens, and ye now bear those chains
to which the compassion of the whole world sees one of the most
civilized people of Europe debased. But, take courage ! strongly
has the justice of Gen shewn itself on the Banks of the Dnieper,
the Dwina, and the Berezina, and heavy has the sword of his
vengeance fallen on the head of your enemies, of the general
enemies of liberty, of the laws of nations, and of the Indepen-
dence of your Princes—the enemies of all social virtue.
" Heavily Injured German Friends!—The hour of your re-
demption draws nigh. Already does the van-guard of my corps,
now entering your territory, bring you my salute from Berlin.—
Bound in the closest alliance with Prussia, England, and his other
powerful Allies, Alexander, the 'Aerator, my virtuous Lord
and Emperor, sends me to you to break your chains, to restore
-to you your language, your ancient forms of Government, so
dear to you, and to restore you to yourselves. Irritated and Te-
-1 vengeful, that good fortune which bas been so much misused ►y
your oppressor, has suddenly turned her back on him ;—he has
lost an army of half a million of experienced warners;—he flay
still drive together some heaps of unhappy sacrifices to his ambi-
tion, but he will never again be able to raise a formidable army.
With a powerful hand has Russia torn away the bandage from
he eyes of natlona;—the magic which enchanted their senses is
dissolved. They have again begun to value themselves on their
own strength, and even that nation itself, equally unfortunate as
sensible, begins with blushes to feel that she ha:, been a blind in-
strument of the wild and insatiable ambition of a foreigner, in
carrying their own chains into countries which formerly received
the arts and sciences from her.

" Brave men of Germany !—Learn to comprehend, that it is
by your ownselves that ye are kept in chains—that to be free ye
do not stand in need of our assistance, but only of your own
energetics will Receive the valiant Russians as your friends,. as
your allies. Join yourselves to them and to the Prussians, your
brethren, your relations, who come with them in the nisbi_st and
most sacred cause for which an alliance was ever fOrmed. But
ye, ye few unworthy Germans, the despicable instruments of
expiring tyranny, tremble at the impending vengeance of Goo
and man. Whilst that I shall continue to treat every French war-
rior that falls into my hands according to the most liberal laws
of imprisonment in war, every German taken with arms in his
hands against his native country, shall, in the most distant Pro-
vinces of Russia, bewail his having ever drawn his sword against
his fellow-citizens. " Count VON WITTOLNSTLIN.

" Head-quarters, Berlin, 16th March, 1613."
" To the Inhabitants of the Duchy of Brunswick Welffenbuttle,
those parts of the Old Marche lying on the Left Bank of the
Elbe and Magdeburg, the Territories of Halle, Heldesheim,
the City of Gooier, the Lands of Halteerstadt, Hohenstein, the
Territory of Quedlinburg, the Counties of Mausfield, the Elch-
feldas of Treffurt, Mulhausen, and Nordhausen ; to the Inha-
bitants of the County of StoUberg, Wergenerode, the States of
Hesse Cassel, of Renhin and Schaumburg, the Territory of
KatzeneUenhagen, and Corny, Gottingen, and Grubehhagen ;
of Hohenstein and Elbingerode, the Bbhopricks of Osnaburg
and Paderborn, of Minden, Ravensberg, and the County of
Rletsberg Kaunitz.
" GERMAN FRIENDS

a Already have you too long obeyed a Foreiper, never called
to any Throne, who has no share in your interests, who has torn
from you your rightful Princes, that be might purchase a brain-
less vision for his horrid ambition, with the strength of your
country and the blood of your children. This insatiable ambi•
Non be fastened to the dreadful chain, which be calls Conscrip-
tioc, to drag away your sons and brothers, the hopeful flowers
of your country, to distant lands, where they miserably terminate
their lives in battles, in prisons, and in hospitals, venting impre-
cations on their cold-blooded Tyrants, and your weakness—lives

which belonged to their native country, and their families, and
which would have gladdened your days.
" Much injured German Friends ! Your despair of the bltter
tears of your mothers, wives, and brides, have become heavy in
the scale of Heaven. The victims of the most cruel tyranny,
which has passed your impoverished habitations, now filled with
misery, and which could only raise horror and pity, have in-
formed you of the severe vengeance which heavenly justice'
whose patience was at length wearied out, has taken on the banks
of the Dnieper. Receive by my advanced guards, now entering
your countries, my salute from Berlin—the hour of yourr deliver-
ance has struck:

" It is not the intent of the victorious Emperor, my gracious
Lord, to conquer your countries, but to gain your hurts, your
thanks, and the gratitude of your succeeding generations. Bound
in the closest alliance with Prussia, and his other powerful allies,
Alexander the Liberator sends me to you, to break your disgrace.
till fetters, to restore to you your lawful Princes, your native coun-
try, your language, laws, and customs, to free you from a foreign
superior, who (history has yet no example of such an unnatural
contempt of men) publicly and solemnly declares, that the first
duty which he exacts from the Regents he has given to the na-
tions conquered by him, belongs to him, the second to Prance,
and only the third to the people governed by them.

" Brave, brave, and generous Germans ! WiU you suffer me
alone to fulfil the honourable commission intrusted to me by my
mighty Emperor? or has your slavery not yet so far debased you,
but that you are still capable of feeling the emotions of revenge
against your shameful oppressors, and will, in junction with me.
reach the beautiful and appointed end in view ? The magic
description is destroyed. 1 he want of plan, of resolutiOn and in-
certitude in all their military movements, plainly spews you that
even the spirited kenGii Nana itself is gradually beginning • to

feel the dishonourable part, to wh:ch the most tlflnl slimpotbm
haa,isitherto unpunished, debased her; • •
" It must clearly appear to you, that you are ellaketby
-means of yourselves, and that it merely depends on the Man of
the teeing of your owe valour ; that It requielsionly Yolir own
strong win, even without oar assistance, to cease bible the was.
sale of a foreign despot.
" You, Prefects, and other Public Officers of the &ate i Will
ye assist the 'victorious efforts of your fellow-citizens in reclaim-
ing their most sacred rights; or will ye sink yourselves to be the
assistants of a now expiring tyranny ? In the latter can, do not
reckon on my protection against the just vengeance of the people.
I myself will some time place you and your assistants before the
Tribunal of the Nation you have so greatly injured.
_ _

" Given at Head-quarters, Berlin, March 16, 11116.
(Signed) " Guist VON Wzrreaut
HAMBURGH, MARCH es.
According to intelligence received, several ad-
vanced detachments of Cossacks have already crossed
the Elbe, at several places in the vicinity of Witten-
burg and Magdeburg, The effect of the Appeal to
the People in Pomerania is stated in the Konigsberg
Paper, as being equal to that in East Prussia-every
one flies to the standards of the Generals Von Bulow
and Von Borstal. The enthusiasm is general ; for
example : Rugenwalde alone (a small town) gives
eleven Yagers on horseback ; consequently almost
half as many as a very considerable good city in
France. The town of Stolpe has, in a few hours,
subscribed, in the first instance, 1000 dollars towards
the equipment of such volunteers as cannot afford its
atemselves, and granted a contribution of one hun-
dred dollars per month.'
The General and Director of Silesia has, in patti.
cular, solemnly called on the Nobility and proprie-
tors of estates in that country, to offer their blood
and property at this present crisis, when the indepen-
dence of the state is threatened, for their King and
Country, aad to exert their utmost powers to second
the real paternal views of his Majesty the. King.
BRESLAU, MARCH 13.
Some weeks ago, the report, so pleasing to the in I
habitants of Breslau, was spread, that our city would
have the happiness of seeing his Majesty, the beloved
of all, Alexander Emperor of Russia, within her
walls. This day was at length the long-wished-for
happy day, on which his Majesty the Emperor of all
the Russias made his solemn entry into this city, at
about six o'clock in the evening, accompanied by
their Excellencies the High Court Marshal, Count
Tolstey. the Minister at War, Araktscliejeff, the Mi-
nister, Count Nessetrode, the Minister of Police, Balk-
lescheseff, and several Adjutants, amongst the j, yful
shouts and continued hurrahs of the military and the
inhabitants, and with a salute of 101 pieces of artil- '
lery, and ringing all the bells.
His Majesty the King had deputed to welcome his
Imperial Guest, his Excellency Lieutenant-General
Von Kleist, and Colonel his Highness the Prince de
Biron, as likewise Messieurs the Chief of the Govern-
meat, and President Mirckel, and the Councillor of
Government, Von Kracker, the latter of whom was
commissioned to provide for the travelling matters.
A Deputation of the Superior Clergy, and of the es-
tates of Silesia, likewise accompanied them beyond
the Silesian borders. The Chief President, Mirckel,
and Lord Commissioner Count Bethury, each ex-
pressed in a speech, their joys and hopes on his Ma-
jesty's arrival; to which his Imperial Majesty replied
in a most gracious manner, and expressed his friendly
sentiments towards our most gracious King. In all
towns and villages through which his Majesty the
Emperor passed, he was received with the loudest
acclamations, and with ringing the bells.
His Majesty the King, with his Royal Highness the
Crown Prince, and the other Royal Princes, went in
carriages to meet their Imperial Guests, as tar as
Oels, nine German miles from this place. At half
a mile from that place both the Monarchs and taint
suites mounted on horseback, and rode through a tine
of military drawn up on each side, to the Royal Pa.
lace in the city, where his Imperial Majesty, the
Emperor, was received by the Royal General Field
Marshal Count Von Kalkreuth, who accompanied
his Majesty to the Palace, where the Nobility of these
parts and all the Authorities, were assembled to pay
their court to him. His Majesty the Emperor wore.
the insignia of the Order of the Black Eagle, and his
Majesty the King those of the Order of St. Andrew.
The whole formed a most imposing view, which was
favoured by the very fine weather. The mildness
and affability of the Emperor won all hearts, and
emotion and joy were visible in every face. In the
evening the city was voluntarily illuminated. Both
their Majesties and the whole of the Royal Family,'
were pleased to honour a tea party and dance given
by his Excellency the General Field Marshal, Count
Von Kalkreuth.

PARLUMEhTARr PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, APRIL 7.

Lords EIBLINTON and CALIDON took the oaths and their seats.
The Artificers' Wages, and Felons' fransportation Bills, were
committed.

The West Middlesex Water-works Bill, and others, were
brought from the Commons, sod read a first time.
The Duke of NORFOLK presented a Petition from John
Hodsoo, a broker in the City, pra)ing that his rights, and those
of otters concerned in the India tea tales, might be continued.
Lord LIVERPOOL preseuted a Petition from certain Ship-
weights against granting British registry to India ships.
The Duke of ATHOL presented a Petition trom the Society
for propagating Christian Knowledge, praying for liberty to pro-
pagate tte Gospel in India.
These Petitions were laid on the table.

The Curates' Bill was committed, and some amendments were
made. Report to-morrow.
The Duke of NORFOLK asked, whether the Curates allow-
ance would be liable to sequestration by creditors ?
The LORD CHANCELLOR answered, that it would net ;
and that in the cases where the Curate received the whole, the
Incumbent's creditors would be without remedy.
Lord DARNLEY moved for another paper relative to the
state of the shipping on the American coast ; and, in answer to
a question from Lord felexvit.r.s, stated, that he did not think
he should call for further papers ; and that ha would, before
the recess, fix some day after it for bringing forward lus motion.
—Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The House wept into a Committee on the Bermuda Trade,
after which lave was given to bring in a Bill on the subjxt.
The Scotch Creditor* Bill went through a Conitniuee, after a
few words from Mr. As eacaosellr recommending that it should
be considered with attention, and not be hurried through the
House.

On the motion of the LORD ADVOCATR Of SCOTLAND, the
Bill was ordered to be printed, and to be taken into further con-
sideration this day three weeks.
The Highway Bill was read a second time, and referred to a
select Committee.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUFR said. that as a
great difference of %Anion prevalkd among commercial men u
to the elect of the proposed duty oo cotton, he should withdraw

'that, nteasura till after the holidays, that he might have an or:.
poetunity of further advice on this matter.
Lord STANLEY was pleased to hear this notice from the
Right Hon. Gentleman, as he had been instructed by his constl.
tuents to make enquiries on the subject.
Mr. CANNING hoped, that if the Right Hon. Geutlern,.r
should ever again be induced to bring forward this measure. t
would be as much in the shape of a prohibition, and as little Ilse
• Duty Bill, as possible.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained leave
to bring in a Bill to -*sable the Commissioners of the Treasury
to issue Exchequer BIM in supply.
The Irish Butter Bill was read a second time, and ordered to
be committed on Friday neat.
Mr. LUSHINGTON brought tip the Report of the Exchequer
Funding Bills Bill.. The consideration of it was postponed till
Monday next.
The CHANCELLOR of the EX CI lEQURR moved, that the
National Debt Bill be read a third tame.

Mr. BARING said, that many Gentkmen who intended to
speak on this question were not now in the House, on the ezpec-
' ration that the East India Committee would occupy the usual
time, and come on first according to agreement.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER observed, tbst
u no opposition was made last night on the report, be conceived
'that none would have been made in the present stage.•
Mr. TIERNEY said, that he had declared Isis sentimentisut-
tient!), on this measure. policy of it was very ilispurabk,
but might be debated when the future Hills on this subject ',mold
come before the House. He intended to have opposed it last.
night, hut happened to be out of the House when the kcpL-•
was brought up. There certainly was a general unders:acJing,
that it would not come on till after the East India Committee.

I.nrd A. HAMILTON followed to the same effect.

Mr. PONSONBY said, he knew several Members who
tended to speak, and would have been now In the House, U they
had expected that the East•lndia business vrotJa have been post;
poned.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, be had no
objection to postpone.his motion ti:l ither the East-India Com-
mittee, on an understandt-g that it would be debated.
Mr. TIERNEY made an observaitin, that the Civil List had
exceeded, this year, the estimate by di 30,000 :--by Act or Par-
liament such an excess ought to have been communicated to the
House.

The CHANCEI.I UR of the EXCHEQUER acknowledged
the excess, and said some communication would be made abet
the holidays.

The House then went into Commi•tee on the East India Af-
fairs: when Sir loan MALCOLSI was called in, and examined as
to the native population of Calcutta, which he stated from report
to be between 400,000 and 600,000: of Madras he could say
nothing: Bombay was not inferior to Calcutta. He did not dunk
the Persian% had any invincible prejudices option the kurodites
don of European articles: they bad been very solicitous to pro.
cure cannon and Ere-arms, and the Nobin seemed fond of our
pistols, hut they never appeared anxious to have them on other
terms than that of paying nothing for them —tAkte).—Brendi
and wine were forbidden by the Mahouimedan rehgion ; he had
never beard of their importation into Persia, and had reasor
to believe that their admission would be objected to. Woo!.
lens had been introduced pretty generally into Persia. In an•
swering to a question put by Mr. Timm moat as to increasing
the knowledge of the natives of India, be observed, that the in-
cre.ise of the knowledge of the natives would certainly add to
the comforts of their own situation; but with respect to the
political interests of the Company, he thought ft would be best
to keep them as nearly as possible in their present state. The
best way to secure the attachment of the natives to the British
Government would be to govern them with fluidness, moderations
and justice. The lower cisases were kept under by the severe
regulations of the Government, And by the Courts of Justice.—
There were many of the inferior States in India, with whom the
British Government bad no treaties—of these he had Bulger no
knowledge; but with those States of superior order, with whom
we bad treaties, such as the Nizam of the Dean, the Rajah of
Mysore, the Pesbwa, Scindia, &c. Le was well acquainted; they
bad great meant of rebellion in their power, it they were so in-
clined; be could not consider them us dependents on the British.
Government. It such an improvement were made in the situa-
tion of the natives as to make them wealthy, no doubt they might
be tempted to purchase such of our manufactures as would add
to their comfort and convenience ; tut such, and indeed all, im-
provemezes mast be slow and gradual, and could only be effectu-
ally eltablished by a long continuance of peace. He thought any
very great increase of Europeans in India %%mild tend to lessen
the respect which the natives at present entertained of the British
character and Government, and would, to a certain degree, be
an evil.
Ho 'other Member wishing to put any further questions, Sit
John Malcolm was informed he aught withdraw, which be did.
The cHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then moved,
that the Chairman report progress. Ihe Huller being resumed,
he did so, and obtained leave to at again to-morrow.
