zdtpr 211.111 r PlatIRA& BALES BY KUC'IIONo
4.11.0..... A .m.....
A melancholy and fatal aCe..4lent occurred oft 811" LINEN AND WOOLLEN DRAPERY, GLASS. CHINA,
tnrday evening last to Lady MARY eitzamtaLni et . TABLE
BSERVE SOLD IP/ AUCTION,
a quarter past nine o'clock. Her maid left her to . BY MIL MOAT
At the City 5, Chen tie this Day,and eve' ,
get her supper ; she had just began when the bell Marc,,
and Psi , l Day ti,
the neat insist
rung, and she heard a violent scream ; she immedi. rriFIE STOCKS of several 'Linen abd Woollet.
AL Drapers, . Jewellers, Cutlers, China and Glas4 wen, &c.
ately ran up stairs, and when she got to the hall saw
a great light on the stair-case. It instatrly struck declining Business, hen er miscellaneous Property in distre,.,
ocour oitejwiseaunder
tessity of tommandiog immediate sale
her that erl Ladyship was on fire ; and she accor-
Curds, Table Lle'st ,
mEntts.ndirilluelpet
linens,
Cs lotsil:serli %ere. Imatwreiss:
dingly called to two male servants who happened to
be in the house, who took up the hall mat, ran into Hose, Carpets, Rugs, &e. Sc.:. • together with several Lots of
the drawing-room, and found her Ladyships clothes Gold Seals, Chains, Keys, Rit'ip, and Broaches; Knives and
all in &tales. They Tut the mat round her, but it Forks; Plated Cruets, Liqueurs, ands,
petunia Stands; rand
all
not the desired effect ; they then got water and *c.°Pes.letubTero ands,
QuadrantalletsChsinatisTleaateld Desert Ur-
extinguished the fire. Her Ladyship was quite' senSible As the business of the City Mart is *Lolly conducted by Mr.
Ihe'whole time, as she frequently called for more MOAT, sole Proyrieter of the Premises, with the striate. etch.
water. 'rile was put to bed and lingered in great tion to integrity and respectability ;as be will not receive any
pain till half past sir o'clock yesterday morning, when Goods for Sale but what are guaranteed by the Owners to the
Public as to their soundneis and perfectability; and as be is al-
she ex;)iicd. Her Ladyship was in her 90th year, but ways on the spot to answer and rectify any errors or objection&
very strong and active for her age. She was aunt to Fanxilles,young Housekeepers, Visitors front the country, Tavern-
the present Duchess of DEvoastufte, to the Countess keepers, Captains of Ships, Sts. &e. (tor whose aceononodatieu
ot LivEuroot, Earl of Bats Tot., Earl • MULtlitava, the Goods are put up In smell Lots), kind great interest in attend-
ing these daily saleA of est..blislied confidence, where they meet
Honourable General timers, and Honourable Au- with almost every article in gei.erai request.
GUSTUS rHIPPS. The Good' are on vi, w at eight I.' clock in the morning, and
are open to the iii-pt ction of the. Public during the whole tit the
Sale, which commences at eleven o'clock: and, fur the cee.se
'doom of those who cannot leave their busittees in the day tune.
lgAin in the evening it seven t.'olock.
Cittalf)VC4 [Ube had of I.r. Mnat,6'

UNIVERsnr lATELLIGENCE.

I, Che3psiae.

CAMBRIDGE, MARCI-1
Rev. Mr. Clarke, of Twyford,stear Winchester, is chosen wo-
of the Fellows of Winchester College, in the room of v.
Charles Blackstone, deceased; the Rev. R. Fawcett, M. A. Co
sine of Arinley, elected Vicar of Leeds. lhere were five Ciil•
dictates.

TO BE $01.1) 1W AIIi.TION,
By Mr. NEEDHAM,
At the City Auction Mart, No. us, Clwatiside, on TISURSDAY,
I' n.tr, and SAIL:4I)AV neat, the Liih, 14th, and of
April, 1815,
E FOLLOWING GENUINE STOCK
_I. WINES, which must be Sold by virtue of au Assignment
for that ptirpo,c made.
N. B. Hie Wiees may be shipped or sent in Hampers to any
part of the country with the greattst safety.
189 Dozen fine old Slit•rry, 1' years in wood.
240 Do. good Dry Liston, Vintage 18104
282 Do. West IndiJ Madeira.
352 Do. Crusted Port, fuer years but lA.
298 Ito. Draft Ditto, 5 years in the Docks, bottled two months.
W th a few Lots of Coustantia and I.ront4nac, in Pints.
The whole will be lotted in two, three, and four dozen each.
Catalogues will he ready for slavery, amid the Samples may be
tasted on the hlurnitig of Sale.
WINES IN TOt DOCKS.
el Pipes of Port of the Vintage of 1810, 1811, and 1812.
16 Pipes of Madeira.
T Butts of Sherry
8 Quai ter Casks of fine Cape Constantia
Hogsheads of Lisbon, and
6 Vipes fine Teurseriffe
Samples of the above Wines may he had of the Auctioneer in
the INeKt week, and any part of the whole treated war with Mr.
Needham. by Private Contract, by zsrder of the Assirees.
IL NEEDHAM, Broker and Auctioneer. 89. Cheat

OXFORD, APRIL R.
Mt. Hampden, of Oriel college. and Mr. Arnold, of Corpus
Christi college. Lave Levu clecte ! Fellows of Oriel college
Friday. March 3! , Mr. Charles Henry Riddiuz was admitted
Scholar ot New college.
Rev. John Lowt:. kin. of Lincoln college, in this Univer-ity,
has been presented to the rectory of Ardley, in this county, by
his Grace chi Duke of Marlborough
Wednesday, the first day of I..a.ter Term, the followieg Gen-
tlemen weve admitted to degrees ;
Masters of Arts—Rev. Spenc"r Rodney Drummond, of Christ
Church, grand compounder; Rev. Andrew lirandrani, of oriel
college, grand coMpeunder ; Mr. William Sollis. of Peinliroke
college • Mr. Whitens Dolby, of Exeter colege.; Rev. lieury
Jeremiah Hale, and Rev. John Jones, of Christ Church ; Mr
Fetter Winch, awl Mr. William Crawley Bunt, of third toi-
ler; Rev. John lours, of Jesus college; Rev. William Davison,
of Lincoln college; kev. Robert \Wan, and Rey. Henry
Parish, of St. FAltunnd hall.
Bachelors of Arts—Mr. Charles Edmund Keene, of All Souls
college; Mr. Cornelius Ives, of Exeter college; Mr. Francis
Oottwaltz, ut Worcester eulitge.
in Convocation, iu the atteruoon of the same day, the Rev.
Frantis Rowden, st.A. Fellow of Merton college, and the Rev.
Rithard Steph.ns M.A. Fellow of Brazen Nose college, were
admitted Proctors; and Ttontas Dunbar, Erq. M A tit
Brazen Nose coll. ge, Rev. John ltaelchffe, M.A. Vice-Priocipel
of St Mary hall, Rev. Arthur Matthews, M.A. Fe loot of
Brazen Nose colt. ge, and Itcv. C'.aules loose, M.A. Fellow of
Lincoln college, were nominated Pro proctors.
'1 hurmlay, the Rev. William Aldrich, MA. Fellow of Mag-
dalen college, was admitted Bac::elor in!!Molly; and Mr.
Cftristoplier Erie, B.A. Fellow of New college. was admitted
Master of Ans.
he Marquis of Lothian has ap. ointed the Rev. John Dash.
wood, of Uownton. Hants, anti late of Gonville and Cans
Cambridge, to be his,l.ordship'e chaplain.

FOR COUGHS, HOARaFNESSES, Ste,
As R. GREENOUGH'S PECTORAL LO.
1. ZANGES a Tow, the great deatan4 for which, after
upwards of fifty years trial, proves them a surerlor remedy for
.dt Ceaglis, Hoarsenesses, Sure Throats, Asthmatic and Cow-
sumptive Complaints. The genuine only have R. HArwano
pritated on the stamp, by whom they are prepared, as suecesbor
to T. Greenwich, the Inventor.
Sold in boxes, et Is. I i d. each, by his oppo'ntment by F. New-
bery and Stois, Sr. fault Church-y.lra ; Sutton and Co. Bow
Cliurch-yard; Bayley and Co. Corkspui-terse• ; Nix, Royal 1... x.
cli:lnge ; IV.trel, 314, l lolbarii ; C1ar1:,269, 15,,rougli; Sanger, 150,
t ,l.)xli.rd-Ntreet ; ! .I.itclay aid sort', Fleetintrket ; biake, A, PIC.
.:3(1111y ; atid else Vender. cif Gentia.;.: Medie:nes.
Where sii.a may be bad, Mr. Orvenoi..h's celebrated Tine
tn--, for .err. .. rvo.., •!41:$;toki.)t andhltions, :risk curios the TOutb-
.e'l, HI rtilai 4,1 I)..ttici at $!.. Sig. caell.
_ -.....

It must be gratifying to the country to hear, tha:
Dr. Cowen, t 4 1.). with a Society of entinont Stn.
genus, of thirty years experience in Strictures. De
bility , 4.c. have established a blciiical t Board Ito
,4
wnum alt cases are reterred ) at Charlotte-hiatse,s.evat
Charlotte-street, opposite !OWL SAD lill.L'i Chart,
Blackftiar's4oad, Lhndon ; where the pubic are re-
lieved from the most daugenius diseases without con-
finement. The lnstituti.nt cl kilns the :mention of
those who may have attempted the cure of themselves,
or who have been so blind and unfortunau as to
consult men ignorant of se important a branch of
the profession, whose improper treatment has mer- '
curialized thousands, and brought many to an un-
timely end; eruptions on the head, face, and body,sore
eyes, throat,mouth, and nose, vet tigos noise intheearss
deafness. dimness of sight, often coding in blindness ;
strictures,pains in the head and limbs, frequently mis
taken for rheumatism ;extreme weakness in the knees,
swelled ankles, with a general debility, &c. are only a
few of the dreadful symptoms which frequentlyappear '
years after, and too often embitter the matrimonial
gate. Messrs. COOPER and Co. ate consulted daily by
all ranks of people, from eight till ten. or by letter, in-
closing a fee (for ne others are answered), stating
their case, wheu medicine and the best advice is sent
to all parts of the kingdom. They also cure the
piles and fistula, without burning or cutting, and
give advice gratis, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sun-
day mornings, till twelve o'clock. •

CHI Is WORM I.OZENGF.3.

WORMS art. allowed to be the trtq frequent
swirees of Itarriut4east,,:—Their Synaptor..s
every Paretic should be *doubled with. They occi.stsin low
of arpetee, a paleness of the face. emaeattor. and att irre-
gular state of the bowels, atten.!ed with violent ;rains; they
bring on convulsions, affect the growth of the body, and often
prove fatal, by ending in a consumption or decay. Both as a
preventative and cure for these alarming complaints. the abuve
excellent Medicine universally allowed, sin the teothrony of the
highest charact'rs in this country, to Live no espial. Their
public approbation. given to the Proirietor, front a personal
knowledge of its efficacy In their own famtlieo, stamps its meth
beyond competition, and gives a sanction to it which no other
Medicine of the kind can boast.
Prom the Him. and Right Rev. the I.otei Bishop of CARLISLE,
To Mr. Cits NG, Apothecary, Cletapside. London.
Ste-1 readily embrace the opportunity your letter affords ate,
of adding my testinumy to that of the Lord Chief Baron, its favour
of your Ching's Patent Worm Lozenges, my eldest sun having a
few moults ago derived very nun. net Levin from the use of it.
tie hail been intweJ for several wesy previous to his taking it,
appeared pate and emaciated, languid. and complained ire-
quently of pains in his head and side. The Lord Chief Same,
who had accidently seen him in this state, fortunately recom-
mended me to the trial of your Lozenges; and that no time
might be lust, or Ally occur, in obtaining the ge
twine Medicine, sent me dime doses of it. The first us these
oecasioned a visible amendment, and after the second dose
every umileasant o.roptiess disappeared, but I judged it right
to give le third, as the two formte had agreed so uncono
monly well. From that tune my eon hasheen In perfect health
and 1 certainly attribute his cure wholly to the efficacy of the
Wenn Lozenges. I have since recommended your I.ozenges in
several Instances, wherein I have the satisfaction to assure you,
they have mate ally been of great service, I ought so add, that
two the nature of the deer produced by them hi my sons case,
1 apprehend the eomplaints to have arisen from an obstruction
between the stomach and visceta. I am, Ste.
Ruse Castle, Dec 7. E. CARI.ISI.B.
Bold at Mr. Hyatt's, N 0.4, Cheepslde, corset of St. Paul's,
London, and most Comm Medicine launders hi every Town,
in boles et es cei end ss. Rd. each.

TO .THoutits. TAYLOR., Wier
•
IBE.r; leave to inform Tort:, atat ever since the yea:
1790,1 had been afiikted with the I.ues Venerea, which from
its obstinately resisting every course of medicine prescribed by the
most eminent of the faculty here, and undergoieg several severe
courses of salivation and twice discharged from the liose it al, w,41
little relief, would appear to be of the most inveterate nateire. lr
er
the spring of last year my disors had got to such a lifad, as
nearly to put a period to my exletence. In this state, I *, as at
commended by Mr. I. Thompson, (who received so great a curt
by them here,) to take your Leake's Patent Pills,wl.lch I begat ,
to do on the 16th May ; in the course of a fortnigle I began tt
receive benefit. Jo little more than a month I became, b)
your liberal advice and niedielne, perfectly free from my for. ,
user complaints, have recovered my former spirits and strength,
and am become Jolly and tat, in which :tats having continued
Many months to the astonishment of ail who knew me, I are
at a loss In what terms to express my gratitude, but beg you foi
the rood of other suffering mortals, to make tuts my case at
public as possible, as I shall on every occasion--in so doing yin
will greatly oblige, Sir, your grateful obedient very hunti•le set
rant. ALEX. MURKER.
Swan's Close, High-street, Edinburgh.
Prepared and mid by the sole Proprietor, Thomas Taylor,
Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in London, at his house
N 0.9, New Bridge-street.
They are also sold by his appointment, at the Perfumer's, No
15, St. Afban's-street, Pall Mall ; the Toy-shop, No. KM, Os
ford-street • Mr. Disborough's, N 0.7, Fish-street-hill, nearlyop
poste the Monument; and by one person in every considerabl
town in England, Icc.in boxes only Qs. 9d. each, sealed up.wit.
• full and plain directions, whereby persons of either sex may cur
themselves with ease and stereev.

N.B. Every Boa soldin Or Britain is sealed up with a cam)
which, by favourof the Commissioners, is printed at the Si amp-
Office, ' T. 'faylor, )119. p. New itildge.strott:
