EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM CADIZ, DATED NOV. 21.

lo6s of

64 The 12th cf this month the ship Asia sailed
from this harbour for Vera Cruz. with the expedition
so often announced, consisting of 1300 men, fitted
out by the met c`iants here, among whom a subscrip-
tion was made, amounting to 400,000 Durns ; and it
is worthy of notice, that while this was collecting the
army of the Isle of Leon had passed three days almost
without food. The English have suffered it to de-
part without interrupt►on, contrary to what was ex-
pected, and contrary, as some think, to-their own sys-
tem of conciliation.

I am unable to comprehend this inactivity, and
am at a loss to reconcile it with the desire manifested
by the Bi itish Ministry, when they proffered their me
diation with respect to Buenos Ayres and the CarelC•
cas, that all differences should be amicably adjusted ;
because, if the Cortes felt then such repugnance to
accede to this offer, how can it be supposed that at
present they would send troops to Mexico with conci-1
Bator/ views ? Any observations on this subject
would be superfluous, It is admitted that the pre-
sent system respecting America is worse than that of •
Charles IV. and Godoy. They at least were not
guilty of mischief solely from the love of it ; and I
cannot perceive .any other object in this measure than
to accomplish the destruction of a country, which,
either from imprudence yr injWitite, is lost irrecover-
ably ; for to imagine that with 1'2,00 men the recon-
quest New Spain can be aceymplished, would be
to suppose the inhabitants as imbecile ;:s the vassals
of Montezuma, and condemned by PROVIDY-NC:k; to

perpetual slavery.
. fi'he blood of more than 100,000 victims, sacri-
aced to the pride and- t) runny of their oppressors, has
;Mule them know the value of liberty, and taught
them, that, in their present circumstances, it is neces-
sary to draw the sword, and to throw away the scab-
bard, until they conquer or fall. The conspiracy
that has failed to-day may succeed to-mon-ow, and
the present failure pave the way for future success.—
Ventgas has just escaped from the 4:11, which was to
have bc:u carried into execution on the 3d of Au-
gust. It was composed of advocates, respectable
ecclesiastics, and some literary chaiactcrs. Three
of the conspirators were executed on the (Rh, and
many olio s w.,re to suffer on the folios% ing day ;-
300 were sent to the Castle of St. Juan de Vlua, a

fate wose than death, as life is prolonged at: the
ezpcnce of the greatest sufferings, The procla-
. rnations published on this subject by Venegas are the
studied productions of tyranny, as they give to the
character of an oppressor the sensibility and innocence
of a lamb,

" It may excite wonder that the Mexican Nobles
have been engaged in none of these conspiracies, and 1
it may Le ascribed perhaps to their attachment to the
party of the oppressors. This, however, is not the
case. The true cause is, that as almost all the Spa-'
nish Nobility have been educated in the principles of
arbitrary goVernment, they reverence and dread the
lash of despotic power. Unthinking linen ! they are
not aware that the roornent they .would de.:lare them,
szhiCs, would be that of the ruin of Venegas, 4.1L1 the
puithlimeut of his accomplices. Their inactivity must
draw upon them the resentment of those who com-
bat for indepentienc.c, and whose triumph may thus,
perhaps, be augme!Lted by their spoils.
It, es, un4oubteca, , never ha; the American cause
been s.' promising as within these last few days. Ce-
' nefal It ay nn, whQ had routed a body of WOO men,
under the command of .La Torre, only four of whom
escaped, was fortifying himself at Zitaquaro, thirty
leagues from Meijer); when ),e was attacked. by a
body of 600, men, comt naglieti by Cialonel Emm.
rani tl;,:se wv.e repulsed :and put to flight, with the

::. ,

heir artillery, baggage; and ammtmitibn, and
I by Rayon as tar as Voluca, within fourteen
agues of Mexico.
.6 The American General Marlon dispersed with
a division of his army, a body commanded by Lieu-
tenant Colonel Fuentes, at Yxtea, with the loss of 100
men.

A numerous body of " rebtrls," (thisis the name
given them by their oppressors) attacked the town of
Valladolid, consisting of 2500 inhabitants, and it ap-
pens that Tilt, illo,,the Governor, made a vigorous
resistance foLtpace of three days. Though the
Viceroy's G says that he was victorious, the
contrary is evident from the narrative itself ; and it
is also reported that the insurgents entered the city
and put Trurillo to death. Whatever may be in this,
it is certain that they have there a respectable force.
At the same time, a party from the army of General
Villagran have routed a small body of troops belong-
ing to the Viceroy of Yamighilpan.
66 Miranda, the proprietor of Piedras Negrero and
Lieutenant-Colonel Panes, Commander of the Lan-
cers of Vera Cruz, keep possession of the road from
that port to Puebla Agriel with 3000 insurgents, and
I the former, with four companies and some infant, y,
with which he embraced the party of the insurrec-
tion, has routed a body of 700 men belonging to the
Viceroy.
o With respect to Cadiz, the system of severity is
pursued against the American Spaniards. None can
procure passports even for peaceable countries ; all
are watched, and many are ill-treated and seized.—
This is that paternal affection by which this Govern-
ment seeks to allure Spanish America under its gentle
yoke.—Saguntum has fallen, and by the arrival of a
vessel from Alicant, the same is reported of Valencia,
and Spain sends troops to tranquillize America !
Marra, cam triplum."

[ilk 101k,\ 116 STAR.

LONDON. •

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
3 per Ct. Cons. for money shut—Ditto for opg. 631
3 per Ct. Reduced tit H-4 per Cent. 781 i
Navy 5 per Ct. shut—Uondsl4e.2se. pr.—Otunitnn 1 dis.
Exch. Bilis (3d.) per 2s. dis.—Ditto (30.) Us. to Ls. pre.

Advice: have beenTeerived from Buenos Ayres to
the 28th September, and from Captain HEYWOOD, of
the REMELTS frigate, at Monte Video, to the follow.
ing ptirpant

A disposition having been manifested on the part
of Governor ELio to endeavour again to come to au
accommodation with the Junta of Buenos Ayres,
Commissioners, were put on board the NERECS, who
were conducted by Captain HEYWOOD to the harbour
of Monte Video. On their arrival, a point of etiquette
had nearly interrupted all communication. The Corn-
missioners insisted that the compliment of the first I
visit should be paid by Lao on board the British fri-
gate, to which ceremony the latter refined to conde-
ecend, until the inhabitants of oloitte Video rose in a
body, and positively declared, that if their Governor
did not comply, the 7000 Porttwtiese troops which
were approaching their ten it, ry should be destroyed.
and he himself should become the s ecrifice of his own
obduracy and folly. Thus pressed and threatened
by his own adherents, ELto submitted to the necessity
of his situation, and the first interview was held on
board Captain Harvoon's ship. This difficulty being
removed, the Commissioners suLseqitently landed,
and, after prolix and reiterate:: discussions, a sort of
Federal Government was arranged, the effect of
which is expected to be to re-establish peace between
the districts on the opposite shores and La Plata, and
to enable commerce to be resumed under its former
advantages.

In consequence of this negociation, the blockade of
Buenos Ayres had been raised, and Admiral Dst
COURCY had quitted the River Plate, under the per-
suasion that. his presence was no longer required.
During the transactions to which we have referred
it appears by private advices, that matters at Buenos
Ayres were not in a perfect state of repose. SAAVE.•
DRA, the President of the Junta, and JOAQUIN! CANI•
PANA, the Secretary, &tiler resigned, or were other-
wise removed ; and by the latest intelligence were pro-
ceeding to the interior of the country. As these per-
sons were of the moderate party, it is presumed that
the friends of the late M. MORENO, and others of the
more violent faction, have now obtained the ascen-
dancy,

Letters have been received from Corunna to the
2d instant. The doubt as to the appearance of the
French in Asturias is completely removed ; their ar-
rival in Gijon on the 7th, to the number of 3000 men,
was known in Corunna on the I'*th November, and
the latest letters now obtained, state, that they still
continued in the occupation of the place. A report
also prevailed, that the. enemy had entered Oviedo,
but the fact was not ascertained. It was supposed
that PORLIEIt, finding himself inadequate to meet the
troops poured into Asturias, had Callen bask behind
the mountains in the vicinity of Fortes, which is si-
mated about 15 leagues from Santander.
The Army of General ADAM, notwithstanding
his unremitting exertions, was destitute not only tit'
many essential articles of clothirig, but almost of the
means of subsistence ; and the consequence is stated to
be, an irregularity and disorganization, under which
it can no longer be considered as an effective force.

Private accounts from Isladrid state, that a private
Council of the Ministers h.!cl been lately held, and
another composed of JOSEPH, JOURDAN, and DouL-
TANNF.. These meetings took place in consequence
of intelligence from Guadalaiaza, that D. JUAN MAR-
IV; the Ernrecinado, was at Siguenza, and that he

nas marching towards the city by the road of Torija
and Brihuega. From the latter the garrison had been
withdrawn to Guaddasera, where it was strengthened
by 250 men from Aleala. Precautions were taken to
collect the wheat and other moveable property which
was in the neighbourhood of Tar.incon, the Guerilla
parties approaching that place in great strength. The
Prefect of I'oltdo had stated the deficiency of h..
means for the support of his troops, and the reduction
of the fiirez was occasioned by the number of sick in
the division of General For.
The regiment of Juramentadoes, No. 2, had arriveJ
at Madrid from Toledo, accompanied by '2OO infer •

try and 100 dragoons, which immediately left the
city for Legants. Between 900 and 1000 men bad
reached the capital from Old Cactille. It was under.
stood that a convoy would proceed to Burgos with
about 4000 sick and wounded.
About 3000 men under Danu.scxAc had advanced
towards Cuenca to reinfoace ,Some troops
had also marcheetrfur the same purpose from Na; sot re
by Arragon. Even from Valladolid troops had pro-
ceeded by the Rioga to Arragon ; and the Ministers
of JOSEPH had publicly declared, that the conquest of
Valencia was the paramount object, to which every
thing should be s tcrificed and that it could only be
accomplished by weakening the forces under Don-
' SENNE, stationed on the opposite frontier of the country.
Accounts from Gibraltar, to the 21st ultimo, state
that a boat had just arrived there from Vila 'rosy. in
five days, with intelligence of the failure of tlireedif-
ferent attempti made by &THEE to obtain possession
of Valencia. It was added, that great mortality had
taken place in the French army, to which thousands
bad fallen viet.m. We are inclined to believe t 1,..
latter part of ths infia-mation ; but tae do not.plar,c
much reliance on the (ccouot of the failure in the at-
tacks, as thae are other letters brought by the s tu.e
conveyance, dated Alicant, the 15th ultimo, %flitch
mention, that, up to the 11th inclusive, no attack had
been made on the city of Valentin, but that every
preparation was Making by Seen nr for drat purpose.
The enemy were at that time busily employed in
bringing up a large quantity of cannon an i planting ,
them before the city. The threat of refus:ng quarter
had been held out, to intimidate the garrison and in,
habitants ; but it had not produced the slightest eflect
on the undaunted spirit of the Spaniards, who ap.
peared to be confident in their strength.
It is stated, that it will require twice as great a
force as Svelter has under his command to make a:.f
serious impression on the place. It was, bowe‘t
reported, that 10,000 men were advancing to -o•
sistance, who had been detached fran the army 1/4f
MARSIONT. The amount of the Spanish force witL
the walls of Valencia is estimated at 26,000,includirg
4000 militia.
We learn, that the fever at Alicant had not prc.
vaned to any fatal extent. Mess of the inhabitants
who had deserted the place on Its first appearance,
had returned to their homes ; and the alarm which
had been created had nearly subsided. The fortifica-
tions of Alicant were putting into a thcrough state of
repair, and the old lines bad In extended con;
derably.

His Rearm continues in chasms state.
The PIUNCt REGENT on Tuesday twining, look a
warm bath, from which he taucd so much benefit,
that yesterday his Royal Highness was able snot only
to set his foot on ground, but to walk up and dawn
stairs at York-House, with the aid only of a stick.—
His Royal Highness transacted business with the
principal Ministers yesterday from one till near three
o'clock. Great numbers of the Nobility, and other
persons of distinction, left their names yesterday at
York-Hour.

Yesterday the flukes of-CLARENCE and CASISRLUG.I
paid their respects to the PRisca: REuk...sr.
Yesterday, at half-past two o'clock, a Cabinet
Council was held at the Foreign Office, which cone
tinned sitting until half-past five, and was attended
by all the Cabinet Ministers.
The Duchess of Yonx gave a most superb ball and
supper on Monday night, at the Star and Garter,
Richmond, to an assembly of more than ;MX/person-.
The Duke of YORK, acc, mpanied by Mr. GItELN.
wont), arrived ab wt ten o'cl,ck. Amorg the com-
pany pres-nt, were Lord EnsittNz and Mr. SHEAtIa .
The Duchess of Youx was habited in a Roman Tui.ic
of crimv'n velvet, and a head-dress d la Gra.
party broke up abut hall-past three.
_ _ .

On the Putscit REae`•r being it armed of the ac-
cident of the boy falling from the scaffol 1 at th.' back
of Carlion.House, 'who died within these few• oars of
the bruises he received, lie eery humane: y oruertd
*that every care should be taken of him, at his ex.
pence, and at the dece::s: of the boy ordered £lO
be given to his mother, besides paying the expi•nces
of the funeral.

The Marquis of HUNTLY, soon after his arrival from
Scotland, on Saturday lAst, bet out from Richmond
House for Woburi,, on a •is;t to his sister,the Duchess:,
of BEDFORD.

From Copenhagen, we learn that Mr. ERVINii,
Special Minister from the United States at th it Court,
has at length received an answer to his remonstrance
against the condemnation before the Ttibitnals ut
Paris of American vessels br tit;ht into Danish port.
He is informed, that the Danish Admiralty Courts
have no jurisdiction over the vessels in quest .1, as
-hey were captured beyond the limits of the Da. ish
waters, or at the distance of more than (Our miles
trom the coast,

The death of Adminl ROWbEV, at JamaicA, has
*used tie tempor.lry command of the ships of
otftign station to devolve n Capt. i VAsims. 'l' vi
ays previously to the Arrival ~1 the intelligence, Ad-
Ta T l SIR I.ING sailed tcotn P rt- itv,utkb in theA c.
TIIUSA frigate, havists been appointed ta relieve Ad•
aural RowLr.x. -

si ou
French
nt.. C
h3J for
of it, pt
cutting
the eta
position,
a fine pi
Ge
Pond"
force co
lery, MI
tiros.

tuned t
they act
bourho<
U. loss.
the Brit
And hat
comma
never d
saves v
%inlay
forth t
gallant
.< p
tricdebt
to re=
I.4bont

thif ex
great'l
iVerS
4 C
withoi
bass cc
etese
troop'
did, i
Vice;

that b
•
teril

• CO
COLA
at thi
offal
Moor
able
soul':
tour,

EOIrC
Thr
112 al

last
in t 1
• &soil
Mr.
mad
then,
also
ma,
Emu
l'he
rrfi
.ho
curt;
