1821

•

•.

ferenoo of 3,987,493 dare's aria Haiti. Him
does be suppose that this balance of trade cobld
be paid ? Does he believe that it is effected by
'hellion, or bills of exchange, in a country with a circu-
lating medium like that of Haiti, and without cam-
Taal credit?- However keen his wishes may be
on the side of abolition, in future he will feel the ne-
cessity of accuracy ; and, above all, I would counsel
him not to stake his Parliamentary reputation, for 1825,
upon the reasonings and the, nte of Aersiari-
Although this letter has been already extended to so
great a length, it is impossible to bring it to a ctmclu-
on without adverting to the following remarks, so
rve
deserving of especial notice. 44 The Reviewer, how-
es ever, strives hard," says A twat's, in his Foul th Letter,l
44 to prove the statement made by Mr. Whitmore, in
" the House of Commons, on the ISth of May, 1112$;1
N of the extent of the trade of Haiti, on the authority
44 of M. Inginac, the Secretary of the Haitian Govern-
" ment, is altogether fallaci-ms. It may be so; and iti
61 is fur M. Inginac to vindicate the traM of his IffiCial
44 rrpresetttations."
Now it is necessary to look back for one moment, to
know bow the case really stand:—an impression is to
be made in the House of Commons, against the West
Indians, and in favour of the Abolitionists, employing
these terms in their common and popular seine—Mr.
Whitmore receives statements from certain Aboli-
tionists ; he introduces them to the House of Com-
mons as having the authority of an official document;
he reasons upon them absolutely, without qualification ;
the document is sent by M. Inginac, of Haiti, to a
Gentleman residing in London, notoriously favourable
to the cause of abolition, in the extreme sense of the
term ; the writer of the article-in the Quarterly IICV:Cid
points out to the Public the fallacy of the reasoning of
Mr. Whitmore, without imputing any improper mo-
tives to that individual, but impeaching hi. arguments
on the ground of the inaccurate data on which he sup-
ported them : and the answer which A MAUS offers to
these statements is in substance—That although the
Reviewer may be in the right, it is for M. Inginac to,
vindicate the truth of his official representations.
It is well -known, that thousands and tens of thou-
-sands of British subjects, possessing West India pro-
ferty, in which millions of British capital have been
legally invested, must be deeply, nay, vitally, interested,
in the accuracy of statements concerning such affairs,
as were fomnally 'made in the House of Commons, by
*one of its moat respectable Members, and purporting
to be founded upon the irrefragable authority of official
documents. And whoever is acquainted with the Sub.;
ject, cannot but have observed the strong, and Immo.;
diate bearing, which the statements referred to ha
upon the most fundamental points of the West India
Controversy. If it could be shewn that slavery might
be put an end to, without an injury of the most serious
nature to the Proprietors of Slaves, no person withi4
the wallsof the House of Commons would dare to stand'
up in defence of the continuation of the system. The
Ultra Abolitionists contend, that there is no reason foo
delaying the desired change, in as much at the work i'se
cultivation can be successfully carried on by free la,
bout, and the leading argument, the principal evideniq
adduced in support and proof of this assertion, on which
the very fate of the question depends, is tht instance of
St. Domingo ;—its prosperous state of cultivation being
proved, as 'is affirmed, by cited official dricuments.
These documents, thus cited, are afterwatds cleaily
proved to be incorrect, and calculated to deceive.—
When these thfngs,are brought before- the Public, Alts
come disposer' Of- the whole subject, as.:to their ham.
rettness and fallacy, by the rematk : " It Maybe so ;
ai arid it is for M. Inginac" (over whom the- British
Public can have no contract) 64 to vindicate the truth
"of his official repinsentatiohsl"
IS-this, then, all that Atrotot thinks due from his
PsirtY to- a British Public, :atter 'conduct so pregnant
with. fatal nrikhief? • Haethe Pohlie not a right to can.
'. post the parties conceited to' :hew that the delusioe
itesilot been miai with airattiltaltrit intention? :hill
lie direct interest ealtted on the part of M.lnginitc,
.Ort
others•toncented,-in dede(eing theßritith, hationi asiciti
the value of the•fradia nerd the extent of tliii iiidustrz
of Haiti ? . ~.. ..• •
Ought not a senteelkistlte, to' prompt those petiont
concerned' in deluding,the...ruhlic and the Legislature,
eitherthemselees to prqes the correctness of thestate-
ments they have produced, or to acknowledge their.
own erre: in quoting•thein, with confidence as to their
correctness, and with triuniph as to their importance?
Utitil time' shall have proved the contrary to be the
fact, I shall refuse to believe that Mr. Whitmore can.
coincide with kwoLuit, as to what is due in explanation
of the false and mischievous statements which he has
been the unintentional instrufnent of promulgating.
I any Sir, rive met obedient servant,
• - VINDEX.
=* ,
A list, it is said, will be opened on the 7th of Novem- ,
ber, 1824, at -41 the Club-louses in London, fur completing a party '
of thirty Ladies and Gentlemen, to fit 'lst a yacht for visiting the
shores of the Mediterranean eqd Black Seas, Greek Islands, Asia
Minor, Syria, and Stmt. The vessel will be fitted up in a superb
wyle, with every comfort mid attendance j the dinners and wines
of the first quality. as may be ascertained (by theseof respectability
who wish to join it) by applying as above. The expense on board
for three years will be ally +4Oll. .
Yesterday evening, about haltpast seven o'clock, the
Grand Jury of the City of London came into Court at
the Old Bailey, and returned five .true bills against
Mr. 4Flnuttkroy, for forgery. Each indictment consisted
of a close roll of parchment, nearly as thick as a man's
arm, and was said to contain upwards of a hundred
counts, We believe it is now certain that the trial will
take place on Saturday morning. .
A fatal accident took place at Belper, on Wednesday
evening the 90th instant, at the gas-works belonging to
Messrs. Scutt. The cause of this unfortunate circuits.
stance appears to be as, follows :—The great gasometer
requiring tome adjustment, it was taken to pieces, and
during that afternoon the men had put it together
again; but whilst they were filling it with water, Sad
before the hole through which the shaft pastes had beets
sealed by the water, the gas was turned in. Of course
the gas formed an explosive mixture with the common
air that was in the meter, and this mixture arisen out,
beside the shaft, was fiord by a candle which one of the'
men held in Isis band. The. meter was consequently
blown up, and the shock was so violent, that Francis
Holliwell, a clock-maker, who was in the meter.
house, was so much injured that he died in' a
few minutes. Jobn Banks, the foreman of the works;
had his collar-bone brokeo, and received a severe eon -
tusion.on the shoulder, but great .hopes are entertained
of his recovery. A mail who bad just entered the build.
ing was slightly hurt; and one of the men on the out-
side had a piece of iron drivels into his.cheek. but he iv
doing well. Holliwell was an excellent workman, and
a most worthy man. He has left a widow and nine
children.—Derby Mercury.

g"..e!!.".. • "^4,

,

nmuc SAE&

Mr. ROBINS. of Warwick Bagi; jitgefOrstfitet, :•‘
Pernbenkeshine.—Vainable Freehold and- Lesiebold ranitel, at
Tenhy, desirable Residence, Dwelling-housea,'Oottages. massive
range of Scalding, Coach homes, Gardena, and. Land ;* the Aldus
with various Apartments: a Property highly eligible for invest-
ment. In twenty-two lots. • The Land-Tat is only s few
per annum on the whole Property, and it is paid by the Tosents.
Loy 1. The Baths contain, on the ground story, three bed-
rooms. one sitting-room, eervante-hall, a good kitelsep (all hoot-
Int the sea), a water closet; a lobby and passage, leading to a ea-
pitil billiard-rum, 32 feet by 18 feet, with bowed end to the set,
a circulir ball from the laws; a spacious pleasant reading-rbont,
and a china closet; another passage, from the hall to four bed-
chambeta, and a dressing mem ; a drawing-room, neatly fitted up,
commanding a fine view of the sea: underneath, a prime {oohing
tothe sea. kitchen, water-closet, pump-room for the super of the
coppers ; three warm baths, with a dressing-room to (ugh ; si-va-
pour bath. aoil a shower bath : and under these, a hit ..cold sea
bath, two wordier baths, three dressing-rooms, two down; throe
other bath., with dressing-rooms, two larders, wine-cellars. In
the possession of Mr. John Condon, tenant at will, at a rent per
annum of £l5O.
Two Cottages, under the billiard-room, with two rooms below,
and two rooms over ; in the occupation of Mary Upeot, and; P.
Barrkt, at a rent per annum of £ll.
A Cottage, under the billiard-room, with two rooms below and
two over, in band. at a rent of £8 per annum.
A Cottage adjoining, with parlour, kitchen, bar, back kitchen,
two cellar., five rooms over, at a rent of Asper annum.
Five Cottages adjoining the latter, let to tenants at will, at £lO
per annum—Total rent. £193.
Part of this Lot is Leasehold of the Corporation of. 'Fealty, for
a term of 99 years, at a rent of .C 8 per annum.—lrmseited down
at £3OOO.

Los. 2.—The valuable and very improvable Estate, at Tedby,
comprising Tenhy House, situate in the Market-street, with ema-
'salvia offices, lawn, garden, green-home, &c. in the occupation of
Colonel Northey, till Christmas, 1945, at a rent, per annum of 1101.
A rent-charge is payable to the Corporadon of Tenby, of 13s. ed.
per annum.—Kumtked down at £1,900.
LOT s.—Rope Walk Cottage, with entrance; four t to below,
and four over, let to afforest manta. at rents to par
annum, Asa —Knocked down at g 1330.
Los S.—Frog-street. a capital Stable Yard, at the back of the
es:l Hotel, consisting of four two-stall stables, and owe tkroodtall
four three-stall stables on the opposite side, with lofts over; a ~
with seventeen stalls, at the end of the yard, with loft over ;co .
houses with matting for twelve carriages; two bed-rooms, and
harness-roost over; and eFoos. In the occupation of Mrs. B.
Hughes, tenant at will, at a per annum, £so.—Knocked down
at "SO tOs.
Los 9.—A Plea of Garden round. near the Sea, and between
the Old Town Walla, Prod Street, ow Lease to Miss Martha Cooke,
aged about 49, at a rem, per anssom, Ins.—lfstocked down at 4111091.
toe 10.—The Post 011ico, with Eturasee, Kitobened Shop add
Parlour ; Roar Rooms over; in the occortion of kfril Morgan.
Tenant at Will, at a root, "sr assume, £193. Ga.—Knocked doom
at 4405.
Los i I.—A Home, opposite the March, containing as Entrance,
T*. Parlours, Kitchen, hake souse, az Rooms over, LoR &c.
Cellars under, in the ocompatioo of Wm. Cadwallader. Taoist at
Will, at a rent, per annum, £l4.—Hoocked down at aS69O.

SPEY( 'I INti INTELLIGENCE.

• BEtTING-ROOM, TATTERSALL'S, OCT. 29.
The Room was but thinlY attended to-day, and very kr* engage-
Waft were made. The alterations on the diferent Stakes were
likawisifew. The principal convertation of the day was relative
ill the intended fight of Tuesday la*. between Burn and Martin.
'The present state of odds on the matches at Newmarket Houghton
Meeting of next week, Derby; Oaks, and St. Leger, are as follov:
• MIST.
10 to 1 art Rufus 22 to 1 apt Defiance •
14 to t agst ltlateteer , , • 22 to 1 apt Legacy
15 to 1 apt Advance ri 21 to 1 agst Nigel
16 to 1 apt Canvas • 9t) to t apt. Trictrac
17 to 1 agst Bolero 40 to ;.agst Harriet
17 to 1 agst Diana
oars. ..
75 to 1 apt Waltz • inegstri '}'p
at
Aides
10 to 1 agst Sorcery sit ti awl opt Pope Joaa
High odds as aat
• ' ST. LB4IIII.
10 to 1 apt itibmnon I 20 to 1 apt Ganntke
to 1 apt Bedgaundet 1 M to l apt Cleveland,
. .
IFEWiIASKIM Ira? VIM
Matches.—S to son Bizarre, 114. and 7t04 oa him, not p.p.—
to OW BPeralai.d.
.
Lord Kennedy's IfeleciaMr stateterbusbet Mr. Ruesele's
dknolse. al the York aping *Wag, for-101111.pineas. .
••. • +4,z • BUMPKINS RACES.
ft VW, fMarin battigittellibil than last year, did not Word
maztax:ess The :r:eatber, kat omktlllas„ was very unfavearable
keit away ayers.of war townsmen, who had looked
ward to Friday as ir spetstf held*. It We bad wind, however,
abat blows upbeat...di:Mae* Iys tottealple, we have not beard •
.tom the ref:dismal fable* fond •any, Auk whatever with ;the
rain. tise,races.were.w9p spay+ gpi *hough there were three
beati fOr One of thins, everybody law. that the losing horse wet
of metier mettle, ad tint there were masons for his not taking
the race.
Thursday, there was mt • assesahly—mt Friday, a ball—bete:
"thick were at once well and fashionably attended.
apneas sae, itatroass•ll2.
A Plate of Fifty Pounds, given by the Members of the County,
for Scotch bred karma. Two mile beats.
Mr. Alexander's La Orisons, walked ever.,
A.Plate of Fifty Pounds, gives from-the /teeing Fond, for Hance,
See. of aßsps.
Mr. Fergusson's Gay Mounts 5 1 1
Mr. Alexander's La Grisette • •1 S 2
•
* Plate of Fifty 'Pounds, give* by the Members of the Sostheri
Meeting, for bones, &c. of all ages.
Fergusson's North Briton
dlt W. Miunien's Ben LAC - s dr
BOXING.
•
Neu TORIES ass PzAct • Isoczta—fle Anal stakes for this fight
were made gond ac Bandage, on Tuesday night. The men are
both well, and ;be fight will take place on Tuesday, the 9th of Nu-
versifier. The old ope is the favourite, at small odds.
Jestikman ass Bet.asoo.—Thirse pounds a-aide have bersi put
down for a light between these mew Ben to fight .4120 to AIM ;
but whether it will to anychipg sr am, time will show. Bei•
lame ildninhe has a chance. if he can get backed.
suimmamts Koa • Bob can be berbeg. for a to.
eonJ
•
:.:'• SPARRING. 4 81
""I
The MIMS blandest bed a benefit yeiiiillay at the Five?
COort., Mg* WAS well winded. The pehmied *When were
dem Blew, My Belem, Cooper, and Bitten.
Miasma returied disks, and apologised for Pot exhibiting,
hilemities by ea age. •
-Jam Ream ass Mammt.--Sprfog **Pounced to the Court,
thee.* ho was about* take possession of an inn at Hereford, on
Sawa*, * stakeholder, be tad given 41300 each to the porde' by
cosiest, so that it because a draw. It was contended Burns ought
wham bad she mosey, because, bad Martin been there, the fight
weild have tab* place elsewhere, as In other cases ;where the
Sala hatless stooped.
•

CONNEXCIIA NOB, MA RCLA NE, OCT. 119.
There is very little corn of any description fresh up to-day.
Wheat of ins quality is seam, and the prices are much the sons
as lloaday, with very little deb* }Jerky sells heavily at tut'
quoiatioos. Bruns end Peas are without variation. Oats that aro
goutrard sweet cuwasand tbe attention of our buyers, but other
qairlities Medan, though not lower. Arrivals of this week—Xiglials
Wheat. 4,100 quarters 1 Barley, 4,700 quarters; Oats, 900 quartets ;
iclsh Ous, 170 quarters; Foreign Oats, 0,100 quarter; Flaw,
4,100 sacks.
London averages for the week ending October
10,100 quarters, 655. sd. Barley, 5,449 quarters, 445. 11d. Ouch
4.76* quarters, Ws. Id. Rye, 15 gainers, Us. 7d. Bemis, MOO
quarters, 455. Peas, 1,741 quarters, 445. 2d.
ITHFIBLD MARKET, OCTOBER I&
There were seat* Cattle kit woe tnna Monday's atuaug
Caused a plentiful *off!), this atoning, Mania say weber ebort;
'end the wade dull. The price. otay be quoted as as Monday bet.
Bed, per stow of albs. Is. 10d. to Ss. 10d. patron. Se. ed. to
4s. 4d. Veal, 4s. Od. to is. Od. Peek, es. ed. to se. od.
