THURSDAY, JUNE 19, 1823.

Under the Patronage of
His Royal Highness the Duke of YORK,
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of KENT,
His Grace the Archbishop of YORK,
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of CHESTER,
Her Grace the Duchess of NORTHUMBERLAND,
The Most Noble the Marchioness of CONY NOH A M,
The Right Honourable the Countess of PEMBROKE,
Lady GORE ANSLEY.
AGRAND MISCELLANEOUS CONCERT
will take place at the KING'S ANCIENT CONCERT
ROOMS, Hanover-square, on WEDNESDAY EVENING,
the 45th June instant, in aid of the Funds of the ROYAL ME-
TROPDLITAN INFIRMARY for SICK CHILDREN,
patronized by his Majesty the KING, and consecrated to the
Memory of the late Princess CHARLOTTE.

VICIt-PATIIONS,
His Royal Highness the Duke of Yoar,
His Royal Highness the Duke of Cuasoca,
His Royal and Serene Highness Prince Looms& of Sane
Cubuurg.

PATRONESS'S,
Tier Royal Highness the Duchess of Mammy
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Karr.
The C.ontert will be conducted by Sir Onoatus lad
by Mr. F. Chasms, and aided by the united talents of moat at
the principal Vocal and Instrumental Performer% who 1111".
liberally promised their assistance. Particulars will be awriator
in a few Bays.
Tickets tos. Gd. each, to be bad at the Music Warehouses of
Messrs. Birchall and Co. Chappell and Co. Bead-street ; Messrs.
Clementi and Co. Cheapside ; Mr. Preston, Dean-street ; Mr.
Forster, Lisle-street, Leicester-square • Mr. Power, M, Strand;
Betts, Royal Exchange ; and at the Royal Harmonic Society,
Argyll Rooms.

JUST ARRIVED from the EAST INDIES, and
never befor.z seen or exhibited in Europe, two of the most
beautiful Animals in the World, the BOS INDICUS MINOR,
or the Little Zebu of the Gaugha Hill, the interior of Min- ,
dostan. Also a SPOTTED DEER, from the Island of Saugur, 4
commonly called the Tiger Country, of a species unknown In
Europe. In the same Collection will be shewn two LIVE
LAND TURPI NS. of the Tortoise Genus, just arrived from
the interior of New South Wales; they are of enormous else,
generally allowed to be the largest of that species ever found.—
These curious and interesting Animals are now exhibitiag at the
WATERLOO ROOMS, 94, Pall-Mall, daily, from Ten till
Six.—Admittanee One Shilling.

This day was published,
Handsomely printed in duodecimo, with a highly Babied En-
graving after Westall, price Bs. extra boards,
MAY YOU LIKE IT, Volume the Second; by
the urns Author as the First Volume, lately published,
which may still be had as a work- contplete in itself, price Bs.bds.
London : Printed for Thomas Boys, Ludgate-hill; and sold by
Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh; and all Booksellers.

This day was published. in Bvo. price Ss.
THE POWER.of the KEYS; or, Considerations
upon the Absolving Power of the Church, and opossum*
of the Privileges of the Christian Covenant.
•
By the Rev. EDWARD BURTON, M.A.
Student of Chris Church. • I
Oefurd Printed for J. Parker; and C. and J. Rivingtoa,
St 4 Paul's Church-yard ; and Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, London.

This day were published,
LETTERS to the CONTRACTORS of the Co.
LOMB! AN LOAN, on the illegality and non-ratification
of the Loan and Debenture, and on the fabrication of Mr. Zea's
powers under which the Loan was contracted, and the Deben-
tures created.
By a MEMBER of the Honourable SOCIETY of
LINCOLN'S INN.
Printed for Hurst, Robinson, and Co. No. 90, Cheapside;
and No. 8, Pall-mall, London; and Archibald Constable and
Co. Edinburgh.

This day was published,
In Three Vols. poet octavo. price £l. 11 s. 6d.
REGINALD DALTW.--lly the Author of VA:
LIAM, and ADAM BLASI.
Printed for WiMam Blackwood, Edinburgh; and T. Cadet!,
Strand, London.
Of whom ma y be had,
1. Valerinit, a Roman &ory. Three Volumes, 12ino.£1 41.
It Some Passages in the Life of Mr. Adam Blair. Post Iteo.
10s. 6d.

DI AL WEIGHING 14 ACHINW3.
HMARRIOTT having obtained his Majesty's
• Royal Letters Patent, for an improvement in Weighing
Mactdoes, begs leave to recommend them to the Public, as the
most perfect and useful uncle for that purpose ever constructed;
for accuracy, simplicity, expedition, and portability, it stands
unrivalled, as it INSTANTLY 'hews the exact weight of any article
from One Ounce to a Ton, without the use of Weights, thereby
saving time and labour. Being perfectly portable, it may be
used in any situation--its universal utility must therefore be un-
deniable for Domestic purposes; in Shops, Wait:sues, Coach
Offices, Market Houses, Barns; on Wharfs; at and Fairs;
for Cattle, Corn, Hay, Wool, &c. ; or for Loading heavy Arti-
cles, it may be attached to the chain of a crane, and show the
Weight at the time of craning; it may be also made with a chair
to weigh Persons. From its extreme simplicity, it is scarcely
possible to be inaccurate; yet, if it ever should be so, there is
an adjusting Screw which will momentarily correct it.
H. Maaluocr begs to Caution the Public against several Spa.
rious Imitations of his excellent and useful Invention, which are
attempted to be introduced; none are on his genuine Patent
Principle that have not a label with his name over the King's Arms.
H. 1111.1111101 T having made considerable Improvements in his
PATINT KITCUZII CODING AIITAILIIIIIII, feels a confidence in re-
commending it to the Public, as a most complete article for
Roasting, Baking, Boiliag, and Steaming, with economy in fuel,
by one moderate size Fire, and with a constant supply of from
Twelve to Twenty Gallons of Hot Water; also Warm Closets .
for airing Linen, keepiug Dinner hot, heating Plates, Dishes,
atc.; the Cooking Utensils are never soiled, and it is a roarztva
Cuss fur a Smokty Chimney. A new Patent Portable Cooking
Apparatus, embracing the foregoing advantages, well calculated'
for Ships, or situations where there is no chimney, and putt- ,
liarly advantageous for the Foreign Markets. Kitchens fitted,
up with Steam Apparatus, embracing all the late improvements;
baths, conservatories, halls, staircases, sod buildings heated by
Steam, upon a priociple of perfect security. Also, an Improved
Patent Spring Roasting Jack to obviate the necessity of weight
or pulleys. The whole may be seen daily in use at the Patentee%
Manufactory, London House, 89, Fleet-street, London; and had
of most of the respectable Ironmongers throughout England.
Ancient Armour repaired and re-instated to its Mood pot-
fection. Armour Manufactured, Bought, Sold, or Let es Hire.
Smokey Chinudes cared en philosophical principles. •

•NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
ALL Persons having any CLAIMS or DE-
MANDS on the Right Honourable JOHN Earl of EG-
MONT, or upon his Son, Lard Viscount PERCEV A 1., are
requested forthwith to send an account thereof (in writing) ttz
us, with the amount of their claims, and the date and particu-
lars of their respective securities, in order that an arrangement
now in progress,to secure and discharge the same tn.'', he carried
into execution. VINES and ADEY, Solicitors.
6, Stone-buildings, Lincoln's Inn.

This day was published. in Two Vols. price 12s.
THE HERMIT ABROAD.—By the Author of
" The Hermit in London," and " Hermit in the Country."
Printed for Henry Colburn and Co. Conduit.street.

This day was
In Two Vols. Bvo. with two Fac Similes, and four Maps, price
Mis. English, French 114 s.
THE Second Livraison of NAPOLEON'S ME-
MOIR&& Dictated at Saint Helena, to Counts Montho-
lon. Bertrand, tcr. and
CORRECTED BY HIMSELF.
Printed for Henry CoMyra and Co. and M. Boss:lnge and Co.

FOE THE USE OF YOUNG PERSONS.
This day were publi.bed, in lomo. price 4s. inboards,
QCRIPTURE NAM ES of PERSONSand PLACES
faritillarly explained : intended as a Companion to the Read-
ing of the Holy Scriptures. for the Use of Young Penal..
Printed for C. and J. Itivingtoo, St. Paul's Church-yard, and
Waterloo-place, Pall-mall.

1

E •

PORT OF RA NISG ATI&
By Permission of the Hon. the Board of Custom! and &cite,
FOR SALE BY AUCTICiN,
In small Lots, Duty (l-ee, to defray SAlvar Cutrges and
Expenses,
On TnensnaT, the 116th of June,•lB23, at Two &Clock iri
the Afternoon precisely, at the Warehouse of Messrs. Allbttli
and Son, Rottman.,
7•I-11? UNDERMENTIONED GOODS,
VIZ.
About Iro Gallons SPIRITS of BRANDY, Fifty Degrees
alloy? Pre,•••
100 Gallons 1101,711DF.AUX WINE.

2 Tens of CA iIrEACfIY W 001), more ()Hess, for Home
Comumption.
Landed from the Lugger le Sans Souet, Captain K. Foirralsr,
stranded on her Voyage from Bourdeaux to &. Valery-sor-
Somme.

May be tasted and viewed the Day preceding, and on the
Morning of the Day of Sile and further Particular! known tin
application to Messrs. Austen and Sons, Agents for Shippt,g ;
or to G. Hinds, Broker, Itanmate.

FOR SALE BY AUCTION,
At the Custom-House. FAVERSHAM, on FILISIAT. the 27th
day of June, 1823, to commence precisely at Ten o'Clock i:1
the Forenoon,
THE UNDERMENTIONED GOOD'S,
VIZ
611 Pounds of Thrown Mk.
614 Pieces Prencb Cambric Handkert
150 Muslin Caps and Frills.
17 Bead Purses.
1 Broken-up Galley and five Oars.
3 Anchors and two Warps.
118 k Gallons of Brandy, above Proof.
72 Ditto Geneva, above Proof.
254 Geneva, under Proof.
Which may be viewed the Day previous to the Sale, between
the Hourm of 'fen and Four. •
A Deposit of P:25 per Cent. will be required.

and Fent&

By order of the Hon.

PORT OF WEYMOUTH.
loners of his Majesty's Customs.

---
PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. -.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE 18.
Counsel was called in, this morning, on the appeal of " Sir
William Rae v. Gibson," from the Scotch Jury Court; when
the Attorney. General was heard for the appellant, and Mr.
Brougham for the respondent. It appears that doubts were en-
tertained, in the Committee for Appeals, as to how far the con-
stitution of the Scotsh Jury Court entitled its suitors to appeal
from its decisions to this House, and, therefore, it was resolved
to transfer the question for argument at their Lordships bar.—
Judgment is expected to be given on Friday.
The Earlof LI MERICK presented a Peution Irons the Linen
Weavers of the County of Forfar, preying their Lordships not to
take away the right of stamping, and praying, in general, that
the Scottish Linen Manufacture 13111 might not pass into a law.
The Duke of ATHOL presented a similar Petition (being
the third of a series) from the same County, the signatures to
which amounted to upwards of 12,000 names.
11Ir. 131.acestraa, Mr. Manse:am and others, brought up the
3lanchester Waterworks Bill, the Registry of Vessels Bill, the
London Sub-pavement Bill, and some private Bill, which were
afterwards read a first time.
The City of Limerick Regulation Bill was read a second time,
and committed for Friday next.
Upon the motion of the Earl of SHAFTZSIURY, the Prison
Laws Consolidation Bill was read a thiril time; passed, and
messaged to the Commons.
The Offices (Ireland) Compensation Bill passed through a Com-
mittee, and was reported without any amendment to the House.

THE SPITALFIELDS BILL.
Lord ELLEN BO ROU GII said, that he had a very brief re-
port to make. Ile then added, that their Lordships Silk Trade
Committee, to whom the pending Bill, together with the Peti-
tions, were .referred, had met this day to consider the same.
Counsel bad been heard fur the Petitioners. But as the Counsel
was not prepared to call witnesses, the evidence was, at the re-
quest of the Petitioners, postponed ; and, therefore, the Com-
mittee had recommended that the Bill should be read a second
time, pro/unties, in order to its being, in the spirit of a Standing
Order of the House, referred back to the Committee in its pro-
per stage. He accordingly gave notice, that he should move the
second reading of the Bill on Friday ; so that, if requisite, their
Lordships might reassemble in the Committee neat Wednesday.
[The explanation is simply this—Having met under the impres-
sion that the Standing Order for not referring Trade Bills to a
Select Committee till after the second reading had undergone no
change, whereas it was altered on last Monday, the Committee
thought it necessary to remit the Bill fur a second reading,
in the first instance. But it was agreed, on Monday, that all
Bills relating to Trade should hereafter be referred to a Com-
mittee on being read only a first time.)—Adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
•

Mr. JA ALES gave notice, that he should to-morrow present a
Petition from several thousand Inhabitants of Newcastle, com-
plaining of the existence of slavery, when he was called to order
by the SPUME/, who reminded him that this course was irre-
gular at this hour of the evening, when only private business was
usually transacted.
Mr. JAMES sat down stating that the subject alluded to was
not black but white slaves—(A laugh).
Mr. CURWEN presented a redden from certain Ship-
owners of Whitehaven, complaining, that in consequence of the
crews of different merchant vessels introducing goods on board
clandestinely, ship-owners had frequently been tined very hea-
vily by the Excise for having goods or articles on board their
vessels, which were not contained in the manifest. The Peti- ,
tioners prayed that some regulation should be introduced in the
Customs Consolidations Bill, which would render sailors so act-
ing
to the prejudice of their employers liable for the penal coney-
quences of their conduct, by the forfeiture of the wages due, as
a penalty to the Excise, instead of proceeding against the filo-
cent ship-owners whose property had been thus endangered.
The C H A NCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he should, ,
provided the alteration could be effected without prejudicing the I
Excise, give his best attention to the prayer of the Petitioners. ,
—Read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. W ORTLEY said, he hoped the House would
the subject of the Petition he held in his hand to be investigated,enti
when he felt that he should be able to prove all the allegations
respecting the state of the Wool Trade. The Hon. Member
then presented the Petition of the Merchants and Wool Dealers
of Bradford, in Yorkshire, expressive of their:alarm at finding
that the duty on the import of foreign wool was about to be
taken off. This was only one of a series of Petitions be should
have to present to the House on the same subject.
A conversation ensued between Mr. Cosmos, Mr. Bantam
N-. Rsca.ano, Mr. Roaearson, Dlr. Alderman Taoxesow Hon.
H. G. BICIFICZT, and Sir Eow,san Kusacuatuz, after which the
Petition was read and laid on the table.
Mr. S. WORTLEY then presented several similar Petitions
from different places in Yorkshire, road and laid on the table.

Lord A. HAMILTON said, the explanation he I
should *ow giste was rather to be attributed to the
promise he had given to a Noble Lord in that House,
than to any •disinclination on his pait to preserve
inviolate the privileges of the house. It was rather
singular, however, that he was now called on to make
this explanation under such circumstances. He should
however do it principally with a view to convince
the Noble Lord that what he had said on that occa-
sion he was warranted in saying, because it must na-
turally be the conviction on his mind, arising out of
the facts which took place. Without making any
imputation, he had inferred, from certain facts that
. occurred, a disposition in the Sheriff to favour his
opponent on the occasion of that election. The She-
riff, it should be remembered, was not an Officer
like an English Sheriff; for after having appointed
when the election should take place, he had no
more to do with it. The Sheriff had, however,
acted very irregularly during the election ; for
though he had nothing to do with the election, he
had risen, in consequence of a vote being given at
his (Lord Hamilton's) suggestion, contrary to the in-
terest of the candidate the Sheriff wished to support,
and exclaimed before the Presses, " there's, an honest
vote;" obviously wishing by that expression to infer
something else. Indeed so very irregular did he con-
sider that officer's conduct on that occasion, that he
thought himself entitled to no small share of praise
for his moderation, in not having requested the at-
tendants of the Sheriff to remove the Sheriff altoge-
ther out of the Court, as he was entitled to do under
the circumstances. Cases might occur in which
Sheriffs would be rendered arbitrary at elections. A
case of this kind did occur at the timealluded to.—
Mr. Sheriff Hamilton, at
.the Michaelmas Meeting
previous to the election, stated that when the next
election was to take place' he would take care that,
every person who possessed the right should bare an
opportunity of voting. On the 13th of June, an ac-
count of the dissolution of Parliament reached Edin-
burgh, and the Sheriffs of the other counties deter-
mined to appoint such days as would prevent the,
elections of the different counties from interfering.—
Sheriff Hamilton appointed the Ist of July for that
of Lanarkshire. The day was not so unfavourable to
him (Lord A. Hamilton) as others might be, but still
even that day would have the effect of rendering
some of his supporters useless to him. This, how-
ever was not adhered to, and Thursday, the 2d of
July was fixed. Why, he would ask, was this trans-
fer made ? Friday, the 3d, was fixed for the election
of Renfrewshire, which rendered it impossible for the
Sheriff of Renfrew to attend both elections. Had the
Lanark election been delayed so long as it might
have been by Sheriff Hamilton, it was probable there
would have been no contest, as his (Lord A. Hamil-,
ton's) success was nearly certain. He would men-t
tion one other fact, which the Noble Lord. (Binning)!
himself might certify. The candidate for Stirlingl
was so impressed with the injustice that was done
him (Lord A. Hamilton), that he offered to abandon'
the contest akogether, to enable his (Lord A.Hamil.
ton's) supporters to vote. He had not said all he
might in confirmation of his former statement. He
would repeat again, that he imputed no motives but
what the facts justified. Both Sheriffs not only did
not act impartially, but in the way most calculated
to injure his interests.
BURNING WIDOWS IN INDIA.
Mr. PYM presented a Petition from the Clergy
and Gentry of Bedfordshire, praying that the House
would interfere to put a stop to the practice of bare-
ing widows in India.
Mr. F. BUXTON said the Petition was signed by
2,500 persons of the greatest respectability. Not less
than 840 unfortunate women were annually commit-
ted to the flames in India. This was a fact which
called for the attention of the House. The practice
was accompanied with circumstances of the utmost
horror. On the very same day that the child was
left without a father, he became the executioner of
his mother, as it ften happened that he took a
lighted torch and set fire to the pile on which she
was to be consumed. The quantity-of ;fuel was fre-'
quently so small that the unfortunate victim was
obliged to remain in agony till more could be pro.'
cured. He would state one instance out of the many
that could be produced. A female, about fourteen,
was induced to anent to place herself upon the pile.
It was prepared by her uncle. She made her eseape,
but was brought back by her relation. She made
her escape a second time, and got into a watercourse
to avoid the death that was prepared for her. She
was brought back; and having been again brought
back, was put to death by one of the spectators. No
danger could arise from suppressing the practice. It
was not tolerated by any other European nation that
had settlements in India—the Dutch, .the the
Danes, or Portuguese. They were the only Power
that permitted it. He hoped the Right 'Hon. Gentler
man oppositelMr.W.Wynn) would take it into hii
serious consideration. If not, he should himself pro-
pose
some measure on the subject next Session.
Mr. W. WYNN said he would not enter late the
discussion now, as another opportunity would.occur.'
He need not inform the House what difficulties the
subject presented. As to his feelings respecting so
horrible a practice, or the principle of it,
be need not
say anything ' there could be only oneopinion on it.
But it would be very difficolt to carry their feelings
into operation. The circumstances of other Euro-
pean nations were quite different to thoevin which
this country stood with respect to India. Their ter-
'titories extended but a few miles round their various
settlements, while England had to govern a vast em-
pire with a population of 60,000,000. It appeared
'to him that the matter must be left to the local au-
thorities. It would be impossible for Parliament to
make regulations for every district. The custom, it
should be remembered, was not a sew one. There
was reason to beiieve that it originated in the re-
motest antiquity. It might be traced to the time of
Alexander the Great.
Mr. HUME said, the attention of the Government
of India had been slireeted to the eobject. In 17956
under Governor Duncan, strong regulations were av•
tered into against the practice, and-it Wasprohibitef
by the Magistrates, except at e desire of thefamuale
herself. These regulations, he thought, mmulek
sufficient, but, from local knowledge, he "hula;
precate any legislative interference.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, he wags:4.l*a doll
strong recommendations from th' be
sufficient to put an end to the priefiees.
Wellesley found no difficulty in putting an end to

lIHKRIIM OF LANARK.
Lord BINNING rose to regret that the Noble Lord
opposite should have attended several nights suc-
cessively to hear the explanation be had promised to
make relative to the Sheriff of Lanark, who, he before
stated, considered himself aggrieved by some obser-
vations made by the Noble Lord (Hamilton) in the
course of a former debate, relative to the election for
the county of Lanark in the year 1818. On that-oc-
casion the Noble Lord asserted, that he had nearly
lost his election in consequence of the improper in-
terference of the Sheriff, Mr. Hamilton. This he
stated to have arisen out of the circumstance of the
electors, who had but lately obtained the elective
franchise, not being permitted to exercise it until they
had been enrolled a year and a day. Now it was said
that the Sheriff had so managed it as to, give a pre-
ference to the voters of the person opposed to the
Noble Lord, by enrolling those first, so as to give
them the right of voting, whilst the Noble Lord's
voters were pronounced incompetent. This had af-
fected about twenty voters of the Noble Lord, whose
antagonist had created about twenty more. He had
met with other interruptions on that occasion, of
which he had an equal right to complain, in the
manner of appointing the day of election, by which
some of his voters had been prevented from becoming
ripe, as it was termed. Now Mr. Sheriff Hamilton
had commissioned him on his behalf to state, that
without attempting to deny that many of these facts
bad been correctly stated, and did occur, there was
no ground whatever for charging him (the Sheriff)
with acting in a partial or even unusual manner.
There was at that precise time a contest for the elec-
tion of Members held in different other counties, of
which ltenfrewshire was one, in which a similar
course of pit ceeding had been pursued, and Sheriff
Hamilton himself had filled the situation of Sheriff
of Lanarkshire for '25 years past, during which pe-
riod he had unvaryingly pursued the same mode of
fixing the coming on of the election. In answer to
another alleged ground of grievance, as to alleged
partiality, he had only to say, that up to the time of
the election he bad remained in total ignorance of the,
claims of the competitors, and did not even permit
the agents of the Candidates to speak to him on the
subject. This was the statement which he had been
requested to make to the House, for the purpose of
justifying himself from the aspersions thrown out
against him, which the Sheriff, as a man of honour,
now assured the House peremptorily were totally
destitute of foundation. The calumny or misrepre.
serration had gone forth, through the medium of the
press, to the public and the world, and it therefore
demanded as publicly to be met and repelled by his
highly respectable friend the Sheriff of Lanark. Upon
these grounds, he trusted the House would not think
he had improperly intruded on the attention of the
House the few observations he bad made.

" You shall n
,
In viding for the Royal Family belonycgeferticloamtion
illpha:rperslijamono.:
another practice that prevailed in India. The most i other member of'the Royal Family
learned Pundits were consulted. They said • there ' have any provision made for you." The care of or:
was no law for it, and tbs.:king uis Put a stop to it.
plate of being diminished, the practice of burning wi- tle,woul4 now come to what he thought
ought toy-
dows had unfortunately increased in some provinces. dose in the case before the House. If she were .
It could no: be voluntary on the part of those unfor- impostor, he claimed that Ministers should me:
tunate females, for they were, in fact, tied down to
ttlisoen.digsnhietywofasthine
pßoossyesalsioPnamoifl
prevent their running away.
Mr. FORBES said, he viewed the practice with rejected by the Pub'.ic or by any tribunal, but 4,Z
the greatest horror; but the more they interfered the same time producing no benefit to herself. ii;
more he feared it would increase. The Marquis of detailed nothing—not because he had norm" I;
Hastings was obliged to allow, that the missions ap- detail, for he had it in command from this Royafg:
pointed for the purpose of putting a stop to it had .sonage (and he should call her so till she had tit;
only added to it. No doubt much might be done by proved otherwise) to say nothing that could be in the
persuasion. It did not prevail in that part of the smallest degree offensive ; but he had it also in mi.
country with which he was acquainted. It would mand from himself to observe, that if a good an,,o,
be hazardous to interfere in any way but by per- were not given, he should say something so strong
suasion. Those unfortunate women would not be as to be important to the safety of the tountti, -4
saved by putting an end to the practice of burning ; of the Ministers. He should move for the appoint
for, as lie had been informed, there were two other anent of a Select Committee on the Petition he lad'
modes in which they might be sacrificed, by drown- presented three months ago. He had not negfeet4
ing and burying alive. If one were put a stop to, to take up the matter earlier through fear, for feat
recourse would be had to the others. formed no part of his composition : he would pat,
Colonel MONEY said, that twenty years back at- sue this lady's claim to the death, until she as
tempts had been successfully made to put down the mined her rights. When it was shewn that she
practice of immolations, and it was effected without had no claim, and not :ill then, he should wield"
;any disturbance. Reports of similar attempts had his support—(Near). If the Petition wee not
been made to Sir John Shore, by Officers in different understood, he begged that it might be read agsini
part of the country, and it was stated by them, that for no man had %a right to sit, much less to vote:
no ill consequences had followed. Early after the upon a case until be knew the merits of it. Ili
Peishwa's dominions became subject to this country, pretended to say, for one, that he was a eern.o
the practice of immolation was successfully checked. sentative of the People; and if a Reform took pine
The discussion of the subject here had already led to in Parliament, if he did not come in again he shoa4
the best results, and he anticipated that a total end be very much surprised—(Hear, hear, and Ifirghte),
would be put to the practice before long. The in- He was one of the oldest Members of the House;.he
formation on the subject hitherto was not very cor- had gone through the whole of Mt. Pitts administra-
rect. It was now ascertained that there was no legal tion ; he had come into Parliament with o Pitt aid
sanction for it; such was the opinion of the best in. the Constitution" on his cockade—(Hear, and Luigi.
formed natives. The regulations that had been ter). The Constitution had been his watch-woo
adopted rather increased than checked the practice. throughout; and if it had been corrupted theist
He knew this had been attributed to the cholera steer- neglect, the blame lay somewhere. Where there
bus, by which greater numbers of husbands were car- was a fault it ought to be retoedied. To return is
Tied off; but it increased in those parts where that the case before the House, he was resolved to persevere,
disease did not prevail. In the great city of Benares,
He begrederethdatnegth7 PseutPemitionAhcheerhonatad mlanzbo.upon
the
the number of immolations was one-fifth less than in
other parts of the country. In Calcutta and the to. table might be read.
whichT he
tbeet i t
pi Ponubwl i
ca s
at hr
een a rd, er e
aa dd,
iwai
cthq
u athein
tsue
db
:stai
tnceca
soi.
reign settlements, this practice was prohibited with-
out any evil consequence. He feared, however, that
the interference of Government would only increase
tocludrder an inquirypraying,edby
into d
thattheteHtrouutseh
of herwould be
it. The practice of burying alive, which prevailedstatepainie,leased
o
in one case, was completely put
down by the Su. by which an end would be put to that state of der.
preme Government. He trusted that, for the honour dation in.which she was placed.
of the British name, and of the Christian Religion Sir G. NOEL, in continuation, said, he would not
which they professed, this would also be put an end to. press the question if any of his Majesty's Ministers
The Petition was read, and ordered to lie on the table. would give a pledge to institute an inquiry thew
Mr. F. BUXTON moved for a copy of all comes- selves. He was not inclined to force on the case, if
pondence on the subject of infanticide in Hindostan, not compelled to it ; for no man could have a stronger
and of all.proceedings of the India Government re- objection than himself to make any statements, or to
lasting to the practice. do anything calculated to injure the Royal Family;
Mr. W. WYNN said, he did not rise to oppose the indeed there was no man more attached to the Royal
motion, but he feared the correspondence would not Family than he himself was ; he had worn the
give the Honourable Member the information he de- " Prince's button" for upwards of thirty years—(.l
sired.—The motion was agreed to. , laugh)—he had been very intimate with the King,
SCOTCH JURIES. who, when Prince Regent, had had an opportunity
Lord BINNING said, he wished to know from the of knowing that there was no class of his people more
Honourable Gentleman opposite(Me. Kennedy) when loyal or attached to his Royal Person than his (Sr
he meant to bring on the subject of Scotch Juries for G. Noel's) tenantry. If the Petitioner was an is.
discussion? . postor, her guilt would appear on inquiry—if, on de
Mr. KENNEDY said, he was most anxious to bring other hand, she was unjustly kept out of her birth
it forward at the earliest opportunity. It was not his right, in an inquiry that injustice would be awe
fault that it had been so long deferred. tanned, and redress would consequently follow; thus
EMPLOYMENT ON THE rooa IN IRELAND. in either case, the ends of justice would be attained
1 Mr. S. RICE rose to present a Petition from the The Hon. Baronet concluded by moving that the Pe.
Hibernian Philanthropic Society, praying that the tition of her Royal Highness Olive Princess of Caw
House would take some measures for promoting the berland, be referred to a Select Committee.
employment of the poor in Ireland. He should.take Mr. HUME seconded the motion. He said, be
that opportunity of asking the Right Hon. Gentleman knew nothing of the Petitioner, but he felt that it
was the duty of. Ministers to inquire into her claims,
the Secretary for Ireland, whether he should object
to. the appointment of a Committee to inquire into and set the matter at rest one way or another. The
the best means of employing the poor of that coon- document purporting to be the Will of his late Ma-
try ?—at no time had the attainment of that object jesty was in the possession of the Petitioner's cm&
been more desirable, or of so much importance, as at tots ; one of the subscribing witnesses to that dos*
the-present. He did not concur in all the opinions of ment was Mr. Dunning; and he was informed that
the Gentleman (Mr. Owen) with whom had origi- the only person now in existence capable of proving
nated the Society whose Petition he (Mr. Rice) had the handwriting of Mr. Dunning had sworn that, to
in his hand, but in one mode of providing employ. the best of his belief, the signature of that name was
ment for the poor he fully agreed with that Gentle- genuine. His late Majesty was said to have died air
man and with the Petitioners, namely, the introduc- testate, but he (Mr. Hume) thought, before that op
tion of a long-promised bill for promoting a general position had been acted upon, that the Will in nisi
system of draining in Ireland, by which the-necessity don ought to have been examined into and its sal.
for granting pecuniary relief to the poor there would dity decided upon. To an application from the Pa
be °belated. He begged leave to add that the Nei- titionet to the Lord Chancellor, all that the liable
don was signed by a number of respectable persons. and Learned Lord said in reply was, that he had as
Mr. GOULBURN was not disposed to object to or authority on the subject ; the only way, therefore, 111
oppose a motion for the appointment of a Committee which truth could be arrived at was through isuptio.
of the nature described by the Hon. Gentleman ; he He had himself seen a document in the handcarit*
would-go further, and say, that the appointment of of the late Duke of Kent, in which his Royal Iligle
such a Committee would give him sincere pleasure; ness expressed his belief that she was the legitimme
but he would, at the same time, say that he had daughter of the late Duke of Cumberland; seen,"
doubts with respect to the benefits that were antici- other mode by which justice could be done than .14
tweed from the proceedings of such a Committee. inquiry, he had risen to second the motion.
Mr. GRATTAN gave Mr. Owen credit for his in- Mr. Secretary PEEL said the worthy Baronet Mg
tendons, although he believed that the plans of that the Hon. Gentleman had imposed upon him a *
Gentleman were not practicable in Ireland. from which he would willingly have been cussed;
After a few words from Mr. S. Bice, the Petition for so ludicrous was the subject in itself, that
was ordered to be printed not imagined that it could by any pinata, he
in reply to a question put to him.by Mr.GRATTAN, gravely entertained. The worthy Baronet had de-
Mi. Secretary PEEL said, that undoubtedly some dared that he acted under " the Royal coaunsads"
reports had been received by his Majesty's Govern- of the Petitioner • and he (Mr. Peel) felt in 4.00'
assent from the Marquis Wellesley, besides those laid quence that the best course for him to purstiewoeirl
before the House ; but as their publication was not be to prove, even to the satisfaction of the Bea lb"
calculated to be of public service, they had been with. ronet himself, that the lady in question was preetisiog
held. lie wished to state, however, that there was no herself one of the most-impudent imposttnesthathat
objection to the production of any documents con- ever been attempted, or that she was the der'
aected with the proclaiming of any district in Ireland. some artful and infamous persons. But the no
OLIVE " PRINCESS OF CUMBERLAND." Baronet had not stated the case of the Petition'
Sir G. NOEL, pursuant to the notice he had given, therefore he (Mr. Peel) would. There lived in War
rose to call thr attention of the Housem the Petition wickshire two brothers of the name of Wilmot: 011 e
of this Lady. She had, he observed, been now for of them was a Doctor whose name was James; rtg
three years applying, but without effect, for the pay- other was named Robert. The Petitioner Nil tee
pent of a sum of money alleged to have been be- daughter of the latter, for thinly/SU proof of her blir
queathed to her by the will of the late Kiug, which tism as the daughter of Robert Wilmot, aad hi dau.
she declared to be necessary Tor the payment of her comparatively humble capacity the Petitioner bad
'eebts. He was an old Member of that House, though for many years been content to figure. Bat all sr
07ot an old speaker in it, and he feared that the cause once, in the year 1817, she discovered that she es'
this lady would not be much advanced. by any ad- not the daughter of Robert Wilmot, but of his Role
ventitious-aid from any eloquence of his. His was' Highness the late Duke of Cumberland; however's
*otthe eloquence which could make a bad cause ap- 1817, she did not profess to be more than the Meet
pear good ; but certainly he never would have taken mate daughter of that Prince. In that year she acrd
e present tf he had not thought it a good one— to be presented to his Majesty (then Prince Revo
thr, hear). He had thought that all the members a Petition, signed with her own name (Olivia Sooner
e Royal Family should belong to the Civil List, , The Petition was inclosed is a letter from a persaav
it.W. that some provision should be made for them. whom she had confided the particelars 01 ber
liewas'not aware that it was the prerogative of the who represented to his Majesty that the Petitiooer
._
Crown to. say which should be provided for,. and - die daughter of the late Duke of Cumberland. /al'
which not—that he could say to hit sister or to any Mrs. Payne, and that she was born in Warwick Cir
