$

• •

AFFAIRS OF SPAIN.

I \ IPORTANT SPANISH DOCUMENTS, PUBLISHED BY
THE 'PATRIOTIC CHIEFS.

THE KINGDOM OP GALICIA, AND THE 45KNTEAL
COUNCIL OP GOVERNMENT.
. Coitmna, the 4tb June, 1508.
BRAVE SraNtanns--The abdication of his kingdom
by our Sovereign Ferdinand VII. officially communi-
cated to us, is the most striking proof of the violence
he suffers. He thereby manifests to us his want of
• liberty and power, and the grief he feels on being com-
pelled, by despotism and tyranny, to separate himself
from his subjects ; he implicitly demands our assis-
tance. It is intended to substitute in his place a
haughty and perfidious tonqueror, who meditates the
effusion of your blood, to satiate his sanguinary ap-
, •
petite and his boundless ambition, as he has hitherto
profusely shed the blood of the noble, brave, and loyal 1
French nation. He means to drag, by main force,
the most illustrious Spanish youths, whither the good
faith °four Monarch has already sent a great part of
them, without any other object than to aggrandize a
man, for whom the world does not appear to be suffi-
ciently extensive, and who gluts on human blood.—
The reward of that generous act, has been a perfidious
conduct, unprecedented in the annals of civilized tie-
' • tions. The stratagems, the frauds, the treacheries,
are notorious, ivhich Napoleon has employed to in-
troduce, in the quality of an intimate All and a faith.
Jul Friend, his toot's rb our very capital, and makes
himself master of tiv• fortresses on our frontiers ' • to
harass the feelings of our Monarch ; to cause dis-
turbances among the people ; to rob us of our King,
Princes, and Infante, and to controul, with an iron
hind, the deliberation of our Government, which,
vi-..1,•.,,it liberty, gives orders which it abhors, ruled as
_ t.11.•y are by a foreign Regent and intruder. This
• scandalous conduct, and that which he has commit-
ted with regard to Etruria, and our neighbours, the
. Portuguese, point out to us the degree of fidelity and
_ faith which we may expect from the high sounding
promises with which he means to cloak his malignant
designs, treating us as a people at once insensible and
' dastardly. .i •
. Shall - a cultiyated, brave, and generous nation,
bend its neck under the yoke of perfidy ? Shall if
anew itself to be insulted by injuries--the most per&
dious, inunoral anddisgraceful ; committed in the fat,*
'of the whole world, and sabilit tQ thtPlost humiliating
slavery prepared for it ? No, Wile galicians, s
are not the dictates of your noble minds. Glowing
with-the most virtuous ardour anctuoblest enthusiasm,
. you have already expressed your sentiments, worthy
of the praise and imitation of all Spaniards. You
rather wish to die, than to see your independence
trampled under foot, your teligiost d 100,04, your
King in captivity, and your country threatened with
a yoke equally burdensome and unjust. Quicken the
generous sentiments of your noble minds. Fly to
arms. not like that monster, to indulge an inordinate
ambition • notlike him, to violate the rights of huma-
nity and the law of nations ; not to render us odious
. .
to mankind ; not to Offend a generous and friendly
nation, ruled by a monster already become insuffer-
able upon earth. Fly to arms, to assist your country-
men ; to rescue your King from eaptivity ; to restore
to our Government liberty, energy, and vigour ;—to
preserve your lives and those of pont- chUdren ; to
. maintain the uncontrouled right of enjoying and dis-
posing of your property ; to assert the independence
.. of your native soil ; and, above all, to defend your
sacred religion.' Employ the arms which she tenders ;
arm your minds with the fear of Goa ; implore the
aid of the immaculate Conception, and of the gloricns
Apostle St. James, our Patron ; and Confident of suc-
cess in so glorious a cause, rush forth to grasp the vic-
• spry which is prepared for you by their intercession,
and the justice of your cause.
And ye, Corporations and private individuals, who,
from your situation and circumstances, cannot take up
arms, assist your brethren with your property and for-
tunes. You are concerned more than any other sub-
ject in this demand ; sacrifice spontaneously part of ,
your property, that you may not be deprived of the'
whole by violence. Do not delay that sacrifice a mo-
ment, if you wish that by the prompt execution of a
well.combined plan, the fury of an enemy be checked,
who is accustomed at all times to act with the rapidity
of lightning. Divest yourselves of all private views,
and hesitate not ; for otherwise you yourselves, your
-rives, children, and families, will become the victims
of the most inveterate revenge. (Signed)
DON MANUEL ACHA, Sec.
The,,Council General of the Principality must not
lose a Moment to publish the following letter, which
has been just received from their King Ferdinand VII.
and the authenticity of which is ascertained by one of
the Members of the Council, who possesses the most
unquestionable knowledge thereof. On the first cover
is the superscription—" To the Royal Assemblage of
Oviedo." The second is superscribed—" To the Chief
if Arise of Asturias."
" NOBLE ASTORIA)49-1 am surrounded on all sides; and a
victim of perfidy. You saved Spain under worse circumstanees
than the present. Being now prisoner, I demand not from you
the Crown, but I require that, concerting a well digested plan
with the neighbouring provinces, you do assert your liberty, and
slot submit to a foreign yoke, nor subject yourselves to the trea-
cherous enemy, who despoils of Ms rights your unfortunate
" Bayonne, May 8,1808. " PRINCE FERDINAND."
To expressions so energetic and impressive the Coun-
cil ought not to add any observation ; but with the
most poignlnt grief they mingle their tears with those
of all their beloved and faithful counymen, to whom
the letter is communicated.
JUAN DE ARGUEILEg TORAl.,ting
_At Secretary.
Oviedo; May se, 1805. . .
. PROCLAMATION
OF THE COUNCIL GENERAL OF THE PRINCIPALITY.
Loyal Asturian--Beloved Countrymen, your first
wishes are already fulfilled. The priricipality dis-
• charging those duties which are most sacred to men,
has already forMally declared war against France,
You. May• perhaps • dread this vigorous resolution.'
But whatother measuren could or ought we to adopt I
Shall tVere found one single man among us, who
prefers the vile and ignominious death of slaves to the
glory of dying on the field of honour, with arms in
Us• hand; defending our Unfortunate Monarch, our
hOmes; dur children, and ow Wives ? If the very mo-.
- went, when those bands of banditti were receiving
LL
the kindest osces and favours from the inhahitgits of
1,
our capital, they murdered in cold blood upwards of
two thoo4nd 'people; for no other reason, than their
Having defended their insulted brethren, what could
