LAW REPORT:

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, ItE-STAIINSTER, Faa.l4.
BELVOII V. ELLISTONa. ••
Mr. COMYN opened the pleadings s Mr. TAUNTON stated the case
to the Jury.
This was an action by an attorney to recover
1441185. 6J. the amount of his bill, incurred as. Par-
liamentary agent for the defendant. In 1818 the de-
fendant and a Gentleman named Gordon, having gene
into the country for the purpose of canvassing -the in-
depetWent electors of the Borough of Wootton-Basset,
,the pliiintiff's clerk, Joseph Randolph Mullins, waited
on them to offer his services, as he was acquainted with
the voters and local interests of the borough. His
was accepted, and he was variously_ employed in the
bu,iness °lithe approaching election till poling com-
menced;_ Iris services continued, a contested election
ensued, and a subsequent petition against the return.,
in which I,e was also concerned. On examining the bill'
of his late master (Mr. Beevor), he stated that be
(Mullins) had been more liberally paid than the items
there charged; and -on cross-examination it appeared,
that he had received from Colonel Elliston, on account
of this transaction, 1,5001. which money Mr. M. stated
was to be by himself disposed of for special purposes.
Mr. SCARLET?, for the defendant, contended that,
there was no evidence of a bill having been delivered,
and that it was rather a singular charge to be made at
the expiration of five years, when so large a sum as
15001. had been received without beiog accounted for.
Mr. Mullins had admitted, that during the time this
business was performed, he was Mr. Beevot's clerk, and,
had told the defendants that he could not act without
Mr. Beevor's consent. Mr. Beevor must thirefore vied
count for the -1600/. received by his clerk, for whose
services he was now charging, and supporting his case
by a witness, who says in one character, "I received
the 1,5001." but in another character, " I did the business."
The Loma Quer Jussics having summed up and remarked upon
gm evidence.
Mr. Tausvox said be would withdraw the steord.—Noosuit
entered accordingly.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, Fltinteawc 14.
WILLIAMS V. GA/tROD.
Mr. Sergeant VAUGHAN said, that. this was an action
of tresspass and false imprisonment—to which the de.
fendant pleads:lithe-general issue. The plaintiff was a
professional Gentleman; and the defendant was also
connected with the law, being a clerk to a Chancery
Barrister, and. he was occasionally " dressed in a little
brief authority," at night sitting as constable in the
Roll,' watch-house. On the 15th or 16:h of July last
the plaintiff•and some friends were going down Chan-
cery-lane, rather late at night, the plaintiff and a friend
wet e waiting a short distance before their two friends,
one of whom said to a watchman in a good-humoured
way," why,Cbarlie, your stick is grown a little shorter,"
land Charlie being a pleasant fellow, look the observe-
tioa equally good humouredly. As the party pro.
ceeded a little way, the defendant came up, and passing
the two Gentlemen behind, addressed himself to the
plaintiff by saying—" What business had you to insult
the watchman in such a manner?' • The plaintiff not
knowing anything of the circumstance, told tlke de(end.
ant to go about his business, on which the defendant
took him to the Rolls watch-house, where the Termer
sat in dignified state. The watch-house door walloCked
and chained, anti the watchman sent for to substantiate
charges againat the plaintiff. The watchman, ho*ever,
said, he had no charge to make—.that the plaintiff had
not molested him. The plaintiff, after having been
detained and insulted for some time, was told to depart, I
and on his as constable for his name, was, for
some time, honoured with no answer, but at length the
defendant gave his name. But when the plaintiff asked
the watchman wire bad taken him into custody to give
his name also, the constable lost sight of his usual dis-
'Cernment, and said to the watchman, " Potter, don't
tell your name."—(G,eal laughter). -
The LOMA Caner Jnersca—ProbaWy Porter was only bistalßee?
Serjeant VAUGHAN—Oh. no, Porter was his very mune—
, (Great laughter). The defendant refused to make any apology for
his conduct, and the plaintinprought this'action fur the interests of
justice. The plaintiff only wanted moderate damages.
Evidence was called to pi ove this statement. and
The Jury gave a verdict for the "taint ilf—Dam ages One Shil-
ling, but the cost. to be divided.
The Lose Cuter Jvsvcz said, that could not be, he could no

•
certify.
I'he Jury said, that their object in dividing the costs wee to dis-
courage persons from bringing such trifling actions.
The L‘au Cmier Jusstec LIU, in that case hr wooki certainly
certify, and each. party must thus pay his own costs,

MIDDLESEX SISSIONS.—These Sessions commenced
yesterday cool ning before E. CONST, Esq. and a Bench
of Magistrates. The traverse paper is by ro means
heavy ; there are, however, a 1;n:a number of larcenies
for trial. In the course of the day the Grand Jury
returned into Court a true bill against Edward Lawson
and James Lawson for felony, in having resisted the
process which the ofticets of Worsliip-street were inf
strutted to serve upon them. The.indictment is under
the Act tor cutting and .maiming, in:roduced by Lord
;1 ELLENBAMOUGHI and-commonly known as his Act.
The hotestant Dissenting Ministers of the three
denominations, residing atut.about the Cities of-Lun-
oon and West minget, .adopted, tritailitnouslyt a
petition to the Legislature, p7alivg for tLe speedy and
11,01.111 suppiestion of slavery u, the BriciAr Cott:sties.
