HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SrcAzea came to the House at a quarter past two. At half-
past two he was summoned to attend in the House of Peers, and
was accompanied by several Members.
The Sreasea returned to the House at a quarter to four, and in-
farmed the House, that be had issued writr for Cornwall, in the
room of Sir W. Lemon, deceased; and fur Cambridge, in the
room of Mr. Cheere, deceased.
Mr. EI.I.ICE moved for a new Writ for the county of Donegal,
in the room of Lord Mountcharles, deceased.
Mr. LOISHINGION moved for a new Writ fur Newton, in
Lancashire, in the room of Mr. Claughton.
The Clandestine Outlawry Bill was brought in and read.
THE KING'S SPEECH.
The SPEAKER said, that he had been in the House of Peers
to hear his Majesty's Speech for opening Parliament, and that to
prevent mistakes he had obtained a copy.—(He then read the
Speech, far which see the STAR of yesterday.)

• .
Loid FRANCIS LEVISON GOWER, the Mover
of the Address, spoke to the following effect rise,
Sir, for the purpose of moving au Address to his Ma-
jesty, to express to his Majesty the sense which this
House entertains of the gracious Speech which we have
just heard. 1 believe, Sir, there are sometimes periods
in a nation's career when the national prosperity issither
raised so high, or depressed so low, that but one gene-
ral sensation as to the real state of the country pervades
every class of the community ; when one uniform feel-
ing, springing vp spontaneously, and arising from no
process of reason or argument, exists in every bo.
som; when those who are uninitiated in the mys-
teries of Government, or the details of Adminis-
tration, are conscious of the same great truths as those
to whom the direction of our political machinery is
committed. I believe the present epoch, to which it
has fallen to, my lot to direct the attention of the house,
to be one of those to which I have alluded. Classing
myself among the uninitiated persons—having no
clam to that ex,ent and accuracy of knowledge with
regard to the interests of the country, which I respect
and envy in so many whom I see before me, and around
me. it is my own share of that general feeling which
I believe to pervade the country, on which I ground
my confident anticipation, that this House will meet
with its cordial concusrence the language of Hs
Speech, with Respect to the general prospe-
rity of the country. I am happy to think that the
present circumstances of the country tench- it untie-
crirary for me so enter into aay minute details. In
speaking of the general prosperity of the country, 1
1111'w or no local or geographical exception, if I ma)
be allowed that expression. I know of no exception-as_
to any particular district or province of the Bi itish do-
whether in England, Wales, Scotland, or, I
4m ii•!vy to add, lielaud. Hoilourabie Gentlenien
bare been in accustomed to the voice of lamentation,
lrbssever the state of Ireland has been alluded to, that

some may feel disposed to start it language more
cheering and consolatory. I think, however, that the
indications of improvement in that country fully
bear, out the language of his Majesty Speech.—
British enterprise is already beginning to exercise a sa-
lutary operation in that country, by giving increased
energy and activity to those pui suits which tend to the
improvement and civilization of mankind. British ca-
pital, the instrument of that enterprise, is already insi-
nuating its salutary juices into the exhausted veins of
that country. Above all, that tranquillity, which is
the only basis on which improvement can permanently
rest, reigns in Ireland to a degree which is almost un-
paralleled in our recollection. These are the indications
of improvement which warrant us in indulging the hope
that ere long the tide of afflireece and prnsierity which
is fertilizing the land in this country, will flow in all its
strength and richness on the shores of Ireland. But it
cannot be disguised, Sir, that there are features in the
present situation of Ireland, that there are topics con-
nected with its present circumstances, less pleasing than
those to which I have hitherto adverted. As a friend
to every measure which can promote the happiness of
that country--as a steady friend u one measure, which,
though not a panacea for all its evils, ranks high among
the remedies which may be applied to them ; as a friend
to Catholic Emancipation, I cannot omit the opportu-
nity which the present occasion a fford s the of expressing
my feeling with regard to the Catholic Association—of
expressing, not any animosity, not any unbecoming
contempt of that body or its members, nor, I will add,
any undue degree of fear of its power and influence,
which I believe to have been grossly exaggerated,
but my regret, my sincere :egret, at its existence,
and my ardent wishes for its speedy
I grudge the orators of tint country no vent for the
exuberance of their diction, and the richness of their
imagination, which so honourably distinguish them,bti t I
anticipate no possible beneficial result from the proceed-
ings of this body, but I see many evils likely to arise
from a continuance of the power of indulging in the
flow of their eloquence, and the richness of their pe-
riods. I hive no wish to exaggerate, on the one hand,
the indications of improvement which I think may be
observed in the aspect of Ireland, or, on the other
hand, to exaggerate the evils which may spring from
the Catholic Association, hut I cannot but express my
hope that neither the violence of this body, nor the
equally pernicious virulence of Orange insanity may
long be allowed to check the progress of improvement
in that country. But we may be told that fresh troops
are to be raised—'tis true fresh troops are to be raised,
but not for Ireland ; and I believe I shall be correet in
stating, that it is not in the contemplatioh of his Ma-
jesty's Government to increase the forces in Ireland by
a single man. The observation which I have just
made leads me to that portion of his Majesty's Speech
which I think calculated to excite considerable interest ;
I mean that in which his Majesty announces his. inten-
tion ot requesting this House to supply the means of
increasing the armed forced of the country—(llenr).
In India a large force has been necessarily put in mo-
tion to repel the unjust aggression of a barbarous
neighbour. The distance of the scene of operations,
and the want of information in consequence of that
distance, have precluded us from obtaining any minute
details; suffice it, however, to say, that wherever Bi itish
arms have been raised. either to smite or to save, our
reputation has been upheld in that as in every other
quarter of the world. It is to he observed to the House
and the country, that a war, such as that which existed
in India at the time the Fast accounts reached us, called
for arrangements by which the ordinary system by
which exchange of regiments between this country and
India was conducted, must necessarily be deranged, and
I am sure the House will see the necessity of supplying
the vacancies which would be produced from this cause.
The increased supply of troops destined for the service
of India will not, however, add to the burthen of this
country, since India is capable of supporting her own
expenditure. In examining the numerical strength of
the forces in other parts of our foreign possessions, we
shall be equally convinced of the expediency of the
proposed increase. Wires a war was raging in the
immediate neighbourhood of our possessions in the Me-
diterranean, it might be supposed expedient, that, with-
out attempting to rival the standing armies of the Con-
tinent, we should have some more disposable force than
would he just necessary for mounting guard at Gibral-
tar, and doing garrison-duty at Malta or Corfu.—
In other quarters of the world—for instance, in the
West Indies—troops would naturally be drawn away
from the complement which was necessary for the
protection of Canada. Upon these local grounds I feel
confident that the House will fully concur in the neces-
sity of a further increase of the forces of the country.
There is, however, no reason to suppose that there will
be any interruption in our amicable relations with other
Powers. The House will have pleasare in hearing, that
the mediation of this country has been successfully ex-
erted between Russia and Turkey, and that the efforts
of this country have been gratefully acknowledged by
both those Powers. The House must also have learnt
with pleasure, that his Majesty's endeavours to effect
the abolition of the Slave Trade in every part of the
world, have continued unremitted and unabated, and
that a treaty between this country and Sweden has been
concluded for the promotion of that object. It cannot but
be lamented, that an obstacle arising from the nature of
the Constitution of the United States of America should
have prevented the completion of a similar treaty.—
I proceed to notice a part of his Majesty's Speech,
which, cannot fail to excite the most inteuse interest in
this country, and in every part of the civilised world—
I allude to the announcement of his Majesty's intention
to enter into commercial treaties with certain newly
organised States of South America, wlikh have estab-
lished their own form of Government. The object of
these Treaties issone of which I need not point out the
necessity to the Representative Assembly ot the greatest
commercial Nation that ever existed in the world ; it is
that of consolidating those commercial interests and re-
gnlations without which the merchant is apt to assume
the character of an adventurer, and trade becomes a
speculation. It. is needless to remind the House, that,
in her just attention to her interests, England did not
interpose during the struggle between Spain and
her Colonies. A Bill, which has undergone repeated
discussion in this House, whatever may be its merits,
clearly demonstrates that England had no sual inten-
tion. Ministers foresaw that a period would arrive when
measures of this kind might become necifsn ly. Lithe
meantime their course of policy istas left to malte its
way ; answers and explanations were freely given wall
who required them ; and now, in, the fulness of time, we
see those political predictions *progress of tattoo:).
plith ment—(fiear , hear.) This is er4.o, j feel as to the
manner in which the transactions were coaducte4, gad
I d well on this part of the subject Witt, tae Wre

. .

anxiety, because there was another manner which
Might have been adopted, by Which the right,. of
the mother country would have been invaded--
I can suppose a case, in which the British Government.
might have taken a course which would have given just
cause of offence to Spain, which might have irritated
the pride of the Monarch and Ministers of that country.'
and justified them in calling on their allies to make
comfnon cause with them against our aggression ; and
which might have raised the standard of war upon a
principle which, next to a religious conflict, might be
the most, inextinguishable source of miseries to man-
kind. We might, when the struggle was in progress,
have proclaimed a Consq!ution, when the insurgent flag
was hoisted, and in so doing we should have committed
an essential act of hostility. I wish to set the conduct
of Government in its proper light, and with this view I
would appeal to history ; I would place it side by side
with the conduct of France in the American war, at the
time when she tampered with our envoys; when,
" Willing to wound, and yet afraid to strike,"
her timidity forced us into the struggle. I would re-
peat the speeches and declarations of France, the answe•
of Gibbon, and the declarations in the House of Gor
vernor Turner—(Cheers).—l hope when these treaties
come to be read, they will tend still further to increase
the commercial prosperity of the country, which is at
present at a height unexampled in history—(Hear).—
Of our internal trade, it is impossible to furnish any
test whereby we can ascertain with accuracy the extent
of its improvement; but if we can form a judgment
from all the inJications that sort ound us, it was never
before carried to so great an extent. Or our foreign
trade, we can speak with accuracy, and that branch
of our national prosperity, o e can confidently de-
clare, has undergone a considerable augmentation—
(Hear, hear, hear). On the subject of the newly-
acknowledged States of South A arerica, I wish to make
one observation, which I have seen in two woe ks which
were written on the subject. The one was the produc-
tion of a Frenchman, the other was written by a citizen
of the United States, and in both these there is a very
strong, and at the same time a very natural national
jealousy expressed at the direction of trade towards
England. I sincerely hope that the perusal of those
treaties will increase this fortunate tendency—(Cheers).
Our commerce is now happily freed from those silly re-
strictions, which, bottomed upon false principles, im-
peded its free course. Those absurd enactments are now
expunged from the text-book of political economy—
(Cheers). To what extent our commerce may reach,
what or whether any limits can be affixed to the spirit
of British industry, is a subject for the s;'eculations of
the political philosopher, or ingenious traveller.- I shall
therefore leave these matters to the Halls and-the Huns-
boldts of the day ; for myself, I shall remain satisfied,
with the conviction, that England has not yet run her
course: that the soil is not yet exhausted, out of which
the sturdy growth of this great empire has sprung up,
and that many rich harvests still remain to be reaped
by generations yet unborn—(Loud Cheers) The Noble
Lord then read the Address, which was an echo of
the Speech.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON rose to second the mo-
tion. In presenting himself to the notice of the House,
a
he felt conscious that he stood in need of large por-
tion of its indulgence ; but, at the same time he must
acknowledge, in justice to the- Honourable Mover of
the Address, that the very eloquent manner in which
he had illustrated the various and important topics con-
-Wised id his Majesty's Speech, relieved him from much
of the task he had attempted; distinguished as that
Speech had been by matter of the deepest interest, and
'furnishing cause of congratulation more gratifying that
ever fell to the lot of the Ministers of this or any other
country. It was highly satisfactory that his Majesty
continued to receive from foreign Powers the most con.
dial assurances of their friendly disposition towards this
country, and that there was no prospect of interrupt.
ing the peace now subsisting, and which had so mainly
contributed to raise this country to its present unexam-
pled state of prosperity. Here he could not help refer.
ring to what had lately occurred in France, the circum•
stances connected with which afforded a strong proof
of a happy change in the feelings and dispositions of
the people of that country-&-he alluded to the demise
of the late King of France—..an event which was cone
templated by the people of every State in Europe with
a considerable degree of anxiety. The termination of
the life of Lours XVIII. was regarded as the last hope
of happiness: but, thanks to DIVItaIPROVIDENCE, men's
expectations had been deceived. We had beheld the
sceptre of the King of France descend into the hands
of his successor without the slightest commotion—thus
satisfactorily exhibiting to the world that the dynasty
rested on the most solid basis. It :hewed how perma-
.nent were likely to be the advantages we now enjoyed,
and was a satisfactory pledge of a lasting peace. It
also stewed how rapidly this country was approaching
that state which might be viewed as affording indemnity
for the past sacrifices it had made in the accomplish.
ment of the great work, the general peace and trim.
quility of Europe. The opinion of the present King
of France had been strongly exemplified by his resto-
ration of the liberty of the press. During the contest
between France and Spain, England remained, as it was
her policy to do, completely neutral. She was then
enabled to lay down the foundation of those-diplomatic
arrangements which she had since been enabled to carry
into effect. She was enabled to enter into commercial
alliances with Buenos Ayres, Colombia, and Mexico,
where she found the Governments respectively esta-
blished. Having .thus given a sketch of our foreign
relations, he would proceed to the next topic embraced
by his Majesty's most gracious Speech. The House had
been already apprised of the intention of the Govern.'
ment to augment the military strength of the country.
It was highly gratifying to be able to state that this in.
crease could be made without imposing any great bur-
den on the country. The persevel ance, the wisdom,
and sound policy evinced by the Ministers in the admi-
nistration of the country, would justify the House in
continuing to afford them their confidence and support..
The next subject which claimed their attention was thtt
state of Ireland. Ireland was a topic which had been,
epeatedly recommended to the attention of the House;
but it was much to be regretted that, whilst British
capital was diffusing itself throughout that country—
whilst the blessings arising from her commercial inter-
course with this country were developing them-
selves every day—and whilst measures were in pro-
gress for ameliorating the condition of the Irish popu-
lation—it was, he would repeat, to be -regretted that
those beneficial effects should be retarded by the obtru-
sive interference of certain individuals—he would say,
misguided individuals, who inflamed the people by their
addresses, and levied a species of tax on the population,
with no other object than to enable these mistaken per-
sons to overawe the Par4anierit. Under sneh circUm-

/

stances he saw but one course for the House to take: for
. •

-hit own part, he would take this opportunity of 'de-
claring, that he was-adverse to any further corierssiOns
to the Roman Catholic. body ; and he would avail him-
self of a future occasion to state the reasons for this opi-
nion. The worthy Alderman then orocceded to ob-
serve on the vast improvement in the agriculture arid
trade of the country. Surely it mu.a excite a feeling
of the greatest pleasuie in the minds of every one who
heard him, to find that, after so long a war, and after
such an immense expense as we • had incurred, the
country had not merely recoverd from a state of ex.
haustion, but that she h id raised herself to a height of
prosperity and glory not equalled by her at any former
period. The best proof of which this observation was
susceptible he had an Opportunity of laying before the
House—namely, the increase of our Revenue. The
improvement in the Excise branch of the Revenue af-
forded the best criterion of the increased pro-perity of
the country. The improvement in this department for
the year just concluded was equal to 1:1,100,000, as
compared with the Excise returns r f 1823: In the
Customs these had. been an increase in the same pro-
portion. In-all parts of the country the population was
happy and contented, following the peaceful pursuits of
agriculture or mechanism. The Honnurable Goole-
man then dwelt on the advantages which aceruedltithe
country from the ilitroduction of a liberal system of
commerce, which had been happily estabished and per-
severed in, notwithstanding the gi eat opposition eine!'
had been given to it from various quarte: F. The ex-
ports this year were in amount half a tr iilion moo: than
those of last ytir, being the iarg.:.t aniouia of ex, orts
ever made from this country. Sac') was the natural
result of a course founded oil unto ing principles. Let
the Government then proceed steadily in this course-
let them invite tl.e foreign merchant to their shores, by
granting him the necessary lacilities in his vegociations,
and by a liberal system of intercourse impartially and
steadily acted on. Thus shall they improve the re-
sources of the country, and consolidate her prosperity.
Thus would Ministers beenabled to make some further
reductions in the taxation. Ministers had acquired the
confidence of the Public; the Public naturally enter-
tained high expectations from them; their hopes would
not be disappointed, and every fresh measure of the
Government, he was assured, would only justify the
good opinion of the peoples and would excite them to
continue it. He would wish to see the restrictive sys-
tem gradually removed, whilst he would protect the
interest of the farmer ; he was an advocate for the re-
peal of the Corn Laws; but he would not wish to see
them removed unless a duty was imposed which, would
be equivalent to the amount of the Poor Rates. It was
a happy.consideration that those who had been most
interested for the continuance of monopolies, and who
had been the last to discover their injurious tendency to
the commerce of the• country, were now amongst the
foremost to disclaim the system and to assist in-its abo-
lition. The merchants who invigorated the national
industry acknowledged the inexpediency of monopolies.
In short, the country, in her commerce, her trade, and
her agriculture, in every department of
_industry and
arts, exhibited that happy state of prosperity which jus-
tifiedhim in applying to her the language which was
addressed by the people of Rome to one of their Em-
perors, IYiI ortuns alias, nil oriturum tale ententes. (Hear.)
Mr. BROUGHAM rose to address the House. He
regretted to state, that he was under the necessity, not
only of expressing his dissent from, but also of entering
his solemn protest against some, and those not the least
important, parts of the Speech which had just been
read to them. He, at the .same time, seas bound to
state, that other parts had his :cordial and willing ap-
probation. Neith.t could he, in making that statement,
lay claim to any excess of candour, as the measures to
which he alluded had been urged from his. side-of the
House upon a:succession of. A dministratiens. The doc-
trines that he and his friends had advocated had long
been treated as a visionary code, and at times been
termed jacobinical ; but those doctrines had not only
been adopted, but made the subject of congratulation
in the Speech from the Throne. He had himself, eight _
years baclwrocemmended the repeal of the Navigation
Laws, though that measure had only been carried into
effect within the last two years. Other- changes pm-
posed from his-side had also been treated as mere
theories; but Ministers had taken a leaf out of the blackest
book to him and his friends, and lie, for one, re-

joiced that just, and philorphical, and statesmanlike
principles had at length been recommended in the
Speech from the Throne. He trusted that Ministers
would persevere in the course they had commenced,:
It had been said, that at the Customs two and two
did not make four; and it had appealed, that by a
lower rate of duty the revenue had been increased. He
trusted that a reduction would take place in the duty
on wine, and an equalization of .the duty on foreign
wines would lead to a better arrangement with the
French Government, by which the total of the revenue
would be increased. He (Mr. B.) also approved of the
liberal policy adopted by Ministers, in r:crgnizing
the great empires of South America. It would to= in.
vidioss to examine minutely into the motives of such
conduct, and to appreciate exactly how much was due
to Ministers, and how much to public opinion. But all
must admit that much was due to the exertions of his
Hon. and Learned Friend (Sir J. Mackintosh). Still
he wai disposed to give just praise to Government for
yielding to the voice of the Peoi.le. When tonching
upon this branch of the Speech, it could not fail to
recur to him, that many a long yc ar before Mexico,
Colombia, Buenos Ayres, or Peru, had even dreamt of
nobly struggling for, and establishing their independ.
ence, there was a struggle for liberty, a fighting stand
to conquer national independence, made by another
people, who had embarked in a successful con:est for
personal and individual freed Im—he meant the great
island of St. Domingo, which had long and long since
succeeded in establishing its entire independence, upon
a more peaceable, and now a more assured footing,
than even Buenos Ayres or Colombia, the best estab.
lished of the new South Americ to States. His belief
was, that at the onset cf the St. Domingo hvolutieti,
England was hostile to the interests of the natives of
that island ; she became so from the cruel situatibn of
her people as slave-nsasters. This it was which blindly
led her to dislike the emancipation of the slaves of St.
Domingo. But a new state of things had since arisen,
and the question of slavery
could be connected with i'

rest ; for the natives had
selves, and the island had ,
ful empire, one which had
prosecting branch of the
he woald ask was liberal
Was all justice to be confined
chance hams* it was

very, so Iry as S. Dotpiago
it, had been lcng since set at
d entirely emanospated thew
I become a thriving astpsaver.
id a right to be iocladetatisstba
British colonial system Bat
eral policy to stop short bete?
fined to spaaish Anweide. peei,
beneficial to poilkil.Wal,lo. Sc •
:v
•

It
