KOSCI USKO.

Thadina Kosciusko, citizen soldier, one of the last and most illus-
trious defenders of the independence of Poland, his unfortunate coun-
try, was born in the year 17:Vi, of it noble but poor family, and received
his first education at Warsaw, in the company of cadets. lie diatin.
guiebed himself among them by his good conduct, his application to
study. his knowledge of the mathematics, and of the art of drawing.
The first prize young Kosciusko's merit obtained was to be included in
the number of the four students, who were sent, at the public expense,
into foreign countries to perfect their studies. Ile remained several
years in France, constat tly applied to the study of science, and particu-
cularly to that which relates to the art of war, relaxing from his labours
to cultivate letters and the fine arts. On his return to Poland he ob-
tained military service, and was named commander of a company ; but
his country having then no urgent need of his arm, and the banner of
liberty floating in the New World, Kosciusko has.ened to cross the
Atlantic, and offer his services to General Washington. The American
hero soon had an opportunity of appreciating the valour and military
talents of the Polish warrior; he wade him his adjutant, gave hint his
entire confidence, and employed him in the mast difficult affairs. The
companion of Lafayette, I.:meth, Dumas, and of oilier French soldiers,
he acquired their unlimited esteem and friendship. lie was loaded
with the praises of the celebrated Franklin, and received the public
thanks of the Congress of the thirteen United Provinces. The order of
Cincinnatus was also granted him, but he soon ceased, with the greater
part of the American republicans, to distinguish himself from other
citizens by an exterior decoration, which added nothing to his glory, and
infringed the laws of equality. After the peace, and the solemn recog-
nition of the Independence of the United States of America by England,
and by the other European powers, Kosciusko returned to Poland. He li
there lived in retirement until 1789. At that epoch King Stanialaus
and the Polish diet attempted to oppose the domineering influence of
the Empress Catherine 11. and her allies. Kosciusko was nominated
General. Major by the diet. The 3d May, 1791, the diet, the King
and all the Polish nation adopted with enthusiasm a free constitution ;
but they had neglected to solicit of the great autocrat of all the Rus.
sias the permission of being flee and happy, and she sent an army to
chastise this people whom she already treated as rebels. 'rite young
Prince Joseph Poniatowsky was intrusted with the defence of his coun.
try against the invasion of the Russians. Kosciusko held under him
the command of a division, performed prodigies of valour throughout
all the campaign, and excited a genera! enthusiasm in the army, by his
brilliant conduct at the bloody engagement of Dubienska. But his
zeal, and pure blood split for his country, could not save her from a fo-
reign yoke. The weak Stanislaus, intimidated by the menaces of her,
who had not always shown hint so much rigour, hastened to negociate
and at last submitted to the retire will of Catherine. As soon as the
shameful treaty of slavery was concluded, Koscuisko and 16 other pa.
triot chiefs retired from their employments. A short time after, he
was forced to exile himself from his country, subjugated by the Rus-
sians, and he retired to Leipsiek. The legislative assembly of France
honoured his patriotism by sending to him the tide of krench citizen.
In the beginning of 1794, he returned by a circuitous route to Poland,
having been informed that the patriots of Warsaw were ready to be-
gin a revolutionary movement, and that there was no time to lose, since
the Russians were disbanding successivelyall the national troops. Kos-
ciusko entered the town of Cracow in the month of Feb. at the moment
hladalinsky was ordered by the Russian General Tgelstrow to Been-
date his regiment; but, instead of obeying, Madalinsky unfurled the
standard of liberty, and drove the Russians from Cracow. On the 24th
of March, the citizens of that town, drew up the act of Polish indepen-
dence, and issued their proclamations in every part of the kingdom.
Kosciusko was declared supremechief of the national forces, and Invested
with a general dictatorship, as well for military and civil affairs as for
political relations with the foreign powers. His wisdom and modera-
tion were well known, and no other limits were placed to his power, save
those of his virtue. He proved himself worthy of that high confidence,
and even his enemies could never accuse him of making a bad ute of
his authority. The first use he made of it was to quit Cracow, and to
put himself at the bead of 4,000 men. the arms of the greater part of
whom were pikes and scythes. With this feeble corps, arid without
artillery, he did not hesitate to march against 12,000 RusAians, amply
Provided with ammunition of all sorts. There was not a moment to
ose : other troops of the enemy were on the point of forming a junction
with these. Kosciusko exhorted his soldiers to follow his example—to.
vanquish or die, He attacked the Russians with the greatest impel
tusk'', near Wraclawec, completely defeated them, took twelve pieces
of cannon, and made 3,000 prisoners. His soldiers were worthy of
their chief : a body of peasants, armed only with scythes, were seen pre-
cipitating themselves on the Russian batteries, and carrying then' off:
After several successful actions he repaired to Warsaw to organize the
government ; but the approach of a new and formidable enemy soon
forced him to quit it to engage again in fresh combats. The King of
Prussia entered Poland at the head of an army of 40,000 men : Kosci-
usko had bat about 16,000 to oppose him. He was, however, bold
enough,to attack thePeessfaus Dear Szeekociny, on the memorable Bth of
June. The battle was bloody, and the victory long undecided. After
having had two horses killed uaderhim, and lost a great nonsber ofmen,
Kosciusko succeeded, howeter, in occupying a strong position before
Warsaw, and in covering that town which the Prussians could not take.
The King of Prussia having united fresh forces, with whoa: several
Russian corps had formed a junction, immediately invested the town.—
But he employed in vain all the ton ounces of force and art to reduce it
the citizens were menaced with total destruction tba Polish officers
were offered the continue,ion elf their ranks and new favours if they
would abandon Kosciusko. They all renewed their oath to conquer or
perish with him. During two months the most guinary engagements
took place every day. A general assault was at length resolved on ;
but the patriots repulsed ths Prussians and Rauh= with considerable
lose. Frederick William then saw himself raise the siege,
and to retire with all haste towards Friesian -Mud, where a general
insurrection had just broke forth. Kosciusko &Masi several core in
pursuit of him, and was preparlog to Pkeellieleatet lli• lie" of a little
army to into Uthiaania. list art liavolo °moral lipsfrr?w
became so fatuous, bad already NOWA thttl Preditees agiO bad feasted the the patriot Sierakowski, neer Brims. On the other hand, Geo.
lasso sdritteed rapidly at the bead of a coosiderabls body JO& lits..l
warrow. Kosciusko resolved, at all bawds, to prevail this junction
lie left %maw In September; but Muse, thatbad tW *in secamled
Ms amiss., Non betrayed hlra. Tilt oliors be ho 4 awl Pa
ski were intercepted by dm Russians; the eggs or All 0100446:140
join him, and the important passage of a loss
was Awed by the ;
at last, on the 4th October, Kosciusko was attacked by the army of Goa.

Fcreen, three times superior to his own. The battle of Macijem'ec. tt e
most bloody and most fatal to the Poles, lasted an entire day; the Ree-
s. dos were twice repulsed, and prodigies of valour rendered the fittr:
or Ole day doubtful, when Kosciusko fell senseless. pitree.l e ite
%OM' de. He had made his attendants swear not to abandon him li vie eto
the eower of the Russians, and it is aetettrtedt that *Mille Pl)1116 hOTP.e'l n.
not being able to venue his body, struck him with their ddab.-es ..11
h ad, and left him for dead on the field of battle. Tile Unesegetee a r •
already preparing to strip his body, when he was recogretedle• .
office: nt. As soon as the name of Kosciusko was pronotinced,*eilep
Cdreiques themselves testified the respect due to courage and misf&te
All the aid of art was lavished on him, and he was trested with the
greatest regard. But an order soon arrived to have him ITaiiimined to
Pettrsburg, where Catherine who was sometime. getteretts. but thets
too much irritated to be so, had him plunged into a dungeon. lie
would, without doubt, have terminated his career in prison, or ate.
menu:l the number of wretched Poles who already languished in the
deserts of Siberia, if the death of the mines. had no e net to cirinee
his destiny. One of the first acts of Paul I was to rendkr homage to
the virtues of Kosciusko. He not only immediately act hied at liberty,
hut granted him a pension. which the noble Pole would no: :ouch, and
the brevet of which he sent back as soon as he touched a soil beyond
fear of Russian influence. When his numerous wounds were he. I.d,
Kosciusko repaired to America, where lie was received as a citizen heto
should be, who had been lavish of his blood in the two worlds for lice
accred cause of liberty. In 17111.1 he returned to France, where the
sante honours awaited him ; at Paris every faction was united in cele.
beating his arrival, and his countrymen of the army of italic, leteine
foued, at the taking of Loretto, the sabre of an ancient defender o: Po.
land and Germany, John Sobieeky, who had vanquished the Tuike
under the walls of Vienna, judged Kosciusko alone worthy of posee.sing
the weapon, and sent it to him. Kosciusko preferred the sojourn
of France to any other, and remained there for a long time
without accepting, however, any employment. The Poliele
hero, in an humble retreat in the country, occupied his Limpet
hours in runic labour,and like the great Conde at Chantilly, amused him.
self with the culture of flowers. But he did not cease to be attentive to tile
destiny of his country, and to give useful lawns to his fellow.citizet e.
—ln 1814, when France was invaded by foreign troops, KJlMitisite
happened to be at a country-bowie in the environs of Funtainbleae.
The commune he inhabited was devastated by plundering inercena.ie. ;
he throws himself among them, protects the citizens, and indignantly
addresses the officers of a -Polish regiment he meets, and whose soldier,
were not the least eager in the pillage. " When I commanded bray.?
soldiers (exclaimed _he), they did not plunder;, and II would ltatie
seemly punished .he subalterns who should have dared to conunit
the actions I now witness, and still more severely the officers who she tild
authorise them by their blameable indifference." " And who are you,
who speak thus with so much boldness ? " was the question on every
side. "I am Kosciusko !" At this name, the soldiers throw dower
their arms, supplicate him to pardon them the fault they had just beet'
guilty of, prostrate themselves at his feet, and, according to the cute. in
of their nation, cover their heads with dust. Kosciusko, unable to sup.
port the dismali spectacle. that the country he loved next to 1.1. own
presented at this epoch, quitted France, and, after travelling for sete•
time in Italy, at last retired to Soleure in Switzerland. It IN uteri
thence that we must date the last remarkable act of his life. In 1817,
in presence of the mafistrates, and registered by a public notary, he
abolished slavery on his estate of Siecnowiete, in Poland, declaring free
and exempt from all charges and personal services the ancient merle of
his lands. A deplorable accident, a short time after, put an end t.i his
glorious career—His horse fell under him. and a grievous wound, the
consequence of his fall, occasioned his death a few days afterwards.
The Old and New World were afflicted by the news. Ilia body was a •
first deposited in the church of Soleure ; but his grateful country seed
claimed the remains of her greatest man. The Polish ladies with tine
nimous accord put on deep mourning, and wore it as if for a fattier.
His ashes now repose in the metropolitan church of Cracow, between
those of Sobieski and Puniatowski. A colossal monument will be
elevated to him ; and the brace of every country have desired to par-
ticipate in the expense. But his memory will last still longer than. the
monuments elevated by the hands of men ; and his glory, without a
stain, which even misfortune could not sully, will be perpetuated from
age to age. The name of Koeciusko will be pronounced whit ve-
neration, as long as there exist beings who know virtue and eeeriat
liberty.
