FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

GERMAN AND BRUSSELS PAPERS. •
We have received German and Brussels Papers, from *hick we
give ulnas
" Consinwritrofts, Juni 11.—Agee the exchange of the
ratifications of the convention concluded at St. Petersbutoorepre-
tire to the execution of some article of the treaty of A
Comet Orloff had an audience of the Sultan at Tailspin, la which
his Highness expressed his satisfaction in the most flattering
trimmer. (Count Orloff had arrived at Odessa on the 16th, ac-
cording to kite's received hese from Vienna.) The exchange of the
Treaty of Amity and Commerce concluded with the United States
of North America took place on the 90th of May, between the:Reis
Effendi and the American Commodore, 31r. Diale and the Consuls
Wiley and Rhynd. Commodore Riddle is on the point of leaving
this capital. In the night of the 30th of May, a dreadful fire de.
stroyed surly 400 houses.
" The Coerban BAinun (which continues four days) began on the
Ist instant. The Sultan went on board the steam-boat, from Tem-
pi*, to attend the religions celebration of the festival in the mosque
Goksue, on the Asiatic side of the Bosphorus. The fete was, hdw.
ever, interrupted by the very stormy weather that set in on that day,
so that the foreign ambassadors, for whom boats were prepared,
could not attend.
" The many Greeks who came from the Archipelago tontinually
commit excesses and disorders, which have obliged the Porte to
apply to the Legations of the Allied Powers for redress. Many of
these intruders, under pretext of liberating Greek slaves, have gone
so far as to face their way Into the houses of peaceable inhabitants,
and have committed many seta of violence.

" Marestex, Juxsil.-1 can positively aware you that news
has been received here from the most authentic source, that all the
difficuldes relative to the regulation of the navigable of the Rhine
are amicably adjusted, and the free navigation will really take effect
within a very short period.
" In consequence of the accounts from the Netherlands, corn ha
risen considerably in price in our markets.
" Bat/5831.5. JULY 3.—We hear from Amsterdam that the
negotiation of the Syndicate for the sum of 30 millions of florins,
was opened on the 27th of June, in that city, and that the amount
of "Ifi millions wan subacilbed in a few minutes.
" JULY 4.—Yesterday evening a British Cabinet Messenger
arrived on his way to Constantinople; also, an Austrian courier
Ifrom Vienna to London, and another from Paris, going to the
Hague.
" There are various accounts of the submission of Diepo Negoro.
Some letters my that smut negotiations had been carried on foe
some time with that Chief—that it was agreed that he should he
received with the honours du,i to his rank—that none of the Primes
of the country should appear as mediators between him and the
Europeans that he should travel under the escort of the latter, and
that halt would be made every day at noon, that he might, accord-
ing to custom, devote that hour to prayer.
" Jur. 6--I'wo British Cabinet Messengers passed through
Brisselsyestnrday, both from Germany, with despatches foe London.
" The Relgesayss-4 Orrthe 2d hurt. M. Potter and his conipa.
nions received passports for England, end at the same time orders to
leave Vaal* in twenty-four hours 't'hey immediately endeavoured
to hire carriages at Aix.la.Climpnlle, but they could not have
any till two days after, and the coachmen of Aix la-Chapelle
refused to perform the journey to Ostend in three days, as
the gendarmes had been ordered. They immediately took measures
to ontain.perinission to stop at Vaal* till they could receive some
answer to an application which they had made to the Prussian Go-
vernment to be allowed to go through the Rhenish provinces to
Switzerland. After some delay, they received permission to stop
three or four days at Vials for an answer from the Prussian Go-
vernment." We have this moment learned (says the Catholique),l
that they ;rid reeeliNd a notice from the police.allowling them to pas
through Prussia."

CHRONICLE.—It seems to be agreed on all hands, that the de.
chaation of Mr. Huuw un Wednesday toglic-that the people of
England have the power of returning a majority of independent
Members of Parliament, and they have themselves alone to blame
if they do not-was, to say the least of it, a very ill-judged one.
Mr. flume might as well have said, if every man were to live
within his income, no person need be afraid of imprisonment fur
debt. There is no doubt that if the people of England choose so
return a majority of independent members, they can do so; but
we know dust the motives to exercise the franchise corruptly
are io many places too power ul to be resisted; that in other
places they dare not vote eonsciensiously. It is well observed
by a contemporary " that there is an error in Mr. Hunie's
calculations. The right of suffrage is, in many cases, sufficiently
extended ; but where the right of suffrage is extensive enough, the
distficts are too small. All the men who boil a pot in this or that
borough vote at elections ; but the borough in question is su small,
that all the men who have a pot to boil amount to 100 or 200 per-
sons. The tact that they are poor does not of necessity make them in-
terruptible. In fact, this is the real cause of a great part of the cor-
ruptibility of parliaments, that the right of voting is in the hands
knots of indigent persons- of persons so low in fortune and intelli-
gence, that they look to an election as the occasion only of a little jol-
lity at the expense of a candid& e, or, in extreme caws, of putting
a few pounds into their pockets." If at y man were to offer twenty
rands to a Peer of the Itealus for his vote in any case, the etre.' of
course, would be rs jetted slob scum. It any man were to offer
freeholder of a Scotch County 201. it would be rejected with equal in.
dignation. But we know that there are ways of gaining over Peers as
well as pot-walloping Electors, and that the constituents of the forty
dependent Scotch Members (tor Mr. Hume reduced the number
of independent to five) would consider any candidate who told
then, that if they elected him they need look to no favours through
his influence with the Ministry as a very impertinent fellow. The
seventy or eighty freeholders for a Scotch county sell them-
selves to the candidates u regular as the electors of a pot.walloping
borough. The difference between the two cases is, that the number
of electors in Scotland being smaller, they obtain each a larger price.
not paid in ready money, but in sliming patronage with the Member.
There cannot well be conceived greater inconsistency than to speak
of the power of returning independent Members, without that making
it the interest of the electors to return independent Members. It is
the interest of the Marquess of Stafford, of the Duke of Northum- -
ber!and, of Earl Grosvenor, of Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and se. The George the Third. Waterhouse. from Jamaica, was on'
veral other individuals, that the Government of this country shore yesterday In the lower part of Gravesend Reach.
should be conducted according to the strictest principes II The Neptune, 51`Gowan, from Dumfries to Maryport, was
economy, because they can hatdly gain as much from the pub. wrecked near Whitebsven on Monday night.
lic purse as is taken from them by excessive taxation ; but it The Marie. Vautler, from Arian, arrive) at Antigua, expe-
ls not so obviously the interest of a Peer, pose sled, perhaps, of ;kneed, on the 11th May, in lat. 30 long. 36. a violent hurricane,
only a few hundred pounds a year after paying the interest on which lasted several hours.
his mortgages, to vote in favour of economy, his subsistence The Maxfield, Brown, from Bristol to Quebec, was lost on Flier
being chiefly derived from she produce of taxes. We know, Island, Cape Breton, Slat May.
then, that as long as human nature is human nature, the gene- The Moon of Oahatr• has been abandoned at sea.
rainy of men will seek to promote their separate interests at the ex. The Mercure, front Terceira, has arrived at Havre. •
pence of the public, and that if the means exist, the result will trot. The llamas, of Altos; Juliana, of Whitby; and Bengal, from
respond with them.- In the Timer of June 14 there is a very sea- Belfast, have arrived in the River 'St. Lawrence.
bible article on the circumstances which enable the electors of France The Nimrod, —, and United Packet, Baker, of Livreepselb
to give an independent vote. " This leads us to mention (says our Commerce, Cooper. and Phesdo, Mitchell, of London, haw ar•
Contemporary) that in the French elections balloting alone is used, g rived at Permsretinso.
and the lovers of liberty in that country are extremely jealous or ap-11 thus, Jute 10..-Wind W.-Arrived the James Hairier ---ii
prehensive of any change. Hour readers have attended to the remarks from Jamaica ; and Terris &mina, from Aollgua,
which we have repeatedly made in this journal on the centralisation of Pearsnouva. Jeer P. Wind W. ti, W.-galled hie Majesty's
power in France, and the extent to which every man's interests are ex. ship Pesti, for Ireland.
posed in contests with the local authorities- all removable at the plea. freemen's, JOLT S.....strrived the Peelle, Cockbill, front the
(
sure of the Crown, and, consequently, all political agents at a gene.. Cape of good Hope • Favourite, Nelson, from Maranhant ;
ral eleetion--they would perceive that without a ballot in that ; Aremetsef.Arekteliond'Robtrt Quail, Roper, from New Orleaws ;
country there could be no electoral independence. In all the la. • Union, Mason, and Wanderer Meman, from Mobile; L%botisi
sttuetions given to the electors by their cunstkutimai friends, either Smith, and Ribs, Clark, froessilavanneh ; Vkgints. Bowen, and
in the journals, or through the circulars of the directing commit- Teescen Mayhew, from Virginia ; Ringwood. Smith, Loin New,
tee., the former are particularly requeetod to be mewl, in writing foundlMS ; and Wro. Wbry, Thacker, from Stettin.
their bulletins, to avoid the methadon of the President. or Sams - Unman, bar 1.--Arrived the Martha, Robins, from Senn
titles of the Electoral College. Nat 14 withtrua the ballot in .! lame, and-Marye Itoberteen, from Revel.

NAVAL INTELLIGENc.E.

So averse was the late King to be seen during his rides in the
Parks at Windsor for the last two or three yams, that outriders
were always despatched, while his pony-chaise was preparing, to
whichever of the gates he intended to paste, across the Frogniore
road, driving from ate Park into the other ; and if anybody was
THZ FRENCH EXPEDITION. seen loitering near either gate, the course of the ride war instantly
altered, to escape even the passing glance of a casual observer
EXTRACT OF • PRIVATE LETTER..
Just 26. His late Majesty seldom drove across to the Long Walk from the
ALUIERS,
" After Castle, because he was there more likely to be met by tit
having taken the camp at Staoneli, we left there about 700 Windsor people.
maths its defence. On the 24th the enemy, desirous of recoverinf His most private way was through a small gate
in the park wall, opposite another small gate m the wall of
'possession of the camp, attacked us and re-took it. Our army immed
etely marched forward to sustain the attack of the Beys Constan- the grounds at Frogman at the Detchet Adv. He there emoted the
road in a moment, and had rides so stringed between Frogmore
tine and t tram, who advanced against us et the head of 35___._,000 and Virginia-water. that he had between 20 and 30 miles of
men. A vary *edema &Irak took place between the preach neatly planted avenues, from which the public were wholly re-
entry and Otranto'', andsjasted from two in the morning until seven
in the evening.uded. At certain points of these rides, which opened towards
The two der& were coCOMPletelY routed, and they the public thoroughlores of the park, there were always servants
retired wi h e remains of their arnliunder the walls of Algiers. On
the 28th the fun of the Star, contaimnit the arsenal, which served stationed on these occasions to prevent the intrusion of 'orangery
upon the King's privacy. The plantations have been so
to supply with ammunition the different forts in the neighbourhood
rs, was blown up ;it had been mined. The fat of the carefully nourished for seclusion around the Royal Lodge,
of Algie
that only the chimneys of the building am be now seen from
Emperor is wined throughout; our army takes every precaution
the near the top
necessary to avoid imminent danger. It is given out as a certainty of the Long Walk. The King caused
a all the adjacent forts of Algiers are also mined, as well as the from his grotesque building at Virginla-water ; and also
the same rigid exclusion to be enforced, while engaged In &tiling;
southern gate of the town itself. The Dey in the town with his when visiting the „rims temples which he had erected on
WI". The French army has turned the feet of the Emperor, and is. the grounds. A great deal of money was laid out in these edition now half a lesgue from Algiers. Ms said our loss of men on the 24th
amounted to MO ; the number of wounded is much smaller. A de- but it was only by stealth and connivance of servants that these
were at any time to be seen. With the exception of the ruined
nand lot a million of cartridges has just been sent to Toulon, from '! temple, which is ornamented by the casts from the I.lgin marbles.
whence th, y will be forwarded as soon as possible. Notwithstanding these stroctme, are deficient in real taste they are hill ef caps
three daily attache, we observe a great difference in the conduct of
the Arabs towaids us. Some of them have recommenced to cultivate anti bells, and Chinese frippery, with a great deal of gorgeous
and 'tawdry decoration. His Majesty was as little aware that
the ground, others came lately to the two first divisions of the army,
and brought provision., which were paid fur at a high prim, and &. the fatal result of his holisposition was so near at hand,
that up to a very late period of his sufferings his Majesty occu-
few days ago they brought 500 oxen. In the affairs of the 24th and pied himself a good deal with the proseress of same additions
25th the /lunch army, amounting to 20010 or 28,000 men, had to
which he was making to the Royal lodge. He was-pirticularl sustain the attack of about 60,000 Arabs and Turks, agaty
anxious to have a new dining room finished by his.biniuday, on
whom were MOM regular maps. In the bloody engsgementethat the 12th of August;—not dreaming that a month before that
took place at the bottom of the heights on which is placed the fort day his remains would be gathered into their tomb. He was also,
of the Emperor, the artillery manteuwed and kept up such a fire on to the same late period, occupied by the improvements in
upon the end"' that he was astounded, and our army "Mad ad. Windsor Castle, and used to have himself rolled thsough the
vantage of this, charged several times with the bayonet the masses &pennants in a chair, which was constructed for his Majesty's
which the fire had already thinned. The (louvre rockets oont. use, Notwithstanding these anticipations, it is known that the
stoned great disorder antongsthe Turkish cavalry. late King's health had been for nearly two years declining.
(EXTRACT OF ANOTHER LETTER DATED THE 28TH ULT.) Ills old sufferings from the gout had given way to an ova-
" The army has dislodged the enemy from all the positions in the 'Waal " ernbarraasment of breathing," (the expressive phrase
neighbourhood of the fort of the Emperor. The General of the engi- of the Bulletins), and at times great depression of spirit'. His
neers, Value, has reconnoitred the outwad worts, anti it is probaide Majesty was often found apparently lost in abstraction, and only
that to-morrow the trenches will be opened. The road fur the artillery relieved by shedding tears. At other times, however, the King
and battering pieces has been made practicable from Sidi Ferruch. Be. took a great interest in the works which were carrying on in
titles the 3,500 men belonging to the ma ry, the garrison of the intreoch. the lindige and the Castle of Windsor, particularly those which
ed camp oftlidi-Ferruch is composed of four buttalions of infantry, do. be intended for his private use, and spoke of a long enjoyment of
Cached from the division D'Escurs. An • Seer of the 4th Regiment, them. It is said that for some time before Sir Henry Halford and
who had advanced too far with his troops, made them conceal than- Sir M. Tierney were last called in, his late Majesty was under the
selves, and then, armed with a two barrelled gun, watt on still fur. domestic medical treatment of two gentlemen who were of his house-
ther, he was immediately surrounded by the Bedouins. The soldiers hold. Ilk Majesty bad for a long time evinced a great indisposi-
hastened to his rescue, but he was already carried off. Four days'-lion to exercise of any kind—the least extolls/1 wee attended with
after his body was found dreadfully mutilated. They had cut off- faintness, and his Majesty's usual remedy wineglass of sonic liqueur.,
his head, his feet. and his hoods. The Bedouins have almost all He had a particular kind of cherry brandy, which be thought-to he of
retired. They offer to join us, if we would promise to rid them of medical use, when he felt these symptoms of debility, and- to s kick
the Dey and the Turks, and aimed their children as hostages. A he mortal to a late period of his life. Until the burstmgonikablood-
convoy of gunpowder, under the charge 01200 men, was surprised vessel on the day before his death, the King did net think his ease
and captured by the enemy on the 24th." absolutely hopeless—even then, the alight refreshment asleep tallied,
(From Use Journal/es basis.) his spirits a little. The deem:tiara of the interior of the late King's
" There ale now 276 deputies whose el macs are koown. Of th suite of apartments were entirely conducted ender his own eye.
opposition, 170; ministerial~ 00; voters for the amendment of Lot. His Majesty would have so pattern of furniture which was to be
geril 6; unkaown, 1 ; 123 of the 221 are already re-eluded; 10 seen any where else, and he had an utter disregard of espeece either
have failed. in his original orders, or in their subsequent alteration, which often
The Universe!, a ministerial journal. contains a long article, happened to be iadnlgen at a costly rate The King'', suite of
bestded--' France has nos spoken,' which a letter sesompsoysois the apartments occupied the grand front of the wing of the Cade, which
express says has made some sensation at Feria." facts Dachett ; there was a bauniftil mangery planted beneath his
windows, and a convenient descent into the gardens. Formerly the
numerous persons who reside in Windsor Castle and its precincts,
the clergy, and retired functionaries, bad convenient access* by keys
to the grounds, or slopes (as they are galled) immediately beneath
the Castle; bat, owing to wove pesos having pointed at the Mar-
chioness of Conyngham while she walked within the Judo:wow, the
lucks went inaartly changed at all the avenues, and from that time
all were excluded but the King's private party.
The late King's smite of plate is superb ; he hod a very plain
set in common use ; bet before his loot illness, when the Cabin: t
Ministers held a Council at Windsor, and dined with hint, the rich
service was produced, and was the object of great &inaction. The
late King had provided a sumptuous eisiebeani for its , display,
which was made of very dark and beautifully polished truth°.
gaay, inlaid with gold, and lined with looking-plass ; but whew
put up, it was found entirely to overpower the effect of the other
furniture and decorations of the apartment. The obvious comae
to pursue otottid have been its removal; *mead of which, hos.,
ever, the magnificently decorated inch which the lower part of the
sideboard supported, was cut away, and the remainder left for use.
The apartments are spacious and well amattustal ; they hare. hew.
evict, front the "stun of the building, only one pet:nipsl light, and
thin is tun much gold pommelling In thews for real and simple elm?
There is a heap a furniture of his late Majesty's both shear;
Ctin Ss.
town and in Windsor; same of it from Carlton House wee very:
-.tn....." though now unused.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Joey 9.
Bayley'e Divorce Bill went through a Committee. Report OD
Monday.
Alderman WOOD presented the Re port of the Committee Of
the Bill fur the prevention of c mine tvadness.—Ordered to be
printed.
Sir H. PARNELL presented the Report on the Holyhead
Roads' BBL
Mr. RICE presented a petition from Leeds against negro slavery.
Mr. BROUGHAM observed, that he was anxious to introduce
a bill relative to negro s:avery. Be was deslrcus of knowing when
the Chancellot of the Exchequer would move the adjournment of
the Douse ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER (who spoke in a
very low tone) was understood to say that the adjournment would
depend on the state of the business before Parliament.
Mr. BROUGHAM ezpressed the hope that he might not be de.
piked of the opportunity of bringing forward his motim; he hoped
he should be able to move a resolution on Monday or Tucklay ;
knew it wuuid be impossible to miry any Bill on the outject this
*mime
Mr. O'CONNELL moved for returns respecting the Aditeinis.
moon of Justice in New South Wales, particularly of lotidoot
moods Dennis -Igoe*, under the governorship of lien. Darling.
Mr. HUME said the ease loudly coiled fin inteiferet cr. The
conduct of General Darling ought to be enquired into ; hi. conduct
towsuis the Press there was of itself sufficient to show le what sort
of reputation be was held by the colony. Hr trusted that Thong's,*
would be kept as a witnt.." againq Governor Darling. The tee.
vernment would not do ite duty If the car were not intrentkaird
No Governor ought to have the powers exercised by Governor
Darling.
Si, M. W. RIDLEY said he should be ready to, prove whet•he
had furtuerly stated teepee:Mg the Govcrner Darling. An adders's
had been presented to him, signed Ly me., j et. ta, and noise
,it
whom held offices, while, smelt of whom eere merchants., ace
Th, re were some stoongst them who heel pAitier :el ter a Legislative
AIIPtUI
Sir G. feII'RRAY observed, that party had run very high at
•New South Wales ; and that he cocsidered the hon,men.ber (sr.
Hutto) ti ust have receivett iis information lion. one of be pane.
It was an abuse however of the privileges of weiperee to ,nehe
charger against penman at a ditosva without sufficient proof.
Mr. HU eta. replied that lie had stated WO big that he was not
prepared to prove, and if allowed she opportunity be would est*-
, fish the /acts at the bar of the house.
General GIeOSVRNIIR said he was acquainted with Genosal
Darling : knew him to he a mild citaracter, and thought he was An.
capable of bring guilty of any oppressive airtime*.
raid lie understood that .4 p.lisehad been estat
halted at Gibraltar, 'boiler to that established in Lnntior. .was flat
'system to I.e extended to the Colonies?
Sir G. MURRAY replied that such an eetteblishme et had ben
formed chiefly for the preset vation of the hetihh of the iababilants
at Gibraltar, but there was no intension of txtendieg it to the cote.
Mee.— Mutiote agreed to; it was for papery and depositions sleet.
'trig the rase of-Al
sir IiftOUGHA XI presented a petition from Mr. Bishop leer-
!nett, late of the Cape of Good Hope, eomplaining et • misrepetosespa
lion, and of hi utter destitution to presteute hie ease, andpee.
Amor!, to de fend himself. lir B. said he ovoid nit move dim it
be printed, as tbe-re would bc no opportunity to Loyd C. *mons
till
!met seesion to answer tl.e charges—Ordered to lie am the tai k.
Lord MORPETII presented petitions from !overnice wild Nom.
to favour M the Nortimmt Road Bill.
Mr. LITTLI•;TON obeetved that the labourers' Wages tail'
t hod met el h unsain.oue suppeot sm• of die house., and its the nowt
The Marchioness of Conyntrbant said • her family !ref rat:wring ciboria', nod amengeo meaty member. la that . biome fl-
at present residing with her Anther • Mr. Dettkon.-theltierwhee tor ant those •t,o were interested in the suepent of the exisdpg *poem
surrey. Th.-repent which has appmred of a premalwre Intruidon and he should r..ovalta pompon:nem till the taros seaman.
into lie, Ladyship's apartments at Windsor, Is wholly anemic, anti Mr. BROVOHAIII tweeted that the close 10 'She ssssksr lout:
illeeeeeileethle with the iselloknown courtesy and good breeding of coalitakil the abaidomewo of elm bill, as H was. is pot dos t
every member of the Royal Eautly.—Coree Joierael. • abode •He nveitelibm lbw balms* be reeewee resist willow.
