BANK IiEsTRICIION

On the questiun that the Bank Restriction Bill
should be read a second time,
Lord,LAUDERDALE took the opportunity of
expressing a hope that the present system would, upon
the establishment of peace, be discontinued, although
it was true that the prices of gold and paper were
sot now so disproportionate as formerly. He trusted
that the subject would be taken into seriousconsidera-
ties early in the best Session of Parliament. He ob-
jected to the draught of teBoo,ooo which had been
made by Government upon the Bank of England, as
tending to delay the resuming of cash payments.
Lord LIVERPOOL replied, that the conclusion
of peace was of all times the most unfavourable for
the purpose of the Noble Lord.. The draught upon
the Batik had not been Made without imperious ne-
cessity, and this timely supply had produced the most
.beneficiAl vonsequences upon the war. The present
Bill was only to postpone the question for six, or eight
months, when Parliament would be called upon to
decide the whole subject.
After a few words from Lord LIMERICK, the Irish
atege Coach Bill was read a second time.

of the Bill,- and he had, for himself, so objection to
it. But there was a difficulty which, perhaps, some
of the Gentlemen opposite to him could remove—
that as the Bill had been communicated to the Prin.
cess of Wales in its present state, viz. as a grant for'
life, he should feel some reluctance to agree to nar-
row that grant without the consent of her Royal
Highness. It was never intended to convey by the
Bill the idea that the proposed grant of i 635,000 a
year would be a suitable income for her Royal High-
ness when she had ascended the Throne, as her reve-
nue would then necessarily come under the conside-1
ration of Parliament in the arrangements for the
settling the Ciril List oa that occasion. However,l
it might be the wish of her Royal Highness to retain
the £35,000 a year as an independent provision for
life ; and if that was the cate it would of course be
taken into the consideration of Parliament in those
arrangements. He suggested that the best course
would bc, if the Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr.
Tierney) was not authorised on the part of the Prin-
cess to consent to the Amendment, to postpone it
until the proceedings on the third reading.
Mr. WHITBREAD said, that his Right Hon.
Friend (Mr. Tierney) had proposed, and he had se-
conded, the Amendment, merely on the ground of
Parliamentary duty, without having taken the opi-
nion of the Princess of Wales on the subject, but he
had no doubt that the Princess of Wales would con-
sent to the Amendment.. He should consent, there-
fore, either to introduce the amendment at that time
and to withdraw it on the third reading if anT objec-.
tion was made to it by the Princess of Wales, or to
postpone the introduction of it to the third reading
of the Bill.

Lord CASTLEREAGH suggested that the most
advisable plan would he to withdraw the Amend.
ment, with the understanding that it should beagain
proposed on the third reading, if the consent of the
Princess of Wales was in the mean time obtained.
Mr. TIERNEY said he should withdraw his
Amendment under that understanding. His inten-
tion was to guard the House from a recognition of a
separation, to which it would be most improper for
thetn to give a sanction.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said that the wholeßill
proceeded on the fact, that a separation between the
Prince and Princess of Wales existed, and that,
therefore, a separate income was necessary for her
Royal Highness.
Mr. TIERNEY said that his object was, that the
House should not be entrapped into a recognition
that a separation existed between the King and Queen
of these realms.

Lord. CASTLEREAGH said that ,it was not
possible for the Huuse to recognize a tact which
could not exist.

Mr. TIERNEY observed, that it Would be in
effect a recognition that such a serirat;on might and
would exist when their Royal Highnesses the Prince
and Princes; of Wales ascended the Throne.

Lord CASTLEREAGH remarked, that he
knew not how it was possible to guard these
ous persons against such a calamity, even after such
an event. •

Mr. TIERNEY observed, that it was no great
matter that the Prince and Prinzess of Wales could
not Meet in the Lame room ; but it would be most
calamitous that the King and Queen could not sit
on the same Throne.

The convers..tion then dropped.
Mr. TIERNEY proposed a verbal Ametwlwient,
which was agreed to, and an omission in the recital,
which was reported.
The House then resumed, and the Report was or-
dered to be received to-morrow.

' A Message from the Lords informed the House
that their Lord hips had passed the Insolvent Bill
and the Greenwich Hospiul Bill.
Mr. J. P. GRANT presented a Petition from Mr.
Archibald Macnaughten, who had served as a Com-
missary under Lord Wellington, complaining that
he had transmitted charges against an officer in a
regular manner to the Advocate• General and sub-
sequently to the Adjutant-General, and that they had
been returned without any reason assigned, and that
no proceedings had been instituted on them. The
Petition having been read, on the motion that it do
lie on the table,

Mr. MANNERS SUTTON said that the charges
to which the Petition alluded had been returned by
bim to the Petitioner, on the ground that it did not
come within the duties of his (Mr. Manners Sut.
ton's) office to institute complaints against any offi-
cer. As to the rejection from the Adjutant-Gene-
ral's Office, he should be prepared to account for it
if any motion were brought forward on the subject.
Mr. J. P. GRANT said that he had presented the
Petition from no knowledge as to the correctness tof
the statements of it, but under a sense of his duty as
a Member of Parliament.
Ordered to lie on the table.

The Bill for the more easy and effectual appre-
hension and bringing to trial offenders escaping from
one quarter of the empire to another was, on the mo-
tion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, read a second time,
after a few words from Mr. C. W. WYNNE.
A fill for the further regulation of the Thames
Police was brought in by Mr. H. ADDINGTON. Read
a first, and ordered to be read a second time to.
morrow.

On the motion for the committal of the Post Horse
Duty Bill, with a view to postpone it,
Mr. WROTTESLEY said, that he should to-
morrow move the insertion of a clause in this Bill to
suspend prosecutions commenced under the present
Act, until the next Session, in the hope that in the
interim the authors of this Bill should feel the pro-
priety of proposing an enactment that prosecutions
in future should be instituted and conducted only by
the Solicitor for the Commissioners of Stamps.
After a few wards from Mr.LUSHINGTON, who ap-
peared to approve of the proposition, the order was
postponed until ti-morrow.
The Gunpowder Bill, the Irish. Militia Pay Bill,
and the Irish Cordage Bill, wore read a second time,
and committed for to-morrow.
The Hackney Coach Bill was read a third time
-ES, after some prefatory observe-
his unwillingness to press the Poor
further at present, as there was not
carry k through the other House
Session.
the third reading of the BiU was
sed.—Adjourned. •

TN PRINCE'S FITZ.
Last night his Royal Highness the PRINCE Raaur
gave a magnificent Fete at Carlton House in honour
of the Peace and the return of the Hero of the Penin-
sula. The preparations were upon the mot exten-
sive scale. The front of the Palace WAS most bril-
Handy illuminated : the facade particularly shone with
a beauty and resplendency almost unrivaled. Trans-
parencies were introduced upon a large scale. Pall-
Mall and all the adjoining streets were lined with the
Horse Guards. About nine o'clock a numerous party
of Foot Guards entered the Court-yard, and the
band played favourite tunes during the night. The
carriages were so numerous, that although the com-
pany began to arrive at an unusually early hour, the
whole did not reach Carlton House before one o'clock
this morning. •The assemblage of rank and fashion
was immense. The following are setae of the dresses
worn by the Ladies present :
Her MAJESTY—White patent lace dress, with elegant borders
and grounding, in gold lama.
Princess Auovs•rat —Rich White silver tissue dress.
Princeis Euaanarst—White saun, with rich gold lame
borders.

Princess Maas—Patent net dress, richly embroidered b
silver lama.

Princess Sarum—Rich satin dress in oilier lams.

Her Royal Highness Princess Soma of OLOUCtSTER—White
satin dress, superbly embroidered in gold and silver, with an
elegant embroidered border.
Her Grace the Duchess ISABELLA of RUTLAIIII•••A white
satin dress, richly embroidered with silver roses, laurel leaves,
site. Head-dress a profusion of diamonds and ostrich feathers.
Marchioness CORNWALLIS—A blue and silver dress, richly
embroidered with silver and a profusion of silver tassels.
Marchioness of HRRTFORD—A rich white net dress, embroi-
dered in silver lama.

Dowager Marchioness of LA N SDOWN r—A rich embroidered
silver lama dress, ornamented with diamonds.
Countess of °laws:it—A point lace dress, ornamented with
silver, over white satin.
Countess CILAVLK—A pink and silver dress, lace draperies.
The Countess of Co itx—A rich green satin dress, embroidered
with gold round the bottom, arid the hody finished end trimmed
with blond lace: Head-dress, feathers, and profusion of diamonds.
Countess of Pow)s—A white crape sires*, witb grounding and
border, in silver lama. _ . .

Countess of Lorrain—A dress of white patent lace, with rich
einbruglery in silver lama, and net flounce.
Countess of Corirmou.tm—White patent net dress, grounding
and border iu silver buns, with festoons of flowers.
Court'las of Mossoaouou—A rich silver tissue dreu, with
biondlace.

Vitcuuntass BeaNAID—A net dress, with a sliver body.
Lady BORLASK WARRIO4—.A white patent uet dress, with
Mbar lama; grounding in stripes, and three scollops; flounced
borders.

lady JANE HeusnAw—A rich silver lama dreasswith borders.
Lady Mo roc—A blaek net dress, with borders and groand-
Mg in gold lama.
Lady HAR,RIET and Lady CHARLOTTE CLlVE—White crape
dresses, in silver lama
Lady Rosser Sarno/R—A white crape dress, embroidered
in gold lama.
Lady D. HERBEET—White satin dress, ornamented with
silver tassels; silver robe, ornamentedwith silver Bowers, silver
bloud and tassels.

Lady C. Pout-ITT—White and silver tissue dress, ornamented
with silver Rowers and trimming.
Lady Luui,A Hassey—White satin dress, trimmed with
blond and pearls.
Mrs. MA N N IRS SUTTSN—A green satin dress, trimmed with
broad bi,,nu race.

Mrs. Central Bioostriath—Blue satin dress, embroidered
with silver: body and sleeves full trimmed with brussels puint ;
a lace a,•d s lvet drapery ►uspended trom the shoulder with a
diamond broach. Head-dress of feathers and a prolusiun of
diamonds. _ . _

Mrs. WALC ut —A white crape dregs, embroidered with silver,
festooned round the bottom with silver cords and teasels • MIK
tissue body, full sleeves trimmed with blood lace. Rea:ollI-dr*
of feathers, diamond tiara, Ste.

Mrs. Paicans—A white lace sad alisur Arms widse sattin
body, embroidered with dives, and uinistsod with Brussels point.
Hca.d-dress of leathers and pearls.
Mies WIN svos s sir—A white crape dress, embroidered with
gold, festooned with the shamrock and thistle; gold tissue body,
trimmed with blond lace. Head-dross, a plume of loathers and
diamonds.
The five Min MINIMS SUTTlONStraw•Colotlred !WM
dresses, trimmed with blond lace.
The PluNca REGfiNT, the Dukes of YoRK, CAR-
BitllXlll, GLOUCESTER, and the Duke of WhiLINGTON,
appeared in full uniform.
The decorations in the interior of Carbon House
were splendid beyond all precedent. The Transpa-
rencies placed in one of the Saloons and Supp r
Rooms (designed and executed by artists of the first
character) were as follow

No. I—oviamow O TYRANNY IT TIM ALLIS))

Justice **notating the Allied Powers to overthrow the Ty-
rant.of France, at whom she was pointing with her swo d, and
calling on them to execute vengeance, tor the evil. he has brought
upon the Nations of Europe. Holland has just broken the letters
by which she has Imp bound, and is throwing herself on Britain
for protection; bthiud peon► by &ill and Portugid have taken re-
fuge; whilst Kees's, 4 s.ria, anti Prussia, are pressing forward
with extended shields, tq join with her In defending the weak,
and succouring the oppressed.
tics 2—ASSLISILT Of Tilt POWILIS /OR Tilt OIINZIAL !RAC!.
'f le Allied Powers assembled for the Peace of Europe, are
seated at a liSnquet before the statue of Peace, after having fixed
by new treaties the political balance of the Continent. These
acts of a new alliance are deposited Ina coffer before the statue
of the Goddess : nectar is poured into the cups of the United
Powers, who are about to coniecrate by hbathrs the guarantee
of a treaty, which is to Be for ever the happuiess of Europe.—
Harmony promises, in divine acc.ents, the strictest union between
France and England. Mercury, the god of commere.., i.. placed
behind them; he holds in one band the caduceus, the emblem of
concord, and the other leans upon a fascis, the emblem of anion
and strength. Bucklers, with their different coats of arms, mike
known we several powers. A trophy of arms, placed In the,
lore-ground, displays the victories which preceded this great
event. This scene represents Mount Olympus.

NO. 3—.ARRIVAL-01 TUE ALLIED eiwits ix LONDON.

Accompanied by Victory, the Allied Princes enter the city of
London, alter passing under a triumphal arch. Alighting from
their car, they advance towards the gate of the city, where the
Prince Regent comes to inert and offer them his hand, 111 token
of alliance and hospitality—he invites them to gratify, by their
presence, tteortoral enthusiasm. A Female, embientanical of
a the city holds in her hand its characteristic attribute.
—she Joins the Prince Regent In welcoming the Illustrlou i Stran-
gers. 1 he day is deehcateu by England to public rejoichip. The
back-ground of the Picture is. adorned with buudino, anion!!
which is St. Paul's Cathedral. '
NO.4.—AERIVAL Of THE ALLIED 1011t1RIGNI IN PANIC.
His Imperial Majesty ut dhow, accompanied by the Aus.rian
and Prussian Monarch., is represented in a Military Charm',
the moment of conquest, checeing with one hand the impatient
steeds of war, that are advancing upon Paris, and wine the other
holding out au Olive Branch to erai.r.e. 9n the ground a Benno
with a torch is setting tire to the broken and now useless imple-
ments of war. The city ut Paris is designated by the I marries
and other public buildings; and by an emblematical figure of the
Seine, with her Urn euelawan. Behind the Chariot are eeveral
of the most renowned Uenerals of the stood alliance, io the act
of sheathing their swords. A winged Paint, with a trumpet
and crowns, precedes the triumph. Underneath lies a lignin et
1 yraniiy bound and trampled uu. 1 he bruit of the (action
Ali sunder decorates tile kuipereir. and on hie helmet is an Nagle,
with a double allusion to the Imperial arms ut Russia, and to that
eagle which ls reported to have settled Upon the crest of We Ma-
cedonian victor, as a presage ut cuuquest, at the fain.ms passage
of the Mranicus. on a banner, depending front the trump, t td
Fan* are inscribed the names a hummed; bagration, and Me.
mu. 'thy Ornerals to.lowing the tar are, Prince schwarLsou•
berg, Prince blucher, General Voss Yorrk, Lateley dat "I olio,
Ctuenl Amok and Qtaciol Count Wittgetistebi, who, ikepgb

Wilted in the Gotha costume, to Wee with the other figures,
yet retain, In part, the coloun of their respective uniforms.
NO. S.—PASsA6e Of Tag ALLIES 711021 rItANCIL TO ENGLAND.
Victory, who has ended the military exploits of the King of
Prussia and the Emperor of Russia, accompanies them in their
voyage from Francs to &Oath:. She still holds tho helm, and
guides their vessels to the coast of Britain. 'l'be Sea Gods sawed
them, support the ship, and d;reet it towards the port of Dover.
Neptune, seated in his ear, drawn by fuer aserhie berms, by his
presence protect. the illustrious Allies during their paisage..
ails front Dover Castle mamince their *milted.. Traces, tieing
from the set, sound their shells In token of joy. Ia the distance
is seen the Coast of France.
NO. 6.-.-atotscovroas IN ENGLAND.
The &TA, under tit* figure of Cave, mounted on scar drams
by two Lions, fertilises by her presence the sell of the different
provinces of Englaad : troupes of Farmers and Women surround
the ear, and preseat the firbt fruits of the harvest she has brought
forth. On the left of the Picture is placed a Plough, the attri-
bute of agriculture; behind are Horses sad other domestic
auisnals, the richness of a fertile laud ; rustic buildings detente
the sides of this composition ; where are seta the em-
blem of a well ordered and laborious community the back-
ground represents a culdvamod country.

NO. 7..--11CTORT AND alLNlttlit,
The Victory of the Eallios brings lock Peace to the Earth.
This divinity holds with one hand a torch, and sets Are to t
trophy of arms; with the other site lays as olive branch, the
emblem of Peace, upon a (lobe. Her presence upon Earth is
consecrated by treaties of alliance, deposited in tt coffer sear a
throne, which supports the terrestrial sphere. The doors of the
Temple of Janus arc shut, and confirm the Peace of fireope.
On the left of this composition, Plenty diatriba:es her gifts; es
the right 1$ a Cippua, representing the-Ood of Conr-aeree. The.
dances and games performing round the divinity testify the pads.
lie joy. lie Sea, with Merchaut•shtps sailing over it, bomb
this composition.

NO. B.—COMMIRCC 08. !NOLAND.
England Is represented under the figure of Minerva; the holds
in ear hand the eadUceus of Mercury, the symbol of Concord
and of Commerce—ia the ether the trident of Neptune, as a
mark of her suaritims power. Placed upon a throne decorated
with the attributes of Prudence, Strength, and Justice, she ro.
crives the tributes of the four quarters of the Globe. Asia, um.
der die figure of a female, accompanied by daucitig girt.,
pre-
sents to England her myrrh cud her intense. India is repre-
sented by Chinese, who come to deposit at her feet their porce-
lain, tea, and oilier produciioos ; and Africa oars her reida-
tion for the culture of her Colonies. The New World is repro.
sensed by a Mexican, who holds the calumet of peace ; he is ac-
companied by an inhabitant of the South Sea Islands. This Ota-
heitati brings in his canoe refreshments for the English vessels.
The back-ground of the picture represents a Fleet of Merchaot-
ships, destined to sail to the remotest seas. The Ocean, which
washes the cow of Britain, deposits oq hey shores the *bee
which are wafted upon its bosom.
NO. 9.—UNION Or TOR 511NR AND TOR TOAMIS, IV TIC ocean,
The peace which reigns between France and England esta-
blishes the commercial alliance of the two capitals of the world, .
The deice, with her characteristic attributes, the Lily and the
Swan, is accompanied by the Marne and other rivers, which
pour their waters into her bosom. The Thames, placed at ins
mouth, is also attended by the streams which she receives In her
course. The Ocean is represented tinder the figure of al giant,
front whom bosom issues a torrent : be gives his hand to the
two riven, and re-establishes their onion. The merchant-ships
behind *hew she nature of the communication between the tare
Powers. '1 he coasts of France terminate the horizon on the
side of the Setae ; and on the other, not far from the Thames.
are seen the port of Dover, and the Castle, which commands its
Chiranfe•
No.lO.—Tape MILITARY GLORY.
Wellington, under the figure of Mars, protecting the weak
against the Genius of Evil. Wisdom accompanies and suggests
his actions to him, skewing him Immortality. Victory crowns
him, and publ sties by the sound of her warlike trumpet, the
f. eme of his exploits. By the side of Wisdom, and near a Trophy
of Arms, is an altar ded.cated to Humanity, Ibe back-ground
of the picture represents a Camp. lbe &taxon Is bounded on
this side by the Pyrenees. In the other part 'of the • plc are is
@hewn a Port with ves.els, which have brought the /Impish •
Arn•y. The Sea terminates this eke,. 'the some LP in Spain.
which is characterized by the river Gasidekinivir placed on the
foreground.
wo:ll.—tros. dives 1:4 CM:MANN.
The accessories of this composition are analogous to the arts
welsh it zsgrewrists.
no. 14.-inr4storierton or ROLLAND.
'The signal of liberty Is givec to Rolland. bite herself MOM to
shake off the yoke of oppreselon. In one hand she hedels the helm
of Government and the seven arrows of the United Provinces.
On searing herself on the risme of her former power, she caste
behind her an Indignant look at the remains of tyranny she be,
overcome. The Lion. emblematical of Holland, accompanies
her, to pLsce himself beside her: Le passes roaring over the ruins
of slavery. Th.. divinities esecumid Plenty, grouped near the
thro:.e, I.resent their treasures. Liberty, a is the physical
and moral existence of this power, is sbewn by a statue of that
divinity, placed on a pedestal, which is surroon.ted by the peu,ple
and receives the. 11.4itark. Ibis ports, magazines' and arsenals
are open Merchant-ships are seta going out and covering the
seas, whilst others are entering the harbours.
