{:.

•

...

,

eirtrw""""PAN"
',MENTAL tONG:

of INT, CA LLED,TaIi raw= or
VOLUNTPFILI.
Pau': atosascl,lllo3. •
lets! the Add is anw ended ;
tw sic now calls us along;
awed, when with ;stink it is Winded,
torus wkso glory's die wog.
. now, ye tads of tree mettle !
ighty-seveadi, ear voices shall raise; '
+sieves her eye site may settle,
subject, more At for her praise.
band of true brothers,
arms, to give strength to her sway;
paid to nature by others,
gift, to the Yrincewe obey.
country's as Arm as old Cato's;
"onstitution our Colours we rear
own lads, frortthe land if potatoes,
or glory, has chums far oar ear.
, toyal arm bads supported;
their fame to °arises:sour he pee;
s Add where true glory le courted,
himself, the rot hips of the besett.
ecotard for ever theft bind us;
bright field mirk Off
antler, Asp foe ever find us;
And Friendshiptend Lewelvet meet us diva!
11 Line, to the end of time's story;
arms *err shelter Mid save !
be ever the crest of true glory!
Wick the ch:rm of the brnver

111141.111't 41001 m JURIES.

the rights of a free press, and
tires to continue to enjoy the gene-
the English Constitution, will be
4.ICtIAIIV Pit'iars CI givieg to the
before us. It affords uunserous pas-
' on selects of the deepest public in.
ill dolbtless enjoy a general circti-
irbear tir anticipate the gratification
at the same time that we feel it a
_iffule, by means of our own press,
Peroration, given by him as a twelfth
't the Ilea.'
INERAL DEDUCTIONS.
‘venience of those readers who desire
without consulting details, I have
"mar y of the general points insisted
of this work :
pie the ancient constitutional bul-
;berry in these kingdoms.
rth theft the .pen e are their own
;t tyranny and nppression.
instittrtion is the characteristtc which
*reefs pc/ideal beedorwand slavery.
ie 'feature% 41 their original organic:l7
• tt theii utility and perfection.
ciurtikts of jealousy exist on the
in edge:4lo the powers end imam,
•
"rats ought to tie incessantly on their
tticenettathineute afr.lawyers on their
peculiar doles: • .
e conntrris, notivithetandint, under es
bons to.toany eniiisent ireieri for as-

privileges.
: practice of settin& aside SPerdiets and,
trials, is a dangerous innovaticsb on the
-y system.
Ind Juries ought in 411 cases of crimi.
to be the barrier between the subject
armations f eit‘ against private per.
patible with the constitutional protec.
Juries, and contrary to the 25th and
111.
thole can be no sound reason why con-
Legislature and of the Coos of Law,
punished according to law.
Sheriff or gaol, r can legally receive
o*e without the legal warrant of a con-
exetutive auttority.
`special Juries ought to be struck from
ly of qualified persons in regular rota-
,heriff or constitutional ofF.cer.
Special Juries composed constantly of the
are assimilated in principle to the Ju-
..volutionary 'Tribunal, and contrary to
Geo. I.
`lO benefit of the independent trial by
a permanent Special Jury try a crimi-
m
by intermation filed ex Oat.
to list of freeholders in the Sheriff's Of-
kept full and perfect, and the penalties
Wanks.
iner-wif Ittrriten for non-attettdance,
,teased and rigidly enfOrted.
the right of choosing Sheriffs should,
regulations, be :restored to'the people.
the district whence the numerous, Aries
I for- the Courts at Westminster, ought
:d and .extended.
Juries for general puroses ought to be
lm Various districts of the jurist' Jietiost.
in criminal cases they must, if required,
inafe•
Grand Juries *ere instituted 111Alitc4
geipst the Undue influence 414 )
oes over

OunJ erne to'be n pw.t of the
if axis rows ati not unegratatit and

, the With laid 410 of ltelar. 111. are ay.
mien jq tor, 'to 'tiny criminal prosecutio4
Of'air ptitifie, ofifyit .by presentmeAt yr

die Tertn.liiry, called the Grand Inquest, I
ys enepretent to present all urgent or. enormous 4elia-
guenetes IA London and Middlesex.
V. The no 'Bill shoql3 be fband except hi the
ifillentallee vote of twelve of the Grand 3lirT•
It as evidence Is only heasirby grand
Ju-
"hneilde, it onghttnbe positive and coltain.
"Ph'at errand Juries are competent *civilly on
tket, Intention, and all qther parts of the 6fragc.
Thxt no Bill shoptd be lightly fontui,, not tic
Jury locoing the* ittAtu,sumts of ,altce, oterfurnt
•

The Kreo's Birth-day, which at all times ; r a day
of rejoicing to every true Briton, will-this year be
marked with an additional joy, as on that memorable
day 60 Capital Prizet, and /000,000 in money, will
be divided among the fortunate adventurers in the
precut Lottery ; TiQkets and Shares for which are
selling.in great variety, at-Bsslt's truly fortunate Of.
aces, and 9, Charing-Cross, where two
I Prizes Of €20,000 the last Lottery, two Prizes of
F 20,000 in the Lottery before, and seven Prizes of
r 420,000 with thirty-seven other Capitals, were sold
in the last Li months.
We are happy to inform our readers, that the rob.'
bets who have been committing a variety of depre-
dations in Shropshire, partitularly breaking open the
house of W. C. Norcop, Esq. at Belton, are appre-
hended. The gang consisted of eight. One of them
made a desperate resistance, and attempted to shoot
the person when he was taking hint into castndy.—
Another, of the name of Taylor, alias Smith, is sup-
posed to have committed many. rebberies, and to be
a convict lately escaped from the gaol of Liverpool,
being then under sentence of. transportation.
Sunday morning A fire broke oat at the house of
Mr. Smith, biscuit-linker, in Barnes%alley, near the
Dock: gate,' at Deptford, which Was entirely consu-
med ;Int by the assistance :of the engines fr rn .the.
Dock-yard, and eziltions of ;Jae neigh'. 'ors, was hap-
pily estinguiabed, without sprettOng any further.
Extoveure.,—Therstlay laic, Vet; /Jeri lgaintiri
end 17assnar Baler for horse-stealing, and G. Baeleife,
fors rape, were executed, at re,nendeti Heat. I, Kent.
These unfortunate men conducted. themsetves with
much no/witty from the time of their sentence to the
fatal mozpeor viliieVteintinafed their existence.
Wilkinson and Radcliffe Were silent ; and though
Baker denied stealing Mr- &eon's horses, he acknow.l
• 'edged to the Cb4plain that he stole one of them.— I
Maw Wood, who Ina to haye sufferawith theme!
rect4ved a respite the night Work, for seven days.
Fronde Irleoa„l44 Beicega, and .elaig Slid!, eon.
victed at the last assizes for Northumberland, have
received the PaiNee R tots T's pardon ; the two for-
mer on condition of being transported for lite. the
latter to be imprisoned in the Hou of Correction for
two years.
• '
Suoney In all eases of persons being
seized with giddiness in the head, staggering, &c. and
other symptoms, which occasion them to take refuge
in any neighbouring honseor shop, immediate recourse
should be-had to biredirw.; or, what is, perhaps, pre-
ferable, cupldng, where it can be procured. In no part
of the town can there be miich delay in procuring
one or other of these remedies. U the. seizure be 4
another description, that of spasm or strictere, bleed.
.ing may perhaps be unavailing ; but as it is impossible
for persons not of the profesaicn, to determine what
is the cause, they ought at least to know that bleeding
can do no harm ; and may, if the disorder arises from
plethora, or any of its consequences, be attended with
the happiest effects. They ought also to.be told, that
giving any thing inwarfly, such as brandyand water,
&c. may be pernicious,, if the disorder arises from full,
ness in the-vessels of the head, and at all 'gents' niece.
sions.their neglecting to be blooded. which is aremadrs
in nine cases out of tett, far more to bet'dependad tba.

." ,

r•

_ ;.-

• J
I

A MTH.
Tuesday, et £s. Gttorge's, Bloomsbury, the Rev. &Birch, Reg-
tPt of 't. hlsriWooluntb, to Mar!, tree, eldest daughter of WM.,'
Browniug„ Esi. of Woburn-01W. Itlashell'olvaxe•

- •
111(4H WATER AT 1 0200p1
1619ening ' 0
Afta900m.......•••••••141.•••44. • pp

CO

. .
• I s ' .:- •7 '
.10. That Brand Juries in particular eases are coin-'. loses its infieente in regard to OM" eta naiutil 1 PRIMO!' HON IN TVS DOROUG;a:tinuet::l:ll..
1:4
potent to hear evidence for the defendant. crimes, against which, by thegeneral indignation of ' Kent liar Pietro
31. That the country depends on Grand Juries as mankind, it appears to be demanded. basses Si..
o:sca7tml.l. 1414 iCtgtl
8L
0..
to
91.
lis
MARKS'!, Aril
constitutional cene'rs for the presentment and expo- 78. That considered as a warning, it is less opens-
sure of abuses, nuisances, and oppressions. tine on unthinking criminals its checking the career of Ships at Market Prier.
92. That the right of peremptory challenge should their passions and gratifications, than on men of chi.. I sit Newcastle lag 435. ;.d. to .SN. td.
•
be extended to all hinds of causes and Juries. cation and moral sentiments, who indulge in particus •el WS"nid_,_erialsl * 4.2 i. Sul. to 445. W. •
- That the Ist of George 111. does not deprive far passions and habits, notwittitanding the 'daily . i ' -sr :
t/ -„.. 11.1
unofditmilepelaaewhi:llyg. warning of ia.:al ewffaerentsingandtoprei3lartuantet dgestatlnijearriss:nigt ,
Ditto 7+
FU:RSI•OSI/ ElEiv:44CHataprmieorbtG74lE,44"l.lti.vi.evnps:rip:
:to:"
t
the.l n;asto
jfuPdagerlsnuany:nutlotifwithteorezigpoht
Jo s. from such* causes.
itcs..M..l....trdait' r"
I.
8 8 $ U lailttibarn'ciai',:i.Ss.t4B.7.'. LIT. Plccule pathetically to the Jin tr. ought not to bee expected to be mere operative than
55. That Judges are not bound to recapitulate the general pelitical Catastrophes avid revolutions, on Mi- ATia1it""7.;,041:4.1.443537
ii gLtir U. •
evidence, though it is desirable when done impartially 'sisters, Kings, end Govern.raeets. •
le, without leaniag or eolouring. 80. Tha% nothing tat its seppesed necessity at * Den', $ the 17 to Lisle*, el
!oversee, do. 17 to tjeeiee, es,
36. Tkat during trials Junes are primary, and- warning, can justify punishment of death, 41Ctpt
Madrid, Effect. tapliiin, 13;
'.sugg4- 'as secondary. for one or two enermoos end aggravated crimes. Castle, 46‘. Effect. Cork, u..+
37. That Counsel are bound to plead every cause 81. That the Executive Government is not justi- lei," WO.' I Now Dollar*, es. ad.
with fidelity to their client. fiable in punishing any culprit beyond the express Rio lanelro 7t, Malta 45. Gibraltar 451. • •
38. That the zeal of Connsel inevery kind of cause terms and letter of the law, and.coasequeatly none New riclubitgnisi S 4 1" 04* 611•11 r in ban per as. es. ed.
ie meritorious, and essential tojustice. . ought to be 'transported fur limited terms, to aril .....--77==- . -- -_•7.4 I 4 11'"
39. That Jurors should never forget that the Ciann- country so distant as to raider their return imputed. . . MATRIMONIAL. FELICITY.
set take either side which first retains them, and which cable. " Hat happy they, the happiest of their kind." Such is the
iibtL.
pays them for their exertions. . 82. That the legal tribunals might net to entrench pp or the taliaieriet Titomeon, when speakip4 - • the war-
-40. That the eloquence and rhetorical arts ofCoun- on the discrefum and usages of the Executive Go- rultittenc Satiateettse.hrttesty.
„inlsittreemtlts'aaituttiair
cinessnrrovit i‘sditli:C.,e, sat:rly,:::
ill A mend mind in a.sontat b 04." Hence the iptelids;uten.a.:: set ought never to mislead Juries. ' vernmcnt, by prescribing places of remote imprisons
41. That the speeches and insinuation's of Counsel ment, and modes of pun:shment for particular crimes
sweenity at ow or y porton brit he ewers i eto that close alliance,
are not legitimate objects for public report or aqui- which are not expressly directed by statute to be so lea 4 , I,', h, kb
WY e wiper hei a IL .
;mice. • .punished.
justice,
owl 1 MESAR-6- QOSS and CO. as regularly
49. That Juries should protect witnesses and guard " :hull are the principles of u.eivitesol
their testimony against alledged contradictions. constitutional truths, the barriers of civil liberty, and eon forUriP thescullaslflf'fitti"en years to toigttil*he sug‘tejy46erlthvilyoothrl:'l,rrt,
which so frruentls imbittee and t (ewe. rif
41 •That honest witnesses are often disconcerted the bonds of legal security and protection, to which, , . ,
.. OP li - tot, that Mem.
' treble Mewing, Matrimonial Fellatio. The unrivalled patron.ge
and embarrassed by the sophistry of \Counsel, and I humbly, though earnestly, presume to call the tr.',' that titer yea hlikenti received twin persons of nog krst diatil.C.
oughtlo be relieved by Jury men. tention at my country, and of Jurymen particularly, 030 i 411 d the suffifotM Watts aitstashoig Owl'. eupoiries smolt ,t
44. That in criminal and uerticular cases, the wit- at a moment when such Poctrines are much out of treatment in such complaiets. induce tbeits thus gitioheir to ogr,
di
nesses should be examined in Court separately. fashion, and when to adeocate them is not the surest ' auhit"lte.
mode of attitifiiiii honour, profit, or social distinction." ; olaseeallirregs"lientirenarlieinrearhtiatetinel4dwe7l pwretiesersorle:utlasdhnigois•7ll,
45. That presumptions and the evidence of LICVLIVI.
plices, informers, veld thief-takers, ought seldom to I 1 life, the outmoded ledulgence of lihentrism, or s 'Kid, ~a,i.
111.......11. Aph.........---
hare any influence; 1 tart', and des:rective hroit, wh:ch weaker* the energy of eel,
4G. That when Jurors are not agreed they ought i mind, and destroys the flov4r d youth; by producing "twiny
; in the one sex, and impotence in the other, they offer a sate .:td
sot to debate in Court. permaneot cure. To 'litre who, mom such cuntplaudo, ar, l•ro-
-47. That before they make their decision, they tellts.4 entering late the wisittante state, and, ashamed p• oetk
ought to Icier to certain axioms, questions, and gene- relief, broad ever their Infirmities in silitnzi. it Malt he comet
s. ing to know, however difficult or ineffectual the sure toy se
ratprinciples, given in their proper place
deemed by other practitioners, that by a removatiug and infallible
48. That they are bound by their oaths and duty maim& tit.), May to restureet to a wiled see viporows constitution.
to find general verdicts. A (retail' Disorder, frequently animated on a moment at ilia
49. That special verdicts, when unavoidable, should &leaden, and may wales ei syphilitic sidemen, hy a mondial
be conclusive in regard w the facts, and special with evor.owns mode ul tivatnostit, is aprently and radically reosos.
cat witticit retttlint in diet Of exercise. tar blimits. Gap acid Cc.
regard only to some dnulstful point of law. as also Station* of the Urethra, and Wools, winch they mon.
50. That the Jury has supreme and tinceetiouled ablest to sure in a short period, witbuut recourse to the painful,
power in regard to its verdict. dangrrou. aims of tit. Canotit ; Mamma of aliee eau be
51. That every goad and perfect verdict is k gefte- given to several Gentlemen of high orspectabdity, wbo have
been cured, after having laboured mister strict tots ter many yon o.
sal one, including both fact Intik law.
To Married Feinatee, whew aipetptatieus of those tee !a
52. That every criminal verdict of guilty or -not i pledges of connubial happiniss have been defeated, it may a'...i
guilty, implies, and essentially inclutres, both law. .be a pleaoing relitsetiou to know, that,
sip must butanes, tie
and fact. impediment is to bal removed; for sink has hair the efficacy of
their p
53. That the legal opinions of she Judge, as theyplea, that elegy Wise, who bast giVt)4 up all: hope. of pro.
geny, have ;nen arteealily 4iwart/401. Wasts. t;a.a and ee.
bear cm the facts, `should be expressed hypothetically. exeuevety preteesine•tee cure yf these pta waist f060,1601t1. in
51. That the moral responsibility and legal conse- order that they
May not be marked, by a mistaken few, with the
quences of every verdict lie on the Jury. . I opprobrium GO justly attached to the ignorant konpiree, dirk IL
but j9sugo to titsnuotvos to state, that they haws Ithartprep.*
.53. That the Judges and the gxocuiLve Power con- e
' nca!ed and tnitiati into eve) branch ut the profession, (ar-
cider the verdict of tfie Jury es conclusive in regard tificows of whir!), from diffcrei./ Hospitals, and mtiniotuals front
to guilt, add as binding on their conduct towards the the 'ilea 111illt.:A Plivolcians, they have, tO couvince ail Inquiret;;
CUrpfit. , that the success resulting
,front their ostahvours first induced
56. That Juries and Suitors are bound to etition
.p .i them to quit die practice of the genetti villainous-1i t and list'
i presume that their pretensions conotitote a fair ground tor Ike
Parliament against overbearing or unEonstitution4 .u%preeetlerire,i a: widener with which they have heq.n by 6.e
conduct in Judges. I eoblie to Kotula, honoured.
57. That Juries must be, free from the corruptiote reiereeiti the cauntey are requested to etre the seeteser,
.of their case, age, acid-OP/mu:l of ileum endiosinfit bank Noce,
or improper influence of the parties.
and Advice and Mrdleineo will be Uninediately forwards:l to
58. That Juries should imbibe no prejudice front i every past of the Kir edam.
the form or terms of the prescribed leg-al plea I BOSS ar ICo 13, Eottverir -terra, Ilierieetreet.
59. That the Foreman slielild be careful to collect
the separate independent opinion of each of the Jury.
60. That the verdict should be solemnly and im-
pressively delivered, and be recorded 'set terms as de-
livered by the Foreman.
61. That every Juryman should bear issrpind that,
'he acts for- his country, and the living guardiair fur.
his posterity of the public rights eticerby hss fore.
fathers. . .
i BT. That Juries are liable to he attainted for verdkts
given clearly against valid, unimpeachable, or uncon-
tradicted evidence.
63. That Mr. Fox's Libel Bill constitutes Juries'
the unrestrained and unshackled guardians of the li-
berty of the press.
64. That Juries are thereby rendered sole judges
`of the intention of the parties, and consequently of the
I merit, innocency, or cm iminality, of an :Wedged libsl.
63. That they ought alwaystoexercise thisauthority
with a wholesome jealousy of the influence of power
exerted against alledged libellers on public topics.
66. That they ought to admit no opinion 'besides
their own, to have. an undue weight in making their
decision.
- GT. That as it is meritorious to publish truth and
to discuss subjects of public interest,tiee criminal exer-
cise of this duty ought to be deinonstratedby the false-
hood of the alledged libel, and by other undubitable
I
marks.
68. net the trades of printing and publishing arc I
legal and meritorious ; consequently the mere fact of I
printing or publieleng.is net in itself criminal.
69. That positive proof should be adduced of the
criminal Participation of aecessaries in crimiuel libels,
to constitute the legal guilt of such parties.
70. That' a printer, publisher, or other accessary,
who inadvertently prints or vends a criminal libel, is
legally in the situation of one who has inadvertently
committed homicide in his lawful occupation.
71. That every system of legislation is bound to
make the penalties of infractions of the law known
to all who are respottsible to thee".
'N. 'Milt rslOraccountability
al or social CIIIIIIOt
reasonebly be expected of those who have not bete
instructed in a moral or secial code.
113. That the necessity of;tteieersal education is..a
consequence of iitutching universal responsibility to
law!, tar offences of which there is no innate or uni-
vsesal- rceptiest.
I+. That at toast until an opportunity has been
afferdeil to acquire a jest sense of moral, religiptis,
and legal oblicetioe, by a system of general amfa-
tiont the pun slept of fire; offencea, with, very few:
exceptions, ought tp be didactic au4 persenal, Wier
Awn exemplary and putitte. I
75. That severe laws are so (liter' defeated by toe
eympathy of those cnncereed in carrying Owlet silt! ;
pecution' that offenders calculate op a long imp.,
nity, andsht laws in consequemz cease to 14414 as
4.3itilltary cheek ors the career of vice.
• , Ice. That -death, as \he natural and ire vieeple leaf
% p{"11 Ylettioes men, at periodenctep . ime.l4,Spee
.
a teem AO distinctive st,anag, eiss
pertishpeut of 41.84;1.
"4014060441146".
.- ti. mil,:

SOCIAL HAPPINESS.
kicARRIAGE should be the foundation of Social
J.T.I. Happiness, whieltls often disturbed though the parka
that farm the union not taking timeeprecaution- whieltwonln sip
cure them the enjoyment of "tar greet slonnotic blessing. Peep!+
of every rank pay adoration to the 'brine of wedlock; but where
the cionstitution has been talntel by disease, or debilitated by a
certain habit contracted at an early age, a renowitioe of etability
previous to entering that trite is iedispetwibly requisite to revive
the slumbering sparks of life, and to reanimate the slat:oh Its
DO disorders have constibuted more essentially to deeruy limui-
-1 neat balsoissesis than apse which ore the comequeace of singuanied
pleasure It was this coustderation which ilicly....i Mom.
CUR ft and Co. for these lust mem y years, to dim' thelr4ss4•
&e. and practice retie:sleety to the treatment and cure of their.
tiered Disease, and the disorders arising therefrom ; aegis to that
derangement of the system, prods of by the destructive kakis of
I the hiconsitlerate school-boy, which brier op these ii‘tressirg
t Debilities and Deficiencies that prevent or embitter the Mr.ri•
trinnial state. The succeosful result of their Nan, gives diem
additional ardour to oppose the MOM of thou "mail" 1",
which are the ino.it Important in the catalogue of human :pi.-
retinas. It belmeeievery person who has iidulged in this sb"
buy vim to seek relief by eoneuhing Professional awn nt mi-
-1 never and isaeuur, to Which Meows. CUREIL still Cu. 0102
lasitoicpralultir.bosinerit yit
!leas
cwuriellofasith.beet:sZotatte.f.
utcosanntractdiiocuteodffascahtle.
they bold out no imbuement to v.cst ; but tonsihe as all me.,
i mc't be of the existence of stigh calamities. • they t ffrr :K.r
I 01,41/StalICC se regularly educated Menibeis of the Ittrial Colleo
lof Surgeons of Loudon and Edinburgh. t;tilltt and re"
1 eases of hyohiUtio Infeetion are radically tenets in the shoo
space of two days. Those of the angst obstinate duration, Solk.l.
1
1 Ificcals. are permanently iitilvyeta7cll2spet itlirlyPrak ..iu
*ev9feraitheNl7;bnl:to. et-..';','..!
Gentlemen of the Ant respectability bums been ender the ca:: ,t
Messrs. Corr* and Ce, for the editions! efeumplaiots et the toi-
-1 tbra, strictures, ke.arod having rafriverta rake' and ortrma:kl t
cure, request thit reference, may he made to them as Sitiii.'Cl.o
' evidence: of 14 decided superiority of Moms. Currie end L'-'
plan of treatment. , Many of these gentlemcn lied strictures•,ll
ilO to *0 years, and were moths the care t.f Masora. Hum:. liza•
visitle, and other ,urgetnis of equal em nerce, who attanno4
; their cure by the aypitcation of the lunar cadmic, without wee+.
Messrs. Currie and Co. have selected the futt‘nving later t-,3Messrs.
I the thallY tiny aro ialie tettrivia; dean gentlemen returning d.-1
~.: thcalts for the.. rrvertration to sound and vigorous health. It ‘,4
DIED. ! sent to them unsolicited, trent the son of a Noble Earl, vh•! ;:al
Of the yellow fever, at Antigua, Mr. flake', niiilthipman of his labowied under this diatresaing and painful nplady tor ten ?ear.:
7sinitty's ship Thirtis. he hid been under 14 core of visceral surgeons or profe•tocil
Af Greenwich, Captain Alex, Carr Edsse, Royej Artillery. cillkleare, MOW Of whelp 40;.,sra liisu permit:rot ref ti; :t.
At Dalkalth House, Sunday, April 7, Lady Caroline Dnugias, . from the superior mode of treatise/se... adopted and pi.t.r.,,,4'
/vlet.srs. Currie and Co. be received a radical cure in the A, ...
eldest daughter of the Marquis of Queensberry -s• M. ,e, law.
M Isetinshrl, OP Wednesday, pis. Hazer, ,ged as ; her hue_ rilasar Of one month.
band was killed at the battle of Culkulen Muir, In 1740, wbva " To 1)r, Cuasie. 107, Halum.Canler. •
serving as a Lieutenatit in the army of the bake of Cumberland, " Lord feels great pfkasure is compur. inciting :1, rm...
" Currie the perfect re-Grab:kb:went of his health, ill :4,ttlegt.t,,t
leaving her eleven cleldren, all of whcm survived. -
Oa 1444,1,64,y evtanight, at the Teri nreat op or um lowa_ of his Redd mid ashisiealele treatment of Smitten, in M.. L'n • ..,-,
Jelonti4 I,l4ShlenelloitUnate Of the Poor House, Cirtid.l '_" Hit m4ll iskl, chat he hes not for loony years enjoyed to Irmt '
March 17th, William Lewis Williams, only child of the Iter. ," C"414.11 Mid 'flu'llullt train PI" I 31441 hv 4/IWiteslut ii deut' c'.
William Williams, Dissenting Minister at Hirchin, Herm aged : his basin eV, arnod, throvgh Iris skill and attentium u pertd
.
fahlolasit years and sevim 'months. He seas lovely and pleasant ! and radical cure of that horrid compiling. As he was N.:
10. ipip. We. gad in Ills death trot thirty hope* and prospect; whisk " Wan/re to this army that others treated tbeCecl'Aaltx," "4
311 respect Moths 14 Sorrow* a nr his 41tply 41,etes1 parents.
At his house in the Island of leEttey, on thet::Otli Ult. Otte a "it in bit power, bent a fate tral Gotta just 00+3164m, to 1..1
" that nilatte of ajaptsw.e to lir. Currie whist* 1r ivrlit4„, ',
very short Illness, the Rev. Lihn LS CIOChe, *llO has 45 years " and stall e..fr he most ready and wiping to acknom.,egr. a
it
Karol of Trinite Pad*, In the pulpit his loss mrl4 be assmstely M 'UtitillD WO/iihl`f. who have wog been Ocin"lic i„.
hit. at hie dasceuraas were of that plain, enaajnos and leery
word 4"i' eiel‘l4l4l4l "ea "Of • say li° "re4,t,1141,1 narbjitia
nature, and delivered with such energy and force, that every word alacla2 Inch detects are Curable TY swilicti law; 3.". al :hawk
had its proper effect. He closed his laborious and usefullstlinistry the Moral of st,,h impet,liments be an object of 4..iilrt gia u, t:.,
al the sae of Ili sad Urfa lour sons and one daughter most taus, with tethers, yet the cars of such tletei:ts, by the grow"
‘thill lo klalealt bia:dentls. • . Illohrea• Of ectrorathan, Is the acgairement of their experiose.
bi nsrients pt suhre
01Z Nlonslay lam, molts, Igie. sheesco,a, 91 /wry, am. Messrs. Currie and Cu. may lersconttulted I- g,
ffieadiag, Berks. Ste, whir the grea,eat secrecy out honour, at their Wort I''
i or, lianoa-Gerdeti.-1 Jitters most be poet paid.
-rIeMOItgOW. T'
-crew 11 '
it

0 ND.) &wet. Auto r4l46ltris by Lis 64 11,1 thr FA'
O 'rags, Ma 1, Catty.rrrMtr midi et 4hr Oare) Tett Pk

,
•. - a
~.. .
- % .:::: - ittatm
... .
- r Aitifs s7TH itvaii
NrAt ES'S
n v cArri
Conte on,hrother Soldil
.:, The houTts merry nu
True val one e best pica.
. And, love's a gay-clic,
Then, join io my list ni
The liraae eighty-san
The Muse, lads, where
Wall tar, And a oubj
At Loyalty's call, a: a 1
We 'Trail loio arm'
Arid life, that's a debt,
We tigakqrbt a free g
Oaf lbw for our count
For our that Consti
Wesre the PRINCeII CP
And no sound, bat I
Our Colours his oat 1
'1 he charge of their
1! And we trust in the ill
They'll shine, like Ii
May union and COMO:
• A Through banana's I
4 Ad. mid , in all clailer,
i And Friendshirand
1 his hrie#e• Atrial
•May GOD and our a
May the Shumaarl be
And the Rirp 10!
. to. RICHARD pr
An who mercies'
wety roan who this
ral blessings of th
grateful to Sir Ric
1 . world the Work bef
Sages for extract on
wrest, but as it wil
lotion, we shall for
of our Readers ; a
duty to truth to dii
, she Author's Perot
Chapter, under the
OEM
• " !or the come
M arrive at results
Subjoined a Swim
. on m the course eff
. ` 1. That Stouts
I wanes Of public lil
t. That throug
I guardians a st
I. 'that t err it
distiticgaishe, er,
h.* That ail the
• Sett treeseential t
• S.. That nature
1 part of laeryers.i.
.
. sition of :twit.
k 6. That Juror
Feitagionift At
•; vinare and pee:
. - . 1. that the co
deepest obligati()
setting its best pr
•
8. That the pi
litting new tri:
lts Of the Jur:
! t g.. That Grar
• nal accusation tc
And legal aceour
10. 'that info
l' sons, are incomc
i SiLinn of Grand
412c1 of Edw. If
11. That thtS
tempts of the L
shoold not be p
: 12. That no
Ii or detain any ,o 1
stitntional exert
I 13. That Spi
the whole body
• lien, by the She
i l4. That Spo
I ' same persons,
1 ' fees of the Revc
the 4th of Geo,
15 That the
fl I
Jury is lost; if a
i: 11:4 prosecution
16. That the
ice should-bet
Increased by do
;
: 17. That fir
,
f - should he inert
13. That th
, • . under certain r
. 19. That th
`' 1 are convened f
. : to be enlaiged
, . . 20. That it
. . convened from
. . 11 - 21. That it
be of the iicin
22. That (
: tins barriers ag,
i Petit Juries.
512. that (
IF • Conatitution,
uniriersal..
. i 1
i 0 ,I
et. That 1
parent anew
. •
isgamitt -any e
: ,1 iadictment•
'25. That tl,
is competent
mcies in I
. The.
i
. -41118tinrive 1
t 34 :WI. Ott '
I.‘,
• 'ties ern ones
I . II .28. That
i' ' • 4ti"-fiit-titim
.
..OTT 4)..c0n5l
wpreishin.
• f..• -. • :,, .....
________
