VICTUALLING OFFICE, November 19, VIM
'HE COMMISSIONERS Jur rICTILILLING

lIIS MAJESTn Ler,Ly girt Nothe,

That on Friday, the fed of December next„they will he reedy
to receive Tenders in writing, (sealed up) and treat for t.e
Aupply of what SEA PROVISIONS may be required for the
of his `,.lajesty's Ships and Vessels at the Wands of Jamaica aal
New Providence, for twelve months certain, from the ist of
Match next, and further until six months twice shall be liven'
on either Aide for the termination thereof. The mode of Pay-
me:lt to be by Billa payalge with Mtn-2st ninety drys after date.
The Conditions of the Contract may ba seen at the Secretary's
Mice.

repod if Li to any Tentier in todica hie Arks goal: not Is
irlertod in nerds at /forth, or that shall not Iv efoliwred to the Board sr-
-1-e one a t hvs if.: sad roiday list 21 of Doenster next, nor modes:
tse terse* rrko,eleo the Teanter, or wore person on hie beloatf, ethoroh,
tf aarwer when rad fst wilt any Ten err chat tontnigo fICII2
pricer :pr: :one artirleo,end prigs oorieh inferior tt sea:
:4:3 a ie so:ail-red ao proper to k admitted.

VICTUALLING OFFICE, Nr0,,,,;e• t ISo4.
THE COMMISSIONERS for VICTUALLING
NL MAiESTro, NA VT, Is herchygive Nettie,

That on Tuesday nut the '29th instant, they will be ready to
receive Tenders in writing (sealed hp) and treat for Two Hurdred
Tons of good sound, merchantable RICE ; to be answerable to
Samples, to be produced with the Tenders; to be delivered cue
half thereof in a fortnight, and the other half In a fortnight afar-
wards, into his Majesty's Vial:ailing Stores at Deptfotd; and to
' be paid for by Hills payable trial interest ninety days after date.
The Conditions of the Contract may be seas at the Secretary's
i °Glee.
Xs svcsrd tri!! bs had to any Tender in which :he price shall not be
;s. reed in wsre's at length, o► that shall not he delivered is the Board
&lore Coe easel on the said Tactility hex?, the 29th isaant, nor
.mess the Person Irks makes the Tender, a, some Persas oto leis 414,
legends, Sc answer when seed fir.

SWAN INN, ROSS, HEREFORDSHIRF..
r ORNELI US YEA RSLEY begs respectfully to
inform the Nobility, Gentry, and the Public, that he ho.s
taken and entered upon the above INN : where be hors, by asii.
duity and attention, to merit the preference of their fillers.
C. Y. is harpy to say, his present Stock of "Wine and Spirits Is I
equal, if not superior, toany House In the trade; and he will pay
the utmost attention to a future selection, by endeavouring to
I
procure etas good qualities as can be had. His Larder shall al-
ways be stored with the choicest sztlcies of the season. The in-
terior of the House will be regarded with caution, particularly to
well-aired Beddio:. Elegem • and clean Post-Chaises, sttady
Hot**, and careful Drivers, will be constantly kept ; in ibort, he
is de: ermined no expence or exertion .hall be spared to reader
the Howe equal, if not superior, to any on the road.
Boats procured, and Provisions provided; on the shortest no-
tice), for Patties wilting to take an excursion down the River
Wye; :tho RanavitioScenery if wbkiiii-sylissiervedly &Wired.

CAPIEAL PRILES
SHAPED IN TOE LAST EICI:rnEN MONTSS, IT
HORNSBY P^.l CO, No. :6, COtiNHit.i., LONDON,
And ST. MAXGARET'S HtLl., BOROUGH.
10,294 - JC20,000 s ;596 - .69,000
19,144 . 90,000 10,873 - 1,900
9,579 - 10,01.44 19,944 - 1,000
9,4491 - ' i,OOO 1,950 .. stio

8,716 - 5,000 No. 44 . WO
19,570 . 5,000 10087 . WO
17,127 - 4,000
To Clubs, Societies, and individual Purchasers of Tickets and

S4aret,

I...TORNSBY and Co. bog leave to point out the he-
neficial adlantsges attanding the present Lottery, which
begins Drawing the 13th of Dr CEXZES. The lichcnie contains
ititir Prizes of besides Pri..-.cs of .C:0,000, X 5,000,
dr.4000, :C5OO, £lOO, £5O, tke. Ste. ezd u.ilv '20,000 Tickets. In
additica to the Prizes, two extra chances of 500 Tickets each are
Siren by the Cornracor, to the Purchaser of a Ticket or Share,
and are to be decided on the First and Second Day of Drawing.
These extra chances are ineakultable, and are likely to produce an
immerse aunt of money, which was not pawl& to balm aciuired
in any former Lottery.
- - •

•
N. 11. The 2,000 'rickets are lalged in the Baak of England,
therefore it haves ouiy 19,600 for Sale.
Leztas (post paid) duly answered, and ichemes gratis.
Orders, by Post or Carrier, executed on the same Terms as if
grrnost.

BOURGQING's STAirK OF SPAIN,
This day was published,
In Four Volumes Octavo, with a Quarto Atlas, price Si. 3s.
I‘4ODERN STA*. of SPAIN, exhibiting a
.01. Complete Vi w+ of its l'opogrspliv, Government, Laws,
Religion, Fiaancts, Naval and Military Establishments; and of
Socic:y, IN.laiinurs, Arts, Sciences, Agriculture, and Commerce
in that Country.

P.y I. FR. roußcomo,
Late Mit;liter Plenipotentiary front France to the Court of
Madrid.

Translated from the last IcrisE.iition of tllO7. To which are
witied Essays on Spain, by M. Pry-rots, and the Book of Post
/toads.

Prirted for John Stock:hie, Piteactil!i.

CI IZSTERFIELD TRAVESTIED!!
This day was published,
In one volume, small octavo, embelitsited with tea Caricature
Engravings by Rowlandson, from Drawings by Woodward,
pee.: only 4s. plain. or 6s. coloured,
CHESTERFIELD TRAVESTIE; or Sarno'. It
for MYD EP MANNZRS. Dedicated to George Coleman,
the younger, Esq.
" The times are oot of joint. 0 cursed spite!
"'That ever I was born to set them right. SIIIAKSPIART.
" The better sort should have before em
" A grace, a manner, a Amount 4"--BoTLltit.
This Pul.licadon, though dedicated to the wet celebrated Sa-
tirist of the age, needs not his protection to us il& it into the world,
for since the pen of a Butler or a Churchill lashed the follies of
the age, Itchier net net with so well directed or cutting a satire
on the. fullionabla follies' of the day, as CuesterfieldTravestie,
equallyebourding with attic wit and excentric conceit."
Lorideq t Published by Thomas Tegg, and sold by all Book-
let:aril:I Great Britain.

I'HE FINE SLOOP L'ESPOlR.—Dimensions :
Length - 53 Ft. 6 In.
Bread's - - - 19 111
Depth - - - 10 0
Admeasurement - - 75 CO-94 Tons.
British built, very burthernme, particular!y calculated fcr a
coaster, is well found in Mzterlak.
Also, part of her Cargo. consisting of Staves aad Cults.
The Sae At:lei:can bud: brig COMET.
Length - - - 76' Ft P In.
Breadth - - 22 ci
Admeasurement - - Ise 43-94 rons
She is a firm good Vessel, and well found in Stores, and requires
but link outfit; captured on her voyaEe from America.
The two last Vessels, asptured by I,is klaksty's ship Shannon, .
P. B. V. Brooke, Esq. Command,:r, and condemned a prize.

Also,
VIFTY-FIVE • Bales of Martin:Tie and Gu •da-
lorpe Cotton restored to the Cisiinants, which will be FA
up in suitable lots.
About 20 Tons Fezzllano fa valuable kali= Cement.)
For viewing the Cotton .14 Pozailano' and for*Catalogues,
:pply to Mr. JOHN IIAWICER, Merck nt,
Plymouth, Nov. 16. Plymouth.

Aso,
THE FOLLOWING GOODS,viz.....
6 Pipes fine flavoured Lapped= Broady,
SO Bales undressed Cork,
ass Pamela, from Bourdcaux, rozored to the Claimants.
Also, 270 llhdo. superior White Bos.rdeaus Wine.
Both parcels free of ti.. Export duty.

112 Pieces prime concerted Oak Timber, sided from 9 to 12
inches, caleulatedfor FuLtoeks for large Slits.
Lately landed from the French ship FEspoir, and condemned
as ;du.
For Catalogues, &c. apply to
Mr. JOHN HAWKER, M.:rehant, Plymouth.
Plymouth, November 19.

MANSSON AND ESTATE, HANTS.
To be SOLD, by Mr. WEBB, of Salisbury,
ABOUT £7OO a Year, with a Manor of 'Freehold.
and about X3OO of Leasehold, in a xery respectable 'Wei-
beurhood, with good Roads.
The House is Gt for the Residence of a middle sized Family, it
is capable of considerable improvement, is In the centre of the
Hants Hunt, and the StabUng is excellent. '
More adjoining Property may be had if required.

' SHAERNIESS.
VOTES FOR THE COUNTY OF KENT.
• TO BE SOLD by AUCTION.
By Mr. ROSE, at the Swan Lou, Sheerness, on Saturday, the
26th inst. by direction of the Proprietor,
I FIFTY LOTS of FREEHOLD and LEASE.
i• HOLD GROUND, new brick-built HOUSES, COTTA-
-1 GES, and STABLING; advantageously situate, at and near
Naval Row, •Mile Town, Sheerness; in front of the main street.
ftirdivrch pur:ltaser of that
These Estates are particularly desirable to persons employed in
mbers
1 his Majesty's Deck-yard and Ordnance at Sheernees, bei,,g only
ii'vehew ll Lots wEstttes wiallit,e'entltied to votrate the e
e;
for Kent; and, from the great hareem of shipping and population,
the intended new docks, and other improvements at the valuable
sea-port of Sheerness, is preriumed to offer prospects of a speedy
ants permanent source of trade and ensolument.—Land Tst 111.•
<1111151i.-+The Estatethave been allotted in small Lou, for the
1 convenience of purchasers.
May be viewed, by P.ve of tke tenants; sad particulars may
be had, ten days preceding the sale, at Garraway's Ceffeo-home„
London; of Mr. Thomas Ashiehl, High-street, Shadwelt ; tke
Ship, South-end; the White Hart, Gravesend; the Sun Tavern,
Chatham ;-King's Arms, Brompton ; the Mdse of tale; sad of
Mr. Rose, the Am:stows, Shoessts

MO

STATE PAPERS.

ROYAL FAMILY OF SPAIN.

lust Memorial which the Representatives of the Royal• House
of Spain, Donna CARLOTA JULQCINA DR BOURION, Princess of
Formal and the Erazils, and Don PCDRO CARz.Os DC Bottasom
BRACANZA, It1:.11.t of Spain, address to his Royal Highness the
PRINCE RrceNr of Portugal, that he may deign to attend to,
protect, and preserve the sacred rights which their August House
has to the Throne of Spain and the Indies, which Throne the
Emperor of the French, by meats of an abdication or renuncia-
tion executed under the most atrocious and detestable violence,
has recently torn from the hands of the King, Don CARLOS IV.
and their Royal Highnesses the Prince of ASTURIAS, and the
Infants Don CA stos and Don ANTONIO.

" The melancholy accounts received from Spain,
respecting the occupation of the capital and principal
posts by the French, the declared enemies of the
Crown of Portugal, and not less hostile in their con-
duct to that of Spain, deeply afflict us ; inasmuch as
we, at this moment, foresee the slavery of the faith-
ful and generous Spanish nation, and the consequent
ruin of the Throne of our ancestors.
."fhe irregular conduct of the Emperor of the
l'rench, and the unjust proceedings of his• Generals
and other Ministers, long since airorded us abundant
motives to manifest those just feelings of resentment
which, at the time, we thought proper to stifle in
silence ; considering that the aid of our soice was not
necessary to display the reason and justice of our
cause, outraged by the despotism of an absolute and
arbitrary power ; but now that we are apprised of
the perfidy with which, under the pretext of a friendly
conference, the King, the head of our House, and
the branches of our family in Spain, were persuaded
to trust their persons in the hands of him, who me-
naced their rights, ours, and those of all the subjectS
the King of Spain—a perfidy by which they were
forced to sign formal acts of abdication and renuncia-
tion, and individually canied out of the kingdom, to
he confined in places already stained with the blood
of other branches of our Royal Family—filled with
horror at such proceedings, we think it our duty to
implore the assistance of your Royal Highness, as
cur immediate natural Guardian and Protector; in-
treating your assistance against the propagation of
this system of usurpation, which swallows up all the
States of Europe, one after another ; and soliciting.
our Royal Highness's interposition in favour of our
:douse, that by your power and influence you may',
place us in a condition (as the nearest relatives of
the King of Spain) to be able to preserve his rights,
and stoutly to secure our own, by a junction of the
Portuguese, Spanish, and English forces, in order to
prevent the French from effecting, by means of their
itrnies, the sante acts of violence and subversion
which they have committed over almost the whole
extent of Europe.
Your Royal Highness, in consideration of the
state and condition in which our august Father and
uncle, with the rest of the farnily of our august
Hence of Spain, cannot but approve of this our pro-
ceeding—a proceeding grounded on the fundamental
principles and laws of the Spanish monatchy, from
which we will never detach ourselves—a proceeding
justified by the incontrovertible principles of divine
and natural justice ; and as such we espect that it will
merit the approbation of our beloved uncle the King
of the Two Sicilies, that of his Royal Family, and
that of all those personages who are chiefly interested
Caerein. This proceeding we also consider Ss a mea-
sure expected by the members of our unhappy and
unfortunate family, now in a state of constraint and
oppression, removed from their kingdom, and, what
is assuredly the most painful, torn from the bosom
of their tenderly beloved subjects, the faithful, con-
stant, and generous Spaniards.
" Such is the view of things which onr dearly-be-
loved cousins and uncle, the Prince of Asturias and'
the Infants Don Carlos and Don Antonio, wished to
eonvey to us, when, after describing the entrance of
the French troops, and their superiority of numbers,
they thus proceed :
in this state of things, their Royal Highnesses,
reflecting on the situation in which they stand, and/
also the delicate circumstances wherein Spain is
placed, considering that in a crisis of such difficulty,
any attempt on the part of-the Spanish people, to
estrieve their rights, would be pregnant rather with
.iiin than advantage, and could have no other result
than that of producing torrents of bloodshed, and
occasioning the certain loss of at least a great part of
their provinces, and the whole of their transmarine
colonies.'

66 This style of expression appears to offer evident
proofs, first of the violence exercised towards the
Princes to make them write, but without permitting
them to write all that they might wish, in order to
manifest their real sentiments ; secondly, that perhaps
if Spain were not so circumstanced and occupied by a
hostile army, they themselves would not think it use-
less in the inhabitants to make an attempt to recover
their rights; thirdly, that if the,transmarine colonies
were reduced to a similar. situation, they would be
completely lost. And in these expressions we disco-
ver a tacit but very obvious insinuation, addressed by
them to us and their mint faithful countrymen' still in
a state of freedom, that we should all of us, with one
consent, contribute to the defence and preservation of
their right%
4, We are, therefore, firmly persuaded, that this
opinion will meet with the concurrence of our uncles
in Sicily, and also that of all the other Members of
cur Royal Family, and all our fellow-countrymen
who are free and at a distance from each insults and
oppressions.
• 66 Rome, the depositary of our holy religion, is
once more insulted and ;n subjection to this arbitrary
Power, the co=coon disturber of Europe. In vain
sloes his Holiness protest against the exile of the Most
Eminent the Cardinals ; in vain does he enjoin them
not to stir until they are compelled bj violence. He
has no recourse but to complaints and lamentations,
as we ,perceive from his note signed by the Most Emi-
nent the Cardinal Dcria, which says, that such pro-
ceedings are rnani;estly directed to the subversion and
struction of the power of the Church.'
‘, We a:c happy in being on this side of the .At-
..nt:ic. inasmuch as we are neither subjected nor in a
c.lndition of being subjected, if, banishing from ut
:: party-spirit, we cultivate that perfect union and
.once, which, in proportion as they identify. our
-lines, will also consolidate our' resources, which
. sufficient for the formation of a respectableforce,
y adequate of itself to resist and repel any lava-
.l, and to secure our interests, our liberty, and our
ts, t.gainst the ar.:biLion of France.

•
gs We canna for an instant, entertain* doubt of
the loyalty and affection, which, at, all Ogies, the
inhabitants of the Americas have manifesteittiwardi
our august House, and most particularly tOeraids our
dearly-beloved Father, for whom they have so recently
sacrificed their lives and properties, and given the
highest proofs of their loyalty.
" Under this impression, and convinced that the
misfortunes of our family will afflict their hearts with
grief, which have ever taken an interest in the pre-
servation of our rights, we trust, that by means of
the influence and assistance of your Royal Highness,
a perfect alliance may be effected with the American
subjects of the King of Spain, by which we shall
easily be enabled to secure ourselves from the attacks
of the enemy ; while, by a measure so just and salu-
tary, we shall also destroy the seeds of those family
quarrels which incessantly arise between the subjects
of .the two kingdoms, and which always produce
consequences to be lamented.
With a view to the realization of our just and
salutaryjntcutiens, we are desirous of having a secure
opportunity to communicate them to-the Governors,
tribunals, and other personages, being the lawful de-
positaries of the authority cif our King and Master,
which we in no respect wish to alter or abridge, but
on the contrary are anxious to preserve and defend it
against the power of the French. For this purpose,
we trust, that your Royal .Highness will interest
yourself.with the Admiral of our great and powerful
Ally, the K'ng of Great Britain, that he may dispose
of his force so, that, without impairing the defence'
of your Royal Highness on the coast oithe Brazils,
it may also contribute to that of the coasts .of the Ri-
ver Plate, and the other dominions of Spanish Ame-
rica, and that it may in no respect be proi..zdicial to
the navigat:on and commerce, which tie inhabitants
of those dominions can y on with this and the' other
ports of this principality. This protection, we have
no doubt, will be immediately afforded to us by the
generosity and noble character of the King of Great
; Britain and his powerful nation.
We conclude with entreating that your Royal
Highness may be pleased to place at oar disposal ali
the necessary means for communicating our intention
to the Governors, Civil and Ecclesiastical Authorities,
in whcm resides in full vigour and force the autho-
rity of our august King and Master, and to whose
loyalty are consigned the rights of our Royal Howe ;
which we are anxious to preserve inviolable during
the continuance of the misfortunes with which French
ambition has oppressed our Royal Family of SPain.
" Palace of Rio Janeiro, Aug 19, 1508.
(Signed) gg The Princess Dona Cautor;..
JUAQUINA de BOURBON.
gg The Infant Don PEnno Cantos
de BOURBON y BRAGANZA."
RI:ELY OF HIS. ROYAL mortNrss THE PRINVF REGENT 01.
Folell;GAL TO THE ABOVE MEMORIAL.

Your Royal Highnesses do me justice in thinking
me disposed to sustain your rights, and those of such
Spaniards as are faithful to thew Crown and Country.
In the manifesto which I published on my arrival on
this Continent, in which I might.have expressed my
just resentment for the conduct of the Spanish Go-
vernment, in allinvirg a passage to the French troops,
and joining with them in the invasion of Portugal,
' I forbore doing so, and was rather solicitous to do
justice to those sentiments of regret which all faithful
I Spaniards must have necessarily felt, on seeing them-
selves compelled to execute a measure, so contrary to
the interests of their Princes and their own safety.
" I entertained the greater confidence, that the
time would at rive when we should be able to unite as
allies, for the purprsc of mutual defence against such
encrmcus and multiplied aggressions.
" I concur with your Royal Highnesses, that the
time has now arrived for entering into such an union,
in order to act against the common enemy ; and I
trust, that in concert with my Allies, anion; whom
is to be reckoned Sicily, which must necessarcly consi-
der itself as such, we shall be able to oppose a barrier
to the progress of the conquests which France may
attempt to obniiii over us. At least I will, fur my
part, do every thing in ray power to eriect this salu- •
tary combination and alliance, which your Royal
Highnesses have just proposed to me ; and I am
anxious that the Americans, satisfied that we are
agreed as to the urgent necessity of protecting them,
should unite their means with our forces, in order to
give full and entire effect to the wishes by which I am
actuated, of securing to them that peace and prospe-
rity of which they are susceptible from their local
situation.
" Given at our Royal Psloce, in the River Janeiro, under our
Royal Seal.
" august 19, 1808." " PRINCE."
[The above state papers have been extensively cir-
culated in the Spanish part of South America, ac-
companied with a manifesto in the Spanish language,
from the protesting parties.]

EUENOS AYRES.—PROCLAMATION.
Don Santiago Linicrs y Bremond, Knight of the Order of St
John, Chief of Squadron in the Royal Navy, Viceroy, Go-
vernor, and Provisional Captain-General of the Provinces
of the Rio tie la Plata, &c.

" Brave and Faithful Inhabitants of Buenos Ayres/
. - •
- - -

Since the arrival of the last vessel from Cadiz,
bringing advices of the events which have occurred
in our mother country, relative to the abdication of
the Crown, executed by our beloved monarch Charles
IV. and his. son Ferdinand VII. and the removal of
the whole of the Royal Family to France, I consider
you as anxious to fix your opinion upon a matter in
which your loyalty is so deeply interested. This
anxiety must have been greatly increased by the arri-
val of the French Agent who brought over various
l dispatches for this Supreme Government. The cla-
mours of the unthinking have reduced your accredi-
ted enthusiasm to a state of irresolution. The not
immediately declaring to you the object of his mit-
!ion, may, perhaps, have appeared to you a want of
confidence very contrary to that which I place in you,
tntl.which your patriotism has merited. But whilst
SOU were employed in idle conjectures, the Fathers of
e Country, your Magistrates, and the Chief who has
repeatedly conducted you glorious to triumphs, were
incessantly occupied in devising the best means 'tor
I mailltaiiii;g your character, interest, and tranquillity:
- " Vrern an examination of the Contents of all the
dispatches, it appears, that the Emperor of the •
French has been compelled to recognize the absolute
P independence of the Spanish Monarchy, and alto that
of all its transmarine possessions, without retraining
or dismembering the minutest portion of its dominions,
and to maintain the uniz.7 of religion, our properties,

: •

laws, and usages, which guarantee the future prespe-i
rity d the nation ; and thongh the fate of the Mo-
narchy was not entirely decided, the Cortes were sum.
moned to meet at Bayonne on the 15th of June last,
whither the Deputies of Cities, and other persons of
all ranks in Spain, were repairing, to the number of
one hundred and fifty.
" His Imperial and Royal Majesty, after applaud..
ing your triumphs and "constancy, exhorts you to
maintain with energy the high opinion which ..you ,
have acquired by your valour and loyalty, offering
you, at the same time, succours of every description;
and I have not hesitated to assure him in reply, that
the fidelity of this city to its lawful Sovereign, k the
character which chiefly distinguishes it, and that I
shall thankfully admit of every description of aid?'
consisting of arms, ammunition, and Spanish troops.
In times so calamitous, nothing can so Much contribute
to your security as union and coincidence of senti-
ment on a point so interesting to the public happiness.
Let us imitate the example of our ancestors in this
happy land, who wisely escaped the disasters that
afflicted Spain in the war of the Succession, by await-
ing the fate of the mother-country, to obey the legi-
timate authority which occupied the sovereignty.
" Meanwhile not possessing orders sufficiently au-
thoritative, to countermand the Royal Cedulas of the
Supreme Council of the Indies for proclaiming and
taking the oaths to Don Ferdinand VII. as already
announced in my Proclamation of the 31st July, I
have resolved that those measures shall be proceeded
in with the forms and solemnities already agreed upon,
flattering myself that in the midst of the public re-
joicings and happiness, we shall prepare ourselves for
new triumphs.
" I communicate this by special couriers, to all the
Heads of Provinces on this Continent, that, by adopt-
ing one uniform system, they may make the greater '
efforts to facilitate the suocours necessary to preserve
the glory acquired by a city, which, from its local si-
tuation and its energy, has been, and will continue to
be, the impregnable bulwark of South America. But
I cannot conclude without impressing upon you, and
yourselves cannot but know it, that no force is con2b
parable to union of opinion and feeling, nor any means
more effective to preserve you invincible,' than reci-
procal confidence between you and the Constituted
Authotities, who, attentive only to the public interest
and benefit, will see with dissatisfaction and abhor.
ience, every thing that opposes or separates itself
from the general prosperity. (.Signed)
'SANTIAI3O Lmetts."
nuenos acne, August 15, 1808.'

AMERICA.

NEW YORK, NOVENITF.It nfy.

The briv; I-lolkar, arrived at this port en Saturday,
has 1- rought late Papers from New Orleans. Gover-
nor Folch has issued a Proclamation to the. eople or,
Florida, declaring in favour of Ferdinand VII. It is
couched in the most energetic language, and breathes
a spirit of the most determined hostility to Bonaparte.
We observe, in all the Addresses to the Patriots, that
religion forms a principal proportion of the contents.
Letters from the Havannah, received at New York,
stat; that the Consulado of that settlement had come
to the resolution of shutting their ports against the
American flag, unless the embargo was taken off
in one month from the middle of August.
The following is the copy of a letter transmitted to
the King of Holland by Mr. JEF FERSON
" GREAT AND GOOD FRIEND,

" Having received your letter of 'September last, which notifies
your accession to the Throne of Holland, I tender you. in behalf
of the United States, my congratulations on this event. Connected
with your ?nion by the earliest ties of friendship, and maintaining
with her uni::terrupted relations of peace and commerce, no
event which interests their welfare can be indiffaeut to us.—lt
is therefore, with the greatest pleasure I receive the assurances
of your Majesty, that you will continue to cherish those ancient
relations ; and we shall, on our part, endeavour to strengthen
your good will, by a faithful observance of justice, and bi 41 the
good offices which occasion shall permit.
" Distant as we are from the powers of Europe, and devoted
to pursuits which separate us from their affairs, we still look with
brotherly concern on what affects those nations, an 4 offer constaz.t
prayers for their welfare.
" With a friendly solicitude for your Majesty's person, I tr.,
Goo that he will always have you, great and pod Fiflend, in :as
holy keeping.
" Written at the city of Washington, Feb. 428, 1937."—;4'•ast
Mc PhiladdiMia Register.)

TRIBTJTE.—a will be recollected that a few days
since, a brig belonging to a democrat, arrived at Bil-
titiore from Rotterdam, with six pipes of gin on
board. It will also be recollected that she was de-
tained in the British Channel, and had a duty of
tight-pence a gallon imposed on the gin by the Bri-
tish Government. A little inquiry into the circum-
stances of the case may here be necessary.—When
the Sophia, the vessel in question, sailed from Rotter.
dam, the blockading Decrees of the British Govern-
ment were fully known. The master and merchant,
who transacted the business of the voyage, knew they
were only permitted to come out in ballast, and if
they took in any gin, it would render them liable to
capture or detention in the British Channel. But un-
willing to lose the opportunity of a trifling specula-
tion, they shipped on board six pipes, which subjected
them to the penalty of the British laws. Let it be
remembered that the Sophia is owned by a Democrat,
and that vessels owned by Feekrafizo have arrived from
the same place hi ballast. Immediately on the arrival
of the vessel in America, and on the eve of an import-
ant election, an electioneering handle was made of the
circumstance, and the hue and cry of Tribute re-
sounded far and near. The trick, in conjsiaction with
others of the most bile and profligate nature, has
succeeded in the city of Baltimore, to the, elevation
of a crew of Jacobins, whose aim is to palsy the
' energies of the country, dry up our resources, batter
down the constitution, and finally destroy the liberties
of the people, by introducing French systems, French
politics, and French rulers: Now that they have
succeeded in Baltimore, they have determined to put a
tail to their kite, by burning the six unfortunate pipes
of gin on Gallows Hill
Gallows Hillis thi place selected by the Democrats
of Baltimore for burning six pipes of gin taxed by
the British Government for a violation of their block-
ading Decrees ; and Gallows Hill was the very place
selected by a distinguished Democrat ot, New York
to barn the constitution of his country.
We learn by a Gentleman who arrived' here in the-
ship Dispatch, front Li 'Vert Ahat the Corpo-
ration of Mexice has-oWered foutteett millions of dol-
lars as a present to the Patriots of Spain, to enable
them the more effectually to carry on tne war against
France.—Gaadfc.

THE EVENING
