.

•

GE RM4W PAPERS.
HAGUE, SEPTEMBER IS.
SIIIXIIIItiIASIStit 01 Talk STATIM•GhNeItALs
,The Central Section made a Report respecting
project of the law for restraining the licence of th.
press tit regard to foreign Powers. The Report stated
that the Sections, though sensible of the obligation
imposed on the... King and die States•Geueral to pre-
serve to the people the enjoyments of their sights and'
'iberties, were equally convinced that they ought to
see to the maiotenance of friendly relations with other
nations. They have all approved the principle, but
'lave thought some parts not cleasly expressed._ They
have proposed some changes which the King has ap-
proved, and the law now runs thus :
Art. I. AB those who, in their writing, shall have Insulted or
°waged the personal character of foreign Prlnces or Sovereigns,
who shall hare Contested or called in question the legitimacy of
their dynasty and of their Government, or shall have Criticised
their acts, in offensive or injurious terms, shall, for the first of-
' fence, be fined 500 florins, or, in default of payment,-be impri-
soned,for six months. In case the offence is repeated, the penalty
to an Imprisonment of from one to three yeets.
2. The same penalty attaches to the Printers. Editors, distri-
butors (colporteurs), and Booksellers, who shall have printed or
distributed, or caused to be printed or distributed, the said writ-
ings, unless they shall be able to point out the author, so that he
may be not only prosecuted, but convicted of the crime and pu-
nished accordingly.
The penalty to be inflicted on Printers, Editors, sad Books*"
lets, shall be attended with the loss of their patent, aed with the
prohibition to print of 'publish any work for three yang, for the
first offence, and in case of repetition for els years, and in both
CAWS with confiscation of the copies of the work primed or pub-
lished, notwithstanding such prohibition.
S. Respecting extracts, copies, or translations from other pa-
power writings, remalas as before.
4. As be:ore except that colporteur (distributor is inserted after
redaeteur, compiler, or conductor)
The discossion will take place toinorrow.
The periodical Journal called Le , ,zilant, has some
observations en the intended Restrictious of the Li-
berty of the Press, addressed to the States-General.
The following are extracts : •
" This blind respect for the acts of a Government
is not attempted to be imposed for the interest of the
Sovereign,- but of those who exercise his authority....
In Governments which are guided by Constitutions,
the Ministers are responsible, and are naturally ene-
mies to every thing that may throw a light on their
operations, and compromise their responsibility. But
what interest have we in lightening the responsibility
of the Ministers of any nation whatever ? Still more,
what can engage to sacrifice a tittle of Our liberty to
attain it ?"
The author then adduces the exampli of the Eng-
lish, who have established the inviolability- of the
ring, and the responsibility of his Ministers, wiriCh
principles are implied in the fundamental law, if not
expressly declared in it.
" Let us rematk that by this law a stranger would
no longer enjoy, in our country, the rights he enjoys
at home. An Englishman might by this' law be
brought before ouerribunal, at the instance of any
Minister, even oaf those of his own Government, for
having given, upon our territory, his opinion of acts
which he would have had the right to condemn in
his own country.
" If the proposed law should pass, what subject
of foreign policy could be treated in the Netherlands,
without being exposed to the persecutions of some fo-
reign agent. Praise an act of the French Govern-
ment which is in opposition to at act of the Eoglish
Government, you will be condemned at the instance
of the tatter, and vire versa.
64 And what it you spoke of legitimacy ?—Who.
ever should publish opinions on this subject, Jilor'
those pronounced by the Duke of Sussex in the
House of Lords, would be punished in his fortune
or his libel ty. Nay, even a Journalist who should
print the speech of the Duke of Sussex under the
head 01 London, might be condemned, at the in-
stance of France, for having reported the debates of
the British Parliament.
46 The author notices the'ridiculous consequences
of prohibitory translations from foreign papers, while'
those papers themselves are freely allowed to circu.
late in thi country. The result of such a law would
be, to reserve for the English press all thehberty
taken from ours, and to give it the exclusive privif
lege of saying every thing-so Sew kind of benefit foe
the English in our country, where the people still
want to read every thing.
61 The author observes, that the articles most com-
plained of are not so much direct attacks, but allu.
sieni, allegories and other similar media of satire and
malignity, where the venom is evident enough, except
to the eye of the law.
66 IBfine, the proposed law is inefficacious, as far
as regards the interests of Foreign P-owers ; it would
-be too efficacious against the interest of our liberty.
Should it be accepted ? It is for your High Mighti-
nesseato dedide."

• ONLY ONE DAY TO DRAW...;-NEXT FRIDAY the Lot-
tery will Finish, when the First Prize drawn must
receive- 1130,000, and may be entitled to ,130,000.—
'The Wheel contain* One Prize of £430,000, Two of
alo,oou, Four of rill,ooo, Btc. &c. Tickets and Sharer
Warranted undrawni are selling by G. CARROLL, the
Contractor, at his fortunate Offices, No. 7, Cornbill,
and 26, Oxford.street, where Not. 1,366 and 12,530,
Prizes of rel,ooo each, and Nos. 1,860 and 5,800,
Prizes of £5OO cash, were sold in 38 Shares on Su-

turday last.
Thirty Thousand Pound Ccsuels.—for the first Prize
drain on Friday next. The Wheel contains One
Prize of 430,000, Two of 410,000, Four of 41,000,
Two of 4500, besides a long List of smaller Capi.
tails, all of which must be drawn on FRIDAY next,
the last Dsly of Drawing. Ticket and Shares, war-
ranted %Indrawn, are on Sale at CARTER'S Office, 8,
Cbaring•Cross, the oldest Office in EDAISIVi.
FORTY THOUSAND FOUNDS I—and THIRTY THOU..
SAND Pollens t—.lt is with the greatest pleasure that
T. BIN% is enabled to announce, as usual, that singular
good fortune which so invariably attends his Offices.
Saturday last was the Second Day of Drawing' of the
Lottery, when N 0.0.955, a Prize of 440,000 Consols,
and No. 3,123, a Prize of 5e30,000 Consols, also,
7,181, a Prize of 4300, were sold and shared at his
fortunate Offices-4, Corolla' and 9, Charing Cross:
Neat Friday, the 4th of October,. is the Last Day,
when the Fint.drawnPrize will be entitled t 0430.000
Consols in addition: "The Wheel contains One of
430,000, Two of 410,000, Four of 44000, Tyro of
4500, -Three of 4300, Btc. The fortunate Holders
of the'above Capitals may receive the amount of their
respective Prizes iounediateli. at either ef the Oates
of T. Drist-4, Cocain ; or 9, Cliaziog QOM.

- -
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCKs
Rgliccif shut—Cons. mo. 0510—Cons. for ace. 6114
4 p.r Criu. shut-5 per Cent. Navy 9,211
India Bonds is. 41. pre.—Estehequtr 11.. pre.

Lest night we received another parcel of Conti.
nental journals, and in them a corrected statement
or the amendinents made in the proposed lAw for
restraioing the Liberty of the Press in the Betio*
I empire. The friends of rational libertrand of good
laws,—the real 2nd -only true supporters of legitimate
governments, the best, because the conscientious
suppOrters of Kings, Rulers, and Magistrates, cannot
contemplate encroachments on the freedom of public
disctission—restraints on the liberty of the press
without alarm and dread for the consequences. They
are but short-sighted politiciens, who can believe that
their own importance and stability can be ultimately
Increased by attacks on the chief safeguard of public
tights and general freedoms and it augurs ill of the
stability of the system or systems suppoied to save
been founded and established by the,subversion of
French tyranny and foreigis declination. They can
be upheld by no other engine but the press—if they
are worthy to be supported : if they ire not, attacks
on the freedom of the press will only hasten their

downfall.
The pretended amendthents are no amendment
whatever. They take for granted, what never has
occurred in the history of the world, that the rulers
of different States can never act wickedly or unjustly
towards each other. When potentates get by the
ears, one or both of them must be in the wrong ;
but, forsiloth, the press of the people, which suffers
injury from the wrongs of a foreign despot, is not to
say any thing that can be construed to be an insult
to the personal character of the foreign 'sovereign.
If such sovereign sends his armed bands into his
neighbour's territories to burn their habitations and
carry off their corn, who, in this case. is the robber ?
Can any thing be more insulting than to be called a
thief? but is a man who steals the less a thief for
being a legitimati sovereign ? Is white to be called
black, or, vice versa, when we speak of the robberies
and oppressions of monarchs, that we may avoid
speaking of their acts in vfrasive terms P
A very brief retrospect might,. one would think,
prevent even the apprentices in the an and mystery
of Legislation from forging weapons for their own
destruction. How long is it since the press in 'any
of their territories durst offer a single observation on
the character of the foreign Princes and Sove-
reigns" who then tyrannised over Europe ? While
they answer this question let them answer another.
Bet for the free Press of Britain, which spoke without
disguise of the overbearing influence, and arrogance,
of the insults, the robberies and violence of these op-
start Potentates, woald their power ever have been
overthrown ? Or, in other words, but for what the
French (aye, and the Dutch Press too) at that time
called, the iwuhing ad outrageous conduct of the only
free Press then (or now) existing in Europe. towards
the isfrsonal character of foreics Prince: and Sovereign:,
criticising their acts in (to them) offensive and injwiow
ternm-.but for this viould.those who now occupy
their places ever have had the power or die opportunity
of proposing laws to fine and imprisonment for *in-
dicating the rights of mankind !---:for vindicating
the rights of Rulers and their subjects ? Pitiable
and cenitemptible ignorance and infatuation 1—
But we refrain that we may avoid terms which may
be construed to be an insult or an outrage to- the
personal character of these-enemies of the 'Rielly of
the press ; for it might be ealled,offensive criticism
were we to designate their weak and foolish attempt
by the proper terms which it calls for.
We have exhibited their ingratitude and folly,
by reminding them of the .iervices rendered to
them by writings which • insulted add outraged -.4e
personal character of foreign Prince: and Sovereigns
during the k'rench Revolution: let us for a, mo-
ment look at a still ,more recent event. " His
HIGHNESS" of Algiers, whose legitimacy insist
not be questioned, since legitimate Governments,
Holland not excepted; recognize him in regular Trea-
ties—e 4 His Highness" sent on: armed ships to seiie
vessels on the high seas, tnland on defenceless shores,
and carry the crews and the inhabitants info slavery.
In what language should Editors speak of such
acts? Could the Chainber of the • States General ?
Could the Belgian Monarch himself furnish a vocabu-
lary of arms to be employed by the.public prels when
speaking of such acts which would not expose the Edi-
tor, by the terms of the proposed law, to the penalties
of fiae, confiscation, imprisonment, and suspension of
his business=-that is, the ruin of his family? Shame—
shame on your besotted, folly I The Press delivered
Europe frOm the chains oflotidage L Tile Press alone
can asaintain her independence the freedom of
her respective States Destroy the freedom of the
press—enslave your people, and the legitimacy of your
dymmtim will be laughed at. Those who can best
wield the sword, will than be the only Legitimates.
You .will then call upon your subjects to rise again
for your deliverance, but you will call in vain, even

if you sbouldagaia prodtist them free Constitutions
and a free press! • . •
Yesterday Earl BATIWRIV had an audience of the
humls Klimil4 at Cutups Muse.

koirru. AMERICA:

following particulars respecting the P:
Expedition against Monte Vide
this morning at LLOYD'S, in a letter f
_ Buenos Ayres : • •
44 BUENOS AYRES, I
a We have accounts from Rio Janeiro,
expedition destined against Monte Video
the 12th ultimo, and- would touch in at j
rise's, where it is expected they were to rem:
the winter. Akhough the inhabitants of
ire placing kin a state of defence, the p
will have little difficulty in obtaining posse:
but we doubt much of their succeeding or
Oriental. The people 'here have an ides
views of the Portuguese Goiernment are ag
but we presume they will permit us to rue
at least until they obtain a &m booth.
other side."

IfdVAL INTELLIGENCE
MARGATE, SEP:UMBER 30.
The schooner Thomas, CROCKFORD,
for London, got on shore yesterday o
Rock, brit• atter throwing overboard
cargo, got off and proceeded on her voy.l
RAMSGATE, SEPTEMBER 20.
We yesterday had rather a severe gale
day, with rain, which caused several reel
in from the Downs—some for shelter rt
with trifling damage. We regret having
loss of the EmMa pleasure hnat, belong
port ;•.she foundered off Broadstairs yestt
noon, and four persons, the whole on
pity petished : this boat was latey the
Mr. Cum's', (son of Sir W. CURTI!, Ban
by him to a poor fisherman ; she was alv
dered by nautical men here as a very un
a sea way, something of the peter boat
only calculated forriver sailing.—Put in tl
GERARD, from Sunderland, bound to '
with loss of ,anchbr and cable; also the J
rick, from Rotterdam, bound to Bourdeal
of mainmast. The Venus, Samna., fron
for London, lest her anchor and cable of
Foreland, another has been sent off to ht
DEAL, SEPTEMBER so.
Arrived-and sailed (Or the River, the
John, from Quebec ; Flora. from Marge
and Reward, from Jamaica.; Fortune,
duras ; Nelly, from Canada; and Bli
Havannah. Came down from the Riv
garet, for Buenos Ayres ; George.
Diana, lot Genoa and Leghorn ; also
Indiamen, and remain.—Wind W.S. W. i
PORTSMOUTH, SEPTEMBER
Arrived the General Elliot, HEADLEY
bee, with loss of misen-mast; Attenti.
from Wilifan ; Lady Ann,' from the.Dc
to Martinique. and Patty, SPRINGRALL
raltar.—Wind W.S.W.
FALMOUTH, SEPTEMBER 41
Arrived the line, ABBOTT, from G
sailed for London. The Mars. Hoas
days from Madeira, is passed for Londot
Duke of Marlborough packet for. Is;olirre
YARMOUTH, SEPTEMBER 29
- Ariived the Compton. GARNER, wil
anchor and cable. Sailed the Alli.ince
a Mail for Gottenburab. -
GRAVESEND, SEPTEMBER St
Arrived the Swift, Lordman, from Calais ; t
Day, from Waterford; the Commercst, Vine,
the Aligene, Davis, from Jamaica; the Unity.
Dublin ; the Perseus, Richardson, from Archani
Liebman, from Oporto; the Sarah Ann, Watson,
ilte Fortitude, Herne, from Jamaica; Thomas,
Boston; the Avon, Bawl, Wont Lisbon ; tLe Jack
Jamaica; the Perseverance, Chet, from Riga;
Teryel, from Jamaica • tPe Ann, Wiser, from 1
river, Jones, from Jamaica;
; and Diligence. Ell
ford.—Sailed the Charles. Oremont, for Rouen ;
for ditto ; the Fame, Moore, for Drente.) ; Reo
I3metick; the Maria, Smith, for Elsinear; For
Amsterdam ; arid Hertuanue, Van Kean, for dist
OU !RAGE AT HASTINGS, SEP I El
T0.711E EDITOR OF TtlE STAt
Sta—An erroneous account of this
appeared in one of the Provinel3l Pape
trouble to hand you a More correct
About eleven o'clock a. in. on Satoida
September, his Majesty's schooner Go
a smuggling lugger on shore a littli tc
of Hastings, and sent a boat in to del
crew of which wero immediately diSarr
collected to defend the smuggler.
from the schooner- then came in close
`and the Officer landed to look after his
instantly attacked by the rabble in
manner, and in all probability would .h
dered (his men halting pushed from tit
themselves) had not a•Gentleman r
the beach with a men!, or sword stick
multitude at bay.. (undcr a shower of
the Officer get to his boat. The Gen
understood, an Officer at &Wines, In
learn his name.

A ship of about 500 tons, with. a i
ports, without head or gallery, was
near the 'Warp, with all her masts p
three smacks.
The amount of the British NAval T
day is—ln Commission '2o7—Ships 1
dinary and repairing for service 370—
Total 618. •
Thursday five large buoys were pla
and near Exmouth bar, as a direction
' entering the port r the buoys weigh at
each, exclusive of the iron sunk to ea
to twelve hundred weight, with $0 fe
tubed: 'l%) meet the expense incidern
cute penny per ton is levied (hy legal
at/ vessels entering the harbour..
A letter was yesterday received fro.
Lloyd's at Genoa, dated September
the depositiOns of four Captains who
that•port, -respecting their vessels bei
pirates. Two of the cruizers were
vessels, and :hewed no dolours.
An Algerine vessel bad taken a sl
Sardinia, off Civita Wed a. The c
chantinan deserted their, vessel on
cruiser bear down on them. The A
said he seas embarrassed what to do,
off the Roman States, and could not
the Algeihm were at war with the I

. - •
,---- '''---...Vg=2.--"I E EVENIN "STAR-
The fell
I
. WI DON. . •
Ornilian
; ihe ceived thi
the TUESDAY, OCTOBER .1, 140. Agent It
.. ............‘, --...,u,vi ve O'CLOCK.
