EMPLOYMENT OP THE POOL

Lord NUGENT moved for leave to bring in a bill to promote the
employment of the poor, by giving liberty to biting and at adequate
wages. The noble Lord stated that the bill was the same which he had
carried through the house on the previous session to the second reading.
He did not anticipate any opposition to the tell, which was to do away
with the system called Roundsmen, and to establish a power by majo-
rity of raising a labouring rate and thereby abolish a system which
was at once ruinous to the lalx:urer, and demoralising to the commu-
nity. He would not express all that be felt and knew of the distress
that existed among the working classes—his object was to mitigate, not
to exasperate the differences that existed between the two clinics on ac-
count of the unnatural state that the wages of the labourer had been
forced into by this system. In one parish in Sussex the wages
of young unmarried men had, during the pinching months of
winter, not exceeded 4s. Gd. and some only 3s. (A. per week. Of flour,
the smallest quantity that would maintain life was one peck per week,
and that starving ratio cost 3a. and it might naturally be expected, a
man forced to exist through a long winter on this allowance, which cost
him 3a. out of his miserable allowance of wages, that he must be faced
to do something desperate ; but he was bound to state, to the credit of
a patient and suffering peasantry, that at the period to which he alluded,
the calendar at the assists was WV!r so light.

Mr. RUTHVEN supported the motion, and took the opportunity of
expressing his admiration of Sir R. Peel, for the many services he bad
rendered behind.

Colonel FEROUSSON, in giving his support of the motion, also
eulogised the hon. secretary.
Mr. BRISCOE supported the motion. He stated that in one parish
the poor-rates had been originally 2s. Bd. per acre, and that these rates
had not yet exceeded 4s. Lod. per acre ; but there each labourer had
been in possession of two or three acres of land ; and to this cause was
the lowness of the poor-rates to be ascribed. He hoped that the Noble
Lord would take that suggestion in the formation of his motion.

Sir J. SHELLY and Mr. CURTEIS supported the motion.
An Hon. ME II BER, who in support of the motion, remarked,
that it could only be made eft in I by the introduction of
poor laws.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY would have preferred to hear the
of others rather than advance any of his own for the relief Tr
turista t but under the present circumstances be would offer three sug.
rations to their notice. He would suggest to Parliament to call upon
the landlords to look into their accounts, and as it bad been Intimated
that there wu a desire of adopting the rate of malaria in 1796, let the
land-owners contrast their present incomes with what their property then
was worth, and make a deduction accordingly. The farmers can never
afford to give the relief required to the labourer; if they are called upon
to pay war rents, war ratee,and war tithes, they could not pay the la.
bourers ample wages.
Mr. LONG WELLESLEY alas sun ebeavations which we did
not hear distinctly, but which we usemehred to be remarks upon the
country gentlemen and the church property.
Sir U. W. RIDLEY protested wines wash language being used
against the country gentlemen. It weniapseelhieM suppose that they
could ever obtain exorbitant rents for their hods; for common sense
most teach every one that if landkalle he their bob at too high a price,
they would not get tenants to take thus, and eemmas sense would al.
ways make the landlord reduce his rent where it was newesely.

Mr. HUME remarked, that the hon. member for Colchester bad sug-
gested that the rent of the land ought to be reduced to the rents of
1796, but he must take into account, in making such a proposition, what
money had been expended in improvements. In some cases there
was land that had, from being worth SOL had, by improvements alone,
been made worth 601. per we. (Hear, bear, hear.) Rent was like
the price of every thing else—it could never be controuled or re-
gulated by law. He was quite satisfied that it must come to the
country gentlemen at last—it was they who had spent the money
in support of the Government, and they must now consent to
part with it. We have, be observed, an expensive Government at
present ; but let us have a cheap goverorrent, and then we will do. He
regretted to hear the hon. member for St. ifs t, who wished to support
the Church in supremacy. It had been rather dominant, and not servile,
and had got rich and was above working. The has. member (Mr. H.
was desirous to see the tithes applied to their primitive purposes for the
support of the poor as well as the try. e. wow suggest that age
neral modification and computation tithes should take place. Lee
that be fixed and settled similar to the tithes el doedsod. There the
land was rated on its value, and not the roam hi to the tithe-
collector. When tithes were taken of the swim, it prevented the
progress of improvement. The new governess( must attend to this, or
the Clergy would soon not get any tithes at all. Parliament ought not
to separate until they had done something to allay the irritation that
existed in the public mind on this point. The hon. gent. ought not to
support the church, but for its duties and utility, sad ft was as easy to
set men above their avocation as to stane them at their employment ;
and a person in possession of 20,0001. or 30,0001. a year was not very
likely to be useful as a teacher.

Lord NUGENT replied ; and leave vu granted to bring in the bill.
Mr. HUNE moved for an amount of Fees received in the Rolls
Conrt.%—Ordered.

Me. RUTH YEN moved for a return of the Emoluments of the
Judge of the Prerogative Court; also, foe a returnr Ordered.
the
Viears.General of the different dioceses in Ireland. tia
lied REWEAVE presented a peados front the town of Galway,
praying that the Catholics and Protestants eboold be pet on the same
food* •
bir If. PARNELL presented a petition from Bareemnpen.Humber,
praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
1141 JOIINSTONE gave notice foe MoOday of a modes on the
oubilievist election petitions.
lard NUL; ENT brought in a bill far better employing the poor.
Raid tint time ; to be teed a ascend time on Friday nest.
A mud at a Quarter to Eight.
