-3, " -4*

_`.•

ARCM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

BANKRUP I CY ENLARGED.

by, 21, William Maurice Cahoon of High Holborn, musleal
instrioasot-maker, at tans at Guiklhall.
Srpt. 17, George Morley, of Limey, Sussex, argent*: and cabi-
oot-asalier.,' at fen, al Guildhall, •
•
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
•

William Bell, of Tot, etobarmenairt-t oz.', linen draper.
George Vipond of Ludgate-11111;14nm Araper.
David Cross, of Bochum Norfolk, farmer, dealer and charman.
BANKRIIPTS.
George Wilkinson. of Sutton undei Whitestoneeliffe, Yorkshire,
hawker, dealer and ebarnan, to strrender September 18, 19,
and October; 15, at eleven, at doe Gulden Fleece Inn, Thirsk.
Attainles, Messrs. Mnr.on and Williamson, 5, Gray's lon-
square, London; or Mr. Walko r, Thirsk.
Sambrook Burgess of Mancherter, calico-printer; dealer and
" cbarman, October 1,9, and t 5, at eleven, at the Deg Tavern,
. Manchester. Attornies, Messrs. Higson and Atkinson, Man-
chester ; or Mr 1 Uos, Chancery-hone, L undon.
Thumas Chambers, of Cranswlck, otherwise Hatton cunt Crane-
wiek. and of Cawkell,Yorkshire, farmer, miller, trathr, dealer
an 4 charms*, September 10, at three, gept. 11, and October
15, at eleven, at the Beverley Arms, Beverley. Anomie", Mr.
Ellis, Chancery-lane, London; or Mr. Simpson Dickinson,
Orem Drifiled.
Lobar &mbar, of Westhooglaton, Lancashire, cotton-manufac-
turer and cordwainer, stealer and thapman, Sept. 90, at fuur,
Sept. 91. at nine. and October 15, at fear, at the Commercial
Inn, &bon in the Moots. Anomie*, Meftsrs. Kay and BolUng,
Bolton; or Messrs. Moine and Parry, Teraple, Lonti.m.
Thomas Butler, of An= Tirruld, Berke, grocer, oleikor and
• charms, Rept. it, at two, Sept. 19, and October IS. at ten, at
the Lamb loon, Wallingford. Antonin, Messrs. Hedges, Wal•
lingford ; or Messrs. Price and Willoams, Lisicoln's
DIVIDENDS to be made at GUILDHAI..L.

- -
Sept. 24, John Benedict Dannenberger, of Attain Friar., mar.
emit, at ten. Sept. 4r,'Wiilians Renton, Holton Fielde, nu riery.
man, at eleven. Sept. 7, GemesNuttage, Monnthcbet,
Boca, miller, at eleven.
DIVIDENDS to be made in the COUNTRY.

- -- -
Sept. 25, Thomas Kelly, Bristol, cordwaitter, at eleven, at the
Talbot Tavern, Bristol. October 4, William hl• ?dims, Manches-
ter, eraper, at ten, at the Bridgewater Arms, Manchester. Sept.
67, Edward Belli* the younger, of Nantwich, woollen draper,
at eleven, a: the Lamb Inn, Nantwich. Scpt. 27, Richert' Orme,
Chester, draper, at twelve, at the White Lion, Chester. Sept. 211,
John Penes. Chester, linen.draper, at twelve, at the Whtte Lion,
October- Chester. ctober 10. 'bagels 0:v tram, Work.op, linen-draper,
at tett, at the Dog Tavern, Manchester. Sept. 27, Johis New-
stead. Aell, Norfolk, spirit-merchant, at four, at as Norfolk
--- - -

-
CERTIFICATES, Sap Tempts 24.
George Woods. %Vokeiug MU, Surrey. mealmati. John Mar-
tin ata+strolle.Garthorp. grocer. John Davies, Manchester, hatter.
Jaen &play, Wellington. pork-buteber. Juba Wight, Darning-
iabstead manufacturer.

TIIE EVENING STAIL

N DON.

11117110131511, Na VI. will appear au Tuesday neat.

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1516.
1114 ICE 01: sTooks THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
ittthicrd tun. 61,1...C0m. fur see. 02i
4 ocr Cent. 7ni--5 per Crvt. Navy
back Long Antis o 5 I eat 1--Indta Bun& 61. 7s. pre.
Ischequer 1311 s, 21. 50. prt.

This mourning we tecrived the Paris Papers of
Friday, Sawnlay and Sunday. The strong gales in
the Channel from the Westward prevented their arri.
val sooner. An article from Madrid Kates, that the
espedition for Wale° so long spoken of. is nciw ready
t') bail from Ca.liz. It consists of 2},000 chosen
troops and will be commanded by as experienced
General, but his name is not mentioned.
There bas been a meeting at Paris of an Inuits:•
tion founded and presided by Sir SIDNEY &ran, and
denominated the Anti.riratical Society. Its object
is to put an end to the slavery of the Whites on the
coast of Africa. The intentions of the members are
perfectly humane and philantfiropic, but we suspect
they over-rate their power. They have received a
dispatch, it seems, from the Emperor of Nlnitocco.
which titters them highly : his Imperial Majisty,
forsooth, is-very desirous of neutrality, now that.he
sees Lord Exatoutir's fleet in the offing, and wishes
of course to be permitted quietly to carry on
the Slave Trade, black and white, as heretofore.
—ls the Society . aware that the Emperor their
Ally. is a more extensive dealer in slaves than their
worships of Tunis awl Algiers. The only difference
is, the former is a laud crab and the latter are sea
crabs in this respect.
A letter from Gallipoli gravely states, that the
English make persons pay too high for every thing,
whereas the French merchants charge moderately
for all their comraodities: this article is evidently of
French manufacture.

COLMAR EXTRAORDINARY OY SATURDAY MORNING.
Yesterday, after Mass, Lord Wellington bad.an
aud;ence of the King, which lasted an hour. It is
said that his Grace set nut last night for Cantbray.
AOgOSIiIIO, the aeronaut, alighted the day before
yesterday, at half.past nine in the evening, with his
companion, fourteen years of age, in a plain, depen-
dent on the Commune of Lessigny, is the Arrondi•sse-
meut of Melun, near the Castle. The distance from
Paris is six leagues and a half. The travellers were.
extremely well received by the Mayor.
We learn from Ilesalvn, that the prosecution of
the banditti, who, under the name of the free corps
.of 'the Cote d'Or, Captain Chambure, traversed, in
1815, the mountains of this department and of Po•
rentruy, and committed all sorts of crimes and de
predations, opened on the 25th of August, before the
Court of Assizes of that city. The prosecution will
last several days.

COURIER EXTRAO.RDINARY OF SUNDAY MORNING.
We are assured that our negociatiotts with the
Court of Rome have assumed a new 'degree of acti.
vity. The bases of avrangements are laid.
The Grand Council of Geneva has decided that,
on aceouut of the general scarcity and bad weather,
Awe &di be no Spagarlc: in that city in' 1516..
:..Ccimmeeiee. Was, reilltned its ectivity in the depait
meat of the tonere. The silks, niikh form thi
