an organization so simple, that even at the moment
of the most extraordinary wants, every kind of pro-
perty, and every individual, may be called upon to
provide for them in regular proportions previously
fixed and determined upon.
The constant efforts of his Majesty have never
ceased to tend to this state of perfection, and they
have been crowned with success—they have been
crowned by decisive success ; and our finances are
equally prepared for peace or war.
----- In time of peace 600 millions will be sufficient for
The intelligence circulated a few days ago, that the public expenditure, and even for extensive ame-
lioration. The receipts which have now risen to 800,
wi
was transmitted to this country by Mr. Holland, the ll therefore be reduced by one quarter.
In time of war there will be no loans, no levying
agent for the English packets at Gottenburgh.
of contributions of a novel description ; no attempts
Doubts are now entertained of its accuracy. The to obtain new resources, which are always so uncer-
Swedish Secretary of Legation to the Supreme Junta min. The contributions will be restored to the war
of Spain, arrived with the last Gottenburgh Mails. establishment, namely, to SOO millions ; and eve
nvn
He left Stockholm on the 4th instant, at which period raked 100 or 150 millions if necessity requires it
no intelligence of the re-commencement of hostilitieslth6 will be effected by a simple Property Tax (mei,'
de qualm) which will render every citizen a judge of
had been received. He had not even heard the 1 the share which belongs to him, in the good or bad
report until it was read to him from the London fortune of the State.
pers. , Observe, Gentlemen, that this simplicity has no-
Pa ' thing in common with that so imprudently proclaim-
The Hon. Mr. WYN-Driam, a son of Lord Ecte-
' ed as inevitably resulting from one sole contribution,
MONT, sets out this evening to join his regiment. He '
'on the cont-ary, it is founded upon the conviction
will also be the bearer of dispatches of considerable ' that the imposts should be occasionally varied, that
importance for the Spanish Government- i our revenue laws have comprehended every impost
M. ADLERIERG, late Swedish Minister to our Court, which it was convenient to establish, and every thing
goes out to Spain in the same official character. He reasonable has been attained.
I It now only remains to terminate the survey of the
will sail for Corunna nest week, in an English frigate, empire, without which the uniform decreasing or in-
accompanied by M. Dossox, Secretary to the Ern- , creasing progress of the taxes would want the proper
bassy. I apportioning, and would continue to affect the pro-
- Iprietors of funds already overcharged ; but the ac-
complishment of this survey which is to efface so many
inequalites, and to repair so many involuntary and
inevitable acts of injustice, is pursued with so much
, constancy, that those who once refuse to believe the
. possibility of this immense work no longer doubt its
I final execution.
1 I ought not to out, Gentlemen, to mention the
creation of the Board of Accounts in which you co-
operated last session. A new institution
unit was d
requic-
r-
ed, unique in its object, powerful in its y, an a
I icessible to all revenue collectors, in consequence of
the rapidity of its action ; embracing all responsibi-
ilities which are connected with the public purse. It
must from its arrangements be equal to all the wants,
and answer all the demands made upon it. The
1 principles upon which this establishment rests, the
1 choice of its members, the importance which has
been given them, every thing warrants the success
which the government expects ; namely, a salutary
vigilance over every department of the revenue.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
The same principles of order, and the same views
of dispatch to the public service, have determined the
organization of the general superintendance of the
victualling department. This arrangement places
the war department out of the reach of Contractors,
who have often kept it at their own mercy; and to
this advantage it unites that of great frugaaty ia the
public expenditure.

Tur, EVENING STAR

LONDON.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CI.OOK :
Consols, for money, 671 67—for ace. 67f—Omnlum dis.
Exchequer Bills, 6s, to Fla. prem.

We have this day received some sets of the Minor
Paris Papers to the 12th inst. from which we learn,
that NAPOLEON, who arrived at Bayonne on the 3d,
as we announced yesterday, set off on the day fol-
lowing for Spain.
If we may credit the accounts in these papers, his
arrival at head-quarters on the sth was the signal
for a general engagement between the French and
the Patriots, which terminated in a victory on the
part of the former.—The next arrival from Spain
will probably decide whether there be any truth in this
statement.
The series of the llioniteurs received yesterday was
incomplete. These journals supply the principal
deficiency, namely the annual Exposi of the tituatime
of the Empire. It is a document of considerable
length, and, after the preamble, is branched out into
the following heads : Administration of Justice, Reli-
gion, Sciences and Literature, Public Education,
Interior Administration, Charitable Institutions, Na-
tional works, Industry, Commerce, Agriculture,
Public Treasury and Finances ; War Department,
viz. Marine and Navy—The Present War.
Some of these are comparatively uninteresting to
an English Reader ; and as the whole would occupy
a larger space in our columns than we can possibly
devote to it in one day, we shall confine our first ex-
tracts to two or three of the principal heads, which we
shall subjoin without abridgement :
EXPOSE
OF '7-11E SITUATION OF THE EMPIRE, BY HIS LNLELLENCy
THE MINISTER OF THE IN 11:RIOR.
GENTLEMEN--You have terminated the preced'ng
Session by leaving the Empire happy, and its Chief
covered with glory. One year has elapsed, and a
multitude of new circumstances have added to the
fortune of our country, and increased its hopes of the
future. Every thing which I have to detail is already
known to you. I have no occasion to instruct you, but
to retrace to your memory the principal events which
have filled up the interval between your two Sessions,
and to recal to your hearts every addition which France
owes to the wisdom and valour of her Sovereign.—
I shall speak in the 'first place of the wants of the
people, of public justice, and public instruction ; of
the arts and sciences, of the numerous branches of
internal administration, of our religion, of our finan-
ces, and of our principal relations with the people of
the Continent.
This last recital will naturally lead us to speak of
that merciless and interminable war which we are
sustaining against a singlegnation. The glory of our
nation galls, while our power alarms it ; the inde-
pendence of our commerce and of our industry, dis-
turbs it; every thing is still to be decided by arms,
but the day of retribution is not far distant !
TREASURY AND FINANCE DEPARTMENT.
Order and good administration have been main-
tained throughout every department. The public
treasure has been arranged with the most precise and
luminous regularity; differing from a private admi-
nistration only by the extent of the details which it
necessarily embraces.
The finances have been successively brought by the
Emperor to a state of order and prosperity unknown
in the best managed governments. They exhibit a
trophy. raised by immense labours, joined to the wisest
combinations, and with a patience which has swallow-
ed up intricate and barren details without number.
The nation reaps the advantages of this new species
of conquest. Since the people have consented to the
establishment of indirect contribution, the finances
have been truly established, and perspicuity has been
ciispl iyed th:( u;;hout ever--y branch of the public
service.
Finances have become in modern times the means
by which States are preserved, and keep pace with
their stability; if they furnish feeble, precarious, or
too burdensome resources to the Government, its
strength is palsied, and individuals are impoverish-
ed ; while, if war or other misfortunes overtake by
surprise a nation in this situation, she must either
make a disgraceful compromise, or be ruined by her
oppo ,ition.
The Finances of a State are never essentially good
except when they are independent of all accidents ;
when they can dispense with the disastrous resource
cf Loans, or excessive contributions ; in short, when
they are so closely connected with property in gene-
ral, that they are only a direct emanation from it :
then only are they strong, durable, essenbially na-
tionals and sufficient; if above all, they have received

MARINE.
Although the maritime operations of this cam-
paign have been limited by the Government; yet has
an armed squadron from Toulon, as if by enchant-
ment, and conducted in a masterly manner, been able
by wise manoeuvres, to defeat the plans of the enemy,
by throwing into Corfu men, artillery, ammunition,
and provisions sufficient for two years. After having
thus rendered useless the attack with which this bar-
rier of the Adriatic was threatened, the fleet of 'Ad.
miral GANTHEAUME has fortunately effected its re-
turn in spite of the difficulties of a stormy navigation,
and braving every tempest.
The colonies have also been furnished with sup-
plies by means of squadrons of frigates and of cor-
vettes, which, while they executed an important com-
mission, have, like the Corfu squadron, captured a
great number of ships belonging to the enemy richly
laden.
In the East Indies, prizes valued at 15 millions,
have been the result of the cruizes of our frigates.—
One only has struck her flag, after a glorious action
with a superior force.
Our plivateers, in every quarter of the globe, and
particularly in the West Indies around Guadaloupe,
have been formidable to the enemy.
But it is far less for what it has done than for what
it will do, in time, that our marine ought to be re-
garded.
Ten ships of the line, built in the dock-yard of
Antwerp, and armed several months ago, await their
destination.
The flotilla of Boulogne maintained in full equip-
ment, is still ready to undertake the operations for
which it was originally formed. Twelve ships of the
line and as many frigates, have been launched within
the year. Twenty-rive vessels of other descriptions,
and twenty frigates on the stocks, attest the activity
of our dock-yards.
Our lrarbours are kept in full repair ; the forma-
tion of that at Cherbourg advances so rapidly, as to
promise that in less than two years it will contain
ships in its bason.
La Spezia will become a second Toulon. The'
junction of France with almost the whole shore of the
Mediterranean, ensures for our arsenals and for our
fleets, men, timber, and stores. Venice, Ancona, Na-
ples—all the resources of Holland and of Italy, are
in action.
- - -

against France all the malignant and envious pas-
sions. She wishes to crush or to destroy us. By
keeping the people of the Continent incessantly
under arms, by thus isolating the maritime powers,
she has bad the art to profit by the divisions which
she has fomented among her neighbours, in order only
to extend her conquests.
It is thus that she has multiplied her colonies and
increased her naval forces ; and it is by the assistance
of these forces that she at this moment hopes to enjoy
her usurpations, and to arrogate the exclusive posses-
sion of the seas.
But, until of late, she has at least rendered some
homage to the laws of nations. She seemed once to
respect the rights of her allies, and, even by approaches
to pacification, to allow a breathing time to her ene-

mies.
These chicaneries have ceased to contribute to the
carrying on of a system which she can no longer
maintain and no longer wishes to dissemble. Every
thing which does not contribute to her interest is her
enemy. The abandonment of her alliance is a eaus^
for war, neutrality is a revolt, and all the nations which
resist her yoke are subjected to her merciless ravages.
No one could foresee what might have been the
consequences of such audacity, if the fortune of our
country had not conferred upon us a superior man
destined to repel the evils with which England has
threatened the world.
He had always to combat the allies of this Power
upon the Continent, and to conquer the never-
ceasing foes, which she knows how to provoke. Al-
ways attacked, constantly threatened, he found it
necessary to regulate his policy upon this principle,
and felt, that in order formidably to enter the lists,
he must increase our forces, and weaken those of our

enemies.
The Emperor always pacific, but always armed
from necessity, did not desire (a'ambitionnoii par) the
aggrandisement of the Empire. Prudence alone di.
rected his views. He saw the necessity of freeing our
antient frontiers from all liability to sudden attacks,
and of founding their security upon limits fortified
by nature ; finally, he sought by alliances to separate
France in such a manner from her rivals, that even
the sight of an enemy's standard should never alarm
the people of his Empire.
England, although worsted in the broils which she
had so often renewed, yet profited by them to en-
crease her riches by the universal monopoly of
commerce.
She had impoverished her allies by the wars in
which they had bled for her interests a10ne...-aban-
doned at the moment when their arms ceased to be
of service to her, their fate became so much the
more indifferent to her, as she still preserved with
them commercial relations, even by continuing the
war with France.
France herself allowed the English to hope for our
subjugation from the necessities they thought us under
from the want of certain objects, and they thought
that our generous population would not submit to
the privation. They thought that, although no longer
able to shake the security of the empire by arms, they
could yet penetrate into it v. ith a commerce now be-1
come its most dangerous enemy, and the admission
of which would have exhausted its most valuable re-
sources.
• The genius and prudence of the Emperor did not
overlook this danger : although surrounded with the
difficulties of the continental war, he did not hesitate
to expel from his states the monopoly of the English
commerce—he has since been able to accomplish
measures for an effectual barrier.
We can no longer be deceived—since the English
have declared this new species of war, all the ports
of the Continent are blockaded; the ocean is inter-
dicted to every neutral vessel, which will aot pay to
the British Treasury a tribute, which they have pre-
sumed to impose on the whole population of the globe.
To this law of slavery the people have answered
by reprisals, and by vows to unite in the annihilation
of this tyranny.
The English nation is isolated from all other na-
dons : she will be fixed in this state. All her social
relations with the Continent are suspended : she is
visited with that excommunication which she herself
had provoked.
The war from this moment, consists in repelling
the English commerce from all quarters, and in cm.
ploying every possible method for continuing the
measure.
France has energetically concurred in the exclusion
of the monopoly of commerce; sF.2 is resigned to pri-
vations which long habits have rendered more distres-I
sing; some branches of agriculture and of industry
have suffered, and still continue to suffer but the
prosperity of the nation has not been affected.
We are familiarised with this temporary embar-
rassment, and we can even look forward to the con-
tinuance of it without fear.
The Allies of France and the United States
make similar sacrifices of their particular conveni-
ences, and with a resolution. equally generous.
England was on the verge of total exclusion from
the Continent, but she has profited by recent circum-
stances in order to diffuse over Spain .the „%renius
of evil, and to excite in that happy country all the fu-
rious passions—She has courted as allies even the hor-
rors of the Inquisition and the most barbarous pre-

judices.
Unhappy nation ! to whom bast thou confided thy
destinies ?—To the contemners of thy manners ! to
the enemy of thy religion ! to him who, violating his
promises, has erected a monument of his audacity
upon thy plains—an affront, the tolerance of
which for a Century and a half would give evidence
against your courage, if the weakness of your govern-
ment had not been alone culpable ! You ally your-
selves with the English who have so often wounded
your pride and your independence ; -who have so long
invaded the commerce of your colonies with open
violence even in the midst of peace-who, in order
to terrify you into neutrality, preceded their decrees,
by the pillage of your treasures, and the mas.
sacre of your seamen ; and who have convinced
Europe of their neglect of alliances, and of the fal-
lacy of their promises.! But you vill doubtless re-
turn from your, wandering ! Then will you mourn
the new perfidies that await you! But how much
blootlaitand tears will have flowed before the tardy re-
turn lb this wisdom
The English hitherto absent from great battles, now
try their fortune upon the Continent. They ungar
rison thrir own island, and leave Sicily almost de-
fenceless, in presence; of an anterprishsg and valorous

OF TIIE PRESENT WAR.
At the period of your last Session, Gentlemen,
every thing combined to deliver Europe from her
long agitations ; but the enemy of the world, Eng-
land still repeats the cry of perpetual war, and the
war continues. What is its object, and what will be
the issue ?
The object of this war is the subjugation of the
world by means of the exclusive occupation of the
seas. Without doubt, by subscribing to their sla-
very, disguised by the sacred name of Peace, the
people might obtain repose, but this disgraceful re-
pose would be death itself. If such be the alterna-
tive, the choice between submission' and resistance
is no longer doubtful.
The war which England has proviked, which she
continues with so much pride and obstinacy, is the
conclusion of tise ambitious system which she has
cherished for two centuries. Mixing in the politics
of the Continent, she has succeeded its keeping Europe
in continual agitation, and in maintaining alive

King, who commands a trench arm,
driveu them from the- strong islat
'What then will be the fruit of their
they hope to exclude the French from
tugal ? Can the event be doubtful—the
command his invincible legions in
presage doer the heroic army of Pork
which contending against do.uble' their
trophies of victory upon td:ro ground
under such disadvantage, at.d'ilaated
glorious retreat !
In preparing for a new struggl
enemy, the wisdom of the Emperor
was possible for the maintenance
Continent. He may depend upon
since Austria, the only power whit
disturb it, has given the strongest
dispositions, in recalling her Amb
don, and in breaking off all politic
England.
Austria, however, has recently
ments—no doubt without any hosti,
deuce, nevertheless, has dictated
of precaution. The armies of Germ,
are strengthened with the levies
tion. _ The troops of the confederate
are completed, well disciplined and
A hundred thousand men of the '
the Prussian StatesTO OCCUP'
BOU LOGNE, while Denmat I
reach of all English invasions,
troops, which coucentred and cc:an
end of January, the battalions sent
the Banks of the Elbe and the Rhi
Those who left Italy last year
former quarters.
Such, Gentlemen, is the situati4
respect to external relations. (Toe
BAYONNE, NOVEL
The Emperor set out to-day
His Majesty will, it is said, sit
rive early to-morrow with his auk
toria. His Majesty was not able
iecog. At Marac the Bayonese
manifest the joy which they exp
the happy arrival of their august
Last night the town was
nated, an immense concourse
streets and public places, and
Napoleon resounded from all
there has been a very brilliant
near Logrona. The Insurgenl
pletely beaten. On the other
army commanded by Marshal
26th of last month an engageme,
the Spaniards were defeated :
several pieces of cannon, any
yesterday arrived at Bayom
confined in the citadel. The
are in a most deplorable cone
mere shreds, and they are
disposition is making for vi
rations, and the arrival of Hi:
doubt, give birth to great
corps will be the first attacked,
that every means have been •
retreat. The siege of Sarag4
few days, and be vigorously
report to day at Bayonne,
6,000 men, in an engagement
General Verdier, but this report
The army of Spain will,
eight grand dirisions, and comm:
shah Ney, Bessicres, Soult,
and by the Generals St. Cyr
They also talk of an army
yet known by whom it wi.
Imperial troops, infantry and
Bayonne, all set out at brew
preceding his Majesty.
The head quarters of the I
removed from Irun to Tolosa.
Romana has been convict(
are masters of Bilboa. St
our possession. It is said,
will form a corps of reserve
and that his corps will be
Lanner. Marshal Ney has
the sixth, which he alreatl
to which will be joined a
which he has commanded
There have passed throt.
ments of dragoons, chassee,
cavalry are numerous and
NOVEMBER 5.—According
has this instant been received,
niards -Bilboa has been
the Duke Of Dantzic has'
whom are two Aids-du-Cam)
great number of carriages
the King of Spain have arrived
their way to Naples
The dispositions %chic'.
Spaniards from the Bank.
attended with the most
point. General Castanos,
advanced guard, quitted
this movement the Marqt.
able to receive succours from
army. He has had reason '
with which he advanced.
no sooner perceived this
itself so guilty by the most
most impatiently waited .
victory was quickly decided
to effect his retreat but ie
his position will no lonL
Ander, which will be
carried. The Spanish
made prisoners, testify .
the immense force which
they were so far decei'
troops could not quit
confusion in that country
there exists in Spain the
both between the different
their generals, and between
It is evident, that the
seriously alarmed at '
multitude ever ready
PARK

On the sth instant,
King, transferred his
Argus announces that .
the signal for a general c _
tended by a victory complete

my, and who he
and of Capri.
leir efforts ?
am Spain and p. Ito
—the Emperor . 1
in person I
:lortu
ldnumrethihweal
uhhc
againsterPord etre: tt
144emteicostrualrftel.. -6:espeon:ll'
of peace upon ,
, this, without don, 01
Oich could in f.
est assurance of ..
ibassador from
.ic al iutercouroai, the
y increased her ~ Li
rostile designs. p 4
d energetic rnetito •. Tp
:;ermany altdahir '
of the new coon. •
leration of the
and organized.
the Grand Army
PYTHE CAMP
tk, now beyond
6 is evacuated by .
cards:ed. Before .
ent off for &pain f , , a
thine will be ntlola
Lar will return to ..
• It
:nation of Frame
o betencludrd
EMBER 4.
ay at noon for .- I
sleep at Irun, and
august brother at
ale to keep himself to
use were most eage.
experienced at learti t
List Sovereign.
spontaneously Ma
of people filled all .
I the cry of Lost e 1
, parts. We lean
t affair for our eta
gesidntes,
a divisionhaveberi
r.
al Moncey, had of
merit at Lerin, in
in this affair we
Lnd 600 prisoners,
tne. The officers
case miserable Spani
tdition, their doubt
without shoes. E
vigorous offensive .
is Majesty, will, wi
.t events. Rom
ed, we are even
taken for cutting
ossa will cornmena
carried on. That
that Blake has ka
nent which he 114
✓eport appears . -.""
it is said, be &nisi'
commanded bye&
MOrtier, Victor,
r and the Duc
y of reset ye, but it
mill be cQnsmandel.
Ind cavalry, which • •
neat; of day this ma
ie Imperial army has
lose. It-is confirmed
:tely beaten, and
it. Ander will soon
f, that the imperial
ve under Marshal :
commanded by
is resumed the c.
ady had in Genial',
a division of 10,000.
since his arrival is ,
.ough this place mg
;sours, and hussms
d well mounted.
'ding to intelligence
eived, the defeat of tit
.n most complete.
made 4000 prisoner'
;amp of General B"
es and servants be
arrived here this ..'""
shk woas omeffr etpe
olrel
entt
e thea dEs
iteb:
featc e
ssto la
st te
ed his position at
arquis Romana was
; from the Princl
ason to repent of
ed. The Free
bad
• corps, which
igee permit him
se immediately as '
t!..naceiidodnsedtththseigrßaoalroedinae'rersuregf:jortdisorewal'::...
sh officers, who 1.1'!
the
greatest as
cicheGermiv'svedasanisbr:F3ag:bdtelatt:i'
:try ; many oftheinei
he greatest subjects
event corps of their
etween the differeg_,,t
e people of Pr°P,'.';',
the pretensions of
to commit the .
head waters to
eral engarDent'_,„.. TOO
NOVEMBERI44
peid
complete
rt
