RSPIE W.

~... .

We yefterday laid before our Readers the order in
which upwards of fourteen thoufand of the Volun-
teers, call of Temple Bar, were, that morning, re•
viewed before his Maierrr, the QIJEEN, and Royal
Family, in Hyde Park. The following circumllances,
conneCted with this fplendid fcene, we had neither
room nor time to Rate fooner :
The Park gates had been kept flint all night ; a
very neceirary precaution, as otherwife the ground
would have been filled before day light. At (even
o'clock in the morning, a large party of the Guards
arrived, and were Rationed at the feveral gates. The
Bow-ftreet officers and patrole attended alio, to pre-
vent depredation, and affill in keeping order. Parties
alto of the Life Guards were Rationed outride in Park-
lane. Piccadilly, the Bayfwater road, and all the
other immediate and principal avenues. Between
(even and eight, the fpeaators began to ramble in
large numbers. Many attempted to (tale the walls
and the rails. but were prevented by the guards. An
immenfe number of carriages had alto arrived at that
early hour, filled with Ladies, elegantly dreffed.—
No carriage, however, was admitted nearer than 50
yards of the gate ; and the gases being film. the La-
dies were obliged to alight, and take their Ration
among the populace. This was a moil judicious ar-
rangement, as it prevented the difcontent which a
preference would have produced, and an ample (pace
was made for eafy admiffion when the moment fhould
arrive. At eight o'clock the gates were opened, and
the corps began to arrive; on their entrance they
were received by their proper officer, who conduaed
them to their Ration in the lime. The fpeEtators were
then silo admitted to occupy the (pace in the Park
allotted for them.

The molt confpicnons honfes we noticed, whore
windows and the roofs were crowded, commanding
a view of the Park, were the following, viz. the
honks of Sir WILLIAM MANN Eas, Lady Esssz
Colonel CAMPBELL, Mr. GARDNER, Mrs. MOSS, Mrs.
FORD, and Mr. PALM sa's, in Oxford-flreet, the back
of Lord CHOLMONEIRLEY'S, in Piccadilly, Lord &s-
-ilicas"-, Earl of DYSART, MefFrs. COCKERELS. and
CRAUEURD, Sir JOHN SMITH BURGESS, and Mr.
DRUMMOND, Lord DUDLEY and WARD, Earl of
SCARBOROUGH, Earl of BREDALEANE, Earl of ROSE.
may, Marquis of Wactssr.sy, Sir Joint F. Lai-
CaSTER, the Countefs of BATH, and the Mifs Amiss,
were all crowded with perfons of the firft diftinetion
and fafhion.

Some idea may be formed of the degree of public
curiofity, from the Rate of the houfes on Bayfwater
road. The houfes along it were laid ont for the ac-
commodation of flrangers, fome at the rate of three
guineas a window, and half a guinea a head ; fome
more and fome lets, according to the quality of the
houfe and its fituation.

An irregular line was alto formed ontfide along
the Park wall, and between it and the road, confining
of carts, caravans, and temporary fcafolding, for
the accommodation of the inferior claffes—thefe let
from one fhilling up to three !billings a head.
At nine o'clock, the Duke of Yotta, in his Regi-
mentals as Commander in Chief, entered the Park at
Cumberlandgate, and proceeded to the ground.—
About a quarter after nine, the Duke of CLARENCE,
in the uniform of the Teddington Corps, and the
Duke of CAMBRIDGE, in his regimentals, entered by
the Piccadilly Gate. The Duke of Cu taatiaLAND en-
tered at the fame gate, and proceeded dire& for K-n.
Gngton, where he met their Maissrits. Their Ma-
Jamas, the Paracsssas, and fuite, left Kew about a
quarter after nine o'clock, and reached Kenfington a
quarter before ten, at the very moment when the
Duke of CIYMBISIt LAND arrived. His MAJESTY Came
in his travelling carriage alone to Kenfington, where
he mounted his charger. The qy FEN and PRINCESSES
at the fame time left their travelling carriages and
entered a fociable. The royal cavalcade then entered
the Park about five minutes before ten o'clock, in the
following order :
A party of Life Guards, twelve of the Royal Do.
meflics, in full livery, with led bodes, beautifully Ca-
parifoned.
His MAJESTY, with the Duke of CAIEBRIDOR on
bit

right, and the Duke of Cuss on his left.
A large party of the General Officers, in their full
amounting to nearly in number, mount-
upon the finell chargers in the world.
The %sass and the Patties's': in their fociable
'ith their attendants in a coach and four.

uniform,

Her MAJESTY was dreffed in a peliffe, with a black
bonnet, and black veil. The Patacassas wore pur-
ple velvet bonnets, and veils.
The concourfe of people at the fpot where the
royal cavalcade entered, was aßonifhingly great. Not
only was the ground crowded, but the trees alto were
filled to the extremities of the branches with fpeita•
tors to an excels, that every moment threatened de.
RruCtion to themfelves, as well as to thole below.—At
the moment the Royal Family entered, the faience
and eager expatation of the crowd was changed
into a tumult of joy.—The troops prefented arms.
The bands (truck up " GOD fare the Krim," and the
moll enthufiallic !Louts and exclamations of loyalty
burg forth from every quarter. The royal party
proceeded along the carriage road, which was lined
by the Guards, Surry Yeomanry, and other corps ;
and as they paired were greeted with the fame ex-
preffions of loyalty and attachment. The crowd
made a violent effort to follow them, but owing to
the excellent regulations which bad been made to
preferve order, they were prevented.
At linightfbridge Barracks his MAJESTY and his
Royal Retinue were received by a guard of honour,
compoled of two troops of the 18th Dragorns, and
proceeded through an avenue cut on purpofe into
the private road next the Serpentine. At that
moment his MAJESTY'S arrival was announced, and
as he flanked the Serpentine River a difcbarge of
guns was heard from the artillery Rationed on the
right line. He then paled the Magazine, and took
the lhorteß way to the right of the line, the whole
of the corps carrying arms, and the refpedive bands
playing " Coo fave the KING." The Review now
commenced, in the order mentioned in yeaerday's
STAR. His MAJESTY palled along the Hoc., the
mulic playing the mat admired martial pieces. fol.
lowed by an immenfe number of ladies and military
charalters.

vpwAres of a hundred thourand fp:.2ators were
in a moment waving their hats in the air, and three
difline cheers were given, the various bands play-
ing, " Goa fays the Klsc," durinig the wholt

time. his Mayssrv, at this moment, appeased
uncommonly delighted, remained uncovered dur-
ing the time, while the (lime and Bulletins
role from their feats in the open carriage, and flood
upright, (citifying by the moll confpicuous con-
defeenlion, their fenfe of this triumph of affeeion
and loyalty. This done, the whole line wheeled by
divifions backward on their left, and paired before his
Majelly in review, the Officers of each corps fainting
as they pelf:di with the colours dropped, and the
mnfic playing. The corps then formed into fob-
divifions, wheeled to the right, and paired out at the
moll convenient gate on their route to their refpec-
tive quarters.
A General Officer attending his MAJESTY required
a written account from the Commanding Officer of
every Volunteer Corps, of the number of men he
brought into the field, which having obtained, he
put it into a green bag, brought for the purpofe. On
calling up the total, we underitand, the whole of the
Volunteers were found to amount to 14,c00 men.
_ _

His Materry did not infpeft the rear of the line
as was expected; but proceeded, as fosa as be had
paired the front, to the flandard fixeakt a central
place for them to pars him.
The Surrey Yeomanry, Wefiminfter Cavalry and
a party of the Horfe Guards, kept the ground, be.
tides a Regiment of Foot Guards, who lined the in-
ner part of the ground ; but fuel) was the obflinacy
of fome perfons, that it required all their vigilance
to keep order.
The whole of the review ended about one o'clock,
and a more refplendent and triumphant exhibition of
patriotic zeal and a ffeCt ion was never before exhibited,
or one in which his MAJESTY appeared to take to
great an intereit, expreffing every moment his delight
and fatisfaainn to the Generals around him. The
morning of the day was extremely foggy, and for a
time threw a veil over the beauties of the fcene ; but
as the mill difperfed, the effect was heightened, and
difplayed to the eye an extended line of military pha-
lanx, not to be equalled in the univcrfe. The Splendid
array appared like the fun emerging from a cloud.—
A million of people were difensercd hemming in as it
were, ill, :r Monarch st ;thin their hearts and bell affec-
tions, and thoufands of (pears glittered along the line,
Budding this fublime picture with gleams of radiance.
The order of the Review reflects great credit upon
the Commander in Chief ; fo effectually was the line
kept, and the picquets fo admirably difpofed, that
till after the line had wheeled into column, fcarcely
a perfon efcaped into the area, but thofe who were
authorized by the general orders. Many, however,
were the firatagems of the populace to defeat the vi-
gilance of the Guards, by (leafing into the feveral
plantations, which were apparently left open and
unguarded, Out to their difappointment and alto.
nifhment, having perforated the inclofere, they were
(topped by detachments placed on the oppofite fide,
and were compelled to retreat the way they came, to
the no (mall chagrin of themfelves, and the diverfion
of the multitude. Others, too, who had climbed
into the trees, as if the branches were afhamed of bail
fruit. parted from the parent trunk, and tumbled
them headlong to the earth. Many were confidera.
bly bruited in this way, and feveral fractures were
carried off to the hofpital.
The (cane at the entrance into the Park from the
Piccadilly gate, though not commanding fo extenfive
a view of the corps, as the other gates, was no lefs
interelling, from the immenfe multitude collected, in
hopes of feeing his MAJESTY enter the Park that way.
Their hopes were increafed by the entry of the Dv as
of Yoaa, accompanied by the Duca of CAMBRIDGE,
and followed by the brigade Generals, full a quarter
of an hour before his Majerry arrived ; but when
it was underftood that his MAJESTY had entered at
Kenfington, and his arrival was announced by a gun,
nothing could exceed the confufion and difappoint-
ment vifible among the crowd, who tied in all direc-
tions. and it required the utmoft perfeverance and
activity of the Guards to retrain them from breaking
the line, and proceeding towards the Serpentine,
where his MAJESTY was feen advancing. In a (holt
time, however, they grew reconciled, and wandered
away to find more appropriate fituations.
When his Majerry quitted the ground, he return-
ed through Piccadilly Gate into the Green Park, and
alighted at the Queen's Houfe, followed by her Ma-
Jerry, the Prince es, and the Royal Dukes. As be
pallid along, one general exclamation of " GOD
Save the King" was echoed from the patriotic ave-
nue he paired through.
Wben the feveral corps came to march before his
MAJESTY, after they had gone through their differ-
ent maneeuvres of firing from right to left, on the
fire grenadiers prefenting arms, the horfes in the
Q2alit'sfociable began to menden very firong fymp.
toms of dread, and became father unruly. The
Qztasa and Princeffes rose up in evident apprehen-
lion, and his MAJESTY Teemed very much agitated,
but in a moment, with great coolnefs, called to the
attendants to takeoff the horfes, which was done im-
mediately, and every idea of danger was inliantly
diffipated.

Elri Bar, the Mameluke Chief, was in the ring,
in Hyde Park, during the Review, and his was the
only carnage admitted there, except thole of the
Royal Family. His coachmen and footmen were
clad in fcarlet, as were the feveral officers who were
in the carriage with him. His own drefs was very
magnificent, and he might be Paid to make at once
a fplendid and a flaming appearance.
The French Princes, Moasisua (ci-devant Count
d'Artois), the Prince of Conn', the Duke de BURT,
the Counts de Mos rrEsstra and Basuystois, were
in the ring in Hyde Park during the review, and his
MAJIIITT, with his &nal affability and pnliteners,
converted with them feveral times for tome minutes.
Monlieur was dreffed in a French General's uniform,
white faced with red and a white cnckade—the Prince
de Con&l's dyers was light blue, as was the Duke de
Berry's ; All of them wore liars, and they teemed to
enjoy the coup d'ceil, with a mixture of pleafure,
allonifbment, and admiration.

Two of the lovely ai.d accompliflied daughters r.f
the Earl of UXBRIDGE, played the parts of Pedef-
'liana at the Review ; and, in company with their
noble Father, the Earl of ChiSTIRTIOLD, the
Royal Dukes, and the French Princes, alternately
formed a lively and interefling restverfdsinui around
the fociable of her Ma a sr v . Generals Pu woo, :a a
and Picarcau were within the ring. but kept very
much in the back gronnd. The Right Hnn. Co.
lone' Ts and blr. SHERIDAN were alto in the
tins. andcontistuedtnzetherduring the who!e Review,

Nothing could equal the order and regularity with
which the whole of this truly patriotic and magnifi.
cent fpeetacle was attended. In the courfe of the
whole review we did not witnefs amidll fo numerous
an alfemb!age, confilling.of every clafs and defcrip-
tion of perfons, a fingle individual in a Rate of in-
toxication ; and as to diforderly behaviour, the fol-
lowing are the only inaanees of which we have heard :
An Officer of the Guards, in endeavouring to pre-
vent a man on foot from going into the ring near
Grofvenor.gate, received from him two violent
blows, which gave him fo many black eyes; he kept,
however, hold of his man till an efcort came and
took him away.

On Come mifunderfianding taking place between
one of the Horfe-guards and a Volunteer, the latter
pricked the former with his bayonet, though not fo
deeply as to be dangerous. The offender was taken
away under a military elcort.
Another perfon, Paid to belong to a Volunteer
Corps, perfiaing in going into the ring, was, after
repeated remonftances, cut down the (boulders br
one of the Wellminfter Volunteer Cavalry, wbofe
duty it was to prevent any thing of the kind, and the
offender was taken away bleeding very freely in con.
fequence of his rafhnefs and obtlinacy..
An Officer of one of the Corps, raid to be the
Bread-flreet Ward, by an unlucky fall, had the mil=
fortune to diflocate his (boulder. lie was taken to
the (entry box on the bank where the Guards gene-
rally fire at the target, adjoining the Bayfwater wall,
where the furgcon of the corps put it again into its
place, and the Gentlemamretired from the field.
Kenfington•Gardens were crowded with female
groups of beauty and fa(hion. The Foot-guards
were there on duty to present any one from going
over the wall either into or out of the gardens—the
utmolt regularity prevailed—the whole exhibited a
Icene of cheerfulnefs and hilarity, which was not a
little heightened by the playful gambols and inno.
cent merriment of a great number of boys from the
preparatory fchools about Bayfwater, Kenfington
Gravel Pits, &c. who gave a lively and interetting
promife of future foldicrs.

Yefierday, about one o'clock, his MAJESTY, ac-
companied by their Royal Highnelfes the Dukes of
YORK, CLARENCE, CUMBERLAND, and CAMBRIDGE,
the Earl OrCHESTERFIELD, and a number of other
General Officers, arrived on horfeback at St. James's
Palace from the Review in Hyde Park. Her Ma-
issiv and the Princeffes, attended by the Countefs
of CARDIGAN, went to Buckingham Houfe from the
Review, where they remained a (hors time, and then
came to St. James's Palace, and proceeded to the
apartments of the Doke of CAMBRIDGE, where his
Royal Highnefs had provided a fumptuous breakfaß.
His MAJESTY, after dreffing and taking tome re-
freihment, held a Levee at two o'clock, which was
attended by their Royal Highneffes the Dukes of
C AAAAA CE,CUMBRILAND, and CAMBRIDGE, the Chan..
cellor of the Exchequer, the Secretaries of State, the
Secretary at War, the Lord Chief Jullice of the
Court of King's Bench, the Attorney General,
and the

Duke of Beaufort.
Marqtdiree—Abereorn and Qrcdlo.
Earls—Luean,Dunmore.Pdcdra.Chefterteldbliarrington,Pern.
broke, St. Vincent, and BefborogAlL
yikoant C!fUct:esigb.

Lords--.Selfea, HO-bart. St. Ham's, Arden. Elienborough, 801.
too, Mufgrave,Hawkellory. and Reap.
Anabaffadors—American, Spanlth Confab Sweillfb, Raba.
Neapolitan, Prafilan, Ponaguefe, and Dania Cbargf d'Affalres.
Sirs—T. Metcalf. W. Kdr. T. MufsioTe. O. Morg..., W. Ab•
dy, and W. Stirling.
Generals—Rdacpberfon, Hunan!, Hay,Rdsnonfon, Flack, NM-
gilt Gordon, Stewart, Moore, and Sinclair.
Colooeb—Ralny. Drinkwater, Bay, Hurnm, Andaton, Bllgbi
O'Naucklin Myer Rick), Reader, and Lan/fold.
Captains—Ma:ray, Chambers, Whiney. Oakum, Wart, and
Baldwin.

Rev. Dr. Langford.
Melheurs—Rowcroft. Smith, Curtis, Comte, Boyden, Yorks,
Addington, Johufon, King, Manning, Rev. Hutchins, Hunter.
AI!My, Van Battenburgh, Fawkener, &me, Cox. M.P. Andrews,
Price, Stinefter, Rev. Talbot, and T. Sheridan.

Among the prefentitions were—
Mr. TROMASSIIIIRIDAN,OII his appointment by his Re
neh the Prince of Wales to a Cornett, in his Royal 'a
,own R.eplatentl likewife on his appointment u ace at the Aide-
do-amp to the Earl of Moira, by the noble Earl, who Ilkewide
prefented his other Aid-thi.camp.
Lard Rear, on his appolawnebt 16 the command of the Loyal
North Briton Volunteer Corp.. by Lard Belton.
Captain Coat/ans. of the Teddlegten Vey by the
Dabs of Clarence.

I Thaaiiof—iiotaa.an his appointatant to sha able( command
in Scotland, by the Lord in Waft.
Captain Deveito, by General Stsart,oo his gm/dorm:at to be
that General's Aid-du-camp.
Sir W. 1.1.7 an STIRLING. on Ma appointment to be Lieutenant.
Colonel In the Prince of Wake's, or St. Martin's Volunteer Corps,
by the Commandant et the Corp., Miles Peter Andrews, Efg.
(intend 14.Parason, by the American Azobalbalor.
The Duke of BAAVIADT (late Marquis of Wareefterl on hia
coming to the title, by bla brothar.in.law, the let. Mr.
Captain L an his promotion from Captain to be Co.
load in the 3ift Regiment of Foot, by his father, the Ker. Dr.
Lanford
11.stfign BALDWIN, in the Coldftseam Regimpt of Guards, by
thP Lord in Waking;
General MOORt, by ditto; . .

(herbal BtncLaia,'oo his invaipotios, by ditto:
SS W►t. Aaor, by Lord Arden;
Ovals Gascor a, sod Liaotoomitt WTTUT, dam Putney
Loyal Volunteer', by tbdr Consamdmiat,tbe Pail of Bdborovgb
The 11111/ ilecordar of Loggias, Mr. STLVESTIII, by the Lord

hotrnri

. .
Lieutenam.C.okwei Resort on bh being agpainsad to the com-
mand of the St. Andrew's Vol:steers, by the Attorney General:
Mr. BIAOOI4 late OfWersor at Eireililbo and Pancramby tie
Loed in Waiting.

The Levee dared about three o'clock, when his
Grace the Duke of Beau Forty was admitted to a
clofet audience, when he delivered the blue ribband,
worn by she late Duke his father.
His Mai ssry then held a I't ivy Council, at whic4
Mr. Secretary Votes prefided, in the room of the
Duke of PORTLAND' ab(ent from indifpofition,
His Grace the Duke of Beauvoir was introduced
and fworn in a Member of his MAJBATT'S moll Ho.
nourable Privy Council; his Grace was likewife (worn
in Lord Lieutenant of the counties of Monmouth mil
Bretknock, in the room of his late father.

After the Council, his Mai errs, gave private an-
thence to Mr. Anniworoa, Lord HAWKIISUIT,
Lord Holmes-, Earl Sr. VINCENT, Earl MOIRA, Mr.
SI•GOT, and Sir CIIIISLIS Moacas.
Mr. ADDINGTON and Earl Sr. Metier had Teri
lon/ audiences
Earl Mota• took leave of his HAJIITT, previous
to his dentture for Scotland.
Her Maissrr and the PSINCISSRS left the Palace
for Kew (cop after three o'clock. His Mal ['TIC did
not leave the Palace till near 4x.

1

me
thi
me

PO
idi
2 C

fervi
bow

di-
,pi
dm

ult.
1171.

1 kis
* ;

11 bi

Wei
xigb ;
404

COM.
24Tal g
gi tbs

3 his
to a
,and.

PRENCII 4NArr.

DISPLAYID, IN •UTHEPTIC DOCUMINTS,

whic4
)f the

Weil
k Ho-
*ors
h and

to 2U.

evar,
I, Mr.

d my

ev ious

PALICE
T V did

OPPRESSION, CRUELTY, MAUI), AND PECULATION,

WRITTEN IN ST.DOMINGO BY AN ITL-WITNESS, AND INTENDED

VO IL TRANSMITTID TO VRANCE,VOR Tll INPOIMATION OF

TM& AUTUOII.IIIII/LCANTILt IRIINDi AND CORIAISPONDINTS.

(Continual from the STAR of Tuefday.)
What tends to prolong the diforder of this country
and will prevent the return of peace, no doubt, for a
long time to co-me, is the getter.il uncertainty which
prevails in regard to the future.
The white merchants dare no longer embark in
arty commercial fpecplation ; (ince there is no more
cultivation, there is no longer any commerce, con-
itquently no longer a colony ; and there is no longer
4teed of merchants.

The white proprietors wait in hopes of returning
to their plantations, and are mortified to fee their
hopes their
~ They cannot flatter themfelves
with the esiperftation of repairing their fortunes: they
dread the entitiy : they dread alto their defenders,
becaure they are in,fear offered contribuiioru,arlierary
cepijltionr, and arbitrary demand: even from the infe•
rior authorities, app .:fee of toffy kind from the mai.
taty powers in a wr?rd, of beins plundered. Their
:Niter), is at its Curnmit ; .their wants are extreme ;
apa their patience Cs .exhattiled : they knew not what
wits become of them: theyaccuneary and tormented.

The men of colour, proprietors and tradefmen, do
east know what fate is refereed foe .them they are
alarmed. and in the utmoll conflernation : they fay
we do not with to efponfe the caufe of the Brigands,"
put what 'tan we do ? If we join them, we are confi-
aired as traitors and criminals : if we remain with
the whites, we are treated as enemies ; and among
the Europeans, we are futheeted and defpifed : we
are opprelfedind maltreated : we are drowned, with-
oat tnerey and without any trial. What can we do ?
What will becthne of as
The blacks are equally wretched, they fay " we
are without the poielliat of the law." They know not
What will be their fate; whether France will adhere
to its prosnife given in feveral laws, and in the pro-
olantation of the ConfUls of December rsth, 1799 ;
whether they are to be free & flares ; fubjelt to jun
or to barbarous laws ; whether they are to belong to
their old plantations as attached to the foil, or wire-
ther a refolutioa has been formed to exterminate them
entirely, as has been imprudently declared ? Did
they know their delliny, a great part of them would
return and fabmit ; thole who remain enemies would
then be known, whereas at prefent a:1 of them, even
the moll faithful, favour in their hearts the revolt,
becaufe tut y are is fear for the fafety of their per-
fon*. They ought to know who are defiined for
debut:lion, and whether there are any intended to be
;fault
if tbeet are fame who would prefer death to
flavery, there am perhaps force alfo who would pre-
fer slavery to extermination.
Is a word let every sme know what he has to de.
pond on.
The miferies they dread, are snore terrible than
*e* which they experience, and the misfortune of
Ibis reentry is, that every body is under the dagger
df mmertainty.
A report is *rend bore, and k is confidently al:
(mud, that Toossatnr, 8411ITSOMAX. Lavawaßi:
taws and companions. &c. have been tried and eon.
donned. (It is Oren faid that they had no twed of
any trial.) And that they are to be fent to St. Do.
Usingei to be executed. it is reported that they were
brought _tn. Port au Prince in the Diligence, which
arrived in the Middle df March.

A place has been styled to each, T017316111T is
to be eserAted at the rape. Sauvuopaz at Port au
LAIIPAUZ at Port an Pais, ItiGIAVD at Aux
Cayes, ire.*
Some kap* parrots (peak of certain minifters of
former times, Ste.
The find ditertaticau either io favour of or assault
liberty, would prove nothing ; and would only give
an imperial idea of the fituation of this coantry, and
of public opinion on this fubjetl.
Fads and tramples are more infirottive than the
fine!! declamation.

In the fira place, all the Whites here, old inhabi.
tants, proprietors, merchants, tradeftnen Etc. all, al-
moll without exception, with for, and (peak of no-
thing bus flavery, through interea, and from a re-
membrance of the paR. The tradition, who com•
pore the tea of the population, entertain the fame
ideas.becante they are gratified by teeing below them
1 clefs of men vrhnos they can domineer over, and
treat with contempt.
The military in general thew an equal indifference
2n regard to Dewy and liberty. The foldiers with
only to be paid, and to live. The officers are flat-
•trsd with the hopes of teeing the war continued, of
having their emoluments doubled, and of ruling
with univerfal Tway. People therefore mull render
theinfelves ufefel to them, and contribute towards
the tatification of all their paffions. The :astral
,a f 4. Imo is ts ronetetrate the erholepaiver am I weigh
theserntry Mikis .wee lanai 'feasts hinge kith sty their
*ed. _ _

The Blacks, is the towns, employed in donsellie
&Tyke, or as tradefmen, übferve (juice, but in the
bottom of their beans they few= the revolt.
• Teisibiat. as oar Ranieri wee ►now, was got tid it le I
ame Numuiry miaow. T.

In regard to the armed Blacks who ate in the
field, that is to fay, the Brigands, it may eafily be
conceived what their fentiments are in regard to
berty and (Livery. But their ideas will be better il-
luniated by fads and examples:
A detachment which lately went out on a forag-
ing expedition, arrelled a negro Brigand, and con-
cluded him to the Cape, tied to the tail of a horfe.
In the courfe of their march fame of the detachment
entered into converfation with him. The fubjed
of which was as follows :

WHITE Maw. Why art thou a Brigand ?
BLACK. Ah ! Mouche (fir), what would you have
me to do am compelled to it.
W. But what do you want? What do the reit mean?
B. 1 do not know..-(This is an expreflion employ-
ed by the country negroes when they are unwilling to
tell what they think.)
\V. You are a negro—Was you not born to labour?
B. Yes, Sir.
W. Did you not labour formerly ?
B. Yes, Sir.
W. Why then not labour at precut ?
B. If we were in the fame (late as formerly ; but
that is not poffible.
W. But what do you want?—What is it you with for?
B. We will, Sir. that you would give us that li-
berty which the nation and r. .N•PARTI promifed us.
We require that you would not fell us as animals,
that you will not treat us with cruelty, that you will
give us our fourth as promifed, we will then labour
_ _

. _
—but if our demands are refuted, we will prefer death

to exiftence.

It was Dr. Atersr, Firfl Phyfician to the Army,
who related this circumflance to me, and who had it
from a perfon who was prefent. He added, that this
Black was a defenctlefs man, tied to the tail of a
horfe, who espeEled nothing but death, who, to fare
his life, might have diffembled his fentiments, or laid,
" It was not my fault, I was forced by the Brigands,
to join them. You are right, Sir, I with for sfothing
fo muck as to return to my labour." But he exyleaed
death; be concealed nothing, and boldly hole the truth.

M. Tamar, the ArchiteEl for Government, a man
who Teems to elpoufe no party, and who regularly
pays his workmen, told me yeflerday (April 7) the
following circumllance :—A detachment of dm-
goons made an eeenrfion beyond the limits of
the camp, towards the heights of the Cape, and being
in the plain, fell in with a body of Brigands : on ap-
proaching them, the Brigands fainted the white men,
and addreffed them to the following purport :
B. Where are you going ?
W. We are going to forage—and you ?
B. We are taking an mullion for pleafure—will
you purchafe a horfe ?

. .
W. No—we h..ve no oecafion for horfes—we have
plenty.: a great number are brought to us every day
from New England and from' France ; and we !hall
foon have a great many more, as we taped cone•
doable reinforcements.
B. So much the better—if more forces arrive we
!hall enjoy crienquillity—fo much the better if they
come for the good caofe—for liberty—if not, rather
than lore our liberty, we will be contented to wear
for ever no other drel than a banana leaf to cover
oar nudity. -
TARDY affured me, that this fad was related to him
' the fame day by one of the dragoons of the detach-
ment.

Not long ago a deputation was fent from the camp
of the Brigands, in the plain, to the French camp, at
the Cape, the objesl of which was to demand,
that as their Chief, named Carol T, had in his
hand a Randard, infcribed with the words " Li-
berty or Death," they wiffied to know why
they bad been a&ed the reafon of their being
in arms ? The deputation then Rated, that they
required the maintenance of their liberty, and the
fourth of the value of their labour, which they had
formerly eninyed under Toussatar t adding, that if
this were granted, they would labour for the pm.
prietors.
Here we have an explicit declaration of the fenti.
menu of the Blacks, but it produces very little ate
on the minds of thole who rule in this country, where
el are fa ouch ambled to &Vein :notedly adopted, and
where the cry of the generals and proprietors is to
ill awn all to tbe lafi wan. It is in this manner that
they pretend to rellore peace in the colony. The
Englilb, were they commiffioned on the part of France
to undertake this bufinsfs,could not doworfel when all
the nrgroes are dearoyed, if tbis b Mille, as no hands
will then remain to cultivate the foil, the colony will
no longer exill. I with to Goo that this fyftem may
be changed, or that in confequence of the difficulties
to be furmounted, it may not cal the lives of fn
many brave !oldie?' ufeful to France ! At this price,
and the money which mull be expended, the colony
is not worth the trouble.

I am well aware that it may be replied to thnfe
who remark that 414,11 there are a* lover heat to nhi•
oak tberf guilt k no colony, that the colony may be re-
peopled by purchafing naves on the cosh of Africa.
But this is caller Paid than done. During the wog!
Rourifhing Rate of St. Domingo (in 17118) when the
annual revenue of the colony was i R 7 millions (shove
71 millions Ruling) no more than ao.ooo negroes
were imported. and this is the greattft aumber ever
imported in the courfe of one year.
Negroes were formerly obtained, becaufe the pro-
prietors bad large incomes ; but at relent, fine

their ir.coroes are ruhierJ. they have no money to
purchafe haves. I man, however, fuppofe what is
impoffible, and that ao,ooo Negroes are purchafed
per annum; but•as a third of thefe will die, 14,000
only will remain, and half a century will be required
before the Colony can acquire a population equal to
that of 17P8. I do not take into account, in this cal-
culation, the deficit of ten per cent. which takes place,
even in regard to feafoned Negroes.
Though I cannot remove every difficulty, I mtlll
here ohferve, that as the Englifh have got poffoffion
of Trinidad, which they intend to people, betides
large poffedions in Dwelt Guyana; as the Spaniards
have extended their cultivation in the Bland of Cuba,
and in Portorico ; and as the Englifit arc in poffillion
of moll of the fettlements oh the coall ..f Africa,
where we have only two, it will be cafy for them to
procure a fupply of Negroes, while we, fo far from
obtaining 20,000, will not, perhaps, be able to pro-
cure the half of that number. By theft: means the
re-peopling of the Colony will require 90 years and
more. I have faid nothing of the ware labia may gal:
place in the courfe of that time, and derange all our
fpecularions.
To conclude, the greateft difficulty for us will al
ways be the want of foods or produce, to enable us
to make purchafes.
APR I L 12, 1803.11 has this day been announced,
and is confirmed, that there has been an anion at Petit
Goave, with the men of colour and negroes, who are
now in arms in the fouthern part. The General had,
at firfl, tent thither a weak detachment, which fuf
tained a confiderable lots: he then difpatched thither,
it is laid, boo picked men of his guard of honour,—
There troops, notwithflanding their well-known
bravery, were repulfed, with the Ids of .too men ;
but if we fuppofe the lofs to have been only one half,
it is a great deal : they loft alfo their Commandant
DSTERWOLD, a man of didingtahed bravery ; betides
‘feveral Officers. This is very unfortunate, for fuels
men cannot be eafily replaced.—(To k cave owel.)

NAUTICAL INTELLIGENCE.

MAILS THIS DAY.—Wind N. N. L

AU. DUE. ARIL nog.
Dublin o 1 I Hamburgh o 4
Waterford z 2
TMs morning arrived a Mail from the Leeward Mande, brought
to Falmouth by the Marlborough packet, in 35 days.

PORTSMOUTH, OCT. 26.—This day arrived and
cams into harbour a Portuguefe fchooner, detained
an .1 fent in by his Majefly's (hip DECADE, of 36 guns,
Capt. RUTHERFORD. Arrived two Dutch galliots
from Dantzic, laden with Raves.—Sailed his Majef.
ty's (hip Tatsums, of 36 guns, Capt. Minty, on a
cruise; Swan cutter, with the following copper.
bottomed tranfports, for Plymouth, to take in troops
for Cork : Capt. WATSON, of the Royal Navy, Agent,
accompanies them—Melpomene, Minorca, Canada,
and Aurora.—Sailed alto the Britannia and Sir Ed-
ward Hughes, for India. Vent out of harbour the
Pandora (tore (hip. The Cecilia,Cmtaosz,for Bengal,
remains.—Yellerday arrived the Corw.andel, Ro-
sman, bound to Butaay Bay ; and Euphrates,
Cilium', to the South Seas.

Datz, OCT. a6.—Arrived the Ezrzostom bomb, 'I
from the eaftvrard, and failed for Margate. i
Gaaaaoca, Ocrossa 21.—Yellerday arrived the
Liberty, Captain Lam woz, a running (hip. She fail '
ed from Jamaica on the 9th Auguft, in company
with the armed (hip Portland, of aid for London,
from the Bay of Honduras, which the fell in with off
Cape Antonio, and parted with her on the Bth init.
in lat. 50. 15. long. 36. 543. then all well. Spoke
the following weals on the pairage, viz. on the 18th
ult. the American (tip Augufla packet, from Liver-
pool for Baltimore, out•;6 days—on the .th init. in
lat. 46. 17. long. 41. 40. the (hip Liverpool packet,
Wvar, of and for New York, from`-'Liverpool, out
22 days—on the 13th init. in lat. 54. 59. long. 25.
50- the American brig Echo, of and for Salem, for
St. Peter(burgh ; on the Bth init. in kit. 52. io, long.
36. the American (hip Mary Ann, from St. PeterC
burgh for Baltimore. Captain Lamm: alto (poke
fevers! Mermen on the banks of Newfoundland, who
infornazd him, that there had been a very fuceefsful
filling. Arrived alto yeller:lay morning, the Ame-
rican chip Mary, SH I e Lr, from Virginia; failed thence
in company with the Achille, Douozas, of this port.
Loc ma raw, Ocr. 18.—Since mylaß, there has been
a number of wails forced in here by firong gales from
the W. to N. W. among which are the following :
Alfred of Pool, from Liverpool ; Marina of and
from Greenock, both from Newfoundland; pot back
the Harmony, Saavica, from Salteoats for New
York. Dandh (Lips the Friendfhip, and Galliot,
from Dublin to Gottenburgh ; Pasuct Wiz•tale
HIM IT, revenue cutter, from Plymouth; ASNISLT
ditto, from a cruise; Hors, tender, Lieut. WILT-
son, from Derry. Came in yenerday, the Ainfley,
privateer, Captain Gast, of Liverpool, from off a
cruize, with the lots of bowfprit and fore.top.mall.
She captured and fent for Liverpool during her cruise,
two prizes, one of which from the Inc of France, is
valued at tao,oool. the other was from Newfound.
land. Upwards of ao fan of coallers wally for
Irelind, from different ports; they have failed this
day, the wind having fuddenly (billed to the S. W.
from the blowing weather of yefierday ; their names
1 have not been able to get.—Reitain Alfred, Ma-
rina. Harmony. ikc. Ainfiey privateer, all the otitis
welds uc failed.—Wind 5. 5. W. ardcrite wrath:i•
