THE FANATIC IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS.

About one o'clock this day, the Middlesex Grand Jury came into
Court, and, among a number of other presentments, returned two true
bills against James Sisk, the fanatic, whose attempts at assassination
in the lobby of the House of Lords, on Wednesday evening last, have
excited so general a sensation.
' The first bill charges him with having maliciously and feloniously
presented a loaded pistol at the person of Mr. Richard Gilbert, one of
the Marshals of the House of Lords ; and, with having pulled the
trigger of the same, with intent to murder him.
In a second count, he is charged with intent to disfigure, disable,
or grievously injure him.
The second indictment charges him with having also at the same
dine and place presented a pistol at the person of Mr. John Kingsbury,
with similar intents.
The witnesses were ordered to proceed immediataly to the Old
Bailey, as it was expected the trial would be brought on there in
the course of the day.
There were the names of six or seven witnesses on the back of
each indictment.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, DEC. 10.

The Royal Assent, by commission, was given to the Consolidated
Fund Bill. The Commissioners were, the Lord Chancellor, the Mar.
quis of Lansdowne, and Lord Durham.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNR presented a petition from the pa.
rish of St. Peter's. Athlone, praying for an equitable distribution of the
parliamentary fund for education in Ireland. Also, a petition from the
currier. of Dublin, for a repeal of the leather duty; from Kilkenny and
other places, against slavery; from Kinross, in Scotland, to the same
effect ; and from Arbroath and Ayr, praying for Reform.

ST. LEON ID isleuwren.
The Earl of RA DNOR presented • petition from the pariah of St.
Leonard, Shoreditch, signed by 1200 persons, complaining of distress,
and praying for Parliamentary Reform. The noble Earl observed that
the petitioners called for the reduction of those taxes which press d bard
upon the poor. The assessed taxes, duties on sugar, soap, candles,
11 and reduction of tithes. In the course of the debate of last night there
II was a denial of the existence of deep distress ; but he was enabled to
prove that distress of the worst character had long existed in the
eastern parts of the metropolis, and that it must have been known by
his Majesty's late Ministers. The person who that morning placed
the petition in his hands, had given him a most lamentable description
of the state of the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in June last. There
was one person in the parish who kept a carriage, and the total amount
of the poor rates was 34,0001. The distress was so great, that persons
to pay their rates, had been compelled to abstain from animal food. The
Ministers of the parish did their duty with respect to moral and reli-
gious instruction, but the demoralization in the parish was beyond de-
scription. This was occasioned by distress and want of employment,
which made the people profligate and reckless. The shopkeepers could
not sell their goods, and were daily becoming bankrupts. Those
who had been in the habit of receiving 201. per week, did not receive
20 shillings. It must be obvious to their lordships that the distress in
Shoreditch parish must have been severe at the time a noble Duke
stated in that house that distress was but partial. Ministers must have
had distress passing before their eyes, and if they had done their best
at the time many evils might have been avoided. The responsibility
of Government was s mere farce, if such things could pus within three
miles of the house in which they were seated, and no redress be given.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said be was sure the noble lord
would have the candour to admit that when the location of forming a
Committee on public distress was discussed last haelon, not one word
was said about the parish of Shoreditch. It had been said the late Mi.
Miters were liable to be impeached for not making due inquiry into the
state of the country. He called on the Noble Duke who entertained
that opinion to bring forward his charge, and he(tbe Duke of Welling-
ton) would more it and defend his Majesty's late servants. The noble
lord came forward with a petition from St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and
made a statement, not from the petition, but private information. He
(the Duke of Wellington) had never considered himself responsible for
the distress of a parish. He had nothing to do with the parish of
Shoreditch, although the distress might be twenty times more than it
was. His Majesty's Ministers were not responsible for parish affairs.
The noble lords on the opposite side of the house must feel they could
do nothing in such a case. They might recommend his Majesty to
subscribe, as the late Ministers did George the Fourth. More they
could not do in such a case.
Earl STANHOPE complained of the late Administration, with re-
spect to inquiry into the distresses of the country, which bad been occa-
sioned by the measures of that house. He thought the present Mi-
nisters, in refusing inquiry, were following the example of their
predecessors.
Lord KING said a charge bad been made against the noble duke,
that he put into the mouth of the Sovereign the untoward words " Par.
tial Distress." Upon that representation they made a reduction in the
public expenditure. At the time distress was
The Duke of WELLINGTON said the noble lord was in enor, the
reduction of expense was the result of saving made during three yews.
to the amount of a million sterling in the National Debt.
Lord KING observed, that reduction was certainly medle, but they
left what was called a margin, to answer public exigencies. If the late
administration had remained In office, that margin would have told
against the continental revolution.
Lad ROMILYN supported the conduct of the late athathistration.
The Earl of WINCHILIDIA agreed with the noble end (Illatther),
that the refusal of his Majesty's late administration to inmedgme the
causes et distress, had drawn upon them the reprobation of nay well.
meaning penal in this country. He run certain, If MO, bed takes
plea in the late scuba of parliament, that the pain obit it Ms.

ress wbuld not have b,crgfound what it is. He had no doubt that the
spirit of disaffection which pervaded the country might have been pre-
vented. He would not admit, however, that the present government,
were preparing to follow the example of their predemsors in office.
They had already done much good by the formation of a Committee ou
the Poor Laws, and he had no doubt the country would derive advan-
tage from their measures.
The Marquis CILANRICARDE defended the present Govamment,
and contended that it would have been absurd to concede the comu:itter
proposed last night.
LI The Duke of WELLINGTON adverted to the 3,919,0001. tales
taken off by his administration. The repeal of the beer tax, and the
relief afforded by repeal of the test act. His object had been to avoid
uselesi committees, and to give relief. He wished well to the present
Government, cud was disposed to give them all the assistance in his
power.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE eulogized the Wellington Adn:inistration.
The petition was then laid on the table. •
SLAVERY.
Lord NAPIER, presenting a petition against slavery, repeated his
opinion, that their lordships would never be able to take a correct view
of the slavery question without they sent out to the West Indies a com-
mittee of lords, to make inquiry.
Lord STANHOPE said as the noble and learned lord on the wool.
sack had said the slavery question:was a paradox of paramount ins-
portance, the noble and learned lord ought to go out as Chairman of the
West India Committee.—(A laugh.)
The LORD CHANCELLOR explained what he mum by the
words—paramount consideration. He thought the aholizioil o!' slavery
an act of justice, and justice should always be paramount 13 the delibe-
rations of that house.—(llear, hear.) Whether it wdhld be for the
benefit of the suitors in Chancery to send him to the West Indies,
he left their lordships to decide ; but if he were asked whether he
would go, he should wish to know whether the noble call would Le
one, and whether the Cmumittez. during the voyage would be favoured
with the Noble Earl's critical speeches ? If the Noble Earl would give
him good security that h.: would sail upon the same bottom, and con-
test with his eloquence every point adverse to his own vicars of the
subject, in his usual spirit. and in the same tone the Noble Earl used
in Cm! Hosts, he (the Lord C.taneellor) would t:lk tile to consider,
and &Ain r teed to give his judipent—(a laugh) —whether he would
go or not—(laughter.)
The re idea was laid on the table.
B:stcral other Slavery petitions were presented, and among others,
one by Earl D.sawLEv, from a place in Kent.
Mr. Tomlinson, from the Treasury, presented the last report on On:
herring fisheries.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OW COMMONS. DE:. 10..
Mr. DANVERS presented an account of the sums of money pail to
the creditors of the Nabob of Arcot.

Lord W. PAULETT reperted from the Boroughbridge Election
Committee, that the sitting members had been duly returned.
Mr. C. RUSSELL presented a petition from Reading, for tl cga-
blishment of local Courts for the recovery of debts.
Sir W. INGLERY presented a !cation from Spalding, for II e abo-
lition of slavery; and a similar petition front Gainsborough : also, pe-
titi try from Gainsborough, and another place in Lincoln, for the terenl
of the Assessed 'faxes ; and a petition from Gainsborough, for reform
in Parliament.

Mr. A. SMITH presented a petition from the females of the Wet.
leyan Chapel, Lincoln's Inn-field., for the abolition of *livery.
Lord J. STUART ptesented a similar petition from Cardiff.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented a petition from Notth Shields, for
parliamentary reform.
Colonel SI BTHORPE presented a petition from Lincoln, for tlv.
establishment of local courts.

Mr. O'CONNELL said, he was afraid the bill broujht to "!•at
house from the oiler, for the establishment of local courts, would he a
disappointment. A more effectual improvement of the law wac i dis•
pensibly necessary.
Colonel Si BTHORPE presented a petition from Lincoln for the re-
peal of the:Assessed Taxes.

DISTURBANCES IX KENT.
Mr. HODGES presented petitions fmm parishes in Kent, praying
for reform. He supported them, and trusted that the ballot would form
part of the reform He was glad of the change of ministry, for he had
received a letter from a Magistrate, stating that previously,it was impos-
sible to get persons to be sworn in as special constables.
Sir C. WETHERICLI, said that those who had refused to be sworn
in special constables, had violated their duty.
Mr. HODGES, to show the state of Kent, and to account for the
disturbances, then read the Memorial from the Grand Jury of Kent to
the Duke of Wellington, setting forth the great distress of the agricul.
tural population, and the danger that must result from the impossibi-
lity to endure their sufferings. Had that memorial been attended to,
none of the scenes that had taken place in Kent would have occurred.
(Loud cheering.) To be sure after that Memorial was presented. the
Beer Duty was repealed. (Hear and a laugh.)
Lord LowTH Eft said, after that memorial was presented, the beer
duty was repealed.
Mr. O'CON NOR DON present( d petitions from Roscommon against
grants to the Kildare-street S:'ciety. He had a high respect for the
present Ministry, and he hoped they would anxiously attend to the
tresses of the people of Ireland.
Sir J. BATEMAN contended that the Ki:dare-street Society had
been much maligned. It had done great good, and spread education
amongst Catholics as well as Protestants. They were not a sectarian body.
The only objection to them was, that they circulated the Bible wilicut
note or comment.

Mr. O'CONNELL soh', that he entertained *very d!frerent opinion.
The society was very unpopular in Ireland ; it was opposed by the
whole of the Catholic Clergy, because they did not allow children to
have the Bible without note or comment. They did rot interfere in Pro-
testant education, and therefore wished that Catholic children's instruc-
tion should not be meddled with by Protmtans.
Mr. LEFROY approved of the society.
Sir J. NEWPORT disapproved it, though a Protestant, because he
could not approve of its course of proreeditig.
Mr. O'CONNOR DON hoped that a portion of the grant would
henceforth be applied to the Catholic chiLiren.
The Marquis of BLANDFORD presented a petition from Diss, in
Norfolk, for the relief of distress, and a petition from Woodstock for
parliamentary reform.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition from Moses Phillips, of
Paddington, complaining of being taxed Bd. in the pound on a rental of
MI. a year, for a farm at Paddington, under the New Police Act.
though no policeman ever came near his farm, nor was ever wanted
there.

ROYAL. COMMISSION.
The Deputy Usher of the Black Rod summoned the House to the
House of Peers, to hear the Royal Arseot given by Commission to the
Consolidated Fund bill.

The Speaker and several Members went to the House of Peers ae.
cordingly.
The SPEALRR, on his return, informed the House that the Royal
Anent had been given to the bill.

PAOLIAMENTAtT
Mr. O'CONNELL presented petitions from Youghall, the Union of
Middleton, In the Diocese of Cork, for the Repeal of the Union.—lfe
then gave notice that, on the 10th of February, he should bang for-
ward a Bill to amend the abuses in Parliamentary representation.—
When the Miscellaneous Estimates for Ireland were moved, he would
renew the Resolution, declaring that it was derogating from the dignity
of the Bar in Ireland, for King's Counsel to examine witnesses out of
Court.
Mr. 0•GOR11AN MAHON presented a petition from a parish in
Clare, against any grant to the Kildare-street Society.
Lord ALTHORP moved that Mr. R. Grant be added to the Corn-
inittee on Salaries.—Agreed to.
SANK CHARTER.
Sir ff. PARNELL said, that as the Bank Charter expires in :183.1,
it was desirable that the renewal of the Charter should be preceded by
enquiry, to secure a good system of bartering, and to prevent those
losses that had heretofore occasionally arisen.
Lord ALTPORP said, that he had not yet made up his mind
whether enquiry should take place this or next Scrsion
bat he certainly thought that enquiry should take place.
Whatever other governments might have done, he would pledge
himself that the present government would not make any previuse bar.
gain with the Bank. The whole question should be left to the p+ills.
ment, and he admitted that, after so long an interval, it wax des able
the Bank should be placed on a better footing.
General DASCOYNE asked whether the East India Company Coin.
mittee would be revived ?

Lord AlalloltP replied in the affirmative; but thought it enuld
not be till after the recess, as, till they the President of the 13 'tad of
Controul could not be in his place.

SUPPLY.
Lord ALTHORP moved that the House go into a Committee of
Supply.
Air. P H I LPOTTS wished to make some observationson the committee
appointed. The members were mostly members of the lateadminis ra-
tion, who if they abridged the salaries, must condemn themselves. He
also thought it extraordinary that the name of an hon. alderman, who
had given notice of a motion en the same subject, sad must, no doubt,
have given it considerable attention, was not one of the names on the
committee.

Lord ALTHORP said, the principle on which the committee was
rig
who formed was that of not ay varnaher on it who 'might be sup.
ponsd
iri abe iollsaieed 011.111111111111 t. It vial t, necessary to
streleoehen eenw sight be able to gin the necessary In.
in the Odom of the committee. lie thought the mom.
edam oggeheOld was OM 1111111dal to the public conidener. He W4B
Paftddf Alb, We odd the none of the worthy alderman, whose notice
of • toffs ft the *Wee he had ibegetten. (Hess, hear.)
iiir G.WAIIitIINDBIL amend of the committee, which be con. _ •
Adored ones
Sir R. Pa maid, be tik band to say that he thought the etill.
mime was impoctiolly hawed. He certainly felt it was a eaters of
great didlcalty, and he MI ehinh it would be better if government pm.

~'.

• •1

It.

y

ar'
'kr

posed the rt ductiot He also thought kiwould be better if the noble
bed would omit th-e'r.ames of hi.rxelf and his late colleagues on the
committee, and thin they should he admitted to give evidence ; but if it
were the pleasure <if the house that he should undertake the duty, he
should not shrink from the performance. (Hear.)
• TRADES' PROCESSION&
Mr. PR ICE said he had a most important question to the noble lord,
the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The hon. member declared that he
wAs not instigated by any vindictive feeling towards his Majesty's pre-
sent government ; for he would have put the same question to any other
government that existed at the time. The question he had to put to the
noble lord was, whether the government had had any previous know-
ledge of a procession of trades that had gone up to his Majesty with an
address or petition on the previous day, consisting of a large number of
persons ? (Laughing, coughing, and cries of " Order ! order!") The
honourable member resumed and repeated his question. He would I
ask the noble lord if, with a previous knowledge of the intention of
such a procession, the Government had given their concurrence, and if
they had done so, were they aware that they had sanctioned a
direct violation of a statute of the country ?--(Hear, hear, and laughter.)
He had heard in another quarter, that it had been asserted, on very high
authority, that the procession was not illegal ; but he was prepared to
quote the very statute against which the offence was constituted—it was
the 13th Charles 11. The hon. member proceeded to express his re-
gret that the question had not !nen taken up by some one more calcu.
lated to give it weight and influence ; but he would have told the highest
I.lw autho.ity. had he been present, that—(cries of hear, hear, and order)
the question was one which had been decided and established frequently,
and had its origin from a measure of one of the greatest and wisest par-
liaments on record.
Mr. RI DLEY rose to order, he thought it out of rule that the Hon.
Member should give way to personal allusions, and irrelevant discus.
Mons. when he got up to ask this very simple question.—(Laughter.)
The SPEAKER.—Mr. Ridley, you are out of order too, for there
is a question before the !louse.— (Immense laughter.)
Mr. PRICE resumed. He would quote the words of the statute—
" That no persons shall approach to his Majesty, or either Houses of
Parliament, to present a complaint, petition, Ac."—not with mobs,
the statute said, " but not more than ten persons." This law
had been framed from experience, for the wisest of purposes,
and he did not wish to see a repetition of such circumstances
which had called for this act being passed. Although no mischief had
occurred from the procession of the previous day, he would impress
upon the attention of Government the danger of encouraging a violation
of a law. The law had been ably discussed and explained by Judge
Mansfield, and it was by him set down as a law of the land. The
honourable member was not hostile to an expression of loyalty to the
Sovereign from his subjects, if presented in the proper manner;
but the procession was accompanied by banners and parade and
in the ranks was displayed one banner, or symbol, be spoke of
it with deep concern and regret, a banner or symbol of rebellion and
violence. (Hear, hear, and cries of question.) He would repeat it, a
symbol or banner of rebellion and violence, for which he had only to
appeal to histoty for proof, and the associations would be found to be
of the most appalling nature. (Cries of question.) The hon. member
had only to say, that his objections were founded upon principle, and a
conviction of the danger of suffering a violation of the law ; and that it
was the duty of whoever held the reins of the Government of the coun-
try to take every precaution to preserve its internal peace. (Hear.)
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated, that soon after
the present Government had taken upon themselves the duties of the
home oilier, they had been waited upon by a deputation of the trades from
the Cite, who represented that a great disappomtment had been experi-
enced by the trades in consequence of not having bad the expected
visit from his Majesty, and that they were desirous to present to
his Majesty an Address. (Hear, hear.) A reply was given that
it was not customary to present addresses in such large assem-
blies. But as soon as it was known what they really intended, every
assurance was given that precaution would be taken to preserve the
peace, although that, perhaps, in the strict letter of this law that the
hon. member had cited, an offence had been committed ; it might be
considered that it rested with government when it was advisable to in-
terfere ; and in this instance he would have considered it rash and indis-
creet to have interposed their authority. The Act was one that was con-
tinually violated ; there was never an address received, even from one
of the Universities, but was done in violation. The noble lord had
not heard till now that a tricoloured flag had been exhibited;
but if it had, it was of alight importance, for the procession had gone
off with the utmost good order. The tri-coloured flag, doubtless, was
once the badge of violence and crime, but its history bad undergone a
change, whatever it had once been in France, it was now the symbol of
hor.our and patriotism. But the tri-coloured Hag had not been borne
in this procession with reference to any events of this country. The
noble lord concluded with several pointed allusions to the recent events
in Europe, and sat down amid immense cheering, the strangers in the
gallery actually clapping their hands.
Mr. L. WELLESLEY approved of subjects being allowed to ap-
proach their monarch, and was of opinion that ministers would have
acted wrong in attempting to stop the procession. The bon. member
concluded his observations with eulogising the tri-coloured flag, as now
the sign of a flee monarch reigning over a free monarchy.
Sir R. PEEL said, that the law had been passed to keep the peace,
and be thought it was consistent with reason and good sense to prevent
such an assemblage of 10,000 persons for such a purpose. The hon.
baronet detailed what ought to have been the measures adopted. There
ought to have been no ensignias or banners at all, but, at most, none but
the insignia of this country. He bad no doubt but that ifs tri-coloured
flag had really been exhibited, it was not with the concurrence of the
leaders. _ _ _ _

Sir R. PEEL said he had made the remark on the supposition that
a ui.eoloured lag had been exhibited, but head not know whether it
had or not. - - -

Lord J. RUSSELL acquiesced in the sentiments of the Hon. Bart.
as to not allowing improper precedents. The address was not oats of
complaint, but ezpressive of loyal sentiments. He was sure the people
did not mean to raise any flag against this country.
Mr. 0. LAMB said that at the Home Office a knowledge of the
procession w only obtained by accident ; but it would have been the
as
of madness to have interfered. As it was, the circumstance of
the presentation was a consolation to every lover of his country. The
Act that had been alluded to was totally disregarded-.4t would be
Lund to contain a clause prohibiting any petition or complaint being
presented dash's of Church or State, signed by more than twenty
persons. The people had, from the best feelings, gone under an erro-
neous impression, that they would have seen his Majesty, and have re-
ceived an immediate answer.
