IMPORTANT INFORMATION.

ROl4 Luxury and Dissipate 'ea the mind becomes
asunami. and the body soon falls an easy victim. To re-
inovethe Disorders arising from fashionable iamb* and to restore
! the debilitated sonakeden Ia the result of our study and vsprvi •
eon. and we trust that thirty years' suscvsfill practice In this
peculiar branch of oar profession gives us a decided superiority
over every ether Practitioner In recent cases of byphili tic Infec-
tion, &perfect cure is convicted in the short period of two days,
and In these eases of a more complicated nature, where other
practitioners have failed of soma, a proper perseverance in our
plan of treatment ensures to the Packet a sound and perfect re-
establishment. To those who are labouring under a general or
load Debility,k will be somedstory to know, that the Medicines
we pressribe polies* the inestonable power of renovating the most
debilitated Constitation, whether it arises from the indiscretions
of youth, Or by a avoidance In kit tir unhealthy climate., too stolen
sary a Ws, or too close an application to study, excessive grief, lei-
jtvedotic use a merairr, /ten. or should it premed irom an habi-
teal teedeocy to mosestplion, these our restorativeireull produce
the bopping effect& he place of Lassitude and Debility, we oiler,
listing Heald, iltreogtb, ani Spirits • and even to the aged and
Whim our plan of treatnin deed -relief and comfort, by'
pointy land safely invigeradog Sit system.
lifeeasnes eases of Sine sea have been and are dully wain
acre, she total eradication of which Is effected by a akar.
end expsdltlQw swede of prectiee, superior to any mbar yet
topted. The'weaess, relaxation, anddebility proceeding irons
ie complaint are speedily removed, and the Patient fll/10014 to
Seed and Winne health.
Patients at either in may cane& us with the greatest hostour.
ilelc/4h and secrecy, at our bossy. No. Kt; Flatten Garden.
Paint in the Country,. describing their case, owl eaciesing
rOmittnte" far Advise fad Medicities, the Mine will be slat se
all parts Isis* • ClUtillit eed CO. Serves%
Ma 207, *ma Oates.

Constituted Monarchies do not exhibit the um;;- of
that profound and frequently deceitful c.ilm, which
is iraposei on the people under absolute Meannehirs.
The peace which liberty gives is not the st Iranian
of slavery; it communic.ites movement and life to
the social body ; it makes of every citizen a thinking
being, whom a great interest animates and isrevent•
from falling into the torpor of indifference. It is
with a free people as with a family, of which all the
members concur voluntarily, and with a keen emula-
tion, in effecting the good of the public. The peace
which is established among them is full of activity,
Peace is maintained in devntic States by the presence
of an 'inquiet power, which the people, and more
especially the great, fed every moment preaStcp, on
them. In free States, it is preserved by justice, and
by the certainty that the law, being the samefor. all,
will yield to no privilege of protection or impunity.
Free States have, besides, a particular means of main-
taining peace amongst them ; it is their periodical
and regulated agitations, which, like a salutary fever
desired by the able physician, purge in some sort the
social body, by re-establishing the equilibrium of its
humour., as well as the activity of its springs.
Look at the moment of our last elections; how the
passions were all in movement! What activity in
men's minds I Interests, affairs, pleasures even, that
grand occupation of the most grave men, all gave
way to the question of the nominations to be male.
!The two parties, for there are in reality but two,
found themselves in presence of each other. Every
one observed those of his own party, to learn it they
were faithful to the mandate, to name only a en tried
by services, exercised in political combats, and capa-
ble of struggling at the Tribune against Miniaers.—
This last talent is in crone sort the first quality of a
Candidate for the Chamber of Deputies. In fact,
free nations have a natural and inevitable jealousy
agaiiist the depositaries of power. Though y-ung.
and stilt novices in liberty, the French already push
sufficiently far that jealousy, which is more necessary
to them than to any other people, because, no toe
other hand, they are inclined t' a facility of coilfi.
dente, and to a security eqnally dangerotr. In
England, people are highly, frankly Ministerial, it
they think tit ; they devote themselves to the support
of the Ministry on every occasion against tbe °prio-
r sition, and tl:us, according to political writers, the
constitutional balance is established; but ate we very
certain that liberty finds always its account as well
as- the Government does in this order of things ?
With us, a person may be a Minigerialist ; but they
cannot proclaim this resolution, which, besides, could
not have the constancy which it has for the Oratra
of the English Mioistry. Our sincerity. or our reason
would not permit a Deputy to make over in some
sort his conscience for a whole Session, and to sup-
port with warmth a political measure of which he
could not wholly approve. Ministers hive, not a
party ready made . hich secures to them before-hand
the majority.; they are
_obliged to conquer it every
Session ; no dout,t they have still other means for
conciliating sufirages, than el.lquence and reasoning,
but ibis is not the question which at this moment we
'are discussing ; we only wished to establish in passing
the n 44bie difference which exists between us and
our neighbours, under one of the relations of the
Constitutional System.
The opinion which we have expressed, explains'!
without doubt the activity and the solicitude of the
Ministry during the elections; they tried all the
means in their power to direct the opinion of the Elec
tors in a sense favourable to their views; they fought
as people fight Are aril e fed: j they neglected none
of their advantages. They were opposed by less of
tactics than ad courage and constancy ; the Opposi-
tion Candidates were supported with the same ardour
that the? employed in supporting theirs; the writers
who 'nursed into the qux,tion with more seal than
&Cession, were answered with talent and freedom;
in shoat there was an open war, and a true political
campaign.. The Ministry were beaten on some pints;
they triumphed on many others. The elections are
over; what resulted from all the movement which
thercallsed j Nut the slightest trouble, not one dis-
riled Aim Whit remains t.--A little agitation

in minds still occupied in era niiniris; the ' the
1 new Elective System, Ind in re.olsing, for a tonne
Itime, the difficat problem nt countertial 'nein.: the
Ministeri.l ii.tfuence But along with this igitation
without dangi, • ss, hay, the content of the ci•izens
who have exercis4 freely the n their rteht's
the hope that (sir liberties. will fi. d amongst the new
and the old R Tr...sew omits, w Ithy defenders, and
finally tf,e consolAt. ry conviction that the law of the
sth Fehruiry, a l IW truly constitutional anti Itottout-
able to those whn framed it, contain in its Wise dill-
positions all the elements 'of a good n itiniial repre-
sentation. Wlll it he believed that in there disposi-
tions there is not a teal Amelioration c.f the piiblie
mind. and that the Government does not find in it
great means of stabiiitv, of force and of action
The ajtation by elections has thus hech
Gay to the social body.
Th.. anproachintt Se,sion of the Chambers will
again agitate mens' moots, and dr tn. it,. ro from the
species of calm to which thi y wool' r. torn. alter
having frit-watch the elections. T.. to can be no
doubt that during this Session political interes4 will
excite .reittcal attention in the bigheht clegrie ; we
should be very much to be pitied, we should deserve to
tall lower still than firtime has placed us, it we could
1 ol: with indiffetence on the grand debate wich Is
about to hr cpcio.:l with respect to our dewest in-
Lancs. Our Representatit.es ate about to di.rusS
with the organs of the Royal Will the highest ques
ti ms of administration and of policy, taxes, and indi
vidual liberty, the Concordat and the liberty of the
cress, the discharge or our debt to strangers, and, in
short, that independence, without which there can be
no nation. Woe to the citizen who should not feel
his bosom agitated during the solemn discussion of
these grind t,bj.tcis! Woe to the Frenchman, with-
out soul, the wailer without courage. who she uld not
second with all their zeal the efforts of the generous
defenders of the tia.ional franchises!

During the Sessi •r• of the two Chambers, all the
citizens will be, in some sort, like the Romans in the
Forum. occupied in listriing ro the speakers, and in
voting, if nor by IlictlisAwrs. at least by their tepee-
sal-A.44ms, ou lublic affiirs; politics, finances and
liberty nil's be aliscussed in ail racieties ; the .wr:terS,
supported by the presence of the mandataries ct t!)e
n .tion, and ne:essarily enjoying a more ex:fluted
:iberty, will warm by their discourses 'he re ~prort
ard,air, and transmit to the whole nth thr:lr civic
entl:miawn. The diver.;:y of opinions n will
cog tribute to Ins salut.rry eff.-cti for oppoitton at-
taches us snore striargly ro the scud fur which we
are f,,rceJ to dispute. gailis something
every day in the attacks levelled a;.;aitist it ; its ad-
versaries gain partisans to it in spite of titend.-ives.--•
It is the same with liberty.
Besides, we may observe in passing, tit it many
persons, unknown to themselves, are infected with
the vice with which they reproach others. Philosophy
and liberal principles are maladies cont.t. us in their
mauve we get them without our perceiving n. There
are individuals who imagine they have preserved,
with respect to political opinions, the feudal supersti-
tions in all their purity, who have sucked in amongst
us certain maxims of equality. Their patriotic pride
leaps over di:latices and intervals which it would for•
incily hay.: oh .erved without having the thought of
a murmur. In this direction of men's minds, and
with the new ft rmentarion which the delihtrations of
,he two Chambers will bring into socioy, France
most reumble a sea agitated by contrary winds; but
it will experieote only nr/cent at:d temporary gales;
it has no temicas to fear.

When the cittze, s, instructed by the debates of theie
Repri.sentatives, see the national cause ably and cou-
rageously defended, they take undoulaeliy the keenest
intereA in the dailaetations; they catch the passion of
the orates s on the sight side; they. speak with tote.
against +hos, who appear to abandon it ; their
entivisasm is kiaulcd At the sacred &lames of country.
ttaional independence; they support with
it assent the tins lavourable to their cumin ; but
they go no farther. la all this e otion ut ~ in
all these movements of opinion, nothing is seen which
can trouble order, attack the established Government,
and shake contithnce ; on the contrary, the presence
and the del.beratiens of the two Chambers add to the
force and the preponderance of the Government, net.
tier which all opinions have obtained the greatest
liberty ct appealing with the utmost publicity; and
when the Chambers separate, the pruple, who know
where they may place their confidence, are more calm
and mote disposed to obetheoce. Recent experience
has coati; med this truth.

The disiussions of last Session were certainly very
keen: the Ministers were attacked with much vehe-
mence: strong and bold opinions were pronounced;
yet what a fortunate influence have not these discus.
sinus had on the general tranquillity ! How the
citizens, notwithstanding suff:rings which all the
goodness of the Monarch, and all the assistance of
the Government, cvuld not remedy, applauded the
laws which leery pats.id ! How strikingly the wit.
door of these lases, combated with so much obstinacy,
Nits made mani:est to them, and calmed their tin.
easiness ! How easily the °Mon:lmm of the sth 4.
Sep:anber, and the spirit of the two Chambers,
triumphed over the dangerous exaltation that a ma.
jority in opposition to the spirit of the age, and this
ideas of Government, had excited the year before!
—What progress concord has made amongst us!--•
And what means mote powerful and more prompt
for appeasing a people than to speak to them in the
language of reason, to listen to their complaints, and
10 consecrate by laws the IrgitimAte dviires of the
public opinion, independent of all dangerous infin•
once !—We are going to experience again the agita-
tion produced by the presence of the Chambers; and
we dare to affirrn before-band, that the effects of this
agitation will be i!ie same, that is to say, that they
will be useful to liberty, advantageous to the nation,
er
secure for ever Oa
idhais"gs:sfiouratifienaG;ov Government, which
oanndthweitclozonutrtaarlyky
the Constitutional basis.

:# "
ob.4uttova
-re
SEV! -1)E. \:CE•
in el:111611W the Ai.tritl •the
resolsing, for a IlltUre
Ism nt counterrial.incing the
But Along with this igitation
r.• the content of the ci•izene
Iv the n Wrist if theii right's
es will fii d amongst the new
Ives, w itthe defenders, and
onviction that t e lark' of the
ily constitutional and
id it, contain in its wise die.
tsbf a good n repre-
believed that in theta
disposi-
-11 amelioratnin if the piiblie
iirernmelit does not find in it
. of force and of action ?—s
• elections has thus het•h
sinn of the Chambers will
ids, and drAni m from the
ich y wool 'r. turn. alter
elections. T. •re c.tn be no
iession political interests will
in the higheht tlegri e ; we
be pitied, we should ile.et ve to
ine has placed us, if we could
the grand debate w-ich Is
a respect to our delrest in-
ati”es ate about to di•ruse
korai Will tilt highest ques
end of policy, taxes, and Snit:.
cordat and the liberty of the •
iur debt to strangers, and, ia
without which there can be
citizen who thnuld not feel
ing the solemn discussion of
Voe to the Frenchman, with-
iout courage. who shi•uld not
tl the efforts of the generous
1 franchises!
the two Chambers, all the
sort, like the Romans in the
-:ing to the speakers, and its
Awes, at least by their repre-
Flits; politics, finances and
in ail racieties ; 11:e %%rites's,
ice of the mand.itories the •
