MOUSE OF COMMONS, JUNE 12.

-- - -
he Loan Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed on Monday.
The Seamus took tbe Chair at three o'clock.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved for
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Act of last Session for the
building of New Chu►ches. The Right Hon. Gentleman ob-
served, the Bill he HOW wished to bring in was not intended to
snake any alteration-In the provisions of the Act of last Session,
bat merely to authorize the issue of Exchequer Bills to carry
that object into effect, at a higher rate of interest.—Leave was
gives, the Bill brought in, read a first, and ordered to be read a
skond time on Wednesday next, and to be printed.
Upon the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the ESCHZQUEE, the
House then went into Committees on the American Convention
Bill, the' Justice,General of Scotland Bill, and Mr. Matthews's
Safety-Coach Regulation Bill, the reports on which were ordered
to be received on Moaday.—Adjourned.
Mr. Erni was the only• Opposition Member in the House.

THE IVENING STAR.

LONDON.

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1819.
THE FUNDS.
PRICY OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK :
3 per Cent. Reduced
3 per Cent. Consols shut
3i per Cent.76U-4. per Cent. 861 87 86{
5 per Cent. Navy shut
Batik Long Annuities 18f 18
India Bonds 5 3 dis.
Exchequer Bills (2d.) par 2 pre.
Omnium I discount
Consols for Acct. 691 69 ff.

The Paris Papers of Thursday art ived in the course
of yesterday.
The Chamber of Deputies having proceeded on
Wednesday to the Order of the Day on the Budget,
the following items of the Department of Finance,
were taken into consideration :
Life Annuities, 11,100,000 f. voted without discussion.

Pension% 66,938,000 f.—The Commission proposed zo sub-
tract from this grant, a sum of 1,500,000 f. demanded by the
Minister as a Supplementary Fund for the payment of Arrears
of Military Pensions. After a good deal cf discussion, the
Amendment of the Commission was rejected by a large ma-
jority, and the sum dentanded was voted without modihcation.
Tautest on Securities 8,000100 f. Granted.
Interest of the Flouting Debt, 10,317,000 1. The Cornmis-
--lion proposed, on this head, a reduction of 2,81T,000 f. on the
ground that the capital of the Floating Debt,- stated in the Pre-
jeit at 20,000,000 f. did not, in reality, exceed 13,000,000 f.

In consequence of this difference between the cal-
culations' of the Minister and the Commission, Seve-
ral Men:lbws suggested a preliminary investigation
t.) ascertain the exact amount of the capital, before
voting a sum for the interest. The consideration of
the subject was adjourned-until next day.
Marshal Sous,T arrived in Paris on Wednesday
General VAtmAnsts, who was comprised in the
Ordinance of the 24th of July, but was understood
to he included in the' list of those recently recalled,
has.arrived at Havre. As he had not, it seems, any
sanction for being there, he has been placed under
the surveillance d the local Authorities, who have
ordered Lied, until instructions are received from GO.
velment, not to go beyond the bounds of the city.

The Court Martial on General Morand have una-
nimously pronounced his acquittal. The chief head
of accusation against him was his having, on the 3d
April, 181.5, caused a Proclamation to be printed
and published at Nantes, in favour of Bonaparte.—'
The ground of defence taken up by the General, and
sustained by the Court Martial was, that the Procla-
mation had been sent to him by the then Minister of
War, with peremptory orders to publish it, and that,
independently of a strong desire, which he naturally
felt to avoid the horrors of a civil war, he did not
conceive himself at liberty, as a military man, to re-
fuse executing any order transmitted to him from the
War Depariinent. How happy would it have been
for many individuals who have been condemned for
acting precisely in the same way, under the same cir-
cumstances, could their trials have been defer t ed, like
General Morand's, till a period when there is at length
justice and moderation enough to appreciate the i
merits of such a defence !
The Duke of HAMILTON arrived at Parts some
days ago. It is said that in virtue of his ancient
rights and possessions in France, he is taking mea
sures to obtain a seat in the /trench ChatnbEr4f Peers.
The French Journals observe truly, that their consti-
tutional system is not altogether ‘favoulable to the
Duke's pretensions. He could ooly:hecotne a French
Peer by creation ; and feudal rights can have nothing
to do with a Chamber which was called intp exist-
ence in MC We consider it, however, altogether
improbable that a British Nobleman should seek to
come under the incompatible obligations which would
be unposed on him by a French Peerage.
Five per Cents. Wednesday-67fr. 90c.

A Flanders Mail has brought us this morning
Brussels Papers to the 11th June; but they are
quite barren of intelligence. An article, under the
head of Madrid, talks, for the hundredth time,
about the " necessity of striking a great blow" in
South America, and asserts confidently that the grand

:pedition from Cadiz for that purpose will sail some
time or other. An aid of two frigates and several
transports is expected from Barcelona; more piastres
are expected from Madrid; and when these, and
many like expectations are fulfilled, the Expedition
will be wady to sail. It is admitted that, 46 all hope

of an arrangement with Buenos Ayres and of its sub-
mission to the Mother Counts" have vanished, and
that nothing remains but to try the force of arms."

From a letter which was received in town yester-
day, from a Gentleman of respectability in Georgia,
it appears that the citizens of the Southern United
States have recently had a very serious lesson read to
them, on the consistency of a people calling them-
selves Republican and Christian, keeping so many of,
their fellow-creatures, of like passions and feelings
with themselves, in a state of slavery and wretched-
ness. The following is an extract from the letter :

" Augusta, May 6.

" A plan of insurrection, of the Blacks of this place and
surrounding country, as well digested, perhaps, as that of St
Domingo, was to have been executed on Saturday last, but by
Providential interference, was yisterday fortunately discovered.
Many of the ringleaders are now committed for trial, and will
probably soon meet the awful sentence which awaits them !"

We have received to-day Papers from New-York
and Philadelphia, to the 20th of May, and from Bal-
timore to the 19th ; but have met with little in them
of interest or importance.
A number of Banks have stopped paying in specie,
and in commercial matters there is the greatest stag-
nation. Intelligence had been received from Ha-
vannah, that Sir Home POPHAM was daily expected
therefrom Jamaica, with the Commissioners appointed
on the part of Great Britain, to decide in cases of
capture of vessels engaged in the African Trade.
—The report that Cuba was to be ceded to England,
is said to have excited great indignation among the
people, who did not hesitate to say that a declaration
of their independence should immediately follow
such a Treaty. It is scarcely necessary to put our
Readers on their paid that this is only Jonathan's
account of the matter. It is of course the policy of
the United States to cast as much obloquy as possi-
ble on every proposition for an acquisition of dominion
in the Gulf of Mexico, by any power but themselves.

A series of Ceylon Gazettes to the 10th of January
has arrived. At that period nearly all traces of the
rebellion had disappeared, and the principal leaders
of it had been brought to trial. There appeared no
disposition to extreme severity, as the punishment of
death had not been inflicted in more than three orl
four instances: among these was the noted KApPrriz
POLA, Prime Minister to the Pretenders who was be-
headed on the 20th of November last. In every Pro-
vince of the Interior the inhabitants have been called
upon for the surrender of arms, which have been de-'
livered up in such numbers, that it is thought very few
can remain in the possession of the Candians. The pri-
soner, who was thought by many to resemble very
nearly the description of the Pretender, does not turn
out, upon closer examination, to be that mock claim-
ant of the Crown. The real personage was said td
have resumed his priestly garb, and to be lurking In
the forests of Wallassee, not far from AlipoOt. Many
parties of Vedaks were sent in search of him, and it
was extremely probable that he would be captured
in the very country where he first began the insur-
rection, and by the same Vedaks who then formed
his body-pard.

A letter from Colombo, dated November 29, says,
,‘ Upwards of 800 men and more than 30 Officers
fell victims to the climate, during our late war with
the Candians. Many men lost their lives from the
bites of leeches, which swarm in the Jungles ; 25 men
of the lath Madras Regiment have lost a leg each
from the bite of this disagreeable and troublesome
little animal, u Lich, in spite of every precaution, will
make its way into your boots, or under your clothes,
whilst marching during the night. Four of the state
prisoners (chiefs in the rebellion) were sentenced to
die; but, KAPPITAPOLA and MADOGAL LE only have
suffered. Their heads were struck off by two blows:
their behaviour was manly and cool. The Governor
(General BROWNRIGG) having at length restored peace
to the island, has issued several Proclamations re-
specting the future government of the Candian ter-
ritories ; one of which contains the following clause ;
" It is also directed, that on entering the hall of au-
dience, every person shall make obeisance to the portrait
of his Majesty, there suspended : and as well there as
in any other Courts of Justice to the presiding au-
thority."

Advices from the Cape of Good Hope to the 27th
of March have been received. 7'he
.Cape Town Get,
retie of the 13th contains a Proclamation of Martial
Law in those districts where the rebellious Cafftes
were then carrying on their depredations. It appears,
however, by the same Paper of the 20th, that a
speedy prospect existed of these marauders being re-
dOced to submission, or driven across the frontiers.
The extent of the insurrection itself seems to have
been exaggerated. It was begun, in the first instance,
,by three Chiefs, named Sambie, Congo, and Lynx,
of subordinate note; but one of the most powerful of
them, named Hinza, kept aloof during the aggres-
sions, and took care to convey to the Governor assu-
rances of his peaceable disposition. The rebellious
party, with the whole of the plunder they had col-
lected, had concealed themselves in a thick wood.
A strong force wars immediately sent against them.
A great scarcity of wheat existed at the Cape, in con.
sequence of which, the Governor, Lord CHARLES.
Sommer, had issued a Proclamation, requiring the
farmers and others to make a return of the stock On
hand, in order to husband the resout ces of the cololvit

7"r'
PROCLAMATION.
" Whereas, information' has been reetiied that the •Itirer
Chiefs, who are at variance with the principil 'Chief, Oaths,
have entered the province of Albany (Zunrwild, severol
rections, and have conunitted great and 0411"
devastations, and murders. ,
" Now, in order to put a sop to - •
thought proper to call out a cossiderab ' fr,_

the interior districts, for the purpose of driving those marauders
over the knows tioundarits of this his Majesty's settlement ;
and I have further thought proper to send a military force to'
support the same, under the command of Lleuteruutt-Colonel
Wiltshire, of his Majesty's 58th Regiment of Poet, whom I
haveed to the command of the whole of this united force.
" pare, therefore, to give notice, that from and after the
promulgation of these presents martial law shall be in force
within the drosdies of Graaf-Ileynel, Ultenhage, and all such
places in which the aforesaid force shall be employed, for all
cases connected with the assembling and conducting the afore-
said corronnado, and continue to be in force until the object
thereof be accomplished, of which the aforesaid commanding,
or senior Officer for the time be.ng, duly authorized by us, shall
give public notice, but without prejudice to the usual course of
law in all other matters whatsoever.—Goo save the King.
" Given under my band and seal at the Cape of Good Hope,
this 3d day of March, 1819. (Signed) "C. H. Samsun..

" By 11. Excellency's command, " C. BIRD, See.
A Gentleman who left the Cape of Good Hope on
the 25th of March, states, that Gaika, the King of
the Caffres, had surrendered himself to Major Fraser,
and was on his way to Cape Town. He also states
the Caffres had joined the Bushmen, and their force
is thereby considerably increased.

Saturday night the PRINCE RenENT arrived 2t
Carlton-house from his cottage in Windsor Park.—
Yesterday the Duke of Youx and the Duchess of
GtoucesTEß visited his Royal llighness.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, Viscount CASTLEREAGH,
and the VICE-CHANCELLOR, had audiences of the
PRINCE REGENT, at Carlton-house.

Friday, the Princess AUGUSTA was present at the
Ascot heath Race-course. The Patrice REGENT had
numerous parties to dinner daily, at his cottage,
during the Races. The Princess SoPHIA rides out
daily on horseback in Windsor Park, whet] the wea-
ther permits.
Yesterday the Duke of YORK attended divine ser-
vice at the Chapel Royal, St. James's. His Royal
Highness is so much recovered from his late fracture
of his arm, that he is enabled to drive himself in his
single horse chaise.
Yesterday Divine. Service was performed at Carl-
ton Ilnuse by the Rev. F. H. BLOMBERG and the
Rev. Dr. STANIER CLARKE.

On Friday the Persian Ambassador, accompanied
by Lord MELViLLE, Sir GORE OUSELEY, and others,
visited the Tower, and afterwards proceeded in the
Admiralty barge to visit Greenwich Hospital.
The report noticed in the American papers, of the
Duke de SAN CARLOS having, in a letter to a friend
at the Havanhah, stated that Cuba had been ceded
to this country, is contradicted from authority.
OA the 15th ultimo, the port of Cronstadt was en-
tirely free from ice, and 50 vessels had arrived there
since the opening f the navigation.
Newfoundland Papers to the 12th ultimo, received
on Saturday, state that the seal fishery had been un-
commonly successful. Between thirty and forty ves-
sels were employed in it from St. John's, and 16<2
from Conception Bay.
Dispatches have been received at the Admiralty,
from Jamaica. They announce the departure of Ad-
miral Sir HOW& PoPHAM, iti the Iphigenia frigate,
Captain PARKER, to visit some of the places under
his orders. The Sybille frigate, Captain PoPitAst,
had sailed on a cruize. The Wasp sloop of war, and
the Serapis hospital ship had arrived there from Ports=
mouth on the sth and 7th ultimo.

Letters from Jamaica of the 18th April state, that
Sir GREGOR M'GREGOR had arrived at Old Provi-
dence, which, as our Readers arc already apprised,
has been for some months in the occupation of the
force under Commodore AURY. Preparations were
making for a disembarkation on the Main. As Don
JUAN ELIAS LOPEZ, formerly Governor of Cartha-
gena, accompanied Sir GREGOR, it was the general
opinion that the Expedition would be, in the first in-
stance, directed against that city. Auay's cruizers
had, a short time before the arrival of Sir GREGOR
M'GREooR, taken three Spartish vessels, one of
which was laden with provisions, including 1.500
quintals of salt beef. The bilander, the Friends, had
sailed for Old Providence, with about twenty of
MlGnEoort's followers, who had been left at Jamaica.
The Friends had also on board a cargo of bacalao,
and other provisions. It was calculated that the'
supplies already collected would be sufficient to sub-
sist the joint force of AWRY and 141.Gnitooa for five
months. Their united Squadron consisted of ten
vessels, well armed, manned, and equipped, and.morel
'than an over-match for any naval force possessed by
the Spaniards in those Seas.
G. CARROLL has the honour of calling the atten-
tion of the Public to the State Lottery which will be
ALL drawn on the '24th instant. Among other claims
to attention, it possesses the novel circumstance of
being the smallest Lottery that ever contained Two
Prizes of £3o,oooo—ln the last Contract CARROLL
sold a larger amount of Capitals than any other
Office-keeper, amongst which was No., 706, a prize
of 20,000 Guineas.—No. 19, CORNHILL,
Ox-
FORD-STREET.

The Bill to relieve parsons compounding for their Assessed
Taxes, from an annual assessment, for three years, has been
printed. One or two of its enactments, which were not men-
tioned by the CMANCILLOR of the EXCHZQVIIIL in his general de-
scription of the measure, it may be worth while to communicate
to our Readers. Every composition on dwelling-houses, entered
into under this Act, shall cease at the end of the year, if the
parsons entering into It shall remove from such dwelling-houses
within that year ; and all compositions in respect of other articles
now subject to assessment, shall in like manner cease, by the
dcatb, bankruptcy, insolvency, or assignment of effects, of the
party compounding. The composition monies ate to be paid
quarterly, in the same manner as the Assessed Taxes. Persons
paying the composition in advance, are to receive a discount at
acertain rate per cent. per annum. The rate is not yet filled up.
When any person applies to the Commissioners for the Assessed
Tar of the district in which he resides, to compound, Surveyors
are to be appointed, to examine his assessments for the last year,
and his returns for the present one. The object of this clause is
to guard against . those frauds which might otherwise be at- I
tempted. The Surveyors employed in the execution of this Act,
are to have an allowance of additional salaries. When the com-
positionsve not duly paid at the times prescribed, Collectors
may distrain for the money in arrears
PitIESTCRAFT!—An Abbe lately catechizing in the
Church of St. Nizier some young people who were
making their first communion, thus addressed them:
" If your fathers and your mothers command you to
do any thing contrary to the Church, and unfortu
nately, now-a-days, this is but too often the care,
what would you,do?" None of the children made
,any2nswer to this question. The Abbe. continued in
viif!,ines,:„.4, Without "......ng Wanting in respect or
al piety, you will do 111 that you can to free
IroPsiselvesirom their controul." Strange language!
tihitti druid. be edifttoinagpo nobody, but which may
. t.. f6:44. ht en men srelates whose business it is
stitor ties proiffiatork of evangelical. doctrines.
• *ch .Papq..., . .
, . : t 1.:1,..-.. :`.•''''
awl.
