a riot
'fit
Te ifire

Nuble

urn.
, and
ig coo

"ter a
Itli

efore

r Cip
isle I

t for
Wed

• • :

it 4
0

• ,
- @we tot tepostot dthfit.
• rag William mt takes away the benefit!"
p#rfol9 Privately Stealing in Shops.
once the Act which he. purposed to expunge,
*-44-tie severest lawi in our statutes. It sen-
ampere:os to death for Needy Stealing is
to the value of 55. ,This evPry thinking man.
• it to be quite incnnsistent with the spi. and
• tithe times in which we live; it WAS alio-
repugnant to the very spirit of our religion,
bbreathes nothing but philanthropy and -peace,
ht be•said, that this law was net executed; but
executed it ought not to exist. He believed
was no instance in which a person convicted
it bad suffered the penalty of death within the
one an years. There was a man hanged about
'lblift who had shwa so convicted, but he suits red
0e of greater magnitude. He would ad
that tbe•law might have been necessary at the
it was framed; but if it was not thought pro.
0 But it in force, it ougt to be abolished.—
Learned Gentleman entered into a series of de-
w cheer that this Aot, as it now stood, put the
ifs awl at the mercy of any ignorant or unfeel-
bookeepee; or, on the other hand, it afforded
Inopportunity of indicting him only for larceny;
W k left such. persons the privilege of determin-
ebether a petty thief should be capitally indicted
sc, fie read from the Calendars, for several
the comparative number of persons who had,
• convicted of stealing privately, and those who
ken convicted only of simple larceny, the pu•
s for which were so materially different.—
as digressed to descant upon the enormous in
of the crime of privately stealing in shops,
die last few years, in the course of which 166
, had been capitally indicted, but °oily 41 con-
. He stated a fact of a Jury, on the occasion
inn persons being tried for stealing the very same
, finding the one, who was a hardened Wiens
guilty of stealing to the value of five shillings,
the other, who was a novice, that perhaps
tutted thief for the first time, guilty of stealing
thit value. Before the Act of Elizabeth
repealed, a common pickpocket was liable
'death, for stealing to the value of a shilling,
it was argued that this repeal was the cause of
enormous increase of the crime in late years
be did nit believe, but attributed the cause to
improper conduct of the Police. He by no means
• to the Magistrates, who were a body of as
a and vigilant Men as could be found, but to
',lice Officers, who had an interest in not doing
duty; for by suffaing youthful culprits to pro.
in crime, they had the opportunity of taking
, for capital offences, by which they got the re.
rod of RlO on conviction. This was even like in-
king loose and depraved youth to commit offences
rhich tooled cost them their lives, and' was a subject
be ttform of which demanded the most serious can-
ideation; far it was impossible, if these Miens did
ileit duty, that the Magistrates should not be made
*glinted with all the disorderly public-houses to
he metropolis, whose licences they could stop. He
loped the present Session would not pass without an
lquiry into this important subject, as the only means
f presenting the increase of crimes. The Learned•
kntleman, after apologizing for a digression which
ttsrally aiose out of his intended motion, asked for
awe to bring in the Bill, which was agreed to.
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER.
fitsised ltaie to bring in a Bill to continue the
kw Residence Act of 1814.

Ana few words from General THORNTON,
erectiet the necessity of compelling the Clergy to
!ideal their benefices, and giving the Laity the
iht of appeal to the Bishop, when they could not,
lanais uses, obtain justice from the interior or-
's; be expressed his hope that the Clergy would
!compelled to do duty twice on Sundays, in every
ash in the kingdom, and to read the service ac-
ting tothe Rubric.—Adjourned till Monday.

THE EVENING STALL

LONDON,

4.1...•
' .
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1516.
Ina OF STdCKS THI6 DAY AT I WELVI3 O'CLOCK:
bawd 41I—Cbos. too. 61 fm-for ace. 66
4pr Cest.76o-5 per Cott. 90/I—Bonds Ss. 6s. pr.
Ito. 171 pr.—Do. pay. 16f —Excli. Bilk 1.. dis. Ss. pr.

Eery argument offered in PatliamerS relative to
Finance System, deserves the particular attention
class of the community ; for however, Pro-
it may appear to change its aspect in cer.
,)pints of view, it will be found, when stripped
Its disguise, to have for its prime object, the,
.fing the country with an Inquisitorial Tax upon
as one of the legitimate means of obtaining
even-during a time of pence. In this light
vie, every thing advanced last night on the ques-
of the Bank Loan of six Millions. Throughout
discussion there was such an unceasing coda:ion
itIMS that it mined to he studied how to hide the
question. In questions on National Debt the
terms should not be applied to the State which
and to the people which etopliet the means of ex-
to the State and to the Public Creditor; hut
hearer or reader does not for himself take con.
care to discriminate between A and B, he must
led into complete error on all these topics; Cape.
when the word /Writ" is -used by some of
Speakers, for this word they apply almost indis.
•y to the people and to the GOVOMMINSI. On
,s relative to Britain and some other coon-
as parties; these terms may often be taken as
's; but they never can in arguments re-
' the fitness of a measure of Finance.
R 4 plain from the proceedings of last night, that
1111* men have contrived to persrade the Mini-
% that it will he for the benefit of "the prblie" that
lit frailit" should he loaded with an Income Tax
ilthe time of Peace ? Can these two:if:Wirt mean
"some party ? We are told that by the operation
!idle Sinking Fund such an increase of capital will
obtained (that is by the pairer) as could not
*woebe obutined.so great as-OVOR to re:

.

•

duce n inennveniertal -to iltr lAiilt
'Set if the Minister, instead of ,nierely consulting
lanli blir'eetaisi-wheiseinterest is directly opposed tl*
drat of the Arthe,'Orhether this terrn be applied to the
•Peoille or the dotiernmetit —if the Miniver, instead
of• to suelt men, would consult with sound
economists , the* wenid demonstrate to him that dr
pro& (if the people be meant) are injured by every
drain made unnecessarily upon its industry; because
the sum taken front them would, in their hands,
become, from time to time, a new productive
capital, increasing the means of the community to
meet any future exigency in a healthy and vigorous
conditlon: that is, they would chew him that the
loniske (it the C ,vernment be meant) is actually in-
jorodoby every measure which tends to cramp the
pruilucuvt• powers of industry. It should ever be re
collected that the productive powers of tirational In-
thistry and of the Sinking Fund are not the same thing*.
to the former, if not strangled, theriare no limits :
hut the powers of the latter may be entirely destroyed
if the due means of nutriment are withheld from thl
former.

Subjects of this kind 'should never be treated as
Party questions; and if any person shall view our
argument in this light, we can only say that he en-
tirely mistakes our object. We hold it to be our
duty, especially on questions of vital importance to
the country, to offer every observation which, in
oar opinion, may tend to place them in a clearer
point of view; and having, sometimes, done so with'
effect, we are never without hope that possibly we
may yet be able to render some service to " the
Ik." in whichever sense that term be taken. We are
not of the number who would persuade the people that
the Government can carry on their business without
money; but we are of the number who maintain that
the necessary supply should always be raised—we shall
not say in that way which may be most hesseicial, but in
that way which may be kat injurious to the public.—
All drafts upon the national industry are, in their
very nature, injuries; and the greater the sum so
withdrawn, from time to time, the greater the injury.
Eeen,an inlividual will often retrieve his affairs if his
means for carrying on his business be not too much
curtailed by the impatience of his creditors; but
it his prime mover be withdrawn from 'him, on
what can he exercise his industry ? Must he still,
without the ordinary supply of straw,. -deliver to
the task-masters the usual tale of bricks ?
Now what 'is the public but an aggregate of indivi-
duals ? The factors, the foremen, the task-masters,
may promise themielves advantages Ly the system
which we now oppose; but the general community
must be injured by it.— Tile money wanted at present
should be borrowed, and the interest be paid out of
the Sinking Fund.

As to the Loan of 8.000,000 from the Bank; the
beneficial arithmetic• that has been exhibited to the
House, will be realised no where but in the Bank
Books and Bank Stock. The Bank is to lend this
sum for the low interest of 4 per Cent. ! ! Now the
fact, when stripped of all disguise. plainly stands
thus :—The Bank holds, without paying interns for ii,
a balance of from ten to twelve millions, on
vslikli Me country pap an interat of 5 leer Cent.—
The Minister needs six millions of the money—for
this we already pay 5 and N•e are to pay in addition
4 per Cent. snore, making 9 per Cent. Is ibis all?
no; we pay already 5 per Cent. on twelve millions,
that is lo per Cent. on the six. if only six of toe mime"
are to be nfiftlied to Me purpores fur coliich it war raistd ;
and in addition we are to pay per Cenr. more. Li
plain English by this finat•cial arithmetic we are to
pay a Loyal to the Bank of 14 per Cent. (or nearly
so) on biz millions yeatly—for, in return, just nothing
at all.

The Puma REGENT continues daftly to recover
from the weakness left by the gout.
Yesterday dispatches were received from the Duke
of WELLANOTON at Earl BATHURST'S Office, ID
Downing-street.
The Countess of LIVERPOOL is recovering from her
indisposition.
Lord BATHURST was yesterday reported as quits
recovered from his severe attack of indkposition.
Thursday the first Spring Dinner of the Pitt Club
took place, at the Albion Tavern. Sir EDWARD
RNAICHDULL, Bart. M.P. in the Chair. It was well
attended, and several Gentlemen were ballotted for,
and admitted Members. _ _

. ..... _
A reqiii,ition, very numerously and respectably
signed, hits been sent to the Mayor of Sandwich, re-
questing hint t" convene a meeting of Freemen and
amhahitants of that town, to take into consideration
the propriety of petitioning Parliament against the
renewal of the Property and Income Taz, under any
modification whatever. 'rite Mayor had appointed a
meeting to be held at the Guildhall on Monday next,
for the above purpose.
Charlestown Papers arrived this morning to the
6th of January, but they contain no news.
The following is the substance of the Treaty
between the Dey of Algiers and the Americans :
It consists of twenty-two Articles ; and appears
upon the face of it to have been concluded upon a
system of reciprocity ; the Americans, however. haw,
obtained many advantages; which were before denied
them. AR tributes and presents, under such deno-
minations, have been relinquished on the part of the
bey, and every accommod.tion is to be afforded the
Americans as to trade, hospitality, lie. the same is
promised in return by the Americans. All prisoners
on both sides shall not be sent into slavery, or pdt to
hard labour. The Americans maintain the right of
disposing of their *prizes. taken from any foreign
Power, in the Algertne ports. On the other hand, it
any American Prize is made and taken into the Al-
gerine ports,. she may not be sold, but the vessel
making the prize be compelled to depart as soon as
she shall obtain slipplies of provisios,

MailliWMim.
