Sik\\*.\

allisiksftsk tbasktt4MinistMsholifilliostpone their state-
:Dent until after the holidays, when the discussion arid
Iterp, ent f • e matter may come on at the same
Mr. FE GUSON thought it better that the measure
should not be postponed ;*tt veil-a
-but just that &edamd
and all other remote parts of the Kingdom should have
some previous knowledge of the intentions of the Go-
vernment on this great question. Not having heard
even a surmise of the intended plan, he could not be
prepared to vote on it until he should have learned the
opinions of his constituents. He wished to hear the
intentions of Government on Friday, but thought the
House ought not to vote upon it then, or give a deci-
sive pledge of following any particular line of conduct.
Sir J. NEWPORT expressed his hope that the Right
Hon. Gentleman would develope his plan on Friday.—
He should have no objection to a discussion on that oc-
casion, as he was sure it would do much good to ascot+
tain the general opinion of the House on the subject.—
But then the Bill ought to be postponed until after the
holidays, as otherwise the people of Ireland would have
no means of learning the nature of it in time, or of ex-
pressing their opinion on its provisions.
Mr. Secretary PEEL considered it a compliment to
the Government that the Hon. Member opposite had
not heard even a surmise of their intentions on the sub•
ject. The House would do well to remember that the
Corn Quection differed (tom all others on this paint,
that on the consideration of it they had the benefit of
previous deliberate discussions. Them were two pro-
posals before the House—either that the Government
should develope its plans on the day fixed, without
coming to a vote on the subject, or postpone the con-
sideration altogether until alter the holidays. The total
postponement he considered very inexpedient; it would
be better to develope the plan on Friday, in the shape of
resolutions, and to discuss and come to a vote on the
r 'solutions at the same time. That moJeof proceeding
would not, however, bind the House to any particular
course on the general subject, when introduced as a Bill.
It would merely have the effect of calling upon the
House to express their opinion in the way of a general
affirmative or negative; otherwise it would be better to
postpone the consideration of the question altogether
until after Easter.

Colonel SIBTHORPE was understood to favour '
the discussion of the subject on the day proposed, and
the postponement of a final decision until after the
holidays.
Mr. BARING held that if it was true, as he had
heard, that Ministers were not agreed on the measure,
that was a good reason for postponing the Bill until
the Ministers shouYi have agreed on some good mu-
sure which they could bring forward unanimously.—
But unless that were the case, he could not consent to
leave the country, until after the holidays, in ignorance
of the course intended to be pursued on a measure so
important and interesting to all classes. He had un-
dersibod that the question had been delayed hitherto by
the fact that the Right Hon. Gentleman bad not been
sooner returned by his constituents. But now, it would
be nothing less than trifling with the feelings of the
country to put it back until after Easter; at the same
time that it would be absurd to call immediately for
the opinion of the House, on a plan that must neces-
sarily abound with complicated details. The public
also ought to get time to form and express their opi-
nion on the subject. He hoped the Right Hon. Gentle '
slim would state on Friday to the House the intentions
of the`Goternment, and having taken a vote on the Re-
sofotions, postpone the Committee till after the holidays.
He finally trusted that the Ministers would not yield
trYthepoitpeinement suggested by the Hon. Gentleman
(Sir Edward Knatchbull)—a proposal which. but for
the respectability of the quarter from which it had
came, he should be inclined to suspect, from the facility
with which the Right Hon. Gentleman appeared to
yield to it, to be a trick, got up with a view to postpone
the Right Non. Genileman's motion.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL expressed his gratitude to
the Hon. Member for his compliments, but warmly, rt.
Oiled the idea of being a party to any such trick as the
H In. Gentleman had alluded to.
Mr.'BARING,'in explanation, disclaimed all ioten•
lion of uttering any thing offensive to the Hon. Member
(Sir E. Knatchbull).
Mr. BENbTT was understood to favour the post-
ponement of the question, in the absence of so many
Gentlemen interested in it.
•Mr. GRANT, perceiving that the feeling of the
House was decidedly in favour of the exposition of the
subject_on Friday, stated his intention of allowing the
niotion to stand for that day.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL having presented a Petition.
Mies the Maltsters of RAmsgate and Margate, against
tbeMalt Act, asked the Rigkt Hon. Gentleman (Mr.
Grant) whit was the precise nature of the course he in-
tended toinirsne on the Corn Question ?
`Mr. GRANT answered, that he should allow his
static/410 remain as it stood at present. On Friday,
hiriring'ezplained and submitted his Resolutions to the
House, he should propose that they be voted in that
*Vt, mid then move for leave to bring in a Bill
louodld on them.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL declared his intention of
using every form of the House to oppose the measure.
Mr. Secretary "HUSKISSON contended, that his
Right Honourable Friend'i *mode of proceeding was
not at alt unfair; on the Contrary, it was the regular
course. 'lf the Resolutions should pass, then they might
be shaped (according to custom) into a Bill, and that
be reported and printed ; but that course would by no
means bind the House to carry the Bill through its,
ultimate stages. As to postponingthe exposition, he
could not but think that if the Parliament followed,
such a course, they would play the part of childretV
and look as if they were afraid of stating their inten-
tions to the public.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY thought that the zeal of his Hon.
Friend the Member for Kcnt, in behalf of the agricul-
tural interest, likd carried him a little too far ; because
it was surely the interest of all parties concerned, that
the discussion of such a qucstioo as this should come
on as soon as possible—(dear).
Mr. HEATHCOTE then 'moved for a Return of the total
number of Ships which had passed the Sound during the year
1527, distinguishing the countries to which the same belonged.--
Ordareds
SUPPLY—RUSSIA AND PURIST.
Up.pn the motion of the Csaitcat.Los of the EleriPluri for read-
ing the Order of the Day for going intp a Committise of Supply.
S:r R:WILSON rose- to put some questions to the
Ministers. - The Honourable Member alluded to the'
declaration made front the highest quarter. which had
since been frequently repeated by others high in autho-
rity; that the Treaty of Landon was to be carried into
strid execution, and aid that his object was to inquire
whither that determination was to be persetered in.?.
Circuinstances' had sine atisen—the issuing of a mail.
febto,' if it could be so called, which betrayed the inst.
dins coarse of policy -pursued by the Ottoman Govern-
meet ; .distervery that by its interfefence the peace'
of Pere% had bow interrupted,' and the breaking of
the truce witiVileas expected to have followed from

the confederacy off, Ackermira--011 of which
,indwd and vornPlilled RaaAlas itonte any vt.
of yktratellisement,(but fa thiipur '
..of.vindicatit
hettown konoter andintetehts, to m Ailsowile move
Fe
sent agalbst that Fraseter.-aahis -thought wools'
the most auspicious time-best with a view to
effecting-Our imtaediate object,-1111iatia of presiniting
the ultimate establishment of Russia is a pOsitioluerbich
would be highly 'inconvenient to the test of Europe—
for this country and France to enforce and secure the
objects of the Treaty of the 6th of July. He wished to
have a definitive answer to this question, whether or not
.it was the intention of his. Majesty to pursue that policy
declared in the Speech from the Throne, at the opening
of the Session, and to carry the Treaty of London into
Atli effect, without allowing any circumstances to inter-
lifere and prevent the object of liberating Greece and
',rescuing its population from the exterminating tyranny
lof the Turks ? The second question he wished to ask
I.vres, whether arty orders given by the late Government
bad been renewed by the present one to the Command-
ing-Officers of the ships in the Mediterranean to prevent
supplies from being carried to the Turkish fortresses,
and the prisoners of the Turks from being carried into
captivity as slaves ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that the Hon. Member,
must excuse him, if, in replying to his questions, he
should separate that which was a direct question from
that which was comment or observation. The question
put was, whether or no his Majesty was disposed to ad.
'here to the declaration made to Parliament on the first
day of its meeting, as to his Majesty's determined ad-
herence is the engagements of the Treaty of the 6th
July, without allowing any circumstances whatever to.
interfere with its object—that of obtaining the complete
pacification of Greece? His answer was, that there was
no change whatever in his Majesty's determination to
do every thing in his power to give effect to the Treaty.
When the Hon. Member asked him to say whether his
Majesty would allow any circumstances whatever to
interfere with the pursuit of that object, he was asking
1 fur an answer upon future contingencies, which it. was,
impossible to foresee. All that his duty warranted Mtn'
in saying was, that no change whatever had taken place
in his Majesty's intentions. With regard to the posi-
tion of Russia, all he bad to say was, that no official
information bad reached this country of any actual
change in the relations between that country and
Turkey. They were in possession of uo informa-
tion that Russia had declared war, or committed any
act of hostility which ehauged the relations in which
she stood towards Turkey previous to the Treaty of
London. Whatever might be the apprehensions of the
Honourable Member, until they arrived at the point
when authentic information reached this country, he felt
that he should best discharge his duty by abstaining from,
all comment upon this topic. The second question of the
Hon. Member was, whether orders had been renewed to
the Officers commanding our fleet in the Mediterranean
to blockade the forts of she Mures; to prevent supplies
from being sent into them, and to prevent the popula-
tion from being carried away to a state of slavery ?
Previous to the battle of Navarin, enders were issued
to the Commanders of the Allied Fleets, to keep up
such a blockade as should prevent the afrival of rein-
forcements. After the battle, those instructions were
considered to remain in full force, and since that, the
attention of the Allied Squadrons had been recalled to
those instructions. With regard to the removal of the
.prisoners, information had arrived in this country, not
information of a vet y distinct character, but information
had been conveyed here, from which it appeared that
Ibrahim Pacha intended to carry the Greek women and
children into captivity, and convert them into slaves.—
All he Could say was, that before the Ti eaty of London
was signed, or before the Protocol was signed, a d;s•
tinct intimation had been made to Ibrahim Pacha. that
his Majesty would not suffer such an extreme exercise
of the rights of the Sultan, if rights they could be called,
and that if an attempt was made to commit acts sore-1
volting to humanity,' his Majesty was determined to
interfere and to resist it. .
• Lard MORPETH expressed his satisfaction at finding
frogs the Right Hon. Secretary that it was still the deter-
ruination of the Government to carry the Treaty of
London into full execution.
PUBLIC WORKS.
Sir J. GRAHAM, adverting to a motion made by
the Member for Dorsetshire (Mr. Bankes, sen.) on a for-
mer evening, kr the appointment of a Select Committee,
which was made, he observed, at a late hour, add to
which he did not object, wished now to here some in-
foe viatica respecting the motives of the Hon. Member
in moving for a Committee of Inquiry into the state 01
the further works, because that it was a subjtct which
snore properly came under the cogniz env: of the Finance
Committee. Beside., he protested against the motion, as
the Committee, which consisted of 16, was composed,
among the number, of six Members of the Finance Com.
mittee, four of whom were Member s of the Goer: nment ;
and, consequently, being interested in tie question they
bad to inquire into,w ere subject to challenge. The Master
of the Mint and the First Commissioner of Woods and
Forests were two of these Members. N rw, without
meaning to impute any thing improper, these Gentle-
men would have to investigate matters which possibly
it might be desirable to suppress. The Committee cer-
tainly was a Committee of •Paste, and must of necessity
have questions forced upon them which might lead to
the stifling inquiry into the expenditure of the country,
a subject which was more immediately the object of the
Committee of Finance, of which these Gentlemea formed
a part. He was most .anxious to guard against aay
thing of the sort, and therefore he wished to know from
the Member for Dorsetsbire what were his objects when
he moved for the appointment of the Committee?
Mr. BANKES, sen. would have been ready to ex-
plain his objects when he moved for the Committee, if
any Honourable Member had expressed a wish for in-
formation. At thesante time he was not aware what
Were the objects which the Hon. Baronet wished, to have
answered. He seemed • to complain of his taking the
business out of the-hands of the Finance Committee;
but did the Honourable Baronet not know, that the
Finance Committee had already a • great mass of
business before them—more, perhaps, than they could
get through with this Session. - Nor did he think
the subject to which the ,Committee ;in question re-
ferred, was peculiarly- suited to come under their in-
quiry. • With respect to the insinuation, that he had ob-
tained the appointment under a false pretence, he trusted
tbat he bad been so long in that House, and his condlict
was so well known and appreciated by so many of the
Members, that it would be unnecessary for him
to repel an insinuation- of the kind—(Hear, hear).—
What possible object could he have in screening any
Honourable. Member .or subject which required inves-
tigation? 13n1 other occasions, more than twenty years
*gob-haired made* similar motion, and then nothing of
the kind was atternthed to be imputed to him ; at that
tint), a separate Repent was made as to the state of Pub-
lit Boildioge. . Since then, most certainly, the system
had been altered-a-wheiher for the better • he could not
taybnt at all events, as the subject related to the Board
of Works, a distinct Committee, perhaps, was the best

proses _
tos,tlc seqopintetthimoth nes were in coati
He crkold Dame several, the Custom House, (or instance
—indeed, the want of responsibility, and the want of
eontroul Over these works bad bees often'eowiplained of.
With respect to the Committee, the number wit IS, and
not 16 ; many of the Members did net belorig to the
Finance Committee; all that was directed to see was, that
the charges for the woritabad been properly applied.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT was desirous, as certain insinnat
tions had been made against his character as First Core-
missioner of Woods and Forests, that the mat minute
,inquiry should take place into his conduct. He had
not the most distant wish to shrink front inquiry. Tbil
,Right Hon. Gentleman said, he could not have received
(the appointment if he had not been.ready to meet any
,inquiry into his conduct. Twenty-one years ago, he
had, by the most honourable and industrious means,
acquired an income, arising from his own individual
exertions, fully equal to that which at present he enjoys'
by right of office. He accepted of the situation which
he now holds, in consequence of his attachment to his
Majesty's present Government, and he chelleoged.the
.Hon. Baronet to look narrowly into the whole of his

conduct Hear, hear !). • - -
Sir J.- YORKE was gleCto bear the Right Hon.
Gentleman was so anxious to meet inquiry, and he did
assure him, that if any thing dropped from his lips, it
was not intended as a reflection upon him nor any one
else. He could not, however, avoid•thinking it a little
singular, that when the Hon. Member for Dorsetshiie
stated the labours of the Finance Committee to be so
great, that six Members should be abducted or sub-
tracted from it. He wished to know how the Hon.
Member coold, get over that anomaly ? He was aware
that these buildings,were the hobby of his Hoe. Friend.
Mr. BA NKES, sen. said,* that the Honourable and
Galla. t Member was mistaken in his number—there
were only four Members abstracted from the Finance
Committee.
Mr. N. COLBORNE thought the subject of the in-
quiry was fitting; when he saw the encroachments which
had been made upon the Parks, and the number of
trees ready to be cut down, he thought it fair that an
inquiry should take place.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT said, the plans for the improve-
ment of the Parks came from the Treasury after he re-
signed. It was not, however, he understood, the inten-
tion of Government to cut down the trees—at least he
had desired Mr. Nash to state that fact, and he had also
given the same intimation—that such were his instruc
tions. It was not quite fair to talk of encroachments, for
the dead wall was certainly bid, and it was pro-
posed to cover it with shrubs. By the express command
of the King, a roast from Pimlico to Story's Gate had
been made for the accommodation of the public ; and that
the spot where the cattle grazed would be thrown open
to the public. The improvements in Hyde Park bad
also been made, with a view to the accommodation of
the public. ' When he (Mr. A.) went to take the King's
commands on the subject, his Majesty said—" it is my
desire that the public should have the whole open to
them." In fact, there was the greatest desire on the
part of the King and the Government, to give every ao-
commodatioo to the public. With respect to the site of
Carlton Palace, there was an intention to have a flight
of steps for the accommodation of foot passengers.
Mr. H ER RI ES confirmed the statement. of the Right
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Arbuthnot) and denied that there-
was any intention of defeating the objects for which the
Committee of Finance was appointed; such imputation
was groundless.
After some further observation from Mr. N. CALess: and
Mr. ARBUTHNOT,
Sir JAMES GRAHAM said, he never intended to
insinuate any thing disparaging to the character of the
Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Arbuthnot), for no
man could be more respected in private life. All that
be referred to related to official matters.—The Com-
mittee was then postponed till Wednesday (to-morrow).

he had merely stated, that as the interest of the
so very heavy, amounting to ne..rly $0 millions
annum, the remaining inquiry of the Committee
ild not amount to more than 19 or 20 millions..
.re was, however, !tile doubt that the Committee
)1d feailessly, justly, and impartially do their duty.
_...........iretr.r.erpleineet.. On the subject of life
annuities, he would throw ,oatearsgettertion for the
Finance Committee, and it the tables were
ilioa
wrong they ctrieeirected, and the public be er,•
abled, if the 'chose; bay life annuities. The better
way, however, would be, to ..produce the letter of Mr.
Finlainen,.cod *seethe Chairman of the Coenntitteein
bit place, he should ask him if be had any objection to
produce it ? . .
Mr. BARING acconated for the absence of the Chair.,
man of the toinance ,l on (Sir-H. Parnell) incest.
sequence of the extreme labour he underwent. For lbw
rest, he (Mr. Bating) never met a Committee room
unoninioncin their determioatien c 0 do their slaty.
Mr. HUME said, that although the ._Ministers Au.
elated the Sinking Fund to be 5.000,0001. per annul
there was positively not au apparent excess of more than
50,0004 and even if the income and .expendituse were
.properly examined, a deficit of three times that aim*
would be apparent. Unless there was a positive-excess
of revenue, this pretended Sinking .Fund ought not to
be kept up. The Hon. Membettherefore objected to the
appropriation of this money.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER re
marked, if this money *ere not paid into the Uscheque
the public would lose the interest of it.
Mr. HERMES. remarked, that the Hon. Membet
(Mr. Hume) was mistaken is his calculation. The
Estimates for the present year were 1;200,000t. lets
than last year, so that with that anti the surplus them
would be 3,000,0001. clear, to be applied to the Sinking
Fund.
Mr. HUME would not give the Government credit
for any reduction, unless he saw it. The Right Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Herries) bad talked of a surplus of
/3,000,0001. but out of these 3,000,000 i. the GOVeFOOltilt
borrowed 51,000,0001. to keep up the farce of the Sink-
ing Fund, which in his (Mr. Hume's) opinion ought to
be abolished.
Mr. HERRIES explained. Unless the Home were
determined not to receive the money, it must be as is-
come for the year, no matter to what purpose it might
be applied.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY admitted that those who tat
pn his side of the House had no reason to complain of
the manner in. which . the Finance Committee had been
eppointed More Members had been taken from such
side than from the Ministerial side of the House._
With respect to the question that had been much dis
cussed, he must protest against the continuation of the
Sinking Fund on its present principles. It had bees
maintained. particularly during the last two years, by
borrowed money ; for the income, within a fractioa,
had only met the expenditure, exclusive of such fund;
therefoie, the Sinking Fond must have been maintained
try borrowed money. The system was ruinous to the
country, and ought to be departed from in time—(Hear)
Iltooolution agreed to. Report tomorrow.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved
ihe;Order of the Day for receiving the Report on the,
Annuities Repeal Bill. •
Mr. CALCRAFT wished to ascertain in what gear.
ter blame was to be attributed for the losses which the
country had sustained by the 'operations of the Atm*.
ties Bill.
TheCH ANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thought
it would be better if the Honourable Gentleman had
waited until the Finance Committee could 1.. y beim.
the House the particulars of the losses which bad been
complained of.
_ _ _

Mr. CALCRAFT did not think the repeal of the Bill I
at all necessary; it would, in hiimind,aoswer the object
which the Committee had in contemplation, if the
operation of the Bill was suspended.
Mr. HERRIES said there had been no objection
made against the principle of the Bill. The detect, if
any, lay in the calculations on which annuities were
granted. He agreed with the Hon. Gentleman opposite
in the suggestion; that a suspension of the present Act
would answer the object of Parliament better than a
repeal. By such course, time would be given to prepare
another Act, founded upon better principles. He was
not at all satisfied that the country had sustained the
losses which had been stated. However. !halter or
not, the inquiry was necessary; but he, wished it to be
understood, that whether the House determined to
repeal or suspend the Act, it would be with a view
to the re-enactment of a Bill founded upon good
tables. With regard to the imputation of neglect
cast upon two Noble Lords (Bexley and Godersch)
he was bound to say that they were both entirely free
from blame. The letter of Mr. Finlaison, which was
said to have been addressed to Lord Bexley, was, in
fact, addressed to him (Mr. Herries) five years after the
Noble Lord had resigned the office of Chancellor of the
Exchequer, and Mr. Finlaison then said that his opinion
was founded on calculations which he had not then re-
duced to form. In fact, the tables which he had pro-
mised to produce had not been prepared up to the present
time—(Hear)—and the losses which appeared from his
statement were confined entirely to former annuities,
which were granted before the Funds had risen above
IKlc the point at which Government would be gainers
by the granting of annuities. With respect to Lord Gode-
rich and Mr. Canning, they had employed as many as
ten or twelve persons to investigate the subject, and they
could not, after inquiry, make up their minds that the
public had sustained any loss by the operations of these
annuities:
Lord ALTHORP said, that when, on a former oc-
casion, he had spoken on the subject, he temarked
that, in his opinion, there was much exaggeration in
the statements of losses to the public, arising out of
granting Life Annuities; but he must say, that from the
tables of Mr. Finlaison, it was quite evident that the
country had sustained great losses from the Annuities
which had been granted. As to the particular course
which the House might adopt, he did not think that
of much importance, provided the granting of further
Annuities were put a stop to until complete tables
should be formed.
Mr. HERRIES explained. He had alluded to the
letter of Mr. Finlaison, principally to do away with
the charge that persons in the Government had been
apprised that the public were sustaining losses to the
mo nt of 8,0001. a week, and yet took no means to
remedy the evil. Mr. Finlaison did not, in the Br
:nstance, say mote than that the tables were agai
Government, and it was naturally asked—where
,littjables?
Mr. Secretary HUSK ISSON said, that as he was
creary for the Treasury in 1809, when the measure
• convei ling permanent into terminable annuities was r
brought forward, the house would excuse him for
ing a few words upon the subject before it. At that t,
'it was thought highly desirable that them should
some means of enabling those, who by industry or of
weans, had obtained sufficient to purchase their life
, nuity, to do so with security to themselves. He re

:bad cootie ior,jivirin. His objects were tiro—,albatbasa Vat be bad merely staled, that as
tit la
P ieitiN.relitie4 tptbe pvblic ezpeisditpre.* c ported witbake ,seub so very heavy, amounting
sting .poislifitvg—. both propeffoeinggry, *d otyibt to ps' pal annum, the remaining inqui
tove,.. opeATufiler the coguizange oetya mend, it had would not amount to more than
Id be t‘ithillpse for tepeatett.comillai in Perl.io4lo).' There was, however, 1 tile dont
1 the i seamy public works had been beg n, and ientt u- .would listlessly, justly, and imp
'sling .penes incurred. and all -before_Paniamenr itzd-. tees-Mr:Litt.Mtrrerpixinect..
rhicis nsultscqopintptcboptotb *Erks were in contemplation, annuities, he would throw qat
e ' • .. IP: rnsnmittee. and it was

•
n t tecall to the .vemembrancp of the House the:
erolt:tudes who suffered from giving up .their little
capital upon an inadequate security—( Hear. hear).
'Die principle
acted upon was this, that the Go-
vernment should not make money,
as
was
done in
insurance offices, by ilie plan ; but that it should take
(bat medium course, which would . secure itself from
loss, and give the purchasers of: annuities a fair and just
return fbr their capital. The best information was
taken that mold be procured at the time, and if an
increase of knowledge derived from experience had
we that the calculations w incorrect, those wn
ala°dopted d
them could hardly beere censured—(Hear, hearh).
j4e could not help expressing his astonishment at hear-
ing it said that out of 600,0001. which was the average
sum that had been granted for annuities, the public
had sustained a loss of two-thirds, or 400,0001. Such
.a circumstance was altogether out of the question, and
be was convinced that some gross delusion prevailed
upon the subject. The truth was, that the purchasers
uf Government Life Annuities were heft r lives than a
general calculation would perhaps give. He said, re-
yodel the tables and amend the Bill, as might appear
secessary, but do not shut that door which has led to
:he assistance of that class of people who most need it.
And besides that consideration, he was of opinion, that
in a country with the immense debt this has, the system
of annuities was a most desirable one, and might with
advantage be extended.
Mr. BARING agreed with the Right Hon. Secre-
tary in thinking that the system of annuities was a most
desirable one, both for the annuitants and the Govern-
ment. The Honourable Gentleman then entered into
the question of Mr. Finlaison's calculations, and said
that Mr. Finlaison might have taken his calculations
home particular week, and therefore, if it appeared
that there was a certain number of annuities sold dur-
ing that week, at the loss of one year's purchase, it was
very easy to..understand how the report arose of a loss
of 8,0001. weekly.
Mr. HUME said,,he understood that Mr. Finlaison
gave credit, on both sides, for the interest. There cer-
taialy appeared to have been great remissness in some
quarter—he should not say where.
Mr. P. THOMPSON said, Mr. Finlaison's meaning
must have been that 8,0001. a•vreek capital was lost.—
It never could have been his meaning, as represented by
the Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Huskisson), that so
large a proportion as 400,0001. out of 600,0004 was a
dead loss to the public.
The amendments were agreed to, and the Bill ordered
to be read a third time to-morrow.
The Stamp Duties Bill went through a Committee.—Report to-
510ttOW.
