
a :h.
-~~

•

:;,

R~~

biked. If the bill were allowed to be read a second time, he would
iskre no objection, if it were sent to a committee, to see how far it
mould be framed so as to exempt all charitable institutions from
parish rates.
Mr. CALVERT said he had informed himself on the subject, and
be found that if there was not much excess of funds, they had been ex-
pearled in 'Nuking good property ; and that there was not more money
saved, must depend upon bad management. He had found that in one
ycar there had been a reversion of 14,0001. It was his practice with all
Seal bills to submit them to the opinion of the vestry clerk. He had
Mine so with this one, and he was in consequence prepared to oppose its
being passed The hospitals of St. Thomas and Guy's paid watching
and lighting rates.

Mr. Aldirman THOMSON made a few observation's. and—
Mr. CALVERT remarked, that the charity charged 361. a year fur
admission of a patient, and 9s. per week for a pauper patient. The
honourable mamba was determined to take the sense of the house on
the subject.
Mr. Alderman WINCHESTER supported the bill.
Sir R. WILSON, by the instruction of his constituents, opposed the
bill, as being unjust in its principle, and as having been introduced at
a very unseasonable time.
Mr. WILES thought that it was sufficient if the institution was
exempted from poor rates, but it ought to be held liable for watching
sad fighting rates.
Mr. M. W. RIDLEY said, that the hospital ought not to be taxed
with rates.
Mr.MABERLY said that the question before the House was to re.
lieve the institution of Bethlehem Hospital from the burden of rates ;
but he would ask to whom they were to be transferred—whether they
were to be made general, or to fall upon the rest of the individual perish
of 4.3 t. George ? He would oppose the Bill being patted in its prescnt
state.
Several Members spoke ; after which Mr. Alderman Thompson re .
plied, and the House divided, when there were—
Ayes
Noes

Majority against the second reading... 29
The Marquis of CH ANDOS moved the second reading of the Game
Law Bill.
Mr. FYLER said be thought the Noble Lad would never go the
length he would wish. He hoped to see the day when Game Law of-
fences would be made cognisable by a Magistrate, and subject to fine
and imprisonment. The present system of qualification was most ab.
surd, depriving, as it did, the occupier, when not the proprietor, of
the land, of the tight of sporting upon his grounds. The present sys-
tem led to crime. It was not necessary for the preservation of game,
which might be preserved by the same means as all other property. If
no one else did, he should certainly, after Christmas, move fora repeal
of the whole of the present system.
Colonel WOOD said that if the hon. member had read the bill, he
would have found that a great deal of what he wished was aheady se.
cured. He wished that a great deal of the detail in the bill should be
done away with; also that the Game Laws should be made applicable
to all ranks, to the rich as well as to the poor. He should support the
second reading.
Mr. CURTEIS would give his cordial assent to the bill.
Mr. FYLER explained.
Lord J. RUSSELL said that the bill was a great improvement on
the present blameable state of the Game Laws; and might reach the
desired degree of simplicity and justice,with the amendments in the eon.
mime. There was no necessity for government taking the subject up,
as it could not be in better hands than It was at present.
Mr. WARBURTON said, that although not approving of all the
articles of the present bill, be thought it was the bounden duty of Go.
vemment to support It. The present system somewhat resembled the
prohibitions in a certain island of the Pacific, where the killing of rats
was forbidden to all men, except to those descended from the gods or
from the kings, though it was lawful for every one to eat them.
Lord ALTHORP said Government would be happy to support the
bill, and he hoped that It would come out of the committee so amended
as to be an entirely satisfactory substitute for the present system, by
which the most active and intelligent countrymen were often brought
into contact with the worst of criminals.
Mr. TENNANT said that the game laws were* remnant of ancient
barbarism and tyranny. It had been unfairly objected to an bon. mem.
bee that he had not read the bill; he himself had not read it; he
should not waste his time in doing so ; it was so humble a boon that
he refused it. He should move that the bill be read that day six months.
Mr. WARBURTON explained.
Mr. DUNCOhIBE animadverted on the hon, member's opposing a
bill which he had not even read.
The hon. member rose to make some observations, but was met with
the cry of Spoke.'
Mr. WOOD observed, that as the bill was an improvement it should
not be opposed The great amendment it should undergo was, that the
game, however small the land, should belong to the occupier.
Mr. WYSE hoped that the game laws would be altered in Ireland
libewise.

The Marquis of CHANDOS could assure the house that be had no
object of his own in bringing forward the bill. It was rather hard to
say, that the bill was an incentive to alms, His object was to doaway
with crime. lie should support any amendment which was not con•
trary to the principle of the bill.
Mr. FYLER, in explanation, said that he had never meant to say
that the Bill was an incentive to crime ; but that the game laws, as
now existing, were.
After a few words from another Member the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. O'CONNOR DON expressed himself contrary to the present
system of game laws.
The Bill was then read a second time.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said. in answer to a question put
the preceding evening, that the Courts of Session would be held next
year in the way decided by the Bill of last Session.
Anti-slavery petitions were presented from Canterbury, Melton.
Mowbray, York,.and several other places.
Mr. WOOD moved for a return of the quantity of foreign and co-
lonial wheat imported in the years of 1828 and 112111, with the Plus of
duties in each week ; also for a return of Irish wheat imported.
After a few wads from Mr. Cuarats and Mr. Rosmvsx, the re.
turns were ordered.
Mr. HODGES presented a petition from a parish in Lancashire,
praying for a reform in Parliament.
Sir H. PARNELL gave notice of a motion on the 17th of February,
on the subject of the public accounts; also a motion on the 10th of
March, on the management of the public money expenditure.
A petition was presented from the Roman Catholics of Mayo, pray.
irg for ameliorations in the education of the poor.
Mr. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from Edinburgh, praying
for reform in Parliament.
Mr. 8. LUbILEY presented a petition for reform, vote by ballot
abolition of negro slavery, free trade to China, and a thorough reform
all abuses in church and state. (Much laughter.) Ordered to be printed,
Mr. D. W. HARVEY gave notice, that on Thursday he should
move for accounts from the returning officers of cities and boroughs, of
the number of inhabitants, voters, &c.
Mr. & RICE moved for the Report of the Colonial Commissioners,
of the receipts and expenditure of the colonies. They were ready for
delivery.—Agreed to. Papers afterwards presented, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. 8. RICE brought in the Land-tax Commissioners Bill..—Read a
find time.
Adjourned at Ten o'clock.

The Derby Post-office letter-box was blown up on Satur-
day week, by some mischievous rascal putting a quantity of powder
into the box, with touch-paper attached.

On the 18th ult. Mr. James Macdonald, Preacher of the
Gospel. was ordained assistant and successor to his father. the Rev. D.
lilacdonald, Minister of Urray, when the Rev. C. Downie preached.
T. Rogers, landlord of the Bull's Head, Tooley-street,
was fined 200 L on Saturday, by the Board of Radar. for using del..
terious ingredients in mixing been—Mr. Wilson, of the Goat, Tab-
street, Leather.lane, Iool.—and J. Nayney, of the White Hart and
Fountain, Rosemary.lanc, 201. for similar offences.
By an Admiralty memorandum of the 27th ult. it is
directed that Flag Officers only ate to wear gold lace on their trousers,
as prior to the order of the 10th July, 1830.
The accounts received from Winchester and Salisbury
state, that the disturbances had wholly ceased in Hants and Wiltshire.
The ringleaders in most of the late outrages have been arrested, and
the labourers who had been pressed into a participation in them have
geserally been discharged by the Magistrates on their own recog.
of:maces.

H, C. Strode, Esq of West Cranmore, Somerset, at his
late it, allowed 25 per cent. to his tenantry.
Tuesday the Michaelmas audit of the Earl of Chesterfield
was held at the Chesterfield Arms Inn at Bingham, Notts, when his
Steward, Thomas Hassel, Esq by his Lordship's direction, rettuned 14
pot cent. from the rents received of his numerous tenantry in that town
sad neighbourhood.
Mr. Calvert, the new Member for Southwark, has given
1001. to the poor residents of each of the live parishes in the Borough,
in lieu of the expense of chairing.
At the suggestion of Lord Hill, subsequent to his recent
yea to the city of Chester, on his tour of inspection, all the south wing
of the Castle, affrod to * Sages' lodgings Moro' !snacks,
Ike. is to be palW down, and Bursas, capable of containing from
1,200 to I" men, as, to be built en its site.

~~
