FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 19.20.

GENERAL ELECTION.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT LIVERY

OP LONDON.
CINTLEMEN,
IF anything could add to the strong feelings of
gratification with which I accepted the invitation of my
fellow-citizens to become a Candidate teßepresent the City
of London, it would be the flattering success which has attended
the Canvass of my active and zealous Friends, and which in.
spires me with confidence that you will attend and support my
nomination at Guildhall, on TUESDAY NEXT, and even-
tually replace me in the distinguished staticn of your Represen-
tative, which I held in six successive Parliaments.

Should I have the honour of being elected, I pledge Myself
to discharge.the anxious and arduous duties of that important
office, with the same faithful zeal, industry, and independence,
which acquired and retained your confidence during twenty-
seven years of the most eventful period of the histo►y of Ity
Country. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your devoted and faithful servant,
London Tavern, March 2, 1820. WM. CURTIS.
The Comrr.ittee for conducting the Election beg leave to
express their warmest acknowledgments to the Livery fur the

very great success which has attended their Canvass on the part
of Sir Curtis. They suet daily at the above place,
wbcre all. Communications respecting the Flecticn are re-
quested to be addressed. And, in conseqnence •f the Misre-
presentations which have been circulated, they feel it incumbent
upon them publicly to declare, th..t their Canvass is neither
in conjunction with, nor in opposition to. any other Candidate.

To THE GENTLEMEN, CLERG Y, AN)) FREEHOLDERS,

or TUE COUNTY or MIDDLESEX.

IN consequence of the death of our late beloved
Sovereign, a Dissolution of Parliament has taken place. It
is not for me to judge whether I have performed my duty in
the last four Parliaments that I have bad the honour of repre-
senting you, but for you to decide whether I have executed the
trust reposed in me so as to deserve your approbation. I hope,
however, my att:.-ntion to the local interests of the Count), as
well as to the public welfare, •has not been defective. From
the very great assurances of suiport I have received, I venture
to offer myself as Candidate to represent you in the next Par-
liament; assuring you, th.it if I am replaced in that high situa-
tion, it shalt be my cow,tant study to fulfil, diligently and faith-
fully, the great trust confided to my care, to your sathfaction,
and with honour to him who subscribes himself,
Your obliged and faithful humble servant,
WILLIAM MELLISH.

Bush-Hill Park, March 1,18 CO.
The Committee for conducting Mr. Meilisies Election will
sit daily, at his House, 11e, Bishopsgate.areet Withln.

This day was published,
Price 7s. boards, the Fourth Edition of

FAMILY
PRAYERS : composed principally in
F Expressions taken from the Holy Scriptures, and from the
raWabllshed Services of the Church of England.
.By the Rev. THOMAS COTTERILL,
Perpetual Curate of St. Paul's Church, Sheffield ; and late
Fellow of St. John's Calege, Cambridge.
Printed for T. Cada and W. Davies Strand ; and sold also
by llatchard, Piccadilly ; and Seeley, Fleet-street.
Of whom may be had, by the same Author,
1. An Assize Sermon, preached at Stafford, March 15, 1816 ;
price Is. 6d.
2. A Sermon preached at Stafford, Tune 3, 1814, at the Vi-
sitation of the Rey. It. Nares, M.A. Archdeacon of Stafford.
Second Edition, price Is. 6d.

DINNER TO MR. 11013110 USE, ON lIIS LIBE-
RATION FROM IMPRISONMENT.
—•
A Meeting of the Friends of Parliamentary Re-
form, the Trial by Jury, and the Liberty of the Press,
was yesterday held at the Crown and Anchor Ta
vern, in the Strand, in order to congratulate Mr.
HOEHOUSE upon his liberation' from confinement on
a mandate of the House of Commons. The applause
which the company conferred upon Sir FRANCIS
BURDETT and Mr. llosHouse, on their first arrival
at the Meeting, was immense.
The Dinner was provided for 350 persons ; but
more than 450 attended •it. The company was of
the most respectable description, and superior tt.
those who usually attend dinners of this description.
At five o'clock, Sir FRANCIS BunnErr and Mr. Ma-
UOUS E, who seemed to have suffered from his recent
imprisonment, entered the room.

The first toast after dinner was, " The People, the
only free source of legitimate power." It was drank
amidst loud applause, and with three times three.—
Song, "Britons, strike home . Toast, " The King ;
may lie always remember the principles which caused
his family to be seated on the Throne of Great Bri-
tain ;" three times three. Song, " Rule, Britannia!"
Toast, " The only remedy tor all our grievances—a
thorough Reform of Parliament"—(Long, loud, and
continued cheers for lame minutes).—Song, " Kick the
Rogues out"—(Loud cheering).—Sir FRANCIS BUR-
DE TT took the Chair.

Sir FaAscts ilvaorrT then rose, and said, that
the toast which he was about to give, precluded the
necessity of saying a single word upon it ; it spoke
sufficiently for itself. After what he had mentioned,
the Electors of Westminster could have no doubt but
that he was going to give the health of John Cam
lioblionse, Esq. May he, by the unbought and
unbiassed Suffrages of the Electors of Westminster,
soon be enabled- to be placed face to face with his
prosecutors."
Mr. Iloonouse then rose, amid waving ofhandker-
chiefs and the loudest cheers. lie returned them
many thanks for the honour which they had that
day conferred upon him, and said, that when Go-
vernment was at valiance with the best interests arid
wishes of the People, it was only natural that those
who suffered punishment should enjoy the confidence
of the people more than those who inflicted it—
(Chee,.s). It was an old maxim of law, which had
often b.eu acted upon in this country, and which it
had been n:sel'ved to times like these to violate,
that there was no wrong without a remedy (Cheers).
In his own case he could say that this maxim had
been verified; for, though by recent practice, those
who were called his prosecutors, btu who ought

rather to be called the national prosecutors, had
placed him out of the pale of the Constitution; and,
when he Applied for justice, had prevented him from
finding any remedy—still the practice of the people
of England was true to their principle. In this
Meeting he found his remedy for all the sufferings
which he had endured. He found it with them-=the
people of England ; he found it with them—an as-
sembly met spontaneously to give their verdict where
the Judges had not dared to give airy ; and where
those whose misgovernment had been the occasion
of every evil which Englishmen now suffered, had
exerted all their powers to prevent the giving of a
verdict (Loud cheers). As long as there was this
remedy, as long as there was this resort from injus-
tice in the hands of the sufferer, there was nothing
for the people of England to fear. They would al-
ways have champions to fight their battles; so long
as those champions could come to the people for,
their best and their most lasting reward. It was the
saying of an individual, who was a great man in his
'day (he meant the Lord Keeper Finch), that althotigh
the Romans, although the Danes, although the Nor-
mans, had conquered the land of England, they never
had, nor they never could, conquer the free institu-
tions and the free laws which belonged to it. The
country might think that this conquest, which had
never been accomplished by those who v ere the most
polished, and therefore the most dangerous con-
querors of their day, nor by those who were the most
barbarous and inhuman of mankind, had been re-
served for a certain set of adventurers of the present
day. He trusted that it would be found, that, in
spite of all the triumphs which they had achieved,
this triumph was not one reserved for them. What!
was it possible that a gang of individual eaves-drop-
, pers, spree, men-without character, men whb could
only command respect by means of corruption, of
which they were masters—was it possible.' these men
should put down what no sword, what no trick, what
no aitifice, what not even the lapse of all-devouring
time itself had yet been able to destroy? (Loud cheers).
Gou forbid that such should ever be the case. Such
a victory was never reserved for them. Englishmen
were not destined to fall by such hands; for even an
assembly met as they were at present, to protest
against the acts of tyranny which had been commit-
ted, was sufficient to shew that the People of Eng-
land were not thus to be subdued. He had no hesi-
tation in repeating, that by open force they never
could be subdued, though an open attempt thus to
subdue them had recently been made in the North—
(Loud cheering). What they hail to guard against',
"was fraud. Those who were in power were certain
co exert their own bad passions in order to being into
play, and in order to play upon, the good. passions
of their adversaries. Of this there was a recent in-
stance in the atrocious event which had just oc-
curred ;'an event too which had truly alarmed the
friends of liberty, but of which Ministers had taken
advantage by making the Sovereign deliver a verdict
from the Throne, even while some of the deluded
persons in that transaction were awaiting a trial at
law, and surely it was not too much to reprobate
such conduct in making the seat of mercy to become
a place whence such a verdict issued, as would hang
over the heads of these persons when they went to
trial before a Jury. Now the country had a breathing
time at last, as Parliament had expire/ Often as
the People had heard of bad Parliaments (and, in-
deed, there were few of any other kind since the Re-
volution), yet this was the worst ever seen, for in the
short space of five weeks, it had done every thing
which the most devoted friend of slavery could wish
to see done. He could not, however, help congra-
tulating them on the confession which the Whig..
had at last made, of their deep conviction that a sub-
stantial Reform was the most indispensible remedy
for all existing evils. This has been declared by the
Whigs, at Newcastle, York, Bristol, Norwich, mac.
and though he felt praise,ought to be given to them
for this, yet still he considered they had only de-
dared themselves so because the People were friends.
of Reform : and but for this being the case, we never
should have hoard one word from them on the sub-
ject. The speaker then commented on the definition
given, last Session, by Mr. Canning, of what were
the People ; and observed, that had he had the ho-
nour of a seat in the House, he would have told the
Right Hoa. Gentleman, that it was no wonder the
People were se unfledged a bird as he represented
them, for that he and hit colleagues had assisted in
plucking it ; and that the beauteous plumage it pos-
sessed had been torn off by the band of ruthless ad-
venturers, who were traffickers in feathers. After some
observations on the subject for which he was com-
mitted, and a humourous comment on the conduct
of the Yorkshire Member (Mr. Stuart Wortley), Mr.
Hobhouse concluded, with assuring the Meeting of
his earnest wish to devote himself to their service, in
whatever situation he might be placed—(Applause).,

The next toast was—" Thenuly remaining security
of English Liberty—:Trial by. Jury." Tune—Old
England, to thyself be true.
A Mr. MURPHY sung an excellent song composed
for the occasion, relative to the ensuisg Election, to
the tune of Scots tan ha'e. He su►tg it in admirable
style, and was elected.
" Sir F. Burdett, our incorprarable advocate ; may
a British Jury vindicate his noble address on the
Manchester Massacre." Tune—While happy in sty
native lead.
Sir INA ACIS then came forward amidst the loud-
est cheering, which. confirmed for several minutes.—
As soon as silence was obtained, he spoke as follows:
"Gentlemen—Gratifying as it is to me, on any oc-
casion, t 9 meet albody of my countrymen, and par-
ticularly a body of the Elector, of Westminster, with
whom I am snore inunediately acquainted, yet I
must confess that I never felt more pleasure in my
life than I feel at this moment in addressing. so nu-
merous and respectable a body of Englishmen.—
Indeed,Gentlemen. I consiJer the presence
.of such
an usembly, tinder the circumstances which hare

PRICE SEVEN-PENCE.

brought us together, as a harbinger to that triumph
of liberty, the struggle for which will very soon tal II
place, and which, though we hive been lately de-
feated, will, I have no doubt, be effected ; particularly
I when I consider that we now come forward with
many advantages which we could not expect upon
i the recent occasion ; and as we shall be unhampered
by all those difficulties which we had to encounte-)
and which it was impossible to provide against.—
Gentlemen, I repeat that I hail this Meet as an
omen of the result of that struggle in which we are
about to engage. We have now in our favour a
greater—l might rather say, the greatest of" all ad-
vantages—namely, a still further acquaintance with
the character and abilities of the Gentleman whom you
have proposed to be my colleague in the Representa-
tion of the great City of Westminster (Loud ',placate).
If Mr. Hobiaouse merited the independent support of
the Electors of Westminster upon the late Election,
and that he did so was testified in the number and
character of those who supported him, we can row*
have little doubt of his success, provided that i the
Electors of that City.think with me, as I am surd
they must, that character and abilities are essential
to the cause of Reform. Gentlemen, after you have
been so ably and eloquently addressed by Mr. Hob-
house, and seeing that he has scarcely left a single
topic untouched by his masterly hand, I am deterred
almost from noticing any subject upon which he has
entertained you, lest I should detract from the beauty
and merit which, through his assistance, it has at-
tained in your eyes. But, Gentlemen, besides the
"advantages I have noticed already under which we
come forth in the glorious struggle, there is an achti-
tional subject for congratulation, in the csintraq
which Mr. Hohhouse's character furnishes to the
'mere blank which his opponent presents before the
Public. You will please to recollect that we have
not up to this hour been able to get a declaration
from Mr. Lamb upon any single public question in
which you are interested ; and in truth, Gentlemen, i
think that in so withholding any declaration, that Gen-
tleman has treated you in a manner that san scarcely
be justified towards the Electors of some rotten Cor-
nish Borough. Gentlemen, in looking over the Morn.
ing Papers of this morning, I find the following Ad-
vertisement inserted in one of them, which I sh.ta.
beg leave to read to you :
' INFLUENCE.—Any Gentleman desirous of a SEAT in
a certain ASSKMBLY, may acconsplish his object by addressing
G. G. post-paid, No. 37, Tavistock-street, artent-garden.--1114
personal application can be received is the first instance.'

—Now, Gentlemen, with all respect, I should btg
leave to recommend Mr. George Lamb's immediate
attention to this advertisement—(Laughter and qp-
plause).—And I humbly think, that if he were to
apply, at No. 37, Tavistock-street, Covent:garden, be
would have a much better chanceof Obtaining a seat
in a certain Assembly than he possibly can have front
the Electors of Westminster. There is one topic'
which I am anxious to recal to your consideration,
and which I am certain would have received the
amplest justice from the eloquence of Mr. Hobhottse,
if 'his attention to the multiplicity of subjects, with
which he had delighted-you, would have ?ermines'
it. The topic to which 1 allude, is -one upon whiCh
I have to congratulate you and the Public at large,
namely, the progress of the spirit of Reform. Gen-
tlemen, we now find that a thirst for Reform is no
longer confined to Westminster, or to Liverpool, or
to Bristol—nay, it is not confined to England itself,
but we trace it making its irresistible march through
the civilized world, and it is .with delight I add,
that nowhere does it make a more vigorous and in-
telligent progress than in the kingdom of Scotland.
Reform, Gentlemen, has been introduced into the
capital of that kingdom by a great pubi luminary
of this country—a man whose public life and ser-
vices should never be forgotten, however it might
happen that in some part of his conduct we might
be able to detect acts which to us appeared to be in-
consistent with the 'setter part of his life--I moat
Lord Erskine—(Applause for several minutes).—
Yes, Gentlemen, we find, at a public dinner just
given to that great man in his native city of Edin-
burgh—we find him the same Erskine—for I will
not n,ix him with the herd of common Lords—to
our great delight, we find that the Erskine of. 1820
is the same Erskine that flourished (n 1783—(Ap-
p!astae).—h is gratifying—truly gratifying, to see
the s:une brilliancy which attended his ascendance,
also accompany his decline, and that his star sets in
as great glory as it rose. Faults, it is true, niav he
found, and have been found with the Noble
and what public man is there who can save himself
at all times from reproach ? but we should remember,
that all these little alienations—these ebullitions oi
anxious minds, are like lovers' quarrels, du ting w hick
both of the pirties are equally dispiLed to reconcilia-
tion—(Applause).—But, Gentlemeu, I see the N Wks
Lord speaking in a tone which does him indeed infi-
nite honour, and, Gentlemen, I am struck with the
depressed state of the Press in this country, when it
appears that the public Papers are afraid of putting
forward the 'language which the Noble Lord--a
Constitutional Judge of the kingdom—thought fit to
pronounce. In the speech to which I have alluded,
Lord Erskine has declared, that the grievances which
the People now suffer, are not only widely extended,
bat that even the discontent which they provoke is
not at all proportioned to them. He further says—
and, Gentlemen, you are to recollect that I am not
now noticing the speculations of a young n.ait just
starting into life, . but that I am quoting to you the
grave and deliberate opinions of one; who, although
he had attained a period of life at which .few of us
can, indeed, hope to arrive, yet, I thank Goo, stilt
retains all that vigour and fieshness ot. his faculties
which have been usually thought consistent only with
a state of youth. Ye., Gentlemen, this peat man
tells us that all our gliev.inces and widely-estende4
sufferings admit but of one remedy-.-a real,
su.stars-
dal. Representation of the People in Parliament--:
(Loud epplaape.) thq Noble Lurd.further tells us, ia
that eloquent 9ow so peculiarly his owu--of tigurue
