PRIVATZ LETTER.

"I_ MADRID, JULY 31.

" I think there is some chance of matters being ar-
ranged between the Duke d'Angouleme and the peo-
ple of Cadiz. 1 have reason to know that there is a
disposition to accommodation on both sides.
" The arrests here continue : a greater number
were taken up last night than for many days pre-
ceding. I am credibly informed, that during the
present month of July upwards of 700 respectable
persons have been imprisoned in the prisons de la
Corte and de la Corona. No reason is assigned. It
would seem the Superintendant-General of Police (a
new branch of Administration in Madrid, introduced
by the French), thinks he has no other duty to per-
form ; probably the extortion of money may be the
secret object, as the new men in office are extremely
needy. The unfortunates deprived of their liberty
are all persons of good circumstances, and many
very rick.—lt is reported, but I do not know how
exactly, that the French lost 700 men in their late
attempts on Corunna."

Tire following is an extract of a letter from a
young Gentleman, a native of Glasgow, one of Sir
Robert Wilson's companions in arms :
" vie°, amen 2, 1823.
44 I left this place about the Ist July, along with
Sir. Robert, and arrived in Corunna after a pleasant
journey of five days. When I had been there a week
I attached myself, along with Lieutenant Wilkinson
and Captain Mathews, to the Foreign Legion forming
there, commanded by a French Count. We were
under arms all night of the 12th, expecting every
moment to receive orders for marching next day.
Sir Robert received the decree of the Cortes appoint-
ing him Lieut.. General of the Province, and giving
him power to raise a foreign corps of 10,000 men.
He immediately sent for us three, and told us he
would commission us to raise men, and that he had
hired a vessel for us—Mathews to England, Wilkin-
son to Ireland, and lin Scotland. We were to draw
upon the London Committee for the expense. How-
ever, in the afternoon; he changed his mind, as he
was afraid the Committee would not Fray the ex-
penses. Wilkinson was, however, sent to Ireland,
where, I wish to GOD he may succeed in getting men.
Captain Mathews and I were just sat Sovin to din-
ner after seeing him set out, when we were roused by
the fire of musketry outside the town. I caught hold•
of a sword which was in the house, and went out
with the intention of informing Sir Robert, but I met
him galloping to the field, whither I followed him.
He was the first General Officer in the field of action.
—General Quiroga and the Governor soon followed.
Mathews and I placed ourselves at the head of the
Foreign Legion, which was just marching on the field
when we go,t there. The enemy in the first place
attacked the outposts, drove them in, and then at-
tempted to gain possession of the heights, which
they did, after a severe conflict well maintained
by the Spaniards. The enemy was four times our
number, so it was impossible to keep our ground.
—The Corunna volunteers fought well. The enemy
lost 700 men, killed and wounded ; and we lost 100,
killed and wounded. Amongst our killed. was a
Spanish Officer, a brave man. Colonel Light, who
came from England with Sir Robert Wilson, was
commanding the advanced troop of the Spaniards,
encouraging them by his brave conduct ; but at length
was obliged to retreat; and when endeavouring to
get his horse within the gates a musket-ball went
through his right thigh; he fell just at my side. I
carried him off the field to the Consul's house, where
I got a surgeon for him. I was just returning back
to the field, when I met them carrying Sir Robert
Wilson off also. He was wounded in the left thigh.
He shut the gates against the enemy himself.
" The inhabitants were in a deplorable state about
him, crying Oh, the Angel; the Angel, our saviour,
is killed. He, however, was shouting Five la Li-
berty 1' His wound is not half so bad as Colonel
Light's. The latter has been in forty-five actions, and
never was wounded till now. I was at the outworks
the test of that day and the nest.
" The enemy are erecting batteries on the heights,
but have not fired a great gun into.the town. The
enemy's sharpshooters keep still firing into batteries
and outworks, which we always repay with interest.
A party of our soldiers made a sortie, two nights
before I came away, burned the houses the enemy
were in, went into the gardens and brought so many
vegetables into the town, that a basket full was selling
for one halfpenny ; next day Sir Robert embarked
for Vigo, on the 21st. He requested I would go along
with him. We were in Vigo in 22 hours, after sailing
160 miles. We could not take poor Light, be was
so ill with his wound."

Accounts from Cassel say that the Elector of Hesse,
on his return to his capital, ordered Mr. Van Manger,
Director-General of the Police, to use all diligence to
discover the autbors of a conspiracy supposed to be
formed against this Prince. The only proofs of nlch
,an infernal plot, seem to be hitherto some anonymous
letters which were written to him when he was at
Neundorff. These letters are full of the most dreadful
menaces, and predict to the Prince that he will not
live long if he does not change his conduct.
The Niremberg Gaulle contains the following ar-
ticle on the subject:
" CA BULL (HEss!), JOLT 31.7—The Author or Editor
of the work which menaced our Sovereign with as-.

LONDON.

~..._.._

FRIDAY, AUGUST IS. 1323.
THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols opened this morning at NI, I, and went up to at
which price they remain up to this hour.

FOREIGN FUNDS.

Spanish opened at 341,1,i t New Prussian 80, 1; Russian•
85f, I; Colombian 651; French Scrip 2i. This is settling-day
in all Foreign Securities.

ONE O'CLOCK.
An Express from Paris brings the French Funds of Wednes-
day, at 93f. 30c. Spanish Boads were at 42 41}. French Scrip
at 3 to 3i premium. The rise in the French Funds is attributed
to an increased confidence in negotiations being opened for
speedily terminating the war. _ _

. . _
Stock in our Market has risen, particularly Spanish Bonds,
which are now at 35. -

PRICE OF STOCKS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 225 224%
3 per Cent. Reducel 83 2/4. 82% 83
3 per Ct. Cons. 82Y4 1,4 Vs 34-334 per Cts. 95%8
4 per Cents. Old 100% % 100
4 per,Cent. New 1011. 1,4 1/8 9/8
Bank Long Anns. 21 S-16 5-16
Imperial S per Cents. 82
India Stock 260%—India Bonds 565. 575.
Exchequer Bills (1:1,0(70) 28s. 31s. 28s.
Ditto Small 335. 295. 325.
Consols for Account 132 A 34 34.

This morning wereceived tbe Moniteur of Tuesday,
but it contains no intelligence that has not already
been anticipated by previous,,arrivals. In its Official
part it gives the Dispatch of of arshal MONCET re-
lative to the movements of General Cultist, which
we gave yesterday. It also inserts a list of the Offi-
cers, and even the private soldiers, who distinguished
themselves, when the garrison of Barcelona made the
sortie on the 30th ult.

Brussels Papers to the 12th instant, and German
Papers of a recent date, have reached us. They are
principally occupied with details of the operations of
the Greeks, and plans for the new campaign, which
,threatens to open with more activity than ever.
The Oriental Spectator of the 27th June, says, it
always thought- the Only goOdjain was litif to attack
any of the islands, but to'go,direct to the object, to
combat and vanquish the revolution at its source. It
entirely depends on the fate of the Mores. "
there," says the Turkish Journal, " that the hydra
is. Let the' Ottoman Hercules triumph over it, and
the islands are but so many polypuses, which will
putrify and fall off. Every island that is attacked
will be destroyed like Scio: they will therefore be
like so many trees cut down to the root, which will
produce no more fruits for the empire."
The Austrian Observer of the lit instant con-
tains the following intelligence from Constanti•
nople to the 11th July. The Captain Pacha, with
the greater part of his fleet, had arrived in the Gulf
of Lepanto, after providing the fortresses of Negro-
pont, Canea in Candia, Modon, and Coron, with pro-
iisions: he has blockaded Missolonghi by sea; and it
is said, that JUSSUE PACHA and OMen BRUME will
attack it by land. The country about the Gulf of
Volo and the island of Negropont, appears to have
been lately the scene of a very bloody re-action on the
part of the Turks; who, it is said, bad been for a time
oppressed and ill-treated.
Similar events have been caused by a landing of
the insurgent Greeks on the coast of Asia, and this t
a part which had hitherto been spared the horrors of
this barbarous war. Fifteen Ipsariot armed vessels,
accompanied by above one hundred barks, appeared
in the bay of Airamit end Sandarly, landed some
thouiand men near the latter place, plundered the
town, murdered the greater part of the itthabitantsr
and carried a great number of them into: slavery—
amongst the number was the Harem of CARA-
OSMAN OGLU, the Chief:F; a powerful family
which, for about 50 years, has etelcised inthis part
of Asia a sovereignty almost independent of the
Porte. After this they plunderestand.burnt all the
villages and farms in the neighboOrhOod, and after a
short action with sortie troops that were sent against
them too late, and in which they lost about SQ men,
returned to their shipeladen with booty.
pected an attack filled the whole country With-terror,
then with boundless rage. '
The consequence was, that in the town of Pergamo,l
which is not far from SandarlY, the Tarkish inhsibi-
tants, united with some Turkish soldiers, fell on the
treek population, and, notwithstanding.all the exer-
tions of the Cadi, a venerable•old man, who is said
to have received eighteen wounds on this occasion, a
dreadful massacre took place, in which. about 1000
were killed. " '"
When thiisiteeisentiirai feceived at Conitantisoplei,
the Suvrai *demi linautsi cOni-
mands the .troops on the Bosphorastientuidiately to
Pr s.
send .a large dekachosent to., PPP% 44p4d-tnpunish
with the utmost rigour the authors of singui-

nary scenes, which he considered to be neither j•t;ti-
•h uor excused by the preceding excessei of the
itnergents. Two thousand men m,►rched in- come-
qneace of this order, and IBRAHIM PACIIA followed
'them two days after.

Stull is the statement,in the Austrian Obwrrer._
The .Al!genuine Zeitung gives news-from Coustavi-
nople of the same date, in which If4a-stated tat
Canttt.NltSzLßODE's answer to the Refs Ermor
bad been received, and that it was bOped the former
relations with Russia would be restored.
The same Paper gives a still more gloomy picture
of the events on the coast of Asia than even the
ration of the Austrian Observer :- • " The Greeks:,
it says, a, having rejected all proposals, the war as-
sumes a fatal character of extermination, which must
be more and more destructive to the Greeks. It
seems as if their main object was, by their landings
on the coast of Asia, to incre the number of the
unhappy victims of their fanaticism, as they thus in.
flame the vengeance of the Musselmen ; so that all
the Greeks have no resource but to embrace one of
the two parties."
Relating the events at Sandarly, it says, the Greeks
proceeded in the same manner at Mnylene. The
Turks in revenge destroyed all the Greek cotton plan.
-tations at Kirkagaz. In Negropont, all the open
country has been laid waste by the Turks. The ac-
counts from .Salonichi are equally afflicting. As-
DALLAHPACHA had sentl2,ooo men to the gu if of Vol o,
to quell the insurrection that had broken out there.
—The insurgents fled to Trikeri, but the Turks laid
waste twenty-four of the Greek villages; bn which
occasion, according to the Spectateur Oriental of
July 4, 8,000 Greeks perished. The women and
children were carried into slavery-. Further ac-
counts from the Morea and Negropont are expected
with impatience. It is affirmed that the Pacha of
Adrianople, as well as the Pacha of Scutari, is at La-
rissa, and the Thermopylae in their possession.—So
far the AUgemeine Zeitung.

We are glad to observe that the memory of the
Ktrio's visit to Scotland, of which this day is the
Anniversary, is so warmly cherished by its inhabit-
ants. The Gentlemen of Dumfries-shire and Gallo-
way have formed themselves into a Society, under
the name of thew Southern Welcome Club," for the
purpose of annually commemorating the happy event;
and we understand that similar Clubs have been
formed, or are forming, all over the country. In
another part of our Paper we republish a poetical
yet accurate description of the joy and enthusiasm
with which his MAJESTY was welcomed.tortlie Land
of Cakes. •

-In these grave times we are so glad to get hold of
a good joke, that we have given at some length, an
account of a Meeting which might have *beep discussed
in a few lines. We allude to the Meeting convened
by Mrs. SERRES, or her friends, yesterday, at the
Freemasons Tavern. After the very satisfactory te-
futation of the claims of this Lady to an alliance with
the Royal Family of England, by Mr. Pen in the
House of Commons, it betrays no ordinary degreeof
assurance on her part to re-assert those claims, or of
credulity in others to believe in them—if any person
(Sir GERARD NOEL excepted) can for a moment
believe in them.

If Mrs. Swiss had been a woman or spotless
character, instead of a known promulgator of spurious
documents, she might have been entitled to some al..
tendon ; but as it is, she ought to be treated with no
more delicacy than any other dealer in impostures.
When Sir Gra.-.an Noel. brought the questios d
Mrs SEMI'S% claim to Royal birth before Porliamelq,
Mr. Pm, refuted it by the positive evidence offacts;
he might also have disproved it in the evidescs! If
(have herself.: It is well known that Mrs. Mots
claims for Dr. ''‘Vmssar (who has successively too
her uncle and her grandfather) the honour of bftif
the author of Junius's Letters. it was in 1817 dot,
claim was set up ; and in order to prove Dr. Wis4lo/
the real Junius, she states the following argelittO,
quite incontrovertible :—" Dr.Ws ',Dior was geortioq*
vied—thus, no conjugal attentions interrupted diePr
gressof learning; his secret was, therefore, doiiiiiM.
cure. He had not a wife, in a moment of soli
tenderness, to possess herself of the fixed iesolges.l
it
his mind. Jn .the answer of:Junius to Junin; h.,
state was illustrated—tbinniiipluttic slit/iglu; ew.

itselfiwhen, with gallainn.rallping'Jurt*he."?!"
VI
ms,
ied to become a hosilstad i -: :iiikhosiirooo
dearly demonstrated the writer had neverberalrt
rice!, or he would naturally have excliiiniirr.
to hare a plurality of wives,"ltc.
When Mrs. Saunas wrote this paragraph thitr
dearly had, not formed her scheme for' :„ ?
Priniess. • In 1817, the proof of Dr. wll4wr''..:
.iirtists rested on his celibacy; in 182101 f
-Ottawa to be is Princess of .Cumberiaise,
to same Dr: WlLtior (who, from heft
had become fair, grandfather), havingloologr
Princess PoitiAikinc, ofP,
-no records reamed, am! .
WAS [writ' tpeardg.;... • 44,i00.
,OLtvit :iiitr- isleraillt:.44leir: 4
,when she Otilifyoy Ont*fill
?tack, DreWat.sCri:lrinte.
Earl Of WA ItSliZiL.C.OrninoPic4o4
lin June, .1815. Alai, SailultgiVos
which .of the impostures she
the Public • sykll,.:bar; Po. '
with ' &Rh; t'' ' • */-*: 'i. .. .

wit

wb
1, con

VOL
wit
on 1
ebai
tae
tem

XOl
.1
tow

ser

pon
103

alas

mad
day
861
Mu

teed
Song
we A
and

Imam
the p
he fa
in logi
,from
loin;
sort, ,
to hei

tiler), tartar-au.,-.
Ppland! ?ffiliPil. in -
can it be contentlllo
laer:Ropal. birth ,iia OA
tieffi fni the#l4Vol
e;
she 4wattraitat lb,:e'lle
liniCatd the ',. roc
ALIO
~.. 1, til..
be so!: ack . . ..00
!!...tiVidygriC4,l4llo, ~"
- ..
....;•- f •:. , i.'...: '' t
.....4,...: ..t- • .
