• .i"T.'`1'77777.

'

`-""

FRRIMPOPP""
•

tertits,,And won to Bieeobs Ayres, intatorr; all the ateeseary
amities, both with the Powers of Europe and with those in its
own oeighbourfooa. .
" The French Government, oldiged: Enid dreum..
stances to act with time greatest cireemepintiew, is artier to matt
the obstacles which may pram* theemehow '"j'-`-
part

. of &viand, in the progress of so important a negotiation.
*ill not immediately manifest the desire of forming relations
is* alsta Government of Buenos Ayres, but it will omit no op-
WWl* of giving it coeviocing prods of the -interest -
tritielt it views it. .
0 In conformity with this profession, and to waive at the ob-
ject so mach desired by the South- Americans, namely, their in-
dependence d the Crown of Span, and to found the basis of
their Constitution in a ban and durable manner, which awl
place them in a condition to treat with alkPowers, the Frani
Government proposes- to take the necessary steps to obtain the;
consent of all the European Courts to place on the Throne a 1
South America the Prime of Lucca and Etruria, to wheat"
will give the necessary assistance,. both in maritime force mils
expeditionary troops; so that he will not only be able tea*
himself respected, but likewise may be able to make head sillitt
very Power which may oppose his elevation.
" That Priam, eighteen years of age, is of the family of the
800/bens, Ind, skim* connected with that of 'Spain, can an.
cite no fear that his-pt °4les will be contrary to those of
South Americans, whoa muse he will doubtless embrace edilk
enthusiasm. He possesses as eminent qualities mean be deterk
bolls In respect of morals and a military education, which bee
bain'amducted with the greatest care, and, holds out a flattii•
ing Prcir3- -
" TO- consolidate and secure his dynasty, it is proposed, that if
thl Prince should be agreeable to the United Provinces, an al-
liance with a Princess of Brad should be solicited for hint-.-ael
event which would be productive of incalculable advantages to
both Governments, which, united by the ties of blood, would
be drawn still closer together. Another advantage, and not the
least, Is, that the principal condition of this alliance would be
the obliging Brazil to renounce the possession of the'' Baoda-
Orieutal,' without requiring compensation, and the formation
between both of an alliance offensive and defensive.
" As far as respecti the Waited States, as they have nothing
to fear so much as England, and as it is their interest to live in
good understanding with South America, it Is evident that the
obstacles which might be presented by them to the establish-
ment of a Monarchical Government would be overcome with-
out great dillicsky. The French Government, on the other
hand, will take charge ef the diplomatic nagociations for this
object„ and promises to grant to the Prince of Lucca all the'
support, assistance, and protection, which it would afford to -a
French Prince.—lt prays that you would lay before your Go-
vernment those propositions, which it believes advantageous,
and which cannot be laid before them better in any other form.
It believes that a. powerful party desires the establishment of a
Republic in the United Provinces. It will not enter into any
detail on the difference of situation in which the United States
of North America and South America are placed.
4 You know", continues the Memorialist, " that it is not ne-
cessary for me to employ logic to convince you of this. You
know very well, that a State cannot be organised into a Repub-
lic, unless when its territory is limited in extern, when Its man-
ners are pure, and when its civilisation is general. That which
constitutes the strength of a Republic, and that which secures
Its duration, is harmony among all classes, and a sincere desire
in -

. each to aintribute to the general good. In a ward, it is not
smeary that it should possess virtues very rare la our age.
" Since, then, South America, that is to am the country of
Buenos Ayres ear CMS, want for the greater part the elemmila
necessary for the paposs--since their extent is great—sinee tbit
dvilisation is but in its infancy, and far from bathe readied ilti
pew limits—abet the passim and the spirit •of party are.
ANdmiel esstsdk ask in a tithed, Since anarchy has reached its-
'feted la pate which ought to be subject to Buenos Ayres;
as is evident by the situation of the Banda Oriental,' which,
on account of its position, cannot be separated from the
bouring provinces with out occasioning inextinguishable wart.
" In this state of things,' I see no other way for securing the.
happiness of the country, and for plating an aid to the contest
ef parties which pafalyse. in a great degree the means of Go-
vernment, and for uniting and binding together all parties in the
same cause, than a constitutional and liberal Monarchy, which,
guaranteeing the happiness of the people and their general rights,
will bring them into amicable relations- with all the Powers of
Europe. This being the case, the country would have aOr
venoms* at once well constituted and teens:WM by Ogle
Poems. Avieukure would arrive at that state when ft wonid
be a seethe of riches and abundance. The arts and sciences
; the Enrollees popuktion would add to that
which Is at present Ineilklent for those lamellae countries which
are at present a wflderiess, and which, to the eye of the observ-
ant traveller, present nothing but sterility; but which might bit
air eetted into the most Nellie lands. The treasures Ighiclithe
'mien contain might likewise be explored, and be brae& far.
Ward one day, not only to the incalculable advantage et, Ogee
engaged in them, but likewise to contribug to the hippie* at
many other bastions.
" I think that all these considerations are more than sufficient'
to determine your Government to adopt the proposed plea ; foe
to procure for your country a happy coadition, is to acquire a
right tip acs gratitude and to immortality--tides the "thanks".
ova, and the only ones which the ambition of virtues ask
can require.
I know, likewise, that there are in the United Provinces a
considerable party disposed towards the English, and i beg you
to allow me to snake some reflections and speculations on this
subject. Suppose England were to place a Prince of its Family
on the Throne of South A macs., and by the ascendancy which
k hae acquired in Europe, by virtue of extensive wars, which
contributed to its interests, should be able to protect the country
from new wars; and to give it a physical force which would
secure ha power, do you believe that the people would,be more
happy ? In what consist& the happiness of a people, espeeially
such a people as that of the United Provinces, which has been
labouring so long to obtain that independence. which must con-
stitute its glory Ind secure to it that prosperity to which it has a
right to aspire, in cotftequenee of its great sacrifices ?
44 Ist. In the establishment of the 'rights which nature demands.
In the free exercise of the religton which k professes,
and the doctrines of which it acknowledges and appreciates.
" NI In the national character, which is formed by the good
social spirit distinguishing the inhabitants of South America from
all other nations, but which has not yet acquired that degree of
civilisation in which consists theta:oral happiness of nations.
" What can it,eipect under any those- heads, from Eng-
land, or frcna a Prince imbued' ern to bigotry with the priati-

,- i,-.

.

,

~~.,_.

Mr'

-;z7rir

-

, own action? base to fear the overthrow of
religion, or perhaps civil wars on account of rtlision
ealamitits to the people. Moreover, the L.tiocal
formerly opposed to that of civilized America, v..ould
. contrary to social happiness, and, renderin itself
the natives, would irritate their self-love, driving
-, if not to destroy the nation which excited tha 4,
WCOMILit in such a way as way be dose by-so.
. , .

"" BY this picture, which unfortunately ii o true, you sire
that far tsuo► lamina estaiiik.ited.ist -solid fututdations the edifice
whisk has beano weltcoiumenced, its fouthiatious would be a._

strayed, and a people, which doubtless deserves a b, t ter jot, Would
fin Valli into slavery, if you did not adopt some new sup.

" In recapitulation, I would say, that if you consu.. the ha;._
piaess-of your country, you would not deliver it up into the
hands of those who will enslave it, and destroy it's ri,ing pros-
perity purchased by so many sacrifices.. Oa the contrary, re-
ceiving for a Sovereign a Prince whom France proposes. there
will lie no reason to dread the degradation of religion. It may
be confident of finding in him the most solid support, exempt.
from that bigotry so hurtful tu,sdl religions; that liberal spirit,
free from a licentiousness so contrary to the interest of every
civilized State ; all the qualities which can secure to SkAith Ame-
rim complete prosperity and, in a word, a Prince who, be-
comb's an. American, will have, and can have, no other object
than to make agriculture, the arts, the sciences, and trade, to.
flourish, and by this means to secure the affecticn of his subjects.
" I think, then, that in these circumstances it is necessary, oa
the part of your Government, to make a speedy determination,
in order not to let slip an opportunity more favourable than any,
that can present itself for its happiness and the increase of its
trade."
Saturday, at three o'clock, his MAJESTY held a
Court, at his Palace in Pall-mall, which was attended
by the whole of the Cabinet Ministers.
Yesterday, at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council was
held at the Earl of LIVERPOOL'S house, Whitehall,
which sat in deliberation till past four.
Divine Service was yesterday performed at the
King's Palace, Pall-mall, by the Rev.F..W. liLoNtßEtt(,.
Yesterday the KJNO and the Duke of Yoax attended
Divine Service at- the Chapel Royil. The Duke ()E.
`Youereturned with the KING to his Palace in Pall-
mall, and afterwards-left town for Oatlands.
The account of the state of the Duchesslof YORK,
on Saturday, was--is Her Royal Highness the Du-
chess of Yoax continues bitter.

• The Duke of CLARE.NCE visited the Kim; yesterday.
Yesterday the Duchess of KENT and the Princess
OPHIA MATILDA visited the Duchess of CLAItENCE.
The Duke And Duchess of GtoucasTra, and ti:e
'rincess SOPHIA MATILDA, attended Divine Sevvite

yesterday, at St: George's Church; Hanover-square.
Saturday morning, Princess A novs'ra, attended
by Lady Mustaity, left town for Frogmore, and re-
turned td town in the evening. Yesterday her Royal
Highness dined with the Duchess of GLOUCESTER.
Saturday, at one o'clock, Mr. BROUGHAM had an
audience of her MAJESTY, to present an affectionate
and loyal Addtest from Preston, signed, iu a few
Lhours, by some theusands of the inhabitants. Her
MeJnart.returned the following Answer: •
01 I *milk the good peopkrof Preston for this mark of their
rogned., The object of my coming home km been the vindi-
lliek at DIV honor ; sad I dog perform -the' sacred duty,
whlahl owe dike to de! viantry sad to myself, without making
aired( apiary to the pultiesi dtvbioes that at present exist.—
Dm 1 sew c a forget the gratinde I- owe to the English
Inadonvor mass to fed the liveliest interest in its prosperity."
Saturday afternoon her Mniartv took an air-
bag to Blackheath, in a 'private carriage.. She re-
turned through the City, and called at the shop of
Mr. Alderman WA iTIMAN, on • leaving-which she
was recognised by the populace, who took the horses
from her carriage, and drew it themsebres.
" It is rumoured here, upon.what authority we know
not, that her MAJESTY the QUEEN intends to' visit the
North, and to take up her residence at Brougham
Hall, the seat of 11CHRY BRDUORAM, Esq. her MA.
Jasrv's principal legal adviser, for a short pe iod,
pending the present important discussions. Brnigham
Hall has been stiled 6 the Windsor of the North and
has, for some time past, been undergoing considerable
repairs, embellishments, &c."—Cariisie Joiratti.
Saturday, the Duke of MoNTRTIts gave a grand
dinner, at his house in Grosvenor-square, to ,
The Duke-of litaLand, Duke of Beaufort. Marquis ofCamden,
Marquis of Angina', Marquis of Hertford, Count Lieven, Earl
of Chatham, Earl of Loa sdale,.Llaron Aga, dot.
Yesterday, the Dyke of HAMILTON entertained a
large party of Noblemen and Gentlemen with a sump-
tuous dinner, at his house in South-street:
Yesterday, the Marquis and Marchioness of BATH
entertained Countess and the Ladies Baricuitsr,
the Marquis and Marchioness of Woacasraa, and a
large party of distinguished perscns, at their house
in Grosvenor-square.
Mr. MADISON', late President of the United States,
arrived at Cork last week, from Bourdeaus.
FASHIONABLE ARRIYALS.
At Blake's Hotel, lermyn-street :—Sir George Pigott. Bart.
and family, from their seat, Ireland; Sir Charles Blois, Bart.
from a tour.

At the St. James's Hotel, Jermyn-street :—Barl Hi!town
and the Han. Mr. Lewes, from Ireland.

DEPARTURES.
From the St: James's Basel, 'arrays-street :—Lord and Lady
Anson, for their sist, Mitsborengh, Staffonislbm
From the Pitinsirr Haat, Piccadilly 4—Lard and Lady Helm
and family, Sir Frauds and-Lady Hill, and lap. Fowls, fur.
'Ambridge Wens.
KinetTnianta.---Saturday evening the affecting
Opera of L'Agner was repeated with increased effect,
Ito a full and fashionable audience. Among the corn-
pany present were—
The Duchesses of Gionawier, Buceleugh, Arp4 and Rich-
mond; Marchionesses of Salisbury and Lansdown ; Lady Pratt,
Lady Darlington, Lady Rawls, Lady Brownlow, Lady Owen,
Mrs. Orby Hunter, &c. &e. &e.
Excxrut OPERA HOUSE.—.Saturday night the En-
tertainments of this vett amusing Theatre were, Firc
and Water, the Promissory Ntite, and Free and Evy.
The whole of the performances were honoured wi. b
the warmest mat ks of approbation, by a genteel and
numerous audien.ce.
IiAYMARKST THEATREe-•••00T old suthtner friend
opens on this day week, with a most excellent Com-
pany. Among the PerforMers already engaged, ate
Mr. and Mrs. C. Enable, Mr. and Mrs. Lamm, Mr. Ten y.
Iklr. Jones, Mr. .I. Russell, Mr. Unmet, Mrs. Mardyn. Mrs.
Gibbs, Mrs. Garrick, and hfr...and Mrs. Raker, and Mr. Wel-
. limns, from the Oath rheum
The campaign will commence with a new Farce
from the pen of one ofou r most succeisfnl Dramatists.
The Finstnce Accounts lately printed by the House
of Commons, contain the following items :
From the Right Hon. N. Vanritwt, remittal to him by a pr.-.
son unknown, for amacinsee mkt . ,E'S-.3
Ditto, ditto, for the like purr& • 449
. .

•
= Memorial addressed by the Prenc GovelriMot.lii °ebb cf"
4'10.0 STAIR • Don •VainiTtit GO MM, the Envoy freak' abinos Calk& relig.l
• -- . . fraught with e
- , .stres4o t • . ettlereeter, ford
EDON. • IND—Ths French Governante tikes liveliostirnereet i. ocitit,,6 sets
Nev. tie titattion of the Government et ane! b 0444 to then
s, isso, pose* to effete itself in ever, rostibliva bljartgmaaa,
of earn* the latter into a Coststitetionel Mosereir. as Olt. bat itaat wi
FUNDIL the only form of Government whiehnen eon their meiptemlin• welled
rower,
