PARLIAMENTARr PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF LORDS, JULY 25.
In the cause of Jackson v. Saunders, the Earl of REDESDALE
sleeved that the Judgment of the Irish Chancery be eiliimed.—
On the suggestion of the CovNCELLOR, the Judgment
was deferred to Wednest!sy.
The Royal Assent was given by Commission to the Irish
Dutii-s, the Sea Policy Stamps, the Irish House the Irish Peace
Preservation, the Scotch Creditors, the East India Ships, the
Irish Stage Coach, the Irish Bank Restriction, the Northern
Light House, and the Oteeasferry Road Bills, and two Private
Bills

The Comn*ienners were,. the Archbishop of t'asrea Boat,
the Loan CH A N CYLLOR, and the Earl of SMAYTafttntlf.
• The Earli en CLARRNDON and SANDWICH took their Oaths
and Seats.
The I art of CLARENDON presented twe Petitions against
the Slave 'Trade.
Mr. IIItOODEN, and other Members, brought from the Com-
mons the Army and Navy Seduction Bill, the Alien and Vote of
Credit Bills, which were Fevel..illy read a first time.
he Duke of WELI.INGTON presented a Petition from the
town of Wellington against the Slave Tryle.
Several other Petitioi.s on the same suljt-et were presented
from different places by the Earl of LAUD ritoAtz, Lord HOL•
IA ND, And the Duke of MONT dose.
The Gunpowder Bill and the Siirit Intercourse Bill were read
second time.
Ou the mettles that the Loan Mistake Bill be read a third
tinte—
The Earl of LAUDERDALE observed that there were parts
Of the BM which it would he highly improper should be drawn
into rec.-dents.
Ihe Earl vi LIVERPOOL acknowledged the justice of the
Noble tart's observation, but thought from the urgency of the
case •he House would consent to pass the Eill.
Earl STANHOPE said, that there wen- recrelents for these
Mimake Bills of a curious nature. In Lord North's time a Bill
was brought in to rectify a mistake in an Act which had been
pass.-11, but the Bill itself was drawn ip in so bungling a man-
ner that when it had priced it was found necessary to introduce
aito'lier MB to rectify it, so that there actually stood in the
Sta.ute Book " an Act entitled an Act to Rectify a Mistake, ifs
an Act ,-inched art Act to Rectify a Mistake, iu an Act passed
in," &c &c.—(4 Leek )—As these Ministerial Gentlemen
were so given to blundering. it would be proper tornsert as a
rider to all bias int rodu:ed by them, that notiongin them should
. be ever drawn ,rto pteeedstits.
The Mkt of GLOUCES'I LR presented a Pcition from Li-
geerpool agalost. the Slave Trade.

coaN LAWS.
The Earl of HA RD WICKE, in presenting the
Report from the Committee on the Corn Laws, said
that he regretted that theairne which the Committee
had.been enabled to employ in ti.e investigation had
MC been such as to justily them m coming to a final
and conclusive report on the subject. He shoilid
therefore move that the present Report be laid on
the table, and printed, together t. i.h the Evidence,
in the intention of moving for another Committee
early in the next Session ot Parliament.
Tie Report was then laid on the table, and or-
dered :o be 'rented with the evidence.
The Earl of STANHOPE • then rose to propose
the Resolutions of which he had given notice. The
subject, he observed, was so very clear, and so capa.
ble ot being demonstrated.to the satisfaction of every
mind,.that he should not have to trouble their Lord-
ships with many observations. As the Report and
Evidence had been but newly laid on the table, he
should not be able to read any extracts from it, but
there bad been distributed copies of the Evidence,
printed without their Lordships' consent, parts of
which he should read. —( Cry of Order.l—lf this was
disorderly, he would say that it was all a mistake—
that the Evidence had not been printed, and that the
extracts he should read as part of his speech were
from the books themselves on the table.,---(al laugh.)
This, he hoped, would not be disorderly. The Noble
Earl then read an extract from the evidence of a
Mr. J. Buckland, who stated that he was a farmer in
Essex, and besides holding land of his own, rented
there 700, acres of tl,e land of Mr. Western ;—being
asked as to the difference in the price of labour with-
in the last twenty years, he stated, that in 1794 the
money paid by him for labour on his farm was
1274 ; in the last year 8816. There had been start.
id, observed the Noble Earl, a strange proposition,
that the price of labour would fall as corn rose.—
This evidence. was a beautiful illustration of that
proposition, for while, by the accounts of prices at
Windsor, the price of corn had doubled in the last
twenty years, that of, labour had nearly trebled—
there was nothing inverse on the subjee:. The wit.
mess, whose evidence he had read, had been asked in
ooplatiatibri, whether the quantity of the land in his
occupation -had increased, I.e had answered that it
Was the same, and that the quantity of labour be-
ttoeed on it had rather diminished, as the condi-
tion ot it had been bettered in his occupation.—
lie also stated, in explanation, that in that period of
twenty years the wages of a ploughman had increased
from 7:. a week to ISs. or 20s.—the poors rate from
eel 7. 19s. to £166.. nine or ten times the former
amount; that although he bad not had more work
done, the smith's bill had been doubled, that of the
wheelwright trebled, and that of the collar-maker
quadrupled. In the ; rice of horses there has been a
prodigious increase—horses which then cost .C 22 or
re2B each, would cost now 60 or 4165 each. The great
tithes had increased from 847 to 8109. The same
witness had stated, that of late the wages had been
dropped, on acct unt of the reduction in the price of
cons The u hole of thi
who rented two thousand acres.
It was also stated that one-third of the labourers had
been lately disEharged, on account of the present
presshre, arising from the low price of grain, and
that the consequence would be, that one-third less
would be produced from the land, as less hoeing
*mad be done. Such was the general nature of the
evideuee, and it answered his (Earl Stanhope's) pur
pose very well, for is went directly to support his
ropositioo. Such was the state of things, that if the
Isweasisa west to pay no rent, they could not afford u
raise corn at the present price. By a letter which h.
bad received from Ireland, he heard that wheat, bar-.

ley, and oats, were reduced to Ilia the price at which
they bad been some time
oz, and tbardot farmers
generally said that they pay sorest ; bat that
they had no wish that they should be relieved by any
measure which might screw up the price of corn.—
The Petition which he had presented from very re-
spectable corn-growers near Peterborough, repro-
bated also such a line of conduct. The Petitioners
stated that their ruin must ensue from the present
state of things, if something was not done; but, like
honest men, (thodgh corn-growers) they disclaimed
any idea of raising the price of corn—(Hear, from
the Earl of Lauderdale.) They begged, instead, that
the House would adopt the Resolutions which he
(Lord S.) was about to submit to them. In another
letter which he had received from Devonshire, it was
stated, that greater distress existed among the far-
mers than had been known for twenty years, that the
corn was unsaleable, and that cattle had fallen to
half its former price. If such was the state of
things, and all sides disclaimed the idea of raising
the price of grain, what was to be done but to unbur-
then the growers—to diminish the taxes which bore
most heavily, directly or indirectly, on the farmers,
or on the labouring classes, or on both ? Could one
justify such a tax, for instance, that on horses of agri-
culture as such ? or the Tenants' Property Tax ?
The landlord would !tat pay these taxes, the cler-
gyman would not pay these taxes, sq the Farmer was
by necessity obliged to raise the price of his corn to
the consumers. Among these consumers was the la-
bourer, who, when the price of bread was raised,
found it necessary to raise his wages. The Farmer
again when the price of labour was raised, found it
necessary to raise his corn a little more—so that the
evil, alternately cause and effect, went on increa-
sing to a prodigious extent. Besides the taxes he
had mentioned, there was the impolitic and vile tax
on candles ; thew on loaf and coarse sugar, and
that on leather which pressed directly both on the
farmer and labourer, which should be all repealed.
The amount of all the taxes forty years ago was
only ten millions. At present the amount of the
permanent taxer, was A1i,000,000 ; of the yearly
taxes granted to pay off exchequer Bills five mil-
lions; of the war taxes 423,8000 M; so that the
whole of the taxes amounted to sixty-two millions. If
onelhalf of the war taxes were repealed, there would
yet remain eleven or twelve millions. The Resole.
tion which he should propose, would merely chew out
of what fund the taxes to be repealed should come.
By repealing these taxes, the labourer and cultiva-
tor would be placed in almost as good a situation, as
if there had been no national debt. As another in-
stance of the increase of the necessaries of life arising
from the taxes, his Lordship quoted a part of the
evidence taken on the Committee on the Country
Bakers' Bill in the House of Commons, and pro-
ceeded to ask how it would be possible, as it had been
found inexpedient, even when the fanners were on
the wrong side, to carry through the famine•nion•
geririg Bills this Session, to pas; them in the next
Session, when the farmers, as it appeared by the
Petition from .Peterborough, were against them. In
hivour of his propositions he should have not only
the farmers but the manufacturers ; and the Clergy
were, or Ought to be, on the same side, because it
the taxes were net repealed the I) tiles would be at-
tacked. A sensible Member of the Corn Committee
had begged him (Earl•Stauhope) to attack the tythes.
But be had answered, No l for he should attack the
taxes.—(>/ /eattgis.) In favour of the repeal of the
duty on coarse sugar he should have the West India
and the East India inteteit, and tfie landed interest
wou!cl also encourage a reduction of the taxes on the
land holders, so that all the great interests of the coun-
try would be in favour of his Resolution. He had
I often been in small minorities in attempts which had
in the end succeeded ; he had been in a minority of
tour on a proposition for abolishing the Slave Trade,
and had finally been one of th.it large majority which
carried that measure. When he had introduced the
Gold Bill, he had been opposed on all sides, but soon
proselytes, convinced by plaits sense, flocked to him
from all sides, and he had very graciously received
them. He did not, therefore, despair of the success
of his Resolution. A strange proposition had been
started by a Noble Earl (Earl of Lauderdale) that
whencorn washigh manufacturing labour became low,
The truth of this had been explained by a witness on
the Committee, that when Corn was high, rather II
than see their families starvet the manufacturing la.'
bowers were induced to exert themselves beyond
their strength.. He (Earl Stanhope) should never
consent that any set of men should be reduced to
such a state of slavery. The Noble Earl then read
his Resolution, which was—That it should ever be
an object deserving of the greatest attention to pro.
vide an ample supply of the means of subsittence for
the people of 'this kingdom, and that this purpose
could not be accomplished unless a due and steady
encouragement was afforded to the growers of Corn
in Great Britain ; to Which end, it would be highly
expedient. to repeal such taxes as pressed an the far-
mers and the labouring class, so far as the return of
peace should enable them to repeal such laws, keep-
ing an inviolable faith with the public creditor, and
providing for a sufficient peace establishment.7---Alter
remarking with what caution he had worded his Re-
solution, the Noble Earl concluded by moving it.
The Earl of HARDWICKE observed, that it
was strange that the Noble Lord (Stanhope) should
have remarked on the printing of the evidence, from
which himself had derived advantage. He (Lord
Hardwicke), for one, took on him the responsibility
of the printing of the evidence, as great inconve-
nience would otherwise have resulted to their Lord-
Ships. He should be very tar from objecting to the
first part of the Resolution ; but their Lordships
would see how improper it %VAX to enter at all at pre.
sent into that part which related to the repeal of
taxes. As for himself, he denied that he was one of
those whom the Noble Earl (Stanhope) bad charac-
terized by the vulgar and novel word fireine-mongers,
and begged the Noble Earl to consider that there
were also such persons as misclsiepinongers. The Noble
Earl concluded by moving the previous question.
The Earl of DARNLEY, before lie entered on
the subject of the Resolution, wished to know from
the Noble Earl opposite to him (the Earl of Live'.
pool) how it happened that the contract for meat tot
Greenwich Hospital had increased iu the present
year from £4.65. to 85. ss. per cwt. it being puts
ttisplied at the high rate of Is. pet (b. He hopes:
the Noble Earl (Liverpool) Would. on some fauna
lay be able to t.tci in explaßattott of it. As to tbt

'sebjeet before the House, he agreed ht the mans of
the previous question ; because he defied the Noble
Earl (Stanhope) to thew any possible advantage of
which his Resolution could be productive, forit sp.-
cified no particular tax. As to the strange phraseo-
logy of that Noble Earl, if it meant any thing; it
was an imputation that he (the Earl of Dankly) and
those who thought with him had for their object to
raise the necessaries of life—an assertion which could
only tend to exasperate the public mind. He (Lord
Darnley) agreed that the farmer was in a veryiliad
situation ; but which was the proper mode of :relief
should be the subject of their Lordships' mature de.
liberation, so that in the next Session some well di.
gested plan might be brought forward.
Earl STANHOPE replied, that lie had not the
least idea of blaming any person for causing the evi-
dence to be printed. There was a very obvious ob-
jection to the specification of any partictdkr tax—
whereas his Resolution would shiew what was the sort
of taxes to the repeal of which they would consent.
1.3 e had not meant to imply that any Noble Lore
were famine-mongers ; neither could he help that thm
word was a new one—it came into his mouth, and.
was very applicable. The Noble Earl concluded by
urging the necessity of deciding on his Resolutions in
the present Session, for the purpose of quieting the
public mind, by giving an earnest of their benevo,
lent intentions, as well to the Omer as the consumer.
The previous question was carried.
THE PRINCESS CHARLOTTE or WALL%
His Royal Highness the Duke of SUSSEX arose,
and addressing himself to the First Lord of the Trea-
sury, stated, that this was the day when, from cour-
tesy alone, he had proposed to come down to the
House, with a view of stating the tenor of his motion
relative to her Royal Highness the Princess Char-
lotte of Wales, which stood fixed for Wednesday
next. That having found by the newspapers that
her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte of Wales
had been sees on horseback in Windsor Great Park,
and having likewise learnt that she had been in
town for a few hours on Saturday last, all of which
intelligence he had collected from the public prints,
he was inclined to hope that snore lenient measures
were intended to be observed towards her Royal
Highness. That the Noble Lord well knew that it
was upon receiving an unfavourable Stoswer to a
request which he had 'made to him of seeing her
Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte, that he had
conceived himself obliged to bring this weighty mat,
ter forward, from most conscientious motives, and
for which purpose he had put five questions to that
Noble Lord oa a previous occasion. That therefore
from appearances, and hoping that more conciliatory
dispositions'were entertained, that he would not sug.
gest any proposals which might tend to irritate rather
than to calm the dispositions of individuals at this
moment, and consequently he would for the present
withdraw his intended motion, and move that the
orders for summoning the Lords on Wednesday nest
be discharged. He trusted that her Royal Highness
the Princess Charlotte woulti go to the sea-side, as
had been recommended by her medical and profes-
sional attendants, for the re-establishment of her
health, which was so interesting to the country at
huge, and which had been so greatly impaired by
agitation of mind. Also flattered himself tfut such
measures would be adopted to soothe her mind. and
not distress her spirits by pressing certain points
which had given rise to this agitation, and upon
which he knew her mind was completely made up.
That before he sat down, he begged to address a
few words to the Noble Lord on the Woolsack, who
was so forward in staring responsibility in his Ma.
jest?: servants for the advice they may have given
upon this occasion. That he would quote the words,
he believed, of Lord Bacon, that reading made a
learned man, writing a correct man, and conversa-
tion a ready man. He would 'further remark, that
retirement, coercion. and seclusion, were not the
means calculated to instruct and give her Royal
Highness the Princess Charl6-te of Wales the most
favourable idea of the beauty and advantages of the
glorious Constitution of our country, over which she
was one day, please Gon, to rule ; and with this re.
mark he should conclude.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL, deprecating as he did
any discussion whatever upon this subject, only
thought it necessary to observe, that no improper re.
strain; whatever had been imposed upon her Roial
Highness the Princess Charlotte of \Vales, and that
no regulation was wished or intended to be 'imposed
with regard to her Royal Highness by bim whom
Gun and nature had rendered her father And protec.;
tor, inconsistent with her happiness or welfare. He
considered that the Illustrious puke had acted wisely
in withdrawing a motion which was not a fit subject
for discussion in that House, but it to be distinctly
understood that nothing that had passed in that
House had had any influence with regard to this sub-
ject, either in the highest quarter or upon himself, or
those with whom he bad the honour to act. '

Earl GREY agreed with the Noble Earl opposite
in deprecating any discussion upon this subject, but
thought that the name of the Prince Regent had been
improperly and unnecessarily introduced into the dis--
cussion. He had no hesitation in avowing that he
had advised the Illustritius Duke to refraie from
pressing a motion upon this subject, under all' the
circumstances of the case. He certainly thought that
it was advisable to abstain as much as possible from
interfering with the private concerns of the Royal
Family ; but he by no means agreed, that that House
had in no instance a right to interfere. Cases un-
doubtedly might arise which might render the inter-
ference of Parliament expedient and nece,sary, pAr•
titularly with regard to the Heir to the Crue,.n. He
agreed, however, that under all the circumstances of
the case, it would not be expedient for the House to
entertain the motion, the notice of which had been
now withdrawn by the Illustrious Duke; but he
wished it to be distinctly understood, that nothing
that had been said by the Noble Lord opposite, or by
the Noble and Learned Lord on the Woolsack, had
had any influence in producing this determinat,Ln.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said he had never
meant to contend that there might not be cases wi II
regard to the Royal Family,
with respect to which it
might not be the duty Of Parliament to interfure ;
LI& lit:
but in the present instance he maintained I t
ground whatever had bein laid for that interference.
He thought the motion• had been very properly with.
,trawn by the Illustrious Luke, but he wished it to.
•,e distinctly understood, that nothing that had pass.
ed in that House had had any influence with regard

to this subject •000 the advisers of his Royal High.
Mess the Prince Regent.
The order for summoning their Lordships for ts.
.1111Orraw was discharged.
CLINGY XXIIIDENCE MU.

The House then went into a Committee on the
Ant Residehtt Bill, tthel. situ a Pretty long coo.
venation on the various clauses. certaill Arnendioeiti
were made as to the nature and extent of the penal.
ties, in consequence of which it we: thought advis.
able to order the Report to be received that day sit
inontbs, the clauses being in the nature of money
cleuses, which. as a matter of right. must originate
is the House of Commons, into which the Bali as
,amendedi, will, it is understood, be again introduced
during the present Session.
The other Bills on the table were .forwarded in
tinier respective stages, and at half-past eight o'cluck
,dut House adjourned sill to-morrow (this day).

HOUSE OF COMMONS..

The.liouse was sotconeeed se the House of Lords. Up*,
,their room the See.tola seam) .thm he had receive/ tkr
Raid 4senett to several putilie and private Bills..
Mesirs.Ca al o, Wu rraamio, and Wii.oauriace pie" lotted
several, Petitions against the continuant:le of the Wive I red?.
Mr.THORNION gave ooticeohat early nest &scan be
wadi move for leave to bring In a Bill to alter and awes/ the
Acts of the iatit and 14th Charles 11. relating to the tons ig
YobilC Prayer.
The CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER reseed the third
neadiug of the Duke of Wellington's Aamilty
, Mr. WYNNE, made a few observatiests upon the form of the
Para'. . .
rhe CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied, aril
ptttposed dist the loth of October 'be substituted for the itch uf
April, as the data of the grant.
'the SPHAKAR said, it wa eonspeteat for any Member to
prop*, a rodactlau.
Amer a few words free Mr. 1. P. Gomm the Coancettoa
of the 1/xcitanutia, and Mr. Wr Nos the Aim taus adopted,
and the 134 read a third time and pau:ot
Lords Lyndoch,Hlll, Berevford,Coesketaleat, sad Eantorra
Bills were read a third time and passed.
General GASCOIO NE regretted thismalbases of the Hall-ply
Appropriation to Military 011eers, so Madeira** to their merits
or expeciatiens ; and gave mere, that early neat fiessitio be
would bring forwards motion oo the wabirsa, at which Most.
relied opus the liherehtf et Patinae% is support of the memos
he must to submit for their amsideration.
The Calicos Seisms, the Cada" and the ColooW Audit
BIM, were read a third timit'and pored., .
Mr. BROQDEN brou;bt up the Ripirt Rf the Scotch Spirits
Act.
Mr. BENNET rose to pot a spagothin to the Breit Haws
able Gentleman (the Chascrlhog(4 the Exchispet) Mohr* to
the expenditina io the Parks, seat
The St&AXER incerrod, Awe*, that tkoro seemed
no ainoexion isetwoso 10 Puha MCP kr* Spirits Aar..
(410,6)
Mr. Moore and Mr. Warn*. elipploot *1 condos
was ha order. •

'rho SPRAKER replied, that le was On Allgood teem el
Pediment to pima a question tehellysdlibbidlar trout tbe maw
Jost before the Howse: when that wandisposed or, It *u evtapa•
tent for the Hon. 14/frenstser to put any question he pleaw.i.
The Report was than agreed coining knee siren In but; in
all ptomain thereto.

site Pan Vela
Mr. BENNET rose Os repeat his question to the
Chancellor of the Exchequer. He would first ask the
Right Hon. Gaudette!), whether the estimates lated
before the House relative to the expenditure in the
-Parks. were kee Pe correct. because tie sum calcu.
lated for etch of the ships in the Serpentine squadron.
appeared to him much below the real expencef se.
condly, whether it was in contemplation to cut down
some of the trees, and to en:lose a part of the Park,
for the purpose of forming a shadowy walk tor tjte
Palace which it was intended to be built in that yid.
pity ? He also begged to know, whether the bridge
over St. James's Cane!, which was at first meant as
a temporary appendage to the rejoicings, WAS, as the
public conceived, to remain a permanent erection.
The CHANCALLOR of the EXCHEQUER
in reply, stated the impossibility of fits guaranteeing
any estimates which did not originate in his own office.
As to the encroachment upon the Park. he Was con.
fident the Treasury had given no authority for any
' such curtailing of the pooiic null.
Mr. WYNNE said. this expenditure deserved in.
quiry ; from the way in which it had hitherto gone
on, the preparations may last till Christmas. A par,
titular day was first named for this great reji)lcing—
.::terwards, in 14 days it was to have taken place—
.his period also passed away. Now it might have beta
' very floe in its time, but this repetition of disappoint.
anent would indispose the public mind altogether. It
would be like giving a twist with Ara timer Aug after
breaktast.—t etzlit
Lord CASTLtit OH was sure, that the public
Would Witte with him in the expression of their satis-
faction, that such was the progress of political events,
that the Hon. Gentleman opposite could find no other
subilftt to fasten upon but the rejoicings in the Parka.
—(ifeart mkt ievilisr.) He lamented very much his
inability, not being cognoscent of the fact, to same
the day of the festivities, for which Ow
Hon. Gentle.
Men seemed so feelingly alive. He as confident.
Maas
however, that when the day arrived, the public would
derive infinite satisfaction from the result of
the pre.
.ent preparations for their entertainment. Here he
begged to state, that he fully retained his first opt.
Mon, namely, that upon the present occasion nothing
more was done to gratify the Public than it was the
duty of (kvernment to edminiaterow( gear.)
Mr. WHITBREAD observed that the Govern.
resent seemed to stead in rather an awkward situation,
an expenditure had- been for some time incurred. un.
authorised, as it -appeared, by any of the public
Boards from which the order for its p should
have emanated. The Noble Lord (threeEroers.si Chau:•
berlain) t.. whose department the expenditure more
properly belonged, bad disavowed any responsibility
tor those proceeding's, andhe (Mr. WhitbreJd) would
be glad to know who was responsible for tb:s waste
of the public purse f Was there any body ?
this conduct was rather ungracious, both to the Ht use
and the country. To he compelled to rcpt t:,,S
Inquiry so often, could be no amusemytt, as the
Noble Lord (Castlereagh) conceived it, to that side
of the House; it %Wessel:this' for information, n )t.
for idle curiosity. 'rile public ought to know when
the whole of these arrAagenigiltS would be btou3fit as
was said to a focus. Toe curteilmenc of the public
mall WAS very generalli believed, and a new 'Waco'
was in contemplation, also wittious any estinsauts f•-•
there was no knowing where these.matters would stop
it the House did not interfere. (Maur. kew.) Re-
verting to the time of the iiplision, when, tar would
ask, was the delay to cease ?..,rtie kiniperor and King.
its;. for whom it was origsatailkt intended, had ic.t
town, the Nona ty of the Connery *tete also gone, aid
London itself wbuld oe out of tows in a few days
none would, thereon..., remain to witness all those rill:
sights ; this might RIK be the case if tunaly au.ice

Wert riven. Those
possibly retain to beg
ewer. no information ei
peered. Y-u were on
OdicPs And give your
r.re you received a Pt
the ctiropt.sitiount thi
tact thin that of the
lion would be miser,
liwlh.) Sic when
warm weather was cu

lions for the event, but
Mr. WYNNE real!
he curtailed before th
new Palace was to g
was to be curtailed fin
the House to interpose,
upon the subject.
The CHA NC ELI
repeated that he was i
as the curtailment allu
Mr. WHIT BREA
works go oil ?" (Los
Here the conversati
TLEREAGII's mos
Princess of Wales's A
Mr. WHI I'BREA
the preamble, which w
a third time sad passe,
Sir SAMUEL RO
tion of the Lords' Atr
Blood Bill, which wet

alteration the puni
which the Lords ack

being dead, the bqdy tc
Sir Samuel took 'h.+
abhorren& of the alto

coutemplAted in the
• and though he did not
. Intent, yet he would ni
tuned other items of
then read a third rime
Mr. ARBUIII/s1(
Produce of the Cum)
year.
Mr. LOCKHART
he would move for an
Praying that he would
a sum nit exceeding
Bailiff of We•tminster
penses he had incurred
Mr. BANILESobjeo
of the Committee ni S

therefore, be deem d
The CHANCELI
was in 1.tv,,0r of the p
• Mr. LOC.EHART
Ely was closed--toe hi
night ago.
Sir F BURDETI
Committee et Supply
who kad invented thi
which were fully appr
hitter up stairs. Wi
accidents which this i
vent, he would move
siumber ut lives lost b)
Committee to which I

Turf.
The SPEAKER
would be onspracticebl
tug the notice. upon
Mr. WH LT BREA
Spent the bo.*ts ot shy
tender the mains prA
Admiralty. lie Ain
'tension ot Mr. Mallii
occasion to appreciate
which investigated it.
Nom

Mr. WHITD R Ei

Gentleman opposite.
in execution for the ri
fain persqns ••ho had
sat hut it y to Arrange t
railed relAtive to tha
it was said. Landed in
Were prevented from
slim by the interventii
die (Act

Mr. H, ADDING
tan unaccredited Na
uy ; but he W.ll not
issued ler their remco
fAct, 'lilt thole pen
mint in Lndon, i&ni
of retraining therein.
Mr. WHITBKE,
to remove diem out o
Mr. H. ADDING
L• ken lor taut purpo,
Mr. WHL'FDRE

brass and ildigr,
Alien Act. There •
it, pn.aisii.ns
wh.ch this Act Vi 46 I
to wh.un he alludec
the step which had
Pity of the War Al
which was succeed
Alien Bill that had
which he would ha
the facility which it
grosb injustice.
Mr. 11. ADDI
Alien Bill was still
Mr. NV HITBRE
the Legiblatu: ee ver
into operation—no
handed by sojourn
of the Alien Act
vcrbion fit its übe to
Mr. WYNNE w
Tha Report c the I'
el3Jse. were added whl
Tl:saisson. sir C. 1111
Sir: r n, Mr. Peat., ain
to be read a third time
Mr. Baooorn brew,
wets agreed to, and or..
°Readers Ildl. the lti
Thames PoLce 14 in
The Report of the I
storrn*.
•f be Scolcb Disrilkr
be e.nrroar.
e and
Let, and the Lod I a:
a/1%4..1mi Argontai

were eiven. Those who woe fond of spew *ould
possibly remain to be gratified. It would seem; how-
ever. no information even on this Point was to be ex.
posted. You were only told--", Go to the Lottery
Otlices arid give your ,olinea ibr a Ticket ;" to be
s..re you received a Programme, and, by the way, if'
the compositioo of the fire-worki was not more rt.-
feet thin that of the Programme, the public rtpecta-
tion would be miserably deceived. (Hear and .a
iruz.4.) Bat when was it to take place ? The
warn rather was come, every thing seemed propi.
tious for the event, but spectators. (A laugh.)
Mr. WYNNE really tit-tight those' works should
he curtailed before the Session terminated. It the
new Palace was to go on, and if the public Park
was to be curtailed for its use, it would be time for
the House to interpose, by an Address to the Resent
epon the subject.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
repeated that he was ignorant of any such intention
as the curtailment alluded to.
Mr. WHITBREAD Well, when will the fire-
works go off ?" (Loud laughter. )
Here the conversation chopped, by Lord C AS-
TLEREAGH's moving the third reading of the
Princess of Wales's Annuity Bill.
Mr. WHITBREAD proposed an amendment in
the preamble, which was negatived, and the Bill read
• a third time arid passed.
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY moved the considera-
tion of the Lords' Amendments in the Corruption of
Blood Bill, which were agreed to; also those in the
alteration eif the punishment for High Treason, to,
which the Lords added these words—.o and after
being dead, the body to be divided into four oirarters."
Sir Samuel took that opportunity of repeating his
abhorrenci, of the shocking spectatle which she law
coutemplated in the punishment tor High Treason,
and though he did not concur in the proposed amend-
. knew, yet he would not object to, the Bill, as it con-
tained other items of importance. Both Bills were
then read a third time and passed.
• . Mr. AR BU I'HNO I' presented „Returns of the
Produce of the Customs and Excise during the last
year.
Mr. LOCKHART gave notice, that, to-morrow,
he would move. for an Address to the Prince Regent,
praying that he would be pleased to order a grant of
a sum ne4 exceeding at 2,400 to be paid to the High
Bailiff of Westminster, as a remuneration for the ex-
penses he had incurred by 'ate erection of a hustings.
Mr. BA N KES objected to this grant, on the ground
of the Committee of Supply being closed ; it should,
therefore, be deferred until next session.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
was in favour of the proposed remuneration.
• Mr. LOCKHART-was not aware that the Strp-
• sly was closed...for his own put, he was ready a tort-.
night ago. ,
Sir F. BURDETT stated; lie had claims en the
Committee of Supply on the part of Mr. Mallinson,
who had invented the Life-preserver, the merits .of
which were fully appreciated by the keport of aCom-
rnittee up stairs. Witha view of shewing the many
accidents which this invention was intended to pre-
vent, hi would move. that Returns be made of the
itumber of lives lost by the upsetting of boats since the
Committee to which be alluded had made their Re-
von.
• The SPEAKER observed, that such a motion
worth:llse impracticable, holm the impossibility of *WV.
big the notices upon the proeer persiats.
Mr. WHITBREAD said, the the Hon. Baronet
imam the boats of ships of war, which of course would
render the motion practicable in its execution at tile
Admiralty. He also took occasion to praise the in-
vention of Mr. Mallinson; the merits of which he had
occasion to appreciate as Chairman of the Committee
which investigated it.
WoRWEGIAN DIFUTIES.
Mr: WHITBREAD ruse to ask the Right Hon.
Gentleman opposite, it the Allen Act had been put
n execution for the removal from this country of cer-
tain perions who had entered it from Norway, with
autlito ity to arrange the existing difficulties which pre-
wailed relative to that country ? Those Gentlemen,
it was said, landed in Scotland for this purpose ; but
Were prevented from the exercise of their pacific mis-
sion by the intervention of the Alien Act. Was this
the fact?
Mr. Hr ADDINGTON, in reply, stated, that cer-
' twin unaccredited Norwegians had entered this coun-
try; but he was not aware that any order had been
issued fer their removal therefrom. It was, however,
a fact, that those persons were not permitted to re-
- main in London, and were disallowed the permission
of retraining therein.
• Mr. WHITBREAD —" Have any stepsbeen taken
'to remove them out of the country ?"
Mr. H. ADDINGTON—" No steps have been
takeil for that purpo,e."
Mr. WHITBREAD declared this proceeding to
be a gross and flagrant abuse of the authority of the
Alien Act. There could be no more gross abuse of
its provisions than, under the pretence of the danger
which this Act was to prevent, to remove the persons
to whom he alluded. He desired to know, whether
the step which had been taken was under the autho-
tity of the War AliewAct which had expired, and
which was succeedi;d, he understood, by a Peace
Alien Bill that had passed. on Saturday, and against
which he would have loudly raised his name, from
the facility which it afforded to the commission of
gross injustice.
Mr. H. ADDINGTON stated, that the War
Alien Bill was still in existence.
Mr. ‘VIIITBREAD denied that in time of peace
the Legislatureever meant it shouldkave been brought
into operation—no danger was to be now appre-
hended by sojourners in the country. This exercise
of the alien Act was nothing less than a gross per-
ver.ion of its use for political purposes. ( Hear, hear.)
Mr. WYNNE was of a similar opinion.
The Report of the Post How linty 1141 was resolved, some
clause+ were added which wish:sated s conversation between Mr.
M 11036010, Sir C. BUaddul Mr. W Wise LAD, Mr. Wscaims
SWITY, Mr. Peas, and Mr. Loettisoay. *lhe Bill was ordered
to be rad a third time to-morrow.
Mr. BACOOMbroupht up the following Reports of Bills, which
wet* avoid to, and ordered fti a third radius to-niorruw : I he
Offeaders Bill, the blab Yeomanry Corps continuation Act, the
Themes Pace 111111, smiths Pone &IL
The Report of the Blacking powder Act se be received to-

1. morrow.
TM Scotch Distillers Jill went through a Committee—Report
twotorroev.
'll e and lrish Wilds Pat Bills, the Local Militia
Ain, and the Land 'l.llll Retleao•ption wtre read a third time
daily...sand. Adjourned WI to-usurrow.•

r!' l:: t,; o,NING STAR.

LON DON.

TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1814.
MICE -rg )(ICS THIS LAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK,
Reduced 66ft—Cons. 64—for acc. 690
4 per Ct. sai--5 per Cc. Navy 9? —omit. 21 pre.
Bank tong Anus. 16i—Inilid Bonds, 13s. 14s. are.
Exchequer Bills, Is. Ss: pre.
I •
We have received Paris Papers of Saturday. Their
contents are of more than usual interest both with
respect to theinternal state of France and the affairs
of the Continent.
On the 22d inst. Baron Louts, the French Finance
Minister, presented the Budget for the year to the
Chamber of Deputies : it occupies one half of the
Monitzur of the 234 and two full Supplements, or
about twenty columns. It is impossible for us to
find room for this document, nor would it be intelli-
gible to an English Reader : it affords a deplorable
picture of the waste and extravagance in the public
expenditure for the few months of 1814 that the reign
of BONAPARTE continued : this, of course, has been
grtatly checked: The Aystem of taxations cannot be
changed this year, the demands upon the revenue
being so great. Ameliorations are promised, how-
iver, 6 1815, when the current expences will be re-
.difced to (318 millions. The Km had often, doling
his exile, felt the oppressions under which his people
iaboured from the severity of the taxation imposed
by the Usurper, and announced that he would re-
move them on his reform to France. Imperious cir-
cumstances, however, compel his Majesty to continue 'I
them fur a few months longer. A great drawback
on the Finances of France has arisen from the system
of allowing arrears to accumulate. The Creditors
of this description are to have Treasury Bills, bearing'
eight per cent. and within three years it is expected',
they will be 'mid off by three instalments.

The Report concludes by an eulogium upon the
English character, observing, that while the public
debt of this country daily increased the public credit
increased also. Tne very same causes injured the
public credit of France.
After the Report was read, a Member of the Cham-
ber of Deputies, M. FORNIER SAINT-LARY, after a
high compliment to the private character of the King,
moved, that his Majesty be humbly requested to lay
before the Chamber a statement of the debts con-
tracted by him in foreign countries, with a view to
their payment by the nation.—The motion was re-
ceived with acclamations, and would have been in-
stantly carried, but for the irregularity 'in form, in
voting it so promptly. It was put off until the '2sth
instant, when it was to be again taken into conside-
ration.
The Hall of the Deputies, on the above occasion,
was crowded to excess, and several Ladies of dis.
tinction were seated among the Members.
An alarm has been excited in Germany, but we
trust without foundation, on the subject of anew
war, in which the contending parties are Austria on
the one hand, and Prussia and Russia on the other.
—The subject of dispute is the dismemberment of
Saxony : perhaps the people of that country will be
the best umpires ; they have shewn no disposition
that we know of to renew their oaths of allegiance
to BONAPARTeS last and most zealous ally, the King
of SAXONY ; and if Austria' insists upon it, Saxony,
we apprehend, must first be conquered. The case
would be different if the people manifested their de-
sire to continue an independent State ; and sure we
are, that neither England, Russia, nor Prussia would
sanction any violence against their wishes. As the
case at present stands, the balance of right and jus-
tice is against Austria, but we have no fears that any
appeal to arms will be made.
Poor MURAT, Bonaparte's King of Naples, seems
Ito stand like a solitary nine-pin in the ci-devant
NA-
ros.soN dynasty. He is now most woefully beset by

Trowels dottiestie;—foreign levy !
—The Algerines infest his shores with a numerous
and powerful fleet of Corsairs, and in Calabria dis-
urbances have been excited against him, which his
Gazetteer most studiously strives to lessen in impor-
tance. 'All who oppose him are brigands, disbanded
soldiers,, and malcontents. This was the language
of BONAPARTE respecting the Spanish, the Dutch, the
German, and even the French insurgents, when they
called out for their legitimate Sovereigns. •
An article Irom Norway keeps up the story of a
marriage between the Princess CHARLOTTE of WALES
and the aoi•diaant King of Norway, Prince CHRISTIAN.
