BRIDGE-TOWN, APRIL so.

It is unnecessary to state to our readers in this
community the occasion of that suspension of our
labours which has taken place since the 1311) of this
month : it will be long and painfully iarpresed. on
their minds; but those of our subscribers who reside
'n the neighbouring settlements, will no doubt be
desirous at knowing the cause of it. We shall there-
fore endeavour to perform this unpleasant ecty, a-
thrugh we feel considerable dilficuity in the attempt.
At so early an hour as two in the woriiing ot
Easter Monday, this island was placed under martial
law, in order to quell a perfidious league ot slaves in
the parishes of • St. Philip, Christ-church, St. John,
and St. George ; who, in their mad career, were
setting fire to fields of cane, as well as pillaging and
destroying the buildings on many estates, and other-
wise pursuing a system of devastation which has sel-
dom been equalled.
The inhabitants of this town were apprised of these
nefarious proceedings through the personal exertions
of Colonel J. P. Mayers, of the royal reginaatt of
militia, who. upon receiving the intelligence, instantly
proceeded trona his plantation; and having ou his;
way acquainted Colonel Codd, in command ot theJ
garrison of St. Ann, the troops were immethatel)
called to arms, and put in readiness to march in the
route ot these incendiaries.

This prottptitude on the part of the commandant
was followed by his kindness in supplying the St.
Michael's militia with some arms that were required,
and likewise with ammunition, so that by day-bre.ik
they were ready for service ; upon which the Aank
and so-ne other companies, headed by Cal. Mayers,
were soon afterwards dispatched, and on their mach
they joined aim* body of regulars, cotnotanded by
Colonel Codd, with which they proceeded to the
scene of desolation. _ .

The life-guards, too, were sent in that direction,
and, being divided into squadrons, they frequently
tell in with parties of the insurgents, some ot wli,nu
they killed, and dispersed the rest ; and, tram the
facility with which this body conveyed intelligence
to the troops, it was found to be a most essential
corps on this calamitous occasion.
The enterprising spirit of Colonel Best was con-
spicuous in this affair ; for, with the (.`hrist-cistneli
battalion, he was on duty in the very midst of the
rebellious, and contributed in a great degree to its
'dispersion in that neighbourhood soon after their
commencement, but in effecting which several ot the
insurgents were shot. .
Those troops from the garrison, as well as the
militia, were, upon approaching the thicket (one of
the estates principally concerned in this outrage),
sent in divisions in different directions, with the hope
of disaovering, before night, those places to which
the rebellious had retreated upon perceiving them
advance. In the performance of this duty, the troops
surprised many parties of them, and some of whom
lost their lives in attempting to escape.
Besides those that were killed on the following day,
many were taken prisoneis, and upwards of ,Ism have
been sent on board of the v?ssels in the bay, to await
the resalt of their trial, agreeably to a Frock:nation
issued' by President Spooner.
Many hive been condemned in the parishes that
revolted, upon full evidence of their guilt, hclore a
Court•mintial ; and a Court of Inquiry is sitting in
town, before whom several have been convicted, and
their sentence of death has been carried into effect on
those plantations, to. which the offenders belonged.
It having been deemed advisable to.aequaint his
Eicellency, Governor Sir James Leith, G. C. 3. Am
the state ot the country, an express was sent to Goa-
daloupe on the 16th inst. and his Excellency lost no
time in proceeding hither, having strived on the 42-I.th
in a French schooner of war that happened to be at
that island. The Governor has since thought tit to
circulate the following Address.:
AN APDRESS Ti) TDB SLAVE POPULATION OF TUX .
ISLAND OF BARISADOVS-
,
appearing that the late insurrection of slaves'
,o. the parishes of St. Philip, St. George,. Christ-
church, and St. John, was principally caused.by the
misrepresentation and instigation of ill-ciiiposed per-,
sons, who have been endeavouring to induce a belief,
that the slaves were actually made free, but that their
manumhsions were improperly withheld from them,
I think it my duty at once to remove• all miccoaceir-
...

. •

~ 1

. ,
tion on a subject aso great invert Ince for tee
quillity of this Colony, and for the weli.b.eie"whfl4
Slaves themselves.
"I do not mean to enter into the nrlein „,
titre of shivery, farther than to prevent eel 1,2
erroneously supposing that boiidage is ever ie...Li"tZti
or exclusive lot.
" Slavery is not the instiution of ant
colour, age, or country:—it his ever exisiet,
does still exist, among khite as well as black nte,"
every quarter of the earth. That the BLek:
Africa have countenanced Slavery, and wee
Whites have been its joint authors in the Wee
is a fact personally known to all cif you 71
to eat
come from Africa under the ce!ntilsive teenifeil
your persons by your own crime-erten, by r
you were held in lelndage in r•tt: a.ttivz .."
azd
.were there disposed of as Slaves,
6‘ That our humane and equitable Severeleassie
the. British Nation, &sans-tweed the trafa: e; -
from Africa, is kiowa tit yen ;as reel;
has consequently beeo proeieited be the 14,e
ate
has long ceased.
is It is eqtally a feet, +at the Black Pze-01,
Able.' still continue d.tve-v, not may atriungttee:
selves, but that they d4ily barter their fet„,e,i
tl
every age and sex t 3 any pet son who chooses noel
them, while Great Brit alone a eetts her peter i 3
prevent an increase of slavet y, and to render ea*
who are now unavoiciafily in that stele every mali.
cable service which benevolence suggests,,Bu't are
most wise and juszetten, the most hatnme ami rt.i.
lous advocates of the ;iholition of the Slere'l'tacr,
who eo-ie?.ss priedeel knowledge, and the meet
cere friends cif d.uee wh ate actually in slavery,Lee
considered their eniancipation, except in pettiest,'
cases, as the reward of fidelity and condutt, to le
morally impracticah:e, w,;einer such a measure
regard the good ender of the community at large (4
the well being .of the genet ality of the daces thew.
'selves.
44 What would be the fate of the old, the infirm, •
the tick, the helpless children, and a laree propere„a
of your whole body, who have been brought tiptoe,
pend entirely upon yeur masters for your subsistence;
and from that circurte:tatice, its well from the to
of knc,wledee as artifice: s, and in other respects, woad
be little able to provide fur your wants, if a raiii
sure of eeneial emenzipation were at once to deer
tl.e mass of the sl.tve population into a new cue of
society, under the flattering but fallacious name
freedom ; in reality, however, presenting only ti.
dangers of general disorder, and producing, exccp:Li
a le w, the miseries of contusion add want, leedine to
the commission of crimes, and to the abselete see
version of puhFc order and tranquillity ? letterset.
templating such danger to the community, it is r.it
necessary to go into tee origin and nature of three,
in order to decide on the impracticability of its abe
hams, where it actually exists, excepting by a sin
and unremitting system A anneiieretion, by Clic!! it
will gradually produce its own tel.:mance. by
such means alone, and not by the attempt of a rot
and destructive cenvulsion, lets slaves y impel ceptible
safely, and happily changed, in every countty w'rere
it had ever existed, but has now ceased, from the :ie. -
ginning of the world to the present time.
" I have learned that a general belief had hies
mischievously propagated anteng you, that I was •s
possession of your manumissions, and that myeetten
to Berbadurs would have put you ii, pOsteLAisors
your freedom. I can solemnly Assure you, that my
arrival has been one of the must painful periods ti•
my life ; when, in performitig my duty, I have nit
only had to minim you of the cruel deception weicit
the enemies of the State, and still more yourowa 'Jit-
ter foes, have practised on both, but to Lei nosel
called on by the offended laws to seek out and sti.lat
punish the guilty. •
44 Perhaps never was there a more delic.rte suh*Ject
to touch on with .yeu than your condition as shoes,
especially under the unhappy circus etences is w!:irfi
too many of you have involved yout selves, and by
which the guilty had
.planned so much mnenti to
diis colony ; but I shall never be deterred from ere
mulgating truth when mrduty.points out the note
sity, however difficuloit Mil appear to give it ci,c.t.
" I conjure you. all, ttien, to return wit
ness to your dunes, where it will be intioitcly mg!
consistent with my desire oar see you act from mote
than from force.
64 Every thing which the paternal gnvernmee ri
the Prince Regent cam practically effect ter your
well bting,
,yoer progressive prosperity, and h.tp,n.
has been and will continue to be done. Lanes'
with confidence to yourselves, whether your proprie-
tors also have not generally done much to render your
situations comfortable.
66 In that which regards my authority, yen may
rely on a strict and watchful execution of my duty
whatever regards your interest;; but do not
me, in expressing the benevolent feelings which I Audi
ever entertain towards you, to mislead you into lo-
liet that I could for a moment permit you to resist
with impunity the just exercite of that authority
which the law has placed over yeu.
66 It is melancholy to LIMA va the. numbers of
men who in the late instorecti.al lost their lives lit
the rash anti wicked contest against the laws, into
which they allowed themselves to be hurried, wie,out
a shadow of hope that their effects would hive fen 1
successful agaitee the powerful means within my elate
mond for the preservation of public tranquillity.
" I cannot omit to express my satisfaction at tie
good een,,e and feeling of so large a proportion of yogi
who rallied round your masters and their fanellee
when your deluded brethren so shamefully forgot till
ties of duty and gratitude wiser? IRaelits bad txca
conterted oa thcm. •
" I trust, however, that the example of tho:e whit
fidelity-1 hare justly commended, even more than e.. 4
tate of those who hove lost their lives, and the retinae
ing.reatem of the deluded, will save me from dm
p:attful task of using the ample power at all titres to
my hands to crush the refractory, and purtisii the
guilty.
" It will indeed be to me a 'source 91 true gratiFe
cation to witness the speedy return of general cowl•
deuce and industry, and of that comfort and ear.
fulness which so large a portion of you seemed to
enjoy. . (Signed) " JAMES LEf tr.
" C./overman I-louse, April gG, tele."
Sir James Leith, as soon as the insurrection was
suppressed, issued a Proclamation, taking off the ern-
bur on the votes lying in Carib!, Bay.

• .

a

1-wENINp STAR.

LONDON.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5. 1816.
PRICE OF STOCKS TI-lIS DAY AT MILNE O'CLOCks
!Wu& o§}—Cane. ma 64 —far au. 65f.
4 per Cent. 78*-4 per Cott. 45t—Doncla par, Is. pr.
gichequer IMIII, Va. dlia par.

By way of Liverpool we have received the Barba-
Au Mercury of en: 30th April, with extracts from
private letters, containing many particulars respect.
ing the late insurrection, which we have given at con-
siderable length in our columns this day. Easter
Sunday was the day on which the Negroes made
their attempt. • In the course of the same night the
Island was placed under martial law ; and so prompt
were the movements of the troops and Militia that
the Negroes were every where subdued in a very
short time, and with comparatively little loss on the
part of the troops. Many of the Slaves were killed,
and still greater numbers were tried and executed, in
virtue olUrders issued by the President of the Island.
Notice was sent of these occurrences to General Sir
jojts LEITH at Guadeloupe, who instantly embarked
in a French schooner of war, and reached Barbadoes
on the 244 h of April, and on the 2Gth issued an Ad-
dress of ex!iortation to the disaffected, and of cocoa-
ragemect to the faithful part of the slave population.
The result of all-these mairainsemwast that em she 3,.)th
of April Sir lutes was enabled to issue another Pro-
elamation declaring the insurrection at an end. No
less than twenty estates in one parish had sustaintd
an almost entire destruction of houses and cane. ids
and the number of Negroes killed and executed has
been calculated at little short of a thousand. A very
large proportion of the Slaves, hrs.:. ever, rallied round
their masters, and contributed their efforts to redoce
their misguided countrymen.
We cannot quit this subject without noticing a
very disingenuous and reprehensible use whicit has
been made of this occurrence by the enemies of the
Slave Registry Bill. We have had various paragraphs
sent to us, purporting to be extracts of letters from
Barbadoes, imputing the insurrection to impolitic in-
to:foam on the part of the' Government at home, beim,. een
(J.: Colonial Legislatures and the Slave Population, parti-
cularly in the countenance given to the “ projected
Registry Bill." In the 5..-hc Fpirit they pretend to
have ascertained that the principal ineizators of this
imarrectien are those Negroes who" can read and write"
—negroes of superior and‘retanding ; but of the worst
lutoritions.

;The intention of all this is scepalpehle that no one
GO mistake its object. Seine men never wid learn
tense, or rather will bever allow others to vessels
common understandine. Has any etre fereot the
arguments which were used against teaching our
own labouring classes at home to read and write ? Is
any one so ignorant as not to know that a careful
etattitaaiion of this question established beyond ail
controversy, that in those parts of the Empire where
the people have received most instruction, the fewest
crimes are committed ; that among the unhappy
erimin.il, who have suffered the sentence of the law,
Lut few, comparatively specking, had. been taught to
read and write ? Those who In tintained such ergu
silents against the iiistruct;on of our own poor people,
have 'ince not only given them up, but, in conse-
spence of a conviction derived from evidence.
have, greatly to their own credit, become must stre.
Lentos and exemplary supporters of • the Sunday and
Nationel Schools ; being now thorceeehly persuaded,
in common with all sound p rlitical econour;sts, that
ro memrs can be devised so effectual for preventing
the ignorant from being led away by the arts of those
who have more knowledge, as by arming them with at
least an equal degree of knowledge. A way then
with the nonsense of the desire of the Slaves to obte:e
freedom arising from the officious efforts of the bene-
volent to give them instruction. It is natural for
all men to desire to be free. The period is fast
approaching in which Slavery will be abolished
every where. Those who take the best means to
&reit this event will be found to be the most wise.
- Let every mean be adopted to prevent the importa-
tion of new Siaves.—The Slave Registry Bill is one
el-these—and let. some system be adopted to enable
The Slaves to buy out their own freedom, and thus
introduce by prudent means a population of free la-
bourers. Do this and you have nothing to fear from
pour Slaves. Neglect or postpone it—and take the
consequences.
Nothing is more easily practicable than to establish
by lee, the sum to be paid by a negro to his master,
let for one day out of the six days of lebourthen
two days, &c. till he entirely buy up his, whole
time and become a free man. This was formerly the
practice in the French islands: but you never can
fete a sufficiency of free labourers while a possibility
slit to import, either legally or clandestinely, new
supplies of slaves.
Dues not the danger with which the Colonies is
threatened furnish a sufficient reason for those Powers
which have abolished the Slave Trade to command
other Powers to abandon it ? Noae have a right to
do aay act whereby others may be injured.
A letter from Grenada, dated April i 2, says—
" We have been thrown into great confusion in con-
.isquence of a communication from
_Sir CHARM
111101ANE, Governor of St. Vincent's, stating, that
imams had been received from St. Lucia of infor-
Itatiok having arrived there of as iasuirectibn in

i

Birbadoet, and that f,rtytgiro 440.1 had been 40.
etroyed by the Neg Woes. lir Camaiis, believed the
intelligence, and einied Mardi' Law to be pro-
claimed. He. strongly recommended the same mea-
sure to our Government--and we are all now under
arms. We have had this &yen arrival from Tri-
nidad, but no farther news. We expect a transport
every moment to take away the 60th Regiment, about.
400 strong, for Barbadoes."

13, reference to our Port Letters, it will be seen
that all is not right at the Havannah.. Capt. Dumf.
Ham, of the Lady Holland, on his way (Toni Jamaica
to England, attempted to land, but was not permitted.
[Fide Deal and Margate Lester s.] .

We this day received New York and other Ame-
rican Papers, to the 15th of May. They contain
the following articles :

BALTIMORE; MAY it .

The following is brought by the schooner Midas,
Captain Dickerson, at rived at thisport from Havanna,
where the Boxer was lying on the 20th March :
The United States brig Boar., in .the beginning of
April fell in with and captured the schooner Coma,
commanded by the famous Pirate Mitchell (one of
the crew of the British frigate Herrnoine), and anu•
tlier small vessel laden with ammunition, &c. for the
use of :he Pirate, and carried them into New Orleans.
The Pitate had on beard specie, jewellery,, &c.
amounting to' 160,000 dollars. •

Captain Matthews, lam of the schooner Adeline, of
this port, rear_hed town on Saturday night in the Nor-
folk pac6t. He gives a long• st dement of the in.
•human treatment by the Spaniards of those who un-
tortunately fell into their hands. He says that the
officers and crew of the Adeline were•stripped and
plundered of every thing, landed and driven on by
the Spaniards, who beat them shamefully with the
butt ends of their muskets till they reached the prison,
where there were 60 Americans and British who had
fallen into their hands since the surrender of Ca►tha.
gena, and who experienced treatment similar to his
own. There was a daily removal of some of their
comrades to the Hospital, caused by the filthiness of
the prison and its exposure to the weather, from
whence few ever returned. Captain NI. also states,
that s singk fligate would be sufficient to lay Santa
Martha in ashes.

A Carthigena privateer, fitted out by the Patriots,
as is said, before the fall of Carthager.a, has arrived
in Newborn ; she brought ,wtli her about 61,000 dol-
lars in speck. We understand her crew c•snsists of
men of ainvia al; ciinliz:d nations, which has inchtccki
some to suspect her to be a pirate.
