e^iild nut receive eviiiinre of that nature of the solemnisatiot►
of the marriage, ft was ntrissary to apply to the legislature for re-
lief. The marriage had been consummated, and the lady was
anxious to be released from the engsgement. He, therefore, moved
for leave to bring in a bill to annul the marriage contracted between
Elisabeth Hickson and Thomas Buxton.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the allegation in the peti-
tion called on their lordships to inquire into the ease, and, if sup-
ported by evidence, to give the relief required.
Leave was then given to bring in the bill.
The house then resumed the hearing of evidence on the East
Retford Disfranchisement Bill.
Reverel witnesses were called, who admitted having received 20
guineas each after the several elections since 1818. The sums were
sent to their houses, enclosed in papers which bore no signature.
'the further consideration of the subject was adjourned till Thurs-
day, and their lordships adjourned at nine o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS--TtiEsDAT.
Lerd MILTON presented petitions from Halifax, and other
'laces in Yorkshire, against negro slavery ; from Huddersfield,
against the punishment of death in cues of forgery; and from
Huntingdon, in favour of the Beer Bill.
Mr. EASTHOPE presented several petitions from parishes in
Sheffield, against burning Indian widows.
Petitions were presented against the Beer Bill from Oldford,
Basingstoke, Canterbury, Rochester, %Vahan, Worcester, St. Agnes,
city of Bath, Wokiagham, Colchester, parishes of St. George and
St. Giles, Bloomsbury, New Windsor, from 400 licensed victuallers
octhecity'of Norwich, and from the Mayor and Corporation of the
city of Norwich.
Petitions were presented against the East India Company's mo-
nopoly, from Leicester Macclesfield, and Dean Prior.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from an individual residing in
Glasgow, raying for an alteration in the duty on soap.
AIL SYKES said he mould certainly persevere in his motion
with respect to soap, for he thought that a reduction of the duty
upon that article would be of greater benefit to the people, than a
reduction of the duty upon beer.
Mr. HU3IE presented a petition from Lismahago, in Lanark,
for the abolition of church patronage in Scotland.
Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from Mount Melick,
against the proposed increase upon stamps.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from the perish of St. Michael
and St. John, against the duty upon coals.
A Petition was presented in favour of Jewish emancipation from
Exeter.

ietidoss were presented from Limerick and Mallow, against the
proposed Stamp duties.
Lord ALTHORP presented a Petition from an individual named
John Smith, against the practice of the Small Debts' Court. The
same noble lord presented a petition from the county of Northum-
berland, complaining of the Poor Laws; and from a person named
Flanagan, complaining of Corporation abuses in Ireland.
3lr. H. DRUMMOND presented a petition from Stirling,against
the proposed increase of dutyon British spirits.
Mr. BYNG presented a petition from the inhabitants of Water-
loo-road, praying for the formation of a new street from Waterloo-
bridge to the Museum.
31r. O'CONNELLpresented a petition from the Irish catholic bar
in favour of the Galway franchise bill. The same bon. member pre-
sented petitions from Kilmahon, Kilmorc, New Ross, Irishtown, and
the parish of the Holy Trinity, spinet the vestry act. The same hon.
member presented petitions agamst the tithe composition act, from
Capoquin, county of Cork, and New Roes; from New Ross, against
the Subletting Act ; from Freshford, praying that the Government
might take the payment of the Protestant clergy into their own
hands ; from an individual named Brodignal, residing in the
county of Meath, against the proposed duty oa tobacco. Upon the
motion of the same hon. member, the Catholic Charities' Bill was
read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on the 38th
instant.

POLICE IN ZEELAND.

Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice titTitl;;;;;dd, on Tuesday next,
present three petitions, from Michael Whelan, Patrick Farrell, and
Patrick Leary, respecting the homicides at Borrisokane. The hen.
gentleman then moved for a copy of the coroner's inquest upon the
body of Daniel Nolan, who was killed at Midtown Malbay, in the
county of Clare, on the 29th of June, 1829, for whose alleged mur.
der William Feiguson;a police constable, was tried and acquitted
at the ensuing assizes.
On the question being put,
Air. DOHERTY said that in the absence of the noble secretary
of state for Ireland, he must express his astonishment that a mo.
thin such as this should be brought forward as a matter of course,
and that the honourable and learned member for Clare should move
for the depositions on a coronet's inquisition, without showing any
grounds, and without having given the slightest notice. The
motion came upon him by surprise; but, as it was altogether coo.
trary both to principle and precedent, he must give it his opposition.
This was the commencement of a system which would make the
house a court of appeal from the criminal tribunals, and the deal.
sion of juries in lreknd ; and if this course were pursued, there
would be no case which had been submitted to the investigation of
a jury, which, upon some ground, or under some pretext or other,
might not be brought before them. The house would thus be made
to suspend the proper tribunals; for if any thing erroneous had oar
curved; there were other and proper places of appeal to which errors
might be referred. His attention was more alive to this, on
account of a motion of the Honourable and Leaned Member's
standing on the book for tomorrow night, which was for the pro.
duction of the depositions of the witnesses for the crown on a capital
case in Ireland; but that motion did not rest there, as it also pur.
ported to be fora copy of the notes or the judge who tried that and
several other cases. He would appeal to any honourable and
learned member in the house whether such a motion had ever
been granted, and he would defy any one to contradict that this was
the most monstrous thing ever attempted by any hon. member, and
that it was altogether and entirely without precedent. The hon. and
learned member for Clare had declared that never would he be absent
from his place, and that no evening should miss him from attendance
on his duty—but on one very remarkable evening he was absent.
An honourable and learned gentleman, the member for Mallow—
he mistook— the honourable member for Mallow—.fiut he ho he
was not displeased at the latter imputation—(a laugh given
trdped
notice of a motion connected with the consp . Now
any one who had been in Ireland for the last eight months, and
knew all that had been said and threatened by the honourable
metnber for Clare, would have supposed, that of all the nights
during the session, that was the particular one upon which he
(Mr. Doherty) must have expected to have met the honourable
and learned gentleman face to face, because allegations of an
important nature" had been made respecting his personal cha-
racter; and, what was of infinitely greater importance, against the
pure administration of justice. Then, certainly ought the gentle.
man who had made accusations behind his (Mr. D. s) back, to be
in his place, and be had looked for him, but in vain—he was not
to be found. And why did he introduce the mention of that now ?
Because if the honourable and learned gentlemen had then been in
his place, he would have beard a discussion on the propriety of pro.
during depositions or the notes of a judge. The opposition to the
'isogon did not come from Government, for they had nothing to
conceal; but the motion was opposed by an honourable and able
and learned friend of his, as being contrary to all principle,
and without any precedent. To see the present motion then
brought forward, and, above all, by a lawyer of thirty years' stand-
inf. excited to the utmost his astonishment; but although this
;night be an insignificant case, he would not have given it Us op.
position, nor should be have urged the violation of principle as an
argument, but that he had referred to the records of the house and
found that the present motion was altogether without the shadow of
a precedent. It might be asked how this could be jar.
portant to him, and if the house would hear him he wouldally say
why the subject was personally important. He was not accustomed
to view the words or actions of honourable members with sus-
picion ; but if the conduct of an honourable member led to the
ref that he bad a certain object in view, and that that ob.
jeet was a retreat—if, in addition, that hon. member was a lawyer
of great dexterity--he would watch every stone that member laid for
preparing the bridge by which he intended to escape. When by
his (Mr. Doherty's) taunts the hon. and larded member was
forced to exhibit the courage which he for the first time had as-
stinted, what was his course. He ' " I shall bring forward the
Doneralle conspiracy—that is, if the will grant me certain
documents, for which I shall move—if they do not, I shall let
ic=ratttathe ground." Accordingly, after twenty-four hours'
as to the documents he should move for, he
canto forward with a motion for documents, the granting of which
was so entirely repugnant to principle and precedent, that anxious
as he (Mr. Doherty) was to meet the hoe. and learned member face
to face, and to have a full discussion of the whole subject, yet over.
ruled by the opinion of those who valued principle sod precedent,
be could not consent to grant the present motion upon terms which
would violate every pr iplat that ought to be dear to that house.—
(Hear, bear.) The and learned member. however, par-
aded a safe course, and his ft was plain and obvious--it was by
two steps, to secure to ItimsU a safe ;retreat, the first of which was
to move for documents; I: could not be granted, and then
next to say be could Dot'
_on, because he did not get Amer
(Hear, hear.) He (Mr.- " ,) towns, *Quid say the impsseh.
men; of his conduct rested upon feed, whisk he admitted—on do.
commis which were helm the puWll, whiciage printed in all the
newspaper% and to ail of which he AndW, y in the face of the
house. Thies could thin be no dish
as ftt was wished for
was admitted... The hon. and gestlesnal said that he (Ms.
rieziesikted•upon information be 'and had allowed
to swag to certain thinla wkich knew to be !alas;
aad• be, they* cot lag known to hours, appeal to them
whether It wee hkeli be would so ._fttle Ace which was coin-
. • milted to bilk for she purpose of the ossiviction etas in-
nem* nosner(dtettea ) The bearale-slood gent. bad, however,
