'gin 'which iontliaed refractory ought to have some
small additional duty imposed on them. He never
meant to allude to any Colonies but their own. His

Honourable Friend (Mr.•Bernal) had quite mistaken
what fell :from him on this point. Seeing that the
Right honourable Gentleman (Mr. Huskisson) was now
in his place, he begged again to be informed by the 'I
Right Honourable Gentleman what course Government I
meant to pursue upon this important subject?
Mr.. HUSKISSON said he was sorry he had not been
in the House when the Petition was presented. It was
not his intention to have been in the House that day ;

but having received a letter from the Member for Win
chelsea (Mr. Brougham) stating that he meant to put
certain questions relative to the present state of Slavery
in the West Indies, he, thought it his duty to come
down to the House. Without meaning .any disrespect
to the Honourable Gentleman (Mr.Denison) he would
suggest to hip that it might be as convenient to wait,
till the Member for Winchelsea appeared in his place.
Mr. W. S.IJTH said his Hon. and Learned Friend
(Mr. Brougham) would arrive in a few moments.
Mr. WILMOT-HO RTONsaid,that as reference had
been made to what was intended to take place to-
morrow, he begged to stale, the motion which he
had •to bring forward was not of such a nature as
meld kid to- sof general ilieenssion.
Mr. A. BARING said, be felt at sensibly as any
man that the House and the Government should; at
length, come to some definite understanding.of what
was intended to be done on this great question. His
opinion was, that hitherto a reluctant Government had
been goaded, on, by a cry out of doors, to do what their
own good sense convinced them could not be done to
the extent desired. He wished to see the situation, of
the slaves in the West India Colonies ameliorated, but
what the Society from which this resition•came were
driving at, wasahe total abolition 9t the state of slavery
in the West Injies, the. ppinithen to be considered
; was. would the Governrnenkal present force that ques-
- lion ? if so; they should at once declare their intention.
' The measure's-taken for putting down the slave trade
had been a source 61 great-, expense, ea would appear
to-the-Finance Committee, if.-they examined the (Ines-
iion. They bad taken upohthernselves to do the police
duty of the whole world in the suppression of the slave
trade, which; after all, was still carried on to a very
' considerable eitenr. • - *

Mr. W. HORTON said a few words in esplanstion.
. Dr. LUSEHNGTON said, he felt great surprise at
what had fallen from his Honourable Friend (Mr.
Baring). No Speech. could" calculated to do More
mischief Than One contaking' such insinuations; His •
Hon. Friend spoke of the expense and the loss of life oc-
casioned by their efforts to put down the Slave. Trade.
What was this in effect, but asking them to retrace
their steps? He knew that the trade was still carried
on under the'proteetion of tlie•Freirch flag, principally
by Portugal and Spain, but *no' British subject dare
carry it on. • Much good bad hitherto•been done. and
a gread deal more would be effected, when the. British
Government was vested by treaty, as it would be in a,
short time, with more effectual powers._ The PkotiVe•
Was pledged to 'the Resolution's brotight forward-by
Mr. Canning four years bdck, and be should like •to•
see the Minister who would dare to propose a depar.'
tore from them. Mr. Canning never said that slavery
was. to be perpetuated in the West Indies, though it
was impossible to Xa at what, period it could finally
be got rid of.. • . .•y.. - • ...
Me. BROUGHAM "said; k was korhytiltlifearioirs
debates bad taken -pike upon this lertportant !object,
both in that and the other HoUse•of Parliament. The
consequence was, that ceitain...Retolotions had been
passed by both Houses, that Instructions were sent out
to the Colonies, and they were inforthed that certain
Measures would be pursued, unless they should be rill
dried unnecessary by the conduct of the Colonial Legis
iatures with respect to the slave populaioo, and that
this was the-only way by which they could prevent di-
rect legislative, interference on the part of the British
Parliament. The question he had' to put to theitight
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Huskisson) was' this, whether
what had been dont by the Colonies, in consequence of
these instructions, or what had taken .place generally,
appeared to the GovcromentAt bomeito.saiisfacto:y as
to preclude the necessity of any further priieeedings,-or.
Shy further pledges on the pareof"thi GOvethMent? •
Mr. HUSKISSON• said, the iwily'sialvier be • could
give the Hon. and Learned Geodesists', watt* refer him
to.the.very ample information laid upon the table of
-the Hosse. in -the two Sessions which succeeded thatof
182. The course pursued in those two Sessions would
be followed up in this, by laying before the House any
'further Returns whielfhad been receivedfrom the Colo-
together with copies of the.. instructions. that had
beeo,sent out. He was now ready.tp state to the House
in what COlonies a markedimprovement had taken
ISCe,s-if the House desired he should do so. The Hon.
tad Learned Gentleman shook 11is head- at this propo-
sition. He (Mr. IL) should; therefore. defer this state-
meat to•some future opportunity. Therese:mid be no
doubt that the Resolutions adopted. by both Houses of
Parliament in 1822, did contemplate giving, ultimately,
to the slave population of their
.Colonies all the civil
rights' of other British subjects—(Hear!)--so directing
at thesame time the measures towards the attainment
.of this object, as not to interfere with the.right of private
proper ty. Ministers bad but little Choice as to the course
they were to pursue. The language of Parliameni was
clear and explicit. The instructions sent out to the
Colonies were founded on the Resolutions. These in-
structions were laid upon the table of the House, and
were adopted by Parliament. In.some of the Colonies
theinstructions had been carried into effect. Some had I
'manifested some reluctance, from whieh, however, no
practical inconvenience arose. In those Colonies having
Legislatures of their own, there
.was some- opposition;
but a tendency soon manifested itself to' approximate
to the views of Government and of the Horsie. 'To
persons in their situation at honie it was. difficultle db
termine how far they- ought to girt thelanitionerkthe
Clown to measures passed by the Colonial Legislatures
inconsequence of the instructions sent out. To, some cities
the sanction of the Clow* was given; in others the tx•
pediency of further measures was suggested. Gentlemen
must not be surprised it :tune difficulties were, and coo-
tinned still to be experienced, -seek they recollected'the
peculiar circumstances of the-case„ and the peculiar
situation and . habits of .those with whom they had to
deal. Some of these diffictilties had no doubt arisen'
from what had taken place upon this subject- at home,
and from misrepresentations which bad got abroad.
Do what they would, 'i must be recollected 014 after

all, the intentions of the.Leghlature at home inuit:he
executed through the resident of thq colonies, through
those who were themselves owners of slaves. It was no .
doubt a misfortune that they did not possess the means
of expediting more effectually the measures sanctioned
by Parliament. But were they, under esistiag circum-
stances, to.push them too rapidly, it might have occa-
sioned irretrievable confusion—(Hear.) So long as he
had the honour of filling his present situation, and while
Parliarderit adhered to the resolutions they had passed,
he should continue to advance steadily towards the
object they all
.had in view, not losing sigh,t.ax the awe
time of what was due to those who had property in

the unfortunate human beings, whose contlitioii it Was
their wish to ameliorate. It was fit the Finance QOM..
mitteeshould makeinquiry into the expenditaie
sioned by this necessary work of putting down the
Slaie Trade. By thus showing to other. nations the.
expense both of life and treasure to which they had
been put, it would tend to remuve.the imputation which
some did not hesitate to cast upon this'country of tieing,
influenced in 'their exertions by merely selfish motives.
The expense both
.of life and money was very consi-
derable ; and-he regretted to say that the extent of their'
success hithereo had.radt been. at all commensurate, to.
eithefthe wishes or the..tzei (ions of the country. In a
struggle like this,t:a spekles of smuggling,.' where the
temptations tci. cot/resit the offence Were so great. it
not .perhaps to be wondered at, if allt.their naval exer;
iions had hitherto been insufficient to pat an effectual'

stop to jt. Government could have no other desire but
to carry into affect the wishes of Parliament. lie should*
in the course *of the Session, lay before the House such
further information as Government was in possession of.

They would then have an opportunity of considering
what further it might be necessary to do.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that with respect to th.

object, of finally abolishing slavery in these Colonies
at some period there could be no difference of opinions
Having put an end to the slave trade; ad far los they
were concerned, it WAS their bounden duty to persevere
until it was completely put down. The answer of the
Right Honourable Gentleman, considering his usual
perspicuity, did not appear to him silfficir.ntly clear.
What be
,wished to know was, whether what had

hitherto been done by the local legislature., in pure
seance of the instructions sent out, left any ground for
complaint on the part of his Majesty's Government?
If the Government was dissatisfied, he should bring 'the
subject once more before the House alter tl,e Recess.
He concurs( d with the Right Honourable Gastiemari,
that it wbuld not he advisable to precipitate the pro-
ceedings of the local legislatures. That it must be
their object at some time finally to aboli
the Colonies there could be nn doubt. To this. object,
having once put an end to the Slave Trade, they. must
direct their efforts, as. Mr. Pitt and Mr. Dtiodet geknowz
'edged. He had no hesitation *Avowing hii.Opitiione
that hitherto the Colonies had nradelsitt.an
tibleprogress tor/al-di ibleiend,' if, Indeed, they mike
any progress at. all. To all eyes 'but those- or the
Colonists- tliemselveLther,apPeared tq•be seaming
All the objects of 'airaeliolutiOn had :heed ' irtatileid
under twenty heads. Nete.'of these twenty there' here
Atgfs-i9cju4iug the fl*ggq:Of.itissaiesi.:en: wltickliee
Af
enethe Colonies had nakena
take 13atbadoes end Jattiaics, lone havinga populalits
01 9.30,000 slaves; and- the
.otber-esf 80,(.00 or 90,000.
Wow, thete_ were sixteen out. of . the twenty on whicli
aeither of these Colonies:had takeOa single Step; This
being the case, how could they illow ani,ther Session
to pass without taking some further step ? Nu pet son,
he believed, would go solar as tio say that they mqst
first settle a scale of compensation. On this principle
the Slave Trade would:never have been abolished. • It
Was not thus that the 'Legislature acted; they first
put down the trade, leaving it free to those to
come forward after who might think they. haa•ol
claim to compensation. It was said, while the ques-
tion had been under consideration, that damage to
the amount of many thousand tons of shipping
would be suffered bi- individuals; but alter all.no
more.. one -claimant • came forward. • All this
shipping was absorbed-in smuggling or privateering,
which ,had been throWn out of employment by the
suppression of the Slave Trade. Why not act upon
the same. principle now ? 'They never • hoard of -any
demand for compensation in consequence of the
alterations made by the Right Honourable Gentleman
in the silk trade. Were the proprietors of slaves
the only class who were entitled to compensation ? Did
the, House forget
.Sir Robert Peers,Bill.? a most hui
Mane and proper one. That Bill interfered between
Master and servant. It prohibited the employment of
Children in factories, except at certain hours. The
proprietors of factories must thus have sustained some
injury in their property, hut yet they never heard a
word of compensation. The point on which he should
first endeavour to induce the House to legislate, was
the admission of slave evidence. This had the recom-
mendatio.i of the highest authoriees, and it Was a re-
form which easily executed itself. The question of
compensation would turn almost entirely on the single
point of compulsory manumission. They should not
wait atingle day to afford the colonies an opportunity
of acting in this matter themselves. If he Was not
satisfied by the answer lie should hear from the Right
Hon. Gentleman, the House would consider him as
having given notice that he would bring this subject
under their consideration after the Recess.
Mr. W. SMITH expressed a hope that a copy ofthe
'dispatch. tent out by the Right Hon.' Gentleman (Mr.
Huskisson) last spring, would be laid upon the table,
and made hezeafter the subject of serious consideratiop.
Mr. WILMOT-HORTON suggested, that as he had
a motion to bring forward on the subject in the count
LI of to-morrow, it would be more convenient to postpOnle
all fnither conversation :Until the question can'tte. fegu-
lady *Sore the House.• fie. would assure theMpii'xid
Learned Gentleman that it would then be hisendm;vOur
to meet the question fairly.
Mr. BROUGHAM said it had never enterethiLlead
to charge the. killiht Hon. Gentletharf aitti 144'1001r
use of his Office. in (seder to advnce ',Ass .Op!nidsrbe
-
maintaine& ;Ile differed front the Itigfiti,Hon,TGensle.
man upon questions- of colonial p.olielf.ilaithei•
be happy, to find—what was perhaps the case—that they
did not differ in reality so. much as they apponeditilb,
Mr; HUSKISSON said,-that when he roietoireilltn
answer to the Hon. and Learned GentlemaiklieVd.no
wish to create a discusdistt, which he deprecated on the.
present occisicitt., Sae a4nuitted4hatdthe takingitsinv•
evidence wottidlie4..vese veat inaptoeimeut ro our
: H
fg. • e..:*21114.
Lepon,rusthei silo, niat ens

~•

-.....

, „

' .
• .It :

r

::~.:

• .41/1"4: SID itiOT.

-iff.419114-
