“ VIVA LA PATRIA!

II Citizens, though the Government have not yet
received an official' account of the entrance of Gene-
ral San Martin into the capital of Peru, they hasten
to announce it to you as certain, on the following
I statement :
-----

4 LETTER FROM A RESPECTABLE ENGLISH RESIDENT
IN SANTIAGO DE CHILI, TO ANOTHER IN THIS CITY.
4 Santiago, August 13, One o'Clock.
4 My Thus Fatiam—The glotious news of the fall of Lima
has just arrived. The Montezuma bas come into port with the
official account. that General Son Martin has entered Lime by
force of arms. •
• Give Games one hundred and fifty dollars, if be should be
the first to bring the news.'
" The bearer of the preceding letter is D. F. Games,
who was in the valley of La Aconcagua, laying in
provisions for passing the Cordilleras, and conveying
to Mendoza arms and money for the Government of
Chili, when the intelligence arrived there of the oc-
cupation of Lima by tile liberating army, and was
celebrated by salutes of cannon and other rejoicings.
Games relates, that he immediately repaired to the
house of the Governor of the town of La Aconcagua,
obtained a copy of the dispatch, and undertook the ,
passage of the Cordilleras ; that, from a great height,
he saw that a man on the declivity, with a white flag,
was making a signal to him to descend, and that, as he
would not venture to descend, the man with the white
flag, who proved to be an English Gentleman, came
up to him, and delivered the said letter, confirming
the news. Games left the copy of the dispatch which
he took at La Aconcagua in the hands of the Gover-
nor of Mendoza.
44 The glorious war of our independence is, after
eleven years, thus finally terminated. The immense
and fertile territories which extend from the Rio
de la Plata to the Orinoco are now indepegdent in I
fact and in right; and there remain in them nothing
more of tyranny except its ruins. They will be
happy—for so the GREAT Ramo who governs the
destiny of nations, and who, after three centuries of
opprobrium, oppression, and slavery, has looked with
eyes of compassion on America—has decreed they
shall be."
ANOTHER IMPORTANT PIECE or INTELLIGENCE.
The same Games says, that at the time of his pas-
sage, the troops which had left Mendoza against
Carrera were at nine leagues distance from their
camp; and that afterwards the news reached him on
the road, that on the 24th of August he had been
'routed, and obliged to fly with precipitation; that he
himself saw the letter which the Commander-in-Chief
had sent to La Rioja by way of precaution, least Car.
rera should take refuge in that town.
Far from us be barbarous despotism, folly, and li-
centious anarchy, in order that true liberty may be
established on the first foundations of liberty and
justice.
To the information contained in the Bulletin, we
subjoin extracts ftom private letters, received at the
I same time:

" BUENOS AYRES, SEPTEMBER 2.
a I have hardly time to acquaint you with the
