THE CHURCH.

CAMBRIDGE, JUNE Brown's three gold
medals for the present vest were yesterday awarded as follow :
Greek Ode.—James Ilildyard, Christ College.
Latin Ode.—Charles Rann Kennetiy, 'Trinity College.
Filzherbert, Queen's College.
The following are the respective subjects :
Greek Ode.—llyssi Laus.
Latin Ode.—Cums.
Greek Epigram.—€grascit medendo.
Latin Epigrani.—Spatiis inclusus iniquis.
Wednesday, Mr. Thomas Sheldon Green, M.A. was elected a
Foundation Fellow of Christ College.
Trinity College Examination.—Alphabetical list i f the First
Classes :

Senior Sophs—Blakesley, 31e11er, Pawn, Sheppard, Wallace,
Whitton, WorHedge.
Junior Soplis—Alford, Bland, Ellis, Hamilton, Hawtrey, Heath,
Iloare, Potts, Webster, Hon. Win. Wentworth Fitzwilliam.
Fralimen—G. Allen, W. M. Barnes, Buteler, Brown, C. F.
Banbury, E. IL Banbury, Campbell, Cawn, Mr. Cavendish, Childs,
Drayton, Feachem, Fowler, lion. John Grey Hankinson, Kern.
play, H. Lushington, Lydekker, Phelps, 610d:dale,liord, Wal.
ter, IVright.
At the congregation on the 31st ult. the following grace passed
the Senate :

" Placeat vobis, ut Dominus Procancellarius, Dr. French, Dr.
Ainslie, Dr. , Turton, Professor Whewell, :dr. Lodge, Mr. M.
Thacker}, Mr. Mick, Mr. Jones, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Site'ford, Mr.
Sheepshanks. Mr. Graham, Mr. King, Mr. Studholme, Mr. Ilild.
yard, Mr. Cape, Mr. Dawes, et Mr. Gibson, Syndici nominen:ur,
qui tum de Bibhotbed/ vestry amplificantlii, ruin& Auditoriia Mu.
seitque quibus opus fuerit exstruendis consul:int, respectu habito ad
Gratias super bac re a vobis jamjam concessas ; ncenon inquirant
quibus potissitnum rationibus facultates idonete ad as opera effi-
cientla comparari possint ; dcniquc de his omnibus, ant aimul aut
separatim, ante proximum tenninum finitum,referant ad Senatum."
At the congregation this morning a Grace to the following effect
will be offer,tl to the senate :

"To add Mr. Willis, of Caius College, and Mr. Smith, of St.
Peter's College, to the Syndicate for consulting respecting the en-
larging the library, and the disposal of King's Old Court."
The following gentlemen were ordained by the Lord Bishop of
Lincoln, in Christ • College Chapel, on Sunday last, the 6th inst.—
Deacons.—Charles William Horace Alston, St. Mary Hall, Ox-
ford ;C. Bigsby, B.A. Trinity College, Cambridge ;0. Bland, B.A.
Caius College, Cambridge; Wm. Handley Bland, B.A. Caius Crl.
ledge, Cambridge; J. Boyer. B.A. Emmanuel College, Cambridge;
T. Brockman, M.A. 'Trinity College, Cambridge ; Edw. F. Chain.
berlayne, B.A. St. John's College, Cambridge; Henry Ayreece
Coles, B.A. St. John's College. Cambridge; Thomas Dainty. B.A.
Catherine Hall, Cambridge; Thomas Cornfield Haddon, S
St. John's College, Cambridge; Frederick Johnson, B.A. Catherine
Hall, Cambridge ' • Charles Longliurst, Queen's College, ('am.
bridge; Edmund Henry Outran, B.A. St. John's College, Cum-
bridge; William Toinkins, B.A. Catherine Hall, Can:Midge ;
William Langstaff Wedtlail, B.A. Catherine Hall, Cambridge.
Priests—Hon. Lowther John Barrington, I.A.N Oriel College,
Oxford ; John Charles Davenport, B.A. College. Oa-
ford ; Ilenry Fox, M.A. St. John's College. Cambridge ; Thomas
Gayfere, 11. A. 3lerton College, Oxford; George Thomas Holland,
B.A. Christ's College, Cambridge; William Ludlow, B.A. St.
Peter's College, Cambridge ; John Olive, M.A. Worcester College,
Oxford: linty Peatse, B.A. Corpus Christi College. Cambridge;
Marmaduke Prickett, M.A. Trinity College, Cambridge; Charles
Delme Radcliffe, 11..1. Magdalen College, Cambridge; William
Roby, B.A. Emmanuel College, Cambridge ; Charles Sunderland,
B.A. St. John's College. Cambridge ; John Sutton, B.A. Oriel
College, Oxford ; Robert Holder Webb. MA. Christ's College,
Cambridge; Caleb 11'hite:Oarel, B.A. QUCC:I.II College, Oxford ;
Charles Wildbore.
At an Ordination held by the Lord Bishop of Peterborough, on
Sunday last, in the Parish Church of St. John the Baptist, Peter.
borough, the following Grntlemen were adittithd into Holy Orders :
Deacons.—Join Frederick Autos, B.A. St. Pe er's College, earn.
bridge ; John Bateman 11.iteman, B.A. Balliol College, Oxford ;
Robert Sama.l Batti,cotifoe. 31. A. King's (':'liege, Cambridge ;
Thomas !Sensor, 31. A. St. ,loom's College. canibridge ; Abner
William Browne, 11 A. Queeit's College. Cembridge ; Henry
Dyke' B.A. Watiltam Ct.llege. Oxford ; I'LInIH4 Burford Leonard,
11.A.Watittain Oaford; Gcorgx: Maliti, B.A. Lincoln
College, Oxfold ; Moses 3litchell, 31. A. Magdalen Hall, Oxford ;
William Rawlings, B.A. Magdalen Hall. Oxford ; Robert Ro-
berts, B.A. Corpus Christi College. Cambridge; Henry Ralph
Rokeby, B.A. Downing College, Cambruige ; Francis Tebbutt,
S.C.L. Trinity College, Cambridge.
Priesta—Stephen Ralph Cartwright. B.A. Christ Church, Ox-
ford ; Charles 14;4erten' Gukintield, B.A. 31agti den Hall. Oxford;
Henry Fieslter, M.A. Lincoln College, Oxford; Charles Hicks
Gaye, B.A. St. John's College, Cambridge; Percy Bysshe Harris,,
BA. Clare Hall, Cambridge, Robert (sham, M.A. Brasenose Col-
lege, Oxford; Fras. Michael MacCarthy, B.A. St. Peter's College,
Cambridge; Frederick Maude, M.A. Bratienose College, Oxford;
Rd. J. Lockwood Maydwell, B.A. IVadhant College, Oxford;
George Oakes Miller, 31. A. Caius College, Cambridge.
On Friday last the Lord Bishop of Peterborough instituted the
Rev. Anthony Singleton Atcheson to the rectory of Teigh. in the
county of Rutland, void by the death of the Rev. Thos. Wingfield,
on the presentation of the Right Hon. the Earl of Hurborough.
And on Monday last the Rev. George Oakes Miller, M.A. was
instituted by the same Prelate to the rectory of Milton, otherwise
Middleton Malzor, in the county of Northampton, vacant by the re-
signation of the Rev. George Wilson Sickkmore. Patrons—Louis
!files Petit and John George Children, Esqrs.
The Rev. Augustus James Tharp, B.A. was or. Monday licensed
to the perpetual curacy of Denston, Suffolk, on the nomination of
Wm. Pigott, Esq. of Denston-hall.

Tosra or EuLeu.—The Russian journals announce
that the tomb of Ruler, the celebrated geometrician, the place of
whose sepulchre had been hitherto unknown, has just been dis-
covered in the cemetery of Verrill-Ostroff (district of &. Peters.
burgh.) A monument Is forthwith to be erected to his memory.
—.atheneum.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Fain r, JUNE ii.

Petitions were presented font Docking, and a pariah it
against the punishment of death for forgery ; from the Anti-t4iay.ly
Society, against slavery; from Ilurlington, against the renewal i.t
the East India Charter; from a town in Devotiahire to the
effect; front Galway, in favour of the Galway E;dranchia-lie:.•
Bill ; from tl:e Rev. Henry Hurg.ci. a vicar in Galway, againit
said Bill; flout Chester, against rolcwal of the But Inhar
Charter; from the retail br:u....rs :tf 1:.: e.mitty of Stavey, pray..:4
to have the monopoly of the Lite wets broken down, mai theu 0..41
restrictions removed.

Lord DURHAM begged to knew wital:-.r it was the intentioo, of
the right r.:v. prelate. (the Atzlibisbop of Czatcrburys) to pr..;,ecd
with the bill which he brought an this sei.si•tn, tektite tothc .ten_
position of thins, as it was his (Lord D.'s) intuition to mote dial
the whole subject be refartd to a committee.
The Archbishop of CAN BURY 42..1 not intend to pioc..ed
any farther this session with the bill alluded to. but he should Iniag
it forward early in the next session, s lien he hoparl dist s•:da
•1 amendments would he made in it in the committee, as would r nder
it agreeable to all parties.
Lord KING wished to know low the Right Reverend Prefer
would reconcile the mumble of this BM with the preamble of tin
Irish Tythe Composition Bill. The boater set out that the objtet
ot• it was to encourage industry in the aAr:cul.ural classes; the la•te.
professed to he for the facility of die pay atent cf du:: to l'icars rc•J
Rtctors.

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY had not adverted to ti.•
preamble of the Irish Bill ; his object in bringing in this till WAX
;he security of the Church.
'fly: Earl of MALMESBURY saw no necessity for such a
He thought that the best mode would be to Lave it print..l thci
session, mid circulated throughout the country.; by that means they
wcuid be aide to procure much information on the subject from prac-
tical men. Ile looked on it as a bill of reciprocity, for the mutual
ace:xi:m.4ll6mi of both partial. He objected to that pan or
wilt+ g::ve to the clergy a pOICCT of distraining for their dues.
After a few words :rota Lord Du IMAM and Lord HOLLAND,
the subject was dripped.
The .Marquis of LONDONDERRY roamed two pttitkaa
from ILO way, in favour of the Galway &franchisement Bill.

GRETCE.
The Maa.tuis of LONDONDERRY regretted being ohne.," to
trouble the !louse aeain respecting Greece, but he thought the: the
Noble Secretary haul treated him with sonic degree of disrespect, io
stating at the oaten that he 11110Uld produce all the papas releti
to Grcecc, when they were all celled for, withholding some that e
of the highest importance. In one of the Noble Secretary's lee .
to Prince Leopold, dated the 31st of January, were these wore',
" You had better consult your political advisers." Now he (de.
Marquis of Londonderry) • ish,d to have on the table the precede e
correspondence Lateen the Noble Secretary and Prince Leopold,
that he might learn what reason the Noble Secretary had to kilo:,
that that illustrious individual had any political advisers. In the
letter of February 9th, from the Prince to the Duke of Ntiellinrt •
ton, were these words, " I have hitherto refrained from consultinA
any of my friends un the subject of Greece, in order to avoid jealousy
but I now deem it necessary to call in the assistance of some persist,
and will wait fur your Grace's answer before Ido so." Ile (tI c
Marquis of Londonderry) would expect that the noble duke would
give a direct answer to the question, whether he believed Prince
Leopold when he stated that he had refrained from consulting any
adviser on the affairs of Grence •' for if he did believe him, he (the
Marquis of Londonderry) could not sec on what grounds the noble
Secretary had made the allusion to his political advisers. The
noble marquis then referred to the protocol of the 12th of July,
1827, in which it tins stated that the three contractirg Powers lied
the assurances of Austria and Prussia. (Ilear, hear.) With n.
spect to Austria, he had a strong feeling with respect to het power,
and he was sorry to see her entirely left out of this transaction. It
the papers which he was about to move for were produced, they
would show what line of policy this country was about to pursue._
Ile was afraid that Engle.nd was no longer the Polar Star to guide
other nations. As the noble secretary had promised to give all the
papers requind, he
otite Marquis of Londonderry) had a right to
ask for those papers which would inform him that the contracting
powers had the assurances of Austria and Prussia at the period men-
tioned. Let the noble secretary give all the papers, and not show
that there was anything left behind which he was ashamed of giving.
The noble marquis concluded by moving that an address be pre.
sewed to his Maj.:sty, to have laid on the table copies of all the
correspondence of our ambassador* relating to the assurances given
by Austria and Prussia.
The Earl of ABERDEEN would advise the noble marquis to
read the papas already beim: the house, before he took the trouble
to move any similar to those in question. He might there see the
execution of instructions to our stnhassatlont at Constantinople *to
require those assurances front the ambassadors of Austria anti
Prussia, and that the Prussian sttinister had complied on the 12th
of October, but ti:e Austrian minister declined until he had te-
ceived directions to that diet from the Austrian court. Was not
this a sufficient proof of the a”urances having been given in
October ? AVith respect to the words used in his letter to Prince
Leopold, they were justified by a private correspondence which
had previously taken place. He would now lay on the table a letter
from Count Capodistrins to l'rince Leopold, and also a letter ad.
dressed by the Senate of Greece, approving of the conduct of Cuunt
Capodistrias, and thanking I • for the part which he Mad taken.
These papers had been Kilt to hint be Prince Leopold since the last
papers had been laid on the table. they were of great importance,
and he had no doubt but that the object of Prince Leopold in send.
ing them to him was to have them laid on the table.

The Duke of AVELLINGTI tv wottld make no other reply to
the noble marquis than to refer hint to Prince Leopoldpas he thought
that the guestions put by the noble marquis were impmpt r.
Lord DURHAM was glad to see the papers now produced laid
on the ta!de, as they would corrohoratc the statements of Prince
Leopold respecting the discontent of Greece, on account of the eon.
traction of their boundaries.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY wi-lted to see the scurd
opinions of our Ambassadors at Foreign Courts, given in the replier
form, instead of the flummery which thesr papers contained ; it
was no more than the apocalypse of the proceedings. With reipeet
to the dignified Answer of the noble duke, referring him (the :tiar-
quis of bondondeny) to Prince Leopold fix the information whir':
he wanted, he (the Marquis) would say that Prince Leopold war.
not in that house, and he thought that the noble duke must avow
whether he believed that illustrious personage or not.
hord ttODERICII observed, that if the protocol of the 12:11 or
July, 1827, contained an assertion of a fact about which there was a
doubt, those who were responsible for that protocol should produce
the paper+ necessary to remove the doubt respecting the assertions
made in it. That protocol stated that the three Allied Powers had
.he assurances of Austria and Prussia ; if that was the ease, it
shoul.l be shown.

The Earl of ABERDEEN did out see what room thtre was to
doubt on the Aubject. The assertions contained in the it.structions
of the coml. of Austria to their Ambassador, were sufficient toshow
that the allegations contained in the protocol were cornet.
Len! HOLLAND thought that there was some doubt respecting
the sincerity of those assurances. Ile would suppose it possible
that Austtia, having refused to become parties to the treaty of Jul).
14 GUM endeavour to obviate the purpose of the treaty ; might they
no; give such assurat.ces as set out in the protocol, without being
sire. re

The Puke of WELLINGTON observed that the rate marquis
wumtd to know not only the sentiments of these governments at the
perhsl of the protocol, but also their sentienerds at this moment ;
seal the mode lord (Holland) wanted to know if we thought Austria
had ever been sincere in making these assurances. The noble mar.
qt,is should show ground for producing the paptts in ileestie.n : we
show that we had the assurances. The roble lord doutittel the sin-
cer!y i such assurances, but the act constquctit on such assurance
bri,'g done, implied the sincerity of such assurarce.
Lord HOLLAND could not comprehend why the Noble Sem-
tary reused the papers, when he had promised papers to their Lord-
ships' heart's content. It was evident that the Nobs Mirrlttis had
an appetite for more, and not without some mum.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY replitd.
The Earl of ‘VINCIIII.SEA would give his support to the
Noble Marquis, if he should iwrsesere in dividing the House. As
the Noble Secretary had promised papers to their ht art's conteot,
he ought not to refuse papers relating to a subject on which there
Was a doubt.

The Earl of ABERDEEN would give all the papers that hr
could with propriety; but what he meant in raying that he would
give papen to their heart's content, was that he should give papers
relating to the correspondence of Prince Leopold.
The Duke of RICHMOND was one of those who thought that
we never should have inn:meddled with Greece at all. As the
Noble Secretary had not given a Parliamentary reason for withhold.
ing the papers, he should vote with the Noble Marquis.
The Marquis of SALISBURY would opp se the motion.
The Marquis of CIAANRICARDE would support the motion.
because he thought that it was very doubtful whether Austria had
given the assurance mentioned before the 12th of July.
Lord CALTHORPE wished to know from the Noble Secretary
if it would be injurious or inconvenient to produce these papers ?
The Earl of ABERDEEN said that it would be exceedingly
injurious.
The motion was then put from the Woolsack, and the House
was cleared for • division, but none took place. On our re-
admission, we found
Lord DURHAM on his legs, stating that the reason why he had
declined to support the motion was, became the noble secretary had
stated, at the last moment, that the production of the papers would
be injurious to the public interest. If the noble secretary had stated
so ia the beginning, it would bare cartalled the discussion.
