akamiresurr Or BUSINESS.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER suggested that
the House ought not to go further with petitions, but take the bu-
siness ordered for the day—(it was then seven o'clock.)
CoL DAVIES objected, and said he could not forego the pre-
sentation of a petition put into his hands sane days ago.
After a few words from AIL Daring, Lord Althorp, Sir George
Warrender, and Alderman Wood, to the same effect (aa we under-
stood them),
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said eight o'clock
would be a proper hour, and the house agreed to commence the bu-
siness of the day at tat hour for the remainder of the session.

NEWSPAPEII, STAMP DUTY.
After the presentation of several petitions on the Bea Bin, the
Administratbn of Justice, the Oppressive Weight of Tithes, ie.
Mr. BROWNLOW said he had to present two petitions from
the letterpress printers of the towns of Newry and Belfast, against
any alteration in the stamp duty on newspapers in Ireland. The pa
titisnas. felt very naturally alarmed at the intention expressed by
the Chancellor of the Exchequer of laying an additional stress of
13 per cent. on the newspaper press in Ireland. It was proposed to
increase the duty on ordinary advertisement stamps in the ratio of
40 per cent. ands sum of 3s. ed. wee now to be laid on advertise.
meets for charitable purposes—an impost never before known in
Ireland. He would give the right honourable gentleman very little
credit for his professions of economy and retrenchment, when be
saw him proposing a most onerous duty on that which, of all other
artielrt, ought to be the least taxsd—namel , the newspaper press.
Hs would not impute to the right gentleman the cold.
blooded design of seeking to extirpate the public press of Ireland,
but most assuredly his measure, if once carried into a law, would
'have the effect ofpatly abridging the circulation of newspapers in
that country. If an increase oil revenue was the object of the right
honourable gentleman, this was not the mode to obtain it, for it
wsa found that already constituted a very declining
trade in Ireland. In 82, when the duty was Is. Bd. a revenue of
26,0001. was raised from Irish newspapers; but afterwards, when
as additional shilling was put
of
revenue never amounted to
more than 14,0001. showing a off of 12,0001. annually. It
appeared to him much better that newspaper duties should be
lowered rather than increased, if increased revenue was sought foe.
He tnaesd that the right honourable gentleman would pease before
be pushed this measure to the conclusion which he proposed.
Mr. JEPHSON said that the only course left for the Irish mem-
bers was to join with the members for England and Scotland in
calling for a reduction of taxation generally.
Mr. HUME expressed his hope that the tax on English newspa.
pas was also to be minced.
Mr. J. (RATTAN briefly top the petition.
Sir H. PARNELL was deddesUy of talon that if the duty on
English newspapaa were reduced one.balf, the amount of revenue
sand% up she :cheques would be considerably Wowed. He
did net assider this emcee Irish question, for it was one which af.
fated the whole empire.

SIICKINGIIan !AMAMI.
6, Mr. BROWNLOW moved for a Remit of the amount of mo.
soy agt:upon the repairs and situations of Buckingham Pa.
lace.—

PIT ITIOYI.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER mowed the Order
of the Day for gslsg into a Committee of Supply.
• Mr. HUME game intim that, on the next StipOy day, he should
lam a vats of mum upon the Govanment, for having grouted
liipalialisalle mid WWI &Eamon to two Commissioners of
kiraidist Moe a whoa was, at the seam time, is the receipt of a
esierrydf 1,119111. aloe, and the other of 2,1001. for oboes which
Maarhold.
MILTON WI that berme they went into a committee of
ssrply he thought it musisary there should be a :iglu understanding
as tOrloss should .be received. He wished to ask Whether
it would be 4e.ut he way about es say deostems—to receive pe-
titions of the pimple at ass se two oi&dt in the meadeg, with seine
ISM or Wail meshes promat-laisse ear.
E. SPEAEXE mid that be might be considered
• demo aid dismiss to modes r sedan of the people at
say hour whss the haw thought it detest* do the business of the
at all. Wilk regard to the attlime d *embus likely
Tots rerimt at the he": whisk be, foe the armaisrace d the

house, had suggested for reesiving.patitions, he had aright to calcu-
late upon the presence of at least fifty members, as the names of
fifty gentlemen appeared upon his list as having petitions to pre-
sent. (hear.)
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that hie ob-
ject was that of dispatching the public business, and he should be
very greatly obliged to any gentleman who would suggest the best
arrangement by which that object could be accomplished. In the
present state of business, it was impossible fur any gentleman to
say at what hour or on what night many important subjects and
matures which stood upon the order book could be brought. Meaty
of those measures, which were necessarily discussed at a late bank
were as important to the public interests as any petition could be.
Mr. FERGUSSON protested against the practice of bringing
forward great public measures at a late hour, which were of mu&
more consequence than any petition. The Bill for the improve.
ment:of the administration of justice in England, and the Led
Advocates' Bill for altering the system of judicature in Soodosi,
had both been called on at half-past one o'clock in the morni
an hour at which to talk of discussing the principles of such
measures was a mockery.
eatiCZ.
Mr. DAVENPORT, in answer to a question from the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, Rxed the presentation of the Birmingham
Reform Petition for Monday next. Having answered the right
honourable gentleman's question, he had one to put to him. It
had become known, through the foreign newspapers all over Europe,
that a protocol had lately been signed by the ministers of England,
France, and Russia, by which those powers guaranteed a loan of
upwards of two millions sterling to the Greek government. It was
understood that each of the three powers was to be responsible for
one-third of that amount. Now, if the country was to be called
upon to take on itself this additional burthen, he thought it right to
ask whether any such engagement had been entered into by the
Government. He left It to honourable members to judge whether
the House of Commons should be the last body in Europe to. be
made acquainted with such a transaction.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER hoped ,the hon.
member would not consider that he was treating him or the house
with any disrespect if he declined entering upon the subject of his
question upon that occasion. He thought it was not upon the state-
ments of the newspapers either of this or of foreign countries that
that house should found its deliberations. The negociationa upon
the question would shortly be laid fully before the house, and then
the conduct and views of the Government would be unreservedly
explained.

SUPPLY.
The order of the day being read,
Mr. HUME said that unless some explanation was given of the
liability under which the country was about to be placed, it was
impossible they should know what supplies to make, and he should
move the postponement. (Cries of "No !") He did not wish to
do any thing unpleasant, but he thought the house ought to be in-
formed upon the subject.
Sir M.W. RIDLEY deprecated these incidental discussions, by
which so much time was lost in debating as to the manner in which
they should proceed to business.
The house then went Into committee.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that in the
absence of his hon. friend the Secretary for the Treasury, he had
undertaken to propose the votes of the Miscellaneous Estimates.
He moved that a sum of 6,0001. be granted in aid of tits expenses of
erecting churches in the West Indies in the year Iglu.
Mr. H U3IE asked whether this was to be the last money voted
for the purpose of building elegant palaces for bishops ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that the sum
expended upon what the Honourable Member called palaces for
the Bishops was 4.0001. ahich had been applied to the purchase
of a house for the Bishop's residence.
Mr. W. HORTON said that the grant had originally been made
at the suggestion of Gentlemen in the West India Interest...—
They no longer thought it necessary that this country should as.
mist them in providing churches and religious instruction for the
population of those Colonies.
Sir J. GRAHAM referred to a document signed by the right
hon. Muter of the Mint, produced before the Finance Committee,
which alluded to the difficulty on the part of the Lords of the Trea-
sury to understand the colonial accounts. He confessed his total
inability, with the greatest diligence, to gain any knowledge of the
financial concerns of the colonial department.
Mr. W. HORTON thought an estimate ought to be produced,
and could conceive no reason why it should not be produced.
Mr. HERRIES thought that the subject could not be properly
discussed until documents already moved for were before the house.
Sir J. GRAHAM repeated his statement, and said that it wu
corroborated by the right hon. member, the Chairman of the Finance
Committee, within the last two months, in a publication, where he
declared it as the result of all the investigation he had bestowed upon
the matter, that the Colonial accounts were a mass of confusion.
Sir G. MURRAY concurred with those who thought that the ac-
counts of the Colonies ought annually to be laid before Parliament
by estimate. He assured the Committee that there was every dis.
position in the Colonial Office to improve the system of its accounts,
and that every exertion would be made to effect that object.
Mr. WARBURTON said that previous to the introduction of
this vote the religious instruction of the black population was in the
hands of
,the Moravian whose habits rendered them, in his
opinion, much better caudated for such a duty than bishops and
dignitaries of the church.
Mr. BERNAL denied that the West India interest had called
for this grant, and said that In discussing these questions gentlemen
ought to bear in mind that the general state of the colonial expen.
diture did not apply to the West Indies so much as to many other
colonies. Jamaica and some of the other West India islands nearly
supported their own charges.
Mr. HORTON had merely said that the West India proprietors
were favourable to the introduction of bishops into the West Indies.
He had himself been grossly misrepresented with respect to the
existence of slavery in the West Indies. The one party of the abo.
Monists contended that he did every thing in favour of slavery ;
and the other party, theplanten, accused him of
protested—and
the
greatest of their foes. Through these misunderstandings he had
been pursued into private life. Against this he p and he
did so the more strongly because he had always acted impartially—.
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. TRANT wished for an East India Budget. He thought
that all the details of the receipts and expenditure in that country
ought to be laid before the house. Mr. Dundee has been of the
same opinion, and the Board of Controul would be to blame unless

some measures upon this head were adopted
In reply to a question, the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated
that Lord Rosalyn, Mr. M. Fitzgerald, Sir Willoughby Gordon,
Lord Elliot, and himself, were the Commissioners appointed to in.
vestigate the colonial expenditure.
Mr. PORTMAN could not consent to any vote of money for the
colonies, unless his Maresty's ministers pledged themselves that a
regular budget should in future furnished.
Sir G. MURRAY could have no objection to give such a pledge
if he should be in office.

Lord LI °WICK wished to know whether the vote was for churches
commenced, or for churches projected ? if for the latter he should
oppose it.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that the
churches had been stipulated for.
Mr. GORDON observed that there was no uniformity of spa's
in the disposal of the money granted. To that he objected. The
commission which had been alluded to he regarded as most naiads.
factory, and contended that the subject ought to be refund to a
committee of that house.

Mr. BROUGHA M approved of the question put by his noble
Mend (Lord Herrick). It was $ most natural and pertinent qua.
tion, and °n ht to be satisfactorily answered before the vote was
agreed to. They ought to know whether the churches were corn.
I =need Cr not. If not, be should oppose the grant.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER thought the boa
and learned gentleman could not have been in the BOUINI
when be had stated what churches were required, and what churches
had bean commenced. No vote was submitted to that house until
a certificate had been received from the Bishops of the different co.
lonics, certifying that the Colonial legislatures had set apart, or
voted, their quota towards the building of the intended churches.
Mr. BROUGHAM wished to know for what particular colonies
the present vote was intended ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER could only speak
front recollection.

Mr. HUME contended that the vote ought to be postponed until
it was known to what colonies the money was to be given.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER believed that the
vote, if agreed to, would go to the building of a chapel at Antigua,
and a church at Barbados.

Mr. STANLEY required further information.
Lord HO WICK said that if the government was not apprised of
the radian, cues for which the money was required, of course
the vote might be postponed without inconvenience.
Mr. MANNING stated that the money had been promised to
the Island of Barbadoes se long ago as when Earl Bathurst wee
Secretary for the Colonies. The hon. member made some other
observations, but was entirely inaudible.
Mr. P. THOMPSON objected to the commission. He agreed
with the honourable member for Crichiade in thinking that it was
not well composed. 'The services of a gentleman weU quaWied had
been rekrad.
Lad SANDON 'twinned the vote, on the ground that it was
a part of the grand emus* which the house had made with the

HUME wbhed to know, wbetbsr any pert of the vote
to
Bezbadoe p to f the build/as of a sewed nodes= fee the Maher of
s

The CHANCELLOR at the EXCHEQUER stated that time
were two Bishops is the West Wks, the oaf at lierbadate, and the
other at Jasaalaa. A reddest. bad bees provided he the Mewl

of Barbadoes, and one would be provided foe the Bishop of Ja-
maica. No second residence was thought of.
The vote was then agreed to.
The sum of B,OOOL was then proposed to be granted for erect-
ing a Pier at Milford Haven.
Mr. Huns and Mr. Jzrnsow opposed the vote.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that the
pier was undertaken at the earnest recommendation of a Commit.
tee of that house.
Mr. K. TREVOR supported the vote. The pier would be of
essential service.
Lord ESSINGTON was understood to be favourable to the vote.

The rote was agreed to.
After a short discussion the sum of 12,0001. was granted towaids
erecting the State Paper Office.
The sum of 4,7001. was proposed to be granted to defray the ex.
peaces of the Holyhead Road and Howth Harbour.—Agreed to.
mu sum of 10,0001. was rotcd foe the new building in the Bri.
tish Museum. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

The sum of 30,5001. was granted for the salaries of the Officers of
the Houses of Lords and Commons for 1830.

In reply to Mr. Hume, the CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER
stated that the vote varied in amount in accordance with the fees re.
ceivecl.

Mr. HUME wished to have some details, and should move for a
return of that nature.

On the question being put that 17,0001. be granted to defray the
expenses of the Houses of Lords and Commons for 1830,
Mr. HUME thought the allowances required cuttailment.—
Agreed to.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that
87.3881. be granted to make good the deficiency in the fees in the
various offices In the treasury deprment.
Mr. GORDON proposed t6t the items should be separated.
He objected to the way in which the Treasury accounts were
drawn up.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he per-
sonally would have no objection to the change proposed.
Mr. PORTBIAN contended that the salari.s of all public offi-
cers ought to be reduced in proportion with the change which bad
taken place in the currency. la 1778 Mr. Gilbert had proposed
that the salary of all who received above 200 L a year, should be re.
duced one-fourth. He, however, would not not go so far, but
could wish to see them reduced one-tenth. It was want of informa-
tion alone which prevented him from making a motion to that effect.
He wished to know whether ministers would undertake to furnish
an account chewing what sums were actually paid to public officers.
The time for severe economy was come, and must be acted upon.

Sir J. GRAHAM said it was his intention to move to-morrow
for such a return u was wished for by his bon. friend (Mr. Port-
man.) They should not stoop to ignoble game while there were
birds of prey and of heavier Sight in the upper regions of the air.—
The only man who bad come forward in the present distress was the
Viceroy of Ireland. He was glad to be corrected. Lord Camden
had, to his immortal honour, come voluntarily forward when the
ease was not so pressing as at present. (Hear, bear, hear.) But
the only men who had come forward on this occasion were the Duke
of Northumberland and Mr. Moore. His motion he should bring
forward, and it would give the information so ;much wished by his,
hon. friend. He understood that it was the intention ofgovernment
to oppose the making of the return he required, but he trusted he
should receive the support of the house. He wished to know what
was meant by making good the deficiency in the fees on the various
offices.

The CHA NC KLI.OR of the EXCHEQUER complained that
the honourable baronet profaned a greater degree of candour than
he showed In his actions. The hon. baronet had told the committee
that the government had intimated their intennon of opposing his
motion, but in aging that he had communicated to the committee
only one hail of the information which had been conveyed to him.
He (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) himself had told the hon.
baronet that his motion would be opposed, but he had also told
hint that the honourable member fur Lincoln had moved for a
return which was in the course of preparation, and which would
present the whole subject to the house, while that wished for by
the honourable baronet would be only partial. (Hear, hear.)—
He had no wish to withhold information from the House, but he
wished the House to know the whole of the ease, and not merely
a part. (Hear, hear.) The honourable baronet had stated that be
was a bird f prey. kle should wish to know whether, if he,
honestly, as be did, however inefficiently, discharging his duties
and receiving the emoluments which his predecessors received,
war to be regarded any more as a bird of than that man
who hereditarily entered upon large He knew not
from what vocabulary the honourable baronet selected his phraseo-
logy, or why he was to receive In the society of gentlemen such
an appellation u that which bad been applied to him. (Hear.)
He did not, however, wish to interrupt the regular course of business,
but would endeavour to give the information which had been re.
quired of him. Much reduction had been made in the salaries of
public officers. Since 1821 every salary had been reduced; the smallest
reduction was 17 per cent. and the largest 10 per cent. With respect
to superannuation', the greatest economy had been observed by the
treasury. The total amount drawn out of the treasury, to be divided
among persons who bad long served the public, amounted only
to 3,3981.
Sir JAMES GRAHAM, in explanation, admitted that be had
I used a well-known metaphor Improperly. He did not mean any
offence to the right. boo. gentleman. He acknowledged having
soared too high, but his Intention was to deprecate the enjoyment
of large incomes in the present state of the country. Tomorrow
he should make the motion of which he had given notice, and
bring the salaries received by public servants under the view of
that house.

Col. SiBTHOSPE wee sure no hon. member could consider the
metaphor used by the hon. member for Cumberland a reflection on
the right hon. gentian= who had risen to the office he then held
with so much honour to himself. He should certainly propose a
reduction In the rote, if the Member for Aberdeen did not.

Mr. HUME, looking to a treasury minute made in 1821, by
which no officer of the treasury was to have more than 2,000 L a.
year, expressed a wish to know why that regulation had not been
observedHe found that Mr. Hill, the late assistant clerk of the
treasury, enjoyed a salary of 2,600 L and that CoL Stewart, who
succeeded Mr. Hill, received the same amount.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER described the du.
ties of Assistant Clerk of the Treasury to be extremely laborious
so much so, that dlr. Hill had tallest a victim to his exertions in
the discharge of those duties. On the best consideration government
could give, they thought 2,600 L was not too much for the extra.
ordinary exertion required in the situation.

Mr. HUME said it was not consistent to give Colonel Stewart, a
new individual in the Are, as much as Mr. Hill, an old servant,
bad received.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER eulogised the able
conduct of Col. Stewart as a soldier who had sego service, but that
officer did not take a =boy of 2,11001. for military service. Col. S. at the
end of the war, was employed in the department of many moan
and in consequence of the ability with 'which he diirged
his duty, be was sent Commissioner to Ireland to ineesdases
the Customs department, and his exertions were so sd
to the public, that the Earl of Liverpool promoted him u?atllit=
of Stamps, at a salary of 2,0001. The right bon. gentleman wk
be tame into oaks, thesOt it his duty to recommend him to the
Duke of Wellington, not sea military °Meer, but for the talent he
had displayed in various dvil dices.
Mr. GORDON said the question put by his bon. friend the mem.
bar for Aberdeen was, why the pledge given by the Treasury, that
the eatery of the bsastary should not exceed %,0001. had been
broken ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER raplalud.
Lord MILTON thought a departure from the Tresaury minute
could not basdiled.
Mr. C. WOOD upraised his intention to move the salary of the
sisistant.derk of the Treasury be reduced 5001. in ceder that they
might not oppose the Treasury minute of 1821.
Mr. HUMS contended that the government had shun a eat-
tempt of economy, in allowing a salary beyond the stun Axed in the
Treasuty minute.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said Cal. Bo-
wan was receiving 2,0001. in the Board of Stamps when they
wished to have him in the Treasury. By taking him from the
Board of &amps, a saving seamed to the public of 2,8001. be-
cause get rid of one Commissioner ftmps.
LordtheITANLEY did not admire what be called the balancing
system, and expressed a that the house would that night,
by their vete, show that ft net be sanctioned.
Mr. F. LEWIS held that it would be injustice to deprive Col.
Stewart of the salary. The best and most economical policy was to
pay meritorious Akers well.
Lord HOWICK admitted that it was tight to secure splendid
services by peeper solids% bat that might brie bee done by, re.
dyeing the salaries se Me miemikelenste of
Mr. DAVENPORT the estinme= Waked state.
Air. MABERLY hhmedisseepoiled to tote fora re-
duction of the Mum. in wear to support the Timmy minute of
I 1821.

Mr. IL PITZINIMALD said the somewl of piddle Wiese hed
been placed by the liamcs co- mmimes la the heads of the Treasury,
and trhatop it was mimed se allow the Treasury the powerM to
e kw public menial*
Mr. C. WOOD said he shoagee*l wily om the tome of the worm
ohm. of 1.11, sod divide the amemimee. As UK =see the thee
*outs snowed bad bussiespeed as 'ahoy fte the Awateme Clerk
of the Timmy ha shoal uses * sedan the allow MIL The
boa. simeeber al=iy moved let die mai lIMSII. (lassead
of sum.) bp so his minty mks psi my diking
ia the 41SMNI101 et elle
Sir G. Weimer:ma =die asmions.

The Committee then divided, when there appeared_
Fe, the Resolution.... . . .
For the Amendment
Majority
Sir A. GRANT then reported megrim, the house resumed, an,'
the report was ordered to be received en Friday.
DESERTED CHILDREN (IRELAND) SILL.
Lord LEVESON GOWER mov the otder of the day for
house going into Committee on this bill.
Mr. O'CONNELL moved that the house do adjourn. He evu:u
not consent to go on with business at those late hours, because ',ha:
was done at those late hours could not be known to the public. I.
business was to be done, whyacould not parliament be called !ow
then earlier, or why not sit later ? If members came to do busine„,
they ought to do it. He would persevere in his motion of adjoin.
mcnt.

The motion being seconded, was put from the Chair.
Mr. DOiIERTY rose, and stated the nature of the business be.
fore the house. which was the recommitting of this Bill, for the pqr.
pose of being printed. It was a bill eigrest consequence to Irclai.d,
and yet this was the occasion which the hon. and learned member
took to peopose an adjournment. That was not all ; but the hon
and learned member read a lecture to the house upon its duties.
The hon. and learned member said that many speeches were mad;
in the house, and no reply could be made to them. That was truth ,
and, until replies were made to such speeches, it would be better ft
the hon. member to refrain from such remarks.

Mr. SLAPIRY wished to put the House in possession of the
circumstances of this case. In consequence of the reduction of the
Foundling Hospital in Ireland, it was thought right to make pro.
vision for deserted children. He had amendments to make to the
bill, and he wished to take this opportunity of moving them.
Mr. S. RICE said, if the motion for adjournment was to
persevered in, he would oppose it; but he suggested that it
would be better to take such business as would not produce 11
difference of opinion, and leave for another night such questions
as were disputed.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, but we understood
division took place.
On our return to the gallery, we found Mr. O'Cowsreta. saying
that, when he came into the house, his object was to burin oblivion
all differences, and all recollection of past usages:dons ; but he fotin
s
many were willing to keep these differences alive. He would only say
that he was now prepared to make good the charges which he has
made respecting the Borriookane business, and on Tuesday he weep
present the petitions. He was now able to prove every dale he ad.
vaneed and the only way of preventing him was to reject tilt
petitions. As to the Doneraile conspiracy, he would also have
an opportunity of establishing that case, and of showing that there
was mismanagement at least. Übe had postponed die:modem o.
these questions, it was from a wish to busy them in oblivion.- -
He would persist in his motion of adjournment of questions re.
greeting Ireland, as now silence was imposed in that country 1s
more ways than one.
Lord LEVESON GOWER hoped the lassoed gent. would ad.
mit the impossibility of any personal feeling between himself err,:
the hoe, and learned gent. but he was bound to say the speeelie,
were made in another country, in which they could not be answere,!.
The hon. and learned member alluded to acts of the Government in
Ireland, but he was able to maintain every act of that Government.
If the bon. member objected to what was done under an Act of Par-
liament, his best way was to move for the repeal of that act.
To a question from Mr. DOHERTY, Mr O'Coston.r. raid, ht
meant to present petitions respecting the Borrisokane, affair to.mo:.
row (this evening.)
The lion member then complained that no appointments were
made among the bat in Ireland, as was expected. He did not ea.
pect any appointment for himself, as being always opposed to go.
vernment ; it would be striking to him to make him King's Court.
set. He was pleased with Mr. Pennefather getting the vacant Ser.
geantcy.
The report of the committee on the above bill was then received,
and it was ordered to be taken into further consideration on Mon.
day next.
The committee on the Forgery Bill, and the Quarter Sessions it
Scotland Bill, and the resolutions on the Tobacco duty, were post.
polled to Monday.

TENURE Or OFFICES ON THE DENISE Or THE atom.
Mr. HUME moved for leave to bring in a bill for enabling all
filling civil and military offices in Great Britain and ire.
o°lll
, and in the colonies, to held those offices on the demise of the
crown, until removed_ by the succeeding King or Queen.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER opposed the too.
lion, and contended that such a bill as that now proposed was a:
variance with the principles of the constitution.
Col. DAVIES supported the motion.
After some further conversation, in which Col. Dr nu,. Mr.
W. C. WYNN, Mr. J. WOOD, and Col. WooD, took pert,
Mr. HUME consented to withdraw his motion, upon the un.
dentanding that be was to be allowed to bring in a Bill to ten-
der unnecessary the payment of fees for the renewal of office on
the demise of the Clown.

The other orders of the day being disposed of, the house ad.
lionised at half-past Two o'clock.

THE KING.

WINDSOR, MAY 10.—From the most authentic but
private information, it is clearly ascertained that hi..
MAJESTY is daily improving. This day Earl BATIIURSI
and Lord MELvILLa arrived at the Castle, in order to
make their personal inquiries relative to the state of his
MA J EST Y'S health. Their Lordships arrived at one o'clock,
and had an interview with the Lord Steward and his MA-
./ Err Y's physicians, after which they left the Castle at a
little after two, on their return to town. Both his Mt.
JESTY'S physicians still continue in constant attendance.
The medical gentlemen remained at the Palace during the
day, and it was arranged would sleep there last night.—
A despatch was brought to the Palace about one o'clock
yesterday afternoon from the Duke of WEL LI N °TON fur
his MAJESTY.—A copy of the bulletin was forwarded to
the Duke of CLA RE NC E, at his residence in Bushy Park,
by twelve o'clock.—The bulletin was shown at the KIN 's
Palace, St. James's, by Lord GLENLYON, as Lord in
Waiting, and Mr. HOPE (for Sir W. KEPPEL) as Groom
in Waiting.—The inquiries were, as usual, very nu-
merous.

The Duke and Duchess of CIINDELAND came to
town yesterday morning, from their residence at Kew.
The Prince of &gams arrived at the King's Palace, St.
James's, in full uniform, and wee introduced to their
Royal Highness... The Prince was attended by the
Baron de BADEN. The Russian AmhasEador and Prin-
cess Litv EN visited the Duke and Duchess.

The Duke of WELLINGTON paid a visit to Sir Ro-
smaT PEEL, on Saturday afternoon, after his return
five a visit to the KING at Windsor. Sir ROEF.ET,
asseaspanied by Mr. W. PEEL, the Under Secretary
of State for the Home Department, left town at an
sally hour yesterday morning, to attend the funeral of
hs late father, at Drayton Park, Staffordshire.
The Spanish Minister had an interview with the Earl
et ABERDEEN yesterday, at the Foreign Office.
tches from Tangiers were received at the Colo-
nhlpsakce yesterday.
Sir ROBERT PEEL, Mr. W.Y. PEEL, and Mr. Dow-
SON, left town yesterday morning to attend the funeral
of Sir R. PEEL, which is fixed to take place this day.
Sir ROBERT will be interred in the family vault at Dray-
ton Manor.
The

for the Parliamentary grant for
Windsor Castle had a meeting at the Treasury yesterday
Those present were the Duke of WELLINGTON, the
CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER, Lord GRANTHAM.
Viscount LOWTHER. Lord FARNBOROUGH, Sir M. W.
RIDLEY, Sir JITIMAX WYATXILLE, the architect to
the Palace, was in attendance during the meeting.
In a parliamentary document recently printed, amongst
the Sheriff's claims upon the Exchequer for expenses for
Lola and Middlesex, there is this item—" For sew
seen ng theMenbersfor thecosotty oilliddlesex to acted
did ratty ix Parliament, 101. 10s. ' the Exchequer has
" aileured" for such summoning "101." Why 10e. were
duleeked does not appear. The next charge is neatly
HE 411/101116 fie the Sheriff's " attending on persons (query
eabarsee seed the Acts of Parliament transmitted to the
, 51. 55." This charge of Sys guineas is "disal-
lowed," but why does not appear; for if the Sheriffs in
1828 and 1827 read to themselves or others all the Acts
transmitted to them, they would have weed the 61.55.
holier than the preceding 101.
