TUESDAY EVENING, APRIL 19, 1831.

N°. 13,762.

IMPERIAL PARLIAM ENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Aran 18.

The Duke of SUSSEX presented a petition from Hammersmith, in
favour of Reform; also, from Kensington, Halifax, county of York;
also from St. Luke's Palish, to the same erect.'
Earl of CARLISLE presented a similar petition from Haddington.
Lord HOOD presented the Warwick petition fur Ref. am.
The Earl of WARWICK expressed an opinion, that the petition
did not express the sense of the county.
Lord CALTHORPE considered the Reform Bill a stigma on the
House of Commons. The Noble Lord complained of popular ex-
citement, and expressed a sanguine hope, that notwithstanding the pro-
ceedings of Ministers, the 13111 might not receive the sanction of that
House.

The Earl of ELDON complained of irregularity in the frequent al-
lusions made to a Bill in the other House, and in order that the prac-
tice might not he drawn into precedent, he should feel it his duty to
submit a proposition on the subject.
Lord WALSINGHAM said, he was decidedly against any mea-
sure of Reform, the principk of whic't was disfranchisement.
The Earl of HARE WOOD said he was convinced that the House,
for its own enovenieuee, should not discuss the Reform Bill on petitions,
and it was his wish to abstain frourntliemsaion until the proper time,
but. there were circumstances connected with the bill whit 1. called for a
few remarks. If a measure of this sort was to be carried into effect
under the excitement of the people, every one must deplore the result.
They had heard from his Majesty's Government something like a threat
in both houses. In the other house they were threatened with disso-
lution of Parliament, In that house it was nut dissolution, but
an intimation that danger might arise from resistance to the
measure. Ile held such threats to be impolitic and disrespectful
to the house. It was impossible for a govannient, carrying on
the affairs of the country, not to be sensible of the state of the
public press. The noble lord had the strongest respect for a
free press, at the same time he must say when a government found
the press advocating their cause in a manner that threatened parlia-
ment, he might say the crown—(hear, hear, hear,)--he considered it
the duty of government to interfere. He did nol recommend prosecu-
tion ; hut it was the duty of Ministers to disclaim the arguments with
which the press was supporting their cause. There were circum-
stances connected with the bill which brought to his recollection events
anterior to revolution. He could not conceive how any person wishing
well to the country could hive taken an opportimity during the ex-
citement of the foreign mind to bring forward a measure which had
not been will considered. The noble lord had considered the moderate
Ref ern once proposed by the noble and learned lord on the woolsack,
and the noble earl, not at all objectionable; but it was not for him to
say why the noble lords had abandoned their original opinions for a
new system. So far from being an enemy to alterations suitable to the
times in which we live, he should always be ready to join in making
it ; but to the Bill which bad been introduced by the Government for
Reform, he could not say content. He saw a smile on the faces of se-
veral Noble Lords; but he was not a man to adopt inconsistent argu-
ments for the sake of popularity.
Earl GREY said, he had always considered discussions on the sub-
ject of the measure for Reform irregular ; hut irregular as they were, he
had not considered himself precluded from vindicating the measure for
which with his colleagues he was rtsintesible. He should be the last
man to suppose the Noble Earl was captivated by popularity ; and he
did rot knovethere was any thing to raise the smile to which the Nolle
Earl had alluded ; but he might congratulate the Noble Lord fled the
public on one good effect produced by the Reform bill. Up to that mo-
ment, upon all questions for Reform, no man in that house or in I
the country had ever heard the Noble Lord support Reform in any
degree. They were consequently entitled to say, that the question
of Reform h.d produced In the Noble Lord's mind-an impression
that some Reform was necessary. One or two things had been
said which required a few observations. The Noble Lord could
not have been present at any of the late debates, otherwise
he ',mid have known that no threat had been used on the Ministerial
side of the LOOM. He ( Lord Grey) had neither inclination nor autho.
tity to threaten, but at the sante time, he had said he was deter.etn ed.
with his colleagues, to support the principle of the measure. With
respect to the other threat (as the noble called it), of danger in not
passing the bill, he might ask, whethet pointing out the danger attend-
ing a political measure could fairly br called a threat ? How was it
possible to avoid topics of that nature? Did the noble duke thteaten,
when he stated, three years ago, that civil war and danger would
result from not granting to Ireland the Catholic question ? Those
statements from the noble duke were not threats, but salutary tea.
sons fur passing that interment measure. The noble earl would
say there was a strong feeling on tit. part of the public on the sub.
jest of reform ; and every man who considered the state of the country.
must feel what the rejection of the reform measure must produce
on the minds of the people; but so far from threats having been
used by his Majesty's government, he would contend they had re-
sorted to nothing but a fair line of argument. But he might ask, when ,
dangers were urged on one side, was there nothing stated on the other ?
It was said it was impossible to succeed with is measure of this conse-
quence during a period of popular excitement. The question was agi-
tated before he came into office, amid he considered the settlement of it
important with a view to the tranquillity of the country. It was likely
to produce peace, because the balance greatly preponderated in favour
of the proposition. He was sure the noble lord would not believe his
Majesty's Government had done any thing to produce excitement ; he
believed there had been no instance in which a popularquestion had been
so little influenced by the conduct of government. The noble lord had
called upon the government to be answerable for the libels and matter
which appeared in the daily press. He had no controul over the press,
but he could not help saying the press at the present day had a better
spit it than he bad ever known. It was not his duty as a minister to
come down to answer for libels on one side the question or the other.
(Hear, bear.) He had been libelled perhaps more than other men, but
he disregarded what was said, trusting to the good sense of the public.
The Noble Lord, in arraigning his Majesty's Government, ought to do
equal justice to both sides of the question. The bill he had introduced,
with his colleagues, was founded on constitutional principles, and it
was desirable that the public should feel a sober conviction that it was
consistent with those principles.
The Earl of HA REWOOD explained.

SIZACII Or SIMILEGL
The Earl of LIMERICK ruse to complain of the press with respect
to what he considered an unwarranted attack on himself. In a morn-
ing paper be had been called " a Thing," and held up to malicious ridi-
' cute. Their Lordships would recollect that he was the only speaker upon
a petition presented by a noble lend, on Friday last. He was a friend to
the press. but a genre of honour and his situation in that house made it
impossible, in his opinion, to parr over the attack made on him. The
Noble Earl read the article which appeared iu the Times of Saturday :
—" Yet mean, cruel, and atrocious, as every civilised mind must con-
' Bider the doctrine, that Ireland has no need of poor laws, or some equi-
valeta foe them,—hateful and abominable as is such a screen for inhai-
manity—there are men, or things, with human pretension., nay wi.h
lofty privileges' who do not blush to treat the mere proposal of est..
blishing a fund tor the relief of the diseased or helpless Irish with brutal
ridicule and moot impious scow. Will any man credit that an Iriab
absentee lord could say what he is re-ported to have uttered in the
House of Peers last night, when Lord Roseberry presented a petition,
praying that a compulsory tax ou land might be introduced into Ire-
land, towards alleviating her poor ? We shall not name hini,—bc-
CAllse the House of Lords is armed with a thing called a " tlar' "and
other disagreeable appendages. But there are members of that house
who surprise nobody' by declaring their iudifference too popular odium'
—especially when they arc at such a distance from Ireland as to ensure
the safety of their persons." The noble earl hiving commented on the
above, moved that the article be read to the house.
It was accordin,4 read by the Clerk at the table.
The Earl of LI MRR ICK then moved that the printer of the paper
be ordered to attend at the bar of that House to-morrow.
The Fail of HADDING'f ON thought the house ought to decide
that it WAS a breach of privilege before the motion was agreed to.
The LORD CHANCELLOR paid he concurred with the remarks
of the Noble Lord (I.liattiek), it a case was made out, the interference
of the House was necessary. I en the subject of there controversies he had
however, one word to offer, which he humbly hoped would not be inap-
plicable on the present occasion; he was sure it was well meant. 'I be ex-
perience which he had had in the other house cf Parliament, where they
were of more frequent recurrence, the experience also of the Speaker, and
of other Members of that House, went to prove that these discussions
vele rarely entered upon without having cause to repent them. The
parties wbo brought them forward rarely got out of them with any LC.
ens on of strength to their cause. If then, was a clear and undeniable
outrage committed on any member of their lordships' house, no man
could deny but that the offending party ought to be brought to the bar
of the house; but the question of breach of privilege did not merely
consist in animadverting upon their lordship.' conduct, coupon what
might be said in that house; the bare noticing of their lordships'

PRICE 71).

Vetches was beyond all doubt a breach of privilege. In most cases
o that kind he had found that the person alto had originated the in-
quiry was the vety first who wished to get rid of it. For his own
part. he (the Lord Chancellor) had daily seen remarks and animadver-
sions on public man ten thousand times stronger than the one alluded
, to on the present occasion by the noble lord, and yet no notice was
takes of them ; both he and the noble earl at the head of the Govern-
ment had been frequently attacked by some journals in every possible
way, and in such terms that the present, comparatively speakirg, m;ght
be viewed as the language of courtesy (a laugh.) The Noble Duke
(Wellington) in like manner, and a right 1,11. hernort (Sir R. Peel) in
the other house, three year, ago, when the ra holie qaectiow was before
Parliament,were also assailed in terms to which •he present was the lan.
gnage of panegyric. For his own part' he bad always pursued one
undeviating course, persuaded that truth and right would triumi h in
the end; but could there really be any thing mo-e vague than the
terms of the Noble Lord's ground of complaint ? The amount of
it was merely this—" Can it be srlieved that any Noble Lord would
credit what it was reported another Noble Lord had acid."—(A
laugh.) He rather doubted there was not aullicieut grounds for the
Noble Lord's (Limerick's) motion • but it was not anirely on that
touting that he (the Lend Chancellor) would take the liberty of ten-
, acting hlllheunble advice. which was that it would be much better for
the noble lord to forego his minion, he having amply defended his con
duct before their lordships. Noble lords ought to be just to the daily
press of the country ; he spoke of no other, for he saw no other, aad
indeed very little of that ; hut there never was a time perhops hh
greater political heat and animosity when that press wits corduo•ted with
more fairness aid temper than at present. The noble and learned Ird
conclu4ed by expressing an opinion that the noble lord (Limerick)
would not do great service by the motion before the House.
The Earl of ELDON, in a very low tone of voice, observed, that as
the noble lord's feelings of charity towards the pone of Ireland ap-
peared to he impugned, be would have been deficient In his duty as a
Peet of Paliamenr, had he not brought forward his motion.
The Earl of H ADDINGTON considered that the noble lord
(Limerick) acted wisely in bringing forward his motion. There was a
wide diference between a noble lord, or hon. gentleman of the other
house, who acted as a public character, and another who was merely as
a private individual, being made the subject of scurrilous attacks. The
noble lord could not throw himself or his actions on the country for jus-
tice, as in the case of those who acted as public individuals. The article
in question really appeared to him (the Earl of Haddington) as an In-
fringement of the liberties of the house, and could not in justice be poised
unnoticed. He agreed. In part, with the remarks made by the noble
lord on the woolsack, as respected the daily press ; he had seen, how-
, ever, the conduct and motives of an illustrious individual, in reference
to the measure before the other house, also impugned. He trusted the
motion of the noble lord would not be dropped.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, there was now no choice ; the
motion of the noble lord had been made, and, as a matter of course, it
ought to be put ; for his own part, he wished it might be carried with-
out any division of the house, to show that their lordships were unani.
mous on the point. At the same time, he should observe, that he
would neither be doing his duty by his Sovereign, whom he served, nor
by hinuelf, were lie to omit mating, that he felt satisfied there was not
a shadow of foundation for the charge which had been brought against
the illustrious personage alluded to; and he was perfectly astonished
when his attention was turned to the subject.
After a few words from Lord ROLLE,
The :Marquis of LONDONDERRY was of 'minion that the
Noble Lord's motion WWI well &undid. When he heard the argu-
ments used by the Noble and Learned Lord on the Woolsack, he
(the Marquis of Londonderry) imagined for the monsetit that that noble
and learned lord himself must have been the writer of the article in
question. With respect to the aspersions cast on the Illustrious Person
to whim allusion had been made in the course of the pro sent conversa-
tion, the King's dtttorney.General ought to have received itoseructions to
proceed against the parties who lubricated them.
Lord EIM BRICK explained. As an Irishman he could nut resist
bringing forward him motion.
Thu LORD CHANCt.LLOft observed, that until recently he was
not aware that any charge had been made, therefore ho aruhl DOI have
given the Attorney-General any instruction on the subject.
The :Marquis of LONDONDERRY said, if the Noble and
Learned Lord on the Woolsack had not heard the aspersions alluded
to, he was the only man in England who had not. Now that the
Noble and Learned Lord had been made acquainted with the circum-
stance he ought to give instructions to the Attorney.tieneral to take
step- against the propagators.
Lord TEYNHA -thought their Lordships ought to consider the
crLis brought about in France by the newspapers of that country.
Lord 111ILLE wished to know of the noble earl at the bead of the
Government if any papas had been transmitted to him front a place
called " The Rotunda,' where certain meetings were sometimes held ?
and if the noble earl was aware that such meetings were there held ?
Earl GREY had heard of such meetings, and lie deprecated them as
much as any of their Lordships.
Lord ItOLLE inquired if any animadversion had been made on the
Archbishop of Canterbury in the papers alluded to? (A laugh.)
Earl GREY admitted that the right reverend prelate had been spoken
of in terms not very creditable to his Guam
The question was then put and carried.
The printer of the Times was therefore ordered to be brought to the
bar of the house to morrow (this day).
After same conversation between the LORD CHANCELLOR and
Lard WYNFORD, the Bankrupt Amendment Laws Bill unordered
to be re.committed that week.

CIVIL LIST.

After a few words across the table, between Earl GREY and the Duke
of WELLINGTI tl4l, the Civil List Bill was read a second time, and
ordered to Le committed to.tnotrow (this day),
Petitions in favour of Worn' were then presented by Lord Don•
HAM, from the Ward of Bridge; by Lord FIFE and by Lord
WHAZYCLITIFE against the measure; and by a right reverend Bishop
against slavery.
Mr. Crater, from the Treasury, presented a copy of the Treasury'
minute, respecting the reduction of the salaries of the civil officers of
the Crown.

Adjourned at Half past Seven o'Cloek.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, APRIL 18.

The Gallery, immediately after it was opened, was aowded to cz.
etas, and it was requisite to have constables along the passage to keep
the approaches to the lobby of the house and the gallery stairs tolerably
elev. In the house, all the places were taken in the usual way, by
having affixed to the backs of the seats papers, announcing that the
Members who stuck up the said notices would b:present at " prayers."
When the Speaker entered the house at three o'clock there was an
amazingly full attendance of Members ; between two and three hun-
dred Members were then present. While prayers are reading, it is
usual for Members to turn round, and thus present their backs to the
Chaplain and the table ; Mr. O'Connell and his son were present, but
they adopted the contrary course, and stood up with their faces towards
the Chaplain.

CITY 11170111 TETITION.
Mr. J. SMITH presented a petition from the City of London,
signed by upwards of nine thousand six hundred persons. It was a pe-
tition of no common character—it well deserved the consideration of the
House. Two individuals only had appeared against it ; all the other
signatures were those of hankers, merchants, &c. It was said that the
Bill before the House was of a revolutionary character. If there were
revolution, those who bad signed it would be the first victims of it.—
They had no dread of any such revolution; on the contrary, they prayed
that the Bill might pass, the petitioners being convinced that it was
calculated to secure propetty and the existing institutions of the
country.
Mr. Alderman WOOD spoke to the respectability of the meeting,
and the signatures that had adopted the petition by attaching their
names to it. Petition ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHILPOTTS presented a petition from Gloucester, complain-
ing of the Beer Bill ; also one from Berkeley, in layout of the Re
form Bill.

SERI BILL.
Mr. DUNDAS presented a petition from the Grand Jury of Berk-
shire complaining of the operation of the beer bill.
Mr. It. PALMER said some parts of the bill were required to
be altered. Its operation had been injurious. It had induced peo-
ple to leave their work, and to consume their time aed means in the
beer houses. He trusted that the Ministers would direct their atten.
tion to this subject.
Mr. F. PALMER declared that the beer bill was cheaper and
better—how then could it have operated to the injury of the la.
bouring classes ? He spoke as a Magistrate, and he declared that
he had seen no miashlcf resulting from the bilL—Petition ordered to
be pruned.

1170131 M
Mr. HODGES presented petitionsPlTlTlONllfrom Hythe and another plate,
in favour of the Reform bill.
Er. HOWARD said the intention of the ministers to preserve the

of freemen, apprentices, &c. had given great and
m in all corporate towns. He had been unfortunately
presenting a petition signed by upwards of two thou-
persons expressing satisfaction on this point. They approved
the bill, and justly, which would glee a real instead of a caricature re-
oteuniation. He trusted that the bill would pass lam a law.—Or-
dried to be printed.
Mr. HODGES then presented petitions from Loweetor, and free-
holaers of Sussex. in favour of the Reform Bill.
Alderman II'INCHESTER--As one of the freeholders of the
county of bums, front whom the petition just now presented by the
hon. member for the county of Kent purports to be, I am desirous of
ascertaining to what parts of the noble Paymaster's bill for the reform
of Parliament Its prayer particularly alludes • for if I understood the
noble Lord rightly, the other night, he declared his readiness to aban-
don a great part of the principle of the bill row before the house--
(" hear, hear." and " no, no,'' from many members.) Some hon.
members say no, ro ;" but I beg to state that such is the feet, and
I am not alone in that impression, both as regards the opinion in this
house and out of dams. I shall now express my dissent from the
prayer of the petition, that as it mentions freeholders generally, it
might not be understood I was at all concerned in forwardirg,or of being
interested in theft measure.

Mr. tURTEIS supported the latter petition; he trusted the bill
would pass.
Mr. SHELLEY said the hill was by no means a favouriteamonwt
the yeomen of Busse:: the hest thing he had beard uttered in favour
of th.• bill wcs declared at the meeting which agreed to this petition,
namely—speaking of the ministers--
If to their share some fiscal errors fall,
Look at their Bill, and you'll forget them all.
' Lord G. LENNOX said. he had travelled through the county. and
he found all in favour of the bill. (Hear.) He had been present at
meetings of Yeomen—and all approved of the bill. (Hear.) Even in
the lion. member', (Mr Shelley's) own town of Lewes, only two
drunken yeomen, and himself, bad adopted his views against the reform
bill. (Laughter and dicers.)
Mr. C. PELHAM observed, that he had heretofore been an inde-
pendent freeholder, but if this bill passed. he should be the dependant
of a hired minion.—Petition ordered to lie on the table.
BOROUGHS or IRELAND.
Mr. COOPER, in placating • petition, expressed the far that
the measures of the Government were calculated to favour Gahm
this'll in Ireland. It wu from Protestants at a place Near Sligo,
against the reform bill.
Mr. O'CONNELL said, if this petition were believed, ft would
spun' as if some thought that it was requisite to continue Parliamentary
corruption to sustain the Protestant ascendancy. (Hear.) Where was
the ,i,cesaity for Parliamentary corruption to sustain religion? The
cvitiection between church and state hid ever been, and continued to
he, mos: deitimental to the interests of pure religion. It was said, that
it' the reform measure were carried, it would lead to an alteration of
the clutch establishment in Ireland. Would that be disadvantageous
to Ireland ? What could be so preposterous as to require a vast ma-
jority of I-conic—twenty to one—to contribute to a church in which they
did not believe? (Hear, hear.) As to the petition, he wished tl.e
Honourable Member would have a public meeting called at Sligo.
Mr. G. DAWSON said, that let the Member for Waterford delude
himself as he pleased, in a fortnight the Protestant mind of Ireland
would be aroused, and would petition that house against this bill
Sligo, and othet like places, had no right to be charged with borough.
mongering and corrupt influence ; both were in reality much more ex-
erted in the tcturn of' the Hon. Member for Waterford, who was
wholly unknown in that county, except as an agitator. Sligo and
other pleas had the franchise conferred on them, purposely to secure
the Protestant Mincers in Ireland against Catholic influence.
Sir J. NEWPORT said, if it were requisite he could prove that
outs for Sligo had been sold (loud cheers)—and sold, too, to the
hest bidders. (Continued cheering.); The Marquis of Ely. in his
will, had mad: provisions resulting from the sale of this very borough.
He was surprised that any one could ever raise a question on the subject.
Mr. FERGUSON observed, that he was quite astonished at the
indignation of the Honourable member (Mr. Dawson) as to the lasi-
nuation about Sligo having ever been sold, because Gentlemen on
that side had defeethd the present system in order that the moneyed
and East India, and other interests, might get la) the house, having
no other means.

Mr. O'CONNELL mentioned, for the gr►tifcation of the Honour-
obi:. Member (Mr. Dawson) that unknown as he was in Waterford.
he had that day received a requisition, signed by twenty.oue Magis-
traits, &c. calling or. him to stand again for the county in the event of
a dissolution.

Mr. DAIVSON said. if there were any member who knew of the
sale of seats fur Sligo, he had deserted his duty in not bringing the
subject before the huu%t.—(Oh, eh, and question. question.)
Mr. MACNAMARA presented petitions (ruin Clan in favour .4
Reform.
Mr. M. O'CONNELL presented similar Atiotn, from Carrick-on.
Su_ &c..—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. 0. MOORE presented petitions for coutiknation to the Coal
Meters of Dublin.

Mr. O'CONNELL said the pecplc of Dublin had viewed thtm as a
nuisance, how then could they be entitltd to compensstioo ?
Ilr. G. MOORS denied the eciereetnesa of hi. sweeping &venial ;
petit/onto the contrary proved to the houae the truth of what he mid.
Ordered to lie on the table.

NIL BIZARRE presentad a petition Prom Devises Mina the Re-
form Bill

Mr.W. TAYLOR said, be had opposed, and should oppose the Bill.
Mr. L. WELLESLEY said, the corptetation consisted of 32 pee.
w.ns—Low many had signed this petition ? He deckled that Lord
Sit:mouth ass virtually the patron of this borough. He knew to Lis ce.t
,hat the borough bad 40,000 good reasons fur returning the nien.bers
Low possessed.
Mr. W. TA YLOR observed, that every member of the corporation
had signed the petition.
Mr. ESI COURT denied that any individual had the patronage of
this borough s Lord Sidreouth represented the borough for many years.
lie also n presented it tier 20 years, and denied that hr had conferred
any other favour in return than that of good reighncurhoed. Senneyears
ago a temp tattoo was held 0ut...-it failed. He hoped the semblance of
that individual Louie; tut tie easily feued. The Corpmation had con-
ducted itself with the greatest public virtue.
Mr. DENTON saW, as to all haying been in favour of this widen,
be belonged to the Corporation and he had not signed the petition,
tided he had never heard of its prepaaatien.
OPINIONS OF TIIS eaorsz oat lEFOSSI.
Mr. HUME said he did not rise to make any observation on the
(petition that had just been presented, but to make a staten.ent which
he considered of great importance. It had been intimated in that
House publicly that a great many of the lower clan of people in 1..11.-
' =shire were opposed to the present measure of Reform. to) tar front
this being the fact, be was authorised from most respectable quarters
to stave that the lower class of people were almost unanimous through-
out that county in favour of the measure—that they bailed it as a great
and important boon, front the one end of the county to the other
(Clicers.-Alsti, that at every one of the meetings and dinners that the
Hon. Member for Preston had attended, the health of his klajoty's
Ministers, and succesa to the proposed measure of Refonn, had been
drunk with the utmost enthusiasm; and at those meetings if there
appeared to be any one single individual opposed to the measure, it
probably was the honnurable member for Preston himself. (Cheers.)
Attempts, indeed, were made to raise disapprobation of the measure,
and questions were asked by that bon. member, such as would they net
prefer universal suffrage to the proposed measure ? (Cries of hear, hear.)
Why, put it to any man—put it to himself (hlr. Hume) and he would
say he would rather have universal suffrage (Loud cheers.) This watt
his candid opinion, and why should he disguise it ? But because he
entertained an opinion that universal suffrage would be Netter, was he
.o set up that opinion against his majesty's ministers and against the
country ? The measure now proposed was so impottant, and fraught
with such Immense benefit to she public at large. that he felt he should
be unworthy of the confidence of any person did he did not give it his
wannest support. In the oven of ten days the Douse would be fully
satisfied by the petitions which would come from the working and lower
classes of society in Lancashire, that the representation which had been
made of their feeling of opposition to the measure had been a most ex.
motel) unfair and impreoper representation. (Cheers.) This he was
anxious to slate itt the theist distinct terms, as the boo. member fur
Preston's speech, misrepresenting the feeling of Lancashire, bad under..
gone two or three editions, and been very abundantly circulated through.
out the country.
.
Mr. Ltt ILE"! ON had also been desired to give the flattest antra.
diction to the eta:tenet of the Hun. Ilentber for Preston, that the
working class of people acre not in favour of the present measure.—
(Hear.) He believed that no measure had ever been proposed to any
Parliament In which there had been such unanimity of feeling in its
tavola on the part of the working class of people throughout this cairn
try. He iwiti in his hand a Lotter from a highly respectable defames
in the neighbourhood of Darl.too, an extract of whkh he begged lean
to read. The writer stated, " I saw yesterday, by appointment, se-
veral very respectable tedividush of Derision, who went out of co.
tiosity to a miming that took place then, to hear what Al,. Hunt
had to say. l'hey assured me they did not bear any thing from any
one tudividual to opposition to the Bill, Off do they believe these is
one to be round there who is opposed to it • on the contrary, the Po.
lineal Uhinn, who are supporters of hint (I beg pardon for mentos/mg
the name) are disgusted with him." In another part of the letter he
says—" Mr. Hunt said, do you moans any asemben hen far parlia.
went ? A man said no. He raid, how far are you fine Coventry ?
A man said, thirty miles. He said, how far an you beat Derision
A man said twenty miles. Then, said Hunt, go in a body at the ne at
election, anddon't let them send such members to parliament as they
. have hitherto done—lay bold of the elecusts—catch aeon as you east
if that will not do, squaw then. pretty bud ; if that will ad.* put a
tourniquet round than, and screw that potty bard.' Now, this
was flatly contradicted. he (Mn Leltdetiso) should believe to whole of .
It was true. le has hen oommasthined to him frost a mast tssptetabl
source—he had no leas than three or Mar and twenty let its on rite pain
subject, received on Saturday, and in the course of to-day : (hear
One oaf letters stated that a petition from the waking dam of Data
