CONSTANTINOPLE, M %ROI 24.

Mr. Adair is still here ; but his departure seems to
be at no distance. He comforts his countrymen with
an assurance tlr.!t they will be well treated by the Porte
due ng his absence.
'l4he greater part of de Janissaries have marched
to join the army under the Grand Vizier. We expect
a f.2.reat number more from Egypt and Asia, in the
course of a few days. Every thing, in short, appears
to denote a continuaticot of hostilities. Jt is however
affirmed, on the other hand, that Baron de Hubsch,
Danish Charge d'Affaires, has received instructions
to endeavour to mediate t reconciliation between the
belligerent Towers. It is, at least, true that he has
11;1 r c( nferend isith the Minlitevi of the Porte, and
413 t ihed. 'Untie rto St. Petersb

PARIS, mAy tic
We extract the-rollowing passage from the conti-
nuation given in tlieVlPmitettr, czt tike substance of the
recent. adviccs from Spain
The:i4surrectiorqpised.and supported by the
english hetA-cen gat "ap/ttlle Camp of St. koch,,
have been destrun'iloi- 'dikpeised, •. We aie in posses-
sion of Tariffa; 4=014;11 St-biettiani was marching
against a corps* composed of the relics of the insur-
gent army,which.had collected in the Alpuxares, at
the instigation of the English, who have nothing hut
false intelligenc4 wi htcgard to our situation. The
Duke of Castiglione having written that he had been
obliged to go to B.u.celona, leaving General La-
combe St. Michel to conduct the sie,,,e of Hostelrich,
a movement which might expose the division of Go.
ncral at-het's corps employed in the siege (,f Lerida,
the EmperOr:has sent the Dike of Tarent., to suc-
ceed the Duke of Castiglione, on account of the
stateff his .health. '-The Insmgents having collected
their forces, the Spanish General, on the 13th ult.
attacked the division of Lerida. He was completely
defeated. We took from him between 3 and 4000

prisoners, including 500 oißcers, eight Colonels, and
a Majar-Gcneral. •Severd pieces of artillery, four
. stand of colours,-and a great number of muskets, fell
into our hands. During this attack, the garrison of
Lerida made a sally by the tete de pent. IThey were
defeated and vigornusly repulsed by Colonel Robert.
At the moment when the Duke of Abrantes was oc-
cupied in storming Astorga, a column of tote enemy,
consisting of 2.000 infantry, and a regiment of ca-
valry, with the view of relieving the place, attacked
Brigadier-General Bessieres at Cnentanilla. Scarcely
a man .of their escaired. General Clauzel, at the
same time, attacked another small column of the
emit,' beyond Bertbebre ; as did General Sainte
third on the side of Fuehendon. .The loss of
ukc of Ahrantes, in the siege and these opera •
Vie! field, amounted to 100 killed and 3(M)
; that•of the enemy is calculate.' at upwards

,r4411.Awr,-/nr PROCSE.DINGS,

101ISE of LORI -1; MAY 24.
Issent F,!v!or, by Commission to the nuke of
ntilty till, !T:e Exchequer Bills Fuinling Bill, the
thus Bill, the .Malt Interconve Bill, the Irish
the West Middlesex Water, Works Bill;
statute Labour 10, the Furfarshire Road Bill,
td Ventre all 37.
inners were, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Bathurst,

iog;iatn.
ity, reanl a thicd time ail raa4ed.
£lll, thg Enth.cze.:•tncat P,til, am., the
llenll.irs' passel tlirtm,h C.',o;nmitten.s; and
The Eml-ii:zzlP,meilt Bill wai orkkrlo, riit tile inn-
Masquis of be read a third rime

A Meoutge from the Lords announced, that their Lordships had
agreed to the Foreign Linen Bill.
Lord PORCIiESTER obtained leave to bring is a Bin for the
be, ter preservation of Black 'Game in England.
The Bill for regulating the °lce of Regkrar of the Admiralty
and Prize Courts was read a,Arst time; to be read a second tune
to.zaorrow.

MONTRPSE pryvnted a Petition from thr
rg againit the Gram IYotination Praliibit;ott Eill,
,recd to he referred to the Corn Crminittee,
! e.r4rerl-sq.be. heard to-morrow on ht•half of the
iost t F Lott4on, ptick. Hi:, o;t the third reading.
'ilirio 1411,1 the !Irish :%Varthimmr:-. B;ti, avid some
rite` ilk, Wt•re broiicht op by Rfr. I.:lsltington,
M. W. Ridley, and other Meath. r. of the I Ino4e
assgt,reatl a forst.tinae..-Adjourncd till to-morrow.
•IItOUFF. OF COMMONS.
VA& of 'the' Black Rod summoned this House
,If Peer's,- to tear the Royal Avient, by Commis-
'bre of ltillsl—For which see the lords. •
ERN. hroughl trp the Report on the Four Employ-
he A rieudinents were r..a.1 and itgreo:l tn.
NIKI*.R binitglititra Bill to repeal The Act of the
.Which provides for the punishmens of women deli-
Ida. The Bill IA as read first tinie, and ordered to
' then read a second time.
. of the Committee of Supply was,brought up, the
agreed to, and Bilk ord.:red accordingly. , •••
motion of Mr. Vs IiAItTON. the iallin Bill, the
4. Olken' Superannuation SW, and the 14e of Monis Cu,-
CaspOildidos bill,- were severalty read a third dist, and

The Isle of Mann fintneeling Bin was reads ,
,Vdwatial lieeilli therefrom, which he had relinquished. With
was also the Lowlands DutWers' Bilk r
and the Wars g rim do to the Reversion that willranted in Novem.
Bill; ordered to be committed to-snotrow. "44i: •
t bee ISOI:.to Sir George Shoe, to hold the office with
lire Sv. Millions Exchequer Bill, and the Pension Duty tkwa . .
went through agmwaittee. The Report was °Edith! to be ros .1111 ptlittleges, irnmunitiei, and MMus-buts snttached
cowed to-noirmli. ' '' to it, this being' known' at the tltne, ft must have
A "Mate"/"''' thatne4'2ll°°att'd that thahrLaadaillhao Le n clear to every persin that Sir George Mee 'had
agieed to several private Bills.- a I:gal claim to remuneration;it" not, the Bat btought
The Judge Advocate's Free Package' nd Letter Bill was read
a first time. ''•:" ' —' . ' . •in for providing compensation to Officers in theetp§..:
Leave was given to Wog is MR to rebulla the Mirth of St. toms for losing their offices, would have noticed the
Paul, shadwcii. . • , . case of Str George Shoe : but the fact was, they were
The firrAsef the Committee So eiinskler.of the iseeessity of I well •_g A. .. . .
appriseo lint he was already entitled to corn=
imposing a datfyf Ms. on every tun of -itieh brought nearer. to
London than the t4Oll, at Staius.brislv,was brought up and agreed
.pensation, and that it was • intended by the' Act to •
to; and, after some observations from Sir M. Vl'. Ridley, Mr. H. make' provision . for him. • - The Right Honourable
Combo, &c. a bill was °Merit - Gentleman ' instanced several cases in • point. Sir-
. The Assessed Taaes, Bill was read a second time, and com-
mitted for Wednesday. George Mee made his appeal to the GOVetilltiellt,
. The Foreign 'limber Bill wes read a first tittle, and ordered to and. they taking his case into consideration, awarded
be mad a second time this day se'nolzht. . , . • birn.the sums as they were bound to do,• in compen.
Mr. RO:3E brought in the British yi.herh., 'ontinuatio't Bin, sation for the hisses - which he had sustained
which was read a first time; as was also the Bill fur encouraging in consequence of tlle reduction of the office -to
the Growth of Raz.
Sir JOHN NEW PORT presented a Petition from the Met,' which he had succeeded. Every Government •
.chants and Traders of Waterton' against-the Wine Prizage Bill, in Ireland, since the Stith of his present Majesty,
Laid on the table. _ was open to the same accusations as those urged by
- -

the Honourable Bart. against his Majesty's present
Governfnent. He contended that the compensation
to Sir George Shee was highly reasonable ; for al-
though he admitted thatielooo a year was a sufficient
'salary, yet that did not prove the justice of taking
from Sir George Shee what he conceived to be his
ust right. The Honourable Gentleman was pro-
ceeding to justify his Noble Relation (Lord Welling-
ton) from the imputation of having squandered the
Public money, and had read several documents to
;hew the necessity of the expenditure of X 153,000 in
the Custom-house locks, when he was interrupted by
Sir JOHN NEWPORT, who suggested the erre-
diency of confining the discussion to the subject im-
mediately before the House.
Mr. W. POLE acquiesced, at the same time dar-
ing the Honourable Baronet tcasupport the unfound-
ed charges which• on a former night, he had prefer-
red against his-Noble Relation.
Mr. CAVENDISH BRADSHAW explained the
manner in which the balances remaining in the hands
of Sir Henry Cavendish, at the time of his death, had
'been paid into the Public Treasury.
Mr. FOSTER, Mr. W. PCII,I, and Mr. Caeca, bore
testimony to the exemplary conduct of the relatives
of Sir Henry Cavendish en that occasion.
Mr. W. SMITH reprobated the practice of leaving
such large balances in the hands of public Officers.
Mr. BANKES coultinot conceive what claim Sir
George Shee had to the compensation given him.—
When Lord Kenyon was Attorney-General, he had •
said in that House, not only that a public officer
ought not to have any longer public balances in his
possession, but that he should be compelled to pay
interest for the time which it had remained in his
hands. This he thought would be too hard, but he
did conceive that such balances ought to be forth.
coming she moment they were required. lle ctn.
sured the disposition which had long prevailed in th
ea:ions Irish Governments to shew a solicitude for
private, and a disregard for public interests, and re.
probated the general practice of considering rather
the advantage of individuals in the appointment
official situations, rather than the advantage of the
State. The present appeared to him to be a very fla-
graiit case, ou which the House ought to pronounce
their opinina. and be should therefore vote for the
re.,, lotions .4. the Hon. Baronet.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
ramonstrated against the general censure of his Hon.
Friend. In the coaduct of the Irish Government to
wards Sir George Shee, they had proceeded upon
long est iblished principles. If these principles were
zn he abolished, at least due notice ought to be giv n.
Sir George Slice was a political adversary of the pre-
sent Government. It was impossible theietore to
impote the conduct of Government towards him to
any impropar motive. Reverting to his Hpnottrab:~
ienti's sweeping accusation of public men, and lug
I,:claration of the manner in which situations of pu .
lit trust were conferred, he disclaim d for hiMselt Any
:hare of such a general imputation, and recommend
ed to his Honourable Friend, if he had any spe.i,fiz
charge to produce, to bring it forward openly
without hesitation. •
Mr. BANKES exoliined.
Mr. H. THORNTON, while he allowed thatthe
law was liable to a different coastruction, WAS yet of
opinion that no compensation-otight to have bc.n
granted.
Mr. FOSTER contended, that the compensation
was granted to Sir George Shee, not for taking away
'the b :14nces, but for the per tentage of one per cent.
which (by usage, though not by I iw) he had received
from the Collector on the transmisai.n of their ha

lances. .
Mr. G. JOHNSTON considered the case as little!
satisfactory as any he had ever heard, and was deeply
concerned tolear it defended as it had been by his
Right Honourable Friend the Chancellor ca the Ex-
chequer.
Mr. W. FITZGERALD, although he did not pro-
fess himself to be the apologist of the Governments.
of Ireland, justified the measure under consideratio,..
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL denied that. al,
Receivers General who made use of the public money
in tranritu, were consequently criminal. If they were
there was not a Receiver General in the kingdom who
had not offended.
Mr. MA RRYA'rr allowed that the uge of the pub-
, lic balances had been, and, perhaps, must be ptrmitted
to those in whose hands they lay ' • but no man had,
in his opinion, a right to demand compensation for
being deprived of such permission. He should sup.
port the motion of the Hon. Baronet.
Mr. LONG asserted, that there was not any ille-
gality in the use which had been made of the BalanT
cer. Although he did not contend for the propriety
of the practice, yet it was well known that it had been
nerally recognised.
M r.W IL BE R FORCE thought Government ought
not. to be censured for giving compensation for loss of
emolument. His Right Honourable Friend appeared
to have been justified in giving the remuneration he
had given to Sir George Sice.
Mr. BARHAM contended that. no compensation
• ought to have Wen givene An understanding might
exist between an Officer and his Collector (be would
not say it had been. so in the case-of Sir George Shee)
by whom the money was. paid to'Gnvernment. -Under'
all the circumstances he was dl opinion no just claim
to compensation existed in:l6 ease before the House.
• Sir G. HILL stated thiemOlUthents for which the
comp:nsation was given to be fair mamma. ts. and

therefor; the loss of them constituted a just clau.sa,
compensatipn.
Sir J. NEWPORT, in reply, asserted the systera
!contended for went to enrich the Collectors at them
'pence cf;lie Public. if compensations had appet.cd
.due to Sir`George Shee, his Majesty's Ministers ougi,t
to lia.vc.come down to Parliament and statel that titt
t4"tife _lt had teen stated, that enmhz
Parlianit.nt woUld have Made it a permanent chop
.ots the public. Saying that; i' stigma 'arcs unjnely
cast upoeitte House, as they VOUld n. 4 have nAft
the grant permanent, unlesbit appeared t- be de,el.
ed. He had been said to be very nice tilting ,
.
such things. *While he sai that House, he slionll
ever thing it Iris' dint, as a gsvarlanilf the pub!
parse, to bring-forward idy ahusis to which. his
tendon might.be directed:. 444 been said, that
George Sire was not a political friend of th • pre:,
Adnsinistratton, but it shouldbe remembered, .014
there were such things as precedents, and Alinist..
might find it 'convenient to make a precedent of c”.
Ia natures whativer the circumstances of the cog. erg!
be, it was, in his opioion, the duty csibliairersn.,
down to thit House, state the ssilok and ottiii
sanction of Parliament to the. measure they wwled
adopt. The House d'vAed, when the nutters
Ayes 48--Noes 59—Majoritt 51.
THE LOAN.-

Upon our return to the Gallery, we found Mi
'Fib:lima. arguing- against the Stanfp s,urpt
Appropriation'llill. Without any dhilo,itiPn to
angry with etc Right Horton:able totirn la
any •Chanccl!cr of the Escl,tqueit f T n,t irtipnzi
new tAxes, as he understood it itt been van-tome,
tributed to himself and his ft ieltdi, tip r, this
lion, he melt express his 41; sauprobatifm of the nor
plan dcterminectopolvier she- peseta Unista.
this plan there was not only a violation oi tlr e
principle, that our ir;.:nme shotdd tally wilt our
penditure ; but of the spirit of the intawn, und.
Which the Consolidated Fund was created.' Then::
plus of that fund was meant by. its ablejoart.kr,Kr,
Pitt, ro be a sacrel deposit for. the security of
public creditoi ; but the Ri7.ltt lionourAble G
man discarded that consideraien. What Mr. l'
Mr. Addington, and Lord Henri retty—what t.
'Minister since the establishment of this fund
speeted, the Right llooituribleGentlernin distr.
ded. What could be his reason for such =pm,
dented conduct ? Was it to be underbtood by

- - - -
country and by the enemy tha► no more tuxes could
be found t.—Bnt the f:ict was that the lUght
Gentleman took a 3*rgcr sum from the Consol;dxred
Fund for the payment of the interest atilt loan t!

could be fairly. said to form the surplus• laudnre
the ditties laid on in ISOB. To sustain -this aiscrti.
the Right Honourable Gentleman (Mr. Tierney)
tailed the amount et the surplus of the Consolidai
Fund !Or five years back, and also the incveese ut
several old ditties, from which he concluded that

Chancellor of the Exchequer was only entitled to,
the slim of £355,000 instead of .42900,000, xhich
!his 8.11 he had actually appropriated for the into
of the new loan. But in fact the Ri,sht
Gone nan as endeavouring to /mint
mere ~hilt. ; while he wal alm%itil the la,:
vition, he w •s livin7 upon the provisions which t.:
1L dom hat made for the country ; and for the Fr•
pose of delusion he was evading a taxation w!ii:h
must carte again upon the v..... with aggravate.'
► r ..cll-0•

Mr.. .11(4E denied that his Right lion. Friend was
e. .r spirit or letter of the Act under whick
Cow:. nem:el Fund was established, by the me*
sure in discussion. lilting drawn up that Act himself
he could speak to it with more certainty—he coal
say, th it its only object, and that of his deceased
friend, (Mr, Pitt) was, to provide that that find
h nall be sufficient to answer the charges upon
but those charges being provided, there was no in-
tenti in whatever to prevent Parliament from apply-
g the surplus in any manner that might he deemed
expedient to meet the exigencies of the public service-
In diet way the prnpositien before the House went to
appmpriate the surplus of a tau which exceeded its
original estimate ; and if his Right Hon. Friend had
not so applied that excess, instead of imposing any
new taxes, he should have thought his conduct de-
serving of censure.
Mr. TienNUY anal Mr. Rose mutually explained.
Mr. HUSKISSON entered into a very deratlea
statement of the system. We oughts in his ()pillion,
always to take•care, that what we take from the debt
should be equal to what we add to it. This' was a
principle never to be lost sight of. He fa* agieei
in the assertion, that the seety of the country deptni-•
et.l on the retrenchment of our establishnseet. The
Honourable 4:cadent:an then eatered.into a compli-
cated statement of our financial difficulties since 1797 i
and Lepel, in coinciding in opposition so the Replrt,
be du:aid not again subject hauself.so the 4430060 a
of casting a gloom ov^r the couotry. • •
The CF A.NcE 60 Rof the EXCHEQu Ls% re'
plied : great length to the..argument,; tariedir Mr-
Tierney, and his Hlnourebie Friend ('•tr. HuiVirf'")
.u'd said, that notwithstanding all he had heard ficiel
both of them, he seas convinced thepTcsent
the hest that could be devised; and he could 11*1.!
that Mr. Pitt, and all those whop had. precede!
(Mr. Perceval) ha.t never been in the situation
which he then stood. He allowed that retreothonent
in our ezpences teas highly desirable, and wght
is
take place as soon as possible ; but when Gentler •ti
talked of retrenchment, they must nicer: is
grand sources of expense, the navy and aimy ; ..111
while the war continued in the state it now ,11.1,
It
was impossible to conceive that any material rate-ncle .
meat could take place. He denied the gloomy iate-
rences drawn by his Hon. Friend, that we
r At
the end et taxation, and particularly that otrovaier
commerce, manufacteres, age iculture, were pre,-
sal by the weight of taxation. He insisted that £4r.
Pitt had always acted on the principle, that when the
consolidated Fund was in a Ihnnishing state, it ues
allowable to resort to the expedient of loins. Ti.is
e
principle had been acted upon by his nnblc predectls
(Lord Henry Petty), and he was more and more cue-
vinced it was the best that could be adopted.
Mr. Hvatiseox, Mr. Rosa, and Mr. 'Deem, se-
verally explained. The Litter Gentleman said he wai
ready to allow the charge of the deficiency of ibe.
ar to be placed to the account of the Assessed
Taxes but not on the Consolidated Fun I.
The Qdekeion being loudly called fo:., a d:visice
took place—Ayes 117 Noes 59.
Adjourned at Half-past Two.

At the momet
cupied in ston
consisting of
ti airy, with th:
BrigadierCen
a man of the
same time, at
enemy beyon,
•
-,nlt third
~iikc of
Ik* ".41 ; tha,
Royal Ac.
wicit's Aram
eatagt! Coact
,wed SO.ools
1.. • Fort.trsli re
and
'1 .•e` Connilissi4
and I brd Walsh%
'1 he. :An veyo:s.l
Hawrer's* and l'
wore T
thin of the Masq
on Mon. 'ey;
Thek.the of
County of
which was order•
Coutawl were
. Pttitioners again
Th., cm of 1,
Local and. Priva
Mr. Byng, Sir A
of Composts, LAI
The Deputy 1
to the House of
1,:on, to a numb
Mr. WE I'E
meat Bill. The
Lord HENN
7th of }antes, .w
+credo( Bastard
he printed, and
• • '1 he Repot t I
Resolutions ago
On the ma
Excise. Officers
tom Coma&
pawed,

to
tern
ex.
irtd
,gi‘t
tict
47e
tsl
111,.
f
Stilt
lb!.‘
5
t ::,‘
Ore.
St, •T
7tt
go
ttle
Mr,
.plas
,b•
3 CC
C at.
(Ca.
14
;ee
Ikr • •
r •
te"
Sett,
rtl
:r)uld
Hon.
fined
:rtinn
I de.
ittcd
upoa
it tEe
%Ike
:h
ter,
I.:
• Fr.
rata
d was
krhia
11100.

LONDON.
FRIDAY, MAY 25.
FRICE OF STOCK i THIN DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
3 per C. Coii•, money, 70,1—acc. 71;1.
3 per C. Reduced 701-4 per Ce 831 i.
5 per Colt. Navvy 1014-i—Onulium pre.
Excheti Dille (9d.) 4s. 64. pre:—ditto 2s. tO B*. pre.

The papers and Letters brought by the New York
were delivered this morning. They are to the
sth of last month. By the retort of the proceedings
Congress to the end of March, it will be seen that
MAcos's Bill has been finally rejected, by a majo-
rity of eight. The Senate had made certain Amend-
ments in the Bill which they sent down to the House
of Representatives. A motion was made that the
House should adhere to their determination to resist
the Amendments of the Senate, which motion was
v....,;ed immediately afterwards Mr. RAtinouti
~.ed for the immediate repeal of the Non-Inter-
,. irse Act. He said that the Act had been repro-
bated by every man of emery polttical description in
ti,e, House and out, and that it had been found to
be wholly inoperative.—The House agreed, by a ma.
of 16, to consider the resolution, and hence it is
iiiferreathat the motion will be passed.

Ds: night we received Paris Papers to the 17th
;-snit, announcing the surrender of St. Maura to the
British. This island lies a little northward of Copha-
!via, in tile direction of Coats, and nearly in the
mouth of the Gulf of Lepanto. It was formerly
called Lencadia, and is separated from the main-
land by a narrow channel (the work of art) little
more than sixty paces broad. St. Maura, the prin-
cipal tcwn, is well circumstanced for defence, being
dUlicult of approach. The force employed in this
service sailed from Zante on the 18th of March. It
consi:,ted cf '2179 men, under the command of Briga-
der.Ger.eral OSWA LD.

A Ger.7.leman now in London, who left Bilboa only
eight days ago, states, that accounts had been re-
ceived by some Catalan houses estnblished in that
place, that the fortress of Girona had been retaken
the Spanish forces ; and it was added, that Bar-
celona was closely besieged ; and that the Citadel of
Monjuich was likely to surrender from the deficiency
ci provisions. We shall be happy to find this inteili-
zence confirmed The above Gentleman saw four
Poles shot at Bilboa for desertion ; and a rumour pre-
vailed, that a spirit of disaffection had been mani-
foted at Bayonne among the French Officers, and
that teveral of them had been put under arrest.

A rnmour was in circulation last night, that Mi-
!listen had received advices of the capture of Cadiz
by the French. This report is totalty at variance
with all the letters received yesterday from that city,
wne of which expressed the least alarm for its safety.
Some et the letters mention the receipt of letters
train Gibraltar, announcing a victory obtained by
01,Not:Nst ever the French in Catalonia. This we
think is prols.bly the same affair of which accounts
kvere received ten days ago from Gibraltar.
By are general tenor of the private letters, little or
ntAing Lid been transacted since the fall of Mata-
gorda. The French were, however, busy erecting ,
batteries which almost reach across the land opposite
to Pert ales. In a few days they will, no doubt,
begin :o try what effect may be produced by their ,
'Their principal efforts are directed to the erec-
tion of a breast-work and a mortar biettery upon the
tar:t advanced point of land to the left of Matagorda,
'pith tl a hope, it is supposed, of being able to shell
flcq. The Mole is the landing place at Carliss.
The Fist battery is a work thrown to the right of Ma-1
tazorda, about 800 yards from it, at the end of the
l'P:scs on the Matagorda side of the Cano, The se-.
cord battery is constructed behind the ruined works
ct Ft,rt Louis, which is situated on 'the Trocadero.
The head of the town is the situation of the Land
-Gate, behind which are some barracks, where some
of the British troops are quartered. It is bomb proof.
The following extract is from a letter received yes-
t!rday

u CADIZ, MAY 9.
" We have already' fotind gene Inconvenience from the pot-
Its:.ion of the small fort of Nfatagorda by the Fren,h, as the
%Irray is able to do mischief to the shipping in the Puntal Roads.
do nut think that we are in danger in this City, but our oecu-
cation is rdt riuite so commodious. We have now here 7000 Eli-
sl froops, well provided with every thing, and double that
nn,ber of Spanish, who are, however, some of them, deficient in
En:, and accoutrements. Provisions and water are very plentiful:,

Another letter, Of the same date as the above, men-
t'ion, that a romber of French troops, which had
'tttioned at Xeres, were ordered to another part
o. The Patriots thinking this a favourable
'N4flitt.it, entered the place, and, in conjtinction
..101 the nihabit:lncs of the town, who were friendly
to their country, proceeded to select some of the most
zeal eus in she cause of France, and instantly put them
to death.

A person just arrived frOnt Seville brings informa-
ten that 80 French soldiers were killed at a fair at
l4aintena, a few leagues from Seville, who had been
seat thither to keep order. By the same informant
.A.e are told that King Jostilut had left Grenada on
the 12th ult. ‘s i:h the intention of going to Madrid, from
which design he was however dissuaded on account of
the state of the country through which he would have
bad to pass, particularly in the neighbourhood of Cor-
dora and Andaxar. He consequently directed his way
to Seville, where he was with barely a sufficient guard
f^r his personal security, the troops posted at Seville
Paving left that place for Cordova, to suppress the
disturbances in that quarter. •

The following presents the latest information that,
has been received from the shoies of the Tagus :

" I.ISBON, MAY IS.
" We are not in possession of the facts as to the relative situa.
tion of the hostile annieb between Almeyda and CintLid Rodrigo,
but the general opinion is, and which teems to be founded on
Souk suilicient grounds, that the French are either retreating, or
preparing icit a retrograde movement."

The Superior Junta at Castile has addressed the
following to the soldiers of the enemy ; it has been
circulated in the French language :

" PI mscnmert=HOW long will you suffer a foreign tyrant to
abuse your docility and patience? How long will you expose
yourselves, shed your blood. to insure still more slavery, and sa•
tisfy the voracious and criminal ambition of an adventurer ? It is
time that you should undeceive yourselves, and recover from an
error fatal to yourselves and to all Europe.
64 At the time when you fought for yet& liberty, your friends,
your allies, your enemies themselves, applauded your triumphs;
your cause was just, and every where you had dentirers ; but now
—what cause is it that you defend ? That of the most tyrannical
despotism, and the most perfidious usurpation. Against whom
do you make war ? Against a nation which has long been your
ally, and which has made for Franee the most generous sacrifices.
What do you popose ; or rather what does the monster who rules
over you propose ? The debasement, the enslaving of this nation.
And What advantages do you expect from so unjust—so wild a
projtst ? Turn your eyes towards your country, enter into the
bosoms of your families, bear the lamentations of your mothers,
your wives, your brothers, and your sons ! Look on those desolate
widows, those deserted orphans, those afflicted mothers and aged
fathers, from whom despotism has torn the only support of their
decrepitude—every where you will meet with mom ring, misery,
and despair. Yea, we repeat it, recover frtm your error, suffer
not yourselves to be blinded by a vain glory, only useful to the
tyrant who oppresses you. Be convinced CIA every victory,
every conquest, is a link which adds to the chain in which yon :.re
bound by Napoleon. Remember you are Frenchmen, and ct ase
to obey an adventurer, a Corsican. Abandon the stand.:rd of
your oppressor, and enlist under the banners of liberty. Come
over to us; the Spaniards are not your enemies, they are only the
enemies of the usurper of a Crown disgraced by id. *erns.. They
make no war against the French; they only make ‘..tr against
the Corsican and his slaves. Come then, and from us you shall
rec.:lye the most generous hospitality ; every one of you shall re-
ceive 100 livres Tournois, besides the value of his arms and
horses. Our Allies shall give you every kind of succour, and
I convoy you in their vessels wherever you I..ay wish to gut"

On his MAJESTY'S return from London to Wind-
sor, on Wednesday evening, he went to Princess
AMELIA'S, where he stopped upwards of an hour.—
The reports of yest,....d.iy morning state her Royal
Highness to be much the same as on the preceding
day.

Yes!erday morning his MAJESTY, the Duke of
CANITIRIDGE, and Princesses ikeGusTA and SOPHIA,
accompanie,l by Generals GA ttTil and FITZROY, Co-
.ii.sYLOR, and Lady Cou.vEtt, rode in Windsor
Greet Park till twelve.

Mr. Dft-KENSON, who accompa&e,t Mr. Nlncxr:NztE
to Morlaix,und brought dispatches from thence some
time ago, is returned to France with the answer to
these dispatches.

The 11i ding for the Irish Loan took place on Mon-
day last, in Dublin. The sum wanted was 4'1,500,000,
and the terms were, for every J6lOO, sel`2o per
Cent. Stock, and the bidding to be in Treasury Bills.
The hiddings were
IitRESPORD and Co. - £9 4 0
LUIZ WRITE - - 9 2 6
This bidding was not accepted. The Parties after-
wards bid conjointly XS. 1.55. which was also refused;
the Loan, therefore, was not effected.
M. A. TAYLOR, Esq. voted with Mr. BRAND on his
motion tor Parliamentary Reform. He came zo town
from Poole expressly for the purpose.—General MA-
THEW, the Hon. C. H. El rrenmsox, CHARLES MILLS,
Esq. and Ronewr SIIAw, Esq. also voted with the
minority.—CHAßLES GRANT, Esq. E. S. C(,OI,ER,
Esq. and General ARCIIDALL, did not vote for the
question ; they went awry before the division.— Ge-
neral GAscorGNE's name blionld have appeared in the
list .1 the majority.

Utters from the Baltic of the 11th instant,'mentirn
that the dismissal of the two Ministers BeaNsroark•
has given rise to much dissati•tac:ion.
It was runioureu that the Kim: of PRUSSIA was to
be deppsed, and to retire on a pension ; and that the
Sovereign of 'Westphalia and Hanover was to con.
pact with his dominions the patrimony of the House
of Brandenburgh.
Foor-RACE.—A match for GO guineas a side, 12
miles, was run on the road from Kensington to
Staines, yesterday, between Mr. Pewley, an amateur
runner, and a young 3entleman, of the name of Pas-
singham. Mr. Pewsey was the faviatrite ;he fol-
lowed his adversary seven miles, when he made play
and won the match easily, in one hour and a half.
' CIIEVALIkat D'EoN.—We stated yesterday the
death of this celebrated and well-known character.
He died last Tuesday, at at the age of sixty-nine, at his
residence in Millman-street, Fouridling Hospital.—
The Chevalier, it will be recollected, was for many
years asserted, and implicitly believed to the last to
be a female, of which sex for several years past fa
(for so we may now speak) wore the attire, Ste.—
However, this curious question, and which will even
now excite no small degree of interest in various
circles, was on Wednesday set at rest, the body being
dissected in the presence of some professional Gen-
tlemen, and the Earl of YARNIOUTII, Sir SIDNEY
SMITH, Hon. Mr. LYTTLETON, Mr. Dorctas, and se-
veral other persons of consideration. The following
is a correct copy of the certificate of the professional
Gentleman who operated on the occasion :
" I hereby certify, that I have inspected and dissected the bo,Yy
of the Chevalier D'Eots, in the presence of Mr. ADAIR, 1:r.
Wass N, and I.e rear ELIZ LE, and have round the male orgaLs
in every respect perfectly formed. (Signet!)
" 'l'. Co raLA ND, Surgeon, Goldtri-square."
Another account which we have received, states
the Chevalier to have been 85 years of age ; and some
time before his death to have been in an infirm state
of health. He had made a will, in which he had ap-
pointed Sir SIDNEY SMITH his Executor, but it never
was signed.
It is about thirty years ago that the strange doubts
were entertained as to the sex of this singular person-
age, and many wagers laid on the question ; irom the
period of the supposed decision of that question, the
Chevalier put. on female attire. On his decease, it
was urikectedly discovered that the Chevalier was a
male. Under these etrenntstances, the companio2.
and friend of the Chevalier, Madame Cote (also about
85 years of age) deeraed it right to send for a sur-
geon, that the same might be properly authenticated
to the world.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

EAST INDIA

The ELTZABETH (country ship), arrived of South-
ainpton the 24th instant: Sailed from Bengal the
15th December, from the Cape the 6th March ; did
not touch at St. Helena.

PASIZNGERII PLR ELIZMICTIP.-Mr.TUUOh, Mr. and Mk
Davis and family, Lieutenant Arden, Mr. E. Wyer, Lieutenant
Payne, of die Modeste, Mr. M•Ghie, Assistant-Surgeon.

The STREATHAbt and the Extra ships OCEAN and
DEVAYNES were at the Cape, and were expected to
sail from thence the 20th March.

The CITY or LoNuort was under orders to proceed
to Bencoolen, and expected to be ready to sad by the
25th December.

The HENRY ADDINGTON diriVed in Bengal the 4th
November.

The extra ships SARAH CHRISTIANA, Sir WILLIAM
PULTENEY, LADY LUSHINOTON, and WILLIAM PITT,
arrived in Bengal the sth December.

Private Letters mention the arrival in China of the
Bombay and China ships, except the TRUE BRITON.
The homeward-bound Fleet ‘iere not expected to sail
from Point de Galle (the place of rendezvous) till
the middle of February. All was quiet at Madras,
and Lord MINTo was preparing to return to Bengal.

• PLYMOUTH, MAY 23.
Arrived the Ae-rEos sloop of war, Lori Viscount
NEVILLE commander, with her prize, the Susan and
Sarah, a tine French brig, homeward-bound from the
Islc of France for Bourdeaux, taken off the latter
port.—Sailed the SHANNON frigate for Rochefort.
Another cartel, with exchanged I.lritish prisoners,
arrived here last night from Mtn-laix.

PORTSMOUTH, MAY 24.
Arrived his Majesty's ships VENus. HUSSAR, and
STEADY, from :t crtlize.—Sailed the SAPPIIIRI; to the
Westward.—Wind N.
DEAL, MAY 24.
- -

Sailed his Majesty's ship BEAVER with a convoy
for Portsmouth : --amongst them are the John and
Thomas, Smrrn, for Lisbon ; Ann,. BouvroN, for
NewfOundlan.l ; Ellell, RETOLD ; Hannah, SMITH ;
Columbine, .lottxsoN ; and Westmorland, WHEATLY,
for Cadiz: Sailed the TERRIBLE. man of war for the
Nore ; KANGAROO sloop of war on a cruize ; and the
Flora transport with French prisoners on board from
Malta. Wind E.
• SHEERNESS, MAY 24.
Sailed the AGGRESSOR gun-brig, with 21. sail of
vessels, for Heligoland ; the next convoy thither will
sail on the Ist of June, and a convoy for Archangel
will sail on Monday, the 28th instant, and one for the
Baltic and Gottenburgh on the 30th inst.—Wind W.

ri
tr
t!
V
1
1
!Tv
st
c,
1
•
•
•
1
r
•
5
