REGENCY DILL.

The LORD CHANCELLOR rose on the question for agreement in
the amendments made by the Commons in the Regency Bill, and in the
absence of his noble friend, Lord 1,3 ndhurst, declared the bill compe-
tent in the state it went from that house to meet all the exigencies which
might arise. The amendment made with reference to another marriage
which might be contracted by his present lilajeitty, was almost unnt etr4.
soy. His noble and learned friend had not introduced that question
because it was time enough to met the case when it was likely to occur.
He had no wish, however, to alter the Bill in its then shape, and tbert.
fore moved their lordships' consent to the amendments.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE considered the other amendment
with respect to the words Roman Catholic, properly introduced.
The question was then put, and the amendments agreed to.
Lord SUFFIELD presented a petition from the Ward of Aldga.e,
praying for Parliamentary Reform.
The House then ajourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Doe. IS.
Mr. M. FITZGERALD reported from the St. Maws Matins
Cumnritice, that the sitting Members were duly returned, and that the
petition against the election wu not frivolous or vexatious.
Sir R. INOLIS presented a petition from the agent of the Vaster
for Carrickfergus, stating that the petition complaining of an ua.due re-
turn, had 18 names to It forged.

SELICT VESTRIF.II.
Mr. HOBHOUSE presented &petition from St James's, Westmin-
ster, against the Select Vestries. He was confident that if they were
not allowed some controul in the parish taxation and expenditure, they
would very soon refuse to pay the rates.
:Mr. DENISON corroborated the statement. The parishioners said
it was taxation wilout representation, to which they would no longer
submit. ( Hear.)
Mr. IlUillE said, the parishes of the metropolis were fast entering
into resolutions not to pay any rates till the self elected vestry system
was given up. It was given up in the ;wish of Alarylehone, and all
was peace and quietness since. (Hear, het r.)
Sir F. BUR DETT said it was a violation of every constitutional prin.
eiple, and even of common sense, that 'loge sums should be raised in a
pariah, without their having any controul over the expenditure. AU
those unconstitutional laws should be repealed, and the ancient law of
England allowed to bare its effect, that the people's money should not
be taken out of their pockets without their consent.
Mr. HOBH(./USE gave notice that., on the first day after the holi.
days, he should move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the Ves.
tries in the several parishes in England.
Mr. HOBHOUSE presented a petition from Mr. Charles Dunn, •
surgeon, complaining of the imperfect regulation of madhouses.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from the Jews of Liverpool for
Emancipation.
Mr. CARTER presented a petition from Portsmouth and Porten
for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. WILES presented a petition from Boston for a repeal of the
house and window. tax, and a reduction of taxation generally ; and for
parliamentary reform and vote by ballot ' • and four petitions for the
abolition of slavery front different parishes.
Mr. TREVOR complained of the bad effect which might arise in
these times of riot and disturbance, from an article in a certain widely
circulated periodical ; the publication animadverted on these disturb.
ante] in a tone calculated to do great harm.
The SPEAKER called to order. There was no distinct motion bet
fore the House.

Mr. TREVOR said he wished to ask the Attorney-General whether
he meant to prosecute the writer of the publication he had mentioned ?
Several members said be bad not named any publication.
Mr. TREVOR said he meant Cobbett's Register of last Saturday.-
(Suppressed laugh )
The ATTORNEY.OENERAL said he could answer the question
in the shortest possible way. He had to thank the hon. gentleman for
the courtesy of his note, infurnihig him of his intention of asking kin
the queAion, but he had not since had time to see the publication.
TREVOR gave notice that to-morrow be should bring ti.e pub.
feet under the consideration of the house.
Mr. WYSE presented a petition from Waterford, praying fur a re.
form in Parliament.

Mr. HUME presented a petition from Southampton, for Reform of
Parliament and retrenchment, the want of which they stated sere the
real causes of the distress. The petitioners had given the petition so
hint instead of their own members, who did not agree with them- in
opinion. He thought all electors whose members would not
support reform and retrenchment should give their petitions to others.
Mr. Ht tV said, be was present at the meeting at which the petition
was agreed to. It was proposed by one lawyer, and seconded by ano-
ther, though both respectable, yet nut persons of any eminence or in.
Buena in the town. He was astonished at the tone assumed by she
lion member for Middlesex, who had, on a tamer occasion, said
the time was come when no officer of the army, or of the miry, no
Dank Director, or East India Director, nor any Director, he sop.
but himself, should have a votethat house. The boo;
pored,
dmter in
was become a receiver-general of petitions—.the general re.
dresser of wrongs. He was like an India sportsman, that shot at 'my
thing, from an elephant toe anipe.—(A WO.) Btu hi lheolikt that
man was most independent who voted according to his own opinion, and
not the man who wee sensidering how his vote could next
election—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME mid hie whole conduct proved that he hod eon acted
far perderlt peineiple.—meb was his conduct an the law ewe&
else ef the 0W brooght In by the Ron. Member (or Stallbrd. Me shot.
lased the Rea. Wativs, sod the Member for Armagh, who Allow
Ithetre elwllwegithelearliele beau (a lavilt). to show a stogie beim s
wbkh he Mid plod* pfenty.—(Heeo, hew.)
11r. GOULBURPI 'helm member for el Alison hot bay

it he Est rui porttd it and then opposed it in the
bcconit a ca: (Utley for Middlesex.
said tli, change of opinion Lul taken ploce be-
thought of becoming such candidate. Ile per.
sonally knew that fact.
Alr. NIABERI.I" st id he had been instrumental in inducing the
mernbcr for Al ithilt stx to change his opinion on the Beer Bill—that it
Lad long taken place before the hon. member thought of becoming a
aandidate fur Middlesex, and that it was a most unfair thing so to im-
pute motives.

14.-`..• .., An; . ~...7.11.
*l4
.4,..y.41
' 't
!AIN
iin,
lik.2, •
,::11 • 441.1. i
osocit,*-il-'•. hut
sicantime, he 1. , WU I'
Mr WAR BE' It TON
tbre the hon. member tl
