LONDON.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31.
PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY 41' ONE O'CLOCK.
Cma for ope. 36—Reduced 3413-omnium cl 6 aBL.
..,_ 4 per Cent. jot}—New 3 per Cent. 9oft.
Long Ann. IS 13. t 6.
PatIC.E OF STOCKS YESTERDAY s
Bank Steck I 46i I Long Ann. ISt' z 3-16
3 per C. Red. 5444 Short Ann.
3 per C. Conf. Out Imp. 3 per CCM S3ll.
4.1P1T C.-70i4 m
_ • I Osmium si 411..
3 per C. Na'ut Hoed!. Tickets 17L cm.
5 Pa C. 1797 90ii Calf. for opt. 36t 36
DUMAN. Dec. at.
Camino! Exchange--Dublin on London t 34.

This morning difpatehes were received at the Ad-
miralty from Lord NICLSON. They are dated fo far
back as the 7th Odober. and bring nothing new.

Difpatches reported to be of great importance,
were yederday received from Lord GARDMILa on the
Irilh Ration. They probably relate to fome reported
movement on the part of the enemy. They were im•
mediately forwarded to the .arl of ST. ViicanT, at
Brentwood, in Effez.

go official notice has been received of Admiral
Coanwattis having himfelf quitted his nation off
Bra. It is polfible that he might remove his flag
to another alp, if he found it neceffary to find his
own one home.

The gveateff aaivity that was ever known in the
Admiralty and Naval departments prevails at the
prefent moment, in fitting out chips to replace fuch
of our blockading (hips as may have received damage
in the late tempettuous weather.—The Psaaraca.
air, as will be Peen by our Penzance letter. failed
on Thurfday to join the fquadron off Breft.

This day we received letters from Gibraltar of the
28th ultimo. Though we have within thefe two days
bad letters from the fame place, dated the Bth in•
Rant, Come of the particulars in thole that have now
arrived, are defusing of notice.
They mention the arrival of the Mont, on the
26th. from Lord NaLsos's fleet off Toulon, in t 8
days. This,is the seffel that mutt have brought the
intelligence we gave from letters that reached us
yellerday—namely, that his Lordihip's fleet confift.
ed of eight fail of the line, and that of the enemy of
five's, but very ill manned. They thew no difpoa.
tinn to come out.

The Patroraura, from Malta, alfo arrived at Gi-
braltar on the siSth ; and on the evening of the fol-
lowing day, the convoy from Malta, confining of 10
tan, arrived in the 347 with the CHARON and CY-
CLOPS.

In confequence of :he fever continuing its ravages
at Malaga, all public meetings had been prohibited,
and no perfon allowed to quit his houfe except on
urgent bafinefs. Tu (hake bands in the Rreet is pro-
hibited, ender pain of being fent to the Gallic::
Our letters mention that Sir RICHARD STRAICNAN,
in the DosisoaL, is extremely alive on the Gibraltar
Radon. He anises in the Gut in all weathers, and
{peak every vettel that paffes. The enemy's cruisers
have takes nothing in that neighbourhood force his
arrival. _ _

From Gibraltar we have alto received the follow-
ing extzaft of a letter from a Gentleman in Alicant,
containing fame particulars refpeding the Algerine
fquadron in the Mediterranean :
AIIrANT, Nov. to. 1803•

*, The Portuguefe Line of &tile Ship, Vasco D a
Gaeta. Captain Scaansciita Commander, who, in
the lag (user's cruise, captured an Algcrine Xebec
carrying 24 guns, came into our harbnur yellerday
for the pas-pore of getting provilions. We learn from
the crew, that the Vasco us Cara ►asing haled
*to the pen of Allgiars, utt the :sea of S:ptertlxr,

and finding that the cruisers were at fee, dlreittly
(leered .towards Sicily. On the yth ult.iffisa ad t
with a large Xebec, wbich;• on examination, proved
to be a Turtifian ; barna the, t9th, (he raw an 44:
getine fquadron contifiing of tub Frigates, two Ze-
bees, one mounting 36 guns, and the other 24. three
Polacres of 24 guns each, one Brig of 22, and one
Schooner of 14, attempting to etre& a landing near
the town of Terranova, on the fouthetn coat of
•Sitily. It is well known that thofe rovers are often
fuccefsful in there iniquitous attempts, and carry into'
slavery a number of men, women and children from
that coat. as well as from other parts of the Nea-
politan and Roman States. Nutwithaanding the
fuperiority of their number, Capt. SCARNICHIA Rood
for them. on which the Algcrine,. appearing to be
much difeoncerted, defifled from their intent, and
endeavoured to get away. The Vasco continued
the chafe without lofing fight of them till about ten
at night, when a flrong ,gale fpringing up from
the north, they got off. She continued her cruise
between Malta and Sicily till the 25th, when a fti-
gate was feen fuppofed to be an Algerine, which lbs
chafed tit' fumfet. A very fudden form of wind
and rain having rifen from the north, it brought the
Vasco under her bare poles, and thereby the frigate
duped. The continuance of the boiflerous weather,
as Well as the fcarcity of provifions, has prevented
the Vasco from appearing off Tunis, where kt is
fuppofed the Algerines have run for (helter."

We have mentioned the different circurnitanots
that have tranfpired, and the rumours that have
been circulated within thefe few days, tending to
fbew, that the attempt of the enemy to invade us
might be fpecdily looked for. There teems. but little
doubt, that the enemy had formed a plan to furpri ae
us by coming over in thole veffels. which under neu-
tral colours, have been allowed. without molefla-
don, to enter our different ports and harbours,
though it was well enough known. that they were not
only from Dutch ports, but, there were reafons for
believing in many cafes Dutch property ! The poffi-
bility of effeding Inch a plan might be doubted, but
there was no doubt of the enemy having employed
thefe veffels to obtain intelligence from this country.
The plan was, however, detefled, which gave rife to
the late orders refpeßing neutral vetch. ThC fol.
lowing official communications throw force light on
the fubjed
