VIENNA, Die. 18.

I per Cent. Metalll4pm lO3
4 per Cent. ditto
Nook Shares . 1,159
—4lgemeirse &thaw, Doc. 25.
CORFU, Nov. 29.
We learn from Pons that eleven Russian men awes' have as
rived there, as well as the two Admiral. On the 46th October,
for the lint time in these two years, there arrived at Syra two
vessels laden with core from the Black Sea.
ANCONA, Dec. 9.
A great number of ships, with corn, have strived, from Odessa,
in Greece and the Archipelago. There were some Greek vessels
among the Among the ships that have arrived at Fermate the
Russian corvette the Navarin, and the Elizabeth. a two-decker,
which has been one hundred days on its voyage from Cloastedt.
A great number of the inhabitants of Megan have manifested a
desire to establish a public school, as in the other cities of Greece :
they have already Sized on Professor Rochidy as the head of this
school. Many citizens have made liberal titers to support this
useful establishment.

ROME, Doe. 10.
The Ronson Jamul' state the population of Rowe to be 144.141
souls ; which is an Increase of 2,221 souls during the year. In 1120
the population was 151,046.

CITY, TwzLvz o'CLocx.

Owing to the north-easterly wind, we are without snivels this
esseung et foreign Malls and ship letters. Consols, which left oil
meads,/ at sae 4 for the Account, opened at the same pries, and
at present nasj be tread 954 1, with a liras Market. Mosley,
thislweraing. b worth 4 per cent. in the Hone.
In the Foreign. Market it is settling day; the chief badness doing
hi esteliti their accounts.
HALF-PAST ON S.
We still remain without any political information,
there is a great dearth of information from all quarter=
have been done at 954 for the Account, but at. present must be
quoted 951 1. Their firmness is attributed to the ban of
in the ensuing mouth, after the January &video& have been
It is reported that the Money Broken are going round to the coos-
menial houses,to procure good bilk coming doe in the menthe of
January sod February.
In the Foreign Market, the setting of the Account appears at
present to gore wok's we do not hear of any defaaker, although
there are several heavy accounts to settle, particularly in Brand
Seedy Colombian, Dinkh, Medan, and Pannone. A sudden
she bestehen plass in Greek Stock of three per COIL owing to the
report in the French Papers et Prince Coburg going to be placed
ow the theme el Greece. _

—Lwannos., D.c. ss.—The sales to-day In Cotten ailment to
1,300 belaeot kap f of a penny per lb. advance as last Thursday's
ps lay met the yb.. appear WWI to hold for a further advance.
The Mee, indodles dams by auction this week sweat to upwards
of ISIM rap.
There bee been a very Ur demand for &lab Plissalsa =..
the sales of this week reading 100 hie. at shady pleas;
600 bags of fine White Bengal, width bave beat taken by the pia-
, oars at the fanner rates.—Cam for boon alellempdas, embus
in rood Mout.

The DUKE of WELLINGTON and the PEOPLE•

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.

SlR—Amid all the concurrent signs of political and
moral deterioration which rise around us, it is impossible
not to be struck--e►en more than with the late prose-

cutions of the Press, though I shall speak of these

presently—with the Petition of the KENTISH GRAND
JURY IO the Duke of WELLINGTON. Such a spectacle,
in such a country as England—Goa be thanked—is atm

equally novel as it is extraordinary : but it depends upon
us—the People—by our manifestations of sympathy or
abhorrence at such a proceeding, to make it common and
notorious as the daylight, or prevent for ever its humi-
liating recurrence. Great GOD, Sir, who and what is
this Duke of Wzia.tuorow, that his name is to paralyse
a whole nation's manliness, and hold the minds of
millions in such a passive and ignominious thraldom ?
Let us analyse the man : is he, indeed, supreme in this
much abused land? lake MAXIMUS Irma mnxtuos
Are Englishmen, then, so degenerated, as to bow the
bead and bend the knee before an ambitious, usurping
subject—the equal of them all by nature—superior to
some among them, by adventitious circumstance alone ?
This train of ideas—these self-asked questions—do they
not force themselves upon us, when we peruse that ful-
some and abject composition which has made its round in
all the diurnals, purporting to emanate from the Grand
Jury of that County which glories in the boast of its
invincibility ? Invicta !—Here, apes userulacissinta !

What a lesson is here presented to this once great
people, if they will but rouse from their lethargy, and
profit by it ? If they will but read, in this letter to .
the great DI/az—for it is recorded there in damning
characters—how degenerate their condition is become,
how unhealthy the working of the public mind ! How long
will men, and Englishmen, blindly permit others to think
for them ? How long will they thus tacitly subscribe, thus
niggardlily assent to any doctrine, which shall spare
them the trouble of investigation ? This indolence—this
criminal apathy—this dangerous slothfulness—how truly
are they colleagues and helpmates of corruption l Bro-
thers of mischief—offspring of the devil—how mutually
do they contribute to each other's delinquencies ; how
lovingly are they found reciprocating in alternate pulsa-
tions They are as inseparable as the St AMESS BOYS.
But to the letter itself—that letter, which already dis-
seminated through this degraded empire, must have car-
ried shame and indignation to the hearth of every free-
man who loves his country : let us consider a moment
this letter from the Maw of KaNT—this rescript of the
ielf-styled " Invicti !" And who is it, in this crisis of
our destinies—this hour, perhaps, of approaching political
extermination—who is it, whom these constitutional men
address ? Their KING ? No. The representatives of
the nation—such as they are ? No. The two Houses
of Parliament ? No. The Ministers of the Crown—•as
a responsible body ? No.—Whom, then ? I blush
for my country, while recording with my pen the
answer—lt is their fellow-subject, the Duke of Wax.-
LlNorow, whose leniency these isvicti of Kent now
supplicate with prostrate bodies! It is their fellow sub-
ject, the Duke of WZLLlNGTON—conqueror by favour-
ing •contbiflations at Waterloo, victorious by connivance
at the Old Bailey—whom Englishmen and freemen now
implore as a demi-god, now would conciliate as the sole
arbiter of their destinies /

Pass, we, Sir, from these reflections—painful and hu-
miliating—to the speeches of the ATTORNET-GZ-
NERAL, on the occasion of the fourth Government
prosecution against the freedom of the Press. Re-
velling and luxuriating in previous success—grown bold
and daring, by reason of the ready compliance of three
former Juries—we here find the astute lawyer metainor-

phased into the insolent tyrant. Speaking of ALEX-
ANDER'S partners, we hear him state, " that these men
at last thought fit not to continue with Mr. ALEXANDER,
to share either in his perils or his crimes." His crimes !
By what right dares the ATTOEN ILIrGENERAL desig-
'nate—previous to conviction—the act of any man as
criminal ? By what right presumes he thus to prejudice
the minds of the Jury, then sitting in judgment upon
the defendant? Let Sir JAMES SCA ItLETT explain
that.

Look, again, at the threat of this Whig ATTOZWZY-
GENZILAL, respecting the publication of the names of
the Jurymen : If any person dared to publish suck a.
list, he—the Attorney-General—would bring the indi-

vidual so offending to condign punishment !• Truly,
this Sir J A NES SCA a lATT is a prodigious fine.
fellow wonderfully clever but I question much,
whether a little reflection upon his past language
will satisfy even his mind, that he has discreetly
exercised the power of speech. His exultation at his
monstrous successes has led him astray. He is drunk
with his an-English triumph, and reels ,to and fro.
In his unguardedness of incrimination, the cloven
foot has been ton palpably exposed, to suit either
his or his Master's ulterior aim. But the Cov
TILT, Sir, will rouse itself—who, now, can doubt
it ?—and seeing the abuse to which these laws of libel
may be carried, will indignantly demand as enactment,.
which shall wipe away from our code powers so atrocious
—statutes so disgraceful in a laud of liberty.
SIDNEY.
• As to Sir JAMES SC AILLETVII doctrine—that the

names of the Jurymen shall not be made public—we
defy the names. We have a . right, as English-
men, to know the parties, by whom our fellow-citisens
—in any and every cue—are tried and judged. e
give notice,tberefore, to the ATTORNITGIN ZEAL, MS
we shall—at the first convenient opportunity—pub/is*
the forty-eight nmesee, and we snap our fingers at his
uncoosatudonal isndacity.

RD. STAR.

COLUMBIA.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
LETTER IV.

Boma, Sirs. SS, MS.
3/ it,—Venecuela was the first to suffer the chastise-
-sleet of these errors : it is true, however, that in this
ease nature came to the aid of tyranny ! The earthquake of
1812,extended its ravages over all that was patriotic there,
cutting off the physical resources of the Republic, to
such a degree indeed as capriciously to leave unconsumed
all those which belonged to the enemy. As might be an-
' ticipated, fanaticism eagerly seized hold of this event, to
represent the catastrophe as an evident visitation from
Heaven ; new ecclesiastical censures were fulminated
lagainst the insurrection ; the moral force being thus
destroyed, and the country wounded in her very
boom, her power and intellectual exertions, she had only
to cover herself with a mantle of sorrow and expire !
But she soon resucitated. Groat political convulsions
'scarcely over fail to raise a man up, capable of directing
• the destinies of his country. Bold VAR, who had com-
' menced his career of glory, on the banks of the Mag-
dalena, developed on this occasion the energy of his
charaCter. Exiled by the Congress of New Granada,
and having for his companions in arms BABAS, D'EL-
HU TAR, JIRARDOT, and URDANETA, he defeated,
with *handful of brave followers, the enemy's bands in
Cucuta, at Taguanes, and 'Aruare ; then hastening to
the heights of Guaire, cut off the sea from MONTE-
VERDI, that MONTEVERDE who, with a ferocity not
often imitated by his countrymen, had trod under foot the
laws of nations, violated the solemn capitulation of San
Mateo, and covered Venezuela with mourning and tears.
But it would seem that this heroic country had not yet
been sufficiently tried by Gods and men. It had scarcely
begun to breathe the air of liberty, when BOVE!! and
ROSETE, thirsting for blood, and anxious to preserve the
domination of Spain, liberated all the slaves ; uniting
nine thousand convicts under their banners of destruction.
Desolating these unhappy provinces with fire and sword,
proscribing all that was patriotic and virtuous, these mon-
sters renewed the horrors of the early conquest, and
forced us into acts of just reprisal.
Although reinforced by the troops which CAJIGAL
brought from Spain, the enemy could not advance a step,
without being encountered and beaten by Ri a AS, URDA-
NETA, MONTILLA Or MARINO. BOLIV AR, struggling
not only with the numerical superiority of his adversaries,
but against the insubordination, apathy, and discontent of
the people themselves, (provoked by the exactions of
some of his own Lieutenants) saw himself at length be-
trayed by fortune ; and from the result of the ill-fated days
of Curs, Vries, and la Puerta, nearly the whole country be-
came the theatre of the vengeance and fury of MORALES.
Always bearing the honour and interests of his country
at heart, the Hero of Caraboba returned to New Granada,
to obtain succours for delivering Venezuela. The news
by this time had been received, of FERDINAND's return
to Spain ; of his famous Decree of May 4th ; of the hos-
tile measures about to be adopted against South America,
which formed the resolution never to return to the yoke.
The Congress of Granada proved faithful to its mission.
Despising equally the menaces and promises of the Spa-
nish despot, the representatives of the people replied
to them by decreeing an immediate levy en masse.
Santa-fe, whose President, NARINO, had delivered
a portion of the South, after the glorious actions at
Celivio, Juanambil, and Tacines, refused its contingent,
" not to the country, but to that authority." But the
province of Cundinamarca having been subdued by Bo-
raven, it entered into the confederacy, and the civil war
was thus terminated. A central government was then
installed in the capital of New Granada, and leaving the
executive power in the hands of a triumvirate, it was
resolved to prosecute the war with vigour.
To this effect, troops were sent to Popayan to check
the progress of the royalists, who had contrived to re-
cover their previous losses. Joining the corps of
URDANETA, charged with defending the province of
Pamplona, it was decided that BoLivii a should pioceed
to dislodge the Spanish forces at Santa Martha, and
thence march for the liberation of Venezuela. It already
seemed that New Granada was about to consolidate its
future independence and prosperity, when the venom
of discord was again disseminated, to threaten it
with slavery and ruin.
Actuated by an unjust spirit of disobedience to national
authority, the representatives of Carthagena refused the
auxiliaries which were ordered to be placed at the disposi-
tion of BoLt v mt. A fratricidal contest uow ensued be-
tween the troops which should have delivered Santa-
Martha, while the enemy profited by our dissensions to
possess himself of Barranquilla and Mompos, and of the
warlike stores in these places, as well as of the slender
forces we had on the Magdalena. During the siege of
Carthagena, the provisions collected in the fortress were
consumed, and the place deprived of that assistance which
it had formerly received from the interior provinces.
On the news that the worthy executor of FERDI-
NAND Vll.'s decrees had arrived at the head of a large
armament, BOLIVAR adopted one of those resolutions so
Worthy of his energetic mind. He determined to absent
himself from a country, to which circumstances rendered
it, for the moment, impossible to be useful. Exhorting the
Government of Carthagena to prepare for a vigorous resist-
ance; and requesting that the troops hitherto under his
command might be employed against the common enemy ,he
' endiarked foriamaica, with the intention of waiting amore
favourable opportunity of recommencing that war, which
he had from the first sworn to wage against despotism.
When there is no disposition to listen to reason, says
FRANKLIN, she does not fail to make her voice ieard.
So in this instance were past errors chastised. The
whole. of Venezuela • having been reconquered by the
united forces of MORILLO and MORALS., the ex-
pedition disembarked at Santa-Martha, and soon after
laid Beige to Carthagena, which place, with a weak
garrison, exhausted by previous attacks, closely block-
aded by land and sea, was defended with an obsti-
nacy and heroism every way worthy of the cause
it had to sustain. Whenever the soldiers of Fez-
DINAW D attempted to reduce the city by force of
arms, they were driven back. Though struggling with
Imager and famine, a prey to pestilence and diaesas—
their situation aggravated by every imaginable evil, not
a voice was heard from the friends of freedom, to propose
a capitulation or solicit terms from the enemy. At the
end of one hundred and sixteen days, when every hope of
relief or successful resistance bad vanished, the inks-
bitantd resolved to abandon the soil under which their
forefathers slept, rather than be again subjected to the
hated yoke. All those who had sufficient strength to rise ,
from their beds hastened on board the vessels in the
the emigrants broke through the enemy's squadron, and
likurthose of Tyre, Thetis, and Phocea, 2,000 unhappy
exiles went to seek an asylum in a distint land, that
might preserve them from the renewed domination of
their tyrants !
1 have the honour to
AR be,
CIA &c.
G DZL NO.

LORD HOLLAND.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
Staff A paragraph has appeared in several of the
newspapers—including, I believe, the STAR—which
states that the legal phalanx, employed against the
Morning Jounsal, were, with Lord HOLLAND, of the
Whig Party. The meaning is obvious enough. It is a
charge of political apostacy against all the parties. The
manly and independent tone of your comments upon the
late prosecutions, convinces me the insertion of the pa-
ragraph, as far as it relates to Lord HOLLAND, arose
from inadvertence. It is not the less necessary, how-
ever, to protect him against the imputation which it con-
veys. The position occupied by the Whig lawyers was
very different from that in which his Lordship was placed.
They might have refused the brief and the fee, had they
possessed public virtue sufficient to do so. Theirs was a
voluntary act. Not 80 with Lord HOLLAND. His
Lordship's attendance was compulsory. He was a wit-
ness in obedience to a summons, compliance with which
was unavoidable.—lt would have been just as fair to
have associated the learned Judge on the Bench with the
Bar, and thence inferred a unity of design, principle,
and purpose, among them.--Whether the Gentlemen for
the prosecution commenced their career as Whigs or
Tories, is of little consequence. The goal of all mem-
bers of that learned body has ever been professional
honours and advancement. The Whig Nobility of the
land have enjoyed a more independent character and at
loftier station—and if desertion has lately thinned their
ranks, it should not lessen in our esteem those who have
proved themselves faithful and consistent. Among these,
Lord HOLLAND occupies a prominent place, worthy of
his family and his name. Far from betraying an incli-
nation to coalesce with a despotic and Tory Minister, it
is well known, importunities and strong temptations were
unable to induce him to accept office under Chiefs far
leu objectionable, but his co-operation with whom might
possibly have impaired his claim to perfect disinterested-
ness, unspotted honour, and devotion to the cause o
liberty.

EDUCATION.

I
