MLYICO.

A Mexican Mail brought us last night Vera Cruz newspapers to
the 12th of June inclusive. The following arc extracts:
M exico, filar 24.—The latest journals from Yucatan daily
express more inclination to the central system.
The position of the government is very difficult. On the one hand,
it ought not to permit the scandal of the separation of Yucatan to
subsist ; on the other hard, the geographical position of that penin-
sula renders it extremely difficult to reduce it by force. A very
strong and expensive maritime expedition would be necessary.
The only ships of war that the Republic possess are in Yucmar.
The troops there are good and well paid. The Government is in:-
litary. and there do not appear to be any party differences. How.
ever, Yucatan has declared that It continues to be an integral part or
the Mexican Republic: the commencement of hostilities might
induce the inhabitants to renounce this principle, which may, it.
the sequel, lead to an amicable arrangement, if the affair is treated
with ability and sincerity. Now there is no doubt of another
Spanish expedition ; and it might, thereture, be ativisearde to sehd
our troops thither ; and for the government, without giving ...
assent to what has been done in Yucatan, to concert measures trio
the chiefs of the (invent for the defence of the Peninsula against
the threatened Spanish invasion.
MEXICO, Nlar 28.—With the greatest regret we have to ar-
nounce the ruin of the city of Guatemala and of the surrounding
country by most dreadful earthquakes. for five successive days, and
which had not ceased when the messenger Ift the city. All the
principal edifices were levelled with the gn u. el, and tile inhabitat is
have been obliged to fly to the equates and field-, where they have
erected huts for their shelter.

Yesterday the Conductor set out for Vera Cruz, with 800,000
dollars, escorted as far as Puebla by the 7th Regiment of cavalry.
By the care of Government, that the merchants might avail them_
selves of the Conductor, the carriage was reduced to per cent. Ii
this emission is a proof of the revival of public confidante, it also
thews the necessity of protecting and encouraging the national
industry, In order to avoid sending ►uch liege sums of money
abroad.

MExlco, JUNE 2.—General Bruro writes from Acapulco, under
Cate 28th May, that on the 21st he commenced his operations m
conjunction with Colonel Barbaboza. Knowing that Alvarez was
in ambush, with his whole force, on the other side of the river, they
attacked and drove him from three advantageous positions succes-
sively, and obliged him to take flight.
VERA CRUZ, JUNE 12.—This morning the conductor of silver
arrived here from the interior without accident.-1:1 Censor of Vera
Crux, to 12th June inclusive.

SOUTHWARK ELECTION (THIS DAY).—Tion o'Clock
Harris, 396; Calvert, 303; Wilson, 280. Eleven o'Clock, Hat-
tie. 604 ; Calvert, 367 ; Wilson, 370. Twelve o'Cloek, Harris,
599 ; Calvert. 413 ; Wilson, 438. One o'Clock, Harris, 696 ; CAI.
vert, 465 ; 504. Two o'Clock, Harris, 737 ; Calvert, 495;
Wilson, 6sl.

TRHZE o'cLoca.
Harris, 847 I Wilson, 654 I Calvert, 542.
FOUR o'CLOCIE.
Harris, 973 1 Wilson, 784 I Calvert, 599.
NOTTINGHAM ELECTION, JULY 31.—Stato of tl e
Poll at the close. Thomas Denman, Esq. 632 ; General Sir R.
Ferguson. 615 ; Thomas Bailey, Esq. 107.

MELTING OF THE BRISTOL FREEMEN.—A ve,y
numerous Meeting of the resident Electors of the City
of Bristol took place this morning, for the purpose of
proposing a fit and proper person to represent that city.
At twelve o'clock the business was opened by the Chair
man, C. &rev ENS, Esq. who briefly addressed the Meet-
ing, and pointed out Mr. PROTH Ii.ROE as a gentleman
every way worthy of their support. Mr. MS NC HEE, late
Editor of the Bristol Mercury, went into a statement
connected with the question of slavery, and te?robanli
the proceedings adopted by the party of Mr. BAIL-
LIE, the candidate, as disgraceful in the extreme.
He should he happy to take the names of geut e-
men for Mr. Plt OTII EROE, for whom conveyance would
be provided. He was frequently interrupted by cries of
" Sermon," " Question," &c. and concluded by Eno-
posing Mr. PROTHEROE for their choice, which was re-
ceived with a mixture of applause and disapprobation.—
Mr. W. BROWN, banker, then spoke at some length ;
and begged the freemen to pause before they bound the n.-
selves, upon any ex-purte statement. Mr. 13,111.1.1 k:
was a most honourable man, as was Mr. PROTHERt.E.
They did not want a man who would sti nd at a cert Lia
house in Bridge-street to discount certain at c
who would vote for the Bank Charter, in order to get I i
brother, or cousin, a place in the Excise, or elsee her !
they wanted a man who would really strive to benefit the
trade of the city of Bristol ; who would vote against the
taxes. They did nut want capital or enterprise—tin y
wanted free trade—a free trade in corn would soon gi;e
them a market for their manufactures. They wanted the
East India, and all other monopolies, done away with—
the vent which 300,000,000 millions of population
would give them in the East. We were sympathizing
and aiding the slaves of the West Indies, whilst English-
men had been found, at the end of a Parliament, toiling as
beasts of burthen, and dying on our highways, with grass
and sorrel in their stomachs. Mr. BROWN apologized iva
detaining the Meeting, and concluded amidst great ap-
plause. Several others addressed the Chair, but the ul-
timate feeling did not appear to be very flattetiug to the
convener of the Meeting.
