.-. . .
. . , . . . . . . .. .. . . ..,
•
. - ' ' • - ' .
.. . . ,
' . . • ' e
yesterJae • b
inerein r, dews that be is every way worse, • •
,to commemorate hei virtues and it: tegard! A tore' • L4w tivritiLiGEArcE: , a trader withie the meaning bf the ilanknint Laws.
instead of better. It is as follows: .
ply devoted once a year to general sorrow:
—. rhe Learned Counsel now :Omitted that the above.
. .
" Clairmont, 11th November. COURT OF CHANCERY, NOVEMBERt i.
• , Where praising what is Insi mentiened circurnstanets eculd not bring the hail-
: ~ Trine. I.roiocu bad a very restleis alight, and is
.more • Shall make the remembrance dear.' The Court was wholly occupied on Bankrupt Pe. rupt within the le el definitian of a trader within the
i.'4:3 :!taii Itittwto. " C. sTuCKMAIN." titione, at no interest but to the parties.
gtrhainnkteidnea tßll7,l,c.atseo
:slwiorstthcayusoff. further
meaning of the laws in forte against bankrupts; and 1
. conislisleerCa';ito"lnT,
'' ettreAV LETTERS. In the ravages !3, of death iii the Royal line of ling- COURT OF KING'S BENCH, NOVEMBER ii. e,
it's " CLARENIONT, NOVEMBER it.
„ Torolay morning, Nine
o,mek. land, the only instance that cars a particular analogy PR,MERSET V. JARVIS.
to the one We can now neither soffit appreciate Thiswas.l motion fora rule, to shew cause why WOODS V. HAVER'.
o wlat was reported yesterday is believed to bethe verdict in this cause should not bs set aside, or Mr. Cuiteemn moved for a rule to show cause why •
7 ,reef
this morning, that the truly mournful funeral
• day se'nnight, by which time or deplore, is the death of the Duke of GLouctsren, ea new trial granted. It arose out of an anti' the verdict for the defendant in this case s' maid not
the only survivor of 17 children whom Queen ANNE which had been brought by the Assignees of a Gen- be set aside, and a ner.• trial granted, under the fol.
It •
t, i toes; place on this
be lore her accession to the Throne, bore to Geonue tleman, whose name was not mentioned, to recover lowing circumstances :-It was an action on a bill of
it is errec,ed the Dukes of Ewer and CAMBRIDGE
the value of certain goods which the defendant had •-xchange for se'ecie dated t:.e Ist of July, 1811, and
e
l. will have atri yet! in England: Prince of Denmark, occasioned universal consterna- received from the bankrupt since his haniug nom-
payable at 75 days-drewn hy a Coienel Morgan,
on a person of the nerve of Carpue, and endoeseO
non and alars.throughout the kingdom. He was a, witted an act of bankruptcy. The defence set up
.. 'Ulm Deice •,f Sueszx sent on Friday to make his
over to the present plaintiff The defendant 's the
husband of Mr.
promising youth of ten years of age, carefully edu- was, that the person who had been declared a bark-
wet A ffevion4te inquiries after the Prince LEOPOLD.
I cated in the Protestant faith, and in sound consiitu- rupt was not within the teach of the Bankrupt Less, Carpue's sister, who acted as. the
•••
-• in R..yal Highness is inconsolable for the loss of.he never, in point of fact, having been a trader.--
executrix principles, by Bishop BURNET. His reign, as v Ilia took place belote Lent Fillenhornitgle at aiiild.
executrix ol her deceas•-•d brother. 'On the "Iriel,
ills f• loved, amiable, and Loyal Relative. The act of trading, on which the Commission was
hall, on the ltaait of Jialy last, the Imnd-writing of
!•+
loved,
of the undoubted legitimate lineal descendant of founded, was the sale of a considerable number of
•• A communication from the Earl of LIVERPOOL
atiiTed here on Saturday evening." JAMES IL would have united Whigs and eac.,bites, in horses' hides to one pf the witnesses upon the trial, Mr. Carpue was proved, and, so far, a good case
obedience to what the one would have considered his who was a collar-meke.r. The bankrupt, it appear-
el ANOTHER LETBER. ed, was a person w..,, lived in. considerable•stple, Was made out for the plaintiff. The defence set up
was, thattheanbdill
transaction, ian
pqeuressont i o
ofn otrlifei looted in
o fa •
Thomasg a rni ng
ee constitutional and the latter his divine right to rule.
keeping, as part of a splendid establishment, a peck
6' Tuesday, Four o'Clock, v. se.
..
•• We are like the inhabitants of an almost desert.. The Duke of Geoucesren, the MArcellus of Eng-
of hounds. To feed his dogs he had become from Acton was called to prove this feet. He deposed,
se sal lee ; scarcely aperson to be leen in the Park, one a partial change land, died in 1700, and occasioned
time to time the pile:dieser of a great number if that at the time the bill was drawn, he was-a seeker
!.• but those from necessity and on business; a i
tend per- n the dynasty; a descendent of lotus I. the com- horses, and, among other means tit providing an at the York Hotel, kept by a ter. Durant, and he
MI ,1 of dogs meat, he had contracted knew Mr. Carpue, Celenel M w an and a ' mon ancestgly was found in the person of Soi'IIIA, adequate. Pt V . . g ,
tiro mart lament over their woe till tbehleyes
e, ems . • - with the Birrack Master of some Cavalry 13,rracks, man of the name of Twisdeo, who were in the habit
j- filo.' with tears. The Public sympathise.steeply Electress of Hanover, his grami-daughter •• nd her
s a
t. , ate in the neighbaurlioad of ,his residence, for such of wincing the hotel. He icculiected that these par.
'underson the name of gEORGE I. immediately sue-
/w. 1 our grievously Billeted Prince LEOPOLD. The
it i horses as eiotild thence to die during the contrail- ties dined there together in May, 1811, and. after
inqiiiries A
' ft a.r his health are not merely formel, the ceeded ANNE, in 1715. The subsequent succession mace of such contract. dinner, they directed him to call a coach. He'did
ei is
dwell known, and its feather lineal descent. inter- Mr. Mettiteer, in support of the role, urged that so, and the coachman es as desired to drive to Mil,
1 anxiety 01 the visitors is evident in their distresse
• rupted, if not broken, by the calamitous blight of its the sale of horees' hides in thie case could, in no way, which was the name of a notorious gemineehouse in , •
'e souatenances; in fact, the overwhelming and dis- be deemed an act tit trading. '1 he hounds required St. James's-street. They returned t i the hotel at a , •
fairest promise. e
trwi:ig case comes home to the feelings of every to be fed with horse-flesh, and as it was necessary late hour, and ordered supper, and while witness was f
There are two elder brothers of the late ,Duke cf
e man, to the hardiest and commonest labourer. The ......- to provide :verses, so it was es necessary to purchase laying the cloth, he heard 'rwisden say to Mr. Car
• lave of the Royal Pair bad increased daily, if pus- BRUNSWICK now living, one blind, and the other an them with their skins on. Now as the dogs could pile, you must give us sense acknowledgment for
idiot ; they, of course, it competent, would precede the I not eat the skins, and as the person who had pur- the money you lost to•niialit. Witnets was then sent ~
Ar'sibk, since their union. Since that time they never
Present Duke in the succession to the British Throne. chased the horses could have no possible means of out to get a couple of 'till stamps, hut it was too 1,
'''' Lave been separated but for a few hours, and that P making use ot the skins, it WAS extremely natur il !ere ; and when he came back, Coloml Morgan de-
e,
;‘' has been when Prince 'Ammo was called upon to ,m 1•1•1111 ImaiNimro
that lie should dispose of them as he had done. To sired him to go up to his room, where he woold find - •
CORN EXCIIAIVI7E. MARK-L/INE ° • •
'-: pay his respectful duty to the Patas Reamer, at his --,-- , • NOV.• 1.• i', 4y that the disposal of I;orses' skins in this way was some stamps, which he was to fetch down to 'Nem.
An act of trading, was as idle as to call a man a era- He did so, but Mr. Carpue objected to granting the r. ,
44, Levees, or upon some other public occasions.-
We have had no fresh ' 1 WIVE of any Grain this [der for selling the phial bottles which the apothecary hale, observing that he had already ov,idrawn his • .
CHARLOTTE the beloved, and LEOPOLD the object of
morning; yet sales were heavy, in consequence of I had supplied hint when he sent himphysic ;or that bankers, Messrs. \VOA!. To obviate this &flit:lilt ''t
e. y,
her choice, knew no happiness without each other-a the buyers holding
pattern to all men and their wives in humbler life.- contained the wine he had drank, and which were no were accordingly dated on the Ist of .It,'y. Mt. • . 1
large arrivals. Fine Wheat and Barley obtained
Monday's- . • longer of any service to him. Carpue, the witness declared, was not wile: at the
Their study was to make every one happy upon their, .
prices for wnat was left unsold on that Lord Eeeteasonotson remarked, that it was a mat- time, and the bill being handed to witness, he iclen- s.j.
establishment, in which they succeeded, every thing day. In Oats and other articles, no alteration. ter of consideration, whether, when he purchased the titled it by a pencil mark that was on it. Mr. Cur- >-•'1, I
. being conducted with the greatest regularity and —. horses, he did not contemplate making a profit by - i
wood now stated, that, since the trial, the plain off :; i
good management, by an admirable selection of at- NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. the subsequent sale of the Aims-Rule granted. had discovered, that not much credit should be given
tendar.ts and domestics, to carry their IFIXIMands
.--,..-. PASNOME v. NAY. to the testimony of Acton. Ho had procnred two ~
This was an action of assault and battery alledged affidavits to this fact-theist was sewn by the bro- , s
into execution. . • MAILS-asa. Des. Ass. Due.
Prince Ewritaseeev and the Earl of LIVERPOOL Dublin - - . 0 0 Franee - -- o o
to have been committed at sea by the defendant, the elan. of Mr. Durant, and tile other he a waiter of the 0
Waterford .- - a o aottenbilmh .. 0 4 Captain of an Indiarnanr upon the plaintiff, a soldier, neme of Hart, woo lived in the buret, at ;be time 0,
arrived, to pay visits of condolence. Both these Guernsey and Jersey 0 0 Flanders -- - 0 0 on his return home from the East. At the trial be- spoken to by Acton. Mr. Doran.: stared, that at the i
distinguished characters were extremely affected.- Lisbon . - - 0 0 Malta . - o 0 fore Lord Ellenborough, in the Sittings at Guild- , time Acton resided in the home, he was only an ...,
Inplland - - - 0 0 Hanikurgh . - 0 0 .
The Earl of Layearooe came in a very private men- hall after last Term, the Jury found a verdict for chi
under-waiter, and it vrooli not be his business to at-
FALMOUTH, NOVEMBER 9: plaintiff-damages, £3O. tend company at the hour i.e had mentioned. A t :
ner in a chaise and pair. Wind W.S.W.-.Arrived the Grace Packet, with Mr. SCAKLETT now moved for a Rule to shew such a time, no person but his brother or the herte- -'
" Lord 613TLEILEAGH'S visit yesterday was short, Mails from New York and Helilay-in 17 days ( -
in consequence of the deep afßiction under which be the latter. Put back the Mary, ANDREW, and Dove, a new trial granted, on the ground that the Jury had who is now in Paris, declared that there was no such
evidently laboured. ' HAVES. The Wellington Packet arrived at Halifax given excessive damages. The Learned Counsel re- dinner or supper as that mentioned by Acton given
22d October. presented the circumstances of the case to be these: 'on the day named. He had carefully looked ow: his ~,
, • " The livery servants, and those of the PRINCE
POOLE, NOVEMBER so. The plaintiff had come in a state of intoxication books, and no entry of that kind appeared. He knew,,, t
Reuse, are to be put in deep mourning."
Arrived the Perseverance, from Halifax, in 21 upon deck, and approaching the Captain in a very the parties ; they sometimes dined in the cidee.rouns, 1
" EXEIER, NOVEMBER at. days; she brings an account that the Fonen-frigate
offensive way, pushed his bayonet against him.- but never, he believed, supped in the house. Hatt, *. 1
a National sympathy, national feeling, and na- had been on shore at the entrance of }Wife:, and The latter said •a' you are drunk,' and ordered him 1
Ile waiter, confirmed this statement. lie deposed, 4. ;,
to go below and sober himself- This the plaintiff re- that if lie had been up on the neva in quiestion, lie
.k: i
done' sorrow are excited by NATIONAL CALAMITY.- had received considerable damage.
fused to do, in the most insolent manner, and the must have known of this supper, and it nut, Acton se',..‘ 1
The GREAT-the GOOD PRINCE'S is gone-ion. EVEN ! PLYMOUTH, NOVEMBER so. Captain conceiving that the example of his insubor., could not have got it ready, for the larder would tr:
She has left an earthly Crown to inherit an Heavenly Arrived the Gixle Hope, VINE, from Rotterdam di • •
nation might have an iniproper eifect open the II eve been locke 1. No such dinner, or supper he
for Lisbon, in nine days, with loss of sails and leaky,
one! Her soul has fled from this sickly scene of mor- crew, ordered him to be punished, or, in other words, was coutideet, took place in May, 1811.
and must unload ; also the American brig Cannon, -
, tal existence to reap, in immortality, never fading to undergo the discipline of startiee, which order was Mr. Justice llavi.eir -fir What consi.boaaion did
DELANO, from Havannah for Cowes, in 44: days, and immediately obeyed by the boatswain, who laid in your client give for this bill r.
joy. She leaves behind her a name has suffered much damage in her sails.
i elevel or twelve smart blows with a rope's end upon Mr. Cuitsveon--e My affidavits say nothing about
• That will smell sweet, DEAL, NOVEMBER it. the plaintiff's back. For this assault and battery the that."
And blossom in the dust!' Wind W.S.W.-Arrived and sailed for the River plaintiff brought his action, and recovered the ver- Mr. -Justice Beer es,-.. 1,,,,a ennient yourself' with
Disliking the forms, the itippery, and the folly of the Frederick. ALLEN, from the South Seas ; and diet above stated. The Learned Counsel n
now eels- negativing this del‘ndant's ph. but you omit all
Courts, she sought retirement as her Paradise below : Braganza, MASTERMAN, from Oporto. in seven days. mitted that the damages given by the Jury were un- meeition of 0.:-.• ni inner in winch tllis toil came into
1
• and, in the company of a beloved Husband, she ex- Came down from the River the• Waterloo, Keels. reasonable and excessive, intsrauch as the plaintiff's your hands." •
petienced the calm enjoyment of domestic bliss, ms.
TON, and Augustus Cesar, for Jamaica; and Richard own conduct had produced the vielence inflicted Lord ELLENCOHOUCIi" If you were conscious of ,
•
and Sibella, for Barbadoes. The Augustus Cesar upon him, his offence being such as required ittime. your innocence, that circumstance would not !lite •
tainted by care, unalloyed by disappointment. The has upset the paulls of her windlass, slipped her chain diate punishment. been oanitted-and you would have waited tall you I
morning sun saw her happy in herself-happy in her cable, and gone for Ramsgate Harbour. Lord ELLENBOROCGH..." It would hardly be got the necessary evidence in readiLess, before you '
Consort-happy in her Home: the evening sun, as PORTSMOUTH, NOVEMBER it. worth your while to pay the costs, which you most ILA.te rl,i; application." .
he !ling his beams into the west, beheld nothing Wind S.W.-Arrived the William,
PATTER, from certainly do, in order to re-try the case, and correct Mr. Gensler-"'They were perfectly apprized' of •
the fault complained of in the fin-ling of the Jury.- the nature of. the defence that would be set up -a
within her circle to tarnish the honour of the woman, Quebec ; Sicily, CLIPPER. from Cadiz ; and the Lon-
rhe damages have certainly been rather excessive : (muter aeti•in having been brought on the other bill •
or to disgrace the dignity of the crown 1 Blessed by don transport, from the Isle of France, from whence
and I have no doubt that the plaintiff was a very of exchange." • sir
she sated on the '26th July ; she left there the Wood•. nature with a masculine understanding-with a mind lord, Cornwall, William Pitt, Eliza, and Porten, drunken fellow ; but still it was due so justice, that Mr. Justice DAVUIY....." Your giving en account of . l
too firm to be misled by flattery-too great to find from England.' The Lord Wellingtoo and Wood- the Jury should give some damages. But whet will the manner in which you became possessed of this s 4
i - pleasure in the noise nonsense and. childish famine. btidy ge had sailed from thence for Calcutta ; also the you get by going to trial again?" ' ;till, is cooclusive against you." its
Mr. Sceueete admitted that lie could only olitain I Mr. CL1.W)t:0...." WC appear as endorsees, and, ‘1
nations of fashionable life-too virtuous to participate Mercury and Thetis. The Earl Motley and the
a new trial upon payment of costs ; and prob ably there!ore, cannot give any account of the Ut iginal j'u.
in its vices-too free to love that slavery in others Lady Sorrington were at the Isle of France. The ,, , .
be the owe object of one of the patties in transaction."
London left the Cape the 26th August, St. Helena that. would • ,
which the hated herself-a Briton in principle -a Bri bringing another action. Mr. Justice ABBOTT-" Yes : but an endoreee can .ti..-
- - 21st September, and Ascension the '27th September.
. ton in action-she would have been the glory of her •I'he brig Garland, from London, had arrived at the Mr. Justice LiavtEv.-" It wont., put somebody I surely state how a bill conissiiiits his bands."
who acts for the plaintiff la a better situation, ai;kl. Lord ELLENLIODOCGII...." When you come before
country, and the honour of her age ! How dark and Cape the 24th August ; she left there the Duke of
possibly put your climb in a worse situation than he die Court with affidavits, it is expected that you
mysterious are tLe ways of PaoiNneecee in search Wellington. At Symons' Bay she left the John and
is :it present." should appear in the most amended state possible;
of which . London transports, with four or five others, names
a O'erstreseh'd idea banes, not known, bound to Ceylon. At St. Helena left the
Lord ELLENBOROCuIf." I should have been bet- but here you omit the major point. Whets you make ,„,_
.
ter pleased it the verdict had been for a less amount an affidavit, you are not chained down by any thing'
' . .AM chosen rulls back on darkness.' brig Sisters. bound to England ; at Ascension left
The of damages; but I think justice to both parties re- whim) can ereveat you trent givieg the fuliest expLae •>'
the Frederick South-Seaman, ter England. Who tan tell why virtue. in the bloom of spring is so quires that we should refuse the rule."-Ruleeelused. .nation ; you do not, however, tell us how this hrli • •
London sailed in company with the Ocean and
often suddenly snatched away-rwhilst vice, full blown Alexander transports, and parted on the Bth October, SCORE' 4X.C. ASSIGNEES OF ANDREW 9, v. At Tlloltili. came into your hands, unless through some gatuttliug
in iniquity, creeps through its period, till
the decay in lat. 4.48. Dersetseire, before Me. Baron Graham, when a
long. '2'2. On same day spoke the Lori I This was an action of truver,tiied at the last Assiael transaction."-Rule refused.
• • is
of nature extinguishes the nuisance and the crime?. Cathcart, from London for Bengal--On 9th October for COURT OF LNC.IIEQUIR, NOVEMBER 11. i,
• Who can tell why this tUgnified Lady, who would spoke the Grey. Rosen, from
.Gottenburgh to Rio verdict was found for the P laintiffs. Slit ws a axis LEV. LS v. 1111.,RGAN. !'
Mr. Cesseno now moved fora Rule to 'hew muse
Janeiro. The Benson, BEATSON, from Bengal for
why Mr. BLAKE, in the absence of Mr. AGA% moved
have been the most Royal of mortal Suvereigns,should •should use verdict not be set aside, and a new
Liverpool, had put into the Isle ofrrance to repairthat the plaint iff he pat in possession of certain estates
k torn away from the world, which she would have d •
the smite she had received. About 60 miles from trial granted. Notice having been given to dispute in Wales, now iii toe possession of the defendant;
conquered to her purposes with the weapons of just Sc. Helena, the London (the Ocean and Alexander
the different stages of the bankruptcy, the principal
and tlidt the defendaet should accoent to Sir egetkin
• - in company) felt a very severe shot!,, suppo.ied to question in the cause was. whether the bankrupt was.'
fur all the rents and profits received by him since the ,
a trader within the meaning of the bankrupt laws.-
. tress of the human race must no longer bestow her have been an earthquake. year 1804. The plaintiff, previous to 18C1, had urge
.t:
It appeared that the bankrupt was a Gentleman of
bounty-no longer make the indigent smile-or wipe CUSTOM-HOUSE, NOVEMBER It. consideration in the County of Dorset, and had mar- , dealings with a firm of which Morgen was a mem-
.4.lt'
IIDS.-The Three 13ettirs, Witann - and tied her, and it appearing that he was considerably in- 'X 1
away the tears of the afflicted: why she must no Bacc
SDX,EMNTatchaelol,llNrownA. Lisbon ;N g tie, h4oy and Duke of the Widow of a Clergyman, by whom he had a
&Med to them, he g.'ive them a rnort;.; ge i al his es- :1
longer dispense her blessings; whilst the scourgers York, Fryer, from Rotterdam: it!cia:rdu, Noble, fro;ns Demerara : considerable fortune. He was a subscriber to die
rates in Wales for the amount due. !I ' ' ' •ff l' The p: ainli
Martha; Blackburn, from Antwerp; Ann Harvev from ivy ry • Cranbourne fox-hounds, end kept tour or five hun-
arid tormenters of man continue the curses of the age " - ' had also plivate dealings with Morgan, and it is al.
Thetis, Leslie, from Charente; Jane, --, from Venice; and tell. Havino been chosen superintendent and ma-
re leged that he is indebted to hins t, a large iirriiiint. git
in which they . live ?. we. knew not-but she is gone Hannah, Moor, from Dantzte. nager of the pack, it became recessary that he should
Orerwataos.-Tbe Ann and Mary, Evans, for Sligo; Gene- Morgan was appointed thc• tee aver under the inort- tv
~
fur ever. The tears of the -people will moisten the increase the number of his horses, it bring part of
roes Planters, Thoop ; and Marsh, Richter, for Jamaica; Gene- age. The debt fur which the estates nen. 0: iginally st
tomb, and their loud limeritations testify their tor- rous Friete, Baldry, for Bremen; Queen, Heath, for Yucatan has duty to mount the whipper-in.. and other servants h . . .. i
.h.
pledged was discharged iii 18(4, but morgen reap.
• e
Naples. Palermo, and •tt d and Bay of Honduras;
. Shannon,
.7, rely, lot , aen ing upon the chase. At one time, therefore, te
row. Is is a loss indeed, heart-rending to all ; itstd to ,ise II the y o:session which 1w had, as the re-
comes home to every mind and bosom; all feel, be_ Eams, for Antwerp; Levant, M'Kibbon, for Belfast; Staff of iver, until his own private debt was alt., paid, J.
sold some of these anima's to deferent persons at a "- ,
Lite Crow, for Cork; Prince Waterloo,Jameson, for Done.was contends iii,
supper,. et the motion, that Morgan .S.,
) cause all are interested ; all mourn, because all are " - . i le 1
rats; and Vrouw Janina, Bakker, for Rotterdam and Dordt. profit, and had used es
had no right to caniiinet• in poss:ssiqi after the sum .- 1
. •
sufferers ; and truly may it be said, e We have that teatime to sell some ot his hori.res, with a view to gain.
WAS paid tor which afore ow est..tes were morg.iged. '‘e;
within. which passoth show.' The Marquis of Sausetory arrived in town on by the bargeins. But it did not appear that he had . , . ,
,e. Deter:es, 'he La,,a,is.'i I.ir the defer, ant, not -
Monday, from Ms seat, Aldborough, Suffolk. any license as a horse-dealer, or had ever bought e "
" Let the British nation simultaneously prove that being prepared is aeply to die statement which was
Marquis and Marchiouess Cnoterosameev are still horses for the express purpose of sale. The Jury,
'• the Penseess lived in its heart's core. Let it raise a Made, the Court ga act him time till Friday next, when
~. -
Z at their seat, Cholmondeley Castle, Cheshire, and are however, under the Learned Judge's directions, Alter
he will be heard.
lit
Brand and noble monument, a temple to her fame,. • retiring itaf four hours,, found that: bankrupt was . -
~' ~ not expected. to town.befure Christmas..., .• -
. _. . _
. - - '. ‘: r),Ylrf9:'.'''''Al4T.o- '• ' • . ----.....1- .1.--.47/..
______
