ELEGANT HOUSEiHOLD FURSITURE; BREWING
UTENSILS, WINES, FARMING STOCK, BULLS,
COWS, HORSES, SHEEP, PIGS, tcc".FARMING IM-
PLEMENTS of all descriptions, WHEAT, BARLEY,
OATS, ac.

By Mr. ROBINS,
On the Premises, Landawke, Langharta, Carmarthensiiire, early
in the Mouth of Strrensza, of width further notice will hi '
given,
11'HE Genuine and Fashionable HOUSEHOLD '
FURNfrtiar, the property of the
Right Honourable Lord KENSINGTON, •
going abroad. Cons:sting of Chintz Cotton Window Curtains
wish Parisian &events Chairs, Sofas &c. en suite; prime sea-
sonesi Feat her-bedsisid Bedding, of allikinomin_gions, Bedsteads,'
am. ; excel:hit Cabinet Amides of all diiscriptions, China, Glass,
superior flue flavoured old Port, Sherry, and Madeira Wines,
Brewing Utensils of varioui kinds, and numerous other Ankles.
FARMING sroeic...
Consisting of a large sock of South Down Sheep, Bulls and
Cows of the Scotch, Hereford, and Devon breeds, Huntersiand
Roadsters, and about forty Farming Horses and two Stallions;
Scotch Ploughs, Hariows, Cans and Hants's, Grecs and Chao.
Mills, various other Farming implements, WheatelkidaydOats,
Ste. Approved dd., will be t.--lusai in paymesu.
Catalogues wad be timely delivered lqg Mr. Robb% Warwick,-
street, Golden•square.

LOCK ANi..) SURGICAL. DISPENSAttY.
His Royal ii.gfiness the Duke of YORK, President. "
Su ft 9 CON —Mr. Kicrnan,Member of the ltoyalCollege, Imnilnn.
.vdcasoas—L:arl or E...reinoist, Earl of Leitrim, kiwi. Coluti.-1.
.J. Barry, NI P. John I.atuuche. M.P.
PETE Itovul and Not)le l'Atr‘dis nt the :above IN-
,
1 8 lUI ') fur the exclusive Tteatnsent of lilac; R I.
C•.)MPIAIiN FS, and their dangerous consequences, to ceder to
Multi the benefits that hovel esulted tront it, selected Ali% Kier-
nan as its Surgetan,pansbng Leiter on the list of the Royal College)
trout having directed hirchiet attention to those diseases. Mr.
Kiernan conceives it a pert ut hi. of l.ial duty to catvion the
puldtc, by pointing :o the I,lst of the Royal Collegtaublished
In February, t fit fi, as the only sure guicle, rand-that no assertion
of perie.res assuming such tubes, and publicly advertising 1110.1,
wt. hoot being sanctioned by this list, are to he credtfed. The at:-
teal reports of the Lock Dooeciary will prove that sum.? of the
Illfat dangerous eases of StrlcruressDebility, and oilier supposed
locurible affuctions of the Genreauve Organs have bean here ra-
dicallg aqd successfully treated.
K iernar, may be cowered as usual, by both Sexes, at his
imwer Cbarlotte-street, Beptoe.4.equare., 'mkt rr
Mr. i:ero *nil C..Poci:ol'y are tO'beaddit4seali, aisl the ne:ces-
sary advice and :aedicane will be given, or sent, to any past 01 the
Unittal Kingdom.
Just published, price 4s. 9.(1 Edition, Practical Observations on
the above Diseases, by F. Kiernan, and may be had at Nu. 171,
Fleet-street, Nu. 20, Pateritoater-row, and No. 10, Crown-court,
Soho.

DA. COOL EICb MEDICAL. BOARD, BLACK:FRIARS.
ROAD.
THE salutary effect of this Institution is manifest
from the lot:owing very extraordinary case :
. _ .

London to wit John 'Jackson; or the t oroogh of South.
'talk, broker, titaSeth ore and ;:stith. that In the year 18 14, he
was acted with a dangerots thl.order, and was nearly wventeen
mouths under the care of several arsilectable Sury,eman, withnut
obtaining any raid'. The disease increasing, and his hie being
in danger, seas recommended to Dr. cooper's Medical L..ard,
Charlotte-1-1611,e, black fri.irs.road, where the progress of the
disease was immediatay stoned, and hr was soon restored to
perfect health. wilic!., by the bil•ssiiirot Goo; lie still erjoye,
hereby declaring, that its staling these facts he is influenced by no
other- motive than a grateful Aturn local miraculous a cure, and
the thay he owes to his know creatures.
. - (Signed) • " JOHN JACKSON."
•WiTICESSICII PRZSINT,
" F. M. Lawrence, 23, Blattman-street, Borough ; Thomas
. _ .

Johnson, 8, Charlotte street, Bbck.friars.roaa.
Sworn at the Mlusion.Oons.., this Bth day of March, 1816,
before me, (tignctl) AIATTHEW WOOD, Mayor."
Messrs. Coarse mil Co. are consulted daily by all ranks of
people, front Eight in the Morning till Nine at Night, anti claim
cite attention of those who have been improperly treated.—Ad-
vice grafi.' on Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday Mornings, until
Twelve o'clock.
N. B. Two eminent Physicians bare lately joined the Beard,
and Medical Gentlemen, who attend with shine Patients, are
present during consultation.

luvalidique patrum.refe raw jejuna feat' "—V too.
Fr »n the fahorembiate
Unmanly sons arise—a puny race !
ARRIAGE should'be the foundation of soeirtl
iva happiness, which is often dieturbed through the partici that
form the union, not taking those precautions which would lecuce
thenithe enjoyment of that great domestic blesehig. Amidst
thasiwiancholy.eariety of disorders wrier which human nature
is known to step, there are none mire alarming or more elle-
treasingskan those wideh result fions fashionable galFtili, early
eatatiot, iv 'solitary httempetarce.
es.iii. Ctratftle. souk hee.tieuilim that ekt sedulous at,
tendon A a practice exclusively directed to the treatment and
cure of CERTAIN COMPLAINTS, eutitle them Li the claim
of superior icquirement. As regular Surgeon., they offer a
speedy *pi permanent cure for every stage of that disorder, which
is contracted In an unguarded unguent, and wh:eh pOiltpaS the
springs of life, and for every class of debility, Which is the cons'.
gttence of jueentle indiscretions, preventing the maturity of 'man-
hood, entailing by anticipation, on its unhappy victim all the in-
.firmities of old age--the body 'teeming eliervat.d and ema-
ciated—Abe cheeks yellow and bloodless—and theAlnd gloomy
apd dejected. For the result of their success itt this particn•
be branch, they refer to that reputation, which, they flatter
themselves, they have acquired, by So years esperieuce, in a,
much extended practice. In slight and recent cases of Syphilic-
tic Complaints, a perfect cure is completed in the short prtiod of
two days; and in the most aggravated memos proper perseverance
In their plau.of treatment Worm to the patient an invigorated
ution.
Married Women, who have long been disappointed in their
especnitions of a busily, maybe assured that, In most instances,
;such defects are curable by ntedical ; and though the re-
mevatoe such Impediments be an **an( doubt and uncertainty
with others, yet the ewe of such defects, by the gradual `pro-'
yetis of renovation, is the acquirement of their experience.
Masses. CORR IX and CO. may be ,consultad by Patients of
ertiex, übrleb the greatest secrecy and honour, at their hoes%
107, Itatton.gaiden. Path*" in thecouney, g theft
Vie, and general habit of living, /cc, tic; a rep.
*far advice and mcdidnes, the same will be
~ 84410
part 0) the Kingdom.-IQ7,Hattqp-gardeli.
1

. SARACEN'S HEA,L) INN, .9.NOWIIILL.
• , UNCOMMON CHEAP TRAVF.I.LING:
From LONDON to YORK only TWO GUINEAa, laz 31lit,
And ONE GUINEat, OUTeloc :
In proportion to EDINBURGH, and all Parts of ta:e NOR nit
Vaunt LONDON to WEYMOIJ ni, ON,E a;111 la LA, IN scat:,
'And FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, OuralDa:
• CANNON ONLY ?OUR INSIDE.
• COACHES vat Barr—HORSES tear 000 D TIMIS.
By B. W. MOUN PAIN and Co.
GOSLING and C ROOK': MARLBOROUGH
elegant Poet Coach, through lIUNGEttFORD, NEW-
quitv, and READING; sets out at Seven o'Clock in the Morn-
lug, art lees at Marlborough to dinner—comforudde sonycyatice
for chose travelling the West. Road,
The WAT eRLO 0 New Light Fopr loaide Coach, to LEWD%
lIALIF.aX, BRADFORD, and all parts of the North, sets out
at two o'clock in the afteroopn, and arrives at the Gant n Lion
Inn, locals, next evening, at six o'clock, through Stamford,
Grantham; Newark, aisd Doncaster. I his coach is intended to
accammodatc the toaans of Leeds, Halifax, 13rolfor.1, and vici-
nity. It will. leave Leeds at three. o'clock in the afterioon. P 3 1
sellSerl stay corvenietaL come to Leeds from taese ptacesoood
be in London early the next evening.
l'he UMPIRE, a NhW I.IVERPOOL Ugh: Coach, only
bye night on the road, rarriet four Insides an 1 roar Outsidaa„
sets out every day at one o'clock, arrives at Liverpool next even.
lug before seven o'clock, by way of Duttstable, Woliarn, Lath.
bury. Northampton, Wehord, Lutterworch, Hinckley, Adler.
stone, I.itchfield, Slone, Rid;;ely, Newcastle, Kautsfurd, War-
rington. and Prescott.
[ SOU 11-lAMPTON, Lymlngton, Winthetter, and Bating.
stoke New Four Inside Coach, at eight o'clock in the mostairak
r arrives., atat aaale-a Int., fattuiltaimptou, by. *,x o'cloako-o-Thia
is a nsiast" caalgatfu! conveyance to the Isle of WI on, Jetsay,
Guernsey, 't. Maloe's Havre de Grace, Cheraourg, 'ea.c.
WEYMOU fH, Dorchester, Blandford, Salisbury, *Andover,
.I
1 and . Basingstoke new Pust Coach, every afternoon, at three,...
ilie Weymouth Packets to. Guernsey, Jersey, Cherbourg, St..
Malea's, at c. tram Cherbauro is a most detain ful road to Paris.
EXF.Tlitit, Plymouth, Weymouth, Dorchester, Fahnouth,
Dartnieuth, and `Millbury New POlt Coach, every Mortaineat
halt pa-t :;it o'Clock, throuaft noniron, Aansinster, Bud-.
port, Blaudford, Easingstolse, and Bagshot.
L BOSTON, Spalaing, Pcterboruugls, Stilton, and Hunttrgdcn
new Royal Mail Coach, sets but every Evening.--Coaches from
Beaton to Spilsby, Louth, Grhusby, anti Hull.
HAM and BOGS I'Ol, Flying Poot-Coaclies,thrnughChippene
bans, Caltie„and Marlborough, evspit Atterneoto arrive at Mr.
May's, the Greyhound len. Bath; and the London Tavern, The.
Isms-street; Bristol, next Iviuruing.—Coaches to Wells, Bridge.
water, Taunton, ac.
LEEDS new li- 1 a Coach, called the Rockingham, sets nut event
0
Morning at Eight (alit!' ; carries Four Insides Only, and gees*.
mat-Laity easy, with a Guard throughout. Tassel through Stan.
ford, Newark, Retford, Doncaster, and la rryhridga, to this
Golden Llain, Leeds, next Day, at Noon. Notwithstanding the
uncommon Expedition of this Coach, it I. allow, d to he the most
agreeable and complete Public Conveyance on the Northeßoad,
being unequalled in Accommodation by any other. Only two
guineas inside to York.
GLASGOW, Longtown, Gretna-Green, Jarman, Dan:fries
BrownbW, Thornhill, Sanquhar- Kiln, Cumuock, Kingswell, and
all Parts of Scotland, Camperdown Coach, Daily.
YORK, Newcastle, and Edinburgh no* Coach, performed
with a Guard throughout, sets out every Morning at !fait-pais
Six o'Clock, by way of Newark. Retford,Tadcaster, Darliugaast,
Northallerton, Durham, Morpeth, and Berwick. Passengers
finding themselves fatigued from the length of the journey, may
rest what time they please, and then proceed en Without any ad.
dational Fare. J. Cm sea, the Black Swan, Coney-street, York,
runs Coaches to Sunderland, Hull Scarborough, Whitby, and
other Places. .
BRIDGENORTH and Walsall Post Colds, every Evening.
CARLISLL,Penrit,b, and Wtatekaven :tot Coach, goes wok'
Four Horses, and a Guard 30 the way. Passes through rtroagh,
-IPPIebY. Greatabridge, Richractid, Catteriek, Batoughbridge,
Wetherby, a berford, Doncaster, and Grantham (the nearest
way by pighteen miles). Sets out every Morning, and proforma
the journey with tke greareat laatlitao raiisterreas Ao alma! od
the road by business, or pleasure, have the pet uliar advantage cal
their sits be:og secured in the next Coach.
-.• I.IVP R. 'POOL, Warrington, Knutsford, Stone, and Litchfield,
, Post-C..'oach, called The Expedition, every Eveolrg at Five
1'
i &Clock, to B. Broth. rten's, Saracen's Bead Inn, Dale-et/cot,
Listerpool. Guarded throughout. .
, WA ICE r: ELD Punt-coach, every mornings: balipast six.
• CIiESTER and PARKGATE new Post Coach, Doty.
' ECLIPSE, a :ow Fiyiug Post Coach, to Xork, Sunderland,
Newt-or:le, and Edinburgh, carries Four Insides only, every .ata
ternoen; at Three o'Clock, by way of Doncaster, Grantham, and
Stamford. '
KENDAL, Lancaster, Preston, Kirby-Lorsdale, Rohm),
Chorley, Ormskirk, and Garstang Post Coaches, every Atter.
noon at Five o'Clock.—Goarded.
SUNDERLAND, Stockton, and Vann, new Coach, every
•Morniyg, to the George Inn, Sunderland.
M ANCII ESTER, Wtnslow, Congleton, Newcastle, Wal,al,
and Wolverhamptou,Post-Coach, every Afternoon;--Guarlol.
. SHREWSBURY, Wellington, end Shiffaal Post-Coat', ia,e
Royal Charlatte every Evening, at Five o'Clock.—Guarded.
BlitadlNGliXad Mercury Post Coach, with a Guard, leis
out every Afternoon, and reaches Birmingham next day at Nitta.
Passe.a by Oxfbrd, Euston, and bbipstone, to the Saracen's Htad,
8011-streetaßinniogham.
SHEFFIELD and Rotherham Post Coach, called the Roast,-
ham,.every Morning. - ,
N.B. paasengers and Parcel* booked for the above Coacher,
at the New White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly.
Wias.aasa B. MOVIrrAIN and Co. respectfully acquaint thes
Friends and the Public, that they will not be accountable for at,y
Parcels or Luggage, /km of snore than Five Pounds Value, if lost
or danshged, unless =Wind as suchand paid for acconllagly, at
Lc ha &naves kcal Imo SapwAdlis Loden. •

•

.

•-• ".4

~`"


FirTi

;i1 ZETTE,VONE V.

P4RL.I-14ili:NT4lir PROCE,EDISGS.

HOUSE uf ,LORDS, JUNE c 7.

On the arrival of Lieutenant. General Sir MARCUS
RAINSIORD, of the Hayden Army, at his seat, Go-
vilon, near Abergaienny, on the 29th ultimo, he at
one o'clock hoisted the Haytian flsg, and fired a
royal salute of twenty-one rounds from an eighteen-
pounder, in honour of his most illuttrious Majesty
• HENRY I. King of Hayti. - This compliment was re-
ceived with the highest gratification by the surround-
ing populace, and the General was cAriki Kith ac-
clamations to the Pitt Club Dinner, at the Greyhound
Inn, Abergavenny, where he was repe itedly cheered

by a very numerous and respectable company there
• assembled. The Rev. Mr. Gana, the President, after
paying many compliments to General ItaNsronn.'
proposed. " The health of HZNItY the FIRST, King of
Hayti, and a speedy and firm union to the two coun-
tries," which was drank with the greatest enthusiasm.
—The Pitt Club was Most ably supported by the
principal Gentlemen of thetounty, and the evening:
concluded with the utmost good humour and hilarity'.
We have General Itatgoronn's authotity to contra-
dict most decidedly. the insiouatinns of a paragraph
in the last Bristol Journal, said to •be founded upon
letters from Port.au•Petre, Gaudaloupe, and stating
that the EMPEROR of Hasty had at sea &Ilea with
troups, which had been intended to aid the insurgents
at Barbidctes and Antigua. However naturally that
Goveriiment and people may be stipposed to sympa..
thize in the wiThes of their fellow.men for the Wes.
tangs of freedom, it would be neither consonant to that
fetling, nor for their own interest, to diffuse the hor-
rors of insurrection, and create new enemies among
the negrcx and their toasters of the British or any
whet Colonies. Every scheme for aggratuSisernent
of the Hay tian Dominion would be as injurimis to
its security as it is unnecessary for the proipetity of
its subjects, whose internal resources, while they
continue, as at present, to cultivate the arts of peace,
must be inexhaustible for every purpose of human
happiness, and of titis, in all their publications. they
express themselvec folly sensible.

Co the incti•it of the Earl of Stiarressa.,K y, the Stone Bottle
was ordered to he read tae thin time this itty three uioti'hs.
.1 he American l'assengera Gill, the irnh Piper and Paste-
board till, and the Curlier:viola Lands Alienazion Bill, were
read the third *bre, and
Tho 4eliowing li;I:s ere read a serand t:ene, and er.lvre.l to
be committed to.rvirr,w :—The Apprt,,,t iation Bid. the 11.:,nd
Coals bill, the Madtintiae Hesuladon bill, the ltiiti !insolvent
Drbtairs Bill, t.',e 0.1 and illubttir Bill, :he Chancery Cour,*
• Bill, the lush Sinttte I ra.h- hill, the Irish Illicit Distillation Bill,
the Windsor Fairest !A', the New Strait 88, es. Consolidated
Fund the Leather 011, the Elteu Marbles Bill, the Non-
Resident Clergy Bill, mid the Spirits Lieemits
EXCJIEQUEitti O,Isi&OLIDATION

In the Committee on the B►ll for consolidating the
English and Irish Exchequers,
Earl GROSVENOR objected to the palpable in.
suetition to economy betrayed by Ministers on many
occasions, in the coarse of the present Session, not-
withstanding the pr.tessions they had made at the
commencement. lie perceived that the Salary to be
attached to the office of Vice-Tieasirrer, by the pre-
sent Bull, amettnred to C:1430 acyear. It was ori-
ginally intended that he should have €3.500 a-year,
with a Deputy, possessing a Salary of 4.1,000 a-
year, making together a sum at £'&,500 a-year.—
tueh was the proof they had given of attention to
economy. He was ready to admit that the First
Lord of the Treasury bad enough to occupy him in
his own Offi:e; bit as the Vice-Treasurer was in
effect a sinecure, no inconvenience could arise from
the union of the two -offices. The First Lord of the
'Fr. astiry might easily perform its duties. The
House should also recollect, that it was an old ex-
ploded office, which was extinguished by Mr. Burke's
13.11. But whether it was necessary or not that such
an appointment should be made, he was persuaded
that. many respectable persons could be found in Ire-
land to undertake it for a few hundreds ;..year. A
small sum would be sufficient to remunerate tiw
dies of an office so merely Ministerial. At all
eveols, he thought dint the S.►lary should not exceed
that of the inflict. Lords of the Treasury, and
should therefore move-44 That instead of at 1,500,
as proposed by the Bill, the sum should be limited
to B 1.500." • _ _ _

The Earl of LIVERPOOL maintained, that this
Bill was a measure of economy, and not of profu-
sion ; it abolished eight offices jn the first instance,
and made a revival of three under different names.
He would leave it to their Lordships to determine,
whether Ministers appeared to have been influenced
by a view to patronage in proposing the reduction of
live Parliamentary Offices. He bad no objection to
pot this question upon broader grounds. At the
Union with Scotland, there was an express stipula-
tion that certain Offices
should be :retailed; at the
Un:ou with Ireland there was no stipulatioa of the
.koid ; but the unlimited power of appointment to
Parliamentary Offices became justly a subject of Par-
liamentary jealousy, avd it was decided that the
King should not have a power to appoint to more
tt!ao twenty odic's, accompanied with Acts in Par-
et tgleefifft ibo corwify. He enald
now state, that there were only seven such offices
connected with Ireland. The Noble Lord bad stated,
that the duties of the office might be done for a 'few
hundreds a•year. If the Noble Lord was to posh
the argument to its extent, it woold go to the re-
moval of all the Great Officers of State, and the
substitution of inferior ones. And the House would
do well to consider whether, after gll, there would
be nue economy in leaving all. the business of the
Country to be dime by Clerks, instead of making it
an object of honourable ambition to Gentlemen of
education. When this measure was flat thought of,
he expected an objection altogether different from
that which was now made. Fle•expected to be told
that Ireland was entitled to her fair share in those
offices of weight and importance. He admitted,
that it was the intention of Government to have at-
tached a higher salary to the situation. The salary,
however, was reduced in another place. For all
time reasons he should oppose the Amendment.
The Amendment was then rejected without a di-
vision.
Earl GROSVENOR next objectid to tbe Clause
enabling the Vice-Treasurer to appoint a Deputy,
end muved—u That the salary of the Deputy should
b: paid kiy the Vise Treasurer himtelf."
This Almendoseat was also- Sujected without a di

.

•
lision. The Bill then went through the
lad Wel &dared to be teportea.
. . STATUTE BOOK.
Earl STANHOPE informed the House that the
Cammittie had attended on the Prince Regedt with
the Addregof both Houses of Parliament, on the
subject of the classification of the Statute Book, and
that hisßoyal.llighness was pleased to say he would
give the necessary directions.
(LAVE INtADE AISOLITION.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN said, that as this
was the only full attendance they were likely to have
during the present Session, he wished to call the at-
tention of the House to an article in the Treaty of
Peace concluded at. Paris—ant with a view to insi-
nuate any censure against Ministers, but for the satis-
faction of himself and p 1 the country. He wished to
ask the Noble Eail (Liverpool) what steps were'
taken by his helhjesty's Government to carry into
effect that clause in the Treaty by which the Mi-
nisters of the two countries were pledged to unite
their efforts fur the total Abolition of the Slave
Trade
The Etrl of LIVERPOOL assured the Noble
Lord that he Mt the importance of following op
the abolition of the Slave Trade in every possible
way. The object of the article alluded to, as con-
cluded between the two Powers, was not neglected.
Discussions were actually in progress at the present
moment to carry the measure into execution, though
they were not yet in that state which would juStit
.11
him in laying them before Parliament. He cottW
assure their Lordships that no exertion should be
omitted during the recess, fot giving effect tae so de-
sirable. an object.

ADDItLaS To TNE REGANT.

Lord HOLLAND said, tnat the motion of which•
he had given notice, an.l wi,lt which he should con-
clude, was similar to i)•e one agreed to by the other
House ef• Parliarntist—it came, therefore, recom-
mended by their concurrence. It was also approved
of by dtil...retit c!assts of p;:rsons, and particularly by
those wile+ were most connected with the West India
Islands. The motion embraced two distinct objects,
but, though distinct, they were not incompatible.—
One was to protect .the lives and properties of the'
white population, bg removing the misunderstanding
which had led to the late insurrection in the Island
of Barbadoes; and the other to promote the comfort
and improvement of the Slaves. It was the wish of
most persons who had the same interest that he Lad
in the West India Islands, to improve their moral
and riligious habits, and to carry into complete effect
that best and wisest of all measures, the-complete
Abolition of the Slave Trade; but unfortunately the
condition of slavery so degraded the minds of men,
as to render it impossible for them to effect a rapid
passage to the possession of all the rights and liberties
etrjoyed under the British Constitution. He hoped
that every thing possible would be done for that un-
torionate class of men, bat done quietly, in order to
be dope elfectually. Of those who were formerly
the enemies of the abolition, many had since changed
their minds. Among them was one Noble Lord
(the Earl of Buckinghamshire), who regretted that
he had ever opposed the measure. But all must be
convinced of the neceeity that existed f 4.4 improving
the condition of the Slaves, and enforcing toe laws
enacted fur their benefit. He should not cuter int"
a detail of the occurrences in Ilirba4toes, but proceed
,to draw their Lordships' attention to the Proclama.
Lion of the Goitre), which reflected the palest
honour upon the head and heart of the person from
whom it proceeded.—(Hear, hear.)—They would
find it distinctly stated in that Proclamation, that
the occurrence had taken place in consequence of a
misunderstanding upon the part of the black popula.
lion. All the partite *lien concurred in the same
opinion, and represented the blacks as acting under
the influence of delusion. Sir James Leith stated

distinctly, that the Late insurrection was chitfly

caused by ill-disposed persons, who gave the dare;
to naderstand, that they were actually free by the
of Parliament, but that their manu-
mission was improperly withheld from them. He
understood, that Sir James Leith had not only by
Pioclarnatirm, but by every other means in his
power, communicated to the Slaves that they were
mistaken. There was, he believed, a delusion of the
same kind in all the Islands. This delusion was,
with great probability, ascribed by some to the intro.,
ductiun of the Registry Bill. He, for one, though
lie was a sincere friend to the principle of the mea-
sure, believed tliat its introduction was attended with
mischievous consequences. As to the violence, of
which some had tromplained, be trust say, that it
was not confined to the advocates of the Registry
Bill, either here or in the West Indies. The violence
of one party naturally produced that of another, and
there were many allowances to be made, for the
warmth with which discussions of this kind were
often conducted. The warm advocates might an-
swer the warm opponents, when charged with vio.
lence, by a story which he remembered to have
heard when in Spain. A shepherd was bronght
before a Magistrate for having killed a dog with
his spear a on being questioned as to the cause,
he said he had done it in his own defence.—
" But then," obseried his interrogate* aihrefid
you not strike him With the but end instead of the
pointed one r,—“ I should," replied the shepherd,
•• had Wien at me with his tail instead of his mouth."
—(4 laagk.)—lf be was of opinion that any imp: r-
tation of Slaves, likely to affect Africa or the West
Indies, was to take place, he should concur in the
.i.loption of the severest possible measures to prevent
it. But there was no proof of the illicit traffic. He
differed with those in some points with whom. he
used formerly to agree upon this great measure; but
the difference was more as to time than as to prin-
ciple. It was enough for their purpose on the pre-
sent occasion to know that a de.usion had prevailed.
Some ascribed it to the preaching of the Gospel by
the Missionaries. He did not think so ; but hi thought
it of importance that the Negroes should receive :eh-
gious instruction from persons approved of by their
masters. It *as a well-known fact, that when they
were instructed in. a different religion from that which
theifmasters professed, they considered it an inferior
article prepared for their consumption.—(4/aosh.)
There was a misconception which he was anxious to
&move. He was represented as having said, .on a
former occasion, that the Colonial Legislatures had
done every thing that could be done. He should be
body if that were to go out to the public as his opi-
him. On time contrary, he had said, that they bad

.
_ . .
ilteroncereribiliu, iefirnitotofnoebf:etsdhserry: itifntirbwuitpalt. thlinrieil:tlesnteshntetty)
tubodad:lnetrietandik-ereegiven
ns
the first instances He believed if their Lrirdships
looked to the generel state of the SlaveS at piesent,
(and Gon fothitl that he should suppose that a state
of slavery, under any circionstences, was not to be
deplored.) they would find that, under the operation
of the Abaleien Act, it was very much ameliorated.
He and others who hid supported the Abolition had
contended, that if the facility of supplying the Colo-
nies vietli Slaves was cut off, it would introduce
ernongst tee Colonists themselves an attention to the
increase of the Black Population, and consequently
would lead to the extension of their comforts. If
their Lordships examined the prnceedings of the Co-
lonial Legislatures, they would lad that the persons
of wheel they were composed had in fact given a
very eminent degree of assistance to the Negroes.
Many of those persons had a strong bias against the
original Abolition Act, and were therefore unwilling
to date the improvement in the situation of the slaves
from the period when that Act passed ; but when
they came to trace the facts, they would perceive
that the state df the Negroes during the lest ten years
Shad been very considerably ameliorated. it would
be found in Jamaica, that though immedi.itely after
the Abolition Act the importation of Slaves was very
considerable indeed, .yet in the last two or three
years it had been gradually diminished, arid great
expeceseicnis were now entertained that that island
would be able to keep up its }Mick Populettoti with-
out any external assist ince. He knew an instance.
in the island of 13eebadoes, where, in a population
of 000 slaves) there were 250 children tinder the age
of ten years. Th9se who supported the Abolition ot
the Slave Trade, felt and argued, that when the
traffic was put an end to, more care would be taken
of the Slaves, and more attention would be paid to
their comforts, from a principle of interest, and in
this hope they had not been disappointed. Now, if
the principle of the Abolition was in force (and they
had no reason to suppose that it was not), then they
had a right to hope that the silent interposition of
that system would produce a very great improvement
in the situation of the Negroes, even though nothing
else were done.• It had already operated in some
degree. but lie was sorry that iti progress had been
more slow than they had a right to expect. Some-
times, however, they most look for the progress of
civilization not so much to the operation of the laws
as to the moral habits and feelings of the society
which they applied to. He extremely regretted (het
the laws which affected theetegro population had not
yet produced all the benefit which had been hoped
for. What the Black Population were most deficient
in was religious instruction. It wotile he morally
and paliticelly useful to disseminate teligious infor-
mation amongst them. That species of informetion,
oy teaching them to reverence the marriage tie,
would be prodactive of effects the roost salutary.l
He believed it was not an opinion confined to those
whom he addressed, but that it was the public opi-
nion of this country, and particularly of those who
were connected with the West-India interest, that
the Colonial Legislatures were desirous of introdu-
cing religions instruction, and were most anxious to
secotel the views of the mother country on this sub-
ject. He wished die attention of the Public, of the
Itarliatnere, and of the Church, should be directed
te this point. With respect to the other part of the''
`oteominendetlon which the Adarets would call ors
the the Crown to bring under the notice of tht Colonial
Governments, nern:ly, that which related to the
granting menumissirms to those Slaves who had a
right to demand them, as soon as possible, he dis-
claimed the intention of casting any reflection on the
Colonists by that passage; for he believed they had
not acted improperly. He was of opinion, that no
illicit importation of Slaves had taken place; at least
he had not heard a single instance stated to him that
brought conviction to his mind ore this subject.—
When be said this, he did not mean to assert that
one or two cases might not have (men:red ; but gene-
,rally speaking, he believed the illicit importation of
Slaves had been prevented. In his opinion, the re-
turn of peace had added to the facilities which pre-
viously existed for carrying on that traffic. He re-
collected, .that those who wished for the Abolition,
and voted for it, contended that it was easy for this
t (runny to prevent the importation of Slaves. The
opponents and supporters of the measure, as fir as
this argument was concerned, opeeared to hive
changed sides, for those who MAW opposed the Re-
gistry Bill, reasoned exactly in the same way. Batt
it was going too far to say that no illicit importation
could now take piece. The possibility, and eve!, the
probability of such a traffic being carried on was in.
creased by the restoration of peace. On the other
hand. it must be observed. that there was no proof
whatever of the existence of such a trade. He should
therefore wish the Government of this country to call
on the constituted authorities in the West Indies to,
enforce the Abolition Act most strenuously. That
a registration of --Slaves was expedi,mt, if not abso-
lutely necessary, no•person could doubt. Tartly
from the manner in which it was brought forward,
and partly from the jealousy of the Colonies, more
ileoJitietU had been,givea 40 theeneasure of 4 Re-
gistration of Slaves than *should AirlY have been
advanced against it. in the first instance, he con.
ceived this measure to be politic, he conceived it to
be wise. It was necessary, if for no other purpose
than to convince the world that no illicit importation
of slaves was allowed. On this ground it should be
adopted. But, whether it was wise or not, the Gen-
tlemen in the Coloniee must know, that they could
not loog resist° it. • If they did not agree to such a
measure, and state what they thought was proper to
be done, it would be carried into effect without their
concurrence, and, perhaps with more force and seve-
rity towards themselves and the %Vest India Islands,
than they had imagined. He was anxious that the
Colonists themselves should sanction such a measure,
because, if they did, it would operate in a much shorter
time, and more fully and effectually, than if it were
the work of any other body. If they did not agree to
a registration, it would be necessary that the measure
should arise tromp some other quarter; fur it would
be throwing dust into the eyes of the West India Co-
lonists to say that they could do without it. If they
did not sanction it, the feeling of the people and of
the Parliament would force measures on them which
he should be sorry to see—but fur wl:ich, wider toe
circuitistences to which he had alluded, lie should
certainly vote. LI theuccessity of a itigistet believed

'a
nitwit* or persems in this country cordially sp„,,
and he trusted that the measure weuld be etci
(3,14
before the question was again discussed in Parliare'
rm:4,,
He hoped the Colonists would not confine themstlr:
merely to that measure, but that they would &eve,:
thing in their power to ameliorate the condition •
the Shaves, and to introduce amo!‘tzst them re:
and rel4,ious habits. He was attaid thist lie h
fatigued their Lordships, particolari7 as the
with which he sho.tht conclulr th,l not demand
very extended opening speedi—hat, cz3edietz
111,
dtd, perhaps their Lords:sips (ia G.:lie:Ling the slis:
he had taken in the question ot the Abolition,
the good fortune which he had, the only time he ee
represented his Mdjerty in that House, a% nee of r,..Lords Commissioiivri, in giving the Royal lanai,
to the Ahn!itiiits Act) ss mild ercese him lel" i.
stated, that the opinion which he formerly held it
mained unchanged, an:! that the disgust and abbe.
rence with velicit he v7.:vrecl the milk iu Slates, soi
continuA. But, on the other hand, as justice sue 4
to be done to all percons, he thought it wasnecessasi
for the st:cress of the great work which they all bt.
at heart, neittely, the arnelipration of the state of tr,
Negroes, that nothing precipitate slitaild be done...
Those who rightly omit tstood the ble:sinr,s 0: 6,
Biitibh Constitution, must feel the dept.rahle situ,.
tion in which the hlave was placed, and tousle
anxious to alleviate it—and it was by reconciling ti,e
jarring opinions of parties, on both sides of the tines•
tion, that they could hope to obtain this desirable
end. His Lordship concluded by rrioeiag—.
1 " That an humble Addreis be presented to his grlglik,,_
nest the Primer Resent, praying that Ise will be geasirulivi-,;;
to cause etinimunications to be made to the Ciovermto 01 ik
West India 14and4, conomandog them to state his eitreme tla
pleasure at the recent sanguinary insurris inn at Barbsdon....l4
the concern and surprise which his Royal ibghaess felt on Lat.
ing that it arose from rumours which were propagated row"
to the Emancipation ot the Negroes. Alio ditettiug them to
nee their best endeavours to ameliorate the tituatiou Ul the
Population, and to take the most effectual means to resat sty
breach ot the Abolition Act." . . . .

I-

.1;
•
i /

TUI

Pdl
of
tali
do

of

tel

w
I

of

F.arl BATHURST expressed his entire C33Cl2f.
rence in the motion, which, he conceived, would tend
to do away the delusion that had cleated so much
mischief in the %Vest Indies. That delusion had
arisen, in some degree, from the indiscreet zeal of
those who were in liorour of emancipation, but what
share of it WAS attributed to them, he could not 547.
He was extremely happy to find that ;lie inserter.
tionary movement was put down, though with co 4
siderable loss. But, considerabie as it was, ae7
might congratulate each other on its not havii,g lam
much greater. The terms of the Address, ti,geitat
with what had passed in the course of the Sation,
both there and elsewhere, would put an end to that
delusion, which ought to be banished from the West
India Islands, and would have a powerful tffott is
allaying the apprehension which was entertained, dut
there was a disposition in the British Parliament, um
naturally to interfere with the local authorities, in
the Colonaret. He believed their Lordships must
feel, that whatever was necessary to the good govern.
meat of the Colonies, had better oligulate with the
inhabitants. Such internal regulations should te
adoir.ed as would remove all jealousies, and would
render the slaves happy and contented. However
they might hope, that there was something in
the British character which wowld secure to slaves
the kindest possible treatment, he believed it would
be found, that foreigners, who possessd slave', were,
in general, mere humane than eur countrymen were.
'Meek was no wish, on the pars at tais eouniri. to
in:erfcre with the local authorities. At the rata
time there was a great diiietence between an unxd.
lingness to interfere, under ordinary circumstance,
and a total indisposition to interfere at all, waette
the case required it or not. We could not, with any
propriety, act on the latter principle. We had gor
from Court to Court, making stipulations relative
the Slave Trade—and it would be most uspardona
ble in us, if we became indifferent about au on
laws. Every principle of humanity, of hmaanatt&
of policy, pointed out a contrary course. it was
that sanctioning new laws on this subject was nothiog
more than passing acts of condemnation on the Cola
nists. This was not the facts He did not believe
that there was a general disposition, in the islands,to
carry on 3 clandestine trafficnone, he believed, wa
carried on—but still it was necessary that legislative
means should be taken to remove the (Wheelies
which the new state of things had occasioned.
The Duke of SUSSEX said, atter the able speech
with which his Noble Friend had 'fleeced his motion,
and after the handsome manner in which the Nible
Earl had agreed to it, he would not have claimed
their Lordships' attention, it he had not, frem
tier
commencement, been a conscientious friend to tot
Abolition of the Slave Trade. He now felt it be
duty to say, that his principles, on this subject, wee
in no degree altered from what they
formerly were.
Time, instead, of weakening, had strengthened and
confirmed them. The Noble Earl had very fai
stated the course which they ought to pursue—fires
they should leave the local authorities to :IC( for the
Colonies—and, afterwards, if they did nut proceed
properly, it would Le in the pewer of PdaliaaiLat Id
take such measures as tzt:glit appear sleet ssary..
Lord HOLLAND said, that thel words !n tie
Irni3ti°n Went rt/Gre directly to prLveLt any iiiiracaa
of the Abolition nee, rh ea. those er!lich were in V'
Resnint:aii that had bees: carried in another piace•-•
He had the concurrence or these persons with wh'l
that ltesolittLn had riginated, and klso of int!
other persons, connected with the West Indies, a
making the Ai:cr.-16Ni.
'Vile motion was then agreed te, nerve. din.
Earl STANHOPE moved, in the Committee ca
Sykes's Hydrometer Bill, fur the intioductioa Of a
Clause, restricting the operation of the Bill to the la
of August, IBlB.—Agreed to.
The 13..rer Duty 1311, the Claremont Estate Bill.
Mutiny Act Amendinent• Bill, and the S'U C.
Expprtation Bill, west severally through a Conituitwa
reonoNCILS. BILL.
On the second reading of the Coroners' Allowaata
, Bill, the Earl of EGREMONT rose, and, havi:ig
s stated his convictio:• that the Bill was unjust acrd tr.
necessary, proceeded to encase--"• That it be reac s
second time tHs day furtnieht."
Lord ROLLE coincides' in tha opinion cf 'he
Noble Lord aiso had just sat dawn. The nit:a:err
would entail an unnecessary experhe on the aw•fatri*
Their Lordships then divided,
For the Atneraiment, G—Against 4—Majority.
The Bill is co:lir:in.:tatty last fur the etraaa So'
ned. when there appeared.

k
al

•
.

.. ;,

. •

:-.

K

ING STAR.

LONDON.

FRIDAY, JUNE 23. /816.
rticsOF STOCK 4 THIS DAY AT • f INF E O'CLOCK:
seduced 691--Cons. shut—for
per cent. 78.11.5 per Cent. Nary %Ina— Elnelc par, It pr.
Drown pay. Oft—Exchequer !sills, N. :Its. par.

We have received the Paris Papers of Tuesday.
They contaia a full account of the insurrection at
Tunis, which we have subjoined. The number of
wed at Buna, according to subsequent, and perhaps
tree authentic.accounts, does not exceed 60. The
soglish Consul, was not killed, but hi:, house was
pod. All the Christians at Bona, to the number
ee gm were put in irons, but liberated on the
olio of the English Consul. They did not think
themselves safe however, and embarked with great
reeipitation, although lie beseeched them to stay.
cousin EXTRAORDINARY OF TUESDAY MORNING.

An Ordnance at th?. King, dated the 19th June, is
of the following tenor :
_ _ _

14 This being to commemorate by act; of benefi-
aace the happy cra of the marriage of rur dear and
satrelorc'.l nephew, the Due de. Berri, Scc.
si Every prost•cution, every sequestration operated
kliouttninistvaticin of the registration (end:Ws-c-
-o), in execution of arrests or judgments pro-
nouncing general confiscation, for whatever cause, or
Wing for their object to secure the rec very of fines
erespenses of process, awarded by the Courts and
Diannals for the recovery of expenses of proceedings
in affairs relative to facts purely political, the evi•
kat object of which was to serve the royal cauie,
Ail cease to hate effect with respect to every part
scapaid at the date of the present Ordonnance.

u The real property confiscated and those acquired
by the Administration of the enrigistrement in conse-
quence of the forced expropri.ction in the affairs
above designated, and which are still in the actual
occupation cf the owners, shall be fully restored to
them ur those hering a right thereto, with the excep-
tion always. of the exptnses cl procedure, manage-
,.
ment,, &c.
Yesterday after mass Es Majesty receive: ciepu.

mien of the City of Dourdeaux.
From Clermont we learn, that by an Crdn:anance
otitis Majesty, dated C2d May, the Speci.:l Commis.
suit of Police of the Dept :talent of Pty dr Dome
has been suppressed. •

PARIS, /UNE
Prince Talleyrand has returned to his estate at

Valens 'y.
General Gilly, who fought against the goy:ILA
troops commanded by the hue d'Ausuulrme„ in
March, 1810, wiil be tried to-nu-rt.:lw before the
First Council of IVdr. I - has escaped from justice,
aad therefore be tried par cent :imam.
Thursday next the Cvuncil of Revision will decide
to the appeal made by the assassins of Colonel Gur-
hn, no= and B •na.sirc.

ROME, JUNE it
The affairs of the Irib Cathodic Church are far
advanced. Father Taylor has sent a Memoir to the
Sovereign Pontiff, which makes a great He
demands the intervention et. the Eitropean Powers in

favour of the Irish Citho:ic:. He represents the
intulvrance Engl..nd in rOigieus nt•t!ters as some-
thing unheard et ; while, to set ve political
die same Power pushes tclto a: inn to e;::.•i, and li-
centiousness in favour of the most daninaOle and cut-
ageous sects mid heiesie.s.
It is remarked that the Pape still receives the

English *ith aistircion, but that he is more reserved
in grancing them favours than he was last year.
Several sacred Envoys have been sent off on diffe-
rent missions one has taken the road for the Nether-
lands, and another fur St. Petersburgh.

AIAY s.

On the 30th of April last, at nine in the evening,

all the gates of the city were shut, arid the peaceable
part of the inhabitants had retired to their houses,
when the Turkish soldiers, to the number of 5000,
lit their barracks, and, having separated into small
Paslies, they directed their march br different rolds
lathe palace of the G ivernor and the chief courtiers.
They teak tyre seize, at the same tin?, the pi in-
-11 Pal gates of the city. In less than half an lirur they

a
s;

:v.

CO
wg
r.

stwe masters of Tunis and of the citadel esi.-Gaspa.
The Dim WAS iirmediattly assembled, anal therein
they pronounced the deposition of Malimotot Pacha,
and of the Bey Sidi Assen. Sidi Mostaphe, brother
to Maltmoud and Sernaln 1317, his uncle, were pro-
sliirned in their seed.
The BArde was infamed of this event by a mes-
sage, uh:ch convqzd to him an order to appear
before the avatl next morning. The Turks estab-
lished in this city; and the principal inhabiLauts,
Nought that Sidi Mustapha and Semain Bey had
concerted this revolution With the soldiery. We
Pasted the night in the most cruel anguish, dreading
at every instant the excess of unruly soldiers, who
tan through the streets in disorder, and without any
determinate object.
At six in she morning of the Ist of May, the Di-
/an. with a view to coaciliate the good will of the
ithabitacts, ordered their persons and properties to
be resptcted : an official message was sent to the Fo-
teign Consuls, announcing the nomination of the
nrit 11:1 and Paella, and inviting Clem to hoist the
of their Nations in token of peace and amity.—
tot mu tLe tehult received the answer of the new

__

. .
Bey and Picbi, declining to n •of the office, and
swearing to die'in defence of-the deposed Sovereigns.
The plates of the rebels were thereby dishoncerted,
but une of their leaders then Called himself Pacba-
The first act' of his power was to gtve leave to his
accomplices to plunder the city fir three days, with
an increase of'pay and an abolition of taxes. Luckily
for us, the less furious among them were of opinion
that it was necessary to occupy.Gnletra, as a place of
retreat, and to furnish themselves with powder and
ball. This opinion prevailed,, and we were thereby
saved. They also resolved to gelid to Constantinople
a petition signed by the principal personages of tie
place, whom they had caused tb be arrested, suppli-
cating the Court to confirm the appointment of the
rebel Paella. The petition being signed, ode of the
Chiefs put himself at the head of 400 Turks, and set
off at midnight for Gokta.
Scarcely had they left the city, when those who
had remained behind with the Usurper Deli Ali, in-
read of obeying him,' threw themselves upon him,
disarmed him and imprisoned him as the author of
all their troubles; they then supplicated the Bey and
Pacha whom they had deposed, for an amnesty,
saying thA tiny had been seduced and deceived.
Tranquillity was- thus restored. -
Those who had marched against Colette, informed
of We last event, did not lose. courage. They can•
tinned their route, and about one o'clock in the
morning they had occupied the fort wif,bout much
resistance. If they had remained, they might have
been masters of Tunis, but it seems to have been their
intention to pass over to the Levant, for they seized
five Corsairs which were ready to sail, with a view to
rntbark in them.

On the 2d, in the morning, they began the work
of plunder wit!: the houses of the Kaya, being those
of the Christians and the Jews settled at Goletta,
throwing int,: the Canal what they could not carry
away, and spiking all the guns : they made prepara-
tions to set fire to the Arsenal and all the ships, but
the sudden and miraculous appearance of the Engish
frigate the Euphrates, which anchored in the Har-
bour, stopped all their projects, ind saved from.the
flames the Spanish, English, and French ships which
I were is the Roads.

Dreading lest they s!:nuld, be ill used, the rebels,
to the number of 700, hastily embarked at eleven
a. m. and set sail with the wind at N. W. for Con-

stantinople.

At the same moment the Bey, Sidi Assan, arrived
en the land side with a body of cavalry : hut they
found only the smoking traces of pillage and hurnirgs.

In the confusion, the authors of the revolu:ion
saved themselves, and carried of the best corsairs of.
the Itegency.
This morning the Usurper Deli Ali, an 1 one of
his accomplices, were strangled ; and exertions are
asehing to *stover the other thief conspirmers,._

A Dutch Mail arrived today. By tt,e Papers
which it has brought, we have been favoured with
the following interesting intelligence respecting Lord
E 'MOUTH'S Negocations with the Mediterranean
Pirates :
