KINGDOM OF HAYTI.

We have received a copy of the Declaration issued
by King Cmusiortie on the occasiun of certain
French Commissaries haiing conveyed to him a let-
ter inviiitig his submission to the Government of
France. Alter a long 'detail of the trinsactioas
which had taken place beta ern France and St. Do.
ming°, the declaration proceeds:
" For us nothing is changed. The Government of
Louis XVIII. is no ;niter than that of Bonaparte.l
Her (France's) artt'il policy is always the same—by
deceivin, and dividing, to reduce us to slavery—ever
the same calculation of guilt and blood. It they
cannot succeed in disuniting us lay arming one part
of the population against the other, they strive to
sep trate the cause of the people from that of the
Goveroment, as if the cause of the one were not that
of the other, or the ruin of the one did not produce
the ruin of the other.
The French will be always French, as far as we
are concerned—that is. our most cruel tyrants, and
most implacable enemies. What treaty could exist
between us and the ex-colonists—that is, the fl-
aunters and the ci-devant slaves who have broke
their chains ? What could be the terms of such a
treaty t what could be its guarantees? That which
is the cause of our happiness, is to them a source of
misery and torment ; they therefore cannot wish for
our liberty and independence ; we therefore neither
can our ought to treat with them without having pre-
viously obtained the guarantee of a great maritime
State, and such terms as it would be beyond their
power to violate. For if they treated with us with-
out these guarantees of facts and principles, it would
be with the view to having the 'means of deceiving
us. It is our business, therefore, to insist upon them,
as without them you could have neither security nor a
durable peace."
The Paper concludes as follows :
" Such is the fair and honest statement of the real
situation in which the people of Hayti find themselves
placed in respect to France. We have not only to
laboor for the purpose of ensuring the life, the liberty,
and the independence of the existing generation, we,
must still further exert ourselves to ensure the pos-
amnion and enjoyment of these precious bleu*. 101
our posterity, and this we can attain by wisdoms,
prudence, and perseverance.
" The Sovereign of France has declared, that hi
treating with us he shall do nothing derogatory to
the dignity of bib Crown, the principles of justice,
and the interest of his people. And we too—we
declare, that we shall not derogate from the interests
of our people, the principles of justice, and the dig-'
any of our Crown.
ca The great interests of the Haytian people, and
our duties, oblige us to make known to the world the
powerful motives which have induced us to take that
resolution, in order to put a stop to all the aggres-
sions, injuries, and sanguinary outrages, which the
Government of France has never ceased to commit 1
upon the people of Hayti. and the unjust and vain
pretensions of Sovereignty which the French GOllllll.
mess mold still entertain on the**, and Vapsimit
Sind= of Hayti.
H For these reasons we have declared, mad do
Onion solemnly, that we will aft Meat with the
Faith Government on any other feedag than dial
of Gra; Power with another—one Sovereign with en.,
either—that no negotiation shall be entered into bp'
us with that Power which shall not have for its .basis'
independence of the Kingdom of Hayti, as well
In respect to its Government as its trade—and that
se definitive treaty shall be concluded by us with
that Government, without having previously obtain-
ed the good officei of a great maritime Power, which
should gearantee to us that the faith of the treaty
should not be violated by the French Cabinet.
" In treating we shall consent to no treaty what•
. ever wh:ch shall not comprehend the liberty and ifi.
depeedence im general of the Haytians, who inhabit
the these provinces of the empire, known under the
names Of those of the North, Eiet. aid South, our
territory. the cause of the people of. Hayti being one
sod radivisillie.
ir All overtures or conflouole.3ers tirade by the
French Government to the Hiyuais Government,
whether verbally or in writing, shall be received only
90 far as they shall have cenfornsed with the forms
ano. usages established in the kingdom for diplomatic

K The French flag shall be admitted into no port
of the kingdom, nor shall any individual native of
that country, until the independence of Hayti shall
have first been acknowledged by the Government of
France. We declare anew, that our invariable ism-
lion is not to interfere, directly it indirectly, with any
Mum without the kingdosp.
« That our constant *foe shall be directed olive
id amity and good understanding with friendly.
powers, and their colonies in our nelghbonehood, to
reserve the most exact neutrality, and to chew than
by the wisdom of our conduct, our laws, and our
labours, that we are deserving of liberty and inde-
pendeoce.
« We declare and protest, in the face of the Az.-
moors of Nations and Sovereigns, that we have been
moved to this 'declaration only, by the general jaw
mu of the Haytian people; to the peesisrvation of
their existence and their rights. '
« We declare and pont, tb;t whatever may he
the menaces of the French to intimidate us, or their
attempts to subdue us—whatever son of attpdt,
crime, or barbarity, they may calculate upon ozg:
ins to reach us, still nothing shall shake our
don. -Should the universe be leagued against us, the
last Hayden will breathe his last rather than cease to
be free and independent. .
O We trust the_ ustice of ON caule to the hands of
GeD, who always punishes the aggressors and the m-
ks& We shall sustain the dignity of our Crown,
... .
.5 . and interests of the Hayden people, and we
anp y rely upon their cedar, zeal, and pp,.
• • to aid us with all theif might in defence of
ilieir rights, liberties, and independence.
• 'a Given at ape Palace of Sala souci. November ft,
916, IStlt year of indepetaiee, gad sixth of war
(Sight) ' " mum
irig a. ' Ify ills King, ,“ DI LIMONAD4
• fas famotattof State, alladtei of Pordign Affairs."

PAEAN 1.4* *1;
CHAMBER 0? DAPVIVLS.

lIITTINO OS Tilt 9.6ess•los SaNDAILY.
The discussion was opened on the Project relative
to the Public Journals.
M. Ds Sr. ALDEOOII/Dt dwelt on the effects pro-
duced in the Revolutionary times by the unlimited
liberty of the Journals. and thence argued for the
proposed restriction, with the following Amendments:
1. That there should be provisionally appointed s gamines
or ten Members to tnterdse the censure of the Journals 'cotes-
tively.
s. That weer Provider eta Journal should glee security for
40 or 80,000 franea.
M. Fromm. also supported the Project.
M. DS CASTILBAJAC quoted Montesquieu and De
Lolme in favour of the Liberty of the Press ; dwelt
much opon the libels which had been circulated with
impunity against the Royalists without their being
allowed to answer them I complained of the neglect
experienced by the true friends of the Ring, and con-
eluded by opposin_g the Project.
M. JACQUINOT I'AIIPILLDIZ supported the Project,
deprecating the idea of exposing the nation to new
horrori, by allowing an unlimited Liberty of the Press.
The Comet de la Bnuanosnnys contended against
the Project; that the Liberty of the Press was conse-
crated by the Charter ; that it was necessary, and that,
to grant the Liberty of the Press, and at the same
time enslave the public Journals, was a mockery lad
illusion.
M. BARU'S LA &WIDE contended, that if the
Journals were not free the troth could not be told.
He thought merely that the Proprietors and Printers
should be responsible.
M. DOVIAGIER Ds HAURAONI maintained, that
there was a great difference between Pamphlets and
the public Journals, the former were free, and an-
swered all the purposes of the Liberty of the Press
but the latter, if entirely free, might do much mis-
chief without its being possible to prevent it.
The discussion was adjourned till Monday.
Pia* JANUARY U.

Monsieur, the Count d'Artois, the Duke d'Angon.
kw, and the Disko of Wellington, set out the day
before yesterday, is the evening, for Compeigne.
The Austrian troops have not yet quitted the
southern part of Italy, although their departure was
pbsitively announced.
Jonvonv 27.—According to the determination of
the Prince Regent, the Hanoverian army will in fu-
ture consist of 20,000 men in time of peace.
The King heard mass yesterday in his apartments.
His Majesty afterwards received the Ministers, Mar-
shah, Foreign Ambassadors, &c.
