BELIE OF "l NE POUR.

FARTHER DI:VELOPEMENT OF THE PLAN f'o2 THE
RELIEF OF THE POOR, AND THE EMANCIPA I IQN
OF MANKIND.

TO THE PUBLIC.

The adjourned ot second public Meeting, to consi-
der the plan I have proposed, has passed; and from
its commencement to the end, it far more than sack-
tied all my wishes. Each pi omiiient figure moved
correctly to the wire that was touched he the pur-
pose. The opposition to the measures recommended
to these Meetings fir their concurrence, has well ac-
complished the put assigned to it, and thereby for-
Warded all my siew7, and brought the adoption of
the 1:14:1 in its wln.le extent some years nearer than
otherwise it could have been possible. My chief ap-
prehension previous to the Meeting was, that there
w'i'eld not be a sufficiently decisive stand made by its
opponents, to elicit all the arguments which could be
urged against it ; for I was anxious the public should
discover all their fatuity and weakness. • ,
I. therefore, put forth in the newspapers that were
published, and very extensively distributed, during
the two or three weeks preceding, as much stimulus
to all the parties, as, without creating personal ani
mosey, would call into action all the opposition they
could offer : and my object was attained. I thus dis.,
tioictly discovered its quality and amount, and was
atonished to find both sn inefficient. It was, indeed,
' tar beyond my most sanguine expectations, to find
the plan opposed only by the remnant of a party,
who cannot discern that the first of their own success
would inevitably secure their own destruction. I
have long known that the utmost resistance which
' could be made in its greatest aggregate amount,
would not ultimately be more than a feather opposed
to a whirlwind; but to experience so little "PP^siticm
at the outset of m 7 progress, is a sure pro f that so-
cieiy is abundantly ripe for all the important im•
rovenients about to take place.
The Gentlemen who opposed the plan at the pub.
lic Meetings, (for whom. however, I do net entertain
one unsocial feeling) did not surely imagine I wished
to have the opinions ot the ill.trained and uninformed
on any of the measures intended for t.tir relief lind
amelioration. No f On such subjlcts, until they
shall be instructed in better habits, at d made ra.
Literally intelligent, their advice can be et no value.
I called the Meetings to discover the I est practical
means to effect those objects lie them, it. the shor.e.t
possible time The first was convened • imply to as-
certain whether it would be prudent to i roceed in my
long determined measure:, a't'.; gr. ater :10J17y

towarls their execution than I had intencitd when I
left home early in the year; on my arrival ira
town. I found public inquiry and anxiety for the
practical part of the plsn beginning to outstrip my
most sanguine hopes, is well at my preparations to
carry it into immediate execution.
This first experiment wpon public opinion satisfied
me that the most intelligent and uniafluenceal part of
the Meeting was much farther advanced than I had
calculated upon ; and this knowledge, combined with
my previous personal communicatiorit among all
rank,: and classes, convinces me, that seven out of ten
of the reflecting pail of society are is heart alteady
izrepared to go with me; and that while the sup-
porters of the old errors and evils are considering how
to defend that which is indefeasible, two of the re-
maining three will come over to the New View, and
the third wir he paralysed.
The second Meeting now becarde absolutely neces•
vary to enable me to advance; fot I could not pill.
ceed auother step until I ascertained whether the hour
was come wlim PRIERDIIM or oriNtom. the .aural ripit
of all human beings, could be obtained tor the world.
two modes presented Themselves by which' this ob-
ject might be accompli.hed r—one was, to go to a
Committee of the best disposed, best ilaformed. and
most intelligent, from among all parties, and to claim,
from their united wisdom, perfect frets glytitsitos, as
the first necessary step to ameliorate elle condition of
mankind. Thr other mode was to put the public
feeling at once to the test, and atter-win, at every
personal risk, whit was the real state of the public.
mind on this most toteresting.subject: I determined
to attempt both modes, that, if one failed the: orrice
might be resorted to. The appeal to public feeling,
therefore, formed part my address and when it
WAS delivered, the insr;antanecura brirst of genuine
heartfelt approbation that folloWed;' told me in lan-
guage I could not misunderstand, that the seorlj wad
delivered from mental slavery—that the shackles of
ignorance, superstition, and hypocrisy, Wrre burst
asunder for ever—th it the road 'w is fair Iropened tor
the introduction of those principles which would. jai
practice, withdraw all uncharitableness tr-t Ween mad
and man, andoemove every other cau,e'of chsuoioa
and separation from among human beings.
Happiness never can he attained or secured while
men shall he traine4 to hate, and to be *hotly
rant of each other.

Having by this means ascertained the real progress
of intellect, I gained all the purposes I wished by :le.
Meeting. Those who remained at seven o'clece,
could only he of service to my object •by carryiree
some amendment that would prevent the appointment
of a Committee. For, had tt:e Committee been
pointed, the discordant principles of whl:li it would
have befit ccOpPsed; (highly useful 1311 that account
for the purpose originally intended,) could not led tie
have retarded all my subsequent movements, by its
'necessary forms, an 1 consequently slofre procedure.
Such is the peculi ir nature of my operations, 1 CAD,
not yet derive useful aid from Cl ass, Sect, or fury.
The popular lead rs among the Livery, and oche, 4,
and their well-paint d tellowers, lortiniately
my assistance, '•n I an amendment being at leegth
carried, I was relieved from the only dilfictiliy that
presented itself to my mind : and again sat At Weer( y
to put in train the most vigorous a :d decisive net.._
sines for carrying the plan lire' extensive exeentiee.
No time shall now be unnecessarily Inst; but the
public must '• e gizerJed Against precipitancy of es_
eectetion. It is folly to draw conclusions u ;shout
data ; and it is equally unwise to suppose, that pule•
lice can proceed with the rapidity of tls sight. Teo
greatest change which the world has ever yet exr.ri-
enced, cannot be effected in a few days. It is now
but one month from the time I am writing suer thee
ch urge was publicly announced; and already, in
minds of ail, the existing order of things has no se-
core spot on•which to rest ; !3eneath it, all is itippLre-
and unsound. Where ere its defenders? Hes one
come forward who possesses any real knowledge of
human society, or of mankind? not oce —nor will
any such appear to defend that which they know to
be indefensible. Silence in them is true wisdomele.
Soon they will acquire courage to support that which
'lvey knwir to be alone true, and which in practice
can and will give more happiness than has yet been
promised. In a little time, the new order of thir.ps
shall penetrate the hearts and understandings of tee
intelligent, and be established for ever on an ime
moveable foundation. A little time longer only shall
men bare eyes, and see not ; ears, and hear not ; un-
derstandings, and understand not. Is there not loom,
an] are there not meant mew, to snake many thole_
sand millions more of human beings happy then
exist at this day on the earth ? Usiiversai practical
knowledge, derived frm experience, replier, l'es ;
and all men, except a few whom a melancholy theory
beniglits, assent to the dictates of experience.
Vociferators for hereon, while subjected to the
lowest mental slavery ; chained to the earth by the
most violent and injurious passions ; bound hand
and foot by the worst habits and most degrading ie.
norance ; and existing amidst intellectual and phy,.i.
cal wretchedness, cry out to their deliverers, not to
'touch their bonds—and beseech them to leave there
in possession cf all the liberty they enjoy !
mistake n helpless beings I 'l hey must not, tte y
shall not, be left thus ! Their deliverance is Ilea-
at ham!, and they shall enjoy true klierty loth of hay,
and end.

Were I row to proceed to ALL the details of the
plan which shall be in due time completed for them;
to throw lull light, and exhibit to them, in native
brillian:y, that which ere long they shall possess;
their present, existence would become loathsome;
they would n.)t Linger abide these Jens of povetth
of crime, and of torment ; and their sight would be
destroyed by the intro ity of the clay that is begin-
ning to dawn uplA them. &Ace it to SAT, to ttio.e
who are in so.ne prepared to understand ll_
change, that the telmvi-g arrangzri.ents have been
I made to ena.,:c sockty tc, past f:,in tine 01.1) to the
:1“.9•17eni•-i4, .111.1 in caclil that

P'*
