THE CORT'ES.

In the narrative which we published yesterday of the
events which occurre3 in Cadiz a short time before its
surrender, we confined ourselves in -a great measure to
military details: but ahe.coodoct of the Cortes at.that
critical season will probably he looked to with egaaf
interest._ albe gliatOrdinary Cortes, which is merely
an extrztfrairetry- convocation of the ordinarY
weie summoned for the discussion of urgent business.
They met on the 6th of September. The King had
promised to open the sitting ; hut on the morning he
sent an excuse, ani the Royal Speech was delivered by
commission. After the reading of the Speech, the
Minister (Calatrava) announced that the. principal ob-
ject of assembling the Co:tes was to lay before them
some
_propositions made through the medium of the
Duke de Guiche by the French Generalissimo, together
with the answer returned by the Spanish Government.
The propositions were, that the King and the Royal Fa-
mily should repair to Port St. Mary, and that the French
army should be allowed to approach to the inner glacis
of Cadiz. The answer was, that such propositionsweie
too unreasonable and monstrous to he listened to for :t
moment : that if the French had already been in pos-
session of the outworks of Cadiz, they could not have
exacted more humiliating conditions; that rather than
submit to them, the Spanish Mini,ters were ready to
bury themselves under the ruins of the last town in
Spain. This declaration was received with an enthu-!
siasm of approbation.
The galleries of the Church in which the Cortes held
their sittings were crowded with the people of Cadiz;
and this pledge (as it were) of the Government, to perish
rather than to yield to the invader, instead of pi oduc-
ing any misgiving or symptom of terror amongst those
whom it equally pledged to probable destruction, Was
hailed with rapturous acclamations, which lasted fOr
some minutes. Some Englishmen who were present
could not help exclaiming—" AU is safe: with a people
so enthusiastic in the cause, everything may be achieved:
Cadiz cannot fall." The next day the Cortes met again,
and a Committee which had been appointed to ezaanine
the papers laid before them, expressed, tin ough their
reporter, their decided approbation of the conduct of
Ministers. The following day (we believe) the Ministers
consulted the Cortes as to what they should do if Eng-
land should interfere, or France suspend hostilities on the
condition of a modification of the Constitution ?

'fire Cortes, after a long_ debate, decided that they
were a legislative body,that they were the creatures
of the Constitution, not its creators—that it did not fall
within their functions to make treaties, especially treaties
to alter or destroy their own essential rights and privi-
leges; that to the Executive was committed the ma-
nagement and responsibility of all State negotiations ;
and that to the Executive alone, in the first instance,
must these. important concerns be left. It may be pro-
per to remark here, that notwithstaeding this applica-
tion of the Minister to the Cottes, there is no reason to
believe that either England or Fiance had given any
official intimation of any intention to act in the way an-
ticipated. The Cortes sat for three or four more days,
and disposed of some routine business, when nothing
fresh being laid -beiote them, they dissolved themselves.
Their number usually consisted of 68 ; 60 being neces-
sary to conttitute a sitting. Of this number nearly the
whole were, with minor shades of difference, decided
Constitutionalists. About eight were of the party called
Serviles, who were detained in Cadiz very mach against
their inclination, in order to ensure the full complement
of members.

Great regret has been expressed that such ardent
partisans of the Constitution as Galiano, Arguelles,
Chtadrs, Valdez, Alava, and Saavedra, had at last
abandoned the cause, and had been the loudest in re-
commending the unconditional surrender of the King
and Royal Family. In justice to those individuals it
ought to be stated, that in the debate on the subject of
negotiating with the French, those six members were
among the 30 who divided against the 60 'who voted
for immediate accession to the French terms: thus clos-
ing their political career as legislator, with the dignity
and courage which had always distinguished them.

lIIEGO.

MADRID, OCTOBER 2.

Yesterday it was rumouted that Riego was to be
taken to a little fortress about two leagues froM the
capital. This news excited considerable irritation
amongst the factious, who had already declared their
dissatisfaction against such a measure in terms not a
little alarming. But this morning, at half-past five
o'clock, crowds of the populace ran through the streets
announcing the arrival of Riego, with the most fright-
ful cries. As he passed, they shouted aloud " them he
is—there he is, the traitor," &c. • Riego was in a car-
riage with the other officers a ho had been made pri-
soners with him at Arquillos. He was escorted by the
Royal Volunteers of this last town, and a strong de-
tachment of French and Spanish troops, who prevented
the populace from following up their abuse and exe-
crations by pet sonal outrage and injury. In this man-
ner the prisoners were led through several streets of the
city to the Seminary, where they mere delivered into
the custody of Count de Torre-Alta.
Although the pi ison is surrounded by -a very nume-
rous body of troops, yet from the immense crowds of
people collected in the neighbourhood, it is dreaded
that some violent attempt will be made upon the pri-
soners, the possibility of which might have been pre-
vented by a different conduct on the part of the Govern-
ment. Riego supports with great firmness the number-
less indignities and continued ill-treatment inflicted
upon • him by the malice of his enemies, since he has
fallen into their hands. The Royal Carabineers, who
conducted him from Carolina to Andujar, forced him
to ride upon an ass, which is the manlier, according to
an ancient custom still existing in Spain, that ci inutials
are led to execution. At Cordova a gallows had been
elected, and the windows and balconies draperied with
rush matting and dirty rag', in older to deride him. In
a word, the Royalists taxed their invention to find out
means of mortifying and humiliating him. It is a mi-
racle if all this do not end fatally for the unfortunate
Riego. It is sAid, the Empecinado made a forced march
of sixty leagues in six days, in order to rescue him, but
on reaching the point where he hoped to accomplish it,
Riego had already passed.
The following anecdote, which is related by an eye-
witness, shews how much the character of Riego has
been traduced :—During the mouth of August, /tier
mid a portion of his army, made a military excursion in
the neighbourhood of Malaga. A detachment of about
300 of the Army of the Faith (or faccigsys) fell in their
v• ay. After.a sharp skirmish, thirty of :hem were taken
isonecs : and the hasty zeal of 'Liege's companions in
arms demanded that they should be ijastautly shot.—

Riego vehemently resisted this cruel proposal ; and with
some difficulty succeeded in saving the lives of all
his prisoners.

ADDRESS OF THE SPANISH REGENCY.

~ MADRID, OCTOBER 5.

" Spaniards!—Our most ardent wishes are fulfilled :
the King is free. Our beloved Monarch and the Royal
Family are released from an oppression and slavery the
most severe. The desired, the idolized Ferdinand lives!
The Queen miraculously lives! They come to occupy,
with renovated glory, the throne of Charles the Third,
of Philip the Fifth, and of his grandfather. Eternal
glory to the great Prince, and to his liberating army,
which you have received with enthusiasm, and which i
you will this day load with your tenderest benedic ions,
for having restored liberty to your King. Ferdinand
free!—Behold, Spaniards, the great object and the au-
spicious termination of such great negociatious, such
great efforts, such great battles and triumphs, so many
sufferings and sighs! The cares of the great Monarchs
of Europe have not been in vain, nor the paternal soli-
citude of the venerable and august head of the Bourbon
famiiy, nor the noble efforts of the illustrious Prince,
his adopted son, nor the heroic sacrifices of the magna-
nimous natinn, which is this day and from henceforth
our friend and sister.
" The blood of the Spanish Royalists that has been
shed is not lost, they have not in vain endured their suf
ferings to have attained their object.
" Ferdinand free !—Monarchs, nations of Europe, and
you, Spaniards, behold the price and the recompense of
your efforts ; behold the memorable event from which
will date the new era of repose, of peace, of tranquillity
for the people, of security for thrones, the total destruc-
tion of factions, the liberty and the happiness of loyal
and Catholic Spain.
" Spaniards!—Glory be first to GOD—LO GOD who
linkis in his hand the hearts of Kings, who has inspired
them with the purpose of entertaining such a glorious en-
terprise, of which there is no example in the history of
ages. Let us praise and bless the Monarchs, and let the
Princes, the Generals, and all the Royalist companions
in arms of the two nations, who have immortalized
themselves in the great struggle of..fidelity against re-
hellion, receive the expression of our gratitude !
44 In the whole Peninsula, in the vast regions.of the
other Spanish hemisphere, let nothing be heard but
hymns of benediction, songs of praise, f recenciliation,
and of peace! When our common father comes amongst
his children, let him hear in the paternal mansion no-
thing but the voices of reconciliation and peace: let all,
like brothers, surround the Throne, make the sacrifice
of their hatred and their prejudices ; let no one dare to
trouble this triumphant fete by those deadly cries which
would afflict the heart of our good King.
" Christians and generous Spaniards,—The members
of the Regency, who have governed you in days of
trouble, and whom you so loyally obeyed, speak to you
to-day for the last time ; they are going to replace in
the sacred hand's of their King the deposit that has been
intrusted to them ; they are going as faithful subjects to
mingle with you again in order to declare loyalty and
homage to their Sovereign. Their joy would be corn-
plete, if they could accompany the numberless proofs
of your fidelity with the act of universal reconciliation,
though it were sealed with their blood—if they could
see their brethren who have been led astray, repent and
compound and mingle themselves with the faithful—
the weak, encouraged by the ezansple of the strong,
throw themselves at the feet of their sing, Ferdinand,
the pious, the mild, (the Regency well know this), will
readily forget all his sufferings if in return he can see all ,
his children reconciled, and saluting him with senti-
ments of unalterable fidelity, with the name of Father
and the Ruler of the great Spanish Family. His mug-'
nanimous heart will answer your acclamations, by call-
ing you his dear children. Then will commence a new
and happy era for restored Spain."—French Paper.

THE EVENING STAR.

LONDON.

TUISDAY, OCTOBKI. 14, 1323.
THE FUNDS.

STOCK EXCHANGE. TWELVE O'CLOCK.

Consols opened this morning at 831, at which price they remain
steady, with little fluctuation. Most of the parties in the Market are
busy in making up their accounts, as Thursday will be settling-day.
