HAMBURGH MAIL.

The Mail of this morning brings German Papers
to the 90th inst. from which we make the subjoined
extracts. The article from Hanover may serve to
give a faint idea of the heart-burnings and jealousies
that necessarily prevail in those countries in which
there are privileged Casts. By the French Revo-
lution the -Noblesse, whose exclusive pretensions be•
fore that period were excessive, were obliged to give
them entirely up, and to admit the wealthy and in-
telligent commonalty, to political equality with thew-
selves,.

and in that Century they will 'levet be able to
raise their heads again. But it is very different in
Germany. There the Noblesse yet enjoy, in most of
the States, the distinctions and exemptions which
have been abolished in Franca and they' cling to
them with the utmost pertinacity. The political dis-
tinctions and exemptions which they enjoy, however
injurious to a State, are less felrby the other inhabi-
tants than the social persecution which they every
where -exercise against those who.are not of their otvn
Cast. A scion of one of these families, though as igno.
rant and illiterate as the rude ancestor from which he
traces his descent, and depencfing for subsistence on
charity, would consider himself dishonoured by sitting
at the same table with a man whose genius had con-
ferred honour on his country. Hanover, Mecklenburg
and Hesse are said to be the parts of Germany in which
the pretensions of the Noblesse are the most offensive.
When an author, by his genius, attains celebrity, he
some times receives a patent of Noblesse. The cele-
brated SCHILLER, who-received a patent of Noblesse
from the EMPrltell, disdained to avail himself of it,
knowing that such a patent could confer no honour
on genius, though genius might confer honour on
it. Happy England ! however defective some of her.
Institutions may be, in having been longireed from
every thing like Castship. Here we hai,e a gre:st
advantage over the United States of America. The
Northern States, indeed, exhibit 2 picture of the most
perfect equality, but throughout the extensive States
of Virginia, the Carolinas, Kentucky, Tenessee and
Louisiana, the slavery of an unfortunate race of men
has reared an insurmountable barrier between the
whites and the people of colour, and entailed the
greatest curse on these portion of the Union.
FROM TOE MAINF., SEPT. 4.

The Emperor of Austria has desired to decline all
kinds of honours and ceremonies on his journey to
Aix-la-Chapelle. His Majesty will arrive at Nurem-
berg on the 20th, and on the 22d at Mentz.

EAST FRIESLAND, SEPT. io.

It is said that the Provincial States of East Fries.
land will shortly be re-established. The East Fries-
land Provincial Constitution is above 300 years old,
and has many excellencies ; through some defects had
crept into the administration, which it would b• pro-
per to remedy ; but the whole of the ancient Consti-
tution is excellent.

The three estates, namely, Knights, Burgesses, and
Peasants, have all equal rights, and equal duties ;
only, if the Constitution is restored, the voting in
Curia cannot well be introduced again because the
whole of the Equestrian order el Elst Friesland con-
sists of only two or three families, and most of the
Knights' estates are in the hands of the Burghers and
Peasants; and the estate of the Peasants (or farmers)
posies.; near 5000 free divided estates of the first
class, and nearly 8000 smaller ones of all kinds.

In ancient times, the numerous knights' fees and
noble estates were all in the possession of the East
Friesland Nobility, which is quite diffrent in modern
times. According to the said Constitution, the East
Friesland Diet was opened every year, on the 10tb
of May, for the production of the public accounts:
it was held with open doors, under the direction of a
Royal Commissioner. The revenue was levied at a
small expanse.
The Prussian Government had a great revenue
from East Friesland ; the inhabitants of the country
had few burthens and few taxes ; all trade, and every
branch of industry were free, and the country flou-
rished. These good times will certainly soon return,
and still further promote the general satisfaction in
East Friesland. If the Ems Canal should be accorti-
plished, it would be highly advantageous to the com-
merce and navigation of East Friesland.

STOCKHOLM, SEPTEMBER e.

Ismael Gibraltar, the agent of the Pacha of Egypt,
is gone to Carlscrona, whence he will sail to Italy,
on board a ship which he has purchased.
Complaints of dreadful hail storms have been re-
ceived from several districts. The hail is described
partly of the size of a. hen's egg, partly of a com-
mon watch, and lay unmelted above twenty-four
hours. At Upsal a great many windows were de-
stroyed several parishes in Helsinglands Upland, and
