By the King, ' ' CHARLES.
The Keeper of the. Seals, Siniater Secretary of State
in the Department of Jude.,
Count de PEYRONNET.

~

On this popular Measure of the new Kuvo, the Etoile
makes the following obser►ations :

" Nisi, SKr:. 30.

a Ever since his accession to the throne, Charles X.
has tot ceased to shew his affable disposition to all who
were called abort him.. M. de Chateaubriaad was seen
to have the most flatter's reception from his Majesty ;
M. Casimir Perrier, • vited to wait on the Monarch in
his`quility of Member of the Opposition, has also
been treated with much attention. All the words of
the Prince chewed a desire to see all political animo-
sities cease; but it was necessary. to destroy one of
the causes' which the most contributed to cherish
them. The establishment of the Censorship had.
alienated a: great part of the nation. To Maintain it
would have been hindering for a long time the fusion
of parties, and suffering an Obstacle to subsist to all re-
conciliations, or at last arrangements between the par.
tiaans of the present Ministry and the various classes of
the OppOsition; which this Ministry had 'created by the'
COOduct it had adopted. Charles X. was sensible of this,
thane no issit4"lict harrevealed:the intentions of
the 'Monarch,' it was.genersillf anticipated. For this"
week past is hsiii4eis percliind that thetensenhip hid
ed in itsAigettf....doubdess, it prekaged that its end
approached; At lengtk the.Monitear of this morning
'publishes the Oraonnance which restores to us the liberty
of the press, and-Which was so impatiently looked for
by all the friemis of the welfare of France.:
a This Ordonnance.has caused univerAl satisfaction:
The slavery of the press no longer conformable to
the manners of the nation—it is decidedly averse to it.
Charles X. could not commence his reign under happier
auspices. May the future not deceive the hbpes held
out by the present.

" The non-official part contains, under the head of
Ministry of the Finances, a notice relative to the certifi-
cates of the negociatious of the 23,1144.516, francs in
Rentes.—T hat the holders of the said certificates are
informed, that the fifteen twentieth, payable on the Bth
of October next, will be received at the Royal Treasury,
datipg from the Ist of that month.

.• !ROM TUB JOILINAJAL Dsf DlibliTS.

PARTS; SEPTEMBER 29.

To-morrow the King will have a grand review in
the Champ de Mars. There will be on the ground forty
battalions, furnished by the national guard. The gurd,
and the regiments of the line of the garrison of Paris,
and thirty-five squadrons, of the same troops, also six
brigades of artillery, three on foot, arid three on horse-
back, making altogether about 2 ),000 men.
The infantry will be drawn rip iti seven lines ; its right
1t the Military School; the cavalry in three lines, its
right to the Seine; the, artillery in two lines, facing-the
Military School. .
• These 20,000, under the orders of thoMajor-Gen•-
ral on duty (the Marshal Duke of Reggio) will be re•
viewed by his Majesty, and file off before him.
, ;

This forenoon we ~t4ived ;Lisboa Gonna to the
19th or September. Thet-coeiradict the. rumour that
tad lieen; Orckrtita, iitsi4ol7 in England but in Lisbon,
cif:.the 41.11eft
.Peirets.having invited-Portugal to join
in a coalition for recovering South. America—no such
propositiOn- hiving been made. In a comment, how-
ever, an some extracts from the Brazil Papers, one of
the Lisbori Gazettes. chtioss for Portugal the right to the
aid of the Great Powers " to recover Brazil, not only
.by virtue of ancient treaties, but alio of the community
of interest which unites-tlietn together." This assumed
right is' t least questionable. The folloling are eztractst

LISBON, SEPTEMBER
Among the reports lately circulated. in this capital,
is on 4 stating that his Majesty had• been solicited by'
the allieitContinental Powers, to join a coalition formed
for. the purpose of repressing the revolutionary spirit
which his manifested itself in' the American colonies,
and 'to restoreairder in them; that-these proposals had
given oceasion, to a:Council of State; .and certain reso-
tUtions adopted iu it, in opposition to thosiaith which a

powerful party, influenced solely by commirciAl views
laboured on the other hand, to detach the colonies id
America from their ancient political relations with the
enother country ; and, lastly, to crown all this, it wai
added that the good understanding between Great
Britain and the Allied Powers was interrupted.
The Gasdlt declares that there is no iruth in any
part of these reports, no such 0°044 had been made
to the. Court of Lisbon, no Council of State held .or any
such purpose, nor has there been any interruption of the
good understantling between Great- Britain and th'e
allied Continental Powers. s -

a .
'a •

SEPt.fl.the.(i'axettecOntaiits long extracts from ti,b
Brazil Paper called Piteela Brazikira,of 24th May and
4th of 'June_, to prove,that the Brazilian Government is
alarmed 'at the preparation of Portugal to invackthe
country; and that; being founded On: revolutionary pi:in:
ciples, it findzitself vacillating And without solidity.
The Gagtteoftliellth contains extracts from_ the Per:
nambuco Papers-of Ist July, with the same view. That
of the 15th, gives at full length the proclamation of the
Emperor of BeitZif,.dited 10th
.June,.calling on his sub-
, jests to arm in defence of their independence, and aka
the prodamation to the Perilattibucans. .
,Tbe following are the concluding passages of the
lobservations of the. qwtte,- on, these prOclamations:
" No Power denies the right of his Most Faithful.
Majesty to the Sovereignii of Braiil ; but his Majesty's .
right extends not only to. the recognition of his Bowe-
-1
Ireignty ; they extend also to the aid-of the greit Rowers
to recover it, not only by virtue of ancient treaties)but
also of the cbmmunitymf -inreietttilblch:;Onitedshem
together ; riot to omit the gratitudeiihich they all owe
him, and his Portuguese Strfiletti:, Ter tbefervices which
they rendered at no very remote period,`-which, perr.
haps, they are now suffeting.thy feetrjo-the very
barrassments in which they now find themselves. wean.
time it is lamentable to see how the factious make his
Royal Highness appear not only factious, but extremely
ridiculous in the eyes of the whole world, making him
proclaim, without his perceiving it, the very principles
by which he may one day be dethroned, and lay with
his own hands the foundation. ruin which must
inevitably follow."
SEPT. 16.—A Decree of his Majesty, considering the.
services perfornied' by Major-General Manoel PaMp-
lona Carneiro Ranger, and his constant adherence to
the cause of Royalty, gives him the title of Viscount
of Beira, to extend to two lives. •

. .
Another Decree orders the establishment of a Royal
Lithographic Printing Pless.

Mr. WILMOT•HORTON is slightly indispoied at his
villa of Sudbrook-bone, near Richmond.
_ _

The Duke and Duchess of C•LA MINCE, accompanied
by the Duke of bizneniami, arrived in tOwn yesterday morning,
:from their residence of Bushey.
Thursday evening, about seven o'clock, the Duchess
of MIXT, accompanied by the Prfoibles Vittoma and FrOIDORE;
Mid attended by the Baroorsa Da Braman and Captain 00111.1101., ar-
rived at her apartments in Remington Akre from Itamsgite, where .
the Royal Duchess has been euiding for', considerable time. Her
Royal Highness gave a grand dinner yesterday to the Duke. and.
Duchess of Cuarnea, and the Duke of Mesenisan.
Prince PoLrottAc, theNttnch Ambassador, transacted
business. yesterday, at the Foreign Officer. Downing .street
The Marquis CitstDetr, accompanied by Sir EDWAItte-
Knistcuauct, Bart. M.P. Malted the Earl of 1.101111POOL;At Weimer.
Castle, on Saturday, and were afterwards met by Lord liaccipsocr •
•
at dinner, at Mershatu Hatch. • •
• The Right Hon. J. Bacnrrr, Judge-Advocate Geri.
has beim down'to the Royal Lodge, to tfy before the Kum various
proceedings by Courts• Martial. and, receive bit Marmite's coin-
mends thereupon. • - " . . . .
The Hon. THostAs YESSY, the elde,st.son of Viscount
Di Vela, having completed Ms littlest on the' Slat Mt. great •
rejoicing took place at Abbeyleb sad Ire .
The opening of Druirlaite 'Theatre is; sieunderstand,
deferred until Saturday,. the Midi 'intim; *ken- Mi. Buitirros 114.
tends to present.' the Public' with anew fireekly thirwatior of • : •
Pride AA Isagi a Pall.
Gating' CoLUXI4I it laid to have written a
for Drury-lane Theatre, -in which ELLII4O/1 Is the hero.
A fever of the typhus kind prevails now in the neigh...
bourbood of Tunbridge Wells, though it has not spread very wide.
Mr. S. COAMItAM is, we understand, engaged me-
, Ccvent-garden, and will shortly make his drier in the character or
It the Dirt Mr. $ CISAMAII, when a child, acted Aiwa'
Arthur, and other characters, very prettily. . • *
A .tailor in Cork-stieet, has prOpbesitd the end of the
world in two years. He bat an- eye, said a wig, "re a•geol:
rot mosawisse •
We regret to learn that the Rev. Mr. MiTuattr,
known in the Literary world, lig clanyerosisly
• Troops are daily arriiing -Bailin for the grand au=..
tunnsal review. They go Into camp near fiiarlotteoberg. - . .
The population of Rome, whicb,.in- 1816, .viav -
14E,3114, assents, in 11124, to isksio.., • .
Road-street bad improved on Manny,rofdllw'ft_ 01," • • -
day there were dews carriages paned throtolt ; but es
day it was again a dreary void. So said a-AuSteeper yesterday. '
• A Welch Judge,. celebrated as irtuitor for altsortf,
of places and his neglect of personal eleanalnies was tha"44644.4.,-
by Mr. Jeavu.:—. " As- you have asked the Ministers for every •
thing else, why have you never asked them for a piece. of soap.
and a nailbrush ?" - -

We are informed that the operative dyers have done
themselves hurt by their combined attempt to raise their
wages. In one large work, new hands were taken in ;
and when the old ones offered to return, the employer
declined their service but at a reduction of Is. a week;
and that upon the wages of 70 of the best of them.. 311*
another still htrger work the experiment succeeded still
worse ; for although the employer allowed part of the
workmen to come in, he positively refused- to take back
others on any terms whatever.--Gkrsgcrw ChroniCle.
CHILD DROITIN9.--Wednescliy evening, about half.
past seven o'clOck, as Mr. Nesbitt, street-lceeper of Sr.
Clement Dane, Strand, was walkingalong Wych-streer,
Drury-lane; he. was informed. by a little boy, that there
was a bundle lying in that passage (White Lion-passage),
"He immediately went up, where he .met with the land.'
lord of the White Lion public-house: IJpon esamining
the bundle, they found it to be vale child, apparently
not more than a week old, carefulli.wrap;:ed up in.
flannel. Mr. Nesbitt took it to his own house, where
hii wife examined the child ; frota thence it was taker
to the workhouse and placed under proper care, and
every endeavour is making to find out the mother.
The latest crops of Bailey in Susses were carried this present
week before the rain came, and appear in excellent order. The
Wheat is a very good quLity, but on thrashing it out, there ap—
pears ninth less in suatitity than was imagined from its appearance
when standing. .Oats are in geneval.good, as is Rye. The
of After-Grast, or Bowing., as they are wiled, Wye twill iiiintetme
this autumn, owing, probaisly; tOle. oft Aty.liiiier part of
the summer.

Iwo*
Yorl
at AI

-A
sceed
men
Roy
Rib

btgh
-T
