rARts. MARCH is:

The Ilrefect of Lyons repaired this evening td the
ling to annciunce.to him that this city had reentered
under the authority of Louis XVIII. and that etety
where was mounted the white cockade.

Matti rich landed proprietors of Fraaee and some
e the first eommeraal houses of the capital have

cffered to the King considerable succours in money
and goods. One of these offers alone amounted to
Ave millions in specie. His Majesty, much affected
with these matks of attachment, thanked those faith-
ful Frenchmen, and ordered it to be written to them,
that he had not, at present, any need of pecuniary
assistance.

is said that the Minister of Finance told the King
tbt there were in the pbblie treasury a hundred
ts at the disposal of his Majesty for the necessities
of i.e country.

BRUSSELS, MARCH 17.
The intelligence from Paris has pro:need the most
live;; sensations here. The opinion of all good French-
!flea is unanimously shared by the inhabitants of the
Tar, Bas, where all hearts regard the cause of Louis
XVIII. as sacred. We learn that the English troops
11.7 e made movements of concentration upon two'
Antwerp and Moline', and that the Prussians
are wilting their forces in the Lurtemirarg territory.
BESANCON, MARCH 16.
Nothing can equal the activity of the measures
taken by the civil and military authorities in this de-
panrnent. The enthusiasm of all ranks increases.—
The intelligence from Switoerland is excellent: a
military attitude has been assumed to disconcert the
Partisans of Bonaparte, who seek to agitate the Cana
tnr, of Vaud. The Bernese are devoted to the House
of liourbon.
The spirit of Franehetortite is profoundly royalist
Z 1 faithful ; all the arrangements ate executed with
dispzeh : a magic confidence is attached to the name
of the King ; it is for the King that all swear to die,
is by the King that France appears already to
L- saved.
Every thing which is necessary fot the Prince of
i
llot tWa is furnished with alacrity; offers of ser•
`'te of all kinds arrive from every part of the De.
,!iment. The Ordonnance of the King of the 9th
f=i March has filled with a noble pride all the soldiery
`4lv I"ii pay. The inhabitants crowd to the house of
tit 4nt Shoe, the Prefect, to be sent. to join the corps
Pritlce of Moskwa. A corps of volunteers has.
.:44dy marched upon Auxonne : all in short here
D'tAtl:es love for the King, confidence and fidelity.
SOISSONS, MARCH 16.
city of Soissons, which at all epochs has given
lilly proofs of patriotism and attachment to its

legitimate Sorereigns, has signstlited itl. devotitt to;
the sacred cause of liberty; against the Odiods ty-
ranny which threatens to subject France to the most
degrading slavery.
The Sub-Prelect has called together all who are
respectable in point of rank or fortune, and all have

evinced their eagerness to march against the enemy
who threatens our liberties. Companies of Voinn-
teen have been organized, and subscriptions opened
to defray the expense of arming and equipping them.
The Ilionitessi contains addresses from Beurdeatuc,
Cherbourg, and Havre, from the Royal Dragoons,
the regiment of Monsieur, the 88th regiment of the
Line, and about forty other corps.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
SITTINGS OF THE 18TH Or stAaMt.
After a Secret Committee, which lasted from one
to half-past two, the doors were thrown open to the
public. M. Sartelan then proposed, after a suitable
speech, a law for the better and more expeditious
payment of the army, which was agreed to with
inanimity.

General AumEa—l demand that the war shall be
declared Notional as long as Bonaparteis upon French

,ground. The army has long since been released from
its oaths to Bonaparte s it has contracted new oaths

to a King whose every instant of time is devoted to
the welfare of the French people: the army, there-
fore, will remain faithful.

PROJECT OF THE LAW.

Art. 1. The War is declared National against Bo-
naparte.

2. All the French are called upon to take arms
against the common enemy. All persons employed
in Civil situations under Government, who shall
march against him, shall receive, besides their sala-
ries, their full pay as Soldiers or Officers.
3. All suits pending before the Tribunals shall be
suspended for one month, quoad those who join the
army.

.
4. Students who join the army shall also have their
• time reckoned.

5. All Citizens are requested to Seize the emis-
saries of Bonaparte.

6. N.ltional rewards and promotion shall be granted
to the army.
7. This campaign shall be reckoned as a triple
campaign with respect to future rank and half-pay.
8. A medal shall be struck to be given to those
who have fought in this campaign for the King, the
country, and public liberty.
9. All speeches or writings tending to impugn the
Constitutional Chaster or to excite alarm as to the
national domains, shall be considered as intended to
excite a civil war ; and imprisonment or exile shall be
the punishment.
10. Every citizen who may have revoked, but

who shall, within three days from the promulgation
of this law, renew his 'oath of fidelity, shall be par-
doned.
I I. The Budget of 1815 shall provide for all those
military officers who may lose their donations.--Or-
dered to be printed.
FROM 'll-1E JOURNAL DE PARIS, MARCH 19.

Officers commanding corps will receive their orders
from, and address their reports to, 11. E. Marshal
Duke of Tarentum. Head-quarters will this day be
established at V illejuif.
Yesterday a vast number of National Guards and
inhabitants of Paris, who have voluntarily inlisted to
form the moveable National Guard of the Depart.
ment of the Seine, met in the Courtyard of the
King's Library. Even there, a concourse of young
men enrolled themselves tur the same duty. To-
wards mid-day Baron Le Capitaine reviewed them,
when they unanimously exclaimed—" Five I< Roil,
Vivant :el Bourbon: I"
Several Royal regiments have already armed 'at
Melon. Within two or three days the camp neat that
place will consist of from :10 to 40,000 men.
In Brittany a very considerable lexy has been made,
of which a large proportion is ready to march. The
volunteers of that province ainount to 40,000 men.
This intelligence was brought to Paris by M. d'Es.
clignac, Aide-de-Camp to Lieut. General D'Auti.
champ.
LILLE, MARCH 16.
Our city has set the example to the department of
the North. Battalions are forming. The first goes
from hence. The young men are conveyed to Paris
in 40 carriages —some on horses, others in the dili-
geucies, and about 600 workmen in carriages put in'
requisition to travel post. Thirty-six sedentary can-
noneer: precede the troops with two light guns.
The expenses of equipment and conveyance are to
be paid by a subscription which was opened yester-
day morning, and which before night amounted to
nearly 25,000 francs. To.day 50,000 francs will
have been subscribed, and should that be insufficient,
every body is ready to repeat their subscriptions.
LAON, MARCH In.
The levy, which had been ordered of one man in
twenty, to enable the National Guards to march, and
to form corps of Volunteers in the department of
Aisne, has been made with the greatest activity.—
The results are most satisfactory. The Authorities
are seconded by men truly devoted to the cause.
Nothing can exceed the zeal and devotion of the in-
habitants of all towns. The moat exalted personages
of the department hasten to inrul themselves in the
corps of Royal Volunteers. Arms arrive in abun-
dance. One corps is ordered to Melan. The Pro-
clamations of the Kinghave made a great impression
and excited the most lively enthusiasm.
ANGERS, MARCH 15.
. His Serene Highness the Duke of Bourbon, in-
vested by the King with the government of this part
of the kingdom, arrived here yesterday. The Au.
charities have all waited upon him to offer their ho-
mage, and were received with that grace and Arabi-
, lity which characterise the family of the Bourbons.

--
