THE 110 USELESS POOR.

A Meeting of the General Committee took place
yesterday, in the Poultry, for !iv! purpose of receiv-
ing a !Lei ort of he al ranzements made at the Lon.
don Woikhouse.

The Meeting was very fully attended, and the pro-
ceedings at the London Workhowe were unanimously
approved. From a statement made by the Chairman
of the House Committee (D. CAMPBELL, Esq.) it
appeared that upwards of a htr:dred persons were
sheltered on Wednesday night ; and from the regu-
lations laid down, Which are the result .of repeated
consultations during the whole of the summer, the
Committee are satisfied that none but the really
housekss have been or are likely to be received under
their care. . .
Dr. CONQUEST. who has again kindly consented
to give his assistance, stated co the Meeting, that
amongst the many distressed objects who on Wed-
nesday 'light applied for admission, there was one
man in the last stage of human suffering. The ex-
treme rigour of the weather, to which this unfortu-
nate being had been exposed, combined with the want
of food, bad reduced him to that state of exhaustion,
that it was the decided opinion of the Doctor, when
he examined him, that he could not have survived
another night, had there been no " Refuge for the
Houseless in existence. _ _ _

The Committee were occupied in their interesting
duty from one o'clock until four, and amongst other
important arrangements, it was resolved to open
forthwith two other recepucles, in other parts of the
town, upon the same plan as that .adopted at the
London Workhouse. The Committee adhere to their
iresolution of. confining their attention to the one ob-
ject, of affording nightly shelter and sustenance. to
those who need them, considering that anything be-
yond must have the unavoidable tendency to mune
date the Metropolis with vagrants, by attracting
them from all parts of the kingdom, and recollect-
ing that many instances occurred 111 A winter, of Pa-
rish Officers in country places actually sending. their,
own poor to London to participate in the rend' af-
forded by this Institution.
Several new subscriptions were announced, and
the best pledge to the Public as to their appropria-
tion, is the known activity and humanity of those to
whom their bounty is entrusted.
Sir JOHN Lunaocn presided. Sir C. S. HUNTER
and Mr. Alderman Bernaas were also present, and
took an active part in the deliberations of the Com-
mittee, and the zeal which animated the whole Meet-
ing was in the highest degree gratifying.

A. S. CRESSWELL BAILER, Esq. • has given a fat
,ti a
heifer to the poor of Cresswell. . .
Friday week, the Rev. TOVEY Jo:A.:Fre, of Skel-
ton, distributed a quantity of excellent beef to all the
poor inhabitants of that village. He also sapports
and superintends a Sunday school, and the children
ergo a !xeckly examination bj bim.• •

TrzinvthiTEA

....L........

Yesterday the Sessions of the Peace for the City
and Liberty of Westminster commenced at the Guild-
hall, before Mr. CoNsT, the Chairman,• and a full
Bench 4,f Magistrates.
Hanby Price was itislicted for publishing a wicked,
•seditious, and inflammatory libel, of and concerning
his Royal Highness the Puke of .The libel
consis.ed in a hand-bill, copies of which were plenti•
fully circulated by the defendant amongst the
crowds in and about St. James's-square, during the
residence of her MAJESTY there. It wat to this effect:

Why, except for hire, is the Duke of York huz-
zaed ?—ls it fur his military exploits at the Helder ?
Is it because he pocketed £lO,OOO a-year of the
public money for visiting an aged parent, who had
been so peculiarly kind to him ?—ls it because be
has voted for the infamous Bill of Pains and Penal-

ties again =t the Queen in all its stages r—There
were other questions of the like nature and tendency,
and the hand-bill conclided with—" Let the huz-

zaers answer these:queries, br hold their tongues."
Mr. Revamps, for the Crown, in his address to
the Jury, observed, that it was for them to declare
whether the paper before them was such as any Eng-
lishman, in the exerciie of his most undoubted right
9f discussing public matters, would be justified in
sending forth to the world ; or whether it was not of
such a nature, as not only to exceed the limit's of fair
discussion, but to excite disaffection in the minds of
his Majesty's subjects? The. defendant, who is a
bill sticker, was seen with a bag round his neck, dis-
tributing copies of this hand-bill in large numbers ;
and here he (Mr. Reynolds) would observe, that per-
sons of his class entertained .a notion, that they, not
being the authors or printers of the libel, were not
liable to the consequences of the lacy. But this was
entirely a mistake; for they were the publishers
of the libel, and were equally open to punishment
with those who employed them. The Learned Coun-
sel then read the libel, commenting in forcible terms
upon its several passages, and pointing out the evil
tendency that such a publication was likely to have.
The applause with which the Royal Duke was greeted
on his passage to and from* the House of Lords,
during the momentous trial of her Majesty, did not
proceed from the mouths of hired persons, but was
the spontaneous ebullition of .generous feeling with
which Englishthen, when left unbiassed and unper-
verted by designing men, always greeted persons of
di-tinguiAwd merit like his Royal Highness. They
knew the services he had rendered his country ; they

knew that it was his admirable management of the'
army which had advanced its characte, above every
other in the civilized world, and lia.l enabled it to
achieve those glorious victories which had led to the
release of all Europe from a state of oppression and
slavery. The people knew also the attention which
his Royal Highness had devoted to the comforts and
interests of the wives and families of the soldiers,
and in cheering him wherever he appeared, they
were actuated only by sentiments of admiration and
of loyalty. He hoped it would not, even at this time
of day, be thought unfashionable to speak of loyalty,
for those were egregiously mistaken, who fancied
that notions of English freedom were not perfectly
reconcileable with the strongest, the most vivid feel-
ings of loyalty and attachment to the Constituted
Authorities of the country.—After some further ob-
servations, the Learned Counsel called Furzman, the
Officer, and two others, who proved the distribution
of the hand-bills by the defendant.
The libel was then put in and read.
The defendant read a written defence, and set out
by stating, that he was totally unused to public
speaking, and unacquainted even with the forms of
Courts of Justice. Having been a long time out of
employment, he applied to Mr. Benbow, printer, in
the Strand, who employed him to stick up placards.
The first was one quoting a paragraph from a Morn-
ing Paper respecting the Queen, in which it was said
"she ought to be sacrificed ; we care not whether as
a martyr or a criminal l"—The second gave Lord
Nelson's opinion of Italian witnesses; and there were
several others, all upon the subject of the Queen's
trial. He read these bills, and some of them were of
the most inflammatory kind. They all bore the name
of Mr. Benbow as the printer, in conspicuous cha-
racters. For publishing the last of them, before the
one now the subject of charge, he was apprehended,
and taken before Mr. Minshull; the Magistrate, who
did not hold him to bail, nor even warn him that he
was doing wrong. Thus lulled into security, he
went on, unconscious that he was committing any
offence, until he was again apprehended. The name
of Mr. Benbow was upon this'and all the other bills,
but in no instance had he (Mr. Benbow) been prose-
cuted. He then read the libel, and defended the se
venal passages, denying that there was anything in it
calculated to defame the public character of the
Duke of York, or that it could be called " wicked,
seditious, and inflammatory." He trusted the Jury
would place themselves as a shield between him and
the wily sophistry and legal ingenuity that had been
exerted against him by the Counsel, who, like the
rest of the profession, was employed to make right
seem wrong, and wrong right. ,This prosecution, he
averred; was instituted by persons who appeared to
be endeavouring, on every occasion, to drag the
weaknesses and vices of Royalty before the Public,
and who were the worst enemies of Royalty. lie
contended, that the bill contained no libel on the
Duke of 'York, but merely asked a few plain ques-
tions, which might have been fairly replied to. He
would leave his case in the hands of the Jury, with
the firmest confidence that they would acquit him.
Mr. REYNOLDS was about to reply, when
The defendant submitted, that the Learned Coun.
sel had no right again to address the Jnry, as he
(defendant) had called no witnesses.
The Couni decided, that he had the right of reply,
and Mr. Revtioara addresied the Jury at consider-.
able length.
The Jury, after a short deliberation, returned, a
verdict of (iailt.y.
Henry Heald;. a respectable-looking young man,
stood indicted for assaulting J. Wayling, a Bow-
street Patrol, and creating a riot on the SI st August.,
The prosecutor was on duty in St. James's-square,
when Mr. Mills, who, it will be recollected, was
taken into custody when he was speaking to the mob
there. On passing through
.Cockspur-sareet, a mob,.
of 400. or mgr., attacked the Officers with brick-bats
and sticks, tsomthe old; houses pulling down. ..Mr.

Mills was pi hie it.enach, and on pitssin the iiiit-
thumberland Coffee-house' a brick was thrown at the
prosecutor, who, with, the Officers, was guarding the
coach. On turning round he saw the prisoner in the
act of throwing a brick, and he took him into cus-
tody.—Not Guilty
There were some expressions of applause in the
Court when the verdict was given.
Richard... Young, a hackney coachman, stood ine
dieted for wounding G. Donaldson, a constable, oa
duty at Covent-Garden Theatre. Donaldson ap-
peared in Court with his head bound up, not having
been yet sufficiently recovered. Ile recommended
the prisoner to mercy on account of his having A
wife and four children to support. The pritoaer.
pleaded Guilty, and expressed great contrition, and,
after an admonition, he was sentenced only to four,-
'teen,days imprisonment.
Elizabeth Ehatan, a woman advanced in years, and
of a miset able appearance, was indicted for assault-.
ing her husband.
-Mr. ALLEY stated the case on the part of the pro-
secution. After detailing the particulars of the case,
,he said it was an unfortunate and lamentable cir-
cumstance, that persons so nearly allied should come
into a Court of Justice under such •circurhstances;
but this woman, who had lived separate from her
husband, met him in the street and assaulted him .
publicly, without any provocation, before a mob of
people; and if a man was subject to attacks of chi's
kind, what else could he do but king the offender
to julice?
JoKn Ehman, a foreigner, said he was one of the
band in a Regiment of Guards. On the day laid in
the indictment, while he was passing along White,
hall, the defendant, accompanied by her sister, came
up, seized him violently by the arm, and said, "You
German thief, I have got you now, and will
not leave you, until you let me know where you live.
You are a foreigner, and though' you are my hus-
band, I must tell you that you are one of those who
have come over to give evidence against the.Queen.ll
This she spoke in a loud tone of voice in the pse-
sence of the. mob. The witness said he went on for
the. purpose of going to Queen-square Police Office,
to give charge of her there; and when he came near
the place, the defendant went away.
The CHAIRMAN now asked the defendant, wire,
ther she wanted to live with her husband? She an-
swered that she did not. He then expressed some
doubt whether the act done by the woman, consi-
dering that she was the wife of the prosecutor, could
amount to an assault
Mr. ALLey.—., It was a violent and unlawful as-
sault, to take hold of a man against his will."
The.CHAIRMAN..--" That is rather a far fetched
doctrine ;when a roan's wife is charged asthe offender."
Mr. ALLEY.—" Then the best way is, to let the
woman off this time, provided she will undertake not
to annoy this man in future."
The prosecution was then dropt ; and the CHAIR-
MAN advised the prosecutor to consult some English
friend as to the best mode of settling the differences
between him and his wife.

We are authorised to say that there is no truth in
the statement, •which we copied yesterday front a
morning napes, that Dr. VaLrt- had summoned a
hackney-coachman to Bow-Street,• as he was not in
town at the time. -

Wednesday John Palin, •the Man who, it will be
recollected, was taken into custody some time ago,•
after a reward of £2OO for his apprehension had been
offered by the Home Secretary; Upon a charge of
high treason, and conspiring Vrith' A. Thistlewood
and others, to assassinate his Majesty's Ministers at.
a Cabinet Dinner, was brought from 0)1(11:lath-fields
Prison, by ADKINS; the Gosietnor,'before the Privy
Council at Whitehall, and was. examined by the AT..
TORNri-GENEDAL, and nine PrivrCouncillors, for
upwards of an hout and a' half.' He declared that
it never was his intention to pin in the horrid deed,
and that he had ail along endeavoured to persua*
Thistlewood and his companions from the act which
they meditated.—.43alit-Was Called upon to enter into•
his own recognizance in the •sum•of 1:500 for seven
years, for which. period he was held to keep the -
peace. He entered into thereciagnizance, and was'
discharged.-
An Inquest was held.yesterday; at the Adam and'
Eve Tavern, in the Hanipsteact-road, tin the body of
Mr. Edward Pawler. The deceased eas a Sheriff's-
officer, and was holding peisession of the house of a
Gentleman, named Mida, in Bath-place, New-road,
by virtue of the Shelifri warrant. Mr. and Mrs.
Mida were confined to thvir'beds by indisposition,
and there was no one to attend to the house but a ser-
vant girl and the bailiff. Before the latter had been
in possession many days, he eiperienced an -attack
of the gout, which increased so much, that he wa'i•
compelled to take to his bed; his complaint not •
abating anything, he requested the servant girl to
fetch a surgeon, on whose arrival he was found sitting
up in bed, with hi: watch in his left hand and the key
in the other, as if he had been in the act of winding'
it up when he expired. Verdict—" Died by the
•
Visitation of GOD."
_ _ _

Another InqUest was held yesterday evening at the
Golden Liop, Warwick-place, Bloomsbury, on the'
body of Miss ROTA WINIFRED LERSIC, aged be:
tween eighteen and nineteen years, who, with her ser-
vant-maid, eaew herself out of a twa;pair window •
into' the area, a height of fifty feet, at the louse of
Dr. UWINS, Bedford-row, early on the morning!
New Year's Day, the room
being then on fire.
deceased lingered till between five and silt o'clock cni
Tuesday evening, when she died. After hearing all
the evidence, the Jury returned a verdict of-.." KiUed
by a fall, in attempting to escape front fire."
. -
At Norwich Market, on Saturday, Wheat a lvaneed
Is. per coomb, but no alteration took place in the
other kinds of grain.—The Cattle Market was not so
full of stock as usual, and great part of the Stoti
were driven off unsold. The sheep-pens were partly
filled—pt ices rather lower.
CORX Excamtor, bi•xx-tass, JO. 5....--Our Market cone-
ones in the same state u• on Wednesday, the severity of the '
frost and the stoppage of the navigation of the River. havirg
paralyzed all-kind of business; and as the consumers are not yt
driven to ;be necessity of Granary samples, the prices of all
Grain Must be quoted nominally as on Wednesday.
• Sauzurscui MARIUS, JAX. 5.—/Seef, 3s. 10d. so 4s. 10d. per
stone of albs. Muttoo, Ss led. to 4s. 10d.. Vaal, 4s. 6d. to 6s.OC.
Pork, 45.64. to 51.10 d. Lamb, Os.ed. to 05.0d.--Cattle at hlarlst
Beasts, 440 ; Calves, S 0; Sheep ancl. Lambs; 4,100 ; Mgr,
Ray, at. 10r. tu.41,. 44. Cloveri si, Ks. to rl. L. sln IVA, Es.
toll 14*. .; . • . 1
. .

• : . ••

FURTIIIIWPARTICUIAIML
Yesterday a Meeting of tht Parishioners of tom-
bola a district containing the Urged population of
the Metropolis, was held at the Horns tavern, Ken-
nington, in pursuance of a Requisition, signed by-the
principal Gentlemen of the garish, and presented to,
the Churchwordens, requesting they would take the
sense of the iithabitants, at a Public -Meeting, upon
the propriety and necessity of praying his Majesty
to dismiss from his Councils :for ever his present Mi-
nisters. The Requisition submitted a variety of topics
fur consideration. It comprehended a Petition to
the House of Commons,- praying for a Reform in
Parliament, and arraigning, in strong- and expressive
Lentil, the whole internal end external policy of the
present Administration—their establishment, abroad
of a ,eg Holy Alliance," to 'stifle the complaints and
wants of the people pf the Continent.; and their con-
temptuous indtifbrfnce at home to the distresses Of
the people, vihost expression of sentiment they had
repressed, either by open violence (in allusion to the
Manchester affair), or by coercive and unconstitu-
tional laws. As the former Meeting in this parish to
congratulate the Queen on the failure of the machi-
nations of her Majesty's enemies took place immedi-
ately on the close of the prosecution, and was on that
account considered premature by some Gentlemen,
a Congratulatory Address was now recommended,
to bey Majesty, for the purpose of gratifying those
who, for the reason already mentioned-, had not tome
forward at the former Meeting, accompanied by a
declaratory Resolution explanatory of the reason of
the second Address, as the former had been signed
by 8,000 inhabitants.
This Requisition was signed by. Mr. SLADE, who
is one of the oldest end most respectable inhabitants
of the parish, by Mr. WILLIAMS, M.P. and a num•
ber of other Gentlemen of raolcastd fortune who
reside in the district.

The ChorChwardens eonvened the Meeting, and
Mr. Nost.s, the principal Churchwarden, took the
Chair at twelve o'clock. He opened the business of
the Meeting by reading the Requisition, and express.
ing the proper sense of his duty which he entertained
in giving the principal inhabitants of the parish, when-
ewer they called upon him, an opportunity of ex-
pressing their sentiments upon public questions. He
hoped that every Gentleman who addressed the .Meet--
ing would tontine himself Within the tents of the
Reqnisition--llfeerl)
Mr. SLADE came forward, and was received with
loud applause. lie said that ht felt; in common with
the whole people of this country, the importance of
coming to some full expression of the public senti-
ment at the present crisis. A series of Resolutions
had been prepared, which he should at the outset
wish to have I erni to the Meeting as a whole, to en-
able them the better to understand the views of the
Requisitionist's who had promoted this Meeting: This
being done, the Resolutions *mild in succession be
put in the ordinary way, by suelt.Gentlemen as should
thiuk proper to propose them, and in the regular
course they would be open to objection, if any there
was. The framers of the Resolutions .courted publi-
city and invited discassioo--4iimr, drew!)
Colonel Swam then read the series of Resolutions,
and the Petition and Address, which detailed and
elucidated the objects set forth in the Requisition.
Mr. iiititt.lastv,. M. p., ; s aid, he was roessested,to
move the opening frookition. , Rieke he did .se, he
was auroras rostrum his tbaoksto the worthy Chair-
imen tor the proper manner in which he bad et.
optics* in the revisit ear:wood in the Raquisitirett
Of saute of the hillehitantor-(4pprcoM)-.and thus
giving this greatand attentive -Parish an Opportunity
Of moresing tit- sentiments on the present mornen•
tails Site of the toulttrl. Ind coneerieg thent both
terse suvere4n and to the House of cern:bons. It
was more ineunsbent on them to come forward fey
snob a purpose at a great Public Meeting like the
Deseret, because they were not iguorcat that certain
(litratlenten hid clandestinely adopyed what wire
termed " Loyal akddrestessi losigh)i..mud issued
thesn.as if the, had really emanated from large bodies
of theiohabitenti of the Parish7-(lidie, Berl,)-..
1441 now called upon 1.11050 gentlemen, if,any of them
were present, to come forward boldly, face their fel-
lew-parislsioors, and state their -reasons/or having
taken a clandes* coursert-Orear, Jeatjj...Lep
theta come for ward and support, by fair and ra.
Coital discussien., the cows) wideh:they bad pursued
...-44 ;nurse, in his opinion, moll hostile to the feil.
ins and ,sentiments or their fellir.vflubjects,..-(Ap•
p 444).. ..•-lie (Mr. Williams) cared little for party;
1;.0 was the advocate of full and treecijscussion, and
the stead/ adherent 19 Findiple-,(iligileast).--The
peed 9f his co nary was his sole ol.ject, and it was
because he felt the most decided conviction that the
present system of his Irijusty's Minister,s was calcu-
lated to terminate in the general ruin of the People,
tbat he now came forward to oppose that system,
and proclaim its inevitable and fatal tendency—
(spir, trear.l).,,,kie then entered into a general re.
view of the conduct of the present Ministers, and
particularly their late conduct to the Queen ; upon
which he .pronounced, from beginning to end, the
must unquallAed condemnation, He had no wish to.
Irritate, but asAredly it could neither be blinked nor
denied, that tae treatment of that Illustrious Lady
had *en cruel beyOnd all precedent. Nothing was
Mbri .revolting, than that the Queen should live
bee; kept in Ignorance of the death of his late Pla-
jest* her stay and protector,(lrlear, Ara, I—Cor-
ren.onding with that act was the subsequent prose-
envoi:a:the amain,. in the.colieus shape of a Bill of
lig.ps end 'POl:dies. In referriog to these tiaositc..
ttoqs it wasimpessible not to be struck with the de-
raeltpar a her Majesty. It Was as high as it wet'
ufthaitnple:l; and there was no instance an historY of
sitar hbroism as .hbr Majesty displayed, iu throwing
1.4 n fielf upon the protectro Vi. the people of this coun-
try, in open deOance of the a palling threats other
Wight? etieiniet-a-(Grec it t . iimuj.--Xri allusitin to
i
the Bill of Pains.and rra t tires, be knew not lame to
eepreAs his sentiments upon a measure of such sisbepe,
, If shop it ulair be mow, which shape had use
tioinersisliabte iii tonne, form, or lint!"-,( *,
'that Bill was an open violation of the best prmiei•
plet.ofthe British Constitution, and equally subveo•
silt of all the proper forms of private justice_
har!)..-,AWge hostile we' be to the scendaleas con-
duct per old throughout the proceedings by the Go.
scsainent Press, ill their Aaily libels open the Quit
tUrotigliout too trial...4lloo~H, thee cog betel

the not oaahat her 3Lies: had not.hosiolompletely
acquitted; be.-ause the House of-Vorffs had, by a
majority
of nine, read the Bill a third time ; and con-
elected that the it b Majeky's
. Ministers sheered their entire co snesrthat they
had no ground to stand upon, to prosecuting the
measure in the House of Commotts,,lf they believed
the Queen gtiilty, they were tie* to send the Bill
to'-the Commons. Upon no sti#position; therefore,
but the Queen's innocence, could they stand justified
in abandoning their Bill--(Applause).—On the sub-
ject of what was called the " Loyal Declarations,"
he must say, that whatever might have been deemed
the designs of the Radicals, as certain persons had
been called, nothing could be More fatal to the Con-
'stitution than the system proceeded upon so long by
Ministers: their measures had more undermined the
peace and Aecurity of the country, than any which
had been attempted hy the most evil-midded men,
who were charged with sedition and blasphemy. He,
saw, therefore, no hope for the country, except for
the dismissal from power. Of those men whose Item.-
tunate councils in the administration of the-affairs of
the country had been productiveof so much Calamity.
On the subject of !Worm in Parliament it became
every man now to speak out. The Reform which he
desired was, in the first instance, what was called
an Economical Reform ; and, when he used that
term, he-could not but remember the failure of Mr.
Burke's celebrated Bill, whieh, it was said, would
render, in Attune,. all profligate expenditure impossi-
ble. Unhappily, that had not been the ease; for the
real evil would be found in the intpethet state of the
representation of the' People in the House of Com-
mons—j'Airgaure).--If that . House -eeatained men
who were, as they ought to be, the organs of the
public sentiments; there would then be that due-con-
trail of the oritioneloxperidieure, which would pre-
vent a bad Minister from having the means of cx-
tehding the baneful sources of corruption in the man-
ner in which they were at present- spread over the
fate of. the country--f neer)....-:-Vntil there was a
suitable Reform in the House dl Commons, there
was no hope for thecountty sfor et rail that desipitble
event took place, the Public had not that security
for the management of their most important and es-
sential affairs that the Constitution warranted them,
in having. The Hon. Member concluded by pro-
, posing the first Resolution, and repeating his hope
that, if any Loyal Addressers (as they termed them-
selves were in the rank they would now come
, forward, and meet, in fair argument, their fellow-
' parishioners--(Appkese).
Mr. SLADE, in seanding this motion, repeated the
challenge of his Hon. Friend to the " Loyal Ad-
vdressers," and inquired how it was possible for these
'Gentlemen to charge their fellow-parishioners with
inattention to religion, when, within a very short
period, they_ had voted the building . of four new
Churches, at an expense of .'.60,000 ?- -(Appleuse).—
With respect to the morals of the People, he was one
of those who always thought tint the morals of a
country in no wall degree depended upon the ex-
'ample of their Government-•-(Hear).—lt would not,
perhaps, be necessary for him to enter into particu-
lars; -though he could not refrain from saying, that
he feared the Coort of England had not, for some
years past, set the best example in morals that might"
have been sat to the People of the country at large
(araterhaer).-e-The Addressers, instead of calling
themselves simply " Loyal," should have added the
term Ministerial," whieh world have been, 'he
thought, a-better destriptiott if their charatter and
abject—(glean,-1t was not, he thought, very deco-
rous for persons who met tlandestinely—as the
"Jolla Addressers' bad met-.-to Impugn the loyalty
and 4haracter of the great body of the People. If
they• thought the latter wrong, why not tome for-
ward and confute them at the groat -Public Meetings
which were now holding in veelous parts of the rout-
try?-o(fieer).-i-:indeed, in times of real immorality
there was no want of ultra -loyalists ; for they were
found in abundance during the profligate reign of
Charles U. when suds writers eaßtichester, Hobbes,
Spinosa, Collins, and men of similar principles were
patronised. lie disliked appealing on all occasions
to the staong hand of the law, to put down any opi-
nions by force-4Near).-•?It wat • the duty of the'
Clergy, who participated eo largely in the bounties.
Of the Crown, to combat the 'Stets aintlelity. It
was their duty to argue down hod principles, or at
least to make the attempt with real seal and ability,
rather than to call en a too-grilling Government to
put down the liberty of the Press, that great pane.'
distin of publictreedom. Public opinion was not to.
be put down breach means, riot by a standing army
viGreat a,pplinae).
The first !resolution was carried unanimously.
Colemel SLAWS then moved the second, which re.
commended the immediate restoration of the Queen's:
same to the Liturgy.
Mr. SOUOLTss, In seconding this Resolution, tot.
tended, that-the act of striking but the Queen's name'
from the Liturgy, in the, manlier in which it had
been done, wits illegal, and would filially become
cognizable before a Jury of Unglishmen—Vireat
applaute).—lle would thew this by the law of the
case as derivablefrdm the 'Statutes end also by the
Canons of the Church. ire held in hit hand the first
Edition of the Book of Common Prayer, after the
Act of Uniformity had passed. ThiS Prayer had in
fact been :.,previously regulated by the Lett of the Id
and $d of Edward VL the ash and 6th of Elisabeth,
and the 13th and 14th Cherie IL The early Acts
lie had quoted, particularly those of Elistbeth, en-
joined that all Parsons theuld be bound to say and
sing the Faun of Prayet in the order and manner in
which it was then frainedi tinder a heavy penalty in
Lase of a &patter, from that form stitheett " lawful
authority." Then came Ow Att of Uniformity in
the time of Charles 11. efintained a clause,
ttill imposing the istayy petialty, if a Clergyerantin
tinging or reading the Prayer) idtorad departed
from eke words in Abe boob *idlest lawful ay.'
ihority:" This 1;1%411 authority was said icy. Gibson'
sad Ratite to be tibia in the Klag_sad Council:
but by the Act of the it,thalienry VHC c. 19, no'
eltetetiwititiold Wts plat bes es to teak the penalty,
isnlessit wets made by the Ringsn Osundi, and at-
coding to the litatatt law. This was laid down in
Gate, Raymond, Hawkins, and other
law iuthmities. Now eine Canon law was not
;story upon a sub'est of those realms, inks" where
E.rerie with the &state or the Commbn
so he wee dm fee memo itt-tbealoinrat
glillallibtot thilk the tellipadblt Owe

be merely.aescahe nameitithe,persont
signation ef wfaile such rank, existed the
country. 4lt wisaear ,that
'Ohristian name might
be altered in the. Liturgy, but he denied that ithe•
Game of an 'office like that ,of the Queen could be.
altered by the mere dictum of the king or of the
Archbishop of Canterbury. if there be a Queen,
her name must be stated in the Liturgy ; he had
seen the names of two Queens (Dowager and Consort)
in the Liturgy; and if the .pffices east, they could
not be altered .without lawful authority. Now what
tvas lawful authority? The Book of Coot:noir Prayer
was " part and parcel of the law of .
.England ; it
was therefore of common lasSr, and soud not be
altered so as to expunge the names •of office, while
that office subsisted, by any other antbdrity than one
equal to itself, namely, the law—( Heir, hear).—
The 56th Canon of the Chards 'was also conclusive
Of the Ecclesiastical law of the ,Case; aud the Bishops
must have forgotten it when they concurred in
the late illegal act—(A lavh);—and every Clergy-
man who had so omitted her Majesty's .name, was
,liable to a prosecution for the penalty. He was
happy to inform the Meeting that a Jury .would soon
have to try the point—(Great applaase).--He con-
cluded by cordially seconding the motion, which was
carried unanimously.
Mr. AZRAHAM bloona, the distinguished Bar-
rister, rose to submit the third Resolution, which was
declaratory of the necessity that existed for the dis-
missal of Ministers. He agreed- 'that much of the
prevailing evil might be traced to the want of a Re-
form in Parliament, without -pinch it was clear there
could be no adequate controul diner the management
of the affairs of the country.4dinisters, as the House
of Commoes was now constituted, could pass what- I
ever measures they liked, and afterwards get an in-
demnity for the consequences—(hear!)—He refer-
red to the horrible transaction of the 16th of August,
at Manchester, as a proof of the bad disposition of
Ministers, and of the lengths which they were pre-
pared to go to stifle the expression of the public sen-
timent--(hear, hear !y—That act ought never to be
forgiven them—(/lea,, hear!)—nor their base and
unwarrantable use of spies to assist in getting up
every species of plot—(ther, hear!)—Castle,, Oli-
ver, Pletcher, and such fellows, were let loose upon
the People by men in power for the most infamous
of purposes; and Castles in open Court confessed,
that while paid and clothed by Mr. Stafford, of Row-
street, who acted under Lord Sidmouth, he had com-
mitted. overt acts of treason without consulting his
confederates, whom, at the moment lie made the d;s-
closure, he was endeavouring to hang for his own
acts—(Hear, hear!)—The Learned Gentleman then
commented upon the foreign policy of his Majesty's
Ministers, which he condemned as equally reprehen-
sible with their domestic policy, for they had incor-
porated themselves with a " Holy Alliance" of Des 7
pots, leagued for the suppression of public liberty
wherever it reared its head.--(Hear, hear!)—lf the
system of such men were not changed, there was no
hope for the country—(Hear, hear!)
Mr. THELWALL seconded the Resolution in an ela-
borate speech, in which he dwelt upon the power of
the Press in a free country, and the invaluable ad-1
vantamit gave the People, in laying before them the,
reports of public events. It was against such a Press
that the present Ministers and the Loyal Addressers'
were leagued ; but he relied upon the spirit of the
people ultimately defeating all the machinations of
their powerful and remorseless oppressors.
After some further obiervations from Mr. THEL-
WALL upon general political topics, the Resolution
was carried, as well as others returning thanks to the
Independent part of the Press, the Gentlemen who
had promoted this Meeting, the Churchwardens who
had convened it, &v.
The Addritss to the King was also agreed to. The
Petition to the House of Commons was ordered to be
presented by Mr. Wactiads; and the Members for
the 'county of Surrey were requested to support it.
The Ad4ress to the Queen passed with equal IIELli••
raity,—the Meeting broke up at four o'clock.

WiTT;NO AT TATTERS -444:S YET *DAY.

15 to '1 ocit Ogs?Om
as to I &got tnidonee
$4 01. opt. Charm

661111 r. '
16.0 I ajot.Votel
14 to I opt lock
YO t 6.1 apt •Patato4

*A's-
to i asst 111 y Lady 7to apt Emily
7to 1 asst SOW to, Steekrap I 9to 1 apt Zeal
tit! XILAYSINCIAIATOII.—A MILE 114 S MINI7TI3.
Six to four the lian wins.
SPORTING 14.14AAORDINA-Ilio-.—A match, which
stands unprecedented in the annals of sporting, was
decided in ;he Migh-street, Hammersmith, about
theme c'elock last Monday afternoon :—A master
baker, living in the town, had betted a guinea with a
oeighboat, that he and his mastiff would draw his
bread barrow, with twenty quartern loaves in it, a
mile and a half, and do the ground in less time than
pay stag* 'owl that passed through the town (the
baker to have his choice), between one and three
o'clock, provided the horses did not break into a gal-
lop. The baker started against the last coach (the
Blue-eyed Maid), to the infinite amusement of seer-
ral hundred spectators, and surprise of Jarvis, who
was not in the secret, and who determined not to be
beat by what he called an an and a dog, drove on
furiously, but his horns invariably broke into a gal-
lop, when kr was requested to stop nod trot, that'
being the terms of- the agreement. Me good-hu-
mouredly complied, but the ground 'which he so lost 'I
'enabled the baker to get so far a head, that coachee
could not overtake him, and he finally travelled the
ground in a mach shorter time, and won the wager.
Tuesday morning, about nine o'clock, as the Bath
mach was proceeding along the road to Slough,
'When at Colnbrook, the axle of the fore-wheels broke,
by which accident ten outside passengers, and four
inside, were more or less hurt. The coachman was
taken up is a state of insensibility, and one Gentle-
man inside had his face cut, in consequence !if its
being forced through the window; but, among the
whole, no limbs were broken.
Ptak 11111T114101tDISANT I--The auxiliary mail-coich
front London to Exeter, was, on 'Wednesday, dis-
Tvered to be on fire, about a mile from Crewkerue.
o such a height had it gat before it was discovered,
that the bags, ac. were taken out, and forwarded to
(Exeter by chaises, and the vehicle required many
hdurslabour before it was considered fit for travelling.
A kw dips seas a poor woman, In the asighbotnhood of
elltlOodargiote left her child, about six months' old, in the cradle, ,
tor the- trona* some out-door business, and on he;
loam tbr ankat ta•pleats, and almost devoured by a
prrokevs leG wkisbdpooor avenue betmered to pay hog mat.

.~ar.~

130%-1011•1111b1.1X4-suplioiition that-Mr.,C '
alus.ironich Amhassador's ccutrier, was your
three of the horse-patrol, uncle+ the au'
le was a robber, is crroneouc There is
patrol stationed on the Harrow-road„ank
that even he.was off duty on tlie night in
Yesterday, between one and two n'cingi
Sir JOHN LAMURT was attacked .by
numerous gangs of robbers which infest
near the Crown and Anchor-Tavetn.
gaug were observed to matt out Sir-Jot
pet for plunder, by Captain CROsat.EY, wl
to be passing at the time. Shortly- after,
" Stop thief r was raised; but as. Sir Jul
avocations to attend to, he was passing
dering that he Lad anything to do with
hearing it repeated, he looked round, ai
morocco pocket-book in the hand of a
instantly felt his pocket, when he mired
pocket-book, -and then recognized the
pocket-book in the hand of • a lathuring
William Tucker, of Arundel-street, in the

crossing fromPicketticreet, nearly op..
Crown and Anchor, when he saw two men

Sir J. LAKIIIIRT, while onenf them took
pocket-book out of his pocket, and pave
companion, whose name proved to be "
and the latter put this pocket-book ini
Upon this, the act being so very glaring,
seized hold of Carroll by the Says
Mr. Tucker a blow with so couch violence, tl.4zit
loosened some of his teeth: Carroll, in consequence,
escaped from Mr. Tucker, and ran dowu Milford-
lane. Mr. Tucker soon recovered himself, and /so,.
sued Carroll,. calling 4. Stop thiefl" and he was taken
in Esses-street, when Owen Swaney, a hibourin
man, who had seen
_Carroll running away, sliw Sr.
JOMN Lauseafs pocket-book drop at the time. lig
picked it up ; and on its being claimed by Sir Jolly,
he delivered it to him : it contained a £5 Banker
England note, and some papers. A constable was
procured, and Carroll was brought to this Office,
whence he was committed to take his trial at the en.
suing Sessions. Sir JOHN LA masa! spoke very higEy
of the conduct of Owen Swaney, and promised to re.
ward him for his loss of time.

MANSION-HOUSlL—Yesterdayo young Jew, named
iresql, was brought up from the London Workhouse,
under the folloniil circumstances :—The Stiperin•
tendant of the Workhouse stated, that Woolf ap-
plied for relief at the RefuFe on Tuesday night, and
appeared to suffer much from the inclemency of the
weather and hunger. He seas received, and after
having been suppiiel a i,b a meal, toi,k a comfort-
able station amongst the lieloless create: es there. Ile
had not been long in the Asylum, ,vlien in came a
sea faring man, of decent appearance, mho 'said he
had undergone the greatest hardships for the ILA six
or seven dayi about town, in consequence of Jim). '
pointnier.t in two objects, to accomplish which he
had come from Liverpool to London. The Superin- •
tendant administered the necessary *chef to the un-
fortunate applicant, who had scarcely recovered from
the state to which tho severity of the season had re-
duced him, when he made a most extraordinary es- 7
hibition before all around him. He fixed his eye:*
upon-Woolf, who seemed to shrink from-his giance,_
and, seising him by the breast, said, the jew was the
man he had been so long looking for. The Jew es-
deavnured to extricate himself, denied that he knew
anything of the complainant, and appeared as moth
terrified as if he was in the grasp of a madman. In-
deed, the general belief was, that the complainant
was a little troubled in the head; but he soon re-
moved that suspicion, by producing a hand-bill, offer-
ing a reward of twenty guineas to the person who .
should apprehend Woolf; of whose figure and dresa
very particular account was given in the bill; is
which it was stated, that the Jew had stolen a tinbor,
containing money to the amount of 1:184., a Fret-
'mason's certificate, &c. In ,the examination which
tools place before the Lotto Stavnn, the complainant ;
s, that he had come up to London with the vice •
ocietting some prize-money, to which he had cow
cetved htmselfentitled, as well as to look after Wool
who had robbed a very intimate friend of the menu
as stated in the hand:bill. He added, that be had zio A
plied at the N'avy Office, where he found that thew
WAS no prite-naoney due to him. After a search Cl
some days, which proved ineffectual, his last hrthius. -
disappeared, and he was reduced to the necessity of
begging -aid of the Institution. The sailor was scot.
to the Refuge, and the Jew to priton.
GOILDHALL.—David Coffin was folly committeX .
charged with uttering four forged notes, to )jr. .
Haines, a butcher, in Fleet-market. The first*
passed on the 28th ultimo, in payment for a piece.ef •,
beef. On the 30th, he pasied a second, for another •
piece of beef, and obtained change for a third, bi
observing, that he wanted to purchase some trillins
articles, and strangers did not like to give charge;
and the same night he paid the fourth for some mho-:
ton. On Monday' last, Mr. Haines paid them or
Messrs. Jones, in Smithfield, and the next day then,
were returned as forged. While Mr. Haines was
the Bank, on Wednesday, the prisoner went mai.'
and was taken into custody ; and in ping to the.
Compter, a boy picked up another bad note, PP
posed to have fallen from the prisoner. A Bank lan
spector pronounced the notes to be forgeries, and the
prisoner made no defence.

MARRfV
At Zdiaburgb, William Russell, Rs+ Advoeite, to Morgarots
eldest daughter el C. F. Du Fresne,
July 13, at Bombay, Lieutenant-Colonel Hunter Blair, nth
Relent, to Um, eldest daughter of Thomas Morris, Sag.
_ •

DIED.
Dec. 17; it Ayr,. Mrs. 11. Reid, relict of Major S. Dooliuks
Monday,_ in Graftos4treet, Mary, the infant daughter of elfM.
M. W. Ridley. .•
Saturday se'nnigiit, at Alnwick, in consequence of a nail nolo
ming into his foot while unpacking a hogshead of tobacco, wkich
produced a locked-jaw, Mr. Gavin Landells, aged 43. •

MALLS 1111111 alLt..-ERR.
Dublin 0 . 1
Waterford 0 1
Guernsey sal Jersey • 1
Holland 0 3
Flanders . 1 0
Malts 0 0

AIL 11114,'
Lisbbn 0
Franca 0
Hanaburgh 0 S
Gauenburgh 0_
Leeward Wands 0 g

HIGH-WATER at LONDON BRIDGE TOL i4OE ROW.
Morning • - minutes ..ttet'S
Aftetteon it

40N1PON irrlated and published trA
. Tet/0,414,

•ewc *pm, rock*

RS wounded
•
prehension shit
is only a sif)et
indit hap mud
In question.
clokk, General
ry one nf tbnie
'fest the 81-04 19
n. t
Tosta, as an 4 ':
r, who happenti
tter, the. cry . 3
Jolts had tithe
g on, act cot*. if
th the try,
and saw.a
a stranger; be •tl
nired his own
e red mortices
ing man..
the Strand, was I
Ipposite to the
men hustlinif •
Dolt 4ir Josss
rsavi it to his
e WtlljentC.
into his pocket
gig , Mr. Tun* I m
when he gain A
'ioleoce, 0.4*
,n cunsequencs, ..4
down Milford-
