- -- ___ ._ .. _ • ,
- ..
shame , defeats, losses, sad mitfortuties ; that oar Pitenigii oliNirAlt•
AP. nu m,
country has been constantly the theatre of war ; that r
now our standards, united to the French-eagles, fight
Government Ths acts of wan
tea barbarity which the English
Mil siti atnnINAL DI PARIS OF T1M..... 4 _
out of our own territories, and that we only hear
for-
them talked of; to learn the glory with which they.power, date not their
fwar practises Oa flit prisoners whom the
tune has put ia their
commencemento from our time. The Americans, who
are covered; that experience has proved to ds, that
the greatest scourge we can suffer, is to have had
Russian armies in our country. Besides, by the treaty hae
causingl
at length embraced the spirited resolution of
their rights and flag to be respected, still rea
fthe famous hulks at New York, in which Ges
of Tilsit, which you made with the Sovereign of co
France, and the Protector of the Confederation of the neralcClinton heaped by thousands their unfortunate
What was still more horrible, the want
Rhine, .you entered into an engagement to compel countrymen.o,fa.ir,
England to a peace. Peace would have been made, the excessive heat, and the bad quality of their
on a pestilential disorder that carried
had you kept your engagements. Peace alone can
no_
numbers
I oe, brought
of those unfortunate persons, among
give to the Commerce of Germany all its extent. off
were several females, and children of wader,
You alone, therefore, are the cause of prolonging the whom
~ ..
misfortunes of the world. years. In 1,77 a ship, named la Rosiere, was much
" But is it very wise or politic in a Minister to shattered in returning from Port-au-Prince. An
preach up desertion and rebellion to the people against English Captain, who fell in with her at sea, per-
their masters ? Do not such means shew the Mitts• ,
suaded her to refit at Saint- Augustin in Florida.
s 1
tice of your cause, and the weakness of your arms.
• Scarcely had she arrived when the Englishman made
What do you call free resolution ? We make war, as
! th French ship come to moorings under his cannon.
at all times, because our best interests require that we War had not been declared betwixt the two coun-
be against you. You tell us to rise: We are not op. tries, nevertheless the crew of the Rosiere were
ried off, and kept prisoners in the town. A hundred+
car-
pressed or bowed down. It is for you, a nation of ; ,
were
slaves, to rise. We are free men, happy under the i francs promised to the savages for the scalp of
sovereigns who have governed us these 900 years. We .every
wFrenchman whom they should take endeavour-
are not under the fire and sword of a foreigner, c i ing
itno
tesc.
condition, (said M. le Chevalier Achard de 311ao-
•
follow the voice of duty ; we obey the Sovereign :1
vouloir, in a letter to M. de Sartines,) we bare been kept two
we do by that means what we ought, and those who months and a half; at the end of that dme, they sent us to Port-
endeavour to convey into our bosoms the horrors of au-Prince, in a miserable vessel, with a few pounds of biscuit,
baU the p anarchy and civil war, in order to save their own not sufficient for usar .
territory, make a vain, puerile, and criminal calcu-j The Chevalier de _ Bretigny was likewise made pri-
lotion. What! should the Austrian Eagle, the ', soner before the Dechuatien of War, and carried to
Prussian Eagle, the Lion of Bavaria, and the Green ;Saint Augustin.
Ctown of Saxony be the prey of slavery ; and the I
"1 h ssel! (said be, in his letter to the Minister of Marine)
colours of the Cossacks, of the Russians, the Musco- i sixty
forgotten in the space of four days, and left without usy French d to a desert island, shut up in a town,
vices and Tartars, should they be the banners of pa- r '
1 food. They were told, that if they did not agree so falls,
triotism and liberty in Germany ? You tell us of the , either in the regiments that were here in garrison,n or iseit.:
aid you expect from the brave Russians in a condi board tie -
onf at first -fribut thes shouldtilt:Lat as carried into Imm:alate men-
tion to bear arms in a population of fifty millions of
don, and theiunkappy men, to escape from a horrible death,
inhabitants : then let us alone: do not have recourse ,
agreed to serve under the English mbar% I bee* seen them, i
to us, and defend yourselves. But we have heard with tears in their
eyes, sign their agreement, call me to beer
enough of those fine stories; instead of fifty millions ! witness to the violence that was
t n. f themselves,
and nthetm. and entreat
ate
to
clves,
be-
of inhabitants, you have not twenty-five millions, . lmpy t
te in thee
3.
sincerity
dnnunfoi-tof the
.e, Pend could only sigh in silence.
and of these a part so barbarous that they are not to u
(Signed) "The Cuevet.tha De Bit L CLOWN"
be reckoned on ; another part of them must make
It is well known, that last year the Emissaries of
head against the Turks and Persians, and another
the English Government endeavoured to excite the
issuing from the tomb, rise in a mass, and arm them-
selves against you to reestablish their native coun- i
Savages to make incursions into the territory of the
U
try of Poland. If you fight to the last extremity for United States, to massacre the peaceable inhabitantsr
the independence of your country, you do well; but and to scalp the women and children.
that does not say that you fight for our interests, if The inhabitants of Pensylvania have not forgot
we had an the nature of the presents sent by the tribe of the
dare say so,y, the ex opposample of ten years should make site to those of France, and ifou
us ' Sinckas to the King of England, in 1778. The fact
!
see the value we ought to set on your power. But is deserves to be better known than it is.
short, the mountain is in labour, and brings forth a The letter of the Indian, which accompanied these
pr was addd to o mouse. Those Those high sounding phrases end ir. pro-
ve esents,
resse Col nel
Hrnor of Canada, and is here given verbaldimand, ,
atim :
posing to us to desert, and in offering us places in a .. Father—We desire that you would stud over from the other
German Legion. You would wish us to betray our , aide of the water TIIOII2 SCALP/ to the Great King, that be
sovereigns, our country, and our religion, in order to see them, andi slfeehpisin peaces;
and
edsensibbliet of our
serve under your standards ! What a base proposal ! thetdnews terdu cut ounn onn
unpresents hair.: sot.beestn
grateful people. P
When a General, a Minister, has so far disgraced i
(Eigned) " CONCIOGATCHI, Chief of the Sinckas."
himself, as not to blush at such a proposal, one cant
1 Those horrible spoils, which the British Comma•
only have a horrible idea of the morality of his.na. dens received as a trophy worthy of them, were the
tion. Besides, what should we gain in your service ? . sad remains of their brothers of Pensylvania, of New
Do we not know ? Pay, we should receive it in Jersey, of Virginia, and of New-York.
paper; we should be in the most frightful climate in i The enormities practised by the agents of the
the world; we should incur the contempt which at-' Court of St. James in that war, either against the
caches to all foreigners in.the service of Russia. If ! Americans or against the French, would amount to a
you saw for some time your arms prosper, it was to volume. The most wonderful circumstance is, that
the Munichs, the Ostermanns, Scecountrymen of our's, no retaliation was practised on the part of the latter.
that you owed that success. And how did they ter- It has been alleged, that they piqued themselvei upon
minate? by exile into Siberia. Your nation is jea- , the principle of generosity—l rather think it arose
lour of the Germans, and hates them. You have re- from the weakness of the Government, for there is
paid with ingratitude those who. have served you.
' no generosity in suffer;ngsinjuries with impunity ; or
With respect to those unfortunate men whom you in replying by barren seinonstrances, to acts of injus,
have corrupted and debauched by the prospect of a tice and barbarity.
happy lot in the flourishing provinces of your eip..
f It is difficult to reason coolly, in discussing a ques-
pire, what is become of them ? Their confidence iii tion so self-evident—but it is requisite to express oor
your promises has brought on them misery, despair, , indignation, and to expose the absurdity of the re-
and death. 1 proaches of the English Ministry. Were Lord Cos-
" Yost speak of the liberty of Germany; what do tlereagh a man of candour, would not he thus address
you understand by that ? Is it the distribution of the the House of Commons:
Houses of Austria, of Brandebourg, of Bavaria, of 1 44 Gentlemen, some French prisonershave escaped
Wurtemburgh, of Baden, of Hesse, of Saxony, of, from the hulls, others have broken their parole ; this
Westphalia, &c. ? Certainly this is a project on the
is wrong, and contrary to the principles of honour.
part of your Prince very honourable, aneverymoral- ,It is true, our countrymen have set them the exam-
and this is addressed to us, known fbr our attach- i.l
le, but what right have the French to follow it ?
ment to the Sovereigns who have governed us so as not the history of all forrrer times shewn, that
many centuries. Do you mean by liberty the pre. the English may do what they please, and that no
sent you would make us of the Muscovite Code, with one has a right to find fault ? Have not we seized
respect to peasants ? Is it by attaching us to the soil the crews of 150 merchant ships previou! to a decla-
that you would pretend to make us free ? The word
o , ration of war, and are we not always complaining
Liberty is revolting, when coming from your mouths. ; that the enemy have been guilty of a great injustice
How dare they, who treat men like horses, speak thus in making reprisals, and in detaining our countrymen
to the Germans ? who happened to be on the Continent.
46 Baron de Tony !—You wish to revolutionize, to ..Let us remain true to our principles ;we have
make republics 1 It is you, it is that handful of Ger-1 allies, who shed their blood to maintain our commer-
man adventurers, so passionately fond of England, . cial pre-eminence; we grant them the honour of
who would have no rest till you bad put our hinces i fighting by our side, but after all, those Allies are
under the knife of the butchers, till you had burnt , only y Spaniards and Portuguese, and not the sons of '
our towns and villages, destroyed our manufactures, . Old England. If they have the misfortune to be
and, under pretence of giving Liberty to the Ger- I made prisoners, so much the worse for them ; we no
mans, devoted our race to all the horrors of anarchy 1.: longer acknowledge-them, and cannot consent that
44 This Proclamation is to us a new ground for they should rank with that description of prisoners
blessing Heaven fez. the strength and power of sour . who have a right to be exchanged. Such a privi-
Protector ; for it is neither from Dresden, from Mu-1
, : lege can only belong to the English. In admitting
nich, nor Stutgard, that this Proclamation is dated ;
it is net even from an exchange, we have enough of prisoners to release
Berlin or Warsaw ; le i -11
,rises'r all our countrymen and all our allies whom the fate'
you have been driven back into Russia, when you of war has put into the power of the enemy j but
abandon Poland, which you have been unable to de.
I consider that then our hulks would be em and
fend, that you so far forget every feeling of honour ! we woul pty,d so longer have the pleasure of wreaking
and decency, that you have recourse to the pen, and i
i our vengeance upon the defenceless French, for the
to the aid of r.dventwers and miscreants ! There is I loss of our commerce and the ruin of our altunifac-
not an- honest man in the world who would have .
1 turers. It is said we -have broken a capitulation.—
wouldwished to sign such a Proclamation. Such language strange, to dispute with us the privilege we have ac-
have become England, though the Minister, I quired of breaking our word. Did we not capitu-
however, would not have avowed it. We will con- late a; Closter Severn, in presence of a French army,
, elude by giving you our advice. Dread, lest while and did the Minister make any scruple of violating
you are talking of Liberty to the People of Germany, the convention, though signed by a Prince of the
it may pot be given to your slaves, lest it be given to Blood ? Let us not relinquish, I repeal, the princi-
Poland. In tine, be assured that the houses which pies of our forefathers. That only is.injustice which
govern our Countries, more ancient than yours, are militates against our interest. I must nevertheless
more immoveable on. their thrones. The House of
confess, when. I compare the present with former
Russia may perish either by the catastrophies which times, 1 unavoidably experience some Now we
ma.!e Peter perish by the hand of Catharine—Paul
by the hand of ••*• e. But the Houses of Saxon are treated with insufferable arrogance. I dread lest
ofy, you msty one day be compelled to be just, end then,
Bavaria, of Wurtemberg, of Baden, of Hesse according to the predictions ofte great Lord phia-
-1 Darmundt, will suasive your vain menaces. It is hank you will be on the brink of ruin," Those .
, more easy to see Russia return to at state of bar. have read attentively the debates in the Lower House
barisin from which Peter I. made her emerge, than on the 26th of June must perceive this to be a faith.
so see ;hese illoetrious Houses extinguished, or their ful translatiop of the ideas of Lord C.astlereagh,
palaces set in flames by the torches ofheigunda whom though by him more correctly ea d.
the Baron de Toll,• wishes to stir up against their If any principle of homer yet exist in the hire* Sovereigns, and their crollptrYs rind a h
ci --; *ll-.l°nl bl if. of EnsPlith let theta answer our call, satilet ill*
tx---• ,
the cr8.4... .
• ,
