WM): )N.

TUESDAY, NI
PRICE OF STOCKS
Bank Stock 9131 14 13 a:
3 per Cent. Red. po;
3 per Ct. Owbo. Pia j
3, pet Ct. 181 P, 99j
3j per Ct. Red. 99i
4 per Cent. 1031 j
4 per Ct. 1826, 105 j a
Lott-Ann. 19 13-16th. j
India Stock

)'EMBER 17.
AT TWO 0 CLIICIC
India Bonds 49 70
Old Annuities 901
New Do. 911
£lOOO Rich. Bills (2c1.) 7 56
8500 Ditto 75 6
£3OO and £2OO Ditto 75 6
Commercial.
Bank for Acct.
Cons. for Do. 911

FOREIGN FUNDS, TWO O'CLOCK.
Brasil Bds. spr Ct. 67 Do B. 1825, 6 p
Do. Ace. 674 Ditto Arc. 224 1
Milian Bd.. 6 per Ct. 231 Ditto 100,224
Colotn. Bd.. 6 per Ct. Perim. Bd.. 6 p C. 154
Do. Ace. SI Do Acct.l44
Danish 11.1.. S r. Ct. Port. Bds. 5 p. Ct.
Ditto Acct. 734 Ditto Acct. 51 504
Greek Bonds, 5 p Ct. Rue. Ms. 1822, 5 p Ct. 1061 7
Do. 8da.1825. 5 prCt. 27 61 Do. Ace. 1011 61 7
Ditto Acct. 261 7 Sp. Bds. 5 per Ct. 91 1:
Itlesican Bds. 5 per Cent. Neapol. Bds. 5 pr Ct. 94
BRITISH AND FOREIGN SHARES, TWIT lE('IACK.
WADI PAID. MD MAIM
Brasilia . Imp. pas. 45 pm.) 35 20 72 75
Da. National 25 10 111 161
Columb. (isa. at XS pm.) 106 55 5
United Hies, pm at .E 1 pin.) 40 X9l 131
Provincial iank of Ireland 100 25 221
We publish, in another part of our Paper, the answers
in Chancery—put in on affidavit—of Sir HERBERT
TAYLOR and CHARLES MOLLOY WESTMACOTT, to the
bill filed against them by Captain GARTII, for the re-
covery of the BOX of LETTERS, of which those par-
ties, but more -especially the first named, are seeking to
dispossess him. It will be recollected, that according to
the most extraordinary deposition of Captain GARTH,
this box was described to contain a deeply interesting and
elucidatory correspondence relative to his own birth and
parentage—all original holographs, confirmed even by
the signatures of illustrious names. How it came into
the hands of Captain GARTH, does not seem a necessary
enquiry here ; but it has been urged against him, that
he obtained possession of it during the dangerous illness
of General GARTII..--" his natural, or reputed fa-
ther"—and abAmcted it, when the General was
not in a condition to remonstrate. However this may
be, we are of opinion that it does not affect in any
manner the question at issue : moreover, we conceive
that nobody has so great a right—because nobody has so
great an interest—to possess this box, as Captain
GARTH.

We do not mean to make a very long story of the
business ; but the history of the suit in Chancery may
be soon told. Captain GARTH, who—hy the light of the
before-mentioned documents—bad discovered the deep
mystery of his palatial origin, felt or fancied
that he was not supported in a style commensurate
with the required concealment *of his criminal, but
splendid derivation. He made preparations, therefore, t
counteract the evil fortune to which he was thus impru-
dently abandoned, by giving publicity to the romantic
secret, of which this litigated box is now said not to be
the only depositary. When, however, it was perceived
by the high parties interested, that the gallant Captain
was determined to speculate upon, by divulgation
rather than suppress, unprofitably —the consan-
guineous promiscuity from which it has been
insinuated that he sprung, a negociation for the
surrender of these priceless writings was instituted
without delay. The Chancery papers, which are now
before the world, will explain the rest. The highest sum
offered to Captain GARTH for the documents—through
the agency of Sir HERBERT TAYLOR, and not din-
voed by Sir HERBERT—Was ten thousand pounds in
money, besides an annuity of three thousand pounds.
All that we can say, in dismissing this extraordinary
case, is, that we think it a pity, where SUPPRESSION
would have been cheapat any sacrifice, that there should
have been higgling in such an unmentionable matter.
Those who ought to have purchased secrecy at any
cost—have thus left to the curious in scandal the rich
treat of luxuriating in exalted personalities.

Although we have not heard that any decisive step has
been actually adopted by Ministers to counteract the de-
signs of Spain on Mexico, we are highly gratified to per-
ceive that our efforts to call public attention, and more
especially, that of the Press to this subject, have been
attended with the desired success.

The article in the Times of this morning, though so cau-
tiously put together, proves that our contemporary is not
insensible to the importance of the Mexican question.
The case cited relative to our having prevented a com-
bined attack of the Columbian and Mexican Go-
vernments on Cuba, is worthy of particular at-
tention, and furnishes a powerful commentary on the
pusillanimous doctrines which continue to be preached
about " non-interference :" doctrines which mark
more than any other sign of the times, the tendency of
a great nation t degeneracy and decay.
While we are not, any more than the Times, favourable
to that kind of interference which would lead to " em-
barrasment and mischief,"—we would ask our contempo-
rary, whether such a measure as we have proposed in
the present instance, has not been of frequent recurrence
in all ages ? The truth is, when we determined to ac-
knowledge the new States, wisdom and sound policy
dictated that some arrangements should have been en-

tered into for guaranteeing the integrity of the territories

regnised. and governments thus co neglecting this,
we left the door open to those intrigues which have not.
merely encouraged internal anarchy, hut those machina-
tions of the Mother Country, which have rendered both
the Act of Recognition, and" the Commercial Treaties
subsequently made, as nesting' yo the States, as they
have been unprofitable tUmusilless. •
Neutrality," says the.ti" may be of two kinds
—viz. an absolute forbearailoe Nm intermeddliag on

either side, or an interference equally favourable to both
The case above alluded to, of protecting the Haven-
nah for Spain, when that important settlement was
in danger from the Mexicans and their allies,
could be no otherwise rendered consistent with the
obligations of an honourable and upright neutrality on
the part of England, than by her formally announcing
to FERDIN AN D, that as she had preserved Cuba for
him, so would she protect Mexico against him, and pre-
vent him from prolonging within the new state, a condi-
tion of things no less incompatible with domestic order
and prosperity, than with the interests of British in-
dustry and commerce."
We fully coincide in the propriety and force of these
remarks, and we trust Ministers will forthwith act up to
the suggestions of our contemporary. This was pre-
cisely the object we had in view when we took up the
Mexican question : the necessity and justice of
the measure we then proposed, is so clear and unequi-
vocal, that nothing but the greatest ignorance, and obsti-
nacy combined, could for a moment, approve or advocate
a different course.

The Allgetneine Zeitung of the 11th inst. received this
day, informs us, that great activity is observed in the Fo-
reign Department of the Russian capital. We are like-
wise led to infer from the article in question, that the

Emperor NICHOLAS—losing hope of recovering the
enormous sum he has demanded of the Sublime Porte as an
indemnity—is willing to come to an accommodation with
the Ottoman. Such an accommodation !—the occupation
of the Principalities to be dispensed with, so that the
Porte may levy contributions from them ; and that the
Russian troops shall take possession of Trebisonde " till
the PORTE shall have discharged its obligations " This
is " moderation" with a vengeance 1, " Trebisonde"—
we are very coolly told—" is of great importance to
the trade of the Black Sea ; and the place itself is of

great consequence in a military view, as it can either
facilitate or obstruct the communications with the
Asiatic provinces; whereas the occupation of the Prin-
cipalities is of little advantage to Russia"--and then we
are most unblushingly told that their occupation " may

....
be speedily and easily effected again, if the PORTS
should not perform its engagements." We have
next some talk about the fate of Greece ; and
We told that "His MAJESTY the EII,PEROR, and the

whole Imperial family, take a warm interest in the

Greeks ;
.and nothing will be omitted on their pert to
secure the future prosperity of that people." Nobody

doubts it; the EMPEROR will take care to "omit no-
thing" to have the whole of Greece under his own
domination. Already has be made the Principalities
" his wash-pot ;" and it is no difficult matter for him

now " to throw his shoe" over Greece.

FRONTIERS OF RUSSIA, Om. 25.

Extraordinary activity is observed in the foreign department of
St. Petenburgh. The Vice-Chancellor, Count Nesselrode, is
engaged almost every day with the foreign Ambassadors, and
afterwards gives a detailed report to his Majesty. who pays the
greatest attention to the internal and external affairs of his Empire.
and every measure of general importance Is maturely etamined by
his Majesty before it is carried into effect. The tranquil con-
ferences which take place in the Foreign Office are said to have
been caused by several friendly representations made by the Courts
of France and England in favour of the Porte, and it is conjectured
that the efforts of those two Powers will induce theEmperor,not only
to consent to a reduction of the military contribution for the es-
ponces of the war, but also to mate a change in the stipulations
relative to the military occupation of part of the Turkish territory.
Though the military occupation of the principalities of Moldavia
and Wallachia is among the stipulations of the Treaty of Adria-
nople, it is affirmed that a change may perhaps be made, and ano-
ther security accepted for the payment of the Contribution by the
Porte. The Russian Cabinet will prove. in every particular, that
it was in earnest in the principles of moderation which it announced
at the commencement of the war with the Porte, and that
it will abide by them so long uit is treated with the re.
specs due to its conduct, and no fresh grounds for complaint arise.
It is therefore not improbable that the occupation of the princi-
palities may be dispensed with, and that in its stead a fortress on
the Black Sea (it is supposed Trebisonde) will be given up to the
Russian troops till the Porte shall have discharged its obligations.
This arrangement, if it should be carried into effect, would be ex-
tremely advantageous to the Sultan, as he would, in consequence,
sooner receive the tribute to be paid to him by the principalities,
and be thereby better able to provide for the regular pay
mast of the instalments to Russia. On the other hand,
' Russia would obtain a more important pledge for the observance
of the treaties concluded with the Porte, for the possession of the
harbour of Trebisunde, is of great importance to the trade of the
Black Sea ; and the place itself is of great consequence in a mill.
tary view. as keen either facilitate or obstruct the communications
with the Asiatic provinces. and its strength has been tried during
the war; whereas the occupation of the Principalities is of little
advantage to Russia, and may be speedily and easily effected again
if the Porte should not perform its engagements.
The fate of Greece, which is now to be decided in
the conferences at London, is also a subject of discos-
sion at Saint Petersburg, and there is reason to hope that the
Greek nation will soon enjoy its regeneration, and that the new
State will obtain such an extent of territory as is necessary fee its
security, and the development of its powers. For his Majesty the
Emperor, and the whole imperial family, take a warm interest in
the Greeks, and nothing will be omitted on their part that can con-
tribute to secure the future prosperity of that people. The mounts
received from the interior of Russia respecting the harvest are very
favourable, and the summer in the west of Europe bad been
very unpropkious, though the harvest indifferent. It le expected
that, peace being restored, there will be a great ex-
portation of corn from the modern provinces et the Russian
empire. The temporary absence of his Imperial Highness, the
Grand Duke Constantine, from Warsaw. which is caused entirely
by the ill health of his consort, has been spoken of In a meet sin-
gular manner by many of the French Journals, and other reasons
assigned for it; but it is certain that there is not a syllable of truth
In all that the French Journals think at to say of the situation
of that prince.-411greseirte Moog, Na. 11.

That the Duke of WBLLINGTON is a very good hater
of free Constitutions, and that he will do all he dares
to uphold the Despots of the Earth against their
injured subjects, may be considered as certain as that
he is a man of strong fingers and good nerves.—
That he has willing, tools in Lord ABERDZILI and
Mr. Putt. is alsO notorious, and another member
of this liberal Cabinet, Lord Bs arsroan, was actually
detected corresponding with the prime Counsellor
of the perjured rebel, ?thous'. The fact was de-
nounced before the House of Commons, and the corre-

spondence put an end to by the Duke's order, to allay the
national disgust. Of the disposition, therefore, of our Go-
vernment to acknowledge the Usurper--who owes his
throne mainly to British influence—there can be little
doubt. But that they would venture upon such a step
before they have felt the pulse of Parliament, parti-
cularly when a motion of inquiry into their past
conduct relative to Portugal has been formally
announced, would argue a greater contempt of
the " Honourable House" than is altogether con-
sistent with his Grace's acknowledged generalship,
or his reputed force. At the conclusion of the last
campaign, his ranks were very weak, and his ar-
tillery ill served. But he has had plenty of
time and means to recruit his strength, and
if he opens the contest by recognising an Usurper, on
whom his colleagues have exhausted all the offensive epi-
thets that reluctant Toryism ever wielded against her
naughty children, it will be telling the country very
plainly that he holds its best feelings, and the lungs of
the Legislative at open defiance ; and what is worse, all
this without any adequate object': which is not likely.
Not so the Panes—the object there is very plain in-
deed. Ml* vE r, has had his papers as well as his friends
at work. British newspapers have avowedly upheld this
murderous and rebellious wretch, and have dared to vilifyhis
unfortunate victims ; and no doubt the inducement to such
a villainous course must have been potent and substantial.
But there are other Papers, who act for the Go-

vernment—or .for merchants, or any one who will
pay—the part of feelers, or teasers of the public mind :
who first broach the monstrous topic as an "on
dit," and then gradually arrive at the advocacy
of that which—at first sight—would have shocked and
outraged their readers. Over these papers, the awakened
country is now keeping watch.

PARIS, Nov. 12...N0, the idea of violence is not
altogether abandoned. The calm and imposing attitude

of a great nation has not opened the eyes of two or three
political agitators, ready to risk the future fortunes of the
monarchy against their influence of a day. It is extra-
ordinary to dream, in the midst of profound peace, of
force. But against whom is it to be employed ? Against
the most calm, faithful, and devoted people of the earth ?

To speak of charging bayonets against ideas, or of an at-
tack by cavalry on doctrines, and to express all this in the
Phrase—now we are sure of the troops. To us it ap-
pears an outrage to our soldiers, to proclaim as a discovery
the certainty of their devotedness to the throne. We
have never doubted their fidelity, which may be a pledge
of our own. To have recourse to force, there must be

resistance ; to draw up the soldiers in order of battle,
there must be an enemy. The day that the Ministry
should lay their sacrilegious hands on the Constitutional
Charter, there would be no disturbance : the people will
wait in the bitterness of grief till a few weeks of anarchy
put an end to the existence of the Ministry, and do jus-
tice to the few men who support it. Anarchy will be the
result of such conduct; anarchy without glory; the sacri-
fice of all our liberties in one year; the censure and im-
prisonment, without Friedland and Marengo. But you
calumniate the army. GOD be thanked, France is not
yet treated as a conquered country by her own children.
She will not, for the behoof of M. de la Bourdonnaye
and M. de Bourmont, barter payee for violence, the rub
of the laws for that of arbitrary power, and liberty for
slavery.—Journal des Debats.
PARIS, Nov. 13.-LAST INSULT 'TO FRANCE.—M.
4e la Bourdonnaye has just officially declared that France
was accused of being mad, that it was necessary to pro-
ceed to its interrogation, and that, after its insanity had
been ascertained by its votes, to place it in a state of
wardship, and, no doubt, appoint it a guardian ; that is to
say, an absolute master.
The doctors called in on this occasion, by the Grand
Doctor Bourdonnaye, are such sages as Messrs. Mangin,
Cotta, and others of the same power and wisdom.

But if there are some persons who require protection,
are they not those madmen who drag the dignity of power
into the mud, who know no other language than that of
sabres, who can resolve the difficulties which arise in their
proceedings only by the arguments of brute force, and
also threaten to oppose the black balls of the ballot by
those of grape-shot ?—Cosztitartionne/.
The Ministerial Journals• eagerly announced that the
United States had received Don Miguel's Envoy. But
the Government of that country recognizes all Sovereigns
the moment local resistance to them ceases. It never
troubles itself about questions of legitimacy. This is a
singular instance to be quoted by the champions of legiti-
macy, who have no apprehensions from violating, in the
case of Portugal, all its principles.—Journal des Debats.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.—His Royal Highness PrinceWlL-
LIAY of PRUSSIA, the KING'S brother, and Lieut. CAR-
LOWITZ, are discharged from their functions as Governor
and Vice-Governor of Mayence, and the latter is ap-
pointed Governor of Breslaw. General Baron M urr-
LING, who is expected here by the 16th, is appointed
Governor of Mayence.
An improvement in the silk trade was manifested in
Macclesfield, Congleton, and neighbourhood last week.
The throwsters were fully employed, hands were scarce,
and wagei rather on the advance. At Norwich orders
for goods have just been received that will employ a large
number of the manufacturing population for some weeks.
Peter Lake, landlord of the Blue Anchor public-hoosei
Bunbill-row, was convicted on Saturday last, in the mi-
tigated penalty of 201. before the Board of Excise, for
having treacle in his possession. The full penalty is 2001.
The following correspondence between the Roman Ca-
tholic Clergyman, who desires his name not to be men-
tioned in print, and lard FRANCIS LIVE/lON GOWER
will, no doubt, attract some attention. It appears that
1001. has been restored to the Treasury through the in-
strumentality of the Priest :
My Lord,—ln the diseharp of my duties u a Roman Catholic
Clergyman, I bad that the sum of ilOO belongs to his Majesty's
Government. Thlusum dull be delivered up to your Lordship,
at any time it may sok year convenience to appoint, by. my Lord,
your Lordship's most obedient humble servant,
Nov. 1, 1120, atapel House,

Dublin Castle, 6th Nov. 18210.
114—I have to acknowledge the receipt of year later, dated the
Ist instant. stating that you are ready to deliver to me a cam of
Am, which, in the discharge of your dolmas a Roman Catholic
Clergyman, you And belongs to his Majesty's Government, and I
beg to acquaint you that the proper coons will be to &as that
men in the Bank of Ireland, to the credit of the Teller of the
Racheqesr, and I am to mum it may be lodged, when comm.
shut, in the Bank accordlagly.—l am, Sr, your meat obedient
sanest,GOWEß.
Rev. House,
Received foe the Teller the Exchequer 11100, for which I
premise to be accountable.
For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, £lOO.
JOHN BARRY.
