TAXES AND TITNES.

Mr. INOLEBY preser7tedaireatlin from farmers in Lincolnshire
for a reduction of taxes and tithes. _ _ _ _

Mr. HUMS said that the country was anxious to know what kind
of relief the Government meant to give the country. It was impos-
sible that the farmers could raise the wages of labour with their ex.
isting burdens; and there were only two ways that Ministers could ad-
minister relief—that was a vast reduction of taxation, or by taking off
the corn laws. The country effected something great at the hands of
Government; and not to be doling out little trifling measures as had
been the case with the late Government.

Mr. CURTIS approved of the sentiments expressed by the hon.
member Me Middlesex.

Mr. RUTHVEN remarked that the oppression of the agricul-
tural interest was, he feared, beyond the reach of Parliament to
amend. He had beard it stated that in one district the farmer, besides
his rent, was burdened with 21. an acre of rates and taxes ; and it wu
impossible that ids land at that rate could remunerate him.
Mr. LEADER was surprised that measures had not been devised
in the counties to find employment for the labourers. When Ire-
land was in a state of insurrection, it bad been found that providing
employment for the peasantry had been more effectual in restoring them
to peace than the most rigorous measures that had previously been
adopted.
Petition ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHTSON presented a petition from Hull, praying for a
repeal of the house and window taxes.—Lid on the table.
Mr. HODSON presented • petition from Bellingham, in Sussex,
praying for Parliamentary Reform and vote by ballot.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.
Lord MORPETH presented forty.6ve petitions for the abolition of
slavery; and a vast number of petitions were presented by other hon.
members for tile same purpose.
Mr. BRISCOE presented four petitions from parishes in Surrey for
the abolition of slavery.
Sir ROBERT BATESON presented two similar petitions from
Lisburn.

Mr. S. LULU LEY presented a similar petition from Mansfield.
Mr. 8. RICE presented two petitions from Galway, for the admission
of Catholics to the freedom of the corporation.
Mr. CAMPBELL presented a petition from Cupar, for the abolition
of slavery.
Mr. ADRAN presented two similar petitions from parishes in Cam.
bridgeshire.
Mr. BROWNE presented two petitions from parishes in Mayo, pray.
ing that all money granted for education in Ireland might be given to
Catholics as well as Protestants.

The house adjourned to Monday, at a quarter past nine o'clock.

LAW REPORTS.

COURT OF JUNO'S BENCH, Ditc. 2.

BRACE AND WITS V. SMALL AND LINO.
This action was brought to recover damages for the expenses the
plaintiff, who is 3 music-seller in Newport.atreet, bad been put to, in
consequence of his wife having been run over by a gig, which the de-
fendants were driving very rapidly down Regent-street.
A Life Guardsman said he was at the earner of New Burlington.
street, in March last. He saw two persons coming along in a gig;
they were driving very hard down Regent-street. He called out, good
00D, pull up ; you'll be over that lady and gentleman t" They took
no notice, and flogged the horse. I did not know the lady and gen-
tleman at the time, but have since learned that it was the plaintiff and
his wife. Immediately after I spoke, the lady and gentleman were
knocked down. I picked up the lady ; she was very much hurt, and
the blood was flying about. The gig went over her. Mrs. R was
senseless. I stopped the horse, but they kept on whipping it, and I
still kept my hold. Both young men were tipsy. The lady was taken
to a chemist's shop. The plaintiff afterwards came out, and got into
the gig to see if he could find out where they lived. The defendants
asked him to go to a friend's house.
Mr. P. Chignon, a chemist, in Regent-street, deposed to the lady
being brought to his shop, and that a surgeon was sent for.
Mr. Mayo, a surgeon, in George-street, Hanover-square, was pass-
ing at the time the accident occurred. Attended the lady. Het
shoulder was dislocated, her thigh bruised, and her eyebrow cut. Re-
ceived two guineas for my services.
Another surgeon proved that he attended Mrs. Brace rather better
than a month, and that she was confined to her bed dnring that period.
Mr. Wayte. —Saw the defendant Small and another person the day
the accident occurred at my house in Burlington-street. They were all
much excited, and I refused to tell Mr. Brace where Small resided. I
saw Mr. Brace next day, and told him Small lived in Thavies Inn.
Lord TENTZADEN observed there was no evidence against King;
the jury would say, therefore, what damages Small ought to pay for the
expenses the plaintiff had been put to.
The jury immediately returned a verdict against Small, Damages 201.

TUZ ICING T. TAYLOR AND OTHER&
This was an indictment against the defendants for assaulting and
falsely imprisoning a Mrs. Davis.
From the evidence of Mrs. Davis it appeared that she and her hus-
band occupied a cottage In the neighbourhood of Uxbridge, which was
claimed l two parties, one of whom, a person named Harman, who
was one defendant in the present action, came, accompanied by Taylor,
who is a constable, on the 86th May last, and forcibly ejected witness
sad her hashand. Taylor also handcuffed them, and placed them in
the cage at Uxbridge.
Upon crowexamination by Mr. Messiest, the witness admitted,
that on the occasion of the defendant's calling at her cottage, gin was
sent for; but she denied that while going to Uxbridge she hung upon
Tayloisarm, or that she danced or sung on the say. She admitted,
however, that they had beer on the road, but she denied that she was
tipsy ; she
also admitted that her husband indicted the defendants at
the Sessions, when they were fined 101.
Lord TZNTRIDIX suggested to Mr. Thessiger, that it would be ad-
visable in him to accept of a verdict of guilty against the defendants;
and the Court would take care they were nut punished severely upon a
second indictment for the same offence.
Mr. Tuessioaa acceded to the suggestion of the Court, and the Jury
returned a verdict of Guilty against the defendants.
Mr. THZIIIIOEII prayed the Court to pass judgment upon the de-
fendants then.

The Court having, by a late Act of Parliament, no power to do so.
Lord TENTEIDEN declined doing so, but said the judgment of the
Court should be merely nominal.

EDWARDS V. ERATTEL.
This wu an action upon a Bill of Exchange for 161. It appearing,
however, that the date of the bill was altered after its acceptance by the
defendant, and without his consent, the Court directed a nonsult.

Sunday morning, about nine o'clock, a woman of the
town. who wee drank, and NW% s diessebesee In the streets, was
taken into enstedy by one ti the semeislise, sod Wsd In Delieara
In a shirt ihne after she had been dot up, she eln.mj the keeper by
bee violent shrieks, whew it was dheevered that het she, had taught
Are, and she was enveisped is awe. The wilimerneate Irma war
dreadhillm butst bete die imam riewe ex!htplehed 111 w was Meese.
dimly am to *A h***l7 where sin eat Ow mew
belonged to blase-rewre, sad sae enly yews of age.gore oi,
other prisoners in the rem whose site was cendued.....Lberpes now,.
