SALES BY AUCTION.

At the Custom House, in Sandwich, on Wednesday the 21st,
and two following Days of this instant August, at Two o'Clock
in the Afternoon,
I'HE FOLLOWING GOODS, VIZ.
For Private Use,
133 Gallons Cenova-51 Gallons Spirits of Brandy
Scwt. 2grs. Raw Coffee—scwt. Annum)
12cvvt. 2qrs. Raw Cotton
The broken-up Hull and Materials of a Lugger.
About 1400 Gallons Geneva for Private use, and part of legal
Strength for Dealers.
80 Gallons Spirits of Brandy-6 Ditto Wine
6 ewt. 2 qrs. Cotton-2 qrs. 4 lbs. Turkey Stone.
A Ulmer burthen 7i Tons, and Materials; two Boats with
their Materials.
2 lbs. Raw Coffee
Fur Exportation,
13 Pair Leather Gloves
3 Do. French Silk Stockings
2 Bandanna Silk Handker-
chiefs
14 Silk Shawls
2 Pieces of Silk

32 Handkerchiefs
187 Galls. Grileva
13 Ditto Brandy
13 Ditto Spirits of Brandy
3 Ditto Rum
10 Oz. Nutmegs
10 Do. Cloves
14 Do. Mace

VALUABLE FREEHOLD MANORS, ADVOWSONS, and I
ESL-AI-ES, CAMBRIDGESHIRE and SUFFOLK.
By Mr. PEYTON,
At G.arraway's Coffee-house, Change-alley, Cornhill, on Frlday,
the 30th August, 1811, at Twelve o'Clock,
THE
very Valuable and most desirable FREE-
HOLD ESTATES, part of them Tithe-free, in the fel-
lowlrg Lots :
Lot 1. The Manor of Withersfield, with the perpetual Ad-
vowsort of the Rectory of Withersfield, together with a most
valuable Estate, nearly in a ring-fence, situate in the parishes of
Withersfield and Haverhill, in the county of :tiffolk ; comprising
three very respectable Faun-houses, (one of which may be con-
verted into a Gentleman's residence at a small expence), with
proper Offices of every description, and upwards of IWO Acres
of inclosed and open Field, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land,
to the occupation of Messrs. biggs, Siggs, jun. Westrop,
others, and about 240 Acres of magnifice., oods in hand.
Lot 2. The Manor of Shardlelows Allingcon, in the parish of
Shudycamps, in the county of Cambridge, and a very improveable
Estate ; comprising a respectable Farm-house and proper Offices,
with nearly 260 Acres of inclosed and open Field, Arable, Mea-
dow, Pasture, and Wood Land, in the occupation of Messrs.
Ew in, Wedge, and others, and 12 Acres of Wood in hand.
Lot. 3. The Manor of Borough Green, with the Perpetual
Advowsnn of the Reeteiry thereof, and a very valuable Estate, in
the parishes of Borough Green and Westley, in the county of
Cambridge; comprising several respectable Farm-houses and
Homesteads, an} about 680 Acres of arable, meadow, and pas.
cure Land, in a rini;-fence, in the occupation of Messrs. Fletcher,
Wells, and others, and about 140 Acres of Wood Land in hand.
Lot 4. The Manor of Westley, and a most desirable Estate,
in the parish of Westley, in the County of Cambridge; comprising
a very excellent Owl 'ling-h( use ntwly erected, tit for the resi-
dence of a genteel fancily, with capital Offices belonging thereto,
two Farm-houses and Offices, and upwards of 2100 Acres of ara-
ble, tneackw, and pasture Land, in the occupation of Messrs.
Wedge, Lyles, and others, and 67 Acres of Wood Land in hand.
Lot 5. A Perpetual Rent Charge or Annuity of £lOO, most
amply secured on a Freehold Estate, in Cambridgeshire.
The above Estates, abounding with Game, are let to most re-
spectable tenants at will, who will shew their respective farms.
They are situate near to Cambridge and Newmarket, in a most
delightful country, intersected by good roads, and are distant
from London about .50 miles.
Specifications may be obtained 28 days before the sale, by ap-
plication at the Angel, Bury St. Edmund's ; Hoops, Cambridge ;
Ram, Newmarket; King's I lead, Norwich; White Horse, Ips-
wich ; Joseph Butcher, Esq. Cambridge"; Edward Weatherby,
Esq. end Mr. Rogers, Newmarket; Chester Fern, Esq. Abing-
ton, near Linton; Charles Wedge, Esq. Westley Bottom, near
Newmarket ; of Messrs. Woodcock and Bateman, Lincoln's Inn ;
and at Mr. James's Office, New Boswell Court, Lincoln's Inn,
Lyndon.

SPALDING, LINCOLNSHIRE.
By Messrs. ALBIN and HANDLEY,
At the White Hart Inn, in Spalding, in die county of Lincoln, on
Tuesday, the 8d day of September next, between the hours of
four and six o'Clock in the Afternoon, (subject to such condi-
tions as shall be then and there produced) in the following Lets :
Lot I. A Capital MESSUAGE or MANSION-
-I—v HOUSE, with a Coach-house, Stable, and other
convenient attached and detached Offices thereto belonging, toge-
ther with an extensive and substantial range of Buildings wherein
a Stiam Engine was lately erected ; and also four Oatmeal and
Oil Mills, with all other requisite and useful machinery fur car-
rying on the said business, and which also contain a Coal and
Coak Oven, with large and commodious Granaries and Store-
houses, together with two Gardens and Paddock adjoining, con-
dining in the whole abouti four acres of rich Land, in the tenure
or occupation of Mr. Robt. Ayre.
This Lot is eligibly situate on the West aide of the river Wel-
land, which falls into the sea about 8 miles north-cast of the town
of Spalding, communicating with the port of Boston, and the ca-
pital market towns of Peterborough and Stamford, and well
worthy the attention of merchants, millers, oil crushers, or any
persons who are engaged in business requiring room and extra-
siveand substantial buildings.
Lot S. Two Tenements, with the Gardens thereto adjoining,
on the east aide of the River Welland, in the several tenures or
occupations of Jane Haynes and Robert Walker.
Lot 3. Two Tenements or Dwelling-houses, with the Gardens
thereto adjoining, on the West side the Westroad Drain, in the
several tenures or occupation of Henry Snart and Val. Enderby.
Lot 4. An Allotment Piece or Parcel of rich Arable Land,
lying in the Jourdans, in Spalding Fen, in the tenure or occupa-
tion of John Barlow, and containing about 25 Acres.
Lot S. A Messuage or Dwelling-house, in the Market-place, '
In Spalding, capable of being converted into a Shop, and desirably
situate for either business or a private residence, and DOW in the
tenure or occupation of Miss Ann Robinson.
Lot 6. A Messuage or Dwelling-house also situate in the Mar-
ket-Places immediately adjoining the last Lot, consisting of a
4 large commodious Shop, eligibly situate for business, sod now in
the tenure or occupation of Miss Esther Goulson.
The whole of the above Lots are Freehold, except Lot 2, which
. is Copyhuld, of the Manor of Spalding:
The respective tenants have received notice to quit at Lady-
day next, and will shew the premises.
Printed particulars may be had on arplication to Messrs Foster
and Bonner, Mr. Dinham, Solicitors; and Messrs: Albin and
Handley, Auctioneers, Spalding; Messrs. Handley and Pearson,
Sltaford; Messrs. Barnard and Cadd, Gainsborough ; Mr. John
Langwith, Grantham; or Messrs. Lamb and Nicholson, 26,
Prince's-street, Mansion-house-meet, London, where a Plan of
Lot I,nsay be seta.

, • ADVICE. I
WHEN Men of Education and professional skill i
use persevering endeavours to discover the most safe and i
certain method of treating a few prevailing Diseases, the success-'
ful result of their experience is the best proof of superiority.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. Surgeons, have been induced to make
the cure of the following the object of their particular study, viz.
a certain Disorder, frequently contracted in a mument of intoxi- I
c..tion, and its concomirants, strictures and Gleets, which, by
an improved plan, are speedily and effectually cured ; as also de-
bility, whether arising from Bacchanalian indulgences, long resi-
dence in warns climates, or a secret solitary vice, too often un-
happily pursued by the youth of both sexes, In the one causing
sterility or barrenness, and in the other a numerous train of nee.
vous diseases, which, if not timely remedied, terminate in Im.
potence and Consumption. In that distressing state of debility of
deficiency, whether the consequence of such baneful habits, or
arising from any other cause, by which the powers of the consti
tution become enfeebled, as re.t'ularly educated S.,rgeons of Lon-
don, they offer a firm, safe, and speedy restoration to sound and
vigorous health.
The result of a long and extensive practice has enabled than,
by a superior method, to remove venereal complaints, however
inveterate or complicated, without subjecting the patient to
the least restraint in diet or exercise ; and in recent Cases
where an early application is made on discovery of the infection,
they frequently perform a cure in the short space of two days.
The unprecedented success of their mode of treatment (which
has never been known to fail in one single Instance in a prac-
tice of 15 years, during which period many thousand persons
of both sexes have been cured, even after severe and injurious
methods had been pursued by other Practitioners without effect),
induces them to thus publicly offer their advice.
Messrs. GOSS and Co. exclusively professing the cure of these
particular complaints, in order that they may not be marked by
a mistaken few, with the obloquy so justly attached to the igno-
rant empiric, think it but justice to themselves to state, that they
have been properly educated and initiated into every branch of
the profession (certificates of which, from different hospitals, and
testimonials from the most eminent Physicians, they have to con-
vince any inquirer), that the success resulting from their endea-
vours first induced them to quit t..e practice of the general Pros-
•it loner, and they presume that their pretensions constitute a fair,
ground for the unprecedented eonfidence with which they have,
by the public, been so liberally honoured. •
Patients in the country are requested to state the particulars
of their case, age, And manner of living, inclosing a Bank Now
for advice and medicines, and the same will be forwarded to any
part of the kingdom.—LOSS and Cu. Surgeons, 13, Burma,
street, Fleet-street. .

CHALLENGE.
MESSRS. CURRIE and Co. Surgeons, late in hip
Majesty's Service, challenge the wnole world to prove a
single instance where their Medicine and method of cure have
failed of the desired effect. The practice of many years In this
particular branch of their profession has not given rise to one
unsuccessful case.

They continue to direct their studies to the treatment and cure
of Venereal Complaints, and that derangement of the system,
which is the consequeuce of the pernicious and wasteful effects of a
habit long and most unhappily pursued by the youths of both sexes,
in the one it will be found to be the unfailing source of burren-
ness ; the other have its ravages fatally developed to them by a dis-
tressing state of debility, which, if not timely remedied, terminals*
!n impotence. These are its remote and ukiniate efft"cts, while con-
sumptions,kms of muscular power, and various nervous complaints
usually characterise the earlier stages of this solitary vice. Of per-
sons languishing under the disorders incident to such a habit, their
treatment is simple and has never proved unsuccessful, in the
course of a long, laborious, and much extended practice. In the
most obstb cite and complicated cases of venereal infection, Rich
as obstructions in the urethra, s, tangy excrescences, hard ni-
mours,caUous ulcers, eruptions, seminal weakness, glests, as also
STRIC

Whether recent or of long duration, and which have baffled the
ofother Practitioners ; are by their present improved plan of
reatment, effectually and permanently cured, without the patient
suffering the excruciating pain and alarming hemorrhage which
often follows the application of the lunar caustic. In the course of
20 years extensive practice in this metropolis, numerous cases 01
Strictures have been and are daily under their are, the total
eradication of which are effected by a safe, certain, and expedi-
tious mode of practice, superior to any other yet adopted. The
weakness, relaxation, and debility proceeding front this complaint,
is speedily removed, and the patient restored to sound and vi-
gorous health. But where the debility has for years existed,
proper perseverance in their restorative remedies after the Stric-
ture has been destroyed, is indispensably requisite to revive the
slumbering sparks ot life, and to reanimate the Constitution.
Several Noblemen andi Gentlemen, of the first respectability,
have been under the care of Messrs. Currie and Co. for the
moval of eomplaints of the Urethra, Strictures, &c. and, having
received a radical and permanent cure, request that reference,
may be made to them as satisfactory evidences of the decided su- '
periority of Messrs. Currie and Co.'s plan of treatment. Many
of these Gentlemen have had Strictures from sen to twenty years
and had been under the care of Messrs. Home and Heaviside'
and other surgeons of equal eminence, who attempted the cure
by the application of the lunar caustic, without success.
Messrs. Currie and Co. may be consulted by either sex with the
greatest delicacy, secrecy, and honour, at their house, No. 107,
Hatton-Garden. Patients in the country arc requested to state
the particulars of their case, age, and general habit of living, &e.
Inclosing a remittance for advice and medicines, when its same
will be given or scut to any pact of the kingdom.

' ..;11
:

WANTS a SITUATION as GARDENER, a
Single Ma:.. about sO years of age, who per'ectly und-r•
stands his business in all its branches, and can have a good cha.
ratter from his Last place. If not within 30 miles of Loading
would be must preferable; and if to go to the West Indies Las
no objection. Letters addressed 7. W. to be left at Mr. Briggs's,
Tooting, Stu ivy, will be bunbediztel) attended to.

~.11 AMERICA.
The following is a copy of the Address to General
Miranda, ordered to be transmitted by the new au-
thorities of Santa Fee :
" The supreme Government of this capital bas received the
dispatch from yoar Excellency with the respect that it deserves.
Your Excellency has returned to yoar own country at at impor-
tant crisis of its political regeneration, when it so much needs the
assistance of your talents and virtues, which were so conspicuous
at the commencement of the French Revolution. That country
is now resigned to slavery and abansloned to corruption, and is
no longer capable of being benefited by your exertions; you
have, therefore, turned your attention to the happy regions of
Columbia, where your services will be rewarded by the love and
admiration of your compatriots. You will purify the se regions,
stained by the blood of so many victims, off,red up at the shrine
of despotism. Your Excellency has no obj .ct in view but the
establishment of public liberty, and you will endeavour to erect
her throne among these her favourite mansions. The simple and
beneficent character of the American people will be rendered
mare brillian; by the lessons of your instruction, formerly deli-
vered in the Convention of Paris; and those sublime maxims
drawn from the code of nature, to which• a wicked nation wLs
insensible, will not be ineffectually mail in a country whose prin-
ciples are pure, and whose morals are correct. This generous
people expects much from that slicer who has made tyrants
tremble, and who has dispersed the eagles of the Despo- before
his triumphant banners, &c. &c.

" I have the honour to address this to your Excellency by order
of the Supreme Government; and remain with high consilem.
tion, &c. (Signed) " JOSEPH DE ♦CEV[IO (UM 2.
" Santa Fee, 22d March, 181 i."

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, AUGUST 11.
On the 6th, the Council (of Bishops) held its
seventh General Congregation—mass was celebrated
by the Bishop of Clermont.
The American ships Maulins and Bond have ar.
rived at Bourdeaux, laden with coffee, sugar. and
indigo.
Corvisart has been appointed Member of the Insti-
tute, in the room of Desessarts deceased.
Four per cents. for the 22d of September, 80. f. 10. c.
AUGUST I2.—We are assured, that a courier, ar-
rived from the army of Arragon, has brought news,
that Montserrat, a fortified Monastery, some leagues
from Tarragona, has been carried at the point of the
bayonet, by the army of Marshal Suchet. This im-
portant post, situated upon lofty mountains, to which
the Spaniards had conveyed cannon by inaccessible
roads, was unable to resist French intrepidity.
AUGUST 13 —A decree of his Majesty, dated on
the .sth of August, decrees as follows:
" Prisoners of war, having the rank of officers, as
well as hostages, shall enjoy the favour of proceeding
freely and without escort to the place assigned far
them, and to reside there, without being detained,
after their having given their parole nor to depart
from the road marked out for them, nor from the
place of their residence.
Every prisoner of war having the rank of officer,
and every hostage, who, after having given his parole,
shall violate it, shall, if he be retaken, be considered
and treated as a soldier with respect to pay and ra-
tions, and shut up in a citadel, fort, or castle.
Prisoners of war having the rank of officers, and
hostages, who shall not enjoy the favour granted by
the first article of the present decree, shall be kept in
the depots, and shall not travel but under the escort
of the armed force. It they escape on the road, or
from a elzpot, and be retaken, they shall be confined
in A citadel, fort, or castle.
Prisoners of war who hive not the rank of offi-
cers, and who escape either on the road, or from a
depot, from the battalion of the establishment, or from
the houses of private persons, where they may have
been placed, shall, in case they are retaken, be con-
fined is a citadel, tort. or castle."
[The Moniteur has published at length the pseudo
State Paper which was copied into the English jour-
nals a short time ago, purporting to be a copy of a
dispatch from Champagny to the Russian Minister at
Paris. The following are the notes apon it :]
Upon the remark ci the English newspapers, "that
war and our own constitution are preferable to peace
and his (Bonaparte's) constitution," the Monitear
says:

Note 1. Every fable has its moral. War! eternal war! that
is the moral of this. Such are the ideas which these fabri.ator.
wish to inculcate among the English people. Wretches! war!
eternal war ! say you ? You shall have it loner than suits the tie:
terests of your unfortunate creditors.
Upon the statement, " that the State Paper was of
the highest importance," the Moniteur says :

No. 2. This paper was fahricited in England, as well as the
letter of the Emperor Napoleon to Queeu Caroline; the secret
articles of the treaty of Tilsit, &c.
Upon that part of the paper which states that "the
different f ictions have often, submitted to his Imperial
and Royal Majesty demands of assistance, and plans
of revolution," the lifoniteur observes :
Note.—All this jargon, whieh contains many true things, has
been heaped up only to arrive at this result,—the having a pre-
text for throwing odium and suspicion on bente of the wen who
displease an Administration that protects talaritatora and awn t .a.



1

• FROM SATURDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

ADMIRAbTY-OFFICE, AUGUST le, 1811. 1
Copy of a Letter from Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, Bart. law
Commander in Chief of his Majesty's ships and vessels in the
Mediterranean, to John Wfison Choker, Esii. *rotary to the
Admiralty, dated San Josef, ea Toulon, Sth July, 18i1.
Sta—The Lords Commissioners riffle Admiralty
will be informed by my dispatch No. 108, of the 4th
Ult. of the state of affairs in Catalonia up to the 24th
May, I have now the honour to transmit accounts of
the further events in that, quarter to the Ist inst. con-
tained in the accompanying extracts of communica-
tions from- Captains CodringtOn and Adam and
Lieutenant-Colonel Green, asset forth in the mar-
gin*, by which their Lordships will, regret to see that
the last accounts brought me this day by the Volon-
haire Efate the town of Tarragona to have been storm-
ed, taken, and set fire to by the French force under
Suthet, on the 28th June.—l have the honour to be,
*c. (Signed) CHARLES CQTTON.

NO.i.
Invincible, Turagona Roads, lune S.
SIR—On the 28th in the morning the enemy open-
ed his fire on Fort Olivo from two batteries, one of
four guns and a mortar, the other of three guns and
a howitzer, placed on the flank of the fort. About
mid day of the 29th Colonel Green examined the
works of the Olivo, owing to a report from an Offi-
cer that its defences were m a bad sta:e, and be found
them very much destroyed. At night it was intended
to substitute the regiment of Almeria' foi that of Ibe-
ria, which had been hitherto in the fort :..apj after,
dark the former regiment was marched gut of the
town for that purpose; but. I am sorry to say • the
enemy found means to mingle himseif with that regi-
ment, and he got possession of the Olivo without
firing a shot, making 900 men prisoners.
The enemy's force at present is considered to %e
between ten and eleven thousand men ; he is sup-
posed to have lost four thousand since the com-
mencement of the siege in killed and wounded and
deserters.

The Spaniards, including the prisoners made at
the Olivo, have lost about three thousand.—l have
the honour to be, &c. (Signed) CHARLES ADAM.
Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, Bart. Su. &c.

proceeded from Valencia to join us in a consultation above 8000, tamely submitted to be led away Fisch
with his brother, although, on account of his wound, ners by less than as many hundred French.
he was very unfit for such a journey. The result The launches and gun-boats went from the ships
of this conference was a determination on the part of the instant the enemy were observed by the Invinci-
Gineral O'Donnell to commit to my protection, for ble (which lay to the westward) to be collecting in
the succour of Tarragona, another division of his best their trenches ; and yet so rapid was their success,.
troops, under Major General Miranda, consisting of that the whole was over before we could open our
four thousand men, whilst he himself would move fire with effect.
forward with the remainder of his army to the banks All the boats of the squadron and transports were
of the Ebro ; where, in concert with the Aragonese sent to assist those who were swimming or concealed
division, be might threaten, and perhaps destroy the under the rocks; and, notwithstanding a heavy fire of
different depots of General &whet. musketry and field pieces, which was warmly and
. I, therefore hastened to Tarragona, to collect the successfully returned by the launches and gun boats,
necessary sbipping'for the purpose of giving action to from five to six hundred were then brought off to the
these liberal and patriotic intentions. Again, form- shipping, many of them badly wounded. I
nately meeting the Invincible on the night of the 6th, .1 cannot conclude my history of our operations at
I directed Captain Adam to anchor at Peniscola, and Tarragona without mitring you that the Zeal and
wait my return to that rendezvous in company with untied of those under my command, in every branch
Captain Pringle, whom I ordered to do the same of the various services which have fallen to their lot,
with the Sparrowhawk and the transport William, haa been carried far beyond the mere dictates of duty.
whenever-she should have landed the mortars, &c. at The Invincible and Centaur have remained with
Valencia, with which he was charged. me the whole time immediately off Tarragona ; and
On the morning of the 7th we reached Tarragona, Captains Adam, White, and myself have passed most
landed the whole of our cargo in.the course of the nights its our gigs, carrying on such operations under
night, and, after 1 consultation with General Con- cover of the dark as could not have been successfully
treras, again left that anchorage at ten o'clock in the employed in the sight Of the enemy ; I do not mean
forenoon of the Bth, taking- the Paloma along nith us. as to mere danger, for the boats have been assailed
We reached Peniscola on the nooteof the 9.h, where with shot and shells both night and day, even during
the Invincible had already anchored with the four the time of their taking off the women and children,
transports. and were joined on the 10th by the Cen- as well as the wounded, withoin being in the smallest
taut, Sparrowhawk, and William transport. degree diverted from their purpose.
From the critical situation of Tarragona, I left or- It is impossible to det iil in a letter all that.has pass.
ders with Captain Bullen, that whatever ships of war ed during this short but tragic period. But huma.
might arrive before my return, should join me imme- nity has given incieased excitement to our exertions ;
diatelz ; and to Captain White's promptness in obey. and the bodily powlrs of Captain Adam have elm-
ing this order, and consenting in common with Capt. bled hint perhaps to push to greater extent that de-
Adam and myself to receive each a.battalion of eight sire to relieve distress of which we have all partaken
hundred•troops, with the proper proportion of officers, in common.
lam indebted for the power of embarking the whole Our own ships as well as the transports have been
t
four thousand on the forenoon of the 11th, and land-
he receptacles of the miserable objects which saw nn
ing them at the garrison of Tarragona during the shelter but in the English squadron ; and you will see
night of the 12th. by the orders which I have found it necessary to give,
that we have been called upon to clothe the naked,
As soon as the troops were ready for embarkation
and feed the starving, beyond the regular rules of
at Peniscola. I sent the Sparrowhawk forward to pre.
pare the garrison, and also the Marquis of Campo our service.
Verde, for our arrival ; and in consequence of the Our boats have suffered occasionally from the shot
of the enemy, as well as from the rocks from which
Marquis's letter in answer to General Miranda, re-
t
quested I would again embark his division for the they have embarked the people ;amongst others, the
barge of the Blake, which, however, I was so form-
purpose of joining the Marquis in the neighbourhood
of Villa Neuva de Sitges, in order to threaten the nate as to recover, after being swamped and overset,
flank of the besieging army. And this further ear-
in consequence of a shot passing tin ough both her
sides, with the loss only of one woman and child kill-
vice was so speedily executed by means of the boats
of the squadron, that the whole division was again
ed out of twelve which were then on board in addl.
safely landed at this place on the evening of yester• tion to her crew. But the only casualty of impor.
day, from whence it mantled this morning for VIII i lance which has happened in the squadron is that
Franca, Intending to join the Marquis of Campo which hefel the Centaur's launch on the evening of
j-Verde, tomorrow, at Iqualada. the 28z1i, and I beg to refer you particularly to the
I have the honour to be, &c. observations of Captain White respecting Lieutenant
(Signed) • EDWARD CODRINOTON. Ashworth, whose conduct and whose misfortune en-
Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, &e. ice. Ike. title him to every consideration.
Nis VI. I have the honour to be, etc.
. Blake, in Tarragona Roads, June ES, 1511. (Signed) EDWARD CODRINOTON.
Sin,—Besides employing the gun-boats and lawn- Captain Codrington further states, that he had re-
dies during the whole of every night in annoying the ceived intelligence that General Contreras was woun-
enemy's working parties, I have supplied the garri-, dud and Made prisoner, and that the General perso.
son with above 3000 sand bags made by the squa naily distinguised himself ; that the Governor (Goo-
dron, and sent all the women, children, and wounded zalez), with a handful of men, defended himself to
pe.-,dle by the transports to Villa Neuva, added to, the last, and was bayoneted to death in the square
which, the boats of the squadron, under the particu.., near bis house ; that man, woman, And-child were put
lar directions of Capt. Adam, but assisted by Capt, to the swogd upon the French first entering the town,
White and myself, took off above 200 men who
re- '. and afterwards all those found in uniform or with
treated to the Mole after the French had taken the arms in their houses ; and that many of the women,
battelies, and who were safely landed again during and young girls of ten years old, were treated in the
the right at the Milagro, that is, within the works on most inhuman way ; and that after the soldiers had
the east side of the town. And in order to counter- satisfied their lust, many of them, it was reported,
act the depression which might ensue from the ex- were thrown into the flames, together with the badly ,
temive and unexpected advantages gained by the wounded Spaniards ; 1000 men had been kit to de-
enemy On the night of the 21st, 1 yesterday led the stroy the works ; the whole city was burnt to ashes,
squadroir as near to the Molojand Puerto as could be . or would be so, as the houses were all set fire to, the
done with safety, and drove the enemy from the ad-' only chance in their favour was the calm weather,
vaned position they had taken. This position, which I and the sudden march of the French, by which some
was taken with the view of picking off the artillery.' houses might escape.
men at their guns, as they did on the lines of the I
Puerto, was immediately afterwards, and still re. GENERAL MEMORANDUM.
Whereas from the present &dressed situation of Tarragona
mains, occupied by the Spanish Guerillas. many families may be obliged to embark without the neces-
But the French are making a work near the Fuerte sary means ut existence, until they can be conveyed to oche'
Real Battery from' which they will quickly breach places on the coast, where the customary generosity of the peo-
the wall of the town, and are digging their trenches pie wilt ensure them a share of what they may have for their
in such a direction as will secure them from the fire
"Int is my direction that the ships of the English squadron fur-
of the shipping. In the mean time they are destroy- ai.h them with such provision, for the time ct their embarkation
ing the Custom-house, the large Stores, and all the and transport, as the humanity andliberality of our country will
buildings of the Puerto, in order, I presume, to ruin dictate.
the place as much as possible, and I have no doubt Aat account of the provision so expended is hereafter
but the town will share the same fate, if it should un- to be given to ate, regularly signed by the proper Officers, for
the information of the Victualling Bawd, instead of the people
fortunate y fall into their hands. ! being borne for victuallers as passengers usually are.
The Baron de Eroles has taken a convoy of five , (Signed) EDWARD CODSINGTON.
hundred mules laden, and destroyed some of the i Blake, in Tarragona Roads, June 23.
GENERAL MEMORANDUM.
Whereas in consequence of the town of l'arragona being taken
this evening by assault, numbers of the troops and inhabitants
have been received on board the different ships and vessels of
the squadron perfectly naked, it is my direction that they may
be tupplied with such articles of daubing as a due regard to de-
cency and humanity may absolutely require.
(Signed) EawARD Coml.:GT(3w.
Blake. in Tarragona Roads June 24.
List of Killed and Wounded belonging to his Majesty's ,hip Cen-
taur, an action with the French troops on the Wash near Tax-
ragona, June 28.
Ship s Launch-2 killed. 5 wounded.
OFFICER WOUNDED.
Mr. Henry Ashworth, Lieutenant, dangerously.
SEAMEN KILLED AND WOUNDED.--KILLED.
Henry Blakebury, ordinary Berman ; David Toole, ditto.
WOUNDED.

John Hughes, quartermaster, lost his left arm ; William Lubec,
ordinary seaman, slightly on the shoulder.
TOTAL.

Two Seamen killed; 1 Lieutenant, 1 Quarter-Master, 1 Sea-
man, wounded. (signed) J.C. Wurrs, Captain.
To the above return I beg leave to add, that Lien-i
tenant Ashworth's excellent character and conduct
makes me feel most sincerely for his present suffer-
ings; and there is great room to apprehend the d.tn-
gerous wound he has received in the knee joint by a
cannon-shot, may render amputation necessary ; in
the present state of his wound, a stiff joint is the
most probable cure to be expected.
JOHN C. WHITE, Captain.
Centaur, of tile Coaat (If Catalonia, July 1.
MIL[ r4a PROMO PIONS.
commissions sinned by the Lord ifientenant of the
County of Northampton. Old WILL.
John Denton F:ench, Gent. to be Lieutenant, March $, Isll.
Wm. lirku, Gent to be ditto. Dated Math 9, still.
Robert Litiver, Gent. to be ditto. Dated April 30, 1611.
lour pit login, Gent. to Le dit:e. Mated May 30, 1611.
East Regiment of Local Militia.
Jobn Bat !craron, jun. Gent. to be `l.teut43lnr. John Brown,
qem. to be ditto. Chadts Berkeley, Gent. to be ditto. Jacob
• tribe Richardson, Gent. to be ditto, Dated June 3,1111.

•
Central Regiment.
cams Osborn, jun. Esq. to be Captain. Dated April 21, Is:I.
Themas Weston, Esq. to be ditto. Dated May 10, 1611.
Thomas Philip Maimed', Esq. to he ditto. Dated June 14,1811.
James Eirds4ll, Gene. to be Lieutenant. Dated ?(ay I, 181
Richard Holmes, Gent. to be Ensign. Dated May 7, 11111.
Western Regiment.
George Latbbury, Esq. to be Captain. Dated June 6, 1811.
TheepbUus Smith, Esq, to be ditto. Dated June 7,1611..
Wm. Rielard Denny, Esq. to be ditto. Dated June 8, 1811.
George Marshal Shield, Esq. to be ditto. Dared June 10, 1611.
James Holmes, Gent. to be Lieutenant. Fated May 26, 1611.
Edward Swan, Gent. to be ditto. Dated as above.
Peterborough Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry.
William Collier, Gent. to be Cornet. Dated March 13, 11M.
Corps of Kettering Volunteer infantry.
Jobe Cooper Gotch, Esq. to be Major Commandant. Dated
May 8, 1811.
John Sraith, Esq. to be Captain. Dated Jolly 9, 1611.
Samuel Gibbon, Gent. to be Lieutenant Dated as abOve.
George Warner Pooley, Gent. to he Ensign. Dated as above.
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant of ti.e
County of Lior-.11.
Royal South Lin,imin Militia.
John Thos. Davies, Gent. to be Ensign. Dated August 10,1111 .
Commissions signed by the Lord Lieutenant cf
the County of Hants.
Bentworth and Shaldean Volunteer Irfintry.
William Pitt, Esq. to be Captain, vice Smith, deceased. Dated
August 6, 1811.
Commissions in the Cambridgeshire Regiment of
Militia, signed by the L,ird Lieutenant.
Major Francis Charles James Pemberton to he Colonel, vice the
Right Honourable C'i.arlei Yertet, who retires. Dated March

85, 1811.
Captain Thomas Fawcett to be Major, vice Pemberton, pro-
moted Dated as shewe.
Liemestant Thomas 'rambling to be Captai:i, vice Pawasett, pro-
moted% Dated June 25, Isl I.
BANKRUPTS.
hmes Murray, of Nottingham, 6wier, to surrender Asztst 28.
22, and September itt„ at Neves, at the Punch-bowl, Notting-
ham. Itttornies, Islo4rs.Cututain and Enfield, Nottingham ;
or Mews. Bleastiale, Alexander and liolme, New Inn, I.on.ion.
IRMA Waugh, of Lamb's-Cooduit-stresi,Theobald's-Road,
die's:, haberdasher alai hosier,. dealer s.ud chaprnan, August
20, 31, and Sept. 28, at ten, at QuildhalL Attorney, Mr. tai-

ten, Ckurch-court, Lotttlarry.
Cliarls's Darien, and John Penny, of Nottingham, haberdashers,
August Zet, 29, and Sept. SI, at elayrn, at the Punch Mini in
Nottingham. Attornies, Meesrs, Kindettey, Long, and Ince.
Gray's•lnnl Landon ; or Jilir Henry Percy, Nottingham.
John Kay, of (,liesitliant, Lancashire, cotton-manufacturer, dealer
and chapman. August 30, 21, and Sept. 28, at tie°, at the Pa-
lace Inn, Manchester. Attorities, Messrs. liC-7 and Renshaw,
Manchester.
Benjamin Butler, now or late of Painswick, Glaucestenhire, de.
thier, dealer and chapman, August 19, at eve, August 20, and
September 28, at eleven, at the King's Arms Inn, Stroud-.
Anomie' Messrs. Ve'liircombe and King, Se rj -act's tin, Fleet.
street, London ; or Mr. Newman, struud, Glouce stershire.
John Read, of Gospel-Oath, parish of Tipton, Staffordshire, iron
master, dealer and chapman, August SO, 31, aed Sept. 28, at,
twelve, at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Attornies, Messrs.
Bolton and Jennings. hlmscourt, euipk, London; or Mr. R.
W 'Gem, Ei runtish stn.
John Whits and William Sloan, both of Manchester, millwrights,
dealers and chapmen, Copartners, August 24, .7, and sew. 29,
it two,•at the Star bin, Manchester. Attornies, MONO.
Cleughton and Fi,cbett, Warrington.
George Ludeman, of Fore-street, Lanehouse, Middlesex, baker,
August 20, 97, and Sept. 29, at eleven, at Guildhall. Attorterfs
Mr. Quallett, No. 8, Printer'eePlace, near East-lane, Bersniand•
sey, surrey.
Thomas Dukes, of Ratcliffe-Highway, Middlesex, slopstller,
August 24, 31, and .$. pr. 'A, at twelve, at Guild•tall. Atter.
ney, Mr. Edmund Walker, Exchequer-Ofßce, Lincoln's-Intl.
Jacob Ridley, of I ancaster, merchant, dealer and clapnian, Sept.
11, at five, Sept. 12, and 28, at eleven, at the It oyal. Oak Ina,
Lancaster. Attornies, Messrs. litakelo:k and Mathison, No.
3, Mai-court, Temple, London i or Mr. E Aeltiusou, Lan.
Caner,.
Saha Letett. of Liverpool, merchant, August 20 31, and Sept. 22„
at ten, at Guildhall, London. Attorntea, Meson, Cover anti
Lowe, sioniliampten-Baildings. London.
Joshua Madison, of Bradford, Yorkshire, tea-deal r, Sept. 8,7,
and IS, at eleven, at the Tail*: Inn, Halifax. Atrornies,
Nettlefold, Nu. 90, Norfolk-street, Strand, London ; or Mr.
Lewis Alexander,
Clement hat datek,otVerolvretamptl)ll, Staffordshire, locksmith,
dealer. and chapman, Sept. 5, at live, Sept. 6, and 28, at eleven,
at Joshua stockley's h. iuse, at lvweey Rack, btalked.ltlre.-..
Attormes, Mr. Edward biddle, of Wolverhannneu ; or Mr.
John Stanley 611141:, No. '4H, sted,Lien-square, t.ondoc.
Abraham Hitchtn, 'iate of Wybnubuty, Cheshire, cheenr, tutor,
dealer and chapman, Sept. IG, 17, and 28. at aiettets, at the
Crown inn, Nantwich. Attornies, Mears Bourilit.on atiet
Hewitt, Little Friday-street, London ; or Means. Edkston
ant Elwood, Nantwich.
Daniel :solomon, of Sion-square, Whitechapel, Midd esez wea-
ver, dealer and chapman August '2O, 31, and I.eptranber 28, at
ten, at Guikihall,Lendoa. Attorney, Mr. Harris, Castle-, .ett,
liound-ditch.
Edward Bishop, of Bristol, 'ape-manufacturer, dealei• god chap-
man, August 21, Sept. 4, and 28, at twelee, at the Rammer-
Tavern' Bristol. Attornles, Mr. James, No. IY,
' s-tuu-
square London; or Messrs. Morgan and Livet
Stephen Clement Webb, of Bath, Somerset, asoney-scrlvener,
August SO, at six, August Bi, and September 18, at t/ VVO. at
Guildhall, London. Atnarnies, Messrs. Longdth and Becktt,
Gray's-Inn.
Abraham Dean, of Olsbctreet-road, Middlesex, coubmahcrt
August 15, 94, and Sept. 28, it one, at Guildhall. 'Atm ni y,
Mr. Jesse. No 7, Farnival's.lni, Holborn. •
Robert Crawford, of Staeigate-street, Lambeth, Surrey, vic'eal-
ler, denier and chapman, August 24, 31, and Septernh, r Is. at
twelve, at Gutldhall, Attornies, Messrs. Hughes and Chapman,
Np. e, King's-Bench Walk, Temple.
Thomas Freeman, of Dyer's-court, Aldermanbury, Lond
warehouseman, dealer and r.hapicsm, August 31, at eleve...
Sept. s, and 28, at tep, at GuildlealL Attorney, Mr. Peacock,
Lincoln's-1 nn- Fields.
iridney Clarke, of Marchmont-street, Brunswick-square, Mid-
dlesex, plumber and glazier, dereal. 'and chapman, 211,
at eleven, August 31, and Sept. 28, at eleven, at Guildhall.--
" Atte, Me. Palmer, Waewick-effurt, Grate-tun.
John Peltier, of Duke-street, Portlatid.place, mere
chant, August 84,117, and Sept. 28, at twelve, at Guildull.-
Attornies, Messrs. Crowder, Lavir., and Garth, Frederick's-
place, Old tewry.
