MR. OWEN'S SYSTEM.

Pursuant to public advertisement, a Meeting was held at Freemasons'
Ball, on Monday afternoon, the object of which was—" To take into
consideration the best mode of rationally educating, employing, and
uniting the people, in order to prevent the necessity for the distressing
occurrences which have lately taken place in France, as well as to give
a new and beneficial direction to the enormous mechanical power which
is now reducing the greater part of the population to poverty and
misery."
About two o'clock Mr. OWE N, of Lanark, was called to the Chair,
and was loudly applauded. The Meedng was numerously attended
by persons of the highest consideration, and respectability ; and after
the customary preliminaries, Mr. Own/ gave the following luminous
exposition of his System :
_ . .

Our meeting to-day is to take into consideration the best mode of
rationally educating, employing, and uniting the people ; I need not
add that it is the most important subject th it can be brought before
you. The time of a public meeting of this character is too valuable to
be occupied in any thing not immediately relevant to the business be.
fore it. I will therefore at once proceed to explain my views of this
ail-important subject, and afterwards, I am sure, all p.rties will be
gratified to hear the observations of any one present, who has ob-
tained sufficient information, from previous study, to enlighten the pub-
lic respecting them. I say previon. information, because it requires a
knowledge of what ins been said by the most inteliigent, aid (how by
the most practical of ancient and modern times, with extensive experi-
ence in practice. aided by much deep refection, to be prepared to
consider this subject with any real utility to ourselves, or to others.
I trust, therefore, that none who are net thus prepared will occupy
much of the time of the meeting.
All who relent and feel a real in in the permanent wellbeing
of this country, and who wish to see the productive classes relieved 1
from the poverty and misery which now oppress them, desire to know I
what are the causes which prevent the people from being rationally
educated, productively employed for themselves, and sincerely united
in good and kind feelings*. It is gratifying to know that the time has 1
at length arrived, when there can he no real utility in attempting to
deceive the public. Truth alone is now required; and truth alone.
without any regard to the prejudices and passions of men, shall be
upon this occasion placed before you.
The grand obstacle which 111111 hitherto prevented the people from
being rationally educated, is the false religions which prevail over the
world, and which for so many ages have been lowed into the infant
mind in all countries. And the population of the world, by receiving these
false religions in infancy, has thereby become incompetent to peiceive the
errors of the religion in which it has been eilue.ted. It is from this
cause alone that each individual is traisid to licher.. the religion of his
country, or district, to he the frue religion ; and all others to be
deceptions, forced in infancy into the minds of it% votaries. In thib re-
spect all the religions in the world are alike. Each is termed by its
professors the true reldrion, and all the others false ones. This is now the
grand obstacle in the way of giving a national education to the people
of all countties.
in consequence of the religious influence over all seminaries.
there is tat to be found en the Jute qi the earth one eafablisAneent
formed to train a human being to be rational.
They are all now necessarily devised to destroy the reasonirg faculties
during childhood and youth ; to compel men to receive and retain
religious impressions; and they are thereby made to become the
most irrational and deceptioua animal' upon the earth. The human
race is thus compelled to experience the greatest of all possible oppres-
sions, and to become mental slain. The only possible way to prevent
this degradation, is now to form arrangements to educate the human
species, without the knowledge of any one of the opposing religions of
the world, until the period when the judgment is :natured ; and then to
place all religions, without prejudice to any, before each individual, that
that they may have some chance of coming to a right conclusion respect.
ing their truth or error.
By this simple expedient the true religion, If one exists, will be oils
vernally established its one poeration. An other expedients to a..
cover the true religion most fail. All who oppose this just mefe of
emancipating the human mind from mental slavery, the greatest of 4
hymen miseries, cannot feel an honest conviction, that the religion Is
[which they were compelled to be educated le the true one; will
bar the investigation of matured, well.tnioed judgment.— My own

conviction is, that the only true religion is Truth, or konwlidge. in
accordance with all facts and with reason, on subjects relative to hu-
man nature and society.
To give a rational education to man, then, he must not
any of the existing religions, to priselice the mind in its favour. I lis
mind should be kept perfectly free, until it shall be pre•viele.ly nett: , .1
in a knowledge of undisputed facts relative to his own natui c, 41•11 to
human society. This knowledge he may be educated to coon, at
twelve or fourteen years of age, when the foundation, principles, :ell
dogmas, of all the past and present religions of the world. should be im-
partially explained. He should have time allowed t.' compare all the e
religion., and to reflect upon what has been said and written for. sml
against, each ; and then to contrast them with the tindispreed facts
respecting human nature and society. Ile will oat/ aro, for tier first
time in the known history of the human race, became comp:•tent is
express an opinion, deserving the notice of rational La i..g4, relative to
the truth or falsehood, or value, of any religion.—fly friends! mind
you shall be permitted to form arrangements to effect this•civnfr its
the education of your children, you will cosign them to th • same de-
gtadation and mental slavery, to which you were committed by nor
parents. You will make them, as you have been made. crier, Icc
irrational beings. This is the first step to be taken, before in. re cTu
be the slightest chance of your children being rationally cducat‘d
Our next enquiry is—what are the ebstacles which prevent the rt'll.
ple from being rationally employed ? The chief of th. se obstacle• i .
also the wretched education which all classes, from the higlies: to ti.:
lowest, have received. Their reasoning faculties have been •ii t •
vetted by it, that every thing regarding thew own nature and hum tr
society, is presented to them through a medium of gems decept:.m.
So thoroughly era their minds thus prevented from seeing the troth,
that they are compelled to imagine vice to be virtue, and virtue vice ;
also, that the creation of useless and worthies. productions, is the crea-
tion of wealth ; and that tokens for labour, called nuitity, are real
riches; that they act wisely in giving their labiiiir for these token.,
depriving themselves thereby of real wealth, eiv,::g it to others win.
never produce any wealth. Before people Call be rationally emit •ye.l
for their own benefit, they must be trained to think, and act. I,ke
beings endowed with reason ; they must be taught whetein red
wealth consists ; bow it can be, in the best mancer, the most abut!.
dandy produced and how it can be the most ben•ficially distributet
and enjoyed. The false religions of the world have rendered the iu•
nt population of all countries almost unfit to enter upon, much leo-
to investigate fully, and without prejudice, any of these important
subjects. They little suspect that real wealth consists, not in money
Of tokens for labour, but in superior food, dwellings, clothes,
furniture, cultivation, instruments, implements, machinery, ship•, &c.
Ste ; all which, by the aid of machinery properly directed, may be
created, Ina!l countries, in great superfluity. But by money or tokens
of labour being taken without any adequate return of labour, the peo-
ple of all countries are made the physical—as the take religions make
them the mental—slaves of a senseless system ; apparently beneficial
to a few. while, in reality, it is most injurious to all ; injurious alike
to the Governor, the Priest, the Lawyer, the Soldier, and the
wealthy ; almost as much as to the plain Citizen, and the daily
labourer.
It is a system which must produce poverty in the niass, and keep
them in perpetual ignorance and degradation ; and the more wealthy
classes in a highly injurious artificial state, and in continual alarm for
their lives and fortunes. Neither can the productive classes, wader
this system, be ever again in a state of comfort, as long as mechanical.
and other scientific power, shall be—as it is now—in direct competi-
don with manual labour. The present mode of using machinery, un-
der the direction of individual competition, is calculated to make the
rich more wealthy, without adding to their comfort or happiness ;
and the poor more destitute, and greater slaves to their masters. le
fact, to make the useless classes enormously wealthy, and the pro-
, directs of all wealth, the most abject of human beings. And that a
very different application must, therefore, be given to mechanical and
other scientific power, before the people can he rationally employed for
their own benefit, or for the real advantage of society.
That, however, which is the most required to promote the pros•
perity and happiness of mankind, is to unite men cordially together, ill
good and kind feelings. But as long as any notions, contrary to facts
and to reason, relative to any religion, sballbe forced into the young
mind, and as long as machinery shall be applied in competition with
manual labour, it will be impracticable to unite men cordially toge.
ther, or to implant in their minds genuine charity, or love for each
other. These obstacles must be removed, before the people can be
rationally educated, employed, or united. When these errors, and
grievous and melancholy evils, shall be withdrawn, then may we com-
mence the delightful tuk of forming new arrangements to educate.
employ, and unite the people, in such a manner that ignorance, po-
verty, or unkind, or uncharitable feelings, shall be entirely unknown
among them. A knowledge of the laws of human nature, has now
disclosed to us the simple process by which chatacter—either good or
bad—is formed formats. We can, in consequence, now adopt deci-
sive measures, to form a good and very superior character for every
individuaL
Knowing that man has not the power to form his own convictions
le his feelings, his thoughts, or his will, the new character which will be
lea to him will be devoid of anger, and full of charity for the human
rm. The cause of difference of opinion, and of feeling, among men,
heist made familiar to all, none will be surprised, or displeased, with
the open expression of them. This knowledge of our nature, and
source of our thoughts and feelings, will withdraw the innumerable
causes of disunion which now keep human beings apart, and estranged
from each other. Suspicion between mats and man will not be known ;
but a full and entire confidence will every where exist. Under the
prevailing opinions, engendered by false notions, relative to religion.,
there is little real union among any portion of the human race; it will
be difficult, however, if not altogether, unpracticable, to cause any un-
pleasant division among them, under a system founded upon a know-
ledge of human nature, and the science of society. The direct °him.,
of all religions and governments have been to disunite mankind in the,
thoughts and feelings, that the few at the head of these religion. and
goverment., might enslave the mass of the people, mentally and phy-
sically. But the great art of modern times has been to enslave the
people ; and yet to render them so stupid as to make them believe they
were free.
Of all the Patina among whom I have yet been, in any part of the
world. the population of these islands, under the name of being free, is
the most enslaved. The productive dames work harder individually,
pay more taxes, and receive fewer benefits for their labor, than any
people I have visited in any other country. Yet they possess more
means than any other people to insure individual and general pros-
perity and happiness; while they produce less of both. than I have
witnessed in the most barbarous countries through which I have tra-
velled. This state of matters has arisen solely from the wide extret of
the erroneous education which the inhabitants of these islands receive ;
and from the enormous amount of machinery, and other scientific
power, which is employed in direct competition with nialual labor.
These two powers united are abundantly sufficient to generate the
mental slavery which uni Ily exists in the British empire : and to
overwhelm the productive classes with all the crimes generated by
ignorance. But all classes, from the highest to the lowest. are neces-
sarily made mensal Jeers and irrational beings, under the existing
system of education and government. The higher classes, who are
taught to consider it their interest to enforce this system on the pro-
ductive classes, which constitute the great mass of the people, are un-
conscious that they are thereby made mental slaves to the most de-
grading of all vices—slave.. to au entire system of deception, which is
juiced upon them front their cradle; and which compels them to be-
come mete ignorant localized beings; placed, from their birth to death.
snider circumstances the most injurious to the cultivation and enjoy-
ment or the highest and most delightful faculties of their nature.
Do you require proof of the truth of this statement? You shall
have it to the conviction of the most obdurate. Is it not one of the
must obvious facts known to the human race, that a child conies into
the world helphiso, unknowing what he so, bow he was formed, or
whence he came ? All men will answer—Yes. This, therefore, I
will call fact No. 1. Is it nut obvious to the human race, that no two
of these helpless infants are the same, at bitch and through life? .111
men will answer—Yes. This, therefore. I tall fact No. Y. Is it not
obvious to the human race. that the difference between human beings
at birth was not made by themselves? All men will answer—Yes.
This. therefore, I call Joel No. S. hit nut obvious to the reflectult
and intelligent part of the human race, that each child thus coming into
existence, has its future character materially formed for hint, by
the external circumstances of the country and district in which he bees.
and of the people by whom he is surrounded ? AU intelligent men
will answer— Yes. This, therefore, I shall call fort No. 4. Is it not
obvious to the reflecting and intelligent par: of the Wotan race, that the
remaining part of the character sod conduct ot each child, is formed by
its peculiar organization, re-acted upon by the external circumstances
All inteldgent men will answer—Yes. This therefore I call filet
Vu. .3.

Is it not then obvious, to the reflecting and intelligent of the human
race, that it is a self-evident deduction trom the five preceding uni-
versally acknowle4ged facts, that the character of each child is formed
,tor him, by the peculiar organis ,tion given to him, by some power
unknown to him.without his ►nowledge or tonsent,and by the influence
of the general and particular circumstances acting upon his peculiar or.
ganisation. and which external circumstances, during bit infancy and
childhood, are tormettfor him without bis consent ?AU intelligent men
will answer—Yes. This, therefore, I call self evident deduction No.
1, from self evident facts, No. 1 to 5. Is it not obvious, to the re-
flecting and intelligent of the human race, that the subsequent
thoughts, acting•, will, and general conduct, of each individual, when
at maturity. unavoidably proceed from the future external circum-
stances, influencing the compound character of the being so formed ;
together with the petpetual re-action of this daily growing new com-
pound, upon the external circumstances? All intelligent men will
auswee—l'es; because there is only the organization, sad external
circumstances, perpetually acting and re-acting upon each other, to
trent the whole ch of every human heist& however good or bad
their conduct may be said to be. This, therefore, I call self-evident
Jethietion No. 2, from facts Ito S. Is it not obvious, to all the re-
fleeting and inteUigent of the human rate,fronsfactsblo.l to 5. and from
the Of evident truths No. I and 2, deduced from those facts, that the

'

F..

~~

~~

'1

1
t

whoie character of each individual is, in every instance, formed for
hint—vili,ther it be good or bad—by the peculiar qualities combined
original org..nizatinn, and by the peculiar character of the ez-
terii..l circunistatices which are permitted, from birth, to act upon his
oriijoal organization? All intelligent men will answer—Yes. This.
therefore, I call self evident deduction No. 3, from fact 1 to 5, and
thi• two previ us self-evident deductions. Is it not obvious, to the re-
flecting and intelligent of the human race, from self-evident facts No.
to 5, deduced from facts No. 1 to 5, that a su;•erior human being
tin be formed, only, of a superior organization, influenced or acted
upsin, by superior evert il circumstances? All intelligent men will
mower—Yes. This, therefore, I call self-evident deduction No. 4,
frnin facts Ito 5, and the three previous self-evident deductions. Is
it not obvious, to the reflecting and intelligent of the human race, from
seit-evident deductions No. 1 to 4, and from facts No. 1 to 5, that the
enly conduct of human beings, who have been made rational by a
knowledge of, these five facts, and four self-evident deductions from
awl), will be, to adopt the most plain and straight-forward measures,
to improve the organization of all human beings ; and also to Improve
the external circumstances which act upon them to form their cha-
taster ? All intelligent men will answer—Yes. This, therefore, I
till self-evident deduction No. 5, from facts 1 to 5, and the four pre-
vious self-evident deductions. _ _

This is the foundation on which I now foretel that a great and ir-
resistible moral revolution is at hand. If I am in error respecting any
true of these facts. or self-evident deductions from them, then will my
whole reasoning partake of that error. But I now challenge the hu-
man race to detect an error in either of them. I feel somewhat con-
fident that the challenge will not be accepted ; because the present
r.tce of men have been surrounded from their infancy, by inferior and
vicious circumstances only, which have compelled our leading men to
become mental slaves and moral cowards, unfitting them to discover
truth from error, or vice from virtue.
In the five facts and five self-evident deductions from them, we
have a sure guide to direct us aright in the attainment of every impor-
tant object. In fact, we thus obtain a standard of truth, by which
every step of our progress mav be scientifically proved to be right or
wrong. The population of this country requires to be rationally edu-
cated, employed, and united. Now, no population can be rationally
educated, without being placed in superior external circumstance.;
and no one can be thus educated, without being, at the same time,
rationally employed ; for such employment will form an essential part
of the circumstances, to give a rational education; and no people eau
be so educated and employed, without being thereby united in the
kindliest feelings to each other.
But who is it that directs the formation of the external circum-
stances, to educate and employ the people of all countries ? Every
tune who has had experience, and who reflects, knows that the Church
and Government combined—but chiefly the former—direct the for-
mation of those circumstances; and have so formed them, to be as
they now are, as far as it depends upon human means to influence the
human character. But the members of the Church and the Govern-
ment, of all countries, have been trained from their infancy to be
mental slaves, and to have all their rational faculties destroyed from
their birth. It is therefore no surprise to those who can observe fasts,
and reason upon them, without prejudice, that the population of all
countries is in the wretched, dissatisfied condition, in which they now
are. All the Members of every Church and Government, have been
taught from their cradle, either directly or indirectly, that the five
facts previously stated, were not true; and that the five self-evident
deductions from them, were so many errors. In consequence, their
minds have been filled with all manner of incongruities ; they have
been forced to become ' lanai, aid to govern the people over whom
they have had controul, without wisdom or knowledge of any useful
character; and at this hour, they, and we, experience the evils arising
from their ignorant, wretchedly inconsistent proceedings.
The primary duty of all Governments has been to well educate,
and employ, and to unite the people in kind feelings. But instead of
a single step being taken in the right course, to accomplish any one of
these primary objects, to secure the prosperity and happiness of man-
kind, all people, up to this hour, have been most irrationally educated
and employed ; and the most effectual measures have been taken to dis-
unite the whole family of the human race. How is it that these
grievous errors have so long prevailed ?—liecause, as I have previously
stated, Governors and Governed have been taught from their infancy,
notion, in direct opposition to the five primary facts, and the five self-
evident deductions from them ; and, in consequence, have been made
to.belleve that the character of man is formed sv himself ; and that us
is accountable for the convictions and belief which he receives, and for
the actions which are the consequence of such belief. It is owing to
this most lamentable misinstruction that there is not, at this hour, oes
individual among the members of Church and State, who has been
trained to be competent to devise one rational law or regulation for
tne good government of mankind. It is for these reasons, that those
who have hitherto governed the people, have introduced the most
complicated devices. and absurd laws and regulations, to prevent the
mass of the people front being instructed at all, and to force the re-
mainder to be most injuriously educated. It is for this reason, also,
that they have devised measures to employ the people most injuriously,
or to force them to remain idle—thus wasting invaluable powers;
and it is owing to the same cause, that they have devised innumerable
complicated arrangements, to keep the people disunited and opposed
to each other in their thoughts and feelings ; that like mere animals
they may the more easily be governed by a few. It is, therefore, a
useless task, for it would be an endless one—to explain in detail the
errors of the existing laws and regulations for forming the character,
employing and governing the population of this and other countries;
the principles, or rather notions, on which they all proceed, are directly
opposed to every known fact, and are necessarily productive of the
most lamentableeffects in practice.
It is not then, my Friends, an alteration of this law, or of that regu-
lation, which I now propose for your consideration and adoption ; but
it is an entire change qf all the primary erroneous notions on which
society has been founded, and of all the human circumstances that
have been formed around mankind, which have necessarily emanated
from those notions—a change wpm these to principles in accordance with
all facts, and for new circumstances emanating solely from those principles
and those facts. And this is the change which must be effected, before
the shaking of the notions, which has commenced in France, and pro-
ceeded to Belgium, can again subside. The dormant intellect of man
has been aroused at length to detect the degradation of its past and pre-
sent existence; and it will not be again put to rest until the human
race shall be emancipated from its present ignorance, vice, and misery.
But who are now to undertake this investigation, and decide upon the
measures to be adopted, to stay the progress of revolutions of violence,
until men shall acquire the wisdom requisite to know what the changel
in their condition ought to be ? It is the existing Governments, with
the leading men of the opposite parties, who ought honestly to unite to
investigate the means by which machinery may be saved from being the
destruction of the working classes, and have a right direction given to it.
It is these leading men who ought now to investigate the means by
which the character of the people of this, as well as of all countries, may
be formed to be intelligent and moral ; and by which their condition
may be improved in proportion to the progress that the world has now
made, in a knowledge of facts, and in the powers of science. Until this
shall be done there will be no settled peace in Europe or America.
With this view, before I sit down, I shall submit for your consie
deration, and if approved, for your adoption, certain resolutions expla-
natory of the principles and practice, which I now recommend, for
the government and people of all countries; and especially for Great
Britain, France, and the Netherlands ; for stow these countries must
act, and re-act upon each other, to a great extent. From what has
been said, no external circumstances have yet been formed in any
country, calculated to well educate, to employ, and to unite the
people ' • and it must be now evident to those accustomed to reflect,
that to form a new arrangement of the circumstances of society, com-
petent to educate, to employ, and to unite the people, advantageously
for all classes, a union is necessary of men of superior moral feelings,
of extensive mental acquirements, and of great practical knowledge ;
and who, by their firmness, moderation, and kindness, are competent
to effect this great moral and physical revolution, without injustice
injury to any one. But these high qualifications for the task have
yet to be acquired. The past wretched education of mankind, has
formed men into Inferior characters only ; they have been forced to
receive error and falsehood from their infancy, and to grow up in the
greatest dread of hearing the truth, or attempting to ascettain the con-
sequences to which it will lead. These high qualifications for forming
a superior character, and well governing the people, can be acquired
only by such individuals as are, in some degree, prepared by previous
acquirements for the task ; and who will willingly devote themselves
wit, for the benefit of themselves and their fellow-beings. It seems
to ale, then, that a certain number of the leading men of the leading
parties in this country, should form a committee to consider these sub-
jects, as gravely as their importance now demands ; and to make a
report to the public upon the result of their deliberations.
As the facts which every where exist around us evince that the
people of Great Britain are not rationally educated, employed, or
united, the subjects to be reported upon are
Ist. Is it practicable to educate, employ, and unite the people, as
rational beings, under the external circumstances which now surround
them ?
2d. If not, what are the principles on which the external circum-
stances ought to be arranged, to well educate, and employ, and bene-
ficially employ the people?
3d. By whom, and in what mason, are those new circumstances to
be devised end executed, to effect this great moral and physical revo-
lution, without injury to persons, or to existing interests without
equivalents ?
When I first opened these subjects to the public in 1817, my send.
ments were then precisely as they ate now. I knew they were too
true in principle, too pure in practice, for the human mild—trained
it has been—to comprehend or adopt : and I desired no hasty, violent,
or,prunature proceedings. Knowing that the principles were true and
Uvulae/able, and that the practice would be beneficial beyond all pre-
violet estimate that could be formed of it, I have never been desirous
that these blessings should be presestutelT, or without cooviction of
their benefit, forced (upon the OM. 1 then wished these subjects
to undergo te most grave and cadent investigation, that the einem-
atances et the emntry admitted. I personally applied to theists Lord

Lott crow., wire n Prime Minister, for permlulon to place his own name
wi.b the leading names of the members of his admihistration, with ao
equal number of the members of the then opposition, on a committee,
to investigate these important subjects. His Lordship's reply was
" \lr. Owns, you have liberty to do so; you may make use of our
names In any way you choose, for the objects you have la view short of
committing us as an administration." Accordingly, the next day. at a
public meeting, as numerously and respectably attended many perhaps
ever held within doors in London, I proposed that these important
subjects should be submitted for consideration to the leading members
of the administration, and of the opposition; and for several hours it
was the evident wish of three-fourths of the meeting that this question
should be carried in the affirmative.—But as it was supposed by the
radical reformers of that day, that I was acting for, and with the Mi-
nistry, they collected all their strength to oppose my measures; and
finding they were greatly in the minority, they determined to prolong
the meeting by opposing speeches, until the patience of the friends to
the measure proposed should be worn out.--. Accordingly, the late Ma-
jor CARTWRIGHT, Mr. Ald. WAITHILAN, Mr. RUNT, Mr. Hose, &c.
spoke againt time, until the principal parties retired, and until my mis-
guided opponents could bring up their numerous supporters among the
working classes, who were expected to arrive after they had finished
their daily occupations; and at a late hour in the day, the room be•
came occupied by many of the friends arid supporters of those gentle.
men, who well know how to obtain their object st public meetings, by
throwing it into confusion.
Many of the working classes, at that period, knew not who were
their best friends; they had not the knowledge and experience they
now possess. They were therefore induced, by their leaders. to create
such a tumult as prevented the sense of the meeting being taken, and
it broke up in disorder. It was this circumstance alone which, at that
period, prevented the leading Members of the Administration, and of
the Opposition, from formally entering upon the full investigation of
these important subjects; and it was fortunate—because such investi-
gation would have been premature. The prejudices of many classes
were, at that time, too deeply fixed, to be removed without the appli-
cation of physical force; while my chief object has always been to
repress violence, and to convince the judgment by facts and pure and
calm reasoning. As at that time, I nom, desire that these, the most
Important of all political subjects, shall be fairly and fully investigated
by the most influential of the public men of the present day ; and
that they shall make a report, founded upon such investigation.
It will be proposed, therefore, that this meeting shall appoint a com-
mittee of investigation, to be composed of the leading statesmen of the
day ; and, for the benefit of all classes of this and other countries, they
shall be earnestly invited to undertake the task, and to do juetice to it
and themselves, by declaring, as far as their education will permit, an
unprejudiced opinion of the principles and practices which will be pre.
tented to them. Before I proceed to read the Resolutions, allow me to
state that that there is a great mistake in the public mind, relative to
the cause of party feeling, in this and other countries. The errors of
the existing system have unavoidably created four great decisions in
the human mind, and consequently, in practice, they may be denomi-
nated—the conscientious religious—the conscientious irreligious—
the aristocracy, and the democracy. Human nature is the same in
each class ; local external circumstances usually place men in ote or
the other, without any previous power of the individual to avoid the pre-
possessions of his education. It is, therefore, an unfortunate error to
imagine, that there is any original difference between the individuals of
one party and the others ; they are all by nature equally well dis-
posed ; and if properly treated, they might now be induced to act cm-
dially together for the general benefit. Some persons hastily
conclude, that the whole of the aristocracy of this country are op.
posed to the general progress of improvement among the mass of the
people. Many of them, it is true, have been made so, through the
errors of their education; but I have ,good cause to know
that the opposite of this feeling prevails with many of them.
I have at different times attempted two decisive measures for the
general improvement of the population ; and in the promotion of both I
received great aid and assistance from many members of the Aristocracy.
The one was a good and liberal education for all the poor, without ex-
ception, on account of their religious or political principles ; and to be
conducted under a Board of sixteen Commissioners, to be chosen by
Parliament : eight to be of the Church of England, and the remainder
from the other sects, in proportion to their numbers ; and the educa-
tion to be useful and liberal. Now this measure was supported, and
greatly desired, by the members of Lord ',referent's Administration ;
and a considerable progress was made in the preliminary measure;
previous to it being brought into Parliament. It was very generally
supported by leading members of the then Aristocracy. It was op.
posed, however; and, after some deliberation, stopped in its progress,
by the late Dr. RANDOLPH. Bishop of Loudon, and by the late Mr.
But the late Archbishop of Corramtray and several
other dignitaries of the Church, were favourable to it. The declared
opposition, however, of the then Bishop of Lounow, and of Air.
Wurnanas, who it was expected would prevail upon his party to op.
pose the measure, induced Lord Lmsaroot and hie friends—who I
believe sincerely wished to give the people a useful and liberal educe-
tion.—to defer the subject to a :nor, favourable period.
The next measure was the proposition to promote the amelioration
of the condition of the productive classes, by the adoption of superior
arrangements to instruct and employ them. I had several interviews
with Lord Livearoot. ?dr. Camino; and other Members of the
Government, to explain to them the outlines of the practical measures
which I proposed. I found them more willing to listen and to con-
sider these subjects, than I could expect from the general attention
required in the general business of their Departments. They refer-
red the examination of the more detailed measures to Lord &mourn,
the Secretary of State for the Home Department; and I bad very
many interviews and communications with him upon these subjects.
From this intercourse with the Government, I became satisfied
that if they had possessed sufficient power over public opinion, they
would have adopted efficient measures to prevent the population
from experiencing the present poverty and misery ; but they were
opposed by the then powerful party of the Political Economists. It is
but justice to that Administration, for me now to state bow my pro-
ceedings with it terminated.
The principles and practices which I have now so long publicly ad-
vocated, but which are yet so little comprehended by the common
mind, were submitted for their consideration ; and at their request,
they were at first printed, but not published. They were sent by the
permission of the government to all the governments of Europe and
America ; and upon examination by statesmen, and learned men of
the Continent, were found to contain no evil; but simple facts and
legitimate deductions. In one of my last interviews with Lord Sm.
mourn, Secretary of State for the Home Department, he said, " Mr.
Owen, I am authorized by the Government to state to you, that we
admit the principles you advocate to be true; and that if they were
fairly applied to practice, they would be most beneficial; but we find
the public do not yet understand them, and they are therefore not pre.
pared to act upon them. When public opinion shall be sufficiently
enlightened to comprehend them, and to act upon them, we shall be
ready and willing to acknowledge their truth, and to act in conformity
to them. We know we are acting upon erroneous principles; but we
are compelled to do so from the force of public opinion, which is so
strongly in favour of old established political institutices." To a state.
meat so candid, I could only reply, " Then it becomes my duty to
en-
davour to enlighten the people, and to create a new public opinion ;"
and, from that day to this, I have, with all the capacity I possess, and
all the industry in my power, been continually engaged, at home and
abroad, thiough good report and through evil report, in placing plain
and simple, but important truths before the people, that an enlightened
public opinion might be gradually formed, to enable the Government
of this country to act upon it. It has been owing to the want of this
public opinion, that so many are now degraded by bad habits and
poverty; that the productive classes are oppressed by mechanical
power; and that that power has been permitted to create confusion
throughout the commerce of the world.
It is from the want of this enlightened public opinion, in the man of
the people, that the government is withheld from the adoption of deci.
sire measures for your improvement and amelioration. Believe
human nature is the same at birth in all classes, and that it is made to
acquire a party character, only by the varied circumstances in which it
is placed. Wisdom, therefore, teaches us to dismiss ,irritation and dis-
trust from our minds, and to proceed with confidence In the develops.
ment of great and important truths, knowing that in due time they must
produce their natural effect upon public opinion. I have never hesitated
openly to declare truths the most opposed to ancient prejudices, and
these truths have been, and are, silently making their way throughout
the civilised world. They are gone forth ; and who can now arrest them
in their course ? These truths I shall continue to advocate until they
shall remove all error and injustice, relative to human nature and society.
With the explanation now given, I submit the following resolutions to
your consideration : --
1. That the productive classes in Great Britain and Ireland, are more
industrienu, work harder, receive less for their labour, and are snore *s-
pored to all the evils of poverty, than any other population in the
world, whether freemen or slaves.
2. That the present condition calls loudly for an efficient and perma-
nence amelioration.
3. That the new circumstances which have lately grown up in the
British dominions, have produced this lamentable state of the working
classes; and that these circumstances are daily, by the continual increase
of new machinery, ignotantly directed, sinking the industrious or pro.
ducing class to the lowest stage of misery ; stimulating them, when
they can find the means, which, however, few possess, to emigrate to
distant countries.

4. That it is the duty and interftst of those who govern the country, to
investigate, to their foundation, the real causes of these miseries,
sufferings, and degradations, with an earnest desire to discover and re-
move them.

---s.ThUto change these deteriorating circumstances is now no party
subject ; it has become paramount to every other, and upon its decision
the peace, safety, and welfare of the State, depends.
S. That as the midday circumstances have produced and are daily
increasing the evil, a great .hangs of circumstances can alms effect a
remedy.
7. That the outline, and detail, of this change of circumstances, ought
to be sell eatisidered ; and afterwards recommended for adoption, by
the united wisdom of the leading men of all parties.

S. That a Committee of this description be now appointed, and
earnestly requested, for the sake of suffering Autounity, fully to in-
vestigate the cause of the existing ignorance, poverty, and degrada-
tion, of a large portion of the working classes, and as the only roams-
nent remedy, as we believe, for such evils; to report upon the best
mode of rationally educating, employing, and uniting theimhole people;
or, on any better mode that theyaut discover to relieve the productive clas-
ses from the oppression to which they are now doomed, through a conti-
nual increase of wretchedly-misdirected, labour-saving, unconsuming
machinery.
9. That the following Noblemen and Gentlemen be appointed on the
Committee, with.power to add to their number :
The First Lord of the Treasury Goldsmid
Lord Chancellor Lord Althorp
Sir Robert Peel Mr. Brougham
Sir George Murray Sir J. Graham
Sir Henry Hardinge Sir Henry Parnell
Chancellor of the Exchequer Mr. Spring Rice
Attorney and Solicitor-Gee. Lord John Russell
Master of the Mint Sir John Newport
Secretary of War Sir James Mackintosh
Pres.of the Board of Coutroul Mr. Denman
Pres. of the Board of Trade Mr. Alex. Baring
First Lord of the Admiralty Mr. Hume
Duke of Susses Mr. O'Connell
Duke of Rkhmond Mr. Charles Grant
Earl of Winehelsea Mr. Wilmot Horton
Earl of Harewood Mr. Huskisson
Marquis of Lausdown Lord Palmerston
Lord Grosvenor and Holland Mr. J. Smith
Lord Eiden Lord Nugent
