x`'; • -

't • r •-77f5,1

"g7cr!rf!

7 ,

1 • * •

,vo

.. •

I

MONDAY EY

Il

. tbat the CO-
*. a *Ft pried.
dadia. • lig m-
ac it die Palmist at • Liailia-4 llsliaa fir AS *Wise of,
Wads .1 MC sod Literageso-kes astaildvw new att 01"1"-
veise—esem Wad 11001141144/md tnm
p. cavlar'•4l4 a g!ike of_ aami,rSeitefitigge•
*lslas Lands% ROMs usama,
Masai ft 101* inseams pass
• Saab isit'asat be Itad,airthe -Lidjh Mot Tea
dusk. • •
.LOll,lOOll 411D111111011111.A11011111TAIIT
11118111141.
14: fir
VATRIO* ADMAN 'Kt nil argot-.
NT 4010111114),Lb11811 a( LPN.* ma MOT:
111211114114 PhemadOssig. '
• *PI JOHai BA WOW% Ildst Ispissaest VW.
111111aryillisked so or &boo as tM i Imes, by ilsaap
. Matiesilarmli ItAbikbar. x. 41,
_ Or urban r . _ _

LISBON PAPERS.

LISBON, Fa. is.
fir Majesty has been pleased today tole,* a pub-
lic audience in the Palace of Beasposta, to a great
audilser of persons. His Majesty happily caper's:oos a
'regressive improvement in his health, and paying ana
wearied attention to the petitions of hislaithful subset
'receives the. all with the paternal regard of a Monarch
the failbfal imitator of the viitnes his august treetiia,
rier.aed under whose auspicious Government the ra
cer** dation enjoys tranquillity and happiness.
Of the 11th instant, at eleven in the
sou laving in the street Ensbraisador, in
pistols It itappenedlliat at that moment a _
Regiment passing, the.ball emended- one
soldiers in the arm I forturtately the wound was
We relate the fact simply as a passed, and'
bow it will be painted by those who are
the lying correspondence, and how it will
up is the Radical Journals of London.

. .

rigtilCU PA,

•

tai the tw• How
, • loideniiiragivia *Fala at dad Craws and And., tavern. In
- the Strand, as Saturday, the lath Insane, and riew-isk foe Signa-
tures at that place, and other easvesietit &adios in Land* and
Westualswer.—Yrbruary 19,1* S 9.
SALE BY AUCTION.

• PARIS; _ so.
•
The Duke de Mortemart, A mbassador of France to
the Cout t of Russia, arrived at Frankfort on the 14 h,
and set out the next morning for Sr. Poteisburgh.
A Journal' titiii-dky speaks of the departure of the
Russian Ambasaidor from Tutin. in such a manner as
to snake it appear that it has some political cause, but
we know that Count Wiironsow has left Piednsodt only
.to go and see hi. mother 9 who is ill.
It is 4Simed that the French frigate stationed in the
Tagus will receive orders to quit that east, or at least.
to cease to be is locus of conspiracy against the Gover-
nment of Don Miguel.
/kW& THZ JOURNAL DU CnUINICIC. vu.SM.

• GLAMO.ROANSHIRE.
m• Important and Teri Yahoo* Lordship and Minors of
NEATH ABBEY ESTATE,
CONTAINING Alain
SIX THOUSAND ACRES qv VALUABLE FREEHOLD

LAND;

Sliest* in the several Hamlets of Coed, Frank, Dxffryn,Oydaelt,
Bleeshoundan, Ynissimond, in the Parish of Cadaaton.
and County of Glamorgan ;
With the extensive OAK WOODS of Ins NAVAL TIMBER,
Working' COLLIERIF.S, IRON and COPPER WORKS,
- WHARFS. SHIPPING PLACES on the Navigable River
RATH, oldie value of near TEN THOUSAND POUNDS
n Tear.
TO BR SOLD BY AUCTION,
©NE-THIRD PAR r of this very valuable PRO-
PERTT, at Garraway's .Coffee-house, London, in the first
week in May neit, unless an acceptable offer is made by Private
lbeersct, of which previous notice 'will be given.
f'artleubta apply to Mr. Fox. Poslicanr, Reamlnuer, Dor.
'ennibilre ; Mr. Wickens, Solicitor, Montagu-street Russell-square,
jatisßip; Aasav Slurray, Surveyor, Land Agent, and Auctioneer,
St, St. Alattln'isAlne, Loodito.. Mr. A. Clayton. Cedoxtoo, near
Weals, will show the Estates to Intending Purchasers.

/SIPROVED w/agit PROOF RICK CLOTHS. WITH
ISLociti. POLES. AND ROPES CON, FLUTE.
.11ENJ Abl IN EDGING TON, 5. • Tnniey • street,
London, sole Manufacturer of a very superior CAN VAS,
Tloui to Wet. This ar kit, so necessary to every Nubian
ipicilttirist, is. in ease of a wet Season, indispensable ; ahl
k Is a well known fact that the cost was more than repaid duke&
Abe heavy rains vthkb fell last Season. By an inimediate appliet
MM to the Manufacturer, there will bee considerable saving in
41Itibe,,os the price will increase as she awned' 41 the wassens...
aglow% Penes, and Improved dressed Cloths merit ebe mu".
Mon of Gentlemen going to the Colonies, New South Wales, se
Isi et the Settlements, the Climate not affecting them, as they
. retain their pliability.
.Petting and Homing tot Fruit Trees, of eseellent quality.
N. 11.. Some graved-band Cloth., used only a few days at tie
Horticultural Fete, to be sold very reasonable.
reipaniculat to address at full, Bseuramai Enowovoe,S,
' *reit, London.
GOUT, RHEUMATISM, Ste. itc.
•-()XLEY% CONCENFRATED ESSENCE OF
VV JAMAICA GINGER.

,

This useful Medicine has been recommended by several eminent
Medical Men, and has for many years put obtained an established.
-repstatina It relieves and shortens the duration of Fits of the
• Gout, c naming them to the extremities, and mitigating the pa-
soxyann in Nervous Complaints, it warms and invigorates the
Stomach, removes Flatekncy, assists Digestion, and thereby

'strengthens the whole sperm. - •
'Prepared from the Original Recipe of Samuel Onley, her Ma.
"iesty's Chemist, by his Widow, Mis. S. Oiky, Pontefract, York-
shire; and sold by Messrs. Barclay's; Butler and to. Edwards;
Newnerys ; Sutton and. Co. and Sniger. London ; also by the
Venders et Medicines throughout the United Kingdom, in bottles,
• at 101; 6d. 41. 6d. and 2s. 9d. each.

TOOTH-ACHE AND EAR-ACHE.
illartgY.S. ESSENCE ha. rec.rived the sinctinn and
support of the most distinguished Personnels in the ilistld?m,
together with theithited testimony olds first Plo)sicians re nun**
and numerous favourable comments in highly respectable filedical•
Atire'lti,telsere it bas been declared to be the 4 Best thing ever`
• discovered for the Toutb-ache and F.ar-ache." It instantaneously
• felines the most eacruciating pain, preserves the Teeth sound and
allrenelarevents fourth,' decay, effectually cures the Scurvy in the
.euma, (Weal loose Teeth, and renders them firm and serviceable
• te the tams period, and effectually prevents the Tooth-ache...
Soli in Bottles at ts. led. and Sta. 9.1. by Messrs Butler, Chenilsts,
Cheapdde, corner of St. Paul's; Sackvine-street..-Oubiin; Princes.'
street, Edinburgh; Savory aad Co. 136, New Bond-strict and.
the principal NI/thane Venders in the Kingdom. !If whom max
be hid NIORIttS'S • BRUNSWICK COEN ••PLASTEIV,Itn
• 'atonal% Remedy for Eradicating Corm, Bunieni att.
N.B. Ask for Naives Essattca,for the Tooth Ache. • .
- • ••
AROWLANn and SON teipeetiully balk,' Ladies
i, and Gentlemen on purchasing Nlacassar Oil. not to take
ill ',Munn being inclosed with a Pamphlet in a •Wrapper, the
label baying thr words
•
4 ROWLAND'S MACASSAR OIL,"
ail sealed at each end, with the Name and Addiess, and signed

op the label in red.
" A. ROWLAND & SON, 90, Hatton Garden,"
. „
• atid cbtintersigted " Alex—Rowland." Price 31. 6d. 71. 10s. 64.
s 41x. pit buttle:.. All.other prices, or without the wrapperirsre
counterfeits. A valuable Supply of the Genuine is just received
by the most respectable Perfumers, Chemists, &e. (M whom may
be had
ROWLAND'S KALYDOR,
The most IN FA LL I LE SYNC' FIC for protecting the
&KIN and COMPLEXION from the COLD WINDS or
DAMP ATMOSPIIERE—and warranted innozious. hs worth.
Ins. maloratierproperties, immediately allays the. smarting irrita.
• IthirY of the Skin, reduce the most violent inlammation, heal
harsh and' south skin, and resist all disorders which disorganise
the hetfityff the female coontsnance, and, as increasing the fair
'trees and transparency of the skin, exceed all competition. It
• affords soothing relief to Ladies nursing their offspring. To Gen-
, elenters; after Shaving, It alloys the irritating and smarting pain, and
Senders the Skin smooth and pleasant.—Prier 4s. 6d. and Its. 6d.
per.l9ottle. Duty included.
esuisos.—To prevent Imposition, and by authority of the Ho-
nourable Commissioner of &amps, the name and address of the
Praptietor is engraved on the Government &amp, Ailed on the
cork of each genuine bottle, "A. ROWLAND & 50N,•20,
..lIATTON.GARDEN."
' Sold by Mr. Smyth, Perfiner, No. 117, New Bond:street;
R. Hendrle, Perfumer Tftchborne.street ; Sanger,.lso.. Oxford.
street; Delcrois, Na In, Gattie and Pierce 37, D. Nine. 35,
New Bond-street; Atkinson 59, New Bond-street and 44, Ger*
ard.strett ; Butler 4, CheaPside ; Balky and Blew. Cockspur-
' street; Pasty and Co. 37, Lombard Wee ; Berry and Lloyd, 18,
• Greek.street ; Low,' 330, and Prow' us, Strand; Burgess and
• Co. 64, Holborn kill; Sutton, Bow Church yard; lideraras 67,
. Newbery, 46, St. Aura Chertleyardi. Barclay and Sene,•9s,
• Flort.markett J. and T. Rigge, CS& Ckrapaida; &radii% RV
- thalt•Se** l'axikelstin( Os Her) boat ;.1111qe, O. and
jobisteas,4s, CgttMN..

„

. 14. • rI-7-4'

-ITE"-w4O-

7

•
i s
• , .
k•-•-• • ! • -
• • ;
•
• •
4
f" air

FICBIWARY 21t: LS

S,SSUNSWICK CONSTITUTIONAL CLUB.
DUBLIN. Fammay 19. •
'Meeting of that Club was held this day
1111t9 were about 1,200 persous as-
at Iva minutes past twelve, when the
was taken by the Earl of Emmamina, under the'
rapturous cheering. There wets present oe the
(Wenn, around the Chairman-
111aa linieffitatlideini, Lords Linefeed, Prantfeet, Dade;
Hareem Lees,. Br Inehard Steele, Slr Amerald Dancer, Or
Lego the Lord Nam Colonel C•000lie, Gerald Callaghaa
Aidssaian Berssferd, die Rev. Charles Berpoe. P.T.C.S. the
• 'Mesas Ships (eon of the Areblaiphop), Major &dm ibr
in
Ike.
Atonality-Geared Owls), Mr. Serpent Wray, Minot,
The Earl of Esussatuarr, on taking the Chair,
addressed the Meeting, statiag that His pried.
had undergone an change, end that he was es de-
i sided to um every exertion within his ability
•• preserve the Pm/want Constitution inviolate, oo
Ater who might souustpt to dimros it.--(Chear9.
The Earl of vs awned the filet 11.0"--'
' stated that of the Protour

w.:

that beautiful "Itt)(tee'-t be defated ay the comansena-,
Linn of Popish superstition and slavery.
.Sir A Da wean (of the county of Tipperary) seconded
the Resolution, and expressed his determined hostility
to Popish concession,
• The Resolution was adored amidst the ends; cla•
morons applause. •
Lord Dunn (ton of the Earl of Clanearty and
nephew of the Archbishop of Tuam) moved the second
Resolution. The measures of concession proposed by
.tbe apostate Ministers.of the King were a bonus for
Popish treason, and the loyal Prdestants f Ireladd
were to be sacrificed to the delusions spread throughout
the Empire by the Demagogues of that liens of sedi-
tion, called the Catholic Association. He had no bed.
Cation in charac:erismg the proposed changes as a cutin.
ter-revolution, and they should be so regarded.
Colonel Couottv (Chairman of the last meeting it
she Kildare-place Society) next addressed the meeting.
What a pass have we come to, said he, when a Pontes.
rant King, in his Speech from the Throne, is influenced
ton recomme:ad concessions to the Papists—when hii
Majesty is oliged to tall for powers to ittppiess the
As ciati•in I No 'matter who were the supporters of the-
treasonab e attempt, it could.not be effectual against
Protestantism; for truth could not mice into falsehand:
The Gallant Colonel thedadverted to the former.de-
aerations of Mr. Peel regarding the Catholic Clitestion,'
but the mentirmi.s of Mr. Peel's name produced 'nth
deafening shouts of disapprobation that the speaker
could not proceed for mime minutes When he obtained
heisting, he said that the cote proposed by the Kine's
Ministers was worse than the disease, and they should
call on his Majesty to appeal to the nation. They should
not consent to see the King of England compelled to
field to Popish i.atimidation—(Rapturous applause)
The Biunsiv-ckers were called exclusionist, ; but they
would cease to be sn when Cash alite profelised the same
SOUltii principles as themselves.
Thy Resolution (stating that the measures of entices-
sion.were nut called for by necessity) was then put and
earri-d.
Lord FnatoltlOnr read t'ie nest It solution, and
Jew-ieseeneceseary to make any mule, vations, as
Colonel Conolly had left him nothing to say.
Mr, LILLY, of-Castlekelly, n at addressed the meet
dingo A lengthened aid very talented speech. He thus
described Popery:—" Give it connivance, and it will
~seek toleration—give it toleration, and it will se k
equality—give it equality, and. it will seek ascendancy
.—(Loud and continued cheering). Ascendancy once
gained, and it will not stop short of subversion."—
(Uproarious chee:ing).
:Kr. Sergeant Ltritilt to ked upon the contemplated
isse.sstates with great distrust. He th-ught they were
rat bunded with.dangers and diffi ulties col an alarming
Salute. What the proposed measures were to be they
had not been told; but of one thing they were assure..,
that they would please all parties—(Hear, heat). He
had his doubts on that head.- Sufficient had been al-
ready known to wart ant ham iii thinking that the tea
moval of Popish disabilities Would 'Tench a little on
;the Act of Settlement—(clear, hear). This would in.
dace him to thi ik all pirtie; c.aul I ant he plea-ed. He
*null prelim tee an opposite verdict—(Cheers). It was
a dangerous experiment to remorse a lan imark, espe.
cially when of • eery' old articling. Bost-it sfemet that
every thing old was thensot.of fa,bion; he would, how.
era r. .undertake to prove that the proposed measures
wruld endanger the peace of. the counts y; and were in-
couipatibie with the spirit of the Constitution. They
'would re..dei perilous the occupation of the Throne—
(Hear, bear). If one principle of exclusion were re.
rmosed, every other, by degrees, would f allow. Mee.
I.another boon to thi ft-man Catholics, and they would
only bi come more dissatisfied and ungrateful. The
Learned Sergeant then read several sections of the Act
of Settlement the better protection of the. Protestant
religion. Thus the Protestant Constitution was tae
rounded by a triple guard, securing its b!es4its to us
and our clulJ; en for ever... One of the guards war to
be removed. Truly it might be said that a new light
had sprung up amoni4 them. Take away one, and what
would becr-me of the other two? On, for soot!), ,eciiii,.
ties were offered. He knew not the value of securities
_site could not but say that the proposed measures
went to take away the suSstance, and leave the shadow
.—(Hear, liesi).. What is a Protestant King without
Protestant Ministers? He can do no act without their
advice. .He cannot change the Constitution unl as
under ih- penal'y of forfeiting his Crown—(Ct eers).—
And then his subjectaare absolved from their allegiance
(Cherrano The evil coonsell"ts of James, according
in Rapin, .ere the Jesuits—(Hear, hear), and by lis-
tening to them he Icht his throne. It bad been said that
the Dissenters were admitted into the pale of the Con-
stitution. They deseived it. They were often tried,
and always.frouricf to be loyal and honourable. The
Learned Sergeant next took a view of the state of the
c wary, from the dethronement of James to the present
time, and contended that.the conduct of the Roman
Colville, had been such as to render them incapabie of
fi ling offices of trust in the State. He would call their
.artention to the Coronation Oath—(l4 uJ.ch ering).. By
that oath he was bound to protect the Church, and
tneserve its possessions:for Prorestents--(Heasuhear).
They all had.an.interest iR the. Cliaich Estafilishiment
the religion of tagland was an true one, ;bias es-
tended all over the world, throtricit.whiett it ditosed.iis
!gushy. If--Catholics be admitted intq Pailiann4
•

- •
Z

004••• A

_ i

1-- • -
of'
-4.• •
A . •

• st: - •

. ,
Ada

'will Asp net dissent (ennuis*. Pent.* sets; oW almost
.11 sedNel troestloos—Ohneih pantussge—supplies—
' the sellibet of 'scriptural *Justices— ,rid the payment
tithe f own Classy? Such mss the view he had taken
10f the question, and he Vested bet the people were so
salted and determined as to psererve ConAitatiOal
according to its original Me sniog, pure and inviolate....
,Tbe Leaned Sergeant sat down amidst loud cheering.
`Loid Lawutotto would only say Chit every day'
sittperiects:esabled hi., to support his tormer opinion
that no further concessions thnold be granted to th
Catholics. It was a notorious fact that they Isaias to
us.eJ any boon but they because {amorous and iris
emit. Atter being pat tially telieved by the Att. or 179
'My commenced s scene of turbulent agitation, slihi
Waded in the Rebelhob of 1798. Was that Via way
llMPlaas their gratudets Again. is 1803, thry looks
Aso a fresh insurrestelle. Re e these eiscom•isncess
sufficiently strong its warping all loyal tuSietts to'
no thgps wish stispieiell, and not to give to Pop
*hatbelon,ed.M.iasp principle of tight and
to

}Ch; _ hint Min k &durably on a ,
pie who, fur the last linty years. were spreading the •
seeds of anarchy and confusion throughout.the Em-
pire. The Learned Gentlemats took a view of the
different societies of Ireland, from the time of the
volunteers to the present day. and c,,ntended that the
engines of democracy were bosily employed in work-
ing the deuruction of the Constitution, the principle of
which he explained with great accuracy and care. AU
offices of trust are created for the benefit of the State,
and on the principles of the Constitution, and, con•
sequently,. are to be filled by persons whose prinei.
pies and opinions ale favourable to the establidiment
add maintenance of the Church and. State. Alter the
Constitution had been founded, it was discovered that
the Catholics were inimical to its principles. and, con•
sequently measures were adopted to exclude them flora
i:ffices where their powers and influence would become
danadoos to the State, and subversive of the order of
society'. Such were the causes that led to the enactment
t•I the Penal Laws,wben the real-friends of their country
felt alarmed at the open and avowed determinattms of
the Roman Catholics to destroy that venerable falitie—
the boast and glory of oat loval ancestors,who were the
friends and founders of con;titutional liberty. AT., we
now to pay •no regard to the lab Isis of our forefathers.
and not reflect odiously on the reasons that induced
-them to enact the statutes which they found imam.,
in supporting the digni.y of the Croun and the peace
of the Entree?' It. then, the contemplated ctrange
of the Bente Book take place. what shill we
think' of the Cabinet Ministers? Why. 'that they be.
coine the traffiAers of their country's rkfits• and
liberties, and dispose of places and pensims in uricy de-
fiance of the principles of the Const,totion. By holding
out hope' to the Roman Catholics,' are the Ministees not
insulting the Pariteuants of this country ? 1); they not
a ireskness of mind, or an igni.rance of thelatiro.
when they descend at ackeewle tge the girl's tery of
granting any further concessi,ms ? Out 01 the istienty
aorllionsot British subjects on;y a small proportiOn can
fill official situations; and would it not be an infringe.
mein on their rights to dispose of vacant sitirati ots to
ssersaips whit ate avowedly their enenves in fiviiious
and dell affairs? When the Roman Catholics are known
to pay obedience to a farrigoPuwer,wasrr to be espected
that they could he entrusted with the duties of anyier.
portant offices? rimy could nut deny but treat was
a dangerous innovation on the laws ut the country,
which he hoped the peciple would meet with firmness
and determination.—(Mr. &min sat down amidst the
most boisterous cheering).
Toe H in. JAMES KING, Sr RICHARD STESI.I4 cOl.
CONOLLT, and other Gentlenieu, afterwards addsessed
the Matting.
An Address to his Majesty, and-another to the people
of England, was then read and adored by the Meeting.
The Karl of ltathdown was then called to the Chair,
arid thank- returned to the Earl of for his
conduct in the Chair, and his attachment to the Mons-
% ick cause.
The Aleeting separated at sir o'clock.

-PORTSMOUTH. FIUIRLIART 21.
-

PETITION AGAINST THE CATHOLICS. •
The announcement last week of a Petition to the
Hi uses of Parliament against concession to the Catholics
being under preparation for signature, incited those
aim advocate cencessiig taratiche.s a requis lion to the
•Islayor, on Tuesday, to convene a Pr,bl.c M:e ing, oa to
consider the proper steps to be taken to promote the
liberal and beneficent views of our &vertigo, and to
support the measures propesed by Government."—The
Mayor, in compliance with i., appointed yesterday for
the Meeting, which was accordingly held at noon, at
the Beneficial Society's Hall at Portsea. Scan, 'how-
ever; alto-the buskins of the day had been ni coed, it
was agreeJ to adjourn the assembly to S'..Ge,.rge's-
square. whete, alter some delay, wagga ns were pr..
cured and formed into a circle, from which the several
speakers addressed themselves. The Mayor, EDWARD
CARTRR, Esq. was in the Chair.
Dr. Ismail, after some introductory observations,
moved a Petition in favour of Catholic Emancipation.
Mr. HOWARD seconded the Resolution.'
Mr. NAYLIR then .presented himself, and at once
moved the following Ameodment.....4 That it is the opi•
niun of this Meeting. that the Roman Catholic subjects
of these realms do enjoy all the civil and religit tit li.
betty which is compatible with the safety at a people
whose Institutions are altogether Protestant,-and that
no further concessions should belmade." • •
Mr. WILLIAMS seconded the Amendment. •
Mr. Holism., a Gentleman who has travelled ryes'
the greater part of the world, exposed the pernicious
effects of Popery in all the countries in which it is suf.
ferret to prevail.
The Rev. T. MACDONALD emphitically observed,
that the Catholic Church ought to repeal its decrees
against Protestants before it called upon Protestants to
repeal the laws made in their own defence. •
Mr. °transoms spoke in favour of the original
motion ; and after Mr. Logo and Mr. Monate-bad de-
livered their sentiments—
:The queition was called for, and the amendment put,
when there appeared, from a show of hands, ix tptkjority
in its favour of about five to three. The sea*. of the
Meeting was again collected upoq the. question, by the
division of the tuemtily, those friendly to the miginai
, .

. ' .
• • •
• •
mommesumeamaprmo
i;1•0001
THE. CQLO‘IIIIIIII.
• k Public is tooptetfoill informed,
• LOASSUM is mow orstrier lospeetkob A
'mum to the sods* demplitlia 'et the dodo.
• lilt el die Painting of* Leadio—i dose lee

. . - - • - . _ - . .• •
_ . . • 1
14 THE. CaLOISEUM. LISBON PAPERS. . . .
RPOblic is reepectfelly informed, that the CO-
. --ores-- •
I,...tatioNswirct CtONSTITUTIONAL CLUB. will sleep list dissent from Air ora‘rwmset: oil af ft----.-- orost
hr ' ail aadiklel erestioas—(Britoil panunsge—supplies..-
IJSBON, Vas. ca. • DUBLIN. PIIMIIMIT 19. ,-
LOSIIBUM is mew for laspretlea cap a skrart tertad• 1&: Majesty . •
1 pootoot to *tumors titootion'ot tu• 4,,k0. 'spy mein coo. lii, has been pleased co-day lesiva a pub. :....... ' lleeelel Sleeting of this Club was held this day the 'alike of scriptural admatioes— god the payment
Th.,. wet. about Lgoo „moos as. of the r own Cl Such mos the siva. he had taken
. lilt ef. dhe Midas er. Loadia_4 -Goa. ke ag.. am.. 14.., „ lit Maresca in the Palace of Bemposta,. to a gnat 4,/v .., - into**
lAA. a Ant..mig iherases"s „again. ' si.Z-op;;„. •nuMber of Raines. His Msjesty happily experiences a p.- . .at twasty-firs minutes past twelve, when the ed. the question, and he Vusted that the people were so
was taken by the Earl of Erreisztu.eu. under tyre Gaited and determined as to reserve t..e ConAitatimit
i....,.._....... ag...., dis.
....A ..w.,_ man progressive improvement in his health. and paying so. ,O,
s'drapturous cheering. There were ream on the accoodong to its original meths, pure and insiolatarii
•.. cseuis:474 :kooks
if. sammol'a; ' "'''' . s. uses- wearied attention in the petitions Of hislaithful subjects. - 'The Leerned Sergeant sat down amulet loud' cheering.
' *kW Riiidisia' Rosita, remits them all with the paternal teased of a Meagrely.•amend the Chairman The
d 9019099 1 i
llehanilletaZ IlliMbip tar; *Mk" - imassdist, paaS the.faidtfal imitator of the viitues Of his enlist iteaSA • a ltatbsiewe' Lord. laisehed. vesahreets Dade; .LA w" d" y stly thlt evtry day's
~.., • moan Lees,. Sk illekard &este Mr Ameratd Dieser Of expersakevaiabled him to upon t his Winer opinions
. 'll. larri.tbe Lard li Colonel beeolie, Gerald Csaii;han that na further concessions th- alrld bse granted to the
• • taro ear eedeseire await bo god4edmillidi-1440, ftgal Ti. tots....md nods. whose auspicious Government the rah- am
, - corpse Ration enjoys tranquillity and hippie**. ~ Aliases Beessferd, doe Rev. Charles Berea. P.T.C.IS. the
. Thaw maces ow a the Ammo*. mint seek,.
the Catholics. It was a notorious fact Ili at they oleo of ie.
.-- ......—..--..-.1, _
_A ♦ 04 she l 1 th instant, at eleven in the morishig. mper• _
14111"11 thw ? soil hying in the wee; Erubrailador, •
i Bala -OK .14111"7434tadat (esedal Illr• Sequa Leroy, Mau* 'reload any boon but they Weiner timorous and arm-
ViirlntrlaniftEllilOTßlTAN_
. . 11 111, og a • lieu gest. Atter being partially. telieved hy the Act.of 1795,
111181111411. . Pi** Ir happone4 that at that momenta
•4. die .I.The Earl of Res
~..
... . !' Fos Isi•mosil offigeir , . . 14 resent sal theliall ',minder:UT
gh Imam, on labial: the Clink. they comsnenced * scene of turbulent agitscioot %Mich
.'' ._ addressede ing. stating that his pried. ended in the Rebelhols of 1798. Ws% clue thsr way to
.A PTRIOVIC., spolzatt•Tor
stlfg isig*N- soldiers is the aeon I fortuaately the wooed wee had undergone ao change, and that he was es de- tapes. their gratudet Again, is 1803. Or, bunko out
' lkete?401111/116.1.18814 1.911410$ owl .11111 - Ws relate the fact simply as k passed' and '•• ore
lialliTgfit sod PhesaadOessa. • • bow it will be painted by tb who are - ,"' Isitb 'salver to use every exertion within his ability sato a helots insurreetieS. Re sr these cocout.isnce* not
Preserve the Preeotent Constitution inviolate, no %officiously strong its wareim. all loyal su'vjects to look
' *Pt Jollsl SALMIS% Net estriseefeetbse. the lying correspoediacet, and how it wills** -• •. tine who might ameaspt to dincro it.Chearq: no them with suspieioet and not to give to Pordorn
. Illitairgoillshad est waft. IllieMidi'il weal, byliesier Wm. up is the Radical Journals of Condos. '•. TM Bad of Egreillealleg moved theist Itabbeims. *hat belonged. by y principle of right and justice
Nmeastbried Pabnikw. No. at, Illearlittlybistresr. Ittubbiars, .
40 , stated that , •of the re mastast Oeltellve4 • '
ato • ettantielL - r
~•
Or urban pay •
. imEtimu rA PEW •
..- ,•
• arias .... . . erlrst-ttlestyr
. ..._,, :..."._ 7'l •
_• liilb..._lw.• '
..__.k.::::"44"-____ i.s. _
.:. ' that beautiful "ilahke:-t ,be deface •by the asaaamona- (rho indere , hie/1,114.A faecuribly on •I - a class 4, 7. 1::
