CHARGE.

Surplus -

Exchequer Bills issued to make good the Deft-
the Consolidated Fund, at Sth Jan.
charged on the growing produce of
Consolidated Fund, sth April, 11122 -
Deduct Surplus 'toed as above
\ mount to be provided for by an issue of
Hills charged on the growing pro- --
Consolidated Fund, sth July, 1622 e4:7,366,734

8,021,303
1,554,569

./slf^/',

.:r ---

rig",ncv

~~

FRENCH PAP IS
PARIS, APRI4 • '
An express was dispatched this horning from the
Hotel of ilia Russian Ambassador forik. Petersburgh.
An extraordinuy courier has arrived this morning
from Madrid.
The individual arrested in the deceurlent of the
Sarthe, and who was mistaken for 1 Berthon,
arrived last night at Paris, with an escort, and was
conveyed.to the Prefecture of the Police.
On the 27th, a domiciliary visit was made in the
apartment of M. Bodin, at Rennes; he was formerly
Captain of the Staff, and was absent. Two letters
from General Berthon were found among his papers.
According to the .&ho of the West, from which we
take these details, one, dated 1818, was written by
the General to d. Bodin, who had formerly been his
Aid-de-Camp. The other, of 1821, relates to an ac-
count for a pamphlet, some copies of which the lat.
ter had been commissioned to dispose of.
"We learn," says the Echo, that, by an order
of the Minister of the Interior, sent by telegraph, M.
Bodin has just been arrested in the family of his
mother, at Ponte I'Abbe, and conveyed to the prison
of Quimper."
It is said, that just as M. Bodin was arrested, he
was preparing for a journey.
A new domiciliary visit has been made in the
house of M. Cossen, at Nantes, which does not seem
to have furnished the Police with the information
which they sought.
HERMANSTADT, MARCH is.
The news from Moldavia and Wallachia inspires
horror. The Asiatic troops lay waste everything
with fire and sword. Even the city of Jassy was on
fire in several places on the 12th March ; whole
streets were burnt to ashes: we tremble for Bucharest.
The Kiaja Bey has published, that if he was forced
to evacuate the country he would carry all the male
inhabitants into slavery, and that he would not leave
a village standing. The fugitives reach our frontiers
almost naked, the soldiers strip them of all their clothes.

VIENNA, MARCH ILI.
A courier who arrived unexpectedly from Cont.
stantinople the day.before yesterday, has brought
news from that capital of the 6th of March. The
Divan has decidedly rejected the Russian ultimatum,
and the Reis Effendi has notified this rejection in a
note to the Ministers of the mediating Courts, con-
ceived in no very temperate terms. The note which
our Internuncio, Count Lutzow, dispatched immedi-
ately after to our Court was instantly communicated
to the Russian Ministers, Golorkin and Tatischeff,
who immediately transmitted it to the Court of St.
Petersburgh. We are impatient to know if M. de
Tatischeff will prolong his stay in this capital.

SALEM, MARCH 18.
(IPRIVILTE LESI2II.)
Tartars dispatched from Constantinople on the
10th of March, have brought important news to the
Pacha of Belgrade, and to the Servian Prince Milosch.
What I had foreseen and ..aid in my preceding letters
has been fully confirmed. The death of Ali Pacha
has not only inflamed the heads of the Turkish po-
pulace, but the Divan itself partakes in the general in.
toxication. On the 28th of February last, the Grand
Council of the Sublime Porte assembled all the Chiefs
of the Ortas of the Janissaries, and several Ullmas
had been summoned to this sitting of the Divan,
which is never done except when a declaration of war
is in agitation. The assembly unanimously decided
to reject the proposals of Russia, the acceptance of
which had been so warmly urged by the Ministers of
Austria and Great Britain. The Reis Effendi imme-
diately announced to the European Ministers, by a
Note conceived in terms the most insulting to Russia,
that all its demands were rejected. It is said that
Russia had violated the Treaty of Bucharest, by re-
fusing to deliver up the traitor and rebel Suzzo ;
and that, far from delivering him up to the just ven-
geance of the law, it had received him in the most
friendly manner, and had supplied him with money
for his support; that another enemy of the Porte,
Alexander Ypsilanti, had appeared in the Russian
uniform, and was, in fact, but an agent of that Court ;
that the Greek churches might be one day rebuilt,
but never till the rebellion of the Greeks was entirely
stifled ; that the principalities of Moldavia and Wal-
lachia coul.l not be evacuated till the same epoch ;
and that, as for the nomination of Hospodars to
govern those provinces, the Porte was resolved never
more to intrust such functions to Greeks, which is
equivalent to the total annihilation of the political
existence of the two provinces. In short I could net
believe the testimony of my eyesight on reading this
authentic act, so contemptuous and insulting is the
style of it; and it is easy to foresee the impression
which such a Note must make on the Emperor Alex-
ander, however mild and pacific he may be, and
though the Greeks for some time past have accused
him of looking with indifference on their cause and
their misfortunes" _ _

After having pitied the Greeks, the author of the
letter deplores also the fate of the European Diplo-
matists at Constantinople, who, after ten months'
constant efforts and daily labours, behold the arro-
gance and insolent audacity of the barbarians to de-
stroy the whole pacific edifice which they had taken
such pains to rear.
A new Turkish army is assembling in the environs
of Nyssa, and another on the frontiers of Bosnia.
The troops in the environs of Sophia have set out for
the Danube. It is expected that the Turks will shortly
enter Servia, and the situation of Prince Milosch,
when hostilities bleak out, may become very critical.
lONIAN ISLANDS.
Accounts from Zante of 11th February, say, that
the division of the Ottoman fleet which lately left
Constantinople has been seen off Navarino. It con-
sists of six ships of the line and two frigates, and has
troops and ammunition on board. According to the
last accounts only four millions were found in Ali's
treasury (3,600,000 francs).
AUGSBURGH, MARCH sa.

The news that we received today from Warsaw
positively announces war. The Generals-in-Chief of
the Russian Armies of the South and the West have
had to attend a Council of War at the grand head-quar-
ters at Minsk, in which the operations of the cam-
paign have probably been decided on, after dispatches
brought by an extraordinary courier from St. Peters-
burgh. It seems that the Russians will shortly enter
Wallachia and Moldavia.
It is affirmed, that in a Note subsequent to its ul-
timatumb Russia had demanded of tlia Porte a large

-

Private letters say, that the arrogance of the Divan
was such in its negociation with the Ministers of Aus-
tria and England, that the latter, who has exhausted
all the resources of diplomatic skill to ensure the
maintenance of peace, was himself Wearied out.
The rejection of the ultimatum has given a de-
cisive blow to the Austrian paper currency. From
the 22d to the 25th of March, the great banking and
commercial houses at Vienna sent numerous expresses
to their correspondents in the commercial cities of
the west of Europe. On the other hm.d, the Office
of Foreign Affairs and the British Minister at Vienna
have dispatched courier upon courier to London.
The silence of the Austrian Observer on the critical
state of the political affairs of the east of Europe is
very remarkable. People are curious to see the style
of the first article which their Ministerial journal
(which has never been a moment favourable to the
cause of the Greeks) will publish on this subject.
Faunas FUNDS.-Aprit 2, Five per Cent. Consols.—Opened at
871. 50c. declined to 871. 35c. closed at 87E 60c.—April 3, Five
per Cents.—Opened at 87f. soc. closed at 871.80 c.

'IIIIE VEN LNG STAR.

lON isE .

SATURDAY, APRIL 6, 1522.
THE FUNDS.

. •

Meftb, gives the following accc►am of he
between the Turks and the Greckl:
March the Greek fleet, 70 sail bt ntunber, Wee
' Patras, where the Turkish Beet, nea ly equil in
before it. The battle that ensued m 3. foe, n
on both sides it continued during the
night ; the darkness, indeed, interrupted h
far some moments, but It was always renewed With much fury
and lasted twenty-eight hours. At the end; the Terkbh Beet:
which was completely defeated, Wes forced to seek safety in
flight. The meek was, that the Greeks captured 21 ship, ran
five Turkish Air tgrotted, and blew up two Algerine
The Greeks lost 'even vessels, which were sank, and their Tice.
Admiral, Betas*, With his bit. Tith brave Captain, being
between the two xebecs, Bred a red-hot ball at one of them.
which fell into the powder roses; and set fire to the vestei._
In blowind up it destroyed aho the Vice-Admiral's brig and rye
other xebec. The Taste, pressed on all sides, Bed with the rest
of their ships, and hastened to the Gulf of Impanel% The Greek,
having detached some of their vessels to convoy their' prizes to
Nevada°, followed to the aboxementiosted Gulf Without Oita.

de, through the Little Dardanelles, and prosecuted their ad-
vantages."

This forenoon we received a German Mail, bring.
ing Frankfort Papers to the Ist inst. The following
are the only extracts of importance:

FRANKFORT, MARCH M.

The following.is from Vienna, dated March 23:
An express, dispatched from Constantinople on the
28th of February, has brought the answer of the Reis
Effendi. It appears that this Note is unfortunately
of such a nature as to render useless the mediation
of the three Powers; and that, notwithstanding all
their efforts to preserve peace, the obstinacy and the
infatuation of the Sublime Porte will render this war
inevitable. But even in case it should take place, it
will be carried on like that of Naples, in full concert
with the Allied Powers ; and even before it is under-
taken, they will previously arrange together the re-
sults of the different chances which this war may
have. Thus we see that the mission of M. de Tatis-
cheff is not near its termination. The metalliques
have experienced a new depression to-day ; they are
quoted at 74 5-16ths; the Bank Shares at 668 2.sthr.

S eieney of t
1 1822, and I
the Consolk
Total Armen
Y.:chequer
duce. of the

ism, to indemnify it for the expenses caused by the the 15th of Match,
great armaments which it !polleen compelled to naval engagement
make, in consequencOolphe ial/brAkdon of Abe Greeks on the ad ?dams
and sanguinary scenes lit Cobstantinople. The lame into the chard Patrai
thing was done when Auettits sOt an army to oc- number, had arrived b
copy the kingdom of Naples. with great obstinacy
AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, MARCH 31. greatest part of die ni
