NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.

CAPTAIN!.

Michael Dwyer, to the Bittern.
Sir James Brisbane, Knt. C.B. to the Boadicea.
Wm. S. Arthur, to the Bustard.
Rawdon Maclean, to the. Carnation.
John Chrystie, to the Conflict.
Pat. Campbell, C. B. to the Ganges.
Francis Brace, to the Gannet.
Win. Cumberland, to the Genoa.
James Scott, to the Harlequin.
Thomas Furher, to the Helicon.
Sir William Wiseman, Bart. to the Jupiter.
H. 11. Christian, to the Owen Glendower.
T. Pennington, to the Pike.
John Adams (a), to the Pelter.
Joseph O'Brien, to the Renegade.
Wm. Webb, to the Rifleman.
Nich. Lockyer, C.B. to the Romney.
David I)unn, to the Samarang.
Robert Stuart. to the Sparrowhawk.
Hugh Duwnman, to the Windsor Castle.

Jacob Pitfield, to the Banu ; John F. Dawson, And. Baird, Wm,
Duke, Jos. Grote, Boadicea; Nich. Itobilliard, And. Smith (h), Jas.
S. &Thum, Britannia ; Thos. Gray (a), Bulwark ; Edw. Smith (11,
Chas. Dimock (act.), Bustard ; John Billingsley, Cambridge ; Thos.
Mitchell (b), Carnatimr; Sam. Wm. Al4Clellan, Cherokee; Hun.
E. G. Sinclair, Clio; Sir Thos. S. Paley, Bart. Eclair; Smyth
Griffith, Eden; Thos. Ross, Egeria ; F. 11. Le Niesurier, Eves& ;
Henry Dolman, James V. Baker, C. 11. Bin,-tead, Gauges; Fred.
(;illy, Gannet ; Thus. Smith (b), Edw. Kelly, Wm. Morris (h),
Thos. Hardy, Henry It. Stull, Genoa; Samuel Williams (acs.,
Helicon; Wm. Hensley and John 1). Robinson, Herald; S. W.
Oldham, Hind ; Geo. Young (a), Ja.. C. Bennttt, Win. Forrester
(act.), Thos. Stephenson (Flag), Isis; Edmund Peel, Jaseur ; Hen.
Ashfield and Wm. L Stephens, Jasper rydward Plaggenburg, Ju-
piter; Henry Poingdestre and Thus. Eyton, Maidstone; dward
Webb, Naiad; IVm. Peatie. Niemen; HumpSry Butler and N.
Wroots ( Hag), Ocean; Rd. H. King, Owen Glendower ; Juhn
ril,Donell, Pandora; Henry Jos. Puget, Phaeton; Rd. Wm. Ikte.
derson and Fol. Pennell (act.), Pyramus ; Charles Henry Seale,
Jas. B. Somerville, Edw. C. Kerte, Thos. D. Stewart, Wm. B. Strug-
nen, Wm. Thomas, Thos. L. Knevitt, Jas. Carter (a), Geo. Hum-
phreys, Joint H. Ilelhy, ltd. Carter, Morrice Cowen, Wm. Jones
(d), Hen. IL Johnstone, Sam. Brokensha, Sam. Ilellard, and Chas..
It, Gordon, Ramillies; Gordon M' Donald and Russell Elliott
(act.), Rattlesnake; Chas. Gayton (act.), Rifleman ; Wm. Turner,
Romney; Thomas Gregory and Wm. Barwell, 'Rose ; Wm. A.
Willis, Samarang ; Chas. H. Price, Serapis ; Hugh Berner, Spar.
rowhawk ; Edward Bayley, Spartiate; Henry Jellicoe, Thetis;
Edmund Wilson, Tribune; Walter Toby and Wm. J. Tullub, Vic-
tor; Geo. H. Dabbs, Victory ; Wm. D. Puget, Wellesley ; A. IL
P.l'. Hamilton, John Faulknor, limey M. Short, Windsor Cauk.

0

;ST INDIA SILVERY•

LETTER EIL-PART t.

THE EDITOR OF THE STAR.
last Letter I sheaved that the Quarterly
.maintained, that sugar could not be cults-
present, with profit by the Planters, if the
suddenly emancipated ; and I asserted
had maintained a contrary argument. I
explained the true tendency of the argu-
evierv, and considered the question upon
~is of reasoning, independently of facts.
letter, I propose to demonstrate that Arr-
intained a contrary argument; and-that
ig the facts which he has stated, they are
;sisting him when properly examined, that
to be precisely those most calculated to
statement of the Reviewer.

then, that ANGLUS employs the contrary
obliged to cite a long quotation from
ler;—" Is not the Reviewer aware that
Slaves in the West Indies, even now,
:aise, in considerable quantities, for their
such articles as they dare to raise or
aid will bring a good price in the mar-
ls hogs, fish, poultry, firewood, grass ye-
, rovisions, and fruit ? As for sugar, cotton,,
:ocoa, or other goods or merchandize of any
Vincent's law, clause 73), Slaves are in-
im selling them, under severe penalties.
suppose that ; sugar plantation in Ja-
divided into little farms of five or ten
and let to the more industrious of the
id that the Proprietor kept the sugar
own hands, assuring those who might
cultivate the sugar cane of a ready mar-
it his manufactory ; the same stimulus
ild exist in this case, which now exists for
, dui ing the brief pittance of time granted
wide food for themselves and their fami•
periluous quantity of yams and plantains,
wanges and pine apples, and pigs and
Ali which they supply so abundantly all
of the Islands. Can the Reviewer assitt
:axon why they should not grow sugar
ply the neighbouring mill, as readily as
ow other articles to supply the demand
markets ; or dates he fear that labourers
be hired to assist in manufacturing sugar
wages were afforded?
ocates of slavery, as of every bad cause,
:onsistent in their reasonings. It has be-
.shion among them of late to represent in
/El certainly exaggerated colours, the pro.
,mulated by Staves, the produce of their
tatty labour, during the fragment of time
.m by their Ma:ters. Thus, Sir Ralph
.eil, us hoW the Slaves in Trinidad may
:h beyond the wants of the utmost ambi-
pfligacy. Thus, Mr. R. Hibbert's affidavit
'be the Slaves on Georgia Estate as wet-
abundance. Thus, a"Dr. Stobo, -with a
minute statistical research, has produced a
-count of property accumulated by the
.'ortola. in short, we hear from all quar-
%Yea Indies, not only of the desire of the
acquire property, but of their efficiently
the means within their power to that end.
what circumstances is this effected ?
;e sanding of time at. their own dispo-
with every temptation to seek repose, in
to active employment, which can be sup-
atural indolence, or by the exhaustion of
tted labour under the lash, for five or six

week, for the benefit of another,—they,
.less, so diligently and skilfully appropriate
'ling, either in cultivating their grounds,
ing for hire, as to add greatly to their
Ind even to amass wealth. Such is ac-
statement, not only of many of the West
it of the Quarterly Reviewer himself, in,
:hth number (pp. 491 and 492.)
iewer's difficult and perplexing problem is
heady solved. He himself may be adduced
lat a stimulus has been already found, of
potency than the whip, as alone capable
ig the labour of the Negro beneficial to the
He will find it hard, by the utmost exer-
metaphysical skill, to convince reasoning
country, that if a Negro will work indus-
.om moral motives, on a Sunday or Satur-
a not also be influenced by the same mo-
ork industriously on the other five days of
The problem then, I say, is solved by the
testimony of the West Indians and the
Their own statements and admissions, if
out to all their consequences, would be suf.
~rove, not only that the Negroes are fit for
but that their freedom would be a pecuniary
less to their Masters than to themselves."
enquires, does the Reviewer fear that la-
id not be hired to assist in manufacturing
adequate wages" were offered? I presume
iewer would answer to this question, that he
that' some labourers would be hired to

Inufacturing sugar; but that he has the
possihle doubts, that if the manufacture of su-
depend solely on the services obtained from
that it could be carried on with any profit
italist; in other words, the wages which
be found adequate in the earlier periods of
sudden emancipation, to tempt the Negro
the attractions of a life of indolence, would

be ro high as to encroach upon the profits of
inous degree. The Reviewer haserplained,
explanation has been fiequently repeated, and
Ipos in these letters, that in proportion as
ion is gradual, and made to depend upon the
y of the Slave, the dater of a total failure
labour being furnished to Proptietors of
ings, and machinery will be proportion-

'hole question between the Reviewer and AN-
- whole question between the ultra, and the
Abolitionists, is involved in this query

such circumstances it is necessary toenter into
!ical details, and to collect such scattered
ay exist, on the subject of wages and free
%%est India Agriculture.
iopt the conclusions of Mr. Whitmore, in
the present and future prospects of Agri-
England, with respect to the principles which
the rate of wages. Every one must be
says Mr. Whitmore, " that a habitation,
Certain portion of food, of clothing, and of fuel
'ssary to the sustenance, and the healthful
tation of mankind. The quality and quantity

of each May, and in fact do Wiry In every country:
"a Oarlaiion arising from dissate.from civilisation, dad
"from the psculior habits of each people. It is equally
ti clear, that the poor cannot command these necessaries,
" unless they obtain such a price for their labour as
" *ill enable them to purchase them." And as there is

a natural and a market price of wages, as of every-
thing else, that is dependent on labour for itLcreation,
I have to enquire in what degree climate, civilization,
and the peculiar habits of the people, influence the
natural and the market price of the wages of labour,
employed upon agriculture in the West Indies, and
more especially in the cultivation of sugar. In my
third letter I shewed, on the authority of President
Boyer, of Hayti, as quoted by Mr. Stephen, that in St.
Domingo it was considered that the labour of half an
hour per day was sufficient to provide for the sub-
sistence of a week; and, under these circumstances, Pre-
sident Boyer argued, that ambition, or the desire of,
bettering his condition, had little influence in stimu-;
latMg the exertions of the labourer. If wages, in such
a country, were measured by the mare expense of
subsistence, they would be so low that no person
would encounter the fatigue of continued labour for
such wages; or if they did labour, the quantum of ex-
ertion would be represented by about halt an hour in the
day, or some portion of time not materially greater
In an Essay on the Seirit of Legislationfin the en-
couragement of Aviculture, &c. which gained the
prize offered by the Economical Society, at Berne, in
Switzerland, page 43, it is said; " It is impossible that
" a man without property, who has more than three
"children, can furnish their 'maintenance by the sin-
" gle labour of his hands, supposing even that all en
" joy a good state of health, and that his wife
" is industiii,us."

If wages, in such a country, did not provide that
maintenance which Mr. Whitmore's principle entitles
the agricultural labourer to expect, charity, or poor-
rates, must supply the deficiency, or the consequences
will follow which Mr.Whitmore points out. But every
one must perceive how different will he the rate of
agricultural wage, in Haiti and in Switzerland. From
the operation of natural causes, in the latter country,
many must labour the whole day or starve: in Haiti
that alternative i, prevented by the daily exertion of
hail an hour.

There ate, perhaps, no kinds of tropical produce, re-
quiting to be planted and reaped annually, that could
be profitably cultivated for exportation, under such a
state of things as we now find in Hayti, provided capi-
tal was to be transferred (torn other channels of pro-
ductive industry, for the purpose of cultivating the soil
by hired labour. But in Haiti, the present agricultural
produce for exportation is chiefly from shrubs or trees,
whilst a kind of society exists, and capital is distributed
under very peculiar circumstances. One part of the
population, having no capita 4, destroyed or expelled
that portion in whom was vested the wealth of the
country. Of those, among the victors, who survived
this murderous struegle, the mo.t bold, and most intel-
ligent obtained an ascendancy over the rest, and appro-
priated to themselves, under different systems of tenure,
the remaining property in lands, cultivation, buildings,
and machinery, which had tottnerly belonged to the
White Inhabitants, or Capitalists. The new prtsprietois,
therefore, had neither created the capital which they
possessed, nor had they transferred it floor other chan-
nels of production*. The land, cultivation, building.,
and machinery, of which they we* in this manner pu•
in possession, could only be made valuable by the la-
bour of flee Negroes. In such a case, the price of la-
bour had refetence to other principles than mere sub-
sistence. The employer having no interest on borrowed
capital, annuities, or settlements arising from inherit-
ance to provide for, the mtrket price of wages was
governed by principles affording the highest possible
reward, in a country where perhaps the natural price
would have been the lowest, if considered merely with
reference to subsistence,
This country, then, affords the most favourable case
possible for the position of ANWAR', that the flee Ne
groes in the West Indies only require "adequate wages"
to induce them voluntarily to enter on the production
of sugar, because no capitalists in the British West In-
dies could afford to give such high wages as in Haiti.
It is now an admitted axiom in political economy,
that profits are low when wages are high, and vice versii
and it is evident that a capitalist who has no intetest,
&c. to pay, may derive more actual prop, though the
profits of stock in the country where he resides should
be at a low average, than one who lives in a county
where the profits of stock are high, but who has con-
siderable outgoings for the payment of interest, &c. &c.
In the former case, therefore, the wages will have a ten-
dency to be high.
Hence it is found, that the wages of labour actually
are higher in Haiti than in any of our Colonies, as I
have shewn in my fifth Letter, on the authority of the
Abolitionists, and the Colonization Society of the United
States. The former representing Is. Sid'. per 'day as
the mean price of wages for men, women, and children,
and the latter as being one dollar per day, in the sea-
ports, for men.
These wages being far higher than those in our Co
lonies, must surely be considered by ANGLIN as " ade-
quate," so far as the labourers are concerned. . _ _

I shall, therefore, now i3roceed to shew the practical
effect on the production of sugar ; but similar results, in
different degrees, are seen in the other articles of export.
M. de Marbois, in his 44 Compte rendu du 1 Janvier
au SI Dec. 1788," chews that the following quantity of
sugar was exported from the French part of Haiti, viz.
70,227,7091 b.. Preach, of Cloyed &tsar.
93,117,5141ba. ditto, of Muscovado Sugar.
54,455,300115 a. ditto, of Syrop or Molasses,
besides Tafia, an inferior kind of Rum.

In the year 1801, (l'an 9) on the authority of General
de la Croix, who refers to " Les Comptes fournis
l'Assemblet CentrAle par l'Administratem•General de
"la Colonic," the quantity of sugar made in the same
part of Haiti, was only as follows, viz.

16 5401b5. French, of Clayed Sugar.
-16,5111,57t11b5. Ditto of Wtheovado Sugar.
99,11911i5. Ditto of Syrup or Molasses, and no Tali&
' Coffee and other colonial articles, although produced
from shrubs and trees requiring less labour, as said
before, had also greatly decreased. Yet it is of this

• General De la Croix, page gig, vol. 2d, speaking of the Black
Chiefs of Hayti, says—" Cercbefs, par la mort civile on recite des
anciens habitans, restaient maitre* souverains de la propriete en.
dire de la Colonic. Devenus dispensateurs de wines les fortunes,
ils ont trouves dans un system, de concessions et de fermage, des
Remelts de puissance superiedrs a radian ordinaire des gortoeritentens.''
Le saltine des principaux employe, paye en capi:al, n'a plus 6tE,
et nest pas encore une charge pour le trisor d'Haiti. Leihautes
functions se trouvent acquitters en concessions territoriales, ou en
immeubles. II n'y a, quaut a priient, de dEpenses por.sitives it la
charge du tresor, que l'entrctien des bAtimens publics, ci la aide
dos dernlers subalternes.

• •
/ear, that iinonapirte speaks, in these words, in his
notes (page 189) on the work of General de 11 Croix,
'jolt quoted. " Les Annees 1800 et 1801, Invent dent
" anntes de prosperite pour la Colonie: I'agricuhure,
'4 les loin, le commerce rgfleurirtnt sous le gouirernement
" de Toussaint L'Ouverture."
From that time to the present, from various causer,
the industry of Haiti, in the production of sugar, has
been retrograding, and no one article of agricultural
industry has reached the amount which was exported
in that year, even if the statements of General Inginac
Were to be received, which have been proved to be
grossly inaccurate.
Some new Haitian statements, on the same authority,
*hide have -lately appeared in the New limes, ate
drawn up to chew that the population of Haiti (includ-
ing the Spaisish part of St. D mingo), has been gra
dually increasing at a very rapid rate; and yet, by
falls short these very statements, cultivation r lolt of its,
amount during the periods to which I have adverted,
when the population was much less. .Had. the asser•
dons of ANGLUS been correct, the result ought to have
been encreased cultivation, in proportion to encreased
population.
I have shewn, in my 9th Letter, that in the years
1818, 1819, and 1820, sugar continued to be exported
from Haiti. Therefore, during these years, the means
of manufacturing sugar must have existed in the island,
and some labour must have been applied to that branch
Of agricultural industry.
ANGLUS, in his third Letter, says, " And as to the
southern division of the island, where the revolution
." had not been attended, as in the north, with the gene-
"rat destruction of the mills, boiling-houses, and ether
works necessary for the manufactoi y of sugar, it wit.
" found in a very flourishing condition. The facts are
" stated at large by Mr. Stephen, in a work published
" two years later than the ' Crisis.' called the Oppor-
"'tunity: page 10 to 21, &c."
On turning to these pages to examine what were the
fact. thus stated, on the respectable authority of Mr.
Stephen, I sea, disappointed, and did not find any facts
proving the assertions made by Antrum. Mr. Stephen,
indeed, in page 19, says, " The captures made of
" cargoes shipped from that island, since the corn-
" mencement of the present hostilities, sufficiently
" prove that agriculture, however diminished, had not
" been wholly abandoned; much less will the hoe be
" idle when the musquet may be safely laid aside; for,
" that freedom and a Negro Government are trot in-
" compatible with a large and encreasing growth of
" exportable produce, was, under the beneficent ad-,
" ministration of Toussaint, very clearly. proved." So
far there are no facts stated, but merely a reference to
the beneficial administration of Toussaint, as having
proved that a large and encreasing growth of export.
able produce was not incompatible with Negro Govern.
ment. What that Negro Government of Toussaint
was, with respect to the labourers, the Reviewer has
shewn in pages 574 and 575, on the authority of the
proclamations of Toussaint himself, the correctness of
which Amours has riot been able to controvert in any
manner. But the fact of the amount of exportable pro-
duce being a great deal less under Toussaint, than it
was under the Slave-system, is admitted by Mr. Stephen
himself, in the passage quoted; and is further shewn in
the returns of M. Marbois, and General De la Croix.

In note upon the passage of Mr. Stephen, that,
Gentleman has indeed said, •/ The cultivation of the
" Cillony, said Le Clerc, in his first official dispatches.
is in a much higher state of prosperity than could
.• have been imagined." Now this gives no definite
idea of the extent of cultivation, even under the system
established by Toussaint, when compared with that
under Slavery, for no opiniOn can be formed what the
state was which Le Clerc had imagined. This, there-
fore, cannot be the fact referred to by ANGLUS, because
official returns shew that the cultivation under Tous-
saint was much less than before the insurrection of
the slaves.

There is another authority, however, quoted by Mr.
Stephen, which he describes to have been found in
a letter " on board Le Bon Accord, Pierre Pattissier, ,
" Master, a prize taken at the commencement of the
" present war." The name of the writer of the letter is
not given, nor to whom it was addressed ; but it was
dated 18 Floreal, An. 11, (May 7th, 1803), and is in
the registry of the High Court of Admiralty: this letter.
says-0 La partie du Sud, qui it y a deux mois et demi
" etoit encore intacte, et valait mieux que la Marti-
" nique, cant par son etendue que par sesrapports, est
maintenant le thixatre de la guerre la plus horrible," &c.
This assertion, in a letter, is all the authority which I
can find ; and I intreat the Reader to reflect upon the
text of the quotation, compared with the amplified state-
ments of AsoLus. It appears, two months and a half
before the author of this letter wrote, that the Southern
District of Haiti was untouched by the war, and was
worth more, in his opinion, than Martinique, but says
nothing about its superiority over the North Depart-
ment. It is merely an opinion of the writer of a private
letter, and nothing more. No-data for comparison is
given.* The manner in which AAOLUS amplifies even
this statement, is worth observing, as to the flourishing
condition of the sugat cultivation of the Southern Divi-
sion of the Island of St. Domingo, in comparison with
that of the Northern. Unfortunately for At:o[x*, how-
ever, the official returns chew the -great diminution of
productive industry under. Toussaint, in comparison
with Slave-labour; and destroy all the amplifications
and inferences of ANOLUS, grounded on the assertions
of this private letter; for, during the most prosperous
year of Toussaint's administration, the sugar cultiva-

• By supplying these data, the Reader will perceive the value of
the assertions of the private letter quoted by Mr. Stephen.
Pam:puce of the Southern Department of St. Domingo, during the
most productive year under Toussaint, compared with the Pro_
duce of Martinique.—Statistlque de la Martinique, vol. 2, p. 97.

•
Sucre. Sirop. Cafe. I Cocoa. I Coton.
Terre. Brut.
Dans le De- lbs. lbs. Galls. lbs. lbs. lbs.
pattement du -
Sud de St.
Domingue - 869 1,854,335 88,353 7,538,754, 163,528 85,776
Darns les 4 Ar.
roadissemois
de Is MaAI-
fIVI Mel 1 AMINO RDA 1 .1711 MA 140 l'lo R 4 RO,l

lbs.
869 - 88,55.3'7,538,7
de la
nique 1 53,059,000,1,899,588 1,370074'449,472 62,694
By which it appears, that in the articles of Colonial Produce,
except Coffee and Cbtron, exported as the result of agricultural la-
bour, Martinique (of which net one-half is cultivated) actually pro-
duced a much greater quantity of produce, and particularly sugar,
than the Southern Department of St. Domingo. In the article of
sugar, indeed, Martinique produced about Utt times as much. The
details respecting Martinique, are for the year lotto, when the
Slave population was 77,339. When under the English, the Slave
population was 78,577, and, therefote, the antodnt of productions is
presumed to have been as much a, under the French, with a less Slave
population. The statements, holever, are merely given to afford
a general idea of the relative productiveness of the places referred
to by the writer of the private letter.

-

=

• 4

„ •

r .

HMI iti th4l tilwth iletuatty MT exet,ectea teat at till-Sousa
Division of the Island, as will be here seen:
I .



_ s~:.~:

bayed. Mitsecovadd.
lbs. lbs.
Tn the Department of the nlriaih 869 884,355
In the Dritartrornt of the North 15,671 9,318,784
And the produce of the national ckinains, id each part;
is returned as being equal ; but neither quantity reached
A 11146011 of pounds weight ; and none of dais was. pro- .
duced bll tva,zes ; whilst the North side of Haiti, instead
of being less productive in sugar, from ruined mills,
&c. was actually match more productive than the Start!,
a fact which is directly contrary to the asserticq
A NGLUS.
To pi rive. still more conclusively, how boldly A xn;
makes assertions without proof, I submit the author rt ,
of General I)! la Croix. quoted, with approbation, by
Mr. Clio kson, on the Affairs of St. Domingo, as di.-
tinctly she.% ing, that on the North side, under the gr.-
vernmeor of Christophe, there existed the greatest num •
ber of sugar estate, compared with the South and West,
where, however, a better system of Custom-house regu-
lations prevailed " Les douanes y etablissent la com-
" pensation financie.e qiie lea produits territoristax fe-
" raient p6ucher pour Christophe, dans la dominatio4
" dupel it se trouve plus de Sucreries en aaiviti...."
Whilst General De la Croix was thus describing sugar-
works in activity, and the Custom-house Returns of
Great ISt i:ain were proving, that, up to the year 1820.
sugar was actually imported from Haiti into this coun-
try, ANGLU3 is gravely assigning g. the destruction of
" sugar-works, and the want of capital to rebuild them,"
added to that " chilling sense of insecurity of property,"
as preventing the Haitians from labouring for its accu-
mulation. Surely the property arising from the culti-
vation of sugar was as certain of sale as any other kind
of produce. In my Bth letter, 1 have stated that Cuba
exported not only more coffee than Haiti did, to the
United States, in the year 1822, but that such was the
demand for sugar, that Cuba also sent to the United
States, in that year, 41,361,231 lbs. of Muscovado and
`10,601,672 lbs. of Clayed, besides 6,190,894 gallons of
Molasses, exceeding in value all the productions of
Haiti sent thither; and yet both Islands were upon an
.equal footing as to duties, thus utterly destroying the
validity of the argument of Aticurs on that point: I
have shewn, also, in my llth letter, from the clearances
of a sugar estate in Barbadoes, from 1770 to 1823, that
it was more or less profitable, " during the whole era
" of Haitian freedom," except the years 1795, 1800,
and 1809; whilst returns, from the new Colonies of Tri-
nidad, Demerary, and Berbice, shew that the eultiva-
don of sugar, during these years, had been 'greatly ex-
tended. But in Haiti, the cultivation of sugar, during
these years of Haitian freedom, has been diminishing,
and at such a rate, that, in 1823, a proclamation from
the President of Haiti himself, informs the world that
sugar is smuggled into that Island from Colonies where
it is cultivated by Slaves, and obviously, therefore, at a
less expense, although the sugar proprietors of the Slave
Colonies were burdened with the interest of capital inL
vested in their Estates, and various other legal incum-
brances; whilst, in Haiti, the proprietors of sugar estates
had violently seized upon the ptoperty of the former
oWners, and had no interest on capital to provide for.
A Noi.os, feeling himself utterly unable to meet these
consideraLions, turns from them to set up a hvpothe-
tical case of establishing free small farmers in Jamaica,
who could cultivate canes, and have them manufac-
tured at a mill, as in the East, Indies, without ever
deeming it necessary to shew how far the circum-
stances, as to wages, labourers, proprietors, laws, and
population, were similar in Jamaica and the East
Indies. I shall, therefore, merely transfer the hypo.
tbetical case of ANOLUS from Jamaica to Haiti, where
it -might, and no doubt would have been tried* had
there been any chance of success ; for it is obviously
the interest, and the desire of President Boyer, to ex-
tend his sugar cultivation;- and he distinctly points out
to the American emigrants that species of culture, in
some of the locations of land destined for their recep-
tion. But even General De la Croix is compelled to
admit, that " La culture, daa, les colonies, necessite
64 une roideur d'action qu'il dolt etre difficile aux chefs
"de couleur de prendre sur les noirs. Ces chefs pa-
" raissent l'eprouver: car dans le bet de populariser
• resaploi de leer autorite, ils ont reuni leurs into its
" dans des associations, a fin de rendre plats selidaires
• tobeissance dana (exploitation des Sucreries, dont les
produits sont incontinent partages." Such were his
ideas relative to the Government of Petion ; but of
Ithe Government of Christophe he speaks in a manner
which clearly confirms the idea given of it by the Re-
viewer, and which ANOWS vainly endeavonred to shew
was unfair. 46 Dans le royaume de Christophe, au con-
-44 crane, les agens de son five, les grands seigneurs et
44 les premiers chefs militaires out d ens seals les plus
" belles Sucreries; ils y comesandent,en Maitre: Cres,.
" et (execution servile de kurt or dres montre air qua.
ques points (aspect brilliant de cascien Saint Do.
mingue. Still speaking of Christophe, be says t "La
" couleur n'ayant pas rendn son autorite suspecte, it a
• adopte envers les cultivateurs, des le pi incipe de son
" administration, les moyens ciierdtifs dont avail fait
44 mnploi Toussaint L'Ouverture,fixes sur (es ateliers, les •
"cultivateurs du royaunie restent entitlement sounds
" un regime n?gre."
Notwithstanding all these motives for stimulating
the labour of the tree Negroes in Haiti, since the death
of Christophe, the, successive diminution of the sugar
cultivation has been taking place, without producing
an increase of cultivation in coffee or • cotton, in pro.'
portion co the number of cultivators withdrawn from
sugar planting, and the increased population added to
the Island generally, as is stated on the authority of
M. Inginac.
The proclamition of President Boyer, quoted by the
Reviewer, shews that in Haiti there was a demand for
sugar-1 have shewn the market rate of wages were
adequate—l have also shewn, by the •example of the
neighbouring Island of Cuba, that the eultivation of
sugar was there tarried on profitably ; and, finally, that
there was not any obstacle preventing the free Negroes
of Haiti from cultivating sugar, end being rewarded
for it, as well as by any other mode of cultivation; an/1
that neither the plan suggested by Anemia, florae,' other,
has succeeded. I may Oren be permitted to ask how it is
possible-for the, English Planter to succeed by paying
" adequate wages, when he cannot afford to offer such
inducements, as to wages as existed io Raid ? becadse,
having created, or transferred cat: from other pro-
ductive channe's of industry, the- lish Planter mose
provide for an interest on that capitalr.of slt lean On
that part which he may haws borrowed, added to that
st ' other settlements or anduities upon his property,
without even noticing the expense incident to the

A

%VES'
TO T
81R—In my
iiecieto had Ma
rated, at preset
1 Negroes were
A 'GUIS 111
that ..N
repeated, and e
!rent in the Re
general grounvi
In the present I
nos has main
even adraitti4
so far from assn
they turn out t
confirm the star
To prove, th
argument, I arr
his second lett
L the Negro :.
• voluntarily r;
awn benefit,
cultivate, an
▪ ket—such as
▪ "getables, pro'
coffee, cocoa,
snit, (See St.
" terdicted fros
a Now, let us
u.ete c
14 acres each, s
Negroes, ani
1. Watts in his
continue to c
ket for it at
at least soul
*their raising,
"them to pros
• 4. lies, that sup
• " and those or
" poultry, with
Cie MAI kets
"airy good reT
cane to Supt
"they now Ivo
of distant fit
"could not be
I f adequate
as: " The advo,
s)' " are very Inc(
111/1.
come the fas
tit "glowing, ani
e; "perry accum
own volunti
4 allowed thet
N. 0 Woodford ti
:er amass much
tifin or proll
u-
rd "men descrob
m."laving in
ha narade of rn
" flaming aci
is-
k' Slaves of T.
" this of the 1'
los 0 Negroes to
▪ " employing t
lot
er. " Amp under
A. el With a mere
An. "sal,—and Vi
"; preference tc
ti. "plied by na
b. " unretnunertai
" days of the
io. " nevertheless,
1*- "that soinethi
'4O "or in wor kir
uae "comforts, at
tually the si
I.* "Indians, but
rd, " his fifty-eigt
ns " The Itevie
r. " therefore alr
ras
in-
" to prove tha
"far greater
"of rendering
ish "Planter. H
rd, " lion of his n
to
; "men in this
1s- "triously, fro
sera " day, he will
ast "huh to wor
Is•
Ind "the week.
• ; "concurrent
rd; "Reviewer,
'followed ou
" ficient to pr
ild freedom, bu
ed"benefit, no I
nT Awnitus en
ch loners could
ge* agar, it " ac
tly dat the Revie
sly has no doubt
assist in man
wt greatest possi:
the gar were to di
*Ach hiring, t
as- to the capita
woe
gone would h
on- his state of s
ledisregard t
acessarily be
Rork to a rui
this and that expl
sea• aged upoi
swat
huncipation
Its's• bed industry
adequAte
hd. buildin
11171essened.
Pars The whole
Sts. gtts—the w
at koperate
•
the t
Coder sucl
male ota historic
2 .
• iltts
L, may
olD" "our in Wo
shall ad
Ls:titer on(
(iitute in Er
ags
obi& `l.flutace thi
iced- ha 0
re• s
tres 11da Cella
neCess;
Ise
PreierVatit
