SECOND EDITION

HALF-PAST FIVE O'CLOCK.

The Constifulisossol of Tuesday contains the follow*
paragraph relative to the battle of Zamosc Private
letters inform us of a battle which took place on the 22d,
and which lasted 18 hours. Eight thousand five hundred
Austrians proceeded to the spot, to meet the Russian troops
which bad penetrated into the Austrian territory. The Poles
had made a frightful carnage, and had lost but very few
men themselves, because the Russians did not expect to be
attacked. These letters also speak with confidence of the
taking of the Russian General Kaisaroff. and that his carp s
of the army would be completely annihilated."

The Chamber of Deputies have determined to address the
King, to request that the remains of Napoleon may be res.
tared to France by the British Government.

A letter from Paris atates, that the Prussian Govern-
ment bare exprested a jealousy of the number of
French troops, assembled under the name of Cordon Son-
wire, on the north-east frontier.

A French Notary has disappeared with s million of
francs.

It is a curious fact that the petty Prince, the Duke of
Modena, refuses to acknowledge Louis Philippe u King of
France !

The Cholera has spread to the vicinity of Magdeburg and
Leipzie.

W. F. S. Ponsonby, M.P. for Poole, is a Candidate
fur Dorsetabire in the Reform interest. No other Candi-
date bas appeared.

Consols dosed this day at 821 j.
smularessmasoffinum....
CH•RINO CROSS Hoorn's Brethren
and Gentlemen who formed the procession assembled at the
new vestry-room, near the parish church of St. Martin
Charing Cross, at half-past twelve o'clock precisely, when
the procession proceeded to the site of the intended
building. When the procession arrived, the Brethren
divided to the right and left, and faced inwards, form.
ing an avenue for the M. W. Grand Master to pass
through, preceded by the standard of the (hand
Patron and the Grand Sword Bearer, and followed by his
Royal Highness's banner, the lonic Light, the Grand Mas-
ter of Ireland, Deputy Grand Master, and Grand Officers.
who took their respective situations on the platform.—
The Vice-Patrons of the Institution, the Vice-Presidents.
and Build ingCom m ittee,also wok their places on the platform.
—The stone was then raised, and, after the lower one was
adjusted, the grand secretary read aloud the inscription en.
graven an the brass plate, and then placed the same in the
cavity of the lower stone. The grand mourn deposited the
phial containing the coin. The cement was then placed on
the upper face of the bottom stone, and the Grand Muter
adjusted the same with a trowel handed to Mtn for that
purpose. After which the upper stone was low-
the Band playing " Role Britannia.' The
Grand Master proved the just position and form of
the coos by the plumb, level, and square, which were suc-
cessively delivered to him by the Junior and Senior Grand
Wardens and the Deputy Grand Master. Being satisfied
in these particulera, his Royal Highness pre the stone three
knocks with the mall, which was delivered by his Grace
the Doke of Leinster. The cornucopia, containing the corn,
and the ewers, with the wine and ail, were then banded to
his Royal Highness, who strewed the men and poured the
wine and oil over the stone, with the accustomed ceremonies.
—The Grand Master having inspected the plan of the in.
ended building. delivered the same to the orchitect,together
with the 'rural tools used in proving the position of the
atone. The band then performed" God eau the King."
This ceremony being concluded. the brethren returned to
the vestry-room d lot. Martin.

It ii a circumstance most creditable to the
II French people, that 60,000 francs, or about
12,4001. were collected in Paris for the starving
Irish in Mayo, at an expense of only 141! The
fact is not generally known, and we have great
satisfaction in making the statement. The Editor
of the Paris Paper, the Avenir, took laudable pains
in promoting it.
Certain sham letters from pretended settlers in
colonits, are making the round of the papers.
They are usually addressed to persons at a dis
lance from the place where they are printed, and
in one case it lately appeared there were no such
parties. In truth, they are wicked decoys fabri-
cated by land speculators to entrap emigrants,
either (or the sake of their capital, if they have
any, or for the use of their persons in the slavery
of new settlements.

Nothing can more strongly illustrate the intel-
lectual imbecility of the present French govern-
ment. than the following nauseating paragraph,
conspicuously inserteJ in some of the Paris pa-
pers :—"The Duke d'Autnale. who is in the tenth
year of his age, mounted his first guard yesterday
in the Ist company of the Ist battalion of the 10th
legion. and 61ed off at the parade in the court of
the Tuileries." This corresponds with the a ooden
shoes. the frog-eating, and the soup-magi e, which
renders the French character so low and ridicu•
bus in all foreign countries. It matches their
liberty, with, passports from village to village—
their licensed presses—and the impertisent inqui-
sition of their spies and police.
By authentic advice. from Alexandria, dated the
21st July, it appears that the cholera morbus was
raging at Mecca with the greatest violence in the
month of May last, and bad carried off 5,500 per-
sons in the space of from 20 to 30 days. The
whole number of pilgrims who attended the shrine
of Mecca this year has been calculated at 60,000,
of whom 20,000 are supposed to have: fallen vic-
tims to this fatal malady ! The remainder set out
from Mecca on the 23d of May, on their return
to their respective countries ; those belonging to
Cairo arrived there on the 13th July, having thus
perfbrmed the journey in 51 days. No case of the
cholera had shown itself at Cairo up to the date of
the last advices.

Every body knows what a morbid symptom it
is for the mind to dwell perpetually soon one
subject. We bcpe that the Marquis of London-
derry is well, for we wish him well ; but we re-
gret to say that he was last night again on the
subject of Portugal—that subject which has not
only haunted his imagination, but followed him
like his evil genius, almost every night to the
House since the Session began. It is true his
Lordship did nnt introduce t• e subject himself on
the preset t occasion. for it arose out of a declar-
ation by Lord Grey that he (the Marquis) should
have the papers. and every thing else he • anted
retpecting Portugal, except the adoption of his
opini qrs by the Government. Such an intimation
would have been satisfactory to most men, and
would have prevented any discussion from t tking
place until the papers alluded to were produced and
examined. But the name of Portugal was enough.
In mentioning that name Lord Grey touched
the string, and off went the Marquis, dashing
and plunging through the Portuguese question
in a manner that was quite alarming to his
friends, until Lord Grey and the Lord Chancel-
lor each administered a dose, which succeeded
in quieting his Lordship. Bet, seriously, how can
the Marquis of Londonderry or the Earl of Aber-
deen— for they are en-partners in this Portuguese
affair—persuade tbemenlves that the people
of this country can be Vaught to sympathise with
the sorrows of Don Miguel ?—iferaid.
