.

T

IMPERIAL PAIMIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, Fss. 4.
The Lora Ceases:4.os Ink ide ant a the mama at WM-
past an o'clock.
Lord KING =rear It has Lasureassa I fit. Janes,
01111111111•11 pen. Alm, ken the Cor-
poration of Sheemehus et that Fib Town et Caper is Fite.
shire , and hem Haesesbessugh,
144d,BADNO•eheeibe wow. dila fuss Mime, Work-
lloPor. Loom. W ad miens ether pawn
The Duke et N petesned a pada for ea atessies it
dvil and relights Maty,-fress a perish la Galway. Abe fee the da-
-1 Stift of okay, from various parts in thee meaty.
Sir J. ilsmint ad ethers brought up the Judgment In sucation
MlL—Agsseil f., vii ease assodoeuts.
Mr. Craphell ad ethos Mew& up a Prints Rood Bill.
Earl ROSSLY/Lmeated petition from far royal boroughs of
Fife, pains for
Led FARNHAM Wed for certain mums relative to the tobacco
duties.-.oefirra.
The Maple of LANSDOWNE resed a great variety e( peti-
tions be Ram is Pirbenern TIN No
Marc& said that he
had gives hie ant umprelledesmmot to the swam for Idea which
led been lamed by his esibegass, sal which would be oshadttedi to
pothook la Rae dose s the peddles width wombat Orsonek, ben
the Tows Camel of the laid bsteugh, nem Straw: m, sad ether places,
were this bid a the table.
The Dabs at RICHMOND moved that the Rev. Mr. Wells he
sunnemed toesand the Committee is the Pose Laws.—Coisted.
Oa the minim of the Rail of SHAFTESBURY, the Reuse At-
jowled dB Maday.

ASSISSID 7/131211.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mt. Huns was le his peso
_Whin die Speaker took the Chair. Mr.
Aid. WAITZ3LON assn@Walla Mend t be took his sat by the side
of the hoc. member tar Proem t and both enema late a very close and
active eenversatioa.
Four newly elected Maim took the oaths and their seats.
Sir J. NEWPORT possessed a Petition from the Chamber of Corn.
mace, Waterford, for des repeal of the duty on Sea.bortse Coal.
OTFORW.
Sir J. NEWPORT than reset:tad a petition from 400 chicon of
Waterford City fur Pedimnentary Reform and the vote by ballot.—
Ordered to be printed.
itrwsraesas.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from Walsall, Staffordshire,
for Parliathentary Reform and reduction of taxation, particularly of the
tax on Newspapers. He concurred in the petition.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. H. DAVIS presented a petition from Bristol for the repeal of
the duty on see-borne coals.
Mr. C. GIANT took the oaths and his seat.
Several petitions, for the abolition of slavery, were resented from
females of Coleshill, Bristol, he.
COXDITIO. OF ens POO&
Mr. SADLER postponed his modes for leave to bring in a bill to
amend the condition of the labouring poor hero Feb. 54 to March 8.
Sir IL FERGUSON presented about sight petitions for Perlis.
=wary Reform and Vote by Ballot from Forfar, Hingham, &v. He
agreed in the petition. Ordered to be pinta
Mr. DEN ISON presented a petition from Godard:lg. Surrey, for
Parliamentary Reform, whisk was the list from that county. He had
great pleasure in supporting is, though he was no advocate for annual
Parliaments and universal neer.
Mr. BRISCOE sweets/ dmi poddsn,—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENT
thus wonted a petition from the neighbourhood
of Reigate, foe the repeal et &e melt tax. and a commutation of tithes.
—Ordered to be plead.
Mr. I. LOCH presemail p slsus he Parliamentary Reform from
the counties of Rom, Dfaewll, sod Wick.
Mr. DENISON aid r. J. LOCK presented strand petitions for
Parliamentary 1611.11/11h
Mr. HUME append disk prayers, and expressed Ids satisfaction
that all Seabed, as well as 1i inglead, called for Parliamentary Res
fonn.—Ordemil to he pistil.
Mr. WILES preened a }Aids', paying that the British Law
might be extended to Endo* Christine. At pelmet, be said, all Hia.
doe Christians wen deprived oldish had.
Mr. FERGUSON denial that any snob derivation bed taken Page,
and Mr. CAMPBELL Amid tbst diem was soy law to water le.
1111.WILKir, diet had he enreeed snob melealledes, be
would have demi dee emu of demo Maim wholesome they
bad become Whose @ablest le mob deprivadoes.
Sir C. Cents prommed a relate /Am Rwhireasy, Qesee's county,
reorWag the Chant to thelLiliosetioset misty,
C.MASTINGS resealed a peddle hem Looghbeesegb, for a
repeal of the Corn Laws, and for reumAbasset and seesemy.—Ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a ilen bum Clergymen of
Bristol, praying for leave to build sad ear m whiasst the
consent of the Rwtor of the parish.—Ordered who
Mr. IL RICE moved for copies of the meraing the
public Canals in Coco.—Ordered.
Mr. BETHEL presented three petitions from gloms in Yorkshire,
against the duty on sta.bctne Coals, sad the Asseessi Taxes, the per.
tiality of which taxes Le well knew, hem bating mad as a Commis-
sioner of Taxer.—Ordseed to be OWL,
Lord FORDW ICH rmeMed a petition hem the inhabitants of
Canterbury, for Parliameassey ltelbeestleelseed to be printed.
Mr. FERGUSON preemie& a ridden seldom the duties as Sated
attendee, from Perthshim.
Mr. KENNEDY, in presenting further emblems for Parilwasenety
Reform in Scotland, begged so remind the house, that not ems ridden
against the required reform bad been presented from any part of amt.
land. The petitions were from the Corporation of Geldoniths of MN.
bunk, Perth. he.—Ordered to be printed.
-17 s 'W. INGLE HY promoted a petition from a perish in Limas.
shire, for the appointment of a •• General Fast."
Mr. PHILPOT presented a petition free Gletteeeter, for andectiket
of taxation.

DUTY 011 COMA
Mr. C. PELHAII asked whether an boa. Sweet intended to pest.
pone his motion regarding ma-borne coals*
Sir T. ACKLAND replied certainly Dm, mope seenetbing took
place before sth March to woman the postponement.

Mr. GURNEY presented-a
rides dm the Equal of the Assessed
l'axe.—Ordmsd M he
Mrs. Aldan. BIAIVIUTAN said be had given no voice en this
subject, boom hi AM ism etlslt to do any thing to embarrass his Ms. I
jesty's sowintaate ides leeemdieeed were pledged to all possible re.
ductions. He was mfr gut so see what they would propose—if
their measures did wet mei Ids views on this subject, he should en-
'dilly bring forward blet=lmed maim
Petition ordered to bo
Mr. DUNCOMILE possried these shnUar petitions brim padelses in
Yorkshire. Ordinal to Mt gibied.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented a petitino from his etas-Mims In if
Dumfries, praying time in any ream that might take plum
=tie made its foundation. It was suggested that the riuSenej7:l
or Cornish Boroughs should be transferred to Earmeghe of
Illsollod.—Ordered to be printed.
*. AM. WAITH MAN protested a petition from the Ward et
Pea tar it &hem and Vote by Ulm, to the necessity of which
he vats Unbeekled to my he bad become a careen.
Me. HUNT was glad to bear that the How. !limber had now be-
muse a coeval to the Ballot, which was now become so fashionable.
He was persuaded of the fact—if the meteopedis were polled, be be-.
lieved nioety-nine out of every hundred would vole fee it.—Ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HUME presented similar petitions from Perthshire, fee. AU
of them, adding Mr. Hums, relisidul the " Vote by 11•11""
(Cheers.)
Mr. it OMR peseented a petition frees Richard Janes, of Lintebstme,
riming that the late Ministas might be bunk to pith& justice.
)augh.)—Onimed to Us en the lack.

PARLIAMENTARY OATS* BILL
Air. C. 'WY NN said be wished to divide his Bill fee the meol eV all
unnecessary Parliamentary Oaths into two Bills. 11. moved that the
Bosse jp into a Committee on such BiU, is which Cemmittee he should
move the omission of such parts as he desired to be maned for est-
ther Bill.
Sir R. INGLIS elikad to that sweeping sway of the secuthise am-
templamd by this MR The bill west further dem he thought the
right bon. Ewer temouplated. The sash ef abjuredum ought um to
be repealed. The act of oddment established the right if the proem
family to the throne, sad, virtually repel that, as wield be dome by
the resent bill, what weld wed la the way of the rights ef the Ser.
disian family ?(A laugh.) He chellseged any ems to aseurediet the
correctness of his statement. (Herr.) He meet, therein% reties this
motion.
Mr. FERGUSON seppensi the modem Heed me meet iodise,.
and without say lisehatiel. There was no doges that the Turk, dte
Jew, or the Mahe might take eats seder die bill; wed the =de
dee of the home et Savoy did net depend es oaths. bet ea the Meaty
of the ofd
Am. The shieredee oath wse Italy landed to meet
▪ temponey dieser mml if these wan issemideses et Jame IL mow
hs should equally wpm the tide abierstise oath. He trusted
Met the " seremess• oath for dean' timid also be
lb. BLUNT aseterrei in the medie. std Imamediertlitt wee net
pursed to sepal teeny alto equally elmoitisee samba. (Hear.) Hs
meld, meeMmiwg the mem met ef *loge, that sus re-
peal would be. mepegged by mem pewee meeposset so dieted.
Sir C. WI THERILL eimerved, that the Ass d Iletdeemst neteoly
calla" *I PFdeo.b. tailiFs all She "mammal halm r sod
nth
as
the gush of aujelauss WA Imp spinisiss. lawyer wadi admit
ad it 11,1111/lIIMI pod splint risks of cameral heirs as well es
lb" a1".0.14, Pe IP,* MK .—• to elms the pried* el the
