GRAVEsEND, MARCH 20.

Arfored the Jong Elizabeth, Couch; Ant, Kelly; 7.ermaew,
Plogh ; V row Wagten, !lure; Lapwing, Howe; elcoleg Pa!lt.
Edward, Overhand; CordePa, Owen; and Two 11. when, Da
Vries, from Rotterdam ; the Elfrid, Gerrard, from hieuiel ; the
Grace, Smith, from Leghorn; and Phoebe, Eden, from Gotten-
burgh.—Sa'led the Prince Regent, White, for St. Helena ; Ann,
Hinds, for Antigua I Selina, Steel, for the Cape of Good Hope ;
Hartle, Yartpw, for Leghorn ; Corso, White. for Rio Aneiro ;
Integrity; lifigtunt for Hamburg!); and the Soilie, for
Oibkaitar. • '

CUSTOM-HOUSE, MARCH VII
Snips zyrrezan liswa IDS.—Tbe William, Bier, from Water-
ford; Einiekeit, Dau, from Copenhagen; Amelia, Williamson,
from Stettin ; the Alliance, Critcheli, front Alicant and Alter ;
Throe Brothers, savage, front Antwerp ; Neptunus., Grunder,
from Norkoplog ; Mary, Brown, from Amsterthm ; and Espoir,
Vacquerie, from Calais.
Ou•rwattos—The George,Willini, for Quebec and Montreal;
Buttner, Wilton, for Forts tit. George and William, Bombay, and
Prince of Wales's Island ; Joseph and Ann, Berg, and Union,
Carmey, fnr Hamburg's • the Henry, Forrester, for Gibraltar;
Two Brothers hasten, .Londonderry ; and Aarshal Blucher,
Adams, for Brother,
JERSEY, MARCH 13
'—- - - -

Further particulars of the Shipwreck of the Minstrel schooner:
" This flue vessel sailed from Corunna on the 15th of last mouth.
A violent gale from the S. W. forced her across the Bay of Bis-
cay In two days, when they found themselves surrounded by
rocks and were ignorant where they were; The storm still conti-
nuing on the 17th, the Minstrel struck against a rock, which tore
away her helm, the shocks succeeding rash other with equal ra-
pidity and violence. The Captain (Bussiusios) fortunately gut
out the boat, with all the crew, consisting of eight men, invite •
&ate» after which the vessel went ever. The boat made for an
island near the rocks on which the Minstrel was wrecked, which
rhergained in three hones. Three of the men were sent on shore
while the remainder of the crew remained isi the boat in the ut-
most distress. In a few hours the men who were sent on shore
returned with one of the inhabitants, who informed them, that
the name of the island was Molend, five miles South of tlshant—
that the rocks on which they µruck were called Les Bases des
Moleturs. Every thing was irretrievably lost, except one pun-
cheon of brandy, which they found floating and brought away.
They remained three days in the island, and experienced every
attention from tie inhabitants. 'l be Captain and two of the men.
got to Bryn ; the others reached St. Mantes where they hired a
bust which landed them all safely in St. Br:lades Bay, on Sun-
' day last. The people here were under the greatest anxiety for
the fate of this Iressel, as the crew were all respectable young
I men, natives of this island. The Minstrel belonged to Mr. Nl-
' cutouts La Quzsna,of St. fillers."
Wednesday morning, the Sib instant, two men coming in
boas from Havre-de-Pas. near St. Hater's, struck oq a rock not
fir from Elizabeth Castle, the boat was instantly upset by a
ir heavy sea. The men endeavoured to save themselves. by chug-
lag to the oars. Some Gentlemen no the *bore seeing.the dread-
ful situation of tßessipoor tuns at oho Milian.= Ward of their
own lives, went off in a boat to afford thensielief it possble. They
succeetled in saving the life of one of them, William Stone, a
pilot; bet the other man, just as the Gentlemen got near him,
was engulphed by the waves, and was seen oo more.
In the memory amass, there was never known in the island of
Jersey, so high a tide nor so furious a sea, as on 'Thursday, the 6th
instant. At St. Helier 's it reached the church, which is situate
near the middle of the town, sapped the foundations of several
houses, broke up cellars, and slid considerable damage. Two
casks and some cases of wine were forced by the violence of the
tide out of the cellars of Mr. A. Sr. Came, and thrown on the
pavement. Great apprehensions were entertained that the houses
'near the beach would have been swept away. It is remarkable
that the sea-defeuees in this island are mach neeteeted, in comae-
Treace of which the sea is gaining visibly on the land. For se-
veral days past there has been a continuation of the storm, or
rather hurricane, from the South-west, attended with rain, hail,
and at times with lightning and thunder. Yesterday, the kith,,
the wind shifted to the South-east, and never was a finer day
seen in the mildest spring. Throe vessels belonging to this island
sailed today for Newfoutidland ; two were to go lark toLiverpoel
to loadwith alt, and one with potatoes from thii to Gibraltar
direct. .1 wo large vessels belonging to this island skied in com-
pany from New York, one laden with wheat and the other with
Sour, for Bristol. Tbefirst sunk at sea, and every creature on
board perished I the other was wrecked on the rocks on the
coast of France, bin the crew was saved. The exact particulars
are nut yet known litre. Some barrels of flour were found Rout-
ing in St. Amines, lan week.

Lord EXMOUTU constiun to atteudance at the
Admiralty.
Two swedish ships, bound to Marseilles, have been
taken in the Mediterranean by the row galleys of the
Algevines, and the crews sent into slavery.

f

TILE ARMY.

The gallant 42d Regiment (or Royal Highland
Watch) art oo their march from Scotland to Chatham
Ilnrracks.

ECONOMY.-TO THE EDITOR.

Ste—Tt is imatter of surprise to many friends t 1
'proper Economy, that Ministers have not embodied
some of the Veteran Battalions, which would enable
them to reduce several more Regiments of the Line,
and would make a saving of nearly ielsl,ogo per
annum to the Country, if the nunther tailed out
should amount to 10,000 men, (say twelve
as of old) ; and I am tonfidtot that that number
could be found, as fit for garrison duty as any Regi-
ments of the Line, and could be kept np withJiit the
expense of Recruiting Establishments. As those men
e in fact paid (if nit lull as much very near it) as
if they were doing duty, why should they not be ein-
ployed at this moment, when every saving should be
made that could be with propriety and safety. J. C.

Yesterday morninc, the QUEEN and Princess At:-
OUSTA went to visit the Duchess of Gustxxszatt,
the evening, her MAJESTY had * select party.
Yesterday, the Duke of Yotit transacted military
business with tke Protica RKGENT at Carlton Hour.
The Dukes of CLattaNcE and CUMBERLAND Yisi,r4
the PRINCE RkGENT.

We understand that Sir THOMAS PLUMEK, Vice .
Chaniellefr, has signified his intention to resign, and
that Mr. LEACH is to be appointed to succeed
Mr. Serjeant litsr, in addition to his new appoint.
meet as a Welch Judge, will be appointed Chancellor
to the PRINCE REGENT. •
The election of a Burgess for the Borough of Col-
chester, in the room of Mr. THORNTON, tame on 4
the Town Hall, when Mr. HARVEY declined goiog
to a poll : Sir W. BURROUGHS was of course declared
duly elected.
The SPEAKER'S last Parliamentary Levee, for this
present Session, will be to-morrow,
Yesterday morning the Lords of the Council met
at the Council Office, Whitehall, to hear and deter-
mine Prize Appeals,
'Lord Four, we are happy to state, is much better.
and is pronounced out of danger.
Edgar, the schoolmaster, and APKinlay, who is a
weaver, were sent off from Glasgow for Edinburgh,
on Monday last, in a chaise and four, under the care
of a Master of the Justiciary Coutt, and Calder, an
Officer, without any other escort.
John Warwick and John Irillinson, the two rufEant
who assaulted Sir Ront:RT Siteevivai, the High She-
riff, on his return from the Assembly Rtwims at Lin.
coin to his lodgings, have been tried a id cot:viet.d of
the assault, and sentenced to twelve months' .
sonment, and to be kept to hard labour.
TIIE BANK.—Yesterday, a General Cotirt of Pro-
prietors of Bank Stock WAS held at the Bank, for
the purpose of considering of a dividend for the last
half year.
'lime CHAIRMAN opened the business of the dal' by
reading the proceedings of the I,st General Coon ;
which were, in the usual wry, confirmed:

. -
Mr. HARMAN then rtscomtinended to :he Court a
dividend of 5 per cent. for the halt year, tie war-
rants for which would be issued about the usuallitpe,
the 9th of,April.
h •
•
Mr. CBUSDBY, of Itic_m_ea re to tie
Court, that being a Proprietor Of ink Stock, he
had considered it expedient to address a raper to the
Court of Directors, relative to the production or
Bank accounts, and desired the same to, be react,
The paper in question was acknowledged to ha"c hes,
received, and after some opposition the contert•s we-p
read to the Coot, and proved to be a danand for t'.o
Directors to make a full disclosure of the Bank ac-
counts to a General Court rf Proprietors.
Sir T. TtltroN wished to know the amount o% d:.
vidend due to him from time to time, and whim re
was entitled to receive. It it was a small sum, well
and good ; and it a larg.:r, he ougtit to have it ; to
this purpose he armed and moved, that the books
and accounts onght to he produced.
Sir ARTHUR Plum. r justified the conduct of the
Directors in not producing the accounts hi compliance
with the present application ; and stand to the Court
,eiof
pro.
his opinion, that the Lank were not bound to produce
the accounts at the request
of any one Proprietor.stiol
Mr. Patsr, of Bath, opposed the question
clueing the accounts, and expressed himself highly
satisfied with the present management of die Bank.
Mr. GUNDRY quoted Acts of Parliament to thaw
that the Directors were bound to make a dividend
on all the profits.
Mr. DARBY inveighed against the course so re-
peatedly taken by Si: Thomas Turton, and rejected
by the Court of Proprietors ; and concluded by pro-
posing a Resolution, approving of the conduct of the
Directors, and declaring that it would be highly
inexpedient and injurious" to produce the accounts
called for.

Sir T. Tutyrow inquired on what grounds Oslo
Resolution was called for ? How could they declare
it inexpedient and injurious to produce accounts, of
the nature of which they were wholly ignorant
Certain persons might be interested in currying
favour with the Directors, but the great body of the
Proprietors were not.
Mr. SHAW could see no benefit. no advantage,
likely to arise either to the Proprietors or the Pithlie
from the disclosiii e made by the Honourable Baronsst.
Mr. THORNTON ASTELL would recommend to his
friend (Mr. Darby) to withdraw his motion of thanks,
as the Directors stood sufficiently high in general eskt.
mation and confidence nut to need such assistance.
Mr. DARBY, m deference to the opinion of the last
speaker, agreed to withcfre his motion, if such were
the wish of the Court. _ _

the Court of tme
FIALRIIAN expressed his satisfaction at the
general
ianpgprooihatthiconDmi
racncitt,e,srbte. d byHL
had
Only
no s
to
put the question, that a Dividend nt 5 per cent. be
paid on Wednesday the 9.h of Apr,i.
This, was agreed for and the Court adjourned.

CORN4EXCHANGE, MARCH w.
Having but few buyers of" Wheat at atirket this
motnii,g, the sale cf that atticle 'vas ex:eedingly
heavy at Monday's prices. Fine Barley supports
Monday's prices; but the inf. arc :fs.ptr
quarterlower, and very dull sale at that declihe. In
Uats, Peas, and Beans there is no alreratirm.

aMITHFII.II.IIMARKE I , MARC'S! 21.
Beef as &1 ru 4s tid Vtal 5, 4):1 IQ 64 01
Motion 41 VI to 5s 4.1 f al. 0f .0 i•
Deans OGO—SLetv Lamt, i.ozb AK%
