FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

The whole of De!gium appears to be now in open re-
volt. Our readers will find under this head, ample
accounts of the failure of the Dutch troops in their attempt
on Brussels, and their retreat. The consequences of the
attempt have been precisely what we anticipated. The King
of the Netherlands was in a false position. Success would
have been as ruinous to his interests as failure. All the ac-
counts, except those published at the Hague, concur in
representing the Dutch troops to have been guilty of,
great excesses. The English in Brussels have been great
sufferers. The following letter is written under strong'
excitement, caused by witnessing outrages at which huma-
nity revolts :

' Brussels, Sept. 28.

" Si a—The details of the military proceedings of Prince! Frederick
against the inhabitants of this town, who, after 60 days of unparalleled
exertion end heroism, hare driven the Dutch invaders from their walls,
and have thus saved the Belgic territory from all fear, in future, of
Dutch oppression, will no doubt come to you through the ordinary
channels; but I conceive it my duty to inform the public of England
by your columns, how shamefully, how brutally the Dutch troops have
treated the English here, in their attack upon the town. Even the
Duch officers themselves have made a point of pillaging the English
(whose names, and the circumstances, you shall have in full detail
by the next post.) They have plundered and violated, and then
slaughtered two very young English ladies! Everywhere they have
hunted out the English to abuse and murder them: and in one instance,
they, after killing the mother, bore the infant of an Englishwoman on a
bayonet through their ranks I Such enormities as these should be made
known throughout Europe. They have killed Lord Blantyre in his
house. Such is the conduct of the brigands sent by his Dutch Majesty
here to ensure the slavery of the Belgians, and whom, in Ms Proclama-
tion to the people of Brussels, the Prince Frederick—who, coward like,
has slunk in the rear of his troop*, and has never appeared at their
head—described as the friends and the brothers' of the Belgians !
Such are the favour, the friendship, the benignity of the sovereign
power imposed on a free people by an assemblage of diplomatists. But
the Dutch will quit the Belgic soil, never to return as masters !
Another lesson, this, for Sovereigns!

We see it is all over with the King of the Netherlands in
Belgium.
THE HAGUE, SEPT. 28—The Second Chamber of the States.
General assembled yesterday in a General Committee. We hear that
the Central Section made its Report on the two questions contained
in the Royal Message of the 13th of September last. It appears
that there was a great diversity of opinions on this subject in
the Sections. No decision was come to, 'and the discussion will be
renewed to-day. It will be endeavoured to answer the ques-
tions proposed, so that the Government may learn the real opinion tithe
States-General on the subject, in order then to take such mea-
sures as may be judged the best calculated to attain the end in view.—
In the General Committee of to-day it was resolved, after a very long
debate, that the two questions contained In the Royal Message of the
13th September, should be answered positively, and without any re-
serve. This evening at six o'clock, the Chamber will again assemble In
a General Committee, to determine the answer to be given to the two
(locations. The position in which the Royal troops had been In at Belli-
eds for some days, sufficiently indicated, that notwithstanding the great
brewery which they displayed, it would be difficult for them to maintain
themselves there, without great sacrifices, and without incurring very
great danger. It was therefore expected that they would shortly re-
treat, as they have done, according to the following official accounts,
published to-day in an extraordinary Stoats Courant r_
His Majesty has received accounts from the head-quarters kis
Royal Highness Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, to the following
effect:—The troops who, as stated in preceding reports, bad made
themselves masters of part of the upper town (the Park, the Palaces,
the Hettose.straat, Duke-street, and some of the adjoining streets,) after
having maintained themselves in their positions with distinguished bra-
very ever since Thursday, were attacked on the 26th September in ;the
evening, by a body of insurgents, who at the same time set fire to the
States-General, as they had before done to the Palace of the States-
General In consequence of this, it was necessary to evacuate the
Palace, so that the defence was confined to the Hettoss-stmat, in a posi.
tioa extremely dangerous to the troops; for which reason, it was re-
solved to leave the city for the present to Its fate. The troops marched
out at night in the best order, and without interrupted. The
Prince Is in good health, and the heed-quarters ham, where the
troops have taken a position."
Here follow the names of officers killed, wounded, and taken pri-
soners. Killed-1 Major, I Lieutenant. Prisoners-2 Lieutenant.
Colonels, 1 Major, 1 Captain, 2 Lieutenants. Wounded—l lAeute.
aunt-Colonel, 1 Major, 10 Captains, 10 Lieutenants. With respect to
the Lumber of killed and vomited soldiers, no accurate lists have yet
been received. From the reports, it seems that it may be reckoned
at five or six hundred, of whom 278 wounded had arrived at Antwerp
yesterday.
The reports current here respecting the lose of the 9th Division are
very exaggerated: According to a letter written by an officer of that Di-
vision, on the 26th of September, the number of killed is six, and that
of the wounded is seventy-two. We hear that a body of 600 value-
teen, that were coming from Louvain to the aid of Brussels, was met
by &division of the troops, under Lieutenant-General Core
and the greater part cut to pieces and made priamers.—[Here follows
the account, which we gave, of the fermentation at Bruges, up to Sun.
day morning.]. At t and Antwerp also, according to the latest
accounts, there was great fermentation, and fears were entertained in the
first city, that the populace would proceed to excesses. In order to tran-
quillise the people at Antwerp, who had been Inflamed by all Mods of
reports the City Magistrates had, on Sunday last, at the instance of
General Chasm, issued a notice positive contradicting the report that
Brussels had been set on fire, and declaring that it was an absolute
falsehood that Brussels was to be up to the troops to plunder for two
hours; and adding, that if the City of Brussels had not already been
laid in ashes, this was solely to be ascribed to the noble character and
the humanity of his Royal Highness Prince Frederick. The report that
Brussels was to be pillaged has been spread in the city and the adjacent
country, for the purpose of inflaming people's minds, and inducing them
to rebellion. The situation of 'Helloes is also very aides'. According
to a letter dated yesterday, persons had been busy for three days in ex.
citing the populace to riot; and attempts had been made to disarm
the troops. With this view liquor and money are daily distri-
buted among the people. The troops remain day and night under
arms. It is also affirmed that there have been great riots at
Tirlement. It is said the Burgomaster of that place has been murdered
in the most shocking manner. The accounts from Liege are very me.
'unholy. The populace are complete masters, and perfect anarchy pus.
rails. Mr. Sandberg, the Governor of the province, left the city en
Sunday last, and a Provincial Commission has been appointed, consist.
Mg of Count C. Von Berllaymont, Commandant of the armed citizens;
Jammes, for the provinces ; Bayet, for the maintenance of order ; and
Vereken, for the military pollee—Hague Gazette, Sept. 20,
ANSTEZHAX, Szpv. 28.—Actual Debt, 21 per cent. 451 to 471;
Deferred Debt, 1 to 3.16; Anson. Syndic. 4/ per cent. 771 to 811;
Ditto Ditto, pet cent. 601 to 031.
EXCHANGE ON Lostnox..—One Month, 12 05 to 19; Two Months,
12 02 5-10 to 12.—.elmaterelans Courant, Sept. 29.
