REPRESENTATION OP YORKSHIRE.

A very large proportion of outreadets will learn this day for the
first time. with feelings of equal surprise and regret, that both Lord
Milton and Mr. Marshall have determined to retire from the repre.
sentatiun of the county of York on the approaching dissolution of
Parliament. At the advanced age to which the venerable Earl, the
father of our noble represertative, has attained, it is not un.
natural that his son and successor should decline fo encounter the
toil and expense of an election for ibis great county, more
especially when, from a variety of causes, arising out of the
peculiar circumstances of the succession to the Crown, future
elections may become very frequent. Of the certainty of his
Lordship's return, had be thought proper again to solicit the suffrages
of the Freeholders, these could have been no doubt. Whatever
difference of opinion may have existed on the various and important
subjects which have engaged public attention during the long period
of the connexion between his Lordship and the county of York, in
this all men are agreed—" that he has shown an undeviating ad.
herence to principles, of the soundness of which he was satisfied, and
has invariably done what appeared to him to be right."
Mr. Itlansisau.'s reasons for retiring from the representation of
Yorkshire are more numerous and still more cogent. The high
sense of the unremitting duty imposed upon a representative of the
county of York ; the great exertion necessary for the due perform.
au* of that duty; the late hours at which the business of Parlia-
ment is transacted; his own age; and, above all, the prospect of
frequent dissolutions of Parliament, have no doubt all conspired to
produce the determination he has now taken. The loss of such a
representative u Mr. Marshall, who has so well redeemed all his
pledges ; who has devoted with so much assiduity hie nights
and days to the public interest; who has shown so strong an
inclination, and so much ability to serve this great commercial
community, will be generally deplored ; and those who have had
the best opportunity of judging of his zeal and fidelity as a
county member, will be most anxious that he should still re-
main in Parliament, though within a more limited sphere of
action.

Several names have been mentioned as suitable representatives
of this great county; but as none of the patties have yet avowed
themselves on the present occasion, we shall at present abstain from
repeating their names. The constituent body has an important duty
to perform, in filling up the vacancies occasioned by the recent re-
signations. It is incumbent en them to have men devoted to liberal
principles ; men who will support the cause of economy and reform;
who will make the public good the standard whereby to regulate
their conduct; who will oppose all oppressive monopolies, whether
at home or abroad; whose minds can keep pace with the light of the
age in which they live; who will relax the severity of our criminal
law; abolish slavery in whatever part of the B ' Is dominions it may
exist ; and who will act on the principle that the great end of govern.
ment is to confer the largest sum of happiness upon the people. We fear
that the alteration made in the number of representatives for this
county has opened so wide a door to expence at elections, that it
will be difficult to find independent men to represent us, and we see
no remedy for this evil but one that we have frequently recom-
mended, and that we venture again at this juncture to urge upon
the consideration of the freeholders, namely, to return members
free from expense. That this is practicable has repeatedly been
proved by the example of the city of Westminster, and another
example of a similar kind is now about to be set in the County of
kliddfrsex. This is one of the first and most important steps to-
wards a parliamentary reform. If the constituents do not return
their members freely, they have no right to expect that they should
represent them faithfully.
Some doubt, it seems, has been expressed as to the correctness
of the statement we made on the 19th ult. but we can repeat with
perfect confidence, from an unquestionable sourer of information,
that Mr. Fountayno Wilson has determined to retire from the rem.
=union of this sounty.—Leeds Mercury.
