II gG 10 SLAVERY.

• Mr. G. MOORE presented a petition from Dublin, for compensation,
In the event of the slavery being abolished.
General OASCOYNE said that there could not be a petition from
Ireland without a long speech, followed by several other speeches also,
from members for 'reign/ He must protest against this speech.making
on presentation of petitions.
Mr. CRAMPTON said it was perfectly natural that the supporters
of rotten boroughs should be the supporters also of negro slavery; but
he hoped to see both abolished during the present or neat session.
Mr. CALCRAFT trusted that there would be no successful Abets
to prevent members speaking on petitions—he bad known the greatest
good to result from repeated discussions on petitions; far more than
was obtained by field-day debates. He thought there was no member
in the house who would agree in sentiment with the gallant general.
Mr. G. MOORE said the petitions were from entirely dirt:rent
persons.
Petition ordered to be printed.
_ U.AVZ&T QUISTIOIL
_ _

Mr. HODGSON trusted, in reference to the question about to
be brought forward, that the presentation of petitions would be
allowed till seven o'clock.
Lord A LTHORP had to expels the hope that the honourable
member for Weymouth (Mr. F. Buxisa) would postpone his mo-
tion, which stood for this evening, till after the mess. (Loud cheers.)
7111 within these few days he had no idea that it situ Intended po-
sitively to urge it forward to-night; end when It was recollected bow
deeply important was the question--how seriously it Involved the
opinions of the Government, and the interests of the eoleales—he
trusted he was not asking to much to beg that It might be post.
(Hear.)
Lord HOWICE observed, aka bet nndentesd it would not be
pressed forward now, and be bad es ledismsed his noble friend; he
trusted the motion would be postponed. There was an open day, =nye
1,1
forw
Wednesday, April Is, when it might be meet usefully
ard.

CALCRANT one pressil she usesseity et psetpeeng the me.
ties—ass of is Nisi bovetsses.asi when se end thaw would
melt Avail std.. sup.
Str J. MACINTOSH urged posereansest, Y ads, to aged the
