COAST OF AFRICA.

arrival of his Maim'iressbip
in possession of advice* from
80 recant a date* the 14th of
afforch sreiatittidniotren ha.enithled -$ state,
'tee army had taken its, departiarein „Ifise
inteetountry, and proceeded to the back
41410d1reee 'they ?consisted encamped. Weltave
lted, that-Cudjo Cooniah, one of In
tons they had come in punish, put its
iezietence,. to araid‘iling.into their 'hands.
Quon SaffarontcbiO, was treacle.
by his own: people, and his nmAituLdeli.•
to the Ashantee Comihander. These t -
accuted by tbe•Mhantees of. haying occasioned
',any years duration. Having ascertained
.they;did mot penist. In their demand of
third, who was named on the coast,
',nee, delisered op to them. They alleged
ly participated in a slight degree in the in.
insels of his colleagues; but the real cause
.tearance with respect to him, is under-
Ave been that be was a favourite with some
King's family. •
around Cape Coot Cattle Wen been TO.
Anost to a state- of starvation,
,but their dis-
had been relieved by the hurnaaltY of the
'ACeTS and others, who raised a substviption
them the means of existence. By order
Governor and Council* the Cape, WO chests
had- beak purchased tesny the soldiers and
- Ake *noviceth• Ciwpoyb. ',General
the Goveroor orthe' Unteh tenet of St.
. • may paid. his preauistd visit to Cape
41sa &Sib of June, and expressed himself
gratified with his reception.. The dispute or
theritermed, the plane, between the :
•the inhabitants of Oddenna, a deparilency of
Malawi,. lid b any acts of hostility, at the
. of the .Inionstint. .
. . .
serious fact is meads:tea with regard .ict
late Parser of his Malesty's
the vessel at Prince's Island, and purchased
T, with the intention of trading along the
ipou his 'Mogen shore it Whydah.lw wo
by. the people, asidcompelled to minute the
of the fort diem which. theme iSb ihan-
some years ago, on the. den Lionel'
hydah. is, -situated in n Actritory of the'
name, . which has fur pearly a century %teen a
of the kingdom of Dahomey.. Whether
had conferred the command upon. Mr.
with any intention '-ef making an effort to re.
indeocodeook or detained bias as a pledge
intent of any arrears or duos for the British
sot been ascertained.. .

soL,JI AMER/CA.

auerous.Papers we received in the course of
front the windward West India Islands,
. a different aspect to the military transac.
passing on the contiguous Main, and hlp us to
falwhuosl of must of the statements and
itions of King Teldinand's agents contained in.
•unites. Bolivar was in fact beaten at Oen.
superior numbers, but it was a dear triumph
Without attacking Cumana, he
tfiat.quarter with fifteen sail, 700 men, and
ivantity of arms; on an invitation from, and
concerted plan with the Independent Chiefs'
the rear of Caiaccas. Bolivar and Soublette
:.oeumare, and Sir Gregor M'Gregor at
to march on Maray.. Soublette proceeded
Cabrera. This small army being thus slivided,
Morales having .been 'able to collect a strong
'from La Guira and the country round Valencia,
mem the centre under Soublette, and the
under Bolivar, and the first was thus defeated.
trims lost two hundred men, 700 , stand of
had landed at Ocumare, but, they embarked

small cannon.. .
;ear, thus separated from his troops, and the
' part of the plan of junction with the Gus.
the interior being foiled, sailed up to Wind.
make fresh arrangements, nod it was Settled
should proceed up to Guyria oa the upper
Cumana, and take the colunand of the
army acting in thatquerter—thire lie landed
tast.sailing brig, about the 24th of.
Au ust.r-
and Bermudea, however, eommandrog the
division, refused to admit of Bolivar as their
till a Coat martial bad sat on the events
Ocuntire, a measure on which the latter insisted,
consequence of which ha.(gulivar.) came down to
.t.quatters at bfargaiita the place selected for; the
berets was when the list scientists were re.
An error in judgment is, eonsegussidy, all
be laid to the charge Of Bolivar.
are happy to state that ceding to the best
accounts, Sir Gtegor 144Gregtw.," now Commander
of the corps acting to leeward, iii riot killed,
Spaniards had boasted, even foe the fiftieth
but ha* effected is-inaction with the Patriots in
-of Cars. Monagastad beau* the Spa-
m Angostura, a hurnet's nest On the Mimeo.,
the Royalists had,hitherto collected.
interior 9f the country hat been amply sup.
with arms, by which means. the .Pasriat Chiefs
before had been compelled to act on detached*
, are now able to concentrate, and as they ap.
nearer to the central point of Caiaccas from
routes, the Spaniards will lose their supplies,
ugh Bolivar. is not in active. service, and the
inding has been partially ;Unpropitious, the cause
. eventually triumph, since the Spariiards have
more than 1006 men in 40 province of Caraccas,
the population all roupd is against theni.
Bolivar's last trip to windward he intercepted 'a
tclt from the British, ;Governor of Trinidad to
,anish Clmniandersat Cumana, the contenrs'ol
he considered as a, violation of that neutrality,
tiinet at, home had. chalked out for its conduct
morn9t.tdos struggle. „Bolivat wrote the Ga-
r. a spirited letter on the occasitin; but as the
14 papers are shortly expectestover, we refrain
say ing.any. thing more ea the subjeet eA pre•
We shall, however, state, that the. friendly in.
tree which has so long existed between Trinidad
e !stain, by which a large trade was pesimoted,
,bandant suppliei of provisions obtained, ii new
at an end.
p.inted has been the want of hospitality *hewn
zladers from the Main, as well as to the exiles
had sought an asylum under a British flag, that

,-iyet near -tbe coast
idiabited by a fel* free • blacks and mulattos',
tc.upted in.tillege. Thy burnt alit their hum seized
sevenvitalek; carried them away to oast, 'bound,
and.. Ring, 'bent into the sea. 'Fortunately one ez-
triated Wheat; and saved his life by Switntning; by
*bid% zieaite•it was discovered who lb" perpetrators
of the honk; act wese.• Goes. Island. is generally
'mid as a dependency of Trinidad, yet, we
learn, hat no nicest*, lure been taken to obtain sa-
tirfaction for this barbarous insult, or to prevent the
recurrence of anti* ones.

• FRENCJI.P4PERS.

..ter.....

• , PARIS, OCTOBER EC
Yesterday bii Me,jesty presided at the Couneß of
Ministers.
.. -
His' Royal. Highness the Duke d'Angeuleme quit-
ted Paris this morning for Rambnuillet.
The sth Regiment of the Royal Guard executed
this day some fine manoeuvres at the Champ de Mars,
as did at one o'clock the Hussars and Cuirassiers .on
the plain des SAWS:.
This dat, at eleven o'clock, in presence of the
45th and 26th Departmental Legions, at ,the Place
41,e Vendome, four soldiers of these corps were de-
pasted ; one of these was condemned to. ten years
Imprisonment in irons, and another to five years hard
Mom-
• The German Journals announce their aprehen.
slew that the expected Diet will not be held in No-
vember : they fear its postponement to another year.
On the 18th twelve vessels arrived at Bourdeaux,
laden With corn.
The Mossitoo, of the'24ah instant contains Royal
Ordinances for the appointment of numerous indivi-
duals to divers official situations in Departmental
Tribsnals of First Instance; and for the appointment
•of several Commissaries, Priseurs, in certaid towns
and districts of France.
Yesterday morning Monsieur and the Princes his
ions. accompanied by the Duke of Ragusa, reviewed
in the Court of the Tuilleries the Departmental Le-
gions forming the garrison of Paris, the 16th and 12th
Legions of the National Guard, three regiments of
infantry, Ste. When the review was terminated, the
King appeared in the Grand Balcony with. Madame
and the. Duchess de Bari, and testified to the Princes
and the Marshal his satisfaction at the fine appear
ance made by the troops.
The Marquis de hlarialva set off yesterday for
Vienna, where he will espouse, in the name of his
Sovereign, the King of Portugal, the second daugh-
ter of the Emperor. It is said that he will spend the
winter at Vienna, and will next spring conduct his
new Sovereign to Leghorn, where she will embark
for the Brazils on board a Portuguese vessel.
The report is renewed that the Emperor of -Aus.
tria, after his nsarriagei will visit Southern Italy:—
His Majesty will be accompanied by Print. Met.
ternich.
RESULT OP TUE LATE ELECTIONINEW Depth!,
60; Members of the late Chamber, 171.; Deputies
returned for two different places, 2. The names of
the two Deputies-from Corsica are still unknown.
The number of the DepUties to the last Chamber,
not returned to the present, is 215, of whom forty-
one are under the required age of forty. Forty4ix
of the Presidents of the Electoral Colleges have been

returned Deputies.
GENOA, OCTOBER e.
An English brig. Capt. Stewart, has lately arrived
here with a part of the suite and numerous valuable
effects of the Princess of Wales. The latter are now
landing, and consist of several kinds of rare animals,
some antiques, inscriptions on marble, fine Mosaic
wont, sculptured columns, and various minerals. All
these articles will be forth With forwarded to Como,
where the Princess now is, and where it Is to,
she will remain for some time,
NAPLES. OCTOBER I.
The subjects of the kingdom of the Two Sicilies
delivered front slavery at Algiers have received from
his Majesty the means of returning to their families.
During quarantine the King caused them to be sup-
plied with whatever they stood in need of.
The persons confined-for political opinions and the
unfortunate wretches who took part in the mad at-
tempt of Murat, continue to experience the Royal'
clemency. The former are mostly set at liberty when
they can procure the means of existence, and the Tat-
ter obtain retreats io Sicily.
Theban ditti of Calabria-are closely pursued.
The American squadron has finished its operations.
Mr. Pinckney has relinquished the ridiculous preten-
sion of supporting his degociations with threats. Our ,
watch-wordis Newer.
time, ocrom •It. . .• . •
During the list week,- the fair became worse than
kit was before. There were few purchasers. The DUMP
'her aselleri Was not greater than usual. There was.
little demand- roe woollen cloth. Linens are very
dear, although little is sold. The most neccssarrar- ,
7ertneet with the greatest sale. The number of l
biglish dealers and the quantity of English mer.
chandise is pra:ligious, and the latter is at a moderate
• ••
free. The English have taken a great deal of mo-
ney at this fair. The Louis has risen more than nine
'per cent. his generalli remarked that the English
have drawn a great, deal of cash frctn the Continent.
There are a great number of Jews at the fair, who
'have also a *real deal of money s but they have as
yet bought little, and are waiting fore more favour.
able opportunity. Many dealers have not taken suf-
ficient to defray thee:pease of theiriourney. The
causes to which the unfavourable state of the fair are
attributed, are, amiikothers, a great number Of con-
siderable sales by auction, which were held in (life•
rent places, the continually increasing price' f 'provii
ionss the scarcity of money, and the reduction of a
number of fortunes.

great
There is but little demand for colonial produce.
although it is at .a moderate price. A pound of good
coffee costa seven Sapn groscben (24 sous) ; sugar;
from nine to ten greschen. The labours of harvest
are not yet entirely finished in our envirgns, which
contributed.to diminish the number of feta par%
,chasers, who usually come from the country. We

-
%loads h
11.
VW*
Inc

A.&

-Ulig

bribe ea—
reign iayooets. Logi, Z VIII. vtillheniteltirth.ra_„-
ever the hearts of his sebjeats in,defiance of the Vl-
teas acid their foreign Partisans. And what will the
King lose by, the defection or this Party'? The' Ins.
manse majority of Frenchmeri have akeedr replied.
through the orgaa.of the patio* Electors of Lyon
'• for one Emigrant who deserts hie Majesty, he will
win ten thousand of us.' Thrall' something consca
latory, too, in the frank enthusiasm of the hardy pea:
sentry of Dauphiny We see by the Ordinance
that the King proteets the lowest classes of his sub-
jects—rave le Rei.'
" Be assured, Mr. Editor, that the Ultras, and
their coadjutors in England. are undertaking a task
far beyond their power to accomplish. The larger
towns may be corrupt and docile, but it would be
easier to annihilate than replunge the rural impute.
tion of France in the trammels of feudal servitude or
monkish superstitior. Amidst the shock of revolu-
tionary elements, a spark has elicited which is che.
risked by the nation, as an equivalent for all their
sufferings. Had not the'late Chamber been dissolved,
it is my conscientious conviction that the dread and
hatred of 29 millions of inhabitants, for the obsolete`
pretensions of strangers, menacing their nearest and
dearest rights. however concentrated and suppressed
by the presence of the Allied Armies, would a little
later have bunt forth with the resistless fury of i
'voltam, and after having overwhelmed the short-
sighted*. bigots and despots that first kindled the
Same, might again have ravaged and desolated
Europe.
" It is not in France that the question which an
English Journal contains, will be 'advanced, What
has the late Chamber done r The repty is ready :
every thing that could rouse the fears of the nation
for their rights, and the purchasers of the national
domains for their property.
" MM. Puyrnorin and Castelbajac made no secret
of their intention of restoring to the Church .its sold
and confiscated lands; the latter denounced their
alienation in the Chamber as a palpable robbery, sad
menaced collecting from 3.50 to 400 millions of francs
from the infinite subdivisions in which it had been
I parcelled out. The surrender of the national domains
[ must have followed. All France teas persuaded that
the motions concerning the Clergy were preliminary
to this step, which, however, would have required
coalesced Europe to execute. Even now one of the
ancient families of the State is reclaiming feudal
homage and revenue at St. Brieai: and when the
Authorities, to put an end to this indecorum, enjoin.
ed the person to desist from pretensions which meaac-
ed the treaquality of the State, and which are di-
reedy abdlished by the Charter, this representative
of an illustrious house declared the intention of sub-
mitting the affair to the Tribunals.
" Consider, Sir, the variety of coercive penal laws
the Chamber has sanctioned, and the intolerable op-
pression of the exclusive Prefects over those whom'
they believed to be of another political persuasion—
that general einoweies which was directed against
everyr!vidual born since the Revolution, or who
ta had a pirt in the Revolution, acd which re-
(lured thousands to beggary and despair. Ido not
[ enter into the quesdrei of the justice of providing for
the Emigrants, but I am developing the causes of the
natural joy with which the intelligence of the disso-
lution of the Chamber was received in the remotest
corners of the kingdom.
' " It is remarkable that the most exaggerated Ul-
tras have been, almost' without exception, ferocious
'Jacobins. I shall have more occasions than one of
[ illustrating this truth, when recording the speeches
of the Deputies of the new Chamber.
" It is reported that M. de Chateaubriaad has
composed another pamphlet, to be published the day
previous to the meeting of the Chamber. For all
reply to the pompous eulogium passed in some papers
on this Gentleman, I shall, without any observation
of my own, submit the following facts to an impar.
tial and enlighted public :
" M. Chateaubriaad, long after the assassination
of the Duke d'Enghien, made the most pompous
euloginm on Bonaparte in his preface to Attila..
" He endeavoured to be named Inspector of all
the Imperial Libraries,.in•whirk he did not succeed.
" In his discos rsebs (leerier, •he panegyeizes the
young Napoleon with poetical enthusiasm. entitling
him • the hope of the world,, the adspicietts boy, &c.
" If you will insert these reminiscences, which I
pledge myself to be cones*, the poblicava be better
enabled to judge of the political consistency of this
Statesman." •
American Papers to the•l9tb ult. stare, that the
Bank of North Carolina bus notified to the Secretary
of the Treasury its intention to resume nth payments
• y the 20th February;. by which it secures to itself
the advantage of haying its paper taken-in.the
don of the rieetitte. Reports had arrived froth'
Naples, that the negociation as to the claims for
Mottaa's spoliatioes was going on favourably.. The,
separation of Main* from Massachusetts, is not likely
tti take place without a new Act of Legislature, as
the votes in favour of it fall short, by 400, of the
majority of five-nintlis, requisite by the late Act.—
Extensive •improvenseots• have been going on in the
City of Washington since the termination of the war.
In the western districts of Carolina there has been
*almost a total failure of the corn crop, owing to.tbe
long continued draught. Many of the farmers were
disposing of their property, and emigrating to other
districts. There bad been a pretty general tall of rain
from Maryland to New Hampshire. Mnl BARCLAY,
[one of the British Commissioners for' settling the
[ boundary, was on'his way to Passamaquoddy.
At Washington, between nine and ten.o'cliock in
the morning of the Bth September, an extraordinary
phenomenon was noticed. The Sun was surrounded
with .a circle. or hale, at the usual diameter, but un-
commonly bright and well defined, being tinged,
especially in it" tipper or wutern pert, with prismatic
colours. Another circle, apparently ot- twice the
diameter of the te`riwitiwe hale, extended westwardly,
and passed through the Sun. The secon4ry kale was
white through its whole circumference ; at the same
time a portion of a rainbow, of perhaps 20 degrees,
;appeared in the north-east, at about 44) derces.above
the horizon.

•
Jarnes
• •
By the an
.are putir
Cistle, of sc
It effort:R-Ire
• the Ashsnte4
from the Fit!
of Actillsift
already. state
gitives ef•
end to bites
• A second,'n
Twisty slain•l
vered over ti
were accuse(
a war of Ins
their raw th
having the
Coffee Ashs
that he.only
juries* coup
of their fort
- stood-to hav
of the King
The bled
duced almot
tresses bad
British Otfic
to purchase
of the Growl
of coot had•
blacks' in Al
• Daendels, tl
•George•tiel
Curibt ua ash
highly grad
as it is tiser
tees and -tbe
El Mica, hi
depaEhist a
A iteri9si
Sewett, tat
He left the
a schooner,
coast. Up
detained by
command.
dotted soar I
Abson.: • IA
same name
dependency
the peiple
Seseetc.witt
gain their i
roe!tbe
feu, hod
•
The nor
last weet f
give quite
dons passit
detect the
conclutioni
their Gan
• mate by it
to the Spit
bed kat di
a large qu
under a cc
acting jn tl
larded at!
Citorot.i, t
on to Cain
and Moral
force from
got in bey
reserve ea
The raric
arms they
their smal
Bolivar,
material g
rillas in tt
ward to m
that he sh
coast of
united an
from a fai
Marino al
Cumana
superior,
at °cuing
in ails%
hcad•quw
trial, light
ceived.
that can I
We ay
accounts,
in Chief
as the Sp
time. bit
the rear
ajar& at
where th
The
plied tail
who bef
points, ;
proach
several I
and Choi
first len
Must es
not mw
and the
Jn B
dispatcl
• the Spa
which t
the Cal
in this
vcrn,,r.
.i
ontn4
from s.
sit.
tercpUt
and tin
and 4b
near'ky
S.' ti
to the
Who h.

• •
. • a . .1 •
or tAtt $ 440 vita u
nion owe& ray will nowirselogrOor Powealf . loop dlownsorgen 4
Am; wiliwitimag.Poim"" ' plidwriv.sursik,
le Xetth* 1! 1:I We% *. • '
.'•o. tobe
its
us
,04 liawtocivirv.2
bosom
B Cep. Cad
*el tiltal it;* rael ars itaiigorplrernLosct";V
Fitt wat asi, r o s
as S♦the " • • iiiiiiipasuatied of ltath: "*.V4
ru state, chat
i" 411****1,-.itlet--..l"llePs. klnits.:::.4dasit::llll:Wetamandell'ai 111.:;111:2 d!"317-117.a:lets'Y G.l_ll lei.
—3llllrne."ll.ll.l.•lllrahenceimacejtalth4:l4-ile
