umber, which went to encottrage the stbjects of
every country to rebel against their Governments.
The principles, then acted upon by the French As-
sembly, those of pbwer run mad, of despotism drunk,
had, as it appeared to him, been recently acted upon
at Troppau and Laybach. The French Decree pro-
mised to assist any subjects who rebelled against their
Sovereign : the Hambnrgh Declaration engaged to
prevent any reform being effected in the Govern-
ments of the Continent. To him the Declaration ap--
peared to be an edict against all the laws of nations;
and it might be considered a jest ground of war by
every free country.—" Jastam gel ism quibus neces-
sarium et pia arms
partition of Poland was justified on the
sane principles as were now employed in the very case
of Naples. The partitloaing Sovereigns, after lament-
lug the disorders of Poland, stated, a. the only remedy,
that a great part of the country should be divided
among themselves. In the year 1791 a free Constitution
bad been introduced into Poland, and the Govern.
ment had been made hereditary. But the Empress
of Russia marched an army into Poland, to support
the ancient Constitution; and the King of Prussia,
who had recognized 'the new Constitution, seized
that part of the country that was most convenient for
him. The House was called upon to pronounce a
strong opinion upon the most important question
that could come before a Legislative Assembly. The
consequence, as to Naples, would probably be, that,
for some time, there would be a vassal Prince on the
Throne, and then Naples would be absorbed into the
Austrian dominions. But would not the Emperor
of Russia imitate the example of Austria? and Prus-
sia might, as she had done before, seize the patrimo- '
nial dominions of his Majesty in Germany. By the
treaty betwixt Germany and Naples, it was stated'
that no change should be made in the Constitution
of Naples, that might affect the neigbb'buring Pro-,
vinces. The conduct of Austria afforded a clear
comment on that article of the treaty, which was to
continue a pure Military Government. The oppres-
sors of Italy when they Called out anarchy, in fact
meant liberty, and against liberty were their efforts
directed. It was clear that the present movements
of that Power were directed, not against the Car-
bonari—not against the Spanish Constitution—not
sigainst the wild schenies of Democracy, but against
the smallest relaxation of the system of a stern Mili-
tary Despotism. If he- might invert the sentiment
expressed by one of our moral Poets which ran thus:
1, License they mean, when they cry Liberty! ' •
11 But who means that, must first be wise and good!"
—he would say, oppose these who first cry Anarchy, I
for they must be found the reverse of evil, and good.
The hostility of Austria was, in point of fact, now di-
rected, as appeared from the stipulation to which he
had referred, against the principles of the British Con-
stitution—( Hear, hear).—Certain Powers had intro-
duced a sort of reasoning Gazettes, and, though the
reasoning was all on one side, yet an opposite conclu-
sion was sometimes drawn from that which was meant
to be deduced. The Hon.-Gentleman proceeded to
quote the language of M: Gentz and the -Berlin
Gazette, which assigned totally different reasons for
the conduct of the Allies than what had been as-
'signed in their own 'Circulars. The Allied Powers
expected that the whole of the noble struggles for our
liberty shbuld be characterized as usurpations from
our legitimate Monarchs. Could any man who had
a drop of British Wood in his veins endure such a
proceeding? The Bill of Rights \vas extorted from
Charles the First, and so had been stated in the Re-
cords of Parliament, in perpetuam rei memoriam,
The most important Act of Habeas Corpus hid been
gained after a struggle of seventeen years ; and to
which Charles 11. was so adverse, that he told Has
rillon it was impossible to govern mankind under it.
By the proposal of the Allied Powers, all those noble
efforts were to be branded as usurpationi. Such alli-
ances
and concilialmiet, formed by them, tended to
produce the most fatal effects on the happiness of na-
tions. The Holy Alliance was a wild rhapsody; and
these Royal Professors of ethics and- theology should
learn, that what had formerly rescued Europe from
slavery, the Christian'Faith, could not be made sub-
servient toldunge it into slavery again—(Hear).—
Till the present day,' England had been the ene fly
of every kind of oppression. .At the time of the Re-
formation, Elizabeth,Henry of France, and the Prince
of Orange, had put themselves at the head of that
great movement of the human mind. Two of these,
the Prince of Orange and the King of France, fell
by the daggersof assassins, the victims of legitimacy.
The third, Elizabeth, died full of years and.glory,
though branded by the advocates of legitimacy as
the most infamous of Sovereigns. What would have
been said of the Revolution of 1688, had such a'
Holy Alliance then prevailed ? -It would have been
said, it had been effected by an ungrateful nephew
and unnatural daughters, a mutinous army, and a
Clergy false to their own Creed—(Loud Cheers).—
He hoped that the sense of the People of England
would be conveyed to the allied Despots, and make
them learn how their conduct was viewed by a free
People. The Hon. Member concluded by moving
for—" Copies of all Correspondence between his Ma-
jesty's Government and the British Ministers abroad,
relative to the late proceedings at Naples."
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that the House could
not then assent to the motion of the Hon. Member,
unless they were prepared to interfere with the affairs
of Naples. At the, same time, he did not mean to
deny that a time might arrive when the House would
not scruple to afford the desired information. Upon
the face of the Document on the table, it was obvious
that the' Govern meat of this country was not at all 1
cominitted. Ban had the British Government been
implicated, .still, pending the transactions, such a
demand as that of the Hon. Member ought never to
have been made. Upon this occasion, he had been
blamed for not preicribing a system to all the other
dwersOf Europe, though the same Gentleman who
ntre • made -that charge, had formerly contended,
that the policy of the country was t.i lie on its
oats, .and to husband its resources—(l-/car, hear).—
was too much to be told, after the view that
' d heed taken of the state of the country by the
,Gentlemen opposite, that we should be desired to
read a greatmoral, or 'rather an immoral lesson, to
the Powers of the Continent. No individual had
deserved more of the gratitude of mankind than the
Illustrious Monarch who had. been made the chief
object of attack. Though he (Lord Castlereagh)
disapproved of the conduct as to Naples, yet he
would 'always &fend the' principles' of the Holy

. .
