TO PRINTERS AND BOOKSELLERS.

TO be DISPOSED of, and may be entered
4- upon at Chriftmas, or Cooper if required, an old and well
eftablifhed PRINTING, BOOKSELLING, STATIONARY,
and BOOK-BINDING BUSINESS, fituate molt eligibly in a
capital Market Town. The profits of the Bufinefs for the bft
two years have been not lefs than jscl. per Annum, and ca-
pable of confldemble Improvement. The Capital required for
the Stock. Printing and Binding Materials, and Fixtures, to-
gether with the Houfehold Furniture, and a long Leak of the
Pranifes, will be abbot tscol. Inclulling the confideration for
the Rutile:. Part of the Money may remain at Intereft.A
Catalogihe of feveral Hundred Volumes of Books is in great for-.
wardnefs for Publication, the benefit of which is referred for
the Pu&chafer.

Addrefs by letter, (poft.pald) tot. Z. at Mr. Albin's, Che-
tnift, No. to, llrook-itrett, Holbortwill be duly attended to.

WHEN PrGfeffional Men of education and re-
fpcnlibilit7 deviate from the gendeal ryltern by the re
leetion of a peculizr Branch, the fandion of Meg continued
fuccers h the beR criterion of fuperiority.
Ten years have I devoted m pratlice to the ezc!ufive treat
moat of THREE DISORDERS, and the fuccdsful refult of
my plan gives me additional ardour to oppofe as far as I am
a6l,t the ravages of thole complaints which are the molt import
ant in the catalogue of human infirmities.
After initiation into every bsanch as an Army Surgeon, !
formed a with at an early period of Pradtice to refcuc indic:du
ales from the ignorance of uneducated Men, or the equally clau•
gerous precipitsztry of general Pradtitioners.
The THREE DISORDERS, to the cureof which I have de-
voted my attention, comprise every fpecies of VENRAEAI
INFECTION, w!zether of a recent or long duration.
An kinds of DEBILITY, whether arifing from the habits 0,
Schoolboys. or the indulgence of mature age, and laftly that de
rangement of the fyftan in Women which is calker BARREbI-
NFSS or STERILITY.
Numerous difealts are the refult of ignorance or hafte In
trd.tment of a Pimple ("gonorrhea, and it not unfrequently hap-
pens that t:. feeds r.f Life are poifoned by the indircredon V as
unguarded Lour. By. a fuper!or Mrthad fuch complaints arc
aifily cured, and even whtrs ethers have failed, I ti act that I
I .may prefume te afore radical re-atablifienent •
Few, however, are the cafes of complicated diftrefs in the
diforder,compartld with the calamitous fituadona of Men,wh,
from indulgence ins SOLITARY VICE, or the prevalent Cl ale-
-1 ties of a fathionable Life, acquire that Rate of Debility whiaL
' is the unavoidable confequence of fuch pernicious habits.
W !IC-0 the unhappy fufferer broods over his mifery, hut care
conceals his misfortune, it may be (nine confolationfcr
him to knvv, that :dtbough it be an oblet of doubt or unser-
;
minty wit': other }intentional', the removal of chefs Di2Fl
CIENCI tly the gradual progrefs of R enovation tht acquire-
ment of my cy.perience. If the rites of Bacchus or Venus have
hcgun to rd..ll.ce manly vigour, much anxiety will be prevented
by an early counterattion of this languid Rate, and in the's
cares no great diMculties wW occur.
, But where this Deficiency ha.. for years exifted, a proper Pa-
Ihverance is lu.:ifpenfibly requite eto revive the flumbring (parks
of Life. an:! to rc-arimatc the Conftitution.
MAR Rle,D WOMEN, who have long been difappointed
In their csne3itions of a Family, may be animal. that in moll
h.ltaiscca rut:9 ,e.credis are curable by Muileal Skill.
'I he sr.':arcy which is to effaitial to my undertaking, and
eac. Anal. cairns which I have preformed to Rate, form the
Elafis tit Inv 11%n-clone, and In coincidence with fuch this inn-
nation is 'given; that Mr BREE may be confulted pefonall!
(ur. by Icttene inet:;;lng a (mall note) at his houfe, No. a 9, Arur-
del-{freer, Strand, utter Temple-Bar.
I • There Is an a3Jf:IOW entrance in Water-itieet adjoining
and die name ic on both the doors.
, N.rat.E. enstfr of the Royal College of gorgeook

, • •

A Complete Herbal, cont.ining the Prints and Englifh
Names-of fereral Thousand Trees, 1-.. tuts, Shrubs.
Fxoties, &e. ma 1p of w:lich are nut to be found tbe Herbal
of Gerard, johnfon, .or Parkinfon. By lone. Z:t..•ston; M. D.
8 vo. 4s. boards.
The Animal Kingdom. Trauflated front Gmelin's lan. Edi-
tion of Sir Charles I.itin,-'s celebrated Syit'mta Narurx, amend-
ed and enlarged by the Improvements and P!feov..t ies er later.
Nafuraliiti and Societies. By Wm. T urt on, M. D. in lour large
V015."21. tot. hoards. • •

Dr. Turton's GloiEry ; in which the words in t?le
various branchcsof Medici-at:are 1.1-..!iloced from ttwir nri2inal
Languages,propePly accent.N!, and , xrlained, ato.boards, 11. t 9.
The Britil'a Critic, Moodily, Critical. and .^.nalytical
Reviews have recommended this as a N1':1-4.1 highly valuele to
the learned and curious, and of tlic greatelt utility to the Me-
dical Student.

Matthew Poole's Annotations on the Old and New Tefta.
mcnts, whcrein the facrt.d text is inferted, and v..rious Read-
ings annexed; tot_x!•.,:r with the p.,rallel Scriptures; the more
difficult terms in each Vert': are explained, teeming Contra- '
dietions reconciled, Qucitic.ns and Doubts refolved, a-td the
w. ole rendered familiar to all Capacities.-4 Vols. in ato. pnee
o , y 21. es.
Calvary, or the Death of Chrift, a Poem, in eight Books, by
Richard Cumberland. Efq. in boards,9s.
The Obferver : b, ins a Collection of Moral, Literary, and
Familiar Eflays, by Richard Cumberland, Efq. the sth cditinn,
aewly arranged; to which is aacd, an entire trantratian of the
Comedy of the Cloud;, 6 vols. t 14s. 6d. hoards.
The Cloud ..of.k r i itoph an e s, by NI r.Cu m be rind, hoards, 2s. 3d.
A Synopftz, of Mineralogy, rendered rafy and familiar, in a
variety of the molt ufefu I and entertaining proceffes and opera.
lions on Mineral Bodies. By James Millar, Efq. Profeffor of
Mineralogy and Chemiltry. publilhed at IL t s.fcwed, 7s. 6th
, Memoirs of the Life of Charles Macklin, Ffq. compiled prin.
eipally. from his nvrn Papers and Memorandums, including his
Obfervatioris and Critiques on the molt eminent Perform.. re of
his Time; the whole forming a comprelienlive but fucclndt
History of the Englifh Drama, for the Period of mat ton Years,
with a fine portrait, engraved by Ridley, 2 vols. Bvo. board:. t
Sterne's Works complete ; containing, his Triftram Shandy ;
Sentimental journey; Scrmmis; Letters; Life. etc. publiihel
at 16s. 8 pocket volumes, in very neat boards Bs.
Spectator, publilbed at 16s. 8 pocket volumes, in very urat
hoards, 95.
Shakefpeare's Plays complete, with his life, ptfnithed at as.
9 pocket volumes, in neat boards, los. 6d.
••• The three preceding articles arc uniformly printed,
forpinganeat fmail colleCtion.

The Science of Teaching, applied to Elocution, Poetry, th•
Sublime of Scripture, and Hiftory, with a novel and improvrtt
arrangement of the latr.r, for the Life ef Clatilcal oy ir.
Mortice, Private Teacher, litTIO. boards, 39.
The Magus ; or the Celeftial Intelligeneer; a complt•te
tern of Occult Philtifophy, being a Summary tpf ail the b •tft:
Writers that have written on Magic, Alehynay, NlagnetiLt.
the Caballa, ace. viz. Cornelius, Agrippa, Paracelfus, Tri-
themius, Van Helmont, Hermes Trilmegiftus, Lilly, Itre,
interfperfed with a great Varicty of New Matter, Notes,
tare and curious Experiments, 8:c. by F. Barrett, Profeffor of
Chemiltry, Natural and Occult Philofophy, ke. Illuftratcd
with a; very curious Copper-plate Engravings, fume in co-
lours, of the Figures of Demons, Spirits, &c. tiro. 11. ys. boards.
L'Abbe Cruelly's New French Grammar, neatly bound, 35 6d.
I—Among the improvements fuggefted by this author is a new
and familiar method of conjugating the verbs.
Pope's Tranflation of Homer's Iliad & Odyffey, with Notes,
.5 vols. royal Bvo, boards, 31.35.
Ditto, on a fuper-royal paprr, ofwhich a very finall nuttaber
are printed, boards, 41. tos.--sl'he tweet:ding edition of liont,:r
is embellithed with mofi beautiful wood-cuts and col.-tr-pl.to:
:engravings, and, in refped to typography, is one of the linclt
fpecimens of the Englith prefs.
; Saurin's Sermons, on the Attributes of GOD, Truth of Reve-
lation, Principal Doeirines of Chritiianity, Chriftian Morality,
:Sacramental Occalions, Bee. tranflated by Robert Robinfon, of
'Cambridge, and Dr. Hunter; to which are prefixed, Memoirs
'of the Reformation in France, and the Life of Sattrin; a ott‘e
edition,printed on a fine wove paper, with new types, pultliih‘d
,at IL ars. 6 vols. Bvo. boards, it. ss.
Emblems for the Improvement and T:•-tcrtainment or
relating to all Situations of Life, with G 2 copper-plates,
tithed at 45. neatly bound and lettered, 25. 6d.
Metaftafio's Dramas, and his other Poen% tranflated from
the Italian, by Hoole, a new edition, with frontirpieeeso vol..
publiihed at 11. is. boards, i7s.
Thornton and Price's Lite of Cultist, his Apoilla and their
Succeffors, for Soo years after the Crucifixion, wish many fine
plates, publiflied at t 3s. 6d. 4to. boarda, Bs. 6d.
Hervey's (Author of Mcditation:, &GO Theron and Afpafio;
or a Series of Dialogues and Letters upon thn.' molt import-Ito
and interefting Subjeds, a new edition, with fine copper-plate.,
fells at Bs. a VOIS. 122110. boards 48.

Recueil de Morceaux Interiensdcl plus crlehres Atitet:r.,
ou l'Abbeille FrAncoife, a l'Ufage dc la Jeuncire, publileti at
35.6 d. i2MO. neatly bound, 2S. 3d.
Lcttres d'une Pcruvienne, Italian and Eng Hill, ocw cditioc,
publithed at 3s. 6d. t zmo. boards, as. 6d.
In the above work the words are properly accented k
the ufe of thofc who with to learn the Italian or French 1.0.-
guavc, for facilitating which there letters are admirably adapted.
Richardfon's Ncw Syitttn of Short-hand, by which more
may be written in ale hour than in an hour and a half by any
other Sylteni hitherto publiflied, fcconl edition, with platc,,
fella at 75.6 d. Bvo. fewed,ss.
Damberger's Travels in the Interior of Africa, from the
of Good Hope to Morocco, performed on foot during the Yo.irc
1781 and 1797, with three coloured pl.ates, and a correct trai;
boards.

Mrs. Rowe's Friendfhip in Death : in Twenty Letters frcni
the Dead to the Living; to which are addcd, Letters Mo• al
and Entertaining, in profs and verie, in three Parts, and a I.:Ic
Of the Author; a new edition, puhiiihed at 3s. 6d.
boards. 23.6 d.

Young's Works complete ; containing his Night Thoughts ;
Love of Name; Refiznation, Centaur not Fabulous; his Plays
lalt Day; Force of Religion; Eftimate of Human
publilhed at 91. 3 vols. t 2MO boards, ss. 3d.
Ancient Greek and Roman Star lies, from the celebrated t'-;
ginals In St. Mark's and ~..her public Collealoas at Vco.ce.
100 plates, royal folio, half hound, 7.) 12S. 6d.
' N. B. Every Book fold at the Temple of the Mufes is was-
tanked Sompless.—Tivsfuil value given for Old beaks.

FRdNCE.

PRIVATE LETTER-PARIS, SEPT. 29.

ge Foucne has a very handfome retreat—he
gets 50,000 livres a year for. life as' Senator, and
30,000 livres per ann. as a reward for his pail fer-
vices. There certainly was no mifunderflanding
between him and BONAPARTE, only that the latter
became every day more jealous of his power and
influence. Before FOUCHE retired he gave Lord
liswassattv's paffports a coup de grace; he or-
dered the Prefect of Police here to give paffports
to every Englifhman who brought one from M.
Orr°, without being obliged to have his Lord-
ihip's or Mr. MERRY'S fignature ; thus there is an
end to Lord HawitEstutv's pAliport Concern.
" Poor ROLDEArt notwithaanding his Sena-
torthip, he is in perfeet difgrace. In fat Bow/traits
is like the Sultans of the Eafl—he never keeps his
favourites long. Admiral Bauix goes to Lifbon.
" Bova rioNvit.t.a goes as Ambakdor to Ma-
drid ; and Do zoc, who has been created General
of Divifion, goes as Ambairador to Berlin !
The protound-Parifians grumbled very much
at the latl Fete of the I a Vendemiaire ; the reafon
was not becaufe they endured 14 years of the fe-
vereft rnife:y to fuoport the caufe of ambitious,
fanguinary dtfpots and cut-threats—not becanfe
they are brought to that (late of fubje&ion which
is not to be met with amonga the fubjeets of the
I)ey of Algiers—not becaufe the 'lt of Vende-
miaire is not the day that ought to be confidered
as the anniverfary day of the foundation of the
French Republic, but merely as the deftruetion of
the Monarchy, for Rainbow Goveramente, which
looked well at a diftance' but which concealed
rain and awn, enough to (hake Europe for cen-
turies ; at all this the amiable Parifians did not
grumble--bnt they grumbled, and that ferioufly
too, that the fireworks let off by the Government
did not laft long enough.—Good fouls, they never
thought of the expence it was to the overnment,
30,000 livres for a quarter of an hour's'
fireworks. Oh, no, it might have colt twenty
times as much ; or, if they hat been diverted on
that' day by BONAPARTE, by Louis XVIII. by
ROBERSPIERIFt or &LIRAS, is one and the fame
thing to the Vaudrailk-mongers and Fite-hunters.—
Depend upon it that the fame faces Which attended
the Fetes given by ROBESPIERRE and danced at
his cannibal rejoicings, dance at BONAPARTE'S
Fete, and would dance to-morrow at a Fete given
by Louis XVIII.
" I underfland that the French Government
intend to prefent a Note to the Engin Govern
ment, feconded by Ruffia and Pruffia, on the
liberty of the prefs in England, which, no doubt,
will become a fubjed of -Parliamentary inveffiga-
tion. I fhould not at all be furprifed to fee Mr.
Wisnitax and his party in the minority on the
filbjeZl of the liberty of the prefs. I refer you to
the yournal dcs Defenfeurs de la Patrie of the ad
Vendemiaire • there is an article written by Bea-
at& e, by order of the Government, on the liberty
of the prefs in England. This you may confider
as the Avant Courier.

" The day before yellerday an ail was com-
mitted not to be equalled in Conitantinople or in
Tunis, as no doubt the Governments of thefe pro-
tea their own merchants, and give every ercou.
ragement to Commerce ;—a Bink has been efta-
blifhed here Tome time, called the Eccife du axe.
sutra, which gave great facility to the merchants,
being then the only place in all France which would
difcount bilis. About twelve months ago Bona-
PARTei willed to unite all the Banks, Co as to make
only one Bank, that is to fay, thole ififiousste are
which ore not difiountai in the National Bank.—
The above eilablifhment refilled the invitation for
a long time, when the day before yellerday a file
of Janiflaries entered the houfe in Rue Moore:,
drove the people out, Phut up the houfe, and took
away with them the Ledger and the Cali-book!!!
Not a Journal durll infert it.
" On the fame day,' after three o'clock, a file
of foldiers entered the Exchange, and drove out
all the merchants, laying, that no bufinefs Ihould
be tranfaCted there before two or after three I

ss Vearis, notwithaanding his engagement in
Landon, has been refufed has cowl."

LONDON.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 7.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK:

3 pet Can. Confols 6114 69i—Omnium 8 diL
Oki 5 per Cent. Ann. tot}{.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY:
3 per Cent. ConL 691+1 Imp. tat 5-16
5 per Cent. Ann. to: Orindunt 71 1f 8j diL
India Stock 107 i Englith Tickets ILA to.
Imp. 3 pa Can. 681 H Conf.for Oet. OH{

France, Rana, and Pruta intend, it teems, to
prefent a Note to this Government againtt the
Freedom of the Prefs. They fay that Foreign
Powers ought not to he called In queftion by the
Preis of England. We have no doubt that fuch
a Note will be prefented ; but, do there Poten-
tates think they have a right to divide Poland, to
parcel Germany, to torture Switzerland, to
Prenchify Italy, while an Englifhman fhall not
even have the privilege of writing a paragraph, to
demonftrate their injuftice, and to maintain the
caufe of fuffering Humanity ? •
Let Domararrs forge what chains he pleafes
for France : but, when he forget chains for Eu-
rope, than not every State, nay every individual
in Europe, have the right to ezpofe his machina-
nations and to complain of his opprelions ? and
!ball not every Member of the Society of Civilifed
flint up, as it were, in the Cave of Po-

BST of Tunis has been attended with that rneeefs
which might have been expeited from the fpirited
manner in which the bnfinefs was taken up. The
Tunifians have granted every thing that was re-
quired, exprefs much fatisfaCtion at renewing their'
former relations with Ft ance, and have fent an
Embalry to Paris. The BIT prefented the French
Admiral with Tome Lions, Antelopes, Arabian
Hodes, and other Animals for the FIRST CONSUL.
The Chriftians of all Nations, found in slavery, at
Tunis have been liberated.

Thefe Journals alfo contain accounts from St.
Domingo, which are of a more favourable nature
than thole before received. The malady which
had proved fo fatal to Europeans in that quarter
had abated, and it was hoped would loon ceafe
its ravages entirely.
RefpeEting Switzerland, it is not yet time to ex-
pel} any intelligence of the confequences produced
in that country by the mandate iffued by the
FIRST CONSUL, of which we yefterday laid a copy
before our Readers. We have ladled fuch
information from the papers before us as feems
bell calculated to inform our Readers refpeaing
the Rate of parties, in that once happy country.—
We should, however, obferve that ftatements abfo-
Intel), impartial, can hardly be expeEted through
the medium of the Ftench prefs. One thing, ac-
knowledged even by the enemies of the Swifs,
(peaks highly to their praife—but little blood has
been filed in all their difputes, though they have
been carrying their meafures with arms in their
hands, and all parties have treated each other with
much refpea.
The Monkeysr of the 3d contains a long letter
from Rear-Admiral LEISSEGXES to the Minifler
of the Marine and Colonies, dated Toulon, Ven-
demiaire 4, i year, (Sept. 260 in which he
gives an account of his operations at Tunis. The
fubftance of this letter is as follows :—On the 11th
of Fru&idor, (Augaft 29,) the Admiral, after
giving to the Captains fuch orders as were necef-
fary for preferving good difcipline during the flay
of the fquadron at Tunis, landed, accompanied
by four Captains and about twenty Officers and
Cadets. On going afhore he was faluted with t 3
guns, and being joined by the Commiffary-General
of the Chancery, and the French merchants fettled
at Tunis, proceeded with them to the houfe of
the CommilFariat.

On the 13th of Fretidor, (Aug. 314 the Ad.
mind, accompanied by the CommiffaryCeneral,
the Captains, aad other Officers, and the French
Merchants, proceeded in (late to Barde, the refl.
deuce of the Bay, ditlant about a league from
Tunis. When introduced to the BEY with his
fake, he advanced towards him, and prefented
his hand,. which the BEY flitieezed in an affeetionate
manner.

Having taken a.feat clofe to him, the Admiral
laid, " that the Flan' Comm. had ordered him
to anchor in the road of Tunis, that he might
make known to him (the BET), that he had
learned, that the Chriftian naves employed in the
bagnios were ill treated ; that feveral of them
were dying of want, and in confequence of the
blows they received; that he wiflied the Admiral
to inform him, that bcing at peace with the Nea-
politans, and the other Powers of the Mediter-
ranean, he defired, that if he continued to make
Chrillian haves, a maintainance fhould be fecured
to them; that they fhould be treated as prifo-
ners of war, and that care fhould be taken that
they (hall not be maltreated ; that feveral Sar-
dinians had been made haves by his corfairs about
four years ago, in confequence of a defcent they
aided in the ifland of Saint Pierre ; that there
unfortunate perfons had been arrelled in the honfe
of the agent of the French Republic; that he
expedest that he would immediately fet them at
liberty; that he defired alfo, that the former
commercial relations fhould be renewed between
Africa and the French coatis, and that he hoped
he would proteet the French commerce, and forbid
his corfairs to infult the French flag, and that
of the Italian Republic."
The Bey replied, that he was highly gratified
with the defire which the FIRST CONSUL enter-
tained of living always on good terms with the
regency, that the fame was alfo his molt ardent
defire, and that as the requea of the FIRST CONSUI,
was kill and real cable, he heartily adhered to
it : in a word, that he meant to fend to Paris
an embaffy to treat with him, and to compliment
him on his profperity.

On the 24th of Fruaidor (Sept. 11,) the Admi-
ral and fuite bad another audience of the Bey, and
renewed the requell made at the preceding inter-
view. The Admiral demanded the liberty of 22
individUals, whore mothers were natives of Corfi-
ca, which was readily granted ; but the Bey, at
the fame time, made complaints in regard to the
flares whom the French failors had fuffered to
efcape. The Admiral propofed that a, ranfom
(hould be paid for all thole ilaves who had efcaped
in this manner. At this audience the Bey propofed
fending an embaffy to Paris to congratulate the
Far ft Conful on his nomination to the Confulate for
us- ....a -

pataige on board his fquadrotn The Adtgral ae-
quiefced to this demand, and promifed to do every
thing in his power to give him fatistation.
On the 29th of Frudtidor (Sept. 164 the libe-
rated naves were put on board the different veffels,
and next day the horfes, lions, and other animals
defined for the Firf Conful, were embarked.

On the 19th of Sept. the A mbalcador with his
fuite went on board, and next day the fquadron
failed, with a favourable wind for Toulon, where
it arrived after a paffage of feven days.
This letter is followed by feveral lifts—The firft
of which contains the names of 36 !laves fet at li-
berty by the DEY of ALclEas, and embarked on
board the divifion commanded by Rear Admiral
LsiSSEGN ES. 2d. A lift of 28 naves who took re-
fuze on board the flips of the fquadron at Algiers.
3d. A lift of fix (laves who took refuge on board
the !hips of the fquadron at Tunis. 4th. A lilt of
the perfons who compofe the embaffy from the BEY
of Tunis, embarked on board the fquadron under
the command pf Admiral LEISSEGN ES. sth. A
ha of animals deftined as prefents to the FIRST
CONSUL. Thefe animals are fix Arabian horfes,
two mares, three lions, three oltriches, twelve an-
telopes, three of which died on the paffage, a
young fawn, an Arabian horfe deftiued for the
Minifter of Foreign Relations, the fame for the
•Minifter of the Marine.

PARIS, VERDEMIAILE 101 (OCTOBER 2)—Two
veffels, which left Saint Domingo in the beginning
of Truaidor, (about Aug. to.) have kill Arrived.
The mortality had then almoil ceafed ; all the
blacks were difarmed; the military magazines
were filled with flour. Wine, and all European
merchandize were fold at a good price. The
convoys, which fet out from Tarento and Leghorn,
had not then arrived.

According to the opinion of all the officers of
health of the colony, the difeafe was expedled to
difappear entirely in the courfe of Fruaidor.
The following nominations have taken place in
confequence of decrees iffued by the FIRST CON-
SUL; General BOURNONVILLE to be Ambairador to
Spain; C. DIDELOTI Prete& of the Palace, to be
Minifter Plenipotentiary to the Court of Stuttgart;
C. CAVAIGNAC, to be Refident and Commiffioner
of foreign relations at Mafeate;C.PARANDIEa, to
be firft Secretary of Legation at Contluntinople;
C. LAMARILB, fecond Secretary of Legation to
ditto, &c.

OCTOBER 3.—The Aril Helvetic demi•brigade,
which was in the fervice of France, paired Gre-
noble on the 28th ult. on its way to Swifferland.
M. de C&LONNE has returned to this city, and
the Turkith Ambaffador has left it.

An article from Frankfort, of the 24th Sep-
tember, lays, We le;rn from Feldkirch; that
Auftrian troops have arrived there : on the other
hand, we hear from Chiavenna, that on the 6th
and 7th of September there defiled above the Lake
of Como feveral thoufand French troops coming
from the Italian Republic, and proceeding towards
the Grifons."

RATISEOPIt SEPT. 32.—The' Deputation of the
Empire has already come to a determination in re-
gard to a great many of the claims hitherto pre-
fented tothem. Thole ofthe Countsof WEST? H ALI A,
and the Counts of Q2anr and MET r E 2,11 CM, have
been communicated tothe Minifters of France and
Rufila, and it has been ordered that local refearches
fhall be made to appreciate their loffes and indem-
nities. The claim of the Duke of Aremberg has
been referred to the mediating Minifters, with a
requeft that they would decide whether the indem-
nities affigned to that Prince are proportioned to
his Idles, and to caufe the fequeftration laid on the
property he poffeffes on the left bank of the Rhine
to be removed. Thole of the Landgrave of Heffe
Hombourg have been reje&ed,becaufe he demands
indemnification for the injury he fuftained during
the flay of the belligerent troops in his Bates,
while the treaty of Luneville fpeaks only of
indemnities to be granted for real loffes in land
and population ; befides,‘ if filch claims were
admitted, the number would be confiderable.
That of Baron de Haman-Aar has alto been re-
je&ed : becaufe, according to the Treaty of Lu-
neville, no indemnities ought to be granted, but
to thofe who have an individual or collective vote
in the Net. Baron de Hs LMSTADT has been re
commended to the French Minifter, that the re-
quifition placed on his property, in the ci-divant
Lorraine, may be removed. When the anfwer of
M. de Ikon., in which he returned the conchs/um
demanded from him, was delivered to the Depu-
tOon, the Minifter of Brandenbour again re-
monftrated againft the word Comprigion applied by
M. de Hu cx I. to his declaration ; he protefted, for
the future, againft any denOmination of the kind.
He oppofed alfo M. de Hoot ufing the word
ratify, as the Deputation has a right to expect from
him a reunion or acceffion, but not a ratification.
AFFAIRS OF SWITZERLAND.
j LAUSANNE, SEPT. 25.—The Senate, and the
Council of Execution, have addreffed the Helvetic
people in a Proclamation, of which the following
are the moil remarkable paffagcs
Citizens of Hthetia I Berne, furrounded by bands of In-

agitated within by ineeffunt eontpirai!its ; Berne, leaf
the enemies of the State, no longer offal fccurny tr
berations of the Magittrates. We were either to wa
Government should diffolvc itfelf,and the Republic pi
it, or we•'were to make choice of another town .
country to preferre there the [affect depot of the legitimate
constitutional a uthofaty.

" The Senate and the Council of Execution, thout
owed it to the nation, which, in tranquil times, placed
pcfit in their hands, to the great mars of citizens, whc
mere fentiment of their own convidtion, accepted tht
Lion recommended by.foreign benevolence, to adopt t
part, Laufanne, and the canton dc Vaud, are become
porary feat of the Helvetic Republic.
" Citizens of HelvAia ! Into what blindnefs have
War had ceafed to defolate your frontiers; opinion
rally around a Conftitution, which was able to fat
real wants, all demands founded upon juftice. The
ment,full of confidence in the love of theSwifs for their;
dente, had confented to the retreat of the foreign cc(
it was at this epoch, from which a new am of per,
city thould have commenced; it was then when, in
be independent and free, the country required only repot
were you feen to take up arms, to difplay the colt-,
fadtions inimical to peace, and to precipitate yourfel
into the abyfs, dug beneath your feet !"
We are affured that a French camp of twelve thi
Is forming at Verfoiz, and that tiaefe troops will I
zerland on an early day. The auxiliary Helvetia demi
will alfo arrive fpeedily. All the troops that arrivt
marching immediately to the frontier of the Cantons,
!tallithim are expected to recommence. The Bern(
ties, who arrived here yefterday, had no audience of
Miniiter.

A column of infurgents of the final Cantons arric
a few days fence. Some Helvetic companies, which
tachments at Lucerne, prefented themfelves before
in virtue of the capitulation demanded a paffagc
town,• but they were furrounded and difarmed. The
have fent a deputation to Paris, compofed of M. M.
and Stealer, the left of whom was lately in the em)
Helvetic Government, but quitted them, on their
Berne, as did molt of his compatriots.
SCHAFFIIaUACST, Seer. 23.—Oar refolution is
join ourfelves to the five democratic Cantons, and
ties to Schwytz. Zurich has done the fame. A
I as been named of twelt e Members, fit from the
ft c from the county, to cftablith a Provifional Govt
Erlach is accompanied by May,a rich land-owner
land, and one of the Chiefs of the Infurgents. On
irg Arau, be publiffied a Proclamation, inviting
to rally round his colours, and declaring that he wi
with volunteers. With thefe, he fays, the good
again t iumph with eclat and glory equal to the thatra
miliation which it has lately fuftained.
Beaus, Serr. sz.—ln giving an account of the
this city, the numbers of the befiegers have been mi
rated. The fad is, this grar.d affair was effected in
with only two hundred and forty men. After the
which followed the fecond bombardmer.t of Zurici
Andermatt, with the 1200 men which remained
marched to Ergen, from which place an equal nui
furgents had marched for the relief of Zurich; but
taken a different route, tl.ey did not fall in with General
matt. That Gene al, however, was flopped in his(
Arau, by a body of sco men, under the command
who compelled him to fijii a Convention, by which
to retreat to Berne, and not to interrupt the proceedii
Bernefe Army. Twelve hundred men of that army
to Soleure, and took poffeffion of it on Friday 4th
—On the next day moo men proceeded from Salem
The advanced guard of this corps confifted of 240
was commanded by M. Effinguer Mullinen. In Es
met M. Laharpc, who was reconnoitring with 330
latter immediately prepared to defend himfelf, but
time offered au armiftice of two hours. To this M.
fented, on condition that Laharpe fhould retire
without leaving a guard upon the heights. M. Effulguei
pared Warblen, colleded his force at Breitfield, •
amounted to Soo men ; headvanced to attack the
Berne, in hopes of entering the city with the fu)
there were no out-pofts. Being arrived upon the
formed the refolution of going himfelf to the city, am
ing the Landamman to furrendcr, allowing only
to deliberate upon the propofition, which was rejet
At 3 o'clock the attack commenced. M. Eflinguer
men who were the belt armed, and ordered them
under the command of Meffrs. Wagner, Kirchbegaer,
and Delverth. M. de Lutterman placed three piece
on a height which commands the town. M. Wagn,
cd the riflemen by the way which leads down to the
and Meffrs. Kirchbergaer and Delverth, with foi
volunteers, bad the boldncfs to drag a fmall piccc
oppofite to the gate of the bridge, though expo'ed
dreadful fire. They exhaufted all their ammunitii
being able to fucceed in deftroying the beams of the dra'
which they battered in vain with their fmall halls.
received a wound, of which he died in the courfc
They brought back the piece of cannon : at that nu
of truce came from the city, with propofah to capital
were then 11103 men in the city, and General And(
only fix leagues off. The capitulation was agned
the city taken poffeffion of.

SEPT. 25.—Switzerland, at this mornl
fents a very peculiar afpea. It is, as it
vided into three dillinguifhed ilates, w:
each their feparate intereas Thefe Elate,
five ancient petty cantons; thole which
the canton of Berne ; and thofe of Fribt
the Pays de Vaud, to which the Govern
retired. The five petty cantons, at the
which is ALoYs REDING, were defirous
of holding a General Diet at Schwitz, in
confolidate their ancient conftitution.
invited all the cantons to form a Diet.;
probable that the five petty cantons only
thither reprefentatives. The Deputies
Zurich, Soleure, and Schaffhaufen,
Berne, withed alto to hold a Diet after
manner. Thefe five cantons have alwa,
lized themfelves above the reit by thei
their induftry, their riches, their col
and, in a word, by their civilizatioi
five petty cantons, much poorer, hay
Lf!...l!brwd by the ancient energy—ill(

Nations (that up, as it were, in the Cave of Po- '
LY tH lugs) have a right to fympathife with thole
that are picked out the AA to be devoured ? _
We have received Paris Journals to the sth ioR.
• — 4..• ihia. Wiwi. map to tk• 11

leagued
r to the del.
3 wait till the
is perifk with
in anothl
legitimate and
thought th:v
?laced this dc-
who, by tl,t,
1 the conititu.
°Pt this latter
tome the tem.
we you fallen!
ion feetned to
fatisfy all the
'l'he Govern.
• theirindeper,
I trOops; aD4
puce and fzli,
in order to
ly report; the:,
colours of the
trfelves blindly
thoufand mert
:ill cater Swit.
detni-brigad3
arrive here ;;;,e
ntons, in which
Bernefe D.
:e of the Treaty
rrived at Berne
inh were in de-
ore Berne, and,
tc through the
The Bonds
M. de Muliner
employ or the
ir retreat=
is talon.
and fend Dept:-
A Committee
the town, and
saveructocat.
rner of Schott.-
On his ant-
1g ail the Stir
e will ad oily
ood cauft •
thamc and ho•
the taking of
a much exage-
tl in two hour,
:he Convention
:urich, General
irred with hint,
number of it.
but as they hay
General Ander.
his march neat
and of M. My,
which he ogr.ed
oceedirrss tithe
: army mardA
:sth Septenther.
oleure to Berne..
240 men, =1
n hls march 4
300 ram. '1 he
but at the fame
is M. May con.
ire into Bane,
iffinguer hack!
Id, which thin
the outpofts of
fugitives; bee
the heights, be
and fum:nots.
tly halt an ha
ejected.
oguer thole 240
sem to advarce
began, Dclotr,
pieces of cannon
'quer condo&
) the Efplansi.e,
four peafa:s,
lee:: of car.ton
a'ed to a moil
mition witbol3
e draw-hridge,
s. M. Delvers!)
rfc of the c.',;!it,
moment a I'S
pitulatc. There
tnderniatt Nri
-Led upon, act
0111C11t, pre.
it were, di-
which have
the
h are
h adhere t)
ibourg and
has
;he F--'ad c:
is y:.!1;..2;ti
or2cr t
I. Itini;
r.; but it is
I.y wli, .1
fend
es of Bale,
, united at
their own
ways figrso
power,heir
commerce,
tion. Tile
have beci
ley va.y al..
