THE MURDER NEAR MANCHESTER.

/ROM THE MANCHESTER HERALD, JUNE 1.

The career of the murderers appears as if it would
be short, for on Tuesday morning Mr. Lavender,
Deputy Constable of Manchester, received a letter front
Sir Philip Musgrove, Bart, M.P. of which the following
is a copy : Appleby, May 29, 1226.
" Mr. LAVENDII4.-I write to inform you that M. and W. Atkin-
son, Esqs. and myself, have this day committed to Appleby Gaol,
for further examination, two men, brought before us on suspicion
of being the persons described under the names of Michael and
Alexander M'Keand, as being guilty of the murder of Elizabeth
Bate, at Winton, near Eccles. The persons bf the two men corres-
pond generally te the description given in the advertisement. There
bare been found on the person of them a letter directed to'
Keand, draper ad tea dealer, Foundry-lane, Oak-street, Manche.-
ter; a bill addressed to 4 Mr. Alexander Kaind,' a loaded pistol,
five bullets, and a little gunpowder. On the other prisoner, a pen-
knife, to appearance slightly marked with blood en the handle,two
razors, Ste. YOu will therefore lose no time in sending the evi-
dence necessary to identify the prisoners to Appleby, in order to
their being sent into Lancashire, and be so good as to inform me of
the receipt of this by a line directed to Sir P. hilstsgrove, Appleby.—
I am, Sir, " Your obedient Servant,
" P. MUSGROVE."

" Mr. Lavender, Police Office, Manchester,".
In consequence of receivieg the above, Mr. Lavender
set out on his way to Appleby on Tuesday afternoon,
and in the course of this morning he is expected to
arrive with his prisoners here, in order to their exami-
nation and commitment for trial at the ensuing Summer
Assize=,—for there is little doubt but that the men de-
scribed by Sir Philip Musgrove are the wretches who
perpetrated the black and bloody deed at Winton.

By the Leeward Island mail, which sailed from Ste
'Thomas's the 29;11 of April, papers have arrived front
all the adjacent islands : Barbadoes to the 23d, Antigua
and St. Vincent's to the 22d of April. The toil parti4
culars of the opening of Parliament, and the proceedings
respecting negro slavery, had been received. These
had, in conjunction with the commercial disties
England, and the failure of B. A. Goldschmit and Cu.
and several banking establishments about the same
period,spread the greatest alarm among t''e pl .nter; and
merchants All trade was suspended, and all produce
about to be shipped was consigned to the order of tile
exporter, the merchants having little faith left in the
stability of the commercial establishments of England.
The Caraccas Colombia ;so has been received w ti.e
13th of April; the dates from Bogota, however, are oi,1!
to the middle of March. The Mexican and Colomb an
squadrons were supposed to have arrived at Matattzt'
'in the month of March, and it was thought probah e
that little resistance would be offered to . their unite,i
force. At Buenos Ayres all was rejoicing, in coi,,e-
quence of news having been received that Monte Video
bad fallen into the hands of the Patriots of Banda
Oriental. Don Pedro was understood to have adopted
a sort of conscription to strengthen his army. Ti,e
rumour of a French and Spanish fleet been seen near
Martinique, is repeated, and it is said that a private
letter from St. Thomas's states, that the Governor of
that island had received a letter .from the Governor of
Martinique, announcing that Admiral Duperre was 00
his way to Puerto Rico "which place, instead of Cuba."
as was fcrmerly stated, this report adds, " was to be
garrisoned by French tro.,ps."
The Edinburgh and Quarterly Reviews have at length
done justice to the extraordinary Diary of Saxon Ploys, in two
articles of great talent, supposed to come respectively from the pelt'
of Mr. Jeffrey and Sir Walter Scott. The Edinburgh Review Oar
characterizes Pepys :—" He seems to have been possessed of the
most extraordinary activity, and the most indiscriminating, i
able, and miscellaneous curiosity that ever prompted the researzher,
or supplied the pen, of a daily chronicler. He finds time to go to
every play, execution, procession, fire, concert, riot, trial, review,
city feast, public dissection, or picture gallery, that he can h,riat.
Nay, there seems scarcely to have been a school-examinat,on, A
wedding, christening, charity sermon, bull-baiting, philoso,,lirA
meeting or private merry-making in his neighbourhood, at
be was not sure to make his appearance, and mindful to reco J tne
particulars. He is the first to hear all the court scandal and 'II the
public news—to observe the changes of &labia's, and the do viiia:l
of parties—to pick up family gossip, and to retail philo.oph
telligtime—to criticise every new house or carriage that is wilt—
every new book or new beauty that appears—every mess I. :•4
Jiang adopts, and every mistress he discards."

• r

•
• SCOTTISH. HOSMAL.•
At the Special General Court of this Co4oration,
held on Wednesday last, in the Hall, Crane:tiout,beet-
street, the first ballot took place for the admission of
twenty-five aged and infirm persons, natives or Scot-
land. The Court was most numerously attended, and
great interest was excited, there being sixty-three candi-'
dates. The poll closed at three O'clock ; and at sir, the'
Scrutineers having cast up the votes, the following per::
sons were declared duly elected, viz.
Nu. 42. Isabella ItobirtsOn
40. Francis Robertson
20. Atm M'Anhur • .
3. Catharine Burn :.:• I
32. Elizabeth PyPer
24. Colin hl'lver
5. Margaret Clacken .
50. Robert Watt
55. Elizabeth Chadwick
45. Mary Stafford
58. James Murray
16. Margaret Isbister
27. William M'Pherson
13. John Hardy
12. Mary Gordon
1. Catharine Barber
4. Maria Butcher
31. Barbara Milestone
7. Thomas Cullior
23. Duncan M' Donald
8. Mary Cranstoun
61. David Sims
52. John Wilson
.53. Jane Wilson
44. Lydia Sharp

403 votes.
. 535

• . 310
279
. .
. .
• • •• 245
• •• 23S .
231 • .

. . 212
. 183

. . 167
. . . • 166
.
' • • 16Z
. . 154

152

. . 147

. . 143
. . 133
. 130

. 129

127
. . . 125

. . . 125
. . . 124

122

116

Governors and Patronesses of the Charity are entitled
t' one vote for every Ten Guineas subscribed as a Life
Govunor or Patroness, and for every Guinea,paid
annually, as an Annual Governor. Life Governors
and Patronesses, being besides Annual Governors, have
thus an additional patronage upon their annual sub-
scriptions.
