VIENNA, DEC. 11.

Among the articles of intelligence this d:►y receiv-
ed from Pera, under date of the 9th, is the follow-

ing :
,4 Intelligence has been received from the Grand
Vizier, of his having attacked, with an equal force,
the Russian army thar. had 'advanced against Silis-
• trig. The engagement was continued with the grea-
test ardour until night, and it was not until the fol-
lowing day that it was declared in favour of the
Turks, by the efforts of a corps of Albanians that
had just arrived on the field. The Russians retreated
towards the Danube, leaving behind them a great
number of killed and wounded.
46 This event excited universal joy ; it was instant-
ly communicated to the Foreign Ministers, and Con-
' stantinople was illuminated for three successive even-
ings,
44 It is confidently reported, that a second courier'
arrrived here yesterday, with intelligence that the
Russian army had been compelled to retreat cross the
Danube ; and tliat upon this occasion a corps of Rus-
sian cavalry had fallen into the hands of the Turks."

COPENHAGEN, DECEMBER IS.

The following notice has this day been circulated
here :

.6 The 'Bench Consulate is charged to inform the Danish Mer-
thauts, that all Swedish and Danish products, coming under the
firgiptiun of naval stores, viz.—Iron, topper, planks, pitch, &c.
rimy be imported into Hamburgh, provided they are accompanied
v• ith a certi&ate from the office of the Consul. The undersigned
t-1 es this occasion to remind them, that with the •exception of,
.1 ka• s and molasses, all the products and fabrics of the Danish
. les car tinue to be admitted into Hamburgh.
optphagen, Pee. 16, 1809. (Signed) Dzsouoizas, Sea.

SPANISH AND

The Marquis de la .
long represen ado% to
dated Seville the l4th'i
of Government, which

immediately to adopt.
says—
" As h is indubitable the Government is monarchial,
it cannot be represented by any other without a total
change of the constitution; and that a Junta compos-
ed of more than thirty members, with the character
of Sovereigns, in their respective provinces, instead of
representing our beloved Sovereign Ferdinand VU.
can only represent a sovereign people ; which demo-
cratic representation is not only the most anti-consti-
tutional, but the most opposite to the heroic loyalty
of the Spanish people, who have never pretended to
command as Sovereign, notwithstanding the absence
and oppressive detention of their Sovereign. The
people established particular Juntas in their respective
provinces, to maintain order and direct their exertimis
—these were afterwards resolved into the Central
Junta, which, when it was enstalled, was objected to
in various publications as illegitimate in its formation ;
but those worthy Spaniards who only wished the hap-
piness of their country, and to drive their perfidious
enemies from its territory, refuted these writings,
knowing the critical circumstances in which the nation
was placed, required the concentration of power in one
manner or other, to gain the principal and glorious
object. These disputes agitated the minds of many,
but they were calmed by the manifesto of the 26th
October, 1808, published by the Supreme Junta an
the 10th November,

44 The nation conceived the most flattering hopes of
a Government which proposed to maintain, under
arms, 500,000 infantry and 50,000 cavalry, to give
an exact account of the funds and revenue which it
had at its disposal ; to make those salutary reforms
which every branch of goiernment imperiously re-
quired, and to dedicate its labours to form such a con-
stitution as should produce the happiness of the mo-
narchy, conformably to the express will of our good,
but unfortunate King Don Ferdinand Vll.—But now'
(continues the Marquis) a great part of the nation
complains of the inferior force of our armies, attri-
buting it to the want of energy in the dispositions of
the present Government, which has negleCted to
provide the means of subsistence, and other necessary
supplies for the truly deserving defenders of their coun-
try ; and alledging, at the same time, that instead of
having effected salutary reforms they have loaded
the treasury with debts ; that they have not properly
applied the sums they received from America, the ar-
rival of which has been facilitated by our generous
lallies, nor the rents of the crown, nor the donations re-
ceived from heroic Spanish patriotism ;—that some
of this respectable body, instead of attending solely
to the public good, act for their own interest, and
others for the gratification of their passions, and con-
-4 fer honourable and profitable public employments,
not on men of real ability and merit, but on their re-
latives and connections ; and partially lavish their aids
and favours on the provinces they represent, as if they
were members of another body than the Spanish
Monarchy ; that they have confirmed the appoint-
ments of military rank and command, which many
had obtained from the Provincial Junta, without
examining either their abilities or love for their coun-
try, to the disgust of the whole army ; that this Su-
preme Junta divided into sections, has decided on
subjects which are foreign to the profession and know-
ledge of the numbers who compose it ; and, in fine,
that it has left important branches of tile administra-
tion of justice and government in the hands of many
persons, suspected for the conduct they have held since
the beginning of our misfortunes.
‘, That the present Government needs a reform is
acknowledged ; the difficulty consists only in deter-
mining the change which should be made. We all
know the necessity of unity in power, and the evils
rthich the division of it produces in States. Recent
events render it necessary to relate the civil wars
which nations have suffered, and the ruin or tyranny-
to which they have been led by a Government like
the present one of Spain, composed of many Kings.
We fortunately are free from the convulsions and mi-
-1 series which France suffered by her Democratic Go-
j vernment : we have experienced only the heroic vir-
tue of submission in the faithful and religious Spanish
nation ; and now that at length we can no longer
doubt that the present Government is neither legiti-
mate nor convenient, and that its permanency must
lead us to the most dreadful slavery, or the absolute
ruin of the country, let us preserve ourselves by an
example of generosity, which the world may admire,
and which may render us worthy of the gratitude of

Spain.
4, The country requires a government full of energy,
prompt in. its profound deliberations, active in its exe-
cution, sovereign in its ideas, majestic in its proceed-
ings, just in its provisions, exemplary in its conduct,
severe in its chastisement, and frugal without inde-
cency and with decorum ; under a Government of
this kind the nation will possess invincible armies—
the armies, Generals ; the troops, Officers ; and the
soldiers, subordination and discipline. The people
will enjoy the invaluable advantage of seeing the le-
gitimate authority of the Tribunals and Magistrates
restored, arbitrary authority abolished ; justice se-
cured by the indissoluble bonds of the law, and inno-
cence protected. The Royal revenue, so precious for
the political life of the nation, which has been the pa-
trimony of fraud and the reward of the vicious, shall
not only be rescued from malversation, but be admi-
nistered with that exactness and economy which is
necessary forthe good 40' the State."
The Marquis then proposes, that till the meeting of
the Cortes,which cannot be convened with that promp-
titude which the safety of the country requires, the
Government shall be vested itist Regent of the King-
dom, or if judged more proper, it Council of Regency,
consisting of three or five persons. He recommends
that the Central Junta, as the Cones cannot immedi-
ately meet, should nominate the Regent, or Council
cf Regency, without losing a moment, since the
Junta, either legitimately or illegitimately, supplies
the place of the representation of the Cones. The
want of special powers for that object ought not to
be considered as an obstacle, in like manner as it has
not been in their other deliberations.
This Regent, or Council of Regency, the Marquis
proposes, shall swear to defond the nation, rescue it
from its enemies, and deliver their authority into the
hands of our beloved Sovereign Ferdinand V“.—
'4'hese sacred duties they shall swear to fhlfil at the

last.dro? or
the various •dominiou-
Ameriel. Ilse Regent, or,tbe%,.._
be the supreme execAor and inter-
Declarations of war, treaties of
and commerce, shall be preceded by
Approbation of the Cones, if they, are met at the
time, or if not by the &putation of the kingdom,
Which shall be appointed for that purpose, and con-
sist of Ministers qualified by their wisdom and expe.
rience.
The Marquis thus concludes his representation :
" As a Spaniard I am resolved to die a thousand
times in defence of our liberty. In my station T ren-
der homage to the descendant of the Pelagos, Jaymes,
and the Garcias ; as a General I will unite myself to
the lowest 'soldier who has resolution to defend his
country in this last period of its independence, but as
a Representative of the Nation I must be excused
from occupying that distinguished place, if a legiti-
mate Government be not immediately established
which foreign powers may acknowledge, which may
represent our beloved Sovereigns, and save a people
determined not to abandon its Gov, its King, and the
rights and fortune of its posterity."

rpai*,

SEVILLE, DECEMBER S.
We have the satisfaction to announce to the public
the arrival of three ships ftom America, which are
in sight from Cadiz, and bring ten millions of dollars
for the King and for private individuals.
The city of Salamanca, uniform in its patriotic
principles, has expedited to the army of Castile
24,000 shirts, 20,000 pairs of shoes, and 16,000
cloaks : this respectable army, composed of 40,000
infantry and 3000 cavalry, and full of enthusiasm,
though it has recently fallen back towards Leon and
Astorga, carries on against the enemy a warfare of
movements which promises to the country great hopes,
while it insures the safety and integrity of the inter-
esting province of Gallicia.
DEC. 13.—8 y an authentic channel we are in-
formed that a division of IZOOO Gallicians have
joined the army of the Duke del Parque.
DEC. 14.—We learn that a considerable corps of
reserve has been raised in Gallicia by the brave Ge-
neral Narona, with a zeal commensurate, to his dis-
tinguished and ardent patriotism. It appears that
part of the army of the centre has advanced, and
occupies some interesting positions ; the enemy con-
tinues at Toledo and Madr►d, where he has con-
centrated the majority of his forces. The following
were the positions of the army of the centre on the
30th November :—Head-quarters at Carolina, caval- '
ry at Manzanares, Vallepenas, Infantes, and Santa
Cruz de Mudela ; infantry at Castellar de la Mala,
Santa Cruz de Mudela, el Visatilla Manrique and
Puerto Sian.
Of our army of La Mancha between 18 and 20,000
infantry, and .5000 cavalry are already reunited.

PORTUGtI.I.4 T4PAtetralpif the lam
14 *ty of th
ROlll6llll has addre , • Eur Ope, and Atm
o the Supreme. Central Juati.,•rßgency, shall I
of October, relative to the form preter of the laws.
:h it is necessary for the 'nation peace, alliance, ani
• He says— the approbation of
