THE EVENING STAR

LONDON.

SATURDAY, JULY 14.

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
2 per Ci. Cons. money, 631 ex. div.—for acc. 701 71
per Ct. Reduced 6St 70-4 per Cent. 85.1 t.
Navy 5 per Cent. 944-omnium, f pr.
Exalt. Bills, 4s. to 7s. pre.—Bonds 20s 21s. pre.
PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock Omnium f prem.
s per C. Red!6:44703 70 ex. d. India Stock 182 f
3 per Cent. Cons. 491 f if India Bonds 22a. Ws. prem.
4 per Cent. 8 Exch. Bills 2s. 7s. pr.
5 per Cent. Navy 32ff Lottery Tickets £22. 15s.
Long Ann. 184 I Cons, for acc. 703 713

A Gottenburgh Mail arrived this morning. Good
order seems to have been restored in Sweden, as will
be seen froth the following extracts :
STOCKHOLM, JUNK 21.

•
The interment of his Royal Highness the late ing to the relations between Great Britain and the
United States, are of a much more hostile character
Crown Prince, which was to have taken place this
than any we have seen since the suspension of the em-
morning, has been postponed till further notice, by
bargo and Non-intercourse Laws. Nrawithstanding
his Majesty's most gracious command. what has been stated of the non-arrival of the John
JUNE 27.—0 n the 21st of this month, all the OM- Adams frigate, we are satisfied,from the advice: we
cers of our City Militia went in procession to the have obtained, that she had reached Chesapeak bay.
Exchange, where they received our new Governor, j CANADIAN NEWS.
( Major-General SKYOLBRAND) who addressed them
! By the Montreal Gazette of the 21st ult. we per-
ceive that all apprehension* of political agitation in
in an appropriate speech, on the late disturbances that quarter have not yet subsided. On the 18th, an
which took place in this capital, and assured them of order was published to put a stop to nightly assem-
his Majesty's firm determination to preserve peace ' blies of people in disguise, and others, under the name
and tranquillity by every means in his power. of Cliarivari.
Our worthy Burgomaster, Mr. OLDENBURGH, as- •
sured the Governor, in answer to his speech, oPthe
unalterable attachment of the City Militia to his Ma-

jesty's person, and their implicit confidence in the

wisdom of his Government ; and the solemn scene

clnned with long continued shouts and acclamations
of Long Live the King !

Letters and Journals have been received from Hol-
land, to the date of Sunday last. They bring the
unexpected information that King Lows has with-
drawn from the country without leaving any notice
of the place of his retreat. He was supposed to have
gone to Tonningen, where a vessel was in readiness
to convey him to America. Such a step would at gue
either an extreme dread of his tyrant-brother's dis-
pleasure, or the most confirmed disgust towards his
politics and projects. They also state, that the abdi-
cation was wholly without the concurrence or pri-
vity of BONAPARTE; a fact certainly not warranted by
the immediate introduction of French troops into the
capital, who, it is to be presumed, would not have pro-
ceeded thither without special orders for that purpostc
Fifteen thousand French troops entered the City
Of Amsterdam on the Ito instant, which were neither
accommodated in the barracks, or in the neighbour-
ing villages, but were quartered on the inhabitants,
with a total disregard to all the feelings of the Burghers.
—Notwithstanding the flattering account in the Dutch
Papers of the manner in which these troops were re-
ceived on their arrival, the letters state that this peoof
of the humiliation and slavery of Holland was beheld
with great and general indignation. So prevailing
bad this sentiment been for some time in the minds
of the people, that nothing but the utterly hopeless
and abject state of the Continent could have detcrred
them from making some efforts to recover their for-
mer independence. These letters state, that, in con-.
sequence of the severities of military law, it was not
considered discreet to hold any correspondence what-
ever with this country. A letter from Hanover, of
the 2Gth ult. mentions, that a considerable number of
French troops were to pass through that city from
Magdeburg, to augment the garrisons in Holland.

The Atalanta has arrived from Corunna with a
large quantity of Spanish plate to be disposed of and
converted into money, to produce funds for the sup.
poll of th,.. Gallician army.
Letters from Corunna to t::e sth instant, state, that
the people of Galiicia entertain no fears whatever for
but t!' ,1 ' bitti of the want
