SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET SECOND OCTOBER MEETING, 1819.
tumor, caroms 19.
Forced Handicap Stakes of 10gs. each, for 3-yr-olds and up-
wards.—T.Y.C.
Mr. Forth's Admiral, late Regent, 5-yrs-old, 7st. 71b.
Lord G. IL Cavendish's Zero, s-yrtoold, Su. nib.
Mr. Hunter's Canvas, 5-yrs-old, int.
Duke of Rutland's Quadrille, 4-yrs.old, Sat. 91b.
Major Wilson's Hairbell, 3-yrs-old, let. 191 b.
Lord Stawell's Maggot, 5-yrs-old, 7st. 71b.
Duke of Grafton's Zest, 3-yts-old, 7st. 71b.
Mr. Lake's Soota, 5-yrs-old, 711.
Mr. Batton' Etonian, 3-Yr*-old, Tat-
T*ee paid—The Judge placed but two.
10 to 1 agst Admiral-6 to I apt Quadrille.
Fifty Pounds for 1-yr-old colts carrying list. 41b. and
est. IIb.—T.Y.C.
Mr. Lake's chesnut filly Punt -
Kr: Rusk's bay link, by Haphazard
Lord &awn bay filly, by Cato -
General Groavenor's bay Ally Minsiow
Mr. Udney's bay filly, by Truffle
Mr. Smith's Chesnut colt, by Truffle
Mr. Wilson's black colt, by Smolensk°
Mr. Neale's Chesnut col; by Scud
Mr. Nash's Chesnut colt, by the Colne Arabian
Mr. Creckford's bay bUy, by Orville
Duke of Rutland's bay colt, by Haphazard
Lord Foley's bay colt, by Haphazard
Mr. Wyndbiun's black filly, by Whalebone
Lord 11uSsid's brown filly, by Vandyke Junior
Mr C. Banbury's blaci colt, by Sorcerer.
'llse Judge placed but three-4 to I apt Lord Stawelra filly.
Mr. Bouvcrk's Zadig, set. 10Th. beat Mr. Thornhill's Sall,
fist. 71b. ElOgs. h. ft. D.M.-5 to 4 apt Zadig.
Mr. Bouverie's Andrew, 7st. 111 b. beat Mr. Thornless IKan-
freda, est. I alb. 206 e; la, R. &Mr-6 t• 11 apt Andrew.
Handicap Stakes of ISgs. each, fOr 5-yr.olds and upwards. A.F.
Mr. Rush's Romp, 4-yreold, Sat. 151 b. - - 1
Mr. Cbarhon's David, 9.yrs-old, Sat. 121 b. - - S
Kr. Forth's Hospitality, 4. , OK. Illb. t- 5
lle. Arnold's Cotes, 3- 7st. - - - - 4
Mr. rones's December filly, s=yrs-old, fist. - - pd
6 to 5 apt Romp.
BOXING. - - -

. s

- .

. ,

Jos. Hudson, who last fought kroggins, has chalkused Barks,
of Woolwich, who fought Randall, for NO or 50gs. and Rey-
nolds will egha 4,. Davis for any sum.

SHOOTING MATCH FOR 100 GUINEAS.
A great sporting match took place on Monday last, between
Captain Tuoanstu.x, one-of the best shots in Hampshire, and
Stamm. the Keeper to T. Tuont, Esq. of Melbourne Manor,
Oxon. who should bag the greatest number of pheasants, hares,
and per Fridges, by four o'clak in the afternoon. They began
two Wilt from Watford, the Captain taking his course towards
Wycomb. and &nose' a course between Barnet and St. Alban's.
It was a challenge of the Captain against all England, taken up
by Mr. Tuoan, producing a man. The Keeper bagged nine
bares, seven pheasants, and eleven partridges, and Capt. Thome-
nux killed is partridges, five pheasants, and six hares, making
a tie. The parties had each a pony and a brace of dogs, and
they shoot again on Thursday, In Bucks, for double the sum.

THE BLOOMING HEATIL

Sews Poets praise the Violet's hue,
And some the Lilly'cirweettwes;
Some Scotland's Bells a bonny bine,
And same the Roses brightness;
But, oh ! give me the Heath in blootn,
That on the wild moor growing.
I'hat swetly scatters its perfume
When Winter's winds rre bowing!

SIGNS or THE Tiststs.—Among the prophecies
long familiar among the Scottish people, and popu-
larly attributed to Thomas the Rhymer, was one—
That when a thistle should be seen to grow from
the top of the Fountain-well, in Edinburgh (a stone
building after the old fashion), salt would become
dearer than meal r In the course of time a thistle
was seen so grow from the top of this building, and ,
ere the season of its appearance had elapsed, Mr.
Prerr introduced his famous tax on salt, by which the
prophecy was even more than realized.—Swurr has
a prophecy somewhat of the same description, re-'
specting the Annus Mirabilis, and which to all ap-
pearance is as near about its fulfilment—" When the
Dragon on the top of Bow Church shall visit the
Grasshopper on the Royal Exchange, it will shew
that tremendous transmutations are tc be expected."
These two ancient emblems are now actually lying in
social contact in a builders yard behind Broad-street.

I Messrs. &vim/nous. NCI; to have a•happy knack
in adapting their Schemes to the taste of the times, for
in the last Contract the Public bought nearly double
the number of Ticketi they did in the preceding. The
present advances in the same ratio, but that is not very
surprising, since there are only 5,000 Tickets on Sale,
which are ALL to be Drawn-on Lord Mayor's Day (9th
November) : these are Sure to have 7sro Mies of
£20,000 (Money and Consols), and, by a New Plan of
'do Contractors, it is possible they may gain nearly All
the Capitals allotted for Two distinct Lotteries, al-
though the Scheme contains &gar Prizes 4040,000,
in Mitiey or Cowls.

' 1...

NAVAL INTELL TGE4VCX.

The Company's ship Golconda, Capt. EIMAADS,
the Downs yesterday, left Bengal the 15th of February,
dras the 20th of April, Cape of Good Hope the 20th
of.
and St. Helena the 18th of August, with the skeleton
Seth Regiment. She spoke, on her voyage, the fcllov.
eels :—On the 84 of June, in lat. 22. 3. S. lang. 60,
the French whaler Teresa, Capt. JAY, of Harr, fr,r,
don Island bound to Madagascar, to fill up : <l t left -
don, on the 10th of May; the English whalers Grango,
and Litchfield.—On the 21st of July, in lat. 34. 3. S. la:
E. spoke the Mary, from Waal 90 days, bound to

and Madras, all well.—Left at St. Helena, his Marc
Cossausaoa, Evermore, Sam°, Tars, and Soren;
of Leith; Centurion, of Scarborough ; and Peace, of
06 the 3d September, 1at.15. 11. N. long. 32.45. W..
French schooner la Nareissa, from St. Nlaloes, boucu
Thomas and the coast of Africa, all well. Ou th,
telpher, in lat. 16.29. N. long. 26. W. spoke the Diza,
vapool, out eighteen days, bound to Pernambuco, z,n
On 11th September, in lat. 16.44. N. long. 26.32. w.
four armed ships, under Portuguese colours, from 1.1:.h0n,
lays; names Nairo, Concecissio, Condesa du Nun, '

and Viagante, bound to Bahia, all well. On 9th Octobt-
-45. 4. N. long. gl. W. spoke the brig Union

pool, from the coast of Africa.

Fasaiiiimm, Gnomes 170—Wind N.E—Arrired
Pfnellog packet, with a Mail, from the Leeward !stmt.
from St. Thomas's 14th September ; and Sulam, 6,
from Fiume, in 52 days; spoke on the ad September,
57. 11. N. the Lavinia, JACIXON, from Zante, for Lor.iol:
4MI the Ilith October, in lat. 48. 39. long. 7. 43. the
from fpr London Sailed the Cosmopolite, Kr
le Deux /Cads, Ottawas, for Numantia.

PLTDIOUTN, °mosso 18.—Wind N.—Pat in in
of the illness of the Captain, the Crown, Dowatrio,
don for Trieste: Arrived the Ann, 'noun', from Itioa.
the City of Bourdeaux, Hauer; for the Cape of Good
and Tuscan, Commas, for the Soutu Seas.
POSTRIIOUTR, OCTORRIL
transport, from London ; and Fox transport, from 1
Diu, Ormuz 19.—Wind N.B.—Arrived the .
Ibreraans, from Bengal; King George, Kim., from the
Yeas; Thetis, Icrrom ; and Montmorence, %Tour-
Quebec : and Amy, BLoostnetar, from New York.
Hams., OCT. 18.—The Patent, WARD, from itga,
shore on the Lincolnshire toast, yesterday morning, al
o'clock; she has received considerable damage, and b.
feu water in her held : assistance has been sent from
endeavour to get her off.
' Corross-House, Omega 19.—Entered Inwards ;
ilay. front Gibraltar; Venus, and Olif, from Gene; ,
hem Stockholm; Ocean, from St. Petersburgh ; Hunter
'Melded; and the Juno, from Riga.—Entered Outward,:
for Hamburgh ; Flora, for St. klichaers; the It
/or taa e
eF a si
rinceues; Ada% for Rio Janeiro ; Sussex, for St. '
B. for Dublin ; Commercial Packet, for Ant-
lost, for Waterford ; and Phesdo, for Jamaica.—Cl
urn* : The George, for Hamburgis 7 Express, for
Shad, for Jamaica; Essex, for Bourdeaux;
Dia Jamaica; and the Numa, for the Sooth Seas.

German Papers, receivediast night, contain
following articles:
FROM THE MAINE, SEPTEMBER v 3.

The rectification of -the- frontiers between
thought
and Germany, in die North, is again put off,
is not thou that it will be continued i.
Spring. The reasons of this delay are not
but it is probably without fotmdation that -
pie attribute it to particular difficulties, or .
that new modifications may be made in the
of the 20th of November, 1815. It were .
much to be wished that this matter might be
arranged, as the uncertainty of the frontiers
existing causes many disputes. The great
carrying on upon the fortresses in Belgium
Rhenish Prussia attract much attention in

The fresh system of defence, it is true, has
cussed at Paris in numerous conferences; but
course of this year nothing can be done, _
fund is set apart for this purpose in the Bal
1819. But it is intended to include a large
the system of defence in the Budget of 1820;
the Chambers approve of it, as cannot be
the plan will be finally determined upon.
The liability to military service is also
many, perhaps ill-founded complaints. It .
that the system of taking substitutes, as it i
tised in France, would be adopted; but this
tion has also been disappointed. On the or'
it is confidently affirmed that the organi.
Courts of Justice in Rhenish Prussia still

the same footing as hitherto.
BERLIN, OCTOBER 5.

Our Representative Constitution will soon
mined upon. The King had at an earlier I.
pointed a Committee of the Council of State
complish the important work. Three of the
bens of the Council of State afterwards '

through all the provinces of the kingdom to
the most enlightened inhabitants, and to acquit
knowledge; and now that the obstacles
or on the point of being so, the King has
Committee of a few Members, of which Prince
denberg is President, to draw up a complete
of a Constitution. They will proceed without
and submit the result of their labours to the
mentioned Committee of the Council of State.
18th Article of the Act of Confederation, and
well-known Edict of the 2Sd of May, 1815, are
bases on which this work will be founded; and'
is no doubt that it will be calculated, withi
Lion, on the true welfare and wants of the
and of all classes composing it.
The Prussian State has been often most
reproached with not fulfilling the word of the
nay; the- insolence of foreign journals has
far as to assert, that treasonable intrigues had
falsely alleged to exist, to have a pretext for .
filling the Royal promise. The Tribunals may
cide on these intrigues according to the law!
the accusation is too miserable to merit any
but contempt. The above unjust reproach 1$
unfounded.—The writer then proceeds to
reasons which have hitherto prevented the it
tion of a General Constitution into Prussia,
most all the Provinces had Representative '
dons of their own; and the great difference 1,.
them was one of the main difficulties in draw,
a Constitution for the whole Kingdom, whic
be agreeable to all. The King issued his
the 22d of May, 1815, quite voluntarily; aid
the Act of Confederation was concluded the
increased the difficulties already subsistini
was certainly. better not to be too precipitate,
proceed coolly, and upon fixed principles, to
ject in view, rather thin raise in haste an
and unsolid edifice, to satisfy the thoughtless
of ill-judged impatience,

~~ -

ADS, arritc
Ftbruarv,
te flOtit of .1
skeleton of
e
ng.RO.l:s,
.e, frcol Pe
left
Granger,
4. 3. S. icr!g.
lund to the 6
I Majesty's
iornit ; Bar
ace, of II
45. W. spoke
es, b', :d to
hi the
he Diz, •,f
auto, we
26. 32. W. s,
Vll ILbon, is
Panti,
h Octobt:, in
Island, of Li
Tired tt.e F
rd al,mds, .
lice
September,
far Lor.Joe;
3. the F.L.I
?tithe, Kw;
in in crelsen...
watio, Iron
front 'Loa. ;
e of Good ti
Arrived the
from Yatmoo
rd the Gok•
r, from the
ETHERI.Irth,
Yotk.
rn Itga, wert
orning, aka:
ge, and his t
sent from
wards : The
na Gene; J.•
gh ; Hunter,,.
d Outwards:
mel's • the
isez, for St.
for Antwerp;
ca.—Cleared
as, for Gib al
rdeaux;
eat
;ht, ccmtala
fBER
between Fr..
put off, ar,
wed before
are not kilc•
that some
es, or vv.:::
e in the T
t were cert-
might be.
ronners Lith•
to great lr
Belgium
on in Fran
e, has been •
ices ; but in
me, because
the Budget
a large stop
of 1820; any
not be doub'
pon.
also a came
s. It was h
5, as it is p
out this er•
the other h
anization of
still subsist
•
11 soon bed
arlier period
of State to
e of the M.
wards trace
;dom to co
to acquirer
les are remo
has name
ich Prince
omplete Pre.
without de'
s to the ab'
of State.
ration, and
, 1815, are
nded ; and •
, without ex
of the na,
most tlnj
wd of the K
tls has gon
igues had
text for not
,unals may
the laws:
nerit any r•
roach is sd
.tds to shew
d the intro
Prussia, for
tative Con
Ference bet'
in drawit.t,
n, which
td his Edi,
-ily; and
led the nevi
•sisting—a
cipitate, b
Ales, to th*
:0 an imp
ghticsi
allhoLs

51NG, BERKS,
P PROCEEDINGS AT
'ER.

N of Reading was yes-
f that Borough, for the
ation the late proceed-
nvened in consequence
igned and presented to
inst respectable inhabi-
'dye o'clock, S(X) per-
whom were observed
Aldermen STEPHENS
r Members of the Cur-
pre.,ent, Mr. ryseti
sn, Colonel Islawstunv,
FYNEs, LETCHWORTH,
(ri respectability. Mr.
I the Meeting.
, commenced by calling
!t- which

speech of considerable
.nted upon the state of
t.:11 the Country was at
of be denied, that there
thousands, who were,
ng hazardous, and he
le plans of Political Re-
lied, that there was ano-
unerous one, which, go-
:ed by timidity, or what
by self interest, seemed
down, by all and every
Forts that might be made
is present system of Ga-
tely contended for keep-
eevcr notoriousl7 nncon-
corrupt. At this critical
imperious duty of every
attachment to the Laws
untry, but, at the same
Iderate, practicable, and
ivledged existing abuses,
r his sentiments, and in
not be difficult to devise)
band equally determined
cts, if carried into effect,
iarchy and confusion, and
mmon sense and common
Ito uphold and perpetuate
;acy and corruption. No
tering unction to his soul,
ig concealment of his opi-
itrality, he would be able
n safety : no, even though
Iflict to go on, the issue
ruin and desolation on one
other. But if, upon some
at, the real filends of the
rf King, Lords, and Com.
the same time, to see the
is original purity, would
renly shew themselves, he
umber would be so appal- '
h there were, who had evil
iopeless of success; those
fanciful theories would be
e views, and the advocates
ion would be compelled to
:e and of Truth. Such an
ctive of another good effect
:rrence of any such attacks
ose which had been recently
.eal of an intemperate Magi-
e both them and those who
ded their measures, that the
submit to such illegal ac-
erpetrated at Manchester,
ht him to the business of the
low the present opportunity
making some remarks on
d interesting subject. The
.ered into a detail of what
August, asserted the lega-
sition of the Meeting ; and
vcia of sarcasm upon the
he Reformers were said to
ground. Be also described
e Yeomanry on the People,
c Magistrates ought to have
led to do, on the supposition
tumultuous and riotous. It
Mr. Ethelstone had read the
I read the Riot Act, he mum-
in his closet; and instead of
Devotion into his hand, he
ley all knew the manner in
I the Riot Act to be read.—
: forward and say, that Mr.
in the manner prescribed by
son to believe that there was
ted him from reading it even
sere was a range of Constables
rye a communication between
ouse in which the Magistrates
is religious and his magisterial
save warned the People of the
were exposed ; but did he do
ce it ? No, be retired into a
toyed himself in laying snares
d Heavens ! had the religious
entirely on that day all the be-
that Gospel, which breathes in
oodwill to all mankind? Had
joins a man, if he be smitten
the other ; if he be asked to go'
; if his coat be taken, to offer
all these principles of brotherly
from his mind, and only one
his recollection, and that sen-
not
to bring peace on the world,
initencs. he recollected in order
e it in its most strict and literal
touching upon several other
; to touch upon others from a
entiments of the Gentlemen pre-
saitl he would read the ltesolu-
mended to propose to them.—
.s.ould second them, and if, when
rson should wish to speak in op-
implored them to listen to that
could put him Own by argu-
do it; but they ought not to de-
.adeavciering to put him down
Nally Gentleman then read the

following Resolutions, amid the most loud and gene-
ral cheering:—
" 1. That it is the indubitable legal right of the iehebitsnb d
these realms to assemble publicly to discuss alleged gt en lett
and to consider of the legal and constitutional means of obtain-an
. I
lag redress.
" 2. That the Meeting at Manchester, on the 16th of August
last
being convened for the declared purptent • of considering of
the propriety of adopting the most legal and effectual means of
obtaining a Reform in the Commons House of Parliament;
t '
a perfectly legal and constitutional Meeting; and as such, entitled,
so lung as it was peaceably conducted, to the sanction and p r
tection of the Magistracy and other the Civil Authorities of the
place.
" 3. That there appears to us to be abundant evidence that,
considering the immense multitu le of people assembled' the
Manchester Meeting was conducted with a most exemplary de-
grey, of peace, order, and decorum, until an armed force f '-
(Dusty rode in among them, seized certain persons against whom
warrants had been issued, and with the most wanton, unp
yoked, and barbarous ferocity, dispersed the Meeting by indis.
eriminately cutting, maiming, and trampling under foot, men,
women, and children, so that sundry persons have since died
from the injuries they received.
" 4. That however greatly we may differ in opinion witk the
persons who are instrumental in assembling such multitudes, as
well upon the policy or propriety of so doing, as upon their
avowed sentiments in regard to the extent to which they propose
to carry Parliamentary Reform, still we view the dispersion of
the Meeting at Manchester, by an armed force, with horror and
indignation, not only on account of the wanton cruelties exer-
cised on the occasion, but as we look upon all attempts to sup-
press peaceable Meetings, legally convened to consider of
grievances, as a high crime, a violation of the fundamental pri-
vileges of Englishmen, and treason against the Constitution.
" 5. That the Ministers of the Crown, having with most in-
decent precipitation, advised• the Prince Regent to express his
approbation of the sanguinary proceedings at Manchester; have
thereby abused the trust reposed in them, and forfeited all claim
to the confidence of the nation : and that their conduct 'warrants
hope on our part, that his Royal Highness will speedily dis-
miss them from his Councils.
" 6. That it is with mingled feelings of grief and dissatislith:
tion, that we venture to express our apprehensions that the
ordinary tribunals of this country are not open to afford redress
against those who committed the violent outrages at Manchester,
inasmuch as it appears to us that in certain proceedings which
have taken place regarding those outrages before legal constituted
authorities in the county of Lancaster, a disposition has been
evinced to stifle inquiry, to reject proofs, and to screen the
alleged culprits.
" 7. That from the recent events at Manchester, from circum-
stances which occurred some short time since at a Public Meet-
ing in Smithfield; from the conduct of certain• Magistrates at
Paisley, in Scotland ; and from other similar transactions, we feel
ourselves fully justified in expressinr our suspicions and appre-
hensions, that a plan is systematically acted upon to irritate and
provoke the People to be guilty of violence and outrage, in order
to afford Ministers a pretence for the renewal of the Sedition
Bills, the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act, or some other
, equally despotic and unconstitutional measures, and which, if
I attempted, we hope and trust will be universally resisted by all
legal ways and means whatever.
" a. That a Petition, in conformity with the foregoing Rem.
lotions, to be signed by such of the Electors of Reading as may
agree thereto, shall be presented at the earliest opportunity by
the Members of the Borough, to the Honourable the House of
Commons, praying that a solemn, serious, and efficient inquiry
may be instituted by the Honourable House, into the lamentable
events which took place on the 16th of August last ; and we
rely with the most perfect confidence that our Members will use
their utmost endeavours to support the payer of such Petition."
Colonel NEWBURY seconded the Resolutions. The
wanton attack made by the Yeomanry Cavalry of
Manchester, at the instigation of the Magistrates of
Manchester, on a Meeting quietly assembled under
the protection of the law, appeared to him to deserve
reprobation, not merely as an act of cruelty, causing
the maiming of some and the death of others, but as
a dangerous wound on the liberty of the subject, and
a violent inroad on the Constitution of the country.
Nothing but a rigorous investigation into the cir-
cumstances which had provoked it could restore the
country to tranquillity, or the Constitution to its
purity. It was their duty, both as men and as Chris-
tians, to express their sorrow at the late melancholy
transactions ; and in order to get an explanation of
them, be trusted that they would Petition the House
of Commons, and not the Crown, as recent events
had fully proved that such Petitions never reached
the Prince Regent's ear. The gallant Colonel con-
cluded by denouncing Ministers, if they were not the
visers, as the alders and abettors of the late san-
guinary outrage—(Loud cheering).
Mr. HENRY MARSH then came forward. He ob-
served, that from the earliest dawn of his reason he
had always been accustomed to consider it to be an
inalienable and an indisputable right of the People
to meet for redress of grievances, and that, too, with-
out any restriction in point of numbers. There were,
indeed, some who might object to Public Meetings,
'on the ground that they were calculated to impede
the every-day business of life, and to counteract by
their very violence the cause which they were in-
tended to support. This was not, however, the opi •
nion of our ancestors ; if it had been so, where should
we have been now ? In a state similar to that in
which the subjects of the mantua-making Ferdinand
of Spain are now unfortunately plunged—that Mo-
narch who had been restored by English money and
English valour to a Throne, which he had not him-
selt courage to defend, in order that he might stain
it with the blood of the most honourable and virtu-
ous of his subjects--(Cheers).—When our ancestors
felt themselves aggrieved, they petitioned, addressed,
remonstrated, fought, bled, and died for their fiber-
ties ; and dying bequeathed us this right of meeting
together on all public matters as an heir-loom, to be
preserved to our latest posterity, uncontaminated and
unimpaired. But, say some of our alarmists, the
Meeting at Manchester assembled in . martial array,
and wore a martial appearance. To bins it appeared.
that these Manchester Magistrates had a very curious
tactical eye. It was not many months ago, that the
inhabitants of Reading had a similar Meeting with
Ilthat at Manchester: there were drums beating, coe
-
11ours flying, and men in ranks; and yet, had th
'highly respectable Magistrate who then acted asthe
Mayor of the Borough, followed the example of
Manchester Magistrates, they would all have been
surprised, though not agreeably. The Woolley Yeo-
manry, for whom, individually.and collectively, all
of them had a respect, might some have come gallop-.
in along the bridge, others down this street, and
others down that street, till they had surrounded all
the procession ; they might then have dashed into the
midst of it, but after all they would soon have found
that they had acted illegally—(Cheers and laughter).
All of them, if not acquainted personally, at
doughty least
nd
were acquainted by name, with the _
e
renowned Alderman Atkins, who deserved to b
e..
knighted, or else baronighkid, on
tory nerves, Which could smell fire woac.chuenret of
nobody bis olfadse
Sala
mantle: see smoke! Whether he was most of a sar
mantle: or a phcanix ? whether he could endure
re
more easily than he could rise from his own ashes?
was a point which he could not determin, and re-t
ing which he did not much care.
His
thewith

point to which he wished to sail the attention of the
Meeting. There were two modes of doing every
thing, and hit Lordship, who, even in the opinion cir
his admirers, was not quite so wise as Solomon, nil•
fortunately, generally chose the worst. At all very
large Meetings of a mixed nature, some knights of
the post, and knights of the pocket, must necessarily
be present, and the least spark would naturally be
blown into a flame sufficient to consume the City, by
these worthy characters, in order to serve their own
private purposes. The Meeting at Smithfield was a
gsort of the which he had just described : a
kw Military force was stationed in the neighbour-
hood of it; Mr. Harrison was arrested in the midst
of it ; this was suspicious; he would not say that it
was a trap ; but if it was, the Radicals had too much
good sense to fall into it. The.;-same game was to
be played at Manchester; but there, Mr. Hunt had
nearly spoiled all, by waiting on the Magistracy,
and offering to surrender himself to their custody,
if they had any charge against him—(Clieering).—
The Magistrates, however, were not to be turned
from their purpose ; they had determined upon hav-
ing a grand military spectacle ; there was to be a
grand coup de main, followed by a grand coup de
sabre, to amuse the Radicals. Every person knew
of the disputes which exist in the manufacturing dis-
tricts between the masters and their men, and how
naturally they must tend to stir up ill blood between
them. Was it, then, either wise or humane to hound
on the masters with fresh sharpened swords against
their men, in order that they might imbue their
hands in blood? With regard to this point, there
could only be one opinion throughout the country :
the Magistrates and Ministers might applaud them,
but nobody else could. They did not even act with
the courage of men, or the order of soldiers: it was
' proved at the Inquest, that their looks were pale ;
dfis paleness of visage was a proof of their cowardice;
it was also proved by the testimony of a man who
had been at Waterloo, that they sat on their horses'
like monkeys—this was no great proof of their ex-
cellence as cavaliers. Though the country viewed
ikt standing army with the utmost jealousy, it was
onlyjust to those who had defended the liberties and
enhanced the glories of our country, to observe that
these men had shewn themselves not only brave but
generous. An officer of the Dragoons had repeat-
edly knocked up the swords of the Yeomanry, and
exclaimed shame at their brutal ferocity. If his name
were known at the Horse Guards, it might, indeed,
impede his promotion, but it would remain hallowed
in the respect and veneration of his countrymen.—
After attributing the Prince Regent's applause of
these outrages to his ignorance of the real state of
the case, the worthy Gentleman proceeded to observe,
that if his Majesty's Ministers intended this atrocity
to serve as a prelude to the establishment of a mili-
tary police in this country—if they meant it as a de-
claration of their resolution to dragoon its inhabitants
into slavery—if Lord Castlereagh was so infatuated
with his friends of the Holy Alliance, as to wish to
introduce their system of Government into this happy
land, they must have perceived by this time that the
blood spilt at Manchester is not one-hundredth part
of what is necessary for their purpose; they must have
seen that they will have to wade through the best
blood of England to effect it; and must have reflected
that, after all, they might be covered themselves
with dismay, confusion, and destruction. It was an
observation, he said, of the great Lord Bnrleigh, that
England could never be ruined except by her Parlia-
ment; in which Sir Matthew Hale seemed to concur,
as his words were—" As Parliament is the highest
Court of the Nation, and one from which there is no
appeal, if ever misgovernment falls upon it, the People
will be left without any remedy whatsoever:—
Was not this the case at present? Were they not
ground down to the earth by an immoderate taxa
tion ? Were they not so far degenerated from the
purity of the Constitution as to see a seat in Parlia-
ment brought into the market and exposed to sale
with the same publicity as any other vendible cora-
-1
modity ? Did their ancestors ever suppose that such
a practice would be defended by a Minister of the
Crown, on the principle that it was " as clear as the
r sun at noon-day?" Was not this a misgovernment?
He maintained that it was; and when he looked at
the rotten Boroughs, he found the root of all the evil.
There every person was loyal and. obedient to the
powers that be ; there existed a close and disracefi
union between the Parson and the Civic Magistracy.
Was it not, indeed, shameful that men who took a
solemn oath, that they were called by the Holy
Ghost to the care of souls, should rise to the highest
dignities in the Church by doing the dirty work of
the Boroughmonger, whilst honour, and talent, and
integrity, which disdained to stoop to such ignominy,
were left to wither in the shade ? The Boroughmon--
Luring system shakes the Throne, pollutes the Altar,
demoralizes the People, and destroys all those gene-
rous sentiments without which liberty is a mere
name—(Loud cheering).
Mr. TELFORD followed on the same side in an elo-
quent and argumentative speech.
A discussion then took place in which it was pro-
posed to modify some terms in ace,
Resolutions which
we have inserted above, in order that die Petition
`which was to be founded on them might be signed
by as many Electors as possible. The alterations,
which were merely verbal, and did not affect the
principles of the Resolutions, were agreed to without
hesitation by Mr. Greene, the mover. In this discus-
sion, the Rev. Mr. Douglas, Mr. Fynes, and Mr.
Greene, took part. The Resolutiobs were then put,
seriatim, and each carried unanimously..
A Committee was then appointed -to draw up a
.Petition to the House of Commons on the above Re-
solution, and Messrs. Greene, Marsh, Fynes, and
Douglas, were appointed Members of it.
Mr. Wastaii read a Petition to the Prince Resent,
iwhich he proposed should be adopted as the Petition
of that Meeting.
Mr. MARSH seconded the proposal.
It was then put and carried, that this Petition
should be the Petition of the Meeting, and presented
to kis Royal_ Highness the Prince Regent, by Lord
I Mr. FYSHZ PALMER.-.-AftET the
of reason-
ing which had beep adduced that cl, after the elo-
quence which had been displayed, he confessed that
'he stood before them with greater hesitation than he
had ever, felt before in their presence. The Bth anti'
th Resolutions made, ft requisite for him to come
forward in discharge of the duty which he owed his.
constituents. lie could assure them of his readiness

►_
~ ~

'• ,

• • -

to present their Petition and to (lather their views on
this important subject. In the absence of his ctds
league, Mr. Shaw Ldevre, he thought himself jus-
tified in telling them, that from what he knew of that
Gentleman, he also would use every eitertion to for,
ward their cause. As far as he was personally
concerned in it, he thought it more important than
any which had ever been previously agitated within
those walls ; it was of the most vital importance
to the welfare of the Constitution, and the liberty
of the subject. He agreed with them in the Res
solustions which they had passed, because he was
convinced that there was the very strongest necessity
for supporting the Laws of England in all their
dignity; for to what other cause, except our existing
laws, could we attribute the peace and tranquillity
which we had enjoyd for the last fifty years ?--
If we turned our eyes to the Continent, and to the
despotic Governments, which were there established,
we should find that every one of them, in turn, had
been shaken to its centre, and had almost ceased to
exist ; whereas we, during the same period, had suf-
fered no convulsion, and had scarcely had two occa-
sions to read the Riot Act—(Cheers). Was he not to
attribute this to the respect which the whole of our
population felt for the laws—to that confidence which
all possessed of justice being done to them, whenever
justice was their due--,to their knowledge that the
seat of justice was uncontaminated, and that the same
measure would be meted out to the poorest wretch
and the most opulent Nobleman ?—(Cheers). It was
true, that there were many timid persons in the
country. He called upon them more particularly
Ito come forward in support of those Laws and that
Constitution which had produced them so many
blessings. The language which many of them held
was this—" Things are bad, but still they will last
my time, and I will not trouble myself to alter them."
He could not approve the generosity of this senti-
ment: it was language highly improper for the pre-
sent period, when the sword had been drawn, and the
scabbard thrown away. The question was—Are we
to have those laws by which we have been hitherto
governed, or are we not ? Whichever way the
qnestion was to be decided, an inquiry was necessary,
and the sooner it was instituted the better : for it was
alone that could appease the fermento( the
country. The present struggle had been called a,
dispute between the intellect and the sabre: he
trusted, that as the intellect of the country had in-
creased so much of late years, that 'intellect would •
prove more than a match for the sabre. Some per-
; sous seemed to doubt the power of Parliament to
redress this grievance. What ! had they not the
power to levy three millions of taxes, when the
country was labouring under an almost intolerable
load of taxation ? Had they not the power to grant
ten thousand pounds a:year to the Duke of York;
though, as an honest man, he must confess his con-
viction, that but for Ministers, his Royal Highness
would have refused to receive any salary for per-
forming a filial duty? Had they not the power of
1
enacting the Foreign Enlistment Bill, against which
the Nation petitioned? Had they power to,do all this,
and shall any person say that they have not the
power to redress our grievances, and to call to justice
the aggressors of the people's rights ?—(Cheers.)—
If they had not this power, that misgovernment to
which allusion had been made had already come upon ,
them. Should they pass a Bill of' Indemity to pro-
iect the Magistrates of Manchester, and to hush up
1 all that had been said against them, then, too, he
would willingly agree that there was misgovernment
1 (Cheers.) He firmly believed that Parliament would
redress the wrongs which had been inflicted—that
they
cwd impartialo ordernobdoultwdldeNvd Jury,'
itby
reverence. o
ty complimentingthe
wh caseo swhose
decision
et oc i
Ts bi
hoe en
Honourabletbroughththee wholemayboert
foro mieunentmarony;
employing a
single constable, and for not having
stationed a single dragoon in the neighbourhood.—
,He was happy to say, that the Mayor of Newcastle
had acted in the same laudable way. He then
moved the Thanks of the Meeting to the Mayor;
and the Motion being seconded by Mr. Marsh, was
passed unanimously.
The MAYOR made his acknowledgments, and dis-
solved the Meeting.
The.proceedings lasted from twelve till half-past
four. Every thing was peaceable and orderly.
tul I

A considerable number of the Inhabitants of the
Parish of St. Martin in the Fields having had, their
attention called to the present State of Public Affairs,
by a printed paper left at their houses, purporting to
be " The Declaration of the Vicar, Churchwardens,
Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of
St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex,"
have considered, that upon such an occasion, it would
have been but decorous in the Vicar, Churchwardens,
and Vestrymen, previous to the adoption of that De-
claration, to have submitted the opinions contained
in it to the consideration of the Inhabitants at large,
and have therefore invited their fellow-parishioners
to meet at Wigley's Rooms, Spring Gardens, to.
morrow,.at twelve o'clock at noon, in order that they
may. fully and fairly investigate the subject.
The Reformers, it is asserted, are straining every
nerve to bring about their long-meditated scheme of
Simultaneous Meetings, throughout the Country be-
fore the meeting of Parliament. Delegates and Mis-
sionaries for this purpose have lately been in London
from Glasgow, Paisley, Carlisle, Newcastle, Hull,
Leeds, Halifax, Macc?esfield, Oldham, Preston, Black.
burn, Leek (Potteries), Derby, Sheffield, Nottingham,
Leicester, Coventry, Manchr-
tol, Norwich, Exeter, and
fixed upon for the first attemi
of November; after which,
gularly once a fortnight, tmi
of grievances.
CORN-EXCHANGE, MARK-
have had very few arrivals 0
day, but a large quantity of
mains over from that day%
title was dull sale this mornin)
except for that of the finest
Monday's prices. Fine Barley
but not on better terms than
are scarcely any buyers for +'
Fine fresh Oats and Beans
In other articles they is no
• Acclamm—Setarday evening
ftwouth Wails at full speed, a n
;rose the street from the door of ,
knocked slows by the leaders, and
A be was killed almost instantaneous',

l

ItMI

I ,

i
i IL~I

11

i•

Vt

.1

,I
,;., , ..,.
j;„
1 ~
. ii, .
1.
i . 1
4 1..4 ..
-, ~.. ,
.: 1% 1
,
„
i a ... j

.

411
4 4
e •
4 If
1

3

Iti

~~

Is
i
I

tester, Birmingham Bris- il-
i Portsmouth. The day •1
/
mpt of this kind is the Ist
they propose. to meet re. ..1
mil they obtain a redress i i •
' 4 •
K-LANE, OCT. 20.—W0
of any Grain since Mon-
)f Wheat and Barley re- ' 1
y's sepply : the former 2r- .•
ning, having no demand -
I quality, wrich obtaieed
Ley sold rather more freely,
to on Monday ; and there 11
• the middling descriptior s. , ! 1
s support Monday's prices. • 1
) alteration.
as the Bath Mail was puska
man imprudently attempted to
. . ,
of the Bed Lion' when he was o
and the coach pasting over him, ,
ausly.
it
„1
.4
tf
•
- •
