rit&Cti PAPER&

PARISb SEPTEMBER S. •
The °Meets of the bus Legion of the Natioad
Guard gave yesterday a'most brilliant fete at the
Summer Vauxhall, Boulevard St. Martin's. The
table was laid with 900 covers. The Duke of Reggio,
and the Comte Rochechouart, assisted at the fete,
which was terminated by an elegant ball.
The inhabitants of the environs of Paris have pro-
fited by this day's and yesterday's tolerable weather,
to get in a part of the cOrn. In several places it was
made up in sheaves and stacked. - •
L'Arethuse frigate has arrived at Brest from Mar-
tinique, after a passage of 32 days. She left that fine
colony in a most satisfactory state, and brings intel-
ligence that Guadeloupe has been given up to his
Majesty.
The official part of the Motrientr of September 6th,
contains the Royal Ordinance for depriving the Sieur
Michaud of his Brevet, constituting him a Printer to
his Majesty ; and, under the head of " Ministry of
Justice," die promulgation of various processes and
decisions of certain Departmental Courts of Justice.
13y an Ordonnance of the 21th of August last, the
Barons de Capelle, Degerande, Dudon, and M. Fo.
Irestier, Councillors of State, have been appointed
Csmimissioners, in concert.with Commissioners of the
Allied Courts, to examine the amount of payments
to be made under the Convention of the 20sit No-
vember, from the Ist December, 181.5, to the lit of
June last, the amount of payments actually made
during the same space of time ; and to make out the ,
discharge of France from the Foreign Powers for
the first six months of the execution of the Con-
ve*tion.
' Letters from Marseilles, dated the 29th ult. inform
ue, that the Court of Turin is continuing its prepara-
tions agaiost the Barbary Powers. Levies for that,
destination are making in Piedmont. A great num-
ber of small craft is also preparing at Naples. Ar-
rangements for defence are making on the Spanish
coast, in the neighbourhood of Barcelona. In general
the inhabitants of the shores of the Mediterranean
await with impatience the moment when thiy are to
have vengeance for the constant and too long calor-
ed insults of the banditti. Their daily iniquities are
indeed sufficient to excite the indignation of all na-
tions. There have lately been discovered on the
coast of the Roman States, decapitated bodies, be-
lieved to be the remains of unfortunate persons who
were on baud vessels that have been pillaged and
abandoned at sea by the pirates. These barbarians
recently made a descent on the Isle of Elba, between
Porto-Ferrajo and Porto-Longone, and carried off
28 persons, whom they redurl to slavery.
Notwithstanding the vengeance which is about to
strike them. they do not appear intimidated. At
Algiers measures of defence form the only occupa-
tion ; every kind of trade is suspended ; the exporta-
tion of provisions is prohibited under the most severe
penalties : the town has a garrison of 13,000 men,
which number could be easily augmented, by levies
from the interior of the country, where fortresses are
established. The Algerines do not appear to enter-
tain much dread of the menacies of England. They
shrew, however, respect for the Consul of that Poorer.
to whom they leave the liberty of inn • •
country house on the sea coast, and of visiting the
ships in the roads_
SEPTEMBER 7.—Yesterday, on going to mass, his
Majesty received a deputation of merchants, who had
the honour to present to him a memorial on the pro-
hibition of muslin:, and on the evils resulting to trade
in general from article 59 of the law of the '2Bth of
April, 1816.
Proceedings are commenced at Toulouse against
the assassins of General Ramel.
A Journal, which has repeated in part the intelli-
gence which we gave that the affairs of the Church
of France negociated at Rome by Count Blacas are
happily terminated, adds, that according to report
the old Bishoprics are to be restored, and that two
Cardinals, one with the title of Legate, are to be sent
to Paris. Their Eminencies will be furnished with
full powers to put the last hand to this great work,
so important for the re-establishmeat of religion and
the prosperity of the State.
It is reported this evening, that the Chambers are
dissolved that the Electoral Colleges are convoked
for the 25th of the present month ; that she number
of Deputies is to be only 264 ; and that the Session
will open oa the 20th of October. This news merits
confirmation.

FRANKFORT, ATJOUST 31.
It is confirmed that the new Constitution for the
Kingdom of Hanover, arranged by Count Munster,
who is at present at London with the Prince. Regent,
is ready, and that it will be submitted to the States,
which will assemble en the SI October.
A Commission is sitting at Mentz, composed of an
equal number of Austrian and Prussian Officers of
similar rank, to inquire respecting the tumult there
on the 11th of August, and make reports to the two
Governments.
The new obstacles which have delayed the opening
of the Germanic Diet, do not seem to be yet remov-
ed, affairs being still in the same state. •
Several pleasure camps are, it is said, to be formed
in Bohemia alter the harvest.
SEPTEMBER I.—The report of a marriage between
the Emperor of Austria and the Princess Theresa
Caroline of Saze Meinetlngen, is stated with great
confidence. It is said the nuptial ceremony will take
place in the ensuing autumn.
VENICE, AUGUST 17.
• - -

It has already bean stated that the fortresses of
Kuin, Trau, and other points of the Illyrian frontier,
are to be put in a state of defence ; and it appears
that the Archduke Reynier is preparing to visit those'
places, and to make a military tour in Illyria. The
garrisons of Kuin and Trau are to be conipleted to
6000 men each.
• We expect 4010 men, which are to be embarked
fertile Calabria, and the kingdom of Naples. •
Some public Papers have announced that Verona
would be in future the seat of the Government of
the kingdom a Lombardy and Venice. There is
no foundation whatever for this assertion, no such
idea having been entertained.
`There is a. port of the citation of a new religions
and military Order, destined to snake war upon the
