FOR TIIE NEW YEAR.

Jost published,
THE STUDENTS JOURNAL, Arranged, Prin-
ted, and Ruled, for receiving an Account of every Day's
Employment for the space of One Year. With an Index and
Appendix. In post Xvo. half-bound in red morocco, price ts. 6d.
" I income froth this day to keep as exact Journal of my
Actions and Studies, both to assist my memory, and to accustom
me to set a due valor on my time."
Introduction to Ur. Gibboreis Journal.

The Pamare DIARY : formed en the Plan of the Stodentla:
Joan*, for general tow. H:l[ bound in blue morocco, 44.6 d.
The LITIRAILY Dear; or, Complete Common-Place Boot;
with an Eaplanation, and an Alphabet of twa Letters on a Leaf,
post eto. ruled throughout, and half-bound in morocco, pr. Its.
Printed for Taylor and Henley, 9:3, Fleet-street.

HISTORICAL AND BIOGRAPHICAL WORKS,
Recently published, b/ Losaway' HURST, Rtes, Oases, and
BROWN, Litsiden :
1. MEMOIRS of JOHN DUKE OF MARLBO
ROUGH, with his original Correspondence, c‘llec-
ted from the Family Records at Blenheim, and other authentic
sources. By Wirarme Cosa, \:.A. F.R.S. F.S.A. Archdeacon
of Wilt's, and Rector of Bernerton. Volt. I. and 11. in quarto,
Illustrated with awaits, Maps, and military Plans, W. 39. each.
The last Volume is neatly read).
S. Mammas of the COUNT I f green ELIZABETH. By Lucy
Aikin. Second Edition, with a Portrait from the rare print by
Crispin de Passe. Two Volumes octavo, price .ss. bawds.
The present Wort is composed upon the plan of uniting with
the personal History of a cekbrated female Sovereign, and a
connected narration of the Domestic Events of her reign, a Lirge
portion of Biographical Anecdote, private Memoir, and Traits
illuerative of the Manners, Modes of Thinking, and Literature,
of an interesting period of English History. Original Letters,
Speeches, and occasional Poems, arelargely interspersed.
b. lilotouss ef tbe Late Mrs. ELIZABETH HAMILTON ; with •
Selection from her Correspondence. and other unpublished Wri-
tings. By Miss Bengt:. In vJls. Bvo. with a Portrait, after
Raebairn, If. is. boards.

C. The ANNUAL 13100111011 Y and OSlTtrillY, with Silhouette
Portraits, Vol. 8, in Bvo. 15s. boards. This Volume comprc-
*bends the Biography of all the principal Characters who died in
1816-17, interspersed and illustrated with a variety of original
Letters, Documents, aid .Vtecdotes; and containing an analysis
, of recent Biographical Works, with a general biographical list of
persons rezently deceased. Also may be bad, Vol. 1. price 15s.
5. Lr.rvilts from the Abbe EDOILWORTH to his Friends, writ-
ten between the years 1777 and 1807 ; with Memoirs of his Life,
including some account of the late Roman Catholic Bishop of
Cork, Dr. Moylan, and Letters to him front the Right Hon.
Edmund Burks and other persons of distinction. By the Rev.
T. R. England, Bvo. Bs. boards.
6. Star/2111 ANZAUCA; or, A Deferiptive, Historical, and Geo-
graphical Account of the Dominions of Spain in the Western
lien.i.pliere. Continental and Insular; wish Maps. By R. H.
Bonnycaltle, Captain in the amps of Royal Engineers. Ins vols.
/Ivo. £1 Is. boards.

7. CNRONOLOGICAL and 1111201ICAL ILLUSTRATIONS of the AD-
MEN, .Isemerteruse of Qatar BRITAIN, containing a Series of
Engravings, of all the various Styles of Architecture, that have
successiveiy prevailed at dirftrent Periods, accompanied by De-
scriptive Accounts of entire Edifices, and of their component
parts. By John Britton, F.S.A. No. I. 12s. Med. 4to. and £1
Imp. 4to.—This Work will form the Fifth Volume of the Ar-
chitectural Antiquities of Great Britain.
e. A Descairrion of the CII•RACTEII, MANNERS, and CUSTOMS
of the Peon.' of INDIA, and their Institutions, Religious and
Civil. Hy the Abbe J. A. Dubois, Missionary in the Mysore.
Translated from the French Manuscript, 4to. Li 2s.
9. The litsroar of Baarn.; by ItobPrt Southey, Esq. Vols.
1 and' 2, Alto. with a Map, £4 12s. boards.—The concluding
Volume is nearly ready.
10. The Lire of James the Seconn, King of England, &c.
Published from the original Stuart Manuscripts. By the Rev. J.
S. Clarke, LL.D. F.R.S. Historiographer to the King, and Li-
brarian to the Prince Regent. In 2 large vols. *to. £6 6s. boards.
ty- This Work comprises the History of Great Britain and
France, from the latter part of the Reign of Charles the First,
to the doge of King William's Reign.
11. ArniaLs of the REIGN of Kura GEOIDS the THIRD, to the
General Peace In 1813. By John Aikin M.D. la 2 vols. Bvo.
£1 Si. boards.

--
The lIISTAILY of F.sm-stra, from the Norman Conquest
to the Reign of Henry V. By Sharon Turner, F.S.A. In 4to.
vols. 1 and 2, price Al lei. boards.
13. The HISTOILY of the A:into-Saxon, before their Inca-
sion of Britain, and their subsequent History.in Engiar..l to tsc
Norman Conquest. &c. By Sharon Turner, F.S.A. The 2d
Edit. In I vols. 410. AS 3s. boards.

14. Mamas of the KING. of Seam of the Houst of BOITRBOW,
from the Accession of Philip the Fifth to the Death of Charles
the Third, 1700-1788, from original Doeuments, and secret
Papers, many of which have never before been published. By
William Cole, M.A. F.R.S. F.S.A. The second edition, in five
volumes, Bvo. 31. in boards. A few Copies in three volumes,4to.
al. Bs. In Imperial 4to. 121. 12s. in boards.
15. Mammas of the Lies and AnatonsTaaesov of Sir Roams
W.v.rotz, Earl of Orford, with original Correspondence and
authentic Papers never beofre published. By the Rev. William
Coze, M.A. F.A.S. F.S.A. A new Edit. in 4 vols. Bvo. 21.85.
18. Luz of iloaarto, Lord Wateout. By the Rev. William
Coze, M.A. Stc. two volumes, Bon. IL 1115.
17. The Humor of the CMUSCIt of laud, from the Esta-
blishment of the Reformation to the Revolution ; illustrating a
most interesting period of the Political History of Britain. By
George Cook, D.D. Minister at Laurencektrk. In three vols.
price IL 16s. boards.
. 18. The Azeotescevaat Ammoniate of Gana, Barmor,illus-
crated by a Series of Engravings, of the most interesting ancient
Edifices of this Country, with an Historical and Descriptive Ac-
count of each Subject. By J. Britton. Pour volumes, median',
4to. 811. and imperial 4to. 321. half-bound.
19. The CAZNILMAS. Antismog* of Enotallln or, an Mao. i
rival, Architectural, and Graphical Illustration of thel English;
Cathedral Churches. By John Britton, F.S.A. Price tts. per
Number in medium 4w. and IL In hnperial 4to. Each Size to
class with the Architectural Antiquities of Great Britain. The
following portions are rAmpiste, and may be had separate, in
boards, viz. Salisbury Cathedral, with St Engravings, medium
4W. 31. 35. imperial 4to. Si. St. CrOWn folio 81. super-roal folio
with 48 Plates, medium 4to. 4L 10s. imperial
410. 41.4 a. crown folio 61. 10s. super-royal folio 81. 164-7
chimer, medium 4tqs3l. 3s. imperial 4to. Si. Si. crows folio 81.
super-royal folio 111. The two latter sizes correspond with the
new Edition of Dugdale's Monasticon.
Nos. I. 11. and 111. of Yolk Cathedral are just published.
90. Sons Account of the Lev and Wantons of Lon Faun
or Voss Cann and Gummi Da .CASTIP. By Henry Richard,
.Lord Holland. A new Edit. In 2 vols. Itiro. with two Por-
traits, 21s. boards.
2). The Thirroar of Jambes from the Peace of 1783 to the
Peace in 1814. By John Biglaesd. In 4 robs Svcs. the 24 Ult.
price 11. Bs. boards.
2•2. Mexonts of the Potwar' and Politic Lira of Watts.*
P.NN. By Thomas Cluksoo, EA. In two volt. Bvo. prise
11.4.. inboards.

THE BRITISH REVIEW, No. XXIV. just pub-
.& fished, comprises Attieles oa the following Subjects:--1.
Mans of National ht the General System of Elo-
cution, and in Priam 11. Madame de Staci's Work oa
* Prima Bee 's Sernsons-4. Neemiry of
Asamedlnehe Othfilmd Law of Eandand-5. New Wail of My
Lundkiod—ca Progreso of Typhus Fever, and its Treatment-7.
bisputesbetwoon America and Spain—it. On the Appointment
of a Quipide to HEW= Hospital-9. Mill's History of British
India-10. Intelligence bean the Expedition to explore a North-
West Passage.
London: Printed for addwin. Cradock,andJoy. Paternoster-
row ; and J. liatchard, Piccadilly.

Just published, in Muse 'Vols. price is..
The Third Edition of
THE FIEROINE ; or, Adventure, of a Fair Ro-
mance Resdere-.lly E. STANNARD BARRETT, Esq.
Author of " Woman," a Ebegm
" L'Histoire Anse femme est toejoers lan Itessair."
" To point of wk eed, humour. we do an es?* to place
this work in the same rest *kb Trlanst=ty. ley-
" This Is a eery spirited aid MONO tom the various
precluctioes under the Mae el Neva and, itssemaess. that have
appeared ter the last le as id peers We have been muds in-
tercalated with this ingialest pethrsetra"—ttrillial
Printed for If. Colbuns, Ito. ft, Cetsdukastreet.

• - -
Lately
In one Volume Mo. embellished with a Portrait of the Maims

and twelve finely executed Sketches of remarkable Scenery,
price k 2. 10s. boards,
NARRATIVE of a RESIDENCE in IRELAND,
By ANNE PLUMPTRE, Author of Narrative of a
Three Years Residence In 'Trance, &c. kc.
" Gbo has done every thing for this country—man nothing."
Loan CIMITISTIILD.

" We heartily wish that this agreeable volume may be the
means of inducing our countrymen to visit an island which they
are, for the most part, utterly unacquaiated with ; yet from
which %gland fills one third of her granary with corn, half her
fleets with provisions, and a great part of her army with soldiers."
Literary Gazette.
Printed for Henry Cabana, Conduhrstreet.

This day was published to accompany the Almanacks
for 1819.
APERPETUAL KEY to the ALMANACKS ;
containing an Accopnt of the Futs, Festivals, Saints' Days,
and other Holidays is the Calendar, and an explanation of the
Astronomical and Chronological Terms.
By JAMES BANNANTINE.
The whole corrected and improved, with an original Table of
the Constellations, their Names, and Origin, and the Number
and Magnitude of the Stars which compose them, &c. &c.—By
JOHN IRVING MAXWELL, of the Inner Temple. Price
Xs. 6d. bound in red. _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _

—Printedf;rioinSouter, 73, St. Paul's Church-yard. Sold
by Bowdery and Co. 190, Oxford-street ; and by all Booksellers.

LONDON MEDICAL REPOSITORY.
This day was published, price 2s. 6d.
THE LONDON MEDICAL REPOSITORY,
MONTHLY JOURNAL and REVI EW, for November.
Lately conducted by Dr. Burrows and Mr. A. T. Thomson, and
now Edited by Dr. Uwins.
Containing—l. Oatmeal. Couttaxicartoss—Gaitskell's Fatal
Case of Diseased (Esophagus--Fordel's Remarks on ihrenology
—Rose's Case of Congenital Herrila—BLukett's Case of Tumour',
formed in the Navel—Wright on Extraneous Substances in the
Ears—Robertson on Quarantine--Mansferd on Parish Regis-
ters—porgies Case of Dimmed Cranicil Bones—Wansboeough's
Case of violent Epiitaxis--Bartlett's Case of Fractured„Ciavicle.'
2. Ernrws of the Transamitina of the Irish College of Physi,
ciao's—Anson on Morbid Sympathies—hay's fseppleuseist toh
the Pharnaacerrias. 3. SHLICTIONS. 4. Foipcpe Unica)
Science and larmatuax. 5. Menicat and PHYSICAL lirrmu,2l
omsca--Register of Diseases—Monthly Catalogue of Books, &c.
Printed fur Thomas and George Underwood,32, Fleet-street.

FRENCH PAPERS

PARIS, NOVEMBER 1.

We are this moment informed of the death of the
Duke of Feltre, at his seat at Neuviller, near Sa-
verne, in Alsace. Marshal Clarke, the Duke of
Feltre, descended of an ancient Irish family, was
born at Landrecy, on the 17th of October, 1765.
As we have already announced, it appears that the
Ministers will submit a complete law on the Press to
the discussion of the Chambers. Doubtless the means
of repressing calumny will not be neglected, but
there is a kind of defamation which legislation never
can reach. We allude to the pompous eulogies which
certain periodical writers artfully lavish on citizens,
whose public and private conduct might have been
expected to secure them against such a humiliation.
What indeed can be more offensive to an upright
judge or a patriotic orator, than to read his apology
traced by the pen of a libeller! Their noble souls
must feel indignant at such praise; they would a
thousand times sooner be the object of calumny 1
The Marquis Dessolles, who was sent by the Kingto salenciennes to meet the Emperor of Russia, re-
ceived from that Sovereign a diamond ring set with
his cipher.
A dreadful accident has occurred at Perpignan.
On the 27th of October lightning struck the Mira-
don, a small fort in the garrison, and set fire to the
magazine, which exploded. Sixteen soldiers perished.
The town has suffered considerably. A number of
houses are damaged A tavern-keeper, who was in
the street at the time of the explosion, was killed by
the splinter of a stone. Several other inhabitants are
severely wounded.
The Gazette de France relates, that the Emperor of
RUSSIA, on his arrival at Valenciennes, alighted from
his carriage ,at one of the gates of the town, and
walked towards the hotel which had been fitted up
for his reception. The proprietor of the hotel sup-
posing him to be an Aid-de-Camp, addressed him
fcr the purpose of inquiring wbother the EMPEROR
had arrived, whom he was very impatient to see.
The EMPEROR then announced himself, and was con •
ducted by his astonished hbst to the apartments pre-
pared for him.
The pieces represented at the Opera yesierder were
Fernand Cortex and La Servant Justifase. The house
~was completely crowded. The Ambassador's box
was occupied, as before, by the Prince Royal of
Prussia,_ the Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, and

Count Units. A personage still more august was
also there. The Managers of the Academie Royale
de Mnsique wished to present to a foreign Sovereign,
in the course of the same evening, one of their best
operas and one of their most agreeable ballets. The
Grand Duke Constantine, dmsed in a plain coat,
mixed among the spectators in the orchestra. It
would have been impossible to have recognised him,
had it not been for the attention which he attracted!

in siflte of the incognito he wished to maintain, and .
velich French delicacy knew how to respect.
A letter from Cadiz, dated October 13, says— '
a The three Russian frigates, ilte Ligera of 41. guns,
Ithe Velose of 96 guns, and the Pronto of 96, have
arrived in this port from Portsmouth, which they left
on the 30th of September. They are in good condi.
tion. On the 11th the Tagle arrived from Lima
with 802,000 piastres. We expect the Castilla and
the Pseciosa, which left Callao at the same time with
considerable rums."
Yesterday the Ring of Prussia, the Prince Royal
of svia. the Grand Duke Constantine, &c. dined
woEish e • and the Royal Family, at the p.dace
hike pet cents. 71 r. 80 c.—Bank Actions, 1580 4
ritescg eItIMINAL LAW.
4, * Friday the **milers of the Council. of War,
assensled to try Ilene Francois Carrier, fusileer in
the dah Regiment of the Royal Guards, aged 24.,
. • Sear St.Wentia. In the service since 1812,
seek halting litlonged to the Royal Guard since i:s
formation, this young man had always punctually
performed his duty. He had the misfortune to forgo
an acquaintance with a girl of the town, named Life
Merlin, and to inspire that prostitute with an attest-
ment. of which the infamy of her course of life, and
the depravity of her character, seemed to have ren•
dered her incapable.
" Cap kve inhabit such hearts? Lise Merlin had
long been known to add the crime of theft to that
of prostitution. If she sometimes ceased to appeap
within the purlieus of debauchery, it was to inhabit
II the prisons; which, with a shameless levity she called
her country lodgings. On leaving La Force or the
Madelonettes, she used to say to her companions,
' I am just come to town from my country house.
" Carrier was guilty of the criminal weakness of
partaking of disgraceful pleasure, which Lise paid
for with money, of the source of which he could not
be ignorant. She not only defrayed all the expenses
they incurred together in public-houses, but brought
him money and provisions on the days when his duty
prevented him from strolling about with her.
" On the 29d of September, when he had been '
re-
lieved from his turn of duty, as one of the sentinels
1 _ _

at the Thuilleries, Lise came to him, and invited him

to spend the remainder of the day with her. Carrier
did not consent at first, and told her he must stop in
the barrack to clean his arms. To remove this ob-

jection she gave him SO. sous, saying, There, get
one of your comrades to' clean them, and & ome and
dine with me: Carrier, however, put the money in
his pocket, 'and said he would clean the arms himself
when he returned. They proceeded to a public-house
and soon expended 24 sous in spirits, in a placs
where neither the best nor the dearest is sold. After
stopping at several places, they arrived at the bar-
rier of Mousseau, where they dined; Their repast
was slight, but they washed it down with four litres
Of wine. The understanding of Carrier began to be
troubled ; he seemed to he in itated by an old quar•
rel, the nature of which could be very imperfectly
collected by the words which the witness had ce
lected. They heard him order her to leave him, call
her a thief, and declare he would have no ccmcern
with her robberies. She said, don't be foolish, I don't
fear you—but when I promise yon know 1 keep my
word ; you deserve to ha cut in pieces, and 1 n mild
not care to do it, for the King is my cousin, arc.
" The most extravagant la agu:.geind icated that Cas.
ries mind was -completely disordered, and Lise
seemed to take a pleasure in increasing his disorder,
and provoking him to excess, by making him drink
more wine. They continued alternately disputing
and drinking in different wine shops in their prt-Treis
until they reached the gate of the barrack. Carrier
entered, much against the wishes of his companion;
and it would have been happy for him had he con-
tinued there. He returned to give Lise the 30 sous
he had received from her in the morning. She still
had 20, and she dragged him along with her and
spent the whole in brandy. Carrier was more over-
come with the effects of the liquor than the female.
He threw himself on the grass in the Champ Elysees,
but repeatedly manifested a strong desire to get rid
of her. In a moment of fury and impatience he gave
her a severe blow, which knocked her down. A lady,
-who was at the time entering her house, reproached
him far his brutality, and wished to persuade the
unfortunate woman to leave him; but Lise, like the
wife of Sgauarelle, immediately turned on this offi-
cious mediator, and said, Mind your own business.
he is my lover, and he shall beat me if he likes it:—
She then lifted up Carrier's cap, which was on the
ground, and put it on his head ; and in return for
her complaisance, received s blow with the flat of
his sabre on her arm. He then flourished his sabre,
and in a great passion ordered her to be gone. She
approached him with her arms extended, and seemed
to provoke at once his rage and her own destruction.
Moved, probably by a momentary sense of the dan-
ger to which the disordered state of his mind was
exposing him, he threw away his sabre. The imprua
vent woman ran to pick it up, and brought it to him.
Her calmness seemed to increae his phrenzy ;
seized the weapon, struck her, and she fe 1 butted in
her blood. Three blows followed the first with the
rapidity of lightning. •In a moment after, however,
he threw himself upon her and exclaimed, Lise! Lise!
rise ; you know I love you. He then embraced her,
and begged her pardon. The spectators of this terrible
scene called the guard, and yet wished to save him.
Are these movements surprising? the spectators were
females. Carrier threw from him with horror the in-
strument of his crime. He walked away, and at a
short distance lay down upon a heap of straw, where
the gendarmes soon found him fast asleep, or in 2
state of complete insensibility. He did not attemrt
to defend himself before the Council of War. He
only said that he recollected nothing of what had
happened, and that he had never accused Lise of
being a thief.-s-The prisoner was found guilty of vo-
'Watery murdeo# but not withspromeditation, and wits
conOensised to eterpetual labour."

‘.

.

CHARACTER OF•TIIE AMERICANS.

. FORM MR.NEAROW'S "SKETCHES."

The portions of this miscellaneous and amusing
narrative which afford a view of society and manners
in the United States are not less interesting than those
which relate to the other objects of Mr. FEARON
exploratory tour. The estimation which his state-
ments enable us to form of the Americans Offers
little from that in which they are held by the Chi-
nese of Canton, who denominate them second-chop
Englishmen. They do not seen t 6 be either so well
informed or so well bred as their relatives on this side
the Atladtic ; their morals are somewhat less strict, and
their sense of honour by no means so perfect. They
are not so industrious in their habits; they are not so
friendly and social in their dispositions. With re-
spect to their indolence, it may partly be accounted
for by the easy means of subsistence afforded in a
plentiful country, under an economical Government,
and their frigid and unaccommodating reserve, of
which Mr. FLA RON has so frequent reason to com-
plain in his intercourse with them, may in a great
measure arise from their migratory propensities. Ac-!
mated by a restless passion for change, a great pro-1
portion of the population are continually on the
move for new settlements ; and these transitions co-
operating v. ith the incessant influx of strangers, can-
hot fail to produce among them a general feeling of
mistrust, or at least indifference to each other's con-
cerns. It senald not be paradoxical to deduce from
this cause their rude and impudent inquisitiveness ;
for they seem to have adopted the practice of guess-
lag and questioning, as a convenient mode
.of dix
'wining their own designs, and of parrying any at-
tempt to penetrate them. In illustration of these re-
marks, which have been suggested by the perusal of,
Ni'. FitatioN's book, we present to the reader the fol-'
Issuing picture of an establishment for public accom-
modation, and of its ordinary inmates:
" HorEts.—Having been twice at Louisville, I
boarded at the hotels, (Allen's Washington-hall, and
Gwathing's Indian Queen). They are similar estab-
lishments, both upon a very large scale—the former
having an average of 80 boarders per day, the latter
of 140. Their charges are:—breakfast, Is. Bd. din-
ner; `2s. 3d. supper, ]s. Bd. bed, 13d. If fire in room,
an extra charge of eid. per night. Board and lodg-
ing, per day, 6s. 9d. ditto per day, for three months
certain, 4s. 6d. These charges, with such an im-
mense extent of business, must insure a man, mode-
rately careful, a large fortune. These hotels are con-
ducted differently from those with which you are ac-
quainted. A person desiring to put up at one of
them applies to the barkeeper, and he must not feel
disappointed should he be refused admittance from
want of room. The place for washing is in the open'
yard, in which there is a large cistern, several towels,
and a negro in attendance. The sleeping-room com-.
monly contains from four to eight bedsteads, having
matrasses, but frequently no feather-beds ; sheets of
calico, two blankets, a quilt (either a cotton counter-
pane or made of patchwork); the bedsteads haire no
curtain, and the rooms aregeiterally unprovided with
any conveniences. The public rooms are—a news-
room, a boot-room, in which the bar is situated, and
a dining-room. The fires are generally. surrounded
by parties of about six, who gain and keep possession.
The usual custom is to pace up and down the news
room in a manner similar to walking the deck at sea.
Smoking segars is practised by all without an excep-
tion, and at every hour of the day. Argument or
discussion, in this part of the world, is of very rare
occurrence; social intercourse seems still more un-
usual. Sonversation on general topics, or the tak-
ing enlarged and enlightened views of things, rarely
occurs: each man is in pursuit of his own individual
interest, and follows it in an individualized manner.
But to return to the taverns.—At half-past seven the
first bell rings, for the purpose of collecting all the
boarders; and at eight the second bell rings: break-
fast is then set, the dining-room is unlocked, a gene-
ral rush commences, and some activity, as well as
dexterity, is essentially necessary to obtain a seat at
the table. A boy, as clerk, attends to take down the
names, in order that when bills are settled no impro-
per deduction should be made. The breakfast con-
sists of a profuse supply of flail, flesh, and fowl,
which is consumed with a rapidity truly extraordi-
nary. Often befin-e I had finished my first cup of
..tea, the room, which when I had commenced was
crowded to suffocation, had become nearly empty.—
At half-past one the first bell rings, announcing the
approach of dinner: the avenues to the dining-room
become thronged. At two o'clock the second bell
sings, the doors are thrown open, and a repetition of
the breakfast scene succeeds. At six tea, or what is
Mere called
.supper, is announced, and partaken of in
e same manner. This is the last meal, and usually
iffei'ds the same fare as breakfast. A billiardtable
adjoins the hotel, and is generally well occupied. At
ten o'clock nearly all have gone to bed, or what they
call " turned in." At table there is neither conver-
sation nor yet &hiking: the latter is effected by indi-
viduals taking their solitary eye openers,' toddy,'
and phlegm dispersers,' at the bar, the keeper of
which is in full employ from sun-rise to bed-time.
A large tub of water, with a ladle, is placed on the
bar, to which customers go and help themselves.
• When spirits are called for, the decanter is handed,
and you take what quantity you please: the charge
is always sixpence three farthings. It is never drunk
neat, or with sugar or warm water. :The life of
boarders at an American tavern presents the most
senseless and comfortless mode of killing time which
I have ever seen. Every house of this description
that I have been in is thronged so excess, and there
is not a man who appears to have a single earthly
object in view, except spitting and smoking segars.
I have not seen a book in the hands of any person
since. I left Philadelphia. Objectionable as these ha-
bits are, they afford decided evidence of the prospe-
rity of that country, which can admit so large p. body
of its citizens to waste in indolence three-tiiimirs of
their lives; and would also appear to hold out en-
couragement to Englishmen with English habits,
who could retain their industry amid a. nation of in-,
dolence, and have sufficient firmness to live in Ame-
rica, anti.xet bid defiance to the deadly example of
its natives.

The toleration of shivery, in this rnost tolerant of
all commonwealths, is another forbidding shade on
she portraiture of the American character.

LONDON.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1818.
Gortowoin Pcor.--11oliday at the Bank, Exchequer, and

South-Sea Ilowe.
THE FUNDS.

The depression of yesterday was occasioned by the
alarming accounts received of the state of the French
funds. Consols, at one time, were done at 76k, but
towards the close of the day rallied to 76i
This morning they commenced at 761. Much busi-
ness has been done, the House being open, although
a holiday at the Bank. Every nerve appears to have
been strained by the Bulls, but the gloomy appearance
of things on the Continent has thrown a damp upon
confidence, which is likely to increase. In France,
it is said, the greatest difficulty is experienced to get
good Bills discounted at any price, and the sale of
Stock in the French Funds continues to an immense
amount. by orders not only from this country, but
from all other parts of the world. Indeed the report
on 'Change is, that scarcely any price can be named
for French Stock. At one o'clock, the price of Con-
sols had risen to 77.1.

PRIVATE SARGAINS Tills DAT:
3 per Cent. Reduced 76 76i-1 per Ct. Cons:76i 77
Cons. for Acc. 77 77{,-4 per Cent. 94f 95.

5 per Ca. Navy 1071/—lndia Bonds 87 88 pre.
Omnium 1 dis.—Exchequer Bills 19 '2O pre.

By his Majesty's ship CHILDERS, arrived at Ports-
mouth, we have received accounts from the West In-
dies to the date of her departure. She left Trinidad
on the 17th of September, having been out nearly
three years, and is, we understand, to be paid off in
a few days. Left at St. Vincent's the AKTELOPE,
Rear-Admiral HARVEY, the only ship remaining on
that station, very healthy, as were also the inhabi-
tants of that Island. The accounts which she has
brought respecting the Independents in South Ame-
rica, have been mostly anticipated by previous ar-
rivals ; but we learn one fact from them, which we
believe is not yet known here. A great many Eng-
lish Officers volunteered their services on board Ad-
miral BRION'S fleet in the attack on Guiria, but they
all left him at Trinidad, after the capture of Guiria,
in consequence of some difference concering p•ly and
prize-money. The Governor, Sir R A L PII WOODFOR D,
MOIL generously, has afforded them assistance and
support at a time when they stood much in need of
it, not having been able to get their promised allow-
ance of pay or prize-money from BRION ; who re-
fused them in consequence of being under, he said, a
necessity of laying out all the specie he had on board,
in the puachase of another vessel, supplies, &c.

We formerly mentioned that Colonel Wit.sosr, who
had been detected in some intrigue or conpiracy
against BOLIVAR, had been pardoned, and dismissed
the Patriotic service. It has been since stated, on
the authority of letters from the West Indies, that
he had actually suffered death. This gentleman,
however, is alive, as we are assured by an Officer
just arrived from Margaretta.
It was also lately reported that Admiral %tog
had cursed Colonel GILMORE and a brother of Colo-
nel CAMPBELL to be shot; but this rumour, like
many others from the West Indies, is unfounded.—
Colonel CAMPBELL had no brother in South Ame-
rica ; but he had two sons, one of whom tell a vic-
tim to fever at St. Bartholomew's, and the other has
since returned to England. Colonel CAMPBELL him-
self, after being a short time at Margaretta, and sub-
sequently on board Admiral BRION% flag ship, the
Victory, quitted the Insurgent service, and proceeded
to North America, not on a mission from BOLIVAR,
as reported, but entirely on his own affairs, and he
is now in England.
Colonel ENGLISH is also in London, and has been
very successful in procuring officers and men.
Colonel HIPPISLEY, who commanded an Hussar
Brigade, has likewise returned. He was a short time
rt Ihnivart's head-quarters, but was commanded to
depart from the Main, in consequence of a personal
quarrel with that General. Thus the five Officers
who left England, in December 1817, at the head of
Brigades, have abandoned the service of the Patriots
through disgust, harsh treatment, or despair,

New York Papers to the 11th of October, arrived
this morning. It appears from Detroit Goodies, that
an unsuccessful attempt was made at 'Sandwich, in
Upper Canada, on the 7th ultimo, to try the long-
pending cause between Lord SELKIRK and the Bri-
tish North West Company. The Grand Jury rejected
an indictment preferred against Lord SELKIRK, for
resisting legal process at Fort William. Another
bill was thou preferred against his Lordship and seve-
,ral others, for a conspiracy to destroy the Company ;
in support of which a great multitude of their ser-
vants were Brought forward as witnesses. The Grand
Jury were occupied till Saturday evening in discussing
the merits of the case, and came not to a determination.
—On Monday morning, the 14th, they met again,
but on account of the bad weather, some of them
were not in attendance at the usual hour. About
noon the. Chief Justice observed, that the Court had
already shewn an unusual degree of indulgence to
the Grand Jury, and had waited an unprecedented
lusigth al time for that deliberation : that it was un7

reasonable to wait any longer without any Ist:sinew
before the Court, and therefore adjourned sins die.
The Attorney-General then went into the Jury-room,
took the Bill off the table, and told the Gentlemen
of the Jury that they need not continue their delibe-
rations any longer.
These circumstances are so extraordinary, that
they could not be expected to pass without animad-
version. It is surmised that some other mitten, not
agreeable to the ticrth-West Company, were in the
hands of the Grand Jury, and likely to be brought
forward by way of presentment, particularly a charge
of perjury against some of the witnesses, and a
charge against Mr. StmoN NFGILLIVICAY, for resis-
tance to legal process, and as..aulting a Constable in
the execution of his office.
A detachment of 220 of the 4th United States In-
fantry, under the command of Major BIRD, left Bal-
timore on the Ist October for the frontiers of Georgia.
By the latest advices from these frontiers, we learn
that General GAINES arrived at Fort liawkias about
the.2oth September; that the hostile Indians, in great
numbers, were surrendering at discretion; and that
about three hundred who had surrendered, were
ascending the Catahoochie, under Lieut. LEFTWICH.
The New York Gaulte of the 3d of October, an•
nounces it as almost certain, that a Mr. Martinez, who•
had recently arrived there in the brig Bourdeaux, had
brought out a Treaty from the Court of Madrid,
ceding the Floridas to the United States. The fact
is said to be mentioned in a Postrciipt of a letter, re-
ceived from France by the same vessel, which also
states that Mr. Martinez is the bearer of this highly
important news.

A great sickness is stated to prevail at Amelia
Island. According to the latest information, half
the troops on that island were confined to the hospi-
tal with sickness; and numbers of the inhabitants
were also suffering under the disease.
Four American citizens, captured by the Spa-
niards, while iu the service of the Patriots, are said
to be confined at Ceuta, and treated with greitt
cruelty, viz.—Mr. THOMAS C. CONKLIN, and Lieu-
tenant THOMPSON, of Baltimore ; Captain SEARS,
of Boston ; and Mr. WESTON, of Philadelphia.
A faint hope was entertained that their release
might be effected, which, it not realized, their situa-
tion would be worse than Algerine slavery, as they
were to be removed in the course of a week to the
most abject place perhaps in the woild—a small bar-
ren spot on the Barbary coast, called Zafferine
opposite Malaga, and a little to the Eastward of Cape
Tres Forcas.

The Public are already aware that a class of Com-
mercial Speculators, residing in Baltimore, have been
accused cf purchasing commissions issued by ART!-,
I GAS, and availing themselves of that cover to plun-
dePortuguese vessels of every description, and in
many instances to an enormous extent. The subject
is likely to undergo a strict investigation in Balti-
more ; we shall, therefore, considering the affair of
some importance, extract the following letter horn
a New York Paper, wherein the whole plan and
operation, whether truly or not we are of course un- '
able to state, are distinctly developed and described :

(From the New nre Ecelang Yuri of dept. t 3.)

EXTRACT OP A LETTER FRONI A GENTLENIAN IN BAL•

TIMOaE, TO THE EDITOR, DATED SEPT. O.

" As I perceive that the system of privateering, which our
Merchants have carried on fur some time past, has been repro-
bated by you, I now communicate some of their proceedings fur
your information. It seems that the Spanish property having
been swept from the ocean, their cupidity has been attracted by
the valuable Portuguese vessels and cargoes which navigate be-
tween Portugal, the Brazils, and the East Indies. Blank com-
missions are procured from Artigas, who occupies the banks of
the river Plate, opposite Buenos-Ayres ; under colour of which,
vessels, armed, equipped, and owned in the United State's, an d
more particularly in this city, attack aU the Portuguese and
Spanish vessels they fall in with, plunder them of the specie
which they find on board, and if the vessels have valuable car-
, goes, order some for St. Bartholomew's, where it appears an
arrangement of mutual convenience has been made with the
Governor ; others, fur small ports in the West Indies ; and some
even fur the ports of the United States.
" Two privateers which lately arrived at this place have car-
ried on their depredations to a most ruinous extent. One •of
them, called La Fortuna, (formerly the Fourth of July), has
captured from eight to twelve Portuguese vessels, among which
are the Rayuba dos Anjos, from which he took out 112,000 dol-
lars: a large ship of 900 toes, called the Monte Alegra, loaded
with a cargo valued at half a million of dollars ; the brigs Vasco
da Gorua and I)on Joao Lest*, valued at 100,000 dollars each,
besides others of less value. Another privelber. called &Irresis-
tible, which left this place in January last, returned a few days
ago, having pillaged, distressed, and taken 29 sail of Portuguese
vessels, among which were three And amen of great value. This
privateer is said to have brought into this port upwards of 200,0u0
dollars in speckle.
" The Portuguese Consul-General has conunented sundry
suits, to endeavour to procure the restitution of some of this
prOperty. lie is said to have attached a quantity of specie de-
posited In one of the banks, and to have libelled a large Portu-
guese ship and cargo, which lately entered this port as a prize
to the Fortuna: he has, however, directed prosecutions to be
undertaken against the reputed owners of the privateers in this
city, to recover the value 9f four of the captures ; and the Judge
of the District Court has ordered them to give bail each to the
amount of 5110,000. dollars. TLe following persons have been
held to bail—John S. Skinner, the Postmaster of this city ; Mat
thew Murray, the Sheriff of Baltimore court y ; Joseph Kuria,
John Snyder, and Joseph Patterson.
" The affair has assumed a serious complexion, and if the
('unsul is successful, as cab scarcely be doubted, must, frum Or
magnitude of the claim, tie attended with Almost certain ruin to
the parties, and probably to thei: bail, who, it is said, are liable
to the full amount of whatever may be the recovery against the
persons prosecuted; there b, int in this respect a difference be-
tween the Admir.dty LINV and common law. The same persons
have al4o been arrested upon criara.l charge 4 sivlsting the

Act of Contest, In puttirt oat the pieneet Pa
and have bent held to bail by order of the Judt i
pig In November-wit."

The Path Papers of Sunday arrired
The principal heads of their contents err
in our preceding columns. The latesfo
Marshal the Duke of FkLTillt, is dead,
being the Fete de la &walla, none of
were to appear, so that we shall be
new arrivals to day.—The following n.
of fluctuation of the 5 per Cents. ou Sul
71fr. 7.5 c. 60c. .50c. 60c. 71fr. 50c. 25e.
40c. ssc. 50c. 60c.

Our Readers are aware that, from
avoid recording instances of suicide in
excepting only in cases where the fact
is
that every one must know it, as in us
case of Sir SAIIL/EL ROMILLy. In the e(
nearly thirty years observation, we ha,
mark, that on almost every occurrence
the example has been speedily followed
instances, proving, decidedly, the evil
bare record of such a crime meeting the
di viduak labouring under a morbid mental
with %thorn such statements act as an
a malady which might not otherwise hal
into action. We have stated this fact
occasions in the hope that our content'
we believe to be generally as stroll;
sentiments favourable to humanity asoui
be imluced to follow our example, and t
cause of morality,. by abstaining from that
unnatural crimes of any description. %V,
again to press this upon them, from obs
already, since the lamented death of
ROMILLT, three or four inqances of liral
and some of them with fatal success, ha,
corded in the Daily Papers.—Would it
to make it penal by law to record such
would be no improper restiaint on the
press.

THE QUEEN.

" Kew, wednadal

•
" To a day of comparative ease, yesten
her XlAJtsry.experienced a temporary
those severe sufferings which a 1.,: grad;
ing her, a night of heavy lethargic

ceeded, from which she awoke uaa morral
and unrefreshed.

" Throughout the whole of the day .
has continued much iu the same debiii;
without any pet ceptible ;alteration, eitLer
ter or worse.

" The Duke of Yuax visited the Pain]
The weather tlhf not permit their Roy;

to walk out in the grounds, and die lto‘
ter remaining an hour at the Palace, reti
" The Paisce Rtocsr has, to-night
usual visit, but his Royal Highness has
express to receive the evening report ,
cians ; and the messenger was the bearer
from his Royal Highness both to the

~TA and the Duchess of GLOVCUTE

Ile Dowager Countess of CARDIGA
tess of 11Aticotrr, Lady CAMPBELL, and
ZABETti MuSTAGI;I7, were among the
the Palace, to-day."

The following Bulletin was issued thi
“'Kcw Palace,

" The QUEEN has had a restless night.
toms of her MAJEM'S disease remain
yesterday. (Signed)

" iIENBT

The Pictscr. REurNr and the Duchess
CF:STF.R, were met, on Tiesday, at Wto
on their visit to the Princess SOPHIA,'
their Royal sister upon the Anniversary t.
day, by the Duchess of YORK, from Oadands.
Princess SOPHIA of GLOUCESTER cumin-
visitor with her Royal Cousin.
On the arrival of the Duke of Sums
Wells, he alighted from his carriage a
Bum;lN's, where his Royal Highness di
welcomed by a discharge of cannon fro,
situation on the Commun.

About noon, on Friday, his Imperia'
Archduke MAXIMILIAN, with his sui
CLARK'S Hotel, in York. 'They vi site.
drat, and other objects of public interest
the same day proceeded on a tour to the
Lady WILLIAMS WVNN has left to%
W. Wymes, Hart. seat, 11" ynct.iy, Dem
The Duke of MONT ItOSL an ived on
house, Grosvenor-square, hum: his :el
her Grace and the Ladies (• HA NI air

Earl \Vuirw•onru has kit his se:
Sussex, on a tour.

Lord BINNING at his late visit to
to each of the National Schools iu th;
food, ti sum of CIO.
Our late accounts from Sierra-Leone
melancholy in the esti erne. u hi'
excluiive of military, do nut exceed
of these one-third fell victims to the les
rainy season; the Rev. Mr. Juayos, chic•
the wife of the Rev. Mr. l'ot.t.tEa, as.istaut ch.
Mr.WENzEt, a respectable missionary, Mrs.Dn
wife to another missionary, Mt. LEE, Mt. 1111:
Mr. SUTHERLAND, Mr. Jot.t.v, Mr.lloutirds.
others, have died of the malignant fever whk
vails annually in that unfortunate Colony. )1:
Mrs.CAIIEW, Mr. and Mrs. OwENsov, and'
who have escaped death, gill sutler severely
th
effects of the fever, which produces such estr,r.r
bility as sul,Lian, has been iserfestly :eon e:el.

.•
I
1
. i
~
_
' - 1
-..
lio..
A
, • -
i .
.•
' ....
. (1
. f 1
1
I, ;
,
1 • .
, .
I
.l
...
i • •
i,.
• •
kt. el
~i 1 ,
;
1
1 I i
)iii '
..,,

•
rocrtt
to
red hst
lai
allbek:
iinisb4.4ll„
• Moods%
Of the J 00,4
re withet
Was the et,4
4zuniq: 71'
;;;;E, ~
I Prima* ri
n our •
: IS co Dike
tLe larnenL4
course arm
lave bad toe,
ce of this
red in trr:ds
d drect,
the eyes
naelatid &sett
excitement
are been rill
ct on maw
roPorari,
lIT actuate/ 4
iv:Lives, sr co
d the, *Trete
the plenum r.'
We me ntri
observing 4.4
of Sir Su r
railar %
atany...;.
have bets
it not be anial
h crimes? This
e liberty tfug
:e: day,
II y 1.:14:er
dually efr.:.Z4
11:1111)C7
orning,
v her Mary
:bilitated sr
Ler fur ::.e be:
Ncrssts •
Iyal High -
loyal Duke,
numed to
ocired L
as sc. Jrrs -
t of the Pa
Barer ci lc.
le Princess
ran.
IGAN, C
and Lady E
he incyan:
this day :
et, stwele
;ht. The sy
tin the SAW
U.11.1%)11X:
chess of Gt.
Vindsor last
to congra:u'
try u her Bir:b
Oadands.
tirues rrs;,:e-
rit at Tunbtid
at Sir G •
$ dined. He
mm an eler •
ial Highness
Juke, arrive:
site) the C•
crest thee,
the
own for
Denbighshire.
a Tuesday
seat in Scc'
rrived Yester
seat, 136 C
RAClleSter,
that might
.eone have
►bite illbAbi
I :40 pert,'' 3
fever durog
, chief chal.,
rs•istaut
rv, Mrs. Dirt
Mr. Ilk
• IfotmatlA
fever whia
:olonv.
oat., and e-
• SeVerfly 6.11
