•
THE Amin 1. WIC %&4 ; os
• mil ;eI,4E sa.aftrsiff
Court Martial has commenced at Stilt:none!,
(Major-General MACKENZIE, President) to try Cap-
tain CAI REES, of the 19th Regiment of Foot; on.a
charge of baring 'enticed' Lieutenant Bansuaw, of
the sari% Regiment, to play .at billiards, at which he
(Lieutenant ilmasaaw) lost £5OO. •
Tuesday, the detachment of Royal Artillery, now
stationed arLeith Fort, was inspected there by Major- ,
General Sir tHOIKA,S BRADDoRb, who expressed him-
self in terms of high commendation at the appear-
ance of the men, and at the excellent state of their
appointments.
That fine Regiment the s3d, at present in Glasgow,
garrison, whose soldier-like appearance, cleanliness,
neatness of dress, and peaceable demeanour, have been
the theme of general eulogy, has a school for all the
children belonging to the corps, which is often visited,
by the Lieutenant-Colonel and other Officers. - The
strictest attention is paid to the punctual attendance
of the children A schoolmaster, not connected with
the army, is paid from the private purse of one of
the Officers ; and his Lady has a sewing school for
the female children, who attend it after they have
left the reading department for the day. But this is
not all—many of the men, who, with the strictest
economy, cannot clothe their children so comforta-
bly as they could wish, are assisted by the same be-
nevolent Officer, whose eye seems to watch over all
their comforts.

•

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING AT TATTERSALL 'S YESTERDAY.
ODDS ON RACI3S TO COME.
• YLWIILIRKET tT IMISS.
11 to 8 agst Sailor 20 to 3 agst c. by Middlethorp,
5 to 2 ap It ?dr. Low out of Ott
Tug TRIAL STAISS6 to 4 on Banker.
•Alarcn.-5 to 4 on Lord Suilield's Comical, ast. 21b. against
Mr: Udney's liarruecide. This betting corroborates the betting
at Newmarket.

NEWMARKET FIRST OCTOBER MEETING, 1320.
MONDAY, OCTOLER 2.
The Trial Stakes, a Subscription of 10gs. each, for 5-yr-olds,
7st. 91b. 4-yr-olds, Bst. 91b. 5-yrs-olds, 9st. 21b. 6-yr-olds and
aged, 9st. 61b. D. M.
Mr. Luke's buy colt Banker, 4 yrs old - - -
Lord Clurendon's ch. filly,tby Haphazard, 3 yrs old
Mr. Bouverie's brown colt, by Haphazard, 3 yrs old
Seven started—The Judge placed but three.
7t04 on Banker-3 to 1 agst Lord Clarendon 's filly.
Sweepstakes of 200 gs. each, Bst. 51b. D.I.
Duke of Portland's colt Mr. Low - - - - -
Duke of Grafton's colt o,srb•in.
His Royal Highness the Duke of York's colt, by Haphazard 3
4 to 1 on Mr. Low.
ford Suffield's Comical, Sst. 21b. beat Mr. Utlney's Barmecide,
7st. 121 b. T. Y.C. 100 gs. h. it.-72 to lon Comical.
Sreepstckes of :.cogs. each{ h. ft. At: 41b.--Flom the Starting-
post of .Ala. M. to the end of the Flat. Those bin cietrted gal-
lion., or out of untried mares, to be allu,svcd 31b.
Sir J. Shelky's bay colt Calchas -
Duke of Rutland's rheum cult Corioti -
Two paid-6 to 4 :JO Calchas.
CA R L ISL FRAC ES—Tu rsnAr, Strtrsinra 25.
His Majesty's Plate of One Hundred Guineas. Four-mile Heats:
Marquis of QueeusberLy's b. h. I'ercy 1 1
Shipl..}'s b. m. Jeciry Horner 2 2
Mr. B.:11's b. c. Why-Not - - 5 3
Mr. Iluteltinson's b. h. Helwith - - 4 4
A Gold• Cup of One Hundred Guineas value, by subscribers or
Ten G.-lrh•as each, p. p. the surplus to be paid to the winner,
in specie. Three dliks. ( rwelr.; Subscribers.)
7.larquis of Queensberry's g. f. Fair Ilelcu -
«il lam
Janes, Esq.'s!. P.'s hr. c. Sancebox 4„_ • . 2
Sir Phl!ip Musgrave, Bart. M.P.'s g. h. ThPlllarshat 5.

- 1

- 3

- - - -

• WEDNIVIDAY, sets. 27.
A rate of Fifty l'ounds, given by the Earl of rarlisle, for
three and fot:r years old& Two-miielitats. -
Sir M..W. Ridley's b. g. asorister
Leslie's b. f. HanThletocrla • -
\!r. Mfebielaon's f. Lucinda -
-.llr. Carterson's c. c. by Walton .

.

1 1
4 2
0 5
dli

A Sweepitakes of lOgs. each, p. p. for horses notthArouglf-sued,
bosseissie the pijopet ty of the Sjbscnbers, which have never won
plate, thatch, or sweepstakes, nor received :forfeit, before the
day of naming.' TWO miles. To be rode by Gentlemen. Weight
last. each. . blares allowed Sibs. (S.-ven Subscribers).
William James, East. M.l'.'s b. ra. by Octavian • - 1
Sir Philip Musgrave, Bzr 1. Nl.P.'s b. g. by.Fieldineer - 2
A Maiden Plate of X3O, given by the Corporation of the City of
Cu ri sle, for-horses &e. of all ages, that never won plate, mastch,.l
or sweepstakes, before the day of nanting.• Two-mile heats.
Mr. Ferguson's ch.'m. The 'Lady of the Swale -, 1.1
Wilkinson's b. nt. Cherub • - ' - 4 2
reirse's hr. c. Chance - . -.• 2 3
Mr. Jas. Robinsor.'s ch. tn. Nancy Dawson 3 4
11r. Dexter's b. m. Henrietta - •
rosemary, seer. 28.' - '
A Plate of £lOO for all Ages—Three-mile Amts.
Marou:s of queensberry's b. h. Percy " - 1 1
Mr. lt...!!;.tison's h. m. Julietta - - 3 2
Mr. C•wt•rson's ch. c; by Walton - 2 'dr.
Mr. J. Ferguson's ch. m. the Lady of the Stcale • 4 dr.
Fifty Pounds, given by the Members of the City of Carlisle, for.
all Ayes, on condition that the winner is to be sold for 150 gs.
within a quarter of an hour after tike.ltaCt, if demanded.--:1
'Two-mile Ileats.
Mr. J. Ferguson's bl. h. by Don Cossack - - I I
Mr. Bell's ch. e. Chicken - - ti 0
Chicken ran inside the post, and was therefore not apovied
to start agai :
A Sweepstakes of Two Guineas. each, .for horses, &c. get bo-
rough bred. One mile heat.
Mr. Fairbairn's b. h.
Mr. Wannop's b. m.
Mr. Steplitelson's ch. m. . - 3
Mr. 'PoLinson's b. in. e ‘. -•• .4
Sunday, owing to the heavy rats tke preceding day, the Eden
overflowed its banks, and covers all the low ground o( °the
Swifts,which made that part-of the Course uncommonly heavy,
which was probably the cause of these Races not,being so nume-
rously attended as in general.
• 4
PEDESTRIAN PfiIiFORMANCS- • *:-•
Wilson, the celebrated Blackheath Pedestrian, failed lat'orieek.
•his match to perform ninety miles in twenty-four successive
sours. He began the great undertaking at four o'clock in the
afternoon of 'Monday week, on a piece of ground in a field near
the Star, on Chatham-bill, and continued his journey .witir every
prospect of success, till between' ne. and two on Tuesday after-
noon, when be appeared distressed. He continued walking tiff'
twelve minutes to four, when, having two miles to walk to
complete his task, and being much exhausted, he geed in, after.
having completed 88 miles ill 23 )lotirs and 48 Minutes. Not.'
withstanding the failure, the distance walked is Considered to be
an extraordinary performance for a man so far advanced in life
as Wilson, who has attained his 54th. year- •
.. DELICATE STOMACH! •
Saturday sennight, at the Hare.and Hounds public-house, in
Huddersfield, an Italian pedlar, for a small wager, undertook,.
•to eat a clothier's woolsey apron, fried in kitchen fat, . which'
achievement he performed even to the strisgs, in the presence at;
a number of spectators, who all declared that the gurmandizer's
stomach was less tender than his countryman Mitiscchi's conscience
•

I

, .

The Earl and Countess of lit.saszsorox are arrived at their
house in St. Junes's-square from Southampton.
The Bari of LONSD• LS arrived on Saturday at his house In
Charles-street, Berkeley-square,- from his seat in Rotiandshire.
Lord %TIMM and Lady liAt. are arrived at she Royal Hotel,
&. James's-street, from theft: mat in Soothuld ; also, Sir Joss
Aimorrarner, Bart. from his seat in Lincolnshret—General B.
War i,..mt has left ditto on a tour. ' • •
Vint and Viscountess Dancamnia are expiated 4 town
this day, from Brighton. - • • •

THE CONTININTAL.REFOLUTIOICS.
ql/4
di A by at least SOO persons of re-
IlenentaNg was OPMeirdaY given, at the 'Crown and
Atiihor Totem" for•the purpose of celebrating the•
late events.in Naples, Spain, add Portugal: •
At balf,,past.six o'clock Sir Ittmaat WiLsow (the
Chairtnan), preceded by two. Gentletnen
.bearing
small busts (adorned with laurel)'of the Spanish Ge-
liberals QuittobA and RIEOO, and aecoinvanied by
Mr. Hoshoiria,the,HOn. 'HENRY GREY BENNETT,
Major CART*WoHT, Mr. HOME, Sir GER)I.RD NOEL,
alid many otherdistinguished persons, ' entered the
room, and'were most watmly greeted by the Assern.
bly. .11inner -watt served; and as the cloth was re-
moving, Alderman Mr) oo arrived,4and met with his
accustomed reeeptiOn: The first toast given was'
" The King 7' after Which " The Queen, with inno-
cence for her shield, truth forher spear, and the af-
fection of the People for her safegdard," was drank
amid bursts of applause which shook the apartment;
Sir ROBERT WILSON, from the Chair, then ad,
dressed the Meeting. The gallant General commented.
upon the important changes which .his hearers were
assembled to commemorate. He deeply conde.oned
the course which had been taken by Russia and by
Austria, in refusing to acknowledge the rkew Consti-
tutional Governments; deprecated still more deeply
the conduct of the English Ministryiin Wavering as
to the line which they ought to pursue,*and waiting,
as it were, for the lead of foreign, Powers; and con•
cluded by moving a Resollition* and declaration -in
favour of the Patriots, which were agreed to.
Major CARTwRIORT, in proposing as .a toast,
" The Spanish Cortes'," ,briefly adverted to. the de-
graded state of England, as compared with those
nations which had so decidedly, yet so peacefully,
emancipated themselves from oppression.
A letter from his Grace the Duke of BEDFORD was
then read by the Chairman, excusing his non-attend-
ance on the ground of ill health. A second letter,
to the same effect, from Sir FRANCIs BURDETT, was
also read, concluding thus : •
- " The act of writing is painful, an I must be short; bile I
have been long enough, if I have sufficiently expressed my feel-
ings upon the great event you are met to celebrate. I must not,
however, -drop my pen, without saying a word or tWo,respect-
ing our gallant countryman, Lord Cochrane, who is displaying
so much energy, talent, and virtue in the same glorious cause, in
another hemisphere, overcoming by his genius Jbatacies which
to all minds but his own appear insurmountable, and, by per-
forming, making miracles to cease, From the highest to the
lowest, all Who have thf happiness to serve under adore him:,
• May he return loaded with •wealth and honour to his native
land
liberty
.having mainly contributed. to the establishment of
Iffiekty the New world, may he find it and enjoy it long on
hisletm4t.to-the Old ! Excuse this digression, but when liberty
islkethente, the -name of Cbchrane, our great, our globous, our ,
ill-tfeaqd countryman—our countryman of whom we are proud,
can nevei. be foreign to the subject. Allow me, though nut pre-
sentito'propose a toast•Lbrd Cochrane, and the Cause of
Musty in South America.'

. " I have the honour to-be, Gentlemen,
' Your obedient humble Servant,
2,.:.1".1.7
- " FRANCIS BURDETT.".
..• . •
..The PRESIDENT then gave—
" The health of Sir Fiantis Burdett"—which was drank with
the warmest demtinstritiona of respect and attachment.
Mr. I3EN NETT taid, the toast which had been placed
in his hands was •ope which warmed his heart while,
he.read it.: It.avat :o:Generals Quiroga and Riego,
and their sgal*Ent•cemrades, the deliverers of their
country"(Arip&tsite), The Hononrable Gentleman
proceeded to mark :the points in which these great
men agreed,. and these in which.thcy differed. Qui,
roga was bold 'and, enterprising, but cautious and.
temperate.
an
was fitting for the times in wllich•
he acted, an enthusiast for liberty, and What mig .
be called a zealot—a.fit instrumentfor times of etiit.
cor.valsion. But he had shewn he was fit to coin!
Mind from his dispition to obey. • He did no know.
'it more heart-rencfmg spectacle to an Englishman
than the situations in which Spain and England now
1 rewectivoly stood. Spain might be said to be rtsin •
like a strong man out of sleep. There we savi the
leaders of the Revolution forgiving the injuries which
they and -the people had received. But they saw
here at home, the _Government busily eMployed in
heeparating all classes of _men from each other, and
degrading every institution of their country—(Ajs
pianse).• He wished to avoid alluding to this subject,
but it was.forced on their notice at all times, and in
all situations. No man could see the end of the perill
ous course in which Government had thought fit to
embark them. He wished they could turn away their
eyes from the sad spectacle. It was his conviction,
however, that nothing could save the country but the
establishment of a full, fair, and free Representatio&-..
(Applause). He• would propose a Spanish revenge
tor dungeons, exile, and chains—forgiveness, a legal
Throne, and a Constitution securing to every indivi-
dual his rights, aid prosperity to the country. •
Mr. BENNETT, Mr. Hume, and Sir GERA ED NOEL,
then successively gave their toasts, and addressed the
Meeting.—. Between the speechei a variety of patriotic
Airs were played ; and a Spanish song, by Signor
ROMAIRA, was loudly encored. ,-
Mr. HoOrouse, after a.Virited and. eloquent ad.:-
.dres, proposed he health of "La TaYetfe, and the
Champions of.rreedoin in Treace."
. Mr.. Alderman Wool) :professed; With great good
bompw,.that he was no orator; but declared that he
was, qotwithsinding; as warmly attached.to freedom
As any. man in.the country ; and -concluded by pro-.
posing, as 'a toast," ofd England." •
, . The Rev. Mr. Hktes, on presenting'himself to the
Meeting, already, wearied. With discussion, was Tei-
.eeived with ,Tome she;y a impatience. Its first
words, however, produced .a sensittiOn almost :elec.
,srical upon his. hearers, "I. am," , Said Mi. Hayek,
.ttpo Irish Catholic priest.: I received my education.
at. Rome ; and have been from my -infancy. a sworn
friend to liberty, and a determined foe -to OppressiOn.
.Ip..clie year' 1845
.1. was denoted by,the Catholics of
;Ireland to oppose at ERmeTIAt scheme Of the 13riti*
Government, which, by
,dititining for the. Crown, '
appointment dr the Irish-Bishopst Sought to reader,
ditt
.them,,like their brethren of-the Established ehil.reh•
the subservientrolloWere of tailiiiife. Sikh-in • Union.:
.hetyreiii Church and Stale is as-an uaso'tt betweei
I,ohrist. and Delia' ; it is an 'uniiils-Which'tonverts 0'
IZ.t:nestho9d ' priestcraft • ' itilikei ,ihicii ba
Cat
, .

!To preserve my country from such lborrars, and to
preserve the purity of our clergy, 'by keeping them
, dependent upon the opinion of the periple,- I went to
Rome; and, after a contest of.tWo yews, I baMel
the intrigues of the British Ministers end of The
borough- mongering Aristocracy,
.whith esis
among the leaders of politics at 'tomes I met rr
reward. By the ministry of the cowardly, the
treacherous, lock-picking Ompteda, and ofthat abject
slave of the Holy Alliance, Cardinal gonsaiyi, I was
imprisoned for two months; and afterwards, by a
guard of soldiers, dragged beyond the frontiers of
_the Roman territory. Nk hen Napoleon, that Colofstis
of power; who, were it fit chit mankind shook! s-ul,--
mit to a despot; was the only' despot worthy to be
'endured ; when he, who like the genius of the,
chained to a rock, with the ocean for his cage. am;
with monarchs for his jailors, now looks v i sxsat
composure on the political convulsions whit.. !,,tl(ti
the world ; -when , he, at whose comniail.l
gAve way And kings resigned their.. sceptres—wlT3
he was to be humbled, the trembling -Sovereigns
Europe cried for help to the people—(Cheers),—
Their prayer was granted., The petsple, in the lan.
guage of Omnipotence, laid, " Let Napoleon ;.;i;;*-
and Napoleon did' fad: How were the people le-
(raked?, Ungrateful rulers broke their promi•es.
disappointed/the hoPes• which they had raised ; ever:
institution. of Napoleon's they aholjOee,
every evil which had stained his course theeadde.i.
to the stale vices by which their own con.tiet,,
ready as disgraced. Ungrateful to nankin,:, tiler
'swore' at Vienna to enslave their henefaCtots ;
phemers in the faCe of HEAVEN, therfOrftled a fowl
conspiracy, contrary to each pr.ectifitsif zejigion or
morality, 'and impiously termed it their' " 11:44y 41.
liance." Lucifer! thou hast.heretofore arrayed thy;
self as an Angel of light ; but I day eveti thee. dc'
mon, to match such infernal hypocrisy. The indigo:
-nation-of Eutope was
,general,• wes.anivetsal ; -a ti.
never 'was it more strongly or mote simply expresed,
than in the words. which I heaid from an Lillian
peasant—" Napoleon," he said, " haci4iis faulis ; but
under him the- people had bread aadluitic?; no*
they have neither." The Reverend Qenti. then;
after a variety of observations upon there, ent events,
declared that it was his wish, •
,that Catholics and Protestants .might . all
enmity ; and that the calla( the'nee eli**s to. Reform,
and the Other for EmariCipatiOn, might be united into
one,' comrriori—one- general," jrt esistible e:eniAnd..
Such an union appeared to him not only desirable, but
feasible; the opposing, parties had wanted but an
opportunity to take each other by the hand, and that
opportunity had arrived: .An Angel d Peace 'had
called upon'them to rally together round her Thrta:e.
Within threedays-the Catholics of London Were to
assembleala the same • room in 'which he now ad-
dressed. liae-hleeting.for tbe..purpose of addressing
the
.Queeti. "..It was the first opportunity upon Which
they had.ceinefOriiard With their Protestant hftthers.
It would be-,- he trusted, the first. step towirdsaa
union between the clastes, end that union -werald be
but a prelude to as union still • more, general, more
extensive, which he had to, propose foethe tisprobis
tion of the Meeting. Here Mr. Hayes *Tad from a
printed paper the ounitte; of some plank Ate m ore
• of which Ate Were tirlafile fully' to collect.
ihterrupted by some persons, at the lower endof the
room ;.and, finding it impossible to command general
attention, concluded abruptly by.proposing, 4s A tOffStt;...
" May those wire Seek freedom in tension, freedom of per-
son, or freedom of the Press, not rakto tits•ovet that,. isovkl
they enjoy any of these, they must Sot. sews that Wl**, of
which these are parts—namely, full, fair, and free ltepreseuti-
tkve Government. •
Mr. THRLWALi. then protosed the hlalth of their
gallant Chairman, Sir Ro4ervgirilein, which was re-
ceived with - •
Sir ItinsitaT Wilson returned thatiks ; and the
sembli; i gelid iuinottr, ropesuP at'eleeen o'clordc.'

, • -. , ,
.. 141411.141/ID.
init
' Saturday,it litfiri.bashnite Cs4ch, Lieu - sCilonet.Taraes
Elphipistotie, third lotion& 4116O.Wiplam : to Diana -
Maria -Catering; moicAtiLlttir of 'Cisiirfels- :Esq.
Thursdai,l?t,speeial liCeise,*at (wanmore HOuse, Hants; the
Earl or 14dittftigdod, -iii'illzi Mary, widow Of the late Alcaaa-
der Thistlethviaytte, 334 of Hampshire.
Sept. 25, at Carvliwide;:the Rev. Wm. Goidle, of . Crowfoot.
John, to Moe,- youngest. daughter: of the late Mr. ldisldktou,
•-.;,- .
of 4bi!rto°42 .

... . _
• - At Portobilki, nate ffillideurfgh, ait'tlas SUS sdh. the Right
Hon. Alexindei; lased.lffilook. - •• •
On the 29th September:in the lith,year of his age, Henry
Simmons; second son of Joshua Smith Simons Smith, Esq.
'of Hampton- Court.
August 1, at Washington, in Pennsylvania, Mr. Thomas
Spring, firmer and nurseryman, lately resident in the neigh-
' bourhood of Sheffield.
An awful proof of the unceensinty isf this, life occurred in
High-stieet, Glasgow, en Tuesday. . Two men were talking to-
gether, when one of them suddenly dropped down and expired
without even uttering a sigh. On Thursday last a similar event
deprived a family at the west end of that town of a fine boy,
about eight years of age : he expired in the arms of a fond uncles
enquiring after his health in'the morning.
DEATH or W. FIRLDINCI, EA. .—About six 'oclock OR Satur-
day evening, William Fielding, Esq. the Senior Magistratrat
the Police Office, .Queen-square, departed this likes his house,
.where he had been confined for several weeks past, in come-
.qtaence of a .severe attack of the' dropsy. Mr. Fiddles bad
been Police Magistrate for about twelve years, and during that
period had discharged his official dudei with great and impartial
ability, and -upon alloccajeffia was the strennousudvocate of the
poor and unfortunate. Iffiawas about 1111 years of age, and pre-
served his mental facials, to the last moment ; he expired with-
sit a gnaw: • ' •
DIA= Hams, Icala.—Thit highly. esteemed and
unfiersally respected .Gentleman ClOsedliii mortal career on Sun-
dat last, at her cottage at livrinibledene. His age was. far ad-
nailed ; was that tenor hte lamentfd Sovereign : nor has he
long survived his venerated Monarch, who, for so long a series
of years, was Ms moat •gratimis patron and kiedesi supporter.
For more than Apt! a century pr. Harris most honourably filled
the arduous situation of chief Proprietor and Manager of Co-
vent-Garden Theatre. Whin,' saran , yearett ago, his corporeal
press sank under the exertion,. still no disease could reach his
mind, which, to thelast, retained all iti-activeeisergy. At that
"tett,* be assigned over all his sbeatrical prapurty, tO his son, Mr.
Iftepry, Harris; and the chief solace and enillypient of his de-
' dining yeirs has been to guide Mk etperienee and assist by
advice.. ids, son, sin- the esteresss. t of the digenit *duties of
Few_joseased, so y qualifications
astrtnikliMtriesSitce. illeinannei; wet those of ap-
AstiettraiiildetramplE4ds'impert *as -Sent; yet mild andeoncllia-
,..prippipki pr, tilad4faithal to his engagements
hiketith•atie.tEite akti juddnent 'tnte and
Mrimilisteknied

priesthood to priestcraft ;an UM ishich hit over' Winiade-illife aihrlucrghi.ele ilite'ancirorrect:a;th.ose uv-
been alike in Catholic and in Ptatastinitcouutag..... titer,:r:highlreile4t" tra'ilim4)" Perfetmers can testify
the :tint i!ot!eictirengitte of tisf.:46e'kcluttia* 41"rw—rrerldortage 0 his
.erflicia *marks and
tine chitn- of slavery -Thi:Statstre alb.- stt4rd su
t c."
114;=‘; 'hisckatia*
consider
d"
tohis
dd . Wlll5 chiratters who adorn any age or
.. - ,
to er.otect the thttreiffil of itabtilleas/iiiea Clikktikthe •-3 • •;.c:: 1- * -'s - • •, ..
:Clerelitinsse tlleitiNaeikdlnftutak.to.hisla,diVio ' 1 R« 11121t.,5rv' -1";;- Mbgith . IbGR 1"----.-0-1.1()BR-0 -.
14 pci
„elbow:ate. it drafteAlikpo -tieghwto.plosoi ti. c , - .e.::1.:- 1 . 3 othlittis 36er lit
.1t , ik...- • 7.
an inisitni urstsVatalitleted,lirthedfitallitiiitats,. .41 , r s. -•• •• '-'" :- . 'lrt.4"','—'*" is •
polititar thdignatiortvgikaa . atzz 4-* ,Ed 1- --*-.'---"t"'--"-*-ar-
re tat- !..i. sit)LIK 4%. *tiivil._ Id .y" Prsst: r r chat.
die - . ..
and throne are it eland. id- it . .
triittlon..—. • . '''. -... *•.- .. .tats,...Tvgtsi.24r.
.. •
• l'P * - , •, • • . • • ~ •
