was ,
which
tioa to

..

I •
•
a

;.

s
'

e

r

ties against which 4'had struggh
The whole s he observed, (*the Catholic
was soh and imposing.. The gorgeous
appearance of the Priests, its music, painting and
perfnmesi captivated the cm:es. Man was quick to
feel elksliard Impressions, but slow to reason on ab-
stract truths; and these outward demonstrations of
magnificence seized the attention and led the imagi-
nation captive. The practice of auricular confessions
and the sale of indulgences, gave the Priesthood an
unbounded dominion over human frailty, and lald
conscience prostrate at their feet. But these vest=
mints, skase ornaments, and the fragrance of psi,.
!times, served only to disguise the hollowness and
corrusision and deformity, and to lay the soul to sleet
The My Vi"
people, istd
every Or.
a &Mains
odteige,,
Ite

_...ns to an untimely e.
ligion were too great to be triumphant for ever.—
The first plaintive notes of genuine Christianity Were
heard among theWaldigenses, but they were crusbgd
by the power of evil, and perished at thefoot of the
Alps. When Luther arose, the illumination was so
rapid as to.burst at once the thick darkness which
enveloped nations ; the mind awoke which had slept]
for ages. Mr. Bowles said, he could not better de-
scribe the effect thin in the words of Milton, which
ht gaoled from his Areopagiticus, who compares a
nation rousing after a sleep of ignorance and slavery
to an eagle moving in its mighty youth ; beholding
with undazzled eyes the noontide beam ; purging its
long abused sight at the fountain of all fadiance,
while the whole flight of timorous and twilight-loving
birds fill the air with their senseless cries. The time
of persecution was, he hoped, gone by ; but if there
were. any who meditated to erect• other scaffolds, or
to light new fires, they need not while they had the
protesaing shield of the house of *Hanover. Mr.
,Bowles concluded a much applauded sjieech by
moving the sixth Resolution—
That 'this Meting could not enumerate all those evils which
fliwed from that abundant source—lit that the Scriptures were
forbidden —That their sacred truthigorere displaced by corrupt
traditions, and simple, true, and opiriturt worship by supersti-
tious forms That Crusades were substiatted for the peace-
announcing Gospel, ignorance for knowledge, and persecution,
for good will to men :-- That Priests, operating by their dogrnas
on the. fears and oti the hopantsf the deluded and untaught, es-
clts*i.ealy =sated both wealth and. power:—Thee aboulutions
and indulgenc;tes, purchasable from them, enc.o4aged :
That admission even into Heaven was made dependent on their
dear-blatiett pusses and their prayers : .:That the people groaned
in wretchadness, and that monarchs trembled on their thrones:
—And that} domination, interested, arbitrary and injurious, ex-
tend;! Over the boluses, do isullecu, and consciences qt meg.
It was seconded by Captain Bort.st ind'carried
unanimouslY. •
Mr. JotterMtrAts said, that the darkness of Eu-
rope before the Reformation was the darkness of the
Charnel-house. The men who first shts.l 'a gleam 6f
light athwart that darkness must be dear to all those
who valued religion, or loved its purity. This light
first arose atnong the Albigenses and Waldenses, in
Arragon, in the south of France, and afterwards its,
Piedmont. The histories of these Christians were de-
rived from men who would not do credit to their'
virtues; but it was known that their main principle'
was, that the Scripture should be open to all; and
o ie of their sect was the person who first translated
the Bible iuto the vulgar tongue of the country in
which he lived in 1120--(Anlasnes.) Even chil-
dren. it was said, read the Serposoes among them,
and could give an account of the articles of their;
faids.• Our country had not been deficient in dig
early luminaries of the Reforniation.
r 1 as one of the . first who exposed the errors et the,
etturch of ltome, and he also.. .translated the Scrip-
tures. He was thehead.of two Colleges ia Oxford,
and disdaining she advantages, which lay open to his
tactivirt and leardirlp, if he 'hose to prostitute .15 to
tke tervite of the Churelt of llonte—he preferred to
tdb leis duty. to his conscience, by unmasking the cor-
itaiitions of its hierarchy. His' conduct was con-
, *maid by the Moils ; they said that the Bible was
L.to.e.f, deposit eutausted to the Clergy ;done, and

calculatZ-d
attention obtain . 'support. The
more, indeed, that principle Was discussed, the milt
it would be found deserving of universal suwort ;
for Luther, who made the first bold and decisive
stand agaiast the abuses of Christianity, had rendered,
the most important service to that great cause, by
illustrating the distinction between spiritisalitie; and
seculars ; between what-was due to GOD and whtt
belonged to Omar; by establishing the right of pri.,
vate judgment as well as of public' pmßssion and
worship. Such was the good which that man 91
noble daring and vigorous intellect had conferred
upon mankind. The question, then, for those The,
adopted the principles of Luther, and appreciated
their valut, was this, whether they would allow their
• stand still, - whether they would allow
But

possible
that the Protestants of the present day cosild ever
think of going backward, as some of the predeces-
sors were.nnfortunately disposed to do iu the time of
Edward Vlth. It was recorded in history, that in
the course of that pure Monarch's reign, there was an
insurrection in Devonshire, the object of which was
ito restore the rule of Popery. The insurgents were,
ta deed, excited Popish frriests, who led them on,
bearing the Cross at their head. This insurrection
was, it would be remembered, so formidable, that
Lords Russel and Grey required a large force to put
It down. But it was remar le, that according to
the 10th of the fifteen articlen)ublished by the iasur-
vnts, as declaratory of their purpose, it was stated,
that all Bibles, or English publications, with regard
to the Holy Scriptures, must be called in, or that the
Priests would not be able to confound the Iletetics.
He was as anxious as any man to abstain from any
allusion to politics upoti this occasion. • But such ab-
stinence was' not altogether practicable from the na-
ture of the subject. tor aorta ling to his conviction,
and the conviction was, he believed, universal among
reflecting men, the political importance of this aka-
try, its literary, commercial, Manufacturing, !find
agricultural improvement, were mainly owing to the
principles of the Reformation. It was then the duty
of that Meeting and of all Englishmen, to testify re-
spect for that great measure. In such testimony,
however, he was always desirous to distinguish be-
tween persons and principles, lest any degree of illi-
berality or insolence should have the slightest encou-
ragement. But it was due in gratitude to our great
original Reformers—it was due ut gratitude to the
House of Bruniwick, which had been invited tittle
country in order to support the Protestant eitablish-,
merit—at was due to the character of Protestantism
itself, that the principles of the Reformation should
go forward. It must, indeed, be the wish of all the
friends of humanity to support the doctrine which
urged the-most benevolent precepts, and therefore he
was induced to calculate upon the unanimous acqui-
escence of the Meeting in the Resolution which hd
had the honour to submit.
• J. MORLEY, Esq. seeolided the motion, and it was
carried unanimously.
The Rev. Dr. STYLES rose, and proposed the fol?'
lowing Resolution :
• ." That the Reformation basing promoted the recognition, of
the great principles which this Meeting maintain, has (aadod by
the art of printing) emancipated many nations from such supra
othions and tyranny—has bestowed on the peopk constitutional
Ihnstioen, and restored to magistratesiawful authority —has basil
insiabr the fetters which enchained the human mind—has
triollorated the destiny even of those countries which have on
yet yielded to its influence---and has contributed to that improve.
'sent in social happiness at which this Meeting can rejoice .-41.
though society may not yet have attained that state which Piety
wort desire, and Philanthropy approve.'
- The Reverend Divine, after describing the manly,
energetic, and efficient exertions of Luther, pronoun-
:red a glowing eulogium upon the illustrious Chair-
man,
who had, he observed, been unifopuly consis-
tent in the maintenance's those principles which the
Nleeting 'was convened to celebrate, and which the
Resoluuon he had read so fully expressed. His
Royal Highness had ii,deed most decidedly suppcnxii
ed those principles upon all occasions; both in and

upon
the highest pitch of power and character.
we it was impossible fur the Reformers of,
England to reflect upon those principles without the
strongest feelings of reverence and gratitude. But
while reflecting men admired the principles of the
Reformation, especially for the liberty which they
'recommended, still it must be felt that liberty was
,fiut so well understood, or consistently regarded by
,some of the original Reformers, who, although they
so forcibly reprobated tyranny and persecution, de-
graded their character by practising both, as soon as
they had contrived to vault into power. Although
they preached toleration, they became intolerant as
soon as they became powerful. But having men.
tioned this word toleration, he could not help cos-
- and use. He hoped, indeed,
soon become exploded (a
authority had the right or the
human mind. No man could,
own mind from think , and
of the kcformatiowhich

ally, and peat lantana:ice of the
Constitution, -every man in this
think aloud—(Appienter).—
the Reformation asserted thia
country, and he hoped to seethe
. would be universally admitted-4-
religions freedin would be ♦CM-
Alt the world—( Appleuses ). The
principles Reformation might in this country
be regarded as the tree of liberty the did noismean
of licentiousness) which our forefathers had watered
with their blood, under the shade of which we now
happily sat, and he hoped this tree would be found
to extend its branches throughout the earth, fur the
benefit of liberty as well as religion.
The Rev. A. FiarcHan, in seconding the motion,
took occasion to introduce the Reformation to the
notice of the Meeting, under the figure of a tree,
which was planted, he said, when angels sung Glo-
ry to GOD in the highest, peace on earth, and good
will amongst men r—which male its appearance in
Saxony in 1517, and the fruits of which this country
'was now enjoying. The Reformation, at its outset,
met vice in all its horror, and it had produced virtue,
in all its charms—on the one hand we saw oppression's
and imposture, on the other the triumph or reason,
and liberty ;—on the one hand we saw the darkness
of vapour, on the other the splendour of the meri-
dian sun, which promised to dispel every delusion,
and to lead to the brightness of immortality. But
the people of this country, were most peculiarly
indebted to the principles of the Reformation, for to
them were owing the security of our constitutional
liberty, and the presence of the Illusttious Chairman,
for the family of that justly respected Prince was
not only settled, but irwited to this country by the
mouth of the Reforthation.

The motion was unanimously agreed t.o.
Mr. Goats communicated the wish of his Royal
Highness the Chairman, that those Gentlemen who
had to propose the Resolutions yet to follow, would
be so good as to be brief in their remarks, as the day
was so far advanced.
• Ths Rev. Mr. stood forward to move the
following—
That without confrrrlrg any excessive praise on Luther, Mt,
!anthers, Zninglius, Calvin, and the band of brethren who
originated ai promoted this beneficent event, and without ap-
plauding all their conduct, or all the doctrines which they
taught, This Meeting must regard them as great among the
greatest of mankind :—ntust recollect with astonishment and ad-
miration their talents—their industry—their seal.—and must
recommend to their children, and their childreni children, an
imitation of their dauntless courage—their steady perseverance—
laid that unintimidable obedience to the dictates of tlair con-
sciences which they nobly displayed.
The Rev. Gentleman observed, that the original
Preachers of the Refortnation were to be regarded as
the Agents of the Godhead, inspired by his holy
spirit to promulgate the principles of religion, and
to advance, the interests of humanity. Those great
men were still allowed to err, and to their errors he
could not subscribe. • But still if we were to judge of
their merits by the.fruits of their conduct, the highest
tribute of gratitude was unquestionably due to them.
To Luther, indeed, was owing the greatest obligee
tion that Protestants could espies:. It was well olx.
served by a great writer, that to excite a man to bring
forth all his energies, in order to• achieve an impor-
tant object, it was necessary that he shosild fully
make up his mind, and completely commit himself'.
So Luther, after he had determined upon his pur-
pose, was—not tote daunted. When he heard of the
Connell of Popish Priests at Wurms, in order to ditr
I prociate his conduct, he w..s advised not to gat there,

kipnced,
to convert men eiror, thel
to respect those principles of c
berty which were purchased by
and sealed with the same token.
Mr. FREaK',econded the mail
mously agreed xi.
Mr. J. Inv's, after qpipse pre
posed the folichrilg ifilkluttui
pliance with the request of IN
stance of the Usairman
" That whast tl4 Meet's, reader c
'easerat aurtriotet awn, who were the
tiMr—Tbeyaree' cast Levi thcset
sir who cn their native lead. .12 isai
erriptioa, ujd death. put-Waned cae
wham equal tnuaerhs were ...truerrod .
and unsepid lima, en S.AAL.a4-4.
Holy Nt+l3,a emit Ceateee.ra d
the+ Rst • une.eawm. 1.4 IN W4d Jul

ration wig mum.
That this Mating we eshlthoora I
maila this Tri-tes year denier maim
by
by die P who adtavate t!
tbe haunts ' lopplig drum—
spprosimating dadsvaber win
mind., they as,
tif: digooly to &a
loi ined--obl powithati its Lunar
useated saudesk orea.eignisold isa
" Iliot Aro comotwol al
itakentatisb ' e usiividarl INFO.'
'he 1 mmairy —and bless Inassidad, eel
„wino Ilk &Auto sod America grebes a
tab dun* pnadyles stub am saaliau
tlieu wortb —us tracurit diem waL L.
Isoncrity--wid to imam t these wbo •
stientraos trust all persersuny hal.'
taxman Ooey now wapectaar invite —•
are sewasph—qpltea datoptiout 'weir
circuitelei of &e Holy fantail!e wu
larbitiden--and vibes Inquisitions a
bilked, to perpetrate the esysre of th
by victory, -and by death.
" That, swidat their own secortir I
ing feel the deepest isitereet tor dune •
communities, who, amidst the ;alai
kingdom to France, or throughout ti
generally lustily to tier fsitli ..--and n
would adtlrtia assurances si that ks
fraternal Love.

" That w last this Nottiai atm c"
yellow influence they drum should
globe, they seek stir that eatennio•
went and through the force a until
Catholics they dieclairn all arnteuens
could censure, or &wove rn.ealem ivy
The Rev. J. Tov. xSEND cong
upon the heat-cheering ;pmt.'s"
pressed the most decided appeal
the Resolution which refried to
Protestants in other countries.
to be forgotten who were su'e
tion at (roa, or iu Rome, Maple
It was to be hoped, that in thil
gotry and the spirit et persecu
utterly extinguished. But unto
mortified our hopes, as was part
respect to our fellow Protestant
exhibited not only,the must sigt
but common gratitude ; fcr the
testants to certain people and
cially to the latter, entitled us
rent system. For who mien
Pope, as well as the Kings of
There was, it was known, a cut
tants at Rome, while the Pope
city, which, since his restorii
from meeting fur public worshi
of that copgregation as venture
were underperpetual apprehen
safety. This congregation o
tants was, indeed, complete],

also, was the fate of a similar ci
After animadverting in forcible
ingratitude and irreligious ill
conduct manifested, the Revere
the state of the Protestants in I
mouth of June last, two Prete
rat a certain town in the Sooll
upon the procession of the Ho
they did not hold out some tai
homage for this ceremony. I
to this mummery, those Prot
fined by a French Court of La
he► would ask, consistent with
Louis XVIIL owed to lingL
GOvernment and People ? I
w4th common justice, or the p
M the Charter which he :iglu
to the Throne by the Hero el'
to Protestants the free undistir
religion ? He (Mr. Toyota.
.means would be taken to pies,

• . . . .ir
. . .
. 46. . .V, Ile ..{. 110 4 , ... • : fr. :. .
~ -.:. • .
IP
410 • 4.6 ar.4- .-
'. * ,
,P- •• ike 0 .." far Z • 1 • • * :*i:s .• •
- -- that Master RiAlife had 11Id lebpen so that even ait 9f• I
Wichlife right o
. . ' .44 Ha jd beim& .* .'' es assisted at die women nujitheread it—(Appliooss.)
the mks" at EL:hat 'bow Tog. zsdwibti his teeth
the the rice attic priest- prem.._
..
witbt . - had 11SMEttd • after his his dug dug up, and jump°,
• . a of 1688, at hie scattered to the wind. Ne concluded by, issintial
wit . that and mad; Dr. mewing the 7th Resolution: ledge-Ai
RI" had give" a character , William-IfL— That allicted at the retrospect of evils so muchottobelored, vented
ls person .acist * had often ' the best of th'i VIZ "in" trees evrymp those idlieZlied moil avotght. necesto
isatsseath
. ~•
• earthly 1 had 'Yr ma -c:
sad iliac the memories of Wickliffe. dm. 1
been hiroScelf"l2,ll4lomotee7r thelleistierdshe Re- lerams. et Ibisa, and of the Waldenses, are enshrined Eternal
. formation idles purest stmt. issued within &it tan& unless
) • .0.,.. that sentiment o that ies wished go see the day Mr. Raw shortly seconded the Itesoldion, which was ns
whennere should not be a child its his• dominions was carried unanimously. prey=
tion ha
II •i who could not read the Scriptures" ( Applause. )—As Mr. COCKS stated, that he had received a letter
for religious liberty, he did not think that men should from Dr. Sweby,.. melding the copy of a Circular estahlis
s .. 4, allowed to ask for religious libeety ;it should be from the Council or Confession of Aulphurg, which •
indeed,
liven them unasked. He concluded by moving the had just been celebrating the Centenary s f the Refer- and ib
~.., fifth Resoluion: mation ;in which Circular the principles of that great maini.
~ if . 'Thu tea expert Edict's front, the 3d to the Mb cents- measure were clearly explained and mos impres- of the'
'. 11' ales en arinenare:gbat these great principles are ps imps's- sively urged. Mr. Cocks translated, a pa/Mtge tram five hat
* . to in their practical operation, as, in theory, they are correct : this letter, in which it was steed, that the Proms- _i:__
...and that to their violation are ainly attributable those mat- uracove
„rood, amlict*d kwaarity.... tants maintained the right of privatiPjudgment, and crow
ainichnins. Ws which, for that lent
• def.:rude the Christian faith -and oppressed the world. without judging or condemning any of those who this im
11fr. Coeur= seconded the Resolution, and said, differed from them, appealed for the justification of divide;
that the Reformation had established the principle: their own opinions to the doctrines of the Apostle::—
,invahi;
'-• fritT ill ant on the Holy hew— tams and the (This passage was loudly applauded.) the ri
itinitdia lication of reason to thesubject, in op- The Rev. Dr: NEWMAN proposed the following riftin
P
poeitfen tb ' 'es however rcspv.able from their Resolution : advant
~.•That it is the peeing, and important object of this Meeting to
-'ltltti, howtver venerable by dieir sanctity, or
celebrate, at this to-centeruid period, that glorious Ilefonnasion tag kn
' powerful from their numbers—(Appknue).which in 1517 inesiced lags:tiny .—winch excliariged know- civiiiie
s? ' • *Evert man wile told to “ read, merle, learn, and in- ledge for ignoraocisiareedern for oppression—and a purer Cbsb, empigl
. , *aridly digest." It was not to the pelton of the Re- dimity for Obampekkaa..antichriatlan,and absurd. iaustri
• forme* however respectable they were, that servile. He earegratutated the friends of Christianity @Oft nation
homage was due ; ft. was their principles which+ we the. zr niimh of Ladies who were present on this Ora-
of wait
s
siiitdd respect, and follow out td their full ertent.— mon. .1 Voltaire had observed with a sneer, that half
a coon
Christianity itself was a Reformation ; and it was the Christianity of Europe was owing to the Ladies ; elev. ]
their dirty, as Christians, to inquire for'themselves but the observation was just, audit would, he trusted, liar'''. r
till the,keformation itself was•reformed—( Applausr). continue to be the proud characteristic of that inter- contei;
The Itesoltition las carried unanimously. eating sex to employ4ts zeal and influence in pro- noor tl
The Rev. Mr. BoirLas rose to propose the sixth moting the cause of Christianity. But the principle zl-,-; Il
Resolution, and eloquently enumerated the diflicul- of the Reformation was peculiarly calculated so,,ex- was ti•
nti against which the Reftrrnation'hail to struggle, cite their attention and obtain their- 'support. the which
The whole strietw, he observed, dilate Catholic more, indeed, that principft 'Was discussed, the melte do, tr.
Religion, was soln and imposing.. The gorgeous it would be found deserving of univers'al su:oport En
gle
c .t... n-•:—.. ;•• .rooe,r naintino and for Luther, who made the first bold and decia ive En

COITLIWUIt atiu us.ava y, 4...........7 --- --- -- ----.--
The May Writ was kept from the inspection of the principles to stand still, or whether they would anow tioned this Word tultraii
people, qind by its abseve the way was prepared for them to go backward or forward ? But he would dem ' its meaning an
every et+or—for vice, ignorance, and profligacy—for ask, could the followers of Luther and Protestantism that word would s
a fetikiasts spirit which sanctified every cruelty and be reconciled to let those principles stand still, while *um,
oittrige, under the natataf Goa and his Lamb.— millions of people in th; south of Europe were strait- , fur no earthly a
isidee4wer to.prevesmcontroulsitsfreorrhu
The way to Heaven was -* to lie open to those gees to that bleuedness which they 2.6 /I
who won it ley the sitprd in blood.. Hance the joyed i for kow many persons in Europe
• .
sat4t
thanks to the principles
raielties of the Crusades, in ich even the soft acquainted with the principles of the Ref° ? were the natural ally, a
sex . laid aside their nature, atil children& hastene , for instance, was
This
condition of Portugal,
. . .privileges of our Conn
immaturely to engage in t,angenary and tflichnsuax . pant. and Turkey" condition was known, i_and. "countri was entitled to
wars. The Cross a Dint who ,gas to Mit how could Protest:lints be persuaded to stand still ana But the principles of ti
peace into the world was borne sign.tr &air decline to make any effort for enlightestiog mar an rat title in every coutu
whichnai,iiiins rallied to War—(atylou,se)life . ll* immenst number of our fellow-creatures? Certainly w when that title won'
book which was destined to be the tree of , was not. Vor if they would stand still, they could not when' civil and religiot
made the firebrond of contention which lighted mil- suppose that the Pope, the Jesuits. and the Inquisi- blished throughout the
lions to an undrnely grave. Such perversions of re, don, would stand suit also. Then it was possible principles of the Refurm
.ha. eh. ris,upersfirs of the present day could ever h. ~....,Apd ac thetree i

. .
. . . . . • ' ..rh .
. ... ..,,,- • -
- . ..
iii.--'• 40
• ~s s 4-- '. • .r. :. ~, :: • .
•'. . s
.•4
. 4- ' • ' • . ' . . .
..,. ' • 0.
Iciri; .01. f •$ . • • .•• It .• i •
, p., ~,,,• • '... .. • ...,, . . s • , • ~ .. • .
SV• . ' •
4,. eic •.-te. •• . • ....: ' - • ..
• 4 . ' 0 ..
• , •
____ •—•— that Master MIAS& had 1:11d Itlpen .to that even ant (g Parliament ; for be had always defheda the i lest he skald en*" him-elf to en
.• ' :41111; lit Id he" '' ... es assilted at th 4 "Men nujghtsre4l it'(4114"""*) Wichaire ri ipteists_of private judgment and the ereedo n tie the his rePtY was, "it thnre n4e
the rads" at EL,....... Tug, zsdKik his death the nee of the ptiest-
witbs , had KSMECtd • bit after his his bodf (A/Tie/dee). -11 was apparentlyihreugh the
Tas dug up, Ind interpositicin of Diesels Pini/V140411111 that the art cif Ihllee*"
Wurnis as there she tyks upon i
On another occasion thu
. a of 1688, at hie scattered to the wiad. Re concluded bra pnnting, the merit of which was so justly acknow- burned outside the town of 1.4'.'
wit . that . ' and mad; Dr. mewing the 7th Resolution: 'edged. in the leesohoisse had beta so fortunately in. which had been tutted against hi
vented about the eery period when it became so man who eintsld nut be affected
Noes, hadree e character %elitism-I(j._ Teas Alined at the retrospect of evils so =chat° be delored„:
the hest of till* Miele its trace even d'.c.e 1/1.21?" moil necessary to promote the Irma work of the Reforma- bulls, was not-MeV Matelot:mid
li person cut* had often
had 'which is the hiutersti century partially dissipated a so
* earthly 50014601, George ) sod • : and etas the memories re *wade, tion. That an seemed, tuced, abeam from ....0
./.. Of asses. Neither bulls nor assei
been hirapelf4 plomoter of tbe ' the Re- Jerome. et lbw, and of the Waldenses, are enshrined Eternal Moe. But the an of printing was noising lend orade the ?roe-Tessa
formation inits purest sat. - issued within
Bit bans. .. unless the right of Printing were admitted ; and it s succ .1, flrul EngEshrnin
.
that Nip sentiment ss that he wished to see the dap Mr. BITAX shortly seconded the Resollion, which was now-M1.154 endeavoured by Papal authority to to etult in his sate fur to that e
when Were should not be a child is his' dominions was carried unanimously.
who could not read the Scriptures" (Applause.)—As Mr. COCKS stated,. that he had received a letter •
prevent the free exercise of that art. The Reforma. debted for the C inert of the I
- non had, however, defeated those endeavours, And and the establishment of civil an
for religious liberty, he did not think that men should from Dr. Swalay,...enclbsing the copy of a Circular established the right of- printing. To the principles, The labour of Ltifier, and 'the a
• .. 4, allowed to ask for religious libeety ;it should be from the Council or Confession of Aue'urB, which indeed, of the Reformation, the freedomle the press, Reformatien was; would he ten
liven them unasked. He concluded by moving the had just been celebrating theCententryt f the Refer- and the consequent diffusion of knowlWge, were titude, indebted neon materiedll
mation ;in which Circular the principles of that greet mainly attributable ; for it. was kamen, that a copy Saxony, one of wkdse descendent
~,„ lifth Resolution:
111 . 'lbis the capers Europe front, the 3d to the lath cents- measure were clearly explained and inct iineres- of the Bible, which could not be purchased under the favourite of Ole people of E
.11" ales has aentonstrat . these great V,rinciples are pa impee- sively urged. Mr. Cocks translated, a PaMige from five hundred crowns before the art of printing was favourite, indeed, as any Prince e
. • . hint in their practical operation, in theory, they are correct: this letter, in which it was steed, that the Prates- ,
discovered, was soon afterwards to be had for sixty Brunswick, especially in conseqv
...and that to their violation are as,tainit attributable those mgt-
. *rainless Ws vraich, for that long pet 4 &Meted humanity-. of rivaterudrent and
tants maintained the right./s j ' crowns, while of late, through the improvement of IA loss which his Serene Hight
theormed the Christian faith -and oppressed the
n,orld. without judging or condemning any
.0 those who this important art, the poorest and most humble in- whole !Patina, had recently sustal.
.
IStra• CIIIIISTIE seconded the Resolution, and said, differed from them, appealed for the justification of dividual in the country could afford to purchase this appeared to make a due impr
that the Reformation had established the principle:of their own opinions to the doctrines of the Apostles.--
.invaluable book. The obligations, therefore, which Divine said, that be email's:A all
-•-. peitabe le ens on the Holy Si:ileums and the (This passage was loudly applauded.) the principles of the Reforniation owed to the art of upon this melancholy wine. Re
filditittsdsa Station of reason to the subject, in op- The Rev. De. NEW MAN proposed the following printing were obvious and indisputable. But cd the ratter of Luther, he observed, t
?Nitro's tb - es however respectable from their Resolution advantages resulting from the facility of disseminat- was distinguished alike for intelk
=7, however venerable by their sanctity, or
ce_',l2sargtkit. is tee. Keener and important object .of thisSieeti'V to
mg knowledge through this great art, every ma, in liation, and prutilersee. Had Lut!
,at this eerier petind, that glorious gefonnatlon
powerful from their .numbers--(Appinuse). ' probable that the thirty year.; VJ
which in 1517 commenced ia.SaxOny .—winch exchanged know- civilized society must be aware. lie recollected an
taken place; for the ieflueate o
• • latety man wee told to " read, mark, leant, and in- fosse for ignorance44* reedoen for oppression—and a purer Cbsis- emphellical observation which he had heard from the
. s• *aridly digest." It was not to the peiton of the Re- ninety for eeaventene-antireristisn and absurd.and conciliatieg iddre:,s would 1
iltuarious Chairman, when some time ago, while die
forme* however respectable they were, that servile. He sentgrattilased the friends of Christianity epee nation was suffering great distress, he had the honour .311-matt
'y. The_4epesnion, ender
homage was due ; it. was their principles which. we the njamhar of Ladies who were present on this OCC2- 114 A be douhted; from itireonducl
of waiting upon his Royal Highness, in order to make
slicitild respect, and follow out to their full ertent:—. sion. ' Voltaire had observed with a sneer, that half a communication as Secretary to the Sussex Bible So- some Reforniets were engaged
Christianity itself was a Reformation ; and it was the Christianity of Europe was owing to the Ladies ; Popish idols at Vtittenburgh : fen
ciety. His Royal Highness then said, that it waspecu-
their duty, as Christians, to. nquire for'themselves but the observation was just; audit would, he trusted, ter sod, and dissuaded his fell
liarly desirable to circulate the Bible, as the s it
till the,keformation itself was. reformed—(App/aurre. continue to bt the proud characteristic of that inter- contained-were so well calculated to reconcile the ting their purpose, telluig thigh,
The Itesoltition leas carried unanimously. esting sex to employ 'its zeal and influence in pro- poor to the patient endurance of the calamities which preach to those people, and *
The Rev. Mr. Boietas rose to propose the sixth moting the cause of Christianity. But the principle they were condemned to suffer—(Applease ). But it toned, they will pull down Ohm
Resoleftion, and eloquently enumerated the diflicul- of the Reformation was peculiarly tabulated n>,,„_“- was the Bible, or the principles of the Reformation .
file spirit which this advice con
ties against which the Reftrmatian'had to struggle. cite their attention and obtain theii• itiPP°rt• if f which were founded upon it, that had raised this na- which he (Mr. Steles; hoped am
_ . - .. l--..1 .1.... —..........14•111V.a..te A;ca-tICCPd_ the ITME ..!__ ..- .L.. 1.:,..1.m-• ...4.-}1 AK* ..naves nnti rksrart . formers would pjvceod, that wh
