-uly
-
Proven Armand and Angell; Solari, Battersea, Surrey, vitriol.
manufacturers, at eleven. July 31, Thomas Andrews, Soho-square,
ti ,at ten. Jody 90, William Hyde, now or late d ilarl.
street. Hlaeblrian, merchant, at twelve.
DIVIDENDS to be made in the COUNTRY.
July 31,11soanas Turner and John Gough, Salford, Lancashiee,
cotton *awn, at three, at White's Hotel, King-street, Manchester.
July 24, a Green, now or late of Upton.upoti- Severn, linendraper, at
eleven, at the office of Mr. Thomas Bird. Jun. solicitor, Upton-upora-
Severn. July 20, Francis Deakin and John Oughton, Deritend
Mills, Deriteod, near Birmingham, wire drawers, at eleven, at the
Royal Hotel, Temple-row, Birmingham. July 25, John Marks,
Brined, tailor, at twelve, at the Commercial-rooms, Bristol. July
20, Thomas Salter, Ildfochemer, and William Pearson, London,
merchants, at eleven, at the Star Inn, Deansgate, Manchester.
July 27, Arabella Taylor and William Taylor, Kingston-upon.
Hull, merchants, at twelve, at the George Inn, Kingston upon. I
Hull. July 21, Elias Jarman, Holcombe Rogue, Devonshire,'
tanner, at eleven, at the Three Tuns Inn, Tiverton Devonshire.
July 26, Joseph Potts, Denton Hall, Nether Drown:Cumberland,
drover, at eleven, at the King's Arms Inn, Carlisle. July 30,
Abner Rangeley, Hayfield, Derbyshire cotton spinner, at three,
at the Warren Buikeley Arms Inn, Stockport, Cheshire. July 20,
James Grant, Barnsley, Yotkthire, grocer, at two, at the Public
Office, Barasley. July 25, Richard Brooke. Walcott, Somerset.
shlre,lirewer, at one, at the White Hart Inn, Bath. July 25,
Thomas Taylor, Oxford, grocer, at four, at the house of Robinson
Bantam, under the Town Had, Oxford. August 4, Jaa. Hague,
Asistsn.under-Line, Lancashire, ironmonger, at nine, at the
White Bear Inn, Manchester. July 24, Edward Melling and
Thomas Hall Higginson, Liverpool, merchants, at twelve, at the
office of Peter Woods, Lord-street, Liverpool. July 21, Philip
Fryer, Manchester, maltster, at three, at the office of Messrs.
Iligson, Bagshaw, and Nissan, solicitors, King-street Manchester.
August 6, Joshua Smith and Adam Unswotth, Manchester, cotton
manufacturers, at ten, at the offices of Messrs. Halstead and Son,
Fountain.street, Manchester. July 21, Daniel Warren, Welling-
ton, Somersetshire, money scrivener, at eleven, at the White Hart
Inn, Wellington. July 27, William Crook, Liverpool, bleacher, at
eleven, at the George Inn, Dale-street, Liverpool. August 2,
John Moon, Manchester, cotton merchant, at one, at the Star Inn,
Manchester. July 2t, Samuel Hohday, Aston, Warwickshire,
muff maker, at eleven, at the Royal Hotel, Birmingham. July
24, James Hinchliff, now or late of Holmfirth, Yorkshire, dryealter,
at nine, at the Court House, Huddersfield, Yorkshire. July SI,
.William Bu'don.le- Moors, Lancashire, plumber and
'lazier, at ten, at White's Hotel, King street Manchester. July
• 21, John Bendy, Blakeny, Gloucestershire shopkeeper, at one, at
the Rummer Tavern, All Sain:s'.lane, Bristol. July 50, Elijah
Slayer and James Keeling, Shelton, Staffordshire, factors, at ten,
at the Eagle Inn, Land End, Staffindshire.

Persons of Colour had risen from 10,000 tolo,ooo, and
Me Blacks to 320,000. A population of thirty thou-
sand persons was certainly deserving of attention
in point of numbers. As to wealth, the aggregate
amount of their prope. ty was 3,000,0001. and there were
four individuals among them whose fortunes altogether
were not less than 700,0001. The people of colour
were, in fact, holders of the greatest part of pimento
plantations in the island, of the coffee-grounds, of one-
third of the houses in towns, and 50,000 slaves. As to
their conduct, it was spoken of in the highest terms by
Mr. Edwards, and since in the Maroon war it had been
so emineatly loyal and useful, that it had procured for.
them the relaxation of several important restrictions;
and alter the last insurrection, or supposed insurrection,
they had received public thanks for their loyalty. As
a proof of this, out of a militia. composed of 10,000
individuals, one-half were people of colour. Being
wealthy, they wanted the po►sibility of attaining that
considerati n to which wealth, education, and abilities
would entitle them in all other lands. They were not
allowed to serve in parish vestries, nor to act even as
constable,. They could bold no office of trust even on
their owl property, nor any commissions in the Black
or Mulatto militia. Trey had no seats in the House of
Assembly, and were disqualified from serving as Ju-
rors. Nay, in those places where all idea of inequality
ought to be at an end—where they prayed with the
Whites to their common Creator, or when mingling
their dust with tf:eir native earth at their funerals, in
churches, and even at the communio.,, at the altar,
still was a complete line of demarcation established
between the people of Colour and the Whites. Yet
whe CAS there had been fifty White men executed in ,50
years, there had been only four pers ms of Colour.—
This line of demarcation was partly the result of law►,
and partly that of manners,' which aggravated the evil,
and rendered it more difficult of cure. It was in f .ct
a singular illustration of the miseries cf a system of
slavery, that they not r.nly pressed on its immediate
,victims, but entailed contagion to alt within its reach.

he
Brazilian
Loudon,
purchase

svis,
assessed
his

hardships which took place in Ireland, where premises -e enter-
ed by Excise officers with pistols; and also alluded to a third case,
where a respectable individual was put to an expense of 460 for Ss.
worth of cigars.
Sir E. WILSON bore testimony to the respectability of the Po-
dtioner, end complained of the great hardship of the case.
Mr. C. CALVERT said, that a distinction ought to be drawn
between an honest man and a mine. The Petitioner here was a
mom respectable man ;be had been in business fifty years—he paid
440,000 a year to the Excise; and now his character was impugned
hr an unintentional error respecting 460 or 470 worth of tobicco.
There were Excise Laws for Brewers as well as others, which be
(11r. C.) could not obey. Foe instance, by law, he was bound to
carry every pipe from one set of premises to another above ground;
but by the Cit Laws, he was not allowed to move a pipe unless
under ground. Mow was hem obey both t He told his Hon. Prieod
to his face that be did not ant maid not obey those Enloe Laws.
After a few words from Mr. Massucs,the !edam was read, and
ordered to be printed. •

i ...--
00 • . . •
t ... 1 .
i f
.? ', •
' 1
t' '!
r
P.- - ._ 't 4.. j- .-- - FRENCH PAPERS. ifet instead of being indignant at greater progtess not (M
, • , ' FROM THE LONDON GAZETTiIs-,JUNE 49. . -.....-- having been made to improve their conditioo, they tin
ISOM TB* noutTava OP WZONSSDAY, JUNE rt. ought to be grateful for the steps which had beta ter
i i • WHITRHALL, Jima 2s.
111010.021410 II PASS.
PARIS, Joss 26. taken-•-steps which had enabled them for the first time It 4
The King has been pl.ased to order a Conge d'Elire to pass the
to appear before their Lordships, more respectable in Ls
I ', Great Seal, empowering the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Ou the 11th Jane, in the se.
morns his Majesty's
point pf numbers and wealsh, and
.had affarJed them ch
1.1 Church of Rochester to elect a Bishop of that See, void by the
death of Doctor Walker King, late Bishop thereof anti his Ma- _
schooner La Torche, Captain Faure, having, arrived at
opportunities of provrog the erten' of their good conduct. br
jests has been pleased to recommend the Hoe. sad Rev. Hugh Algiers, delivered to M. Deval, the French Consul-
Percy. DoctorF ei n
is Divinity, to be elected by the said Dean and General, the instructions of the Minister for or E He should now probably be asked for what purpose he Ti
had brought forward the Petition! whether he meant hi
I Chapter. Bishop of the said See. Affairs. M. Dural immediately came on board a
to prorse a measure himself, or knew of such an intea- hi
The King has been pleased to recommend to the Dean and Chap-
ter of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, the Right Rev. Torche ; by his orders the Ministers of the Consulate
Lion in others, and of the nature of the intended prop). he
sitions ? At that period of the Session it would be pre- m
• Father in GOD Robert James Bishop of Chichester, to be by them and the French subj -ct.s left Algiers to embark on board 1
stetted into the place of Canon Residentiary of the said Cathedral a Fre ch brig which joined the schooner, on board of
postetous to make any attempt of the kind, and when. a;
which was the Consul.
Church, the same being vacant by the resignation of the Hon. and ever made he trusted it would be by abler hands than H
Res. Doctor Gerald Valerian Wlksley. M. Duval having conferred with Captain Collet, who
his, more acquainted with the difficulties of the case and M
The King has also been phased to order a letter to be direectedd
the means of surmoun(ing them. The consideration of R
i to the Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, recomm n - commands. the squadron sent to Algiers, agreed with
of
Ing unto them the Rev. lidwanl Mellish, Clerk, to be chosen into him in the measures to be taken to obtain reparation . inadequacy.as_ however, was not sufficient to prevent IC
the Dey. A Note was drawn up :it demanded, that a himh.
from presenting the Petition. Its object was one Ii
the place of Dean of the said Cathedral Church, the .amt being
void by the resignation of the Right Rev. Father in Goo u t deputation with the Vekel-barge (Minister of Foreign
which, at one time or other, ought to be granted; and 4
Jamss Lord lkshop of Chichester.
BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED. Affairs and of the Marine) at its head, should come on
it only could do good to the Petitioners to know that 4
and ak
Commander of the Expedition m e
board to the
Thomas Smith, Kennlngton.lane, Lambeth, Surrey, ironmonger.their claims had been heard by Parliament, and that their 11
John Manniagoate of Kinrton.upon-Thames, Surrey, cloth-manu- ao apology to the Consul-General, for the conduct of
degraded race had been considered by the Peers RI it
facturer.
BANKRUPTS. the Dey towards him; that the French colours should
be displayed on the forts of Algiers, and be saluted by
Stephen Beuxeville, of Henley-upon-Thames, Oxfordshire, of Hal- . .. . Britain as their brethren.
b
Lord ELLENBOROUGH admitted that there were b
..
sted and Braintree, Essex sad of Basinghallorreet, London, a discharge of 100 guns; otherwise hostilities would
snme individuals
.in that class as able to fill any shoe- b
r silk-manufacturer, to surrender, July 3, at nine, 17, at ten, and commence. This Note was presented to the Day by the
hoe in the State as any of ,
their Lordships • but he was 1
August 10, at nine, at the Court of Commissioners of Bank- Consul Of Sardinia at Algiers. The satisfaction demanded
"ins' Bui2gbal"treet* Attorney' Mr. "sr' nnsburi-circ" not havin beengiven within the twenty-four hours, the informed that the lower part were in such a condition, p
William Donald, Brighthelmstone, Sasses, furrier, July 6,15, and II t as to be unfit for the enjoyment of civil rights. The i
I,t August 10, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners of Bankrupu, negotiations ate broken off. The Vulcan corvette wen
Noble Lord then stated that his sentiments when he had a
Basinghall-street. Attorney, Mr. Maned:, Southampton-street, to take on board his Majesty's Viee.Consuls at Bona
litoomsbarractare. and at Fort la Calle, as well as the French subjects set- addressed the House on that subject last year, had been t
Charles FkM, Cachournertrest, Lakestet-oquare, hosier, July 13, misrepresented, which had created feelings amongst the t
li. . 4 .1;tied on that coast.
"i 1 1. Walther's*.
shire, clothiers, August 11, at two, 9, and In, at cloves:, at the Algiers. The Corsairs, shut op in the port, can do no
/EOM Tilt ;TOILE 01 JUNE 28. had been excited, but which if his words had been tor- I
Lord SEAFORD bore testimony to the good conduct I
Bl7:nasnide
pss, Augustßasin Igoban, atzreeeivt.e ,AattsothreueTC,outirrt. ofis.Comcispeamissiteronsseershbof,
On the 16th of J•sne the French squadron was before owners of Slaves in the West Indies, which he regretted 1
rectly given, would never had broken forth. 1
John Beadey and Samuel Cole, Wotton-under-Edge. Gloucester.
i . injury to our commerce.
and character of the Petitioners, but thought that it i
,1,
I , Beaufort Arms Inn Petty France, Gloucestershire. Atomise. PARIS, Jima 27.
News. Da: and Co.: Holborn court, Gray's Inn; or Messrs.
Three weeks ago, the Greek Committee at Paris sent would be a matter of prudence and good po icy, not to
Tetbury, Gloucestershire.
1 . John Ilkley, [fumy, Yorkshire, grocer and medially, July ts,lll, 50,000 francs to the Committee of Supply at Naples; take the amelioration of their condition, out of the hands ;
and August 10, at ten, at the Corrivation Ann's R"dngt°l3- composed of Messrs. Bidly, Heidegger, and Keno; of those who had hitherto legislated foe the Colonies, •
I t ' bridge, Yorkshire. Attornies, Mr. Joseph Knowles, New Inn;
I, .t end it has now put in another sum of 30,000 francs, and whose disposition towards them was growing every
or Mr. William Broughton, Bawuy. of which 20,000 are furnished by the Committee of day more favourable. He trusted that the notice taken
,rl' i .. ' ' Isaac Abtaham, Stewart-street, 4 ,
U t Bish temerchant,
July a, 17, and August 10, at ten, at the Court of Commis. Paris, and 10,603 by the Committees of Genoa and of the Petitioners by their Lordships would operate as a
1 • stoners of Bankrupts, liasinghall.street. Attorney, Mr. C. Lewis, Germany. This relief, added to that which has lately stimulus to the Colonial Legislatures to take in hand the
' I
I , , Bernard-street, Russell-square. been sent by Captain Maillet, will be but a feeble as- revision of the law.
'1 ' Fdward Wickham, Islington-green, apothecary, July 3, at two.lo. .
1 0, , at one, and August 10, at two, at the Court of Commissioner. a ',stance against such great distresses. It is all that that Lord CALTHORPE did not confide so much in the
' . wisdom of tbose Legislatures as to leave the i • -
Committee has to dispose of, whose means are so small mpro e
Bankrupts, Basinghall.nreet. Attornies, Mr. Hunt, Craven.
i street. &rand; era Mr. Topping, Maidstase, Kent. compared with the wants of unhappy Greece. tnent of the free mixed population entirely to their
• ,
k r July 3, at eleven, 10, at nine, and August 10, at ten, at the Court „ .INUORD.
4 I
1
. Peter Edward Stroehling, Stratfortl.place, Oxford-street, artist,
et Commissiooen of auskrupts, Basingliali.street. Attorney, °Milian s
The Committee has lent some assistance also to the hands. The Petition was then read
s who may be, 1 th first b
expect to as usua , e o • and laid on the table.
,The Earl of CARBERRY wished to know whether the Re-
. .' ' tr Na. Maser, New lan. ject of the attack of the Ottoman *et. M. Fabvier, melte die Cemanissiesers fee Roqtdry into the State of Educatin
. ' Jaws Wiawood Coster, Prisms-amt. Spitallleids, dryealaw.July who has dissfaassisbed himself in the defence of that hareind osold be predoced before the close of the Station?
I ;
: 1 a. io, 511 ti ANSON tO, at rlll6. at the Coen of Omunissieners of jewortast island,-
Bankrupts, Basinghall-srzett. Attorney, Mr. Anseffeng, O.
it, notwithsteodin
and who has not hesitated to Wan to The lihriels of LANSDOWN said, diet they bad been delayed
deo hr • the Moots, ludrbegg4opsimma if printing, and that whoa ready they could be
g the ora e ergots us
' ... i
iti ~, .lobes Attar', Clerkeawell
Yank Dateable, Church -street, Illackney. chemit. Jails, le, at wag the bearer of this relief.
eleven, and August tO, at twelve. at the Court el Commissionen ..„ , ...,,,__________ane m the Noble Lords at their ewe residences, though the
Smelts should be dosed.
The Maria of LANSDOWN presented a Petition from the
-v of Bankrupts, Basinghallesreet. Attorney, Mr. MO Evan% ' IMPERIAL PALIAAMENT. Cisember of Commerce of Manchester, regretting the loss of the
.0 1
, , Gny's Inweieare. -..w....- Ono Mk end preying that the present kin might be paused tato a
1 1 George Drew, Man chewer, grocer, Jay iiii, M. and Anna 10. at
taw, at the Star Use, Massehester. Ausraies, Messrs. Rah and • HOOKS 01 LORD& Jeers
anesseasonemou 10. --••'-' Ime.....Ledd on the table.
MUUMUU Maltalssital.
i'. CO. aniecery.lisee; or Mr. Harris, Maothester. eal ad al lIXA linkTirmaaafed a Palidall Sim ear- no Herm& of LANSDOWN moved the brioginettp of the
,
/bonsai Pharaoh. Be fiserey. Cannes, Surrey, tehe PROW far the mowed a the restsiedm laws or Rupees eke Unitaran Mauler Bill, in order that a Noble and
,
1 •nd at Possices•ead, Middlesex. ear oiler. July 10. IT. sal a Viiiii thviiiitlierushbour in the United Zinphoo. . LeseThad Lem swum make kik aka weweaweete of hiek had
w he
1 ,
August 10, et ohne. at the Court ef Cimembsinsen of Dia& Mr.' Caa the Timmy, peenrosd so mews at the Om sake,
eves ibeeekseweeee. Ansessoy, Kr., Talkineer, lieraiend• Sums ilee led of the anon% of the salad nowolma- Re- The LORD CHIRP JUSTICE thee wed some amend-
wratiponomt. tone el the ExpaniMee hinisead by the Clieledsdelsels kr build- mew, meek were agreed to.
Prier. Ewan. Classeeseeneins. himeher,./ely le, m tee ceterdwe. me gleam eteeteiti Attests ey tee symedeme 0. die
motion
st, the Marquis
of
Lansaw _
Bill
• IS, the was ordered
4 • * Ike. i 7, and Almost 10, et ten. at dor lief Pole Lik Tewken. neseerwere abeemeweeneg see we -• to be reads third dme this iWfortnight.
hwy. Amnia. Mesas. Jenkins and Co. New Ist ;sr lb. --tie yew Wad* ' - Wei illigairri Ord
t ° ' - The Eitel eatal iTureiramlall a =all Man mein the antiosemu of a large body of the Clergy in the neigh.
James abesiall 'ad Thew Benison, Banal. anseb•bollienaidl the tows sir MAW lba aches NA dm
~
.. .
1 !4t
1
• 'rook. Tangshan.
7, to, and Ansa 10. at me, at the Swam Too, Bristol- Attire- ... -, es oak& be been ed to have said beim rerthilrga
me.. }lr. W lama Jooss,Creepoquaret or Mr. Robert Sande- .. reading if the Werehiwil Bill yesterday, that the passing of Patilsbeeeeteee deer
'!be Ham of CHESTER said that he bad received a Utter ex.
boorbeedel she Metropolis, saying that they had no objection to
the banes and register the marriages of Dissenters under the
were exempted from the painful necessity of
s . ita tau*. • that Wien week kwee the price el Olds frem tee to Shams rienwee eke emu,.
' 1 .'
, ..
, ea. abliesta 11, bed
Thomas Jolts , Slb.myStielegy, Sal' dealer to IhitialSJpsiekba. Wei* the main of same lasotioned that ae
r." 19 Will A.P6' 10, /0. Agin. at the '' Una albs Meet etreenau advocates el the menson, hot sec his owe.-
- s'.
etas ----- Attorsies. Mr. Maaneine Fester,AOSTo3ll.
On the motion of Lord Beam the Cadmus Bid was read a
;aflses be 'beau of it, he 'WI be wry to ascribe to it suck as twee dew sad • '
peased.-Adjourned.
q:i i ,i4 -41it...;;--'::--..- hlr. F. Jeyie, Chencemdeoe.
'. 1i? ' o.
. DWI.* RATIONS Off INSOLVENCY. maritime be was carrineed that it weedd wet base ben
nosed by a majority et their loniatps, if they had Mem* it cake-
Josepb Chao. bee el Glossop. Derbyshire,aandler. is In besideent Wed 54 enders ouch am dent. . HOUSE OF COMMONS.
... ..panoonewso. sari is amble so meet Ms alipmemnis eikh Ms • ' At Ifiese 'Week the Senna took the Malt.
. mew oat Ma Owes brought cep the Report er the Commisetooers of
f 1 . . enolllers...llllad Janis. • The Bad of FALSKICITH wed fee Rennes of the of
et
f "
il - .
Jelbeeidaseing.late efilidlised,in the taw, at lemassear, bat sew =ore fagots* trim teeth Amides is teie
1 . ,i 0 Cbmkaa Row, in the said comp, grope and towdosier, hha . oad ar=deAccount of Westminster Bridge was brought up
• ' •I: 1 far separation **hoot pewit of dudes. * anti rood.
t biI&INAK draunstances. and is viable to meet Ms magemonnes tam se lane, lii27 ; sad else for the Its of Orefrall&ir . aaa Mr. PLA NTA moved fora new Writ f
kk.
I"' •' r • with Ms creditors- Filed Jun M. .
Jobs Smith and James Nicholson, both of Chapel Anew, is the peepoirea-cotrieret,
the Waseboaasto be masked. and that of Copper Minna fee La* the we of Lord Graves. who bad accepted (emboli la the Coot
perish el Leeds, Yorkshire, stone merchants, are la insolent mission of Excise; and a new Writ for the County of Kerry, in
1 .0 Ft ~ eireuessunces. and are unable to meet [trait esigagensents withPllolLl Or CoLOUst. the room of Mr. M. Fitzgerald, who had accepted the office °few
11' '. their creditors-FUed Juse u. The Earl HARROWBYheId Petition'
of a ;cm the of the Cumaltethmete of the Treasury.
,I 1 ' .4, DIVIDEN DS to be made in BASI NG H ALL-STREET. Free People of Colour in Jamaica, which he would ALAVA TOODI.
..:, i, .
1 July to, Samuel Barker and Joshua Gilpin Barker, lilliter. have allowed to speak for itself, had it not beep the first a Mr.
W. NOR TON presented a Petition from the Inhabitants
the Looehelies Islands against the aspersions which bad been cast
mean, merchants, at eleven. July 20, William. Lasky nil Jacob time that the Petitioners had approached their Lord- them for favouring the Slave Trade.
If /. lwo. Davey, Grove, Great Guildford-street, Surrey, eminsers. at ships' House. He should
ten. July 20, William Leader, Wells-aseeet,Oxford-otruse. and or -•
Oitortietreet,coadmaker 4S tun. July 20. James Bader. Richard
.therefore claim indulgence
whilst he attempted to explain as briefly as possible the Dr. LUSH! NGTON said. that in the ensuing Seed= he
should mese for an Inquiry into the Camden of the Brazilian
Mining Company, mu/biting of Merchants resident in London
%tiff, and 'teem Bader. Austin pna„, merchant., it e„,. present situation of the Petitioners, and what it was
. that had purchased 700 slaves, sad bad sent out orders to purchase
i ~, , , Jely 20. John Panama, Bridgoacreer, Blatkfriars, inotneneut,es they asked. They were entitled to attention on accosllll 720 mere,
Amen July 27 Tb
• . tams Palter. Macclesfield. Cheshire. 'silk- of their numbers, their wealthand • in contempt of the acme of the Legislature.
their good valittes, RESINOUS EOLKININI.
Utanutaetuter, *velem°. July 10, Thos. Worrell, Hoop Tavern, the tenine„,te terms,
Park.strest, Hamm r.squara, hotel k . at eleven, July 27, ---r --
--
and respectful language of their Mr. SPRING RICE presented a Petition from the Catholics et
I ' John 'fill, Basinghall-street, wooiindraper, at eleven. July 24, Petition and the moderate nature of their reqoests.- Ireland, praying for the Repeelof the Test and Corporation Acts.
i ' r • George Puminter, Earl-street, Biackfriars, and of Palace Wheal,NCß or All testa; OF A
They were the offspring of White and Black people Culi
- ric a.
; Lambeth, Surrey, coal merchant, at eleven. July ile, Thos. Ear,k V . C. CALVERT presented a Petition from a Mr. Davis,
, I' 11; 'lnd formed a mixed breed. The
II liri!
1i • late of the Strand, Sr. St. Clement Danes, boot and shoemaker, at the •
twelve. August 2, Joseph &Airy, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's- time of Mr. Edwards, the historian of Jamaica, high of a quantity of beer, by taking advuitage of an error in his
M HENRIES defended •
the Excise, and stated that the error
, inn•Selds, dealer, at one. Nov. 9, Charles Carter, Uzbridge, linen- amounted to SO,OOO ; the Blacks. to 240,000,und the account.
i ‘i
1 draper, at eleven. August 3, Elizabeth Leigh and Edward Leigh, Mixed Bleed to 10,000. But since that period the hadr
:i ti Claiddingstooe. Kent, farmers, at twelve. July9o arisen from the mistakes of Mr. Solomon Davis himself.
n..... ... •,,,......a soot Aneale. •
es_ Hattersea. Surrey- vitriol. P........../ r.5t.... 1...4 .: ... r.,,... in rws to/U1 NIA hardships whichtook 1a...

1,... I
. , 1
. '
4
i
1'
~.1
10
ill
...T. :,. 111:1
. .
o,
, ,
,
. .I ',.
. 1
1.l1..• ~.
• ..
• I ,
, ff i'
tl
-1,
° . ..
:'
; • ~
••..1,
