ANTWERP. JANUARY s.

It is positively affirmed that. the Custom-house of
this :icy has just received orders, provisionslly, to
suspend the deliverance of licenses for the exports-
don of torn. Will the partisans of the unlimited li-
berty of commerce at length take pity on the sutfer-
ings of the indigeo; class, which has been too long
sacrificed to the shameful -speculations of some indi-
viduals The Mayor of this city has just made a n
appeal to the generosity of the people of Antwerp
in favour of the indigent, who are on the point of
Icing tedueed to dm greatest thaws, as the means
hitherto employed for their support, are beginning to
fail.
BRUSSELS. JANUARY 9.

The following circumstance has been sated in se.
veral of our public journals, and excites no small
•degree of alarm. Are we still to be priest-ridden?
Are Ecclesiastics to be suffered with impunity thus
to counteract our civil institutions, and set up an in-
Buenas subversive of the constitution of the ccuntry?
a M. de Wargny, a Knight of the Belgic Lion,
finiting his last hour approach, sent for an ecclesias_
tic, who refused to give him absolution, if he did not
retract the oath which be took as Member of the
States-General, because this oath had been formally
declared contrary to Religion by the Bishops of
Belgium. Two. Notaries were immediately sent
for, before whom he retracted and abjured the oath
which he bad taken a year before, begging them to'
make this act as public as possible, and at the same
time bequeathing to the poor the 7000 francs which
he had received till that time from the Government,
as the salary of his place." 1

GHENT, JAVIARY t t.
ealur MARKIT. crto increases in a most
toning 111/1114a• May it elect a Ministerial con-

f.
'version. Wheat has been sold to-day at CA
and a half, and Rye at 16 florins I and by e-,
all was bought sp.
, The distress so deplorable among us, is
France a disastrous and threatening prokrts..
ral Departments have requested a ditninutit.n 0.
' number of foreign troops. The situ item t.l F 1.:•
is such, that the rigorous execution of the last Tie,,
would plunge that unhappy country into the extrer
of distress. An inflexible enforcement of it we,;:
be a real act of hostility, and might be the came
a new conflagration.
The Swiss nation has pursued, amidst the Reber]
corruption, a simplicity of manners which is prrha
not to be found any white else, except in the rr• •
tains of Wales, Scotland, and Albania ; yet this LI, • .
not hinder this republican nation from srllitt,
tee;:
year thousands of its subjects, who go to all conre•s
of Europe to fight against the first that present; lira,
self, for so much per day.
In the last war in Spain, the Swiss Regimcnti;n
the service of France and of Ferdinand VE. Atm
fought either for glory or for p.ty. .Vo men,y
is a current proverb. For the rest wn will not decide
whether that nation is the most to he pitied which is
obliged to sell itself, or that which is forced to bet
defenders ?

Oar Readers will observe a notice which we have
inserted in our Naval Column, of a vessel belong'll
to Embden having been captured by a Trip Ii rover,
and of the summary punishment which the BasitAw
inflicted on the pirate, on his carrying his prize into
Tripoli. Such prompt and exemplary satisfaction,
we think, affords a strong assurance of the sincerity
of the Barbaresque Powers in the engagements they
have come under with this and other Christian States.
And it gives us pleasure to observe, from aaoths
article from Trieste, of the 2Sd ult. also inserted is
our Columns of to-day, that the Poeta has added
all the weight of its supreme authority to thew ea-
gagements, by Firmans addressed to all the !him
Regencies, most peremptorily enjoining them to re-
spect the Flags of all those Powers with which the
Poor: is at Peace.

The QUIEN is recovering from her indispositinr,
but has not been out yet, owing to the severity of tke
weather.

Oa Saturday night, at nine o'clock, his Imperil
Highness the Grand Duke NICHOLAS arrived in tntm
from Oxford. Yesterday morning his Imperial High-
ness attended Divine Service at the Russian Ciapri,
in Welbeck-strect.

Yesterday the Archbishop of CanTeanuav, and
number of the Nobility and Gentry, attended Divae
Service.at,the Chapel Royal, St..T.lmes's Palace, and
beard a sermon by the Rev. Mr. li7hano.
The Bishop of SALISIOUPY gave a brand concern
and ball at MI Palace, on Tlesday night last, to cne
hundred and forty of tne most distinguished per,:: s
in the neighbourhood, firming the :grip d'eil of beaqty
and fashion.

From the important Report of the Committa cf
the House of Commons, respecting Roman
lies, it appears that no Ear Ipean natiGn, either C. -
tholic or Protestant, has permitted the Pon to c.c.-
cise an exclusive power in :he choice of Biihapi;
and that the cot:trout over the ..erarchy has cd--
standy been exercised by the Sovereign Yo•.vrt
enchaining).

Thursday the Marquis of STAFFORD entered :Ira
his 60th year, and the day was, as usual, comaito,
rated by a merry peal in NCWCAS:Ie.
The Marquis of ANGLESEY has given notice to !.:s
tenants at Burton-on-Trent, of a reduction in tht.r
rents of 20 per cent. to commence neat rent-day.
The floods are so much reduced in the neighimnr-
hood of Windsor and Eton, that the inhabitants ate
again able to occupy their lower apartments,
the waters are still very much on the land adjoining
the Thames.

The steam engine sent from this country, to he
used for clearing the mines in Peru of water, has suc-
ceeded to the utmost expectatton, and is considered
by the South Americans as a mho: miracle.
It has been incorrectly stated in a Morning Parr
that the appointment of Alright Hai Ginger is rer :
This is one of the useless appointments recommendsd
' by Mr. BURKS to be abolished; but Mr. RYCSOfT
has enjoyed it for many years. At the Pavilion, en
Saturday se'nnight. after dinner, Mr. Rvottort, rn
the course of conversation, said that he enjoyed a
Knight's appointment without the honour of Knii;!e-
hood, and that he WAS a placeman without profit,
the tees were irregular. Part of this observation :•i5
Royal Highness happened to overhear, and asked
what Mr. Ruitorr bad said about Knigiithoodi The
words wete repeateJ to the PHINce, v.lier, his Ro)al
Highness said aeltvcnerv, you shall no longer-1w -
to complain of wanting the bruirr of knighthn3a ;"
and turning to Major Losarricti, said Major,
me your sword." In an islsta:A he COsierreJ
honour of knighthood un the astonished and grateiel
Sir McNair RYCROFT. Fortunately Sir Geortv;
NAYLOR was present, and hi- t .ok note of the cere-
mony towards its registration ; consequently the ),Is
of knighthood will be paid, whatever may be hecume
of the tees of Kid,* lia4inger !
The following account of what were the duties of
this officer, extracted from the" Booke of Hoirseho'd
of Queen Elizabeth," will thew, that they are the las.,
which could be serviceable to out venerable Aiveteigl
in his present condition :
• " HERSlNOElt.—Gintlemati. He !nth z yeare, c^d ;el!
a day boarde wages, and Cs. 4d. a day, while he la clak:rg h, t.r
gage; be and kb fellows the fours yeomen are to provi,l4:7
off as )10qt:raja& remove:, all the Queen's men, an tom —, L.,;.e.
i
and eilefe officers needhd men, nctesbary lodgeing, is they tot
lodged .in the Cotirt."

HUNTING.
The Hampshire Hunt meet to-morrow at I%Thttirrly Coil
Minds,. at Prestos Oakkills ; Siturday, at Snalthcr's Baru, a
ten o'clock each day.
The Hambledon Hounds meet on Wednesday at 11's,.nt,•en
Windmill; Friday, at Milburrow. at ten o'clock each da7.
Sir Henry Crewe's Fos Hosuids will meet on flacrm'aF,
Lockington, at ten.
Mr. Mcynell's Fos Hounds will meet 04 Tll:4odzy, tt Ntiv-
ton VilLisas at bill-Pat tat.

Itt

'i:SS:.

every eiwility sad attention that mild be expected.
Sir C. PaNam was with his squadron at &film ex-
cepting the Erge,. 2(), Ceram R. Sri:watt, which
ship was at Gibraltar. 'The Ister was at that port
on the 29th ultim.). Ske brought a freight of dollars
for merchants in London.

The Primrose sloop of war, Captain PHiLLOTT,
which arrived on Monday from Jamaica and the
Havannah), with it freight of one million of dollars
for British merchants, sailed from Port Royal on
the llth November, and the Havannah the 2tl D.
cember. Perfect tranquillity reigned at Jamaica,
and the squadron on the station were particularly
healthy. The Princess Mary packet was to sail on
the 22d of November. The loss of the Briseis, Cap-
tain Domerr, was attributed to her being driven by
the currents on the eastern part of the Collerado:
there was but little probability of her being got off.
Mr. LAHMOUR, Purser of the Esk, had been tried by
a Court Martial at Port Royal tor improper conduct,
and sentenced to be dismissed the service and impri-
soned in the Marshalsea Prison. Lieutenant Mootte,
of the Rifleman, had also been dismissed from the
service and Lieutenant A. M. WILLIAmsuN dismissed
from his ship, both for ungentlemanly conduct. The
Boatswain of the Bermuda had been broke for drun-
kenness and contempt to his superior Officer. The
Primrose is ordered to be surveyed : if found in s ti
state, she will return to the station, leaving been fi nl.l
oet on the peace establishment. In the mean time,
the Duver is ordered to be commissioned at Sheer-
ness, and fitted out for the Tamaica s:ation, in the
place of the Primrose.
Friday a pilot boat arrived at South impton, with
Colonel and Mrs. FAGAN, and Mr. and Mrs. Eas-ros,
passengers from Bombay. They cams home in the
Asia—left Bombay the 11th of SlptionSer.
By Offir.

y .racial Dacum:nt; 'et:civet! from Ceylon, we
'earn with extreme pleasure, that the respectable plan-
ters of that island, Dutch and others, have adopted,
at the suggestion of the Clii4Justice, S:r AMMAN-
DIM JOHNSON, some judicious regulations for the
gradual abolition of slavery. They state that it is
their earnest desire to disencumber themselves of the
unnatural character of king proprietors of human
beings ; but add, that circumstances will not permit
a sudden and total abolition of Slavery, without sub-
jecting both the proprietors and the slaves themselves
to material and serious injury. 1-Lnce the plan that
they have adopted is, that all children burn of slaves
alter the llth of August last, shall be considered
free, but shall remain in their master's house, and
serve him for their board, lodgii.g, and clothing, the
males till the age of 14, and the females till t►..tt of
12, after which they shall be wholly emancipated ;
and in order to. prevent any fraud to the prejudice of
these free-born children, a Register of births and
deaths shall be kept in every district, asid quarterly
returns shall be made of it to the Chief Secrestary.—
The proceedings on this occasicn are such as do the
greatest honour both to the Chief Justice, to the 64
Special Jurymen who agreed to his suggestions, and
to the other inhab;tants, of all persuasions and casts,
who acceded to the Resolutions.

Mr. PLATT, we are sorry to learn, is making but
slow Fr egress towards recovery ; the wound still dis-
charges very much, and has nn appearance of healing.
It is feared by the surgeoas that some of the waddiag
is in the wound ; the seat of the ball is not ye: ascer-
tained. He sits up a few hours every day ; but he
is not able to walk about farther than from his bed to
the chair or window. He is otherwise in good bo•
dily health.
Last week, a man named Yates, who has resided
in Gosport for several years, where he obtained a
livelihood as a bairowrnan, and by selling provisioas
iu small quantities to the ships in ordinary, was up-
pt eliended by some Police Officers, and conveyed
mediately to London, charged on oath with being
one of t►te murderers of Lieutenant Jottasos, R.N.
in the Kent road, about eight years ago.
On the 23J ult. was distrikuted to the poor of ,
Holcombe, Sarni rset, Colonel and Mrs. Kmarcii-1
at:s.t.'s annuli bounty of a fat bullock ; a custom
which has been observed bs tins benevolent family
for above half a century.
A most awful occurrence happened on Saturday,
the '2lc oh. at one ot the slate quarries (Clogwri y
Gaglraii) belonging to Tun JAS Asnecnis SMITH,
Esq. near Lanberties„ Carnarvonshire. Some men.
slu►ig by ropes, and working over an. immense pre.
eipiee, which is a common practice to those works,
having loosened a large trago►ent of a rock, it unfor-,
tun ttely gave way, and fell so suddenly. that before
they had scarcely time to give the usual signal to
those below...this immense mass crushed two young
men to death.

DESTRUCTION or THE EXTENSIVE COLUMN: AT
CIIIIII„ IN DENSIGHSHIRE. On Saturday evening,
the 2Sth ult. owing, as it is supposed, to inattention
in the servants of the Ellesmere Canal Company, the
stop gates, plugs, &c. for regulating the quantity of
water on that part of the Canal which is embanked
up to Cliiik aqueduct, were neglected ; the fatal
consequence was, that the embankment being over-
poweied by the great weight of superfluous water,
gave way, and falling down a precipice, completely
dammed up the river Ceriug, which flows below it,
and over which the Canal is continued by an aque-
duct. The water being thus impeded, quickly found
istl way in another direction, and in half an hour
every pit belonging to the Colliery was filled with
water, earth, gravel, &c. The machinery was torn
in pieces by the tremendous force of the current, and
'very considerable damage done to the surrounding
country. Had it not been for the jadicicios and
'timely interference of Mr. Edward Davies, engineer
to the Chirk Colliery, in stopping the wickets, or
stop-gates of the Canal, the whole of its water, in-
.-eased by the overflowing of the Dee riser, which is
received by a feeder into the Canal, must have swept
away Chirk Mills. and every thing in.the valley, into
one general destruction. Most preillielitikily this
was the only Right in which, for yeti* past,
'the workmen were absent from the pits.. They had
been allowed a littie time to collect Christmas boun-
ties, &c. and thus this dreadful calamity is not ag-
gravated by the loss of so many valuable lives as
must have been otherwise inevitably•sacrificed. All
the horses employed in the works were instantly
drowned. The immediate loss to the proprietors of
the works is immense, and the destruction of so WA-
feeble a colliery, which has for a long series of years,
produced furl fur the country and employment fee its
pour, is, as a public calamity, irretrievable.

THE ARMY.
arlty afterneeen about 200 men of the Ist and
bons Rifle Brigade, embarked at Dover on
er transports. for Calais.
es erday morning the Royal Horse Guards'
.shed Irons the cavalry barracks, Windsor, to the
hirracks, and heard Divine Service performed by
Rrv. M. Roe=
Wednesday part of the 58th regiment arrived at
bany Depot, Isle of Wight, from Ireland.
Thundav the 101st Regiment, recently returned
em Jamaica, marched from Hasler Barracks for
elsea. The regiment, on its arrival in England,
A. situ hut has been reduced to about 120,
v cering into other corps. Most of the re-
aming men are tar advanced in years, and will
obahly be placed on the list of Chelsea Pensioners,
r their length of service.
It is intended to reduce about 18 second Battalions
the Army, all the supernumerary Captains of first
attations on the recruiting service, the office of
gent-G neral, and several situations in the Ac.
,oroant Department in the War-Otfice.
Tr a tullowlng Regiments are to be reduced with-
o !oss of time :—the 104th regiment ; the 2d batta.
pe of the 43.1 regiment ; the 2d battalion of the
.1h; and all the eleventh Captains, except those be-
ging to regiments in the East and West Indies.
,v/11/.1/. INIELLIGENCE.
MAILS—ARR. DUI. I ARR. DOR.
Min - - .1 1 France . 1 0
.ItTrford - - 5 1 Handler& - 0 S
weeny and Jersey 0 1 I Gortenbursh -- 0 2
iibon . - 0 0 Flanders - . 1 0
.find . - 2 1 Malta - - - 0 0
FALMOU I H, JANUARY to.
Arrived the Active, Ho.sices. and Pyrennees, LIMN,
YE London. Sailed the Hope, BRADFIELD, for
tporto.—Wind E.
PLYMOUTH, JANUARY 11.
Came in the William, SQUIRE, from Ynughall for
nuthampton; Recovery, and Kitty, from London
r Sr. Michael's. Sailed the Louisa, YOUNG, for
myrn3 ; awl Robert Fuge, BRUCE, for Jamaica.
PORTSMOUTH, JANUARY 12.
Arrived his Majesty's ships PROMETHEUS and Tlr-
bei, from a cruize. Sailed the Governor Strong,
,:ore, far China. Put in here the Christian August,
ROOM, from Norway,
,with loss of bowsprit and
its—she was obliged to throw part of her cargo
rtaboard in a gale on the 4th inst. in the Channel,
nd has been ever since endeavouring to get into port,
wing to her crippled state.—Wind N.W.
DOVER, JANUARY 12.
Arrived this afternoon the Ant, Capta:P BARNETT,
ith Lord COMBERNIERZ, from Calais. Sailed this
lternoon the King George Packet, Captain KING,
•ith the French mail; and the Princess Chaalotte,
Eptaiu HALLANDS, with that for Ostend.
DEAL, JANUARY 12.
Arrived and sailed for Rio Janeiro the Comet,
.EAULEV, from Hull. Arrived and remains the
n, Roxacithir, from Leith for Teneriffe.
SHEERNESS, JANUARY
Arrived the Abeona and Berwick transports, from
io Janeiro, with timber, and have proceeded to
:ahem to discharge.
GRAVESEND, IMMAItY i 2.
Arrived the Fame, Hearn, from Lisbon ; Bro-
en, ALDERSON, !roar St. Michael's; Aboyne, Les-
tz, from Palermo, Active, TnEnanraeto, from Ma.l
ga ; and nniA, DUNKIN. from the Canary
Sailed the Industry, VARRELL, for Naples ;
rottiers, Warm, for Cadiz; Minstrel, BnisTow,
India; PIICCRiE, DONALD, for Calcutta ; John
homes, Gontion, for Waterford; and George 111.
'rota, for Jamaica.
HARWICH, JANUARY 11.
Arrived the Auckland and Henry Erecting Packets,
om Holland, both with Mails.
NORM SHIELDS, JANUARY Ith
The Telemachus, PamisoN' in coming into this
bour, ran foul of the Ann, HUTCHINSON, and car-
ed away her bowsprit, jib-boom, and an anchor.
uck—the Telemachus received no damage.
The John Herman, Da 'HAAN, belonging to Elul).
from Marseilles to Embden, was captured on the
-th of September, off the Rock ok Lisbon, by a TYi.'
titan vessel; but on arriving off Tripoli was hurtle.:
ately released, and the Conintander of the detain
,g vessel hanged ; and the Lashaw expressed him.
f highly disoleas:d at the ;,Ault offered to the Ha.
vcrian sag. A compensation was promised to
aptain DrHaan, sabo had arrived at Malta for the
urpose of reporting the circumstance to the Adini-
, who was to stipulate the sum to be paid by the
athaw.
The Algerine, Lieutenant Parer, is orde:ed to be
-.;sl off at Portsmouth.—The Zebra was paid off on
riday.
NAICAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr.DarielQuarritr Is appo'nted to be Surgeon of the Disl-
n of Royal Marine Artultery at
Mr. Hatatikeu to be Surgeon of the I.eander, vier
.trier.
tr. John Greenish, Crum the Rivuti, to be Assistant-Surgeon
ow Conqueror.
Mr. A. N. Murray, to be Assi.tant•Surleon to the Rivoll,
bromism D. 3. Dickson, of She Dritotrtart, to the Rivoll.
A :uperannuatem of Pursers, it may be depended
, wilt take place. Several have already received
'ors directing them to state their services.
Major Goo.esets, of tie Royal Marines, has retired
full pay.
On Te:fsday, the Ister frigate, Captain FORREST,
wed at Portsmouth from the Mediterranean sta-
.
to be fitted for the Channel service,
_and placed
Jrt the comrn ind of Sir BENJAMIN HALLOWRI.I.,
(:mit. The Bey of TUNIS having been induced
the events which took place at Algiers to restore
'be Christian slaves within his Regency, the Ister
t!et'o employed in conveying them horse. Cap-
-I:‘,oteer's reception by the POPE, 31 Rom., after
I,rided those belonging to the Roman terri-1
(seventy five- in number), was particularly
and flattering. His Hountss presented him
h an elegant Mosaic box, set in geld and cameos;
'el latter present was likewise made to all his Of
•5• An hotel had been specially fitted for them
alsly to their arrival. The later afterwards
Algiers (not three weeks since). The tor-
C,.11111 had all been repaired, and the guns re-
. "ted• The Day's Officers confessed that !warily
,
. the guns of the upper tiers were dismounted, and
of the easement ones dismantled. Captain
144 r and his (Miters, whilst there, experienced,
