The Emigration
yesterday at the Colonial Office.
Mr. Meyers, the Agent for Barbadoes, had a
long interview with Viscount Goderich yesterday,
at the Colonial Office.

held a meeting

A severe ground swell was experienced at St.
Kitt's on Thursday night, 16th August, which
threw on shore, and totally wrecked, the sloop
Rambler, and schooners Greyhound and Eight
Sisters, of this port, and the sloops Dispatch, of
Nevis, and Industry, of Static; and we painfully
record, as a consequence, the lose of three lives—
the captain and two of the crew of the idols
Industry; the bodies of the former, and one of the
latter, have been found. The state of the weather
during the hurricane was thus :—At ten o'clock the
thermometer was 84, barometer 29-15 in. As
soon as the gale began, thermometer 72, barn.
meter 25 in. Three o'clock, barometer scintil-
lating from 25 to 27 ; at intervals in the same
state—never rose until half past six, and then only
half an inch ; thermometer stan ing at 78.
REMANET FERS.—The Common Law Com-
missioners, in their third report, just printed, have
recommended the abolition of remanet fees. The
report is dated July 6. "If a cause entered for
trial in London or Middlesex be made a retuanet,
it appears to be the practice to require from the
suitor, and of course to allow in taxation, additional
fees known by the name of Remanet Fees. Now
as the parties are in no default, it seems hard that
they should be liable to this charge, and it is ono
of which we feel ourselves bound to recommend
the abolition."

CONSTAITIXOPLE, AUG. 25.—A journal in
the French language will shortly appear here,
ace& ding to the plan which the Sultan has long
entertained. Lad Effendi, the historiographer
of the empire, is to have the direction of this nova
undertaking. It will contain, besides political
news, firmars and documents, which the Govern-
ment desires to be circulated. The French editor
is to be M. Blacqur, formerly editor of theCourrier
de Smyrne. which has ceased to appear. Since
the great fire in Persia, frequei•t attempts have
been made to set 6re to several quarters of Cu,
stantimple, Tarapia, and even the small portion
of Krw itselfort.ich eicaped die Late conflagration.
Fire, in fact, broke cut several times in Constan-
tinople, but there being no wind was soon extin-
guished. The endeavours of the Government
to discover the incendiaries seem to have failed.

A paragraph has run the round of the newspa-
pers, t the effect that a steam-packet has been
lost on Lake Erie, with 700 passengers on board.
It is true that a steam-boat hu been lost on the
Lake, bet, instead of containing 700 passengers, it
appears that it contained 700 barrels of Boar.
Frit:ay last, a battalion court-martial, composed
cf the Officers of the Ist Regiment of Foot Guards,
was held at the King's-mews, Charing-cross, Col.
Lascelles president, to try James Rowe, a plicate
in Lieut.-Colonel Guuthorpe's conipany, for ab-
senting himself five nights fr,.nt the bar lacks with-
out leave from his superior officers. c court,
after hearing the evidence for the prosecutiou, and
the prisoners defence, adjou: tied. Yesterday morn-
ing the battalion mustered in the King's-mews,
when the prisoner was brought out. Captain Fitz-
roy, the adjutant of the battali n, then read over
the minutes of the court-martial, which concluded
by finding the prisoner guilty of the charges pre-
f rro I against him, and the sentence of the court
was, that for the offence he be imprisoned 21 days
in solitary confinement. The prisoner was then
removed in custody to undergo his sentesce.

PERPETU IL_AL3IANACK.

!t ii;; W"...
If ,
- 4
li,
AL
lit'''
Allv :,

SUGAR REFINING QUESTION.
REFINING

Me. R ten x•ns. a humble but most ingenious',
man, whom we 1)04 ve presently to hold a subordi-
text° situation in the India House, and whose early
4!ays were meritoriously passed as a private in the
Coldstream Guards, after a series of years spent
in anxiously endeavouring to combine in one sheet. i
all the most useful and interesting informstirm I
which ought to compose an Almanack, has at!
length succeeded in compiling a ww!c, which, from
its general utility, must be acceptable to the titer-
chant, the gentleman, and the scholar. :Ind prove
nu invaluable appendage to the Counting-house,
and the study, by affording without difficulty, and
at a single glance, every information regarding
the rapid and important march of time, and the
e..-rnts connected therewith, from the commence-
ment of the Christian iEra, to Perpetuity. Mr.
Richards observes, that the very great labour and
expence to which he has been subjected, in bring-
ing th:s work to maturity, must be sufficiently ob-
vious ; yet neither the 'lie nor the other have les-
sened his endeavour to produce an original design,
embracing a comprehensive mass of information,
of vast utility to this great commercial nation. The
!kn. East India Company, after a minute inspec-
tion of its merits and utility, have orde-ed forty
copies, for the use of their great commercial
establishment. We have examined the proof sheet,
and find the following forming a part of the con-
t( nts :—A Table showing the Day and Hour of the
New and Full Moons for ever; a Table showing,
by the Dominical Letter, the first day of any Year,
lt.uu the alteration of the style, 1752, for ever ;
a Telegraph showing, •by the Dominical Letter,
what day of the week any month commenced in
time past, or will do in future; th‘? Hour of the
rising and setting San fot any day of the week,
month, or year ; a Table to find the Prime, or
Golden Number ; a Table showing the dates of the
Moveable Feasts; a Geographical Clock, showing
the present hour in various parts of the world ; an
improved Circular Barometer, or Weather Table ;
a Table of Terms and Returns, arranged to the
late regulation ; n Table giving the Sunday Letter
from the Christian /Era, to the alteration of the
style in 1752 ; a Table of the Planetary limns,
for every day of the week ; a Table of Nautical
Miles from London, to the diflerent Sea Ports ;
a Table to find the Moon's Age; a perpetual Tide
Table for 1511 ions Sea Ports ; a Table of Elements
of the Planetary System ; the Grand Divisions of
Europe, Islands, &c. Universal Money Table ;
the Transits of Mercury ; the Ti ansits of Venus ;
the Eclipses of the Sun for 26E5 yens ; a Table
of the Julian and Solar Time ; the Division of
Time : the Jen ish Year ; the Egyptian Year ;
the Turkish Year ; the Grecian Year ; a Table of
the Righ: Ascension and Declension of Thirty-
six Stars ; a True Figure of the Ea! th,
Islands, &c. &c. Transfer Days, &c. &c.—
Stamp and Legacy Duties. Spoilt Stamps, &c.
Moon's Rising and Setting ; Four Seasons of the
Year ; Stamp Penalties; and, lastly, A Table
sliming the Eclipses of the Sun and Moon, until
the year 1900, with a variety of other useful in-
formation, selected from the best authorities.—
We ate rather disappointed to find, since the above
notice was written, that notwithstanding the
merit and usefulness of Mr. Richards' work, and
the liberality of his Majesty in pettuitting it to be
eradicated to him, one single copy cannot be pub-
lished without being intercepted, seized, and con-
fiscated by the Stamp-office: and this is no com-
mon case ; for while common and spurious Al-
umnacks pay only a trifling duty of a few pence,
tl.At projected by Mr. Richards is charged at
Ten Shillings a sheet! This, among other griev-
as,ce3 springing out of the Stamp Laws, is one
Litli demands prompt and public attention.

The case of the Liverpool Merchants, by which
is clearly proved that Sugar made by nations
win re the Slave Trade is still in active opaeatioa
has displaced British Colonial manufacture—The
refusal of Government to give up the Refining
question, r to grant a Committee of General In-
quiry—The f•ct of their granting the Bill being a
bonus to those ra ho still carry cn the trade,
a reward for the nefarious traffic in human
flesh—And the statement of Mr., Claxton
of Bristel, which prove- that 77,000 Slaves have
even recently been imported into the Foreign
Colonies, in less than twelve months—combined
itir the posirive approach of danger to the very
exi.tence of our fellow-subjects in the colonies, of
a!i colours, as is fully proved in that gentleman's
first letter to :Mr. Buxton—call loudly for a
change ere it shall be too late.
The party the writer of tlls has acted with
steadily for twenty years is that of anti-slavery ;
and, notwithstanding his friends have been handled
Fortress hat roughly by Mr. Claxton, yet there is
such an air of fairness, such honest blame of the
had parts of the system, and so much candour
in his statements, that for one be is ready to
join hands in any plan that tan be adoptei, that
will in the remotest degree allay the present fer-
ment, and offer an approach even to a b.trei
or der of things. It seems he has traversed and re•
traversed the colonies; and also that, however
sen:e of the planters may disavow the state of the
nrgroes, or dislike any thing depreciato yof their
properties; there are others who acknowledge t' e'
truth of his Statements ; and there can no longer'
he any doubt of the roost general distress th-re, or
the precarious situation of the merchants here.
A Second Letter is promised, and a Plan for
Compensation, as well as Emancipation. If it be
in keeping with the following plain bat clear-
sighted statement of the situation of all parties
concerned or interested. which I copy from the
First Letter, it is to be hoped it will be worthy of
,onside ation at least.
The Nation csEs for Emancipation.
Tht• Slaves have been totally unsettkil and disorganized,
%reeling Emancipation.
The Planter, fairly dealt by, would be better for Eman-
cipation, if free labour was only even tolerably or partially
established.
The Nation admits the justice of Compensation.
The planter has a right to demand compensation.
The slaves, of themselves, can ht no party to compen-
sation.
The nation cannot cornpensatc to the full value of the

property.
The planter demands, as a right, its full valuc.
The Slave can be ro party to v.iluire, himself as a pro-

petty.
Will the nation enter upon a feasible szberne and meet the
planter ?
Win the planter tome r.lo a rtasom.bl, pnositien and
meet' the -nation ?
Will both the nation and tl c plarttr join herds, in as.
sisting the slave to do his tart, it sucb a way as 0,41]
to the benefit of all three ?
