• '••t '
. •• • •
• •
Are t •
hel• to be jointly sacrificed by both Powers, or . .kArAL INTELLIGENCX.
.
• irly to the struggle ? If the latter, we still do
let • hFRACAS IN CHINA. •
T: fear the result ; but if any unholy league is en- weement, .
May Vl4++—Blienti by ;Wham' this 'tin
• ~> to keep them still under the yoke of Tur- Hon. Rase India ' •
8114 Perythaesn, from Chines let.
hick will insure the reprobation of man-- ist February. The Parser lauded here this morninn..esd beings
and t‘ Mich England and France ought to resist.'
ctheurreddisPatewittelartoPeetkleboaes
erewttilltifOrhis
mitatejestytra.s
frigantanurinSthAn
ineept.
• .I‘‘ are that as the designs of Ituvia are the ;be an. • the Chinese, in which one of the natives was killed, and 14 swat
'on Of European Turkey, she would rather see. the English
gallon wounded. An trade with tier skips was
. (;;ticks still oppressed than free, fot• the rode- wholly stopped from the ezd of December. The only imps
,L'csee of Greece would be fatal to her ambitious beside* ready for sailing, were the Kent and Repulse. Twelve
06tnpany's ships remained unladen, nor Wit there say preepeet,
Hczt,.s. It is, however, unnecessary to speculate 3
short time ma y put us in full possession of
at the departure of the Farquharson, of their being allowed to
take on board their cargoes.
• --e •at present we feel persuaded there are many
FURTHER PARTICULARS. •
• to be settled, independent of Wallachia and The following important information was this morning posted
: before peace can be permanently insured at Lloyd's ;
Turkey and Russia. It is worthy of remark The Farquharson, arrived from Chin+, whence she sailed on
article in the French Papers from Constanti-
the tut of February, brings advice that trade with the Chinese
was stopped en the 23d Der.ember, in con of an affray
seq
• between part of the crew of the Tomes frigate and some Chi-
• • letter above alluded to, states that the Porte
nese, at Linton. AU the Gentlemen of the Factory hastened es
cuscs to evacuate Moldavia.
se board the different ships, and were afterwards taken on board
the Waterloo, with their families and property, as well as the
Company's property.
The ships remained at Chaumpie when the Farquharson sailed.
The Farquharson, Windsor, Kent, and Repulse, had taken in
their cargoes ; but it was supposed the rest of the Company's
ships would be obliged to come away in ballast.
OTHER ACCOUNTS.
The following is from the board of the Jerusalem Coffee-hoist
ET THE SNIP FARQUHARSON, OTT WEYMOUTH.
The Repulse and Kent were loaded at China, and expected
soon to follow the Farquharson. The affair between the To-
PAZZ frigate and the Ckinese took place on the 23d December.
The Supercargoes were on board the Waterloo, and had the
precaution to have all the bullion and property shipped. The
Portuguese Governor had received orders at Macao to allow
none of the English to remain there. The Chinese junks were at
the bar to prevent the Farquharson sailing, and the Toraza
firing a gun or two over them they dispersed. The Farquharson
had her gun .+ loaded, but did not fire. Not the least appear-
ance of settlement was entertained when she sailed. The Van-
sittart and Scaleby Castle had arrived at China.. The Macqueen,
WALKED, outward-bound, had arrived at St. Helena."
Extract of a letter from Macao, dated 27th January :—" The
affair of the Torastfrigate' remains unsettled : the Viceroy of
Canton not having relaxed In his demands, we resolved on
itoving the ships out. of the River, and weighed for the second
bar yesterday morning and anchored here (Chaumpie) in the
evening, with all the ships—the frigate is with us. It is reported
that the Viceroy is willing to open the trade, so far as consists
in buying and selling, but insists on having two men before the
ships sail. It is probable that after the Torazz sails, which is
expected to be in about ten days, Matters will be settled, and
that we may expect a final adjustment in all February; this is,
however, only my opinion."
Extract of a private letter, received this morning from an Of-
ficer on board the Hoe. Company's ship Farquharson, dated in
the Chops of the Channel, May 27, 1822 :
" The cause of our detention, which has doubtless by this
time occasioned some anximy, happened through an unfortunate
quarrel which took place between the seamen of his Majesty's
ship TOPAZ' and the inhabitants en the Island of Linton, in
which three of the Chinese were killed. The Chinese insisted
that three of the sailors should be delivered up, which Captain
RICHARDSON would not do. As their law is positive that life
shall be forfeited for life, whether the death be accidental or in-
tentional, they put a stop to all trade with the English, in order
to force compliance.
" We, fortunately, happened to be ready for sea; and after
being detained for four or five weeks, in order that we might
bring home favourable accounts, were dispatched, as things daily
assumed a more serious appearance. The whole of the Com-
pany's ships were outside of the Bocea Tigris, the Gentlemen
of the Factory and Company's Treasury are on board of the
Company's ship Waterloo."

;:tier from Smyrna, dated the 17th April, gives
I•orlible description of the barbarities committed
Scio. The number butchered in the town was
:alculat.:d at 15,000 men, and all the women and
lid been carried into slavery. All who
ecape had gone to the mountains; but, being
I:rat-tiled, they could scarcely be expected to make a
rebistance. At Smyrna no Greek dared
vear abroad, for his destruction would be certain.
e is no enormity which the Tut ks have not been
,;;;,y of towards the deeply-injured descendants of
.f civilizers of mankind, and little credit can now
kc to the lately reported humanity of the Ca-

:•‘•• l'aclia.
F" ""

M A 11-STY will this evening go in state to the
0 pei .t.
Duchess of Gtoucestest visited his MAJESTY

;.r•4rrJay forenoon her Royal Highness Princess
w of GLOttESTER had an interview with their
~.1 Highnesses the Prince and Princess of DEN-
at their residence in Wimpole•stieet; after
their:Royal Highnesses left town for Hampton
t'utr..;, and in the evening returned to dinner.
ye-zerday, the Princess AUGUSTA had a select party

t:%
'file Countess of GROSVENOR'S Concert, on Satur-
Clr evening, was attended by the most brilliant as-
s. mblage of any this season. The whole interior of
t: a mansion, Grosvenor House, was thrown open,
:rd illuminated in-a style of unusual splendour. The
company amounted to upwards of s* hundred, of the
Est distinction.
Sir CHARLES and Lady MORGAN left town pester-
e,r, fur Ireland.
Last night, Mrs. ANGERSTEIN gave an elegant ball,
a: her residence in Great Cumberland-place.

Sunday his Excellency Viscount CHATEAUBRIAND
;47e amok sumptuous dinner, at his elegant resi-
cincc in Portland-place, it being the first grand en-
tertainment given by his Excellency since his arrival.
utmost magnificence was displayed. There
ere present
Hi: Royal Highness the Duke of York, the Duke of Wel-
lirton, his I lit,hnes. Prince Esterhazy, Marquis of Bath, Mar-
ct.:s of Stzfford, Earl of Liverpool, Earl of Westmorland, Mar-
ri%is of Conyngham, Earl of Hafrowby, Earl of Clanwiliam,
Lotd Melville, Sir William A'Court, Lord Burghersh, Count
Leven, Baron Fagel, Sir Herbert Taylor, Mr. Canning, the
ki;ht Hon. Mr. K. Peel, Colonel Cook, Mr. lizmilton, Mr.
F:c7e, Sir Henry Wellesley, ace.
Te nuptials between CHARLES BROWNLOW, Esq.
ALP. and Lady MARY BLIGH, eldest daughter of the
Earl and Countess of DARNLEY, are to he solemnized
cur:iLlay next, at his Lordship's seat, Cobham Hall,

FALMOUTH, MAT 26.—Wind S.W. and W. N.W.—Arrived
off the Port, the Lima, Rua, from New Orleans; and Lavinia,
Moons, from Demerara. Arrived, the Osborn packet, Haar.
Lay, from the Brazils; left Pernambuco 10th Febrtiary. Sailed,
the Seneca, Btu., for London. The Prince Regent packet,
from the Islands, is coming across the Bay.
PLYMOUTH, MAY 26.—Wind West.—Arrived off this Porte
I'Anglois, from Rio Janeiro ; Thomas, BELL, from St. Vincent's;
and Sophia, DOOMAIR, from Havannah. Sailed, the Marquis of
Hastings, for London.
POkTSHOUTU, MAT 27.—Wind S.W.—Arrived, his Majesty's
ship SLANIY, from South America ; Regent, Seaacrrr, from
Rio; Regulus transport, from Jamaica; and Nautilus transport,
from St. Helena—sailed tad March, on which day the Honour.
able Company's ship Maquin arrived there. Passed by, the
New Phceniz, Lzwrnwatve, from Trinidad, and Bristow, Cosa,
from New South Wales, both fur London.
Deal., Alas 27.—Wind &W.—Came down from the River
this morning and sailed, the Barkworth, PEOLAH, for Bombay;
Steel, Cnossruwarrz, for New Brunswick ; and Layford,
Ctaar, for the Mediterranean. Arrived and sailed for the
River, the William Harris, Haws, 49 days from Jamaica;
Cane Grove, THOMSON, from St. Vincent's; and-Rosetta, Loa.
DER!, from Teneriffe.
liatorcuyn, Mar 27.—Sailed his Majesty's ship Owsat Gram.-1
nowea, for Copenhagen.
Cusrost-lioesz, NAT 27.—Ships Entered Inwards: The
Nitre, from Ostend ; Jason, from Carthagena ; Aire, from
Riga ; Ann, from Memel ; Bonne Henriette, from Rouen ; Ann,
from Guernsey; Mary, from St. Michael's; Ann, from Para;
and Prince Regent, from Cowes.--F.ntered Outwards: The
Triton, for .Belfast; Electra, for Philadelphia; and Prince of
Waterloo, for Ostend.

i Kent.
Notwithstanding Brsn sold in Shares both the
TN() last Prizes of Twenty Thousand Pounds ever
C 7,1,:: n, yet we understand he feels a pissentiment he
5...111 sell one or both the Twenty Thousands which
Lust be drawn NEXT TuEsDAY, when the entire Lot-
-I.:ry will be decided, as it is all in One Day.
The publication of the new Satirical Poem, a The
I,,horcts," has excited a strong sensation in the li-
rtiary as well as political world. 'I he Mohawks, a
term first applied to the writers in Blackwood, will
v:,:^ become generic for all the dealers in scandal,
rr,trepresentation, and calumny ; for all who take up
the tomahawk and scalping-knife, to war against
truth and justice; or, to sum them in one word, for
the whole tribe of hireling critics, whatever may be
ti.eir distinctive shades and differences.
The Public will rejoice to find that the possession
rf Vanxhall Gardens, with the deprivation of which
th y were threatened, is secured to them for the en-
g season. It is universally allowed that the
..nrld affords no scene to 'be compared with Vaux-
.ail Gardens.
The Duke of XoRK, it is said, won 25,0001. on leis
cv:n horse Moses, at the Epsom Races, on Thursday.
The Earl of I.OI:SDALV has had a fall from his horse, by which
]le took the odds, which were 6 to 1 against Moses,
accident he broke two of his ribs.
a; that he could lose but a smIIII sum, and win to a A letter from Inspruck, dated May 13, says," The
large amount. little town of Imst has been neatly destroyed by fire;
Mr. tLowErt, of Ridge, in the parish of Chilmark, of 220 houses, only 14 are left."
;:ear Salisbury, had a field of wheat in ear on the M. PRADEI., the author of a volumn of poems, has
I`..,:th instant, audit was in full bloom on Sunday the been condemned by the Court of Correctional Police,
191.11. Mr. Szvse,.of Chilmark, had also wheat in at Paris, to siz months imprisonment, for five songs,
car on Sunday*the I9th. * said to be directed against the Throne, religion, and
Gil Eauwicu.-ahe weather was favourable to the gay public morals. The singularity of the trial was, that
:sere which yesterday presented itself to the eyes of
'the defendant, after his Counsel had been heard,
*:;e holiday folk. The road was crowded with pedes- pleaded his own cause in verse, which excited the en-
-aans, equestrians, stage-coaches, carts, &c. which thusiastic plaudits of the numerous audience that filled
lilt "dragged their slow length along," with their the Court.
axle-trees groaning beneath the weight of three or THE Mumps, No. V. (a new Weekly Journal,
:fur generations. The amusements of a HolidayE
ray Hill"
devoted to LITERATURE' the FINE ARTS, SCIENCE.,
'Acre pursued with a' good deal of vivacity by the the DRAMA, &c.) published 25th May (price Bd. or
far visitors; some of whom, fi oa t e slip! e7y state five by post, Is.) contains:
..1 the grass, could not help exhibiting a v:eil-turned I. Letters from Parts.—r. Account of the Sale of Mr. Perry's
antic. But as the giant of old always returned with Books.—ti. Foreign Editions of English Books.-4. The Maim- ,
leum..--. 5. Table Tattle; or, Opinions of Mee and Matters.— 1
increased vigour from contact with his mother earth,
Anniversary of the Literary Fund.-7. Fine Arts :the Eahi-
,o the Ladies rose with undiminished good humour. 6: . . . Re . .
bition—Engraving in Alto- hevo in Copper.-8. The Drama:
T;:eie was abundance of Critique on King John at Covent-Garden.-9. Original Poetry :
" Grips and cranks, and wanton wiles, Abuse of the Poetic Talent—Bridal Song—F.vening.-10. Re-
Nods and becks., and wreathed smiles" views of blilman's Behkazgar—Butler s Iteminiscences—Gif-
nriv.sngst tl.eni : and everybody seemed to enter into: red's Persius.—With Varieties Books tin,
Place
of Amusement
cemtn i‘rrti.stt ota onitiebtl.i.stl,
every c..
oral,
c. &
the iestiviliCs of the day with a spirit in accordancjialnwp olaPlisnhe cIA bynn c'jlon n
with the itinusing variety of the scene which invited 1
emornuing ; and sold also by all pookseperi, Newsmen, Post-
-I.l:elri to participate in its eRjOyIDERU. 1 mastics, &c.
