'abisid by these barbarfiiii, whetacknowledge-vit,reF
law nor disei*e.
pi. you, pur bptlitipt, :our •letittryttien atilt, in
the name of enr country\ and Of- honour, seise.yetir
amts, and tome and deliver is from the evils that
oppress us; reflect that we ate the advanced guard
of the nation; that We have at iibtiniestliseilted this-
honourable and dangerous post; and that we justly
claim your gratitude marine aid.
We still stop this torrent which will soon impe-
tuously burst upon you, ilyou remain basely inac-
tive. United by the same language, the same laws,
proud of bearing the name of Frenchmen, which is
our glory, our dangers are in common, our interests
are the same ; our union will form our strength, and
we shall at length obtain that peace which is the ob-
ject of our hopes, and of the solicitude of the Go-
vernment.

Such is •at this moment the language of our in-
vaded frontiers. Is there a Frenchman; whose heart
is so narrowed by selfishness, as to be insensible to
these affecting calls ? No !we cannot believe it.
The love of our .country still lives in our souls ;
we have for our guarantee the crowd of citizens who,
filled with holy indignation, throng round the na-
tional standard, and wait with impatience for the
moment_to.exterminate the sanguivarir hordes who
Infect the sacred territory.
While the regular army is preparing for victory,
par‘tisans accustomed to war will hover on the flanks
and the rear of the inemy's masses—in such circurh-
stances, every French citizen, of whatever sex or age.
ought to glory in making' a barbatian bite the dust.
Stratagem, open force, every thing is permitted against
the enemy who brings us misery and slavery : the
Tocsin of death' wherever he shews himself. . -
Let.the deeds of courig‘ and heroism, which in
all ages have done honour to nations, be our lessons,
and our models ! Even among the-women, let some
of those generous heroines arise, a hose names are
consecrated by the national gratitude and love. What
mother of a family could see her daughter insulted,
her son massacred, without braving every danger to
defend and avenge them .?
Let our Freuch *oases
render themselves worthy rivals of those noble Gallic
wives who encouraged. their husbands and their chil-
dren in the day of battle, and supported by their-pre-
sence, their firmness, and their valour. Let them
iemember Joanne Hachette, that illustrious woman
of Beauvois, who, on the day of an assault, suddenly
appeared upon the breach. snatched from an enemy's
soldier the standard which he was going to plant
them, threw him over the wall, and saved the town
from .pillage .and conflagration. , When the enemy,
who•thought to deceive us bytserfislious proclamations,
shall see all France, united under a protecting Go.;
,
vernment, they'svill hasten to fly our country§and to
abandon their projects of vengeance lad ambition.
PARIS, JANUARY. 121
Hill Majeity yestenisty held a Council of his Mini-
, which-sat for two hours. -
Afier likViag.7.themsetveS• fixed the basis-of peace:
/lie 'Allied Powers. have refused to sign it. This is a
tict ishich• is drove to demonstration ; they have.
di itie ti attetripted ti ny it. People puzzle therii.:
ik
.. •. .
esivaswidruassiacturosess such strange policy ; it is.
lifkled btHO iehatkikisith at what suitell them five daje`
earlier no longer suited them five.days later ? It is
supect that they made-their proposals, only in the:
hope. .of geeing them rejected ; that the contrary
having..hapecued, they aTe extremely embarrassed,
-bat iliat, at the hazaid Pf.shewing their had faith,
:they Ogee prekrrfdorsu ing plans of conquest, which:
thejeherished withdut speaking of them, to sign a'
.peace, which they_ spoke of without desiring it. -
While we are looking forward tut he moment when:
' , e shall clear up -these mysteries, we cannot help•
lamenting when we see a power figure in the Decla-
ration -of the Allies, which has so many reasons to
agree with France, and so many reasofts to mistrust
',Russia.; but above all, it isextremely diffiCult to re...
concile this refusal of Austria to sirs peace,. with the
honourable part of a Mediator, which she but- lately
assumed in the eyes of Eurdpe.
We'shewed,sorne days ago • the Moderation of the
Emperci, when victorious, towards this power. Let
us contrast the conduct of her noble enemy with that
of her northern allies • let us open she book of Kis-
__ , sot u.ssienfailt ;id facts, which new passions 1
cannot obliterate ; and let us see whether they justify
the attachment, or rather the lesiguation of Austria
ut the interests of Russia.

What was the conduct of Russia during the seven
years' war. Three times she changed her system.
Het...troops, which one day fought for Austria, toughs
ugitt.atiy for Frederick; and that Monarch owed to
their desertion of the cause of the allies, all the ad-
'vantages which he obtained.
In 1778, Austria formed projects upon Bavaria
RUsaia was at that time engaged in a war against the
-Turks. What did she do ?—She flattered the views
'of the Cabinet of Vienna,- but she hastened to make
peace witfirneTurki; declared herself the guarantee
of ,the Treaty. 4f Westphalia, in whirls ahishadAo
there; and obliged Austria, whom !Ito*
)44,04;.te,renounce her pretensions. • "..1
• ,I*-1785, . Russia meditated a- new vfar against
; and, faithful to her policy, her first thought
was to Make herself sure of Austria. Joseph If. had
Plans for, the opening :of the Scheldt, and for the ex-
change of Bavaria. • Catharine promised to second
thein.
,BUt she sends 'to Deux Poets Cqunt
Romanzow, to negotiatil this exthapge, so ardcptly
