.5 I ERRA LEONE.

We have great `pleasure in laying before our readers
extracts from the Si. rra Leone Gazettes, which present
most satisfactory view. of that Colony. The indefatiga-
ble Sir Charles Nl'Cartlay had returned from hit tour to
the Isles de Loss, whcre lie had previously distributed
plants anion:, the 5e One large hill had
been entirely cleared, and planted with that valuable
production, and the plantations in general were in a
thriving condition.
Tim British cruisers continue to exert themselves
effectually in liberating human beings illegally detained
in slavery by the Portuguese and other slave traders. One
large Portuguese vessel with no less thaii three hundred
slaves on board, was brought in by Lieutenant Hawn, "I
his Majesty's ship Matte ; and a smaller vessel with 2U
on board has also been captured, and the poor slaves re-
le .sed. _ .

An incalculable benefit has been conferred on this
part of Africa by the introduction of vaccination, which
after several failures has at length been completely effected
by Dr. Barry, Surgeon to the Forces at the Colony.
FitEtTowsr, JULY 6.—lt is wi.h much satisfaction
that we are enabled to state, that the oteritoriom eXel-
-110115 Of our medical officers to establ.sli the vaccine Is-
C.lse hi the CUl(acy, kive at leugth proved onsuccessitil.
In alit 111011th of April last, Dr. Barry, Surgeon to file
Forces, was fortunate enough to introduce the disease
amongst some Of the childrtu in this town ; and by the
speedy extension of vaccination, the progress of tile small
pox, winch had at that time commenced its ravages hi
several parts of the Negro villages, and particularly at
Hastings, has been happily arrested. Since the intro-
duction of the vaccine disease, upwards of 2,000 persons
have been vaccinated wi,nin the Pe ii ill suta. Lymph
has been sent to the isles de Loss, the Gambia, and tiie
Gold Coast, and every means taken to induce the natives
of the interior to partake of its advantages. The va-
riolons disease, thank God, leas completely disappeared,
not an instance of its occurrence having latterly come
within our knowledge. It is remarkable, that fur several
years past, alttiough every precaution had been repeat-
edly used for the criveyfillCC of the vaccine matter front
England to this coast, it invariably failed until the pre-
scut instance. 1)r. Barry ha-, therefore, by. has success,
conferred a most important benefit on the colony. lm
which every huh, idual interested in the welfare in Africa
11111S1 feel arateffil. _ .

JULY 13.—Our letters from the Ganihia, by the Active,
came down the Bth inst. The brie, Hombictortitva, be-
longing to Mr. Foster, had arrived there !tom Englanti
a few days previously; other vessels were also expected.
Mr. Stockdale's brie, the ,So.rak, had sailed with a full
cargo of wax and hides, and site Trews/Bar w. 4 nearly
loaded, said would sail on the 13th
JULY 20.—0 n Monday his Excellency the Governoi
suite artired in the colonial schooner Prince lbgent,
frosts the Isles de Loss: the very considerabie improve-
means during the last dry season on the respective
islands, we understand, afforded his Excellency much
satisf.clion. At Crawford's, cultivation is rapidly ex-
tentlina. The coffee plants which his Excellency dis-
tributed there some time hack, were found in the mot
promising state, particularly 041 one of the larger kilns,
which Otis been entirely cleared, and plan cd with that
valuable production. rt.e settlement of Clarkson, on
Tamara Island, the inhabitants of which are principally
discharged soldiers, is in a most liourishiihr state, and
fully keeps pace with those of the Peninsula. The plan
of the town lots and streets are strictly adhered to, and
the extent of cleared ground in the vicinity now tinder
crop, favourably attests the industry of the inhabitants;
altogether the picture of content and domestic comfort
examined by these, old soldiers in their cottages, was most
gratifying to his Excellency, who distributed ainona,st
mein a number of collie plants, fur the exte iii i % e culti-
vation of which the more tit:sated grounds on Tamara
appeared admirably adapted. His Excellency also vi-
s.ted the island of Factory, where it was found that the
encouragenunt given the natives there in the extension
of their rice plantations has been attended with the best
effects; a very considerable portion of that island is ewe-
daily suited lair the production of that article, which Is
SO ittiVantageow, to the cultivators, and at the same time
so imporiatit to this colony. whether for exportation or
home consumption. The incrust of population is the

ditlerent islandq, since the period they were taken posses.
51011 of by his Excellency, 1111151 he contiderable, settlers
daily arriving from the 'stain Lou% who g :idly exchange
the s irage autl e.tptioolis rule of their two% e chiefs, log
:he proh:ctilm and uthirtstage enjoyed under the British

Thursday his Excellency the Governor rode to the
mmitit.mi l a ts,.ccoetti.attietl by the Deputy inspector
of Hospitals, Dr. Ni. 01. The state in the Avicaits,
lately reccneei trom slate vessels, particularly occupied
the attention of its Excelk my. .iiatty of these poor
ClCiAllreti are in a very delolita.ed state, but we rejoice to
say, they rapidly recover under the kind trtatmL tit of the
gentlemen of the Medical Staff stationed in the tillages,
and by the humane attention of their coutitrymen and
the several superintendents. His Excellency returned to
Got ertiment-1 seat a late hour tit the evening.
It is with singular satisfaction we have again to bear
testimony to the successful zeal of Lieut. Hogan fat the
cause of Africa and of still,. ring humanity. Yesterday
officer brought into harbour a Idrge
Portuguese In ig with 300 slat..., oil bard ; she proves to
he the Lstrala, M. P. ~t,s S.ittios, 'nosier, cleared out at
Bahia Ihr Molettibo, and turaislied with a soyal passport
to take slat es front that place; she was, lion tl'er. seized
in the Bight of Benin, :line days from Logos, where het
cargo of I ttttt tan flesh was *hyped. Tor Leuelie had
heen pat-lot:sly boarded by the ://fish/e, MI Cape Coast
Castle, at which time the toaster protessed himself to be
nound to Elnitur for a supply of water, provisions. &c.
to eatable him to proceed on his voyage; but it 110 W ap.
pears, that the only supply he procured was canoes,
which, we lament to slaty, arc there furnished to every
slave vessel, without toe least reserve.
In the river Calabar Lieut. Hagan detained another
Portuguese vessel, the .!...an Jose Bellassa, wi,h 20 slaves
on board. This vessel, a schooner, was found on
initiation to be in so leaky a state that she could not be
brought to this port; ,lie was therefore destroyed, the
slates being first removed on board the Thistle. Donna
Jlaria tla Cron, the daughter of the notorious Gomez, of
Prince's Island, is the sole owner at the Sets Jose Hallam
The schooner Commies°, COMICIIIIIVI Its the Mixed Court
some time since, was also the property of the bailie lady,
who, it would went, bids fair to rival her father in slate.
dealing notoriety. Gonna was formerly Governor of
Prince's Island, and at tire:tent holds a high station
among the Honourable Council of his Most Faithful
Niejt.sty in that island.

FROM SATURDAY NIGII7 'S GAZEI'7 E.

CROWN OFFICE, Ogrr. 6.

MEMBER returned to serve in this preset PARLIAMENT•
Borough of ithford.—C. Ross. Esq. in the wont of the Most
Hon. the Marquess of Londonderry, deceased.

BANKRUPTS.

C. Allwood, Walcot, Somerset, ciinfecticner. Solicitor, Mr.
Stephen, Broad Street Buildings.
E. Tyc, Sibton, Suffolk, farmer. Sol. Mr. Woodhouse,
Temple.
S. and T. P. Franceys, Liverpool. marble masons. Sob.
Messrs. Adlington and Co. Bedford Bow.
R. S. ()Afield, Kingston upon Hull, merchant. Sul. Mr.
Shaw, F..;), Place. Holborn.
W. Palfrey, Hinchaick, Gloucestershire, farmer. Sol. Mr.
Pritchard, Earl Street,. Blackfriars.
G. Bradford and A. Paradice, Bristol, brokers. Sols. Messrs.
Williams and Co. Lincoln's lon.

......--.—... —....-...
T. Jacks, Dishopsgatc Without, flour factor. Sol. Mr. Lee,
Three Crowns Court. Southwark.

T. Herbert, :inn. Great Itu,bell Street, Bloomsbury, auctioneer.
Sol. Mr. ilea ut, Tokenhottae Yard.
DI V WENDS. .

Oct. 30, .1. Millward, Redditch, Worcestershire, needle maker
-4, W. Reridall, Liverpool, merchant-si, C. Coates, Bedmin-
ster, Somerset, tanner-51, li. Rainey, r:pilsby, Lineohishire,
tanner-26, S. Garton, Wood Street, Clicapside, silk manufac-
turer-26, G. Flindt, London Wall, merchant-26, P. P. Good.
Clapton, insurance broker-as, D. Thomas, Carmarthen. grocer
--`26, B. Plant, Birmingham, gun barrel maker-Y(4 J. -Mills,
Wier Lane. Tower Street, wine merchant-Y6, P. Symons.
Plymouth, Devon, merchant-TO, .1. Vincent, Regent street,
Marylebone, victualler-a% T. Griffis, Knightsbridge. plumber
-29, J. Browne and J. Gregton, Charles street, Grosvenor
&Poste, upholsterers-Nov. 5, W. Elgie, Roswarp, Yorkshire,
corn merchant-4, W. Pritchard and L. Bevan, Bristol, mer-
chants-I, J. White, Tsriste.ey, Cheshire, iunke-per-Oct. a 6,
G. Webb, Corn!ali, dealer..


COURSE OF EV
Amtiterdam, 12 7 C. F.
Ditto, at eight, 12 4
Rotterdam, It 8
Antwerp, I•_'
Haisiburgh, 38 0
A Ilona, 38 1
P4ria, 3 days'niglit, 15 60
Ditto. 2:3 il;)
BIIIIIIIPAII%, 2.3 90
Frankfort on the %lirine,l36
Petert.borelt, 01 3 U.
V 1191114, El. Flo. 10 24
Triet.te, El. Fl 3. 10 2l
Alattritl, 314—Cadiz, S'
13illton,36i—liareelons,33/

PRICE OF STOCKS.
Runk Stork 2il 0 1111 l num 0.
I per Cent. Het!. Imp. 3 per Cent. 81*
3 per Cent.Coo.oll till India Bond,
3I per Cent. 921 Lima stock
4 per rent. Exchequer Bill• 6;. prenl.
New Fours, 1004 I trims. hoe Ac. SI
Loth! Allll. Lottery 'rickets /Vt.! 15e.

14IE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON, MONDAY, OCTOBER T.

Considerable disturbances have taken place re•
cently, in consequence of the farmers lowering the

wages of their workmen—what the wages were
from which a reduction of Is. per week was deter-
mined on we know not—that the distressed state of
agriculture calls fur every justifiable economy is self-
evident, and that the labourer can subsist upon
much less than he could when provisions were so
much dearer than they are now, is equally plain ;
but we can scarcely restrain our indignation when
we look at a document now lying before us—it pur-
ports to be an account of the proceedings of a meet-
ing of the Magistrates in the Grand Jury Chambers
at Winchester, and declares that in making future
orders for the relief of the poor, they will order for
each individual per week the price of a gallon loaf
and fourpence over, and recommends—

" Te the Officers of every parish, when the family shall con.
sist of a man sod his wife, or a man with one chili!, to offer to
each such man, 4s. per week from Michaelmas to badyday,
and ss. per week from Ladyday to Michaelmas, so that be
might be engaged to serve the whole year ; and any man re-
fusing flat offer shall not be *milled to any relief. If no such
offer be made, or no such empliiyaneut can be found whereby
any such man can maintain himself and his wife or child, the
allowance is to be 3a. 6d. per week, and no more.
" To every unmarried man the justices recommend the urn-
*era of every psiisli to offer 3s. per week from Michaelmas to
Ladyday, and 4s. per week from Lady day to 3lichaelinas, so
that he may be engaged to serve the whole year ; and any un-
married nom refusing that offer shall not be entitled to any
relief. If no such offer be made, or no s-ilicient employment
can be found whereby any such unmarried man can maintain
himself, he shall be allowed 2s. (id. per week and no more.
To a woman with one child, 3..6d. per week and no more.
To early single 110111iIII, the sow of 2s. lit/. per week, and no
more.

In this meeting there were eight Magistrates
present, and five of them were Clergymen!—
now we would ask, can the parties here particu-
larized by these Reverend Gentlemen absolutely
ads! upon these allowances—we reply to that ques-
tion featlessly that it is b.ipossible, and had we
signed such an order, we should live in constant
apprehension that the justice of the Supreme Power
would overtake us, if the miserable: we bad thus
condemned to starvation or dishonesty, did not
make a signal example of us, to deter others who
have to legislate on such occasions, from forcing
fathers to listen to the cries of hunger from their
children, or to appease those cries at the risk of
the forfeit of their lives to the offendod laws of their
Country.

In order to impress more fully or his colleagues
the necessity for the accession of Mr. Canning, Lord
Liverpool, in the lute discussions, laid before them
the Ilan of the new financial arrangements, which
he has it in contemplation to propose in the ensuing
Ecssion. One important part of these arrangements,
we understand, is, the substitution of a Tax on
Property for Assessed Taxes, which arc to be repealed
to the amount of some millions a year. In this way
it is hoped that the country gentlemen may be qui-
eted, without any sacrifice on the part of the Ex-
chequer (the amount of .'roperty Tax equalling that
of Assessed Taxes repealed), and that consequently
