THORPE r. c R I.: AT COGGESFIAT.L.

[[t i►not neeersary to enable the pauper to gain a settlement by
a yearly hiring, to "hew that he was actudlly in hii ma"ter's
employment during the whole year. pros ides' the latter dis-
pense' with the lapse in his service•]
In this case the pauper, Samuel Hordes, hired him.
self for a year as a servant in husbandry to Robert
Howard, a farmer in Thorpe. he' pauper didnot
commence his service until three or four days after he
was hired, his master giving him permission to stay
sway for that time, to prepare himself with clothes and
other necessaries. It was contended by the appel-
lants, that it r•as necessary for the pauper to have
served a complete year, in order to entitle him to a
settlement by yearly hiring. But, on the other hand
it was issisted, that the case came within the doctrine
of dispeosatiou, and Rex v. Banbury, '2 C. R. 4'23,
was cited.

The Court was of opinion that it was a case of dis-
pensation, and accordingly decided, that the pauper
gaitieda settlement in the appellant parish..
Order affirmed.

Mr. Herriea has received the appointment of Auditor
of the Civil List.

The Mayor and Corporation of Rochester have voted
tLe frcerlont of their city to his Royal Highness the
Duke 9I Sus,seN, the Lord Mayor of London, and Al-
- Zeman Sir C. Flower.

The German Gazelle gives the following interesting
account of a religious ceremony of Thanksgiving by
the Italians, who were rescued from slavery at Algiers,
by the exertions of our brave countrymen under Lord

12.110011 th
" ROME, SEPT. 25.—Yesterday, as the day of La Madonna
della Merceda was chosen to administer the Holy Sacra-
ments of which they have been so long deprived) to the
slaves who have !Well sent back from Algiers by the English.
The ceremouy took place in the church of St. Maria Alla
Minerva. They were all new clothed in the dress of sailors,
that is, in blue jackets and wide trousers, with red ribbons
at the lireast, to which rosaries were suspended. The many
boys among them walked between the Priests of the Order
of the Trinity, who, since their return, have instructed them
in religious exercises ; divisions of soldiers opened and fol-
lowed the procession, which attracted an extraordinary crowd
of spectators. The delivered slaves walked with great pro-
priety and devotion."

A question of great importance, says a morning
paper, is to be tried this week betbre the new Jury
Court at Edinburgh, respecting a certain deed of settle-
ment of the late James Earl of Fife. An action was
brought in the Court of Sessions by his nephew, the
ptesent Earl, flir the reduction of that deed, on the
ground that it was not exccuttxl with the essential forms
required by law fir the conveyance of real property—
that the deed was signed by the late Earl at a time
when he was Mind—that it was not read over to him in
the presence of the witnesses, am'. that one of the wit-
nesses, whop name appears on the deed, was not pre-
sent when his Lordship signed it. To ascertain these
fiats, the muse was remitted to ti*Jury Court by the
Court of Session. A grist number of witnesses are
unmoned on both sides, who will be examined in
Court. The evidence of the I)uke of Cumberland,
Lord Erskine, and others, who were in the habit of fre-
quently seeing the Earl about that period, hare been
taken by commission in London. The present value of
the estates is upwards of 20,0001. a year.
The harvest has been extremely deficient in Italy, in-
Immuch that the Government had issued a decree al-
bowing the importation of wheat, rice, flour, oats, and
barley, of all kinds, free of duty, until the 31st of Aug.
1817.

In 1787 the Royal Library at Copenhagen contain-
ed about 100 000 volUnics. It is now stated to cintain
upwards of 309,000 ; so that it is now one of the first
in Eurore.

A Caeriou.—it is said to be a practice now prevalent
amongst thieves to borrow the key of au empty house, in
order to internist° else same previous to taking it, when they
generally avail themselvesor the opportunity to take away ail
the locks, or other portable articles. Many thieves also con-
tinue to go about as plumbers, and getting the keys of empty
houses, tinder pretence of having been sent by the owners to
examiexamine the gutter, 8.. c. carry away the Iced.
ne
Rounettius.--On Friday afternoon, about one
o'clock, some villains entered the dwelling-house of Mrs.
Mary Joshing, of No. A, Skinner-street, lilishopsgate, and
stole a quantity of linen and wearing apparel from the par-
lour, with which they got off undiscovered. On the afternoon
of the same day, between the hours of four and six, the house
of a tradesman residing at Deptfued was entered by some
villains, and a quantity of plate taken from the sideboard ;
a new black coatand waistcoat, which had just been taken
from the hands of the tailor by the servant, and deposited in
the back parlour, were alto taken away, the villains escaped.
DISTRESSING Orevitncsice.—Saturday se' • !ht as a dro-
ver, who hail some cattle in the pens at Islingte , vas walk-
ing serums Um hay-field to go to a public-house .., get sonic
refreshment, he found a man, apparently not 30 years of age,
lying near a bay-stack quite dead and cold : he was a most
emaciated wretched looking fellow ; and it is supposed that
he died 6ir want of t4od: his apparel was not worth sixpence,
and lie had scarcely shoes to his feet. lie was carried to the •
King's Head, Clerkenwell-close.

THOUSANDS of Ladies and Gentlemen have a
goal henol of hair by using Prince's Russia Oil only; but onus
Ladies being persuaded to use other oils, soon found the elan-mire.
as they have coloured or changed their hair to diffinent shades; has
begun to fall ofln short, Prince's Russia Oil is the whoksornest
and best Oil for preserving and promoting the growth of hair of
Ladies. Gentlemen, and Children, and if used coretantly not a hair
will fall off or turn grey; it makes weak and short hair grow think
and long renders dry or harsh hair soft and glossy.
Lattice will find Prince's Russia Oil preferable to any article whin
dossing real or false hair, as it curls the hair which way they like.
Is the best for children's hair, as it dean, their head of scurf, &a.
' and keeps the head and hair perfectly clean. Gentlemen who are
bald, or have lost part of their hair, and the least sign of roots of hair
remaining, by using Prince's Russia Oil regular for a short time,
will be sure to have it restored. Promotes eyebrows and whiskers.
Gentlemen who wear powder, ought to use it instead of lionititum.—.
See the Medical' Act of Parliament, you will find Prince's Russia
Oil is so wholesome, is the reason that it must not he sold without
having a British Government Medical Stamp. Theretbre Ladies and
Gentlemen in this or any other country, should use Prince's Russia
Oil, as through the aromatic ingredients with which it is prepared,
when used for the hair, prevents catching infectious diseases, will pre-
serve the hair and health, and be the means of their living Yeats
longer than the present generation do.
Proved by oath before the Lord Mayor of London, Clot Prince's
Russia Oil is the original and only genuine in the universe, even if
i
they want the genuine Russia Oil n Russia, or in any other country
in the world, they must t. nd to London for it; therefore if any
Perfumer, Medicine Vender, Hair-dresser, or any one else, in Great
Britain, France, Germany, the East and West Indies, and any other
countries, sell Russia Oil that i . not Prince's, it is here publicly men-
tioned, they are impostors, as they sail counterfeits to their customers.
Ladies and Gentlemen will be particular to ask for Prince's Rua.
sea Oil, at es. the small bottle, or a bottle containing the quantity of
five small, at I Is. is a saving of 7s. or a dozen t Is. bottles for 6L
Sold wholesale, retail and for exportation, by the sole l'roprieter,
Prince, Dentist, 9, John-streer, Oxford-street. London.—Observe. as
the numbers run irregular in John-street, Prince's house is next
door to a coachniaker's.,—Sold also by Mr. Smith, Perfumer to his
Majesty, New Bond-street; Ilendrie, Perfumer to her Majesty,
Tichbone-street; Bacon, 150, Oxford-street; Weston, 229, Strand;
Davison, so, Fleet-street; Rigge, 65 Cheapside; Holton, Tutc,
Royal Exchange; and by most Perfurnees; and Medicine Venders.
CAUTlON.—Observe " Prince" on the cover, and on the seal
of each bottle—without none is genuine. Be particular, as there are
several Hair-dressers, .Sec. who sell counterfeits.
Also Prince's Improved Dye, prepared with Spirits, is the only in-
nocent Dye in the Universe for changing, in a few minutes, red err
grey hair on the head, whiskers, eye-brows, &c. to a stark brown or
black, with no furt,ier trouble than to pour a little of the Dye in a
glass, then dip a comb in it, and comb it through the hair, which will
itnntediately dry, and have the desired effect. Plain directions are
sealed up with each bottle, so that any one can dye their own hair
with ease and secrecy, in a few minutes. As there are spuriaus Dyes
selling, be particular to ask for Prince's Dye.—Hallm-guinea a
a bottle, or two for 11. or a dozen for .5L
To aceommedate Ladies and Gentlemen that reside in any part of
the country, by enclosing the money in a letter, by post, to Mr.
Prince, John-street, Oxford-street, London, will send them by reuses
of coach to any part of the kingdom.
Prince's Russia Oil, and Prince's Dye, are So prepared ae to keep
in all climates--the older the better. Merchants, Captains, anti
Country Shopkeepers, will receive liberal allowance.
Merchants, Captains, and Private Families who have orders to
send Russia Oil abroad, will be particular to have Prince's, as there
is a wholesale Perfumer in the City who sells counterfeit.

LONDON MARKE7'S.

CORN RICHANGZ. MONDAY, OCTOBER 28.

We had but a middling supply of Wheat this morning from Essex
and Kent, consequently the sales were at an advance from this day
week of from 3s. to 40. per qr. but towards the close of the Market
the sales were heavy ; Bye is So. per qr. dearer ; and Malt and Boil-
ing Pc., have advanced very considerably; Mirky and Oats support
the prices of Friday, which was from Is. to 55. per qr. dearer than this
day week ; more money is asked for Flour, but not obtained.
• 11.
Wheat . 78 a I:: Whitt Pew 46 a5O Pohlll4l Oats . as a 36
Fine ditto - 106's Grey Prase 45 a4O Potatoc ditty 31 aIS
!lye . 47 •$1 titans . 40 a4l Fier Flour - KS a ti•
liar ey . 47 TI, is . sea a 4 , • Second ditto le aof
Malt SM a ail Oats . aSO I, 'tape Seed - 361. a 321.

VIM 6F URE•I/.
The highest price of the beet Wheaten Bread throughout the ma.
tropolis. is ►tated by the Bakers to be 14d. the Quartern Loaf.—.
Some Bakers melt the Quarter?' Loaf from Id. to 3d. lower.

LK QUARTER, FOR 111 E WEER
Oct.. It.

LNDINt:
Scotland.

knrand k Wder. Scotlend.

a. d. a. d.
Peens - - 41 3 -.-- •
Pe..se . - 31 0 . 8
Oatmeal . 30 8 • 0
lacer ur Bin --- 0 . •
