THE zLecrioN REGULATION BILL.

Mr. W. WYNNE no. eil the third reading of the Election,
Regulation Bill, and said he should propo.e au amendment to
the clause respecting the number of persons to he 110111'il
in a day. After the sicond day he should propose to in-
clude iu the 400 all votes tendered and rejected, if after-
wards 03 insestigation these votes should turn out goi-1
vote..

Colonel ALLEN thought the Bill required very considerable
amendments still, aim proposed, that instead of now, the Bill
should be read a third lime this day six mouths,.
Mr. MARRYAT particularly objected to that clanse of the
Bill which regulated the duration of the poll, and tie
number of persons to be polled in the day. The number
400 was fixed, whether for a Borough, or populous City, or a
County.
Mr. WILBERFORCE sa.d, with rettpect to the distribution of
cockades. he thought the penalty should not attach to the
person giving, but to the person wearing one.
Sir J. GRAHAM opposed the Bill ; which he thought would
greatly increase the calumets to be paid wad the l'uor flake
ur County Rate.
Mr. LOCKHART was in favaur of the clause. relitive to
cockades. Ile bad seen 50,00 cockades, la Vat..or tis.as pit cr,
given away at an Electiuu. Ab to the Rill m geneialtlie was
against it.
General Thoriiton and Mr. P. Moore oppeafitiii Bill ;
especially time clause. relutise to c i.ekades.
Mr. W. WyNNE ri plied, and detrudvd his Bill .j - •••
Muse theo divided—Pa The' third ti'atllngirs—ritr
Ito .Itutuduitut 41.--The Bill nu: thereter,e

'Of ARCII 9.

PllE ESTIMATES.

The Mune went into a Coinirsittee of Sopely. when
Lord PALMERsTON rose to 1111 l ve the Arniy Estimates. It
wonid be seen on reference to the Estimate:, that there %%mild
t,.• a diminution in the amount of the EstahlisillUi'lit, of
~fi3,00111. butt if a comparison was mad• of the total itinoun* nl•
the charges of last year, the Estimates were less by 4!8,8661.
'ihe whole summit of force on every atatiow hors this year than
:he last, would be 21,601.enen. The Noble Lord corclueltd
with moving that the uumber•cf laud forces for the service
of the year he 113,740. including the army in France,.Citc.
Mr. CALA:RAFT c,,utul net think that su large• au arm% as
t'3,000 men was requisite In the preservation of Great.Bri
:tin and Ireland, when in 1792 15,000 were deemed compe-
tent. With respect to the Finances of the country, they were
certainly. PM so flOtlrithing as to justify se large all Establish.
knew, nor so far, as he was informed, was the state of Ireland
so iin.ranquil, as to induce the Government to keep au army
double in amount to the fore.• in larlia. At present ha. should
abstain f or offeriog any motion for reduction, but in bring-
ing up the report, he should move to reduce the number or
cct of 9,000. . . .

Sir M. W.:RLDLeT agreed in thescpittion of his Honourable
Friend.

_
Lord PATANZRaTON• said, the 26,00 men proposed to be
taken for home defence were not, in fact, purely for that de-
fence ; fur they.would be applied, in part, to relieve our
re-insmits ; for upon a calciiiatteo, en the. average,
about 3300 watlld be sent out to relieve the Colonies annually,
--To this might be ridded the non-effective who must be re-
placed, and also the stations in the Channel.
Mr. Waxing could not see why so large an army should be
kept at home, as well us in France.
Mr. PEEL contended, that it was impossible to keep np an
army in France, and reduce at the same time our Establish-
ments at home. - The people had suffered great privations,
to they had submitted in a manner that reflected the
greatest credit on their forbearance I and truly happy be wai
to hear this testimony to their general character.
Sir W. BUlthatiGHS maintained, that under a deficit of 14
millions it was impossible the country could go on keeping up
large a military establishment, after !icing three years at
peace. With respect to the-atate of Ireland, if the Right
Jlonotwahle Gentleman's congratulations on the.trauqiiil con-
e.,tion of that kingdom were correct, what necesidty, he would
ask, could there be fora yeomanry force of 41,000, and a re-
gular army of 20.0e0 men, to preserve a country, which, ac.
conlins to the Right Himont:able Gentleman, was now so- very
quiet.
A. desultory conversation •then. arose betueen-Mr. Warre,
Lord Palmerston, Mee Babington, Mr. Lone, Mr. Forbes, and
it F. Flout. After which the Motion was Agreed to.
The Noble Lord then moved the various sums, for the
expenditure which were agreed tooth' the report was
Otticrt.ct to be received to-morrow.

Mr. V %MCI-CART then proposed *motion for granting a
.anni, not rxereding 1,909,0001. for discharging the interest,
. on Exchequer Bills, ou Iris's Treasury Bills, loud on Silver
Notre.

After some observations from Mr. GRENPIEtL, this Motion
WO' agreed to.
- -

The Right Hon. Gentleman then moved for a grant of
1,014,6:5f:0 pay off Treasury Rills i4sued in Ireland for the
service of the year 181&, and 500,091 t. for discharging some
advances made by the Bank, which were agreed to.
Mr. lfAnuc observed, that the Hight Hon. Gentleman had
intended to move a grant of some meney in respect to certain
works in the Netherlandsorisingout-of a treaty entered into
at the niettoog at Paris. He wished to know.what.the 84111
u4s, aid why it was not tuoved this evening.
Mr. VANAIITART replied, it would be moved on .Wednes-
Liy. The suns thus stipulated for was
.a part of the sum
.;reed upon at. the Congress for completing the harriers of
:he Netherlands,..aad the frontier of the Pyrenees.
After some obseriations from Mr. Shaw, the 'deport was
-.greed to.
Mr. PM. obtained leave to bring in a Bill to abolish the
ystein of taking prison fees in Ireland, which was read a first
and ordered to bo read a second time on that day tarts
and to be printed.
Mr. VA%SITTART moved for kave to brine in a Bill to pre-
ent any inconvenience arising to the lower orders from too
rapid a call of the silver tokens into the Batik. This Bill
would peopm:e, that for a twelvemonth after the 2Lth March,
tokens shookd he ree,cived.in tli2_ payment of postage' -ail
:axes.-.-A4,•reed to. ,Adjoura-rd.

TUESDAY.
HABFAS CORPUS susvmsion.

':Mr. RENNET wished to draw the attention of the 'louse to a
Petition he had to present from an individual who had bezn
spprehended and confined. , The Petition was from J oniollan
Buckley, of Watrington in Lancashire. It stated he. was
....onfitied for several weeks at Praston.•and came np to court
at a greatexpence. The Petition was laid.cn the table and
• ordered to sbe printed.
Mr. lisotelET had also Another Petition to,present from one
Famoel Billing, of Marringtnti,which made the same coin-
:aint as the former.. The .Petttion was then brought np and
on the table.

Mr. 13t3iNi.T. wished to ask the Attorney General, whether
it waslis intention 10 bring.these persons to trial for the pub-
ot the parodirs., after the acquittals of Mr. Bone, the
principal man who had been charged with the °deuce iu the
nomniission of which they had been implicated, or whether
he would feel it his iltity to.dischyrge them filial their recog.
izauces.

Ihe ArrottsrA.GEw..:;tab did nor think it his duty to
an don the proseention.he•cause these had beris an acquittal
:a the ease of none ; but whether in the individual ease he
s:!nisld or not prosemite, was e•µtirely another question.
;dr. LITTLEIuu was glad that an opportunity had been
::tturded him of expressing his opinion of the subject of those
setestable libels, fur which, though Hone had been acquitted
by the. verdict of a jury, that ought not to alter the opinion of
ruy man nit their nature. He would take the liberty of sub-
riitting whether the juries might not have been indisposed
:awarits any, Efate prosecutions, 00 .sccount of the measure
tuner which the people had been smarting (hear, hear,) and
.the manner in which other state prosecutions had been cosh
ducted : and it was question how tar such a state of mind
:night exist when the Bill of Indemnity was going to be pro-
vosed to the House.
Mr. UM/I:CHAN was pleased that an opportunity was also
-.tiered to him of expressing his opinion on whu.t formed a
nriuripal subject of the Petition they had lately heard. He
:lad a most complete dislike of such publications themselves ;
hut religion, he thonglis far its own sake, ought never to fur:
mtana for the expression of political displeasure.
Lord CALTLERMAriII tilepsht that for :o:sty to travel oat of
!Felt way is find eut the notirs 2f prcncuiloa9) was a do:-

THE NATIONAL REEtISTER.

trine so utonktrons, and so dangerous, that he could not but
protest.a2airnit it.

Bnovotihst said, that the doctrine which the Noble
Lord had been reprobating was no doctrine of hie. His dooe-
triu 'had that a jury could do no other ibe, when placed
in particular cireitinssances,lnati ache hail stated. Wlll,ll
they 11.1t.1 folio() a conrse of libels of the *am, I,lad as the)
were ti vine impittlisiletl, they h•ull no t.ther way but that of
taking tlie line of conduct to which he had hinted.

Mr: WILBERFORCE could not but feel gratefel to his Hun.
Friends that they bad expressed st.ch sentiments on the sub.
ject as he had heat ti front them, and he could ant but express
it as his opinion Ili:tithe officers of the Crow ii would not have
done their duty if they had not exercised the authority of
the law nVlinbl the publications that had been mentioned.
Lord CowiRANE said that the 'aligns of the grievances coin-
plaiiied of arose from political motives, though these motives
were not stated. This rousenient bombe was laid hold of,
fur the purpose of oppressing individuals who attempted to
expose the conduct of his Majesty's hlinisters in the. manner
which appeared to them most effectnal. He hoped the House
would listen wills attention to the prayer of the Petition laid
upon their table ; and that, if the grievances complained of
were found to be true, and supported by evidence, they would
not screen the guilty from punishment.
Sir S. HOMILLY ruse to pi e,eut a Petition from certain in-
habitants.el the city of Hiistol, proving for Parliamentary
Reform, and yeeiied by about 30 individuals. An °pillion had
become general that to present Petitions vetted by a greater
tiumber,witil contrary to law as it now aloud. TiO4,lloWeVer,
'5115 a great mistake. Thee( was, indeed, a law pas4dafter
the restoration which rendered it penal for persons to go
about to solicit signatures to A petisiou.. to a greater lumber
than 20; bid there was none to prevent Petitions with signa
tures to any extent, when she Petitioners t ante regularly for-
ward to de so. AThis was the state of the law, and it should be
generally known. There were 44 other Petitions fur the sante
purpose, all from the same place, and with the sa4e.number
of signatnres.
Lord COCHRANE presented a variety of Petitions fur Re-
form. He had a hundred Petitions from Yorkshire. torty-five
from Leeds, fifty-four from L'iistiol, and five front Newcastle.
upon-Tyne.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT brought op the Report of the Committee
of Supply.
Mr. lATTLETON had no intention of objecting 40 the grants
that had been made, but he wished to call the attention of the
Noble Lord (Palmerston) to the practice of exacting from
every half.pay officer all affidavit that he had held no other
office or uniployment. He would Ask whether there was any
cogent, reason of economy, or any general reason, fur so harsh
a proceeding ? This appeared to lint] to he a very cruel and
unjust regalation. Many officers were at much pains, and
endured great difficulties and privations, its order to secure
souse provision rut their families. . How very unseasonable
and. unjust was it, that if they.4v.ere ssiecessful,their widows
must forfeit the pensimota which they would have been othei-
wise.trititled. How very miserable too, was the saving that
could be mode by those regulations. The whole charge of
pensions was 90,0001. a year. lie hoped that the Noble Lord
. would rhauge this tssisnaturd ectiutimy.

Lord PALMCRSION replied, it was the consequence of a
section in the Appropriation Act. Half-pay officers were
not entitled to engage in civil offices, and to take the half•
pay, which was a kind of retaining fee for the army. If they
engaged in civil employment, they w mild loose their military..
character. Besides ►t ought to, be an object with them to be
reappointed to active service. The smallness of their.balf.
pay was a motive for desiring thisobject. If they were allowed
toengage in civil employments, 'native might be removed,
and they might become averse to the return of active service.
The first resolution was then read, that-the army for the
present year he 113,000 men.
Sir. W. BURROUGHS insisted tbalso laree an army was in-
consistent. with the promises of Ministers, the expectations
of the country, and the state of Europe. •Our.army was now
proposed to be 113,000 men, the third year after ho►tilities
ceased, and while we were at peace with all the world. The
Eatablishments proposed by the Noble Lord were not only
greater than the finances of the country would support, but
than its-exigencies required. ..The Honourable Baronet alter
some farther observations, concluded by moving as amend-
ment, that the nanilier of men voted for the service of the
year be 103,640, instead of 113,540, as proposed by the origi_
cal estimate.

Lord PALMERSTON considered it sufficient to reeal to their
attention generally to the prodigious changes which the events
of war and the operation of various calms had introduced
into the internal situation of the counts y. t them look at
the increase of our population, and the consequent increase
of turbulence. The additional charge upon the Revenue
was created by the increased pay and allowances,and he had
not-understood that any • Honourable Member was prepared
to recommend any reduction in those branches of expendi-
ture.

_ .
Mr. CALCRAFT had no hesitation in dctlairing his belief
that the reduction of ten thousand .racti was practicable.
'the only causcassigned for not te4 king larger reductions was
the present system of ieliels ; but against this, which he
admitted ta.-be an advantage, it was tint fair to set the opera
lion of the recruiting service. With regard to the increase
of pay and allowances, the charge thus ereated was only an
additional reason for scrutinizing the establishment, which
could nut be separated from the consideration of our fi-
rm: es.

Mr. BROUGHAM Mid, it became the Commons of England
—as many, at least, as were then assembled there—to instst,
that the untidier of troops to be maintained, especially in this
counts v, should uut exceed what it was in 1794. ar of
permanent pear( , and %%lien all danger of internal commotion
Was allowed to have erased, it was fur ministers, and not for
ihose who silt on his side of the. House, to ►how why the fir cc
s'aulild be increased bm y mid what it was at that period.
Having staled thus much, he should merely add that he
felt it his duty to oppose so large a standing army, and lie
moat heartily approved of the amendment of his Honourable
Friend.

Lord CAsn.gitxe CH observed, that this was a subject of
great importance, mid deserved the mast set ions coniiiiera-
lion of the House ; :nit he was confident that, if .tkie House
were not sittistiett that esery possible reducziou had been
made, there wont(' have been on fuller attendance of Mem-
bers on thin s•ccasiun. Arguti.cnis bad been nrged which
could not be 7(untradicted, and them fore it was lIIIIMCCFSary
that they shcild be repeated. He mast protest, ittivresei,
against the.y: ar !NY as the standard tut- the present Vicar.
Pbcre 0‘,04 nu, instance iu V. inch Mr. Pitt took a mule mt.
sound vILW of the state of the country : in the very next
year the country was at war, not merely for the put pose of
opposing tbra danger of French principles within, but from
the necemity of coping with French priociptes from without.

Mr. Pitt bud certainly failed in his calculation, and he (Lord
Castlereagh) tbounbt that Miuis.ers could not make any fur-
ther reduction with safety to the eosin' ry.
Mr. BoOliG it AM, iii explanation. slated that he had fixed on
the year 1792 a+ the standaid t"r oar present establiAlsincnt,
not on account of the war which had followed, but of the in-
ternal regulal lout of the country.
Lord Cas'fi.tamAGll baid, that Mr. Pitt was as much
disappointed in his domestic policy as in his external regula-
tions.

Mr. RAMLE6 observed, that iu the year 1792, circumstan-
ces so extraordinary had occurred av could never have beta
contemplated. Some reduction might he made in the
her of troops to be maintained in Oreat I.lritaiu, and a gradual
reduction should be Mad(' iu Leland.

The House then divided upou the amendment of Sir Win,
Surto The utimbers vrece—Ayeii, 27--Noes,
jority, 23.

WEDNKSDAY.

Mr. ARBUTHNOT moved, that the Einose Itottlcl go into
Committer of supply,
when the non. Gentient.to proposed 4
Resolution for graining to his M.tjesty 300.0001. to provide
fur charges on the Civil L,talishineut, nut pinviiled.tor is
thy Civil List.

Mr. TtentsgY thought this method of voting 500.0n)i. iu
one litltU, took array the coutr,ol of PAriiameutops throe iiilgbt
be several items included ill this vote, which, if submitted to
Pet Moneta, would be opposed.
Mi. VAL:wing:. Gine' veil, the Right Hon. Gentleman
must be aw ire that it wa, impossible to comply with the
course lie reiNnimientled ; since many of the services to be
provided for by this vote, could out be made the subjeciel'
Estimate. If there was any which could be esunt.tted, hr
had nu objection to their being submitted to the Committee
of Finance, and to take for the present 230,0001, no ac-
count.

Mr. WM:CM objected to the large stun charged this year
fur the leitair of public Works, which had increases' front.
bOOOl. to 17,0001. lie alio uhjeeted to the vote of 100,0301.
to the GOVerllUr of Sierra Leone ou account of Black Slaves
wade tree.

Mr. ARBUTHNOT said, considerable sums bad been ex-
pended this year in providing a place fur the reception of the
C.lgiir Marbles at the Bi dish Mosconi. A considerable tom
had also been eapeuded at the Mint, in consequenee of the
extensive coivage of gold and silver which had taken place
in the last year.
After a few words from Sir C. Moack, the amended Resole..
tion for 250,0001. was agreed to.
Mr. A itauTuNoT,then proposed a vote of YO,OOOl. for Hig'..•
land roads and bridges; which, alter a few words 1.10111
Mr. Gordon arid Mr. Arbuthnot, was agreed to.—Slaty.
thousand pounds was then proposed for the Polite:atm/
House at Mill-bank.

Alter sane convemition, the Resolution was agreed to,;
as were rexoltitioto for grunting

.C1).000. for expences of the Peoitemi
P 5,000, for Law Charge.; for the year.
39,000, fur Canyzas t home.

n:000, for E%peuces of Prosecutions on the subject of the Coin.

On proposing a Resolution for granting 48951. fur Superin-
tentluuLe of Aliens, 'Sir M. W. Ridley objected to tint stliu„
as too large; mod declared if the.Vute was persisted in, he
would take the. sense of the Committee omit.

Mr. ARBUTHNOT said, he *mild for the present withtirno
it ; when the fullo,sing Resolutions were agreed w

£17,000, for printing Acts of Parliament.
437, for printing the 71st Volume of the Journal&
4,655, to ,Rite Trustees of her Royal Highness the Princess Char•
late, which would have bean due at the time of her
Royal Highness's death.
4,400, for punting the Votes of the House of Commons.
6,844, for defseiency,,o( 1613 for printing Journals.
• 1,969, for 1150 copies of General Index to the Journals of the
House of Lords.
9,777. for Maintenance of Criminal Lunatics.
.18,500, fur American Loyalists.
1,750, for retired Clerks in Public Qffices.
15,450, for the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone.
36,440, for Nova Scotia Establishment.
12,653, fur New South Wales, ditty.
10,800, for Upper Canada ditto.
6,757, for New Brunswick ditto.
5,485, for Newfoundland ditto.
3,750, for the Isle of St. John ditto.
6,301, for the Bahama Islands ditto.
2,190, for Cape Breton, ditto.
600, for Dominica ditto.
80,'J00, for Bills drawn fur New SoutlyWales.

1,093, to discharge Exchequer Hills, according to th" Act of
Queen Anne, now iu the chest of thek.xelaquer.
Mr. VANSITTART then lose to propose his vote fora *WTI
to defray expellers of the fortresses in the Netherlands,
namely, 721,6251. in part of the 2,000,0001. voted by this
country to the King of the Netherlands for the construc-
tion of fortresses, pursuant, to the :freaty between the iwo
countries.

111 r. Wwnnu wivhsd to know the speceic ground, of this
vote.

Lord CASTLEREAOII said, by the Treaties _between the
Allies it was nerved that 6u,0001. was to be contributed
by France towards this work ; the _fortresses st ere to toe
erected under the superiutenilance of the Doke Welling-
ton ; the estimates to be made out by two engineers ap•
.proved by his there, and the sums paid by France to be .ar •
plied to the work-as they were paid ; this country ,ani tie
Netherlands to pay each a sum of Y,000,u001. iu tuck pro-
portions us required,—The Vote proposed .by his Right
lion. Friend to-night was proposed of ;that
Treaty.
The Resolution av aI; agreed to. --The Hanse resumed, awl
the Report was ordered to be wctireil iu-aiorrew.

Lett . LAIMV:LLSII pretested a Pei ition, signed by a mime-
roils Is;Aly of, the inlishitants of Yorkshire,complaii.-
ing of the mode adopted in collecting the Assessed Tium,
and ellitictihkrly in collecting tlic ditties on inhabited houses
and vtittd•t‘s ; that they were fated to Unstick lent of Hies:.
whole altl.ongli their dwelling
,Ininses
' Pell:ter%l-11
iiiei'rtirtiti rcraolaisted of tho.heavy buriliesin of th,.
country rates, and n!:-.0 of an attempt which had been made
by the colle ctor'. to cluirci• thimi, in casts in it Welt indiye.
dusk hatt employed their SOH% niece children, to carry out
prees, w:11: the Jolty for Nittli children sailor hared *erten',
Mr. V4N9!'ZIAIiT jail oth;lst. be tatittectury to the
Howie to be iiitorintd pfrlat. hteaotuvs bad ,Oten utultr
cooWderation, and %timid speediay be ot!opted-for. the cent:
of Oise percns..—Ortleted lobe on the table.
CALCRAFr, in dames to at question pot to him,said, be
should bring ton, .ii hit Motion for the repeal of the
Lawson the 10th inst.

the ronaii,l:r the tt Mt 37.214.1.1agt:

THE NATIONAL REGlsnein

LONDON :

M.IRCII P. P. 719.

Tit % accae.nts reeeivel on Friday, from the Coast,
are very distressing. The Tempest on Wednesday night
NI'A the most violent ever remembered. At Ports-
r.t'.?,,th the hurricane seems to have been most awful.
The tide rose six inches beyond its greatest height at
a::; former periud, and the difference between the even-
;ell morning tide was five feet perpendicular. At
Viri.;:ite, the Nlarquis of Wellesley Last Indiatnan is on
store, bet will be got off. At Ramsgate the Asia East.
kdimaan, is on shore on the lqain. The Fly cutter
lost her firemast and bowsprit, and above twenty other
ship received damage and left their cables and anchors.
At Cowes, for forty years past the title was never hymn
Lie so high, and the intelligence fl'om Deal, \‘'cv-
n• uth, and Southampton, is tqually distressing.' '1 he
was such as to create the utmost alarat Ott,
cr. shore, where every moment it was feared it would
I ave 1.);:en accompanied with wee great convulsion or
nature. The stairs, piers, and sea walls about Haslar
and South Sea Cie4lo. arc considerably dc:naged ; and
the whole of that bceutiful and useful work, the New
Pier at R.: 'c, is e.tio.. to have been almost totally des-
true. %V at :orsernerl. to add, that between Rams-
gate and ll:oadetuirs several dead bodies have been
cast on shore.

Paris Pipers to a late date h.svc Iwtr. rc,eircdau7ing
tl.e week, hut eleir euntct.te are unireportmit. Utters
from raris etnounee that the Police had arrested three
iltvlf4 who Were fusrcetei of not uneon.
c. :e...11 it. th.:ettcrept up'n the Take of Wc:lillgton.

Friday tii.,•ht r. llitisaburgh nntil arrived. B, it we
le.rn the new King of Sweden is to be crowned on the
e.:th inst. He expects hi 3 Queen from France.
A nutice was published on the 10th ult. in the Ber-
lin papers, addressed to all Swedish and Norn,c„-iln
suliects, to appear, nn the 15th of March, at the hotel
of the Swedish Ambassador to tale the oath vf
anze to his Nlajesty Charles Jilin, King of Sweden and
tiorway.i

C

.:v

;17, i)

vecr.ll:4 ;,!': r• - $(1:11e mis•
..;) f;•.)ra autlicatic

t 1.1:1 v.111::1

i . i~.^

1,F:!, was nrt r;Lr, r!;.-
carc.
c:Lr, , ,kc

THE NAWIONAL VEGISTEII.

liberty, and the Captain had his freight paid hint. It
is not the sot! bf the English enusur that the Dey com-
mandcd to be arrested, hut a person of the name of
Ben Zaman, sori of an ancient English Vice-Consul.—
This" yoking man has not been imprisoned, but obliged
to beccnnea Masse:man, and the Dey has given him an
employment In hi service. Lastly, it is not the daughter
of the Sardinian Vice Consul who had teen carried off
• and shttt up in the Seraglio, but the daughter of a per-
. son named 'Ponsibinio, a Sardinian =fleet, who, after
having been fbr twer.t7.. years in slavery at' Algiers,
now lives at liberty and carries on a little trade. This
young person is only the God-daughter of M. Dams,
the Sardinian Vice-Consul, who has formerly been se-
veral times in Mika.

We have had no arrival of Paris Papers since Thurs-
day last. Pour Ity's Journals arc nr w due. _

The Finance Committee in its. progressive lab Ours
has just brought out its Seventh Report ; this Report
relates wholly to the Army Estimates, and is neither
interesting by any detection of extravagance, or regula-
tion of economy; a clause of .the first paragraph is per-
Imps the most important, which states that the num-
bers 03 the present Army Estimates below those of
1817 arc diminished (only) by about '4OOO men, and
tl:at this reduction takes place in the troops stationed in
Iceland, the remainder upon every other home and fo-
reign station cuntinuitig nearly upon the former esta-
-I.ll.:inenr. The estimates fur 1817 were 3,3.51,3771.
and fur 1818, 3,:177,3741. baing less in the latter year
by 74,0021. lOs. ; but what is more singular still, it:,
that the Staff for 1813 is more thanthat.of the preced-
ing year by 3,1341. _ _ _

II the Coarse of a conversation which arose in the
11Juse of Coin:none on Widnes:lay night, on the motion
of Mr. Brougham, for the appointinent of a Com-
mittee to enquire chat steps had been adopted for At>.
stroyit:;; decum:•!lt3 relative to the deceased Pro-
perty 'Fax, the l !lane( llor of the Exchequer unequivo-
cally 41; Oared, that it was not his intention, under any
ciretun,tances, during a period of peace, to propose a
r;Atival of that Tax. This declaration of the Right
I Ton. Gentleman is important, inasmuch as it will dissi-
pate the apprehensions entertained by many persons,
that an attempt to revive this oppressive Tax, not-
withstanding the declared opinion of the country on
the subject, would form one feature of theituancial
system to be submitted to the new Parliament.
The Election Bill is thrown out, there was not a
single clause in it, which went to narrow Ale power and
means of corruption ; its sole purpose seemed to be, to
spare the candidates purse, in the little offices °fla-
vours, to shorten the pllification of the time, and to
patch up a parsimonwus return. All the usuagcs of
absolute and tangible bribery remain untouched..
Mr. Curwen proposed a clause in his Bill, to oblige
every Member to take an oath at the Table on his,atl-
mission, that he hail not procured his election or return
by any act of bribery, bargain, promise, or reward,
either by himself or others—and that be would neither
fulfil nor be accessary to the fulfiling of any bargain,
promise, or contract dim had been made fcr hint, and
that a verdict in a Court of Law, proving that he had
obtained his scat by corruption, should not only be a
forfeiture of his seat, but should subject him to the
pubis anti pnialtiet; of pajury.
The following is an Extract of a Letter, received in
town on Friday morning, from-the Captain of the ship
Romulus, bound to Noriblk (Virginia), lying in the
Downs:s—

" In the t rents:adults gale of Wednesday night, a ship,
totally distuasted, ss.fist down under his stem, and all
hands on hoard ptriwlicd ; he could not rtmdc: any as-
sOue,,, but was forced to cut his twc, ci.bles and run
for Et:no:gate Harbour, not b.:ing ab:e to ride out the
;rale ;. he states that upwards of .CO vessel, were on
shue flt difierent parts of the coast."
A Court of Common Council was hcg at Guildhall,
Frilay, when un Especial Committee was appointed
to report to the Court en the order of the 'louse of
C:aumons, -On pursuance of Mr. H. Sumner's motion,)
requiring the Corporation to lay their necoants before
that house.—Mr. %Voodthorpc, Jun. was appointed
Deputy Town Clerk, and Anthony I iarrison, was
elected a Murshalman in the room of D. Cartwright,
deaeased,

There will be.saveral new candidates for the City of
London. A publie meeting of Mr. Waithman's friends
is adver•ix.l for Thursday next, and it i 3 intimated that
Mr. AM. Thorp intends to start on the popular interest.
A motion was lately. mado in the Legislature of
Massachusetts, to alter, by law, the names of the days
is the week. in catts•-tinence of their being derived from
t'r,e 11e/11:;:a Clo-ls. •We are yo. to horn the fate of
this rnatior, which wily could have origiaated mat& land
of vatic •e c.

A tat): place ir,rt.l.tv 1.1::t. in . the
.ot.m.!
.Tors !Z:wEn. itr tht: Cavalc :tt t IvltLtu a tatiott cf
it'i ••ta,ltt.v.i in a wat. t;;Titiot
rm. rex Niartril it: 1.:%:•:ur Varl
arc no, be t!•ta •i!lt Fatrons
L.ltereti -1)11 :11.1-mt /;;•01. wt:S c‘ri-
trilNotcd. Earl of a tioaa..:.-.1
,f 1.0001.

NtAltrri 9

Win-mourn, Frs. .-11 is Serene Highness Prince
Leopold, on hearing of the melancholy death of the late
Sir It. Croft, immediately suspended all his favourite
amusements; and the effect produced on his mind by
the news of this melancholy catastrophe may be betfir
conceived than described. We are happy in stating,
that, notwithstanding all untoward circumstances, the
health of this illustrious Pc:rsona,,,re continues in an im.
proving state. The Prince and his establishment are
expected to occupy the King's Lodge in the course of a.
fortntbr: _ _

The Duchess of Gloucester has been honoured with
the selecting of the wedding dresses, ornaments, dec.
for the intended Duchess of Cambridge, with which a
Hanoverian Messenger left town on Wednesday. They
are extremely elegant. The Royal Duchess (to hoc
credit be it spoken) has selected the whole of British
manufacture.

The Hereditary Prince of Hesse nombourg, whose-
unir,rt with the Prinesses Elizabeth of England seems
to be certtiim, is Getteral.of Caralry in the Austrian
Nrvice, the Proprietor of a Regiment of Hussars. Ne.
Leipsit he commanded the reserve army. and in francs.
led the Allied Southern Army which took Lyons. The
pupil of•Loudohn, ivitil: still very young, distinguished
himself in the siege and storming 1)I Bel,grade, and was
remarked in the succeeding war equally for humanity
And bravery.

It is defluitively arrange.:L•that the marriage of her
!loyal Highness the Princess Elisabeth, with the
Prince of Hesse liombonrg, shall-take place in Easter,
week. After spending two or three weeks at Craft-
bourne Lodge, which is prep :ring for their reception,
the Royal couple will proceed &Decay to Hamburgh,
through France, by way of Calais. Lady Campbell
and Lady Elizabeth Montage will have the honour of
attending her Royal Highness mt the journey, and Sir
Harry Campbell will also be of the party.
Monday being the Duchess of Cumberland's birth.
day, the same was observed in the morning by the
King's Guards, at St. James's Palace, with military.
honours,. &c. In the evening, the Duke and Duchei
gave a grand dinner upon the occasion to the Prince
of I lesse Hombourg, and a select party.
Report says' that a conf‘rence took plan between an.
illustrious Duke and Ministers on the subject of his
wished-for matrimonial alliance; when the objectiuns
of the confidential advisers of tile Prince Regent to 6:1
Royal Dukt;'s marriage with a subject of the 'Cr<iv:r.,
were frankly stated.- It is added that his Ftqyal il.igli-
ness required sonte.titne to give his definitive an.s,r,
whether he would' persist in putting the entry bid the
books of the Privy Council, according. to the provision
hr the statute, where previous an was withheld:.

Miss Wykehern's father was twice marrictl : she and
her brother were by the first marriage. Her bre:her
died young., and :"lips Wykeham had lJng
suit with her uncle, Philip NVykehar3, Esq. which-was
finally decided in her .favour by the present -lord
Chancellor. Her father's second wife is now marriel
to a limner, near 13anbury, aid has an annuity or 30t.
a year From the Thame estate. M;ss Wylcehatn delights
in field sports; and has reetatly gut the name of :Wet
Wyfehans.
The new Queen of Sweden appears to wiih'to re-
incvnito ; she lives at Paris under Cie ne.fai of
the Countess of Gothlarul

The carriage of the Prince of Hesse Hombourg
Wai actually lost, for a time, during the litre:cane .):1
Wednesday nialit. When the servants went to p:t
the horses to, at the time apoointel, to• take his Serene
Highness from Alinack's, they were thrown into con-
siderable alarm at finding it removed from its station in
the King's Mews, and it was sometime before it -.vas
discovered in au obscure touter, at the bottom of the
Mews, near Cockspur-street. The wind had blawa-it
a distance of nearly 200 yards.
Election contests generally produce references to t
roily matter. Thus, it is now stated, that the •Eiany
of the prc,ent Earl of Lonsdale have been settled in
Westmoreland ever since the year 810. Sir John
Lowther, one of the ancestors of the present Earl, repre-
sented that county in Parliament in 1624. The floilg-
ham estates were purchased of the Bird family, the
latter end' of the seventeenth century, by Cormni3sioncr
Brougham, who entailed them upon his flair nephecc,s,
from the vocageg of which the present Mr. Brungla.:A
is descended.

ANTIQUITIM—AI,cut three weeks ago some men, in
the employ of Sir W. Hicks, Bart. while tliwing up
the root of an di ash tree, at Cot-Tea-hill, Lbout fors
miles from Gloucester, struck r.r. a large stone ; and on
removing it they discovered a tight of steps leading !iv
tta apartment, in the centre of whirls was a ci:4•:,t
about a vt;eil rivare in leaning teat mm, the
of a bliealo lord r. bui!ock, with hornr!, awl the remai....l
ni :t fire phtre, with a qu:nititly of %,,lotls ivhcF,
apar.:o, ••

; in r.ne of 1%-1.;..11 •.•t.7 vori:.tts. ;OF. ; 1 •
C.J. pavement, a:r.a lac rcot.ain% of sevontl ttr:ll
tigure,l titles of Roman of co, .-:
airartmontc. and also ;Iv.:
r 11.:,:: i 1.11:t
Fc.trit. t. al of ..1111
;In a

1011
