THE NATIONAL RFGIS ('ER

dominions was the ultimate bliject. (Hear, hear.) He had
always inuintained such doctrine. The petitioner► maintained
such doctrine. He now thought that tie was laying the first
stone of that great work which would finally put ■ gradual ter
ruination to ►leery throughout the British dominions. (hear.)
The clerk then read the petition at length.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CANNING a►ked whether it was intended to found any
motion on this petition I
Mr. BUXTON gave notice, that on the 2-2 d April lie should
move that such petition he referred to a committee, to consider
the state of slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. HUME moved for returns oral' persons prosecuted for
blasphemous libels, from Ifik2 to this time ; also for seditious
libel►,how tried, &c.—Ordered.
SUPPLY—ARMY EXTRAORDINARIF.S.

The House having reaulved into a cusuutittre of supply,
• Mr. LUSIIINGTON moved the great of 6.10,0001. lur the
extraurdivaries of the truly.

Mr. MIME particularly objected to the grants included in
the estimates of 320,0001. for Canada of 170,00 W. for the
Cdpe of Good Hope ; and to the expetice of making Bermuda a
naval station. lle also complained of our establishments in

the lonian Islands, 810 maintained that the policy intuited by
Sir T. 314itland nude our •' protection" or those Islands the
greatest curse that could have beEt,len them. Ile strongly
maintained, that the colonies ought to be forced to maintain
their own establishments.

After wine remark* from Mr. Bennett, &o. the resolution*
were agreed to.—Report Inajtorrow.
The remaining tontines' hating been disposed of, the Muse
adjourned.

THURSDAY, MARCH 20.

There being only thirty-five members present at four
o'clock, the Speaker deolared the llouae to stand adjourned
till to-morrow.

FRIDAY, MARCH 21.
Mr. IL SUMNER presented a petition from Waltham, nom-
pl lining of the Coal Duties.—Order:d to be primed.
Mr. TC!,L presented a petition, with a like payer, from
Sudbury.
Mr. CURWEN moved for returns of woollen rags imported
—Ordered.

Sir F. SLAKE presented a petition from Hereford, praying
that a heavier ditty alight be imposed on Hawkers and Pedlars'
Licences. Ordered to be printed.

Mr C. COLE presented a petition from Clarcorganshire, com-
plaining of Agriculture! Distress, Ste.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE spoke of the importance of the peti-
tion, and of the attention which it deserved from the House—
Petition ordered to be printed.
A petition Will presented, praying that the coal duties be-
tween the Forest of Dean sad Chepstow, might he placed on
an equal footing.
Sir T. WILSON presented the St. Saviour's, Southwark,
Market Bill. '

15901.'10%T DMITORS-SirIi.WILSON presented a petition
from the Doroagh of houthwark, against the insolvent Debtors'
Arts.

Mr. IIOBIIOUSE spoke of the necessity of reviling the
whole system. and of the extravagant expense of the present
Court. In Sergeant Itunnington'a tune (during two years), the
expenses were 9,9311. and in that time there was paid into
Court 0,0001.; but now for one year and a half, the expense
was 20,9001. and paid into Court 6,3001. Those facts alone,
be thought, showed the necessity of a complete revision.
Petition ordered to be printed.
Sir T. WILSON moved for returns of persons confined by
warn nig or the Southwark and Brixton Courts of Requests.—
Ordered.

Scorch CovaTs.—Sir R. FERGUSON presented a petition
frotn John Hay, complaining of the Court of Session, Scot-
land.
The LORD ADVOCATE said, the House hid doubtless
heard enough of John Hay ; he was before the House last
year.
Mr. HOBHOUSE said, according to what be understood,
Lord President Hope bad appeared as accuser—was then ex-
amined as a witness, and afterwards pronounced sentence.—
Such :night he law in Scotland; but if it were such, it ought
to cease.

Mr. HUME, in reply to the Lord Advocate, quoted several
aflidAvits from many merchants, aid others, giving Mr. Hay
au excellent character.
The LORD ADVOCATE observed, that Mr. Hay had
quarrelled with every body, all his own eatablishrnent, &c.
and then he proceeded to libel the Courts. Were those things
to he borne ? Lt his imprisonment all the fifteen Judges bad
agreed.
After some remarks from Mr. Peel, &o. the petition was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. Hussissos, in reply to !the inquiry of Mr. Sykes,
said he should not press the Merchant Vessels Apprenticeship
Bill till after the holidays.
W INDOW TAIL—Mr. HODHOUSE gave notice, that on
the 13th of May he should mere limo total repeal of the Window
Duty.
Mr. WALLACE moved, that the House go into a Commit-
tee on the Warehousing Dill.
Mr. ROBERTSON adndited the importance of the bill, but
declared that its machinery was such as to destroy the good
effects contemplated by the bill.
'llse House divided un the question that the Speaker do leave
the Chair—For it, 80—Against it b.
The House resolved into the Committee, in which there was
au extended conversation on several of the clauses.
Toe BEER Tlt.DE.—The CHANCELLOR of the EX-
CHEQUER, at a late hour (past twelve o'clock), rune to pro-
pose Resolutions on this 'subject. (Hear, hear). The substance
of his plan was, to allow an intermediate duty of five shillings
per barrel upon a beer to be brewed of a certain strength,
—fire barrels from a quarter of malt, and not to be sold for
more than 275. a barrel, or ten-pence a gallon ; such beer to
be brewed by persons taking out a specific licence, rot to he
clottik on the premixes v here made, or at common public
' houses, but at shops, as coffee and tea now were, such shops
being Deemed fur that purpose. The Right Hue. Ceidleinan
moved a resolution to this Wed.
Mr. Alderman VI mud, Mr. Brixton, Sir R. Coukhurn, Mr.
Alderman Bridges, soil Mr. F. Painter expressed uoubta oldie
ittlicsey of the proposed plan as a relief fur the poor, and very
strongly urged the injustice of the measure as regarded este-
' Wilted brewers and publicans.
The R. solution was however agreed to.—Report on Mon-
day.—Adjourned at a quarter before one.

The severity of the weather has been such in Po-
land, that the wolves have tittered the farmers'
stables in whole flocks for 'built r, and num►ers have
two killed.
