ADHRESS TO THE PEOPLE OF PORTUGAL.

Po R 1 UGU ESE—Your lot is perhaps the hardest ever endured
by any people on the earth. Your Princes were compelled to
fly from you. and the events of Spain have furnished au irrefra-
gable proof of the absolute necessity of that !ilea" ure. Yon
were ordered not to defend yourselves, and you did nut defend
yourselves. Junot offered to make you happy, and your hap-
piness has consisted in being treated with greater cruelty than
the most ferocious conquerors inflict on the people whom the 3
have subdued by force of arms, and after the most obstinate re-
sistance. You. have been despoiled of your Prince, 3 our laws,
your usuages, your customs, your property, your liberty, even
your lives, and your holy religion, which your enemies never
have respected, however they may, according to their custom,
have promised to protect it, and however they may affect and
pretend to have any sense of it themselves. Your nobility has
been annihilated, Its property confiscated in punishment of its
fidelity and loyalty.. You have been basely dragged to foreign
countries, and compelled to prostrate yourselves at the feet of
the man who is the author of all your calamities, and who, by
the must horrible perfidy, has usurped your Government, and
rules you with a sceptre of iron. Even now your troops have
left your borders, and are travelling in chains to die in the de-
fence of him who has oppressed you, by which means his deep
malignity may accomplish his purpose, by destroying those who
should constitute your strength, and by rendering their lives Mih-
scrvient to his triumphs, and to the savage glory to which he
aspires.

-tipain beheld your slavery, and the horrible evils which fol-
low•ed it with mingled sensations of grief and despair. You are
her brethren, and she panted to fly to your assistance. But cer-
tain Chiefs, and a Government either weak or corrupt, kept her
iu chains, and were preparing the means by 4% hich the ruin of
Our Kiela-3 our laws, our independence, our libetly, our livcF,

...AM., ^nip-,

._ . ,
...
