Malady; be respected his person; lie condoled jib him in
si-kners. Flat when he presented himself as 4 1001 for Lord
C•silereagli, you wiil have to prose whether the lotatititts be
the quarry He would tint appear there; tont it Witt.
to be Mtppo.r.l that he would semi hi: first lieutenant. He
merely came forward on the presumption that iu his person
they would make the 111.01 atatterair.ll altlleett• for their elide.
',wiener. If any other we. more likely I. etl4.4et that object,
117 at mute sit.lll.lll. 11.11 111” great ohjeet was 141 oppose
Mioisters w 11,4 were the 14 iends 401 division, confusion, and
f„yohnion, by brtskiee every tie that coons-cleft society,
by reii,4i4l3 1.10111 the Homo Department, to exelie
suspicion, and treachery. They( the lea .ere) were the
of order. Order was most effectually promoted by
reform of that fabric which Was totteiing to its fall. If he
5h,,u1,1 be returned, he 41101illi lie their own work ;
olio he was brought forward, by them supported, by
them rein/tied ; to them he should look fur help, ad.
monition, and orders. If a representative was 1101 soh.
et to orders. lie knew not what a representative should
be. He should trouble them no lonizer; :11111, a: at least
more gratifying to his os‘ii I,eiings, he should beg leave to
retire from their deliberation:.
Sir Francis Burdett now put the first resolution, whit+ es.
pressed limit the 111411 of their 11100'4 al I.lsupoort the claims
to short Parliaments, and a full, free, and equal epreseuta-
Con. It was carried unanii ttttt I.ly.
Mr. Jenkins proposed W. Cobbett. Esq. as a fit person to
represent them in Pailiainelit. (Great confusion arose in
consequence.)
Mr. Heat presented himself, and infinitely increased the
C 04011,4011.

'due Chairman requested that they would save time, as
veil as conduct the ItletilleNS of the day to a beneficial issne,
by listening with fairness and iintraitiality to es ery Gentleman
iio addressed them ; thei e would otherwise he tieitlit r use-
-1011,,:s nor respe elahility in their pnlilie meetings. If any
thing ohjectionable should be uttered, any one Imtl the right
to refute it. _ . .

Mr. Hutt wait still received with every ungrateful noise.
He said he slionl.l wait with patience till they should hear
Ilan. He hoped it would never go forth that such an as-
sembly had it:fused to hear an Enolishinati. In a packed
room such a thing might happen ; surely nut iu a public large
assembly, such as he now addressed. He thought they ought
to have known his character tot. well tostippose that he could
be put down in ten nannies. Ii had been justly said, that their
weakness was in division. He agreed in that militiou, and
his object was to prevent divkion. His friends had in.viided
to propose him, but his answer was No; if no other 111411
conies forward to resist Sir Alurray Maswell, I an* at your
service tif any other person on whom all agree shall come
forward, in Creel's name let Inc not interfere." He should
speak of Mr. Hubliouse with freedom, with liberty ; but Me
trusted with moderation. Was he any relation of Sir Ben-
jamin lloblionse% ( His son.) Was lie the son of that Sir
Benjamin lloblionse who, at a public dinner in that room,
hail kissed the bawl ,ord Holland from s (mei anon to
Whig principle', and soon afterwards joined the present
tricked admin:stration ? Was lie the son Of Sir Benjamin
Ilubliosise, who hail lit ell for so many years Chairman of Mr.
l'itt's c 1111 l otittees? %14M he the sou art that Sir Benjamin
I lablionse, who had ken a traitor to the care- of liberty, mid
gone over to the harmers of slavery ? Was he the son of then
Sit Benjamin Holilitoise, %rho had 1,5101. or 2,0001. a year as
commissioner of the Nabob of Argot's debtsi He wished to
ask likewise, what Mr. ilobliolise had been doing forthe last
tcu Yeats, where he had watitlel rut, and in wear respect he
hail been of service to the people of Westminster? He was
not desirous of visiting the skis of the father on his children,
although this WAS one of the priociples ante religion which
be professed but he thought it impossible that Mr. slob_
house should unite their votes, or satisfy their expectations.
A gentleman had proposed Mr. Collett, now all alien from
his native land, through the oppressive measures of the (in-
verument ; and a titan of g.reater eh:lilies or political honesty
they conld not elect. Mr. Coblitat w.s, if they should think
proper to support loan, wiltitig to iintlertake die task of re•
presenting their rights and interests in Parliament ; and fur
the parpose of bringing that question to issue, lie would second
the aoniiirstion. He %Mild lake this Opportunity alsq of re
fel ring to a letter, read by Mr. Cleary on the loastiugs at the
last election, and which purported 10 be a letter from Mr.
Cohbett, in the year laOft, in shish, speaLing of him (Mr.
tient), he was desei ibed as a sad fellow,
.who rode about
the countay with another man's wife, having deserted his
num
The noise and interruption were at this moment so ex-
cessive as ettectitally to stop the progress of the speaker's
explanation.
Sir F. Burdett stepped forward, and entreated a patient
hearing. lie begged them to recollect that ne emits! wit fithil
the ditties of the situation in which they had placediLliii hiltless
they suppurt e.I him in it.
Mr. Hunt then rest:med. It was not norpriming, if, after
the Villainoll3 attacks yrhu i lie had borne, if not with meek •
ness, at least with patienee,• lie was now desirous of vindisal-
log himsell from the foulest and falsest calumny of them all.
.Mr. Cubbell had declared publicly, as,d although his Register
had been suppressed in this (.001.11y, the declaration had found
its way here, ilia ough the myelin lt .a Liven pool nee spatter,
that tie had never **inlet' the letter in questiou, and that it
teas an cane*: forgery.
Mr:Cleary stow addressed lii.towlf to the meeting, lint being
too indisposed to make himself atetilee, he stated that lie hied
tae letter in his possession, mid *sunlit ,Iroduee it beleir them in
)1411 all hour, if the VOW itllle su long, and lie
immediately kit the r..e.11 tor that purpose.
Mr. Wisliart then rose, anti alter some observationteon the
tiles:not public spirit evinced Oil sal eritieal occasion
by the house of Bedford, proposed as a Candidate for their suf.
Gage'', the second sun of the presetu Duke, Lord John Russell.
The Electors of Westminster could not Cot get the iiitioeSl
taken in the mainteisauee of their rights by the late Fralleic
Butte of Bedford, his personal exertion., otitis willing attend. .
once at their ineetiugs both there and in Palave.yaid. The
present Doke of Bedford had always supported the same
incipli-s, bail always lent his aid to the (leen-m.of then fa;
vouritc rept esculatives, and had, by his eteitlibeition to Ali.
Hume, and iii, *gunman hostility to a clad Govt.: 'intent. been
recently debris, d of for honour of the Lord Lictitenaoey of
his native c :Teel to Lord John it was
Well kaoan Illat hr 11.1t1 10..dc avie(ll in P.llll.lllltrit 011 the
/tatters Corpus suspension ia et, erynally creditable to his
head and 1113 lie:if t. 11 etas prit,tei no hint, however, to state,
that if their choice stiould appear to hotline in prelei ester to
any other Lori: Joie* wes determined not to
pede or tote' lyre with the exercise of it.
Mt. Thekvall expiate, d respectiog a remark of his which
Hunt ht I nils.epreseuli•ii- Ile look 111 IS OppOrintlity in
saying, that the polity:4l opinieus of Mr. ilobboust's auces-
