f

reratel4l4
EMB
MER e
Rhin et Row— . W. lk
the tools el T. Maelisosie, Eq.

BANIRUPTCIES ENLARGED.
N. Marks, Boetturtl. tkoptallse. how Jan. 6 to Jan.ll.
T. Nowa. Word Sweet, oilman, hem Jae. 4 to Jaw. IS.
BANKRUPTS.
Mren&Lospley.
J. t lie
and J. Wall. . Lakersankfria. halm
wawa Drag and Co. Wilma Gray% lnr..
T altalrt. kw&
Mlr ldwaa tiara and I`w. s Hama
J. Rodwayso, Ion" Yoeltoldre. mil MC Na
Jackson,
den ._
it. Polka.Taturis Leeds. orwelat. id. Mr. Erase. Hama Gar-
J. wed J. Bei&bni. IfarAs Market. chose we. Solo.
Mean. Allison mid . Proms% Conn. Canabill.
J. Disking's. AlearrawCae
Sum, kooks s 8010. Maws.
Pallet and Ste, Pow tweet.
DIVIDENDS.
Jan. tS. W. Morton owl M. Diaelnai Saeldr*Po neer dor
Rea. Durand /w.-,el. J. two% Wimiag. Ilfzen ttir
—4l. J. C.' Mo. Mies Court, Vessburch
It. W. Cbseat. Surrey. coal amotimawilt=
Carnal Dm.
kerdlownaradaof. rWonlawa-OSI.
wareman-111. J. Dawn, Toombs. Cs p%
r=7.l4lneelhaat.-ill. B. Mudge and J. SWAY. &Weld,
rimer.---8.1. Lanalig. Liverpool, Ilaawarapse.
CURTI VICATRO or be poet* Jas.
W. Cook. W 41111141411. Rem. saw dirdie—T. Herbal.
MIN Ran* Mow. Moitrairkary. waskatese...W. J. W. Lad:
11111 waeow-il. J. Waikiki. New C.amo.
landwr—J. Annkap. Pontreset, Yorkaties, atm Own.
CHRONOLOGICAL UST
•

Or
REILARKABLK EVENTS FOR THE YEAR IBM
JANUARY.
.s.--n• UFA Mope. at Brigitte* esuecrated by the
Pies, ofChisbester.--I be beautiful coolueetioe between
Jupiter, Eaters. sod die Uses, sees to great advises'," dubs;
the eireelig.
B.—The Maple of lEeskiaglian 'droned to the rank of a
Dabs.
17.--Ins Majesty sum to tows from Brigistoe. bold a
Cowell. mod received lb. Recorder's Report.
Bin held • Coast, sod muss* to Brigid's.
FEBRUARY.
f:--Min Majesty reteneed to town trots Brigliles.--Tbe
Thaw. lest lodise= wrecked darks, a dreadful Usepest on
She gout Restboanse, and severs. ask* crew drowsed.
sc—His Majesty wowed the Audios of Paillasses% le perms.
The Metropolis visised by a wicket stone ; • lad killed by
telling of a large °via' atoms in Pickett-street. and soma
Foresee but by the filling of tiles sod alone, pots.
d.—The Wag bald a Levu at Cashes Moue. The Rouse
of Couvisoes passed the Irish leserrection BiU, sod a Bill for
@upending ohs Habess_Corpes Act is Ireland.
10.—The two Irish Bills seat to the House of Lords.
111.—Meetiag of the inhabitants of Wasaiesver, wha voted
Fetilies to Parikusest, praying for BAllieliCillgallt and Par-
lissaustsry Reform.
16. Bares M.Clellsod opesed the Sucial Counuissios is
Cork.
• 16.—,Frortees of the Irish issurgeste Cued guilty.
!d.—Mr. Cootie, the Noisiest sad worthy beaker. deported
this EN.
MARCH.

1.7-Tbe indirpen4swee of Spenish heath America (Osieuelria)
mosennimeded by the President to be recopied by the Ueitird
Males et America.
Homily inerdered la nneiset herbsreas Soggier, at
bee rosidaMe, Rebott-etreet, bay* received
Own Nip le Pm theme.
this /embolden et lb. meaty of Middlesex
Peleli4olll4 attLßsrlla@ueatary R•forma•
I6.—Aug lamed r trmilltweing-the Navy Five per Cents.
• bee tbe Peer per Carts.
W.—Mr. G. Hare attacked seed robbed in Well.street, St.
'George's be the Ham, sod died m the 94th M his woeide.—A
Costume Cooped was held, which passed a vote of ammo ea
Aldermen Sir Wo.Certiv, far sepresareas, reltectisg ea the
Coruna@ Csepel!, used by him in the Hesse of Commons.
99.—The Lin arrived IN tows frees Brighten.
28.-4 Comma Hall held, wish passed resolutiees res-
pecting the Distress of the Comet'', sad to podgier, the Home
of Commosis for Parliameatary Reform—a vote of censer*
presposeed a Sir Wm. Celli", fur enpreesioas used by his ia
the ROSSO 111 Commas, reflecting en the Campos Comma.
Ling held a Coneed, sad received the Reeerder's Re-
so.—Died, eaddealy. Sir Jobe Silvestar, Retarder of the
City ef Leedom.
APRIL.
4.—Vismeet Clialembrised. the Womb ambassador, ar-
rived I. tows Der Prima
IL-Sir Joba Sewell and Messrs. Murray, Sharpe,
aejekted ea ea Maintained charging them with institallag prose-
SOWS. 111 eaten mosey, es persona conseeted with the Con-
stibelienal Asisecistim."
1111.—The Ling hold a greed Levee et Carltoe-honee.
A verdict of 6001. giver spinet the Proprietors of the
API Da weekly 'newspaper, for peWishieg a gross libel ea
Ilt..Aldermse Weitiman.
.:'lllll.—The Ring held a greed Drawing-room M ilookiegimm
Masso.
• • 41.—Mr. Dumas elected Comma Sergeant of the City of
Lodes by the Cameo. Comae... Lewd J. Remalre smiths
lee PorNamentery Rehm implies* by • mopeity of 103. the
Ayes was OM Neu 28.6.-41 hum fell is le Bodge-row, by
whack seasimeasse were entsthamgely killed, and ethers mesh
Wend.
1111mrinm preformed hie watrieMbmy AM of
-weisipg to Wealkorley, in Yorkshire. dram Wad% mod bad
silky heleglbliellgoagies 48,11. This meta mopeds say
thin..d_ene gavot pedeslriam
Ht. 'far Orme to Meg la a Bill to
roasts Ib. of Ofilholis Pars to sit ie the House
Leta* Wei a wiwiti d Iwo, lb. Ayes Min 240,
Rees 944.
MAY.
t.-41 deal fought in Lenolopois Gerdensbetwees the Disko
•of lofted and the Duke ef Ithraingteses.wileiag eat of some
expressiees used by the former metilm Doke at the Bedford
Comity Retying. The Deb of Baableghein fired bet, and
aid the Delis of Illedthel ia the
sir. ad a Bessullistim ettetwarieditgebbig."Wil"

sew anew as 81. PasaraaZamseratati.-84. Pad'. Catbedral
lighteWith gag, to try die ages.
I Prime eat Prisons at Deerserk arrived wt Dever
Nom Wale.
' Majesty beggared Dvary-laa• limb* tits his pv•-

1/1111;1540•11 le Covenbgarthe Theatre.
id Waimea amassed to three menthe
eselleameat I.Caen of !Lag's &mob. ter sending a shal-
low. to Mr. Woods.
1111.—The 16th Mayer/ay of the Tramp\ of Wasemiester
mid Peaty ef Eleation, celebraied at •Ii• Crews mad Ascher
revere. Sir F. Bevan ie the s Isar.
116.—The Metropolis sad alarms visited with a tremeadoes
Mara.
116.—Mr. Demme began his career as Ceinmeeflergerese.
Sh—A grand Dress Bali at the Opera Home, fa tb. beesit
of the disereseed iri.h petweery, peaseised by bin ANNA,.
wile was premet.
JUN R.
I.—A grand review of eava:ry ea Blackbeallh
,L--Amesi Rams commeamil. Ibe [lag, lb. Dyke of
York, the Pease sad Plineese of Danmark, mad a peat nem-
her of possess of distieetiee. Were present:
11.—Kr. Shari trialibe killing Sir lUesaader Beseell le
I duel, and enealmenly hogshead by the Jury, to the peat
meisitedies of a ortiordid Onert.
11.—.111, Majesty add • Levee. "
15.—.71m0 [kat bolds Drawineasem.
IS.—Battle of Wearies celebrated so eat* Load Wel-
Engten pre a grimed railiarry dialer ea the eseasion.
21.—Tbe Cerebella Poore Bill rejected is We House of
Lards by a enlist* U.
41 .s.—Alikisee Limas al Thespian cleated Sbarlife.
JULY.
1.---Some *taw Nemeth Garde inedmisd at Madrid.
9.--They ware obliged tiesbait, several
bares
The feandelima MOM of a cow, clash mebetitettan
end atather at Ematiestee, by the diebbiliseeec Casewbery.
10.—Fiat stem of • new lima at Window hid.
19. The analvereary of hie 11glestee Caresmilen adetarated.
by the Snag of the pm, &a lad a grand ha at YentabdlGar-
dem.—The Deeliesa of Casabridp delivered of a Rims&
10.—The Bishop ef Gelber (lParey Joisseyn) sad a S.idiee
.warned at Marlborough-sheet 0404 far a dahodable
of-
froe.. The Bishop admitted to bail; the &Kim assialead
for want of haiL
22.--Asseeets erosive& in town of Itablde having hoist de-
emed litaperee Willtakm—Hie Majesty held a Chepter of We
Garter at Carlearbeese. a dispose of the 'acme ribboas.
, 211.—latelligmes received from Jamaica of Bolivar having
victoriously mewed Qaito.
AUGUST:
beattifel Eclipse of the Alma
6.—The Katie prorogued Perliameat.
10.—His Majesty embarked at Greerariele for Seeliand.
12.—T be Margele of LeadortderrY died at Nee* Cray.
18.—A corsages inquest set ea Lord Leadeadary, and
brought in a verdiet—o• That es Moseley, Augers HI. sea fir
memo tam previsesly. the Most Noble Robert, Marquis of
Leadooderry, ander a grievous disorder did labour and
and became' N comegitenee delirioas, and of imam
stied; and that widest I. that state, will. a kW* of bee aid
steel. be did idiot en hisser ea the left aide of his peek, sad
of the carotid areery.'" weed W see lash in Mega, and half an
lath ii depth, of which he inetastly sad that no ether
person except himself Wee doe mese of his death."
14.—Tbe Repel Gorr yacht, with We Majesty me beard,
Labored or Leith.
16
Ling at Leith, and preceded to Edinburgh
amidst
IT.—fler Rag bad a Levee at Holyreed-beese:
90.—The remain tithe Margate of Leadeaderry interred lo
Weetatiasier Alaboy.
SEPTEMBER.
I.—His Mejoety leaded at Greeewich from Soothed.
14.--Mr. Camas wetted as Secretary of State far recap
Arabi, ii Ws ream of the late Marquis of Loadoederry.
28.--nel/eke ef Wellieetue left Paris for Vi.aaa.
OCTOBER.
15.—The King held a Council at Brightee, sad prorogued
Parliameet. _ . _

• intuit of Caagreu at Verona.-
Vaarviaa.
NOVEMBER.

le eruptive of

11.—Nr. Haat was ushered lets Leedom by a procession, oa
his liberatioo after his seetinemest is Ilohesler gaol.
16.--Tbe Wog heed a Council at Brighton. and prorogued
Parliament to the >W of January.
23.—The Xing had a Court at Carlton-boom, and hold as
Order of the Garter. when the Marquis of Hertford was elected
a Knight gibe Order, is the room of the late Marquis of Lon-
dooderry. The King afterwards received t►e Report of 66
prisooors moiler metros of death in Retrials.
wretches executed for as abomisahle offence,
amidst tbit *literalism of the multitude.

17.—. Sis aft Mai for Imo-glary turd otter atom.
DECEMBIIR.

A.—Tremendous storm—in Dabli;it blew quite a 'marker*.
10.—A mealy fight beta's* Shelton mid Josh. Hodson, and
so closely oestested, that neither could at last come to time.
Hickman, better known by the boxers by the same of Goer
sad Mr. RM. his friend and barker. fell out of a gig eon*
from the fight, and were killed es the spot.
11.—A party of the Creep faction is Iroise(' insulted the
Lord Lieetenast *bile at the Theatre. One realms Sung a
boffin at him, whiab hit the peened of the Vice-regal boa.—
Some of the offenders were taken late custody. The muse of
the asleep was is oessegnesee of the laudable determinaties
of the Government net to escoerage the dressing of the statue
of Kin Willi IM ill. by the Orangesees in College Green.
21.—Larg's Hotel, Bond-street, boned armlet two o'clock
la the monist.—A peg of gamblers takes out of a COGIMINI
garbling-bense in Beset-street, St. James's; gleaned at
Bow-street, some careened la the boom committed fir three
mouths to the Haase of Correcti.o, and those seen at play foe a
month—tie reminder discharged.

DUSLIN. —The Attorney General of Ireland has
determined not to prosecute the individuls now in
custody for the outrage on the Marquis Wellesley
on the capital charge. A bill has, however, been
preferred for the misdemeanor, and the ordinary
charge of conspiracy and riot.

light, which
ite vigilance
and suspicion of the Frcnch police, under its pre.
sent direction, may enable the public to obtain dis-
closures of a piquant or interesting nature. It will
be resellected, that some time ago a notice was pub.
limbed et- the English embassy here, that no more
0111161.11Ners would be allowed to be sent to Eng.
holt by dr Engler Ambrosia's bag. It is well
Allawk the its seen tire post the English have
suspected that letters sent by the post have been
opened. Those, therefore, who Lad any political
ewer to comearnieste or who wired tusecure the
eels triuurissias of their anvespoudesse, end who
bed any rqueintanae at the embimy, sent by the
English cowl.. This was Immo to the police,: a
plan wee therere aeresiged isr poeuring a view of
thismotem sidiehmit persons were appoint..
all to eery Is hos exesutism. The English mes-
senger very generally dap et Calais, in waiting
for the packet ; and durin the time of his repro,
persons employed by the Oleo got posers* 'lbis
bag, opened it, took out the letters, sumbid them,
real Meek end took =Pee of sea se eppsered most
curious or impertnat. 'them espies temmaitted. to
M. Frenehet. the Diresergesend of-pollee, who
thus beams privy to all the secrets in the beg. M.
Fronds* amid not pin this hidden bmierielge
without radar; it into the prase of other' to Aw-
eless k. One of the agents when he employed
thought he might tam the area to advantage, and
net only took a espy of many letters for the direc-
' tesseneral of rase, bus for himself. This agent
has been dammed; and thus the Pranttabas
been revesied. The copies of the lessees he
reserved' fa himself lee new. offers foe publication,
and has amordiney set out Sur London to offer the
Meioses collection to a bookseller. It contains, it
is mid br a gentleman to when it was submitted,
nearly sweaty letter. address& to his Majesty of
Great Britain by the Henoverien Ambitesador, Mr.
Von Grote ; several addiered to a noble Lord
(Lowther), whose father is a poet borough-holder
in the meth, and to several otrse well-known chg.
meters. That the letters which be exhibits as a
part of the found in the English
Amhmeador's beg goyim, I am informed
them 1111111110 i be the slightest doubt. If the secrecy
of 'a private correspondence was thus violated, is
there any security, it may be asked, that the di*.
patches of the Anibamador escaped examination ?

DESPERATE GALLEY SLAVES.

A letter from Toulon, dated the 14th of Daces.
her, states the following ease of revenge
se Akin two meths siege a galley slave fur life, la the
&eget (place where sieve, are moaned) at Toole., was
mindemsed to sailer death, for leaving stabbed with a
Mere esti of the siesta of Surreilionee. The wretch
submitted to his palatines( with pleasure ; sad far
from expressing any repentance for his crime, be, os the
cestrard declared his regret that he had not destroyed
the Under Gommissaire Directeur of the Bogue. H.
however, mad* a confessloa. that his companion chained
to hint, who had also been ceedenened to slavery for life,
had, like himself, formed die design of revenging pre-
tended vexatious ow the part of his keeper. Upon re-
ceiving that information thee put the convict abase name
was C.asqueite, into another pug, where be became the
object of mere strict sarveillance. Noihwithatanding
Meese precautions, one Recoils. Bah Adjutant of Sue-
'Mitoses, and the father of a family, had the misfurimie
to fall ender the blows of this desperate wretch. Klemm
assisted the they before yesterday at the distribution of
the slaves for the night. At the moment a chain of slaves
returning from work had entered, Coquette took advan-
tage of the coisfeniese. and advanced nearer the safer-
nate Rigors; he them stepped aside, pretending that he
wished so bargain for a quart of wine, and deseingn
long knife with two edges. plunged it into the bowels of
his victim. Kleine: fell bathed hi his blood, sod pert of the,
entrails pretended from the wound. Another slave, coo-
deemed for life, interposed between the murderer and
Rimini, in order to save him from other blows ; bet seven
or eight stabs with the same knife were the reward of his
good intention. He fainted from loss of blood. 'the
Under Commissaire M. R. informed of this doable ewe.
der, proceeded hasviediately to the bagne, where the coo-
fission and uproar were great. The seamed the assassin
perceived him, he exclaimed. Oh, Mossiest le coes-
massaire I How unfortunate I am to be two minutesi too
Inee. A blow was intended for you; but no matter, yea
will net tote meth by waiting, for I know sweaty others
mho have formed the same design as 'myself. The wretch
was seised, and M. Negated, the elder, a Surgeon, be
gouging to the Navy, assisted by his pupil, conveyed the
two wounded men to the Hospital of the Bagme.—
Every aid was given, but 'license died 45 hours after.
• " It was supposed the slave could not
close he does there is no doubt he will receive a pardon,
as a reward for his generous devotion.
" The murderer appeared quite tranquil, sod answered
with elfrostery to various questions pat by the Commis-
sarie. He rejoiced in the deed from two motives. First
because it would deliver bin from a life which bad be-
come insupportable. fleeeedly. be was revenged in kill-
ing one of his persecutors. His ally regret was that he
could not destroy the magistrate.
" This e.sissinal will be tried by the Maritime Trlbw-
sal."

Mr. Ravengs, the new Minister fear the Repub.
lic of Columbia has arrived by the Jamaica packet.

- •
...-- AR.
_
....1 • . ' - , • " '"Iii""v" .-;,aN
„,...,. .
• •••-^ -4111.... •• .....0.—""!..• • .44 '`..,,
• fit., ....• ov" • -Attie'
.. ."4" 11... lik.a ... .... .- • ' •
a■ -,. s
.
..._..._.
.
48 \Y- •••,.. -.... • "'. 4 TWA ?I 024 AL 111011117.11
LORI Noomatirs Mattes maid is an Ram et Comoss - FAIENCE POLICE.
TUESDAY NIGHT'S Gaimerrz to address ki. Ilii•sty to Amiss sae a( the Rssrmslearet- -
..amilis
12Stervirlii OFFICE, Das. SI. anal.
(EITILSCT Of ii LETTS'S.)
' this peewit PARLIAMENT. 'L
—A Nombiin st tiro City onsedeo Tema, to amidst of A curious circumstance has coats to light, whirl
a— . W.eltackauSa of &away Rims la" almen• r•E'D 11.
.114,10,1410411rewiamrl k die EmEreed while it furnishes a striking proof of the rigilano
Blachsasie, Esq. dociask. West!( 1."1,44-! -11•11 In'all""1.106.4. . .trisileimi... ~...1119. and sustneton. • of the French police, under its pre
