• ,
TETE NATIONAL REGISTER:

V)4

• - . ~,

army. They still occupy with strong garrisons most of
the fortresses on the Vistula and the Oder, in the rear of
the advanced Russian corps. Should Austria' declare for
the Allies, and join them in offensive warfare, .NA 0-LEON
would 'probably • be„shoLtly compelled to t ecrOss the Rhine
and abanidon all' his garrisons beyond the Elbe, Ishieh
though composed of the %necks of his veterans, would sur-
render on lesing the hope of being relieved. On the ether
hand, should success attend the first operations of new
army assembled -at Magdeburgh, as:d of which NAPOLEON
4is now on his way to take the command, and should the Em-
peror FRA NCIS at last take a decided part in behalf of his
Son-in-law, time Rit—iaus would be exposed to gi eat peril.'
They have penetnoed'so far, and spec ad over such a wide /ex-
lent of terri.ot Y, occupying at once W:maw, Dresden, Posen,
Berlin, Ilainburgh, and the shores of the Baltic, that it is to
be feared they have not a sufficient force on any point to
oppol/4e an army; and it is evidently liuo iq A P ART U.'S
0011 to endeavour to bleak their line by one simle atlack,
-for which he has collected-every soldier he could bi ing. in
. such a case, too, the 'Awn-mil army of observation in Gallicia
would find itself on the rear of the Russians, who would be

obliged to -relinquish conquest,. Helnce it is evident,
.0:It on the decisiop -Of :Num.' ia depends the re.-overed mule-
jteudence, or lbe confirmed slavery of the continent. The
-;flecessitits of tl:e French have not vet changed the aspect of
the war in Spain, and unless we should Lc able to. throw such
- a force into that (patter,. as to act on the offensive, instead
maintaining, as we still do, a dylensiye warfare, it is from
the North aione we must hope for the liberation of Lurope..
.Ore Campaigo more, and her des'iny will ue kilown. The
host., of war :,re now marshalled fOr the fight : torrents of
Llood ale rtt tin cve of ; the rising st,irit of oppressed
naricins labours, and all r 4-tends the app oach of a more
trentendous cones 'than ha, ever vet afflicted humanity.
• Its is4ue will he felt in its cousequences for ages. Whatever
it he, it is our von.,4olation to !:now, that it lies in the hands
that.JleinA, %%ho ipn!:es the fury of nun subservient to the
plans of his goodness and ,visdom.

FURTHER EXTRACTS FROM « THE BOOK!"

LETTER FROM THE PRINCESS OF WALES TO THE

KING.

• {r.--Vo; my short letter to your 'Majesty of the -ICU' instant,
in mis‘.i.,r to your Majest)'s communication of the loth, I notified
my intention of rept c•en ling to your Alajesty the various grounds On
-winch I telt the hardship of my case; v.:61 a review of winch, I
confidently hoped, %%void dispose. your Majesty to recal your de-
termination to adjourn, to an indefinite period, my reception into
Vont• royal presenet• ; a neination, which, in addition to all the
mixt pain which it bronght ale.u, with it, affected me Nvith the
disappointment of hopes, which I had fondly cherished, with the
most perfect confidence, because they rested on your Majesty's
gracious assuraoce.
Independently, however, of that communication from yom. ma-
kglV, I ShOlild have felt myself bound to haye troubled your Ma..
jests with much of the conteots of the present letter.
Upon the receipt of the paper, which, by yoor )liijesty's com-
mands, wus transmitted to 0:e by the !grad Chancellor, on. the .2fttli
of last month, and which voimminicated to me the joyful intelli-
gence, that your Majesty wal " that it was uo longer Ile-
CCSSaVy 101* Toll to declbw reeei‘,b.g me into your Royal pre:Alice,"
I eoneeived myself neressarily called upon to send an immediate
answer to so much of it as respected that intelligence. I could not
• wait the time which it would hare required, to state those obscr-
vatious which it was imposAltle 6)1. me to refrain from making',
at some period, upon the other important*.particulars whieli that
paper contained. Accordinoy, I answered it immediately ; and
qs our Majesty's gracious and instant tcply of last Thursday fort-
rtight, annottated to me your pleasure, that I should be received

• 7.

.:N.,TATICII VS

•
by your Majesty, on a day subsequent to the then ensuing week, I
was led most coofidently-Wassurssflayself, that the last week would
not have passed, without my teceived that satislastion, I
therefore determined to-Wait in patience, without further Ultras
sum upon your Majesty, till I might have the opportunity of guard-
ing myself from the possibility of being misunderstood, by per.
sunnily explaining to your Majesty, that whatever observations I
had to mime upon the paper so communicated to me, on the 'sink
and whatever complaints respecting the delay, and the
many cruel ciremnstsnces which hail attended the whole of the
proceedings against me, and the unsatisfactory state in which they
were at length left by that last communication, they were observa-
tioos and complaints which afiectett those only, under whose malt ice
your Majesty had acted, and were not, in any degree, intended to
intimate even the most distant insinuation against your Majesty's
justice or kindniss.
That paper established the opinion, *which I, certainly, had ever
confidently entertained, hut the justness of which I haul not before
any document to es“iblish, that t our Majesty bad, from the first,
•Iyemed this prtssr..cetling a high -slid important matter of State, in
the coasitieration of SS ilia, dour Majesty had not tilt yourself at
liberty to trust to your own geoci4illti kelings, and to your own
Royal amid
.graelomi judgment. I never did believe, that the cruel
state of ans.iety, in which I had beee kept, ever since the delivery
of my answer, m for at least itxteen wecksm, could be at all atti Om-
' table to your Majesty : it was most inilike every thing whirl! I had
ever experienced from your Majesty's condescension, feeling, and
justice ; and I tutted, from /hat paper, that it was to your confideo-
fiat servants I was to ascribe the length of banishment from your
presence, which they, at inst, alvised your Majesty, it was no
loeger neeesssey be continued. I perceive, therefore, what
I always belies ed, Mai it was to them, sod to them only, that I.
owed the protracted continuance of my sufferings, and of my dis-
• grace ; and that your Majesty, considering the whole of this pro-
c,eding to hate been instituted anti conducted milks the grave ee-
sponsihility of your Majesty's servants, had riot thought proper to
take any step, or express any opinion, upon any part of it, but
such as was recommended by there adVicc. balm need by the-c
sentiments, and anxious to have the opportunity of conveying th
with the twerflowings of a grateful heart, to your Majesty; what
were my sensations of surprise, mortification, anti disappointmeilt,
out the receipt of your Majesty's letter of the 10-th instant, sons Ma-
jest v my conceive, though I am utterly unable to express.
That a
letter announces to me, that his Royal Highness the Prince
of Wales, upon receiviNg the several documents which your Ma-
jesty directed your Cabinet to transmit to him, made a personal
communication to your Majesty of his intention to put them into
the hands of his lass ers, accompanied by a request, that your !stit-
esty woubl suspend any further steps in the business, until the
Prince of Wales should be enabled to submit to your Majesty the
statement It hie!: lie proposed to make; and it also announces to me,
that your Majeste, timer lure, considered it' incumbent on you, to
defer naming a day to me, until the further result of the Prince of
iValests intention shonld have been made known to your Majesty.
This•determination of your Majesty, on this request, made by his
Royal Highness, I humbly trust your Majesty will permit me to
entreat von, in your most st,racious justice, to leconsider. Your
Majesty, I aia convinced, must have been surprised at the time, and
been prevailed upon by the importunity of tlw Prince of Waits, to
think this determination necessary, or your Alajesty's generosity and
justice would never have adopted it. And WI can satoty your Ma-
jesty of the unparalleled injustice, and cruelty, of this interposition
of the Prince of Wales, at such a time, and under such circum-
stances, I feel the most perfect confidence that your Majesty will
hasten to recal it.
I should basely he winding to my own interest and feelings, if I
did nut plainly state my sense of that. injustice, and cruelty; and if'
I did not most loudly complain of it. Your Majesty will better
perceive the jiist ;:rounds of my complaint, when I retrace the
cutvse of these proceedings from their commencement.
The four Noble Lords, appointed by your Majesty to enquire
into the charges brought against me, in their Report of the 14th of
July last, after having stated that his Royal Highness the Prince of
Wales had laid before him, the charge which was made mesainst
by Lady Douglas, and the declamations in support of it, proceed
nn
the folloWing mamwr:-L-
-" In the painful situation in which his Royal Highness was
11 place by these communications, we learnt that his Royal ilighuesS
li atlopteo The ‘ntly anirsc which could, in our judgment, st ith pro.
t • •
twisty be Billowed. When informations such as these had been thus
11 confidently alleged, and particularly detailed, and beili in some
degree supported by collateral evidence, applying to otter tarts,
