1 ~'

1 s 6

Dioptvii.l tiarliaincrt.

1101714 P. OP LORDS.
MONDAY, JUNE 1.
Carl Cary pr.-seined scrota Petitirks Kern Protestant Dis-
believe in Kent and Palace. twaying vela under certain provi-
io•is c'f the Marriage Act, which they cannut moricile to their
rellition, tenets.
TA:. Bart of ...Lob:start Le presented a It imilar Petition horn
Norwich. and one from ierimbtreet, in the City of London.
..11M1 A trer LAND mowed, that a Itasage he sent to the Com-
irons. ..Npowt;ng a copy of the Ite;ant of the Coro • tee on the
lii.olvent Debtor, Act be commuLicated to that Hotte.—Or-
lirat.

Seim! Bills on the table were forwarded in their respective
girs, and the House adjourned.

TV F. !MA Ir, JI?YE R.

A person from the Pot-ofFeepresenterl en arcount of the twin
and bullion imported in his lajtety's packets front feta to the
proem date.
Mr. fluor.nert and others, from the Common,. returned the
Churches' Benefices fill agmld to, and M-. Blackburn and
others brought up de Irish Feecr Hospital Dill, mid several
private Bills, nil of wnich were read a first time.
On the motion of Lord esneatvow, that part of the order
on the Barnstaple Electiou lull which relates to the heating of
counsel was thsehartpal.
The once for the attendance of the Judges on Lord Lauder.
dale's r0..,?.ti0n, wee, as we uoderstood, postpontd from Faiday
to Tuetelay.

The elornal Ordination Bill was lead a second time, end
ordered u► be committed.—Adjouroed.

WEDNESDAY. JITNE 9.

After bearing el, identx against the Barnstaple Bribery Bill, the
HOUbC riljouta,xl.

I'IMIUMAY, JUNE tn.

MAIROITTS OF CAMPEN'S GliT TO TILE Pet/arc.--The
Farl of lava a Pone, rising to move the second reading of the
Bill which applies the interest the Marquis of Camden had as
Teller of the I?.xchequer, to the public service, felt it his duty to
°Wee a few obaervations to the House upon the important
sacrifices made by rite Noble Marquis. The Tellerahip
of the Exchequer was originally given by the crown, vier.
citing its prerohatire, us a reward for eminent services nrulered
by the Noble Marquis's /whet, in lois great judicial sttuttion.—
This created a vested interest. and it was anhout doubt a free-
hold interest wen the Noble Marquis gave it up to the public.—
The sum Suer i Sail in this way by tile Noble Marquis would not
be over-valaed at iOO.OO/. The Earl of Liverpool having done
ju.fice to the liberality of the Marquis Camden, paid a
timi-
Jar tribute to the late Marquis of Buckingham, who devoted not
less titan 40.0001. to the public service. The Noble Earl con-
cluded by moving the be read &second time.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN expressed his sense of the pro-
priety of the act, which he • aid would rai-,e the Noble Marquis
high in public estimation.—lt was a noble act, eminently useful,
a : tending to relieve the public burden, and also useful as proving
a 'disinterested feeling on the part or • public man. He concurred
in what had fallen from the Earl of Liverpool, with regard to
another Noble Marquis. There could be but one sentiment on
the subject throughout the country.
The Bill was read a second time.

i:oasst CATUULIC QUICSTION.-Earl ORZY raw, on the
order of the day, to propose t t e second reading of his Bill to
ahrogrite the tan declarations required by the Acts Cl the
23th and 30th of Charles the Second. lie 23tb (the Test
Act) is the condition to o:2ce—the 30111, the condition to
Seats in the llouse of Parliament. The Noble Earl ad-
verted to the admissions in that house on former debate.,
with respect to the strict al conduct of the Itoruan Ca-
tholics, their loyalty. and devotion to the interests of the
country. The only objection to their claims was in hileged
Isnot of securities. Their annoy; Idgement of the Pope's
supremacy was held to be subversive of the allegiance they
',toed to a Protestant K ; on that ground alone their claims
had beeu resisted, nod the Notee Earl addeil, that iu bring-
ing before the !louse a Bill to abrognte Iwo degrading de-
et:whams*. he had lAA expected opposition. Ile MI% hoe.
ever, told the nteasnre w ould be opposed t he knew not a by
It was his duty, man ith.tandioe, to state the gru.nd on
aide's tic support xl the Lori Cary then desenhed the
feverish state of the politic mind a hen the statutes of the
`..nth hod 30th of Chitties 11. acre fans d. 7 hove stations
reduced the Roman Catholics to objet slavery, in rouse-
qu.oicc of some calamity which :he public belisted they in-
tended to bring upon the country They had sinee disclaim-
ed all principles adverse to the safety of the St tr, sod ism
lag given assurances of übetiii nee, those rrstriet,re tests
should to destroyed. The Noble Earl entered into a long
train of llseol igient artioners.s in defence of the doctrine of
transubstanthition, the invocation of Saints and Alma. con-
tending that it was not idolatry. as' fated in the de. I lentils:.
required by the Schlott. lie coucludtti by moving' the second
reading of the WI.

Thellishop of No Wrier! in seconding the motion raid, it was
well known to be his opinion, that a capacity to hold public
°Aloe. and to discharge public trusts. should be extended to all
whose principles were not iaconsistent with the social and moral
interests of die community. Five millions of n.en ought rot to
be proscribed, bemuse some persons thought they understood the
tenets of the Romish Church better than the Ronaisn church
Kell. The nature of those tenet, could net be accurately under.
stood, but from the SULUMeat, of the members of that church,_
Thee hod the affirmations cf living men distinctly disclaiming
the evil Principles that bad been imputed to their faith. On the
general nopolity of our exclusive laws, one of which it was the
object of the Bill to remove, it would not become a clergyman to
dilate, after the able masrer in which it had been pointed out
on this and on former occasions. With respect to the religions
part of the question, he must soy, that he never heard the decla-
ration against transubstantiation made without a sentiment of
'cif-reproach. In compliance with law it was made and required.
in spite of the misgivings which it might ocnuion. The law, it
was said hai been long established, but injustice could derive no
defence from its antiquity. lie could not approve of making
the title is office depend upon principles and tenets which res-
pected only the abstract of owl's of religion. ‘Vhen precautions
kiainst the Catholics were no longer justified by necessity, it was
the duty of Parliament to repeal them.
The Atchbi,hop of CA N T ERBURY as a Protestant would not
quarrel with a Roman Catholic on the ground of his religious
principles; he might lament his errors, but he wac at the same time
disposed to reverence bin intestacy. But in this dangerous age of
experiments, when so many innovations head loin mods—when,
in a neighbouring country, morality. social tinier, and good go.
vestment. had been overthrown, and even Chtistianity itself
annihilated, should this nation. in the pursuit of political expe-
riment, throw away the blessing of a constitution which had
saved us from so many perils? Ile sus aware that individtudi,
and sometimes states, did not avail themselves of the *dyer to:tes
which belong to experience; but he hoped that their Loolshi!,
would not lose sight of die clangers we had passed, mud that they
would hesitate before tiny es? osed this country to new and dan-
gerous experiments. For all these remora, he felt it his duty to
oppose the noble Leal.
raw Lerd rhancalur then put t!.e quositnn, tbal the Ciil should be
read a sac..nd hew.

the gall m I.,terpool in every of hin life hut enppocted the
continuance of flit test acts; mud Ise stilt Illunght liana ticcessa.y tvr

•
•

THE N A noN AL Inr.G I STE R.

the fneserirstres of tier elall soil gentian's libertitih .tie weel,l
Stilt)' admit, this it was rklit and plaper to consoler the *dense of
Roanet '411JIICII: lest the.' be w 44 . I aty that it wilt the duty oi thvii
I or.iships to I:4,fikiati alul a hat might tar the feelings of the ''rot, stable.
( /war.) Ile dad ws alien s platsoition sass broucht W Ohm
thaw to relict! sit the m.nl :111Cseilt 1,1111 in this coht.try, lit
weld not eta. Ceald alien Iluin adopting a ilistailit
Illetiel d. 'soh kiwi'', het whirl' cool Sdo no good whatever. lie (tint
Ohs hardy Mated ho Wejeci to the suutiou, and he Avoid now an
duals with 'Wing ts 'woke.
Lard I;ra-sari:le thele was no law In the country to testily the
Klee to Imisioe sclicioss pee:Miss .4' any man. If a awn subniitici!
inuuclf to that ohedienee the laws had pia en to Wawa! ie.-
krt.', dial Was, the uticilit lice with 0.6 Catfiaii Catholics proWesse.t.
He %nitwit Unit Lisitisbips to be cousiale ot and honest. They all
proles...A that it wit 113prOper to ekeaole C atholies lint relish's, belief,
bet though OA %hely was Wine civil dirfcrikes of opioiou %shall
(hirable it denser and rein to the irate, if taro one heseditary Pena
stioold sit :mimic Pair Isaststilps wall' the tale main by the whines
of in. sibastol, eliwild Inc hspaeli to heliese in pun gstury, or if one
member shoutd be misled to the Slant, of l'ionowas airowbeted with
said' tine belie, ot Irsoselisisioistion. (.Ilutta4).
the Lord Chascellur awed at a Rivet It mob, that from the time
of Charles it. to the time of William, allO hid SAM tamed the act of
Charles It., It had bee* thought orecioary, Sur the P. tote Laiiana (Auer
civil and 'elisions liheides, Net Pliplete *tumid Snot be allowed to sit
iu ; and the colitercilte Saes, that sonic kit wit Abs.
IWUIt sivecciary (y ninth it might he atecrtahas.l whether a mass was
e Catholic or a Pra/1.'51.11.t. Now, it eTs uM hone, tll.ll. lln. euillil uuly
'w e°, by puts, oath ritdaraiory ul re111:11.0111 011111100.. Ile therefoir
tailed upon the Iltisc, aa it had any r.,:bird In the cotientutiou to
Cloudh and Male. as stitled by the alositois revolution, awl nwinly
iliewraell by this %ley oath, not to commit the moonlit's...side craw.
essilist pastel ity of twos sss iss Ins to thews their civil and relit sus
Liu. twos 1111,11...1 Of eisilsiterre.i. 'e/errs).
Led af Harrotrby the mouton
Fail Beithiscst ells cutuprllyd to dirlci bolo his Noble friend who
bad just net done.
Lad Grey Septic(' at ;scat length, and with very peat auhriallon.
the !WNW then die
faint...la, 49. Pismire, 32 11l
NoshLuateuts, la—Proxies, M lot
hlaiority egehnt the Rill, as
Adjourned at is o'clock.
