kUG UST It

Tha Harnhurgh papers contain an article front an un-
%petal tioarter--L.Mosocco. A decree of his Highness,
the Emperor, commences with a pretence of its being is-
sued, in consepenee of information, which had reached
his Imperial ears, that sonte of his subjects, seders in Euro-
pain countries, hail denominated themselves his ambassa-
dors, or relatives, and Moreover' had been guilty of vari-
ous exressex! It, therethre, forbids his Mahometan sub-
jects on pain of Death from leaving his territories, with-
out express permission from himself.; and even the Jews
may not go, unless they give security, that they will
carry on in Europe a larrlid trade ! Such is his High-
ness's anxiety for the purity of every one belonging to
him, be they where they may ! Who can imagine, after
this, thiit he would encourage piracy ? Some intelligence
tidlows the decree to prevent every snspicion of this sort !
A Tunisian vessel having seized a Neapolitan ship, the
prize has been released by his orders, the Captain of the
piratical vessel imprisoned for fourteen days, and notice
has been given, that, whoever shall in future practice
piracy, in the Emperor's ports. shad soar Death. We
did not before know, that the three ports of Tunis, Tri-
poli, and Algiers, are all included in his dominions ; and,
although he now claims them, it is probable, that the
IJeys acknowledge his Sovereignty only pro lute sire,
intending this decree to be the answer of the whole fra-
ternity to Lord Exmouth. It will be observed, that no-
thing is said of remonstrtmees, or claims, from the Nea-
politan Court ; his Morocco Majesty acts upon his own
spontaneous ahhorence of piracy, as if lie hail now, for
the first time, heard of the practice ! And this he thinks
K ill send back the British squadron. We always knew,
that he would promise any thing, as soon as it Phoula
approach him, but did not expect so much stratagem titr
anticipating it. His Jewish subjects in Europe may, it
seems, send him any communications, which shall be (4
his good. Have they obtained the honour, in consequence
of their furnishing hint with this piece of cminterkit
morality, and telling him what to say, when he shall be
brought before the police of Europe ?
In an article front Morocco we find the following re-
markable statement .
His Excellency the Minister Seily Mahamet Sativs hid, on
the Lith of March, this year lacconting to the Christmn da
au cvening audience of his Majesty the Enmeror of Morocco.
The next marione the report of his smitten dratls was spread,
'which made a great scie::iiien. The property he has left is :cry
Line, and fall to the Imperial Treasury. IA lois room his
Excellency Atha: Also Mahantaim llst i is appomted Vice-
roy and Governor of all the islands nom Tetuan to
Ita-
ha lit"

The Manichikes who formed part of Bunnaparte's
guard. and who escaped to Algiers and Tunis from the
massacre the Ultra-royalists incited against them ut Mar-
seilles, whither they had orders to repair, are said to have
materially contributed to the fury of the Barbary Powers
+arainst the Christians of Europe.
Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's at Na-
pies, dated July 15 :
•. By thin day's letters from Corfu, we have the illsazre•:•ble
tidings that Ike Piave 113% broken on! in t,,,dialonia, and that
thirty-five persons fell victims to it in three days."

Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Ge-
r.oa, dated 27th. July:—
" Then• is news iu town that a French vessel kith a cargo of
stases has been captured by a 'fripoliiaa Cruizer, and carried
Tripoli."

We learn, that the master, mates, passengers, and crew,
17 in number, of the late brig.mtine, the Sitrpri,e of
Glasgow, wrecked off the west coast of Barbary, and
made captives by the Arabs in December last, have been
redeemed from slavery by the ironmongers' Componv.
The ransom money was five thousand dollars, exclusively
of other charges and expenees.
Rear Admiral Sir G. Cockburn has been employed
precisely one year in,conveving• Buonaparte to St. lie
iena, and permanently establishing a system of regula-
tions for his safe custody there during the term of his
funre life—it was on Thursday, August 3, last year,
that Sir George sailed from St. Helen's in the North-
umberland. Sir P. Malcolm arrived at St.. Hekna, with
the Newcastle and Orontes, on the 17th of June, and
succeeded Sir George in the command of the squadron,
employesl at St. Helena, Ascension, the Cape of Good
Hope, and the Mauritius. Sir G•orge sailed from St.
Helena on the 19th ult. with the Northumberland arid
Ibteephaitts; the latter came in on NVednesday. The
%.:phyr and learns were speedily to leave the station.—
When the Northumberland left St. Helena Ihionaparte
was in good health. He had lately been seldom visited
by our Officers. This state etiquette which is kept up at
his residence (the observance of which must precede all
interviews) not only prevents obtrusive visitors, but shuts
out all who have no taste for such burdensome forms.
Having, it would appear, no further hope of etc:ging
any alterations in his present condition, he is from the
necessity of the case habituating himself to confirm to
the life of a state prisoner. Mr. Warden, the Surgeon
of the Narthumberland; took a parting leave of him, when
he took the hackles front his knees and presented them to
him.

Sir T. Ma'.lan4, Governor of Malta, and Lord High
St-ward of the Ladan Isles, and his Staff, have arrived
from Malta. Cie:. Maitland is supposed to have conic
home for the purpose of attending reline consultations
upon the formati!ni of u dermitive Constitution for the
lani4o I:414,11s ; but the causes of the gallant General's
return are not positively LUOWIL
