A CLASSICAL AND ORIGINAL NEWSPAPER,
WILL Dr COMMENCED ON

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1808,

ENTITLED

THE INQUISITOR,

PRINTED IN QUARTO, ON TUE LititnrsT PAPER ALLOWED
TO BE USED-PNILE
To be published on the Afternoon of every
TUESDAY, THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY.

IT was observed by our illustrious Bacon, in his treatise
De Augmentis Scientiarum," that the multiplicity of books
should be considered indicative rather of scarcity than super-
fluity ; and that this penury, instead of being supinely regretted,
ought to be relieved by increasing the number of meritorious
productions. The observation extends emphatically to what are
denominated periodical publication.;. Every new literary pro-
ject supposes some deficiencies to be supplied, or some errors to
he remedied. Without meaning to depreciate contemporary
merit, the Proprietors of this Undertaking know that enough
►at not been done to satisfy just expectation ; while, without
assuming undue superiority in the republic of letters, they are
confident that The Inquisilor, both as to its plan and pretensions,
will be found inrontestibly to surpass any of those numerous
Journals hitherto submitted to the Public. If they obtain the
highest possible success, it will he because they are determined
eminently to deserve it. They can discover faults, which it
will be their concern to avoid; omissions, for which it will he
their duty to provide ; and adventitious aids, of which their
predecessors have neglected to avail themselves. Something
new, something estimable, something durable, will, they trust,
be the result of their labours. _ _

To combine the temporary attractions of a Newspaper with
the permanent advantages of an Annual Register, and, at the
same time, to connect, with the information of a Literary
Review, the diversified interest of a Monthly Magazine, ob-
♦iously presents the most extensive and desirable arrangement.
Comprehensive as is the destined sphere of THE INQUISI-
TOR, the frequency of its appearance, together with the un-
precedented dimemions of its pages, will, nevertheless, enable
the Proprietors fully to accomplish wlattever they stand pledged
to perform. The magnitude of their design therefore renders
freen; anxious to attach to themselves public attention. For
elegance of effect; for originality, novelty, and variety; for
the accuracy and copiousness of its details ; for the importance
of its information, and the opulence of its literature; for utility,
and for delight ;—the Proprietors aspire to produce a Publica-

lion that will find its way into every rank of society, and whose
' contents will render it au object of preservation to families the
most respectable. It will contain all that can attract, in the
evanescent communications of the day; and all that is desery
in; of perpetuation, in the established records of the age. Vo-
fatility will be amused, curiosity gratified, and knowledge
stimulated.

Something will doubtless be here expected on the subject of
Prilities. With respect to the conduct of The Inquisitor iu this
particular. few profftsions will, however, he made. Recent
events, both foreign :tad domestic, have demolished most of the
ancient barrier: of pArty, and exposed, at the same time, the
fatility of its distinctions. A large and highly respectable por-
tion of the community begin to emancipate themslves from that
clannish spirit which sees right and wrung only through the me-
dium of civil connexions ; and it is the patronage of this honour-
able description of readers that The inquisitor will be most
emulous to obtain and secure.
Orders received at the Office, No. 11, Catherine-street, Strand),
awl by a,ll Newsmen, Booksellers, Clerks of the Roads, &c.


• .0-.. : • p
THE NA:II6NA/, IkEGIAT

NA'



_O.6T. 16.

'AL REGIS'

'ER.

tottbon,
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, MB.

POLITICAL BEENTS OP TIIB WSZE.
We have received this week no intelligence of any consi-
derable importance from Spain. The enemy seem to limit
their operations to occasional excursions in search of plun-
der ; and to maintain, if possible, their positions along the
Ebro- The capture of taboo, the arrival of the corps wi-
der the command of the Marquis del RoEAaA, and *Me
movements on the part of General BLAKE, which menace
their rear, must unavoidably reduce them, before the arri‘
val of ;my cousiderable reinforcements, to hazard a gene.
ral enogeinent, in which, should they be defeated, their
retreat becomes extremely difficult—or to abandon their
present advantageous positions. The Spaniards seem to
conduct themselves with all that caution, which Was se
strongly recommended by the Patriotic Junta of Seville.—
Their preparations for the great contest, which is to decide
the slavery or liberty of their country, are going on, how-
ever, with that energy and actisity, so worthy of their
former reputation, the sacred cause they are engaged ill,
and the high principles of liberty and honour they have
lately displayed. This activity and this caution, united to
the unconquerable detestation they feel against their invr-
ders. are, according to human calculation, a certain gua-
rantee of their ultimate success. We feel something like
pride that men, labouring under the disadvantages they did,
about six months ago, have been capable of forming so
bold a. resolution, and of executing it. Their patriotism
will serve as a glorious example to every age and country.
that communities cannot be subjugated, if they have only
the will to resist. They have proved that difficulties, how-
ever menacing and gigantic, should never induce nations
to despair of their means, or enter into a compromise de-
rogatory to their independence and rights. Their State,-
men show themselves worthy of the confidence of so mag-
nanimous a people. Every act of theirs evinces a spirit of
wisdom, and of generous. devotion to the interests of the
people they serve. There is no man who reads the Expo-
sition of CEVAELOS, that will not feel veneration and affec-
tion for the honest Patriot, who, under the most trying
circumstances, displayed such heroic attachment to the
rights of his Sovereign, and incorruptible integrity, though
constantly assailed by. the threats and promises of the
Usurper and his infamous Agents. This celebrated docii.
ment, which tears the last veil from the face of the Tyrant,
and points him out to the world as not only a robber, but
as a treacherous friend and a despicable liar, gives us in
like manner, a very high idea of the talents and virtues of
several other Spanish Noblemen, who accompanied the
amiable and unfortunate FERDINAND to Bayonne. Those
men are fortunately restored to their country, which they
have now an.opportunity of benefitting with the whole ex-
tent of their experience and patriotism. Some have been
chosen as Members of the SOpreme Junta, which has al-
ready commenced its important. functions; and all endea-
vour by their present exertions, to clear themselves from
the most distant inipntatioo.of having favoured, or even
connived at, the atrocious projects of the enemy. It 1,.
