• THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

W. REED, Law 13.)3ksoller, 17, Fleet Street, opio-
site Chancery Lane, bnpi hive ropectfolly to acquair.t his Friends and
the I'mleation, that the late Partnmhip of REED and HUNTER.
has been dissolved by mutual consent, and that he shall in future carry
on businert at No. t 7. Fleet Strem, where he hopes fur a continuance
of those which. for many years as successor to Brook and Co.
he has so liberally expericncod.
N.B. Law Librarits, or Parcels of Law Books, &c. purchased.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON
MONDAY, JUNE 3.

Tun Khan's ITE UTH.—The following Bulletin, as
agretxl upon and signed by the Dactors, was yesterday
exhibited, at St. James's Palace to the Nobility, &c. by
Lord St. Helens and the Hon. F. Greville, the Lord and
Groom in Waiting :
Windsor Crsdr, June 1.

" His Majesty has enjoyed good bodily health, ■nd has been
nuilorinly tranquil throughout the last mouth; but his Majesty's
disorder is not diininished."

The Indefatigable frigate, Capt. Fyffe, arrived on
Saturday afternoon at Portsmouth from Rio Janeiro,
bringing intelligence of the death •of the Queen of
Portugal, on the 20th of March, and of the assumption
of the title of King by the Prince Regent : upon which
event there had been public expressions of joy, of the
most magnificent description. The Indefatigable left
Rio Janeiro on the 2d of April. She bad been upwards
of three years on the South American station.

Path, Dutch, and Brussels Papers have arrived to
the 29th ult.

Didier has been sent to the French authorities at
Champarittat.
Twenty-one individuals, who have been arrested at
Paris for conspiracy, are to be tried at the Court of As-
sizes early in the present month.
The French Attorney-General, it is said, intends ap-
pealing to the Court Royal against the Chamber of Ad-
vocates, who decided in *favour of M. Berryer. Such a
proceeding will be most impolitic and unpopular. The
subject ought never to have been agitated; and now that
it is disposed of, ought not to be revived.
The King of Naples has been obliged to lay on extra-
ordinary taxes, to raise the sums which he is bound to
Tray by the treaties negotiated under the auspices of
Lord Exmouth. He had undertaken to pay the money
by the first of the present mouth.
. .

Letters from the north of Germany mention incen-
diaries to have caused great destruction in several places.
In the Duchy of Brunswick ►here have been lircs in
more than flay villages, uud several suspicious persons
have been arrested.
Accounts from Rome mention, that the eminence on
which the town of Vasco was situated gave way and
sunk into an abyss. The Palace of the Prince, the Inagu-
zincs of the marine, and a number of houses, no longer
exist. The country, covered with summer retreats, gar-
dens, and olive plantations, now present a desolate and
cheerless waste.

An article in the Paris Paper, mentions the acquittal
of Berryer the younger, who was brought bcfhre the
Chamber of Discipline of the Order of Advocates,
at the instance of the Attorney-General, for opinions
delivered in his defence of General Cambrone, which
were thought repugnant to the principles of legiti-
macy. The Chamber pronounced the doctrines illegi-
timate ; but acquitted the accused, from the conviction,
it is said, they felt, that he (lid not publish them as his
own sentiments. Another person, who undertook the
defence of Drouot, was arraigned for the same offence ;
but the Chamber dismissed the charge, upon the plea of
their incompetency to try an individual who did not be-
lank, to their Order.
Private Letters from Paris state, that Tallcyrand has
as decidedly fallen into disgrace at Court, as Fouche ;
and that Blacas is about to be reinstated in place and
Royal favor. Macdonald and Gouvion St. Cyr are of the
Party of Tulleyrand; but discontents and not conspiracy,
is the alleged character of their association. They dis-
claim all revolutionary intentions ; but being themselves
of the Revolution, they arc dissatisfied with the oblitera-
tion of all traces of that event.

The arrest of Caulaincourt, though repeated in some of
die private letters received from Paris, is doubted in
others. He was formerly Ambassador from Buonaparte
to the Court of St. Petersburg ; and if he be really in
custody, it is supposed the Duke of Richelieu will interest
himself in his favour

The French are expediting squadrons for their different
Colonial "I:..ltiLlisliments. One for Pondicherry has
sailed from Brest ; and two others for Gaudaloupe and
Senegal, are on the point of departure. Count du Puy, u
Peer of France, is to be the Civil 'Governor of the French
Establishments in the East Indies.

The person in custoly at Perpignan, whom some of
the Paris Journals reported to be General Mina, turns
out to be an adventurer, who had assumed a military
character for the purpose, as stated, of swindling.
Celt. Woronzotf, who commands the Russian contin-
gent in France, has arrived in Paris. Ms journey, in
all probability, has Leen occasional by tho late disturb-
AnCcis,

JUNE 3.

The Brussels Pap.:rs contain same curious partiintlars
of th:: consoira.!ics whi'..ll have agitatel Fran e. A staff
officer has been arr,:stai, on whoa was found a ring, on
which a flower was engraved, containing. a portrait of
yoang Napoleon, a small card with a number and the
flumula of an oath. The enquiry excited by the circum-
stance produced a discovery, that there existed a society,
supposed to have for its object views hostile to the trn-
quillity of the State. Upwards of three hundred of the
Members have been arrested, among whom is a person
who was employed by Fouche, iu the chief department
of the Police.

The American Papers sal., that a Citizen of the United
States, an intriguing fellow, has contrived to have him-
Self placed us clerk to Buonapurte at St. Helena.
A Hanthurgli mail has brought is Papers and Letter*
to the Q.:ith ult. The report of a contagious disorder is
at Norway is contradicted.
Russia now considers Pohuul as within her frontiers.

Joseph Boonaparte's diamonds sell but heavily at Stut.
gun]. Ills ri►tar's claims to property in Italy are likely
to fail.

We have sometimes had occasion to notice the wisdom
and good feeling of l'ope Pius in the govcrument of his
dominions as n temporal prince ; and we consider him
ns desirousil rescuing his subjects from the arm of op-
pression, both in ecclesiastical and civil jurisdictions. In
this spirit, lib lately abolished the application of torture
in the Inquisition, and has since timbitl the loss of litb
and limb. In stating this, with the approbation we
could not fail to feel, we might have expressed our wish
also, that he had eutirclu abuli.shed that tribunal, most
impiously called the llolfi (glee. But it would be silly in
the extreme, and pernicious to the gradual improvement
of men in their political and social condition, to view
with an et it eye even the slow advance of Governments
toward the ref4in of the grosser abuses that continue to
exist in ei‘il and eccl;:aiastic4l. institutions. We bail the
good done ; and we at future, and even rapidly ii.-
creasing good, from these first imperfect footsteps. The
sound Ohm is trpo3 the earth ; and we hope they will
increase, till no cry of cruel persecution is heard among
civilized nations. We can excuse and sympathize with
those who impatiently view the slow progress of this
better order of things ; but we beg them to consi-
der, that they way greatly impede it by their very im-
patience.

kA letter from Lord Exmouth to the King of Naples,
dated Algiers, states the conclusion of a Treaty of Peace
on behalf of that Sovereign, with the I)ey of Algiers,
and for ransoming the Neapolitan slave : and also that
the Dcy had pledged himself to put an end altgether to
the system of Christian slavery•. The latter branch of
the agreement is an important change operated in liwour
of humanity. The ransom of the slaves is not very pa-
latable in some parts of Italy; in consequence of addi-
tional taxes being imposed, to raise the money that is re-
quired for this purpose.
Another of the petty States of Italy (Tuscany)
has made a Treaty with the Bey of Tunis ; by which
the trade of Leghorn will be secured from further de.
preaations.
Extract of a letter from Lloyd's Agent at Marseilles,
dated May 19.—" There was a violent insurrection at
Tunis the beginning of' this mmth. The insurgents
killed the Bey, and offered the Throne to his brother, who
refused it. Fearing they were betrayed, they got pos-
session of the Goleta and Forts by stratagem, and spiked
the guns ; they then took possession of five corsairs,
armed with 10 and 20 guns each, viz.—one brig, of 20
guns and 170 men ; one brig of 18 guns; and two
schooners, of 16 guns, with which they sailed. taking
with them a very rich booty and several of the principal
people. It is uncertain where they are gene, but it is
supposed to Constantinople."
The Pilgrim merchant ship, which is now in the
River, bound for Sierra Leone, carries out two Serjeants
of the Guards, six Corporals, throe Serjeants, and a
Corporal of the Corps of Artificers, who are going to
join Major Pedtlie, in his commendable expedition for
exploring the interior of Africa. These men, who
have been .selected for their courage and good conduct
in the campaigns of the Peninsula, are to have—the
Serjeants 1000, and the Corporals 500 dollars each,
which, in case of the death of any of them upon service.
will be received by his filially. They are a fine set of
men, andappear tobe well qualified for such anenterprize,
upon the prospect of which they are in excellent spirits.
In the same ship go a Lieutenant in the African corps
and two Staff Surgeons for Goree. There are also
some merchants going in her, in charge of merchan-
dise, with which they are to trade with the Africans,
consisting of trinkets, beads, calicoes, stuffs, and orna-
mental articles.

Lord Castlereagh will, it is thought, be removed to
the House of Peers : and Mr. Canning will assume the
lead on the Ministerial side in the House of Compions, in
the ensuing Session of Parliament.
Mr. Canning, after 'guiding at Plymouth on Sunda?
afternon, set o(f about live o'clock for Satrap], where
we untlerstaind he will continue a few days on a visit to
the Earl of Morley, previous to coming to town. •
it is kaingnlar flirt, and di-Inning of ireord, that in the
parish of Pas i.icy otenr %inch contain. 31.0 inhabi-
tants, there hal 1.1(1.11 but one death during the Out two years,
.and that of au liifsat six weekdo 014.

---W-
