-1,1

1

r X
Arb,•• 4:4•;4:---- 4lk--- At .10'4C0-•0.-06-....011Aiormin at,—
.. ,
.. ..., .
gt)lr Alitilv-(
(i,t7l k I ( fiL ik ri , Oter.
_• . .
•
• ,
•
•.,14.
tamer Stag, Vitittnian, anti Kaivo.
..i'
. .
,i,› 106'
No. 1,326.—V0L. XIV.] motemir, AUGUST 13, 1821. Paler. Bed.
_ Awe
ev.roweerowiervismillaillMlNEßMllllllk .
run o'ciocre oontinuodao grow onto. Her `Majesty
311Inedii anb ;Death No bulletin is yet kepi. A few minutes aim" .. . keg before she oodeed this
the cry of' women tweelinerd in the upper a • ,•- - • .. Me wag Et
to her ; doe ewe dem dooms
OF HEIt MAJESTY THE QUEEN. f Brandesbargh Bodo I but no immediate •• : 'ved in Eii her CONlllies hod, ley plis wed
-AO- is announced. It is impossible not to be '- • ~. . .1• - engewibereg to . herr " ewillt
• •
. Our account of the wean of her majesty was with the earnest yet cautious demeanour of t•- I . " said INT y, a y . VIPs
Perms (no setter whet their resis) who are • • orite Wit • . ait es
eontitmed is oar last, up lathe WIWI' of Monday, . yrepaiting *or ewes after her
.. witk d- the nevem,-
end wet proceed With it to be lamented fetal • • 16PallaY lAD show lb -. ' - . ariette Brune, to her bed-tide, she raid--" Your
nation. at the lodge a two decent,m attentive, young w . '.ter Dumont has done e great injury ; her
r e
itAIKSIEISSITH• TUNSDAT. MILE PAST THILEK P.N. men ; and yet, notwithstanding the concourse o. • ickedness has been very great : but tell her that I
All here is alarm and confusion. A report ' • •wons, and the eagerness for intelligence, not .orgive—tell her that with my dying breath I forgive
. uestion is asked above the tone of a whisper. I Cr."Jusobefore eight, she sunk for a short time
afloat that the Queen has had a relapse. No la A messenger from the Duchess of Kent has been to a doze. tam after the eye became fixed, the
• factory answer can be obtained from the servants at at Brandenburg House. We hear that he cat -. e. usele grew rigid, and a stupor ensued, from which
Brandenburgh-house. The morning bulletin still back only a verbal message; it is said, a message • .er Majesty never awoke. At twenty-five minutes
threatening import. ~ ten o'clock (after an entire absence of sense and
stands at the gate. It is this:— soar PAST TEN O'CLOCK. 1 , culty of more than two bouts) nature gave up the
.. The Queen his. passed the night without sleep : her M' • The struggle is over! Hope, fear, anxiety, are
.. ntest ; and, almost without a struggle, the Consort
ty's Symptomb are not WOrlie than yesterday. now alike at un end: Caroline, Queen of England,
(Signed as before.) f George IV., and the reigning Queen of England,
• Mr. Wilde, Dr. loishington, and two of her M
is no more. xpired.
jesty's Physicians, are now in consultation. T
The shock through the household was violent, At half past eleven o'clock the following bulletin
. s
almost to stupefaction. About five minutes ago, • was issued
most positive orders are given that their conferen•- Moorish domestic of her Majesty burst, half frantic, n Her Mensteeeputed this life at twenty-Ike minutes pass
shall not be interrupted. into the vestibule; and at the same instant a loud -.„eilteUtath kti (sted as
ugust 7.„ .)
and lengthened shriek from the female servants, as
A messenger is this moment despatched to Dr. The persona present at the moment of her Ma.
they rushed towards each other from their several esty's' death wereoLord and Lady •Hood, and Lady
Baillie.
HALF PAST nova O'CLOaK• apartments, rendered all explanation unnecessary • Ann Ilamiltop ;41derman WoN and his am; the
the horror-struck spectators. The cry of alarm w • Rev. Mr. John Wood ; Drs„flaißiei:Aindie, Maton,
••• The evil news gains strength. The gates of h ucceolled by a long and fearful pause. It was a Warren, and Holland ; • Mr: Wilde, Dr. Lushing-
Majesty's residence are surrounded. The household • use of death-like silence—of a silence which every on, and Mr. Austin. .e' . .
is in consternation. The principal domestics believe •ne dreaded to break. Even to the last fatal mo- Soon after the bulletin wee delivered, all the me-
thatment, spite of evidence to rho contrary, all had
there has been an important change, and feniced gentlemeu except Dr. Holland, departed. Dr.
hoped, and many had trusted, that she, their friend Holland remained all night at Bmndenburgh-house,
that it is a change of an unfavourable nature. The
and mistress! would recover. The sobs of the women
~. dui also Lady Anne Hamilton. Numerous ex-
inquirers are so numereus, that it is found necessary were loud and unrestrained ; the men covered thei rinses were sent off in different directions.
to prevent persons (except of rank, or on immedia faces with their hands and wept. It was long be e In about an hour after the death of her Majesty
business) from entering the avenue. Dr. &dB- any thing like regularity could be restored. F the servants were admitted to see her, the /mile'
•• me time,. all.dis.tinctious of rank appeared to be,
is sent for, we understand, at her Majesty's exprewring been laid out, and' a White covering placed
:n end ;in this instance, the most eminent iadiei - ver it to the neck. The altezation-in her features
desire.
111 a. rive o'cLOCk. leafs present were seen walking shottas•abe kw". was so great that several of them could scarcely be-
orgetting to claim, and scarcely receiving, any thi lieve it. was their late mistress. . the black,
Three expresses have this instant passed throug. like ready attention from their own servants. At whom her Majesty brought froltrrßrasils (an
the town : they have all taken the road to London. length, the necessity of making certain amn. •rphan) is inconsolable, and refuses to take food.
High-street is crowded with persons, met question clients produced the restoration (in some degree) • The inhabitants of Hammersmith would scarcely
in the other, and all alike unable to give answer. • rder ; and we are enabled to collect a few particu redit the intelligence of the Queen's death till
g
,
:rs which may be relied upon as authentic. . fficial notice was given to the Rector of Hammer-
The inhabitants of the town are running from •
At an early hour this morning her Majesty's •.mith church, and the hell began to toll. It tolled
quarters towards Brandenburgh-house. Dr. Bairn. friends and servants were impressed with a full con- •m two to three on Wednesday morning, and again
is arrived. viction of her speedy recovery. It would appear, .' on eight to nine. Young Austin is overwhelmed
• %%%%% El PAST rivf* however, that the expectations of the Queen hersel with grief, and indeed every member of the family.
The ill-tidings are confirmed. The follow . :
were not so sanguine; for when Mr. Wilde re- Dr. Lushington and Mr. Wilde were with her Ma-
bulletin has this moment been issued:
Guested leave to attend his professional duties on the testy when she expired. She expressed a decided
.. In the course of the morning her Majesty has suddenly .
become much worse. (Signed as before.) western circuit, the royal patient intimated her wish wish for her remains to be conveyed to Germany, to
This account, the more terrible as it was unex- that he should remain. About noon unfavourable • interred in the same vault with her gallant father
petted, scatters dismay in every direction. An ex symptoms began to manifest themselves, and her •nd brother.
press has been sent to the Lord-Mayor, with a co. Majesty endured considerable pain : that undaunt- Dr. Lushington wrote to the Earl of Liverpool
of the bulletin. resolution, however, which had conducted her in n Wednesday morning about 11 o'clock, from
• BIZ O'CLOCK. safety over nearly half the surface of the habitable Cambridge-house, respecting the necessity of some
Dr. Ainslie end Dr. Warren are here. Mr. globe, which taught her first to defy the threats, . rrangement takiug place relative to the disposition
Thompson, her Majesty's apothecary, is also come. and then enabled her to base the machinations of f her Majesty's remains. The Noble Earl trims.
The Prince Equilano, Mr. Hobhouse, and Mr. her enemies—that noble determination did not for witted a letter on the receipt. of Dr. Lushington's
Douglas Kinnaird, came in at a gallop about hal sake her even in her dying hipr, and, if she suffered immunicetion, and invited him and Mr. Wilde to
an hour back ; and a vast number of horsemen are . •verely, she suffered without a murmur. Opiat • • Fife-house, to which place they set out at half-past
hovering about Brandenburgh-house for intelli- were administered, and for some time they had a 12 o'clock. At one a messenger was sent to Messrs.
gence. The medical men arc now with her Majesty •nsoling effect; but, at two o'clock, increased in- France and Bantine, the King's upholsterers, of
We have been interrupted by a report of her flammation was visible to every one, and the post- • Pall-mall, to attend' at Cambridge House, for the
Majesty's decease. We mention the rumour to show haste attendance of the physicians was desired.— purpose of receiving orders fin the coffin of her Ma- .
. the state of anxious feeling; it is wholly without Drs. Heinle, Maton, and Holland, first arrived, and 'esty, and the funeral paraphernalia. At twenty
foundation. under their directions, the bulletin half-past finir minutes past one a gentleman arrived from France .
.• SEVEN O'CLOCK. 'cluck was put forth. Dr. Ainslie and Dr. Warren and Banting's, and waited the return of Dr. Lush-
Stories of every description are afloat; they arc
presented themselves immediately after. At fou in ton from Lord Liverpool s. Alderman Wood,
caught up by the stuge-coaches passing through
o'clock Mr. Wilde was summoned to her Majesty's • and Mr. Hieronymus, her Majesty's steward, both
, Ilernmersmith, and will, no doubt, by to-morrow
chamber. At that time a marked alteration—an left Hammersmith for town ou Wednesday morning
.- morning make their way to all quarters of the king
alteration which could scarcely be mistaken—had about 11 o'clock. 'file surgeon and two of her
dom. Nothing authentic has transpired within the . in
taken place her appearance. The illustrious. Olajesty's physicians returned on Thursday morning
, last hour.
sufferer herself seemed perfectly aware of ths ' to Brandenburgh-house, for the purpose of being
EIGHT o'ciesex.
Matters remain in the same state. A inessenge 'Mange ; and, amid the tears of all who surrounded present during tbe opining of her Majesty's body,
from the Duke of Sussex has been at Brandeuburgh her, spoke with calmness and with resignation of and preparing it fur its being placed in the coffin.
House: he brought a letter, and, after waiting a her approaching dissolution. She thanked he On Thursday evening at seven o'clock the leaden
few minutes departed at full speed with the answer friends for the care they had bestowed upon her ; 'en for the remains of her Majesty was brought to 2
NINE O'CLOCK. lamented her inability to reward their kindness Brandenburgh House, and about eight the body was •
The Queen's medical attendants are still in con- as it deserved ; and expressed the iteot perfect con- I•laced in it, and it was eoldersel up. ,
sultation : Lord Hood, Alderman Wood, aloWilde viction that in a few hours she dieted cease to need Friday evening the woi Linen of Meesrs. Bailey
and Dr. Lushington are with them. A bulletin I their attention. She cononended her soul with hu- and Sanders, the King's Upholsterers, commenced '-- ,
presently expected. We hear her alejesty is dosing, mility, but with confidence, to her Creator ;an covering the whole of the interior of the Vestibule
and that she is at present nearly or quite out of trusted to meet that justice in auce her world which and Entrance Hull of Brandenourgh-House with • N''‘ a,
pain. it is but justice to the iudividuels who cum. had been denied to her in thee I-Icr Majesty ad- black cloth; and Sat unlar, at noon, they had made ev.i..,_'
pose her Majesty's household to soy, shut they are verted also to some highly important and interesting . rest progress in their work, Ihe flour is covered te;
penetrated with the deepest distress on her account facts, with which we are nut as yet fully favoured with hie. k baize, cod the mansion which, a few 1"S-he, •
the Queen, at least, may be truly said to have tlilt and upon which we decline thereof for the present, menthe ago, was seriountled by hundreds and thou-
blessings •'7" eve
of those who eat her bread. to enter. P'rotn four until seven ualesl., the (Seem; . sande of iser:UllN with flags and mnsie, which made' - • •
-,-. •
- , . - , • -.• -F•
.-.• '- . -/-=.O-t •--- ,' •.. -- -.4 *•_ ~. 2,-,t,..-. ~- . - ;_-
• ...--- - •..- • - -1' \ i
.- ' • -----f-
. i

"""6411b 4."1": AA' 441111.
• ,•,.
..250 THE NATIONAL REGISTER

the place one scene of' lively gaiety and r'"rat&
is now become the dreary mausoleum of thy
the melancholy and deserted appearance of whit
is such a contrast to its tiirmer state, that it forcibl
affects the mind of every person who visits the
The external cuff' is now completely finishe
The plate is very large and massive, about a r
of an inch in thickness, gilt and burnished.
fiiLiwing is the inscription :
Depositum
Serenissitide Principessar
•• CAROLINA AMELLE ELIZABETILE,
Del Gratis Regina; Consortis
Augustissimi Potentissiiiii Monarchs
Quarti.
Dei Grade Brit.uniarum Regis, Fidei
DefenstMo, (tegis Hanoyerce, ac Brunsviai
Ac Luneburg; Ducis.
Obit VD. die Mensis Augnsti,
Anuo D;unini MDCCCXX.I.
lEtatis sum LI V.
IT HANSI. AT lON. I
Di)wsitory of
(the remains of)
CAROLINE ANI ELIA ELIZABETH,
By the Grace of Got Queen Consort of
Tile most Augur sod Powerful Monarch,
GEORGE IV.
By the Grace of God King of the Pnited Kingdom,
Defender of the
King of Hanover, and Duke of Brunswick and Lunen!
Died 7th day of the month of August, in the year I
In the 54th year of her age.
At nine o'clock on Friday evening Dr. Li
ton and Mr. Wilde, two of the executors,
together in one carriage.
Mr. Alderman Wood had been at the Hi
whole of the day, and at seven o'clock the
of the Alderman ar:ivcd in their careia,4e.
At a few minutes before ten, the Houselti
summoned to hear the will of their beim
tress read.
By her Majesty's NVill she directs that Cm
House shall be sold, and the purchase-mon;

. was consider,ll by the Court
►pie of England us a most desirable
yal Highness the Prince of Wales.
.heir Royal Highnesses, after a short
place on the bth olApril, 1795, in
he Royal Family and of the Fincii.
kingdom. Nothing could be more
the celebration of these nuptials,
ling than the joy which all classes
on the occasion; addresses pouf

to Mr. William Austin—it being confider
pected by her legal advisers that she had an
ble claim on Government to provide her a hour
The first instalment on the purchase had been
by her Majesty—and the two next, amour
12,0001., are guaranteed by the house of
Ransom and Cu.
Her claims under the Will of her mod
Duchess of Brunswick, whatever they may
to, she also leaves to Mr. William Austin,
makes him her residuary legatee.
She directs a sealed box, which she descril
be transmitted to a merchant in the City, to
she owed 4,3001. It is supposed to contain
diamonds.
She bequeaths 5001. each to Lord and Lady
Ske leaves a picture of herself to Lady At
miltoh, one to the Marques Antaldi, one
Signor Fcdiei, and one to Mr. William Aust.
She leaves to Dr. Lushington her coach
picture.

part of the country to congratulati
on their union ; and when in
tards it was understood that the
way to give un heir to the throne, I
people was at its height.
short was the space in which E►
ate herself' on the union which
auspicious. Within a very few .
Royal Nuptials, domestic differences
nature we cannot distinctly state,
to repeat the scandalous rumours
but they were probably of that
might have been easily accommodated
Highness been properly advised.
' maternal friend to offer advice ,
circumstance had unhappily occurred
the regard of a high personage, •
with the Prince was very great.
unhappy differences, from wt
sprung, terminated in a separation
s after the birth of the lament
,te, which happened on the 7th
he Princess of IVales became
separate establishment on Blackheath.
residence here her Royal Highness '
atance with Sir John and Lady
constant associates. After a .
n. Royal Highness was informed
which induced her to decline the
laid the finindation of what is
' the " Delicate Investigation,
of occurrences which ought ►
the portal of domestic privacy.
was cleared of the charge
two successive commissions of
I, and subsequently by her Sovereign
her domestic disquietude was _
ttercourre with her daughter was
actions as closely watched as
the resolution of going abroad,
, in the year 1814, the Princess I
very much against the advice of I
Mr. Whitbread and Mr. Bt

—.aces attending her.residence
it are too voluminous even to ;
analysis, and too recent in the
readers to require enumeration,
apply to the interval from
to England, in August twelveinoni
tcement of her malady, which
Aution on Tuesday night.
Majesty was born on the 17th
on the 7th of the present month,
'ears, 2 months, anti 21 days.

- She leaves to Hieronymous her harouchettl
her linen—and to the sister of Demout
wearing apparel.
Her Italian property is not alluded to,
was previously settled by a notarial deed.
She directs that her body shall not be
nor laid in state—and that she should be bu;
the side of her father and brother at Bninsi
The body to be sent off in three days.
The following inscription to be engraved
tomb-stone :
" To the Memory of Caroline of Brunswick,
ittjured Queen of England."
There are two Codicils to the Will, cont
tokens of affection to her domestics.
Lord and Lady Hood, Lady Ann Hamill

be cloeed

'reparations have already commenced
, fur funning processions to at'
. her Alajesty trona Hammersmith
from thence a part of the way •
they may be put on board ship.
minion Council is to be held on
other bodies have also given In_
a similar purpose. Among these,
nf lla►nmenmith, who have '
:uous tar their attachment to their
have been anxious to pay the
her memory. The tbliowing.,
course of signature there on En
obtained the names of many of _
individuals in the neighbourhood
, the undersigned inhabitants of this '
iwith call a public meeting to consider
the respect of the inhabitants at large 1
. Gracious Majesty the Queen Consort
Mr. James (Somme, Churchwarden of.
Aug. 10, 1b.:1."
.Idition to this the annexed circu,
gentlemen who formed the Conn
- her Majesty's escort from Harm
on the day of her visit to St. l'-
" Sta,—You are requested to meet the rest c
r late Majesty's 1...t0rt Committee at the
House on Saturday evening. at b o'clock
steps us may appear neceNsary in order
-ct to her Majesty, by tornang a

Austin, and Mr. Alderman Wood and the
his flintily were present upon this mournful
teresting occasion.
Of the many little circumstances whicl
under our observation as connected with the.
ruble event in question, we cannot refrain
giving the following anecdote a place in our cols
—About twelve o'clock on Wednesday an
equipage drove up to the lodge of Brandeni
house, and one of the ladies (they were
number) in the carriage requested in an
tone to look at the bulletin. The woman
lodge handed her the document containing
intelligence, and she sunk back in the carriage
sobbed aloud. The other ladies were equally aili•ci
and the carriage drove off with its Mir Mum
still venting their grief, apparently without ti
power of suppressing it.
When her Majesty was on her death-bed, she
asked by a confidential attendant, whether she had
any writings of a private nature which she wished
to dispose of, us it was probable that immediately
on her demise her papers would be examined. fler
Majesty's reply was, that she had no papers that she
wtshed to conceal—that the whole of them might
be printed it• it were d satisfaction to any one.
i ler M3j,:sty was the second daughter and fifth
elokl of the late Charles William Ferdinand, Duke
o! Brunswick IVolleabuttle, by the Princess Augusta,
daughter of his Royal Highness the late Frederick
Lewis, Prince of Wales, and sister of our late re-
ered and most gracious Sovereign King George 111.

1 am, Sir, your bumble servant,
" Aug. 10. IN2I. " J. BOW I.llc --
A similar circular has been issued
imen who honied part of the late procession
'Paul's.

The above arc not the only public
the Wye and vcni.rat:on in which hei
was hell ; to- a tat-eting of the vest
parish of St. Sepulchre, London, it was
resolved, that the parish church shot
with black, in the same manner in wl
the death of the late Princess Charloll
example of proper keling whill we
will produce wally unttutvn.

rattilatlon, The Princess
the dead, People of Em
;of which Royal Highni
it forcibly oftheir Royal
,s the spot. took place on
inished.— of the Royal 1
a quarter the kingdom.
heft. The than the cep
touching than
testified on th
every part of
couple on till
afterwards it
in a way to g
of the people
But short I
congratulate I
be so auspicio
the Royal N
• what nature
H, not tsish to
lay ; but the
hat might ht
;door, Royal Ilighns
anenberg, no kind mate(
ar Mt, for a circums
lost her the n
Lushim,- ence with the
s, arrived These unit:
they sprung, I
House the months after
:he family Charlotte, wh
llottt
„ were
1796. The Pi
ozc separate loved inis- her residence
acquaintance
3anibrid,,,s(e
were her cons
iom•y paid time her
early ex-
stances which
an equita-
which laid th
house.— name of the
been paid closure of oce
tintin,, to
escaped the p<
)L. Messrs. the Princess v
her by two at
other the Council, and
v amount Uncle, her 11(
1, and she her intercour
and her actii
tribes, to adopted the n
to whom singly, in the
main her land, very mu
tail friends, M
14 Hood' The circum
Ann Ha- Continent are
tisne to the
f .fury anal
ustita.
of our reader
.th and a observations a
thette and eturn to EN
commencetnen
t her
her dissolution
Her Majes
1, as that and (lied on tl
of 53 years, 2
opened—
buried by Preparation
tswick.— quarters, fur 1
mains of her i
id on her and on from t
which they in
;wick, the. A Common
Several other
iontaining ings for a siM
bitant:.
ilton, Mr. conspicuous to
whole of Queen, have
11 and in- bate to her in
.--- in the course
Lich came already obtain
he deplo- pectable indiv
rain from
`. We, the um
r columns: will forthwith cal
n elegant evincing
her the_ reap
.
lenburgh- Tao tMur.ra.lcia:
three in
n agitated In addition
in at the to the gentlen
; the fatal ranging her 3
rriage and London on th
y affected,
1;
inmate., • of 11%
Coffee House un
thout the adopt such steps
tribute of respect
she wa, her funeral.

Court and the The theatres were ordered to be closed on Wed-
Ile match fur his ncsday, and also on the day of the funeral. St.
;. The marriage' Paul's bell has been tolled by authority, as well as
,ort negociation, the bells of the other churches.
in the presence Queen Caroline, the Consort of King George 11.
cipal nobility in died of the same severe indisposition which has ter-
tore magnificent initiated the life of Queen Caroline, the Consort of
fials, nor more King George IV.
sea of the people _— _. ___
poured in from ON TIIE DEATH OF OUR GRACIOUS QUEEN CAROLINE.
tulate the royal —.....
n a few months Ow earth denied the Imperial Crown,
he Princess was Cs. Refused to share her husband's Throne;
ie, the happiness Heaven, pitying, viewed her, and in love,
Gave the Celestial Crown above. C.
England could •
Lich promised to FROM TUESDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.
.m....
w months after WAIL OFFICE, Aua. 7.
rences arose, o Ist Regiment of Lite Guards.—Lieut. Col. Hon. H. Beaumont
ate, and we do Lygon, from the 9uth Foot, to be Lieutenant Colonel, vice
0 Loghlin, who exchanges.
rumours of the 90111 Regiment of Foot.—Major Gen. T. O'Loghlin, from the
that trivial kind Ist Life Guards, to be Lieutenant Colonel, vice Lygon, who
iodated had her exchanges. _
ed; but she had BANKRUPTS.
C. B. Retlward, Portsca, scrivener. Solicitor, Mr. Williams,
ice or assistance, Chancery Lane.
occurred which G. Atkinson, Bishop Wearmouth, dealer. Sol. Mr. Blakistoo,
Symord's Inn.
ge, whose influ (1. S. Filmy, Little Yarmouth, brickmaker. Sol. Mr. Francis,
I. New Boswell Court.
whatever cause CoJ.lltoocoln,,sens
In.n Bristol, merchant. Sols. Messrs. Vizard and
ion within three W. l'itsech Axminster,.
Devonshire, grocer. Sols. Messrs.
rented Princess Alexander and Co. New Inn.
7th of January, DIVIDENDS.
c the inhabitant Aug. b.; 2ILLsW, VAltileilljonsoAuttrant)t,
tollneetatlo Lbrire,3ocait.leNiobbiecr,
heath. During Derby, mercer-23, A. Keating, Strand, silversmith-28, J.
ncss formed an Moore, Bishop hlonktun, J. Tennant, Leeds, and J. Foster,
ly Douglas, who Bishop Monkton, flax spinners-30, P. Martin, Little Harrow.
den, Northamptonshire, baker-31, M. Powden, Ross, Bere-
a lapse of some fordshire, mealinan-28, W. Stanley, Warwick, liquor merchant
.mete of circum- i„ R. Fox, jun. Norwich, silk mercer-2s, S. Cater and J.
Home, Watling Street, warehousemen-28, F. Savery, Bristol,
the connection, marine insurance broker-14, J. Dowley, Willow Street, Bank-
s known by the side, corn merchant—is, J. W. A. snueas, Lime Street. spirit
;,Saunders,an,ti anonl uken.
anStreet,iire St.sh J tees'r .
n," and the din- merchant—Sept.
J. Jol4u;sot,
never to have 1, T. Ward, Toweimer, Northaniptonshile, lace cleal:riLs,P'7.
y. But though Woollven, Andover, linen draper—Nov. 3, 11. Berthoud, Soho
urge imputed to Square, linen draper.
of the Cabinet CERTIFICATES to be granted August 28.
J. Hardwick, Clare Street, Clare Market, butcher—F. Frank-
Sovereign and lin, Leamington Priors, Warwickshire, surgeon—W. Ta3lor,
is not removed ; Wading Street, calico printer—J. Within, jun. Ville of Mons-
was restricted, wick,
merchant
—H.
, Basford,er. Stafford.
Hertford, shoemaker.
las ever. She
.._ _ __ _
sad, and accor- SUPPLEMENT TO THE LONDON GAZETTE OF
ass quitted Eng- TUESDAY, AUG. 7.
)1' her confiden- WHITEHALL, Auousr 8, 1821.
Yesterday evening, at 23 • tax alter 10 o'clock, the Queen
Brougham. eparted this life, after a short but painful illness, at Branden-
residence on the burgh House at Hammersmith.
3 admit of a sa-
the recollection tEXTDACT OF A PRIVATE LETTER.]
ion. The same CRONSTADT, JULY 15.—" A great calamity,
m her ,Majesty's
ve M which has been added to innumerable other misfor..
niontle to the .
tunes, at Bucharest, has caused me to make my
a terminated in escape from that unhappy city. There has been an
earthquake accompanied by a more violent storm
th of May, 1768
than the inhabitants ever remember to have taken
ontli, at the
age place : about 1.400 houses have been destroyed: a
great number of the inhabitants perished in the
... ruins. A shower of hail, as large us a nut, de-
need in several , stroyed the trees which the storm had spared, anti
attend the re- also sonic peasants who were in the open fields, with
with to London, nearly the whole of the crops. The Turkish Lad-
y to the port at . dicry, seized with a superstitious terror, exclaimed
p. is —' infidel Ypsilanti, whom we are seeking
a Tuesday next.' upon earth, has ascended to the skies to fight with
notice of meet- , us front thence.'
these, the Mita- " The plains of Walachia, which I traversed,
ve been always from Bucharest to the frontiers formerly so beautiful
their persecuted and fertile, now present the appearance of desola-
a last public tri- Lion and ruin: the dead bodies with which they are
requisition was covered infect the air; nothing is to be heard but
Friday, and had the mournful howlings of dogs who have lost their
of the most res- musters, fill the forests and fields—no more men,
,rhood:— nor towns, nor villages—the barbarians have de-
hamlet, request you stroycd every thing, even the fruit trees, to gratify
ier the best means el their savage fury—more than 20,000 persons, the
e for the memory or greater part of them women and children, have been
n of George IV.
of Hammersmith, dragged into slavery beyond the Danube. Aged
men and women are massacred without mercy, and
ircular was sent the lives of young women only are sparetl, who are
numittee for ar- Lcstined for the Harem, and those of children to be
lammersti:ith to brought up in the Mahometan religion; the con-
Paul's :
the Gentlemen vents and churches are every where raze
dUnit their
,the
the Haninienanith Ibundutions: in a convent of women, those who
cock precisely, w were advanced in years were put to the sword, and
order to pay the last the young females carried into slavery.
procession to attend
" The Walachian troops, who basely betrayed in
servant, battle the interests of their country, as well as the
NG, Chairman." Greeks their companions in arms, are recovering
I to the gentle- i
rocession to St. , from their error when too late, nod rallying round
Jordaki, a Greek of Thessaly, and formerly a com-
minder in the militia of his country. Despair has
L: testimonials of ,
ter late Majesty given them fresh courage, and they have gained
several partial advantages over the 'lurks, who have
stryinen Lit the.
be
vas unanimously been repulsed at several points with the loss of up-
wards of 6,000 men."
&add be hung
which it was on
ttte. This is iii The King's servants in the Mews are all dressed
a have no doubt in mourning, in consequence of ithe death of her
Majesty.
