Palace of St. James, where she waa received by Ilia

Majesty and the rest of the Royal Family. At nine its
the saute eveniog the snnrriagc ceremony was s lrm
razed by the Archbi.cliop. of Canterbury, in the Royal
Chapel, under circumstances of appropriate splendour
and respect. The usual congratulatory addresses were
presented to their Majesties from both Houses of Par-
liament, the two Universities, and all counties, cities,
and corporations in the kingdom. The Grand Assem-
bly of the nation prepared likewise a testimony of their
duty and munificence. On being formally acquainted
with the marriage of the King, they provided liir the
support of her Majesty, agreeably to the Sovereign's
wishes, a jointure of 100,0001. per annum, which was
settled upon her by an Act of the Legislature, together
with the Palace of Richmond and Somerset-have,
which when thes,buffiAV/se was pulled down fur the-
purpose of erecting Covernment offices, was exchanged
for Buckingham House. I'm the ficllowing year the joy
of the nation was increased by the birth of an hair to
the throne.

Her Majesty's figure was very pleasing, but her
countenance. though not without attraction when she
smiled, could not boast any claim to beaety. It was,
however, a well-known use;, that the King declared
himself satisfied ex•ith his connubial eirtene. She was
popular when Lord Bute's administration had rendered.
the King the reverse. She gave beautiful children to
the country. She interested the people of England as
a fruitful mother; and was considered with, general
regard as a domestic woman so much so, that Colonel
Barre, then a violent opposition speaker, didivetesi a
very splendid ettlogium en her " mild, tender, and un-
assu Ming vi rt
With a truly royal foresight, she adopted, on coming.
to the Throne, amid with 'inflexible firmness she ever
afterwards maintained, that system of discri►uination in
regard to those who were honoured by her notice, the
basis of which was a delicate regard tax• female honour.
Ileum it has happened that the manners of the English
Court have become so conspicuous throughout Europe
for their purity; and hence, too, although rives of .1
certain class can never be eradicated front 1111111911 44111-
infinities, yet they have in our country been dept 'vet
of that great support which arises teem the ptiblie
countenance of rank and fashion, An Englishwe man,
of high birth, not received at Court, is, in fact, seclud-
ed from the society of her equals, and even !nuke 1
down upon, with emaciate, by the lowest female oi
nnimpeuched character. It is not to be calimlitted hoar
great a good has been derived to English months feint
this single source, in the emelt, of the last halfcent•try
—a period unhappily marked by the relaxation of s 3
many other moral ti.s.
About the evaittiil period of the meditated Regency,
in I7Mp the Qleen Pe lof having changed
a urea' degree th t whole completion and purpose of her
lifj• ; and of having become an a 'aye and sellouts !inner •
of the springs of party. But it must be remembered,
that Her Majesty wes then taught to be i:ve the sup.
port of the Miniaer necessary to her own defence, and
even to that of the interests mid independence of her
afflicted huebtuel.

111

: • .
.:
4,7.2
• v: •

$7O

The habits of her Majesty were regular. methodical,
and economical ; but it was an economy which enabled
her more liberally to dispense her bounty to deserving
objects. It is an undoubted fact, that her Majesty
d:stribnted large sums of money in the exercise of pri-
vate charity ; but her charity was really private, not
o3tentutioutdy performed, that the world plight applaud
the giver. It was an express injunction, which sworn=
Trinket every act of benevolence on her part, that it
should be kept secret. To each nurse of her children
she gave a penlon 01'2001. a year, as well as to several
of their sons. Among the many instances of her chari y,
we msy select the fidlowing :—Her Majesty took charge
of, and educated, the orphan child of au officer who
tied in the West Indies. The child was brought to
England by a Scrjeant of the Regiment. The Queen's
notice was 'twat ted by au advertisement in the public
pipers, from the St:di:ant. Her Majesty not only edu-
cated this chid, but caused him to be amply provided
for. It is a Let, equally known, that the Queen took
under her protection the widow of an officer killed at
Bunker's 11111, and educated the son. These two facts
arc mentioned, not as solitary instances of her Majesty's
humane, charitable, and honourable feelings and dispo-
sition, but to show the nature of the application of the
large status of Homey supposed to have been in her pos-
session. Many u retired and solitary sufkrer has been
cheered by her royal benilieence, without knowing the
hand from which the succour proceeded.
_ _

But the crown and consummation of all her other
excellencies was, that entire unity of affection which.
ibr above halt' a century, knit together her heart and
thut dour beloved Monarch ; nor can we even 'effect
but with a feeling of national gratitude on the constant
personal attention to the good old King, which Her
Majesty continued, in so exemplary a manner, to pay,
for years after he had become unconscious of her kind-
ness.

According to another account, the circumstance which
first excited a predilection for her, on the part of his
Majesty, was the pathetic and spirited appeal, which
she made to Frederick the Great, in 1757, who had
amused his troops to levy contributions in the Duchy of
Mecklenburgh. The following is n copy of the letter
which she addressed to the Invader : •••••
MAY IT PLEASE Youa MAJESTY.

I am at a loss whether I should congratulate, or condole, with
you on your late victory; since the same success which has covered
you with laurels. has overspread the country of Meeklenburgli with
desolation. •1 know. Sire, that it seems unbecoming my sex, in this
age of vicious refinement, to feel for one's country, to lament the
horrors of war, or wish for the return of peace. I know you may
think it more properly my province to study the arts of pleasing, or
to inspect subjects of a more domestic nature ; but, however (tube-
coming it may be in me, I cannot resist the desire of interceeding kw
this unhapppy people.
“ It was but a very few years ago, that this territory wore the most
pleasing appearance. The country was cultivated„.the peasant looked
cheerful, and the towns abounded with riches and festivity ! What
an alteration at present from such a charming scene !.- I am not
expert at description—nor can my fancy add any horrors to the•
victors.; but sure even Conquerors themselves would weep. at the
'hideous prospects now before me. The whole country, toy dear
country, lie one frightful waste,. prestutdag only 'objects to excite
terror, pity. and despair ! The busininad the husbandman and the
shepherd are quite discontinued ; the hnsbandnum and the sbep..
herd are beenitai soldiers theuisehies, and help to ravage the soil they
formerly cultivated. The towns arc inhabited only by old men, Wo-
men and children ; perhaps hem and thereu warrior. by walnuts, or
ii' rendered unfit for service, Alt at his door; his little
c:lihiren hang round him, ask an history of every wound. and grow
thviiisclvex soldiers before they find strength for the field. But this
was nothing, did we not fed the alternate insuknec of either army,
as it happens tb advance or retreat, in ptirsuing the operations of the
cainpativi : It is impossible to express the confusions, even those,
who eat/ themselves our fri,•ails, create. Even those front whom
we expect redress, oppress us with new calamities. From your
,lustier, theretbre, it is that we hope relief; to you, even children and
may complain, whose humanity stoops to the meanest petition.
ni..l whose power is capable of redressing the greatest injustice. 1
em, Sire," &e..

The will of the late Col. John Dmly, of Cowes Castle, in the
I,le of Wight, lately prorixl in Doctors' Commons, gives the follow-
ng charitable legates
To the Secretary at %Val. and Paymaster-General 10,0601. 3 per
Vent. Reduced Bank Annuities, in trust, to apply the dividends for
the bendit of the widows of Officers in the anny who shall be
killed, or die ut the service, and whose income, exclusive of their
pensions. shall not amount to 301. per annum, viz. :—To the Widows
of five Captains. 'rsL per annum ; to the widows of five Lieutenants,
201. per annum ; and to the widows of live ens'gns, IS!. per annum
each, subject to his Majesty's approbation; to Cheisea,. Green-
wich. Bridewell. and Iledilem Hospitals, 1,rs:01. each. To the
Middlesex, British Lying-in. the Foundling, Clirrt's, the City
of London l.ying M. Guy's, the Sinail-pox, St. Luke's, the Alag-
dalen. St. Thomas s, St. Bartholomew 5 and London Hospitals:
the St. George's Asylum for Female Orphans, the Westminster
Intirmars, the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, the
philanthropic and Royal Humane Societies, the Westminster
General Dispensary, the Society for the Relief of the Widows
and Children ut Poor Clergymen. the Soei-ty for the Relief-of Per
sons iinwi,outal for Small Debt 4, the Lying-in Charity fur M.sr-
ried Wom..n, and the Charity School of St. Marylebone, 5001.
cech. To the Marine Society and the Institution for the Sunset the
Clergy,l,oool. each. To the Asylums for the Blind and far the Deaf
nd I hiinb, 2501. To the Hospital at Winchester, the Female
Cnerity School, I I:mm4o:id-road, and the Burlington School for
females. 2301 each. To the Caledonian Society,- as soon as it shall
estawisiied, soot. And the residue of the testator's property,
which is very considerable, is given c.mally between the Roval
Military lio.ipital et Chelsea, and the Royal Military Hospital at
Greenwich. A codicil to the will tlit,:ets that those 01114. Th. widows
who shall be hiltal ten service, and have most children. Are to I,e
preferred in the disposal nf the fin.t legacy. Th..: surviving execu-
tion are ikleitander F•aser, Esq. ; Geerge Ridge the elder, Esq. ;
and George Cooper Ridge the younger, Esq. ; and the personal pro-
perty within the province of Catitcrbury is sworn wider to,trnol.
Canwt it or Ti..% In FRAgez.-771,, st,,,,;trqr has the fol-
lowing r•—•• This precious shrub, thst introduced into Prince by a
Russian in Du t. promises to heetane naturalised amongst us.
There are already 31111 storks, whiei it iv easy to multiply. This
ha has received the approbation of the King's physicians, and the
grit %mutating of F:aner. pku.ts art to he told by stibaip.
%ions"

'rim NATIONAL REGISTER

MEETING AT THE CROWN AND ANCHOR
TAVERN.

On Tuesday •n extremely crowded meeting was litid for
the purpose of considering who is a lit person to he put .:1
nomination to supply the vae,u►sy which ;►as oreitrreJ in the
represeitatims of Westutirtiter.

Sir F.Arirtlett having taken the chair, immediately opened
the bireirsesa which conatitistrel the object of the meeting.
Thr public ad vertiatersent which had brought them together
41111 this occasion Inci, he °lnter ved, Cle3ltly ealil.sineii that it-
wee In consequence of the recent lose ts liseli they had sio-
taiseel, and the necessity of supplying it. He had been re•
'ested to take the (emir, and terse felt no small degree of
satisfaction in contemplating the no ous and respreLsble
andience %shirk hail met to assist in the consideration uf this
subject. 'Die occasion was undoubtedly most important, at
the same time that the circumstances ss Inch led to it. said
which coedit not he eacheled flour their minds. wwete awful
and distressing. • Iletoi.., however, lie proceeded to com-
mence the lii mess of the day, he thought it right to disclose
the contents of is letter which he had leerier-it fi um a 2e :ilk-
man who load considereble claims to ills it favour; and who
wont,' probably have been, in 'lie event of his coming
personally Corea. d, the object of their choice. The gentle_
man to WllOlll he n 114111141, was air. D. leinsiAiril, elm had
withdrawn himself entirely t'imis their coessideratien as a
candidate, by a statement spiels he (the Chairman) wits i.e.
quested to cousins iii ttttt to them; and in is hieb Alf. Kin-
naird regretted that stigagententy, %hick he-felt to be binding
on him, would prevent Ids •ttenslauce at this meeting. and
dpi is e him of the opportsmity of paying his tribute of In-
spect to the inentory of their late rem essentatis e, and of
mixing his own with the general grief. As, therefore, re.-
anuod Sir F. Burdett, this gentleman had placed himself out
of the question, it was incumbent on them to mender what
other person it might be most advisable for them to
nomi-
nate,-iu order to till up the vacancy left by the death of their
late lamented representative. .It would be imps raper for him,
in the situation which lie now held, to 'offer any opinions of
his own, with regard to the personal quAlifications or merit
of individuals. It was his duty to attend to all that might
be offered by others, and to collect impartially the sense of•
the room upon every proposition that ghould be submitted
wills reference to the object of their meeting. It was not to
be concealed that they were in a state of some danger ; and
of danger arising from a cirenmatance cornea hat singular.
the first diltieulty which they had to surmount was not a
w ant, but a variety of choice. Five or six names had already .
hi en mentioned to him, each of which he bad reason to be-
lieve belouged to a man of independent aril intexceptionAble
character. %Vida regard to their late representative, he
should be sorry to break in upon the bisainrsa of the day by
any attempt to excite or coinut tttt icate those feelings of sor-
row which were already universal, and could neither lie
heightened nor alleviated by his remarks. He had died full
of honours fur lanisell, leaving his countrymen filled with ad-
miration and regret, and a name behind hint which never
could be mentioned without a sigh. Iu diehurdening them-
selves, however, of their sense of this calamity, so far as to
undertake the discharge of the duty which had devolved on
them, it shoeld still induce theirs to regard, with a snore acre_
tiniziug eye, the claims of every one who might be proposed
to till 'lpso great a chasm. The public duty which had de.
volved upon them all was of a serious nature, sod their ho-
nest endeavours to discharge it would afford them the best
consolation sir the struggle which they must expect to eft_
'counter. Above all things, lie was.deairous of impressing on
their' minds what he had touched-upon at the outset of his
address—that their chillcully consisted not braise eaueity of
those who wend...perfectly qualified to renresent them, and
Might prbbabhy ire submitted to their chagee:: but is selecting
one irons many, all of whom were possessed of claims equally
satisfactory and iirdtopetable. In the conduct of this selec-
tion it was that, Halm they should act with unanimity, and
rally around one individual, they *mild Incur the hazard, it'
not the. certainty, of.' defeat bj •the influence of govern-
ment.. Such was hie respect fur the several. individuals
• se hose. estates bad been tramanitted to him, that he could sin-
cerely declare his Opinion to
..be, that it' those names were
put in a balloting box, the first that might be drawn would be
i very proper person to serve as their representative. 'Rail
as some choice must be exercised, their tint care should be
to preserve Unanimity amongst I liernselv es.W hen one name was
adopted, he hoped they would all steadily adhere to it ; and
that the trieuds of liberty would not again stiffer them-
selves to be divided. Let them not enter into invidious com-
parisons of personal merit, or dispute about one man's sup.
posed superiority over another, when all were equally good,
eligible, fit for their purpose, and attached to those principles
which it was the glory of Westminster to mainline. Their
grand and paramount interest on this occasion was to exhi-
bit to she world a spirit of unanimity, both with a view to the
presets/snot' of their own character, and in order to prevent
that dreadful evil to which disunion would iseceavarily lead—
the.debasemeneof their city, and the triumph of a venal and
corrupt adininiatratiou. Appealing, therefore, now to their
indelgetice, for having so long trespassed on their atten-
tion, hi utoved that they should proceed to the order of the
day.
Mr. Brace and Mr. Thelwall presented themselves at the
same time on the table, when the Chairman declared that the
former had first called his attention.
Mr. Bruce began by assuring thegentleman who had en-
deavoured to precede 11i111, that be should exercise his pa-
tience but for a very short time. His health was too weak to
sutler Inns to make any exertion, and he had just come trout
a bed of sickness. He was incapable of saying anj thing in
uddition to what had been already said, of the character of
that individual whose loss they all in consmon deplored, ex-
cept that he was in life adorned with every virtue ; and
that his death at this momentous period, was perhaps the
greatest public calamity that could have happened. his ob-
ject in now rising was I 4) state, that he knew no usan mole ca-
pable of supplying the loss, and of nsamtaining with energy
the same principles, than the gentleman when' be was about
to numinete. titter the first resolution therefore, which lie
held in li:shoed, and which expressed in general terms the
purpose for which they were then sissembleil, it was his inten-
tion to submit a second, proposing John Hohlionse, Esq. as
a fit and proper person to represent the City of Westminster
in Parliament.

Mr. The Wall begged it to be known that lie was not actu-
ated by any feeitlig of hostility to Sir Francis Burdett.
When, after A lima absence, au old acquaintance appears once
more among bis former frieuJs, lie may be excused tor ad-
verting to the circumstances sehieli have kept him so long
out of view. Twciit)-saile years bad now elapsed since he
Withdrew from public notice, after having fought his way
Ossotigh Wads of ruffians lobo wished to :murder him. lie

NOV (.2,1

then made a resolution not to interfere with political ',pinions
in pnblie, miless lie should find 111'11,101f independent fief,' ',"„
psofessional exertions, or some public! ernes Kelley should re.
quire that life itself was lint too dear to be laiil down in the
public service. The titst of these oilnliNgesseies bad been
prevented, lie believed, by the political feelings which lie
was known to chef-is!' in private ; and as to the stiemid part
of the dile it, he believed that there was at present on
emit: grimy -which affected every inslivieloal in the nation.
If we look abroad, what do we see but an illegitimate bond id*
legitimacy, which links allied Sox eerie',.: against the freed
of their people. But while we look abrnad, let us not 1011(iVI
to look at home. ‘l'llat do we see but an attempt to esta-
blish military poster ? I believe I must not call it military
despotism ; that •pet haps would be trestimmellili I do not wish
to commit that crime again. The situation of the
country at this moment is of extreme imps's-I:suer. II is it
I passe' why a man who has been *deist 101-.21 years Amnia
open his th. (Signs of impieties) se, and cries of " piles.
thin.") If he deviated from the question, the Chair wonld
cab 161111 to order. It was necessary to attend to the state of
parties, pas-Oculist ly in Westminster. They conk not have
forgotten the proceedings at the late elertimi. The division
of the friends of libel ty,on that 1/11.4,inn. bad trisimaivil hint
1110Ic than the loss of huts own liberty had done (cries of
" (,uestion.'') These divisions had theettietted even the re_
Ime of their old mud faithful representative, the honourable
awl the may independent member if, the House,
They obtained, indeed a great sic tot y ithitacitly, by rt-
nutting hies; but the ttfurt was too late, because it did nit
put him in his proper place at the head of the poll. Let
them new take ease that the organized and arid hatith
of eortalptiou did not rout the light infantry of ere' in, while
divided and seistterett. it appeared to liiin that the moat
certain mode lit securing emcees* wtinlil be, unanimity in
favour of el prison who would pledge himself ti; vote against
the Millis/cr. His ow wprilleililirW at, that ll'weianiiut have
a quartet-li, we should take a twopenny loaf rather than
stai-ve. NI/tiling is politically desirable but what is morally
possible. Therefore kt us take what we Cali gel, tVe are
the rallying point of reform, to which all the reformeis
through the kingdom look for art example. Who coo co-
operate with II!, All who hate military power; ieven the
Whigs themselves who are trite to their principles. If we
find a unto who will act up to his principles, whatever degree
of reform lie pledges himself fur, let tis support I • . But if
we have divisions, the Minister will triumph ; and, oh ! what
a triumph will that be l The biscuit baker of the Minister'
will reproach us for rewriting a tool of Government. He
wield conclude with one word of advice. if there is a mats
who will attach himself to a leader of whont he knew' no-
thine, but front whom he expects to receive. his hire, let him
excite divisions. If there is a man who kits the love of his
country in his heart, and who is anxious for reform, let him
endeavour to preserve unanimity.
Mr. Hoblionse presented himself to the meeting. The oc-
casion on which lie last appeared before them was very
diffetent from the present; and, as far as he was concernett,
it was not to embarieseing. Then, lie and they were on the
eve of a triumph ; now, they were following a fence al. Then
lie had to speak for them ; DOA, he hail to speak for himself--
that subject on which he was the least quidified to speak.—
He find that moment received a communication from a
great body of the Electors of Westminster, requesting
him to present himself' as a Candidate; and, but fur
that request, he should not have appeared before them.
—He was not an Elector, but be was an Englishman
—a name still glotiotu, notwithstanding the attempts of a
base administration, who 'had endeavoured to spread the
present disgrace of their country almost as wide as its former
glory. He was proud of the approbetion which he had re-
ceived for ins exertions at the late eleefion. It was not,
however, in the anticipation of this great reward, that he had
performed those trifling duties. His object was the appro-
bation of his -fellow-eitixesitt. Ever since his mind could ex-
pand itself in the warmth of any object, he had not looked for
any thing but honest fame. Some might think this an infirmity
but he thought it a glory to obtain honest fame from honest
men. He had nothing but Isis principles to recommend him,
He was not connected with any great family. A person,- he
believed a friend, had said to hint, " Who is liobhotese ?" He.
would answer that question negatively, and tell them who he
is net. He was not a person attached to any party. lie was
not a person brought before them by any stick, to give hint
a chance of Stehle returned. If another comes forward
better recommended, elect hint iii God's -name. He only
wished, if they thought him fit, to lie the person who should
make their struggle for independuee effectual. It was as a
reformer that he offered himself the question of reform lie
did not mean to mince ; he was for that reform which would
striltoat the root of the evil which threatened the destruction
of the country. It had been said, that it was improper to
demand a pledge. Did not every borough patron ask a
pledge, and should not the people ask a pledge ? They should
demand a pdedge; and though he might be silent, his silence
should be fatal to his cause. Any pledge.in the case of Sir
Francis Burdett was unnecessary, because he was well home's
to them. He had not the inordinate vanity to suppose, Ilia
when his name was chalked on the wall, every mien wool)
know his character. He proposed that every man should
ask him, " What is your opiniou ? what do you propose to do
for its?" For this purpose he should attend oil the linstiags if
they should no 11l i l sate him, having no right to act upon telex
adopted by characters too well known to require their per-
sonal presence on such occasious. He knew, .are felt, whom
he was ambitions to succeed. He hall beeu brought up to
regard those great names which hind bseti in their representa-
tion with the-utmost reverence. The relight:Nies, lessons of
their eloquence remained still impressed on his mind ; but rf
he should become their representative, lie should have for a
coadjutor a tried patriot, who would relies e and tint incline•
her his exertions ; a men, who by a struight foroard conduct,
deviating neither to the right hand nor to the left, lead es-
tablished a character never before known. He spoke from
his heart. Sir Francis Burdett realised the dreams of patriots
respecting the greatest characters in their visionary republics.
This was not flattery ; it were he would not hove spoke
it ; they weld not have heard it. The object of the ad-
ministration was to degrade than to a eimpse .port. lie
easy that Sir Murray Maxwell ventured again to produce
himself, or rather to produce his pretensions and net him-
-self: for he was not to come forward with the boldness of
a seaman. -Sailors were all bold, but this cauuidalr seemed
to surpass them all in audacity. His object was out it ss
than to subject Westminster to the discipline of the quiet ter
deck. Who was not surprised that oily seaman, for all of
them are bold, honest, mid free, should lend himself to be
the tool of the basest and most clue! administration; and
to aid them in assimilating our country to the bat rract -
bound countries of the Conliucnr. It .11Ipt .11 that bolt
his person and Ins pulse *tie He was .uiuy lot Lni

. 22

nialstly ; lie respected his person ; lie emidoled with him in
sickness. lit when he presented himself as a tool for Lord
C.ediereagli, you will have to prove whether the hustings be
the quarter-deck. lie could not appear there; hut it was
to be supposed that lie would send his first lieutetiaist. He
merely came forward on the presumption that in his person
they would make the, must sieecessfill Sit liggle for their little-
petelimer. If any other was more likely to effect that object,
he at once yielded. But the great object was to oppose
Ministers who were the friends of division, confusion, and
revolution. by breaking every tie that connected society,
by sending emissaries from the Home Department, to excite
suspicion, and Ireitehery. They (the lintiers) were the
friends of order. Order was most effectually promoted by
refui :.• if that **stoic which was tottering to its fall. If he
should be returned, he should be their own work ; by
them he was brought forward, by them supported. by
them returned ; to them he should look for help, ail.
monition, and orders. If a representative was 1101 sub-
ject to orders, he knew nut what a representative should
be. He should trouble them no longer; and, as at least
snore gratifying to his own feelings, he should beg leave to
retire from their deliberations.
Sir Francis Bnrdett now put the first resolution, which ex.
pressed th it the Man of their choice should support the claims
to short Patelisunents, and a full, tree, and equal representa-
tion. It was carried unanhnoudy.
Mr. Jenkins proposed W. Cobbett, Esq. as a fit person to
represent them in Perlietneut. (Great confusion arose in
conseqiienee.)
Mr. Hunt presented himself, and infinitely increased the
confusion.
The Chairman respiested that they would save thus, as
well as conduct the holiness of the day to a beneficial issue,
by listening with fsirness and impaitiality to every Gentleman
who addressed them ; there would otherwise be neither use-
fellness nor respectability in their public ineetin,gs. If any
thing objectionable should be uttered, any one had the right
to refute it.
Mr. Hunt was still received with every ungrateful! noise.
He said he should wait with patience till they should hear
him. He hoped it would never go fill di that such an as-
sembly had refined to hear an Englishman. Its a packed
room such a thing might happen ; surely not in a public large
assembly, such as he now addressed. He thought they ought
to have knowu his character too well to suppose that lie could
be put down in ten 333 i 3 Mit% It had been justly said, that their
weakness was in division. He agreed in that opinion, and
his object WAS to prevent division. His friends had intended
to propose him, but his answer was " No; if no other man
forward to resist Sir Murray Maxwell, I am at your
service ;bat if any other person on whom all agree stoup collie
forward, in God's name let me not interfere." He should
speak of Mr. Hoblionse with freedom, with liberty ; but he
trusted with moderation. Was lie ally relation of Sir Ben.
jamin Hobllonse ? (His son.) Was he the son of that Sir
Benjamin Hoblionse who, at a public r in that room,
had kissed the hand of Lord Holland front veneration to
Whig principles, and soon afterwards joined the present
wicked administration ? Was he the sun of Sir Benjamin
Hobbouse, who had been fur so many years ChM, man of Mr.
Pitt's committees? Was he the sou uf that Sir Benjamin
Hoblionse, who had been a traitor to Lite cause of liberty, and
gone over to the banners of slavery? Was lie the sun of that
Sir Beni • Hold se, who had 1,5001. or 2,0050. a year as
commissioner of the Nelms') of Arcot's .debts? He wished to
ask likewise, What Mr. Hublimise had beeu doing for the last
ten years, where he had wandered, and in what respect he
had been of service to the people of Westminster? lie was
not desirous of visiting the sins of the father on his children,
although this was one of tire principles of the religion which
he professed; but be thought it impossible that Mr. Hob_
house should unite their votes, or satisfy their expectations.
A gentleman lied proposed Mr. Cobbett, now an alien from
his native land, through the oppressive measures of the Go-
vernment ; and a man of greater abilities or political honesty
they could not elect. Mr. Cobbett was, if they Should think
proper to support him, willing to ruilertake the task of re-
presenting their rights and interests in Parliament ; and for
the purpose of bringing that question to issue,he would second
the nomination. He would take this opportunity also of re.
leering to a letter, read by Mr. Cleary on the hustings at the
last election, and which purported to be a letter front Mr.
Cobbett, in the year MOS, in which, speaking of hint (Mr,
Hunt), he was described as a sail fellow, who retie about
the conutsy with another man's wife, 'ravine deserted his
own.

The noise and interruption were at this moment so •x-
-cessive as effectually •to stop the progress of the speaker's
explanation.
Sir F. Burdett stepped forward, and entreated a patient
bearing: Hr begged theist to recollect that he could nut fulfil
the duties of the situation in which they had placed him sinless
they supported him in it.
Mr. Hunt then resinned. It was not surprising, if, after
the villainous attacks which lie had borne. if not with meek •
ness, at least with patience, he was now desirous of vindivat-
tog liiniseltfroin the foitlest and falsest calimmy of thrill all.
Mr. Cubbett had declared publicly, and although his Register
had been suppressed in this vomit' y, the de elaration bed tumid
its way here, through the itself of a Lit ei pool newspaper,
that he had never written the letter in question, and that it
was an entire forgery.
Mc. Cleary now addressed himself to the meeting, hut being
too lbdisposed to make himself and.uie, he tit4tr.l that lie had
the letter in his possession. and %lonia prodder it bet ui e them in
half an bout, if the meeting shouldcontinue bo lung, and he
iminediatelyltli the room for that 'impose.
Mr. Wishatt then rose, and after some observations on the
•irtaes and public spirit evinced 041 s• many critical occasions
by the house of Bedford, proposed as 14 candidate for their sof_
frages, the second soil of the pi esent Dnke, Lot d John Russell.
The Electors of Westminster could not foi get the intei CAL
taken in the maintenance of their rights by the late Francis
Poke of Bedford, his personal exertions,or his willing attend.
since at their meetings both there and in Palactsyard. The
present Duke of Betlfoid bad always supported the same
principles, had always leut his aid to the eleetion of their fa-
vourite representatives, and had, by Isis cuntsibution to Mr.
Hone, and his uniform hostility to a Will Olivet moiesit, been
recently deprived of the honour of the Lord Lieutenancy ot
iris native comity. With r. spec, to Lord John himself, it was
kiiou n th a 1/t, had made aspeeehi ill on the
Habeas Corpus sinspension Act, equally creditable In
head arid lila heart. It was proper for him, how ever, to state,
Lust it their choice should appear to 10,110 e in ptetet elite to
any otl. r individual, Lord Johu was determined not to im-
pede or interleo e with the exercise of it.
Mr. Thelwall explained respecting a remark of his whirl'
Mr. Hunt had misrepresented. He took this opportunity of
Sa) rug, that the political opinions of Mr. . 1101,1110113e3

THE NATIONAL RECISTrIt.

tors could be no wise prejudicial to him (Mr. Hoblionse,l
since it Will well known that he had been proscribed by hi,
family on account of his independent sentiments.
51r. Sturch rose, principally to put a question of order.—
Were they not now debating %shriller Dlr. Hoblionse was a tit
person to be returned to Parliament% He understood that
the object of Mr. Wishart's address was to propose another
person. If lie was right as to the question, that proposal
was not regular. If a particular person was first put forward,
and the ground thus pat•occupied, no one had power to pro•
pose another.

Sir F. Burdett explained. The first question wet that
alluded to by Mr. Siurch, namely, whether :Mr. Holdietuse was
a tit person to be returned ; the second sea, the eaienslinent
proposing Mr. Cobbett ; and the third was another amend-
ment, proposing Lord John Russel. He thought it the tel
way to allow every person to propose any candidate lie
thought proper, and then to put the question se. intro.
Mr. Stanch ac.plieseed in the emenilment, although he was
not aware till now that Mr. WISII:aI'A motion was an ainend•
meat. He insist take up their time for a moment, while lie
slated that he had had no concern in calling this meeting. He
was desirous that this should be knoall, Incatise, during the
last few days, lie hail received a peat number of lettersoul-
vising hint how to art on this occasion. He had been stopped
by people in the street, who wished to know from him who
was to be elected. it would appear limn this, that some
thought him a more important mac than lie really was. Fur
many years hack. indeed, lie had exerted himself lisr the
independence of Westminster, particularly in behalf of their
honourable and worthy Chairman. But the whole al the pro.
ceedings on the present occasion were unknown to him. He
had no band in calling this meeting, and consequently was
not entitled to any merit for the good which might result
front it. lie needed nut attempt to prove, that the conduct
of the electors of Westminster had excited great interest
through all the nation. They had looked to its tin- an exam-
ple in choosing honourable and independent members. When
Sir I Burdett was proposed, we had only to mention his
name, and the electors flocked together to give him their
suffrages. When we elected Sir S Romilly, we were aware
that we had chosen a man of high independent character, and
of eminent talents. (Question.) He wished those who called
for the question would ask themselves whether, if they bronght
forward Mr. Hoblinuse, they would fulfil the wishes of the
electors of Westminster, cud of the nation at large. He main-
tained that they would not. He did not mean any thing against
the talents or principles of Mr. Hoblionse, because he was
ignorant of both. Till Mr. Kienaird came forward Mr. Hob-
house wes unknown. He exerted himself also for Sir Francis
Burdett ; but he opposed Sir Samuel Hominy. He would
not go the length of Mr. Hunt. in saying that the sills of the
father should he visited on the son ; bolt he must say that he
had seen Mr. Hothouse's
d se's father standing on a table and nick-
ing such a speech as Mr. Haat hut ascrilsed to hint. He
would maintain that the feelings of his being an untried man,
would operate on the electors out of doors; and that, if Go.
vernment !nought forward any Tory, whether Sir Marley
Maxwell, or any other person, and Mr. Hobbouse were the
only candidate opposed to him, Goveinment would triumph.
Ile should conclude with one word of advice. He was aware '
that delays were dangerous ; but precipitatiou was still more
dangerous. He therefore rerottiMended that they should not
conic to any decision at present, but allow the electors at least
a fortnight longer to look out tore proper person.
Mr. Pitt hutted that they all felt it full time that the electors
of Westminster should act at a body, and not be led away by
any set of men. He was as much against division as any one
could be.; and therefore he proposed, if they wished to keep
out the Court candidate, that every elector, as lie quitted the
room, should put low n his name, in order to form a broad and
expanded to 000000 aura for the purpose of preventing disunion.—
Because Mr. lioblionse comes here and nukes a great display
of talent, we are not to decide that he is the only proper per.
son. He slid not scruple to say, that the getting up of Mr.
Hublionse was a rank job.
Sir 'Francis Burdett again addressed the meeting. They
had heard a great variety of remarks from the several speak-
ers. His friend Mr. Slime,' had advised them to pause and
not to crime to any derision at present. Had he known,
before he left the country, that lie should navel to London
for the purpose of deciding that nothing should be dune, he
should certainly have tl nht that he wits going on what was
coninewdy called "a f ol's errand." What reason had they
to delay i What question was there on which they were not
then qualified to decide? Action should follow decision
promptly. The object they had to consider was not merely the
election of a Candidate fur Westiniuster • not the object was
the support of those principles for whichl he and they, for a
period of 25 years, had heen contending. Mr. March had
been seconded in his advice of delay by Mr. Pitt, who lied
recommended the appoint meld of *committee on an extended
principle. This plan, which is saiil to hese the support of
union fur its object, is the very plats which the enemies of
unimi %%mild adopt. One principle which had liven adverted
to in the discussions of this day, reminded him of the fable,
in which a hungry wolf, to alevstir a lamb, and having
no pretext for quail-ening with the innoceut creature Baud,
vet y conveniently remembered the pal rut of the limits hail
mice °deeded hint. He could conceive no greater pledge for
political integrity, that, 111111 a man of Mr: Hohlunises warm
heart—(chair, their, irons 3fr. Mint ) He was tanund to state
such remaiks as it sense of ditty dictated. With regard to
Mr. Hoblionse, he repeated, that no greater pledge of princi-
ple could he given, than that a man of tender feelings and
warns heart should renounce the emmexion and brave the
displeassie es of his family. 'id start .distaclev, and to do no.
thing to obviate them, was 1131 10 do service to the cause.—
His youth, which hat been objected to, would impi use.—
There was no risk of ,Ik.ppoini....t it, that. But there was
no risk of his disappointing them 114 to the principles lie hail
avowed there that day, and on a former oreasiun. It had
neen asked what he 113,1 been doing for the last In years. He
ass, its every piling MOD ollght to he, laudably employed to
i ',prove his own mind. Fatoll 11141 pursuit he had been called
to utter himself for a situation which lie could out leave ex
purled, lor 11 was only by a most i nfortiniate calamity that it
wes put within his sees+. In cultivating his mind he had not
runts:ll-d a MOIIBOII. It had produced fruits 10 lie jlichgeil
of by Eau is Pe. He is as not therefore tinkitown ; and if lie
were, in these days of tem gives sation, treachery, and intrigue,
it eas no small prise not to be known for combinations
against the people. A gent leman had re marked, that we bail
Ito other motive ftir returning him but the eloquent speech he
wide. 'Thal wets 134)% a bait motive. The MAD Who is 3. Si, he '
their voice in anistlia place should be qualified to speak elopiently.
Let none dispute that these were proofs of his talents. Both ois pen
and iris tongue had proved his talents, and lie would Baru always to
maintain true principles which he had avowed. The pretensions of
NIL I toOloua: were not small; on pretensions aloae lw wa.. equal to
any that could be named. Ile knew but one individual ..mterin: in
prcteaaiums to Mt. liu.i.ionses and that was 31s
.tor Cartwriint. It

371

! WAY 110 t an invidious comparison that influenced him, but lie felt ter
various reasons that it was inipo.sible to carry Major Car twright. his
admiration for him, for his excel. tit character, and for his unswerorg
exertions tin the liberty of England and of Europe, was s.tt.„ 414
unalterable. There wan also '.l r. Fawkes, of Yorkshire; and t.:.% re
was Sir Charles Wolsey, a Baronet, whom he rejoiced to see -
ing the people's part, for there were not many of them (of the lia-
mnetagm who took this turn. Of' Lord John Ittoesell they knew
so much as of Mr. llobliouse ; but that Engliehman's heart must be
cold when the name of Rus,ell. Sydney. trod of Hampden ceas.d to
operate as a charm. It had been te•ked if any lied heard Lord Jtcal
Russell's speech on the stispeosion. Ile had head it, and paid to it
at the time his tribute of tinplatts,, and th:inks. Fie hail only 0.4
observation to make respecting Lord John Russell—he was alnauly
in the Howe of Commons. i however highly he estimated the eiia-
raeter of Franei: Duke of Bedford, and however willingly he paid
hoinavre to the present Duke, he thought it better to send another to
the leouve to fight by the side of Lord John Russell. The number
of tit persons he teal mentioned showed that they had oily to is:le et
one from among many. listing done so, he hoped they w0..1
unanimously follow out the measure. The committee had been •
etised of dictating. %Virtu was every lady's busine.is was nobody....
Toe committee had no power or reward, they hadnothing but ine
labouring oar. They could do nothing without their approbatien ;
and but for them there would be no meeting to-day. Tiny suffered
in their purses as well as tilde persons. This lie knew ; for he Da ..%r
their account,. Who then were the usurpimr junta ? What power
had they got ? They had been blamed at thelast el: etion for doi.ig
nothing. Those charges were ludicrous amid absurd. They were to
paie,ti in cooling to a decision, because he suppo.ed they were tea
few ! although the largest room in the kingdom wa... crammed cvt .1
in the pa.;sagts. In God's name let them be decisive. lie should
say little of Mr. Cobbett, because as be dad written against him he
might be supposed to have angry feelings respecting Mtn. lie he I
none. Ile had alw lye read his writings with much gratid-at.0.1,
and he regretted much that the country was deprived of his Warm :
support of public principles by, he would say, the oppression
infamy of the Government, which forced him into another country—
Mr. Hobhouse would willingly have surrendered his ambition to
Mr. Kinnaird, if he had stood thrward, and would have been most
active to promote his success. Mr. lloWartise was now proposed tor
their choice. If he forsook the principles he professed, titanic at-
tached to him ; brit they hail acted consistently in supporting a man
who avowed the principles which they all adopted, and which they
were anxious to render every where triumphant. They were old
enough to judge for themselves; and he hoped they would not se-
parate till they adopted decisive measures.
Mr. Cobbett's letter, which Mr. Hunt had stated to be a forgery.
was now produced.
Sir Francis Burdett said, he believed it to be Mr. Cobbett's hand-
writing.
Mr. Hunt pronounced it a forgery.
Sir F. Burdett said, that Mr. Cleary, whose eye had been de-
ceived by it, as his would have been, and Mr. !Lunt, had nothing
further to do with the question, which rested entirely between Mr.
Cobbett and Mr. White, formerly the printer of his Register.
Mr. Cobbett being put as the amendment of the nomination, &Wet
six hands were sects in different parts of the room. Mr. liobhowe
had a large if nut universal show of bands. Lord John Russell had
very few.
Sir F. Burdett hoped that every one would be satisfied with the
impartiality of his conduct, although his private feelings were par-
ticularly engaged. As to Lord John Russell, he was satisfied that
many of his friends had declined to show their hands fur hint, know-
ing that be would not come forward to divide them. That was the lea-
ban that so few handa had bow shown for him. Luis.:, lie was bitral
he felt no hesitation its saying that Mr. llobhouse was clicuen by an
immense majority.
Mr. Hunt.--I declare that Mr. Hobhouse had an imnienac ma-
jority, If he could finally gain his election he had not the least
objettien, and lie should not stand in his way. Ile reqiieded his
friends. if there were any.to do every thing in their rime,. to support
Mr. Hobhouse;

The 3d resolution respee6Og the appointment of a committee was
then put and carried unanimously.
The -meeting, which was oxeossively crowded during the whole'
time, broke up a quarter before tire.

From the LONDON GAZETTE, Tuesday, Nov. 17 •

BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
GRIELNWOOLP J. Long Wittenhani, Berksitire, flamer.

BANKRUPTS.

Tov w. Exmouth Street, Spa-fields. builder, Nov. 21, Dee. 1,
29. at Guildhall. AU. Mr. Hose, East Street, lied Lion Square.
ROBERTS .1. W. College liill, clime-factor, Nov. 21, Dec. 1,2, 29,
at Guildhall. Atts. Pitches and Co. Swithin's Lane.
Waal, I). Sutton-Scotney. South/martini, innkeeper, Ike. 1,2, 29,
at Reuling. Att. Mr. Hamilton, Berwick Street, Soho.
LANGFORD J. Ludgate Hill, chytnist, Nov. 21, Dec. 3, 29, at
Atts. Walton and Co. Ginller's Hall, liasinghall
Street.
LAN(:3IAN .1. l'otnes, Devonshire. miller, Dec. 1. 2. 29, at Exeter.
Au. Mr. Elliott. Fenchurch Street.
Wit.I.IANI,; W. A mem•eoracr, bookseller, Nov. 21, Dec. 3, 29, at
Guildhall. Atts. Taylor and Co. New Basinghall Street.
llomitLE S. Liverpool, hop-factor, Nov. 214, Dec. 3. 2,J, ..t Guild-
hall. Atts. Keaisey and Co. Rishopsgate Street-within.
Al.l.liN S. S. :10'.1111tUM21, Suffolk, corn-merchant, N0v.29. Dec. 1,
:.19, at Great larntouth„ Atta. Swain cal Cu. Frederick's Place.
Old Jewry.
flamer.; W. East Retford. Nottinghamshire, cornfactor, Nov. 23.
29. at Ea:t Retford. Atta. Stockwell and Co. New Ros-
well Court. Carey Street.
Movr .1. Hadleigh, Suffolk, miller, Dec. 1,2, 29, at Ipswich. Atts.
Bridges and Cal. 11,111.ioti Square.
‘Vva•rr .1. Hinckley. Leicestershire, baker. Xcv. 30. Dee. I, e 99
at I linckley. Ate. Mr. Reckett, Noble Street. b aleon Square.
GLArattEK,l. Hammersinitii, smith, N0v.21, Dec. I, 2?, at Guild-
hall. Att. Mr. Comerfrd, Copthall Court.
Chatham, tailor, Nov. 28. Dec. .s, .'9, at Guildhall. Att.

Mr. Nebo!). (laniard. s inn.
OirnEm M. um. Broad `(r-et, Ratcliffe, oilman, Nov. 2i, Dec. I.
29, at Guildhall. Att.. Collins and Co. Spina Square.
rA(3 Y. I. MANN J. Cornnill, broker, Nov. 2i, Dec. 1, 29. at Guildhall.
Atts. Smith and Co. Lentos street, Gooihnitil'a
111VIDF:NDS.
C. Cher. Commer:ial.rotul. victualler. 1/cc. 12. . .
G. Southey, t:anterbury. grocer, 11t.e. 12.
T. It.rse, brywyr, Dee. 12.
T. ,I). Latham and J. Parry, Devonshire Square. merchants.
Dee. 12.
1.. and .1. Phillip., Iligh linlborn, glas. merchants, Dec. 19.
Bendy. Iloxton, factor. Dee. ID.
30.1 T. Kohno.on, Lawrence Lane. warelio(uwinen, Dee. 8.
N. now.l Jute, merchants, Dee. 12.
.2. and .1. 3111.8:n. Shrewsbury, drarsets. (Le. m.
J. and w. 31aemieliayl. and T. Litton, Bridgenortli, baukcn.
Dv:. It'.
f. Fili;,,ten, Warrington, hatter, Dec. I.
.1. Warner. an:l.l. Lord. 1.),•11),,, ironmongers, Dee. In. •
1. Stone, South Town, ~uiptutilder, Dm. 10.
J. Druiv, Liverpool, joiner. 9.
CERTIVI C TES—DEc. S.

T. Woloo, Southampton, lineaturaper—S. World, Pitchcoinhc,
GhwesterAtire. clotokt 13,111'14n, Thorni„uu, Nurthik.
Siaitit, stoat:, Staltoni.hitc, gract—S. T‘ylor, Li%u-
posl, city mkt.
