14

(Imperial Parliament romtitmed from page 159).
fo mer occasion ; but he was interrupted by the Speaker.
Petition ait hdraw r. P. Mom e, however, stating that
atter consulting the party, he should !sting the tiubject for-
ward in some othrr shape.
Mr. S. COOPER asked %then.
Mr, MOORE replied, lie could not name the day until he
had seen the party.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition on the subject of
the West India and Kvit India sugar duties from the cham-
ber of cointuc.ce, Nl:Lucke:ter.
Mr. lIENNIiTT wished to know when these proceediugs
were to end. T;iey had received the appeals of the old ship
timber *ride's; awl now they were to be called uu by the
West India suAar growers, and the dealers in human flesh.—
He cared not who lie wounded ; lie stood tip for the people
of LuAland against self-interest. They acre entitled to
have the al fide at the cheapest rate.
Mr. GORDON said these remarks were quite uncalled
for. The hon. member spoke in support of his plan for
establishing a new Utopia ; but certainly the charge of
dealers iu human flesh was little applicable now to the West
India proprietors.
The CIIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER made some
few observations—but they were not hearth in the gallery.
Mr. BIRO ANI maintained that the West India proprie-
tors were entitled to protections that would enable them
In live so long as colonial trade was hampered with restric-
tions; and thought that on reflection an lion. member
would be sorry for his charge respecting dealers in human
flesh.

Air. BENNETT explained. He wanted to make no in-
dividual chat.; .—but the system he must condemn as one of
iahutnauity.
Sir It. WILSON also condemned the system, observing
that while it was encouraged in our West India Islatida it
was made matter of reproach against the States of America.
Dr. LUSIIINGION there had been a very %aline-

cessary outcry ngaiest his Lan friend (Mr. Bennett.) The
remarks, however, were correct in principle. The system
of slavery was detestable. It was calculated to produce
every species of hardship and injustice; and he heard that
the boasted gangs of slaves looked more like gangs of ghosts.
He would never lose the opportunity of raisiug his voice
against such system.—Petition read and ordered to be
printed.
The tecond reading of the forgery punishment and other
criminal laws' bills, brought in by Sir J. Mackintosh, mere
postponed till the Ifols, Mr. Buxton expressing the hupe
that on such day the discussion would be allowed to have
priority.
Dr I.USHINGTON moved for returns of ROM paid to
Spain and Portugal on act:omit of giving np the slave trade,
Ac.—Ordered.
SUIPPLY.—STATE OF EVROk.—The Marquis of LON-
DONDERRY moved, that the house resolve itself into a
committee of supply, when
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON rose. He deemed it his
duty to call the attention of the house to the state of Eu-
rope, which threatened the tranquillity and liberties of
England. He lamented that the subject had not fallen
into abler hands—but as lie considered it of great im-
portance, lie could not abstain from endeavonring to per-
form what lie thought to be his dotty. There had been
discussions, particularly in another place, as to the de-
clarations of the allies, and the proceedings against Na-
ples—but it was evident in which way the ministers'
wishes were directed. It was true that they had heard
the explanations, but nevertheless they had not had any
distinct declarations, calculated to ensure to the country
that England would be permitted to remain at peace.—
They were told that the march of Austria was one of de.
fence, nut with the view of aggrandizement; lint they
beheld the powers of Austria—before which the Neapoli-
tans had retreated in a most extraordinary manner—
overrimning Italy in all direction; and Russia was coining
forth In most formidable array. Thus in Greece there
was a general rising—Naples was subjected to the bloody
code of Austria—Spain had been necessitated to proclaim
martial law—and what was the state, what were the dan-
gers of England ? Seeing what course Russia was pur-
suing, could the noble lord give them assurance for the
continued repose of England t Russia had been pointed
oust by Lord Liverpool, in 1791, as the most ambitions
power of Europe; why, therefore, were they not to dread
the marchings of Russia? Naples might not be at the feet
of Austria—Russia might have thought of defence-6u:
what had her untold thousands to do in the South of Eu-
rope t The Kura was, the tyrants of the Continent—lie
could not call them by any other name—dreaded the
establishment of liberty wit it was endeavoured to
raise the standard of freedom; in Naples they opposed
the Carbonari, in Spain they would oppose the people.
And yet the ministers of England remained inactive, stif-
feting those powers to he the dictators of the destinies of
Europe. it was not the policy of England to suffer this.
He hoped that the noble lord, before the end of the ses-
sion, would propose a vole of credit, that the goverment
might be prepared for emergencies. He did not want to
urge the country into a war—hut he desired to preserve
its liberties at all hazards. He thought the noble lord
would not do his duty if a treaty offensive and defensive
were nut entered into vs i7ll Spain and France, to act in
the event of the Russians approaching either teriitury ;
and to declare war against France in the event of that
power granting leave to Russia to pass though the French
territories. He would also have a fleet prepared to
blockade the Russian ports, and thus to drive back the
Russian hordes in the event of their adopting any hostile
steps. This country might to take a co' 44444 ;Hiding attitude.
He was afraid that Russia and Austria were only entitle.
log. on to eislaiged scale, the principles of the noble laud
at Vienna, at Paris, and Aix-la•Cliapelle. He was afraid
they would retort upon the noble bold his own principles,
and that they would remind his lordship of the pruceeibug.
at Hauover, in Poland, and elsewbete. He repeated
what lie had often said, that the noble lot d at congresses
had lost the noblest opportunity ever possessed by nego•
eiators to secure the liberties of Europe. He was afraid
that they would tell the noble lord that he had no right to
complain; that 111! had 11C1C11 on principles of petty spit-
liatiosts. 'I tie only difference ur.w was, that a system of
grand spa:Wiwi was to be citified on. All that had passed
since lell4 obis in opposition to liberty. Principles and
practices had characterised the conduct of the powers,
supported by the noble lord, w hick did not become honest
men. The noble lord ongkt to speak tint—there onglit to
be sin secrets—fur if these powers wet e to be suffered,
under the pretext of putting down Carbonari, to dictate
to Europe, England might have to beg for existence, like
some of the powers on the Continent. He had come for
ward fiat's the shicet est motives—he considered the pre.
