SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, ISO g.

POLITICAL DISQUISITION:

NUMBER FORTY-NLVE.
[MMUS ON TEM EDINBURGH REVIEW.

-..:~~

We promised in our last number some observations on
this periodical publication, on that part particularly where
the chances of tilt! Spanish conflict are discussed. In ac-
knowledging the merit of the Writers, we feel the most sen-
sible regret, at thdir employing the ascendancy of their
talents to discourage the hopes and exertions of British
freemen, ht support of a cause, on the success or miscar-
riage of which the freedom or slavery of Europe; perhaps
of this country; unquestionably depends. What renders
their conduct more unaccountable and contradictory, they
allect; and manifest a kind of peevish asperity in coon-
tileuce of their sincerity having been called in question, to
interest themselves warmly for the success of the Spani-
ards ; and every line in their elaborate article betrays de-
spondency, and an ill-disguised triunipli at the probable
accomplishment of their portended-disasters. This glaring
inconsistency has struck us most forcibly in the perusal of
their remarks; for we cannot possibly reconcile the idea of
ardent real lot a cause, with eileapondoht auticipation of
its constinences; rata+ less with endeavours to distonnte-
;lance its support. In discussions on mere speculative
points, or On subjetts of trilling importance; the fretful
arrogance df imagined superiority, or the petulant irrita-
bility of patty-feeling; may render a writer more attentive
to the success of his argument than to the promotion of
truth and justice; but when the subject is so comprehen-
sive and useful as to command the affections of the heart,
our understanding rises superior to ostentation, and spurns
at the evasions a sophistry; or the pretensions of selfish-
no:s. The writers of the Edinburgh Mara. aeknowled 6
theinif.hips the cause of the Spanilah to bo indissolubly
connected with the happiness and liberty of the universe
how shall we account then fdr their hike-warmness in its
support, or explain their of to counteract its success ?
They may make whatever professions of attachment they
please ; their professions are but a poor compensation for
the manifest injury they do it, by impressing; on the mindi
tits their readers the probability of its miscarriage, and eon-
Slue:illy doing every thing to relax their exertions in its
behalf. Ilad they; from ignorance of the consequenceS,
or froM levity, committed themselves in so glaring
A manner; their conduct, though not less deplorable;
;night admit of extenuation: but a justification on these
};rounds they are as unwilling to offer, as the public
to admit ; but, for the honour of human nature, we will
not attribute to them the extreme perversity, however
trongly the tendency and the spirit of their writings may
Justify suspicion, of being biassed by prepossessions equally
unfavourable to Spanish, as to British, independence.—
Let the injury
tau inflict proceed from arrogant vanity,
'Jr from tzsteinatic malice, the encts' are the same ; and
*hetfierths.-1. Promote the 4ubjogritioa of the Spanish peo.
,

>

. •

Amow!C=

pie, tro►n the silly, desire of irritating the feelings
(in their vci.:abulaiy preju►lices) of their countrymen; or
from sentiments favourable .to tl►e invaders, their Motivei
arc equally criminal and worthy of abhorrence.

In tile first burst of a greats worthy, and, at the sante
Lime, unexpected occurreace, the writer, who, in the cdn-
temptation of its consequences, cannot forget his little pas-
sions and animosities, who adverts to it only for the pur:.
pose of gratifying his selfishness, is cursed with inure than
cyniCal inditlerence ; anti whilst he bewfltlers hall-thinkeig
by the boldness of his paradoxes, lie fundamentally sub-
verts the vacillating morality of those Nfi-diaiunt philo-
sophers, whose notions of society and government are as
incoherent and impracticable, as their ethics are unso-
cial.andtmintelligible: (in toe minds and feelings of those
weak individuals, the virus of their opinions operates with
itlarMing effect, and they prortgate a moral and politi-
cal tontagiim which no subsequent cfturts can totally cm-

(Beate.
These are the reflections we mode on reading .the former
number of the Edinburgh Review ; and we waited with ud
inconsiderable share of anxiety and impatience; to sec if
they would; in their next, by a Solemn recantation of
their error, and by a voluntary acknowledgment of the
profligate tranhiacy of their doctrines; endeavour to efface
the painful impression of their revolting and brutal indif-
ference to the heroic exertitma of a cotninunity; attuggling
at the risk of life, fortune, and every thing dear to men;
for that very freedom those Writers aact so much to vent=
rate: But how great-was the astonish inbot and indignation
of the public at seeing, instead, of this recantatiOn sac:,
Bested by candour, as well as commiseration, for the unpre-
yoked sufferings of an innocent and brave nation, these
Reviewers employ the baseSt insinuations, rendered doubly
offensive by a miztore of taunt, Kire,asit, and the vilest
&cute, -in noticing the exposition of Don Pedro Cevallos.
If we did nit feel it. a duty incumbent on us to point out
their indiscretion an we!l as criminality, we should feel de-
cidcd objections to give, throngh the clihnuel of our Paper,
a furtber circulation to their cruel and atrocious aspersions.
We select the following pararrephs; among =navy, of a
charm
raster eq. ttahv offensive. " With regard to himself, it is
einnigh to say, that, after all his prctekdi?d protestatiOn.4,
" against the unprincipled vii)lence and insulting tisurpa--
" tion the Ft enVh ((Art, he N'; a 4 as!ted to accept the
" place Of fiat minister to I:ing Joseph Napoleon—and
" that he accepted of that oiler. It is u‘cicsi, after thid,
" to attesd to his humiliating equivocations, or to enter
" into any disenssion df his prior apoStacy from the cause
" of Charles; to that of Ferdinand: There is no honest
" man tb whom his own statement of the two leading
" facts we have new mentioned will hot be rtuite satisfac4
tort', aiOd Ferfettly CORCIUgi‘e indeed, as to persona
" character of Don Pedro Cevallos." -There
" is something not ohly incredible, but ludicrous,
' " story. which fun Pedro teils, of the f;Ce.and alfectionati
" resignation of this unfortttnate t(pittech; whom lie t'e.
• " presto* iiikt tOltimehtdi stdtitas•

_.


~

-

•
V
