SUNDAY, JULY 9, 1815.

Nn. 3P3.

POLITICAL DISQUISITION.

FRENCH AND ENGLISH ACCOUNTS OF THE SIEGE
AND CAPITULATION OF PARIS—FLIGHT OF BUO-
NAPARTE.
The pride of France is once more humbled, and what must
render the blow more severe, it is hundrled by a rival she
had so ()Pen threatened with invasion and slavery ! Those
Dritish warriors, who were represented as unable to defend
their country, have planted her colours on the domes and
palaces of vainly fortified Paris, and by the example of their
heroism and discipline, now teach even French vanity to
recant i's boasts and to bend before superior prowess.
Moniteurs to the sth jog. received yesterday morning,
have brought us the details of the first operations of the
Allies before Paris. On the 30th ult, a messenger and
bulletin were sent to the Chambers; the former announced
that the Allies were in sight of the capital, that all the corps
of the army of the North bad been ordered to unite in line'
which had been effected, that the army had been re-organised,
and occupied well its positions.
The Bulletin announces, that at three in the morninyor
the 30th the village of Vertus near St. Denis, had been at-
tacked ; that the right of the Allies bad been opposed by
several corps at Mont 'Valerie') ; that at noon a Prussian
Colonel had arrived in Paris, and, it was supposed tosummon
the city to surrender. An answer in the negative was re-
turned, and those subsequent engagements took place which
terminated in the Convention concluded on of the 3d.
In the Chamber of Peers a faint gleam of information was
thrown on the present situation of Buonaparte. The Mi-
nister of War, correcting an error that had taken place in
the report of what he had stated the day before to the
Chambers, declared that he had not said that Buonaparte
would not embark, but that though he would embark, he
would not set sail until his passports were sent him. It apt
pears, therefore, that he has got to some French port. If
tins %%as the case at that time, there is no doubt of his having
set sail the first'opportunity that promised to favour his
flight. His waiting for passports must be an assertion made
for the:ourpose of preventing us from following him in his
flight, by leading us to believe that he bad not yet quitted
France. For having once been allowed to embark, what
pa,sports did he want to go to America ? Ile could not ask
ant' from u:.; and the jurisdiction of France did not extend
beyond her territorial limits. The suspicious A merican
vessel which was seen to leave Havre eight or ten days ago,
and after having been pursued by our cruisers, when Rik4ike
vid ril, No. CC:CA-alt.

...

►~X

PRICE 9d.

leve of being filed at, was saved by the sudden rising of a
f )0, contains, we fear, the great Disturber of Europe, who,
I 'ejected from the bosom of a world, is now on his way to
convulse the peace of another.
1 But let us retut nto a more grateful subject, the series of
successful operations which were crowned by the Suriendec
of Paris.
The enemy, on the near approach of the Allied Armies to
! the capital, made an attempt to cut through part of Marshal
Blucher's army, which by the last dispatch, occupied a line
:1 from Senlis, through Villers Coterets to La Ferte Milon, oft
iI the direct and nearest road from Soissons to Paris, In this
attempt they failed with loss, and immediately moved off to
the Pi ussian left wing at La Ferte 'slilon, which they at-
tempted to turn, and get to Paris by the Meaux road. They
were attacked there by Bulow, who took from them 500 •
prisoners, and drove them across the Marne.—Mean while
the advanced guilt d of the British army crossed the Oise on
the 29th, and the main body on the 30th, and on the lst
of July took up a position with its right on the heights cf
Rochebourg, and its lift on the Forest of Bondy. Marshal
Blucher, pursuing the direct road from Senlis to Pat is, took.
the small village of Aubervilliers on the 30th, and then moved
to his right, crossing the Seine at St. Germain's, in order to
make way for the advance of the British arnsv, which occu-
pied a line in his rear from Bondy to Rochebourg. As the
Allies approached Paris, Davoust sent to the Duke of Wel-
lington and to Blucher, a letter each, demaodi g a ces•ation
of hostilities, :in account of the abdication of B. impart e,
and of an armistice having been concluded with the Austti:n
Generals Bubna and Frimont. No answer w.is roomed to
this letter, and the operations were continro d with undimi-
nished activity. The direct road to Par is, from Senlis.and St.
Denis, would have led the Allies to Montmartre and Belleville.
But the attack upon Paris on that side waS judiciously avoidr d.
St. Denis had been strongly fortified, and the waters r,f the
little rivers Bouillon and La Ville Mar, which flow to the
north of Saint Denis, had enabled the enemy to inundate
the ground on that side. Montmartre and Belleville present
commanding heights, which had been strongly fortified.
Paris was not accessible to attack without gear loss to the
assailants on the right bank of the Seine. The left bank
was more vulnerable. Accordingly, whilst Marshal Blucher
moved across the Seine at Saha Germain, eon,;,,
g round to
the South %Vest of Paris by Saint Cloud and Ple,is Pique,
leaving Versailles as a point for his '''serve, the Duke f
Wellington drawing off his left from the Forest of Bondy,
and moving to his right, threw a bridge over the Stehle at
Argenteuil, and sent a B.itish corps towards the Pout de
Neuilly. Thus both armies were in commuoication ••.r the
left of the Seine. The effect of all the molcmen., was to

render all. the preparations un •he liAht ()auk of t;,e `eine

. .
and at Niontini3rtie d litotlevi;le. fw the delencc f fails,
unavailing.—But Blocher d:d not estahli-1) L.:;1"•'11. al St.

_ .
Cloud, Mendon, and Plesis withoul ,•• r.:1)!c

resistance. The cheitly. reit.f.,rced 1 Soult al;,
had alma 50,tftO regpl.tr tut tips in Pat is. ‘I th to se 'hey
attacked Marshal Blw her ..t St. Cl.ud a. d Mc, d n, ar d a
Nary obstinate action tuuk place. PrusAan gltailkry, how-
