9. 4 8

(Imperial Parleameat coodiseed from page 2.45)
tastes to the amount of five millions per annum, will alrord a
most important and essential relief from those burthens which at
prem..: press so heavily on the industry of the country.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER denied the ae-
euracy of some of the statements. He would not, however, go
into a detailed examination of the resolutions. As the hon.
gent. contemplated some ulterior proceeding, it might he unfair
to the subject to go into the discussion of it, till the complete
plan was before the house and the country. }le should theieforo
move that the debate be adjourned to this day three months.
Mr. GRENFELL made some remarks un the charges of ma-
nagemeut ; after which the amendment was put and carried.
Mr. WILBERFORCE brought forward his motion on the
subject of preventing the estcnsiou of slavery at the Cape of
Good Hope. and moved resolutions and an address to the Crown
on the subject.
Mr. W. SMITH urged the necessity of using all the influence
of this government to keep this traltic under. He had reason
to know, on the bast information, that facilities for carrying ou
the trade on the Western coast were as great as ever they were.
After a few words from Mr. Mouey, Dr. Phillamore, Mr. F.
Buxton. and others, the motion was agreed to and the house
adjourned.

FRIDAY, JELV 26.

Qusrme, the Yeoman Usher of the black-rod, summoned
the house to attend in the !louse of Peers, to beat the Royal
Assent Risen to sundry bills. (See Lords.)
The Eecheepier Bills' Bill, the Militia Pay Bill, the Militia
Clothing Bill (Ireland) the Appropriation Bill, &c, were seve-
rally committed. Reports to be received on Monday.
The reports were presented and agreed to of the Brimstone
Elray. back Bill-- the East India Seger,' Duties Bill— the Spirits
Exportation Bill (Scotland), &c. They were ordered to he
read a third time.
The Isle of Man Postage Bill, the Commercial Credit Bill
(Ireland), the Greenland Fisheries Bill, &c. were severally
read a third time and passed.
Mr. LUSHIN GTON moved that the house at its cis ng should
adjourn to Monday.— Agreed to.
COAL Merees.—Mr. HUME adverted to a petition that be
bad pr. 4elltegt on a former day front Mr. Bradfield, complaining
of the deceptive system of coal metage, and of the inelliciency
of Mr. Tulloch and Mr. Lushington as principal coal meters.—
It wss then said, by the secretary to the Treasory, that the
complaints to the Treasury Lards against Mr. 1 Minch had not
succeeded. He (Mr. Hume) concluded with moving for the
folloeing returns on this subject, Oat was of so much
interest to the public :—A copy of the charges preferred against
John Baker and Aleeander Teach, principal meters ; and of
the evidence iu support of the said charges ; and of the answer
of the said principal meters to the same. A copy of the peti-
tion, of John Clayton to the Lords of the Treasury, Mb Sept.
1517 ,• and of his petition to the Right Hon. the Earl of Liver-
pool, doted slat Oct. 1818, and May 13th, 1822 ; and also of
the petition to the Lords of the Treasury enclosed therein.
• copy of • petition of Thomas Bradfield, containing the
charges preferred against Thomas Bigg, principal meter fur the
county of Surrey, in April, 1821. A copy of the evidence
taken respecting them ; with the order of the court upon the
same. Also • copy of the charges preferred agaiinet the said
Feencis Bigg, by Mr. Rickman, to the court at Ryegate, in the
said pointy of Surrey, in June last.
And also a return of the number of principal coal meters in
the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, their names, whether
they billow any other and what trades, professions, or employ-
ment; and by whom the said principal cord ureters have been
appointed.
A return of the amount collected for metage of coals in the
city and liberties of Westminster, under the .17th Geo. 111.
stating the amount collected in each year op to Jan. 1822, and
bow the same had been appropriated ; stating the name and
date of appointment of every person who has received in each
year more than one hundred a year in salary, compensation, or
pension.
The several retnrna were ordered, as were the like returns
fur the mew, of Siirey.
Pose HUME presented a petition from an
Individnal maned Atkinson, late of the post office, complaining
of the Post Master General. le the month of November he was
dismissed for some alleged misconduct; and all enquiry had
been refused to the petitioner. While in such office, be had
contributed during 20 years 4001. to the superaanuation fund ;
•nd all relief from that fund bad beco constantly denied him.—

he thought this a peculiarly hard ease.
Mr. CALCRAFT said be was not acquainted with the parti-
cular" of .his case ; hut this was an instence of what the clerks
were to expect, who after having served fbr rears, and base
given up portions of income to secure provisions in old age,
etsould their superiors think fit to dismiss them. The case
merited investigntiou. The petition was read and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RIME then moved for returns of the authority under
which contributions to the post office superannuation fund were
to be raised. (tittered.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the late captain of the
brig C.,to les, complaining of severe treatment from the Spanish
Government. He had been seized and carried into Tenerille,
and where he was long imprisoned, the vessel sold, &c.
Lord LONDONDERRY said the case bad engaged the pe-
culiar attention of Government, who bad made representations
to tl e Spanish Authorities. lie admitted that the ease was one
of difficulty and hardship ; the petitioner was innocent, and he
knew him to be poor. The teasel, however, had been con-
deemed according to the Spanish laws, for not hexing gone into
port after.' Spaniard had fallen overboard and had been drow tied.
The Spanish authorities gave the answer that we should give ;
they said that there were higher tribunals that might be appealed
to.
Mr. HUME said, as the individual was admitted to be poor
and innocent, he was a fit object for sonic consideration out of
the Admiralty Droita.
Tile petition was read, and ordered to be ported.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition item St. 3lichaere, Dublin,
complaining of the Assessed 'fazes.--Itead, and ordered to be
'stinted.
Mr. G. BENNET moved for returns of the manner in which
the stoney, fees, &c. for the me.etemince of the King's Beuch
Prison, had been expended, ia Is2l, and 1!122; as far as the
same could be made out.—Ordered.
The Barrack Estates' Bill was reed a third time, and passed.
SUULR•NNUATION BILL.—Hr. Bf:,,Gl,Ert appeared at the
bar with the report of the Superannuation Bill.
Mr. CALCRAFT opposed the report. If the bill were op-
tional on thuee at present in office; and compulsory on those
who should take office hereafter, be should nut object to the
bi!l. [No answer from the Chancellor of the Exchequer)—
He must then state his obje-tion. According to an account
that had just been produced, the &meted of the Superanuuatiuns
27.9,000!. Lpnards of 2,000 persons bad been super-
-45.:,,t hi. His ohjeotion to the tan, fur it was such, was, that
it •'p:;v' puti AU: —that it mini t:umrdsory uu those who had
