THE NATIONAL REGISTER

during a great tout of his profehional life. The pctitioo
914 ►ead and laid on the table.

Petitions were also preaentid from the Royal Borough of
Queen's Ferry—the clergy of the niiti.l944. of Gloucrsh•r—
and the 'tumor and Chao chtt.:irdelot of the parh.h of S .
George, Exeter. against the Roman Cut'Ailie claims, mid
praying the hill may not puss into a law. Read and laid on
the tattle.

Or th..• motion of the E.irl of CARN Ait VON, grverni
ituesiws upon Ow Grampolient election quelitiou were or-dined
to attend the flown.— A iljournell.

FIIII)AV, Al,llll. G.
The royal assent was given by commission to the Com-
mercial Intercom se hill, the Husbandry Horses bill, the
Irish Attorneys' Fees lie:olio:leo bill, the Tilsit Witchcraft
Act Repeal bill, and the Gramploinil Witnesses Indem-
nity hill. 'Elie cummissioneis were., the Lord Chance:lm,
the Earl of Shaftesline y, and Viscount Melville.
An order was made that a message he sent to the House
olCommons, requesting the attendance of Sir M. Lopez,
to be examined at their lordships bar as a witness, touch-
ing the (Intuitionist! Disfranchisement hill.
Lord SIDMMITH presented a petition from the Dean
and Chapter of Westminster, and one from S.irling,
against the Roman Catholic Claims.
'the Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from
the clergy of 3luti College, having a similar effect.
The Earl of MACCLESFIELD and the Earl of
SHAFTESBURY also presented petitions from the
clergy, praying that no alteration may be made in the
existing lairs which apply to Roman Catholics. The pe-
titions were read. :laid laid on the table.

The Earl of IiONOUGMIOIZE said, lie held in his
band a petition from the Roman Catholic ilivltop of
Liuterick, and several menthes of that church, ',raying,
the house to remit the restrictive part of the bill now
before pas lianwiii, for r ivinz relief to the Roman Catholic
hotly. The noble rail oli,i raid, that the pctitiois was
numerously iit• hi Itly ii•iiiietstaltiti cha-
racter, and it was eutiticd to the ronsideration of tlie

The LORD CHANCFJ.I.OR intimated that he did not
wick to oppose the redithig of the petition, but he enter•
Wiled a doubt whether the house could receive the peti-
tion of a Roman Catholic Bishop, described as the Bishop
of Limerick. The Bishop of Limeliek known to their
lordships was a Protestant Bishop, and the question might
arise whether the house could recognise Inure than one
Bishop of Limerick.
The Earl of nosouGumo RE expressed his snrprise
that any doubt should exist on the robjert, as it was
known to the house that the Catholic Bishop of Limerick
was ordained, and in the regular exercise of ccclesinstical
fmxtious. He believed there was a law in Ireland which
allowed a R an Catholic priest to becotuc a Protestant
minister, without any new iodination.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, in reply, observed. that
he did not doubt the functions of the petitioner, but ran-
dour induced him to express an objection which might
operate not only on his own mind, but upon others.
The petition was then read, and laid on the table.
The house adjourned to Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
MONDAY, APRIL 2.
Mr. WHITBREAD presented a petition from the Cler-
keit well road trust, against the metropolis consolidation
trusts' bill.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented a petition from the corn
mei ebants of Leith, against the corn averages bill, praying,
that it might not he hurried into a law.
C'w rum L.SC kt..—Mr. 11. SU %IN lilt presentnd n petition
from St. Saviour's, signed by GOO persons, against the Cu
Biotic bill—which hr Loped would not pass. Ile ottserved,
that the gailant general had said that his vide was suppoi led
by the m ;jot-Hies of Southwark ;hail petition, signed by 600
persons, came from one parish only.
Sir R. W ILSON replied, that in such parish there were
few electors, and that doubtless the petitioners spoke the
language of their rector, w hi) said, last Sunday, that Sundays
would satin cease to he observed as days of religions worship,
and that a power was sising up which would stun sweep
away all leasehold and lre.altili primes laugh.)—He
tioultied not the respectability of the petitioners—but, lie
added, he acted according to what he deemed the wishes of
It s emastituents ; if, however, they felt otherrase—grateful
as he was for their support, heiwoold rather resign his sent
Bum give a vase ag t his conscience and against this bill.
Petition ordered to he printed.
Similar petitions w) re presented, during the evening, from
St. Pant. Bristol—Cinistchurch, lianterhury—Dumfries—
and Clifton, Gloucester. Severally ordered to be primed.
Mr. II UM L presented a locution from a pet set! named
Chidiey, committed to the comity jail of Somerset,
plaining of ye sat' severities, of having beew chained, etc.
Ordered to lie printed.
Mr. W OilT 11, having proposed the dischat ee
of the [Miner order, moved fur rout tis of weekly S 1.1
papers, nod Monday editions, is its un UCCOUIII of their pi a-
dere to the revenue, etc.—Ordered.
CATHOLIC DIS %CHITTY HILL.—Sir J. NEWPORT
1111Vtil tae third reading of the Catholic Disability Re-
moval bill.
The order of ilie di.y for the third reading was then
read.
Sir W. SCOTT rose. He contended that stint a mea-
sure could only hi' likely it) he ptodoctive of advantage
PAM, large pal ties approsed of what was to be done;
hot were. milt is lie was much misinformed, the patty who
ise:r to oe conciliated by the bill were us 1111101 divided
abut it es those rho were avowedly against the bill.
There was so h difference of opinion on the subject,
that by passing the bill he anticipated any other result
limit conciliation. lie then writ on to submit, that, II
its the petition of the Catholic Peers was relied on, they
were not to be received as the expositors and expounders
of the Catholic faith ; they were rattier to go to the clergy
and assemblies of the Catholic church. Looking to suds
authority as not aitog. diet a idiom weight, lie could not
forget their celebrated explanation oil the oath of Alive.
many ; and, remember log that, how could lie say that the
Catholic clergy were likely to be ',dished with what was
passing? (Hear.) He then adverted, in illustration of
this point, to the CM holly historiallS of the oeformation ;
and to the reifies of Mr. Chinks Boiler, which lie admit-
ted to be as candid as tile) west: leaned. The proposed
tool) lie stewed as the most imp°, taal ',Art of the bill.—
lie would give them mole hupertant upiitious than ilis
own. 3l). Seltlett said, ilict the Catholics could not enjoy
piisileges suds as were enjoyed by the other snlijects,
alas were 1.101e,43111e1. Mr. Lucke held that such was
their religion, that they gave themselves tip to a hitch:at
piitice and foreign iuilueuce. Lord Clartudou and Mr.

~` ~

74


Justice Blackstone expressed like opinions—namely, tha
so 1011 g as they acknowledged foreign influence, even In
spiritsual matters, they could not complain of exclusion.
Such were the opinions of most eminent men; and by
acting on anvil opinions, the coustittil had stood limn
the reformation down to the present time. It was now
proposed to aliet the securities which had been deemed
essential front the time of the reformation. As to the pro-
posed oath, he maintained that it was quite impossible for
the Catholics nf Ireland to take it ; it acknowledged the
King, not oily as head of the temporalities, but °l-the
Could they sincerely take such an oath as this?
Ile thought net—that it was quite impossible. The Ca-
tholic's conscience wilt, or it was not, in the keeping of
the Pope, as head of the Runtish chinch. It it were not
in such keeping, the tact had not been truly represented ;
but it it mete tlo such keeping, how could the proposed
oath be taken ? The laws declared that such foreign in-
fluence was noxious—it W7ll/ calculated to be most init.
chievons, and therefore had it been fin bidden and guarded
against by language hi sweeping as language could be.
Yet now such gum d was to -be done away—bat the Ro-
man Catholic's conscienre remained. As to the influence
of this oath, we nutlet si tied him to state, that on toleration,
accompanied with such fetters, lie had no reliance. Butt
they talked of the Irish Runtish church as well as the Irish
Protestant Ono eh, so that we had two churches there—
Ireland had the double-headed monster.—(A laugh.)—By
agreeing to 1104 bill, be maintained that by it was endan•
geted by two centuries (if blood and suffering. He con-
clude.' o iii movitig an amendment, that the bill be read
a third tone this day six months.
Sit J. HILL seconded the amendment, contending that
he viewed the 111r11,11tO us !mho; ofa decided revolutionary
character. It went on to authorize an intercourse with
the see of Rome. He had [maid with astonishment the
assertion that our constitution was ion esactitially Protes-
taut ; he maintained that it was such, if there were any
meaning in the bill of rights, and the calling of the Prince
of Olollge to the throne, and the terms on which I •..ry
monarch thereafter was to hold the crown. This change
made hint view the bill as a revolutionary measure ; and
he also red the change of the oath of a revolution-
ary character. Evers Plowman( was bound, contrary to
the provisions of this bill, that no fort Lan power, pope, or
potentate, ought to have influence in this country. If this
bill passed, lie did nut see how Protestants could take the
present oaths. He alto maintained that the bill was ab-
surd. lie had received ample proof that the Catholic
clergy and laity of Ireland were against the bill. They
called it the slavery, the insult bill, mid hod' patties ap-
plied to it every opproin ions epithet that they could think
of. Where then was the prospect of conciliation )
Capt. o'6ll ADY stated, that as far as tie could learn,
there was loot that opposition to the Catholic which had
been described to exist.
alr. C. HUTCHINSON again spoke of the bill as not
calculated to produce the concord anticipated by some.
Ile would not vote for the amendment, because that
would get rid of the bill altogether; nor could lee vote for
the bill in its present form lie was sorry that the bill
could not be re.contiiiiittol, that there might still be the
opportunity oh' getting rid of the obnoxious portions of it.
Mr. RICE observed, that when the resolutions of some
Catholics were adverted to, the protest of other Catholics
WAS 110 t named.
Mm. ELLIS spoke against the bill, maintaining that it
was not calculated to give satisfaction to Protestants or
CAlllolieS,
Mr. ROBINSON denied that the opinion of Mr.
O'Connel was time opittitin of the Catholic body; he had
no hopes of satisfying that individual by the present or
any other ineastire, tout lie was fully !persuaded that, if
adopted, it would give satisfaction to the great body of
the Catholics.
Mr. 600E11111LN repeated his former arguments
against the
Mr. CANNING thought, that the house was to look at
this present proceeding pot as au act commencing a new
series of acts, lint as a crowning act of mercy tollowing
and in pursuance a variety of others. The great question
wits, whether, upon passing the present bill, there would
not be a more wholesome state of law than
He next touched upon the untidier of Catholic members
that were likely to be introduced by it into parliament,
contending to contradiction to the opponents of the mea-
sure, that instead of 70 from Ireland and 30 from En-
gland, the utmost that WOlllll probably be returned %sunlit
be a dozen in the whole. Admitting, however, that more
might obtain entrance, allowing even that die vision of
the hundred knights was to be realized, all Il lie would ask
in what way they want(' be able to set about the destruc-
tion of the constitution? The other side who talked so
mitch of danger seas I/0111111 to show (*tom whatice it would
pi tweed, and how it wonia Operille—ill What way the Ca-
Omne rept eselitatis es would succeed in corrupting the
rest of lite 561 meiotic's, or at least the whole oh' the
minorities on the lair divisions 011 this subject, and the
greater pail of the supporting majurities. (Hear.) He
contended that the measure wilt eminently calculated to
conciliate the Irish, and to cement the Union; the re-
centness of %%loch wits to be considered an advantage
instead of an objection, inasmuch as expectations ins-
dulgrd that event were now to be realized ; pro-
mises amid pl,ii were' to be Whiled before love were
SO delayed as to make sick 'lie heart. 'to this coihidera-
tion must the house clone at la,t, whatever late might
attend the bill elsewhere—viz. whether it was toot neces-
sary to incorporate the hearts and feelings of lone- millions
of Catholics in the same manner we had incorporated
their laws, their commerce, and their institutions.? whe-
ther they should be united to Great Britain firmly and
effectually, or leave them in an island of their own, and
by a mistaken policy covice them in proportion to our
danger whether they should be continued under the
'bleat of repression and subservience, or raised to a level
with otaiselves. Regardless of internal squabbles and
party cavils, let the house slow Collbllllllll4lo that great
work which, when once consummated by it. sooner or
later must he accompltslied. (Continued cheering.)
The cries fur the question mid tot clearing the gallery
were now universal, and strangers withdrew accottiowly.
The Ilona. then divided—For the third reading, glti—
Against it, 197—Majority lot it, 19.
On tier ri mil to she gullui) we found
Mr. PEEL stating that though he would not admit the
Roman Catholics ought nut to be called oil to take the oath
of bopreitnicy as well as he Protebitints yet he consult ted
the stone argument by which the Catholic was exempted.
would oho ga to exempt the Protestant. He wood thew-
fore, with the view of having his opitnotis re.otdcd us: the
journal-, IotIVO that the second pic.:e (that containing the
oath) be omitted. This, after • few woida Guar So J. alisca

_,~,

intosb, Lord-Castiereagh, and the Speaker, was put and
negatived.
Mr. CHOKER ohjeetel to the Protestant being called
upon to sus-:u• tout tie Pope had on :mill wity in the king-
done. while that 1111thority was recoziri-oil iii tit oath pre.
posed to be token by the Roman Gthnlir. With this feeling '
be observed that he should move the coatis-ion of 11• e words
" Roman Catholic'," from the clan:' which regulated the
oath, in order that the same oath should be administered to
all clews of his M tjesty'r siihject,.
Sir J. MACIN Mill said that Catholics ml2lll conscien-
tiously object to the words " or ought to have" (refetrin4
to the spiritual authority of the Pape) in the old mita ; but
he thought that Protestants could nut feel the same scruple.
Lord CASTLEREAGH opposed the amendment ; and
after a few words from Mr. Croker iu explausitioo, it was
put and negatived.
Sir J. NEW lions observed, that by the bill Catholics
were excluded (ruin eligibility to be..om • churchwardens;
but in Ireland a great inconvenience might be found from it
In many parishes. where it often happeued that the Protest-
ael elergyman sad his clerk were tte. may Protestant inha-
bitants. He would therefore move that the words," or be
competent to become churchwardens be Steil.
Mr. C. W. WYN N said that the right lion. gent. (Mr.
Peel), in proposing the-exclusion of Catholics from being
elected churchwardens, was—as far as respected England—
an abrogution of the present law t fur by that they were
already eligible Catholics emotairtly voted in parishes in
England, its well for the repairs of churches us in the elec.
lion of churchwardens.
The amendment was then put and negatived.
Neveral verbal amendments were suirscqueoily proposed
and agreed to, after which
TheSPEAK Llt put the geestion—'t that the bill do
pass,"
Mr. HUTCHINSON observed that though he had felt it
his duty to oppose several of the clauses considering them,
as he did, penal clauses, and though he wuuid nut say yes or
sin to (lie bill as it How stood Stith those clauses, yet if the
bill pawed be would do esery thing in his power to recon-
cile his Roman Catholic fellow countrymen to it.
The bill then passed, and was ordered to be carried to
the Lords.
The ether orders of the day were afterwards disposed of,
and the house adjourned at four o'clock.
TCEiDAT, APRIL 3.
Petitions against the Malt Tax were presented from
Hertfordshire, Northamptonshire, Essex, Woodbridge,
Great Grimsby, and Litivoln.
A petition was presented Irons Wiltshire, praying for
the repeal of the Wool Tax.
Mr. Alderman WOOD moved the second reading of
the filackfriars Bridge bill.
Mr. SIONINER opposed the bill. This was a fresh at-
tempt to make a demand on the Orphans' Fond. He
could not consent to the Importation of a fresh tax on the
subject to repair this bridge.
Mr. Alderman Wood, Al r.T. Wilson, and Mr. Alderman
Bryilges defended the bill.
Sir J. GRAIL% NI opposed the bill, and moved, that it
he read a second time this day three months,
The gallery was cleared for a division. The numbers
were—Ayes 19—Noes 19. 'Ulm Speaker gave the casting
vote against the hill r it was of course lust.
CATHOLIC DISCVSSIONS.—.Sir J. NE.W PORT hoped the
house would imiiilge him with the opportunity, previous
to his CHI rying the bill to the lord*, to return thanks Cur
the great indulgence he had received during the recent
discussions. He was most sensible of, and most grateful
for, the kindness of the house; and lie added, that lie
thought the house never had passed a measure more cal-
culated to produce the greatest a +vantage to the empire.
Sir J. NEWVORI' then took the bill, wad prepared to
leave die house fur the lords. The Speaker desired the
house to attend their message. Sir J. N. was billowed by
several members of the house; and Mr. Canning, who en-
tered afterwards, immediately left the house to follow and
join the message,
Lord ALTHORP presented petitions from Retford,
Worksop, Doncaster, dec. against the Malt Tax. tie
concurred in the prayers of the petitioners, and he hoped
the house would give effect to their previous vote. The
noble lord (Castlereagh) had very frankly told them, that
the second reading of the Malt Tax Repeal bill should be
resisted; that the government could not go on without the
Malt Tax; but be hoped that members would not be
Operated upon by any intimations that the loss attic tax
would work any change in the administration. Such in-
timations had before been given, but they had not been
attended- with airy terrible consequences. He trusted
that members would do their duty, and consider the 314te
tat the country alone. If the tax acre repealed, lie doubted
not that ministers would tind the means of doing without
it.—Ortleied to be printed,
CAItLp,C ELECTIOII.--Mr. W. WYNN presented
the report of the committee of privileges, appointed to
examine the Carlisle petition, complajoing 01 the intro-
duction of the military during an election. The committee
had agreed to several resolutions, stating the facts of the
military being introduced ou requisition of Drs. Lowry,
Herron, as c.l that there was so reason to attribute cor-
rupt motives to the niasgistrate; that there was no proof
that eiVil force Would het have been efficient ; that
there did nut appear to be :sufficient reason, limn actual
serious, riots, to call in the military ; but that, considering
ell the difficulties of the circumstances, the committee.
roeld not recommend the adoption of any further men-
wires. The boo. member loosed, as a resolutiod of the
house, that they would always view with the gieutest je4-
horsy the introduction of the military, but that theie s.:1;
no ground for adopting Nether steps in the vestal in-
stance.
After some remarks from Lord Lowther, Sir J. Graham
and Mr. CUM eti, the resolution was agreed to.
The Comity Rates bill was read a sccural (line, and
ordered to be committed on Monday,
Mr. CANNING presented a petition, praying for the
repeal of the protecting duties imposed by the Union,
nom Liverpool,
MALT Dc'tv lterEa WESTERN moved
.the second reading of the new Malt Doty Kepi al bill—
the duty of Is. Yd. imputed in 1010, ahich WA:. to all in-
tents and pnrposes a war tax. The right lion. gem. hash
bald ant cite hope of peculiar relief to heuttand— but this
lex pressed Alike an England, Ireland, and S,:iithatirl.
'flee CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER sad, lie
bad no eater-lieu to a fair ite,4iiiry of the optiatiou tat' the
tat use Seotland,
4,,4 4 A, ti AmILTQN had thought that dug lag pressed
lectlitally hatal ou St Miami. Alter the lost year's discus- i
Canis he had thought the cause ui Se4hll4tB4 teas WitXttOal
10441 lM ii 41,144166 butptirit.4 the WI,

.~

-
