^

wereengaged
by these two gentlemen till the time when the painful
business was concluded. The plumbers in the mean time
soldered the lead coffin. Much praise is given to the
undertakers for the- quiet manner in which they con-
veyed this coffin from London to Claremont. It passed
along the road without exciting any particular attention,
and arrived about 10 o'clock at Claremont, without
the knowledge of Prince Leopold.
The spectators of the last melancholy ceremony of
shutting up for ever the mortal remains of the mother
and the child, were the Baron Hardenbrooke, Sir Ro-
bert
Gardiner, Col. Addenbroke, Lady John Thynne,
Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Lewis, Mrs. Cohenbourg, Sze.
Every endeavour was made by the persons employed to
finish their mournful oflice before II o'clock, because
at that hour precisely every night Prince Leopold has
visited the remains of his beloved Princess, and wept
ever them previous to his retiring to his bed. Fortu-
nately their operations were finished before the cluck
struck eleven ; so that when the Prince entered to pay
his usual visit of solemn mourning, he was not shucked
by any peculiar or strange appearance, there being only
one coffin substituted for another. We are happy to
may, that his Serene Highness is so much recovered in
his bodily health, that it is not thotght necessary to
issue any more bulletins ; but his grief is unabated. He
attended Divine service yesterday, which was perform-
ed by Dr. Short, the sub-preceptor of the late Princess.
He afterwards received visits from the Duke of York,
Viscount Melville, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
and Mr. Canning.
The Queen and Princesses remain secluded at
Windsor Castle : they yesterday received a morning
visit, from the Duchess of Gloucester.
On Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock, the mortal
remains of the Princess Charlotte and infant will be
removed from the Lower Lodge, and conveyed to St.
George's chapel. The Dean of Windsor (the Rev. 1)r.
Hobart) and Prebendaries attended by the Choir, will
seceive the body. The order of the procession will be
nearly similar to that observed at the interment of the
Princess Amelia. After the Dean of Windsor has
read that part of 4he service before the interment,
the body will -be, deposited in the vault, from whence
a subterraneous passage is formed under the choir of
Saint (Jorge'so Chapel, in which an aperture is nrule
near. the- accent to the altar. This passage leads to
the Roysl Dormitory, at the east end of the chapel.
It is to the depth of 15 feet from the surface. The
dimensions of the tomb are 70 feet in length, 28 in
width, and 14 in depth. The receptacles for bodies
on the aides of the tomb are formed by massive Gothic
Columns, of an octagon shape, supporting a range of
four shelves, each of which in the space between the
two columns, will contain two bodies. The sepulchre
will contain 81 bodies. From the columns springs a
vaulted roof over the tomb.
As all that relates to the life and character of the re-
gretted Princess is of peculiar interest, we give the
following extract from the journal of the pious Bishop
of London (Dr. Porteus), who visited her in her early
years

" Yesterday, the 6th of August, 1801, I paved a very plea-
sant day at Shrewsbury-house, near Shooter's hill, the resi-
dence of the Princess Charlotte of Wales. The day was fine,
the prospect extensive and beautiful, taking in a large reach
of the Thames, which was covered with vessels of various
sizes and descriptions. We saw a goad deal of the young
Princess ; she is a most captivating and engaging child ' • and,
considering the high station she may hereafter fill, and most
interesting and important one. She repeated to one several of
her hymns with groat correctness and propriety ; and on hoeing
told that when she went to South End, in Essex, (as she after-
wards did, for the benefit of sea-bathing], she would then be
in my diocese, she fell on her knees, and begged by blessiug.
I gave it to her with all my heart, and with my earnest secret
prayers to God that she might adorn her illustrious station
with every Christian grace; and that, Weyer she became the
Queen of this truly great and glorious country, she might be
the means of diffusing virtue, piety, and happiness, through
every part of her dominions t"
The followiug notice was yesterday posted up at the
Mansion House:—
" Mansion House, Nov. Is, 1817.
" The Lord Mayor begs to inform the public, that the Mansion.
house and Guildhall will be closed, and no business will be trans-
acted at either place on Wednesday next, being the day appointed
for the funeral at her late ltoyal Highamas the Princess Charlotte of
Wales.
" The Lord Mayor does not presume to dictate to his fellow citi-
zens what line of conduct they should pursue, as he is persuaded
they will do what is suitable on that melancholy (occasion.
" H order of the Lord Mayor,
(Signed) " FRAS. NOBLER."
Meetings have been held in various parishes in the
Metropolis, and resrlutions adopted, recommending itto
the inhabitants to close their shops on the day when
the remains of her Royal Highness will be interred ;
we cannot but applaud this preceding, though we are
almost persuaded it was unnecessary, as the public is
left to themselves, would not fail to pay this last tri-
bute of respect to her whom they loved so well.
The fatal intelligence has now reached the farthest
part of the three kingdoms, and there is no part from
odeich we Lave not received proofs of the deepest sor-
row. We 'lay a few of them before our readers. To
every town mid village, to the palace and the cottage,
so the peasant as well as the Peer, it has been as the
*broke of thunder. No long illness had prepared the
mind foe the fatal event. They heard of one day

THE NATRINAL REGISTER.

as. a Being frill.of health, and life, and joy, and the
next as a corpse. The feeling manner in which some
,of the foreign, and almost all our provincial papers
speak of tl event, does the writers much credit.
The Bristol Obierrer of the ljth. cospresee itself
thus

. The c.slamity, whisk it wee last week our melancholy office tce
announce to our readers, has overspread the nation with a funeral and
imabating gloom. To speak of a whole people as litterally dissolved.
in tears, might be deemed exaggeration ; nor will we say that we
lament like the Egyptians, who, stricken by the Divine wrath. awoke
in the morning, and found theism born dead in every house t yet der
we no nune than justice to the public feeling, in recording that the
death of the Princess Challouais a chasm in the great British family.,
which has impressed upon every countenance the mournful traces f
a domestic affliction. Approaching to it, perhaps, was the sensation
occasioned by the fall of Nelson at the moment of victory; the
poignancy of our sorrow was then, however. mitigated by the reflec-
tion, that the hero bad died the death he most desired, leaving no-
thing of glory unachieved to himself, or his country ; but in the
present more affecting instance, whilst the heart is painfully touched
by the suddenness of a fat.: which has snatched front our hopes so
taniable an object. in the plentitude of all earthly happines, our rea-
son seeks in vain for any topic of consolation.
•• From these considerations, however, we turn with melancholy
pleasure to the character of the departed object of our regrets; whie t
circumstances had brought so fully before the public, and into such
just appreciation, that one and all, with pride and exultation. hailed
her as a genuine English woman. Her very failings e ere such, as
not only to lessen our dutiful affection kir her, but to carry back our
recollection to one of the highs periods of our history, and to lead
us to compare her with the great British Queen. In common with
Elizabeth, she possessed la sound and vigorous understanding, tweet
Annum, and a lively wit ; but she also possessed qualities to which
Elizabeth had no pretention—singleness of mind, openness of man-
ner, and the most gushing tenderness of heart that ever warmed A
female breast. Her eye could beam with equal fires. whenever
indioation, or a wine of injury, called forth the generous
ertaitium of her lofty spirit; but unlike that of the haughty
Quism, it was daily turned with. more- than woman's mildness,'
upon objects of mrupassion. Elizabeth was cold, suspicious,
unforgiving; Charlotte Augusta was affectionate, generous, confid-
ing. The one, could, upon occasion, be gracious; the other was in-
variaWy conciliating and full of benignity. In the late Princess
there was no stately tondescension, no laborious affability ; but her
natural goodness of heart was ever displaying itself in the most joyous
elsulitions of a benevolence which rioted in the luxury of doing good.
But a short time before her death: she has! declared that she was the
happiest woman in the kingdom ; and she deserved to be so—for
much of the haptiness she enjoyed.was but the reflection of that which
she had herself diffnuaL"

The effect produced by the intelligence at Glasgow
is thus announced :

" This city yesterday exhibited the most marked feeling of kind
affiction and deep sorrow fur our departed Princess, accompanied
at times with a dubious apprehension lest the event should have
an unfavourable effect upon the future destinies of the kingdom, Re-
mote as we arc in the; pin of the country from the scenes which her
Royal !highness graced, we had no opportunity of witnessing that
amiable condescension and those kind offices which won her the
hearts of those around her ; but we can figure to ourselves a lovely
young woman, endowed with every virtue, and with the most fusel-
eating manners, brought up with the expectation of ruling over a
mighty Empire, and enjoying in fond imagination the happiness
she was to Muse to her people ;—contemplating this picture, we
we can enter into the feelings of her sorrowing friends, and consider
ourselves as in some degree Involved in the calamity."
- - - -

In Ireland all party feeling subsided in contemplating
the deplorable catastrophe.—The Dublin Evening Pent
a paper remarkable for its political hostility, expresses
itself in the following manner.—

" Never, we arc minatied, had the jonmalg of the empires more
melancholy task to perform than that which the decree of an inscru-
table Providence inflicts, in °rappelling them to announce the death
of the Princes Chartotte of Wales. We do not lay claim to more
feeling or sensibility than our contemporaries, but we certainly never
put together an article with such a sinking of spirit as we feel at this
moment The death, indeed, of this Princess is a circumstance
which, whether considered as a Divine visitation upon the charities,
and hopes, and prospects of domestic life, or as a more extended and
awful dispensation upon a mighty and most powerful people, in the
complete and peaceful possession, and in the ample exercise of all
the attributes of empire and command, is such a one as must make
an impression as general and as melancholy, as it is likely to prove
lasting and eventful, even far beyond the period of the existing ge-
nsrauon. As • private Calamity there is no event, in the range of
those sorrows to which human nature is devoted, so deeply calcu-
lated to bow down the heart with heaviness, and to impress upou the
mind the absolute vanity of our frail existence. A young woman, is
the early prime of life, and the possession, hitherto, of uninter-
rupted health and high spirits, snatched from her family and friends
at that most interesting crisis, when it might reasonably be hoped
she was about to augment her own happineui, and to bestow a pledge
that would guarantee, as it were the permanence of the blessing
upon herself and!upon them, is surely,withont contemplating any ex-
ternal adjunct, an affictlon that transcends the ordinary miseries
which flesh is heir to."—Dublin Zvening Poo.

The French Papers have expressed their feelings on
this melancholy event, with a warmth which does them
honour. The Journal de Debate which has taken the
lead on this occasion, thus expresses itself on the I ltit :
" The details which we have given in our article from London, on
the premature and unexpected death of the Princess Charlotte. will
be read with the most touching interest. There is in the calamities of
the powerful of the earth something which speaks at once to the ima-
gination and the heart, and which does not allow us to remain insen-
sible to the spectacle of these great and august misfortunes. The re-
grets which they inspire are doubled, when, to the image of power
swallowed up in the grave, is joined the idea of youth, grace, and
beauty, cut down in their flower, brilliant hopes vanished, and a royal
posterity buried at once in a single tomb. In this union of melan-
choly circumstances, pity, that common tie of humanity, annihilates
distance, as limits, extinguishes recollections, and unites all sen-
timents. The mourning of one nation becomes that of all, and then
more than ever they remember that they are brethren.
" France will not then be insensible to a death which throws Eng-
land into such profound consternation. Naturally generous and
feeling, Frenchmen will not see without emotion the tears of a father
and a husband. They will figure to themselves, not without a par-
ticipation in sorrow, that anguish of a Royal Family, that grief of a
w:mle people, which has been manifested in a manner so universal and
so striking. Never did attachment to the constitutional principles
of a monarchy take a character at once more general and more w
lcmn than on this sad conjunction. At the funeral sounds of the
bells of St. Paul's all the ihhabitants of London spontaneously put on
mourning; marks of grief and signs of mourning are impressed on
the very journals that announced the fatal event; the theatres were
dosed, and fasting and prayer auperseded profane amusements and
public pleasures. Though in the days of prosperity power sometimes
experiences in England contradictions and resistance, in those of mis-
fortune it only meets with consolation, with homage, and devoted
loyalty. It is then that, every thing concentrated in its true affec-
tions, that nation feels only one wish—that of softening, by the free
expre,nons °fits sentinzehts, the soUow of the chiefs whom it pieces
its glory in obeying."

Nov. 17.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRANCE.
c) HANSEN OP DEPUTIES.--ROYAL PITTING /OR ONIXIING
THE Skint/II or 181/.
A discharge of artillery announced the arrival of the Kim'
at the foot of the peat stair ease. A deputation of 12 Peeps,
and 23 I)eputies, having at their head M. Angles, President
by seniority, went to id ceive his i‘lajesty, and to eonduet
him to the stt pa of the Thione, conformably to Amide 3d of
the Regulation of the 1311 i of August, 1814.
The unanimous cries of Via c Ic Roi t vivcnt fey Itonrhons !
filled all parts of the Hall, where an immense crowd of specta-
tors had collected at nine o'clock in the mornitig. Fureigaers
of rank filled the nibiane of the diplomatic (-tops.
The King took his place on the Throne, He was surrouaded
by Monsieur, the Duke of Berry, and the Duke of Orleans,
seated on the folding chairs to the right atufleft.
`Prince Talley ramie, the Grand Chamberlain, and the Mar-
ts de fireuxhreze, Grand Master of the errenumies, occu-
pied the Pisces assigr,ed for them. hl.lfainbrai, the Chan-
cellos, stood before his anti-chair.

The Marshal and Minister of State canoe in separately, and
occupied the liner steps ma each side of the Throne.
The Peers of France placed in the four first ranks of tiro,.
lar benches, n ere ranged aectirtiling to the Royal Ordinance
of the 2iiii of August last, according to their retkpecti‘e
ranks, of Dukes, Marytisses, Counts, VI scontits, and Barons.
The Duchess of Angook,nic, and the Duchess of Berry,
were present in a private Tribune.
. .

The King having ordered the Peers, and permitted the
Deputies. through the Chancellor, to be seated ; a profound
silence reigned in the Assembly.
His Majesty saluted the Assembly uncovered ; and having
put oil his hat again, proutomerd with a full and penetrating
voice, the following Speech :
" GENTLEMEN,—At the openinz of the last Session, I
spoke to you of the hopes inspired by the mat riage of the
Doke dc Berry. none!' Pros idence has too suddenly
withdrawn the gift it bestowed, yet, we behold in it as.
surances of the future Acomplishment of our wishes.
" The Treaty with the Holy See, which I mentioned last
year, has since been concluded. I have desired my .Ministers,
ill communicating it to you, to propcse the project of a law,
necessary to give the legislative sanction to such of its con-
ditions as may be susceptible of it, and to Illake it in unison
with the shorter, the laws ofthe kingdom, and those privileges
or the Gallican Church, the precious inbet Ranee of our fa-
thers, of which St. Louis and all his successors were no less
jealous than of the happiness of their subjects.
" The harvest of iBl6, by its deficiencies, frustrated, in a
great degree, my hopes. The sufferings of my people have
afflicted my heart. I have, however, beheld with emotion,
that almost everywhere they have endured them with a de.
pee of touching fortitude ; and if, in sonic places, they
have broken out into seditious acts, order was soon re-cata.
bibbed. In order to mitigate the misfortunes of that period,
I have found it necessary to mak- great efforts, and extra.
ordinary pecituiary sacrifices. The details will be presented
to you, and the zeal with which you are anianisteil fur the
public good, will not permit me to doubt that these unfore-
seen expences will have your sanction. The harvest of this
year is more satisfactory; but, on the other band, some lo-
cal calamities, and the blights which have fallen upon the
vineyards excite my paternal solicitude for privations which,
without your co-operation, I cannot relieve.
" I have ordered that the budget of the current charges
should be submitted to you. If the expences resulting from
treaties, and from the deplorable war they have terminated,
will not permit any immediate diniwnition of the taxes voted
in preceding Sessions, I have at least the satisfaction of
thinking, that the economy I have prescribed will preclude
the necessity of any augmentation, and that a vote of credit,
inferior to that of theism Session will suffice for all the wants
of the vear.
" The conventions which I signed in 1815, presenting
results which could not then be foreseen, have rendered a
new negociation necessary. Every thing leads me to hope
that its issue will be favourable, and that conditions fa;
above our means, will be succeeded by others more con-
formable to equity, to moderation, and to the possibility of
sacrifices, which may people support with a constancy that
can add nothing to my love for them, but which give them
new claims to my gratitude, and to the esteem of all nations.
- - - - -

" Thus, as I had the happiness of announcing to you in the
course of last Session, the expences arising from the Army of
Occupation are diminished a fifth, and the period is not far
distant, when we may be permitted to hope, thanks to the
wisdom and energy of my Government, to the love and con-
fidence of my people, and to the friendship of my Allies, that
our country will resume among nations the rank and renown
due to the valour of Frenchmen, and their noble character in
adversity.
" To attain this end, I shall more than ever require a unan-
imity between the people and the throne ; that vigour, with-
out which authority is powerless. In proportion as that au-
thority is strong, will be the diminished necessity of its be-
coming austere. The manner in which the depositories of
my power have used, what the laws have entrusted to them,
justifies my confidence. However I feel great satisfaction in
announcing to you, that I do not consider it requsite to me-
thane the Prevotal Courts beyond the term fixed for their
existence by the i4W which created them.

" I have digested, conformably to the Charter, a law for
recruiting. I wish that no privileges should be sought; that
the spirit and dispositions of that charter, our true compass
which calls all Frenchmen indiscriminately to offices and em-
ployments, should not be illusory, and that the soldier should
find no other limit to his honourable career, than those of his
talents and of his services. If the exeention of Ibis salt,.
tary law should demand an augmentation in the Budget of
the War Minister, yon, as the interpreters of the sentiments
of my people will not hesitate to sauction arrangements which
secure to France that independence and that dignity, 'W-
ont which there can be no King nor nation.
" I have detailed to you difficulties, and the measures they
will require, in conclusion, I shall direct your attention to ob-
jects of a more engaging description.— Thanks to the peace
restored to the Chinch of France. Religion, that eternal
basic of all felicity, even on earth, will, I doubt not, flourish
amongst us ; tranquillity and confidence begin to rclappear ;
public credit is strengthening itself; agriculture, commerce,
and industry resume their activity ; new master pieces of
Art excite admiration. One of my children is traversing, at
this moment, a part of the kingdom, and in retort) fur senti-
ments too deeply engraven on labs heart, and manifested by
hisconduct, he is every where greeted with benedictions ;
while I, who have but pne feeling, the happiness of my peo-
ple, who ans desirous, he their good alone, of that authority

NOV. 17.

which I shall defend from all attacks, of whatever kind, I
know that I am beloved by them, and and in my heart the as-
surance that this consolation will never be denied to me."

This speech made an impression on thel whole assembly•
*chick cannot be truly described; and, no doubt, it will pro-
duce a like effect on all the Frensi who read it.

__ _ _
The acclamations and applanses, which respect could not
repress, sometimes interrupted the King. The speech was
followed by reiterated cries of Vire le Roil Vivent les Bour-
bons!

Afterwards the Chancellor. having received the orders of
the King, announced that lie was about to proceed to receive
the oaths of the Deputies composing the new fifth, and of
those who had been elected in time department where the depu-
tations were incomplete.
M. Laine, Minister of State, for the Interior, read the for.
muta of the oath as follows :

" I swear to to be faithful to the King to obey the Charter
and the lAws of the kingdom, and to conduct myself in all
suspects as belongs to a good and loyal Deputy.'' All the
Deputies present answered in his place standing, and with
his hand raised," I swear."
The oath finished, the Chancellor, by order from his Ma-
jesty, declared the Session of the Chantier of Veers and De-
puties opened for the year 1817: and that they should
ble on Saturday the Bth in the usual place of their sittings, to
commence the course of their labours.

iiis Majesty then came down from the throne, and quitted
the Hall, amidst the acclamations with which he had been
received. The train put itself in motion in the sanie order,
and a fresh discharge of artillery announced his re-entrance
into the Castle.

The Prevotal Court of the Rhone finished, on the 3d inst.,
the trial of the 28 individuals suspecteil of a conspiracy at
Lyons. One of the prisoners named Vcrnay has been con-
demned to death; the Court recommended him to the King's
clemency. l3arbier, Vulonzan, and Bitternay, have been set
at liberty under the surveillance of the High Police for 10
years. Mayer, Gugnere, and Granger, were condemned to
two years imprisonment, a tine of 300 francs, and five years
surveillance. Corisdat to three year.; imprisonment, a tine of
500 francs, &c. Marquat, Gervais, Peraud, and Coindre, to
five years imprisonment, a fine of 1000 francs, and 10 years
surveillance. The rest, including: Madame Lavalette, and
Joannon, have been acqui..ted.
. _

- . -
[The Gazrite de France, however, says that Madame La-
valette and the others were condemned to Ave years imprison-
ment.]
In the district of Avalon in France, a young girl, seventeen
years of age, was carried off on the oth of la,t month by se.
veral wolves. Some persons, assembled by the cries of the
unfortunate girl, quickly went in pursuit of them, and had
the good fortune to come up with them and make them aban-
don their prey. On the same day, and in the same phe e, a
child of seven years was also carried off, and some remains of
the dead body were found at a short distance. We have
learned that in the space of a fortnight. twelve of these few.
eious animals have been destroyed by the inhabitants of the
country by ineaus of poknit and pat tial ()awes, in the places
where they had exercised their greatest ravages.

SPAIN.
TRANSTATIOV UP A LETTED DATTD CADIZ, OCT. 20.

"The saki, which governs the politics of the English
journal, the ' Morning Chronicle,' on the subject of Spanish
American affairs, seems to us equally incongruous and in-
compat aside with those principles of liberty and independ-
ence' which it profisses to admire, while it is ever ready to
attack the slightest deviation from the most simple maxims
of national decorum, or the dignity of Governments. It Is
evident that the overstrained emphasis, which all evolution-
ists actually confer on the misapplied terms, ' liberty:lnd in•
dependence,' often occasions the inconsistencies in which
they insult e themselves. It is impossible that ally Govern-
ment, which is nut independent in its own interior and to.
reign relations, can render a nation so ; nor can the degrada-
tion, slavery, or subjection of Gus ninents constitute the
happiness of the people. The' Morning Chronicle' has main-
tained a doctrine, that the • Spanish Americans have a tight
to emancipate themselves.' It has advised the British nation
to assist this emancipation, and has treated any interference
of the British Ministers to impede the revolution of the Spa-
nish colonies as criminal. In the Spanish eovereinent it
must be considered equally wise and neoessary, under exist-
ing eircninstaiires, to have solicited the interference of Great
Ilr;taill. The disappointment which the court of Spain met,
is its appeal to the Court of St. James's, naturally led to the
measure if seeking assistance (lent Russia, as a powerful em-
pire, capable of bringing -this important object to a speedy
and final termination. These politic proceedings, so hostile
to the views and wishes orate Morning Chronicle,' has creat-
ed fresh cavils and egregious errors in the heated and wan-
dering imagination of its editor, whose political optics seem to
discover a confederacy between Spain and Russia to over-
throw the British nation I With what abinirdies does the •
Chronicle abound. One might imagine that a Russian force,:
panted to the 'Minister of Ferdinand VII. was destined to'
Wolin', and to circumscribe the British Empire within such.
limits as Buonaparte proposed, by his Continental system,
could we rely upon the discernment, the judgment, or the
intelligence of the ' Morning Chronicle,* From such autho-
rity we learn, that the Spanish Minister has bartered the is-
land of Minorca for an honorary distinction; and the Califor-
nias fur a riband ! ! The character of' this Minister, to whoms

the pages of the • Chronicle' seem to ascribe the mostimpar-k
donable weakness is well known in Spain, where he has given.
the most incontrovertible proofs, that he is not ambitious of
any honour, favour, or distinction, derogatory to the inde-
pendence, credit, and welfare of his country, or the dignity
of his sovereign. To the Editor of the' Chronicle, it appears
necessary' that a change of system in the Court of Spain should
procure for the Spanish Minister the honours which the au.
gust Sovereign of Russia has conferred upon him! But no
such alteration was, iii fact, requisite, an intimate union hav-
ing previously existed between Russia and Spain, which re-
cent circumstances have (doubtless) rendered more conspicu-
ous and more solid. it is now understood, that our Sovereign
has fully inahitaiiied his own and the nation's dignity ; that
his Majesty has acceded to the grand compact of the Con-
gress at Vienna, and to the Holy alliance. It is also known,
that the great Powers of Europe have agreed to oppose those
usurpations meditated against one part of his Majesty's vast
dominions and we may boldly and correctly declare, that
our King has appeared, in the great political world, with the
lustre and dignity which becomes the sceptre with which
Divine ProriJenee has blessed him. 'flue factious have
been repressed, and the peace of his people preserved, by
measures equally tit in and benignant. The proinoteis of
anarchy may cony tto enjoy an mill intro! apotheosis in
the pages of the' Chronicle,' althongli deprived of the power
to interrupt the harmony of the nation. Our beloved Mo-

THE NATIONAL RgOISTEit:

ouch has confirmed a system of revenue, which meets and
merits the blessings of his subjects, while it annihilates the
hopes ?I,lacobins, who only triumph to public distress and
hnam caul perplexity. By the wise and beneficent'decrees which
his Majesty has established, the °patent island of Cuba will
be regenerated; and we owe our gratitude and blessings to
his Majesty for having given to Spain a Queen, who is
real ornament to his throne, and a treasure to his kingdom.
On the virtues of her Majesty, all moral Spaniards dwell with
pride and satisfaction ; and triumph in the birth of an infant,
whose prospect of future glory as a Sovereign is the present
glory of his country. Is it unreasonable or unnatural that the
actions and the circumstances of the Spanish Court should
beget the friendship of its Alliesslud the attachment of good
people ? This foreign friendship, idd these domestic com-
forts, excite the enmity of the Chronicle' editor, who, (io his
melancholy foresight, and political 'jaindice) is eternally ex-
claiming against the existing connexion between Russia and
Spain, and forcing upon his readers his own sublime doctrine,
that England should monopolize the friendship or guardian
ship of Spain, and prescribe such limits to our territory, our
• commerce. our power, and our freedem, as would produce
the abscission of Spanish America from the sovereignty of
Spain!' Blind, indeed, must that reader be, who dues nut
perceive the real object of the' Morning Chronicle.' Its aim
is to encourage the revolution of South America, to foment
discord among the people of Spain, to disunite those powers
which have engaged and are anxious to maintain the peace of
the world, and to mislead the opinions of the English, that
party spirit may obstruct the views of the British Cabinet,
which must, naturally, be favourable to the cause of his Ca-
tholic Majesty, and inimical to a restless and inflammatory
spirit # rebellion, too likely to threaten the flame emanci-
pation of the remaining Banish colonies, should success attend
the efforts of those Englishmen who now lend their aid to the
insurgents of Spanish America. In Spoilt, and throughout
the Continent of Europe, we feel disposed to consider the
Morning Chronicle' as the Archiinage, or the Chief Magi.
clan of Discord, under whose fintering wings Revehoi )))) isis
may long enjoy the solace of pity and unfruitful encourage-
ment, without any of Ilse substanttal advantages of success."
