,
and io

• SS.
AL REGISTER

human eventmetitich most piggicaliarly claimdthe at-
tention of piditi6lims and philosophers.
On the following day the Provisional Junta of the
Government was installed with the greatest splen-
hiour and lemnity, when they took the oath This
memorablliFday was solemnised Irkke the preceding
fly repeated winos, salutes, and illuminations. Slink
Jar rejoicings took place on the following day cm the
installation of the Regency of the empire named by
the Provisional Junta, until the Cortes aigmble and
occupy the throne our desired Emp&ir, in con-
formity with the treaty of Cordova, which has been
sworn to bigicke different corporittions, and conse-
quently by the public voice of the nation, which has
recognised the merit of the personas% ho compose the
Supreille Junta of time Government and Regency of
the Mexican empire..*
LIST OP THE XEMIIF.RS C4OSEN IV THE GENERAL IN.
CHIEF OF THE ARMY 'I'O courose THE SUPREME
JUNTA OP THE GOVERNMENT. UNTIL THE MEETING.
Or THE CORTES.
Antonio Joaqtlin Perez, Bishop of La Puebla de los Angeles.
Mariano de Almanza. Councillor of State.
Juan O'Donoju, Lieutenant General of the National Armies,
Grand Cross of the Orders of Charles 111. and San Het menegildo.
Captain Genital awl Political Chief of the Kingdom, to enter
into the Junta as soon as his public representation by the said
employments shall cease.
r. Manuel Ruiz de le Barcena, Archdeacon of the Cathedral of
Mattes Monteagudo, Rector of the University, and Canon of
the Metropolitan Church.
.. Isidro Yanex„iindge of the Audiencia of Mexico.
Juan FnuictsusAzearate, Advocate.
Juan Jose It spinout de los Montano. Advocate.
Jose Maria Fagoga, Honorary Judge of the Tenitm. Au-
diencia.
Miguel Guride y A lamer, Curate of the church of thi,Sagrario
of Mexico.
.„
Francisco Sitteroas Maldonado. Advocate..
tguel Cervantes y Velasco' Marquis de Saliratierra.
Manual de Heras Soto, Count de Casa de Heras, a retired
Lieutenant Colonel.
Juan Lobo. ibrinerly Regidor of Vera Cruz.
Francisco Manuel bunches de Tagle. Rq.,,idor of the Arun's-
miento, and Secretary to the Ausdetuy o. San Carlos.
Antonio Giulia. Advocate.
Jose Sartori°, Priest.
Don Alanuel Velasquez de Leon, Honorary Intendant of the
Province.

Manuel Mantes Arguelles.
Manuel Sotarriva. Brigadier of the Natllgal Armies.
June Mariano Zodeneta, Marquis de S..fuan de Mayas.
Ignacio Garcia Blume, Advocate.
Jose Domingo Mir, .ludge or the Audience of Guadalazara.
Jose Maria Ilustaniente, reured Lieutenant Colonel.
Jose Maria Cervantes y Velasco. retired Colonel.
Juan Maria Cerysntes y Padilla, the same.
Jose Manuel Velbquea de Is cadenn, retiretl Capta
Juan Horlorgoso, Co.ottel of Lha National Army.
*kolas Ciminero, retired Lieutenant Colonel.
Pedro Jose Romero dc Tetreros, Marquis de San Christivallif
Jose Maria Echevers Valdivisco, Marquis San Miguel de
Aguayo.
Manuel Martinez Mansilla.Judge of the Audiencia of Mexico.
Juan Jose Guttman, Advocate.
Rafael Suarez Pereda, the same.
Jose Muria Jauregui, the same.
Anastasio Bustaniantc, Colonel.
Dr. Isidro Ignacio lease.
Miguel Sanchez Enc•sco, Licentiate.
Illacubaya, Sept. 4, Ital. JOSE

IMINGUEZ.

MEMBERS or THE REGENCY.
President, his Excellency Senor D. Agustin de !turbid,.
Senor D. Juan O'Doonju.
Dr. D. Manuel flaus de la Berms.
SLIM D. I ids° Varier:-
Senor D. Manuel Velasquen de Leon,

PROCLAMATION. •
TUE FIRST CRIES' or TM!: IMYERTAL ARMY.
Mt:RICANS !—Yuu are now in a situatiun to proclaim the
country indesiendent, as I announced to you in foal& Already
is the immense space which separates slavery from liberty pasted
over, and motion is given to the different springs whereby ever
American may speak his private opinion, because the filar which
restrained some ssclissipsted, the malice which warialsidshastyl
ment of others is moderated, and the ideas of all
and I find myself in the capital of Chit most opulent empire,
%amut having left behind streenu of blood, ravaged plains, dis-
consolate widow., or orphan ebildren,seveting with execrations
the assassin of their father.. On the .connary, the principal
provinces of this kingdom bare been examined, and all, uniform
in their rejoicings, address expressive salutations to the Tn.
guarantee Army, and vows of gratitude to Heaven. These de-
, ministrations give my heart an ineffable pleasure, and more
than compensate the sufrerings and privations of the soldiers,
who have always been active, steady, and courageous. You al
ready know what it is to be free, and you arc on the point of
knowing what is to be happy. The Junta will be installed. the
Cortes assembled, and the taw, on which your felicity depends,
will be sanctioned. I exhort you to torget the words of alarm,
and threats lof extermination, and to pronounce only those of
union and intimate friendship. Contribute by your knowledge
to the grand code ; hut avoid satire and malignant slander,—
Obedient to authority, you will complete, in concert with the
sovereign Congress, the gland wink which you have commenced
—and allow nie to cast a brisk behind me to oliserv, attentively the
picture wine i Provitteitee has traced, anti which American wir•
dom is about to till up. If my labours (due to the country) be
considered by you worthy of recompense, all I tisk is, that you
respect the laws, that you allow Ms: to return to the bosom of my
beloved family, and that you sometimes recollect your found
Mexico, sept. 27. !TUMOUR.

The Parliamentary Commission which lately se
in Dublin, means to recommend that the Union
shall be carried into complete effect by the removal
of the commercial restrictions between the two
countrias now in three, and, equalising the duties.
It considers the present machinery of the public
offices in Ireland on a scale much too large and die-
proportioned to the revenue, and means to recom-
mend a great reduction in the number of clerks,
the amount of salaries, and other means of economy
and retrenchment.
Two or three years ago, a gentleman from the
neighbourhood of Leeds lost a valuable gold %etch,
and its appendages, wheu shooting on the Moors;
this year it was fmind, little worse from its long
exposure to the eapicc of t,bt seasons.

~.

r,'" '

-

V'
a, f

~~, ~.
.•~

.6
.4 •

r '

I

.„,t(AULRICAN PAPERS.
An article not worth extracting from the RIM. •
cola Floriffea, says that Gillet Britain and Russia
are in treaty with the King of Spain for the pur-
chase of the kingdom of Mexico, and that the former
power had offered 15,000,0001. styling. Whether
the.purchase is to be made in co-partataships, or the
powers are bidding agigust each other, we are not
informed, although we are told that the deputies of
New Spain had protested against the measure, and
had transmitted ,the intelligence toYera Cala
We only notice Ms foolish story tailipress our sur-
prise that it should be thought deserapsg of pie-
rency. If either of the great Powers of burtipe
thought it practicable at the present day to buy *
nation of 5 or 6,000,000 of souls, without their
consent, what value is it probable they would set
on the conveyance of Ferdinand and the Cortes ?
The Pope's title is quite as good under present cir-
cunistatices, and might be had for a trifle: He once
gave away this continent ; and us the revolutions of
Mexico contend for his supremacy, and that of the
inquisition, they would ptobably, sooner consent
to a transfer *om him than toltsale by their old
Sovereigns in Spain. Is either case, however, the
purchase would be " buying the bear's skin before
he uus caught," and the statesmen of England and
Russia bre rather too cunninolifor that, *hough
they may not be the wisest iii.the world.."--Nete
York Americas.
(From the Cinema Comma. Nov. 234
The following list of vessels lately taken by
Spanish cruisers, and sent into Puerto Cabello for
adjudication, where they have all been condemned,
Wee been furnished to us by a gentleman who was a
Anger on board (Inc of them a—
American brig Rising Stales, Capt Brown, be-
longing to Somerset; Aggrican sloop Lark, Caot.
Gavin, belonging to NeliTtaven ; Danish schooner
•Charks, Capt. Fraticieeos, belonging to St. Thomas :
British cutter Ardeist,7Cals. Siratford, belonging to
St. Thomas. tt
The English brig Ypkigenia' from Angostura to
La"guiru. havi'ig apron,' a leak off St. Croix, was
was obliged to put into St. John's, P.R , where she
was taken posy ion of atubendenmed, probably on
account of her Ti ying a number of passengenron
board intended to be landed at Laguira.
