8 16

ae lasenseatss and pet sesermice ot will, aild an indignant
abitorr,nce, !is weil as contempt for the insulting forms,
the arrangements of modern diplomacy.
lairope is tot lost, as us this spirit and: these
oiptoins continue. The hydra of despotism, and
had lie a; many hands and heads ar his character
is. stained, :volt :atrocities, cannot watch and lacerate
eyerj discontented, geocrous spirit in Europe. It is as-
touistiin:„ !ki Protest,olt and more enlightened dis-
tricts ai sebin;ss;ve an, oletequions, whilst the more
iptor:mt Catholics repugn at slavery. How wit
Liord DON and Mr. PERE EVAL explain this p:le-
-110111. ':or Hat the fact i. so ; and whilst the nor-
th oil ees ,f derinany and Hollt.nd, and the greater
(...!alons oi S itZt'Fialld vent Ines discontent m iaaritculate
initianars, it private, immeaniag, inoffensive execrations;
the peasanir, of Carnivia, Saltznare, the Tyrol and the
smaller Het.— tian Ca:itons, togethe: with the intrepid
Spaaeili peasllitry, meet melt oppressor in the field ; defy
his lezious ; his offers of clemency, and prefer cieath
to &sae -war aad slavery. It may be supposed, becaus
nits a very quaint idea of the comforts of "'is
ne;,;hbours, that Inc) do no' risk much, by incurring the
penaLy and forfeitare attached to ineffectual resistance.
NN'e least dtst,-o) ties delusion. The lower class of people
in the ;•.;oiith Germans are much happier, much more
indeetaideat th..a the same. class in this country. They
have all a nonst., lan.i, saperituity of sustenance, and warm
cent lhiug ; aad, bra'vi!:g the vengeance of a ferocious
tyrant, titer risk. :h.; I ruilian of these advantages.
Whilst they flame is %IT:Acing. out in Carniola, it rages, with
more iwonse vioielice than ever. in Tyrol and the Voral-
bet Toe sabuission of HOFER was never more than a
demonstration ; and we find him once more elicoura6ring
his coital. .n rt.s!st he invasive of the French ; employ-
ing tl-se laag nage of passioii,sentiment, reason, and experience
to iiidace them !o reject the serpentine embraces of an exe-
crable Jed insidious tyrant, who has left them no alterna-
tive n between slavery and destruction. Their example
seems lo have roused the pristine virtue of the Swiss; or,
at least excited considerable apprehensions in BUONAPARTI.:
that it may produce this effect.—The last accounts from
c,ofitititat inforisi tit's that a numerous division of the
French had entered Schaff-muse:l; and their presence ex-
cited great fermeination .in the minds of tho ithabitants.
Another division was expeaed to penetrate into the smaller
cantons. These measures of precautionary rigour are pre-
sumptive woofs that the abhorrence of the kreuch is likely
to excite hi'Switzerland the same hienseiless of feeling and
resolution, it has already created in the neighbouring Tyrol.
These demonstrations, together with his views on Turkey,
and his jealausy of Austria, will not allow BtIONAP A RTE to
withdraw a soldier from Germany. Spain will obtain a res-
pite; and we still hope that Austria may take advantage
of thisyropitiouskincture. This is a happy moment, for
an ardent, enterprising spirit on the continent. The name
of an insurgent, warn despotism crushes every noble feel-
ing, and Lramples upon ;mai:enable rights, is the most sa-
cred, the most eniloblitli; hi the vocabulary of honourable
dlstinetioes. It was h.. tely the age Of thinking and of lite-
rary emulation in Germany. It would he easy to convert
that spirit ;nto the fornu.otatioll of action. That country
from the Baltic to the guiph of Trieste aboends with cha-
racters, eioliti:iiasCr, and Ciii cprising. Their literature is
full of strong iinage.i, and delights in the extraordinary.
Tios in;aes of the pre ;eat generation are thus impregnated
and familiar with daeing conceptions. 4 man, combining
will with hi_eirt, genii's ;vitt' coura;,e ; controuliug the affec-
tions, e,mployiiiv; the sympathies ; speaking to his folloaers.
as men formed for a nigher destiny, than to he bartered
m} rinds, hetween some wretched conteinpti!!le intriguers—
that inali•would s',on crumble the colticats of despotism.
At the voice of Heaven horn freedom, tii6 temple and the
silieuon would dis-ppear ; subordinate idols start from
liehr niches, and be retransinuted into their coutemptible,

DEC: 24.

original forms. This would be-a blessed manifestaGa,i. If
the missioaary appear, there are millions ready to embrace
his doctrine. Tlie focus ofthis insurrectional spirit are the
mountains of Switzerland, Tyrol, Saltzburg. The flame
will serve as a signal from the summit of these lofty hills,
to inform the neighbouring districts of the hour of deli-
verance.

--f-

The men, who were capable of planing and executing
the . Expedition to Expedition which be-
trayed poverty of intellect, anu c•eling,—are capable of
every art within the range of human fo:ly and insolence.
Thcse men advised their Sovere:gn to return an answer to
the City Acidrels, which might have been as well applied
to the object of the Persian Embassy, as to that of the City
deputation. Not a single grievance was touched upon,
The least offensive parts of the Address were culled ; and
even to those the Ministers of the Crown evaded a direct
reply. How much the miserable interests of those men
must sepersede the respect they owe their master; how
versed in petty intrigue, how familiar with evasion, must
)i-,ey be, to frame a similar answer 1 The object of the
Expedition, we are now told, has been in part successful.
Where ? when ? and how ?—lf defeat, disgrace, and pes-.
Bence, were objects which the framers of the en-
terprize have in view, this answer might be relevant. But
if the honour of the country, a diversion in favour of the
Allies, and injury to the enemy, were to he promoted by
the armament to the Scheldt, nothing could be more im-
pertinent. To a people, as well as to individuals, unaccus-
tomed to disgrace, the very shadow of dishonour is repul-
sive; but repeated disappointments render them incapable
of resentment; and, on this supposition, Ministers thought
theY might insult the public with impunity. But a reliance
on this principle may lead them too far; for there is a
boundary to patience; and even the ass will kick when
goaded to excess. If Governmenti had skill enough
to consult their real interests • they would promote, and
not repress, the sensibility of the public for apathy in that
quarter precludes all prospect of safety, when the country
happens to be assailed by extraordinary dangers. The
acts of the present administration, at home and, abroad,
have been calculated to disgust and alienate. The
feature of their foreign policy is strongly marked
by a sentiment delivered by Lord COCKAAIVE--•." Oa
witnessing the impotence and tardiness of our interference,
1 have been sometimes ashamed of my country." Their
conduct at home has been such, that they have completely
succeeded, if that has been their design, to undermine
those attachments, without which Government depends
upon every (rust, or accident. The answer to the City
Address has left nothing to accomplish in this hopeful
project.

The latest accounts from Spain attempt to extenuate thq
defeat sustained by the Spaniards at Ocana. Two-thirds
of the army are represented to have rallied in La Mancha,
where 42,000 men were already collected, to the command
of which ROMANA was appointed. The most sanguine
expectations were entertained of his activity and judg-
ment ; and little or no apprehension was felt, for the pre-
sent, for the safety of the southern provinces. R•OMANA
took with him a reinforcement of 12,000 men; 4nd every
exertion was making by the Supreme Junta to retrieve th 4
fate disaster.

'The following trait may serve to illustrate the future
policy of the French in that country; and is a flagitious
instance of military despotism. KELLEe44N, in a Procla-
mation to the inhabitants of the districts of Salamanca,
Ztrnora, Toro, Leon, Placentia, Burgos, Guipuscua, and
Maya, places in requisition all the horses and mules, of the
height of four feet four inches, French mcapre, " in arder
to multiply the resources of the army of his Imperial Ma-
jesty ; and to deprive the rebels and traitors of the means of
procuring animals to accomplish their atrocious cicsigus.l

DEC. St.

TO effect the same bt nign purpose, this humane Officer,
this worthy agent of BUIINAPARTE, orders teat all the
horses under that size sh:-Aild have their let eye put out,
and re,dered by othA. i.eans unfit for military service by
the proprietors theinsel% os. Mares pregnant for more
than three moilths, and horses ant! mares that are not 30
months old, are likewise coinprised in this sweeping,
atrocious sentence. In case of disobedience, the pro-
prietors are to be tined four times the value of the horses.
Into what a horde of rpffisrs the French soldiery are
converted

The Austrian Courier, who arrived some days ago with
dispatches to Prince STARREMBERG, left town on Thursday
on his return to France. A gentleman attached to the
America': Mission also left town on the same day with dis-
patches for General ARMSTRONG, at Paris. They were
both expected to embark on Friday on board the Elizabeth,
flag of truce, and sail, as the wind was favourable, either
for Calais or 13oufogne.
The Supreme Junta have announced the peace between
France and Austria, in an Addres to the Spanish Nation.
in this admirable appeal,they lay before their countrymen,
without disguise or reserve, all the dangers and daculties
of their situation. The horrible nature of the war they
will have to support, the enormous force that will be op-
posed to them, and the advantages the enemy possegi, are
fully acknowledged. At the same time, they shew, by
examples from ancient and modern history, as well as
from the nature of the country, and the habits of the peo-
ple, that they must ultimately triumph by perseverance.
• Of the three missing East India ships, the Experiment,
Glory, and Lord Nelson, are considered lost : the Glory,
Captain H. BeevOr, is supposed to gave gone to the bot- ,
tom. On the 22d. November, MS, she was seen by the
Phoenix lndiaman, in a tremendous gale in the Indian
ocea::. In the afternoon of the above day, between four
and five o'clock, the phoenix being thea at no great dis-
tance front the Glory, observed that she was settling fast
in the water; and while the Phcenix's crew were below
deck at the pumps, in Half an hour the Glory disappeared.
On Saturday a boat going from the shore to some wreck
at Lowestoffe, was upset in the attempt to get oft'; all the
men were under it, and, in all probability, would have
perished, had not a wave again raised the boat, and en-
abled those who were beneath it to employ means to assist
themselves, and to receive help from others. One of the
men would inevitably have been lost, had it not been for a
Newfoundland dog, which saw him at, a distance from all
human aid, swam to him, seized him by the hair, and never
left his hold till the man was safe, though .both the dog and
man w ere frequently buried under the waves. This is the
second instance in which the same dog has preserved the
life of a human being. He belongs to Mr. Kept!, of
jiowestoffe.
The Ri•yal Family, and Ladies and Gentlemen of Distinction
and Fashion, n Russia Oil, for moistening the hair- w ten dress-
ing, which is so great a nourislicr of tbe hair as to pr,e%ent its
turning grey to all periods; promotes the growth, and makes
tile hair grow thick and long; prevents its falling off, and re-
stores it on bald plaices. Ladies and Gentlemen who wear false
bait will Lind the Russia Oil a valuable article to use when
dressing, as it gives it a natural glow. It is generally remarked
that persons wearing false hair, after a short lime wearing, it
becomes dry and still', and is easily discovered; by using the
Russia Oil it prevents its being discovered, as it keeps the hair
raft, and renders its appearance natural. Observe the label on
the outside wrapper of each bottle is signed in Russian gold ink,
" Mochrikufsky and Prince ;" any without that signature are
counterfeits. Price 7s. per bottle, or one bottie containing focr
small, at one guinea, or si IC guinea bottles at ti'e pounds.—Sold
wholesale and retail by the Proprietor, A. Prince, No. 9, John-
street, Oxford-street ; and, by appobibnent, Mr. Smith, Per •
fumer to her Majesty, Boad-street ; llesairie and Sims, Perfu-
mers to her Majesty, Tichborne-street; and by most of the
principal perfumers or medicine venders in Lnzlaud, Ireland,
and Scotland.

COURT AND WORLD OF FASIIIO.Ir.

Wednesday, about half past twelve o'clock, his Majesty
arrived at the Queen's Palace, from Windsor, where he was
received by the Dukes of Kent and Cumberland,
His Majesty, after having received the Credentials of the
Persian Ambassador, next . received th, Address of the
Corporation of London.
TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:
The Humble, Loyal, and Dutiful ADDRESS and PETITION of
the LORD MAYOR, ALDERMEN, and COMMONS, of the
City of London, in Common Council assembled :
MOST GRACIOUS SOVEREIGN,
" We, your Majesty's most faithful, loyal, and dutiful sub.
jests, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of
London in Common Council assembled, must humbly approach
your Majesty's sacred person, in the perfect assurance that your
Majesty will graciously condescend to receive the suggestions of
your faithful and loyal Citizens, on subjects which seriously and
deeply affect their interests in common with the rest of your
Majesty's people.
" We have witnessed with deep regret the disastrous failure
of the late Expedition, as the magnitude of its equipment had
raised the just hopes and expectations of the Country to some
permanent benefit.
" And we cannot avoid expressing to your Majesty the sor-
row and indignation with which we are affected, by the unhappy
dissensions that have prevailed among your Majesty's Ministers;
and our fears that such dissensions may prove eminently preju-
dicial to the best interests of the Nation.
Your Majesty's faithful Citizens actuated by loyal attach-
ment to your sacred person and illustrious house, and solicitous
for the honour of your Majesty's arms, and the dignity and so-
lidity of your Majesty's Councils, are deeply impressed with the
necessity of an early and strict enquiry into the causes of the fai-
lure of the late Expedition; therefore pray your Majesty will
direct enquiry to be forthwith instituted, in order to ascertain
the causes which have occasioned it."

lIIS MAJESTY'S ANSWER.
" I thank you for your expressions of duty and attachment
to me and to my Family.
66 The recent Expedition to the Scheldt was directed to seve-
ral objects of great importance to the interest of my Allies, and
to the security of my dominions.
" I regret that, of these objects, a part only has been accom-
plished. I have not judged it to be necessary to direct any Mi-
litary Inquiry into the conduct of my Commanders by sea or .
land, in this conjoint service.
" It will be for my-Parliament, in their wisdom, to ask for
such information, or to take such measures upon this subject as
they shall judge most conducive to the public good."

The Address was read by the Recorder, and his Majesty's
Answer by Mr. alder, the Secret:ay of State for the Home
Department.
The procession
_ on this occasion was composed of the
Right Honourable the L:: rd Mayor, Reeoider, Aldermen
Anyley and Gooilbelp!re, Sheriff's Wood and Atkins, the
Common Serjealit, tLe Town tiierk, Mr. Waithnian, and
about sixty Common Council:rpm.
The Lord l'%layor and Mr. Wiiithinan received three hnz.
zas from the spectators both on entering and leaving the
Palace.

- - His Majesty held a Privy Council, at which Lord Shef-
field and the Hon. Henry Wellesley were introduced, and
sworn in Members, and took their scats at the Right Hon-
ourable board accordingly.
Ws Majesty also held a Council to receive the Recorder
of London's report of the convicts capitally convicted the
last Sessions but one in the Old Bailey ; w hen, we under-
stand, his Majesty was graciously pleased to respite them
all during his Royal pleasure.
