SEPT .5.

THE NATIONAL

On 'the 13th July, were in Valentin, the celebrated Englishman,
Tupp'er, Lod Bentiock, the Admiral of the squadron Hallowell, Gene-
rals Roche and Wittiughani, Clinton, Alackenz e, Latorre, Sorest, the
brother of the General in Chief, Beminck ; and from the 6th, Spanish
and English troops had not ceased arrieiog.
We I,kewise positively know 0 at Mtn vi...dro is defendA by.1,3C0 of
the enemy, and 70 pieces of mounted artillevy ; and that on the 13th,
two Spanish divi,ioni marched front Valentia to cut off their communi-
cations and water. They have provisions for two years, hut will be
obliged to submit t) the laws which the Spanish troops of the second
army, who are those destined to form the siege. shall dictate to them.
The same must be the fate of the garrisons of Dcnia and Yenisei)la and
31

On the Ifith, an Enpikli division left Valentia. We are ignorant of
it, destination. 'I ha promOitude with which conveyances were fur-
rikshed, was worthy of admisation The Doke del Parque remained in
Valenfia, preparini, for new and interesting operations.
The Regency of Spain, using the powers given them by the Cortes,
fixod np.,tt the li,nd called Soto de Roma, situated in Viega de Grenada.
to give the (;seat Lent. Tne Cortes not only approved cf this choke,
but added to it by including the land of Chanchinas, with the clause of
its bt ing for him and his heirs, according to the constitution and laws.

War now rages in all its horrors, and the scale of hostili-
ties embraces all the nations of Europe. Every people has
sent its combatants to tl►e field, and the whole military force
of the Continent is divided into two portions, the one fight-
ing for NAPCL cox under the banners of slavery, the other
with the Allied Sovereigns under the standard of freedom.
With the first opeptions of the armies we are still but
little acquainted. Our only information comes through
France, and it is given in too scanty a manner to enable
us to form a clear and correct opinion. It is chiefly con-
tained in a letter from BUON APA RT CS Secretary of State
(Count Da au), who, finding that his master " was too
much occupied to write," informs the French public that
the allied army, which was in Silesia, bas been bcatcn
and repulsed to a distance ; that the debooches from Bohemia
have been cccupied and fortified, (and yet they have not
dared to avow that Austria had declared war, what must the
Parisians think of such precautions?) and that the armies
•that were manoeuvring towards Brandenburg must, on the
24th ult., have entered Berlin, from whence DavotrsT's
force, united with the Danes, was supposed to be only within
a few marches. As to NAPOLEON, be was sometimes on
the banks of the Bober, then amidst the Bohemian defiles,
and afterwards acting on the Elbe, probably against the
CROWN PRINCE'S army, which extended from the ground
opposite Alagdeburg, in a nearly straight line through
Spandau aid Berlin to the shores of the Baltic. The
French Papers furnish a few additional pat ticulars.
consisting however chiefly of dates. They state,
that it was on the 19th NAPOLEON attacked the
Allies and drove them fiolll Gabel, and on the 21st
across the Bober. They also describe DAvous•t•'s advance,
which, on the 22d, had not passed beyond Mastof. From all
these statements it appears, that on almost every point the
Allies have been the assailants. The Bober flowed within
the line of demarkation occupied by the French during the
armistice; had they not fallen back before the renewal of hos•
tilities, (probably on account of the demonstratient in Bo-
hemia) and had not BLUCHER'S army followed them, their
first operations would have been on the banks of the Oder
and not on those of the Bober. That their superiority or num-
bers may have compelled BLUCIIER to retrograde, is not un-
likely, and that they have claimed a victory in consequence
of his falling back is still less so. But it is evident
that no great advantage was gained, for BUONA P A RTE
would have found time to blazon it forth himself to the
wot Id, and that even. the little he may have obtained, he
has not been able to follow up, since be was compelled to
quit the Bober, to manoeuvre against BERNADOTTE on the

569

Elbe. He now finds himself in a situation, to him, entirely
new, and not unlike that of FREDERICK the G ::A To Wlall
%viten at war with all his neighbours, was frequently obligeal,
after giving battle, to travel a hundred miles to fight :an-
other the next day with another army. Hitherto Natoo-
L EON has overpowered his enemies by pressing with all his
force on a particular point, which he was sure of 'carryings
He then continued to advance, regardless of the wings
of his enemy, which, to prevent being intercepted, gene-
rally followed the movement of the centre, and retreat-
ed with equal rapidity. Had they remained and closed its.
his • rear, he would have himself been entirely cut off, and
must have speedily endeavoured to fight his way back to the
point .from whence be had act out, exposed to complete
ruin. This is what happened in his invasion of Russia.
When he pushed the centre of the Russian force behind the
wrecks of Moscow, bad the corps of WITTGENSTEIN and
TCHICHAGOFF, which formed its right and left wings, f 01...
lowed up its retrograde movement to maintain their communi-
cations, Russia would have been conquered, and the freedoms
of Europe lost. But they remained wisely at their post.
though 300 rniles.in the rear of their centre, until they re-
ceived reinforcements, when they moved close behind the
enemy, who was compelled to brave the horrors of winter.
and expose himself to all the disadvantages of flight, to effect
his retreat, before they had united in his rear, and et? closed
him. within the devastated wilds of Russia. Aware of this
NA ro LEON no longer dares to follow his usual system, wither
will the dispositions of the Allies allow it. Their force is
divided into three bodies equally numerous, and consisti lig of
about 90,000 men each. Of these, the one under the Csiowx
Par rce r, which forms the right of the Allies, extends across
the country from the Baltic, through Berlin to the Elbe,
and threatens the left wing of NAPOLEONS Grand Army,
but is itself menaced on its right flank by the force under
DA VOUST'S command. The second, under General BLIP•
CH ER, occupies the country from the vicinity of Merlin
along the right bank of the Bober to Breslau in Silesia,
and composes the centre of the Allies, connecting
BERN ADOTT es army on its right with that 11/1&1*
BARCLAY. DE Tor.r.v-, which forms the left wino and
is posted at Prague, in Bohemia. From the masterly
disposition of these three armies, BUONA eART E csinnot
bring all his force to bear upon one of them, without
having the two others immediately acting in his rear. He
must therefore content himself with dividing his own in the
same manner, and returning to the ancient system of war-
fare, which reduces him, on every point, to a level in num-
bers with his opponents, and leaves him no other chance of
success than that which be may derive from superiority of
skill or bravery, neither of which, when deprived of all ad-
ventitious :rid, it is probably now in his power to exert.

A report was received last Friday, from off Flushing, of
BUON AP A lITE having been defeated with loss of 10,000 men,
and of grelt desertion having taken place among his troops.
It was brought by the Active cutter. The report was corn.
municated by a fishing boat which came purposely, as the
crew said, out of the Scheldt. Nei'her Bite nor place *as
mentioned where the (Wei: took place—nothing but the re-
port was communicated by ..he fi,hinz-heat. The Active
cutter has, however, sailed again for off Flushing, probably
to procure Ali Cher particars.

There has I, !n no tiring on the Ft.enth coat down to yeg-
tetchy evening; and though this of no evidence of the
Flushing rep.rt being true, it ;It least makes us believe
that ihe enemy had not gained any victory.
When we consider the ignorance in which the Frtnch

rep,:ri being true, it ;it least makes us believe
1, he H
led to that lie enemy had not gained any victory.
n the When we consider the ignorance in which the Frtnch

'have been kept of the battle of Vittoria, and see how success•
fully NAPOLEON contrives to prevent the circulation of in•
telligence in an unfavourable 'nature we rather fear that this
leport is nwrc founded on the wishes of the people, than on
.-any information received flout the seat of war.
The following has been given, as having been published by
SA VA RV, at Paris, on the 28th. But as it is not contained
in the French Papprs,•and its ridiculous statements are not
even supported by DA RCS communication, it was most pro-
bably a. fabrication,
"The Emperor was at Loweriberg on the 21st. He com-
pletely lwaten the Russians and Pi ussians. The Prince of Moskwa
and e'weneral Lautiston had parliciniarly distingui.hed themselves
in this affair. The enemy's troops had suffered much, particularly
Vie corps of lieneral Pngeron, 'composed of five divisions. The
gperations of the campaign were developing themselves with great
rapidity, and much tt, our advantage. it was expected that our
troops would 1w in Main by the 2:id. His Majesty was in the best
health. Prince of fekumlil had readied Sehwerin.
" Paris, Aug. 18, IRIS.
"The enemy's loss is estimated at 17,000 or 118,000 men Of whom
the Prince of Moskwa alone made 2000 prisoners."
Mr. MIL t.s, the Messenger, arrived on Tuesday afternoon
at Lord BAT uutisT's Office with dispatches from Lord
CA T lir.: A RT, CtICIOSITIg, it is stated, an official copy of the
Austriiin Declaration against France. tie also brought two
Swedish Bulletins, by which it appears that the army of the
CROWN PRINCE was concentrated between Berlin and Span-
dau, that the French General Jom TNT had come over to the
_Allies, and that the British force which had been represented
as uselessly sent to garrison Stralsund, was called to the field
to act under that Commander conjointly with the Swedes,
Russians, and Prussians, who compose his army.
An Altona Paper, received by the Heligoland Mail, con-
tains a recent Order, issued at Hamburgh by the French
Governor, against meetings of the inhabitants in the streets.
Alore than four persons stopping to speak together, are to be
4ecmed an unlawful mob, and if they do not disperse in-
stantly, are to he, taken up and shot. But the most infa-
mons and atrocious part of the Decree is that part in which it
is promulgated that " Ladies collecting in the same manner
shall be separated by an armed force ; and,
.for disobedience,
ahall be arrested, whipped with rods, and imprisoned."
The subsequent letter was received on Friday, dated Liver-
pool, Sept. 1 :—" It is said here, that a Gentleman has landed
in Wales, who had arrived from New York, and who states
that the Macedonian and United States frigates, which were
at New London, have been destroyed by the British
squadron. it is also miaow ed, that a person authorised by
the American Government has. landed in Ireland, and has
brought over terms of peace from the Republic, which must
be acceptab?e to this Government."
" We hear that a King's cutter, yesterday morning, stand-
ing into Irvine Bay, fired a gun for a boat .to come out.—
The Commander of the cutter stated, that the President
American frigate had been captured by one of his Majesty's
cruisers."—(Glasgow Courier of Tuesday last.)
The most Beautiful Woman in London may add to her
attraction by purchasing a Share of either of the ,E 20,000.
Prizes (it is not material which) in the Lottery which com-
mences on Friday, the 17th inst.

GHOST STORIES.

Our readers will scarcely believe, that any story so ridiculous as
the re-appeaance of the Right Bon. William Pitt, in this sublunary
world, should have gained credit ; yet so it is. A person of the name
of Francis Murray, formerly eruplo)ed us a constable in taking up
French emigrants, had a demankt fur 301. on the Treasury for expenses.
He asserts, that about eleven months after the public funeral of Mr.
Pitt, la ;net him on horseback, in the London-road, and determined to
from him. Ile was quite sure of the person being Mr.
and 4busep he actually

Piave his money from him. Ile was quite sure
l'Att littt much watching) thiciitellings
