DiviDENDs.

May ?s, J. P. Creaves and Co. King's Arms-yanl, Coleman-street
merchants. at
May 23,.1. Dunkm, Red Cross-street, wine-merchant. at Guildhall.
/4ay 23. D. I*. Marsh and ( o. Reading. hankers. at Guildhall.
Muv 23, W. Hardy and It. Gardiner, Cheapside, merchants, at
Guildhall.
May 14, .1. 11. Rearm, Brooke's-place, Kennington, flour-factor, at
Guildhall.
'May Qs„ .1. Sur?. 1114 h Holborn, haberdasher, at Guildhall.
June 8, It. Stokes, and 11. Hunt, South-street, Finsbury-square, mer-

chants, at Guildhall.
May ?M. W. Ford, Ihrkington, Somerset, =hater, at Guildhall.
May et), J. Grey. Neweastl,s.upon-Tvne. linen-draper. at Guildhall.
May 25. W. Dillies, T. Begbie, and I'. Mackenzie, cum-
factors, at Guildhall.
May 27, M. Del Campo, Tokenhouse-yard. merchant. at Guildlta/1.
May 25, .1. Ashbey, Boastead, Heruitol, farnter, at Gaildhall.
May 11, .1. F. Nunney, Clare-street, victualler. at
May 18. Crockat and A. Platt, Liverpool, merchants, at the King's
Arms, Liverpoid.
May 25, W. Preston, I ,eeds. m erchan t. at "SI rs. Greavet, the I I otel.l"wds.
Jane 7, J. Harwood, Gloucester, grocer, at the Bush-Tavern, BristoL
CERTIFI('ATES, May 25.—W. I AU'S, I:Bingham. Norldlk. horse-
dtalcr—W. Williams, Herefonl, baker—T. 11. Alcoa:. Newport,
tanner—A. Stephenson, Boston, linen-draper—D. Edmunds, Madeley,
IKalop, printer—J. Iklelitr, Lamb's-Ctnalitit-street, merchant—J. I).
Gianelli, Cock-lane, Smitlifithl. plaster of paris manufacturer—G.
Plumley,' St. Nlary-le-l'ort, Bristol, furrier—J. Mtuntlieliael and Co.
Bridgenorth, Salop, carpct-rianufacturent-11. Lowe, Mactlestield,
bat-manure:Amer—W. Higgs. I.,.man-street. Goodman's-Fields—lL
T. Ford. ('rosy, Solmm.4, innkeeper—li. Morgan, Bilston, Stafford,
japanner—G. Hamilton. Wormwood-street, merclarat.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
B. and B. Smith, Bibuin, Stlitiimi, nail-fctors.
J. Ashhorst. itral W. Clarke, Liverpool. grocers.
T. 0. Antlenlon, It. Alois, and .1. Rent, Copthall-court.
F. J. and .1. GledHA. Ilalif;:x, York, worste-spinners.
S. Elliott and A. Palmer. Clore, Stittidk,

J. F. Hamstelle and T. Williams. Pinch-lane. ship-tutents.
G. Strickland and \V. G. Wahnesley. Liverpool. merchants.
H. Knight and Co. Kingston-upn-Therm s, bankers.
M. A. Ho'lge and H. Jones, Barnstaple. Devon, milliners.
T. Macaulay and .1. Houghton, Liverpool.
J. and 11. Guobie, :aid J. Simmons, Fish-street-hill, shoemakers.
V ..1. and C. Sharp. and .1. Burns, Paisley.
W. Stecvens and T. Roberts, St. Philip and Jacob, Gloucester, tobacco-
pipe.tbanufiaturers.
T. Tilley and W. Phillips, Dudley, Worcester, carriers.
J. 11. Hawker and W Darke, St. CoMuth, Cornwall. linen-drapers.
W. Patey anal Co. Three King-court, Lombard-street, perfumers.
W. Manning and Co. London. merchants.
S. Winter and J. Hunt, Bristol. brush-makers.

J. Burn and Co. Plymouth. Devon, men:liant.s.
J. Hobson and T. Beprel, Princes-strert, flanover-square, taylors.
T. t and K. and J. Gale, tity-road, oil and rolountien.
D. Davis and Co. Piazza, Covent-Ganlrn. Cotfiai-liome-keepers.

It is said. that an embassy will soon s,•t out from
S ockhol, ; to solicit the hand of a Princess at a great
G:rmal Court, for Oscar, the son of the Crown Prince
GPSwellei,. The article which contains this MIL
sp..ak, though vaguely, of the death o: the King of

..,..,.

lON 11)0N :
MOND.II; MAI G.

_~_

WP hare reeeied the Puris Papers of Weanesilay last,
from which the following are a few extracts:—

" s tits. Mvvl. -- The King. having visited St. (gond yes-
terday, returned by the way of Malniaimin, where there were
relays fin- his vairhige. Thr pirfietts of the chateau pre-
sented his Nllaje,ty with sonic very rare cantle flowers. The
King graciously accepted them, and wade the gardener a
present.

" The balloon in which nselemoiselle Elytut Garnerin
ascended fell at the village of Jarer, six lea.ttes from Paris,
about SCV4.II in the vet wing. Mademoiselle Garnerin, after
rising to height of 2,500 Mises, dt•secated with her para-
chute at Serene. 'rue wronant experienced all the effects
which so :rcat a heitlit generally produces; as cold, an op-
pression of the breast very difficult to support ; a feebleness of
articulation which reduced the voice to a sliglit whisper; and
finally, the swelling and rupture of some vs t the vessels of the
mouth.

" A letter from Vienna, speaking of the arcaneentents metle
with Bavaria, sayt,, " Politicians observe with pleasure, that
there is now no I ' tof contact between .tetstrtia and France ;
eirenmstancewhieli gives reason to hope that these two powers
will remain lofg at peace.

" Williama, the famous English deserter, who for years had
loom' refuge with the Sieur Ilarbazan, in the Isle .lourdain, has,
according to accounts from Aoeh,at length been arrested. The
prodigious strength and violent character of this man had ren-
dcied him the terror of all the p. ;omits and servants in the can-
ton. M. Barbatan was the only person who could controul
him. His terrible strength was particularly displayed when
be was intoxicated. Nothing could resist his efforts. He then
twisted bars of iron as if they were twi witha blow of his
fist be broke through partitions ; and wiA tin other help than
his lingers tore out the tau get nails. In .me of his tits, he oily
day took ep a servant by the middle of the body, rail with him
to the distance of 50 paces, and threw hint over a wall 20 feet
high, on the other side of which a small river flow ed. Happily
some trees broke the fall Of the new I.yeus, who got off with no
other harm than a great fright. The Prefect has, on the appli-
cation of the Mayor,ortlcred hint to be conducted from brigade
to brigade, nntil be be lodged in Toulon.
•• French Funds-sper Cents., 57 2-10ths;Bank Actions,lo6o."

The King has prorogued the Session of the two Cham-
bers to the Ist of Oct, Previous to the rending of the
Royal Ordinance for this purpose in the Chamber of De-
puties, the King's rejection of an article, introduced by
the Chamber into the project of the law upon Ecclesias-
tical Pensions, was officially announced in a letter from
the Secretary of State, Count Vaublanc.
Private letters state, that not only Mina, but several
other Spanish Patriots, have been arrested at Paris at the
request of the Spanish Court.
A Mail from Holland has brought an account of the
opening of the Session of the Second Chamber of the
States General on the 30th ult. but we have not room
ffir particulars.
There was n great fire in Constantinople about the lat-
ter end of February, in which the Grand Vizier and the
Captain Pucha nearly perished. They got upon the top
of a house to direct measures for extinguishing the flames,
and the roof of the house fell in with them; but they
escaped with their lives.
By Papers from Brussels we learn, that the Duke of
Wellington was there on the 29th ult. when he visited
the military hospital, where arc still some English, Ha-
noverian, and Prussian soldiers, relics of the battle of
Waterloo, who were cheered by this kind attention of their
Commander.

The Go.:ette of Amu, April .(20, has the following ar-
ticle :—" Letters from Home my, that the AmbasAdor
of the King of the Netherlands has received a very un-
satisfactory answer to the complaints which he had made
to the Pope concerning the behaviour of the Belgian
Bishops. The Pope declared, that the toleration of seve-
ral religions is contrary to the principles af the Catholic
Church.

777

MAY a.

The (ierneat Papers contain- a cp.hals atticle respect-
ing Finland, in:u•rtci, no doubt, nt the rainest of some
Rtmian ova, in which the improtrement the province
has undergone since its annexation to Russia, is painted
in very glowing coloais. The inhabitants are represmt-
ed as not only contented with their present eonditioni,
but unwilling, were the choice giTen to them„to revert
to their former relations witi► Sweden. The tuxes
levied on the inhabitants are consumed in the province,
and applied to the et.nstructiou e canals, roads, and
strengthening theilii►rtresssNs, particularly that of Swett-
burg, width, notwithstanding in.:great strength, is to
rece►ve many additional works. The article then con-
cludes with a %tish that the lkilcs nifty see, in thiP im-
proved and contented situation of :Finland, a pitlttre of
the advantages which they will derive from being subject
to the Russian sceptre.

An article from Frani:Ent contains inflsrmation to
interest our commercial Readers. The English white
gvxxls continue to he in great demand, in consequence, it
is said, of their superior goodness and cheapness; but the
Swiss printed cottons are stated to be more sought after
than the 4iritish, un account "of the saner hale'. Ilse
path-rm." Even 'Saxon goods of this description aro
said to excel ours.

A Letter from an Meer in torß Exmouth's fleet, (lewd
the tltith ult. states, that it was it/tended the fleet should
not leave the station until the Porte Lad acknowledgedour
sovereignty over the lonian Islands ; but this, and some
other negotiations that were on the taPis, it Wes expected
would not detain the ships longer than the first week in
April. The &flowing letter elucidates the contents of the
above :

"GliNo.l. A enft. 12.--" On the 11th, inst. we sent a few
hasty lines to Restraint yon of the arrival hi this port of 11. S.
Calypso, Capt. Srt,l9ol, 1111,1 Algiers, with 51 Genoese and Sar-
dinian subjects, ansminqi from slavery by Lore! "'Amount. It
seems, that his Lordship demanded of the Dey the delivery of
the above slay Cu, 'A 110 were granted to his Lordship on his
propo-
sal to pay SOU hard dollars for each slave ; but a subswgaral,
Treaty of Peace was concluded an the sth iustant, between his
Maie•sty and the Dry of Algiers, through the media-
tion of Lord C. th, in which it is agreed that no tribute is lig
be paid ;and that the subjects of his Sardinian Majesty are to en-
joy the sane• privileges as the British and French in that Re-
peney. His Lordship unguided to sail on the 6th for Timis aull
afterwards for Tripoli, itrlesl probability for the same object.
It is reported, that all the subjects of the Seven Islands that
acre in slavery at Algiers were delivered up without ran-oal,
being under British protection."

The tollow•ing is a copy of a letter .athlressea to S.
Thornton, Esq. Governor of the Russia Company, dated
St. Petcrsburgh, March (April 2) :

" In reference to the letter I had the honour to write to you
the I•tth of March, I beg to mention, for the information
of the Court of Assistants of the Russian Contruiy, that the
Tariff is nut yet pnblished. I must also reqnest of you the fa-
vour to correct that part of the said letter which stated, that
ale was to be permitted to he imported.—l am now assured
that all malt liquors continue prohibited, except English por-
ter. Rum is also prohibited to the let of January, 1819. Fine
broad cloth is to be permitted, except black; coarse and com-
mon cloth continue prohibited. I consider it my duty to trans-
mit, from time to time, such reports on this interesting topic
as appear to be wotthy of credit.—l cannot, however, too
strongly urzy the (hanger of acting upon them ; both on account
of the misinformation on which they may be grounded, and
the liability the whole is under of being changed, until issued
in form from the l)i reeling Senate."

Extract of a letter from Futty Ghur (Upper Province,
Hindustan), dated June 1815 :

•
" I give you the earliest notice of what I think a c..mmercial
opening, which may be beneficial. Our possession of kaniaoau,
which we shall retain, and which cannot be wrested from
us, gives us a tree and communions route (through the vast
ridge of the Ilemlameh :Slontitains) into Tartary. All the
inhabitants in the sicinity of the puss arc delighted at getting
as done to them, the Glioorkahs basing been very bad neigh-
hours indeed. They have explained the trail` which they
carry on. From their statement it appears clear, that there
would be an bomensc market for fine cloth of lisely colours,
coarse wash woollens, and hardware. They have a good dial
of money current among them. and valuable articles (musk,
borax, gum, M..) for batter. In short, we believe that ana
extensive trade might be curried on with much profit in this
new channel."

We regret to state the total loss of the Plurnix frigate
by a hurricane, in the bay of Chime, in the Archipelago ;
but it is a consolation to add, that not a single life was
lost on the untiirtunate occasion.

The Bank of England will continue to receive Bank
dollar tokens at the rote of ss. (id. each, until the Ist of
November next, in sums of not less than eight dollam
The fldlowing extract from the Mercantile Advertiser,
March :29, relates the deruntetion of Sierra-Leone :
" captain Young, of the ship Charlotte, wl u ar.itcif at
Providence on the 22d instant, in I I days from the Isle de Les,
brings a report that, two days before he sailed, a large potty
of blacks front the country attacked Sierra-Leone; that they
were joined by the black troops stationed there.; destroyed
all the buildings, and murdered most of the white inhabitants,
together with several of the British officers. Thu se particulars
were communicated to Captain Young, while gettitg tinder
way at the Isle de Los, by some persons in a boat dirt et fr. m
Baia& shore, opposite Sierral.eoue."

~►r.~ 1 ~.

ti"ftbical
NUIIIIER

r01.U1.1 sl'1.;(1:31A Est LEx.

Perremit-
restia,et in ',vigour diuniriatur nurgibus
.----...imerto.ynt graves ruptiurtrr hialu.
0%. Mer. I. 7. •. 5511.

THERE 'is no class of diseases more calculated to
striize the timid mind with dread and apprehension than
eontagiouslkvers, nor any against which it is more diffi-
cult to guard, when the state of the atmosphere and other
circumstances are favoundsle to their prorogation. The,
chief of these maladies is the plague, of which, however.*
we at present know nothing in this eountrrmore •than
the name. Of its destructive ravages here in final= times
we have abundant testimony, and it may be a cutiOtta
subject of enquiry, to what is owing our long exemption
from its invasion. That the nature of the disease is mi-
t:henget and its virulence unabated, tire have sufficient
pmof, not only adduced by those who have witnessed its
prevalence in other countries, but also contained in vari-
ous public documents. We must therethre attribute our
present safety either to a more strict vigilance employed
now, than in timmeetimes, to prevent 'aito importation of
the infection, or to some change in the public or domestic
state of living 'in the inhabitatos, which would render
the imported infection inefficient to propagate the disease,
or calculated to prevent its erigin here, should sack for-
merly have been the souroe of the disease. Tbat it -is:
owing -to the 'former of 'these two causes, there is some
difficAry in believing. It is hanUy to he imagined, that
the methods best adapted to pretent the importation of
infection should not have been enforced with the greatest
rigour by those generations olio had sufiered the most
severely froth the disease ; and it must be acknowledg,ed
that there must have been a greater fiwility of doing so
in the confined extent of commercial intercourse at that
time compared with the present ; yet all their Mints were
ineffectunl to prevent the occasional introduction of the
disease. It is veryextmordinary, that fin- a considerably
longer period than a century, with such extensive com-
munications with all parts of the world as our increased
commercial transoctiona require, no accident:4 circum-
stance should ever have produced at least the introaction
of infected substances, in spite of the most rigid enact-
ments of quarantine laws. Our personal intercourse
with the regions most infected with plague, leis of late
years been out of all proportion greater than at any cor-
nier period, vet nu interruption to our exemption from the
disease has ever taken place. When in Egypt., our troops
were attacked with the disease ; mid although many hun-
dreds, perhaps thousands,returned from that country,by no
chance did it happen that either theirpersons,theirclothes,
or whatever articles they possessed, ever prookseed a com-
munication of the disease, notwithstanding the Egyptian
Ophthahnia,an infictious eomplaint,was imparted by them.
The immense increase of population also In the metro-
polls is to be taken into the account ; the largest cities
being always most liable to the attack and propagation of
contagious diseases. Prom these and similar filets has
originated an Opinion, that the plague, even if imported
into this country, would not produce the destructive
mortality it formerly did, owing to the many improve-
ments which have taken place in the mode of building,
and in securing more free ventilation, as well as in the
domestic conveniences of living, and that its propagation
might as easily be checked us that of an ordinary fever.
This opinion has been entertained by some of the most
eminent medical characters ; and a confirmation of it,
whilst it should not induce us to relax our precautionary
measures, would at least Aim' great satisfhction to the
philanthropist. An enumeration of some of those changes
which may be supposed to operate in this manner may
not be superfluous. One of the most obvious certainly is,
the mode of building ; the streets of modern date being
much wider, so as to afliml a more free ventilation, and
to prevent a stagnation of find air. Another improve-
ment, perhaps still inure important, is the universal intro-
duction ofatains or common sewers, whichcarry off what-
ever filth might otherwise give rise to infection, or afibrd
facility to its propagation. A considerable source of
dampness or putrid moisture, so favourable to the produc-
tion of fevers, is entirely obviated by the practice of paving
the streets now generally adopted. There is reason also
to believe, that a greater reganl is paid to domestic and
personal cleanlineas, than was the case a few ages back,
and this circumstance must claim a share in the causes
likely to prevent the origin or propagation of disease.
A consideration of these various circumstances, whilst it
is highly interesting. to the Medical Philosopher, will not
be permitted to influence the practitioner; nor would
any measure founded on the affirmative of the proposition
be recommended, unless it were possible to arrive ut a
greater precision of information titan it is at present in
our power to attain. G.

Two fine whole-length portraits of the nukes of
Sussex and Kent. painted Co. the Grand Lodge of Free-
illamins, were placed on Monday in their I at the
Freemasons' Tavern; that of the Royal Grand Master
appears in the costume of an Highland Chief, as Earl of
Inverness. Both these pictures arc highly creditable to
the pencil of Sir %V. Beckley.

'llllr, lIATIONAT, nwanlit

I.l7'Elt.llt 1' 4• SCIENTIFIC INTELLIGENCE.

Several artists and amateurs of different nations, who obtained per-
mission some time ago to search the Temple of Phewalia, dedicated to
Apollo. on 'Mount Cotylus, in Arcadia. were .r• fortimete as to discover
the whole frieze of the interim of the temple. 14 is of marble; 9ti fed
in length, and upwards t•f two feet in height; contains a hundred
figures, in nib refielvf and is little damaged, except from the fall which
it experienced at the tiestruetion of the temple. It exhibits two sub-
jects: ono, consisting of fifty-three ffi.rVres, represents the combat of
the Amazotts with the Hellenians; the other, of forty-seven figures,
the combats of the Centaurs and I.apithw, at the marriage of Pirithous.
The exeeirtion of these works:arid% an evident proof that they belong
to the period when sculpture was at its highest degree of perfection.
.t. lettowfrom Home, dated October 214th, 11415, bays: Thew has
heat found in the Appian Way an ancient sundial drawn on marble,
with the names of the winds in Greek. 9t is exactly calculated for the
meridian of this city."

The King of Naples his ordered the excavations at Pompeii to he
eluitintted. Besides a mosaic pavement, survophagi, fragments of co-
lumns, &e. there has been found a bust of Seneca, inscribed with his
name.

The university of Heidelberg is about to mover this('-eight ancient
manuscripts taken front it in it'd% when the city was plundertil by the
imperial general Tilly. They were sent. are present, by Duke 'laxi-
ntilian of Ilavaria,•to Pope Gregory XV. and coninyed front Heidel-
berg to Rome by that eminent scholar Leo Allathis (Allazzi), who
was a native of the island of ('hie, and studittl in the Greek college at
Rome. Ilfirty-eight of these manuscripts. binning part of soo in the
Vatican, which the l'apal ttovernment ceded-to the French Republic
in were deposited in the National Libriry at Paris; but on the
genertd`restoration of the works of literature and art, of which the
French had rubbed almost every country in Europe. they were claimed
bt the pro-rector of the university of I leidelberg ; and the Pope has
given his consent to their being slimmed to the library of that institu-
tion. Among these manuscripts are the famous Codex Palatines Ma
the Greek Anthology ; several small pieces-4n Geography ; four valu-
able manuscripts of Plutarch's works, anti'several others.
In the course of the late excavations at Pompeii, an ancient bathing-
room was discosttred, in witch werCfbund an A ntonina and an Agrippa,
as large as hie, and of the finest westuanslnp.

Cases in which bleeding tad been practised with success in the reire
of H vn u o PHOBIA were pcbli,lied, sonic time ago, in various journals.
Professor 11 edam' hair foond the sante treatment to he equally effica-
cious in Germany; and the public will soon be gratified with an ac-
count of some of the cases.

Another remedy for the cure and prevention of canine matlncss is
in an Ame rican Journal, to have been found, in a plant called
the sago, first discovered in Guatimala. and brought into notice by I Sr.
F. G. Fuer°, Bishop of Chiapu, about tSt. year /Su?. it is 'nearly
allied to the cotton phuit, awl to the when of south 'Carolina, which in
many Tespeets it resembles. It is considered also as a certuist'remedy
for the bite or sting of wny poisonous reptile whatever, if takets inward-
ly as soon after the bite as possible. Ilia al ounce of the powdered
seed should be infused for a short time in three or four Winces of warns
water, or wine; and, when settled, given to the patient to drink, ap-
plying the white sediment which remsristr. in the firm of a poultice, to
the wessind. It is settl.ms neres.-sary to repeat the dose: and when the
seed cannot he procured, its place may be supplied by the green leaves
pounded. drinking the juice, and applying the bruised leaves by way
of poAltice.

The Paris Papers state, that as si)on as sentence was
passed on our countrymen they were conducted to the
Prison of La Force.

The inhabitants of Quebec, and merchants of London
connected with Canada, have recently united in raising
a subscription to present to ('apt. R. H. Barclay, H. N.
a service of plate, as a mark of their high approbation of
his conduct in that country ; and particularly to express
their admiration of his gallantry in action with a supe-
rior American force, on Lake Eric, on the 10th of Sep-
tember 1 8 13.

Ast E RICA N ELoourstcr.—The birth-day of General
'Washington was celebrated at Vernon in February last,.
by a grand procession and dinner, at which some hundreds
of the Federalists attended. On that occasion, an ad-
dress was pronounced by Henry R. Storrs, Esq, from
which is selected the by
passage on the sub-
ject of the French Revolution:—" French Liberty was the
offspring of Corruption—she was nursed in the arms of Li-
centiousness—she was educated by harlots and Me rderers.
Her counsellors were Infidelity and Treason—the instru-
ments of her support were the sword and the firebrand.
With these she desolated France and wrapped Europe in
a general conflagration."—Adverting to the French
Revolution, he said—" The pirate washed his hands and
became an admiral. The assassin dropped his dawer and
became a hero. The harlot put on white robes, and be-
came a princess. The gamester laid aside his cards, and
became a. /inancier."

WiNEs.—lt appears, that the number of pipes of wine
imported into this country from Oporto, the last year,
unwonted to 31,641};--exported to other parts of the
world only 1434 pipes.—The customs duty on this
branch of commerce only, theretbre, amounted to at least
1,676,9001. !

liEhtEr or LterxsFn VICTVAI.T.EIN.—In answer to
various Petitions to Parliament from this useful btxly of
the community, Lord Finley writes as tidlows to a Gen-
, tleman iu Worcester:—" I have now the pleasure to
you from the first authority, that relief is about to be
given, and will extend nearly to the amount of the ad-
' ditional duty."—Our readers will perceive that the prayer
of the petitioners will be in a great measure answered.
IWe understand that a publican renting a house antler
151. per annum. taking out Ale, Wine, mul spirit
centys, pays annually 151. 135.: a lion:;e above 501. rent,
paystbr such licences 191. 135.; and it h:ts been ascertained
that, in a grout number of instances, a tax is thus im-
pmed of I s NI. per bottle on wine, and front 2s. to Ss.
per gallon on spirits.—(llriaa Journal.)

"101

DILIM.ITIC REGISTER.

-...a1.--
DRURY-LANE.

The Benefit of Mr. RAE took place on Monday night,
at this Theatre; and a new Melo-drama entitled The
Prodigal, was brought forward on the occasion.
The outline of the fable is this : Phanor (Mr. RAE) has
been persuaded by Nardw: (S. PENLEY) his false friend
and secret rival, that Znlica (Miss KEux), his wife, is
untrue to him. Phanor tbrswears his wife, abandons his
father's house, and falls into the snares of Nardoc, and a
female called Seinroudr, who entice him to the gaming-
table, plunge him into extravagance, strip him of his pose
sessions, and compel him to seek refuge with a peasant on
one of his own estates, which is purchased with the money
won from him by the treacherous Nardoc. there a sea-
sonable band of Scythian robbers arrive to co-operate with
him in an attack on his enemy's newly-acquired castle—
they doteat and plunder Nardoc ; but the Prodigal, who
has woundod him, is surrounded in the fray, and thrown
into a cavern by the tyrant's order. In the mean time
Mira, with unalxited tenderness, has followed and
watched over his fortunes in a slave's habit ; and, by her
active zeal, a royal guard is procured at the moment
when Phanor is at the point of execution, by which his
life is saved, his re-union with his faithfid wife accom-
plished, and Nardoc sentenced to the death he had pre-
pared tin. his Victim. Thestory of this production, though
not new, is capable of exciting a powerful interest.
The characters are Scythians and Persians in their
native countries. The piece, has, of course, the advan-
tage of picturesque scenery, and splendid decorations. It
afilirds room fir bustle and energy, in which the princi-
pal performers were not deficient, and went oil very

A new musical piece in one act was produced on
Thursday night, entitled, " The Count of Anjou, or More
Marriage:l than one."
The business of this sketch may be very shortly de:
scribed.

The Count of Aojon maker his appearance at the (.Oiof
King Ilenra the First, and is married to that Monarch's itattehte'r.
()n this, occasion a Nobleman, who had formerly aspired to the
hand of the Princess, and been banished for that offence, is
brought forward by the Bridegroom ac a fellow-wan ior ; and
his doom is revoked by the King. on learning that he is about 10
mate himself to a Pair s illager. This busineks happily arranged.
Britannia, Hibernia, aunt Co/rib/lid, descend from flue skies, Had
entertain the company with a dance. The Lion :111141 Unicoro
neNt 'mike their appearance. and the piece ctincluih!s Wilk
"Gout sure the

This trifle is very loyal ; and, being produced in com-
pliment to the Royal Nuptials, was received with tint
most loyid acclamations. The dresses were beautiful--
the language is easy; and thou!,ti there is little of &hie, it
is managed with dranintiv effect. The dress of Miss
NAsu, in the character of the Princess Matilda, woo
magnificent ; and, indeed, they were all splendid.

A very splendid Operatic Spectacle is in preparation
at Drury-lane Theatre; the music !)y Mr. Parry.
In consequence of Kean's perCimance Jim two nights
only, at the Greenock Theatre, the prices were raised;
and those who proposed to procure seats were obliged pre-:
viously to give in their names; after which a drawing
took place to ascertain the sua-esfal candidates in thig
Dramatic Lottery!

Mathews has proceeded from Edinburgh to Dublin,
where he is now playing with great applause at the Crotr.
street Theatre.—lneledon has succeeded him at Edin.
burgh

A benefit humanely given by the Managers of the
Edinburgh Theatre to the widow and orphans of tha
late Mr. Eyre, was the greatest overflow ever remember.
ed in that city.

The correspondence respecting the seizure made ot►
board the Ordnance transport the Assiduous, in the begin.
ing of February, has been published. Them were up.
wards of :10 packages, which had been shipped at Rouen,
by the British Assistant Continiary of Ordnance, at
containing models ante ordnance-stores ; but the greater
part of the contents proved to be French cordials, gloves,
silks, shawls, prints, pictures, &c. Two of the cases
addressed to the Prinee Regent were, in consequence of
an order from the Treasury, sent from the King's ware—
ionise to Carhon-house. One of the cases contained guns
aud swords, the other prints and pictures, the duty on
which iunounts to 801. Nothing is stated in the car•
respondence as to the subject of these prints. Among
the parties to whom the other packages were addressed,
we find the names of Sir G. \Vood, Sir W. Congreve,
Sir W. Robe, S.J. Tibbs, Esq. J. Trotter, Esq. .1. Dela-
field, Esq. Lady Dixon, Laub• Frazer, &v. The decision
of the Board of Customs or Treasury with regard to the
latter articles has not transpired.
The Gluaaca•xlrr Aaron!. says--" In the extensive pa.
rich of l.mavau•hes, Monmouthshire, there is not a farmer -111
left who is enabled to pay either Assessed or Property
Taxes." ; V.;
The Manx _flrerfiter announces the sale of 12 estates;
five of them for the payment of taxes 1--These arc insu- a . -"t •:
for taxes. The Isleof Man perms no Property 'fax, Assessed < ~..
I.%xes, Duties on Newspapers, or any other Government •1: ••.
Toics ; yet it is described in the Paper alluded to, as,
being in kmost depressed state.,

l ~ i
\_ r..
