Au

silv;triat Varttamtnt.

•
1 lOUSE OF LORDS.
'MONDAY, JULY 22.
The royal assent was given by commission to the Loan Rill,
the Naval and Military Pensions Hip, the Five per Cents. Re-
payments' Bill, tile Stitch Spirts Drawback Bill, the Nlar-
ti:n4e At:: Amendment Bill, the S.nall Nites. Bill, the Bankrupt
Commissionera', the Fees of Court, New Cnureties. Irish Prisons,
Cruelty to Animals Pievention Bill, Bakers' Regulation Bill,
and NI iildlet;e' x County Rates Bill. The commissioners Were the
Lord Chameilor, the E irl of igshaftesbuty, mid land Ilislesdatle.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL moved the lira reading of the
Alien Bill, and proposed to read the bill a second thiss on Weal-
nesday, and defer the discussion on the third reading to Monday.
Lord HOLLAND had no objection to that course sif proceed-
ing. lle was only anxious to express his dissent to the renewal
or the Alien Bill, and should do so on the third reading.
I RISII suR Rte.: lON BILL.—The house aunt into a com-
mittee on the Irish Insurrestion B 11.
The Nlariptis of LANSDOWN E, in pursuance of notice on a
runner day. objected to a clause in the bill watch gees indemnity
to lingiStrateS tnr any proceeding on their part under the power
given by the act. Toe noble m aaptis moved an amendment, to
intake magistrates and others liable to actions brought by peraons
feeling throne:ices aggrieved.
The amendment was negatived without a division. The bill
then went through the committee, and was reported without
amendment.
SLAB E TRADE.—The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said he
was desirous, before the se of Parliament closetl, to infer
few observations on a most important subject. Their Lordsnips
had doobiless seen that the other House of Parliament lately
adopted a resolution to address his Nlajesty tin the slave trade,
and the Lords would doubtless feel that diey.ought nut to have
the appearance of indiKretice upon the qitestion. If he hail not
called the attention of the house to a specific motion on the sub-
ject, it was bscause he had now nu new tact to offer, unless indeed
the improper conduct of Spain and Portugal could bc more de-
sert ing of nralee than it !iittierto tad been. Notwithstanding die
feeling so much excited tor the abolit on of the slave traila, sea tar
as the continental rowels were concerned, lie was sorry to say
those powers had made but slow progress to the omen desired
object. Thize was reason to suppose the trade wits atilt carried
on to a considerable extent under tae flags of Spain and Portugal.
No effectual effort bad been made by either of those powers to
put it down. It really aas necessary to adopt some general
measure with regard to foreign powers. The old powers of
Europe appeared not at all alive to the question; but it limit be
satisfactory to pa rliaineni to see that new governments correspond
with England in feelings of libeay, humanity, and genaosity.—
I n the extent of America. where slavery had been sir tong known,
it really was a matter of surprise that they did not te,.l more re-
luctance to abolish that degrading state, than other nations, but
they lied sliewn a noble and generous deterniinatitm to abolish it
for ever. The noble marquis expressed a hilts that the sincere
feeling upon the subject entertained by America would have due
weight upon the British cabinet, and lead to some general measure
w inch might have the ellect of putung an end to t..is horrid
trains.
Viscount SIDMOUT II moved the order of the day for going
into a committee on the Prison Law Consolidation Bill.
The I.OIID CHANCELLOR intimated, that the bill came
up so late in the session, that there really was not time to legis-
late upon a matter of so much importance. It ails quite impos-
sible to make the bill what it traglit to be in the present session,
and he should therefore propose, the further constdetation of the
subject be postponed to that day thiee 11,11111115. 111 °tiler that
nu time might be lost, he would undertake to bring in a bill
early next seision.
Lard till/MOUTH could not resist the reconimentlation of the
noble and learned fort, but at the same time he had to regret
the bill was not brought 'Omani earlier. 'Die loss of the menaute
would occasion great disappointment. Alany persons, friends to
the improvement of the prison laws and regulations, haul been
looking most anxiously tor this bill during three years. It was,
however, great satislact ton to hear the noble and learned lista
would bring tinwaid is bill next session, which might answer the
object in view.
Ilse LORD CHANCELLOR repeated, that he would bring
the hill forward in the only form it could be brought into
ratliati•ent.
The Nlaiquis of I.:INSDOWNE said, it was impossible to
give due cuosideratien to the bill this sewn!). lie was scaly to
admit that great expectation had been raised by the measure. It
was looked to with great anxiety in dilkrent parts of the kingdom,
and it was moat desirable that the prtuciple of the measure
be achn•ted as only as possib'e.
Atter some conversation the bill was teported to the house, and
ordered to Ise printed, with amentlatients. It was understood at
the sone time, that it is to be circulated among persons interested
in the subject, in various parts of the country, tont that it is not
t-oecin.y die attosion of parliament during the present session.
Toe Notre this adjourned. ,
TUERDAY, JULY 22.
Brogien and others from the Commons brought up the
National alontinienta Bill, the Irish Publie Woiks Bill, and the
Ciiarge on the Funded Debt Bill, which wee read the first time.
The besnea Juries Bill was resurued with the aineuelinents of
their lasahnips agie.xl so.
The Bills un the table were forwarded in their respective stager,
and the house adjourned.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 24.
Mr. Brogden and ethers tient the Hones: of Commons brought
rip the Irish Salt Duty' Reduction Bill. the New South Wales
Duties' Bill, the East India Coimetny's Loan Bill, the Stage
Coaches Duties' Bill, the late Q Neil'sSurvant's Wages Bill, the
Countervailing Duties Bill, and the General Turnpike Bill,
which were read the that time.
on die motion of the Lail of 1.IVERP001„ the Alien Bill
was retyl the second time. The noble earl, to suit the couvesti•
mice of .1.11: house, postponed the discussion upon this measure to
the wird trading.
The oilier bills oil the table were forwarded, and the house
adjourned.

THURSDAY, JULY 23.
Sir J. Graham and others, from th.: Coalitions, brought up the
Coort of king. li. belt Business Bill.
Sir Win. Curtis brdmdit up tile Oiplians' Fund Bill.
:11:. H. G. 11 nnet returned the Aahouses Licensing Bill, with
the aniendmints. u.a to by the Lords, agtet.d to.
The 1-I..rd Labocx Punkin' cm Bill W Mso brought up, and
the rei ort of the C min tie.. unto; the Holylited ko.als.
Ismd lii E.I.V I I Li'. Ares. hied a petition from Starthind against
the Itoyal Burghs Bill.
Ti.e Bi,l *int through a committee, and on the motion
of the Fart of Lithrpoot, wit. urtlvrtAl to be read the third titre wt
Motatay. The Lords were siimilimied for :Monday.
The. Eat liequer Cetus Sitting. BM, the Salt Duties' Bill, and
the Irish Four Relief bill. tette Itad hie thud hum and pairsed.
'1 he lri:h Constables 11.11 went throu,th a comunuee, and was
mile:sal to be rtad a third time un 3.lw.day.
'I'M: Irish Fisheries Charges on the Funded Itelst, Receivers'
Gat rat. FOX lioun.ies. and Hoist liurjlis went tlimug4
committees.
The Ewst (Raja Cdmpany's I. nn Bill, the New South Wales
11.cita• liul, we late 4,1-meo St SPiVitita. A1aW1.3...V Bill, the Irish
Salt Duties, and the hates oil's, Were mud a sexund
Bute.—The house then sdjourntd.
Fatuity. JULY 26.

The Royal A-sent wargiven by cotninisaion to the following
taAla.-1.14a LCialltf

7

THE NATIONA REGISTER

Duties Reduction Bill—The Exchequer Bill; 11111-4 he rublic
%Yolks Bill—the Bankrupt Laws Amendment Bill—the Seoul
furies Bill—the Ale Houses Licensirg Biil—the Dish Insurree•
tam Ildt and the endowed echools Bill. The commissioners
were the Lord Chancellor. Lord Mtlville and Lord Shaftesbury.
The Scotch Burgh. Bill was read the third time and liaised.
Lord REDESDALE (as we understood) presented it petition
front the MeV. George Ilugyg, complaining of uppre,,ive conduct
oil the part of three Bishops. by which he was deprived of his
sing.
The Earl of I.IM ERICK presented a petition from the grand
jury of the County of Louth, against the lush grand jury bill.
The petition was read and laid on the tab!e.
Mr. BrotMen, and others front the Commons brought up the
Captured Vessels Bill—the Isle of Man Postage Bill—the Com-
mercial Credit Bill—the Ordinance 011iec Bill; and two or three
private bits, which were read the first time.
't he bill Un the table were tiawarded a stage, and the house
adjumned to Monday.
