(Vroni Gold and Northouse's London Magoaine.)
A young Estelistismin, whom I shall call fife l: aataee,
6f a. Wad adventurous disposition, (Indite the
period ut a short stamitt Rome, was invited In MO 111/eetn•
lily at the Doke of 1.... Amid the motley groupe of
*glitch :Itch continental assemblies are °solidly composed,
It was his fallow to distinguish a young lady of interest-
ing appear mire, nlu weissed in take las shore in the bd.'.
ray of the meeting The lustre of a fine pair of dark
blue eyes is radiating a collide .e where the lily and the
rose were vying fi.r precedency, appeared haltiaily dim.
med by sorrow, and gave an expressum of ileep•rooted
an ;lel.
Pity for her situation induced the Englishman to pay
her perticular attention; but his kind enden ems. wallah
repaid by an °erosional smile, seemed of little amid, ;or
as theevesime advanced, her drjrs tion brcanoe graileally
mote I erceptible, till it o'rtJmiaslrll.d lie tlters.ity of
inneealnient, and induced hei lis /cave the r ttttt it. Amazed
es inch misery m mfr .0 lastly nod so young, sir Lustace,
dismissing 11 0111 11111 11111111;111.. dlll etiquette a r.4lriely, tle-
ternuned, after 41 short interval, to withdraw himself
from the lisiisterima mer l i 11l ent of the party, and volun-
teer his assistance ill ntleviat mg fie sorrows of the nfilieted
lady. W.th Ihrs. benevoleut inkntioes, lie strol;ed pen-
sively into a heatitifid law 0, situated at the back of the
mien, w•th the vitAue hope of sneering slime one, from
whom be might Distills satisfactory intelligence. 'llll.lllmm
was shining I. all the pure elouith 'mess of an Italian sky,
at he commenced his rambles; and a few HAI breezes that
whispered geniis among the sin rounding accacias, cave a
solemn sadness to the scene that allecteirthe depressed spirits
of the linzlislitusin with the deeped melancholy.
fie had 1114 proceeded rar when he perceived a female
&tare, clad in deep mourning, shinty advancing, from
receipt° the place where he hail still d hiniwlf; her eyes
were filled a ith tears, and .le light of the mono, which shrine
full 011 her face, diselnst. 41 the features of the sttauger. Mho
bad so much interested his feelings After a short struggle
la-lacers h. r sense of duty, null the urgency of hereituatetee
she informed Sir I.:ti•ditre, that she was the daughter of 11111
of the must COSIVICIIInei tiensilwa ill notate, mid had been
aaaated ateeleaenetritifrdietateen to the military com-
mandant of that city, who had been appointed So his official
capacity by the iodamice of the republican general of
France. On the restoration the limirbous he resigned
kill Command I and having rendered himself obnoziaus to
the leading characters of Italy, was mitered to depart from
the Papal territories, on pain of perpetual imprisonment.—
is wife, meantime, was detained at Route by the palitie
intrigues of the her, teh 2,* Oh the disonfall of the 111111.
in-low, lost all respell fin nix character, and pity for his
rude. " And thus." issclaiwied the laily, " the cruel am-
bition of a parent has for IVet debarred me the pleasure of
ally husband's suciety.lie i, r leagued to wander u art-Wi-
wd outcast trotu his :Wowed country, and lam prevented
the satisfaction of asllllitlhtering to his wants and allerinting
his siimpirs. Oeneroas Englishman !" she ;runtime d, turn-
ing on Sir Eustace hrr line eyes, streaming a ith sensihitity,
" by the ties of nature, that we both hold sacred; by the
common bond of society, that binds us to each other. I
implore, I entreat sou to aid in my escape; my sire-nein is
already impaired grief, and if you refuse to emancipate
sae from tins worse than slavery, I blind fall a victim to my
sorrow." Sir Eustace threw himself at her feet, toil gazed
al her with eyes expressive of the deepest admiral* ;
" Dearest LIM), he exclaimed "ins Istmoin liencetiovi
inviolably pledged to soar service—a fruitless appeal was
never set inside to the heart or feelings of an Img' batman
Your husband too,"—his voice faultered, as he continued—
ss your husband, Lads, shall find, that these is yet one (timid
kit who knows Miss to appreciate virtue, and devote him-
self to her service."
They then hastily arranged their plan, that the lady
/Jerold return to the Duke's the next day at four I.i cluck; in
order OW Sir bust-ice alight meet her with a carria,,e and
four stationed at a (riding distance from tie city a him they
should pitiereil a it It all possible PC11171141011 tu Lyons, allele
her husband at that time was residing.
The parties accordingly met, in pursuance of their inten•
tion ; and had so admirably comnvod their plan, that i t
proved eminently successful. On the evening of the 'Mild
day they arrived al Florence; and sass entering the market-
place, were astonished at finding themselves surrounded by
a tamp of cavalry, who forcibl arrested their progress,
and desired loser their passports.
The Englishmen had in part expected this apprehen-
sion; amid aware of the consequences that 'ingot ensue
if he tinvelled %dirtied such certificate, lied taken rare to
provide himself with a passport originally intended liar
himself and brother, in whose place lie had easefully
stalistitisted the name of Laura S. which was the appelle-
lion of his trevellisig companion. Atter a careful es. -
nation of the testimonials, the fugitives see•P 51111crill to
proceed; but dreading a discovery (for the Hight of the
lady must by this time have liven genesally cireillated
through dome), they den mined to jemmy) ditutigh the
most unit equented passal;e of the Apennines, a hich,
though Irish to with Weird, grimiest them from epprelern•
Mous of attest. Bait 1 Ile, little imagined the thugs r alai
delay of Snell proceedings. The snow, which accumu-
lated in heavy masses on the sun 111 l sts of the precipices,
and rolled down it hart I'll 11111111 with the siulencr of
avalanches, greatly relit I ded thelr journey ; irciinerit-
ly tinting the night they heard the shrill whistle of the
banditti on one sate of the pass, and Ilse boat of the VI Ok
echoing 110111 the mile distant querters of the moon
sins.

On such ocermions, when the poatillions were unable to
End shelter or the night, they would move sinwly onward,
is aimusuculary espculAiwu of brius dashed heittPos
