COVTNIT.G R9EN.

The lateness of the hour would but permit UR to
give a slight notice of the new Tragedy of the ApivtatP,
which was brought out at this Taeatre on Saturday
.e'nnight. The scene is laid in Granada at the i.ert. d
of Philip the Second's persecution of the Moors.

Heiner, lie ile,yeo.l.'.tut the Moorish kings, loves norindo,
the daughter of Cunt A 'rarcs, a Spanish noble. But float the
slavery of the Moor., rhr haired of the s:paitiards. and above
all, the allintos ty of Catiat Pescara, goveribir of to
warm Plarinda is betrothed, and one of the fiercest Willi
819:1 fa vonre sateliit s of ty, rnity, tyu.t It tilt! epiii,
ill;tesiionti, and remorseless iu tis character, the Aloorisfi
prince's is a hopeless pas-ion. A tile breaks out in the pa
hcl of rr.riar/a's father. She is enveloped in the dames.
The cure diet father in dospair offers his fit time and fit
child t t him oho s'rall save her life. TIN' cry of desperation
announces that all is .oat whet. staddebly netts:du is disco-
v. red Ignite flit-milli the flames be a it an usiknovin. It i•
II nr:•-;a. The father. in the extacy of his
.1,1, confirms hi.
promise that rlollibt ,h.s. wed the Moorish Prin. e. Pescara
who has by ibis time beard ..f the s:iecess of his haled, hot
hitherto despised rival, hi eaks upon the fatherolte
lei, dad her love • and hi ;Ms Their hopes by prodneing
fil-
lip's edirt, prohibit lug a 'Maur to ititermairy vc ills a '4.1) niard.
One ray of hope stilt renrtirlA iu the heart of Pius indu - ilie
c It arc it'll of Iro- •over to theChri•Lin faith. B u imeur-
rene^ of ineideotal cirrumstances, by Voriada's Joh spice,
her despair (for in Ilse alternative she must iv, d the abhorred
Pes:ara), Pi ince ahiares the Moorish faith. aml becomes
au 4 pest ,te. Mak k, a 'lllol', the friend Of /leak pi's (.01.'1,,
i. i idilztiant at the aoostaey *Web lie is unable to prevent,
and at .1 moment when he marshalled the Nloors of Altnixri.as
to weak their hoods, stn' Grasaida, alld place thi it Prince
noon the throne, Maack as the Moors of Grao„da iu
the Cade, 'loose to otter ap prayer to their Prophet previous
to the great design. I)ur.ug the eesentery Spaiiiard is an.
Whit cell—he Apo:ars—it is thaws* t Spouisk clothes; be is

THE NATIONAL itunsTra

bvii fur has ispostacy ; but he cows to sii%e
clung tile koleaking ix lie•tril—diakk coot-
-11,1109 the Dour to retire—be rrliiiies to fl., and tuners t.i11.,_
.,_ into the .If. the Inquisi,ors, ;WIWI' 111111 wry otlivi
,Ivor; wltu, lusks firm than r.•vp.ll
ai y oil the ritek. Tile Inquisitors .mail •eizt! on Mark,
:IS a (` limit as bedilelll; back Bruit ya to

. . _
The .nol - ney,d's prescnc,• at their worship--the ac-
cuser, P_-oca, by Wawa. all. Item ya had been Sent Ineie,
uncle r pi cie.ce of savino hut, to reality, to give a co-
-1 •to the charge. Matti. is borne off - if.mrya in illesp,ir
insulted by J•csenra-they lialit--are separated the appear
mice of Flurindo Pescara ;;ors out- •titer a conflict
of love, rage, and shame, makes riOrindil i.ncar, that what-
e. er may be his fate, she imould never vied Pescara-eh,-
snea•s— lit mega bears her off to a place of safety, and goes
himself to save 'Wan from the flames to which lie is con .rtimett.
lit. di-guises hitn•etf with •e hand of Moors, whom he statimis
romiil the pile-rescues IN au, who with Po inda, are borne
eti io themunutaius. nun-, are 0% erpowv. ed by PaC,lia.
Ilemema is a prisoner in his bawls -l•loriada is brongin
Afir r heart-rending conflict F/orisida consents to wed r,-s
two, to save Ilentrya from el 1 wincing death ; on condidon.
that she bli it I I ins,antly go from the attar to give Heine9a free
dam -She comes to his prison in the Alhambra palace in
bridal relics, distracted and ; 11, ot, y,4 lie is free, and
the horrible condition of ids safety
served, bears some expressions of teudernts•-reproaches
Ins bride- orders Liemuya to the rack--a cry is heard-Atale,,
approaches with the Moors - P 'caw in leis race wunld 'dab
i'7o lido, who is saved ny 11,1 n. pt rustling from the execu-
tioner, and sr.os ?enfant wide the ...ager he had rased ngninsi
tiurindo - blorinda is co. vutsed--Slie had taken poison, and
rsept tier oath (rather than wed Pescara) to prefer" death for
her horrid bridegroom." Ilemey2 kills Minseif w.tb P..acara s
dagger, %Inch lie: on the now- -kluriado dies, ati‘i the play
des•

This Tragedy is frail the pan of Mr. Mei), of Dub-
lin, and is certainly no mean production. The language
is good, some situations are beautiful, and the unities
tolerably well observe-I. The author is much indebted
to the line acting of Miss O'Neil, Messrs Young, C.
Kemble, and Macready, who all rivalled each miter in
the excellence of their pertlirmances. Miss O'Neil's
acting surpassed every thin,, ever seen b2fore. Can it
therefore be wondered at, that the piece was given out
for Mutably without u dissentient voice.
