liis " I:amblers." -' Lives of the Potts." mid •
horoar to his gr..ncl sense of in .-kitty and knowlede,
t 714 Uri. tie 1. :arrived at tit eenvrich from Ilatiovet
;wit of the mitieli crown.--17C8 Death of Sterne, a ,
of very original p fly in minute deser 'pa
ng or action., atte...(ted itii sarcie,tie turn of
)1. thought. perhaps too treat for a divine.
The Silo rist. at 3 h.. 16 :•t•ts tat GIL 1.
Ijirdi-ianter Irwin. 411 3 h. 1.1 ono. afternoon at 8

PRICE OF ST.-CKS I I:STEit DAY.
3 per r:•nt.Cons..
S pe•r Ce.a. IZtd.

THE NATIONAL REGIS

tontion,
SUND.I V, SEP7'EMBER 12.

DEFEATS 91..' THE ALLIES.
It is with pain that we contemplate the
rising snperior to the c:ouds in which it seetneo Ay dc
stiurd to set, and shedding fo anew that dismal lusti'e
which appals both kings and nations. The lust great at-
tempt of the Allies ha: failed, and though we rely with un-
abated confidence on their spirit and resolution, and are

convinced that they have felt too deeply the evils of slavery,
not to see in discomfiture i•self, a stionger proof of the ne.

ccssity of encrcased exertions, yet we cannot t epre,s our
regret at the disappointment of our hopes. They were so
rational and so proati,ing! Who could behold hal'' a world
in arms, foegetting all national prejudices and jealousies, to*
occupy themselves with only one grand interest. the t eco-
very of their common independence, without anticipating
success as the result of their united strength.? Erents have,
however, taken a different course, and though the triumphs
gained by the enemy have,• no doubt, been greatly exatige-
rated, vet even when reduced within the boun4t of credit-
. bility, they show that the Allies li%ve el:pct kneed some se-
rious reverses, that have compelled them to abandon the ex-
ecution of the wise and comprehensive plan Which they had
laid for the present campaign.
Our first apprehensions were excited by a letter from
NI R ET, dated Dresden, August 27, at 6 o'clock in evening,
in which he stated, that whilst Bu 0 N,A P A RTE was engaged on
the Bober, the Austro-Russio-Prussian grand army, i50,00a
strong, had advanced from Bohemia along the left bank of
the Elbe, and occupied all the hills round Dresden on that
side, preparatory to an attack on that city : that NAPOLEON
learning the danger it ran, marched back with his guards
leo miles in four days, from the Bober, and reached that ca-
pital a few hours only before the -attack took .place, which
was repelled with the loss on the part of the assailants of
4,0(n) killed, and 2,000 ptiseners, with several pieces of
cannon: that early on the C. 1.:7 tli, N A POLA:.ON attacked the
Allies in his turn; and after a sanguinary contest succeeded
in cutting oft and taking their left wing prisoners, with its
artillery and standards, and that unless they hnuld retreat
into Bohemia, another decisive ..action would fought on
the 2Sth• This was sufficient to excite more than curiosity,
and the most painful anxiety prevailed until Friday, when the
metropolis was elated by an Official confirmation of the ru-
moured advantages gained by the CROWN PRINCE
.over
OUDINOT on the 2Bd ult, but a few boars afterwards .de-
pressed by the art ival of the Moniteur of the 6th with three
Bulletins, detailing the operations Of the war from the re-
opening of the campaign, to the retreat of the Allied Grand
Army into Bohemia .after the tremendous action of the.
27th ult..
The first BAletin is datedAtt;;ust 20th, and mention 2

ti EGISTER. •

SEPT. IT,
do great
to iu litendure.,..—
!r, to take possf,.s-
man of wit, and
ions of common
id, and a Ireetion3
14 mit).
8 h. 51 ►uitt.
S7;l
6lti '"fl.
ER.
•
star of France,
,etnecl lately de-
