PRIVAIeE SHolleraltiNG.

The amendments were agreed to, and ate Bill ordered to
be read a third time next Friday.
Lord A. HAMILTON presented- n Petition from a Scotch
burgh, praying for Reform j and one from Renfrewshire,
against the scotch Lunatic Asylum 'Jill. Ordered to lie on
the table.
SLAVES.
_ _

Sir S. ROMILLY gave noriee of a Motion for Ilatraday
next, relative to the cood:tion of the slaves in Dominica.
A Petition was received from the tanners of Great Grimsby
against the leather dniies.

Mr. W. Sterna pt esented a Petition in favocr of Sir R.
Peel's 13i11, from Olossup, in Derbyshire, signed by about
800, above 16 years of sge. It stated, that all who bad
signed it, or pnt dawn their marks, had previously heard it
read. Ordered to lieon the table.

Mr. WILIBERPORCE presented two Petitions of a *imaar
character froru Renfrew and Blackbara. Order dto lie ou
the table.

SLAVE TRADE.

On the Motion of Mr. Holmes, went into a Corn.
initteeen the Acts respecting the Slave Trade : after which
he moved for leave to bring in a Bili toexplain the said Acts.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, he did not intend to oppose the
bunging in of thaßill. He Thought, however, that it might
prove detrimental to the interests, both of this country, and
of the West Indies.

Mr. MARRYAT observed, that Surinam had lands of such
fertility, as to facilitate the means of getting away the slaves
from our islands; but it was very unhealthy, and the nem-
bore of females were spsedily diminished. Numbers of slaves,
however, from the islands, were transferred to its pestiferous
marshes,

Leave was given to bring in,a Bill to explain the Acts par-
ticularly concerning Demerara and Surinam. The Bill was
brought up and read a first time.—Adjourned till Monday.

AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR MARCH.

Tie continuance of wet and variable weather has bad an.
favourable fleets on oold and wet soils, where the operations
of husberatry are in consequence backward, and the spring
sowing utll be late. Bean sawing was for some ttme sus-
pended, it being impossible to work the land, and water
standing on those already put in. Acenial April may yet
recover the thin_planted and sickly Pxl.eats, and, improve
them, as has often happened into the heaviest crops. Opposite
reports, fortunately, are received from the most leeward and
beat cultivated Corn districu, where the Wheats have a pro.
rinsing appearance, and the spring culture has been forward;
Beans, Psas, Oats, and Barley, being well above the pround.
Never a more plentiful Turnip and Potatoe season; the fine
quality of the latter lias helped much to economise the stock
of Bread Corn. The alarming pragress of the rot in sheep
has at least had one good effect—that of inducing persous
unacestomed to such excellent practice, to draw their Turnips
from theiwater sodden soil, and to feed their sheep upon a
dry layer. It may be relied on, that the periodical rot in
sheep ander .which the nation suffers, mialit be, with great
propriety and little exception, termed periodical want ,'rare.
Lambing has become general, • with variouesaccess, from the
state of the weather.

THE SABBATH AT OTAHEITE.—MT.TOfiInfId Ha sal, of
Parmetta, New South Wales, gives, in a letter to a friend in
London, the following description of the strict observance of
the Christian liabhath, at Otaheite.—" When my friend, Mr.
Cook, witirhis family, arrived on the coast of Otaheite, in the
ht ig Active, they were much surprised that not a single na-
tive could be seen all along the shore as the vessel sailed;
nor could they perceive any smoke arising (turn their dwell.
logs. •Tiris excited in the mind of Mr. Cook and others a
painful stispcion that the island had been subdued, and 01l
the inhabitants cutoff in the wars. In the midst of this agi-
tation of mind, one of the sailors, an Otalreitan, who left Port
Jackson in the Active, obeerved, that the natives were keep-
ing the sabbath day—that of late they did no kind of work—
nur cooked airy kind of victuals—nor went out of their
houses, except to worship God—and that the whole of the
darss:ts employed either in religions worship, or in teaching
one another to read.. ht length, the vessel came to anchor
in Alatavaia bay: but not a native made his appearance until
Monde), iteir:iing, when great anodises repaired to the brig,
bringing with them their usual testimonies of hospitality, of
nit and food of all kinds, with other presents of cloth, &c.
&r. being highly pleased and thankful to God, that he bad
sent another teatime among them; and thus fully satisfying
all on board that they hail been obserthiz the Sabbath, as
before expressed.
• A grand seizure har, been made by Mr. P. Nie dle, B,a rviier
at- the Custom :louse, Soothooptioi. 'f wetity-five I-at ',is;
which had been consigned to the•care of Messrs. Le• Fen% le,
. and entered as containing 11,41.11%-afe, were .Nipped on
'board the Rose, Captain Gruchv, for Jersey. ChAlliilld•
initiation, however, by the officer, eighteen of them were
found to contain 900 arweres, tit tnr• cavalry, and the other
seven, locks anditerews in the finest order: Their value is
estimated at fell 1,2001. hallof which goes to the utlicer. It
is %Pipormed thry wet:. drstitunt !.ts r : malt America.
• James Cob bet anti Groi ge 1V iikin, for tit tailor forged baelt
notes, were executed ea Vritlay week at ; they
denied tostie last k lio w mg the notes Wt•fe (urged, stativg they
tuck Virile of* person at Redbotith fair.

APR t
REVIEW OF LIT'ERAITURE.

Oluernations on the Stale of Ireland, principally directed
to its Agricultural and Rural Population ; irs a Series
of Letters, written on a 'four through, that Cd unify.
By J. C. CURIVEN, Esq. M.P.—Two Vora. D3yo.

Mr. Curwen proceeds from Donaghadee td Belfast,
thence to Derry and Limerick, viewing the Giant's
Causeway, and then to the beautiful Lakes of Killer.
nev. We find that it is impracticable to follow the
Author in this route, embracing, of course, eo many
descriptions and local observations, which can only be
appreciated and understood by a general perusal of the
work; and, at the same time, we apprehend, we shall
render Mr. C. more stitstantial senrice by merely quot.
ing those passages which are of a general nature, and
which prove the Author to entertain the most liberal
and enlightened sentiments upon important sub.
jects of national concern, as the fairest specimen of the
qualifications he possesses to elucidate the state of the
country and people that he his visited.
In alluding to the different manner in which the
Sabbath is observed in the two countsies. Scotland and
Ireland, he observes—
" When we consider how great is that prcportlon of man-
kind, who rise every day, with the exception of one in each
week, to labour, in order to live—to whom, resting from suck
labour is partaking the greatest of luxuries—how must this
indulgent day of rest be hailed and welcomed? How many
of these laborious individuals have no other opportunity of
even witnessing the presence of the glorious sun--of indulg-
ing io the absorption of his genial rays—of inhaling the pure
• revivifying air, by the wonted exercise of their limbs—of
...reciprocating in the tender intercourse of childreu—of near
And dear relations and friends—of participating in. the dis-
charge of those .natural claims on the heart, and the moder-
ate pleasures to which their virtuous lives so tally entitle
them—all of which can only be permitted and enjoyed by the
retina. of this all-hallowed and delightful day! After the
prescribed duties of the sabbath are religiously performed, I
cannot censure, much less interdict, the application of those
few hours of exemption from perpetual toil, to the honest gra-
tification of feelings—the birth-right of a free people—as
• eornmendable in their nature as they are worthy of social
beings; when partaken with decency, temperance, and mo-
deration; especially by those whose lot, when compared with
that of their superiors, commands on this. occasion peculiar
respect. On the other baud, I cannot approve of the sale-
bath's being wade subservient to pleasure, capable of being
equally well pursued on every less exceptionable day in the
week. I should do great injustice to my own appreciation of
this sacred day, were J to close these animadversions without
expressing how.much I feel the culpability of those indivt..
duals who, io disregarding the violation of it iii themselves,
compel the irreverence and profanation of it also in their de-
pendents. By those who are the arbiters of their own time—
irho labor not to live, to whem.the indulgence of rest becomes
slavery—the gratification of pleasure satiety, and with whom
Lasufry pursuits appals I—what excuse can be urged—what
flea sufficient to insure a verdict of not guilty?"

There is much-truth and real sense in these remarks,
withotst bigotry on the one hand, or indifference on the
other; and we must agree with him in equally repro.
bating the spirit of superstition, which would deprive
many of the labouring class of necessary enjoyment and
recreation, and the allowance of pleasures whit.h have
a strong tendency to abolish all recollection of the
origin and proper duties of the Sabbath.
1 There is an interesting account (Vol. I. p. 233.) of
an Institution at Londonderry, called " The Charitable
Loan Society," the object of which is to lend to the
poor small sums of money, not exceeding Five Pounds,
free of interest, to be repaid by weekly instalments•of
sixpence in each pound, cn the t.ecurity of the persons
recommending .the applicant. This plan has been very
successful, and we think it admirably adapted for any
town or district that is not too large ; it deserves to be
known, as there are many places in England where it
might be practised with great beneEt.
Mr. C. rcaes some sound observations on the best
means.cf employ no the people At present agriculture
forms the principal occupation of the great mass of the
population of Ireland, which increases so rapidly, that
there exists azreat want of einplov—tending of course
to produce many evils, both. mural and political. The
question then arises how the mischief is to he prevented
—and whether the manufacturing-system would effect
it. Our Author says, " Certainly not ;?sazd we are of
the same opinion. He allows that "if tulantiGfaturie:
of cotton and woollen were judiciously established in ap-
propriate places," employment • might be given to a
vast number of children and admits, but he adds :
" Pleasing as the contemplation of so 11111(11 p,slitical good
may he, yet, when it is regarded by the eye of the moral.st,
it way, by possibility, he seen in le.bB at traetis e colours, Un•
questionably, manufacture: would primitive profitable la hos r
—profitable labone would create wealtli••••WVilitis
Cants; yet these might generate vicious habits, to the rit• •
struction of till the true Itlicines The sacrifice cf
dot estichappiness io the talons may be the pike of film
clotlres for children ; or, iu tither words, the .t!plication
of wants, though justified by.,ringiutint est e timings, is Ill) seen-
ide for the uninterrupted coctionianee of that sins es ity of
ailectiou which now liklatens the stii,ery or. the wit stinti unto,
by a part lei patitsii iii the wreicheiluess endured. the expos-
ed cuttier rut the bog, unsheltered and tinposstseed of eons-
forts when at helve, partakes more of the substantial blessings
ji,e well protected, well appointed artisan in the
City with treble his ear gs. The former is tar removed
lions ►hr cambial:9es, winch are closely ,irepesuling over the
bead of the tants.: and scliess.abose to.ssisish Ire oi,olousei.
oils Shit:aro or assail User be boil:atter provided, by heumg
await. of their uppauneh. Glompare the iiisbtlaing, happy
,uretstoi, esiating poly au . her wretched cabin, with tne. Weir-

Mlii

APPfiL S.

fed alluding damsel partaking the luxuries of any great town.
Tie exterior of the latter far surpasses that of the former—
but how do they contrast in every equality that constitute
Individual earthly. happiness, and contributes to command
respect r
" On this view of the subject, I cannot but hesitate, after
Nisbet I leave seen, in pronuuncing fur an extension of manu-
factories in Ireland ; Itemise I Mil most sincerely desirous
that its numerous peasantry should iv:Mune to retoin th%fitll
possession of their present moral feelings, which I ale feartitl
the change might destroy. And yet, I would Gin hope, a
stipply of constant employment, and a consequeut elevation
from their present ignoble state, whet. regarded as human
beings Mke ourselves, might not on making the experiment
be found incompatible. If we reason like patriots, we must
decide politically : if as muralists, we must not be surprised
should the doctrines he found at variance with each other."

For our own parts, we always regret the accumula-
tion of great numbers for manufacturing purpose.;—it
is sure to lead to the destruction of morals, happiness,
and health. Agriculture is an innocent and wholesome
occupation—it preserves many virtues which commerce
destroys—its children are cheerful, because they have
reason to be so—while those whom commerce nurses in
a polluted atmosphere, and educates in prisons, are
warns, sickly, vicious and unhappy.
We have recently taken occasion to express our dis-
approbation of large farms, and we rejoice to see that
our opinions are corroborated by those of Mr. Curwen,
which. we subjoin.
_

" Our road Continued Tor ten miles very mountainous to
Abbey Feel, where we breakfasted. Great part of the pro-
perty through which we passed, recently appertained to Lord
Courtenay. It was lately suld in lots, which were principally
purchased by the tenantry. A division of landed property
would highly contribute to an extended cultivation and the
general prosperity of Ireland, by the introduction of grada,
tions in society, which at present do not exist. The distance
now between high and low—the few and the mtny, is so
great as to preclude the practices or habits of the one from
influencing or prothicing.•atty beutfit to the other. The first
change likely to create emulation, and awaken the subordi-
nate classes to Improvement, will he that of seeing those of
their own order daily acquiring an augmentation of eomforts,
by the profitable results of their own exertions.
" To the snbdivision of the land iu Great Britain, among
all ranks, may be referred that independence of character
in the people, and that general improvement over the face of
the country, whichexcite the admiration of foreigners. This
distribution is not less eontributory to the support of the State,
than it is beneficial to the sulkiest. The possession of pro-
perty, and pat ticnlarly of this description, is ever act °nape-
Med by an honest pride, which stimulates the owner to be
A fit successor to that station in society he may hereafter fill
This happy disposition is amply rewarded by acquirements
in the rising generation—by a tenacious regard to character,
and a cheerful submission to the.lay.o- ensuring at the same
time individual happiness, and tuitional prosperity."
We forbear to extract the description of the scenery
of Killarney, (Vol. I. p. 394) bemuse this, and the Gi-
ant's Causeway have been so repeatedly described al-
ready.
This brings us to the dose of the first volume—.
where we moat pause for the present, proposing to
conclude our remarks upon the work next week.
