THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

nihi that bask in the favour and sunshine of the most despotic
and the most corrupted of Courts ; but the wishes and desires of
the nation arc o unviersal is Lvour of a change, that it does nut
incnppea: to consistent with the cones of Intmanalbisirs for the
Clint;; to snip, or to admit of tonsil delay. We ,11 pay_ that it
may be brinisaitabotit in the unosOlohs in She &Atte minter l
this city, wink lisaguitted innoortal glory by the moderation
of its proceedings, and the giving tin example which was
so readily billowed by the neighbouring plae...; without the
least delay, hesitation or accident. The great author of our re-
stored liberties is S.pulveda, the Colonel of the 18th Regt. of
hoot; he is a try young. man indeed, and ardent lover of his
country. enthusiastically fond oleos ptufes.sion, and an excellert
olLer ; he i.s of a very aticieut and noble fatuity, and his butler
was the first ttimise tic Portuguese stanthird ::gainst the French,
Inciu os Monte.; for ibis and the other services which
he rendered the State, he was raised to the dignity of Viscount of
Ilerhadoii, a title now inherited by the elder brothel ; front
these circunastmices something might have been hereditarily
expected of the son, and 1 hope, Sir, we do not profane the
name of the most renowned patriot of antiquity, when it brings
to our recollection the circumstances of the elder and the younger
Brutus; these hallowed twines have stood the test oft 9 centuries,
and it is but Lir to anticipate that the names of Quiroga and
Sepulveda will be lisped with gratitude by succeeding ages, and
wnen the present generation will have been swept away hum the
face of the earth.
Copy of it proclamation posted up in the streets of
Lishou by the friends of the Revolution, in the
night of the 28th August :
Portuguese!—Tbe happy moment of salvation for our country
is at length arrived : the thick veil of illusion, with which
usurpers have shrouded our rights, is rent to pieces. Arise :
the hour is at band when our country is to be muted front the
i,.lntaninious yoke of slavery and opprobrium. The thrice holy
banners of liberty already float in the air, of that liberty, the
child of reason and of nature, of which we have bean for so many
ages deprived by the ferocious power of tyranny and misrule.
Let us run to embrace our hommred brethren alryady on their
way to this capital with a powerful army, after having sworn to
and proclahned that Constitution a hich will ever be the dread of
our oppressors, but under which our persons and our property
will liencetOrward be secure.

Let us restore our ancient Cortes, and let that palladium of
Spanish freedom also be the worthy model of our independence.
And where is the Portuguise who shall dare to raise his arm
against his country :• No one. unless he be some degenerate
man, unworthy of the heroic name, and let out to hire to the
enemies of Ins nation. In short, enough of suffering s let us
put limit► to the Royal authority and that of its Ministers. by the
adoption of a sacral Constitutional Code. since by this wise step
we shall be saved es well from the evils of anarchy as of slavery
and shame. L 906 live the heroic Portuguese nation !—Long
live our Religion... Long live our Constitutional King !

FRENCH PAPERS.

..............
I s ,

- AR IS, SEPT. Io.—The Comanission of the Court of
Peers sits daily, to interrogate the individuals implicated
in the conspiracy.
By a decision of the Royal Court, the indictmeot
aitainst the ex-Captains Gutsier and Bouton will be pre-
ferred at the October Assizes. It will be recollected
they were token into custoity upon a charge of having
deposited the bomb, which exploled und;:r the windoW
of the apartment of her Royal 11 ighmss the Dociiess
de Berri.
The Journal of the Department of l'lscre states—
" A courier from Lyons has arrived at Grenoble ; tite
awhotities have not cotninnelleated to the public the
• contents of the despatches of which he was the bearer,
whence it is concluded, as observer the journal of Gre-
' noble, that they relate to the removal of some Adminis-
. trative Functionaries. Doriog ssveral days past the po-
lice have been extremely Jena e its that town ; the km-
keepers are rigorously required to supply listsof stratigers.
A otelaticholy circumstance took place the day beihre
yesterday in the botanical garden. The following are
toe paritculars communicated by an eye-witness.—" A
person, about 65 years of age,genteely attired, teas, with
several other people, whose curiosity led them to :he
spot, looking at the bear Martin, lying in ins kennel.—
The spectator :tuldenly seated himself mem the parapet,
turned his legs inwards, slid down the wall and lay on
the ground. The bear sprung front hie ketinel upon the
unfortunate man, seized I • by the twek, and choked
him. The ferocious animal went twice round the dcii,
holding has prey as he had seized it, and seemed to ex-
hibit it to the horror struck spectators, who uttered
hideous cries. lie then carried the body into his kennel,
and soon came out again, dragging it by one of the legs.
The people threw stones, and tinned dogs into tile place,
hot they durst not advance. Some young persons called
upon the sentinel to fire upon the beast : Ins piece was
not charged, besides, the tom was dead ! ilte aidnial
was at length driven into his den, and toe body taken
out of the place. The mifintunate man nad no papers
io his pocket, that could lead to a discovery woo he was,
but lie has since been found to be a man in good circum-
stances. If it be true, that the Mail who makes an
attempt upon his life 1111ist necessarily be mad, what
name can ne given to that species of madness which
prompted this uotort mime creature to seek and 10 OW
Geath by a suicide of this humid deseriptioi, t"

An Edinburgh Paper says, " Sunday, a little past
four o'clock in the afternoon, a most distressing ac-
cident occurred off Portobello. A party of 15 left
that place for a pleasure sail to Inchkeith. 1)11 re•
turning, when abut a mile from the shore, by some
mismanagement, the boat upset, and the whole were
thrown into the sea. Luckily sonic boats were near,
which picked up nine of the party, who► on being
carried to the baths, were all recovered, except a
boy, who died shortly after. '1 he other six were
unfortunately drowned, and although persons have
been dragging for the bodies, none of them had
been found up to Monday morning at ten o'clock.—
One of them has lelt u widow and nine children."

The Imperial Polteney Hotel, in Meathly, op-
posite the Green Park, is the lust house proposed by
Government to the Queen. Iler Nlajesty has no-
tiiied her approbation in a letter fbrwarderl some
days since to Colonel Stevenson, to which as yet her
Majesty ►as received no answer.

,VURFOLL PETITIO.V.

To the Honourable the Cotnmonsof the United Kingdom olGreat
111 hail' anW' Ireland, in Parliament arse di the litllllhlC
CZlLiunall the Freeholders and lailiabaiin the County of
Norfolk, sheered'. that • a • 11.
.• "bur Petivoners are apprized, with the in 'ous concern,
that a Bid of Patna and Penalties, against the Qua 'onsort of
England, is now betUre the House of Lords. havi or its
object • to deprive her Majesty of the title of Queen, and of all
the prerogatives, rights, and privileges appertaining to her as
Queen Consort of this realm, and for dissolving the marriage
between their Majesties, and rendeting the same null and void,'
reed that the said Bill may come before your honourable House.
"Your Petitioners are by no means disposed,at present, to give
an opinion or, or to interfere in the question of the guilt or
innocence of the Queen Consort, but deem it their duty as
Englishmen, to protest against any mode of proceeding with
respect tom accused person, in tiny rank of life, where power and
undue influence, or any other melee, is likely t 4 uffixt the course
of public justice.
" Your Petitioners beg leave humbly to state to your Honour-
able Howie, that * Acts of Parliament to inflict 1 and Pe-
nalties beyond, or contrary to common law to serve a special
purpose, can never be warranted, except by some immineet
danger to the State, to be removed in no other way, becuase they
enable the Government to create the offence
.(where no offence
existed before) to regulate the proof, to decide upon the evideuce,
and to apportion the punishment ; and thus plainly to conheind
the executive, legislative, mid judicial authorities, upon the
imitation of which the liberty and justice of the country depend.
" Your Petitioners beg leave, moreover, humbly to state to
your Honourable House, that the advisers of the Crown have
instituted a negotiation with the Queen Consult upon the subject
of the present prosecution, and have thereby virtually admitted.
that no health:eat danger to the Suite would accrue from not
entering into an enquiry, width, by their own acknowledgment,
it muse be derogatory to the dignity of the throne, and injurious
to the interest-sof the nation.' And this said negotiation entered
into by entuntaild eif your Honourable House, way rendered null
and void, bemuse Ministers would not advise the Crown to re-
insert her Majesty's Millie in the liturgy,-prom which it had been
erased befine any proof of uiretice.
" That the Bill aforesaid was brought into the House of Lords
in consequence of a report of a Secret Ctaninittec of the said
House, nominated by Niinisters. and that the omission in the
said Bill of any specification of the time when, and the place
where, the offence alleged to have been committed; and the re.
fusa also of any list of witnesses whereby the accused may be pre •
pared with the means of a fair defence is at variance with justice.
" Your Petitioners beg leave to declare to your Honourable
House their serious apprehensions, arising from the connexions
and dependence upon the executive Government, in Parliament,
which must haves tendency to affect the judicial character of the
Bill in its progress, and that concern for the characters and res-
ponsibility of Ministers, who are the prosecutors. must have a
tendency to mix itself unseasonably with the rotes of *e
Judge;.
" Most =neatly, therefore, do your Petitioners implore your
Honourable house to reject the Bill of Pains and Penalties
against the Queen Consort if the same should come before your
Honourable Hi use, who, as the Representatives of the People,
to he die pee:ilea Fthetilltita tie the suojeet from injustice
and oppression.
"6 Nut that your Petitioners are insensible to the evil arising in
certain eases flout eeen an imputed breach of morality in the
Queer Cowin when considered with regard to the public morals,
or the danger to the succession to the throne. But in the present
instance the latter danger can only ba incurred by the present
mode of proceeding against the Queen, and as to the former, they
are convineed that oicaches of morality ought only to be visited
by the laws of strict justice ; that an appearance even of persecu.
non raises pity fur the offender, and defeats die impression which
a judicial visitation ought to produce, and that it is better for a
State to leave indiscretion end vice to effect their own disgrace,
than by any act of violence to relieve itself from inconvenience ;
it being better that u State should suffer than commit an iajnaice,
or metal by peer the victim that it would sacrifice on tithe plea
of public goods
" Signed on behalf of the 31cetioe of the County of Norfolk,
" GEORGE WALPOLE."
