eIS

TIIE NATIO

TO THE

r4L

—.gun OF rnE _ . _
Strt,--,-In your Number of Sunday and Monday last, you
inserted a Letter, addressed to Sir Joseph Banks, purporting
10 have been received from Dublin, and bearing the signature of
Henry James Washington. Tbat the name subscribed to it is
a fictitious one, there is every reason to believe; and also, that
these plausible appearances of authenticity it insidiously as-
sumes !,are only been adopted in order to give to the calumnies
it would propagate a greater degree of currency and credibilit.
When liberal and dispassionate minds coolly consider the harsi,,
unmeasured terms in which it animadverts on an event which
has lately taken place in the Government of New South Wales,
they will easily perceive, that at bottom they are prompted by
conscious guilt, intended only to prejudice the public opinion
against one party concerned in that transaction; and thus unfairly
to prejudge the merits of the case. Surely uo good cause eau
ever require to be &leaded by such means. It is, moreover,
the obvious intention of the letter, by personal provocation,
and direct attacks on our character, maliciously to entrap us
into a newspaper altercation, and a premature discussion of time
facts; upon the evidence of which, the event to which we have
Winded must be ultimately judged.
A statement of these facts is now, we believe, before the Privy
Council ; and, however indignant we trust feel at the slanderons
interpretations which the writer of the letter endeavour.' to put
upon our conduct, we know too well the respect that is due to
that 110; ribtmal. to allow ourselves to he instigated b) such
provocations to an unrea-onable, and, as we deem it, an unwar-
rantable disclosure of the matter, that is to form the grounds of
their
.judilieni and final decision. Injustice, however, to our-
selves, in jtotice to the characters of the absent officers w horn this
Washington would thus indiscriminately defame, we think
it our duly to take the earliest occasion of assuring the public,
that tile a-sections of that writer are most gross and scandalous
misrepresentatioos, and directly contrary to the truth.--We
tern,sir, that having even admission into your Register such se-
rimus charges against our conduct, you will likewise admit our
protest against their falsehood—that the poison and the antidote
mav circulate through the same chaunel.
N ill no doubt soon disclose the real complexion of this
transactiiiii, and the true tendency of the motives of those who
are now so auxiou. to discolour it.
We are, Sir, your obedient Servants,
C. Goner's.
WM. lirvrtrlo*.

VI, ( rnwn-strect, IVestminste.r.

A CLASSICAL AND ORIGINAL NCWSPAPER,
WILL TIC COMMENCED ON
TrESDAI, OCTOBER 18, 1808,

ENTITT

THE INQUISITOR,

71.1%TED Qt7tßlf, ON TUE LARGEST rArtn. ALLOWED
TO BE USED-PRICE/1m
To be published en the Afternoon of every
TUE:=DiY, THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY.

Professions have become proverbial far every thing except
Twrformance. The Proprietors of The Inquisitor are, neverthe-
comiii,•at of being able to accomplish whatever they pre-
e,s ; and of producing a Newspaper at once Original and Clas-
sical, interesting to all Orders of Society, and distinguished as
much for the novelty or its Plan, as for the ability with which it
will be Conducted. Such are their pretentions to the Patron-
age of the Public. They aspire to surpass their contem-
po-arie-, they challenge competition : if they succeed, it
will be because they shall have deserved Success. The fol-
lowing will be the most prominent features of The inquisi/or i—
t. Official and Private Di-patches from all parts of Europe.
English and Foreign F tate Papers.--;;. Parliamentary Pe-
wit Gazettec, and Promotions in the Army and Navy, as
well as all Civil and Ecvle.,iastical.-5. Ea'-t and West India,
and other Colonial Intelligence.-6. Private Correspondence
..emu Ireland and Scotland.— 7. Agricultural Information, with
..0 Account of all New Discoveries:old Improvements —S. Ex-
;.mivation of the Political I;veins of the Day.---9. The Politics
ikf the Paper will be equally free fifiln the bias of Court I ntlu-
aad the speculative doctrines of Iteformevs.----10,

L REGISTER.

OCT. 9.

'wow Paragraphs —II. l'ublic Ceremonial The ion_
able Cif, Basiuess.-14. East India Hairs.-15.
Theatrical Critieisms —l6. Critical and Scientific Notices,
Essays on Manners and Literature. Pisetr', and Anecdotes, exc.-
17. Proceedings of Learned Bodies, Patents, Botannical and
other Reports.-161. Sporting and Commercial Intelligence.-
19.—Naval and Militar, bio.einents.-20. Lan Reports and
Trials, Police Affairs, B:c.--21. Accidents, Births,
Marriages. and Deattis.-2S. `tale of all the Loudon, Previa-
c al, and Scotch and Irish Markets.

Orders recci‘ed at the Office, No. I I, Catherine-street, Strand,
It‘ all the Nen,no-n, lerks of the Road', &e.

TIIL ;NA. 110.iNAL • hit

il.ollooll,
SUNDAI, 0(2111kle:li 9, D,OB.

POLITIC.IL rt.! li•E,Elf.

Spanish Papers have been received on Friday night, to
the 2d inst. The intelligence they bring is lobliiy
mg. They confirm, at the same toile, the opinion we
long entertained, of the unblushing eftronterY, and of the
little erodit which ought to be attached to the official
statements of the Jlonileur. Th'is worthy- organ of the
most NS oil bless Tyrant, published an acct nut of a decisive
victory obtained by the Ex-Jacobin bearsmE, over the
Spanish Patriots in Catalonia, assisted by the English. The
French, however, were completely defeated, and forced to
retreat to Barcelona; where they arc preparing to sustain
a siege: and, under the prttext of defraying the encares,
compel the unfortunate inhabitants to pay the heaviest
contributions. It is impossible to repeat it too often, that
the accounts in the Foreign Papers, under the coutronl of
the Usurper, should be receised with the utmost caution
and distrust. This system of falsification is a leadi.;
principle in the policy of that detestable Government; and
when we reflect how much difficulty we have of receiving
information from the greatest part of the Continent, through
any other medium than that of those very Journals, this
caution will be the more necessary. The Spanish Papers
mention, at the same time, the arrival of the Spanish
troops under the command of the brave !Startling de la
llomAxa ; which immediately received orders to proceed
to Bilboa. It is stated likewise, that General Cu :set has
been appointed Commander in Chief of Arragon, on the
recommendation, and in the plaee of General PALAEOXI
who has been elected Member of the Central Junta. The
French have been again forced to retreat from Burgos;
and a division of the army of General BLAKE has driven
the enemy from Bilboa, after a severe engagement, in
which the latter sustained a very considerable loss.
These are the principal articles in the last Papers of a
people, in whose welfare and independence we arc 50
closely- interested t--of a people, rho bad first formed
the magnanimous resolution, whilst the rest of Europe 13y
prostrate, in despondent resignation at the feet of a remorse-
less Rullian--to defy the utmost extent of his vengeance
and his power—to punish the instruments of his perfidy--
to paint his crimes and usurpation in a language which
only a keen sense of injury, the most unbounded love of
their country, and uncontaminated moral principles, acre
capable of inspiring. This generous eil'usion of patriotism
burst out rpontaneously, and without conceit, in every
Province, when each was totally unacquainted with Os
determination of the others; and whilst an inimical army
I°f 1(20,000 men, eowhicted by officers of aclino,vl:;%ed

OCT. 9.

audacity and skill occupied Madrid, the principal fortresses,
and the passes into their country. A nation capable of such
a resolution, after having been abandoned and betrayed by
their Sovereign, his Ministers, and, as they then imagined',
hv the first men in the kingdom for rank and fortune,
are undoubtedly no ordinary people. All the efforts they
have made as yet in the sacred cause, in which they are
engaged, have been successful. Their triumphs have pro-
duced no false security ; and no relaxation is visible in the
measures they adopted for the accomplishment of the great
work they have undertaken. From thq very beginning it
was no difficult • matter to pronounce decidedly on their
final success. The enlightened and patriotic citizens, who
directed the popelar insurrection, by the bold resolution
they formed of excluding for ever the possibility of coin.-
promise or conciliation, gave an unequivocal proofs of their
talents, as of their courage and siucerity. It is entirely
out of the question, without these reflections, to entertain
a competent idea of their meant; moral and physical, to dis-
sipate the gathering stone. The man Who, for twelve
years, has employed the rittistextraorditiary abilities to no
other purpose, than for the misery and the degradation of
the rest of mankind, appears to be sensible of the resistance
he has to expect. Notwithstanding his vaunted myriads,
he is under the necessity, in this crisis of his fortunes, of
Hying from the Scene of action, and trying, by means of
intrigue, to withdraw a considerable part of his army from
(lemony. Nis means of carrying into execution his pro-
ject of extermination in the south, are inadequate, anti
even trifling, unless he can prevail, through the interfe-
rence of ALEXANDER, on the Austrian Cabinet to employ
its immense armaments in sonic ill-fated partition of the
Ottoman Empire. This is the great project of the wary
tyraiit ; •and the object of his journey to Upper Saxony.
Should the Emperor Tass4cis Lase the infatuation to be
present at this congress, the project of partition
will be agreed to; the usirian army, uhich could have
saved, perhaps, the liberty of Europe, vi ill be employed
an extravagant attack on this political windmill, and
BONAPARTE be able te•withdraw the greater part of his
forces from the Austrian frontiers. Then, and then alone,
will his 200 000 miscreants scale the Pyrenees, and carry
fire, murder, and devastation into the habitations and fields
of an innocent people. More he can never employ for the
accomplishment of his abominable design, should even the
Austrian Ministry have the folly or theltillainy to subscribe
to a plan of partition, which will. have no other conse-
quence than to hurl their Mpnarch,from his throne. To
Frfurth. therefore, the attention of mankind should be
directed at preient, M thilkity the salvation or slavery of
Europe will be decided. Ti unncecessary to employ an,
g,low of language. to impress our Readers with the import-
ant consequeptes than must remit from the conferences
at this terrest PnWdemostistis: Every thine. (finch the most
refined art, or tbe,inost conaispunate villainy, can suggest,
mill be put in practice, in order to gain or intimidate Austria
into an acquiokente itt the grins. of the AOch fiend. If'filat
power; however, has the virtue to contemn his mimes ant;
his promises, which we are strongly inclined to believw44or
she. has always acted an Vonottreble, though an unfortunate;
part—hostilities will et:mit/tepee immediately in dargutny..
For
both events—partition or war—the tyrant is.prepailed:
Whilst his guards me hastening in one directiento,fttimv;
his negotiators, T.14.1.!.y.a0,14
pruceeding thitheria'skups tber,
.sb"ki he, be

649

the war of diplomacy, there is reason to imagine that he
will command himself the armies, which are to act against
Austria. his propitious month of October, in wh;ch he
triumphed at Ulm and Jena, affords him a tosourable sea-
son for commencing his operations. Should the war break
out, and he entertained any suspicions of repugnance on the
part of his Imperial guests, to co-operate with him gainst
Austria, he will not be deficient in finding- a pretextto keep
them as hostages in his camp. Profound and dangeromi
are tho projects of this versatile and unprincipled individual.
• If it be not too presumptuous to sound the intricate depth
of his atrocious heart, we would conclude that Spain is die
great object of 'his alarm and anxiety. He must first gain
the connivance of Russia and Austria, or attempt to annihi-
late the latter, betiore he dares lead hid armies against that
community of Patriots. Ile has already fled from Buie
frontiers, like a trembling fugitive. We should,
be prepared for the event of his throwing Anstria a soporifie
cake, and lulling her asleep, however grating that reflection
may be. Let us pause here for a moMent, and reflect 4ni the
consequences. The first question which arises on such an 4 ,e-
-casion, are Great Britain, Spain, and Portugal able to resist
his undivided force?—There never was a more important
one : On its solution, perhaps, depends the independence of
our own country and of Europe. Before we give any (opinion
of our own, our Readers will, however, agree with us, th-it
all the el:erg-4N of the three countries will be, at least,
required for this purpose. We would consider it an insult
to the good sense and feelings of the public, to draw
incessantly their attention to the activity and resources or
the enems ;—his •unparalleled success, the vast empire tie
governs, and his unsated rapacity, impress us with too fatal
a conviction of their extent. Forced to make this :4v,-.

knowledgtnent, me are fully aware of the foresight of the
present Administration in sending so large a force to the
Continent. And if it be true, that they have it in contem-:
(elation not to leave a single man of our regular arm in
Great Britain, but to send the whole to the same destinat
we cong,tatulr te our country that the management of its af-
fairs is placed in such able hands. But it may be objected,
that a single blunder, or a single breach of honour, may
deprive us of that army for ever ;—that ;mother
try may sign a dishonorable Conv-Aition ; that another
more consummate blockhead than DA Lit•MPLEI .I)l4P`t the
fairest hopes of the country, by his imbecillity anti v. ant of
feeling. 'Without attempting-to anticipate events, now-
;ever disgraceful and revolting the example aluiraty dive ►
imay be, see risk nothinF ine.dvaneing, that no future Gifeer
'aril, have the-it' .Alight the opinion of a tirtt;cll
;public: ' itd'Cift of LbinlOW has cOinc, for.ward on thic.
pn every patriotic occasion, anil.gblen a praise-woi lily ex-
Ampletu the rest of the nation, how to egress their di sap*:
;probation and their horror of die halftone trnitsartionV
Other cities ant counties•fire V 11141141: and
ins. low* • as this spirit nod. settee he luitioltr Ilitiinate the
,
lir'eaets of P,iigt)slimen, we Pterinin 'clouhf about• the
• ,
isuccess of our Army., and the.,in:lopentdence of our Allies.
.
r A RTNUR .Wrixect.EY.isrtrt arri•veri, and tiir•kftw .1)Aso;
experted. Vier:title insist. on .inteefl-•
gatien ; the army ecpeet it ; the. persons ittiplfr!iteil, if
every prinripl4 6f lionqur lie not ekfind in t'icir bosou,s,
!Ininst require it of
without wishing to raise.
tio a greater'hekr,a the public indignation, we are anx4int!
to see a trial lake place. in order to rarrove this oppeo.•
traiuto from the national *Omfatter. -
