THE NAVY

By the folloviing list of vessels, now ordered to he tnilt
at the ite.eral Dock Yards, our readers will see with pleasure
that the constitutional and essential force of the country is in
no danger of being neglected.
DEPirottti..— Mor.or:h, 84. Frigateo.--Antazen, 46; dEolus, 46:
Dzedalus, 46; Mercury, 46; Pegasus, 46.
WOOLWlCH.frigates.—Cly6C, 46; Jaws, 4G-; Medusa, 46;
Athol, 28.

,
CMATUAM.—rowerful. E 4. Erigatcs.—Mennaid, 4G ; Thames,
461 Unicorn, 46.
oarsmonsfl.—Prlgates.--Po:,. 46; Penelope, 46; Thalia, 46.
Estnnorn..—Vengeanoe' M. Frillatem.—lizsuauaryad, 46 ; Ve-
nup, 46; Druid, 46-; Thisbe. 46; Nemesis, 4ti.
Plamoirru.—.Prigatel..—Cerherus: 46 ; Circe, 46 ; Prosapine,
46; StAira, 46.

A 60gun ship, the Chichester, is also to be built at Woul-
w ic h.

The Athol will be entirely built of larch from the Athol
estates. Several of the other nig...Us he built of com-
mon fir.

Three sloops af war of 1S guns tacl ii 4 be built at Wool-
wich and ouc at Partsmotith. Eil•t brigs of 10 g, as each
and several cutters are ordcred at Chatham, Portsmouth,
Plymouth and Pembroke.

ASSAULT UPON A CLERGYMAN.—On Sunday list PA the .Rev.
Dr. Rippon was on the point of commencing Divine service at the
chapel in Carter's-lane, ifooley.strect, he was disturbed by a• noise,
which proceeded from an assemblage of about 201 Itithmen, who
had met opposite the vestry doors the purpose of witnessing a
combat between two of their countrymen ; the doctor went into the
street, placed itinis,elf between the combatants, and exhorted them
to desist and peaceably return to their respective homes. „y them
noon:chide!)• seized hint by the collar and knecl-cd hint down. lie
recovend his footing dith,ml,v and was pushed about and
asrmil!ed by the mob in a shameful manner. The beadle of St.
°lave', was sent for, imd on his arrival. experienced th. 2 saint: sort of
treatment, and it was :lot until the as,itmice r.f K wv and IVeitare,
constable. was procured, that the riot rouht be toporesied. Two of
the ringleadets, Daniel Driseull, and John DU:call, were secured.—
They were taken before Sir John Eimer, at the Town I lall, who,
ordered them in find sureties Sr their appearance at the Quarter
Sessions. wh'eh failing to do were committed to +he Borough Compeer.
A dutiful aceident occurred on Wednestlay.i,!orning in Lincoln's
Dui Ficids, at the ba,!l; et' Green's hotel! five (bricklayers) were
engaged in excavating an old vault, when suddenly tne whole tell in
with a large quantity of cat th. and massive stones, which cempletelv
busied the unfortunate men, whin, after great cxurtions, two were
taken out alive, with broken I:mbe, cne quite thiad, and two escaptd
unhtut.

'APRIL TS.

REVIEW OF LITERATURE.

Observations on the Stale of Irelette, principally direHed
to as Agricultural and Rural Population; in a Series
cf Letters, written, on a,Squir through that Country.
Bra. C. CUR VIN, Csq. NI.P.—Two Voss. Bvo.
(Concluded from ourldst.)

From Cork, Mr. C. pursues his course to Waterfoid,
Kilkenny and Dublin, then, making a short stay at
Ardbraewn, with the amiable Bishop of Meath, pro-
ceeds to Edgeworth's Town, Ballinnsloc, Drogheda,
and Armagh, on his way to Belfast, " having," as lie
observes, " nearly completed the circuit of Ireland, and
crossed through a considerable portion of the interior,
in the expedit:on to Ballinaslce."
. _

From the Second volume we can :naulge ourselves
with maLug only two extracts. The first 2s on a sub.
jut which we arc sure will interest every one—it is in
praise of, Miss Edgeworth ; and it is only necessary to
say this, to eLsure it the attention and concurrence of
our Readers. ...After some observations upon her
• writings, he adds,

" She is at once so modest end so natural, that those nnap-
prised of her talents wmild not bel:eve it possible she could
appecr so liiieonscions of the hitch reputation she posse.sses.
The admiration of the world has •affeeted neither her head
nor her heart; for whilst she seems wholly unconscious of
her own merit, she is feelingly alive to the desert of every
other individual. What • v..as said •I:y •Maria There: aof tie.
neral London may be very appropriately to this lady.
The•Ceneral being wanted:it a levee by the Empress, and not
being found, ehe observed, that ' in peace you must seek hint
behind the door, in the• day of battle you are certain of find•
in„ him iu the•frnot of danger..
" Miss Edgewoli:), in the commtei intcrcourse of life, is
flee from every assunip Atm of superiority ; it is with her pea
alone she exercises it. iu vindicating the ears.t.of virtue and
suffering I anity. The family is composed of children, of
different marriages; yet nothing can he more delightful than
the harmony which prevails. ; Time ardent sentiment of bene-
volence, that prompts azal animates Carr generablehors, has
the effect to modify or extingnish every individual British
feeling while the most strenuous endeavours of every mem-
ber of this pleasant community arc railed into action, to pro-
mote the comfort and happiness'of the whale. The first care
of each seems to be that of forwarding sues objects as meet
the general wish of the whole party."

To this commendation, it is unnecessary for ti to
say any thing. Miss Edgeworth's writings have ever
borne testimony to the excellenco or her heart and un-
derstanding, and their merite have been fully appre-
ciated by a discerning and gratified.ati.e. The other
extract is from the concluding letter of the work, and
contains some admirable remarks upon the-country and
the people.
•"l'he latent richness of :he land, and it exhansChle fertility
of the soil, tar exceeded my expectations; the extent and opu-
lence of the sea ports and smite of the other towns, with the
resources and facilities for agriculture and commerce, areatly
surpassed any previous estimate that {lnd occurred to my
mind. The picturesque beatify which may-be :aid toirewvade
the conetry is every sohac grand—oftan -stiblitne—always
imposing ; •the unceasing variety of surface is peculiarly at-
tractive of attention ;. and-while the verdure is. dolightful to
the eye, the luxuriance of vegetation supplies, and iu some
degree compensates for the deficiency of culture.

" I have contemplated with astoniahment how the exist-
ence of so many rational beinos could be preserved, and have
wondered how their lives should be endured, under emu-
stances of snell cruel privation ; and have not less lamented
tl:e sufferings which bigotry and ignorance have inflicted,
ShP.n the misery and crimes which thus have been engendered
and perpetuated.
" The superabundant population I have regarded with son.
prise-, the application of every hand to agriculture has been
destructive of its interListsolud has impaired the general hap-
piness of the people. So Meat is the competition for laud,
that its rents has advanced beyond what the occupier with a
living profit can afrorrft:: pay ; the necessary consequenceis,
that the landlord's doe furnishes the tenant's capital ; and as
no expenr.e is incurred by th:: . proprietor in respect of build-
ings, so there arc no conveniences, .generaliy speaking, on
small farms, to encourage the leact effort towards better ma-
nagement.

" Such is tl:c general diffusion of this riiimetis practice,
that to correct it seem., if not sli fib impossible, at prt sent
impracticable, as it v ill not be considered inconlbent un
those in possession to ettempt a remedy whir* %tuuld de-
sac vitieev, Cor the sole prospeetivc benefit
of suet:et:sots. 'ii•iic general interest and happiness of a coun-
try placed in so irretriceable a • predicament, and which is
daily hecumiug worse, cannot tail to excite the most liecly
appreliensiou for the continuance of its tranquillity. The
spirits of six millions ofpeople sustained by hope alone, while
exercising the most virtuous patience .under the severest pri-
vations, without the means of employing themselves or of ob-
taining emphsyment from ethers, hose ample leisure to brood
over the misery they endure ,and if it were requisite, to mug.
oily every grievance they are compelled to suffer. It is not
surely in human nature to be ever content tinder sod' eir.
cumstances, aggravated as they are by the want of those vs-
scnsials ordained to secure the public peace in the fair and
imp:J.6.ll distribution ot• justice. The bent fits to which the
laborer it entitled from the protection of ilre law, come not
wit ino the Sie ev of hi' I•retensions ; the daily es eciition of it
by the military is I.ainilar to his Mist rvation, and in his cum-
itionity is tile result ol• , es bile the
gime. perfiasion of the gi vat bulk of the lictifily C4.41,411;1.3
them tu ignuran;:c, and increases and foments their preju-
dices.

s • 0

•• • a

'••'ihe interference of government in their behalf. if it were
only by the enforcemeht of such rules Mild regulations us
might be stiegcsted for their ;:oinfort, according to the local
necessities of each IN o'j flee Or di.uict, Vi mild not only have
the powder ttle•ct of exhibiting a disposition in the state to
regard their wants and ameliorate their condition ; but it
would be an irresottable stiiimius to the individual prop' ietor
of thy soil, and the. opulent capituli)lie to unite bene-

ILI

APRIL M.

vnlent anti :patTioic a work, and by ths powers which each
fright possess, to deviNe means for the enspictymont of the
overflowing population.
''The introductit n-ofuninnfzetorics and fisheries, of trade
and commerce, could not hut prodnee a protilgimis increase
of manual labor, s% hich, alt being rewarded nceording to ex_
z•rtiun, would soon proi:nce ?lidusiry will emulation; these
%sunlit speedily create artificial• wants, tlit- indulgence in which
after a time, would di.incline the puople, if not to improvi-
dent, to early marriages i and thni the present icereasing
population might receive a cheek, said to a certain P%lriut he
restrained within the limits prtscribed by the needed mil'
ploymont of the country.
•• Although the mannC7 in which the Irish peasantry exists
is revolting to the feelings of those unaccustomed to the
inspection of their wretchedness and poverty, • yet ace they
rich in the contentment which springs from a patient sub-
mission to their lot, from their coeyngal attachment and
affection to their otf4pring, and from a itatural buoyancy of
spirits, that makes the heaviest evils sit lightly on Omit
hearts, with the exception of their being linable to earn a
sufficiency to ensure the cant 1111 l 4nee of the cabin roof over
the heads of their families—a source of the groitest alliictiate
and misery, from one end of Ireland to the other."
The state of the Irish people has been so often clearly
elucidated, and solemnly discussed, that to dwell at
any length upon it now would be deemed impertinent.
We are happy to agree generally, with Mr. Curtven's
views of the causes of existing evils, as we think them
liberal, temperate and just. Omitting many minor
points, which, though they are in themselves mighty
mischief , are rather consequences that: causes, we ap-
prehend that the imposerished and distracted condition
of the people at large, may be principally attributed to
these three—ignorance, want of employ, and oppres-
sion—and were the natural remedies for •these, educa-
tion, employment, and kindness judiciously applied, we
have no doubt but that tie mists would vanish, and the
Sun et' Irelaratrise to gladden and to bless ; not shin-
ing as some of the dreamers have amused themselves in
depicting, on regal splendours and insubstantial mock-
eries, but diffusing the genial rays of instruction, com-
fort and peace into the cuttier's cabin, and reviving the
drooping flowers of national prosperity, independence,
and hope. Our Author is also an advocate firr the
Emancipation of the Catholics—and so arc we, as sub-
seqnent to the amelioration of their lot in other particu-
lars. The kind of emancipation most wanted, is a re-
lease front the bonds cf ignorance ; it is that ignorance•
which is the fountain of all the moral evil—it is that
which makes it requisite to pause befbre we accede to
the demands of the Catholics—it is that which perpe-
tuates-the discoies and outrages of the country. On
this ground, the people clai in our most sincere commi-
seration, and our strenuous exertions for their relief.
It has been a fashion (we blush to confess it) for centu-
ries to oppress the Irish; and to keep them in a state of
intellectual slavery. Can, we be surprised at hatred,
at violence, which is fostered by acts of tyranny or cri-
minal neglect? Can we reed of the outrages that are
too frequently cmamitted, without a feeling of indigna-
tion that the great work of instruction has beet: se•long
delayed? The habits, feelings, and prejudices of un-
enlightened men cannot he expected to gi.ve way in a.
monient—oppression and its train of miseries have con.
• binned tin- ages, but amelioration and kindness have
comparatively only just begun.
This desirable plan is now prosecuting with zeal and
:ocean, and the most beneficial results may be conti-
dentl;, anticipated, but the progress must be gradual ;
and. if we are nut mistaken, the experience and delay
of a few years would exhibit the question of Catholic
Emancipation in a new light, both to its friend:: and
opponeets. We have scarcely left ourselves room to
teach upon the other points mentioned above-- It ap-
pears that the population is so abundant, that Agricul-
tare is by no means sufficient to employ it. Mr. C.'s
suggestions we need not repeat, but we most say, tat
we should be sorry to see Ireland become wholly a ma-
nufacturiag country—to :•,ee the plough exchanged for
the shuttle throughout; these, we know, are Hot our
Author's views, and we have only to add to what he

has so well observed upon the subject, that there is no-
thing sr, detrimental to the health and morals of a peo-
ple, as the crowding. them together in a town, which
is properly but one large manufactory ; natural feclinrs
are destroyed—artificial wants arc ereated, and though
we arc persuaded, with Nil% C. that agriculture will
not suffice alonr, we hope that it will always have the
prcpmdtraoce. hot we must conclude—we have :d-
-ready given an opinion of the „moral merits of the
tvork befiire us, and we have otrly ta express a hope
that the harnanc mid suggcstions of its Author
may be attended to—ana that the effect of a wisr and
conel:iatory system will, ere Icing, be visible in the
lucre 'Ned happiness, prosperity, uod; loyv,lty of the peo-
ple of Ireland.

SI,PeeTrI) IT Un Ditlt. -.'l'he friends of the iinfortanote
male latch foetal{ on the riser :11etiwa, Baratio4. have at
ht t n gh,..c„ver,.,l her name wove,. In lie '.lacy Noakes
Sands : slit w is 141/1111.4 from Strooll, 1t hore slll,ad lit ed oboist
two ye.sts, to Ta.etitii her oat, I. Blatt whoa. hem.lotions testily. Her brother owl si:ter hearing of the rir-
cmtp,talicr, thoy neat to barons::: to itscritaiis the tact, which
alts! fo•iiitl. to Is. I•ai Tnev stale that she left
'snood :shout 23.1 of ri lirsiars, awl came. to Nrisolsisissu
by to 1;11, ;11111 theft isrocovilsol on her Jnarises ; that
she hail looney m her le., koi•, tool also a Inintlie eontaiition:
v•ii tely :es. None of ts hid: having been tionsil,
toi-
Ines,t•, 4.in m inl• ki,th •ti oirlrf conviction ti::it tilt ..14,
; 411 11t1. 111114 11141 nit ails wig be IC:tlatcd to
lit her lin:lth, to discover ills. lies IK-trams.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

elont. the •LONDON GAZETTE, Tue,da.ii, 4;1 7.

Mr. O. 11. Hose wai swum of the Privy Council.
Prizt,e Leopuhl of luxe CuLtvitg, to be ttyled •• Ili Iluyal II igh-
ne4s," and to beta the Royal arutt twitlantt the Churl t.l4lAgllt..ii
the Ilitiloverign crown) dal...retie...l with a jai :.e puihts argent.
the eentrai plint char;.-ti u.:th:us: g.ict, qtutterly with his own

The Duke of Ithlnnund appointed Captain•Gencr..i tltui Govurnur
of Canadg.

BAN RUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
WA C. Lrightun, stationer.

BANK RUPTS.

PO:l,mm IL. Doptford, vie - - 13, May 19, at Guild-
hall. Att. Ar. Pearson. TcMple.
IluiticourN It. lialtoll-le-NIOurS, hattia, May 1,2, 19, at Manches-
ter. Atts. Milne and Cu. Temple.
II Ait,,wi cit P. T. I.utterworth. contractor. April 16, 17, May 19, at
Northampton. Au. Air. Jeyos, Chancery-line.
Wit.xusr It. Briitul, brewer, . April 9.u, May 18. at Bristol,
Atti. lambert and Cu. Gray's Inn-square.
Mous G. Holborn-bridge, silversmith, Aril 11, Is, May 19, at
Guildhall. Att. Mr. Tucker, Bartlett's inkling's, Holborn.
PAN'S I: 11. late of Stroud, Kent, brewer, April 14, IS, May 19, at
Guildhall. Mt. Mr. Bowman, Everett-street, Russell square.
Ssarrtt C. and Vrciottuct: Suuthanipain now, grocers, April
May its. at Guildhall. Atts. Lo‘pur and Cu. Exchange-
buildings, Royal Exchange.
DIVIDENDS.
J. Polglase, Bristol. merchant, April 28.
J. Farthing. St..lohn-street, victualler, May .70.
.1. and .1. Thackery. Manchester. cotton-spinners, May 12.
C. Tuthill, Norwich. merchant, May 12.
J. Dickenson, Dewsbury, York, linendraper. April 99.
W. Bennett..l awrence I-Outney-hill, tea-dealer. May 12.
S. Amherst. Exbridge. iron-manufacturer, May .5.
T. Moore, NVorthing,.builder, May 9.
G. M. Thurkle, New Street-square, wine-merchant, April 21.
W. H. Ellis, Christchurch, I lants, linen-drader, April 2s.
C. NI estwo,..l, Brist4 inerrSard. April 28.
C. 1.. Sparkei, late of Soutlibersted. Sussex, shopkeeper, May t.
W. Page. late of Walton. Suffolk, butcher, April 23.
I. Littlewood, late East Greenwich, rope maker. April
.1. I)ewsnap, Oxford, glove-mann:securers, April 23.
S. Ilaslam, and J. If. Oldham, :Manchester, liquor-increhants,.
April 22.
T. and .1. Do ley, late of Willow .slrect, liankside, coal-merchants,.
Mae 2.
J. Donald, Abbot Lodge, Westmorland, cattle-dealer, May 1.
T. Marris, Burton-upon-(lumber, Lincoln, banker, May 5.
