/

. -

.... • A

C 44

•

.3jlYlpt rial Varitamtnt.

HOUSE OF LORDS.
MONDAY, JULY 22.
The royal assent was given by commission to the Loan Bill,
the Naval and Military Pensions' BM, the Five per Cents. Re-
) aymems Bill, the Scotch Spirits Drawback Bill, the Mars
siege Ac. Amendment 8.11, the Small Notes' Bill, the Bankrupt
Commissioners', the lees of Court, New Churches. Irish Pristine.
Cruelty to Animals Prevention Bill, Bakers' liege'anon Bill.
and NG&lima County Rates MIL The commissioners were the
Lure! I ismiellor, the liar. of Shaftedeury, and Lord Redeadale.
The Earl af LIVERPOOL moved the first reading of the
Alen Bill, tend proposed to read the bill a second tine on Wed.
nesday. and defer the discussion on the third reading to Monday.
Lord HOLLAND had no objection to that course Pf proceed-
ing. He was only anxious to express his dissent to the renewal
of the Alien Bill, and should do so on the third reading.
1 anis Lest; it a tier low Bit la —'Phe house went into a COM•
inatee on the Irish Insurrestion Bill.
The Marqtits of I.ANSI)O .V NE. in pursuance of notice on a
former day, objected to a chaise in the bill which gives indemnity
to magistrates for any proceeding oil their part under the power
given by the act. The noble m trquis moved an amendment, to
make magistrates and °elicit:liable to actions brought by persons
feeling themselves aggrieved.
ameneltrent was negatived without a division. The to''d
then went through the committee, and was repented without
amendment.
SLAVE Tnane.—The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said he
was desirous, before die session of Parliament closed, to otter a
few observations on a most important subject. Their Lordships
had eloubtle:s seen that the other Douse of Parlianwitt lately
adopted a resolution to aeldrees his Moiety on the slave trade,
and die Lords woald doubtless fuel that they ought not to have
the appearance of indifference upon the question. If he had not
called the nucleuses of the house to a soectlic motion on the sub-
jeer, it was because lie had teiv no new race to offer, unless indeed
the improper conduct of Spat:. and Portugal could be more de-
serving of notice titan it Meilen° had been. Notwithstanding the
feeling so much excited for the abolit on of the slave trade, so tar
as the continental vowels were concerned, lie was sorry to say
those powers had made but slow progress to the much desired
object. There was reason to seppose the trade was still carried
on to a considerable extent under toe flags of lipain anti Portugal.
No effee tual effort haul been made by either lit those powers to
put it down. It really teas necessary to adopt some general
nteasure with regard to foreign powers. The old powers of
Eunq e appeared not at all :Mee to the question ; but it must be
satisfactory to parlitimeni to ace that new governments correspond
with England in feelings of liberty, humanity, and generosity.—
/it the extent of America, where slavery had been so long known,
it really was a matter of surprise that they did not feel more re-
luctance to ebolish that degrading state, than other nations, but
they lied sliewn a noble and generous determination to abolish it
fun ever. The noble marquis expressed a hope that the sincere
feeling upon the subject entertained by America would have due
weight upon the British cabinet, and lead assume general measure
which might have the effect of putting an cud to tuts horrid
traffic.
Viscount SIDNIOUTH moved the order of the day for going
into a committee on the Prison Law Consolidation Bill.
The LORD CHANCELLOR intimated, that the bill came
up so late in the session, that Mere really was not time to legis-
late upon a matter of so much importance. It was quite impos-
sible to make the bill what it ought to be in the present session,
and he should therefore propose, the further consideration of the
subject be postponed to that day three months. In order that
no time might be lust, lie would undertake to bring in a bill
early next session.
Lord SiII:MOUTH mild not renn the recommendation of the
noble and learned lord, but at the same time he had to regret
the bill was nut, brought ter ward earlier. Tie loss of the ineasehe
would occasion great eliampoineinent. Many persons, triends to
the improvement of the prison laws and regulations, hail been
looking most sex iously for this Mil during three yews. It was,
however, great eaustaction to hear the noule and learned lord
wuuld bring for wild a bill neat session, which might answer the
abject in view.
!'lie I.OIID CHANCELLOR repeated, that lie would bring
the bill forward in the only form it could be brought into
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said, it sea, impossible to
give due considerauon to the bill this session. lie was ready to
admit that great expectation had been raised by the measure. It
was looked to with great anxiety indifferent parts of the kingdom.
and it was most desirable that the prtuciple of the illeiiblireSllollki
be ailoeted as early as possible.
Atter some cuitversation the bill wes reported to the house, and
osiered to be printed, with amendments. It was understood at
the lame time, that it is to be circulated among persons interested
in the subject, in various parts of the country, and that it is not
a- occupy the aiten ion of imitation t during the present session.
Toe Louse Caen adjourned.
TIILSDAY. JULY 22.
Mr. Brogilen and others flame the Commons brought up the
National Alonuments Bill, the Irish Public Winks Bill, and the
Charge on the Funded Debt Bill, whicii were reset the first time.
The Scotch Juries Bill was returned with the ameudinents e.
their Loalships agreed to.
The Bills on the table were forwarded in their respective stager,
and the house adjounted.
WLDNESDAY. JULY 24.
Mr. Brogden and other, front the House of Commons brought
up the Irish Salt Duty Reduction Bill, the New South Wales
Duties' B:11, the Ea s India Company's Loan Bill, the Stage
Coaches Dune.' Bill, the late Queen's .ieiVAlleb Wages Bill, the
Countervailing Duties' Bill, and the General Turnpike Bill,
which were read the hist time.
On tae motion of the Earl of LIVERPOOL, the Alien Bill
was real the seemhl time. The noble earl, to suit the conveni-
ence of the liaise, postponed the diseussioa upon this measure to
the third reading.
The other bills an die table were forwarded, and the hou
adjourned.
