learned member had laid down, and by the faith of treaties.—
The ministers, be hoped. would be found to have been mindful
of the interests, as well as the honour and station of this
country. He would proceed to reply to the questions with the
came fraokness that he trusted hail before characterized his
reply to inquities put to him. It would be to deceive the
Moose to say that the hopes of adjusting the differences be-
tween France and Spain were not totally extinguished—if they
were not totally extinguished, they were so far weakened as
almost to put en end to all expectation of any favourable re-
call. With respect to the second question, it was the inten-
tion of Ministers, on tile first convenient day after the Easter
recess, unless auv thing should happen to change entirely their
present views, to take his Majesty's oommaeda to submit to
both Houses information respecting all the negotiations. Ile
would further state, n.t this part of the inquiry, that be should
afterwards deem it to be hit duty, on some vote of form, to
originate a discussion on those papers, for the purpose of more
simply stating the principles and policy that bad guided his
Majesty's Ministers in conducting the oegooiations. Having
been called on to give information to the house on this im-
portant anbject, it might not be dealing with proper fairness if
be were not to add, tort his Majesty's ministers at present did
not tee any necessity to involve this country in the coolest.--
(Loud cheering.)
Air. F. BUXTON hoped that no treaties would be concluded
with Portogel, without pressing that Government to agree to
the articles.

Papers ordered to be printed.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in reply to
Lord Althorp's enquiry, stated that it was the intention to
erect a monument to the memory of the late Foul St. Vincent.
FOREIGN ENLISTMENT BILL.—Sir IL WILSON expressed
the hope, after what had been stated by the foreign secretary,
that there would be no objection to the repeal of the Foreign
Enlistment Hill.—(llear, hear.)
Lord ALTHORP expressed the intention of moving, on an
early day, the repeal of such bill.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER, the papers respecting the late King's library were re-
ferred to a select committee.

Sir C. LONG spoke of the grest value of such library, and
stated, that it was at ►ast expeuoe, on the plan provided by
Dr. Johnson.
ItavEtstIe.—TAXATION.—Mr.MABERLY brought forward
his long promised resolutions on the subject of the revenue,
&o. Ile assumed a sinking fund of 5,000,0001. and said that
it might he made 10,000,0001. by 'elfin the land tax, &c. as
suggested in Itls resolutions. Be also contended that there
might also be a further repeal of taxes to the amount of
3,200,0001. all the assessed taxes. His plan would effect suxb
results ; and the series of resolutions, with moving which be
cosoluded, detailed the plan, and recognized the polio.), of
adopting it.
After same remarks from Sir W. De Crespigney, Ber-
ries, and Sir F. Blake, the resolutions were negatived on a
division.—Ayes, 45—Noes, N.
TUE INSIOI.,iNT DEUTORS' ACT.—Mr. P. MOOSE moved
for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the present Insolvent
Pebtore Act. This motion produced a general conversation,
in which Lord Althorpe, Mr. Abercrombie, the Solicitor-Ge-
neral, Sir J. Newport, Mr. Bright, and others, supported as
amendment of the present act, rather than a repeal, and Mr.
Moore consented to withdraw his motion.
Mr. lILME moved for certain returns relative to the reve-
nue of Ireland, with a view to skewing (hut the union bad been
beneficial sud not injurious to Ireland, and preparatory to his
bringing forward his motion for the Abolition of the Viceregal
Digoily is that country.—Ordered.
On the third reading of the Mutiny Bill Sir F. Burdett gave
notice that be would, on a future day, submit a motion to the
Douse to do away military Bogging. The lion. Baronet also
atrangli blamed the Government for not taking a inure decided
part iu scour of Spain.
Mr.PEEL deprecated discussion on this enbJect at present.
Mr. IROBBOLSE coincided in opinion with his honourable
colleague.
After a conversation of some length, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
The ether orders were disposed of, and the bones adjuurned
at eleven o'clock.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1().
Mr. Qnarme, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod, sum-
moned the House to attend in the House of Peers, to bear the
Royal assent given by commission to sundry bills.
Mr. T. BYNG obtained leave to bring in a bill to light, pave,
&c. places, squares, &c. in St. John's, Hackney, built, or to
be built, by 'l'. Rhodes, Eaq
Gen. MONTGOMERY presented a petition from planters of
Dominica against the equiliaatioo of the duties on West and
Semi India sugars.
WES 7 INDIA DlSTRER9.—Petitions were presented from
St. Vincent's, Barbadoes, Grenada, Antigua, Cvc. complaining
of distress.
Mr. CREEVY observed that the Barbadoes petition,
anniti4st tither distresses, complained of the four and a half per '
cent. duties; he would therefore ask whether there was any
thing so shameful as to continue the present application of suoh
duties, in pensions given to Members of Parliament and their
families?--(Hear, hear!) After the recess be should ,niove
that so much of the petition as spoke of the four and a half per
cent. duties, he referred to a committee. Petition ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GOULBURN brought in the Irish Commutation 'of
Tythes Bill. Read a first time, and ordered to be read a
second time, April 21.
Mr. SMITH wished to ask, as the communications with
Spain by the way of France might become uncertain, whether
the Government had tiny intention to establish any packet coo
veyance to Spain by the way of Corunna.
Mr. CANNING replied, that such conveyance would occasion
considerable delays. Two despatches bad been scut to 31ailrill
by the different routes ; but that forwarded by way of France
arrived ten days before the one sent through Commie. The
Government, therefore, bad no intention to establish such a
conveyance ; but should there be any difficulties arise in the
land conveyance by France, the other conveyance might 50011
be established. The Government would then be immediately
mindful of the difficulties, and attentive to remedy them.
QUAKER,' PETITION AGAINST SI.A•ERY.—Mr, WILBER-
FORCE ruse to present n petition from the Quakers, praying
for the abolition of slavery throughout the British dominions.—
.—He said the petitioners had been most consistent and perse-
vering in their endeavours against shivery. They were a body
or men of retired and quiet habits, and were unused to min
with political questions; and on the subject of slave trading,
they hail, from the first, maintained against those who bad
urged the policy of the measure, that there could be no policy
in what •as inconsistent with justice and humanity.—(llear.)
The abolition of the slave trade had been called for and 'meows
Pli►hed. as the first step in this great work ; but it was always
uoutentlcel that the ithulittou oI slavery throughout the Iltotait
