L -11 EGIsT

*.

D
4-' ~,.

• Ire

renewal Of the ancient connection with the Austrian GoVerninenf ;
and that, justly appreciating all the value of the accession of that
great power to the common cause, you will be prepared, as tar as
circumstances may permit, to enable me to support his Iluperia
Majesty in the vigorous prosecution of the contest.
" The war between this Country and the United States of Ame-
rica still continues; but I have the satisfaction to inform you, that
the measures adopted by the Government of the United States for
the conquest of Canada have been frustrated by the valour of his
Majesty's troops, and by the zeal aid loyalty of his American
subjects.
44 Whilst Great Dinah', in conjunction with her Allies, is exerting
her utmost strength against the common enemy of independont na-
tions, it must be matter of deep regret, to find an additional enemy
in the Govermnent of a eonntry whose real interest in the issue of
this great contest must be the same as our own. •
" It is known to the world, that this country was not the aggressor
in the war.
.7" I have not hitherto seen any disposition on the part of the Go-
vernment of the United States to close it, of which I could avail
myself consistently with a due attention to the interests of his Ma-
jesty's subjects.
" I am at all times ready to enter into discussion with that Go.
vernment for conciliatory adjustment of the differences between
the two countries upon principles of perfect reciprocity, not incon-
sistent with the established maxims of public law, alit' with the ma-
ritime rights of the British Empire.
66 Gentlemen of the House of Commons,
44 I have directed the estimates for the services of the ensuing year
to be laid before you.
" I regret the necessity of so large an expenditure, which I am
confident, however, you will judge to be unavoidable, when the ex-
tent and nature of our•military exertions are considered.
44 I entertain no doubt of your readiness to furnish such supplies
as the public service may require.
" I congratulate you on the improved and flonrishing state of our
commerce ; and I trust that the abundant harvest which we have
received from the bountiful hand of Providence during the present
year, will afford material relief to his Majesty's people, and produce
a.cOnsiderable augmentation in many branches of the revenue.
" My Lords and Gentlemen,
" I congratulate you on the decided conviction which now happily
prevails throughout so large a portion of Europe, that the war in
which the Allied Powers arc eugagedagainst the Ruler of France is
a war of necessity ; and that his views of universal dominion can on-
ly be defeated by combined and determined resistance.
"'file public spirit and national enthusiasm which have succes-
sively accomplished the deliverance of the kingdmns of Spain and
Portugal, and' of the Russian Empire, now equally animate the
German people ; and we may justly entertain the fullest confidence,
that the same pereverance on their part will ultimately lead to the
same glorious result.
" I eamint but deplore most deeply the continuance of this ex-
tended warfare, and of all those miseries which the insatiable ambi-
tion of the Ruler of France has so lane inflicted mom Eneope.
" No disposition to require from France sacrifices of any descrip-
tion inconsistent with her honour or just pretensions as ;illation will
ever be on my part, or on that of his Majesty's Allies, an obstacle to
peace.
64 The restoration of that great blessing, upon principles of justice

.„ . .
and equality, hay; never ceased to be my anxious wish ; lint I am
fully convinced that it can only be obtained by a confirm:nice of:
those efforts which have already delivered so large a part of Europe.
from-the power of the enemy.
4, To the firmness and perseverance of this country thescadvan•
tages may, in a great degree, be ascribed. Lot this consideration
animate us to new exertions, and we shall thus, I trust, be enabled
to bring this long and arduous contest to a conclusion, which will
be consistent with the independence of all the nations engaged in
it, and with the general security of Europe."
His Royal Highness then immediately arose, and delivering the
Trech into. the hands of the Lord Chancellor, presently departed
from the House The Commons having also withdrawn, their Lord.
ships proceeded to unrobe.
At five o'clock, the House having resumed proceedings, Earl
Mons( rose, and in a low tone of voice, totally inaudible below the.
bar, moved an humble address to the Prince Regent, in answer to
his most gracious Speech.
The Earl of CLAis is seconded the Address in .an impressive and
speech of much promise, in which. he adverted to. the bright
and glorious prospects of this country at the i‘resent time, and the
road situation in which England now stands. He coLtiasted the

r•
I.

TIIF,

\•

TTONAL REGISTER. • 707
great Couimauder, Lord Wellington. (Hear.) Thies glorious C.
ample was nut lost on the _Continent. No, it was Cie actual fon*. -
dation, and acknowledged to be the foundation, of those st,:peri-
d.ois deeds that were
.afterviards done on the Contiftent It was 01
coutOrmity to this exaluple ihat Russia had risen to resist the most
Airmidable and appalling force that perhaps had ever been collect-
:eel to overwhelm a nation. She had resisted, and she had struggled
out her own security. Yet, from peculLtr circumstances, Germany
was the last part. of Europe in which tt successfid and combined re-
sistance could be looked ter ; and this, not Ironswant of spirit in the
people —no; from want olmiitary habits,—for she was, peth..ps. the
most iribituated to war of any other empire—nut from the nature or
het polity. Mall the divisions of Germany, Prussia was ever the
last in which the spirit of the people might be expected to shvw it.
5 elf. Vet, good God! what a change, and that witlao a few mourns.
And din History ever exceed the efforts now making by the Prnssians
order. their King! (Hear.) Dot if those efforts were extraordinary,
they ail resulted directly from their natural canse,—t'rom their ccin- •
billing in great and cor,lial views on the sithject of the general safe.
ty, an•l from their connection with Great Britain. • No one ribald
doubt the spirit of the people or the Allies, nor of the bravery of
their troops ; but the whole conduct of the campaign, the bold ai.d
dotingly desperate mancenvre of mooting the .Scale, with the subse.
yient triumphs, arose &um that manly and cordial union which was
the consequence of that new spirit of independence. Vet that spi-
rit grew np in Spain, was strengthened in Russia, and was now
triumphing in Germany. Let it nut be supposed, that be looked ma
those successes as the signal for inaction Quite the contrary,
all the powers of the country must be exerted, all its eitergies must
be called forth.—,4 God forbid !my Lords (said the Noble. Eari).
that I should mean to exclude from our policy principles of justice
and morality. I agree most heartily with the Noble Baron who
spoke last, that we should have a general peace, and one founded on
principles consistent with justice to all the powers concerned, not
'oily to friends, but also to our enemies. I could not, sow Lords.
hare any thing ask front asked fro our enensii a, which we ourselves, in similar
circumstances, wooddyefuse. Oil these principles :1 is that I ask toe
the support of Parliament, and of the country ; and, acting on these
principles, we hope, under the blessing of God, to bring the con-
test to a happy termination."
The question was then put, and the Address carried nem. dissen.
Earl BATHURST gave notice of a Motion for Monday next, for
a Vote of Thanks to Lord Wellington and his army.
The House then adjourned to Saturday.

situationot ouecountry now, with that in which it was placed ten
years ago. We were theu threatened with invasion ; and to decide
our own indepeedeece, poured forth our thousands and our tens of
thousands: we now behold the country of the invader not only
tlacateved, lint aetually invaded.
The Maeqnis of tVeeceseev said, he felt the most lively setiafae•
tion in assuring their Lordships, that the Speech delivered that gay
from the Throne, etas entitled both by its sentiments and languitee,
t rout the In-wooing to the end, to the decided and unmixed approba-
that ot their Lordships aml the country at large. It was so judi-
ciously trarned to diffuse militia:ice, and to encourage union, that it
held out to our Ailias. to ourselves, and to the whole of Eurol e. the
mast aaspicioes omens and =ratifying pledges of the successtel tt ia •
minatiou of the struegle in which we were engaged. The sound,
the truly noble bite of policy pointed ant and recommended in Efe
conclusive of the Spoech, called for the entliusiastie admiratiose :tut
of this comma. only, but of all Europe. No sacriticee inconsistent
with national rights and national indepeudeere were demanded ; and '1
if the principles laid down and recommended, were persevered in
by !!Hoists rs, they could not fail to steseced- in effecting the salve-.
Lion of Europe, and the security and prosperity ot• England.
Lord GRP:NV[ILE coinvided in the eulogies expressed by Marquis
Wellesley on the Speech of the Prince Regent ; never were senti-
ments more properly adapted to the occasion—never was languaze
more adapted to express its purpose. His Lordship drew an ani-
mated philtre of the strnegles, theedieficidiies, the disappnintments
had encountered derina the last twenty years, in endeavouring
to curb the amhition o: France, and now he with gratitude thanked
Divine Providence for having, after so long a period, permitted
to behold his native land in such a commanding situation, as to be
able again to pursue that which ought to be the only legitimate ob
jest of foreiaai policy, he meant the establishment and preservation
of a Balance ot Power in Europe. 'I his was a principle held sacred
by our aticestors, which was slaver entirely abandoned by us, and '
only temporarily relinquished, because the suppliant nations of the
Continent refused to unite fur its maintenance. Now, however, S
the day-star of freedom once more dawned upon Europea—the
night of igneranre and slavery is fast withdrawing, and a glo-
rious day of liberty and l'appiness is promised to the awakening
world. Such was the happy situation of this country, that it ie. a
matter of ieditierence to her, by what arrangement the 'erst! object
of p•vserviesethe balance of power was secured, provided it.alionld
be secured by some arrangement ; perhaps, however, with this ex-
ception, that of all the objects of success, there was wine for which
this country ought to be more anxious—none in which the honour
of the country was more concerned, than the re-establishment of
Holland in the place which the had formeritoiteupied in the scale of
nations.
The Earl of LtvPoPoor. had intended to offer hut a-very few words
to the House, but the occasion was too interesting to all his feel-
legs to allow hut pass it over in silence. He might csmuratulate
the House and the -nation on the gloi ions successes which had, been
just cominemorated in the speeches of NoWe Lords ; bat .he had no
slight reason to congratulate then, on the unaniatens recline of those
speeches. They had all • been full of Rentidenste and honourable
promise ; and he could not pass thisapaelof the subject, without
adverting to the charley by a young and. Noble fond win) • spoke
early in the debate (Lord Clare), and who evinced _a large and THURSDAY, NOT. 4.
happy portion of hereditacy talent. Mut there was,-et keast, one • The SPEAKER having taken die Chair, new Writs were ordered
circumstance on which he alight dwell with genuine rejoicing. We for the County Palantine of Durham. in the room of Sir H. V. Tem.
might now use the words Balance: of Power. The nyerpowering nest, deceased ; for the Borough of Woodstock, vice Lieut. Oeeeral
strength of France had broken down the system of the Continent, 'Thornton, who has accepted the Stewardship of East Hem:red ; and
in so tar as inntual security had been the result of mutual rigour; a-for the Horsetail of p Yerkshiree in the room of the Right
but new, a flew light had daebed upon the world. It wal nut er- lion. Frede;•ick Robinsane viho has accepted the office of Joint
roneoue, nor lowering the spirit u t outer nations to say, that this Paymaster of this Majesty's Forces.
light had first dawmd in. the Peninsula. When lie leiuked to Lord COMPTON rose with peculiar pleasure, as the nature aids
that, he felt that war had assumed a new spirit, and he felt it with task had-rendered it much lighter. In the sentiments of the Prince
st higher and more animating hope of success. War had hitherto Regent on the subject of the continued indispositioo of his Majesty,
been the cenflict of Government aiiinst Goveenment : now all mnst par'icipate, and all must sympathise with tlie filial piety of
chaegtal its character, it was now, for the fii•st time ; the war of las Royal thaeoeste The state of effair.4 abroad was now ‘'era
the people. (Hear.) Such a cotiflict dill not seem likely to end as terent from tit had been at any former period of the w
toilets had dotaa (Ucae ) England had ti•ken a peculiar . share in Witleoee exceation)
(the attack on Dresde,
the intereats of that wae It hal now lasted five years : during that i reen 'a set iCs of brilliant victories: the cameaige had
and it sppeared, that evil' be:ore
time. she had 'ten Powers the least military in Europe singly OP j the late glorious and decisive operations, the loss of the French
pose that Power, to which all' the rest -seemed maapial• It was could not have amounted to less -than 100.000 men. The scene.
never to be forgotten, that, small ,as her territory was, Portugal indeed., with tpspret to France. was completely altered. Last year,
Was yet the first comnry. that successfully resisted. the general Austria and Prussia were hevallies, and tecrmted her armies with
enemy ; that the establishanent of the Poi tugnese army was, if not
the cateeest of their troops; now they
the example of spit it, iit-Thist of discipline, to the neiebbontine were embattled againat her
out the ensanenined What France oppose to the
stations; and that it was this admirable discipline which made it fit a:•miea arrayed against her? Raw .eon-cripts, dragged in
to stand in the- field, basalt,- and !there the. dangers rrf, Britishai from their ',ambition!, to treshaaattlea. Surrounded as the de`eot
-tfuels as they Vttre folly entitled to do in the judgment et. their " was .s‘itli hostile -armies, and all his supplies cut off, his situation

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 0.
Their Lordships having met about two o'clock, upon the motion
at Lord V. kLsiNGitAst, their Lordships were ordered to be suin-
. •
wooed for Monday next.
The Lord Chancellor then, attended by Lord Walsinaltam, Loids
Digby and Clare (the mover and seconder of the Address) with
some other Peers, proceeded in their robes of state to Carlton-house
to present the Address voted on Friday.
Their Lordships adjourned to Monday.

HOtTSJ OF COMMONS.

?igijbelitint I 011 the ellianelillied Wll:it CO'llli A: I ailuc
made it tit a:•iniei arrayed against her ? Raw .eon-eripts, dragged in eilAills
(WI BritiAto, I from their hakibitioir, to treslikattleg. Surrounded as the despot
i"t IA. their WAS -1% WI 'Untie -arttiieS, and all his suliplics cut of 1; Lis situation
