AMERICAN PAPERS.

ABSTRACT Or THE TILLAWRB RePORT OP THE
RaysNos.—The Nett Revende arising tiom im-
pens and tonnage, internal duties, diruct taxes,
public lands, pos.age, St.:. during the year, 1817,
amoun.ed to 21,365,211 dodata, 31• cents. That
which accrued from the same sources during the
year 1818, amounted to 26,093,200 dollars, 65
cents. 'Chat which accrued front the same sources
during the year 1819, amounted to 21,485,700 dol-
lars, 69 cents.
it is ascertained that the gross amount of duties
on merchandise and tonnage which accrued during
the three firs. quarters of the present year, exceeds
13,340,000 duslars ; mid the sales of the public
lund during the two first quarters of the year, exceed
1,240,000
The peyments in the trc..sury during the three
first quarters of the year, arc estimated to amount to
16,319,6:4'; and Use payments into the treasury,
during the fourth quarter of the year, from the
same sonrees, arc esumatedat 3,430,000 Making the
total amount received into the treasury, dullng the
year 1820, 20,249,637 dollars, 49 cents which
..eltled to the balance in the treasury, on the first
day of Janury last, amounting to 2,076,637 dollars,
14 cents. make the aggregate amount 22,326,244
dollars, 63 cents.
Ot the stint of 3,000,000 dollars, authorised by
the act of the 15th May last, to be raised by loan,
2,000,000 dollars have been obtained at a premium
out 2 per cent. upon stockbearing interest, ut the rate
of 6 per cent. redeemable at the will ofgovernment,
and 1,000,000 at par upon stockbeiuing interest, at
the rate of 5 per cent. There is no just reason to
doubt that any stills that may be necessary to be
raised by loan can be obtained upon terms not less
ISivourable, but as it is possible that the surplus of the
revenue, alter satisfying all the demands upon the
treasury, will he equal to the redemption of any debt
which may be contracted in 1821, it is respetful:y
btibmittw that the President of the United States
be authorised to borrow from the Bank of the United
Snow, or from other Bunks, the sum that may be
necessary tisr the service of that year, at par, and as
a rate of interest net exceeding 6 per cent. redeem-
able at the will of government.

(Signed) H. CRAWFoRD.
(From the (mune' t ial Advrrliser of Dec. 1'2.)

lIOCSE. Or RbI'ItEbE.NTA:IIVLS. Dt.temuLa 7.

Alt. Cobb gave notice of his intention, as soon as
the qmstiou now under consideration, in committee
(f the whole, should be finally disposed, to call
tor the consideration of his propositions, content.
plating a rettLmhment of the expences of tke
ciuvernment.

A document has ken transmitted to Congress,
containing a general ttatement of the Bank of the
United States and its branches tiir November last.
The total number of bills and notes discounted at
the Bank and its offices are 26,921,389 dollars. The
Bills of Exchange, tiireign and domestic, are stated
at 1,135,757 dollars. There is due from the State
Bawls, 2,62.5,996 dolhars, and there is due to them,
1,175,905 dollars.

CHARLESTON, Nov. 28.—The Spanish frigate La
Constant:on, with upwards of 3.600,000 in specie,
and the Deputies to the General Cortes in Spain,
from the Island of Cuba, and the Province of Cam.
peachy, sailed on the 10th instant from Iluvannah
tor Cadiz.

There are 27,200,000 acres of land in the State of
Pennsylvania. The United States, ace6rding to a
Report by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Senate, (hoed Nov. IT, have purchased from the
Indians 19 1,776,538 acres, which is more than
seven times as much land as the whole State of
Pennsylvania, and something mote than three times
as much as the whole kingdom of Great Britain.
CAPE 'IAA-rt.—Ed/Wei (0. a Idler from. Cape
Hayti, AN'ev.:2S.---‘• 1 enclose you letters to the '29th
ult. The events passing here will be Intim' interest-
kg. At the saint time I must mention to you, that
it is expected this Government will, in the course Of
next year, adopt measures that will have a tendency
to curtail Amerioan commerce—that is, to prevent
vessels front coming to this Island from any State
or place where ticgtoes and people of colour arc held
in slavery. The prisons have Mr been thrown open,
and more than titer thousand tior ps..ttis have been
liberated. It is too shocking to relate their miserable
condition ; sonic have had their hacks broke by has.
tinadoing. General Remain will be President.—
Forty millions of dollars o ere tbund in the citadel,
and a good deal of it is to be put in circulation. The
(Zucca, Prince, and Prineesscs, are in town; they
did not save more than what was upon their backs.
There are also several Chiefs who stuck to the King,
but it seems they have but a poor chance to save
their lives. I consider myself and property safe.—
Will inform you more in iny next.

Alderman Wood has finally agreed for the pur.
case of Marlborough House for the residence of the

Qucca.

-T -

.~. - -~
'LIi,

MIDDLESEX REFORM MEETIXG.
On Tuesdrty -thcre ras a :`.l..:eting of the r v..eho:O.crsnf the
County of 11ia.:1-,ex..0 toe Trs:rn, ilacknty. to take
into lanLai4etal.ti:l the i.ro,ri.-ty rt.:Rio:jag the Common:
Ilou.e o; Poe ...anent for a -Itero-nt h; the of rurnalating
the Ptop'.?. It was convened pur.aant to the day nained by Cie
Duke CH l'ord.:nti, the 1....11 Lieutemnt of the County, on a
inesentetl to hint.
P. MoottE, Esq. was e.Jled to the Chair. This was no party
que,tion ; all that they required wws to regain or restore the Con.
brittion.

31 ap
ARTIVRICIIIT stepped forward. and was received with
the warmest applause. Near 50 years had elapsed .ince they
bil-an to defend Reform, and he thought they were now approach-
ing the end of the chew. They found that Nohleaken and Gen.
thition who had once been very shy of Ucl'.lrut Low began to milt
of its necessity ; but the nearer th., apploached to tile attain-
ment of their object, the inure Import:tin was it to be cautious.—
He three Resolutions to propose to them, and he concluded
with moving the first Resolution, which urged that the Oligarchy
Fadion," had brought on a crisis that threatened
" political catastrophe," Su.
Tile Rev. Mr. Dn.t vz:l seconded the Resolutions. Ile thought
the time for Reform had now arrived—for the Constitudon, the
whole Constitution. and—nothinz but the Constitution. would
now satisfy thet.ople. Mr. Pitt occasion
on one sent a lueonic
ei isde to (S a entlpdnan since very high in tins law : Sir—Gat.
ton is now vacant, and at your advice." (Cheers and laughter.)
lie ado, nothing of the Constitution there ! One Member was
c-iled to ecentmt tor inaccuracy of expression ill Teaking of his
Con.tituents"--for he invi but our ! They wanted such Re.
loon as a odd make the House of Commons feci and sympathize
with the people.
The fist lle,olution was put and carried with one dissentient
hand; anti it was held up in to joaoste a wanner a., to excitz a
good deal of moritnent.
Major CARTWRIGHT moved the following Resolution :
" 'fhat although Montesquieu thought Mat " When England's
Path:anent should heroine corrupt in an extreme, ha liberties
would he no more ; anti although Hume vitwed " The Standing
Aenty as a mort:,lhistarmiaia the Coastitution, of which it must
ittevin..bly perish." yet, in the opinion of this sleeting our pie.
sent knowldlge in Repttsentation and hegiiltdion is so much sn.
perior to what it was in the times of those Philosophers, that it
is now practicable us dame statutes fix Reihrming Parlianicat, so
as to prevent sovernment by conniption ; and fur reaming the
tiotii..uit county 'tower. &c.
A.Jectl to unanimously, on which several voices called out fur
••11%.1,aips" to hold up his hand again.
Major. CARTWRIGHT next moved the third Resolution, which
was 0 the folitming effect t--•• That it is contrary to season and
tence to imagine, that any reform of the Cammons Rome
c-o'hl rove " :teatime' to out radically diseased body politic; or
we'd close the 'aide ni painful wounds of a State, :sinking (like
one rx;.it;"g of a consumption). unless modelled in strict accord.
gate the Constitution,"
Alajor Can awn I GUT moved a petition to the House of Com-
mons, Mantled on the Resolutions.

Mr. AI ILLa secontleti the petition.
Petition aged to. and yiaces named at whidi the petition
should ho tor siplar,oc.
Mr. WooLER observed. that he (panelled with many men on
amnion:of their want (.11,1 inciples ;Ike therefore particularly c,
ploined of tile IVhigs ; for while they had the word liefunn on
their lips—at least nina tenths of them—they had the inointe-
r.anee of die Borough System in their hearts. (Cheers. Ile ton.
lulled with expressing Its decided approbation of the Petition,
anti moving three Resolutions. first, *6 that tor vigilantly watch-
ing over all movements in the great cause or Itetorm, chile: in or
oat of Parliament, and in order to apprize the nation whether
such movements be constitutional or unconstitational r,—or in
what de;,ree imperfect, it is extremely tii I.e i'eiirea, thui. a few
ileciatal friends to constitutional Reform should unite in coans:l
and co-operation." Secondly, that it is the earust requot of
this meeting that nine gentlemen noor to be named will, tot the
ptuptttse atinCo:ll.l, consent to commit and co-operate together as
Guardians of coastitutional Itenam, llentinum
F.-q. Sir Francis Burdett, Ban.. Atajor Cartwright, the ttiiv.
W. Dra.,ier.(i. Ensor, Esti.the 11ev. lt. Hayes, Sir C. Wolsel?y,
Bart. It. IVillianne, Esq. C. 2,., Alderman Wood, Esq.'
Anti, tulMly, •• Tail as all reports and obscrvatioth to be nide:
by the i:sitt Guardians of Ilefomi will equally concern the entire
Ihnuocracy, or Commons of the United Kingdom, it is desired
that such reports and observations be uniformly made through
the medium of newspaper s. ote.
Mr. OTLANNAGAN seconded the three Resolutions, which
were tnen agreed to.
Mr. J. T. CL.tulie mom! the nest reeolu ion, spea:eing of the
necessity of a radical and suloshunial Returm.
Mr. Jlu.Ls secoinksl the resolution. Ile then moved that
the County Members be directed to present and support the
Petition.

lie,iilution agreed to.
r. BY NO he should with pleasure present the Petition;
and added, that he should support it by requiring the rotten
Boroughs us be destroyed. and the right of voun,4 eatended to
populous places. kle also should rettalie that the right of voting
be extendixl to all flutist:insiders paying direct tuxes. Thus far
he was tot going. Tilet•C were the opinions on which he had
startel !IC was confident if all the Iteltirniers were to conic
forwunl tinnly—if they were not to adopt revolutionary notions—
he was sure the Rouse could not long resist their united
(LOW cheers.)—lie was against Around Parliaments and Uni-
versal Suffrage; it was not the sort of thinA that was wanted by
the people. Rebirth, nos Revolution, was wanaid—(applause);
and if the people persevered atvadfastiy, peactfaily. and tinitly.
that Below' they would obtain..—(Loud cheer..)—lle, in eon•
alth•ion, begged the Its:formers not to give way to Use abuse of
public inn. particularly to . the abuse of the %Vhigs.—(Cries of
•• 'rimy are good for nothing.") •
Mr. S. W vaiIEAD would ever raise his voice for Reform so
long as the !louse remained any thing like what had been de-
scribed. 'rimer Petitions had been disregarded—but he would
have the Peutioners to persevere. '1 de question of the Queen
was not ten'el;ill to that of Betio n, and he lamented to add that
tile Lords hau nut shewn too miteh sympathetic feeling for the
people. Ile would have the Louis to be indepenuent of Court
thiour.

Atur thanks had been voted to th.: Lord Lieutenant for calling
the Meeting, and to Mr. Moore for 1,, conduct in the chair—
Mr. Parkins and Sir G. Noel having previously spoken in sup-
port of the proceedings of the day—tik: Meetwg was declared to
be dis,o:

It did not break up till after five o'clock, and till that period
he room rem:Linea crowded.

By advices from Capieruuo it was stated, goat
the A►nerican brig War, ior had been detained by
Lord Covitiane, but for what purpose, or under
what pretence we arc not informed : probably she
was conveying, ammunition or other supplies to the
Royalist party. his Majesty's ship Hyperion had
sailed from Valparaiso on the 3J of September, for
Lima and Panama, to protect the British trada iu
quarter.

- The Exeter Company of Comedians, who were
suppo:.ed to be log at sea in returaing from Guern-
sey, have lartdedasafc, atter encountering a tremend-
ous 6:11e.:

I[l:llTHCit PAUTICULAIOI.I

- -we" • -

LOSS OF MR eirim,v.4 TRANSPORT.
• -

•
r.xtrart of n letter front one of the persons saved from
the Manna I r inspnrt
On the s3th tilt. in lat. 4. 3a. N. lung. 23. 30. W.
ahmit 13 'ninnies past noun, the alarm w.ss given that the
Shill WAS me fire. It proved to he in the I.tztracto shaft,
the receptacle of all the ships stores and provisions:—
Every nerse was exerted in hactling water to the first
mate and PP•Inlell. Who were down in Ihat place, but All
proved useless, for the people in a t W minutes %sere
driven up front below by the th. 11•11! smoke, nisi, the rapi-
dity with the tire coinnianic:rtoti itself to every
sorra iiiii ling object. in Ira, or fifteen ',dilutes Irmo the
first alarm the case was hopeless, the ship being in a per-
fect blaze front lite nwitimed ell on the lower deck ; and
from the excessise Iwo of the upper one we inninciitai thy
expected ihe file to penetrate it. The skiff and two gigs
were down, and tie long boat high estough fur clewing
the side, when the dames ruching up front the after-hull
communicated with the main rigging, thew sip to the isia.-t
head like lightii.ng, and blitbted every hope of getting her
clear.

The attempt to paint the horror of the scene at this
moment were vain. ehrielo of the women and child-
ren, cominned with the lotion% element travelling On to
devour us, termed a picture of human misery that must
end the mutest heart.

The panie and confusion were such, that the longboat
proved tuu heavy to be launched by the few who acre
sufficiently collected to attend Its the orders given, and
on the falling of the snails yard arm she WAS stove. seeing
stow all was aver, and Ilse people were throwing them-
seises ()vet hoard and into the boats, also jutoped over,
and happily was picked sep by the gib, °or anxiety was
to save as malty lives its our three small boats could isms-
ribly swim witts. and I rejoice to say sisal lU were mira-
culously preserved.
. . _ _

A few animates after I quitted the wreck the main and
mizen mast- ; the thines rapidly advancing fun wai
drove numbers of the poor wretches tin the bowsprit,
where it was our hard lot to them le antic, without
neing able to retitle' them the least assistance. Vim will
judge how the boat, acre crammed, when husbands %vim
bad ciives and children still clinging to the wreck, ex-
claimed against more being received !
We kept close to the wreck till day-light next morning.,
in the hope that any vessel %Melt might be passing would
see the immense body of file, which continued raging
to three o'clock hi the morning, when every thing dis-
appeared. A hale before day-break, alien thinking only
on the awfulness id one situation, and the little cnaise•
we hail of reaching the coast of Brazil in our miserable
plight, WWI 4 ECM' 114111111octot only to make ,d,14 or. a ita„
imaged compass, and with item rely any water or provis
sions, the carpenter discovered a sesset else to tis,
seized our oars, and were on board of her in a tew mi.
nutes. Site proved to be Ili,. Cosideca ila l'unte, Pus tit-
gorse merchant ship, fi OM Bali is bound to Lisbon. Alter
relating to the Captain our history, we demanded of him
at what time he had first seen the light, Anil learned w.th
astonishment they bail not seen it at all—that their oats
course had brought them to the very spot n here the boats
mete Simi, of uur party instantly ascended the
mast, the hope of scrim; some tit our moo absentees
Boating on spars f and after intently sweeping the horizon
and Peeing maltng, the Captain was induced to cruize
about dm ocialdiourtiond till noun, when he said he could
detain the ship HO flinger.
This dreadful accident was occasioned by Mr. Doff, the
first male, forgetting his wonted prudence, in taking the
candle out of his !annulus to see soinethisig Inure clearly
with, when a spark from it, or the candle itself, (ellen
some eniatitistible matter around. His grief at having
been the cause Of all tHt tIC44IICtiOII MAO lutist, when SOli -
(Tiled to save his life. decline It—" No," said lie, I pity
Bose in the boats the most—for with its it sail suutehe
over, but they will be eating eaeb other iu a few dry-

Letters from Cape Henry (St. Domingo), now
called Cape liqtian, received to the 10th ult. Up
to that period the state of affairs had remained per.
feetly tranquil, the new government gradually
consolidating itself, and giving confidence to the
operations of commerce. The liberal donations
accorded to the soldiery from the plunder of Chris•
tophe's treasury had caused an unusual demand for
all kinds of produce. It is satisfactory to be (mated
to state, that during the entire progress of the hit.
portant change that has taken place, the British
residents have not only been respected, but their
safety has formed a sulject of peculiar solicitude to
the revolutionary leaders. This protection has been
the more valuable, as our countrymen appear, ac-
cording to the statements in these letters, never to
have been once visited by a ship of war from the
Jamaica station, a measure which, as precautionary,
was certainly necessary ; and its omission is, with
much justice, complained of; with reference both to
their property and their lives, exposed to the excesses
of an invading army, composed of the mixed popu-
lation of St. Domingo.
The new Bank notes will not be ready fur issuing
before April next. There are two millions of dif-
ferent notes of various amounts ready, with the ex-
ception of the number and dates ; and as the ma-
chinery, it is said, was rather too sharp for num-
bering the notes without injuring them, it has been
so improved, as to prevent a recurrence of the in.
convenience, A steam engine of great power is
constantly at work fur the manufacture of there
notes.

The corporation of Ipswich have in tl:oir powte
siou an original letter, in the bawl-writing of Gen.
Monk, the restorer of Charles 11. and afterwards
created Duke ()I' Albemarle. It is dated on board
the Reso/ution, August 6, 1653, directing the
bailiffs to provide for the sick and wounded seamen
in the fleet of the Commonwealth under his com-
mand, on their arrival at that port.

0
•


.
