I(M HALL, S:4S.IHII:AHK.

•
On Ft 1111ly a labouring Iliad 'trout! Fagan or Hagan,
rebuilt% in Deptford, came to the Justice-room, and

VW

gave information that one of his children hid been,
stolen front him under the following circumstances :
Ott ‘Veciesday last his wife, whilst walking throw*
the Broadway. near the Greenwich-road accompanied
by their little troy, about three yews old, wait accosted by
a decent middle-aged woman, who asked her for a pin,
and accompanied her, chatting a considerable part of he/
way home, when they were about to part, the stranger
pressed her to take a Blass of rum and shrub, which his
wife at first refused, but at length consented to drink,
and they repaired to a public house for that purpose.
IVltilst they were in the public-house, the woman took
great notice of the child, saying it was a beautiful boy,
and asked how many chit rest she had, to which size
answered that she had three. The wonun then called
for a pint of purl, fur all of which she paid; and as it
was then near four o'clock, site expressed her usaw i h g-
oes. to go to Litidon that night, anti inquired if she
knew any place where she could lodge. I 1 is wife having
recommended her to a noose in New-street, aid baring
given her her own address, accompaitied w ith a request
that she would call on her next morning before she cause
us town, went home. Next sue • 2. a little slier ten,
*became, and told his wile that she had I: its very com-
fortable where she had sent htrioi.srut for half a pint
(Agin, which she paid fur, although much pressed his
wife not to do an. AV bast they were drinking the gin she
distributed a few halfpence amongst the children, who
• ediately ran out to purchase something for their
money, and in the interim s.te took her departure. in..
about YO minutes afterwmlb the eldest child returned,
and being _questioned concerning his little brother, said,
that he had been met at the door by the lady, wit.) ease
him sixpence to pittchaselliniC cakes, and undertook the
care (tithe child in the Olean tune. Search was made
for tier, but in vain, and the poor woman frau.-
tic fur the loss of the child. %Viten tile fattier returned
home at night lie made ii;quiry through the neighbour
hood, andlearricd that a person ainwerit.i4 the descrip-
tion had been seen on the Lower I).:ptford-road; lie
pursued through Rotherhithe,• making inquiry at the
likeliest places to gain information, and he received in-
formation that she had stopped at a public-house near
I/tektites!. but made sib great delay, and here he lost
all trace of her. Site was dressed in a brown co:tain gown,
with yellow spots, red silk shawl, and black bonnet.

A few days ago three robbers broke into the house
of Mr. Currall, at Wood-Green, and plundered it,
of silver spoons, table cloths, wearing apparel, and
several other articles. They entered at the hack of
the house, and just as they had packed up their spoil,
the family heard a noise, and one of them sprung a
rattle. • The villians ran off with the utmost pre-
cipitation, and mitiotunAtely escaped At some
distance from the h.aie they disencumbered them..
selves of sonic of the property ; but their persons
are known, and they are likely to be discovered—
One of them was a lusty fellow in dark clothes.
Another of them left the murk of his ti of on the
earth, which is -hurt and remarkably broad.

ROBBERICIL—An extensive robbery took place.
one night last week at Edmonton. The house• was
stript, and even the lead carried off. One man is in
custody, and several others are supposed to be im-
plicated, Tuesday night the hair was cut from the
manes and tails of several horses at flows Farm ;
and there have beers many burglaries committed at
Hornsey. A naval gentleman's lodgings at Dept..
ford were broken open, and his watch stolen. The
villians were in the aa of carrying off his clothes,
but being alarmed they left the latter behind them.
Several London house-breakers are supposed to be
committing their depredations in villages near town,
of whom the road patroles we hope will soon givs
a good account
Thursdav, as Mr. J Clarkson, foreman in the
Ordnance Department in the citadel at Hull, had
just taken the place of a workman in making a slight
alteration in the draw-bridge, at the entrance of the
citadel, from Drypool, the bridge being drawn up a
short distance, the ch.dns gave way, unit the bridge
fell upon Mr. C. with such violence that his bead
and thighs were nearly cot off, between the two
parts of the bridge, which were closely wedged to-
gether within two or three inches, so that the point
of a handspike could not be got in to separate them.
Mr. Clarkson was aged 58, and formerly a master
builder in Hull.

Mr. Richard Flower. a most respectable farmer
flow Ilertti,rOshire emigrated with his property to
America, and has bought and settled with his family
on land in the Illinois. From that place, he has
written to his friends, giving an account of the
prospcctive advantages of the phke from the rich:too
of the soil, the salubrity of the climate, tend the
cheapness of living, but lac justly abhors awl con-
dom: the emvinuation of slavery in the United
Stott's, which ought to keep every liberal man
frc no its shores; and he does not, in our mind, lar
sufficient stress on the privations which a person
accustomed to the comforts of England most endure.
lie eau have no reetmrse to medical aid in ease of
malady—no intellectual enjoyment, for he lays there
are no hooks ; and it the) could by their industry
produce la tine a surplus of cola, they hat 110
market nearer than a 'iundred of
Up to the 13tla of October, 6a2 vessels had :grited
at Quebec sauce die o 111 l aurasccuareat of the seas ,M, 41.1 d
12,4 J 4 acatlen from Great Brit.aiu aril Ircl.tud.

podtdcrtpt-

LONDON, MONDAY. DECEMBER 13.
Three o'Cloek, 7). m.

TIIE PUBLIC FUNDS.

There can be little doubt, indied, with the ex-
eeption of those made by brokers, that nearly all
purchases of French Stock are made with a view to
permanent investment. The trouble and difficulty
of selling stock in a thrtign country are too great to
be encountered by private speculators. Connected
with this abstraction of capital are the presumed
wants of Government. The Revenue for the existing
quarte r tuust be great indeed, it' it is sufficient nut
only to maintain a comparlstm with the eorrelamtling
quarter of last year, but to make up for the defici-
encies of the preceding quarter; yet this will be
requisite, or the result will he equivalent to an actual
deficiency. It cannot be alleged, as at the last re-
pin, that the new taxes are not in operation ; their
real productiveness must soon distinctly appear, and
we cannot but apprehend, front the known state of
trade, that they will fidl very short of what was
estimated. The State of the Exchequer Rill market
is also likely to contribute to the depression of Stock.
Darin,' last week the discount on Exchequer Bids

has increased front Gs. to I S.; and though they im-
proved subsequently, and left off on Saturday at
nine shillings, it is presumed that Bills bearing
higher interest must shortly be issued, which. as
public opinion is opposed to a rise in the funds,
would be purchased with avidity, and held in per-
ference to S:oell. That necessity has not sooner
compelled the measure is indeed surprising, and
nothing can chew t:ie credit of the Government,
and the wealth of the country, more strongly, con
sidering how large a proportion is already absorbed
is the national debt and interest, than that they have
been enabled to burrow money at three per cent, to
the extent of the present unfunded debt. It is this
superior degree of credit which may be relied On to
counts:real the disposition to purchase fireign stock,
and which will check the tendency which the go-
veniment securities of all countries have, in a period
of peace, to find their level.
A higher rate of interest on Exchequer Bills, and
A lower prhe of the funds, as an approach only in
part t i that level, would reconcile every capitalist
to the securities of this country. It cannot, however,
be to ofien suggested, that the price of stock, and
the fluctuations of the market, are influenced much
more by the state of the account, and the operations
of speculators, than by external events. If the
notion ie correct, now generally e ntertained, that the
speculators for a fall have sold much more stock
limn they have to deliver,an3 which therefore must,
Are long be purchased, the funds must rise in spite
of every appearance to the contrary. The fiactn-
Axiom of the week have not been extensive, not
exceeding one half per cent. Conshls for the
account have done at 6G: and at 671-. The
seventh instalment on Otunium becenms slue on
Friday next.

I)IAPOLICAL ACT.—On the night of Fr'ally week,
about eleven o'clock, two wheat stacks, the produce of
tiO s, standing in the tick yard upon Barley Lands
Finn, in Great Biirstead, Lssex, which it about two
111.11..% (moot BilltoriCay (belonging to Lord P.tie), occu-
pied by Nit.. It. Barnard, vie e discosered to be on hie.
11Ir. Elias Barnard, the eldest son, returned from
On 1001, at the instant the fire broke ono, and oh-
served the light, then very snail!, about a quarter of
mile belOre he reached home; but it iner.-ased liehm•
he could alarm his father and tile family, who were all
in bed, and the tut) Slacks were, by the time he had
routed than, nearly in a complete blaze. lite young
snail numt•dialely F iddleil a horse, which was in the sta-
ble, and rode to Billericay with the inmost speed, from
whence the parochial engine was sent, and with the
assistance of a great number of persons of all classes,
who had by that time as.embled, the fire was confined
to the s'..cks; but after every exertion, the little which
was saved, we are apprehensise, is rendered, by the
smoke and water, of nu v4llie whales er. We regret most
sincerely, that we s:e slot able to congratulate the public
ou the discovery or 11,,, vile wretch who was the Cauac
1)1 lin, CinifliVlralion; Inn for the very laudable exertions
of many respectable character:, and the genera! good
conduct of the labourers, all the buildings must tine
been Met iiably destroyed. Mr. Barnard is generally
sy.pected ; he has netneter employed a thrashing machine,
tvo had at y rhyme wtill his labourers. properly
Rees[;( yell is fully covered by insurance in the Sim Fire-
irditce. During this melancholy scene, the duelling
houses of Ise., sir three per,ons Ott Solith•xreett, about a
mile from the fire, were elected and riddled ; and it is
fairly oniectm ed, Ili the d predator,: were pi.r.ons con-
nected its the former wicked transacuon.

Ttit STOLEN COILD.—Lt our Police nev.s we
have stated that a child had been stolen from a per-
lOU at Deptford. The little !sufferer was found the
game evening stripped of it? clothes, which were not
worth half a crown, The. fuller was in town
snaking enquiries, since Thorsiltly night, and did
not hear of the child's recovery till Saturday
Yl:err

TILE NATIONAL REGISTER.

111 ANsION 1101,28 E.
CONVICTION OP THZ KIENEN or A NOIORIOLIII GAMING

s (MSC.
J. 11orley, the keeper of b.lliuld rooms, Sweet ing's-reuts,
lie the Palish of St Barth .. ;.. mesa, by the Exchange, am
isrstrel upon isiforniat• under the lith of George
cap. YS. ore I. for setting' up, maintaining, and keeping a
semen fraudulent game, to be dries loaned h) the chance of
emil.•r the di • of she game of hazard, by
110161 he o as liable so the penalty of 2001.
The suforiiiiii ons laid by an eminent men, bans. is
resident in Ilse por sh of St. Stephen, Coleman Street, oho
oat led to adopt Ilse pi (weeding is: conscuursice of leasing
esperienred is the p. rage of a protegee, It) )rue •of age, the
dreadful tlleets alii la gainsaut estalslishniessts, or as they are
figuratively called •• 11. II,," me daily producing. The
ii' ii-poets ..f the y oung person whose mdi.en Hun hiss
olleuted to, n ere a shoe I tamr ago splendid, bat a lea visits
to Mosley'; put au end to them.
The hou e in rissessissa i. in .11 appearance devois d to the
Kam,- of helium /Is, and •t vf fresposited it,
• grit mere ly wlb a i..aeow. Through the agency of
prof •-ed galnevt %los bhair.d in the pi otit• of th concern,
those who t Cl/I.oller object; of plunder acre
soon introduced to the hay ail table, abseil is ktpt in 11
retired and pr. vale H/ she house.
lii. toisdeace toe 'smog ohm oas to the folio ing elks :
—lle Is lies aan Nlssiley.b house ; she game of Ina& do as
played in the fount room on the seeossil 1 •; a door led
ineo it from the loiditeg place, awl 111/4/iner fr the 1011114
Itilliterd-ineem, airs h Is the public ruu,n sin the saner
flour; Sloth these di... s arse, during the time of play, kepi
barred aoil luck il, and nevi r oprors• est.. pt to the voice 01
• Pe"." 1,1.00 11 the nias.frr of she house. Duristg play
the door was seldom Or IleVel opened ; hot lief are Ilia) C 0111•
menceel.shere aus an uodeiblllllll.ng giseo that proceedisis:s
were about to be,:oie. In the retie re of the room aas a large
eircul sr 11 over a hich a latap aus su-pelided, and roam'
the table Ilee players sat, genesully from six So ten. hc
ph, roataienced by, lie at the players taking the dice-hov
wills too dice in it ; tam Heber slice acre coveerd 1111 Ille
table, and naigssi he substituted fur those sis the box, upon
oppliral Soo 4,s at tend as (4. tttttt Porter.
hhr person who hold. the box i. called the caster, and be
roll. the 111:1i Is —4 hitt iv, he mem ieeissalleuel any number sin the
dice Aso., five t • nine, Hod them.% log the dine 011 the table,
comas the numb. r on Ilse Inn dice a.. his chance. the
ss Inch Ws called I). iii the (-loaner of Isis setter
11.•'.)r.• the inaio is c.illed, the enstei thro.s don u his stake
oho a %1111 liers.,ll present has the opt hos of coserissg,
10, as it is C. 111141, aellittg, by placing a similar . en the
ealelr. Far sostesteee, if the easter, wile,, being sin, calls 5
the main, and throws ishuirdialrly 4 and I or 3 and 2, lie
ni,k, et ( wins Isis •y at once). It he throat, 6 aisel I,
4111 2, 01 4 and 3, eneli of which 2 iittiethyrs make 7, lir
bets the odd-, which are 3t02 in his favour, Sims tttttt as
(here are .; way- iii thlowing 7, sod only 2 eil thioweng ;1,
and cont .s ills owing ousel cstlier 3 isr 7 c ttttt r nil's 11;
she toe seers he loses, by the Satire lie aim. It' he I ails 7
the main, and Iliesea• 3 env'. I, or 6 and 4,111 e odd. arc
to 1 Against hisn, ilesswourli as these are only 3 ways each
of throwing, the 4 mid the 111 and ii wayi of throwing thee
7, that sis, 3 011 each die If the raster %isliese, he calls is
main, and continues to do en till he loses, which ell the
tee helical phraseology is throwing Cu?. He then passes
the hos to the person twat to him on the !ell hand, who in
like nsansier passes it to his oriulasoor. Mot, ley is relllll
ner4t, d for his table very ttttt .ly. When the easter
throws in there mains successively, lie pays to Morley
a hat is calls il a hox ((isle of the piece% of the 1/011se With
wisiell the' game is play yell. The p.jeelt are eighteen-
pence each, and he gives them in exeliange 1.111.110,C), and
retakes them. The easter pays noshing sinless he wins.
The players generally leave off play' al eleven or twelve
o'clock. On Saturday there is most pixy, as Morley on
that day always gives a dinner at four o'clock, immedi-
ately slier whirl, Ilie play e tttttttt cores. (to Other days
ice and entice ale

Northfield, the officer, avrorr that he AOI Veil the notice
ut.o Leild4tit e at 31orley's billiard-town, !eaeetiuy'►-t cab,
'lllw defrinlant did not appear.
'l'lll. (Nei see.r id the pal vele deposed, that he had been in
Motley's hopipie, Nia. Y. SA rt.t1111,:'11-111IX. aPI 111 or flee
weeks ago; that Motley solid as an inhabitant fur au
organist.

The Churchwarden who collets the poor-rates its the
parish deposed, that Nioth y was rated as an 1111141,it.iste.
A number 01 ono; men, most of whom are ,tells, were
called to (wait m the evidence 4i to the system, but none
of them appeared
Tice Lod 3layor, after having made some comments
upon the vire of gamilig, convicted Mosley in the penalty
of Aral. ‘Ve motto stand that the defeittl.m; left this cotto-
ny for Ireland the moment pi oeredings hale instituted.
The gentleman ss Ili) 14111 the inthrosation was only lesliditi-
etl from prosecittitig the person who sobbed him, by the
outiar of that prison to leave the eottuti) tut ever.

The official pardon of Stent has at length been
communicated to him from the office of the Secre-
tary of State, and he has been ordered to be
confined in his Majesty's gaol of Newgate fur two
years. The intelligence was communicated to the
unhappy man on Thursday night.
The ice gave way on Jut 'inlay on the Canal,
near Buckingham !louse, and six boys were emer-
ged in the water, but were fbrtunatcly rescued by
means of drags. A son of Mr. Lilly, of Stratton
Ground was saved,after being in the water someitime.
