POLITICAL DlSQUisrrioN.

NUMBER SIXTY-THRtE.

WAIt BETWEEN AUSTRIA AND FRANCE.

We enter upon this subject with almost the same feeling and
solemnity, as we would propose measures for securing our own
independence, were the enemy uncontrouled master of the seas.
The same phenomena which preceded, at any one period, the es-
tablishment of a general system of conquest, rapine, and slavery,
begin to appears every day, in a more and mote alarming de-
gree. The terror and general sympathy, which the novelty of
the danger had created, have already began to abate sensibly ;
and governments and states acknowledge the empire of custom.
Familiarity has rendered the first terrible impression less mon-
strous and repulsive. A number of the ancient harriers have
been swept away ; the landmarks have disappeared ; the last
rnoundss hich intervened between our fields and the inunda-
tion, are shaken by its fury ; and Ise look, with stupid indif.
ference, with the empty stare of bewildered folly, on the vast
scene of desolation. No serious measures bave been proposed,
not even the will is manifested, on our part, to avert from our
neighbours the calamity, which, after it has overspread their
lands, will rage, with tenfold violence, against our own fences.
We perceive the danger of their situation, and may easily anti-
cipate our own ; their imploring cries are heard; their hands,
invoking as,istarices are stretched out to us; but neither sympa-
thy in their distress, nor the roar of the approaching torrent,
can render us more alert, or produce a corresponding measure
of vigilance and action.

The low vices of dissipation old avarice undermine the nati-
onal Character. An incessant pisrsta of pleasure, and of wealth
to gratify it, occupies our facultiPs and comprises our wishes.—
All the male and ennobling virtues begin to migrate from a (sotto-
try where they long sojourned ; and temperance, love of
glory, disinterestedness and patriotism, find no avenue into bo-
soms, which are incrusted with a thick and solid rust of selfish-
ness and base desires. The infection has-begun with the higher
class, and communicates rapidly, through the Fe veral grada-
tions, to the lowest orders of the state. The rich and the poor,
the nobleman and the mechanic, have now their midnight orgies,
and resort to means equally iniquitous in order to support them
—the one defrauds his creditor, and the other his employer;
whilst both display more alarming indifference to their social
obligations. Thus the heartless debauchery of the castle,and the
wild riot of the cellar, equally contribute to corrupt the moral
and physical stamina of the community; and our feelings arc
blunted, our strength too much dissipated, to be able to display
energy, resentment, or enthusiasm, sufficient to surmount the dif-
ficulties, or punish the atrocities of the pre4ent age.
These disheartening reflections rush upon our minds with a
painful conviction, whenever we take a survey of our national
concerns and pursuits.
On the part of the public, a chilling apathy is visible; on
that of Ministers, weakness, and irresolution. The inch:-
knee and improvidence of the latter are as repulsive, as the
inditference of the former is alarming. Every sign tends to de-
press; nothing to encourage. Though the most vital interests of
the country are at stake, its freedom, institutions, its very
existence are menaced ; a peevish, impatient, puerile, con-
cern is manifested about trifling grievances, which men of a
ceitain cast, were they to occur to thew in private life, would
Vat. I f LXV.
