144


?WON TUESDAY NIGHT'S GAZE
••••••=.lO

E.

BAN KltU PT S.
W. Broom, Walcor, Somerset, builder. Solkitors, Messrs.
Jenkins and Co. Nee lon.
G. Weill, Nottingham. draper. Sots. Messes. third and Co.
Temple,
V. Fleet, Aylesbury, Burka, corn Stealer. Sol. Mr. Baiter.
Gray's Inn Place.
it. Read. Newcastle under Lyme. carpenter. Sols. Moors.
Stocker and Co. New Dowell Court.
J. Angell. Deptford. shoemaker. Soh. Messrs. Woodward
and Co. Tokenhoule Yard.
W. Shaw, Thornhill Lees, Yorkshire, boat builder. Sol. Mr.
litelaye.Chammty Late. •
J. Manchester, tea dealer. Sots. Messrs. Ad-
Unglue. said 'Bedford Row.
J. and .1. Alloway. Bedminster. Somersetehirs, earthenware
dodo*. Solo Moots. Hicks and Co. Barth:Ws Buildings.
Holborn.
W. Allan. Seething Lane, Tower Street, ale dealer. Sd.
Mr. Van Sandau. Nicholas Lane.
R. Bradley. Bromley. Kum. victualler. Sol. Mr. Barldeley.
Leman Stnet,Goedman'it Fields.
C. Burton, 'Bristol, grow. Sul. Mr. Edmunds. Exchequer
Mks. Lincoln's len.
J. Rdwazds, Elder Street. Nortonfalgate, silk weaver. Sol.
Mr. Janus, Notitlersbury.
T. Roberts and J. de Yrtiorti. Broad Street, stock brokers.
Belo Memo Vanes and CO. Coleman Street.
J. mid J. Initial. Chalfont. Gloucestershire, dodgems- BM.
Ms King, litigant's Inn.
DIVIDENDS.
May 31, P. Phillips. King Street, lbseibraomew Clanbeinen.
Onant-31. T. Mower, Rahn/Mans flhamin. brewer-41. J.
Martennan, Hatton Garden, muessalenoathinGeroosisD.lllll=
Court, Miming Lane. merchant-SI. J.
J.
Market. fiehmongeo-31, J. G. Bow** Ifinalleilei Buildings.
breker--26, T. Clarke. Nottinghem. Weews, mamdhetuses--3 G.
H. Edwards. Craven Street, St. Martin in the Fields, wine mer-
ehant-27, G. Bell, Berwick upon Tweed, 000per-730,J.Travis,
Oldham, Lancashire. grocer-48. J. Mottratif, Brutal, hop MCI.
(bent...stn. R. Handel, Lumby. Yorkshire. dealer-1% R. P.
Alvin, Elm Street, Gray's Inn LAM.. sole and table beet brewer
-30. W. Fate. Settle. Yothshite. cabinet maker-01, E. Jen.
Pickeutone, Glamorgenshire, miller-2a, T. Jenkins.
Extra Parochial of Llarerithen, Glamorganshire, dealer-28, J.
Billirgliam. Uttoxeter, nail manufacturer-27, G. Walter,
Upper Street, Islington. linen draper-June 3. R. Perkins,
Lymington. grocer-3, J. Cragg, Watchmen. itonmongers.4.
H.
Laugher, •Birrningham, button maker-24, W. HOIMM,
Tomas, Devonshire. ironmonger.
- CERTIFICATES to be granted May w 7.
IV. Clegherti.ltatcliffe Highway. eheesemonger-J. H. Hop-
Mew Livbsiesi,_ _merchant-J. Cruokshanks, G euwd Street,
illifesurinuteo, *hada sash manufacturer-T. Meredith. sen.,
Shout Without. leather seller-F. Etaton. Wake.
iddr.- merchant-B. Holmes., Thrum Hall,. *Halifax.
meteltaeL
Smptrtal Vartiament.
. . HOUSE OW LORDS..
DOMILE, NAT I.
gad GREY moved that the Earl of Roulynolse added to the
ananduee appointed to inquire into the best mode of disposing
if appal, and the judicial business uf. the house.
The Earl of I.I.VERFOOL, nee to emend the motion. The
adds lord would have been one et the first named at the appoin
meat ot the convniuse, had be beta present when the subject
was brought forward.
The motion was agreed to,.and the Rath of Roselyn added to
the said committee.
WAR STAIN.—EarI GREY gave maim of his intention
tornove, on Wednesday next, for additional infounation respect-
ing the negotiation on the wet going on. between France and
Spam.
lstaoLv.twr wroas' Acw...-Lord CLIFTON. presented
a Whim from the -tradesmen and others of Selby. against the
Implying Debtors' Act. The petition stated that 15,000 per-
sons had been diathargod under the Ace. whore debts amoonnal
to 11 4011,0001. whilst their property did not excised one-
eighteenth of that Nero. The noble lord dliserved,, that thp,
tlfseatisfartion exipeessedihrough the country. in consequence of
the operation of the Insolvent Debtors'Aes called Unary ke the
interference of the legislature. His hope was, that amatedthlS
4
blight be done to meet the wishes of tbe trading part rf dm
taxinuy on this important eultject. It might, perhaps, botzpe.
In
dient to do away the power to arrest in partietiW eases; bit,
any View ef the subject, something ought to be t ne.
The petition war read tied laid on the table.
Lord CAW DOR ptesented five petitions from Pembroke,
complaining of agticultural distress, and praying tome relief
under die present tithe system.
fhe petitions were laid on the table.
We.toitys AND Massuars.-The Marquis of LANS-
VOW N Keaid he held in his hand a petition relating to a meet .
important subject. which would soon occupy the emotion of the'
house. The petition applied to a bill fix the alteration of esta-
blished weights and measures. 'Elte petitioners, who composed
the Chamber oft a nmeree at Glasgow, prayed to be heard by
counsel at the loar, before the house passed such a bill. They
were impressed with N bad that the Hill would do a gnat deal
of mischief, by destroying the long esteblisfied standards of
'eights and mamma without substituting any secure system.
They stated their &ll:opinion that nothing could be more uou-
nous, in the common dealing between man and man, than a
change in the standards of weights and measures, unless a clear
and regular system could be substituted. The noble marquis
added, that he did not know who was to move the first reading
of the bill in that house, but lie expressed a hope that it would
be introduced in a way to give the house as clear a view of the
important change to be effected by the measure. lie then pro-
pored that the petition be read.
The 1.01113 CHANCELLOR, upon examination, found the
signatures were upon two sheets. instead of one, and being in-
Menial on that account, the noble and learned lord. returned it
to the noble marquis, observing (jocosely) that it was deficient
both in weight and measure.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, under the above irregu-
Ivity, withdrew the petition, intimating a hope, at the same
tin ie, that the informality might not deprive the petitioners of the
opportunity of being hated against the bill, either in the com-
mittee or a subsequent stage of the bill.
The house adjourned.
TUESDAY, MAY 6.
Earl GREY adverted to the notice he gave yesterday, of his
iatontiun to move for additional paper' respecting the aciporkil
on the Spanish wart finding to-morrow would be i
tor his motion, and that the house would not sit on. TruPrgivedZd
was under the necessity of putting it off to Monday. He
on that day to make a few ohs rvations in explanation, upon
remarks unjustly, as he thought, made on him, as to change of
opinion on the Spanish question. Ile should be prepared, he
said, to prove that the opinion he expressed on a late debate, wee
precisely the sons opinion as he exprosed formerly. The noble
eal concluded by moving to discharge the order tot brihging oat
lie motion to-momm, and to fix it tor Monday.
The order was accordingly dal:barged, and the motion post-
poned to Monday.
Lord CAW )011 roe, pursuant to notice, to call the attention
of the howl to the present state of itidieature in Wale.. The
noble eel stated the defective state or judicial eroecetlin„;-• in the

_

•.

iTt NATIONAL

„

ISTEIt

-

,Principality. and observed, that the papers be should 130VC fur
would bung the subject more ininteclustely before the house. A
committee appointed in the House of Commons, to take the sub-
ject under consideration. had mule a report, but the result of
f
their labourslabourshad hitherto led to no practical advantage.
noble lord concluded by moving, that the report of a asuunitue
Wof the House of Commons. respecting the courts of judicature in
alsiNllrflikfted to the committee of that house sitting upon

Wre4l-1-
The Earl of LIVERPOOL objected to the motion. The
question befors the Appeal Committee was of such importance.
that, until their baboon were thought tea close. it would be
injudicious to press upon them any net matter. It was infinitely
better not to touch thequestion. 'There was no knowing at re-
sent how the of the committee 'maid Weer the
administration of j lei that house, but the arrangement to
be mimed be
might promote the administration of justice
asarrimas. When they received the report it would be tuns to
my Is the committee ought to extend their inquiry w the
omens el Ifingland and Wales. In the other house a bill had
bean Wen& in by persons well acquainted with the affairs of
I
Wake. sod when 0 up lathe lords the eutinet of Welch
I jdare would be before them..
Lead COLCHEST said. with losPee. to the mble earl's
ntedombe consideted foieign to the business of the Appeal
CoMmithre.
The I,OIID CHANCELLOR said. all be knew of the bill in
the she home was derived from the newn, comequeetly.
whoa Ihe=to that boom, his mind gz be unfettheed as
to tie
Lord CAWDOR replied.
. ellutemilime was theanntatieed Tidwell a diviebill.
Aliklethed. I
ItraIIZIDAT, SLAT 7.
let Atha- Novnien. had other Members Beat the Commons,
brought the Irish Tesaeures Bill. the kith C.oursty Treasury
80. NOP the Partite:ship Ihigulatiou eill, wbilix wee read the
thetlei.
Dan the Milk* ef the Bad of LANSDOWNE, the bleb
Cheriethile Leen Ilig vine reml the second time.
The olelom=leilr=e petition from Salisbury. pray-
, ing three a the Wmt ladies.-.-11se pen.
i MC wan read, and laid on the table.--Adjoulund th Friday
. relate, *AY E. •
The Doke of REAUVORT presented a petition from the
Mayor mid Como:Mho of Bristol agaicst the General Jail fill.
The Warehouses' Dill was brought up from the Commons,
with the aineadments male by tree Lords agreed to.
The Abolition qtgeOßE, pented a petition from York,
for the abolition of &very in the °Weeks.
SILK TnaDlsr—rite klerqui• of LANSDOWNE presented
a. petition from the'ank maaufactorers.of the city of London
and the Tower Liberty, prayiag foe the repeal of those acts of
Parliament which empower magistrates to settle wages be-
tween masters and armhole. in the silk trade. The noble lord
said he should' be seeepto give any opinion unfarmirable to the
useful and industrious class of persons who petitioned the
House, but he could net avoid 'Ong that the removal of par-
ticular restrietkos. operating only•oe one class, might be inja-
, "loos to the body, of the manafactorere at large. At the same
time, ender eiveneastamma.fortunately new, mid. operating to
eathic this conotry to be die successful rival of Warm* in the
silk trade, he thought it was the duty of Parliament to give
every possible facility to the petitioners. The petition was
then reed and laid cm the table.
The Earlof LavErtroob moved the third reading of the
Irish Militia Reiditotioa Bill.
The Earl of GOSFORD opposed the bill. on the ground that
it was a breath of leith with respect to the officers of the Irish
militia.
The Rath of LIVERPOOL explained the bill, and observed,
that the objem was to recluse a foram which was elective, bat
isespable of . beeg called Out upon active seraioe.
Lord CALEIOOIAIpo the bill.
Lord ELLEN ti said,, the hill wai to do.. that
which was oasseceseth y attempted some time Mom by a cir-
cular letter.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said, the bill was epee to
several objections, mad it ongbt to be printed.
The Earl of wiEgtvoL bad no objection to punt it ;
consequently the bill was ordered to be printed, and road a
Hunt time this day week
IRISH INSURRECTIGN ACT.
The Walvis of LANSDOWNE rose to pat some tweed/ins
to the nohle Earl, on the intention of his Majesty's government
respecting Ireland. it was. sodersteed some time since that
his Majesty's Ministers intended to renew the continuance of
the Invurrection Act.. .hie was diskette of learning, from the
noble Earl, at whet time the bill wee likely to come under con-
sideration, and whether any additional trifonnation had been
received respecting the unfortunate stale of Ireland. He also
might ask the noble earl whether the Insurrection Act wee the
only, remedial measure which his Majesty's government had in
view to sweet the disorder of that. unfortunate country, and
whether it was inteadsd to increase the military force t
The Earl. 4 LIVERPOOL.—.. With respect to the goes- 1
lions put by the noble kid, I have MO difficulty in saying, first,
that the measure to which he has referred will be brought for-
ward kith. House of Commons on Monday. The noble lord
had.asked, whether this is tie only measure to be applied to
the relief of I reland.—There ere two ether important measures
applicable to lreliuul ; but with respect to the tranquillity of
that country, the Insurrection Act is the only meanie. His
Majesty's government Wend to proceed to the adoption of the
measure for (Ammunition of tithes, wad dust for the regulation
of police, as permanent measures. The noble lord may know,
from general reports, that scenes of outrage have continued
from the period the papers were preseoted to the present mo-
ment. I,do not however wish it to be understood that the in-
formation to which the noble lord has alluded, is any thing
more than a repetition of those outrages with more extensive
combination." Whether military force was best to meet the
disorder of a disturbed country, would depend on the character 1
of the disturbance.
Lord KING—" I think it is not quite clear, from what the
noble Earl says, that a larger military force will not be employ-
ed. Lanett to ask the noble earl whether, ander the noble
lord's echthuistration, daring the last twenty years, Ireland has
not been a burden to this coustry ?"
The Earl of LIVERPOOL.—" I have no hesitationineap-
ing Ireland has been decidedly a benefit to this country."
Adjourned to Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
MONDAY. MAY, 6.
This being the last de, for receiving rep s.'s o■ private bWi
several wcru presented.
On the motion of Mr. CURINEN,.Capt. Matiby:s.petitiew re-
specting the life preserver. remuneration for the sane, &c.
wan
referred to a setter committee.
Col. WOOD then presented a petition from /Daises. against
the coal tam. (Hear bear.) Ordered to be printed.
SCOTCHKEVRESE%TATIt)N.—Bir.A BERCROM BY p tad
a petition Iron, the householders of Edinburgh, signed by up-
ward. of 7,060 persons, praying for a return. is the county re-
inesentativos fcc. of Swithuad. The_iubabitAnts of Ethaburei,


-----
amounting to upwards of 100,000, were the moseinel electors ;
bet the real electors were El individeele; nod indeed 19 of
them returned the members. That' one three thousandth
part of the population returned the members. The persons of
Edirdsnegh had se more to do with the election for their city;
than for the election for Corfe Castle. (Hear, hear.) Reformer;
bad feeqtiently been charged with being theoretical—but here
therm wan wet desired to he enforced. Is Scotland there was
nothing like popular election'. The right boa. gent. who bed
just entered the house (Mr. Chiming), bed said that the repro-
mutation for England war rerfeet, bemuse it was various ; but
in Scotland these- was not seek. variety; there was ne repulse
election ; the whole was an oligareby.--Sech opponents wed
champion bad said, show es a coos ot grietasoe; MIMS"
ought to be affueded ; and be here showed a case of grieeenrie.
sad either this or oest session he should bring ionised a bill to
afford that redress which Edinburgh had the right to strut
Mr. W. DUN DAS said, that no abuse was pointed oat ; no
corruption was even hinted at then would it sot be to de-
pact frets al the cutters of the Home to *eke from Edinburgh
those privileges which bad been secured by the set of Gahm t.
That each authority had been rempised, be might quote Lord
Herwiek.
Mr. KENNEDY was happy that this realise bad bees pre-
sented. It 'ilaised of &specific gri , and called for
a species remedy. The member for Edinburgh was perfectly
oemident. Ho spoke for those whom be represented—the
small ...hart who had been mimed% sod sot fee the inhabitant
bossehoiders, whom his did not represent—The
editionpeti would
hove boon tar more oesseresely signed, had it e would
hove▪
is their opinion, that it was almort useless to poetise
the lisuse en this subject.
Me. eALCRAFT doubted net that Omahas,* and the geoutry.
wadi be equally surprised by the deserirtionot the self-eleutod.
eleemrs of Edinburgh. The member, however, had pontosti a
comfestable career. He bad gone hem aloe to oleo, had
sleeted nod re-eionted—het leo •oolitests--altibe sew enjoyed
aa agreethtit oineeore of SAM. • yearj.--(llear, bear.)---!Wes
each was dm fast, bow geoid they expect the*, than auelsors of
that Meuse should be reformers. Perhaps be had let' eat toe
much reepeetiog the right how geodemaa's career, to -obtain
goy mlbnnees ;the oriateary Game Was rather MO meltable.
Lett SINNING recollecting bow much stage effern bed
bees observed in getting op this petition, be weir only sarprieed,
diet in a popolatioo consisting of 150,000.perreast there had
net been obtained more signatures.. Ho sees spinal tempe-
rate; or moderate, or any other reform ; and. be was spigot
tbetreform which woe requited by this petition—it was Par-
liamentary. reform by piece meal.
Mr. I. r. GRANT mid, to argue with the last speaker
would be autos*. Hs was against all reform. There were.
however,porsons in that house, Who, though not reformers, ad-
mitted that where a specific grimmest, was pointed out that
it ought is be remedied, this -nu moth a ease.
Sir R. FERGUSON said, that so parses had missed this pe.
Shoe who bad not a house of upwards of 51. a jut. vele@
the lnnaassidenoe, tied vale. of the boon ehmacterisid each
signature,
Mr. HUME said, that four-fifths of the householders bad
signed this petition.
Mr. H. DRUMMOND said, that this petition by so ream
spoke the language of the householders oflictinborgli. Reeel-
laming what means had been adopted% he visa only surprised
that the petition had not 40,000 signet •
Mr. ABERC&OMBY, in moving that the petiliou be printed,
observed ort.theeztremities to which those bad been driven
who said any thing against this petiticu. There had bees the
greatest care in collecting signatures; there were 10,168
householders, above dl. and 6847 of them had signed this pe-
tition. (dear., hear.) Had there. bees opposition—for they
were beaten ten to ono—osere bouebeiders would have mum
forward.
Mr. KENNEDY esplaised. The orms-elmitors were rated
ai 187,000-the electors was rated at 2,700.
Lord A. HAMILTON barns' been applied to to postpone
his toothier, said be should to-morrow move resoletions res-
pecting county represamatios in Scotland. He could out oto-
sent to further postpoommint.
Petition ordered to be Minted.
IRISH TRIALS..--IROUIR.Y.—AIIer nations ether Whims
had bee, presented, the Hesse trudged. into • easamilite to
resume the enquiry.
The clerk of the Crown was re-rialled% eta spin temente&
in eaplanatismof previous answers; bet be was very indistinctly
heard in the gallery.
Terenoe O'Reilly, of Dublin, attorney. was nest called god
examined.
Mr. Tomlinson, and several other witnesses were motorised.
A witness named tool was called, but did not intend • it was
stated, that be hod met with so widest in entering London, by
by a fall from the stage mech..
Cal. BARRY said, he understood that Pool was seen walk-
ing about the street% of London yesterday.
Upon this statement the messenger was ordered to go forth-
with to Pool's lodging, and order. his immediate attendance.
Sheriff Cooper was then celled iiiitno extunined.--The Sheriff
described the grand jury as having been struck is the meal
way, and as respectable as usual. There were not a greeter
number of the corporation on it than usual, led an hour
was takes op in investigating the characters of the ledivideale
oomposing it. Witness objected to several names, bat seism
political motives.
Examined by Mr..Plankett.—Recollects that an. elder was
issued by the Lord Mayor in November lest to prevent the
dressing of the statue, and that the oorporatioe passed a von
of censure oaths Lord Mayor for so doing.. The alectioe of
corporator, took place soon after party feelingeraahigh, parti-
cularly intim guild of merchants, who elect thirty-three opt-
poraturs. During the election a list of names was banded
about by the guild of merchants, at the top of which was- the
motto--'. Good men in had times." At the top was the repre-
sentation of King William treadiog upon the King of Clubs.—
Witness believed the Knave of Clubs meant the Lord Mayor.
Eight of those '• good men in bad times" were elected corpora-
tors and seven of those were on the grand jury.
The examioation went to a einigiditraWe length; after which
the Chairman reported progress, and obtained lute to sit
again to-morrow.
The other orders were then dispo,ed of, sad the Heise
adjouraed.

TURADAY. MAY 8.
Mosidwell Church Bill was read a third time.
Mr. D. GILBERT moved a clause to esable the vestry ta
elect ad additional number of trostees.
Mr. WHITBREAD said be felt obliged to appose this
clause.
Some conversation took place, in which Sir J. Graham, Sis
3. Macintosh, &o. took part.
Clause agreed to, and the bill was aftetwvds passed.
Sir R. FERGUSON presented a petition from merchants of
Dundee, praying that all restraints on Saheriei flight be cc-
' ,cored.—Ordered to be printed.

"=IPI

.•11•••••••••,1

~-

Mr.POYWTh ebeteal thet the Peddwaliale eel Porteeariehery
Bill be frMi • third dew •
Mr. BERNAL newel, wen aseedment, that it be read a
third time this day sic neeethe.
Sir I. COFFIN opeowil the bill ; it was not a hill of regu-
lations, but of excleeieeq. s 110(1140tare it bad brew an open
fishery. He remembered fishing there wheii he wee a boy.
Mr. POYNTZ denied diet the hill was we of exclusion—it
was ewe of protectioo and regulation.—}le ball so reason for
not presaieg the MIL
The ATTORNEY GENERAL protested spied the bill, as
toadies to mks away *Gomm* rights.
Mr. W. SMITH opposed the bill oa like Prim4l9a
Mr. HURST supported the bill, Mr. Sykes oppesed the
. bill.; sad Mr. Ilnakissue wished this bill to be withrienws, sad
a public bill to he brought in, u the edited" oysters were ea-
warreetably disturbed.
After some remarks from Sir W. Dr Crispigney, &o. the
House divided. Fur the bill 39—fur the amendment 117.
hill lest by a majority if
lideteetcc Texartots..--.Mr. S. RICE mewed thle
reading of the Limerick Taxation Bill, expeessieg•• the here
that lie 'nicht be allowed to go into a committee. There had
been the grossest Anises die taxes bad been leech Misapplied.
TIieSPEALER asked, as sic o'elook was oppreisobing,
whether the Howe weed proceed with the animate :badness.
--(Cries of" Go on, go ou!")
Mr. S. RICE proceeded with the bill. If there wore any
er.wednienteus proems, he should be Impel *IMMO to etteto
in the oreinwittee. Here woe • ease of ethlingemsey, end Ilet•it
not go forth *lreland. the because it timeless'. the kiebosef
Cowmans would sot hates to it.
Mr. WODEHOUSE obeerved. that Its had hew Clitinold
of a former committee es this sabject. sod (hot eireesstaories
anise met respeotieg dm taaahsa of Limeriek, whisk as bo-
meenkle minds weld appreve.
• Me. O'GRADY slimes& the bill, iseieteleing that it wait to 4
soneelidato abases, mad to Wrentham Ike resew at of n•
Weak" members few Limerick. He maintained that the hill;
lead eat hew brought in seconder to the foveae of thee/mss. .
Rawl a wiemod time and ordered to be oonmeiteed.
Si, R. MESON wished to Iseew whet mom was to be pur-
sued, es time bed arrived rue weemonwristg the eiscrairy, mem-
bers em bode aides giving way. • The noble lereL(A. Nasalise)
was ready to-give way respecting the Scotch reform question.
Sir 1b WEN satocz lamented this delay, biomes be had
Uwe Nesbit le ban leeward hie isallien moieties agrieultwel
distress. After the dale, that bad takes place, he knew not:
when be weld briag forward that importeet motion.
Mr. CM,CRAFT bad no objeedoe to meneedle his motion fee
the repeal of the leather tax to lbs estiseiry, red to the soda(
for the renewal ofthelrish Isserradiee Act, es the uedermand-
ing that be should have precedence on some future day.
Mr. PEEL thought' it would be beet to go iota the inquiry
at eeoc ; and the arrangements ,boat sabeneeet order( end
oedema amid be mete privately.
The earrereatthe Jewel sifter memo metarke froositir-J.
Macintosh, &o.
lase RDA TRIALL—INOIIIIIL--11se •CRANCELLOR
adie EXCHEQUER wired that the order-of the day be sew
read ferreselviapieto a weeinitte• to proceed with the await,
late the seeded of the Sherif (Therpoyef
The order of the day Ives then reed. •
Coked BARRY was afraid that the esquiry weelikeertaisly
and wooled* this week. After the esendeationeefiloaday, it
world he requisite the him to require the attoollemeeof farther
wheats's.; end if they bad to come from Indeed, it would
be clear that the enquiry eeeld not owelede this week.
The House then resolved into the ememittee ; Sir ILHeren
took the Chair.
Barret Wadden was *ma sailed to timber. He resided at
Dublin, and was a silk anaufeetwer.
Esenthied by Mr. Williams.—Witnemeknew M'Consel. who
was examined ne Monday. He raw WCienel the day after
the riot, tied he saw such penes after *striate. He made a
oweenenkaties to witness. He expressed eeteedebeseat at
Silt Thowe's emodeet, having seen Wee the ceasing biters ;
end the emodeet afterwards appeared as if. he could not have
been in his swami. At a oeaversatioe eat witoess's Waite.
Sherif Thorpe, enietigst other things d—d thslated Mayor ;
mid as to the primmest', k acid, they would go to trial safely,
• fiche had lakes oars to have an Unnge jpri, He also re-,
marked, that the Marquis of Wellesley, aid be d—d to him,
should demo gremlin that wonky. As they were going oat of
witness's house, they aN said—be d—d to the Marquis Wel-
lesley. Witness deemed it due to his weeiry to woke this
communiemiee to the Goverrintent, Witness bad been
tenfortenote ia trade.
.Ms. Pool. a ownwein eeencilmaa of Duldie, was next pet A.
the bar. .He said he bad impeded to he pet Da the pseel, and'
be considered that he had hew Tog IN seed he not beieg pet
on We peel. The widows prose/idea to shew that this paint.
was formed differently from termer panels; here was met a
single Catholic on that panel, and only two individuals who'
deserved to be called rather moderate mee.• The individeala
who formed the greed jury were also of a less respectable des-
cription and rank than thew essally appoieted greed jurors.
The next witness was WM. Trey, a reasufeetterm. He was
examined as to occurrences previous to the riot at the theatre.
Hie exansiestion having eonoladed the House resumed; the
Chairman reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again
te-monew.
The other orders were disposed of, and the How
at a late hoer.
wEDNEsDAY. NAY 7.
General CASCOYNE postponed till the Ilftd hertant,
his
motion seethe order respestiegAialf-pay to Ireland .in Enlist
currency.
The.prewieling of the eglpulkellethe Beer Duties Bill was de-
ferred till to-sorrow. ?in
Mr. RICARDO preeeeledspeatioes from Arbroath, &o. re-
specting the stamping of linen.
Mr. CURVV EN resisted a petition from some Owe, the
name of which was not heard in the gallery, praying fur the im-
positional a duty on foreign tallow.
Mr. RICARDO spoke against the prayer of the petition, as
requiring what was impolitic.
Me. BENET (Wiles) urged the necessity of Topsail's' the
day en tallow candles, as it was • duty that fell almost wholly
en the poorer classes, especially those in the country.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE spoke in favour of a ditty on foreign
tallow, and observed, thet we, °sea trot to be very nice about
utfeadieg Russia. Out of about a down articles that lord to
be extorted to Kasai', sis bad been prohibited by Russia, and
the others heavily taaed.
Mr. RICARDO said the agriedlftwil Interests were already
more pretested them those of
be
aeries. lie was deeply
lbeieweto‘peneawalps imbed be was ametthe advocate of
waseekewied,fiesidods looked ooly to what
was ealedeted to araaag *Mpeblie.
Min *WET (Wilts) wedowded, that the leaded intereati.
were aispespertionelly haftleited. (hawed to be printed.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

ABOLITION or Stavner.—Mr. S. WORTLEY pre-
sented a petition from Bradford, Yorkshire,' for the abolition IR;
stavery. . 1
Mr. LITTLETON presented several sLeilar petitions, from'
Stockdale, &o. He was aware of the delicacy u. the AlNeel..
but be knew of nothing that could standda the way of that is-
prescriptible rigbts of Man.
Similar petitions azainst slavery wenOpresented (rein Hors-
, ham, Sherburne, Darlington, South Shields. Ruse Mead,
1 Wakefield, Yorkshire. Sunderland. !Rockdale, Welliug,
Chipper' North.' Lancaster, Damtridt, Chester, Mattock,
.Belper, Stowe Market, K.eadal, Trim !Preston Lluddertheld,
. .
Slietlield, dtc.
Lord A. HAMILTON postponed hi. resolutioes regardieg
Sootch county repreeentatiove till Teethe) "eat.
BEER TRADP..—Mr. W. LAMB presented a petition from
farmers sod others of the comity of Hi-Weed. praying ter • kw'
and open trade in beer. Petition read end ordered to be !iprinted.
Sir K. KNATCLIBULL presented epee/en from Maidsteee,
against the duty on cowls.—Ordered topriated.
Mr. LINDSEY presented a petit ldaiii ham Diodes, tieu
whist the lined laws.--Qrdered to he siktdd.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented • pertitrialthas Kirkcudbright,
*pleat the duty ou awls mad slates.
• Si.avrte,—Mr. F.' BUXTON postponed till Thursday.
May IS; his modes reverting the abatis*, of. slavery in the'
Ihritiab dominions. He could lot I,,ain postimat it m ne,
amment
lard. NUGENT P•MPO•O4 lit the 9atbibi•l2olo/004.1.141
lleglish Catholics ;—th extend to them best:fits nihilist beam
ponied by the Stomas Catholics of heard.
G.. I& BM/UGH/LH presumed • peal from Wm. Cobbett,
*eying the Manse ii.passe befare A fid the sale of guise.
OM implerisi Um House to take iiitio ceihideratioa the game
keit& . The mos was argued in Um pontiff with gum fortis.—
/hi petitioner raid that is Berkshire *Mere mem IT prism&
,21:of therm for peasbiag, Mao et Mom haa. lima, ape
by clergymen• as magistrates. At Minlssahlr MN
yam( areatintbee• begged for maiming Sninatienerme. '..- ','
. Issrd PALMERSTON said, that one of time .permas was
balogod for murder, the other for themisdas at a germo-deeper.
Mr. BROUGHAM said. it war evidsmithat the object of Me.
Cobbelt was mist to jostify the murder ; &waste academe souk ,
harsh laws.
Mr, BEN ifff.(Witts) Asseviiil. that SR gamirtmes regained l
eieleatiess.--Orderod le be primed..
' *mid mime pal* irlitPlaillipt _4l4lllllllllMitpetie.
"II"
fr:icil:P elteras4l•ll"l""sll47ab '
(signed by 11,0111, r,) Inipekitrid.
Mr. AB BY 4MOlllllllOa el "no 11.160 eolith ma
pectimg lamellae:say. Bordimick,(Bsedlod.)
The reps. if lbw Grated he
PreamshiPemis IN was adored
to be Prllololllol eit Mosisy.
Inset Iliiiihtemarion.—Efr. GOULBIIIN gird aeries, that
emillimilikylimat be abound move for lamp to bring is • bill to
mom * !sigh Insesmietioo AeL *: 4
Isola Tlilirt 111.--flatatre Tltemruir—ille. • CALGRAFT
mere* Mat* Herm pinto • .eaceinittee lonesome .liirlrish
rommiry.— Agreed to.--Order read. i
&r R. ARMOR took dm Chain • . .
Th. Put of the Crown, Dobai. sod Mr. Sherif Geri,.
wore ordered to be called. bet they did lit appear.
.Mr. WILLIAMS them moved that Mr. horgfast Harris be
idled. *
She Cooper appeared at the bor. -Mir Lad 'Week Mr.
'NMI Ma theirsam. in ompagesoce of Sr. 4'. having coiled ea
witamis.' Ho aniatiesiod die oulpost id M.
Iberia' Thorpe ;
he thseghtillimifrimpo ..Jrpkiasid litiaight ant—object to
Pool es samundepf bir pribinal gibbons. N. No mot *unbelted
oath
Kr, el the part' of ilia emoveranties
140. 0.141010. Ibm 4.1•41, • ' Xs. Whistler ;
witness agreed with dm Solotibarte pradts were a the
rtheipts made by Mr. Whistler's payments qoarssrly,to wits's*
*eh piynionts,ised beim MIL A
• By Mr. SRISIIIT.--Witedsa mid Sheriff Therpe *aro of
different polidusi.splaiess ; bat they'evestually agreed is re-
jeoting Mr. Pool's ithwert from tborpsool.
By Mr. PkiMNIGETT.—He could ma-say whether be or
Sheriff Thorpe-4nd suggested Mc. Pool's reginties. It was in
I consequence °frame emaphiat from Peel • lot be could not
may eased, what the complaint was. 114 maid not say that
' Mr. Pool complained of a branch of peasnice. he was nut sere
that Sheriff Thorpe had promised to plaesPoel ow the parted.—
Prom what he bad Mace learned ha believed that rod bad re •
1 mired each a proedse.
Mr. Mansfield wee called and esainined at length. His les-
Amway treat to spew that the jury was on ibis ocaasiom fanned as
y. do isomm timaitioas ;. bad knees imitaoths of persons applying
to he pat la grandjuries. The jury on this occasion was as
respectsibli ea oo former trials. Mr. Carpenter, one of them,
^ was a violable,. Mr. Amber, another *Ahem, was Gene:sly a
osooilistarr ma. Should net know as Orammisam if he saw
ire. C“4 ortgany that Mr. SlierilThriaps was sa Oranganna.
--. .Witneas wouldisaye couidered itlriproper to pot any 'nth-
'tt "hal on the panel who bad said be would throw out a bill.—
. Mid keens Roams Catholics on grand *Me. but there were
imam as this jury. The Motes* thee withdrew. . .
. c.d. BARRY wished now to seara.dtet be was about to c
all
sow of the.grand jury, and to omission diem, but as they were
mew S. athersy es to certain mato% ilk thought they shoeld
'fos'orsiiiissli that they atom ass board to answof ally question
Ailisb they did sus think proper.
..,.diosibis 'tins a tang ermeslibnea took place. It
g tbat limited, the gators would be .object to '
• aims osisioatiosa as caber iotiadioale were. Ansi. a tang
~
r
vorsabs• tbis quotas,' was peolpleted till to-morrow, odd
ed. Dory said be isissidlprososSmith Miser milmesees. if Um
liveilijory abeeili otprot in wremem. • •
i Sir 11. W HITMO E was allied in and a:endued by .Col.
harry—Was est ea Oi anginas. bat • friend tothecilittion—,
!recollected the proceeding of the rand Joey with respect to
these bills.—There was impiety Luelleig,e-The object of every'
thee appeared to be to diroberge Isireety fairly—heard • report
jb.t Sheriff Thorp% had said be had an Orange Jury in hie
r.eket ; had othversation with the Sheriff—mud if be modal
'Uwe seen the lewd reason to believe the htheid hid dome so,
'he would not bees meted am mammal on the -Jury. and he told
ibis Iboriff so.
In mower to quearione pat by different members, the witness
said lie was one of dims Who held la reverence the memory of
King William. It had boss oval to Otiose the Status; sod
dimes* believed the rim et the dintree.oliginated la the irri-
Wawa .used by the Government preventing that *comatose
Whited plum,
those other witaesscs were etantined, sad at the usual hour
the Hawse rimmed. The Chairman reported progress, And 08.
lathed leave se sit again.
The Mbar orders were then disposed er, and the House,
adjourned.
TNIIRSDAY. MAY 8.
'W. H. SUMNER, fur se bun. member (Mr. Martin, we be-

thews pro Aleit eallleeday he should reeve for leave
to bring its d INR Itibbolish
rahlutts, pnyiag fur the abolition of slavery in the British
dominions, were presented from Leicester, Salisbury. Pem-
broke, Hull, and from I other place*. They were read,
and severally ordered to be printed.
Mr. DENNISON presented 'petition from Epsom, praying
fur a repeal of the coal duties.
Ordered to be printed.
Trate BYSTEM..- Mr. JONES presented a pelitin from
owners and occupiers of last( in Pesionskeshire. as the subject
of tythes.
Mr. fIUME called the particular attendee of die Moose • sad
the clergy is general, to the character of this pedant. it 000-
Viilled • moat liberal proposition, the 11.110 fibersl prevent*
that he had yet heard :--the petitioners hid not desire to effect
the nteents of existing clergymen—they offered to bey of
she
tythes, after the riteof 2d !ears' purehnse.—(Hear.)—Pclition
ordered to be printed.
Laid ALTHOR PE presented a petition from Looglitveroinim,
praying for a mare summary and cheap 1114,11 e of recovering
mall debts. The petitioners, ainagst other Wogs. mentioned
the fact, that an individual, iu panne' at that wins for tbe
recovery of a smell debt of El. had bras sobjeeted is mak
coats to the anent of 901.—kliear.)—Petities steered Se
printed.
Mr. BIRCH presented a petition from Nottingham (we
believe) praying for dm enthrals of slavery in the West (*diem
pie did mat know what might be the views of the.. Who•wegod
forward this question. He was considerarly insprested in Went
India property ; and Omagh be would not state what none leo
Mould purseepon the approaching datiesseies,imosaid wag hot
°bairn that many exaggerated materna, lied get slimed
cossetted with this ,sestina.
Mr. DENMAN spoke is Anew of tar abohlion of ohnemy.
as prayed for by the paßtres. Its pi-Maple, he thought, not/
not be disputed • sot that the numbie of Waves had diminished
since the ebolitien ef the stave trade
Mr. SYKES wished to see the abolition carotid, the=
did sot desire to view it ear* by deamen; bit
the House never to beget, that every moirung 04,000 solpeibe
roes, and wen denied the boaelta of British law.
Mr. P. GRENPELL shoo opeke is BMWs of the Mme'
Pa ordered to he panted. •
Mt CA aLit.r.—Mr. HUMS prowled r
:1411011111611111111'.
Carlilm sow oualined is Dorchester jail, for tbehtlele•
famine of the Haase, as the term of his imptiereemest had'
pired, and as he was how confined on accuantaf the
expected that the Govenuriert before this time "maid havehe-
terfered. The hes. member spoke amply is fines
earaile's gamma eliansetor; declaing that be wise& strimphir7
father she lissisawd, sad an eseellest wrighheor. In 1610, dia
gietitiolior was driven to greet *tenth aid that helmet -a
.ilowilloo of Sherwite's pamphlets. Eentaally the palliderne
pordasse d the Aapieler. and coded it the Mmesthean.--111st so
&Snail wash to ail that, and to *peas of Paises.thoologioal
writings. he oosid not sal his intertidal. of Itilk-eilbedgb it
had bees meet araspianossly advertised. Soak bowomm. wee
she elect of the promposteens, that be mild that edifice, and own
afterwards another edition of 11,000 copies; when bib 41111/4t was
pennon& dm Beforeii•as nee to 15,000; sod dfcallsee
Dwarf, alter* preeentioe of the anther, nee front a titer
huadreds to 12,000. That was the •••••111•••• of as nor
aeon and anjust a system. He theacomplaned of *bodge's
intension' of *defenses as sow sat: unwarrantable donnas;
esdl the sante of the pedantries peoporty. dl tin hooka on
the premises. es well as the lihets, when wen hapt fee than
Weald tbe
years. Was sot that a monstrous proondingt
country hive borne like catmint towards Meows. Rivi
the religion booksejers, ifthey had ben foamd guilty rip:ltr& -.
lishiag irreligion libel f What would the Hone have said
of the seieure or 13,000 volumes, sad the keeling of Mena for
three years? The petitioner sold, had the SWIM ben left, ex-
eeptlarg the alleged ideas. it world have produced. near 1.0001.
Thmlease of his house was sold. his eensole Mated oat.; ylid
aitere this acting the petitiner was still reeked to pay Sues
ware anon of LAOS. withal tome. SO theamenat d 101.
Me agreed with Ihepatitimare,4bst he wee plasod•ia as OWL'
• 'opted 'Wailing ; that ho bud been eienttly {grind qf pro-
,porte ; and that he was atilt kept. in acatedy, although ihe
term of his imprisonment expired. is December last. lie pre-
miumd the petition with the contain thit it merited tbe N-
issan of the House.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL sad. that the libel 4.whieb
Mr. Csrlile had hen fond gsJty tie i before been rgyeatadly
prosecuted and punished. As to tai defeats, Mw Cedile's was
one of ninekable leagth. It was int ose-ofevidoweie—#t was
one of address to the jury, Oa the first day lir. C.onamenard
his address at eleven in the morning, and eontiond till ten at
night (bear) ; the next day he renamed et tee and mootinned
till seven ; and on • third day, he again begat at tea o' eras
arid closed his derma** at sve o'clock. (Hear, hem.) Mr.Cu • o
111. thus proireend, sad when brought my for Atavism. !read-
dressed the Court at greet length, but wither/I imerruptioe.—
As to the seinre of the property the Geveranseat bad sulking
to do with it ; the prosecutors applied foe the wait. and it oras
competent to Mr. Carlile to resist it. Mr. Sheriff Parkins-ImA
the writ, and had executed it.; and before they rent to Milo.
Mr. *tattle essiwined all the works seised, 40,000 volomes,
and all that could be sold out of that number, fetched nay brit.
As to the Meopaoity dike prisoner to pay the fusee, the boo.
nonlife lied spokes of the vast number of copies sold, and
tionequemly there moat hate been immenie receipts.
Mr. LEN NA RD condemned the excessive pusialimeot and
sad the enormous fines that were heaped on this wretched man
Such proandiugs were &monist the bad sites of the tines.
Mr. 11.1JME, is reply, said, as to the works soli, it would
be recollected the produce was eapeaded la Mbar wake ; it
became invited is stook.; thit Moak nat osisidnind "yet the
hues werereqeired, as if air. Catlile had sold it sad got the
money.
kir- PEEL thenglit die recegoisanotalied sot howl eitor,d.
He should olijeet to the priming of Wit petition, as dre margin
tit onetainit nano reinesscos to hooka declared
The House of Common was out Outs to be made the vehicle
to ci. culate the emaJeused and selected libels *1 60,000
volumes.
Mr. 11U3IF. said, it could be printed without the ntareast
Mat eme me.
Mr. PEEL was against this course ; it wee sot for the
House thus to mutilate documents.
Petition ordered to lien the table. Mr. Home Ann* he
&liquid reserve to himself the opportunity of hereafter moving
that the petition be printed.
air. HUSKISSON presented a patties from the bakers of
Liverpool, prsytog that the Loudon Bakers' Act should by ex-
terled to Liverpool.
Mr. OREN FELL observed, that it would be maid to maks
such act general.
Politico ordered to be printed.
(For containing use page 150.)

.

ITNMDA
JEltyythe Especial
LL PATRONAGERYA L G ARD EoNf His
will
t..I•EN sat MONDAY, the 12th instant.—The Proprietors
1-"PeCtfally amsonnee, that duringthe rectos they have spared
'Amber pains nor expense to mate the Gardens worthy the
erippurt so liberally bestowed hat reason (the first anti only, ono
their being in possession of the present proprietor,) —The
einu.einents will, as usual, commence with a gland Vocal and
Lestrumentel Cot:cert. Two new Theittres have been erected,
one with appropriate scenery and decorettoos, wherein juvenile
ballets will be represented. The celebrated Metteieur
or the Royal Academy of Music at Parie,,aed late ballet master.
of die Delimit Opera House, wi.Ltontluci this department ; Roe,.
trader. his. direction, a numerous Corum de Ballet has been en.
gaged. Their performances will commence with the Beet of
Cendsillun. In the other Theatre in the Rutunda, a Novel Ea
tertainment will be presented, diversified with Disloote,Sersgs,
and Imitations. The French Ali chanical Theatre has teen re-
teodelled and improved, awl the immense spare occupied last
season by the Sub-marine Cay.e,,, presents now a view of the
Bey of Naples, by moonlight, Red a vivid Representation of
Blount Vessels's, in a state of active combustive. A.Revolv-
ing Nominated Foantaip, and other Hydraulic Exhibitions, will
be produced on a superior. scale. beeriest New COIIIIIOIIMIIII
have been added and placed in e igible situations, which will
be changed dosing the season, sn as to regent a variety of
lipterestiug Views.and Seencry.,,yl Magnificent New Castellated
Moorish Tower has been erected, from wheats', the Fire
\Yorks are to be exhibited. Tbe Ascent °gibe lime. which
Its& been heightened %0 feet, will be mode to a triumphal, arch
et the top of the Moorish. TWRIV. br Mrs'ltlackaiors, well
known as the surprising Jose& American ; sad &tibia irlitnecas
height he will exhibit his wondeetul powers on Ilk, Tight Rope.
'fie Fire Works will also be much incsraried is sp'eartour,
the proprietors having sent an wart to the Continent with a
view to novelty, and improtement, and those, of the Royal
gardens will now excel as ever before exhibited in Europe,
and will he conducted by Chevalier Soethby, Madam Hensler
and Senior Monism. The Nominations will also Iv, surpass
those of any former...moo. Tlio wines nod refrOshritoote will
be. as heretofore, of lb. eery best description ; and although
enhanced in price •isee lest season, they will he continued at
the same moderate charges. The police will ba oader the
saperiatendance of the same vigilant otligers,that attended last
• season. Supper boars may be engaged,. astd fees admits-ions
for the single night or emirs season may be had. -The Garda.
• will be open as usual, on the Evenings of Monday. Wednesday,
sad Friday, diroviliout the season. Admissions, So. Cod.---
Doors open al belf-past se erro--corseerl copious.) aislight.,

. -
COURSE OF EXCLIANGE, lyelns 9.
Amsterdam, 12 8 C.F. Seuille,344-4.lltoraltar,2o4
Diito,alsiglito It S. Leghorn ,461.-Genoa, 421
Rotterdam, *8 9 Malt I,4:l—Venice.,2ll-10
Antwerp, 12 9 Npflea,2Bl--Llsboal.M
Hamliergle, 48.1 Oporta.3ll,l3abiadm
Altoua, 38 2 RioJ•ittiru, 44
Paria,Sdaye9ight,26 80 Palermo, 114
Ditto, 26 19 Dublin, 91 pet celll.
Itnurdeaux,.2B *0 Curl', 91;per cent.
FranklittoutheMaine,l69, Foreign goldiala.tra,2l. IT,
r batik, 84 U.. I 6d. per oz.
%%anus, Er. Flo. 10 40 New Donloloona,2l. 19a. Od.
. Trieste, E. Flo. It) 40 I New Dollars, 4e. Oil.
Madan!, 24-Cadiz, 361 *Over in barasst audard rle.
Bilinn.o&-..liereelosa,34l, 1148. •

PRIC4 OF srocis.
Rank Stork 2151 I ()a tttt atm 0.
S yes Cent.. Red. tie Inap.3 per Cent. 71.1.
3 per Cent.l:esisols Bonds 15
3} per Cent. 891 India Stork 216
4 per Cent. 96 ' Exchequer Rills M. prim.
Piety Fours, 9SI (Wale. fur Ar. 701
Lis mg., Ann. WO Lottery, 'I irkets Si' lis.
- ' 1

• TINE, NATIONAL REGISTER..

LON OON.SUNDAY. MAY 11.
-411-
['The Proprietor haring. disposed •of the • copy-
right of this Paper,, has this week to take leave of
his readers, end begs them to accept his thesis fur
the patronage so long aflinded him].

The liouse.of Commons has been employed during

the week in. an investigation of the circumstances
attendant ou the trials fur the outrages,counnitted
at the Dublin Theatre, end unless it can be proved
that the witnesses have. sworn falsely, we cannot
suppose that the House will refrain from ordering a
prosecution against the Orange-Sheriff, Thorpe.--
On Thursday night a puerile attempt to awe the
public press was made by a Colonel Barry—for the
partizulars we must refer to our Parliamentary Re-
port, by which it.will be seen that the Colonel said,
if " the Press be allowed to go on in this way, it
would soon become MASTER of the House of Com-
mum, instead of tkc House of Commons being its
masters"—smow we should be glad to know where
this Member learnt that the House of Commons con-.

stituted the NWT ea of the public Press—he might
know, by reading any debate, that the Members ge-
nerally are much indebted to the Papers for making
sense of what is,often, as delivered, nonsense; and
the Colonel would, perhaps, find the severest way hi
which the Press could punish him would be to report
his speeches just uhe delivered them. The Hon.
Member, however, appared to know the danger
that, attends playing with edged tools, for he de-
‘lared be did not wt.& to bring the House in col«
