Eatilerf' Vela

MONDAY, April 29t1t, 18,16.—A new Dstnee,ealled
rm.! N and RIBET ; after which a favorite song by Mr.erawley ;
a new Musical Extravaganza, called The BOARDING SCHOOL
MISS; the unparellekd Performance on the TIGI IT ROPE of the
"INFANT PRODIGY, who concludes his elegant and unequaled
I haring by mining up and down a Hope, from the back of the Stage
in the back of the Gallery I ?ono-ming various equilibrium) with the
litniost case and firmness. surrounded by Fireworks; Clown to tke
Rope. Signor Patilo.—A New Pantomime, called 1.07411t0N and
PARIS; Clown, Signor Paulo.—Hoices 4a. I'it ea. Gall. is.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON :
SUNDAY, APRIL 28.

WE this day lay before our Readers the three days'
proveedingl in the trial of Sir Robert IVilson, sod Messrs.
Hutchinson and Bruce, for aiding the escape of Lavalette.
The trial concluded on the third day ( Wednesday last).
The Jury pronounced a verdict of Guilty against them ;
and the Judge Fussed the lightest sentence which the
iaw allows in such eases—Three Monthss' Imprisonment.
The severest sentence allowed by the law would have
kin Two Years; to which the turnkey (Eberle) has
been adjudged.

The King of France has shown his attention to useful
literature, by commanding the re-establishment of the
oldest, and for a long time the most celebrated literary
journal in Europe, the Journal des Sam's, which was
continued from 16(i5 to 1795 under the special patro-
nage of the Kings of France.
Pivparations are making for the French Court to visit
Fontainebleau tad), in the summer : it is said, that M.
at. Talleyrand titres not accetmpany them, but goes to his
at at Valenray, so long the residence, or rather prison,
of Ferdinand N"11. _ _

A 'Mail from Holland communicates the arrival of
the Duke of Wellington at the Hague, where he was
received with the most enthusiastic marks of public
esteem and gratitude.
The pntjed of Sir Sidney Smith frr the repression of
the Barbary pirates, and the rescuing of Christians from
-slavery, appears to attract considerable attoition at Paris.
A meeting of chevaliers, and other zealous promoters of
this laudable undertaking, was lately held in Paris, of
whom Sir Sidney was president ; and at which were pre-
sent Viscount 1 Chateaubriand, Peer of France., Vis-
count Tilin de Bourdon, member of the Chamber of De-
puties, Viscount Mathieu De Montmorency, who claims
descent firm the first Christian Baron, together with se-
veral other eminent persons. It is attributed to the
exertions of our brave countryman, that the grand Seignor
has lately sent an envoy, named Achmed N;11, to the
Dey of Algiers, to demand the Marx r.reek,,

TI NATIONAL RlEGlwrim._

and 3 Austrians; with which demand the Dey thought
it prudent to comply.
The report of additional Austrian troops having been
marched iuto*Alsace, and of conflicts between them and
the French peasants in the mountains of the Vosges, have
been formally and officially contradicted in the journal of
Colmar.

Another descent was made by the Barbary pirates in •
Sardinia on the 6th instant, where they committed the
most horrible atrocities, and carried off 88 individuals,
men and women.—A Treaty of Peace has since been
concluded between the King of Sardinia and the Dey of
Algiers, through the interference of Great Britain.
It seems not a little humiliating, to hear of the great
Powers of Europe attempting to negotiate with theßar-
bary States, to induce them to respect the flags of those
Powers. It scam's like a negotiation opened by our Police
to oblige footpads to respect the pockets of passengers on
the highway. Surely it is in the power of the smallest
navy in Europe to annihilate the mischief at once.
The New York Paper of the 16th ult. mentions a re-
port, to which it attaches credit, of Lavalette having ar-
rived in the Eugene, from Havre, on Tuesday evening,
the 14th ult.

Congress has been chiefly employed upon the question
'of establishing a National Bank. The necessity of one
has been acknowledged; and New York has been fixed
upon as the spot.
An attempt has been made to excite an insurrection
among the Negroes in part of the United States. Se-
veral Negroes have been executed.
The adoption of the Budget has improved the French
funds. It appears from the Budget, as passed by the
Chamber, that the ordinary expenses of the Government
arc estimated at 348,252,5201:; and the ordinary re-
ceipts at 370,434,940 f.; leaving a balance of more than
22 millions. The extraordinary expenses, arising from
war contributions, and the maintaining of 13,0,000 fo-
reign troops, &c. are rated at 290,80t),000 E; and axe
extraordinary receipts, derived from new taxes, at
291,243,141 f., leaving a balance of more than half a
million. The whole of the expenditure, theretbre,
amounts to 8N9,032,520 or about 36 millions sterling, •
and the receipts to about 37 English money. Our
Readers are aware that this heavy system of taxation is to
continue only five years—the period of occupation by
the foreign armies; at the end of which, France will be
relieved from a yearly burthen of 12 millions sterling;
leaving a sure of 24 millions sterling to be provided for
annually by a country so populous, and so richly flavoured
in respect to soil and climate, as France is known to be.
A French Paper, published at Brussels, contains an
article from Toulouse, dated the 7th instant, stating
that M. Boyer Fontrida, an inhabitant of the city hot 12
years, who first established the canon-manufacture-there,
brother of the Girondist of that name, was :arrested and
thrown into prison, on the second return of the Bourbons;.
and, notwithstanding tfiree different orders of the Minis-
ters of Police to release him, he was unable to obtain his
liberty; the answer uniformly being, that the prisoner
was detained by the Agents of the Princes. At length,
on the 7th of this month, he was released, on condition
of quitting his country, and retiring to a foreign land.
A New Journal has been rublished at Ghent, which
treats with some humour the present political situ:it-Inn
of France. The hollowing may serve as a specinien
" l's nos, APRIL 9.—Tlie• French Academy will henceforth
hold two sittioz. per week. This resolution bus been come to
hi consequence of the necessity of correcting the Dictionary of
Me Inctitutr, in which the words ',musty, -meaty, ('osroge,
Honour, Property, Quark! lame, &c. are to receive new aceepta-
tiaras. M. M. Hyde de Neuvillei Castel de Bane, Mier? and
Co. are to correct the prmsfs, The Grand Vresot, the Mar-
quis de Messes, has demanded of these Gentlemen a new word
to substitute lior the word seditious; thinkitie tint according
to his own observation the number of &ilitious in France may
be considered as the majority."

They are occupied at Paris with a Medallic I Tistory
of the Reign of a great Sovereign. Our Zcphyr hies
blown us the thllowing, specimens of this beautifill. work :
1. Medal—the bead of a Monarch ; a strong ri svnildanee.
On the reverse a fuot .j a king, with these words—First Ar-
►itu/.

4.:1 Galli, (a glove, also the City oiGheut), with them worth.
—aperitarr.liw thy Chezartrl. . .

3. Cossack, carr, Mit behind him the God Sikhs's, with the
words---Sneed Mtn ro.
4. A Ankher under arms, with the words—,trunosty—Pardus.
5. A Bottle and a Ham, Lit namenteil with laurels, with the
words—l drank—l ete-1 euttptered.
6. A Pot on the Fire, with the word, —Sake* of the Derider*
Apollo.—[Tire remainder by the first fair wind.]
Lord Byron sailed tiom Dover, for Ostend, on Wed-
nesday evening.
Thursday, a Court of Common Council was held at
Favell moved an address to the Prince
Regent, requesting his Royal Highness to become a party
to the Holy Treaty (as it is called), concluded between
Russia, Austria, and Prussia ; but the motion, being op-
posol, was in the end withdrawn.—The freedom of the
City, in boxes of mk, value 100 gs. each, was voted to the
Dukes of Kent and Sussex, in compliment to their bene-
volent exertions, in promoting the religious education,
and relieving the wants of the poor.
The books and pictures which the late Lord Fitz-
william left to the University of Cambridge have been
strangely over-rated in the Papers. Instead of 24.0001.
the books were valued only at 10,0001.; and the pictures
are a very inisecliancous collection of good and

(CAL

!I S!'!7

9S

'ON.

[••• Though the following was written before the termi-
nation of the trial of Sir ROBERT WILtON, &c. was known,
we do not feel inclined to wiibliold from our readers an
article which has a tendency, by the force of comparison, still
more to endear our excellent Cuestitutiou to every subject •
lk ing under its protection.]

NO situation can be more interesting than that in
which our three countrymen, implicated in the escape of'
Lavalette, are placed. Never had criminality appeared
in so noble a light. They are offenders, but their offence
is a virtue ; and whatever punishment the law of France
may dare to inflict upon them, they stand not only ac-
quitted in the eyes of the world, but loaded with its
praises, and its blessings ; at once the heroes and the
martyrs of humanity. Who is there, with hearts to feel
and courage to execute, who would not have sheltered
and saved a man, condemned, like Lavalette, to die fur a
doubtful political offence ? Who would have closed the
door of pity against him ; betrayed the sacred confidence
due to mistbrtune, and restored the victim to the hands
of his tormentors ? No Englishman would, be his rank
or his politics what they might. No Englishman can cur-
template the feeling conduct of Sir Robert Wilson, Mr.
Bruce, and Mr. liutehinson, in assisting Lavalette, and
their firmness, candour and dignity on their trial, with-
out a sentiment of national pride and exultation. After
having tried the strength of British valour, the French
will at length learn to appreciate the manliness of the
British character. They will see with their own eyes
the etfeetof those principles of freedom imparted by our
Constitt/tion, to all those who live beneath its influence.
That' who, crouching beneath imperial or royal despotism,
know only how to tremble aud to obey, will view, with
astonishment and admiration, men, against whom the
vengeance of the laws is let loose, meeting the storm nu-
! appalled, and expressing themselves with all the fearless-
ness and majesty of freemen. That Sir llob..rt and his
friends will he condemned, there is little doubt ; but their
sentence, whatever it may be, will only prove a seal
of honour set to their names for ever. And what a
deplorable view do the whole proceedings of the trial
present of French justice ! The only evidence against.
each of the accused is himself ! In England, the ernfes-
sion of a criminal is of no avail against him, unless it be
corroborated by disinterested witnesses. In France, not
only is a confession admitted as a proof of guilt, but it is
extorted in the most artful and unfair manner. Secret

examinations artimultiplied before the trial, in order that,
in the multitude of his answers, the accutaxl may crimi-
nate himself; and his private correspondence, and indi-
vidual politics, are dragged bufime a jury, however un-
connected they may be7withhis offence, to prejudice their
minds against him.
The charge of being parties to a plot against the tran-
quillity of Europe, and of the French Government, hav-
ing been abandoned al. totally untenable, why should
the French Advocate (,eneral, in his exposition of the
case, have renewed it in all its violence, as though it
was upon it that the prosecution was founded ? Why
should he have said, contrary to the declaration of the
court of accusation,• who had dismissed the charge.
" that by saving Lavalette our countrymen wished, ur
at ktist appeared to have wished, to excite to sedition. or
to revolt, and to excite any kind of tUsorder, provided
only it was disorder?" Why did he attempt to persoade
the Jury that " an appeal was to be made to the friends
of liberty, who were to put themselves in motion; time
were to be movements in the provinces ; and, above all,
a good means of agitation would be the persecution of the
Protestants, real or pretended! Oh ! excellent ! Th:A
is an idea which (-niches like 'edit/ire, which spreads .1:;:e
eonlmrion among the people in general, (and, mark this)
which engenders a spirit of mortal hatred and contrail.'
fin- the aeon dynasty." Why bring tinwurd the sentiments
of Mr. Edward Wilson in England against his brother
in France. and all this upon the charge which had been
abandoned ? Why not abide by his own declaration,
" that, instead of being accused of a system, our coun-
t rvinen are only accused, and have only to defend them-
selves, on a fact." Excellence is only known by cm.-
tra,,t. Happy those who, after having considered such
h ickening examples of foreign justice, may turn to the
British constitution and say, " this is the shield of my
r ights, and the rock of my safety."

By at .Tannaiett Mail we have received the following
Admiral Douglas has given notice of a Proclamation pith
fished at the Cameras, by the Captain-General of the Pro% inces,
relative to the blockade of Nlaripirita, which titre:slew with
death the crews of all vessels found conveying of any
description to the patriots.
'• The tour Spanish Patriots, who had been delivered up by
the Governor of Gibraltar to the :agents of Ferdinand VII. 4101
subsequently confined at Ceuta, but who were liberated in De-
cember la,t, owing to the interposition of the itriti‘b Govern.
merit. had arrived in Jamaica, on their way to the Sdartinh rad
tk mews in America, of which they are natives. ' Thcv pro-
,ac, a Jamaica Paper, • that their restitution to sock.%
is the etteet of the excellence of the English Coseditntion, the
integrity of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, and the
noble patrioti►m of the Parliatinnit of Great Britain.'= Their
gratitude,' they may. • requires that the whole world should
know the extent of their uhligations to the British Government
and its NISIVII Charta. -These observations an• fulovved by
comics of several du etuneuts relative to their libe ratinu."

~F

Ct,cbical Z?er.iter.

t4161111,R XI.

%kLUS ?OPEL' st,PREMA 251 r LEX..

csms si quit faveilniskandsio,
..Ist furit,aut rut. UM, 0116 r grardate asporem.
Ov. MIT. IYY. V. S.

i

AMONG the changes which have taken place in the
habits of the people of this country, increasing in them
the predimpositiou to apoplectic disorders, mity be reckon-
ed the greater prevalence of spirit drinking ; a custom
which, although chiefly confined to the lower orders el
society, is much to be deplored, from its extensive in-
fluence on the comfort and prosperity of the inhabitants
at large, no less than from its prejudicial effects upon the
health of those who are addicted to the practice. This
pernicious poison operates both on the sanguiferous anti
rervnus systems, inereosing the momentum and velocity
of the cireelet ion, and dintinishirg- the sensibility and mo-
tility of the nervc Is Of the power of this stimulating NM
to cause important changes in the state and structure of
the delicate brain, no one con doubt who has witnessed
• its (-wicket effects upon the body in general ; the totter-
ing limbs, the unsteady gait, the itnperfect speech of
those under the temporary influence of spirituous pats-
tion, are sufficient evidence of the powerful eflists pro-
duced on the system; while the bloated thee, the stupid
and vacant countenance of those who have long indulged
the habit, arc no less evidence of the important changes
gradually taking place in the structure end funstions of
parts by a frequent repetition of its application. Whilst
ardent spirit thus increases the predisposition to apoplexy
*and !easy. and favours the operation of the exciting esuses
of these disorders, it also becomes itself an exciting cause
of them. A temporary excess in the use of spirits fre-
quently proves fatal in those who have I:.i 1 the Ibunda-
tien of a strong predisposition by a long rentinutd habit
of drinking. kis not excess only which renders ardent
spirits prejudicial to the human constitution; even a
moderate use, long continued, produces a state of the sys-
tem mere prone to le affected by the usual exciting
causes of apoplexy. Of' the tendency of ardent spirits to
produce congestion or inflammation in the liver, no one
doubts, as this is fiend to be a common consequence of
intemperance. It is not to be wondered nt, that a cause
adequate to produce a change of structure in such nn
ormo, should be sufficient to impair the delicate functions
of the brain. Because, sometimes in persons dying of
spoplexy, the liver has been found diseased, some patho-
h gists, fend of overrating the importance of this viscus,
have propagated an opinion that the diseased liver was
the cause of apoplexy ; forgettiug that the pernicious ef-
fects of the real exciting cause (ardent spirit) were ex-
erted simultanemsly upon the two organs. This evil of
spirit drinking is lamentably extensive omeng the lower
orders of ;eerie, the most important part of the national
population, Loth as to their numerical proportion. and
their share in contributing to the comfort end seem-duo-
datien of the whole. Under the head of spirituous po-
tation mest be included the too free use of WINE, which
produces in the higher classes of society mrre-pondent
mischief with the abuse of spirits in the minimal people.
The custom ef hard drinking in convivial companies has
of late fallen into disuse, and in this respect One of the
predisposing ( :MKS to apoplexy may be thought to have
diminished ; but it is to be feared that enough yet re-
mains to contribute a share towards the production of
this disorder. A bevereee common to all classes of so.
ciety is now to be mentioned, the use and abuse of which
constitutes no inconsiderable means of increasing the pre-
dispseition to apoplectic disorders. This is PORTER. In
its purest state, when manufactured from malt and hops
alone, it may be included amongst the vinous liquors
which have the property of increasing the velocity and
momentum of the blood. Bat this liquor, even in its
purer state, possesses a stronger power than belongs
merely to its proportion of spirit, in producing the apo-
plectic predispssition : this power it derives from its im-
pregnation with hop, a bitter narcotic plant, whose action
upon the animal system, in commen wit h the ot hcr plants el
its des:, is-that of u relative, diminishing the sensibility
and mobility of the nervous system. A constant and
long con! i nucd useofthissedative,it is tole npprehendcd,:tc-
teallyFOmuchimpairsthenervous energy as tolay the limn-
elution of these complaints. When formerly it was the
fashion to rose the gout by the Portland powder, a C,
ta-
position consisting chiefly of bitter narcotics of this de-
sciiptiou, it was remarked, that all those who took the
medicine, although they were cured of gout, and appear-
ed to have hal their health improved fur a time, speedily
fell victims to apoplexy. Porter then ditties but in de-
gree from the medicine alluded to ; it is to be consillesed,
whether the long and uninterrupted use of this bitter
infusion may not make up Cm its inferior strength and
bitterness. If serious consequences arc to be apprehend-
ed front this hevernee in its genuine state, what shall we
say to that vile composition, which, passing under the
name of prates, is known to consist of' stifle of the most
noxious sedatives anti narcotics? The constant use of
such a spurious liquor cannot but be highly prejudicial to
the health of the community. The original intention
of employing hop in the brewing of malt was, to check
tes eatneel rmentotien of the baser, and to prevent its
