THE NATIONAL REGISTER:

We are sorry to learn that Mr. Abbott's eye-sight is
e9nsiderably affected by the disease under which he is at
present 2. sufferer ; but which, we arc happy to find, is
topical, and not general. It is, in fact, confined to the
face and head.

We are happy to ann?unce, that the answer given
yesterday to the numerous enquiries at the Speaker's
house was, that lie is much better.
It is generally believed, that if the Speaker should
not be perfectly recovered before the termination of the
adjournment, his Peerage and Pension will be granted,
and a new Chairman will be elected. The Ministerial
Candidate is Mr. Manners Sutton.

THE SECOND ItEFor•.T of th' SF.I.TICT COMMITTEE
of FINANCE was delivered on Saturday. It relates en-
tirely to the Army; and is of great importance; but
the late hour at which we received it compels us to
postpone any adequate abstract of its contents. We
may, however, briefly observe, that considerable reduc-
tions have been made, anti more are mem:nem/NI in
several Public departments The Report is lay volu-
minous. It concludes by saying,
" That on the charge of 35,0001. Exchequer Fees, your
Con tee observe with much satisfaction, that in conse-
quence of the Lite generous and particular conduct of the
distinguished Noblensau wlts holds the only Tellerlibip whirl
continued upon the old establishment, the whole produce of
those fees, with some inconsiderable exceptions, is now ap-
plicable to national purposes, in conformity to the Act for
regulating the Exchequer, 234 of the King, without af-
tiirtling an increase of emolument to any individual what-
ever."

We have received Paris Papers of Monday, Tues-
day, and NVeditesday last; the French Funds ri,e
rapidly. On Wednesday last much stock was bought
at 67f. 55e.; a rise of nearly 2 per cent. since the pre-
ceding Saturday. Orders have been given, that the
roads which the King has been accustomed to take in
his different rides be repaired, and kept in the best
state ; hence it is presumed that his Majesty will next
week begin his morning rides.
The Duke of Orleans and his family are arrived at
Paris.

M. Talleyrand is gone to his country seat at Valen-
cay.
The Emperor of Russia has advanced his Aide-de-
Camp, General Pozzo di Borg°, to the rank of Lieu-
tenant-General. The rescript, signed with the hand of
his Majesty. announcing this mark of distinction, is
couched in terms the most flattering and honourable.
Saturday se'nnight was a day of rejoicing at Paris, as
the anniversary of the entrance of Monsieur, the King's
brother, into the capital in 1814. The Moniteur con-
tains some mawkish verses on the occasion.

The King, by a Royal Ordonnance, has appropri-
ated, in a humane and considerate manner, the sum
voted in tho Budget of 1817, for the maintenance of
the Clergy. It is dispensed among the poorer classes en-
tirely.

The Prince de Brogue, Bishop of Ghent, who em-
broiled himself with the Government of the Nether-
lands, has fled to Paris, where arrived on the Mina.

It is said that the late Marshal Massena was a Jew,
and that his name was properly Manasseh. He has left
40 millions of francs--above a million and a half of our
money.

By French papers to the 18th instant we kart), that
the Duke and Duchess of Orleans arrived et Paris on
Tuesday evening, the I Pith ; and on the following day
went to pay their respects to the King of France, and
the other branches of the Royal Family. It is stated,
that the disbanded household company of Noailles is to
be reorganized, and to do duty by the first of May. If
so, the ranks of that corps must be principally filled by
new names, the old members having been ordered by
his Majesty to retire to their estates in different and dis-
tant provinces. The Russian Ambassador at Paris,
Count Pozzo di Borgo, has been promoted by the Em-
peror, with flattering expressions of esteem, to the rank
of Lieut.-General in the Russian armies.

Some farther particulars are mentioned in these
journals concerning the attempt upon the life of the
• Crown Prince of Sweden. It appears that the projected
assassination was to have taken place at a masked hail
—a scene of the same description as that which proved
fatal to Gustavus 111. The fete was held, but the
Prince Royal and his son were absent, having received
a timely warning of their danger. Meanwhile Berna-
dotte has not been feeble or inactive. Ile has held
counsels, issued vijorvis orders, and what is more
material to his security—has marched large bodies of
troops to the capital. It is not unlikely that he may
still have a tight for his crown; hut the intellectual
character of his unfornate rival, is a host in Berna-
dotte'S favour. The ex-ling, they say, is at Frank-
fort-on-the-Oder.

It is said, that Mr. Thornton, who has been rocallt d
from Stockholm, is liing out as Britith Minister to the
Ginn of Rio Janeiro.

ATEIL

The marring,-e of madame Murat with (encral Mac-
donald has Item celebrated at Vienna. 11u• ctdivant.
queen has just, purchased the Lordship of Kottingbrons„
tour kagues from Vienna, in the neighbourhoA of
Baden.

The King of the Netherlands has rendered himself
exttentely p.)pular by eonceeding to the inhabitants of
Antwerp the entire abolition of the Droll de Tut, which
annoyed them so much; and his Slajesty has likewise
ordered all monies paid under it to be refunded.

The Holy Alliance, it seems, is making a rapid pro-1
Kress; Sweden has acceded to it, and the Courts ,of
Weimar, Cassel, Hanover, Oldenburg, and Mecklen-
burg, have been invited to it. Austria and Saxony had
already become parties to it.—There are individual.;
who still cannot believe but that earthly objects arc tha
chief purpose of this confederacy.

Flamburgh Papers, brings intelligence from Stock.
holm to the end of March. All eyes in the North or
Germany, are turned towards Sweden. Thesituation
of the Crown Prince is sufficiently embarrassing ; but
the real cause of alarm bus ut length traspired. Orders
have been sent to the coast at Schonen, to prevent the
admission into Sweden of all s. rangers, of suspicious ap-
pearance. This implies, that the young Prince of Swe-
den, the Son of Gustavus, who was deposed, is expectesi
to put himself at the head a the troops and peasantry.
If this event takes place, all is over with Bernadotte.

The Gazette of the Lower Elbe dated April 2, says,
"every thing bears the aspee* of the greatest tran-
quillity ;.but still some degree of uneasiness
exists. It
is not known whether any persons have bee narrested."
Several regiments have h2en ordered to different sta.
tions in the capital.

Philadelphia, New York, and Ti zteti Papers, have
been received. Those from the two latter cUes are to
the :20th of March. Mr. MJnroe, the new Presi•lent,
was sworn into office on the 4th, on which occusion he
made a long speech, explanatory of the principles width
will govern kis Administration, and the causes of the
prosperity of the country. The prosperity he chiefly at-
tributes to the circumstance, that the Government has
been in the hands of the people, who choose able and
faithful Representatives: and anticipates that while the
constitutional body retains its present sound and health.
ful state, every thing will be safe. "It is only," he
says, " when the people become ignorant and compt
when they degenerate into a populace, that they are
incapable of exercising the sovereignty." Ile profi:sses
his sincere desire to preserve peace, so far as depends on
the Executive, on
.just principles with all nations, claim-
ing nothing unreasonable of any, and rendering to each
what is its due ; but experiencing the fortune of other
nations, the United States, he adds, may again be in-
volved in war, and as a security against these dangers,
he recommends the fortification of the coast and inland
frontiers, and the regulation of the army, navy, and
The following are the chief Members of Mr.
Monroe's administration :—Mr. John Q. Adams, 'Sc.
cretary of State ; Mr. Crawford, of the Treasury ; Mr.
Shelby, of the War Des,artment ; and Mr. Crowning.
shield, of the Navy.—"llie Naticrial hitelligcnccr of the
25th of February, states, that the negociation with
Spain, carried on at Washington between Mr. Monroe
and Don Louis de Onis, terminated on the preceeding
Friday ; it appears that the Spanish Minister, though
he has powers from his Government to treat, has, after,
all, no instructions. The existing difference with Spain
of course, remains in snspence.—The American Com-
modore Chauncey concluded a new Treaty with Algiers
on the 25th of December, on the basis of the Treaty of
June, 1815.

Mr. Monroe, who is now President of the United
States, was the American Minister in this country, in
the year 1793, and afterwards in France, where he ex-
pressed himself so violently in favour of the revolution-
ary doctrines, that he was recalled in consequence by
President Adams. With his present sentiments we are
unacquainted. It is said that Air. Alonroe lost a lcg in
the first American war.

The citizens of Washington voted an Address to Mr.
Madison, on his retiring tram the Presidency : his reply
relates entirety to the welfare of that City, stating, that
ultimate good will flow from the disaster which beta
the capital.

'Fhe accounts received in America from Monte Video
state, that this place was about to surrender ; hut whe-
ther to Artigas, or to the Portuguese, we arc not tcld.
The Patriots of Buencs Ayres hud refused all usistance
to those of Monte Video

In the house of Assembly in Lower Canada, the
Speaker notified to the House, on the 21st Febroary,
that he hatl the same iirrning signed warrants fir the
imprisonment of S. W. Monk, Esq. one of the Judges
of the colony, conformably to the order of the House ;
after which, the Depiity-Serjeunt at Arms at t',.• 1 or,
infimmed the House, that, in obedience to its or r, he
had lodged S. W. Mock, Esq. in the common gaol of
the diatzict.

Ann,

Letters have bean received from India to the end of
September. Our armies in the Fast covered, nt that
date, the whole Lee of the country, and it was the opi-
nion of the intelligent Officers that the Marquis of Ilast-
ings modiated a final settlement of the Maharratta Con-
federacy. This, it was thought, wllll,l be effected by
compelling the chief powers to accept of subsidiary
forces, and probably by raising one or more of the
Rajpoot States, such as Jeypoor and Oodipoor, into the
rank of Allies to the Company, and freeing theta from
the brutal and galling yoke of the Maliarattus. Ulimeer
Khan (Holkar's celebrated General) h:, s been thrice re-
pulsed in his attempts to storm Jeyi--,-;:r, hut continued
li,ifore it. The Rajah has upplied fo:. aid to the Gover-
nor-General. Berar Rajah (Nitgpoar) has accepted a
subsidiary force of six batallions and two regiments of
Native Cavalry from Madras, Commanded by Colonel •
Walker. Thus the foundation seems to be laid for
strikirg a great blow at the Mahrattas and Pindarees,
so as to end their lawless power. Three or fur large ar-
mies are moving un the frontier of the Bengal Upper
Proviocci.

A quick tliplonia,it: iniereoarse is asserted to be car-
ried on at this moment between the Courts of St.
Petersburgli ar.l Vienna. The forcitn journalists are
lost in coujectures as to the object of this portentous
activity. One supposes that the constitution of Gal-
licia is to be smotherA, fratn respect to the want of
any such constitution.; in the parts of Poland now
finally transferred to Ibussia. Others alledge a now
Turkish war, as the natural solution of this mystery.
.

Viscount Exmouth is arrived in town from Paris.
Ills Lordship is said to have had several conferences
with Sir Sidney Smith and the other knights at Paris
engaged in the abolition of white slavery in Africa.
A letter from Gibraltar, brought by the mail which
arrived on Friday, states, that an affray had onflirtti-
nately oecerred at the outixtsts between same English
and Spanish troops, in which several of the latter were
killed. The Spanish Governor and Commander at
Algesiras, interfering to quell the tumult, was stabbed.
Subsequently an investigation had taken place, and
two English soldiers, who were ringleaders in the dis-
turbance, had been tried at Gibraltar, and executed.
The Duke of Wellington was to leave Paris for Lon-
don yesterday, and his Staff-Officers will return on the
same day, to Head-quarters at Cambray.
Law APPOINTMENTS.—Mr. Baron Richards to be
Chief Baron of the Exchequer, v. Sir Alexander Thom-
son, deceased; Mr. Alexander, Master in Chancery, to
be a Bacon of the Excheqtent, v. Mr. Baron Richards ;
Mr. Cook to be Master in Chancery, v. Mr. Alexander.
Evening paper,
It is now, we believe, understood that Watson,
Preston, Iloorr, and Keene, the persons charged with
high treason, and now prisoners in the Tower of Lon-
don, will, withoat farther delay, be brought to trial.
la about a week from this time bills of indictment will,
it is said, be preferred against them; and, as the law
in this ease requires, a copy of such indictment will be
furnished to each prisoner, with the names of witnesses
intended to be brought forward on behalf of the prose-
cution. The prisoners are then entitled to tO clear
days after the delivery of the indictment, before they
can he brought to trial; and as soon after this period as
possible, they will he tried at the bar of the Court of
King's Bench at Westminster. We should suppose
the trial will take place about the middle of May.
Whether these persona arc innocent or guilty, we sin-
cerely rejoice at their being put on their defence. How-
ever the prisoners may in this or other cases feel for
themselves, yet as a general maxim, the moat speedy
justice is the most humane.
It is with great pleasure that we announce to the pub-
lie, from the Roman Gazelle of the 28th of December
last, the following instance of liberality, in the generous
and charitable disposition which the celebrated sculptor
Canova has inaile of the pension of three thousand Ro-
man crowns which the rope had annexed to his tide of
Marquis of Ischia :
Crowns per 1111111.1111.
1. Permanent gifts to the Arehmlogical Academy of
Rome, to enable them to continue to illustrate at ih.ar
Met•titigs, the monuments of antiquity, to explain passa-
ge, in -acted aitil profane history, and improve ancient
thronolozy
2. Every third %ear three prizes of 121) crowns 1,401,
fur tltrre ',Jong artists, either of !tome, or of the Papal
Stites, in the tirst three classes of sculpture, painting,
Knit arehiteettire
3. A ,eltiost of 2dcroaviw a mouth, for three years, to
those who shall have ga.ne4 the atiove prizes
4. To th.t tteatir di, of St. Luke, for the porrhase of
Looks oil art and aiitivitirs,&c.
5. Aid io the Academy of the. Lincei, ten crowns a

month

G. 'or the SII(CJIIT of aged and indigent artists, resi-
dela iu Rome I

Total. • • • Sow

The Furplus which would accrue in the two years,
wh .• • i t he prizes vaontioned in article 2 are not, distriituteet.
is It .7 1 ,limno4able for •v!itti are railed am/logy/mow prizes;
t•o Ow it,no fitr which are altitte•i, z •mly the ar-
tist of Rome and of the Phpal State,4, nut dine of every
ether nation whatsoever: resident i t (Lune. Five uro.es-
In 5, m• ',filter,: of the act leaty ~f Si. Luke, form a c.
chi &Imitation Cer givin_: full and itujartial etivtt to•
the fureping disposittuus.

THE NATMNAL REGISTER.

The Gazette of Saturday night contains a notice
from the Bank Directors, signifying their intention of
paying cash, if required, fur all one and two pound
notes issued before the Ist January 1816, on or after
the 2d May.

The approaching State celebration of the Birth-day
of the Regent, being the first, will be marked with all
due ceremony and splendour. The 23d being St.
George's-day, all the Knights of the several Orders will
appear in their Collars and Insignia. All the Household
Officers also will be in their new and magnificent State
uniforms. l)inners will be given by the great Officers
of State, viz. the Marquis of Hertford and Llrd Choi-
mondeley. Lord Castlereagh is to entertain all the Fo-
reign Ministers, and the Bishop of Exeter receives the
Bench of Bishops.
Lord Castlereagh remains confined at his seat at Cray,
in Kent. His Lordship's lameness is the c&ct of the
kick he received from a horse in Paris.

Another original Scots Peerage hasbecome extinct by
the death of the Earl of Hyndford, who died at his
seat, Mouldslie Castle, Ayrshire, on Friday week in
the 60th year of his age. Sir John Anstruther, Bart.
succeeds to the Hynifird estates : the title, as we have
already observed, is now extinct.
On Friday last, at Brighton, as the Rev.. Mr. Blom-
berg, together with Sir E. Nagle, was riding by the
side of the Prince Regent, the horse of Sir E. Nagle
suddenly kicked Mr.Blontherg's leg, and broke it in
two places. Proper care was administered as soon as
possible, and the Rev. gentleman is said to be in a fair
way. The Prince Regent was anxious and active in
his attentions.

THE DRAMA.
