THE NATIONAL REGISTER

to it by year EseeNency front Ow Itenthquarters at Caraccas,
in date of the 17th of June last, informing it that Brigadier
Don Thomas de Cires and Don Joseph Domingo Duarte
were commissioned to proceed to this Capital, in nrd. r to
solicit the union of these countries with the coustitutional
monarchy of Spain, and that those gentlemen o ouhfproduce
the principles of reconciliation proposed by the station,
deliberated on the 11th instant, a.t a public ritting. and,
in reply, I. transmit your, Excellency the following decree,
viz.:—
" The Sovereign Congress of Columbia, desirous of esta-
blishing pence, still hear with pleasure any proposal which
nuty.he made on the part of the Spanish Government, pro-
vided it has for its basis the acknowledgment of the Sove-
reignty and Itidepeadenee of Columbia, and will admit none
that dues nut contain that principle, so often declared by
the Government and People of this Republic."
The President of the Sovereign Congress has the honour
of being your Excellency's must obedient servant,
The Presideut of the Congress
FERNANDO DE PENALV LB.
Felipe Dcpiano, Secretary,
New Guyana, July IS, 1820.
To his Excellency Don Pettis; Pablo Morale,
Nors.—Gen. Morino sent these Commissioners by land to
prejudice the minds of the people In favour of the emissaries
of the King, who were on the 10th' July at St. Thomas's
ready to sail for Angostura, in an Atherlcao vessel. The
envoys of General Slut ills remained only tea days at Angos-
tura, and the armistice was agreed to for one month. but was
limited to those provinces through which the commissiouers
had to pass.

NAPLES.

-Om-

•
The following document has been published at
Naples
AN ADDRESS TO THE BRITISH NATION rats* THE
INHABITANTS Or TILE KINGDOM OF NAPLES.
" Let a nation that has produced a Bacon, a Newton,
a Lock, a Shakspeare, a Howard, a.Sidney, a Lancaster,
as well as a vast number of other great men—a nation
ancient in the true and solid cause of liherty—listen to
the voice of her brothers, the people of Naples. Few of
thy periodical writers have published a just and correct
idea of the happy, wise, and unstained revolution that
has rendered us worthy of thy sympathy. and friendship.
One of them attributes tt to party spirit, and another
has had even the impudence to affirm that our revolu-
tion has been operated by the partisans of our late extinct
foreign despot, as if there could be any of this stamp
•amongst us, in sufficient number to influence the SPWI•
taneous will of the whole nation. These ultra writers,
while they are unjust towards us, take from thee a por-
tion of that glory which belongs exclusively to thy
nation; for to thee we are proud to acknowledge that we
owe, and ere long all Europe will likewise he indebted
to thee for, the inestimable advantages resulting from a
constitutional Government.
" Thou weft the first to give the example by the pa-
triotic exertions of thy forefathers, who, by hard
fighting, and after the most severe struggles, finally
established political and individual libi.rty ; and ever
since, for nearly the term of two centuries, thou hast
practically demonstrated to the world the advantages
inherent In a free and representative foriii of government.
Finally, by thy virtue and heroic constancy thou hast
liberated Europe front that colossal despot, whose diabo-
lical designs were the more terrible, inasmuch as his
means for executing them were always adequate to his
vast undertakings. Consequently, without thee, the
world must inevitably have been involved in the most
despotic slavery. Hence eternal thanks are due to thee,
0 generous nation I and thanks which every day increase
in our hearts, now that we are become tree, and that We
shall be able to enjoy its salutary effects. Glory, more-
over, to all the heros of Waterloo, where, by the con-
summate skill of thy great Captain, together with the
courage and ditciplinc of his army, the liberty of Europe
was finally and permanently re-established.
" Wilt thou, or rather will those thy periodcsl
writers, who, front sinister motives, or perhaps from
precipitate and erroneous information, have fallen into
such glaring and illiberal errors, still continue to dis-
credit the glorious work performed by us, and which we
consider has entitled our nation to thy esteem—worthy
by our unanimous concord and moderation to be an ex-
ample even to others ? Will they continue obstinate by
attributing to us wicked designs, secret views militating
against the general prosperity of the different European
States, or contrary to the conversation of the• legitimate
dynasties actually at the head of the legitimate Govern-
ments of Europe?
" Will they declaim against our heroic army, who on
no other occasion were ever more faithful to the oath
they had contracted on their colours—Pro liege ce
in' fine, will they confound brigands with
soldiers ?
The dynasty of the Bourbons is dear to ns ; we love
the son, as likewise the grandson of Charles 111. It is
au hint that we are indebted for having been considered
is a nation amongst the Ettiopeatt powers, It is there-
fore a pleasing sensation for us to sec our happy rege-
neration accomplished during the reign of the son of that
great monarch. Our most ardent and sinecee wishes
ure fur his felicity; and our most ardent desire is to have
hint for our independent King, suljeet only to the laws
of our country, which from his natural propensity, he
has always been but noi, as hitherto, a subject to his
intriguing and perverse Ministers.
" His liberty and our liberty is the same thing; and
we arc determined to support one and the other, at the
cost of every thing that is dear to us.
" Nlatmatiiistenis nation! to whom Enropc is indebted
for its liberation froat tvrauny—that has abolished the
the most inhuman traffic in our fellow-rreainres—that
has spilt the blood an; soent the treasures of its oar
suhje:ds, to force the Air can powers to respest the laws
of civilised nations, and for which, front our local situ.
ation, we are under the groa test °blip t ions.' '0 nation
imminently free, can these thy aforesaid periodical
writers• induce thee to despise ami reject our miural
rights et' will it be neceasary for U 3 to dcmoin,trate
in our regeneration thy particula advantages, in

order to induce thee to approve and applaud our success?
No I such venal and interested principles can never be
cherished by the majority of the British empire; it would
be indirectly condeninieg the glorious exei lions of thy
ancestors.
" Our country is rich and feriile from nstitre ; thy
people are commercial, industrious, and manntacturers ;
hence an open and vast field for a mutually advantage.
ous intercourse between our respective countries, by
exchanging the produce of one against the manufactures
of the other. ilbsolute governments are generally ruLd
by ignorant and perverre Ministers, as the king is always'
obliged to nominate them out of his courtiers or their ad.
herents. Obstacles invented pry them, as well as others
previously existing, which they do not remove, render the
civilization of the country stationary, and prevent the
natural increase of population : hence our country,
which in former times has contained twelve milions of
inhabitants, at present only contains about five milious.
" Wise administration, spOntancous exertions of
the. people, and free national concord, will, in the course
of time, render to this fine fertile country its pristine state
of prosperity.
" We, rich in the pmduce of our lands, shall by these
means be ably to pay a greater tribute to thy industry,
winch, united with thy ingenuity and art, deservedly
bestows on thee the first place amongst the commercial
nations of the world ; while, to thy still greater honour,
a number of thy philauthrophic subjects, actuated by the
most virtuous and disinterested motives., are employed, at
their own expense, in propagating all over the world
religion, peace, and public instruction. People of Great
Britain I we arc anxious above every thing to have your
approbation of onr political regeneration, and to be united
with you in eternal friendship.
" Naples, A ugust 25, 1820."

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.
.........m.

BANKRUPTS.
W. R. Eginton, Birmingham, dealer. Solicitors, Messrs.
Clarke and Co., Chancery Lane.
J. Cutler, Bath, woollen draper. Sol. Mr. Carpenter, Fur-
nivel% Inn.
J. Stubbs, Castle Street, Leicester Square, jeweller. Soh.
Messrs. Mayhew and Co., Chancery Lane.
R. Rainey, Liverpool, merchant. Sol. Mr. Massey, Liver.
l
J. Slater. Wolverhampton. Stafford, master. Sols. Messrs.
Hall and Willett, Bedford Row.
E. W. Dickenson, Liverpool, merchant. Sold. Messrs. Lowe
and Bower, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane.
J. Glover., Walsall. StaSW, iron founder. Sol. it.. Wheeler.
Castle Street. Holborn.
J. Mille, Water Lane, • Tower Street, wins merchant. Sol.
Mr. Lang. Yenchurch Street.
G. Warren, seeds, bacon and cheese rector. Soh. Messrs.
Williams and White, Lincoln's Inn.
T. Thomas London Wall, merchant. Oak. Messrs. Richard-
son, Waihrooli.
W. and A. Copp, Exeter, linen 460. Fol. Mr. Bretton,
Brand Street.
DIVIDENDS.
Sept. IS, T. D. Latham and J. Parry, Destisigre Square,
merchants-30, T. Hornsby. Comhill, stock beelow-Oct. 7, E.
Bonfield, Bristol. cooper-14, J. Nightingale, illaNden, York,
corn factor—l 4, T. -M•Nae, Queen Square, inelhent-7. W.
Tinson, Christchurch, Southampton, innholder-9, T. Morris,
Bristol, linen draper—to. J. Gibbons and W. Sherwood, Liser
pool, merchants-31, J. Taylor' Shoreditch, corn chandler—?.
W. Williams, Amen Corner, bookseller-7, V. Labrow, St.
John Street, druggist-9, J. Jones, Worcester, linen draper-10.
W. Prest and J. Woolner, Lawrence Pountney Lane. corn factors
—7. J. Goedchild, sen.. J. and W. Jackson, J. Goodchild, jun.,
J. Jackson, and T. Jones, Bishop Wearmouth, Durham, bank.
ere-9, T. Nosyßristol, shoemaker-9, T. Hall, Reading,
Berk., tailor.
CERTIVICATES to be granted Oct. 7.
J. Bartow, Braman. Cheshire, dealer—J. Harris, Redbridge,
Southampton, victualler—R. H. liellMge, Bath, money scrivener
—R. Phillips, Bristol. coachmaker—J. Greenway, Plymouth,
brewer—W. Roantree, Princes Street,Westminster. coact. builder
—D. Garrott. Portsea. cabinet maker—J. Welch. Nantwich,
Cheshire, shopkeeper—V. Poole, Cullompton, Devon, money
, scrivener.

TO THE EDITOR,
SM.—A report has gone abroad of so singular 3
nature, that I an► induced to communicate it to you for
the amusement of your readers.—

" It is confidently stated, that the Austrian Govern-
ment having applied to Ministers for aid in the ' Cm-
sack' of the Holy Alliance,' against Naples, Lord
has consented to make a diversion in favour
of the High and Mighty Allies,' by landing an army
on the coast of Naples, to be composed of the
wilnessus against the Queen—commanded by Major-Get'.
Majucci, and Colonel &chi; that they are to be em-
barked on board certain polacres, muter the command
of Admiral Paturzo, and that the General has already
recc3:ed a supply of Napo!cobs to defray the expence3
of ilic expedition—the amount could not be ascertained,
as on enquiry from his Excellence how many bags he
had received, he replied—' Que:to non me rice, do "
-This report does not appear wholly unworthy of credit.
—These persons are paid by the Ministers—and why
should they not AU for their empluvers as well as
swear T.— 1 am, Sir; Your's,
Quiz.

There has been a slight return of the discontent
manifested a few months ago among the colliers in
Shropshire, and from the same cause, viz. dissati-,
faction with the rate'of wages. Warrants have been
issued. against a number of them for assaults; and .
Robert Hodson, Allen Pickering, E. and T. !Viler,
and T. Jervis, have been committed to gaol for
riotously assembling, and fur an assault upon three
overlookers belonging to the Lillcshill Company,
who were abused, and thrown into the canal by the
rioters. The cavalry were ordered to be in readi-
ness, but the committal of the above-mentioned men
to prison has intimidated the colliers from doing fury
thcr mischief.

1101113011.

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17•

In another part of our paper will be found
the most recent account of the obstacles
thrown iu the way of the persons who nre employed
to collect the evidence for the defence of the Queen.
This statement, combined with the letter of M. Ma-
rietta, which we communicated to our readers last
week, and even with the statemer.ts of some of the
witnesses against the Queen as to the force employed
to induce them to come to this country, will
show, in the clearest light, the disadvantages under
which the Queen has to meet her enemies. The
witnesses against the Queen have been some of them
limed to come ; and it would not be difficult (by aid
of those liberal compensations fir loss of time, which
we have all heard of), to. -persuade them that the
Government which interferred to bring them here,
would not be sorry that they should swear pretty
roundly to aid those in whose favour the force had
been employed On the other hand, the slightest
hint would be sufficient to intimidate those who may
have the knowledge of facts that would be beneficial
to the cause of the Queen. .All the foreigners who
can come to this country to give evidence in favour
of the Queen, may be divided into two classes; the
one consisting of those who may be inclined to take
up their residence in this . country ; the other, of
those who may beclispcsed to return to•live under
the Constitutional Governments. Now, over both
of these classes the British Government has power
enough to keep them in a state of alarm, lest their
evidence should be disagreeable to that Govern-
ment. Any witness who wishes to settle in this
country, the Secretary of State has the power of
expelling from this country without a moment's
warning—possibly to his entire ruin, at any time
hereaftet, and without alleging any cause. Any
witnesses who may wish to reside in. those States
from which the witnesses chiefly are 'brought, must
know that the British Government has had influ-
ence sufficient to induce the Governments of those
States to .employ force to bring hither witnesses
against the Queen; and what security can they have
that this influence will not hereafter be employed
against them if they incur the displeasure of this
mighty authority ?
It will be said, however, that this is not the case
in which the Government takes a part for or against
the Queenthat it is a mere judicial investigation,
in whicb the King of Great Britain and his Minis-
ters are indifferent as to the result as the Great
Seignior and his Divan ;—that all that is desired is,
that truth shall triumph ; that vice shall be punished
if vice exists : and that, if the Queen is innocent,

they will be as sincerely glad that she is acquitted
as she herself can be. Whether this be true, or
whether it be a base and shameful fasehood, we shall
not enquire; our present purpose is merely to ascer-
tain what the witnesses must think of it. From the
experience they must have had of bad Governments,
they will not tale the truth of these assertions for
granted. In their countries they will have seen under
the very same pretext of a regard to public peace or
public morals or whatever other finer words can be
thought of—the best acts of fraud, and violence,
and injustice, of which we have numerous accounts
on the authority of all sorts of English travellers.
We may assume, therefore, that the shrewd Italian
will take a somewhat more extensive view of the
matter. He will see that, for years, the English
anibass adors on the Continent have been employed
in getting together witnesses against the Queen, and
never a single witness for her—that they have col-
lected all the persons vv horn the Queen, or the
managers of the Queen's household, have disap-
pointed and quarrelled with ; that they have kept
some of these witnesses for months Or years; that
they have paid them sums which would make the
fortune of persons in the rank of life from which
they were taken. '1 hey will see the threats
held out to the Queen to prevent her coming ,o this
country; they will see all those who, on all occa-
sions, maintain the Ministers' reviling and black-
ening the .Queen ; they will know that the Minis.
tern have declared, that if their charge .11.;::inst the
Queea lirt.ve to be unteundcd, their hict taust
next . be the sal jest of trial ; and they will
know,.that the general opinion of the country is,
that the Mini,iters intiq tit ,:trey Of, Oeper, 1:7

themselves destroyed. We donot say that, notwith-
standing all this, the Ministers may not he perfectly
impartial—that they may not be as sincerely desi-
rous of seeing the Queen's innocence established as
the Solicitor-General, in his summing-up, de-
clared himself to be. But we have no doubt that,
any persons who have not been accustomed to a set
of rulers of such extraordinary purity—who put on
impartiality as a garment, and become the coolest of
judges from being the most virulent of accusers,
must think any man who persuades them that the
Ministers would not strain every nerve to destroy
the Queen, either an extraordinary gull or a san-
guine calculator on the gullibility of others.

We congratulate our feeders most heartily on the
revolution in Portugal. The world is certainly
becoming more enligiitened, and consequently more
attached to and more worthy of enjoying the bless-
ings of liberty. All Europe appears to be agreed
that as soon. as a Government ceased to be beneficial
to the people, it should be subverted, and in apiitA
of the " Holy Alliance," 'or " the protection of
that exists" which Metternich lately insisted on, we
hope to see the principle adopted every where .--7
Such proceedings will teach Kings and Emperors
a us,..ful lesson—they will thereby be reminded of
an undoubted truth, that as ull real RIGHT to go-
vern must be derived from the people, the people
have a right (and happily the power too) to cashire
their governors for misconduct. The most singular
occurrence attending the revolution in Portugal, as
well as the other recent glorious revolutions is that
the soldiers, the intended instruments of infamy and
tyranny, have been the very melins of their destruc-
tion :—we think this filet must make some of the
yet remaining arbitrary powers in Europe tremble.
They begin to find that even a Congress at Vienna,
and the aid of standing armies, muskets, bayonets,
and sabres cannot be relied upon, when opposed to
A people detamined to rid themselves of a bad Go-
vernment.

- -
Thursday the inhabitant householders of Far-
ringdon Without, those of the Ward of Cripple; ate
Within, and the inhabitants of Paddington, assem-
bled in considerable 'loathers in their different Pa•
risnes, fur the purpose of voting their respective
Addresses to her Majesty. The two Warhmotes
were very respectably attended, and the meeting on
Paddington Green was one of the most numerous
that ever assembled on anyrevious occasion. The
many ladies and gentlemettt present furnished the
best answer to those valuratiiators who assert that
-none but the rabble and radicals have come forward
to express their sympathy for the Queen, and their
sorrows for her su&rings. The discussion in the
Ward of Farringdon Without, was peculiarly ani-
mated, and the proceedings in the Ward of Crip-
plegate Within were also extremely interesting.—
The principal speakers at Paddington meeting were
the Chairman, Mr. Whitbread, Mr, P. Moore, and
Sir G. Noel, and the Resolutions and Addresses
were carried with acclamation.

We have received the French papers of Tuesday.
They are vigilantly watched by the agents of the
Government, fettrful that they should make any,
observations favourable to the revolutions which
have recently taken place. The Clactidienne has
given offence, and the editor has been summoned by
the Censorship 'for having announced the news of
the revolution in Portugal, on the grounds that the
article was not submitted to the Commission, or
that the Journal published it in defiance of the pro-
hibition. Other Journals, however, contain ac-
counts from Madrid, dated the 31st ult., which
mention, that the English troops ,in Lisbon had
opposed the first movements in that capital in
fitvour of the revolution; in consequence of which
a conflict ensued, and that the killed and wounded
amounted to 2000. There is no resl,riction evidently
enforced by the Censorship in Paris, to the promul
gallon of intelligence unfavourable to the. Patriots,
though the news to which we have alluded deserves
not the least credit whatever, as later accounts taus
Lisbon make no mention of such even's having oc-
curred. In one ur two of the Paris Journals t is
affirmed, that the revolution was effected, not by the
military, but by CH:people. We hope such will prove
the case, but it does nut accord with intelligence pre-
viously received. The Gazelle de raiser :lutes, that
the English had abandoned Fort St. Julian, and elll-
- for Gibraltar. According to Coaaddion.
nel, very active communications have been estisblislied
between Spain and Poriugal, au,' a federative nua
intimate alliance has b::en the result. Accordins to
intelligence from Franktiot of the 4th instant, the
orders given tOr the pas.gage of a body of Austrian
troops through the Bavarian territory have been
countermanded, tin w hick it is inferred that Bava-
ria has male uigent rcpNscptationo..tu the Cou:t of
Vienna. •• .

FRE.NCII FLNDIS.--Five ver Cents., 73 90e.
Back Stock. 1,:i69f,
