lot, VIII,

FUNDAY, MARCH 17, 181 G.

........„.„ _
. ,OunDay Skuingementis. toyed seven years of Sundays. The appyepriation of this
ewe 41Otr ---•011P6, groat proportion of time to repose is owiimg entirely to
. „ .
NTittarnillasv (font the Week."--Spr titiflAltllb the spirit of Christianity acting on the laws and institu-
-liv eem • thuiti of the people who profess it. At times, when the
``fryfirstnr.trioN' OP Tiff 4',1813.4771, i ebour of the six days is eagerly purchased, there is no
•r • - A —• o : ', ...-,......nrr
eltfill (blitthut religion is truly the religion of ben.. reason to doubt that the eeventh (as Mr. Graham, the
Author of the beautitlii poem on the Sabbath, remarks)
Velettete 411 its precepts and institutimes are adapted to
would be purchased likewise if it were In the merket, and
promote the happin&es and to advance the- perfection of
the lehouring part of the community would be exposed
mankind ; while it points out to the rich and the powele
fel higlier"4lFderts of pursuit than wealth or ambition to imnrentitting unmitigated slavery.
Thoneektherefbro, our religion had done nothing else,
can supply,'and tteehes lessons to the wise which they .
but emiml, " on the Sabbath thou shalt do no work; thou
eould nu where else learn ; it tekos the poor and hen°.
nor thy arras, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, or thy
m ant ureter Its perticuler protection, and tends in the
maid-servant," it would We oontlarred an invaluable
lamest 4,rcet manner to ametiorete their condition. Its
blessing on the world ; but it has gone further, and has
spirit operating upon anady in 4 long course of ;gee, has
provided the means of mental iniproventent, and moral
pr,iduced inceleulaiale benelits to the lower radars, has
instruction, while it has !secured en exemption *am bodily
brought meat the abolition of domestic slavery, and
given origin to these numerous charitable ebtalilishments exertion, In edam systeut& of worehiP wu meet with
numerous *grinds, in which the people were expected to,
iJr removing distress, or reclaiming vice, which adorn the
suspend the usual business of life, end surrender therms,
cities end towns of all Christian countries, The immeti-
solves to the balls of pleueure, mettle eddbitions of super.
tution of the Sabbath, as a day of rest thin bodily labour,
ktitleims pegeantry. In the religion uf the heathens, al,
and a season emisemettmel to religious exercises, is It stanml.
view every divinity of importance had his appointed tbs.
i;t4 nionitincot of the seine merciful end enlightened
eie:' ; an I the officers of the public were prohibited from
seeirit. To those, where situation in litb raises them
perti,rinittl.; their usual publiu tintice - the day when It
ebove the necessity of atonal lahour, And wimpfeel the
occurred,
weight of intlmilenue rather than the Wipe of incessant
I ite ummfass mat omit p,
exertion, no idea can be convoyed of the happiness which
Rometiince longer periods
such a periodical return of relaxation oonthrs tipon the
snperstitious Indolence
;elm:Airing and induntrimets claims, whose time 4
.spur=t
nothing like an immunit,
in the workshop or time field, and whore nights, instead of
ceisees of eomiety, owl
yieldinc complete rehealitnent, arc wascnty 'Wildcat to
relette the waste of strength incurred In the tells of' the was,t_here al, 4,31' 41, t,44".
peovione day. 144 the beii.t. ac tip, fa,,alor, tile Sunday witrus ineutrti cuittrttort
introduces 114 Chtingo to them; It presents no fheling can. ,ThQ, rts:_°,Yl° "(MI"
Midi 1 vicissitude less not taught them the eott„ „t, pv., "MP
.moglou,l,ll.lquelies!els I b‘t
vUillo. 'lto buttrikkett moult "mole sOr ..S.P'ii . ..“-:l;ietico, I.l'o 1."'.2.' r.. *.
.:.
''''s
' ".'"
•''
truths; and ri•tired to ,
the letter, the day of resit omits Iv met with it thoutrind
that ef dissolateplemeture; with uo remembrance, but of
etttectiomis. It Is always anticipated as e delivertmee,
a eplendiil. show, or of a bloody rite,
end welcomed us 4 blessieg, It is invested always with I.ite vacant acres, ins:moque prof inns dein,
fresh novelty, nod presents oneioying 04i/wets, They joirgia, differ opus beide turbo mien :
'vent it with the earful theling of cAnwinetney and opoild crrais °kiwis ut incest ignibus art bcr,
VA wont anoontis spina litittst focia
it with the memme Keen eenScirtiteuese of a happy existence, (:Qtly rudti uperum prmetment fericitilat juveuel,
with which thomem who have beefy afflicted with e gout, or own einit eaumpis herba Talift;ai *ilia.
l'alvi., tV.I4 dies, tabliorque, tuvelliXe SeMPet
i'lltifittod With a fiwer, riot in time first period of reeot crud A papule rerun; tiigtia putotto ocrli.
lush)), Lot those who beets never Shit the weight of the It is lieodless to mention how much the xercisas n
primitive eurro of tahoir pronou.too4 %Too cup'cup'raoo, slid emmenci.4l for the Chit/dine Sabi/oth, ditter from the
who of pouffe, have never personally experieueed the re, heathen ceremonies and exhilutioes. ley our relieion, a
lief from it which religion coomecrents in the rest el the particular teeter (.4'lllol is appointed to instruct ti•eir bre,
Oren in their detieem and to, invite them to pre tine them;
Sebbeth ; or let those, who 40.0 taig:441,41 in the gay ;aid
to extelead the greet truths of a spiritual liystorta i to
o:4.4lpated scenes of life, and who regercl it it polv an
:vcith,micrattv the W.
.ertdi. ip.per from the dominion ef the
outevel of glumly Indelence, hc*Attom it poky internipt
'emote of their 4144009nents, Br withrin.w tome of 010 tenr4t The
rune
)4tis trlteltet,llll,ll, as Well its moral tbAree-
et flu- 11E114 anus not only beetime
mitiistera of their phenairee, survey titq aoteal euedition pettekere or
.het rest which at en emblem of the ecpeee
of the greet majority of their brethren fiat els days cao which hope loathes them to aspect in a happier state uf
of stv-eit i Itild thin they will be 411104 I.ttllcittt tiny p,pti uNis!ence. but are cancel ups* to esoeise time highest fit„
~,nel ilitigue„ to apprecinte the inipcsoance? yid tgostwei cultic* of. their natiite, en soNeet& tithe grotoso intiogt,
once ; fo4 to exampic doctrint.s v. otledicipliss of a nobler or:
lence of the ( itrit•ti3rs tipprovirl4ttral .4' the itpw?nth, i ,ct
them (tbseeve what they entt We ill the fields and an the 4,ris,A;L'`,l';',4")th„wit,9rfe. p.4144414t (.117pf CrVd 114141111:' .°Ctillitit:4
144 eeedB Ottlieg the teeeli 1 lit 0161:116111" 04 c"-`44,414)4 tvr,ry Clll4.'Alt.i:trt temple - tirnrssbeceplet.. sl.l:s4;cs latool-1 of di-el
mariefeetory, us (I‘..Seb4a tote the tatheeithy DAMN let rilosreelly, es well as is Once of 1.1101.1§ islityfr, ta , wil the
ll
tite' there rtntWeli the Idq:blotre upon ell the hp-tinge rt 14;44 ,tnd the lun43#l, the most rtillfOtilltgi Rll4 the nioit
WI ,ti to trtttn twin All its powele ; let them eqieithp,, ignlueut4t, ary "Kpodil Air/lined to hear the most &Nailer-1
slie
prof,l4o
wasw
of 114t1s 4. ,troNttit.
4t, 4403, 01.14 tie/the, anti to iii:rttrm the most solemn dethes Ind*,
lefritt.ti energy. iitearred. tr. iinvitrYing' lahlitir lit A Pesti: tthe her(:e,4":l is I•l4l,„,csilsofs"4,e,elllng„„ :734t.,„'1th,„1,.4d1,,14.„ 111,Pii,d
lentiul ottnapheroi illtd then 1ti.74111 let them kttrvq. tills to tifrej ' -"'-
,I;NT,i,i. 04'401 ' -out"-476tu'''s n:iiiii;;;4;:f
iniliWtiSts MOO Pt' atm population On the ittatteY, Ontlttlig our 1/N,liren et ell 4ttiso, ever distant and boodle hinds,
totth !Ilk!, this etudes 01' toll, leat4ng their cglei otol Ilp men mei et a peetimeiliir time the one greet 66:46n.in par,
tastemumente el their work Imeltitid them, tiretat,lltrq thr is!is.., hit v{l lot tityll, steutiOr +Wes hod tittleer4l4 heltind
fresh Or 4 heave% et:A:IRIAN; in time meetings of the the% and are et the sense eminent pituitoit,e tietore the
t:stlittil. tit Intlehilt4 in the tiNiei, of their friends 00 1,1414),,nc °I4I-Pit"rsni 1 iqvcn". Or Ustcrlilkg In 13/44x01.111tt
f htU llt'ißts PlAlst ist hartlttittel, or th,tr apirit4 innittattg. of hit Ipe his WQlAO"4l°t mast titgf klt Mtge
. 4Ctrlopo, it' theY do re,' #.oltiplithis4. in tho ittoiistiroi el 131„ behold:lo.lell4eieha's'atilt(t'lneteirri„,lseg tote ",,f,ll/145E'soisiwsbot tit/lasio/11:
the Vintrailt, find MOO IttO provilitias gf the thtirth t.vin, people 4 ell ntoks and rofossiots, peet`ggitiOris their the old,
Vtontinlent, Whir $ mighty hte-Aing to miitikilid ; Ittlts litylai the Wally ,it Clod, 8144 proAtti4g ottiy it'd ‘tiator,
OA' is3ried Al' eels*Atten Posture At en Shoeitnicrrals...hew 1 till; whidt rtt4te (long shOicAtim 14 hill TANeu.Ve VOINIM
Is ostiti4ity do the areengeow are pts ligili n with `tit in, V, idUthl lIIIIItYnnt,
ititittigt3 of this solbath haritioain with the wisdom of *1 W., inlet/tied to hnse, given tonic advice In the 'retitle op
' timeebsertetiee of the eat/Willi, end to ttiVot Utiiind ItS Aria in
Siibittrd in the vicissitude, of taus anti niatol
lie wt.', 140 timed seventy yratsa in eta woad, Lbi en. 11.`"t4" ""lie fognuiellitlit #4111645, I Ovter tam tow., iiii
itiOtt4o, oppertuany. I ,

131PZRL

PRICF. 91d

PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MORDAY, NlARett 11.

The Marquis of Anglesey took the oaths and his seat.
Several Petitions were presented again►t the Property-tax
and the Insolvent Debtors' Act.
The Lord Chancellor led on the table a draft of aill for
embotlyinc all the Acts imposing the punishment of the Pillory
into oun'ftill..—Adjourned.

TUESDAY, MARC* 41.
Many Petitions were presented against the Property Tax ;
and oue, 44 yards iu length, and filled with two columns of
nanirs, trout the PreehoWors of Statfordshirr, against that and
the Standing Army,
STATE OF THE NATION.

The Ilnku of MEDFORD acknowledged the indulgence of the
House in his late indisposition, and assured them that nothing
bet a strong sense of duty would have urged him to bring this
motion forward. if he should be able to prevail on them to
go into a Committee, he would ask them to look at the proposed
standing army, and to say if many reductions might not be
made which most be beneficial in a financial point of view.
With all the imam; placed in the power of 'Ministers to termi.
Our the war, by a wise and secure peace; it would be for the
House to deride whether that termination had been given by
them to the war, or not, If they had done so, ho would afford
them his feeble praise., but if not, as far as he could, he would
raise his feeble voice against them. He then noticed the ap.
pliration of •j3,0u0 men for the service of Great Britain, having
at the same time t force of 30,000 men disposable In Franca I
and hr weidd ask if ouch a force was necessary at home. The
amount of fhree proposed fur our new colonies was also, in his
opinion, ter too large, He could not conceive how 25,090 men
I Irelaud

e e,
Stroyod, for filar it alsottld be drawn into precedent ; and 'shoo Id
it Ito said that their ancestors were nuirojeahnti of their Illaere
ties and property than we were i Ho ilotiecd the giSiressed
state of astrieostort, in consequence of which almost one-liajf
the farmer% in the country were bankrupts or ill jail. His
Grates again adverted to the state of Ireland, and called on the
House tit go into a Colothitter, for the purpotte of examining
into the mils which weighed so !wavily on that country. H.
Wes sire that from sort an enquiry the greatest henetits might
be expected; loot he called on them to reduce the ettalalish-
inqsts in every part, tar the pu Tow of alleviating the distresses
of the I'oll4lly. tin theft moved, 'IT. at the 110SISe should rep
solve ;bluff into a Committee on the Mate of the Nation.
The Duke of Sussex rosr to set ono the motion i and in dojo*
so he drew the atfontion of thit llottse to the external .tats of
our pulley, and that which applied to our Internal atramate
meow Our ilitficulth.s, no dualist, arose roma 'the long pro-
trarta4 war in which Ike wore Au lately engaged, but tlas
isstoeultses wider which we now lohniired,in his opinion, woe,
th4i the %,,:tr had not leen terminated by the aittaiement of the
ollificts for which wo lied carried it on. If the 'pale of Water-
loo had completed tie a secure and pctoutnotit Praee. il,rn ~•
had •thtitted the olajert for which the war was carricAl on ; but
his Opinion was, that we sr: re by no Ineaus restosed to that
.tat,' of 1411.ritY t'rPellaalleavy ill P••••• iIP doubted that ;.t
present we 1140 not been Able to ratan to that trveriNtetig state
alt mannfaesures and attninerea as latteate the ear of the Just.
oi even at the Waco of Auden.. Itie high suite of
twit taaation alloseesi 14 to make use of sock good time
terials,uor to make our workmanship sn suhistantiot ma thriller.
1) hot thia reason the manufacturers alaroad were able to
sell 91414 o.lterilent intnittlhetorrs as v 5 pee malt, elleapor
lama we eonhl 0441 tq sell ours, At home too, the former
umild n‘t affpr4 Irk pay Aomitelt tides fur the imminent of
his oral family. He next noticed the !Iry atatittitai totet, ibt
the *Amory ; ,Intl if that fart': Aliv• to he kept osi te. au:Omaha a
(lovrr.oecia in woo her eutiutty, he eattlii tint consitlei
tovorsinuint at a Imo agent ;11411y treaty of pewee it Rti-ht sign
with us or ego. .1111 las ; ne.SlSser eculd he am:4ov an aoveiv
ivieot its a simper one w!ileb did ;;at exist In the affection aud
emaSsitenee of the pimple over whom It titled. lie Wit of upi.
4614110 M We °let I(. ccot.iitot aural eta us an 4;..utar poweri
stool without intc..tking %sal. tint Li:dance of reo upe, se c. should
Ise Ode so throw was tt weight iota eat sal h' Whivit it might be
our
.ttittrc.t lo oruliwgtivr4to. this mason, he thought a
wild force alight rather be knits up than a willtur) Law ; both
because tg was more oaleolisted so moot attykulsrt, stud al-0
beeavisb • military three eel et conjoin of Jtalttusy to evict,
En%lisli can, jl the isnot oe ihoiser psititrd us at holm.,
wit nail good workmen tool sisithtlik oitisotts who wawa some
tarmittl and protect their vomit). lot when the clamp r
saniili subside. thq wouhi return to l'ittair occupation., Lot he
was afraid that mot Iset,d op to the trade of aolthi•ti, were OW.
Fujed n/r saved Oatitis of eitizens. Pat lil4. pert he looked
at the yt she congress with sirrut Jealousy, when
he ,o,nsidered that, tlionalt they wets. on:tenuous Air the %the-
mhos at' the silaNi, l'rodo, yet they thought niabiug uPdltidini
fhele co„„trie‘ unto military estultlistaments amid positiossit.
The Earl or In! Ntiv.tax opposed Ito: tautldtt. The) teem JO
stirre that stove peace establislautat site accessary i sand hors.

. _ .
pnblin (Winn un Om day when It l was necessary for Ireland,lint, in his opinion, Ireland hat
boon too long treated as a conquered country. In his opi-
nion, a was necessary to take 101110 steps to conciliate the
it per gum trig verb; alkaline, people of Ireland; and above all, to give her Catholic inhabi-
teriods than a day Were &Dotted tans their duo airs) equal rights in the Constitution. It had
std
alsooh4terovis bit ovire
Was r:47.1),,11,,,,,th0 th.7.rwere too furious to be admi.tted into the
they had felt their degradation strongly,
Aity frond ltthoi r, exterldinß t 4 BR they bad also approached that par with Trillions, mild, bet
rot:taring atatcrl nor m 4
finneni He l'o.tieeti the taxation proposed le inert that establish,
d .1n itolug sot be quoted the opinion of Noble AT.tr.
fluff flu eittplgyisiont to, pile num- him (Lans4owtie), that those taxes amowitoa t.i one.
:tort of the leisure ootually enjoyed, I k.,if or titri actual income of the country. It fiymild thereprg
t,.sotnezterre.,,ittttitiehedisesupetiegsol/sr, oefotratxhilettcoon:itio:stpyeity
rtrata thtir Votnpli,s, i4ll(J‘Veil they
dale; bait they heard *km* •ivere.iwuriog in from all parts against the property
, , ':tOpstilpifaaug pot I)^t %.nia4ft 1111 pertin, eitt ^f tlli Cittiai
• .• • ot iii eAtimetitier in persisting to 'ores. the contilltlance
o their 110104 with no 1001i11(.; but of 016 tax, In the reb,m of Henry IV. this lax (vas peoposril,
t......• vetavirsaimhle•inesi hilt tie but allerwartis the ordered all trace of it to bk:
