by you; she whole credit of it livelong,. to "4111. ti atelloo
• IV,thir; to this victory. W..; 1.41 VIVI Menem-at,. to II
B i ish charaeter—if was Imu.swei Me In the sl.ili «mifs every
f. en arms; hot what were Ile resents? Were no! tie' French
'ration subjected to clones of steel. in unit r to compel them
to belr a system of government suited to the vicws of tyrant,
GI our 1/Wll country, was not a standing army k. pi up in time
of peeve, only fur the purposes of opine-swim: f Nu eelrenek_
oleo! wigs otloplrd--.410 relurm was admitted. Mettle of
Mete 100 was the Minister's tenth, in Wh•:eh neither this
te•ssietiy our the Emollient gained any bent fit. It was fiat,
therelore, to lie compared to the victory gained in ;
tor till theft dor CO- of London had bee n the
cootie hold ; it eta.. 04 they k 110.1.4, stroug mid unassailable.
In the City the !Minister had his tools as ready end as active as
in the House of Cenitutofte. It is now aratifyinc, at the eml of
20., ears. to to d !bast. w:to whose power
sve vomentled against in Vaill•lollo.taioulisql .1 u., cajoled us,
• au4l elsisseeens, till the British lion Was 1'4.1190.4 gnu hurled
;hem them thei:-station, it is gratify lee to remind Them that
their power V. 4, foateled in falsehood arid oppreseion, midis
therefote short lived. When I first ent..reil into the corps„
ration tit' London, dime was Ilene to suppress me except the
t• ertieut and toed hood who has unit eloho me the Item a:
rig till the chair; 'ruder his bowlers I listed, and whatever
difierencts of opinion we sissy have had, OM' (to iiii-hip I.
'revel- been in lei The Co;(( 11411 was ken a set.
volt in:aliment in the lintels of Alb:asters. They'lbel only to
send 1111 e illithNr In propose a Idtoorste measure. roil it Wit 3
adopted. Every thing was canted on with shut deers, and
Hu talents terry et en allowed to he Monett' into action. The
livery have now felt their emu streogni, mot I hope they will
never reitounre the litAAer they hare designed. In Westmin-
ster misfire-rude:ll inductive ow. peoe.till,,but it 4,48 nothing
to chat it was fu the city; Go the Almister nee, r attempt-
ed Oily 111e4Slift• Vl'll 1111111 tisst patiug th. W II), fm the city by a
itiveltillg of illerdiaalP, nastess, deo% lor the %%;11' the re WaS
a meeting 111 411crehani Tell I's Hall, at se hi. li tit'
vvas first raised, and at which no 111411 1111 •t 01.p,51. the Minis.
terial sentiment without hazeriling hls I 1 ; tier a relent' whom
I have in my eye (11r. Fes e.l) very mil sooty escaped situ
fire ir that meeting. Evety ma..'s life was thee: et the
pleasure of the Miwiatrr, Who mete daily cm remelinients on
the constitution, and had recourse to pee petnal sitsuerisioris of
the mamas Corpus. Assoilarr meeting ea. hi Id 41 GI ocer4'
Hull, consequence ufa petition Irian the livery iu cowmen
Ball against the war ; sit that nweting, white' yitto mull MI
remember, I st have 144 it my life bait fee you. At thatilmo
all who advocated reform, who oppuseel the war, tit oho dis-
emcee, with the %Bluster. were revinistionists, fire brands,
.and persons not to be endured in society. ()floe, they have
acted ',the. wise ; ton they 11/4ve done so, only bet suss they
haver/mod t..eir delusional an clod. They formerly uctiicd
into • corners, and voted the public resolutions of the
Livery disloyal. Will they now charge it. wing ilodOptit!, ?
luck al the late meeting et the loyalists; they soon set a kirk.
log one auother out of nom s, and it elided in a llneon squ4b..
hie. We Jae-ohms, on the eoi.traty, meet and enjoy one
•enothei's society in queerness and social hummer. Ist can.
vassii.g, 1 141111311 such a change of opinion, such a warnit's
Joann. ling in s learnt( public. events, as proved the lively
outeresi 11.. w taken in the conduct of., your representatives.
At the ratite time I 10111111 111411 y whoierd no idea of making
• odic I 11,r el their elective franchise but inertly to off -
bee or serve a friend. I hupe those wilkaou catch eoine of
the dame which is happily now so powei fel. It is most gra-
til)itl. 10 me to eye 40 111411) of the lowest persons, who are
nsua ly celled ratible,taking such a keen but peaceable inter-
est in the triumph of .indopentlence. ThOhlt persons are
usnaliy treated With contempt ; but is it not from those diet
our army antieav y are suppled: and shall they have so much
praise fur sari dieting their lives in war, and yet be execrated
it tht y but t elapse a political sentiment ? professiens
•!•IVl' 11011 C to make. fly past coif:eget is the only profession
I otter. If your presera representatives are found deficient
in talent or iu principle, your !Humph is not therefore less ;
for you beer mist ti whom yon thought you could rely
*you, 141111 yeti base dO.ll 11:d 111441 e whom you knew you
4.011111 no: rely u, tin. / thasik y for the expression or your
,entonensi. gi Chris lime ; I thank lon tor the esertion
mule during the elertion: 1 hope you will traumata the et-
ample to your child. co, and teach them ,stn act in the same
manner, When they find the goverment& toNhe country carry.
mg on measurrs Sessional to the Intel ests of Vir nation."
When Mr. Weidman concluded this speech, thee whole
company roes Pp as by one spontaneous feeling, applauded
Is) every denwestrai ion of setisfaction,aad concluded by three
:mist hearty ellt
_

Mr. %Valituna's then proposed the heath of Mr. Alderman
Goodbehere.

Mr. Alderman Good!eeliere returned thank'', and congratu-
lated them on their deliverance from the to aunnels which had
confined all their ethnic Alankind would tee e now leave been
muchadvanced in science, literature, wraith., mod happiness,
but for the preposterous 'cyst/ins of government %Melo had
prevaihl, and entailed slavery, privation, and me aey swami
men. Ku hoped that their late success would pewee both
the commeacement and the stimulus to a he tter u; der of
things.

" The 4003 liverymen who voted fur Mrs Wahl/mail."
",Mr. Alderman Thorp."
Mr. Aldernt..n Thorp, -in returning thanks, congratulated
thew, not so 11111C11 because li. happened to be one, of their
representatives; not even because of their choice of his
friend, whose long, able, and coin...jest/a )))) *support of free-
dom, cutit:ed him t.. the narssiestatatitteile of his friluse Ci-
tizens ; but because they had established their onto indepen-
dence. It would be his dui). and study toe rile.- ti. tear Outsell,
he had already given, and he trusted that ss hen the day of
account came lie should not tve found to have been unfaithful.
His father, if his age aud health had allowed hoe. to be pre-
sent, would have told him whist his iiiiisciples mid Is. rat lot 50
yea's, and Irons them they might perhaps havelafrrr. d 14
own. ` Of his electieu hr !ad only to s.iy, that *hi a Mr.
Wattlinutia's was durbuCol, he had no tight to ei.tu.sie
sru:es; but be had to thaitA their good %theist' that ,sta.ectioss
tor his sorry...

" Mr. u s,i . mad the iiitierredi.i.t riveters of Mlddiemi x."
Mr. '",)1.4 said ILIA eny the work,. it ris iteirbted to
throes tot Ilir t Fiat Aiurn. bey no o.t ..0 as
examitil• to th. poo4 I NI, Ilk the) diIP liiikurimbw or their
CondUt I 111 twat• how s% I Wit) desired all !•ir.rj ask vr.--
The vii..t,ge war 41i rod) %i.iblr. Thaw *iv lied disoti•
[trawled diem us Earliest.. trails troy etl, gild thempt w u.,11•W
spoke allover rut/Awl a. uuiytuu.lity t Dia pai. Pie-
'haul ill h juvig.uphi ultio bb.,:44Plie,llb ilf Ship 1114.41 It, d• the
adll an-114,i II 111.11 f. IVO' 46,141.1 la. I .es• es se, ...11146
Chit 11 had wit:wird Imp f. p.r. II lie
f It ia hii t utw, ;cap WI. tell ext... 10141. la. .41,111 d re-
sign Anti nog attete.i,g uy hg. pans' t Noe lb 111 CUlllliel..
act the gent:salaams of thl,ipeoylo. French
revoluitua
