TUE NATION

as in the society he .aw, notoriously hostile to the Bourbons. I
On Lord Kinnaird requesting the• statement of any precise
facts, the Minister stated, • that this resolution had been
adopted on general grounds ; and then largely expatiated on
the imprudence of by far the grc tier pat t of the English
reitient in France, who take every opportunity of ridiculing
certain branches of the Royal Family, of invidiously eon-
tra-itmg' acts of the present with those of the Usurper's go-
vermoent, and treating the constituted Authorities with
undisoiscd contempt. Lord kinnaird, on quitting. the
Minister, communicated the event to Sir C; Stuart and
the Duke of Wellington ; the former of whom had received
no official information on the subject. He instantly ad-'
dresva the Due de Richlien, and requested to know the
reasons why a British Nobleman had been subject to so
inhospitable a proceeding. The next 'morning Lord Kin-
naird received an official letter, enclosing his passport, from
the Prefect of Police : but it was not until two days after,
that, at the reiterated request of the British Ambassalor, an
acknowledgment was sent to his letter. In this the Minis-
ter coened himself to general topics ; no specific charges
were made ; but the general accusation of holding opinions
unfavourable to the existing Government, and visiting per-
sons atteints par la .enure des lois. His Lordship, through
the BritiFh Abassador, wrote to the Due de Richlieu, un-
equivocally denying on his honour each of these allegations ;
but this docusuent, and the spiiited representatiens of Sir
C. Stuart, supported by an interference on the part of the
Dul;e of Wellington, were alike ineffectual. His Lordship in
censequOice quits Paris in the course of the day for England."

Capt. Crokcr, of the lately returned from Algiers,
has laid before the Public a Letter on
,the subject of the
slavery of the Christians, of which be was an eye-witness,
etiieuLted to excite the best feelings of humanity. The Afri-
can Slave Trade was w.,thim.r to it. The honour of the coon-
tiy is also. deeply interested in this horrid traffic being put
down, as several of the instances were in direct hostility to
the British flag. The author give"; from actual inspection,
the state of the defences of that scene cf horror, and stales
the pr3bability that these piracies would be put down, even
on a serious demand being made.
The rc,% iegulation of hiving theiiiimicr of ha, kney coach C 5
i.t!ar,e ti tots uptit tie back of the c...a(h, as veil as on t!;f-
do-A, s, wilt :,c nilt only an additio, al security t'' tlw I,,assott&s,
bu' will ini,le readily lead to dttecti,mi %%lice aee:tiehts ~e,.(1,
t.
fri,n. ft, i• ii, driving.
DISTRESSED MANUFACTttRERf.—We rejoice to state, that
the 1./.1-.1 Mayor bus announced hisintention-of -shortly giv-
i in.ix a spleneill route at the Mansion-House, the object of
'which is to assist the distreteed manufacturers, particularly
those concerned in the Spitalfields' trade, (i,00() of wliont„ it is
confidently stated;ftredestituteofemploymwt! A Qmniittce
of Gen lemen of the first respectability, arc about. to under-
take the matiageitent of this benevolent plan, atimested dry
his Ler3ship. The Egyptian Hall, with all the ctitex rooms
• in th Mansion-House, are intentici to be titro,wo open on the.
or a; on, snit to be brilliantly alyzninnted with g,-as,, for wbicht
1 purl o c they are now preparing, The eject barT, W 4. 1-:efore
tita...e, for the relief of the manufacture.", it is ezilktgt4l tllßt:
evt .--, indhitlual present will wear, or bring with them, sfime
neN. -;y4mucbtaseti sirticie of the Spitalcields raanufaotqre. It
is lin .erelyhoped that on_ an OZ.M4SiO/1 like this, -w.liAte trit
phi•, nfiropy, ana tbv ismorpririce, may be blended It *et'.:
ti. '. oot only the giirm.l citiAn, but the nobility, gentry; ..f at
e......, t: e "oval Firetily, will lend their aid in atitipps:ift of Sc,
littrnane and hivalable **ay. Die votice y.4lllo4lYti tit
the int...aided ila.,-...
t
' Ail

FEB

DIFFUSION OF THE SCRIPTVES.
11y the favour of a Correspondent, we have the satisfaction to communi.
cats the following testimonies, among the many daily dieted, of the
benefits resulting to mankind, in the four quarters of the globe, from
the general diffusion of the holy

Louisiana, April 30, 1815.

THE inhabitants of Florida, principally Americans, axe
generally without the Scriptures ; so are the other Ameri-
cans, f.r the most part throughout the state. Before the trans•
mission of Bibles thither in 181 3, there were not ten among
the French inhabitants of Louisiana. The manner in which
they have been received is highly gratifying, and encourages
the belief, that the labours of those who have united in this
work will not be lost. The French have received them.
with much satisfaction : it is possible that some may have
&sled for them from curiosity ; but very many have done so
from a wi-h to search them : numbers declared they had
never seen them lx f
After a few persons had received the New Testament, and
it had become generally known that there were more in the
hands of one of the managers, who had been appointed to
make the gratuitous distribution of the whole number de-
signed for the city, the applications were more frequent than
could be supplied : a large crowd of some hundreds of people,
of all colours and ranks, was formed before the house, and
became literally clamourous to have a book, a word which
was often vociferated in French by fifty voices at once.
The managers have received the hearty co-operation of
variouiindividuals, &c. The Rev. Father Antonio de Sedilla,
the Curate of the garish, has taken an active pare in aiding
the circulation of the New Testament fr the Catholics :
amoN
the countenance given by him to the views of the Society is
of the highest impnrtance, from the great influence which he
has among his parishioners.

Philadelphia, May S, 1815.
There are now within our national limits 76 Societies,
which have taken their re,pective shares in this great design.
LETTER FROM THE REV. MR. SUPPER, SECRETARY TO THE

BIBLE SOCIETY AT JAVA•

Batavia, 4/h February, 1815.

You cannot think with what eagerness some A;-abian mer-
chants and Scheiks read the Bibles they received of me ; for
whole nights they sit together reading this book of books.
An Arabian merchant, who has returned to Arabia, re-
ceived a few days before his departure, a Bible of me; and he
actually delayed his departure for several days, in order
to read it with tranquillity and reflection. He promised to
'recommend this book to his countrymen, and implored a thou.-
saf.d blesFinw, upon the Bible.
I must also tell you, that many Chinese in this place
eagerly read the New Testament, put into their hands last
'year by the Rcv. Wm. Milne, who is really a faithfill and
;very able assistant to Mr. Morrison, in China. I sometimes
Tot raipul ou purpose, and often find Chinese peasants reading
to their flunilies in the morning out of their New Twtament;
ana they also request instruction about some passages. I gave
a portion of the 01L1 Testament in Chinese to several, who
received it with the • way est gratitwle, awl one merchant
Tressed it to Mt Irwin nnd• kissed it. O thet yoi could be
an eye-evil-nem of the eagemeSs. with whil+ thew, people road
tike. word of Ged,
Among the iin,••rmetuents iii crenett ittroprbaence, is tha
a p %TIN twuc fo+ the same offence. AA e fiat' in the Va-
. jou nat. Attention made or four imiividuals who, after being
acquitted by o .Ukuat ou charges bf se(liti.on, we apr.e4l‘ll
aB‘timt to another, which cdovictell ' '
