976

THE NATIONAL lIII;GIfititC

• .
66. Nu to: tre4s, no portion of tenant.), can be declared in a st.te
of sieo;but in ease of irivaaiint by a rot vign force, or of civil broils. I
In the former case the declaration iS made by an act of the Govem.
ment. In the latter it can only be done by the law. HAtever,
should tlicts.o Chambers not then be sitting, the act of the Govern-
Moot, deciat M.: the stare of 'lege, must be cativo te.l into a plan of
m Ifni, a fortnight after the meeting of the Cliambets.
ta7. he French People moreover declare, that in the delegation
uhich it has made and makes of its powers, it has not meant, and
doe. net mean to give a right to propose the reinstatement of the
Thur!,ooF. or any Prince of that family, on the throne, even in case
of the extinction of the Imperial dsnasty ; nor the right of re.esta
blisbing either the ancient feudal nobility, or the feudal and seigncr
rial riel,to, ok tithes, or any privileged or predominant religion ; nor
the power to !ter 11,e irrevocability of the sale of the national do-
m4ins ; it foroodly interdicts to the Government, the Chambers, and
the Citizens, all propositions on that subject.
Given at Paris, April ft. 1815.
(Siened)
By the Emperor.
The Minister Secretary of State,
(Signed) The Doke of BASSANO.

NAPOLEON.

Then follows a decree regnlatin the proportion of representatives
for each Ilipal:nitit, who are in all to be 605.
Mother &cove appoints 25 Dep•ities to be nominated for all the
art.owlive•aero: I. ''l,lll among merchant., ship•ownem bankers, and
nil.- • •t• -. .ev Tyr • Obv the electcral colleges, out
o Hos presented by every department.
Th n follows a decree fot• openin:.; registers in which the votes on
the nsoito ion are to be irscr:betl. They are to be open ten days.
'1'1! et f-lbe Constitution also to be ent to the army and navy.
Th. ssembty of tote Field of May, for e,.atniuing the votes, &c. is
appo rated for the I.6th May.

FOREIGN STA 7 E PAI'ERS.

PROCLAMATION OF THE EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA.
14 We. Francis the First, by the Grace of God, Emperor of Austria,
King of Hungary, Bohemia, Lombardy, and Venice, Gallicia
and Ledorairia, ice. Ace., Archduke of Austria.
" In consequesce of the Treaties concluded with the Allied Pow-
ers, and fart-er Conventions concluded with them, the Prorinets J
d and Venice, in their whole extent, as far as Logo Maggiore,
the river T eine, and the I'o, together with part of the territory of
Manful on the right bunk of the latter river, also the Province of
the VeLeliti, the Counties of Chravenna and Bormio, arc incorpo-
rated with the Austrian Imperial Dominions, and united for ever to
them as au integral part. Animated with the most ardent desire to
'wafer on the irihrbitants of these provinces and districts an unequi•
vocal proof of our Imperial affection, and the high value we set upon
this imior, and also to give them nu additional gnarautce for the
close lies which henceforth bind them to ns, We have thought tit to
create the abovementioned Provinces and Districts into a Kingdom,
by the title of the Kingdom of Lombardy and Venice, and have,
therefore, published these presents for the purpose of making known
to every one this our imperial determination."
[Here follow the Articles, 1,5 in number.—Among other provi-
sio;is it appears, that the Iron Crown and the ()idyr with quit Title
are to be retained; that the Kingdom is to be governed by a Vice-
roy, and divided into two Governments, of which Milun and Venice
shall be the capitals.]

• PROCLAMATION OF THE KING OF PRUSSIA.

lc When in the time of danger I called my people to arms, to com-
bat for the freedom and independence of the country, the whole mass
Of the youtt, glowing with emulation, thronged round the standards,
to bear, with joyful self-denial, unusual hardships, and resolved to
brave death itself; then the best strength of the people intrepidly
joined the ranks of my brave soldiers, anti my Generals led with me
into battle a host- of heroes, who have shewn themselves worthy of
the name of her fathers, and heirs of their glory. Thus we and our
Allies, attended by %ictory, conquered the capital of our enemy ;
hay •'.ed in Paris: Napoleon abdicated his authority.
security to thrones, and to the

ist main march to the combat. A
back to France the man who, fOr

upon the world tmotterahle rinse-
have not been able to oppose his

APRIL SO.

mite& adherents. Thonelf he hiniself, while still at the head of a
cenaiderable armed force, declared his abdication to be a voluntary
sserifice to the happiness and repose of France, he now regards" this,
'lke every other convention, as nothing. He is at the head of per-
jured soldiers, who desire to render war eternal. Europe is again
threatened : it cannot suffer the man .to remain on the throne of
France who loudly proclaimed universal empire to be the object of
his continually renewed wars, who confounded all moral principles
by his continued bleach of faith, and who can, therefore, give the
world ro security for his peaceable intentions. _
" Again, therefore, arise to the combat ! France itself wants our
aid, and all Europe is allied with us. United with your ancient
companions In victory, reinforced by the accession of new brethren
in arms, you go, brave Prussians to a just war with me, with' the
Princes of my family, with the Generals who have led you to vic-
tory. The justice of the cause we defend will ensure us the victory.
I have ordered a erneral arming, according to my Decree of Sep.,
tetriber 3, 1814, which will be executed in all my dominions.
" The army will be completed, the volunteer companies of gagers
be formed. and the Lstidwehr called together. The youth of the
II chief classes of the citizens, from the age of 20 upwards, are at li-
berty to join either the Land wehr first called out, or the yager corps
of the regular army.
" Every young man who has completed his 17th year, may, if pos-
-1 setsiott the requisite bodily •treneth, join the army at his own choice.
T publish a particular regulation on this subject. Concerning the
formation of single corps and of theLandwelir, a notice will appeap
in eve's. province from the Co:Aituted Authorities.
Thins united, with all Europe in arms, we again enter the lists
awaited Napoleon Bonaparte and his adherents.
', Arise then, with God for your support, for the repose of the
world, for order, for morality, for your Klee and your Country:
II "Vienna, Aprl 7, 1815. ." Fru:mama WILLIAN:k

PROCLAMATION OF THE KING OF NAPLES.
ft Rimini, March 51.
"ITALTAP3!--The moment is arrived where great Jeannie. ;so
abont to be accomplished. Penvidence at length bas called yon to
be an independent People. Ore cry alone resound, from the Os
to the Straits of Seilla—t The Indepondenre of Italy!' What right
has foreigners to ravish from yon yolir independence—the first right
and the chiefest good of all people ? 'Olt have they to reivs
over our fertile plains, and terapprnpriale our treasures to trap; 1.1 aft
them to countries to which they do not belong? What right have
they to carry away our sons to serve them, and to 'anginal and the
'near the tombs of their fathers? Has not Nature given you the proud
btalvarks of the Alps, and invincibility of character, as a barrier
against all dangers?—No. no. the domination of foreigners shall
never polinte the soil of Italy!
" Of old, masters of the world, you have expiated your milticky
glory, by an oppression of '2O centuries. But the day is come wise?,
your glory shall not bend to any masters. Every People should re-
main in the limits which Nature has provided—the sea and inacces-
sible mountains! Behold your frontiers! They never shall overleap
them; but we will repel those foreigners who shall attempt it, and
compel them to return to their own. Eighty thousand Neapolitans
fly to place themselves under the command of their King—they, swear
they will never rest till Italy is free, and already they have repeat.
Idly proved that they will keep their oaths. .
" ITALIANS or •11, COUNTRIES I.—Se-m=l4ll6r magfaanimous ef-
forts. Let those who have borne arms take them again. Let the
youth unaccustomed learn sto bear anus. Let those citizens who are
friends to their country exclaim with one voice for liberty. Let all
the forces of the nations be called into action. They must all be in
motion. Know that Italy must now be free, or remain for ages un.
der the yoke of slavery, Let the struggle be decisive, and we shall
lay the foundation for ever of the happiness of our fine country— of
that country which tltotreh torn and bleeding again, is full of ardour
and strength sufficient to conquer its independence. Men of tinder-
derstanding of all eon:Aries—People who are worthy of a free Go•
vetnment—Princes who are distinguished by the grandeur of their
character, will rejoice it your enterprise, and will applaud your tn.
tiniphs! Can England refuse you her approbation?--that nation w lw,
havinz ~hewn to all other nations the model of a national and Coif.
st'tntinnal Government and a free people, who hat the finest title to
glory, and who has shed her blood and her treasures for the iudepen•
deuce and liberty of her people !
" bane l• --Itis not long Aimee yon were appealed to, and yoa
pledaed your oaths. You are surprised at our inaction, but the pro.
pitions moment was not come. I have not again to receive proof of
the perfidy of your enemies. It was necessary you should be con-
vinced, by roc*nt experience, bow awl the liberality of your real

onr LiAnners waved in Paris: IN a
Lihr rt3i. laps vestorc4 to Co 'many,
• • • *l4 •fa a 4uratile peace.
e tun!
• • 4114,17:n..7.,4*1:ir0ngtit
:0 . flown
I -'ll "f *J. ha
• 41\ 44:t Or 4 '
yaw
tutv.
