REGISTER.

1

ettr Ming, Conattution, anti laths.

PUBLISIIED AT NO. 337, STRAND, CORNER Of EXETER 'CHANGE.

__

Parct 9-d.

banners, which a':e also planted on the dittint rocks of Cata-
lonia. bestraring of victory in the field; and unwilling to
abandon his prey, be has lately adopted a new policy. lie
has set all the springs of intrigue into action, and availed
h.".inself of the influence which he possessed, or purchase.
ed, over foreign nations, to create us fresh enemies, and
compel us to recall those troops Which he no longer dared
to face. To these attempts, on his part, may be attributed
the present troubled aspect of the political world, as to his
boundless ambition, the new eventt which are now filling
mankind with anxiety, astonishment, and fear. At an hour
so fraught with interest, and in which the grand question of
Continental slavery or independence will most likely be de.
finitively settled, we shall bring into a focus the momentous
circumstances of the tunes, and illustrate the picture with
remarks fcninded on information and matured consideration.
NAPOLEON long thought, that the most effective step to
procure the recall of our armies from Spain and Portugal,
would be to induce America to declare war against us.
Well acquainted with the importance of our transatlantic
continental possessions, he kizew we should not abandon
them without a struggle. and as the troops by which they
were occupied in time of peace, were not sufficient to defend
them in case of war, he thought that we must either leave
our native shore bare of soldiers, to send them to Canada
and New Brunswick, or else so considerably reduce the
force we have in the Peninsula as to disable it from acting
on the offensive, and perhaps even on the defensive. His
exertions were long frustrated by the timidity, 'not the
honesty or patriotism of the American goverument. Sold to
him, they wished to obey his dictate,' hut feared, lest their
eagerness to oblige him should betray their corrupt subser.
viency. Hence the various arts they adopted to exasperate
the people against us, and render the idea of a war with
England popular. Whether the" succeeded to the utmost
of their wishes, or as it is more probable, received a direct
order from NAPOLI:ONi, to commence hostilities about the
'same time he should attack Russia, it is at least certain that
they have declared war against us, and that too at a period,
when they could tug be ignorant that concessions had been
made by our Government, which when publicly announced,
would disarm them of every plea, even for. dissatisfaction.
• They seem to have expected, and to have hastened to anti.
cipate by their declaration, the arrival of the official dis-
patches, which would inform the nation that the Orden in
Council were repealed, and every pretence • for complaint
removed. We therefore entertain but very little hope, that
this information will produce any change in their policy*
and induce them to rescind their hostile measures, although
totally unjustifiable.
Whilst, obedient to his call, Nortlx America role ;Darns

