THE

TIONAL REGISTER.

euinstanees, for which the United States were not answer
able, undressed 1 letter to this Government, ()Marin:. the
ti eaty last concluded sills him to have been annulled by cur
violation of it ; nun presenlaig, us the alternative, war or a
relies mil of the former treaty, which annulated, among other
things, au amnion tribute. The answer, with an c-plieit de-
claration, that the limited States preferred war to tribute,
required his recognition and observance of the treaty last
wade, %%Inch Wllllloles tribute and the SlNVery of our captured
eithsess. Tile result of the answer haw not been received.
Should be renew his warfare on our conmoneree, we rely on
the pin tection it will tied in our naval force actually in the
Medite ri :mean.

With the other Barbary States, our affaias have undergone
no change.

'lice Indian Tribes within our limits appear also disposed
to remain at peace. Front several of th in purchases oflands
have been made, partit illarly lavonrable to the wishes and
security of our frontier settlements, as well as to the general
iiiterests of the nation. In some instances, the titles, though
not supported by due proof, and clashing those of one tribe
vrith the claims of another, have been extinguished by double
;timeliest's; the benevolent policy of the United States pre-
krring the augmented expence to the hazard of doing injus-
tice—or to the enforcement of juattee against a feeble and
untutored people, by means of involving or threatening an
effusion of blood. I am happy to add, that the tranquillity
which has been restored among the tribes themselves, as well
as between them and our own population, will favour flue re-
sumption of the work of civilization, which had made an
encouraging progress among some tribes; and that the faci-
lity is increasing fur extending that divided and individual
ownership, which exists now in moveable property only, to
the soil itself ; and of thus establishing in the culture ana im-
provement of it, the true foundation for a transit from the
habits of the savage, to the arts and comforts of social life.
As a subject of the highest importance to the national wel-
fare, I must again earnestljt recommend to the consideration
olCongress, a re-organization of the Militia, on a plan which
will lona it into classes, according to the periods of life more
and less adapted to military service*. An efficient Militia is
authorised and contemplated by the Constitution, rind re-
quired by the spirit and safety of a free Government. The
present organization of our Militia is universally regarded as
less efficient than it ought to be made; and no organization
can be better calculated to give to it its due force, than a
classification which will assign the foremost place in the de.
fence of the country to that portion of its citizens whose ac-
tivity and animation best enable them to rally to its standard.
Besides the consideration, that a time of peace is a time when
a change can be made with most convenience and equity, it
will now be aided by the experience of a recent war, in which
the alilitia bore so interesting a part.
Congress will call to mind, that no adequate provision has
yet been made for the 'funnily of Weights and Measures,
also contemplated by the Constitution. The great utility of
a wandard, fixed in its nature, and rounded on the easy rule
of decimal proportion, is sufficiently obvious. It led the Go-
lllll eat, at an early stage, to preparatory steps for introduc-
ing it ; and a completion of the work will be a just title to the
public gratitude.

The importance which I have attached to the establish-
ment of an University within this District, on a scale, and for
objects wt rthy of the American nation, induces me to renew
my recommendation of it to the favourable consideration of
(,ingress; and I particularly itiVile the it attention to the ex-
pediency of exercising their existing powers, and where
necessary, of resorting to the prescribed mode of enlarging
them, in order to effectuate a comprehensive system of Mutes
and Canals, such as will have the effect of drawing more
closely together every part of our country, by promoting in-
tercourse and improvements, and by increasing the share of
every part in the common stock of national prosperity.
Occurrences having taken place which chew that the sta-
tuary provisions for tiie dispensation of Ciiminal Justice are
deficient, in relation both to places and to persons, under the
exclusive cognizance of the national authority, an amend-
ment of the law, embracing such cases, will merit the earli-
est attention of the Legislature. It will be a seasonable oc-
casion also for inquiring how far legislative interposition may
be further requisite in providing penalties fur offences de-
signated in the Constittition or in the Statutes, and to which
either no penalties are annexed, or none with sufficient cer-
tainty; and I submit to the wisdom of Congress, whether a
more enlarged revisal of the Criminal Code be not expedient,
for the purpose of mitigating, in certain cases, penalties
which were adopted into it antecedent to experiments and
examples which justify and reconunend a inure lenient
policy.
The United States having been the first to abolish within
the extent of their antliority,the transportation of the natives
of Africa into slavery, by prohibiting the introduction of
slaves, and by punishing their citizens participating iii the
Waite, cannot but be gratified at the progress made by elm-
cue rent efforts of other nations, towards a general suppres-
sion of so great an evil. They must feel, at the same time,
the greatest solicitude to give the fullest efficacy to their own
regulations. With that view, the interposition of Congress
appears to be required, by the violations and evasions, which,
it is suggested, are chargeable on unworthy citizens who
mingle in the slave trade under foreign flags, and with fo-
reign ports; and by collusive importations of slaves into the
Lusted States through adjoining ports and territories. I pre-
sent the subject to Congress, with a full assuranee of their
disposition to apply all the remedy which can be afforded by
an amendment of the law. The regulations which were
intended to gnard against abuses of a kindred character, in
the trade between the several States, ought also to be Leo.
tiered more effectual for their humane object..
'I othese recommendations I add, for the consideration of
Congress the expediency ol'a re-modification of the jildiciary
establishment, and of an additional department in the Exe-
cutive branch of the Government.

The first is called for by the accruing business which ne-
e( scarily swells the duties of the Fedral Comets, and by the
great and widening space, s Rhin which justice is to be di.,-
''lensed by them. The time seems to have arrived, which
claims fOr Members of the Supreme Court a relief from
itinerary fatigues, incompatible, as well with the age which
a portion of them will always have attained, as with the re-
s.-Alies and ',reparations winch are tine to their star s,
and to the juridical reputation of their country. And con-
siderations equally cogent requite a more convenient orga-
nization of the subordinate Tribunals, ss hick may be accom-
plished without an objectionable iocrtastr of the number or
expence of the Judge.
The extent and variety of F.%ecutive hosimmq, riso accu-
mulating with the progress of one country, and its growing
population, Citit for an additional department, to be charged
with ditties now overburdening other departments, and with
suds as save not Imo aarivaed to an; departipeut.

JANUARY C.

The c -cc of espy: ienee rec.:mime:l tls, as another im-
provement in the Executive establishment, that the provision
tnr the station of Attorney General, whose residence at the
seat of Government; official connexions is 'As it, and manage-
ment of the public business In fore the Judiciary, preclude
an extensive participatimt in professienal emoluments, be
made more attenuate to his services and his relingnisliments;
and that, with a vievr to his reasonable acc.immottatien, unil to
a proper depository of his official opilt. s and proceeding.,
there be included in the provision the usual appurtenances
to a public office.
In directing the legislative attention to the slate of the
finances, it is subject of great gratification to find, that, even
within the short period which has elapsed since the return if
peace, the revenue has far exceeded all the current demands
upon the Treasury, and that, snider any probable diminution
of its (inure annual product, which the v irissitudes of cats.
meree may occasion, it will atioril an ample fund for the ef-
fectual and early extinguishment of the public debt. It has
beets estimated, that during the year Isl 6, the actual receipts
of 'even''e at the Treasury, including the balance at the
commencement of the year, and excluding the proceeds of
loans and Treasury notes, will amount to about the suet of
17 millions of dollars; that during the same year, the actual
payments at the Treasury, including the payment of the
lavenders Alf the Wpr Department, as well as the pay Ilieht of
a considerable excess, beyond the annual appropriation, will
amount to about the sum of :Pt millions of dollars; and that,
consequently, at the close of the year, there will be a sur-
plus in the Treasury of about the stun of nine millions of
dollars.

The operations of the Treasury continue to be obstructed
by difficulties arising from the condition of the national cur-
rency; hut they have, nevertheless, been effectual, to a
beneficial extent, in tile reduction of the public debt, anal
the establishment of the public credit. The floating debt of
Treasury note% and temporary loans, will soon be entirely
discharged. The aggregate of the funded debt, composed
of the debts incurred during the wars of 1716 and of ISI
has been estimated with reference to the Ist of January next,
at a sum not exceeding HO millions of dollars. 'the ordi.
nary annual expeuces of the Government, fin the mainte-
nance of all its institutions, civil, military, and naval, have
been estimated at a sum less than 20 millions of dolling. And
the permanent revenue, to ho derived from all the existing
sources, has been estimated at a stun of about 2S millions of
dollars.
l'pon this general view of the subject, it is obvious that
there is only wanting, to the fiscal prosperity of the Govern-
ment, the restoration of an uniforiu medium of exchange.
The resources and tlw filth of the nation, displayed in the
system which Congress has established, ensure respect and
confldenee both at home and abroad. The local nierrinitiht-
times of the revemie have already marbled the 'Treasury to
meet the public engagements in the local currency of most
of the States; and it is expected that the same cause will
produce the same effect throughout the Union. But, for the
interests of the com iiiii nity at large, as well as for the pnrpmes
of the Treasury, it is essential that the Halloo should possess
a currency of equal value, credit and use, wherever it may
circulate. The Constitntion has entrusted Congress ex-
clusively with the power of creating and re:Misting a
cm rency of that description; and the measures which were
taken during the last Session:in esectii ion of the power, give
every promise of success. The Illatik at' the United States
has been organized under auspices the most favourable, and
cannot fitil to bean important auxiliary to those measures.
For a more enlarged vie* of the public finances, with a
view of the 1114 amuses pursued by the Treasury Department,
previous to the resignation of the late Secretary, I transmit
an extract froin the last report of that officer. Congress 0-'.ll
perceive in it ample proofs of the solid foundation on which
the financial prosperity of the nat' rests; and will do jus-
tice to the distinguished ability and successfid exertions will
which the dillies of the depattment were executed during a
period remarkable fur its difficulties and peculiar per-
The period of my retiring from the public service being at
a little distance, I shall find no occasion more proper Ilan
tine present for ewe easing to my fellow-citizens my deep
sense of the continued confidence and kind support w hick I
Inc, e received from them. sly grateful recollection of these
distiNolislittl marks of their flivourable regard can never
cease; and with the consei iiii sness, that if I have not served
my country 0 ills greater ability, 1 have served it with a sin-
cere devotion, will accompany me as a source of unfailing
gratification.

Happily, I shall carry with me from the public theatre,
other sources, which those who love their country most will
best appreciate. I shall behold it blessed with tranquillity
and prosperity at home, and with peace and respect abroad.
I can indulge the proud reflection, that the American people
have 'cached in safety and success their fortieth year as an
independent station ;'and for nearly an entire Reiteration,
they have had experience of the present Constitution, the
oth.pring of their undisturbed deliberations, and of their free
choice; that they have found it to bear the trials of adverse
as whin as prosperous eirennistancesr to contain, in its conibi-
' nation of the federate and elective principles, a reconcile-
ment of public strength with individual liberty, of national
power for the defence of national rights, with a security
against wars of injustice, of ambition, or of vain glory, in the
fundamental provision which subjects all questions of war to
the will of the nation itself'. which' is to pay its costs and feel
its calamities. •Nor is it kt.s a peculiar felicity of this Con-
stitution so dear to its all, that it is footsid to be capable, with-
out losing its vital energies, of expanding itself over a spa-
cious territory, with the increase and expansion of the coin-
infinity for %shire benefit it was established.
And may I not he isfloweddo add to this gratifying spec-
tacle, and I shall lead in tin• character of the American peo-
ple, in taieir desotion to true liberty, and to the constitution
which is its palladi . Pure presages, that the destined carri.r
of my country will exhibit a government pursuing the pliblie
good as its sole object ; and regulating its 1111'411,, by the great
principles consecrated in its charter, and by those moral
principles to which they are so well allied: a government
which watches over the purity of elections, the freedom of
speech, and of the pi ess, the trial by jury, and the areal
in-
terdict against elle rmirlinteuts and compacts between religion
and the state, inahitains inviolably the maxims or pub.
tic faith, the security if persons and proper.), and elierair,,p,.s
in es. ry ant limited mode, that general diffusion of knowledge
which guarantees to public liberty its permanency, and to
those Mho possess the blessing, the true enjoyment of it ; a
government which avoids jut elision on the internal repose of
other nations, and repels them fifilli its own ; which does jus-
tice to all :tattoos with a readiness equal to die firmness with
which it requires justice from* them ; and ‘i hich, whilst it re-
lines its Minn see code fame every ingredient not congenial
with the precepts of au enlightened age, and the sentiments
eta virtuous people, seeks by appeals W re,at.:9o, and by its
