-SLAVES.

Sir S. Rostury gave notice of a Motion for Thursday
next, relative to the condition of the slaves in Dominica.
A Petition was rcecivcd•fromtlte tanners of Great Grimsby
against the Icather duties.
Mr.AV. Small presented a Petition iu favour of Sir It.
Peel's Bill, from Glossop, in Derbyshire, signed by about
800, above 16 years of age. • It stated, that all who had
signed it, or put down their marks, had_provieusly heard it
-read. Ordered to lie on the table.

• 111r..1CiLernmara relented two l'etitions of a similar
character fromaeufrew and Blackburn. Ortleratl-to lie on
the table.

• SLAVE TR AVE.

On the Motion of Mr. Rohm's, the House•went into a Com.
mittee oo•the Acts respecting the Slave Trade : after which
lie moved for leave to bring in itli to explain the said Acts.
Mr. WILBERFORCE said, lie did riot intend to oppose-the
bringing in of the -Bill. He thouglit;however, that it might
prove detrimental to the interests; both of this country, and
of the West Indies.

M. MARRYAT observed, shat S;nrinam had lands of such
fertility, as to facilitate the means of getting away the slaves
from our islands; but it was very unheeth::„ and the num-
bers of females were spsedily diminished. Number: of slaves,
however,. from the islands, were transferred to its pestiferous
marshes.

Leave met givea to-bring in a Bill to explain the Acts par-
ticularly concerning Venterara and Etwinain. 'Pic Bill was
braagtii up and read a.Cmt time.—Adjourned cite Monday.

AGRICULTURAL: REPORT FOR MARCH.

The continuance of wet and variable weather hatshad u*
fare arable effects on cold and wet•sei is, where the operations
of husbandry are in oensequenee backward, and the spring
' sowing • wtil be late. Bean sowing was for sonic time sus-
, pended, •it being impossible to work the land, and water
standing on those already pet in. A genial April may 'yet
recover the thin_planted and sickly wheats, end improve
them, as has often happened lute thebeavicst crops. Opposite
reports, fortunately, arc received from time,most forward and
best cultivated Corn distriott, where time Wheats have a pro•
mising appearance, and the spring culture liar, been forward ;
Beansrl'eas, Oats, and Barley, being, well :trove time ground.
Never amore plentiful Turnip and Potatoe season; the tine
quality at the latter has helped much to economise the stock
of Bread Corn. .The alarming progress of, the rot in sheep
has at least had one good effect—that of inducing perscus
nuacastomed to such excellent practice, to.draw their Turnips
from thetwater sodden soil, tied to feed their sheep upon a
dry layer. It may be relied on, that the periodical rot in
sheep under which the nation suffers, might he, with great
propriety and little exception, termed rriodical wane, et/ tare.
Lambing has becouio-geueral, with various success, from time
stated the weather.

THE SABBATIT T •OTAITRITE.—Mr. Rowland Nara, of
Parinetta, New South Wales, gives, in a letter to a friend ill
London, the following description of the strict observance of
the Christian Sabbath, at Otalieitc —" When my friend, Mr.
Conk, with his family, arri‘ed on the coast of Otaheite, in the
bi ig Active, they were much surprised that not a single na.
live could be seen all along the simmer the vessel sailed;
-nor could theysperceive any smoke arising from their-well.
ings. This excited in the mind of Mr. Cook and others a
painful suspicion that the bland had been subdued, and all
the inhabitants cut off in the wars. In to midst of tlis agi-
tation of -mind, one-ofthecailors, ao Otaheitan, who left Port
Jackson in the Active, observed, that the natives were keep-
ing the sabbath day—that of late they did no kind of work
`Ser cooked any kind of victuals—nor went out of their
lionises, except to worship God—and that the whole of the
day was employed either HT religious worship, or in teaching
one another to read. At length, the verAe! came to anchor
iii.Matavaie bay : hut eat a I'M tve maul~ his appearance until
Monday moraine, when great nimileer• repaired to the brig,
bringing with them their usual testimonies of hospitality's, of
butt and food °fall kinds, with other presents of cloth, dm.
lees beingbighly pleased and thankful. to God, thaute bad.
sent another teat her among them; and thus fully satisfying
all on board that they had been observing the Sabbath, as
before expressed.
A grand seiztwebas been made by P. Nizolle; searcher
at the Costomliotise, Southampton. Twentrlive• barrels,
which lied been consigned to the care of Messrs. Le Fetivre,
aid entered as containing hardware, were shipped on
board the Rose, Captain •Gruchy, for Jersey. •fin exainiiia-
, ruination, however, by the officer, eighteen of them were
I found to contain nOd swords, tit for cavalry, mid Re- other
sevenelocksand•screws is Ihe finest order. 'flieir value is
estimated at full 1,2001. half of **hie): goes to the officer It
is seppo-ed they were tlestirt,-1 fir St.., /I. A sawiLicp
,I.i ,le• I ..i.S1:41.11:411 (10 6g• :4 01 •) .t.:,•1.,ig Ns-grit/ink-
•-•
.

. • • .1

.0 •

APRIL 11.

RE! JEW OF LITERATURE.

)14crrations on' the Stale of Ireland, principally directed
to its Agricultural and. Rural Population ; in a Series
of Letters, nritten•on to Tour through that Country.
BY .1. C. CURWEN, Esq. M.P.—Two 'Vets. bvo.

Mr. Curwen proceeds from Donaghadee to Belfast,
thoLce to Derry and Limerick, viewing the Giant's
Causeway, and then to the beautiful Lakes of ICHlar.
ney. We find that it is impracticable to follow the
Author in this route, embracing, of course, so many
descriptions and local observations, which can only be
appreciated and understood by a general perusal of the
work ; and, at the same time, we apprehend, we shall
render Mr. C. more substantial service by merely quot-
ing those passages which are of a general nature, and
which prove the Author to entertain the mast liberal
and enlightened sentiments upon important sub-
jects of national concern, as the fairest specimen of the
qualifications he 'possesses to elucidate the .state 'of the
county: and people that he has visited,
_ _ _

. . .
In alluding to the different manner in which the
Sabbath is observed in the two countries,-Scotland and
Ireland, he oh:tames--
.. When we consider how great is that proportion of man-
kind, Who rise every day, with the exception of one in earls
week; to labour, hi order to live—to whom, resting from such
labour is partaking the greatest of luxuries—how must this
indulgebe &ay tof lest .be baited aped welcomed? How many
of these laborious individuals have no other opportunity of
even witnessing the presence of the glorious ssin_ofendeige
ing in the absorption ofhis genial rage--of inhaling the pure
revivifying air, by the 'wonted exercise of their limbs—of
reciprocating in thetteuder interremrstof childree—oferear
and dear relations and friends—of partieipatinc .it: the dis-
charge of those naurral claims on the heart, and the moiler
atereleasnres to ‘whieli their virtuous lives so fully retitle
them-eall of which can only. be permitted earl enjoyed by the
return of thie all-hallowed turd delightful day! 'After the
preserlbed duties of the sabbietls are religiously performed, I
cannot censure, much less interdict, the application of those
feve4nrs of exemption from perpetnaltoil, to the honest gra-
tification of feelings—the birthright et' a .feee people—se
commendable in their nature as they mere/to:thy of social
beings; when partaken with decency, temperance, and mo-
deration; especially by those whose hut, when compared with
that of their ruperiotA, i•eitimAtitls on this occasion peculiar
respect. On the other timid, I cannot approve of the gab-
bath's being made subservient to pleasure, capable ef hien
equally well pursued on every less exceptionable day in the
'week. I shook' do great injustice to my own appreciation of
this sacred slay, were I to close these aniniadversious without
expressing how much 1 Ice! the culpability of those imbed-
duals whc, in disregarding tile violation of it in themselves,
compel the irreverence and profanation. of it also in their de-
pendent:. By those who are the arbiters of their own titue-
-who labor:not to live, to wlvare the initulgeuce of rest becomes
slavery—the gratification of pleasure satiety, and with whom
every pursuits appals!—what excuse can be urged—what
plea sufficient to insure a verdict of not guilty?'
There is much truth and-real sense in these remarks,
-Without bigotry on the ens hand, ,er indifferent:: oisth.e
other; and we must agree with him in equally revro-
- bating the spirit of superstition, which would deprive
many of the Labouring clues of necessary enjoyment and
recreation, and the allowance of pleasures which have
a'strong tendency to abolish all rewllectMn of-the
origin and,proper antics of the Sabbath.
There is an interesting account (Vol. 1.1).232.) of
an Institution at Londonderry, called "The Charitable
Loan Society," the object of whichi is, to lend to the
poor small sums of money, not etemedittg Five. Pounds,
free of interest, to be repaid by weekly instalments of
sixpence in each pound, on the security of the persons
recommending the applicant. This plan has.been very
successful, and we think it admirably adapted fur any
.town or district that is .not too large ; it deserves to be
known,4 as there are many places in England where.it
might he practised with great benefit.
Mr. C. makes some sound obs-rvations on the best
means of employing the people. At prasent ac. riculture
forms the principal occupation of the great mass of the
population 'of Ireland, which increases so rapidly, that
there exists a great want of employ—teruling ei‘.* course
to produce mar.y evils, both. moral and. political. The
question then arises how theznisciiiefis to be p-evented
—.and whether the manufacturing system would effect
it. . Our Author says " Certainly not ;" and we are of
the same opinion. He allows that "if manufactories
-of cotton and woollen were judiciously estahlished in ap-
propriatc vlaces,- cmployinet.t might be _given to a
vast number of children and adults, but he adds ---
"Pleasing as the contemplation of su much political good
may be,yet, %elicit it is regarded by the cy eof the inoral.st.
it may, by; possibility, beseen in lessist tractive colours. Le.
questionably, marntreturee wouideiroduee profitable lainicr
—profitable adeee %smild create wealth—wealth artificial
Wallis; yet these iai,Jit geverate 'kiwis Weis, in the rle•
strectimi of ell tile tiiie febeit'es of life. 'l.lw -aerifireof
• dereaslie happen ss in 11:c e obit) 'nay be the pi ive of fine
clothes for children ; 'or, in other words, the multiplication
tof wala.., though justified by augmented rernings, is no seca..
ruby for the iminteirepliel celieneiriere of that 'laterite et
elVection whir b IWO, bent ens lilt. loi.st I Of the wet mud dour,
by a participation in the sr reirbeditere endured. The extan-
ed eoitier on the bog, mielieltered esed imposersred of cu",-
i
I torts when at home, partakes • niereerf the seileamillet ;blessings
IC!' Mall that, the wed protected; well sap pointed ill'U/411 ill file
?Cy with ti .! . ele his Lai ulnae. .-The termer is ter: remelted
from 011'4 41,Oititiel4, ediivie are eleitiely impeiselinte over the
. esdi •ir el - leiter : .seel %Oil A ...”., I •!: T.•••'t I: i• ...)41„11,8
:-•• -, ~s . 4 ••••.4. .- . 1.. .• .••• . ••.4!•-• f•tt ;!, •L,g
~ /L. i.. 4

...p1...V.. NM. •••••••

. • .6 e

1"..4 t eigt.siriWl6.o. ...•

APltit

Cid affitriag -dares., partaking the theories of any great town.
The ertertor of tke latter far surpasses that of the former—
hut how they contrast' in every' equality that constitute
individua!,,terthly happiness; and contributes to command
respect ?
" Chf this View of the subjtet, I cannot but lic4tate, after
what I have se. • , pronouncing fur an extnision of maim'
factories in Irelandt becauie I am most sincerely desirous
that its numerous peasantry should continue tweetain the full
possession of their preseift moral feelings, which Yam fearful
the change might destroy. And yet, I would' fillet hope, a
supply of constant ewpltlyinelit, and a consequent elevation
from their present ignctle state, when regarded us' human
beings like oursel‘ es, m. tt not on making the experiment
be fouesi incompatible. it' we reason like patriots, we must
decide politically : it as moralists, we must' not he surprised
should site doettines be lima at variance with each other."

For oar own parts, we .ways regret the accumulate-
tion of great numbers for manufacturing purposes—it
is sure to lead to the destructien. of morals, happiness,
.and health. Agriculture is an imne,*ltt and wholesome
occupation—it preserves many viv!ues which commerce
destroys—its children are cheerfO, because they have
reason to be so—while those whom ?eittmerec nurses in
a polluted atmosphere, and educates in prisons, are
warm, sickly, vicious and unhappy.
We have recently taken occasion to. express our dis-
approbation of large farms, and two rejoice to see that
cA- opinions arc corroborated by those of Mr. E'tt.rwen,
which we subjoin. .
" Our road continued for ten miles very mountainous to'
Abbey heal, where we breakfasted. Brent part of the pro-
perty through which we passed. recently appertained to Lord
Courtenay. It was lately sold in lots, which were principally
purchased by the tenantry. A division of landed property
world highly contribute to an extended cultivation and the
general prosperity of Ireland, •by the introduction of grada-
tions in society. which at present do not exist. • The distance
now between high and low--L the few and the many, is so
great as- to preclude the practices or habits of the one from
influencing or producing arty benefit to the other. The first
change likely to create emulation, and awaken the subordi-
nate classes to improvement, will he that of seeing those of
their own order daily acquiring an augmentation of comforts,
by the profitable re.oits of their own exertions. •
. .

" TO-the subdivi,iou of the landin (.real Britain, among
all ranks, may be referred that independence of character
in the people, and that general improvement aver the face of
the country, which excite the admiration of foreigners. This
distribution is not toss contributory to the support of the State,
than it is beneficial to the subject. The possession of pro-
perty, and particularly of this description, is ever accompa.
vied by an honest pride, which stimulates the owner to be
a fit successor to Brut station in society he- may hereafter fill
This happy disposition is amply rewarded by acquirements
in the rising veneration—by a tenacious regard to character,
and a cheerful submission to the laws, ensuring at the same
time individual happiness, and national prosperity."
We forbear to extract the description of the 'scenery
of Killarney, (,Vol. I. p. 394) because this, and the Gi-
ants Causeway have been so repeatedly described al-
re y.

This brings us to the close of the first volume—
where we. must pause tir the. present, proposing to
conclude our remarks upon the work next week.

(7'o be Continued in our neat)

!CON ANECDOTE.—Prince Antoine, the heir-apprarent of
the throne of Saxony, iii a person of extremely recluse
and monkish habits, frequently enjoining himself to the per-
formance of the most rigorous penances, and bestowing al-
most' his entire incomein-donationsi to the monasteries. The
King, his father, himself a strict dit;eiplinarian, has often re
nroustrated with hint on his excessive-bigotry, but without any
other effehythan,that of increasing it. In the year 1810, the
contester of this Prince persuaded him thut bit good works
would be ihtiontplete, unless he cons ated them by a pil-
grimage toJerusalem,bot,aware that the king would nevercon •
sent to the project, he instigated the Prince to propose to his
father to send him on some-minor doctrinal embassy to the
Court of Rome, from whence he might secretly undertake the
journey. The King rejected the proposed embassy, and sus-
pecting the real design;strictly forbade his son leaving Dres-
den on any pretence whatever. In this dilemma, the con-
fessor hit upon another expedient, and carefully computing
the number of paces between Dresden and Jerusalem, the
enthusiastic Prince actually performed the pilgrimage, with
unremitting zeal, in his apartments, under the close super-
intendence of the confessor and some other 11,011k3 of his
order.

By the letters from. China, slated rebraary 1817, from Rev.
W. Morrison and Bei. W. Milne, one "resident atCatiton and
the other at Java, it appears' 'that the Chinese are making
considerable progress in the receiving the precepts of Chris-
amity. The disttibution of copies of the New Testament
and of our Religious "Tracts, w hick havo been translated
Tutu their native langnage, have- been read %lilt great im-
pression amongst them. A Beading 'Society lias actually
been established at Batavia, by dl r. Supper, consisting of 60
persons, who are supplied with Tracts by Mr: Milne• from
Malacca; and flout these persons the circulation becomes
general, and by these means theselliticse may date their first
acquaintance with Christianity. Mr Supper has since died
in the discharge of his consciemisins labours- •

Accounts frotn St. Helena, by the Leveret sloop of war,
which left the island on the 27th of January, state that 8110.
napaitecontinites to persevere in that inert, secluded manner
eflising which he a lung time agu imposed npon himself, and
which has been attende•l by most evident bad ellects upon
Lis health. Mr. Ara, his surgeon, it is understood, has
warned him that the consequences may prove fatal, and that
Weedily, sinless lie take exercise in the open air. It is con-
jertitreil, that this pertinacious adherence to his first formed
resoluti 4444 is intended to inditce a relaxation in the orders
which restrict his loin_ abroad beyond certain limits, without
sit( ndanre by an Flnglish officer. Every article of life is ex-
travagantly dear; as an instance, it is //wed, that among the
dome►tic expenses incurred by Madame Bertrand, for her
Can family only, is 3601, per year fur washing linen.

Ihirt..—A meeting took place on Wing&ld Common, War
irdscir, on Tuesday last, between lacut. Hall and I. A. Bristow,
1..4. of Fan ne) -hall, on the Forest. Two shots were exchanged, and
bit. Bristow received a wound in the fleshy part of the pistol-arm.
bc baU did not lodge, and the sound is not dangcrous.

THE NATIONtAL REGISTEIC

ARCTIC EXPEDITIONS.

WOMDERFUL RIQUIMACX.—The Esquimatix, so much Cele.
brated for the astonishieg exploits which he performs with
his canoe, is a native of Davis's Straits, from which place he
was brenght to Leith about four years ago by a South Sea
Whaler, having been found in his canoe so far out at sea that
he had 'setireely a hope of being-able to regain the shore. lu
Scotland be was instrneted in tl.e Euglish language, after-
wards in the principles of the Christian religion, AIM then
havtized by. CM name of John Sackliouse. He ems- converse
with perket ease, and write his name very legibly. He is of
a copper colour, a good looking man, with an intelligent
couutenanee, abedt five feet six inches high, stout made, and
possesses great strength and agility. His canoe, which is his
chief appendage onboard the Isabella, is the same in which
he was found at sea ; it is Li feet long is made entirely of
seal skins' and is entirely water proof. It is erally pointed
at both ends like one of the small boats on the Dimes, com•
wanly called !Unities ; but the upper part is covered like the
deck of a small sailing boat. There is one opening in the
middle, into which he introdntes more than half the lower
part- of his body ; he then fastens the skins next to this open-
, mg round his body, by means of a belt made of a whale's
entrails, while the upper part of his body is so well covered
with a-jacket of skins, that only his hands and. face are ex-
posed to wee. Thus, with a paddle in his liand,lie can move
his canoe either backward or forward, with a velovity far.
exceeding that, of any four-oared cutter. BA- the most es-
t 'skiing part of his performance is, that by which he can
give his vehicle the properties of a life boat, and preserve
himself, like anal- fowl, amidst the most tempestuous wea-
ther. He throws himself down on one side, becomes entire-
ly immersed inthe water, while the cauoe. moving in the same
direction wide hint, is termed bottom upwards, and he comes
up again on the other side,- and completely rights himself.—
What makes this movement still more extraordivary is, that
all this time lie never loses hold of his paddle, He has al.
ready exhibited himself in tine manner three different times
in the river, before multitudes of spectators. The third ex-
hibition, was on Satarilay week,- iir the presence of Lord Mel-
ville and others. It is worthy of remark, that he never misses
any object at which he throws his dart. First of all lie casts
a long spear to a eonsislerable distance ; this remains buoy-
ant iu the waterovith a part of the handle above the surface;
lie then throws a dart at this handle,- anitsinall as the object
is, he always hits it.
Lord Castlereagh, Lord Yarmouth, the Bishop of Winches.
ter, the Bishop of Oxford, Mr. Croker, and several other
persons of distinction, came down to lieptford, and went on
board the Isabella, where they waited for a long time, in ex-
pectation of seeing this native of the Arctic regions commence
his operations ; but, (ring to a circumstance, which we are
Omni to mention, they experienced a sad disappointment.—
The Esquimaux having gone on shore, that morn asg, was sic_
coated by a man from London, who, after representing to him
the dangers oldie expedition lie was about to embark isi,and
the liberty lie possessed of disposing of his person, in what-
ever manner he chose, held out to bim (probably without any
authority) a promise of several thousand pounds, if he would
quit the ship, and exhibit himself at the Aquatic Theatre,
Sadler's Wells. His prideand hie prospectshaving experienced
this momentary elevation, while Isle brain was nearly intoxica-
ted by copious draughts of grog, he Caine on boast, the ship,
swaggered about the deck, boasted of his importance and his
promised wealth, and obstinately refused to exhibit himself
in his humble canoe. The officers, anxious to gratify their
distinguished visitors, made use of iutreaties, promises, and
even threats; bat all to no purpose. Lord Castlereagh and
others offered hitu a handsome sans, on condition that Inc
should continence his operations, but the offer was rejected.
The Noble visitors were, therefore, obliged to return to town
without having their curiosity satisfied. About ten thousand
spectators, who crowded the decks of the surrounding ves-
sels, experienced a similar disappointment.
The officers of the expedition now began to entertain
serioas apprehensions lest they should lose a person, from
whom they expected to derive many advantages. They,
hums-ever, used no compulsion or restraint, but left him to the
exercise of tin own judgment, after proper remonstrances;
and we are happy to say, that, the next morning, Mr. John
Ilaelliouse submitted quietly to all the regulations that had
been previously prescribed to hint, expressed great sorrow
for his obstinacy and disobedience, as well as his determina-
tion to continue with the expedition, on its outward and
homeward voyage ; and is now on board the Isabella, where
in consequence of an Admiralty order, no stranger is permit.
ted to conte near hien. Two artists, however, have been
allowed to come on board, and take his likeness.

VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, MAnca, 31.
WATERS Y. TAYLOR.

Mr. Roupell, at the sitting of the Court, moved that the excep.
tioas in this case, which were to be set down for argument before his
Honour on the tint day of heariug exceptions in the ensuing 'firm,
should not be set down in the paper until the second day.
,After a few observations.
The Viee Chancellor said—" Let it be understood that they wftl
peremptorily come on for argument on the second day of hearirig
exceptions in next Term."

The following phenomena observed here on Wednesday
the 4th ult. have not before been made public. At high water,
about :10 minntes Past foul o'clock in the afternoon, the wind
then blOwing from the south-west, with moderate weather,
the tide floWed at the Old Dock tidies 18 feet 6 inches.
After the tide had fallen fronit to2inches,the Duck Gates closed
as sismil with the ebbing of the tide, which then began again
to flow to the height, as near as can be calculated, of four or
live inches, thereby opening the gates again; and continued
flowing a sufficient time to allow one skip and several small
vessels to pass into the dock, before it again herrn to fall.
The tempestuous night of Wednesday ensued ; the wind blew
a heavy gale still from the S. W. and at high water, at five
o'clock on Thursday morning the tide flowed 11 fret 1 inch ;
being 4 feet S inches less than on the preceding evening ;
although front the spring tides having put in, tilt: water ought,
according to the usual state of things, to ha% e flowed higher
than on die liednesday evening. No particular remark was
made at the time at the Humber Dock Gates ; but from the
Tide table kept there, it :wears that the difference in the
flowing of the water, betweep the evening and morning tides,
was much the same as at the•Oldl)ockGates. As these arcum •
stances can scarcely be accounted for by the tempestuous
some of the weather, it is probable a great convulsion of na-
ture has taken place, in some distant place, of which we have
not leceived any account.—lftdi.
Several lions, tigers, and panthers, are about to be added to the
society, at Inc royal meragerie, at Paris. They arc already anivid
' at Havre and Marseilles. 'l•he garden of the menagerie is to be en-
larged in consequence of thi► increase of company.
