JANUARY 241

them ; as, cr. gralia, if the stock should be at 74, the
bill will be only worth 26 (exclusive of interest). The
stock is to be delivered on the payment of the instal-
ments, and is immediately marketable. As soon as the
loan shall be definitively concluded, one fifth of the con-
tingent of each of the allied Powers will be sent home.
Last night we received Dutch papers to the 16th in-
stant. Mr. Lamb, English Envoy at the Court of Ba-
varia, was expected at Fruntthrt on the 7th instant,
tin. the purpose of succeeding Lord Clancarty at the
German Diet, his Lordship being to resume his post as
Minister at the Court of the Netherlands. Tire weather
in Holland, and in most of the northern parts of Eu-
rope, continues unusually mild and moist for the sea-
son. At Brursels, in the buildings of an old convene,
1,200 people were daily fed with bread and Denis. An
article from Ghent of the Bth states, on the authority of
a private letter, that the embassy of Louis XVIII. to
the Court of the Brazils had totally failed iu its objects,
the chief of which was to obtain the restoration of that
part of Guiana which fell to the share of Portugal dur-
ing the late war. The standing army of Wirtember;
is to be diminished to the amount of 20,000 men. The
number of vessels which entered the port of Hatnburgh
in the course of last year amounted to 1,615 ; of these
702 were from England ; 84 from France, 3 from t!to
East Indies, 37 from the West Indies, .10 from North
America, 9 from South America, Sz:•. The number of
ships which passed th Sound during the same period
was 8,871; of these 1,818 were Briti 11: the Swelish
were next in point of numbers, the I:remit only 16,
the Americans 168.

The Dutch or Belgic Legit,lature will not renew the
question of exporting. corn by sea : no prohibition there-
thee need be expected at present : neither can the sub-
ject be resumed till the next assemblage of the States
General at the Hague in summer, which will of course
be too late to affect this country.

The King of Wirtemberg, acting on principles dif-
ferent from those which influenced his father, has agreed
to a new Constitution, which will be laid before the
Assembly of the States on the 17th of this month. He
has resolved on making great retrenchments in every
part of the public expenditure.

The South American contest continues with unabated
fervour, and seems at present, if we may believe their
own accounts, to wear an aspect highly favourable to
the insurgents or independents: at least, they now tir
the first time put forth regular bulletins.
The lint fleet, 1;w the East Indies and China for the
season, passed down Channel on Wednesday, consisting
of the General Harris, Bombay, Charles Grant, Inglis,
Vtuisittart, and Lowther C.lstle, fin- Bombay and China,
The election of Mr. Monroe as President, and of Mr.
Tompkins as Vice-President, of the United States, ap-
pears cermin.

The State cream-coloured Horses are exercisol daily,.
previous to the l!cgent going in state to opal the session
of P:u•liament.

Ministers, it seems, expect an immediate oFposition
to their proceedings, and have therefore seat a circular
letter to those whom they suppose their frictb, request-
big their prompt attendance. The letter itself, which
we here subjoin, will best explain their views:and the.
claims which they make upon their adherents:—

Don iting•street, Jan. I t, 1817.
SIR—As it appeirs to be quite cut tain that an :Amendment
to be me ved la the Address. and that a division will take
place, 1 think it right to give you the information, and at the
same time to beg the fit wir of you' very earnestly, to attend
in the House on the hrt day uf the Session.
I should not have trouhied you °pop this occasion if any
doubt had remain( d in respect to the intention of the Oppo-
sition.

I have the honour to he, Sir, yours faithfully,
(Sign( d) C. AItBOTIINOT.

It is rumoured, that Ministers have determined to
raise a loan of Fifty NliMons, to be styled the Patriotic
Loan thr the Relict' of the Country. They propose to
have it open to the public, similar to the Loyalty Loan
in 1797. The subscribers to have an equal quantity of.
Reduced and Consols at 57. Twenty millions of this
sum to go in aid of the yearly supplies, and thirty mil-
lions to be appropriated to the support. of agriculture
and manutiictures. The interest to be taken from the
Sinking Fund.
By official Documents received from Ceylon, we hear
with extreme pleasure that the respectable planters of
that island, Dutch and others, have adopted at the sug-
gestion of the Chief Justice, Sir Alex. Johnson, some
judicious regulations for the gradual alxdition of slavery.
The state, that it is their earnest desire to disencumber
themselves of the unnatural character of being pro-
prietors of human beings ; but add, that circumstances
• will not permit a sudden and total abolition of slavery
without subjecting both the proprietors and the slaves
themselves to material and serious injury. Hence the
plan that they have adopted ,a, that all shildren born of
slaves after 12th of August last shall be considered free,
but shall remain in their master's house, and serve him
iin• their board, lodging and cloathing, the males till
the age of 14, amt the females till that of 12, after which
they shah be wholly emancipate& ; and in order to pre-
vent any fraud to the prejudice of these free-born chil-
dren a register of births and deaths shall b kept in
vcrr diqrtet, and quarterly returns shall be mak or.
to tiw

JANUARY 211

BRIGHTON, Jan. 19—In the aftcrtmen of yesterday
n Privy Council assembled, which was attended by the
Dukes of York and Clarence, the Cabinet Ministers,
the Lord Steward, the Lord Chaisberlain, Mr. Arbuth-
not, Lord St. Helens, and tl:e Attorney-General. The
state of the silver currency, and the final arrangement
of the topics of the speech to the Legislature, are sup-
posed to be the principal business for the assembling of
the Council.

Hastenew Cm7o.—At 12 o'clock on Saturday a
meeting of several of the members composing the I lamp-
den Club was held at the Freemar4ms"favern, Great
Queen-street, for the purpose sf taking into considera-
tion the form of a bill on the sulfret of Parliamentary
Reform, to be submitted in February next, for the ap-
probation of a general meeting; in the event of its re-
ceiving which, it will be presented to Psrliament forth-
with by Sir F. Burdett. The draft of tt;,, Bill, which
has been prepared, embraces the whole of Ne popular
topics connected with the question of reform in qie must
detailed arrangement. This meeting being mei.ly of
preliminary nature, and for the purpose of prepar.ig
the bill, was open only to the Members of the Club.
Mr. Barre Beresford has been appointed to the office
of Deputy Vice-Treasurer of Ireland.
It is at. length determined that all the British officers
serving with the Portuguese army shall be placed on
the half-pay of Great Britain from Christmas lust.
_ _

The King of Franc:: has granted un annual pension
of 2,100 francs to the widow of the celebrated Poet Do-
nne, whom French writers entitle the Virgil of
Frince.

We have great satisfaction in stating, that consider-
ahic for goods have been received at Manches-
ter, from Spain and Portugal, for the supply of their
colonies ; and that many orders fin. cotton goods have
been given in consequence of the corn trade. The cotton
trade. has consequently taken a very litvourable turn,
and the manufacturers and others employed therein are
in high spirits, and there is abundant evidence that the
prospect is brightening, —Courier.
In the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, there have
been issued three thousand six hundred warrants of dis-
tress against inhabitant householders, for defitult of the
last quarter's poor rate!

Requisitions have been signed fix meetings of the
Livery of London and the Common Council, " fix the
purpose of petitioning ibr a reduction of the present
enormous and unconstitutional military establishment.
an abolition of all sinecure places and unmerited pen-
sions, retrenchment and economy in the public expen-
diture, and a constitutional reformation in the repre-
sentation of the people in Parliament.

It appears by the returns male at the London Hor-
pital fimr one week, that there are now no less than
seven children in there who have been burnt by their
clothes catching fire.
A wedding, brought about by circumstances of a
novel nature, took place n ithin these few da'•s, at St.
Andrew's Church, Holborn. A young woman, named
Mary Sterry, was tried, on a recent occasion, at the Old
Bailey Sessions, with her mother; the former for rub-
bing her master, a trade: mum in Cornhill ; and the lat-
ter for receiving the goods stolen. During► the trial, a
young man of the name of Mills, who had casually got
into the gallery of the Court, suddenly became ena-
moured of the fair young prisoner ; and, after her con-
viction,
he made interest to get to see her on her being
taken out of Court : he then expressed his sincere at-
tachment towards her, and proffered every assistance in
his power to small her confinement. Ile visited her
daily, found her necessaries of every kind in abundance,
employed great exertions in getting it represented that
she had become a convert, and also petitioned the
Secretary of State, promising to marry her, should the
royal clemency be extended towards her.—The be-
haviour of the prisoner was testified to be geod ; Dad
last week she received a pardon, on condition that Mills
man•ied her immediately. The next nunming the
happy pair accompanied Mr. Crosby, Chaplain to the
Refuge for the Destitute, to St. Andrew's Church, Hol-
born, where they were married, and Mr. C. paid all ex-
pences.
King Christophe of Hayti was formerly the slave of a
widow in the island of St. Thomas, where she still lives.
lle lately wrote a letter, in which he requested her to
go to him, that he may testify all his gratitude to her,
timr the humane and generous treatment he experienc-
ed from her in his condition of slavery. This demand
not having been accepted, he again requested the wi-
dow to send him at least her son, that he might through
him repay his debt of gratitude.
Christophe has fallen under the displeasure of the
American Government ; preparations are making in
America to send out a frigate to demand of him the
payment of about 500,000 dollars, the estimated amount
of his sixdiations upon their commerce.
ROBUERY AT ST. PAUL'S CATIIEDRAL.—On Wed-
nesday morning, during the time of the thick fog, the
choir of St Paul's Cathedral was robbed in a very dar-
ing manner of three large church prayer-books, at the
time the regular morning service was proceeding, about
ten o'clock. It was so extremely dark that the Clergy-
man was obliged to have a light, and hold it close to
time boot, end the darkness enabled some person to take
away the books unobserved.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

The .Tamaica Papers to the 30th November inclusive
contain the proceedings of the House of Assembly to
that. date. After much debate, and divisions on every
clause and in every stage, a Bill fur a more particular
Return of Slaves was passed by a majority of 11. A
smart shock of an earthquake was telt on the "Ist of
November. . _

13y accounts from Barbadots to the sth Nov. inclusive
we arc informed, that after the lamented death of Sir
James Leith, the Hon. John Spooner was sworn in as
President and Commander in Chief of the island.
A Gentleman who dined with Sir Gregor M'Gregor
at St. Thomas's on the 29th of November, states, that
his reason fix quitting the cause of independence, was a
quarrel with one of the patriot Leaders. We are happy
to add, that this gallant Officer, far from being dis-
heartened at any occurrences in Venezuela, then pro-
nounced the cause to be in a most triumphant state,
and that he will shortly rejoin his lran..ers to complete
the work in which he had taken so distinguished a part.
The Bev of Tunis has been induced, by the events
which took place at Algiers, to restore all the Christian
slaves within his Regency, C.:pt. Forest's reception by
kite Pope at Rome, after landing those helonging to the
Ronan territories ,75 in number), was particularly
markta and flattering. His Holiness presented hini with
an elegant Mosaic box, set in geld and ounces; which
latter prestm was likewise made to all his Ofliers. An
hotel had been specially fitted :or them, previous to their
arrival. Captain Forest and Ilia officers while at Algiers
experienced every attention ; the fbrtifications are all
repaired, and the guns arc remounted. The I)ey's Of-
ficers confessed, that nearly all the guns of the upper
tiers were dismounted, and many of the casement ones
dismantled.

The Bank of England have extended the time from
the Ist of February next until the IA of May fl R. receiv-
ing Bank dollar tokens at the rate of ss. 61. each.
We understand, from very good authority, that it is
the determination of Lord Grenville, immediately after
the assembling of Parliament, to throw up the large
sinecure %Oriel' his Lordship now holds.
Earl Whitworth is expected in town next week, from
Ireland. His Lordship has taken a house in Grosvenor-
square.
The Right Hon. Sir George F. Hill has been ap-
pointed Vice-Treasurer of Ireland. The patent has pas-
sed the Great Seal.

. _
The Freeman's Journal asserts, that the Trinity Cul-
lege Board, Dublin, have recently come to a resolution
of expunging Lock's famous Treatise on Government
from the College course ! !
A few days since Mr. Bullock was proceeding from
Liverpool to Ireland with the carriage of the ex-Em-
peror of France, for exhibition at Dublin, when the
whole was detained by the officers of the Customs at
Liverpool, and a very high duty was demanded, as the
whole was deemed to be foreign manufacture. Mr.
Bullock applied to the Lords of the Treasury, who
taking into consideration that the object was to gratify
the curiosity of the Irish, who had as much right to
such gratifications as the English themselves, sent an
order on Thursday to the Comn.issioners of the Customs
in London fbr them to direct the Custom-house in Liver-
pool and Dublin to let the whole of Mr. Bulock's ex-
hil=iti:m pass free.
THE RIOTE.—The Grand Jury found true bills for
the capital offence against Hooper, Cashman, Gunnell,
and Simmons. The moment it was understood that
Hooper was amongst those who are to be tried upon the
capital charge, Cartwright, the marshalman, was scut
to apprehend him. Hooper was foand playing at put
with Mr. Harrison, one of his bail, and immediately
conducted to Newgate.
The Grand Jury were occupied a length of time in
examining the witnesses in the case of Preston. They
found a true bill against him for the misdemeanour.
The Grand Jury have found a true bill against James
Watson, jun. fin. shooting at Mr. Platt, with intent to
kill. To this indictment, if he will not appear, it is said
immediate proceedings will he instituted against him as
an outlaw.

The alterations in the Old Bailey Court, as proposed
by the Lord Mayor at the close of the last Sessions,
were completed on Wednesday evening. The entrance
to the Students' box, which was close to the Jury, is
now from a new door, immediately on entering the
Court ; and the Summoning Officer's box, contiguous
to that of the Jury, is taken away, so that an open
space is here formed. The Grand Jury box, contigu-
ous to that of the Students', which at all times caused
so much annoyance, has also its cntrancv from the gal-
lery. The open space between the hack of the bail-
dock and the first door on the right after entering the
avenues of the Court by the eastern steps, is fitted with
benches for prosecutors and witnesses, who will enter
at that door instead of the first at the top of the western
steps. The Court is to be open, and no fees are to be
taken.

The Lords of the Admiralty have rent a Naval
Officer (Licut Justice) to report on the state of the sea-
men in the Helder, for the purpose of selecting; such
British seamenrs were fit for employ. This Officer has
accordingly name his inspection laud report, and all
found fit have been ordered to be scat to Sir C. RowLy,
at Sheerness. •
