FromSATURDAY'SLONDON GAZETTE,May 4.

[This Gazette cOatains an official Account of the Royal Nuptials;
of which, however, a much more particular statement has been given
by us in our preceding pages. It also announces, officially, the death
of the Empress of Austrtaon the 7th ult. The Addresses to the Prince
Itegent on the Peace, from the Universities of t lxforcl and Cambridge,
with his hoyal Highness's Answers, are also contained in this Gazette ;
which likewise announces the Promotion of the Prince of Cohourg to be
a General in the Army.
Crown-047er. May 4.
MEMBER returned to serve in this present PitattAstENT.
County of Carlow—Rohert I,a 'Touche. of Rally Willianiro, in the
teousty of Carlow, in the room of David I,a 'Tuuehe, Esq. deceased.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
J. Osbahleston, Milk-street, Cheapside. Nlanchester-warehouseman.

BANK ItUIrTS.
J. P. AUTLT.II, Bilstone, Staffordshire, grocer, June 6,7, 15. at the
Jerniugham Arnis, Shillnall. Atts. Price and Co. Lincoln's-inn.
J. lino w st, Httdborou h, Gloucestershire, W. C. 11 now Stonchouse,
Gloucestershire, and J. Stotts Downfield,(aoucestershire, clothiers,
May is, 16, June 15, at the Golden-Cross, Cairnscros.s. Atts.
izard and Co. Lincoln's-itin-Fields.
G. TREWILER, Fashion street, Spitacids. silk-printer, May 11, Is,
June 13, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Eyles. Castle-street. iloutulmtiteh.
J. STORES. Epping, victualler, May 11, 14, June 15, at Guildhall.
Att. Mr. Jones, Size-lane, Bucklersbury.
C. MARTIN, Aberllunvey, Brecon, innkeeper. May 11, IS, June 15,
at Guildhall. Au. Mr. Watson, Clittinal's-inn.
B. BccitEvr, Westbury-under-the-Plain, Wilts, innholder, May 17.
IS, June 15, at the Bush Tavern, Bristol. Atts. Sir S. Wbitcombe
and Co. Serjeant's-inn.
R. WARDLE, King's-road, Pimlico, builder, May 7, 21, June 15, at
Guildhall. Au. Mr. Willshen, Salisbury-street, Strand.
J. BLit'', Kingston-upon-Hull. corn-factor, May to, 14, June IS, at
the White Hart, Kingston-upon-Hull. Att. Mr. Hicks, bray's-

inn-square.
T. WELLS, Gedney.Dike, Lincolnshire, miller. June 15, 14, 15, at
the Angel, Boston. Atts. Loiinston and Co. Temple.
W. GIL Lmox. Nianchestcr, cotton-spinner, May 17, is, Jain 15, at
the Bridgewater Arms. A us. Ihiekworth and Co. Manchester.
W. WOJAAt.L. Liverpool, merchant, May 27, 28, June 15, at the
George, Liveri.ool. Atts. Blackstock and Co. Temple.
E. CRAVEN and J. lIAGGA9, Bingley. York, cotton-spinners, June 6,
7. 15, at the Devonshire Arms, Kighiry. Atts. Willis and Co.
Warnford-court, l'hrogitiorton-street.
R. WEAK LEY, Plymoutv-Dock, tavern-keeper. May '27. June
15,
at Weskley's Hotel, Plym.-do. Au. Mr. Mikinson, Middle-temple.
J. BEALE. Newport, Monmouthshire. innkeeper, May 28,19, June 15,
at the Hummer Tavern, BristoL Atts. I'rice and Co. Old Buildings,

P. Mac Ca mi.tx, Liverpool, merchant, May 13, 14. :lune 15, at the
Star and Garter, Liverpool. Atts. Avison and Co. Liverpool.
J. BA 11 itEit, Liverpool, merchant, May 1;.18. June 15, at the King's
Arms. Liverpool. Atts. Adlington and Co. Bedford-row.
J. FAWCIT T, Wakefield. carpenter, May 51. June 1, 15, at the Ses-
sions House, Wakefield. Au. Mr. Lake. Dowgate-hill.
W. Scovr, Pall-Mall, taylor, May 7, 14, June 15, at Guildhall. Atts.

Ross and Co. New Roswell-court.'
W. ALLEN, South Milford, York. corn-dealer, May 15, 16, June 15,
at the Star, Pontefract. Att. Nlr. Maxon, Clement's-inn.
TOZER, Alderman's-walk, Bishopsgate-street, and W. C. BROWN,
Stone-House, Gloucestershire. merchants, May 14, 18, June 15, at
Guildhall Atts. Hurd and Co. Temple.
J. TUCK Ea. Sittinghnurne, Kent, merchant, May 11. 18, June 19, at
Guildhall. Att. Mr. Earnshaw. Red Cros,-street, Cripplvgate.
J. CUTIII2SII, Aylestbrd, Kent, barge-builder, and W ardour-street,
Soho, oilman, May 17, 18, J une 15, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Murray,
Sun-court, Cornhill
J. L. BOOEN, Shooter's-hill, Kent, merchant, May 7, 18, June 15,
at Guildhall. Atts. Holt and Co. 'flireadneetlle-street.
Gourow, Newgate-street, straw.hat-inanufacturer, May 14, 21,
June 15, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Phipps, Weaver's-hall.
J. CEA w LEY. Crimsent-street, Bermondsey, skin-salesman, May 11,
18, June 15, at Guildhall Att. Mr. Humphreys, Tokcnhuuse-yard.
DIVIDENDS.
May 25, J. P. Grcaves and Co. King's Arms-yard, Coleman-street,
merchants, at Guildhall.
May 25, J. Dunkin, Red Cross-street, wine-merchant, at Guildhall.
May 25, D. C. Marsh and Co. Reading, bankers, at Guildhall.
May es, W. Hardy and 11.. Gardiner, Cheapside, merchants, at
Ma IS, J. H. Heaven, Brooke's-place, Kennington, flour-factor, at
y
May 25, J. Sun., High Holborn, haberdasher, at ;uildhall.
June 8, B. Stokes, and H. Hunt, South-street, F bury-square, mer-
chants, at Guihdhall.
Nay 28, W. Ford, Ktekiton, Somenet...maltster, at Guildhall.
May 29, J. Grey. Newcastle-upon-Tyne, linen-draper, at Guildhall
May 25, W. Gullies, T. Begbie, and T. Mackenzie, Billiter-lane, mon-
fartors, at Guildhall.
May 13,'1. De/ Campo, Tokenhouse-yard, merchant, at Guildhall.
May 25, J. Aslubey, Boxstead, Hertfurd, fanner, at Guildhall.
May I I, J. P. Nunney, Clare-street, victualler. at Guildhall.
May VS, P. Crockat and A. Platt, Liverpool, merchants, at the King's
Arms, Idverpool.
Maly 45, W. Preston, Leeds, merchant, at Mrs. Greaves, the Hotel, Leeds.
June 7, J. Harwood, Gloucester, grocer, at the Bush-Tavern, Bristol.
CERTIFICATES, May 25.-W. Laws, Ellingham, Norfolk, horse-
dealer-W. Williams, Hereford, baker-T. H. Alcock, Newport,
saraer-A. Stephenson, Boston, linen-draper-D. Edmunds, Madeley,
Salop, printer-1 Belcher, Lamb's-Conduit-start, merchant-J. IL
Gianclh, Co.k-lanc„ Smithfield, plaster of paris manufacturer-G.
Plumley,- St. Mary-le-Port, Bristol, furrier-J. Macmiehad and Co.
Bridgenorth, Salop, carpet-manufacturers-H. Lowe, Macclesfield,
hat-manufacturer-W. Higgs, Leman-start, Goodman's-Fields-IL
T. Ford, CMS, Somerset, innkeeper-IL Morgan, Basica, Stafford,
japanner-G. Huailton, Wormwood-street, merchant.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
D. and B. Smith, Bilston, Staffind, nail-factors.
J. Aahhurst, and W. Clarke, Liverpool, grocers.
T. 0. Antierdon, R. Blois. and .1. Bent, Copthall-court.
t"..1. and J. Gledhill. Halifax, York. worsts-srinners.
S. Elliott and A. Palmer, Clare, Suflidk,
J. F. Hanntede and T. Williams. Pinch-lane, ship-agents.
4;. Strickland and W. G. Walni-sley, Liverpool. menhants.
H. Knight and Co. Kingston-upon-Thum, m, hankers.
111. A. Doinge and
J. Jones, Barnstaple, Devon, milliners.
T. Macaulay and Houghton, Liverpool.
J. and 11. Gamble, and J. Simmons, Fish-street-hill, shoemakers.
W. J. and C. Sharp, and J. Burns. Paisley.
W. Steevens and T.Roterta, St. Philip and Jacob, Gloucester, tobacco-
pipe.manulacturers:
T. y and W. Phillips, Dudley, Worcester. carriers.
.1. H. Hawkey and W. Darks, St. Colurub, Cornwall, linen-drapers.
W. Patty and Co. Three King-court, Loinbard-street, perfumers.
W. Manning and Co. London, merchants.
J. Winter and J. Hunt, Bristol, brush-makers.
J. Burn and Co. Plymouth. Devon, merchants.
J. Robson and T. Keppel, Princes-street, Ilanover-square, taylons.
T. C. -and E. and .1. Gale, city-rood, oil and colourmen.
Davis and Ca. Piazza, Covent-Garden, Cotlec-house.kecpers.

It is said, that an embassy will soon set out from
Stockholm, to solicit the hand of a Princess at a great
German Court, for Oscar, the son of the Crown Prince
(if Sweden. The article which contains this intelligence,
toe; thovgl4 yigutl7. '9f titt death of the King of

TIM NATIONAL REGISTER.

PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS

rate TILE ENsViNo
Thcatre ktyal, Trurq:2,lll..
Monday—A New Way to Pay Old Dcbts—ThreeWeeks after Mar-
riage--Count of Anjou.
Tuesday—Hamlet (Hamlet Mr. Kean), with Mcid and Magpie.
%Vedneaday—The Rivals, with the Woodman's Ilut.
Thursday—First time, a new tragedy, called Derwin, Or The Castle
of ht. Aldobraml, with The Review.
----
Ibtatre jity,tl, qcventAarbeit.
Monday, Caller—Brutus. Mr. limbic; after which, first
time, Rot al Nuptials, and Who Wants a Wife?
Tuesdity, The Jealous Wife—Mrs. Oakley, Miss O'Nicll.
Wednesday, Guy Nlannering.
Thursday. The Stranger—The Stranger, Mr. liemble.
Friday, Mr. Bibby will make his ie..)oncl appearance in Shylock,
and Sir Arehy Maesareabrn.

Cr The/it:red/Ide Peal:of Il Die. otoAntonin, the Venetian VoDirtier.
continuing to excite general and reiterated shouts of approbation, as
well as the admiration of crowskil audiences, they will, with the
other Nouvelle Entertainments, be repeated every Evening till
further notice.

ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, (ASTLEY'S) WEST-
MINSTER BRIDGE, (under the patronage of their Royal High-
nesses the Prince Regent and Duke of York.) TO-MORROW, MON.
DAY, 6th May, and during the week, (by permis,ion of the Pmprie.
tors of the Theatre Royal Covent Garden), the Equestrian Barletta
Spectacle, called the SECRET MINE, assisted by the ('sited Stud of
Horses. HORSEMANSHIP by Mr. W. I hivis jun. Clown's Act, by
Mr. Brown. Gymnastic Exercises by a Venetian (his 19th appearance,
who is engaged for 13 nights only), and who, by his uncommon Tour-
bilLons, Ac. in the air, has been denominated on the continent " Il
Diavolo Antonio!" A Comic Song called, "Quite Politely," by Mr.
Sloman, his first appearance at this Theatre; To conclude with an
entirely new Harlcquinatle, called RIQUET WITH TIIE TUFT,
or Dewdrop and Rosebud. Second Price at Half-past Eight. Places
taken for the boxes at the Theatre, of Mr. Kin:ix:lh from ten till four.
Equestrian Tuition as usual. For particulars enquire of Mr. W.
Davis jun.
Edblenv 0,14.
ROYAL. WEDDING.

MONDAY, May 6th, 1 816,and following E veningg—
A Dance, called COLIN and BALLET; a new Song called '• The
Royal Wedding," to be sung by Mr. H. Weston, his first appear-
ance at this Theatre. A new Musical Extravaganza, called The
BOARDING SCHOOL. MISS; the unparalleled Performances on
the TIGHT ROPE of the INFANT PRODIGY, who concludes his
unequalled Dancing by running up and down a Roiw, from the
Stage to the Gallery, surrounded by Fireworks; Clown to the
Rope, Signor Paulo.—To conclude with a New Pantomime, called
LONDON and PARIS; in which, Mr. Grimaldi, having recovered
from his severe indisposition, will resume thz. part of Clown.

C..k The press of temporary matter has precluded the article which we
had prepared as a SU NDAI AMUSEMENT.
•
'.• J. W. I'. is under consideration.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON :
SUNDAY, MAY 5.

We have received the Paris Papers of Wednesday last,
from which the following are a few extracts:—
" PARIS, SIAN I.—The King, having visited St. Cloud yes-
terday, returned by the way of Malmaison, where there were
relays for his carriage. The gardens of the chateau pre-
sented his Majesty with Some very rare exotic flowers. l'he
King graciously accepted them, and made the gardens r a
p resent.
" The balloon in which Mademoiselle Elysa Garnerin
ascended fell at the village of Jarcy, six leaf:nes from Paris,
about seven in the evening. Mademoiselle Gal nerin, after
rising to the height of 2,500 toises, descended with her para-
chute at gracile. The woman experienced all the effects
which so great a height genet ally produces; as cold; an op-
pression of the breast very difficult to support; a feebleness of
articulation which reduced the voice to a slight whisper; and
finally, the swelling and rupture of sonic of the vessels of the
tuouth.
" A letter from Vienna, speaking of the arrangements made
with Bavaria, says, " Politicians observe with pleasure, that
there is now no point of contact between Austria and France ;
circumstance which gives reason to hope that these two powers
will remain lung at peace.
" Williams, the famous English deserter, who for years had
found refuge with the Stem Barbazun, in the Isle Jourdain, has,
according to accounts from Audi, at length been arrested. The
prodigious strength and violent character of this man had ren-
dered him the terror of all the peasants and servants ill the can-
ton. M. Barharan was the only person who could controtil
I him. His terrible strength was particularly displayed uhen
he was intoxicated. Nothing could resist his efforts. He then
twisted bars of iron as if they were twigs ; with a blow of his
fist he broke through partitions; and with no other help than
his tingr N tore out the largest nails. In one of his fits, he one
day took up a servant by the middle of the body, ran with him
to the distance of 50 paces, and threw hint over a wall 20 fret
high, en the other side of which a small river flowed. Happily
some trees broke the fall of the nett Lyens, who got off with no
other harm than a great fright. The Prefect has, on the appli-
cation of the Mayor, ordered hint to be conducted fro brigade
to brigade, until he be lodged in I onion.
" French Funds—Sper Cents., 57 2-10ths; Bank Actions, 1060."
The King has prorogued the Session of the two Cham-
bers to the Ist of Oct. Previous to the reading of the
Royal Ordinance for this purpose in the Chamber of De-
puties, the King's rejection of an article, introduced by
the Chamber into the project of the law upon Ecclesias-
tical Pensions, was officially announced in a letter from
the Secretary of State, Count Vaubhsnc.
Private letters state, that not only Minn, but several
other Spanish Patriots, have been arrested at Paris at the
request of the Spanish Court.
A Mail from Holland has brought an account of the
opening of the Session of the Second Chamber of the
States General on the 30th ult. but we have not roman
for particulars.
There was a great fire in Constantinople about the lat-
ter end of February, in which the Grand Vizier and the
Captain Paella nearly perished. They got upon the top
of a house to direct measures for extinguishing the flames,
and the roof of the house fell in, with them; but they
escaped with their lives.

MAT 5.

By Papers from Brussels we learn, that the Duke of
Wellington was there on the 29th ult. when he visited
the military hospital, where are still some English, Ha-
noverian, and Prussian soldiers, relics of the battle of
Waterloo, who were cheered by this kind attention of their
Commander.

The Ga.:clic of Aram, April 80, has the following ar.
tide:—" Letters from Rome say, that the Ambassador
of the King of the Netherlands has received a very un-
satisfactory answer to the complaints which he had made
to the Pope concerning the behaviour of the Belgian
Bishops. The Pope declared, that the toleration of seve-
ral religions is contrary to the principles of the Catholic
Church.

The German Papers contain a curious article respect-
ing Finland, inserted, no doubt, at the request of some
Russian agent, in which the improvement the province
has undergone since its annexation to Russia, is painted
in very glowing colours. The inhabitants are represent-
ed as not only contented with their present condition,
but unwilling, were the choice given to them, to revert
to their former relations with Sweden. The taxes
levied on the inhabitants are consumed in the province,
and applied to the construction of canals, roads, and
strengthening the fortresws, particularly that of Swea-
borg, which, notwithstanding its great strength, is to
receive many additional works. The article then con-
cludes with a wish that the Poles may see, in the im-
proved and contented situation of Finland, a picture of
the advantages which they will derive front being subject
to the Russian sceptre.
An article front Frankfort contains information to
interest our commercial Readers. The English white
goods continue to be in great demand, in consequence, it
is said, of their superior goodness and cheapness; but the
Swiss printed cottons are stated to be more sought after
than the British, on account "rf the newer taste qf the
patterns." Even Saxon goods of this description are
said to excel ours.

A Letter from an Officer in LordExnumth's fleet, dated
the f2tith ult. states, that it was intended the fleet shoull
not leave the station until the Porte had acknowledgedour
sovereignty over the lonian Islands; but this, and some
other negotiations that were on the tapis, it was expected
would not detain the ships longer than the first week in
April. The following letter elucidates the contents of the
above :

"GENOA, APRIL 13.—" On the 111 h, inst. we sent a few
hasty lines to acquaint yon of the arrival in this port of H. M. S.
Calypso, Capt. Sisson, from Algiers, with Al Genoese and Sar-
dinian subjects, ransomed from slavery by Lord Exmouth. It
seems, that his Lordship demanded of the Dey the delivery of
the above slaves, who were granted to his Lordship on his propo-
sal to pay 500 hard dollars for each sl•tve ; but a subsequent
Treaty of Peace was concluded on the Ath instant, bctwcen Ala
Sardinian Majesty and the Dey of Algiers, through the media-
tion of Lord Exmouth, in which it is agreed that no tribute i♦ to
be paid; and that the subjects of his Sardinian Majesty are to en-
joy the same privileges as the British and French in that Re-
gency. His Lordship intended to sail on the 6th for Tunis and
afterwaids for Tripoli, in all probability for the same object. •
It is reported, that all the subjects of the Seven Islands that
were in slavery at Algiers were delivered up witkout ransom,
being under the British protection."

The following is a copy of a letter addressed to S.
Thornton, Esq. Governor of the Russia Company, dated
St. Petcrsburgh, March 21, (April 2) :

" In reference to the letter I had the honour to write to nn
the 11th (26th 't of March, 1 beg to mention, fur the information
of the Court of Assistants of the ltn.sian Company, that the
Tariff is not yet published. I must also request of you the fa-
vour to correct that part of the said letter sahich stated, that
ale was to he permitted to be imported.-1 am now assured
that all malt liquors continue prohibited, except English por-
ter. Rum is also prohibited to the Ist of January, 1819. Fine
broad cloth is to be permitted, except black ; coarse and corn_
mon cloth continue prohibited. 1 consider it my duty to trans-
mit, from time to time, such reports on thk interesting topic
as appear to be worthy of credit.-1 cannot, however, too
strongly urge the danger of acting upon them ; both on account
of the misinformation on which they may lie grounded, and
the liability the w hole is under of being changed, until issued
in form front the Directing Senate."

Extract of a letter from Putty Ghur (Upper Province,
Hindustan), dated June 1815
" I give volt the earliesrnotice of what I think a commercial
opening, which may be beneficial. Oar possession of Kelllilolll3.
which we shall retain, and which cannot he wrested from
11!%, grecs ns a free and commoiliou.s route (through the vast
ridge of the Hetnlameh Alonutttins) into Tartary. All the
inhabitants in the vicinity of the pass are delighted at getting
us dose to them, the Ghoorkalts hay iug been very bad neigh
bours indeed. They have explained the trade which they
carry on. From their statement it appears clear, that them
Would be an immtule market fur fee cloth of lively colours,
coarse wash woollens, and hardware. They have a good th
of money current among them, and vain:sole articles ( musk,
borax, gum, &c.) fur barter. In short, we believe that an
extensive trade might be carried on with mach profit in this
new channel."

We regret to state the total loss of the Phoenix frigate
by a hurricane, in the bay of Chisme, in the Archipelago;
but it is a consolation to add, that not a single life was
lust on the unfortunate occasion.

The Bank of England will continue to receive Bank
dollar tokens at the rate of ss. 6d. each, until the Ist of
November next, in sums of not less than eight dollars.
By order of the Council of State of Fribourg, the works
of Rousseau, finind in the library of a celebrated Agricul-
turist lately deceased, were committed to the flames, on
the ground of their being immoral and dangerous.
The statues of Mirabeau, and some other personages
who rendered themselves celebrated during the Revolution,
have been withdraws from the Palace of the Luxembourg.
