THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

be objected that the virtues of the present monarch preclude
every possibility of an undue exercise of the monstrous influence
which a variety of circumstances has placed at the disposal of
government. This we would fondly believe; hut political in-
stitutions were not calculated on the virtues and moderation of
men, but on their vices atid violence ; and whatever security we
may have in the principles of the present Sovereign, it is neces-
sary to take precautions against his successois, as well as
servants and advisers. it is therefore become a matter of ur-
gent necessity to have some countcrpoie against the accumulat-
ing evil, which is already so immense Ls to render almost
nugatory the other broaches of the Constitution. This can, '
'nit!) the greatest safety be found in an indepeudant House of
Commons : For it is dangerous to appeal frequently to the
people—they are the last resort—from their tribunal there is no
further appeal. It has been frequently repeated, whenever
this great question has been started, that ex periments and inno-
vations in political institutions should he attempted with ex-
treme anxiety and caution. We acknowledge the justice of this
observatiott ; but ho;ovation is alt aimed at ; only a laudable
isle evinced to bring back things to their primitive form; mu:
so far from attenspCng aay dangerous experiment, it goes to
prevent the possibility or necessity of it, by re-estzl!slishin4 the
Constitution in its original purity. Those who oppo-e this salu-
tary measure, are no friends to the present establishment, and can
have no sincere desire to maintain it ; for if the present abuses
Continue to accumulate, -the period is nut far remote, when we
shall possess neither establishment nor coturtr. It was consti-
tutional principles and an as dent love of libFrty, which placed
the present family on the throne ; and the same causes, if al-
lowed to exist, w ill pres.2rve them on it, in spite of internal and
external opposition.
A dreadful crisis is rapidly approaching when the concentrated
Onergies of the el.nuion-wealth will be requisite to resist its
violence. Nobody ,vill have the courage, we believe, to deny,
that a trial awaits u,, snore arduows. and unprecedented, than fell
ts the lot of any modern people. Other nations, more popu-
lous, and whose institittionsl there more warlike, have not been
able to oppose a sno,nentary resistance to the cat:smite. In at-
tempting to account for the disaster; of our ne:ghbouri, an tnia-
nimity of sentiment se;'nr; to prevail, at I; apt in this country,
"bat they originated in the torpor of the people, in consequence
of the abuses of their (h A population of fourteen
ho ardently love their country and institutions; who
arc taught to cstisnate their advantages ; who know, from expe-
rience, their practical vdue, will never he reduced to the ne-
cessity of contending with snenemy on their own soil ; for no
invader will be guilty of the temerity of encountering such a
-onion of force and will. Bo N PA ave. has prostrated the na-
ions and grivernments of the earth at his feet, beca tv4- the ema,
culating effects of corruption hail di: rinsed among them a general
languor and impotence. In our schools every line we read in-
formed its of the prodigies perforated by communities animated
with a love of liberty ; anal in our manhood, v. Uh all the benefit

of reflection and experience, we seem to be ignorant of what
every school-boy knows. lf our menwy he so defective, let us
wince more have reconNe to our books, ant: they will tell us how
invincible the ltionans mere in the inlancy of their institutions,
when their population aril v•rritory lvcre a. limited, as their en-
inusiasiie pas,ion for their country was uncircumscribed ; they
will likewise teach tri the important les.on,that the same people,
>tuastera or the world, but siaves to a tyrant at home, were un-
able to oppose a hor:le of half-armed barbarians, as soon as
slavery had unnerved their arms, and rendered them indifferent
to fix inspiring name of country.
If we are ttiiliog, thrive:me, to escape the disasters which
hope ove:•by helm d 1 urope ; if we Oink our indepenJence and
law wort i pre•ery log ; if v. e wish to create eacrgies propor-
tionate to flee dillie ohics That are ready to assail us—it is neve,
'iffy to impress uu toe militia and hearts of the i;reat /a)dy of the

APRIL 9,

people, that the superiority of their institutions is so transceia-
dant, that they will willingly submit to every sacrifice, in order
to maintain them. To produce this impression, nothing more is
requisite than to reform the abuses which disfigure them ; aryl,
we hope, that the attention of the Legislature, after the present
recess, will be immediately directed to this great and salutary
operation. As soon as that event has re-established confidence
and union, and the same enlightened policy has removed the dis-
content of our Irish Brethren—then great Britain will become
once more what it formerly had been—the terror zald envy of the
world.
