SUNDAY, JUNE 2, 1816.

shall be weeping and gnaisting of into the farthest darkness, there
teeth. And Jesus said to Cen- shall be weeping and gnashing of
turion Go, and as thou trowest. teeth. Aud Jesus said to the Cen-
be it done to thee. And the child turion Go, and, as thou believest.
is made whole in that nine." he it done to thee. And tits child

i• loatlewhole at that time.

Now heareth, lonlinges. the un- Now hear. illasiers, the undoing
doing of this le.ion, so that God of this lesson, as that God forgive
forgive us our trespass as willing- us our trespass as willingly as he
liche as he made clean the niesel. made clean the leper, and healed
and healed the child of Centurion. the child of the Centurion. Token
Token it is. full great unto all that it is. full great unto all that be
ben sinnand in the world, that sinners M the world, that the God
God of heaven would ('omen adown of heaven would come down into
into this world, for to make us this world, to make us whole of
whole of all evils. For the hill all evila. For the bill betokeneth
betokeneth the heaven forsooth. the heaven. Jesus cause down
Jesus came clown from the hill from the lull for to heal us, when
for to healen us, when he would he would take our kind, and did
take our kind, and did virtuous virtuous and many wonders. slany
and many wonders. Michel folk folk then followed him, that never
then followed him, that never to before then knew him. For if he
then then knew him. For Gif he had not mine into our kind, never
ne had nought comer into our would he have been known, nor
kind, never should he have been worshipped of so many. Never-
known ne worshipped of so many. theless the himself he came not,
Naforthan for himselven ne come but for to amend our trestuess.
he nought ac for to &menden our Though what need hath he 01 us,
trespass. Though what Mister that be wretches and sinners? He,
hath he to us, that lien wretches to whom all v irtues of heaven
and sinners lie, to whom all serve; angels. archangels, all are
virtues of heaven screen ; angels, at his commandment ; Heaven
archangels, all is at his comand- and earth, sea and wind ! What
ment ; Heaven and earth, sea and need hath he then of us that be
wind! What mister bath he then wretches and sinners? Fur his
to us that ben wretches and sill- own need lie came not; but to
nem ? For his need ne come he draw us from death to life ; to
nought; hot to draw us from lead us with him to heaven. He
death to life; for to lead us with took upon himself our deadly
him to heaven. He took our kind in order to heal us of all our
deadly kind fur to !Icahn us of all trespass. Ile became man with
our trespass. lie becamen man his good will : this is betokened
with his good will: this is be- by the leper that he healed through
tokened by the mescl that lie heal- his virtue. For mrselrie be-
ed through his virtue. For leprosy tokencth sin that holdeth us all
betokeneth sin that holdeth us all in its possession: for as leprosy
in his beindoune: for as meselrie maketh the flesh knotty and wrin-
inaketh the flesh knotty and runke- Wel, it. in the sanie manner, con-
ley it right so confoundeth sin and founded, sin and the soul. Leprosy
tile soul. i‘leselrie jorrdeth the affordeth the likeness of the body,
likeness of the body, and sin ford- and sin atfordeth the likeness of
as the likeness of the soul. Ac the soul. And lie that knowedi
he that wot him mesel, that is, he himself to be in sin; unto God he
that woe him in sin; unto God he must cry, with good heart, and
must cry, with good heart and say: say; "If thou wilt thou mayest
se (;if thou wilt, thou may li al heal me." look well to the cur-
ette." Looketh well to the caring lag of the leper; that only he
of •ho mesel; that onlichehe asked asked the win of Christ; only in
the will of Christ; Onliche in God, God, will he set his hope and all
will he seam his hope and all his his health. That is south fur Da-
health. That is moth, for David it yid saith it "all that he will he
said' " all that he will lie cloth in cloth in heaven and in earth;" and
heaven and in earth ;" and there- therefore said the leperfirst, " Lord
fore said the mean first, " I .ord if thou wilt thou mayst make me
gif thou wilt thou may make me whale." God said he would: for,
whole." And God said lie would : understand ye well, that stedfast
for, wit ye well, that steelfast be- belief may do what it sill without
lief may don what it will withouten doubt.
doubt.

Christ would touch the mese]. ('heist would touch the leper,
and by that he teacheth us that we and by that he teacheth us that we
tie shall despise no man. when he should despise no man, when he
that was lord over all thing would that was Lord over all things
touch the mewl. What shall it would touch the leper. What then
ben of us, that Hen them and have shall be done to us, that flee from
dedeine for to look upon them. any of our fellow Christians, and
Naforthan our flesh he is thorough disdain to look upon them. Ne-
kind, and our brother thorough vertbeless of our flesh they are
belief. (:if we despise our brother; through kind, and our brethren
how may we say that we love our through belief. If we despise our
flesh? Forsooth hij that have their brother; how may we say that we
brother in despite ne may nought love our flesh? Forsooth they
come to God. Ac who that seeth that despise their brother may not
the meld]. of his soul he owe to come to God. And he who veeth
thoubten him, that he ne be nought the leper, of his own soul he ought
nr.siel thorough sin: and gif he be, to doubt whether he himself be not
he owe to cry mercy to God. Of a. leper through sin: and if he be
this misel he owe to take ensam- he ought to cry mercy to God. Of
ple of (od's might, that is so this leper he ought to take exam-
!Maul, that he thorough will and ple of God's might, which is so
touching. may healeu the bodies great, that he. through will and
and saven the souls. touching, may heal the bodies and
I • tave the souls.

Ac now, understand what this And, now understand what this
Painim said rigainward, whim .1e- Pagan said afterward, when Jesus
tuts said that he would come for to said that he would corn. for to heal
heal his servant. " Lord" he his servant. " Lord." he stud,
raid " lam nought worthy that " I nun not worthy that thou come
" thou come into mine house." " into mine house." When a
When that a Painim said welt a Pagan said such a word, I;:aat
wordt what owe then a Christian outr. In then a Christian man to say,
tom to say, when that Gad should when God should take his abode
uke his buoy aithhim. Greatliche with hint. Greatly he ou3ht to
he might to bethinken him titian reflect noon his tans and make
and make hint clean. vilth weep- himself clean. with weeping, with
tug, with fisting: and in lowness, fasting; and in lowlinms, and in
and in :111 other gmd deeds. all other good death, although he
Though alway he De have done have committed no great evil yet
none toil, yet he owe to doubten ought he to doubt lamself, and to
hint, and for to judgen himselven iudgc himself unworthy to receive
for unworthy to receive him that him that keepeth both heaven and
kerpcth both heaven and earth, eailh, and all that are in the world.
and all tint ben in the world. Anxiois he ought to be to cleanse
Busy lam ought to inn for to make that which shall harbour sue' a
clean that eding that shall hat- Lord, that giveth life and death.
bout such a Lord., that giveth life For. understanti ye well he who
and death. For that, wit ye well recciveei his body here in form of
he who worldliche reetiveth his bread. from this day he shall I,ro to
body hers in form of bread, from the life that era: shall last. And
this day he shall go to the life that thee that take it faultily, in any
ever shall lasten. And ltij that deAly aim or in datermitang to
taken it folielich in any dearlliehe commit sin, they take it to thou
sin, in wil! .010.1 in hit own damnation.
token it to eatit efirdainpition.

PRICE 9.4 d.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, ?don osv, MAY 27.
CORONER'S BILL.
This Bill went through the Committee and was reported with
amendments. Among the clauses, as the Bill row stanc.. are
the following :—Coronets to be allowed 10s. per day. for their
attendance at Quarter Sessions:—also,3d. per mile (u tra-
velling expeuces.

pLAcr..; AND PENSIONS.
Earl Guosvrtvoir felt Inmsell almost overvrhelmed in the
contemplation of this important question; and the more
anxiety did he feel fur the adoption of verities reforms iii the
Civil Establishments of the country. Considering the grueral
distress of the country, and that uo steps had yet been taken
to net up to the sentiments of economy expressed in the Re.
gent's speech, he felt that it was a matter of imperious nereA-
,ity to retrench in every department. The Finance Committee
of the other Home had suggested many economical refoi ins;
and it was not their fault if those reforms had not been effect-
ed. They would have done more, had their Lordships sup-
ported them iu their measures of general retrenchment. He
then read a list of summits: places, the abolition. regulation, or
consolidation of which he would propose to be referred to a
Committee. He moved a Resolution, That inquiry should be
made, as to what Offices in the State might be abolished with-
out detriment to the public service.
The Earl of LItEItP3OL said, that, if properly understood,
there could be but one opinion on the question. But he could
not agree to mislead the public mind on subjects which, upon
inquiry, they might not mid practicable for the public service.
It was not improbable, that a bill on this subject might be soon
brought np from the other House; and he trusted the House
would suspend its jedgment until the period when he should
lie able to explain the views of Government on this question.
Oil the subject of Sinecure Places, he held them still to be
vested rights in the parties. He coutooded, that there was no
country in the world where the public business was diseharg,ed
more economically than its this. lie concluded by moving the.
previous question.
The filarynis of LANSDOWNE supported the motion; con-
tending, that it was neemary to regulate sinecures, though It
might not be expedient to abolish the same.
The East of lisesiovißV opposed the motion, and supported
the previous question.
The Marquis of its CKINGIrrkm supported it.
Lord Cvl.rttnnee was ofopieion, that die suhject should be
open to parliamentary inquiry.
Earl GRosvENOR replied ; and the House divided—For the
previous question, 62 —Agaiust it, 24—Majurity,3b..—Adjouro.
ed at Ten o'Clock.
TVESDAY, MAY 28.
SILVER CURRENCY.
The Earl of Ltv ERP1)01 presented a Message from his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent, which was in substauce as
fel-
luws:—

" G. P. R.
" The Prince Regent; acting in the name and on the behalf
of his Majesty, has taken into consideration the defective state
and inadequate amount of the silver currency ; and, iu order
tot entedy the inconvenience, has given directions for a new
and extensive silver coinage. His Royal Highness relies on
the support of the House iu the prosecution of such measures
as may he necessary to carry such obji et into execution."
The message, on the motion of Lord Lis FR POOL, was order-
ed to be taken under consideration on Thursday next.
Lord Hom.aso asked if it was the intention of the Noble
Earl to move for a Committee to inquire into the present state
of the coinage.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, it was not. An Act of Parlia-
ment would be required to remedy that important matter.—
Adjourned to TUILII slay.
THURSDAY, MAY 30.
The Soap and Militia Bills were read a third time, and
passed.
Lord GRENVILLE gave notice of a motion for nest session,
with a view to compel the registcry of Slaves in the Wl St In-
dies; where the state of slavery was still permitted, under the
sanction of British law, to continue.
Lord ilataittisr stated, that it was the intention of Govern-
ment to recommend, in the must earnest manner, to thk: Colo.
Mal Legislators, the adoption of some measure or tithee cal-
culated to answer the purposes of the Slave Itogistery B.U.
Ou the order Mr taking into eunsideraimis the Prince Regent's
Nles,age on the subject of a new coinage of silver,
The Earl of Lis snout)]. rose : and having first entered into
a long explanation on the subject of the coinage, anti skewed
the necessity of adopting some measure to remedy the detects
of the present currency, his Lordship developed the plan
agreed on by Government. He stated that there is to he
coinage of shillings and sixpences to the amount of two and a
half millions, of the same standard as to fineness as now : but
there will be 66 shilling. coined out of a rand troy
whereas there were formerly but 62. Iwo teaser)s were
a-aligned for this: first, to prevent the new coin f being
scut out oldie country. ; and second. to enable the Gwertmictit
to pay the expeuces of the coinage. Gald is to reinain the
standard of value in the conntry. The new silver, by -ne of
the machines invented by Itouiton, of 11,riningliam, will be
ready in six or seven months. The shillings and sixpences in
circulation are to be called in—the old shillings, such as are a
legal tender, are to be received by tale, aud a new shilling re-
turned ter an old one. With respect to those that are not the
legal coin, they are to be taken by weight only. The gold coin
is to remain in the saute state as at ',resent The Hank tokens
are to continue in circulation till a new substitute is pro, ided
iu the new coin. The Earl of Liverpool further sra:ed, that
the amount of Rank tokens in circulation was 2,1 04),. I Le
quantity of standard silver in these W. 14 Mirth less than the
91.0;,0ne,1 new coinage. They circulated at 6a. Sd. or OF. 941,
an ounce; whereas an ounce of silver in the new cm irige
would lee lunaufactufed into ;)s. tid. Mir will Le no Latin of

' '2! II

or)IN
4ct)
i wri.
.. , .ritiv
< ~ ,-• )
"P..---x-cl'

ite

hex silver, till the whole amount iiitentled is voiiied. Ills
Lordship by moving an Ailnirass to the Mince 1t•-
gent, (kinking hu t for his gencious Message, and assuring him
Ms the desire of the Howe to concur ICI its übjects.—'r lie illation
was agreed to, and the Douse adjourned.
FitiOAY, MAY 31.
The Royal Assent was given by commission to the Soap Bill,
the Local Militia Pay and Cloathisg Bill, the St. Pancras
Church Bill. the Malt and Beer Duty Reduction Bid, and seve-
ral private Bills.
Lord FALSOUTA presented a Petition from several Pobli-
tan? at geatance against the additional duties uu Publicans'
Lieences.—The House adjourned to Tbnrsday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, I‘IOAN, MAY 27.
Mr. HUItNI-It asked, whether any further interference had
been made with the Government of Spain, respecting tho:e
Patriots taken at Gibraltar, and afterwards given up to the
vengence of the King of Spain. Iu conseqUesee of our inter•
fertnee, it was stated on a former occasion, that all kid been
sat free, with the exception of Don Diego Correa; and that
indit itinal was the most important, as he and his two suns had
fought and bled in the service of Spain during the revolution;
• yet he then remained confined in a dungeon at Ceuta. Could
the Noble Lord state, whether Correa still remained in his
dungeon%
Lord CMITLEREAGII replied, that the Ministers of this
coantry had renewed their representations to the Court of
Spain; and that, according to the last dispatches received (ruin
the British Minister, Correa, in consequence of such' represen-
tation, had been liberated.
WAN'S AND MEANS—THE BunGET.
The House hating resolved itself into a Committee of Ways

and Means,
The CU ANCTLLOR of the ExcuEOLIER brought forward that
general statement of our finances, which is generally termed
t:,e Budget. lie said, the decision of the House respecting
the property-tax had materially altered his views. His opinion.
on that question was 'motto eel —but, bowing to the sense of
the House, he truste I it would be seen that he had resorted to
the next best means for meeting the supply of the year. The
picture winch he should draw would be found consolatory—
nothing would appear that evinced any thing like distress—on
the contrary, the result would show full as much proverity as
the most sanguine could expect. The first resolution which
he should have to propose would be, that the Committee
appi ow! and accept the proposed loan by the Bank of',
3,00;1,0001. at :1 per emit. This grant was to be made on the
condition, that the Government during its continuance re-
ceive Vole notes of the Batik Company for all purposes of
revenue, He thought the arrangement could not fail to meet
the approbation of the license. It was economical to the
country, and it was just to the Batik. By the arrangemelit of
engagiox to receive the notes, instead of pressing them for
specie, on the resumption of cash payments, the honour and
credit of the Company would be increased. As to the aug-
mentation of the Company's capital, that he thought was all
adtiantage to the country; and as to their profits, no one
world question their right to them, or to divide them. The
euly question could be as to the foamier. 'five Loan from the
Batik of 3,000,0001. would be still he further advantageous, iu
being obtained without any pressure! on the money market.
Hu would now go into some detail of the sums voted and
wauted for the service of the year, and the Ways and Means
of meeting such supply. For the Army, there would be wanted
9,161.000 i.; but deducting for troops in France, this country
would only be called upon to pay 8;1:31,0011. Extraordinaries
and Commissariat 2,133,0061. The whole fur the Army
10,IG-1,0001. The Navy 10,16t,0001. and the Ordnance
1„086,0001. For the Miscellauirs, lie. should require 2,400,0001.
Debt due to the India Company 915,0001.—Thcse grants
amounted to 2i,144,0001. There were some additional charges.
Oa account of the Loyalty Loau 917,0001.; besides there
would be an cxpence respecting a new silver coinage. It was
difficult to fix upon any sum, from the want of information; but
ice had estimated the probable expence at 500,0001. The
whole supply amoiwited to about 30,425,0002 deducting the
Irish pro,sortion, which was 3,111,6561., the amount for Eng-
laWl was about 27479,0001. Toe next division of his state-
&at was the Ntays awl Means, The ordinary Anneal Taxes
were estimated. at 3,900,0001. and the surplus of the CollbUll-
tbtul Fit,l 3,'10',0001. 'Fite Customs (and he spoke from ac-
counts made op to the sth of April last) were calculated at
13,0110,091 .1. 'Fite War taxes added to them would produce
1,890,0301. the Excist 19,400,0001. Assessed Taxes 0,327,0001.
Bank Advances 0,000,0001. Lottery or 3,000,0001. Surplus of
ibe nrcippropi iated Grants for 1815, 5,563.0001. ilear, hear.)
Besides these means, he had to state au appropriation of un-
claimed Bank Dividends to the amount of 301,0001. and of small
ABMs remaining in the Exchequer amounting to 419,0001.
Timse Ways and gleans met the shins required for the service
of the year within 2,500,0001.; and in prefereuce to resorting
to soy otbcr means for the two minima and u half deficiency,
he proposed to rake that sum by Exchequer Bills. This would'
be a small pressure upon the money-market, but it would be
the only pi essure. It might be asked, how he had made up
that amount which lie had lost by the abandonment of the
Property Tax awl the War Malt 'f ex, on which, in the early
pert of the Session, he had calculated fur eight millions and a
Lair He thus proposed to meet the deficiency occasioned by
the abandonment of those taxes: to raise by Exchequer Bilis
The snrplus of the unappropriated grants of
kest year produced him about the sum of 2,1;63,0001 more than
he had calculated upon in the early part of the Session. (Ilene.)
'At that period, he estimated the amount of unappropriated
grants at 3,000,0001. ;he had since, s cry fortunately, discovered
that the amount was 6,663,0001. r lie cc, hear, and a lungh.)—
Sat:l discovery., accordingly, gave bite 2,66.1,0001. that he had
not calculated upon, tlie advance from the Bank at 3 per cent.
was 3,000,0001.; the unappropriated small suns in the Ex-
chequer amounted 440,0001; the unclaimed dividends 301,0061.
The- e sums would completely meet the amount
winch he calculated upon being prodheed by time Property
Tax, 61e.—hut the amount was not made up, as would be
seen, a itliont resorting to Loans, and to Exchequer Bills for
2,2la,nlitit. The latter only would affect the money-market—
the former were so uegociated as riot to produce suer' effect
The Right lion. Gentleman said, that it had never bethre oc-
curred, that in one year after the proclamation of peace a
reduction had taken place in the public debt. It was Or
prowl digioction of the present period, that it afforded a pre-
cedent of :hat natnre. It had gone abroad, that the season
bad arrived for Lloomy apprehension; but the country would
per:' ive that it ens the moment of hope. He concluded by
Resolutiom that the proposal of the Governors sod
Cointesay ot the :Sank cf I, apnoea ne approicel of.
Mr. V. kYI'ZI:EC sun rose to make a statement of the tin:-n
rill axranleincats with respec' In Ireland. lu the coarse of
his °brier +atoms he said, tiro io that country the ease-a.
it..ses were reill-ried in hi nt'te.!, Mite and expuditm....
audiwer than tine •iiy,aud lie declared it t' be his iuteutie,u to
