MAT 26.

DILIMATIC REGISTER.
DRURY LANE.

A Piece called a Fairy Tale, in two Acts, entitled,
Olwrun's Oalh, ur 7'he Paladin and the Prineevs, was pro.
duced at this Theatre on Tuesday for the first time.
The scene is laid near B iglu], where the hero of the
niece,,ropre tented by Mr. T. Cooar,.wins the affections
of tho. liph's daughter, Miss NAsn. By the super-
natural agency of a female deity they escape from the
fury of the Caliph ; but the hero i. shipwrecked in the
territory of the Urand %than, where he is, with his ser-
vant, consigned to slavery: here Zoradina, the favourite
Sultana (Mrs. Onns:a), meets hint in the garden of the
palace, and makes love to hint ; but her passion being
slighted, she attempts to stab him in revenge, wheat-the
Sultan and his guards break in and arrest her aria.. ilk
is then ordered with his mistress, the Caliph's daughter,
fir execution; when the lovers arc wain extricated by
the. same supernatural agency, and the piece concludes.
The music, whit:ll.i' isy Mr. PARRY, is very pretty.—
Miss NASH had several airs, which she executed with
great taste and delicacy. lET last snug possessed peculiar
aweetness. The dresses and decorations are splendid, and
the scenery rich, lamittiful, and• diVersitied. With all
these advantages however the piece, from its great length,
went.nif heavily. On the fall of the curtain an opposition
was made to its announcement for repetition, and Mr.
RAE was loudly called tier. On presenting himself, he
expressed a wish to know the pleasure of the audience.
Some voices exclaimed—" Repeat !" others • No !"
Mr. RAE then e.6cl:..us;there was a difference of opinion,
he hoped the audience would give the piece another trial.
Loud approbation, mixed with partial discontent, sue.
aceded.—The House was crowded to excess.

The next night OGeroN's IMM was received thmughout
with unmixed applause. It was greatly improved by
judicious curtailments ; and the hesenty of the dresses and
decorations, with the general gaiety of the piece, are iikely
to male it a popular entertainment.

SONG.
k Mr. Mt NUFM).

lonki seas and rivers tuna to nine,
'fti gratify a toper's i% isli,
sititor's her %affiliate ilit
Anil all the folk* would drink Llitsieles.
litany an eelsk in faille( drink
Wonlil twist among the joyous shoal;
Tipsy muidw re harm coli'd think
To frisk it witiva jovial noel.
Here a Bacchanalian brood
Qf pra‘i la. and klieters it rangelrtickled, .
Cacti In claret nicely ittevi'd,
And all our herrings ready pirkl'it.-
Tul de rol, de rid,
