MONDAY, gEPTEMPER• 7, IM.

•
• ueetled his crilers, but acted in open vit.ilation of t.hein-
The Floridity are to L. ressurcul•ie.Spaily, on corit'it..
thtns, that Sriin will rot suffer her Indians to tt'fact
the citizens of tke Llnittsl States, nor the. Italians
biting their territory; nor syslkthellt.itcd States per-
mit these last-mentioned Intliiies.i:te. cotti me :we hostiT
'Hies agr.inst the subjects of hiAC4olie lqajcsti;ot
' Indiana, in any manner svieterest.e •
The Calowitt,g is an extract from a privsts.letter,.!
dated Bencoolon,. April 15, 184$:—« Oar tieveLints:•;
tea:nit-Governor. Sir T. S. Raiffhit, LititZ, Juni luite,l
arrivzd• hero on the 2iat salt. •He linuled on the neat,
day, and took charge of tho . Government ender this
usual forces. The great character which be acquired
in Java had excited great expettatioe, and has male'
his posence very welcutne. The aranner.in which .tkie:
place kas been neglected, calls for immediate change.
and revision., and considerable redactions, I inidervand,
..arc in contemplation. On the arrival of theintelligen a.:
of the suelaucholy death of the PrincustCharlotte, th,•
whole settlement went into %minting; andon the 511th
I of Murch the Lieutenant Governor atyarnnoned &general
nicettiog'ef. the inhabitants, wins framed and signed
Addresses to their Royal , Highnesses the Prince He
gent and Prince Leopold of Saxe, Coboarg,, deploring
this calamitous event, which have. b.:en trairtnitted to
England by Capt. Mitchell, of the east India Coin?a-
isy's ship-tiortittnacriand. The Lieutenant Governor
also took advantage of the sorrow and feeling of the
,11110trbetit to establish The Sumatran Auxiliary Bible
Society and the Itc..v. Mr. Winter, our chaplain,
.preached an appropriate sermon int tie oemsion. No.
thing can equal the melancholy with which we are
overaleinied hi consequence of this sad catastrophe.--
The duty on the export of spice* has been taken otr,
and in a short time we shall export 'WenEli for --
-‘;on of itaigiatul, and - ""

.e cultivators think thoroselves well paid at s hakf
penny per lb. fur nutmegs. As we lad a right t 9 ex-
pect from the liberal and enlightened views of our new
Lieutenant Goverww, 1 trad4rstatid- be proposes to
immediately abolish slavery, and antancipate the na-
tives fruit, the form! deliveries, Sec. moiler which they
have lierewfore labottred. The gaining and cock fight-
ing Emus, the sour es of endless evils, are to be abo-
lished from the Ist of May."
The Ariati,.. .Mirror presents level-it inchleistsrelative
to the war, which were not noticed in the official
disr..telies. It appears, that shortly prior to the great.
battle of Alalteidpoor, the Bhyc (a Princess of Holier's
family 1 was cruelly murdered. She had been previously
placed in confinetnent in consequences of her haying
wished to prevent a war with the En4Oish. A Council
was then helki by Rooshun Beg, Rooshun Khan, and
Glitiffon Khan, by whom it was determined that she
should be put to death ; and she was oceonlingry taken
down to the bed Of .he river and publicly beNs‘ded.—
:.several Tau-telt; of er this tsok place between the dif-
ferent Chiefs, but the of itooslian Beg, pre.
tailed, and tle battle wa,: fo The etKiscipience,
''hats ever, was flital 't he lrattalions which he
commanded were cut u and disp,....Tila,hitinself wounded,
and Kitt influence aili'lilatcd. (In- the south of the
Nerbudda tl:c agenrs of the Peisliwa lied taken great
pains to seduce the Serays in on: service, and hail in.
diced trucral lx,latiging to the ?mailbag: l'resid.eitcy to
desert, par.!y by threatening to inflict. crueltigs awl
oppressions on their families and friends. • In consc-
enersee, the Civil and Military Authorities at all the
stations acre particularly enjoined to ext:arl
protection to all the ti milies of f;i2poys ho
refuso.w;thitt our territorie:. . This meastire, joitite d to
the subst,:uciit defeat's the !Irish** espereweed,;
had. carapietely put a stir; to the4s.tcrrion aintrig the
Sepayr.

thilcnrinz N an extract of It letterimus T..!eyd's.
Agent t of Good Rol.e. tinte.4.datle Is:
ri,.rrisJn, from :.r.ailras, arrivel nn
the 2d The Captahl and lqleers report.. that, his
arritrd.at Nl:tdras
for tr9ops rfro‘rnrig4.e, t
StaT, who were sui.rounsled in 4 mild
from all co,anntn7e4tion loy the CaodiAtpt. A.Aittocla-
13;.:trti of the. 85d resicrit' becn.ent• to pieces.--,
Ceptail TiAlhii!, of .ts:u tqrtl Clahr:lrt; litrival on the
5:11 reirirts, tlatt his Ml.liwity aohip Minti•oi
had l'oiiit tie Gpl!:, for Cnlowho), with tremps
fpr tl,r •..

• • 06

PuicE

. ,
171 L (1L'.1:1;
I •
,t •
The aceounts this week of !ler Majastr?s disord*r a
are very wifavutrable. It is said she has been grft- '
dually rdapsing ever since• liednesday week ; anti, SIP Ce.• .
Settiday her Majesty luo. esperietseed a recurrence of all
mint slistrossing synaptuurs of her complaint 011
Tuesday., for the first- time since her blitjesty hus'ac.e.s
KS:m.lm vadat' belletiaof her health was teener.:.
wstrus follows
The album lambi:en very unwell the intim days. Her Me-
bas had but very MAL: Zeap.iss the eight. sad eteelieese awe is-
ed tLis morning. • •• Fit. MILL AWL
" HUN. OLLVOKIL"t
aferraing alltsiatlotrtf hatt Majesty's. health de-
, termined the l'rinee Regont to by asi le Lis projechmi•
tour fur the present ; and an Stiesiosy evening,. instead
.of prosnediag to .Begley, tva hovel Highseas remained
at Kew till near elect:, o'clock, taut then rectwestl to.
flan:mod Court, to sie.ep His Loyal Highness also. ,
retnaittea at Kin' till a late hour on Aloealaftii,-ht.
The. Hsi/Owing an: the bulletins exhi:itetlf on ete
respeetinudeys ut fife Qaceult Niece.
.• Kew Palate, &pt. 1.
"The Quen'aisatinues ierp mulch ;whirs:it; but her Natality
hashed a Sitter stight th:ut was expected.
.6 FRANCIS
•' H. 11/O.MM"
" Kew Pat Ace. Sept. 7.
" The Quarrels*, had some tefresLingstcepin the uight, It.tt her
Majesty is secant 4361414G0..
"FRANCIS Nil LI,NIAN,
" 11. HALFORD."
*6. Kew Palace, Sept
" The Qualm continues mtteh In the um. I:ate as yesteolsy.
eta:sults Les Aisjesty's aighs has been bit an tratitErent one. •
" it A YCIS-3t11.1.31AN.
• ...11. IIALFORI)."
•
Since her relapse, the Queen has reiterated her tie. .
sire to be at Windsor, end a number of contrivances
hive been thought of to reader her removal practic.s-
ble. The inteatimg eqrsoyikt her Majesty. in ohe...
d'Senee to het' daitiest wishes, was acted upon for three, ,
of four days, butall pasparstimis far that purpose sensor
op Thursday. It is stated the opinion of the physi.
clans is very unfitvOuruhle.
The ‘lueen's disorder, up to a /ate hiur on Friday
afteructon, appeared rather to iee.rease than otherwise.
She suffered mtielt pain, and wits in an almost total '
incapability of motion. The Prinms Augusta .and the
Duchess of Glbucester arc ineessantly occupied in the
atost anxious attentions upon their Royal Parent. Inc
Prince Regent spend3•almOst all the whole day, and
great part. of the night at Xe..v, rce,:ives half-hourly
reports, aiul frequently sees her Majesty. The .
of York and Kent also visit the Palace every day, he;
sides sending their inquiries szveral ti nes in those' r.lrts •
of the day in which they arc not at Kew.
An express was received so early as eight o'clock ycs-
tenlay morning, tin his Royal Highness the Prince Etc-
gent at Carlton i Louse, Nut Kew.
The following is the offieial Medical Report recel7e4.
front Kew Saturd4 morniug

" It-,e T's:ace. Sept..s.
" Iles 51kjasty hza no: 1.E4 a gel t. s l coatizgues.anrtl
s*;le• " ra.kNcis MILLMAN.
" 11. 12,11[431W."
YesterTay the fylhreivi; "inc eXhibitc,7l
the Qiieru's Pahtee, re.pc..cti•Tg ier Ntalest y'g. heal t
• -- - -

" Kew "aLee, Sr. F.
" The Qiieen re,r.t;nneel verr •”*: ...:I.>'e of yestt7ll.4. but l(e:
kas at coal night, rates .I:t:.c bete- maruini•.
"
" 11. 11.tioNte/i1(."

• Wedneq lay a Cuttrt of I)lrc.-thr? oras hail at ILA
Et..st India !liaise; v••11,:n ships were
t4kca up and tints gati7.ot.j., and Chir.a
--1-NiartinisCannlen, Capt. I,ark.ps: ChitrkaGrant.(saig., •
Scutt ; Capt. 11-irrtr.laPe ; Essw,.x, Cart. Nist:c...• ,
and .i,awthc.r Castiu, Capiaiu Nlottiock. ani•
•
Iptina—.Ntlas; C.tpt. INl".tyne; U'itter!oo, Capt. Ms:4;er.;
eqrtathatn. Cart. lica.stiaPe, /tl.sints and Cilia.
-4.N.1w Ship i,taildittg by Nftssrs (7apt. Franklin;
ani General Notive. St. Helena, 11.11117. y,
rind C.hiu„--limuhac, Capt. 11.41nitvol ; and c•wner.:l
Norris,' . Cep Niarlrus and
Cart, rdiTatfroot, Nfi acrva, Captain •Ilitthqrlson.
sutras and livuir.sl—,t'ariAv. Capt. Illoncharl; and
Capt. !donning. Bengal INiract....— •
Nrinecc,c Clattintte of NVoles. Capt. Gribbie ; ar.ti Ma
tells of Wcilitiqt.on, Capt. Waal t 'Art .W. Ni.tr.ai
~4;14. groin • • hit') tliC contatonti of the Morris

V (1 ! .
(t.,.... k
&4.
,i.:,

,i
