THE NATIONAL REGISTER

allied powers against Naples, preparatory to the ma telling of th
Aunt Lin army? •
The C II ANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was not aware
of any proclamation having been received, but his noble friend,
lie apprehended, would be able to attend to-morrow, and he
would be qualified to give a more definite answer.
mrcinNti.--11 EEO It M.-I,ord J. RUSSELL moved that
the house resolve itself into a committee on the Grampound
Disfranchisement Bill. As to the continuance of the franchise
in Grampound, misconducting itself as it had, he should re..ist
its continuance there. At all events, he was fur a transfer of it ;
and lie knew of no place more deserving than Leeds. (Hear.)
With respect to the general question of reform, many circum-
stances had lately occurred to make that question of deeper
interest than it had heretofore been. Those who once had been
lukewarm, must now be earnest reformers.
Mr. It. MARTIN was against any reform. Besides, this
borou:;h had not misconducted itself at the last two or three
elections.
Mr. Sergeant ONSLOW spoke in favour of the bill, because
he deemed the borough of Grampound incurable. Ile also was
in favour of the tr.mster to Leeds. If this bill were not carried,
the people would sayy, however inveterate might be the abuse, the
house was against ale rtforni.
Motion put and agreed to.
On the question that the bill he now committed.
Mr. D. GILIREAT said, lie should move in the committee
that the freeholders who voted for Grampound should he ex-
cluded from voting for the county. He also proposed that the
nillior and 12 aldermen of the borough of Grampound should
have votes, because the mayor, being the retuning officer, ought
to have a vote. lie then:Lire suggested that the right should be
extended to the corporation. Ile concluded with moving, that
the committee be instructed aeconlingly, to extend the right of
voting to the freeholders of the neighbouring hundreds, &a:.
Mr.PHILLIPS was astonished at the honourable gentleman's
description of the house, he appearing to fear that the house
should more completely represent the Commons of England.
That house was not instituted to be a controul over the pimple`
but a controul the the people; and that was the state of the
representation which lie desired to see. Tile hon. gent. did not
defend the conduct of Grampound; lie could not ; wily then
resist toe transfer to a large and populous place which was likely
to be contaminated by the corrupt priteeices complained of ? Ile
deemed it a great wievance that so many members found their
way into that house by means of the boroughs; and he coin-
plaineti of the unequal state of the representanon. Lancashire,
our instance, as 1-15, wild,: Yorkshire, which contained one tenth
of the population of England, was as 147. He was decidedly
against the instructimis proposed to be given to the committee.
The uni-epressented n•anuttittridg clistrietsouglic to have repre-
sentatives There were many reasons that culled for it particu-
larly.
Mr. 11. GURN EY wanted to know what Cornwall had done
to deseive a double share of thos representation. (Hear, hear.)
There was another argument for throwing open the borough, it
was not found that the representatives of large and populous
places were so liable to be corrupted. The principle of transfer
had been acted upon for 400 years down to the time of Charles I I.
It was a safe mode of improving the representation. It required
nothing of violen3e.
The Hon. J. W. WARD contended that the house, by
agreeing to the bill, would nut be pledging itself to any system
of reform. lie, however, thought they suffered some inconve•
nuenee from the limited character of die representation. 'There
were classes of the community whose feelings were not represented
to the house.

The house eventually went into the committee.
The remaining business-31r. Alderman Wood's motion for a
committee to inquire into the state of London Bridge, &e. having
been disposed of. the house adjourned.
7LESDAY, FEB. 13.
Two ballots being fixed fur to-day, to try the merits of
petitions complainint.' of undue rent' us Ito the boroughs
of Ti egoay and fietlon, the gallery was out opened for
stranscis till near five o'clock.
Mr. %IT-STERN moved for accounts of corn, white
meal, canary seed, 6,:e. imported flout Irclantl stuce I%
—Ordered.

The full Owing petitions were presented, praying for the
restoration of the Queen's name to the Lim,* :
Sontlhint—Tattield, suothaniptim —St. Luke's, Bromley
—St. Ann's, Limeliouse—St.Jolin's, South is ark—Weavers
of Edinburgh--Liticolii—Northampton—St.Andiew. Hol-
boin—St. George the Martyr—lli icklav el s and Hook-
I furs of Westininster—lierwiek upon 'E weed—Mecha-
nics of London and Southwark—Clef-10111mi of the Church
of Englaiid—King's nn—Labouring Classes of the
Mei rupults—and London Common Hall.
Seveealiy read, and oi tiered to be printed.
Dr. I.UsIiLNGTON, in presenting 011 e of these peti-
tions, denied that the Act of Uniformity gave the power
that had been exercised. If such power were suffered,
who should say w /Imre it should stop? In consequence of
the •,soon, great numbeis had avoided attending the
church—a tact that lie knew of his own knowledge; and
if the outissiun cuutiunrd,who sl hi tell where the mis-
chief to the establishment should end% it was carious
that the.iith C. c pelted his Majesty's subjects to
ray for the (lumen.—(hear.)—kle had in his pocket a
!detriment Iliad one clerg)insti bad lust one third of his
congregation in consequence of having pleachtlel against
the Qill'alt•

Ali. HARBOR") confirmed the statement, that the
omission of the name kept many people front chinch. lie
also c plaited of the 'practice of " preaching against•'
the church—a most milt cent practice, and lie hoped the
house u until express its udinion against the pulpit being
so prostituted. (Hear.) lie had been disgusted with
hearing political sermons—on one occasion the clergyman
spoke of " radical " doctrines. Could any thing be more
improper? Could any thing be mote ca;Culatcd to injure
the inteiest of the chord' ?—( Hear.)
Mr. HOll I It/USX:said, that formerly Lord Castlereagh's
name appeared in the list of reformers. l I loar, hear, and
laughter.) It was to be wished that the lishle lord would
tiou atiend to the petitions ul the people, and cut to those
blends of his aho were in tiff Italia of ini,represviding
every thing. (I icor, and a laugh.) ltrforin twist come at 1,
last, if not in the way that could he wished, in the way
Lord Chatham spoke of, " trout without." (llear.)—He
concluded by stating, that his lordship ought now to reflect
that lie had received is warning from the people.
Lord CASTLEREAGH admitted, that iu Ireland he
had supported reform, and if similar ceases existed, he
should du the same thing with regard to this country, bust
there was 110 cause tier it in this country.

Sir J. isiEwpoitr „.eid, that Lord Castlereagh had
always supported pal liamemary reform until he gut into
office, and ri 1111.1 thein eforward his lordship had deserted
ir. (cheers and liiii,;mer.) The 1C1.111141 of reform and
the c •Ls of his load-hip had destroyed the pailiament
of I eMod, and Ilse auac measure's, if per.•isicd io here,
%,(joh, uo doubt reduce the Parliament to the same ra-
il t 111113 . (Cheers.)
Sir F. BLA K F. said, ha• would ask minislers one question,
but whether tile) ansa rr. d that question nuts„ or Itercatler,
or Hever, WM not of eau• slightest eonsequeure in tow world.
catessise hiskihier.— he qu;sciou n whether, it her

!Ilajeat)'s name bad been in the liturgy, at the lane that
ministers had given up the bill of pains and penalties, and
acquitted her, they would have advised, under such circum-
stance•, that her name should be struck out of the liturgy ?
(Hear, hear.) If such advice Mould have been given, be
ou:11 apply no words inure expressive of the state of mi-
l:Utters than thet.e—"QuusLcu, suit peritere prius denneutat."
(Cheers.)
Lord FOLKSTON E gave notice, in the absence of an
hon. friend, of a motion for Tuesday neat, respecting the
conduct of the Sherill of Cheshire.

Lord CASTI.LRLAGH was walling to take upon himself
the responsibility of the union between this country soul
Ireland, soul charged the hon. Bit routs with being guilty of
an obtivion of facts, in reprsseuting that he (Castleriaglij
was in oilier before he opposed the measure of reform.
Sir J. ti L%VPO la said, the a hole s) stem pursued by the
noble lord in the unfortunate country to which he had
alluded, was calculated to do irreparable injury to the W.
terests and spirit of the people.
Lord CAS LEREAGII replied, with warmth, that the
hon. Baronet bad totally misrepresented fact,, and that
every member in that house, wkm knew tiny thing is hatevs r
of Ireland, well knew that the real facts had been most
grossly distorted. Ills lordship added that the lion. barotict
had violated rules which it was unpardonable not to be
governed, by imputing to him what lie wtu nut able to
support.
Sir J. N W PORT said he had stated, that from the
moment his lordship was connected with Mitre, lie had
ceased to advocate reform. . .

Lord C;ISTLEREAtiII 'lei lared that when he opposed
reform lie wits nut emotive tell N ills ollice.
MotioN volt INSERTING TIIE QULEN's LIME IN Tilt
LlTettGir.—Mr. J. SM ITII said, in raisdig to summit the
motion of which he had given notice, that he hail some days
pr..sented a petition from a large body of reipeciable melt,
who were greatly interested in having the country restored
to u perfect state of tranquillity and peace, nod who c 011•
bidet eil that the most certain means of at tainiug that object
would he, by attehtinig to the petitions of the people relative
to the Queen.—(lleac, hear!)—He had been always anxious
to leant the motives Aliisters haul fur advectisicv, such a
measure as the exclusion of her name from the liturgy, but
he 'lcier had learned the precise reason. Never iudesd had
he met any ohm out of that Houses hut one, who approved
oft he omission, although he was convinced there were many
in the !louse who considered it necessary. That it was a
general wish that the Queen had remained abroad lie dill
not deny, and in that wish he should have participated, had
he not seen that a course had been adopted which rendered.
her absence from this country impiesssble.—(Henr, hear.)
He had a i ght to infer, that all the charges against her
were unfounded, if he judged from no: ping but the fro I, that
iu the Of cu, 111011, ir, must her not one aura of the calumnies
so profs-wily vented on the Continent to her prejudice hall
hero alluned to. lie had a right too to suppose that the
influence of tile crown had an 1 heel upon her case, and that
motives, over which there could he exercised Ito COOIIOUI,
might have Minded the Audgment—t hat an implicit confi-
dence ii ight be imposed by some upon ministers, and that :t
theollection of favours and kindnesses might have bound
others to their service. A fiend of Mr. Pitt onec, upon
being asked luejhis um tiers upon a certain ucca.inn,auswered
with great um/retie, " filutives I ask Mr. Pitt, he thinks
fur me.— [Laughter and cries of hear, hear l]—'That sort •f
reliance was, in all probability, placed in the noble lord by
ft it ads, but it 'humid be remembered that alien the Queen
was acquitted, menthe's of that house bull uu right to at-
tribute 10 her, w ithin or without its walls, moral guilt.—
[lfear, hear.] NO—a competitom would have taken place
ainotipt their COMO ry meu to procure iedress, if any attempt
of the Said had been made t and yet here, in the case uti' a
moan and a Queeu, men were to he found capable of
charging tier w ith crime during her trial and after her ac-
quittal.—[Cheers.] The boo. member then drew the:Men-
thol of the home to the multitude of petitions received by the
house alma the subject, and to the conduct of the ;meetings
at a Inch they had been adopted. Ile deprecated the
practice of nicknaming the people, and complimented the
11 his, who had advocated the principles must useful to
mankind, and used all their efforts to do away the detestable
bigotry which had caused so touch blood and so 'natty tears.
lie then adverted to the general state of difficulties under
which the nation laboured. There existed g,,reat agricul-
tural distress--great commercial deprestion. The house
hail much to attend to, which retinae', that peace and tran-
quillity should be restored internally. A principle of liberty
and a principle of slavery were contending abroad iu Europe
—that Of freedom would, lie hoped, be TiCtist:ous ; but a Ito
could say what Logland would sutler in the conliict?—(llear)
Who was ignorant of what ens passing iu the fairest part
of the coutinent ? (Hear, hem.) The peuplz, could, be
colifirtned in their places, if the motion lie should submit
should be adopted. lie then read his 'notion, which was to
tile effect, that the [loose, after having taken into confider-
:dim' the omission of the Queen's 11:11Ilt• from the liturgy,
acre of opinion, that, um& r all the circumstances, it was
expedient that her name should be inset led in the liturgy.
Mr. 'FENN I SON seconded the motion, and argued at
considerable length upon the illegality of exciuding the
Queen's name fr lie Mai gy.
Mr. W. WYNNL supported the conduct of ministers,
contending that they had acted legally ni tire question,
and that there were ito grounds for the motion.
Mr. WIL RELtFORCIi was strenuous in favour or the
motion, and took neer:ion to ceithire the conduct of minis-
ters mom' the whole of the proceedings aguitist the Qc.•cn.
At hail-past one the house divided, when the 'lumbers
were, for the motion 178 :against it 298 I majority far
ministers 120.
