DECEMBER
Spaniards

SUNDAY.

of European and Americah . in their glo-
rious independence of the three guarantees, and in
the establishment of the empire. Don Agustin de
Iturbide confirmed these interesting sentiments by
his toast and speeches, which were repeated in con-
currence with him by Don Juan o.Donoju, as re-
presentative of the.Spunish Government.
Jn the evening a magnificent collation was served
after which their ExceHowie. proceeded to the
theatre, where a suitable st*etle teas given. rho
audience cheered his Excellency the General in
Chief, shouting—E•Father! Deliverer!" and other
endearing titles dictated by their enthusiastic sets*
merits of gratitude and affection on account of a day
so glorious and memorable, in the history of those
human. vent* which most particularly claim the at-
tention,of politicians and philosophers.
On Ate following day the Provisional Junta of the
Government was installed with the greatest splen-
dour and solemnity, when they took the oath This
memorable day wait solemnized like the preceding
by repeated trims, salutes, and illuininations. Simi-
lar rejoicings took place on the following day on the
installatiou of the Regency of the empire named oi
the Previsional Junta, until the €ortes assemble and
occupy the throne of our desired Emperor, in con.,
formity with the treaty of Cordova, which has been
sworn to by the different corporations, and conse-
quently by the public voice of the nation, which has
recognized the merit of the persons 11 ho compose the
Supreme Junta of tile Government and Regency of
the Mexican empire.

LIST OF THE lIEMNERS CHOSEN NV THE GENERAL IN-
CHIEF OF. THE ARMY TO COMPOSE THE SUPREME
JUNTA OF THE GOVERNMENT, UNTIL THE MEETING
OF THE CORTES.
Antonio Joaquin Perez, Bishop of Li Puebla de los Angeles.
Mariano do Altnanza, Councillor of State.
Juan O'Donoju. Lieutenant General of the National Armies,
Grand Cross of the Orders of Charles 111. and Sim Hetmenegildo,
Captain General and Political Chief of the Kingdom, to enter
into the Junta as soon as his public reprmentatiou by the said
employments shall ceaae.
Alanud Buis de la Barcena. Archdeacon of the Cathedral of
Valladolid.
Altana.. Monteagudo, Rector of the University, and Canon of
the Metropolitan t hurch.
Isidro lanes, Judge of the A udiencia of Mexico.
Juan Franci4.o Accurate. Advocate.
Juan Jose Espinosa de los Alonteros, Advocate.
Jose Maria Fagogis, llononuy Judge of the Territorial Au-
cholas.
Miguel Guridc y Alcocer, Curate of the church of the Sagrario
of Mexico.
Francisco Seveross Maldonado. Advocate.

Miguel Cervantes y Velase°. Mar
quis tie Salvatierra.
Alanuel tie lieras Sow, Count de Casa de lieraa, a retired
ieutenant Colonel.
Juan Lobo, formerly Regidor of Vera Cruz.
Francisco Nlanuel bunches de Tagle, Regidor of the Ayunta-
iiento,an,iBnretary to the Academy at Sao Carlo*.
Antonio Caina, Advocate.
Jth.: ziorturio,Priest. _ _

•
lion Nlanuel Velasquea de Leon, Honorary Intendant of the

Province.
Manuel Monies Arguelles.
Manuel Sotarriva. Brigadier of the National Armies.
Jose Mariano Zardeneta, Marquis de S. Juan de Rayaa.
Ignacio Garcia illueca, Advocate.
Jose Domingo ltuz, Judge of the Audience of Guadalaxara.
Jose Maria tiustainente, rented Lieutenant Colonel.
Jove Maria Cervantes y Velasco, retired Colonel.
Juan Maria Cervantes y Padilla, the same.
Jose Manuel Velasquez de la Cadena, retired Captain.
Juan Itortiegoso, Colonel of the National Army.
Niculas Camper°. retired Lieutenant Colonel.
Petiro Jose Humeri, de 'ferteros, Marquis de San Cbristival.
Jose Maria Echevers Valdivisco, M.uquis de San Miguel de-
.kguayv.
%ianuel Martinez Mansilla.Judge of the Audiencia of Mexico.
Juan Jose Gasman, Advocate.
Rafael Suatez Peretla, the same.
Jose Mario Jaurtgui, the same.
Anamipao DuAtuniune, Colonel.
Dr. Isidro Ignacio Icaza.
Miguel &Malta Eitosco. Licentiate.
Tactibaya, Sept. 4, lsstl. JOSE DOMINGiJET.

MEMBERS OF' I'llE REGENCY.
President, his Excellency Senor 1). Agin.lin de Iturbide.
Senor D. J uau O'Doranu.
Dr. D. Manuel Ruiz de la Barcena.
Senor D. 1-idro Yam:.
Senor 1). Manuel Vclasqucz do Leon,

PROCLANIATION.
-rite FIRST CHIEF' or THE IMPERIAL ARMY.
AI !—You are now in a situation to proclaim the
COultitv IndePendent, es I announced to you in Ignala. Already
is the immense space which separates slavery from liberty passed
over, and motion is given to the different springs whereby every
.►ntnican may speak nis private opinion, because the fear which
rt.:tattled sonic isdisiipatixl, the malice which warped the judg-
ment of others is moderated, and the ideas of all consolidated ;
as.o I Lind myself iu the capital of this most opulent empire,
without having left behind streams of blood, ravaged plains, die.
constti:lte widows, or orphan children, coveting %snit execrations
the a •Nwain of their nutters. On the contrary, the principal
provinces of this kingdom have been examiner:, and all, untlbrill
in their rejoicings, address expressive salutations •to the Tri.
guarantee Anny, and vows of gratitude to heaven. Thea 2 de.
inonstrations give to toy heart an ineffable pleasure, and more
tuan compensate the sufkrings and privations of the soldiers,

94d.

Pairs

who have always been active, steady, and courageous. You tsl •
ready know what it is to be free, and you are on the po_bit of
knowing what is to be happy. The Jams will be installed, the
Corte assembled. and the law, on Midi your felicity elopiarlo.
will be sanctioned. I exhort you to Swift the weirdo at abormit
and threats kg extenninatkm. and to sotbowthoso
union and intimate friendship. by year hmlip
to die STaalkOde ;but Alma satlisifaltinant siaads4—
Obdieot relisru.y. you will cos In carom Orb for
01,08111 P Me • work you hears umalerd
NIS MO ; observe siewskestrilbe
vista Arwildip
"T **7 Ir labtiew Os to the
leiv
4,
4, teeetaposol, elf Imi is"ll*
".. goteompetee loom
• • sot
8•14 27-

;

AMERICAN PAPERS. .
An article not worth extracting front the-Pena.
cola Floridian, says that Great Britain and Russia
are in treaty with the king of Spain for the put.•
chase of the kingdom of Mexico, and that the former
power had offered 15,000,0001. sterling. Whether' .
the,purchatte is to be made in co-partnerships, or the
powers are bidding against each other, we are not
infiirmed, although we are told that the deputies of
New Spain had protested against the measure, and
had transmitted the intelligence to Vera Crus
We only notice this foolish story to express our sur-
prise that it should be thought deserving of cut- •
rcncy. If either of the great .Powers of Europe .
thought it practicable at the present day to buy a
nation of 5 or 6,000,000 of souls, without their
consent, what value is it probable they would set
on the conveyance of Ferdinand and the Canes
The Pope's title is quite as good under preset or.
cumstances, and might be had for a trifle. Ham
Mve away this continent ; and as the revolutions*.
exico contend for his supremacy, and that of the
inquisition, they would probably, wader consent
to a transfer from him than to a sale by their old
Sovereigns in Spain. In either case, however, the ,
purchase would be " buying the bear's skin before. •
he was caught," and the statesmen of England and :
Russia are rather too cunning for that, although
they. may not be the wisest in the world.—
York American.
(From the Curacao Currant, ifoy. e 3.)
The following list of vessels lately taken by' -
Spanish cruisers, and sent into Puerto Cabello for
adjudication. where they have all been condemned,
has been furnished to us by a gentleman who was a
passenger on board one of them
American brig Rising Stales, Capt Brown, be-
longing to Somerset ; American sloop Lark, Ca,it.
Gavitt, belonging to Newhaven ; Danish schooner
Charles, Capt. Franciscos, belonging to St. Thomas :
British cutter Ardent, Capt. Stratford, belonging to
St. Thomas.
The English brig rphi.l-cnitr, front Angostura to
Laguira. having sprung a leak off St, Croix, was
was obliged to put into St. John's, P.R , where she
was taken possession of and condemned, probably on
account of her having a number of passengers on
board intended to he landed at Laguira.

One adds and one Flanders mail arrived late
on Tuesday which supply the tidlowing
gence:—
" FROM THE VISTULA, Nov. 20.—The move-
ments of the Persians seem to be connected with a
general plan slatted: Plich has been formed against
the Porte, and in which none of the possible obstacles
have been overlooked. The Crown Prince of Persia,
who made himself quite independent of the &hah.
his father, is recognized as Sovereign of the finest
and richest half of Persia, commands a considerable
part of the Persian army, and is, as it is believed,
provided, with respect to his conquests, with all Ate
guaranL2es that can be desice.l. By these operations
of the Persians, all Asiatic caravans are :t.tercepted
in their way to Constantinople, which must have a
' great influence both on the proviskaning• of the ea-
tal, a ul on the revenue of the state. The extensive
Asiatic plains are preAsely calculated tin. the Persian
Prince display the whole strength of his excaent
cavalry, and enable hint to destroy, in a few act i.ms,
those swarms of infantry, composed of peasantry an •
artisans, hastily colleted. It is thought that new
movements of the AI ehabites are relied upon,
that the Porte-finds itself uttaeked on. all sides.—
It is supposed that the English are muck alarmed
fur their northern Indian provinces.

,• ~
