THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

,24

told the Spaniards we should do ultimately to-
wards them, although circumstances might in
the first case render the act not only neces-
sary, but perfectly justifiable. Sicily is now
placed in the Mediterranean like a mirror, in which
Spain fancies she reads her own fate. She has seen
it for several years subsidized and garrisoned by us,
and consequently free from French invasion. This
prospect yielded hope and encouragement. She now
views it distracted with factions, and attentively
watches what course we shall take. Should we
side with the Court, and consolidate the tottering
fabric of ancient despotism, her patriots will in-
stantly deem us insincere in the cause of freedom in
which they are engaged, fighting not only against
the invaders of their country, but against the
abuses of an old and corrupt Government. Should
we remove the Sicilian Rulers from the post which
they seem to occupy, only to insure the ruin of
their country, take military posession of the island,
and remould its constitution, Spain might at last
give full credit to the incessant insinuations of
the enemy, and blinded by prejudice to the real
merits of the case, would mt see in us the liberal
and disinterested revivers of a nation's ancient inde-
pendence and felicity, but merely deceitful Allies,
who only defended the territory of a weaker Power,
in order, at the hour of adversity, to make it their
prey. Such a belief might lead them to renounce
oar support, without which they must sink for ever
into slavery and ruin.

THE ARMY.
GENF RAI. ORDERS.
Horse Guards, Sept.l6,lllll.

- -
The Commander in Chief has observed with much regret,
that a practice prevails in the army, of recommending officers
who have by their misconduct rendered themselves obnoxious
to. the regiments to which they beiung, to be removed by ex-
change to other c 'rps.
A moment's consideration must convince the Commanding
°filters, that when Officers may be deemed unfit to serve in •
any particular corps, they must be equally unfit to serve in any
other of his Majesty's regiments; and that on these occasions,
through a misplaced lenity towards an undeserving individual,
they arc, in fast, doing a manifest injury to the service at large.
hi order to put a stop to this practise, by which improper cha-
racters are, in some cases, not only Agee tied from justice, but
retained in the army, to the prejudicilf discipline, and to the
disgrace of the military profession, his Royal Highness com-
mands, that with every paper recommending an exchange, a
certificate shall be forwarded by the Colonel, or Commanding
Officer, to the following effect :
" I, A. B. (Colonel), Lieutenant-Coloneli, Major, or Captain,
commanding the Regiment, do hereby certify on my
word and honour as an Officer and a Gentleman, that the ex-
change recommended in the papers now -accompanying this
Certificate does not originate in any Re:imental proceeding
of any kind, or in any cause affecting the honour and character
of , nor aro there are any grounds of personal
objection to the individual, of which I am aware, that have
in the smallest degree indaced an application for such ex-
change."
No recommendation for an exchange will hereafter be attended
.to, unless accompanied by a certificate, according to the above
form addressed to the Commander in Chief, through his Mill-
tary Secretary. By command of his Royal Highness the Com-
manderia HARRY cALvERT, Adj. Gen.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE'.

FRENCH PAPERS.

P.taxs, SEPT. 18.—Last Sunday his Majesty held a Council of
Ministers at Compeigne, after mass.
On Monday he presided at a Council of Commerce.
It is thought their Majesties will quit Compeigne this week.
His Majesty will set off on Wednesday or Thursday next, and
Boulogne is supposed to be the object of his journey. It is add-
ed that the Empress will also repair thither.
We hear of a speedy formation of a corps of Lancers, consist-
ing of twelve regiments. Every body remembers the terror and
disorder which was spread through the English army by the
Polish Lancers at the battle of Albuera. What effects, therefore,
may not be expected from the powerful organization given to
that force ? Several dragoons and chasseurs will enter this new
corps, and the command will be given to one of our Generals fa.
mous for brilliant actions.
COMPIEGNE, SEPT. 15.—T0-day, after mass, the following
personages were presented to take the oaths to his Majesty :
The Dike de Cadore, Minister of State, named Intendant-
General of the Crown; Baron de la Hessaye. General of Divi-
sion ; Baron Michel, General of Brigade ; Baroa Boyeldieu,
General of Brigade; Baron Deriot, General of Brigade, head of
the Etat-Major of the Guar I.
HEI.DER, SEP I . 7.—Five sail of the line of the Texel squad-
ron, the Prince, Zoutman, Brabant, Rotterdam, Jean de 'Witt,
and the corvette Venus, set sail on the sth, under the orders of
Admiral de Winter, Commander in Chief of the fleet.
This division, after having manoeuvred the whole of the day,
and performed divers evolutions, anchored at night on the Bres-
wyd, between Scalpe Gat and South Western Gat.
The enemy's cruiztrs, of six sail of the fine, a frigate, and two
brigs, were in sight.
As soon as they perceived the movements of the Imperial
squadron, they set all sail towards the South Western Gat, and
sent off a brig, which was lost sight of in the west.
The next day, at day-break, we saw no more than three sail
of the line, two frigates, and a brig; the French squadron set
sail again,and passed the whole day in niantruvring.
BI,ACKEN BERG, SEPT. 6.—On the 40, three sail of the line, a
frigate, and corvette, of the Scheldt squadron, one of which car-
ried the flag of Vice-Admiral Missiessy, beat to windward of
the mouth of the river, to chase a frigate and sonic of the enemy's

corvettes cruising.
The enemy's division was separated from our's by a narrow
sand-bank, and we saw all his vessels fire several broadsides at
one of our ships of the line more advanced than the rest. The
latter replied by a broadside, which made them bear away right
before the wind.
Admiral Missiessy, having weathered all the sand-banks, put•
sued the enemy till night.
ANTWLKY, Seer. 16.—Arrived this morning several detach-
ments of grenadiers and Polish lancers of the In:perial guards;
100 horses of the Emperor's stud are also arrived. The cavaliers
of the guard are to set off to-marrow for Holland, where pre•
parations are making for the reception of their N; ajestics.
DRESDKN, SEPT. B.—Hitherto there have not been great
changes in the commercial system of Russia, although we have
received at different periods, letters from Petersburgh, Riga, and
other places, that announce great modifications in the prohibitory
Ukase relative to foreign merchandize. One of these letters
pretends that the first plan that was submitted to l,is Majesty by
the Minister of Commerce was nut adopted, and that a new
commission was appointed to propose modifications. There arc,
in truth, some persons of influence in Russia, who would still
maintain the present commercial system ; but we feel the in-
convenience of it too much not to believe that it will be soon
changed. - _
