THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

his daughter, an adept in every science, is so foolishly romantic
as to rim away with her cousin, Boldface Suckling (LiwroN), a
silly, ignorant fellow, whose only fundy is cookeiv, but who, under
Aspic's tuition, learns a set speech which he. brinss forth on the
most incongruous occas'a :s, and after causing the expedition to
Gretna to tad, by obstinately stopping to dine on the road, is at
last nutted to his love by het relenting faller. Meanwhile, Damper
'Worms Templeton that a sudden run has taken plave on his house in
town, and that unless he can meet the payments he must become a
bankrupt. Templeton owns himself ruined : bailiffs are seen ap-
proaching the house; Aspic, who thinks they are come for him,
rushes in for protection, but finds 7'nospielon and his wife in posses-
sion of his common-place book in winch he had severely censured her
vanity and her folly. He is ordered to leave the faonil- lie has t slim-
ed by Templeton, who at the time he gives himself up to the officers,
receives a letter informing him that an old friend of his, Mr.
Cleveland, who hail made a will in his favour, has just died of a tall
from his horse. He instantly repairs to his house, examines the
will, but finds an unstamped paper, in which Cleveland fitated that
he hart learnt that Rosine was the child of his daughter whom he
had turned out of doors for marrying a Frerch emigrant, Count
Fakirs (Mr. Youtin), and whose parents were supposed to be dead.
To her, therefore, he bequeaths's, but in au illegal manner, all his
wealth. Templeton secretes the paper, and only shewing the will,
is set at liberty by the bailiffs. Meanwhile Films returns in search
of his (knight r, and finding with whom she has eloped, pursues
her seducer. Overwhelmed with fatigue, lie begs for relief at
Broadcast's cottase, who tin ling that he is a Frenchman, at first
' declares that he shall never enter his doors, but is nn the eve of
relenting, when he discovers who he is, and refuses him on account
of his having run antsy with Cleveland's (laughter. Fillers, how-
ever, afterwards saves his boy (Master CHAPMAN) fro ii drowning,
and Broadcast becomes his best friend, and prevents him from
tightirg a duel with Vwfng Templehm, whom lie meets contem-
plating lioshie's picture, which he snatches away from him. Charged
with the rehbery of the picture, is led to Sir Gay's mansion
by Broadcast, who is also a petty constaMe. Here he discovers his
dansliter, and learns that, although imprudent, she is still innocent.
tile Gny tskes them both to Mr. Templeton's, to learn the truth of
the charge laid against ritiars by the young Templeton. The rank
of the Comet is resealed, as well as the ruined situation of their
affairs. The young man recalls his charge, and Mr. Templeton, who
hail been a prey to rtaimrse ever since he had secreted Cleveland's
codicil, now pis:duces it. tears the will, and gives himself up a
second time to the sheritl's (Avers: but Damper iliforms him, that
by throwing his name and fortune a second time into the firm, he has
stopped the run on the baakineshouse at repelled bauktuptcy. /Jo-
sine nal Voting. Templeton-are then united, and the Count terminate'
the pl iy by lamenting the slavery of his native land, and expressing
a fervent hope that the peace of the world pay be restored.
This pint is varied, but so skilfully arranged as not to appear
complicated. The flow of incidents is natural, and the interest
which they create,. con-ides-able. The characters are generally
well drawn, bat not all well selected. We do not know that vul-
gar gluttons like Banifnee, arc so frequent as to render public chas-
tisement net l'AFaty to e'll'ek the increase of their numbers. But we
arc sure that there is nothiny; piessing in their appearance on the
Stage. and still less any probsbilify iu making them be fallen in love
with. Neither is it pos'ibie that the i.i phew of a Baronet should
be so ignorant as Sach-ling is represented ; fin- however grovelling
his inclinations may be, its rank and fei tune mast secure him some
instruction, beyond the knowledge of pans and kettles. All Ds-
TON'S skill (amid not p' event this ch,aactei from being occasionally
disssisting. Broadcast is sketAed and fini lied with the hand et a
master. Fah of honest national piejnilice, which, when sincere,
becomes almost a vtstile, we see -in him the blunt patriotism,
that pi izes Eoland ahoy:. all other soil ; the independent spirit,
tint thinks for it•eifsand the Ceiling heart that sympathises with the
woes of ot:a rs. The character of the Cora/. is equally h ippy, and
skilfully contrasted. Polished in his 111i111111, liberal in his senti-
nts, he meets romke with resignation, oppa,es sense to preju-
dice, and to insult, the dignitssof misfortune. The scenes between
these two peromiees, besides the' rxce:!ence of the acting', Are the
most of in the Play as taes si% e a eictitre of eatnre, nbil,t
the others only paint common life, its. peliey of which is to
(da k and distort. it not to erase alt the sylepathiss et' Lactose.
Broudeasi's boy, who teacUes his father the benefits of a :',OOl edu-
cation. both 0 oral explaodtioo. tivally, by dsteeting
in an ammnt an error of silt. weir!' he ot• :ove lust h)
,et-
Dormice, is a dram -O
atic novelty, and slier. lds hdrodueed.
he
part wan pert's, wed by Master Cu %Pa tin ith iliet/11111)401 ice
ling
and eavressioa. Damper,. to the pui,susiit satire of Tenraddocki
