THE NATIONAL AtGlitrit

ABoLITION or SLAVERY.---Mr. S. WORTLEY pre-
sented a petition from Bradford, Yorkshire, fur theabelition of
slavery.
Mr. LITTLETON presented several similar petitions, from
Stockdale, &c. He wee snare of the delicacy et the subject,
but lie knew of nothing that could stied iti the way of that ha-
. prescriptilde rights of man.
Siuriler petitions against slavery were presented from Hors-
ham, lilierborite, Darlington, South Shields, Roan Mem!,
Wakeffeid, Yorkshire. Sunderlend, Stockdale, Welling,
Chippen Norton, Lancaster, Buintriee, Chester. Matlock,
Belper, Stowe Market, Xeitdal, Truro, Preston; Huddestielti,
Shellield, &c.
Lord A. HAMILTON postponed his resolutions regarding
Scotch comity representation till Tuesday next.
BEER TRADE. —M r. W. LAMB resettled • petition from
farmers and ethers of the county of Hertford, praying for a free
sad 'open trade in beer. Peettiuu read and ordered to ha
printed.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition from Maidstone,
against the duty on coals.—Ordered tube printed.
Mr. LINDSEY presented • petition front Dundee, &c.
against the linen laws.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented alienate* from Kirkcudbright,
against the duty on coals and slates.
SLAvERY,—Mr. P. BUXTON postponed till Thursday,
May 13, his motion reapeeting the ebulition of awry in the
British dominions. He could not k,ain postpone it on my
..coount.
' Lord NUGENT postponed till the 28th his motion respecting
English Catholics ; —to extend to them benefits similar to these
possessed by the Roman Catholics of Ireland.
1 Mr. BROUGH.ISI presented a petition from Win. Cobbett,
praying the House to pause before it legalized the sale of game.
and imploring the House to take into consideration the game
laws. The case was argued in the petition with great force.—
'The petitioner said that in Berkshire jail there were 77 prison-
-1 os, 22 of them for poaching, nine of thew having been com-
mitted by clergymen, as me„istrates. At Winchester two
prong men had been hanged fur resisting game keepers.
Lord PALM EItSTON said, that one of Sloe . persons was
bulged for murder, the other fur shooting at a pate-deeper.
Mr. IIIt(AJGHA3I said, it was evident that the object of Mr.
Cobhett was not to justify the murder ; it was to condemn such
harsh, laws.
Mr. BENET (Wilts) observed, that the game laws required
alteration.—Ordered to be printed.
. , Several other petitions for the abolition of slavery were pre-
sorted from Evesham, Tewkesbury, Newcastle-upon-Tyre
jakirred by 3,00 U persons.) &c.—Ordered to he printed.
Mr. it BERCROSIBY postponed till June 3, the motion res.
petting James Murray, Borthwiok, (Scotland.)
The report of the Grand Jury Presentment* Bill was ordered
to be presented on Monday.
lasts Iresnitltatrtun.—Mr. GOULBURN gave notice, that
on Monday next he should move for leave to bring in • bill to
renew the Midi Insurrection Act.
limn IN4UIRY.—SHERII7 TMORPE.—Mr. CALCRAFT
-moved the' the House go into a committee to resame We Irish
eisquiry.—.sgreed to.—Order read.
Sir R. HERON took the Chair.
The Clerk of the Crown, Dublin, sad Mr. Sheriff Cooper,
were ordered to be called, but they did not appear.
Mr. WI LLIAMS then moved that Mr. Sergeaut Harris be
Galled.
Sheriff Cooper appeared at the bar. Its had struck Mr.
Pool freer the panel, in consequence of Mr. P. haring called on
witness. Ile mentioned the subject to Mr. Sheriff Thorpe ;
he thought Sheriff Itiorpe might—and he might not—object to
Pool on account of his political opinions. lie had not attributed
such conduct on the part of Sheriff Thorpe, in • conversation
with Mr, O'Reilley. The Under Sheriff was Mr. Whistler ;
witness agreed with the Sub• Sheriff. The profits were on the
receipts made by Mr. Whistler's payments quarterly,to witness.
Such payments had been made.
By Mr. BRIGH r.—Witness and Sheriff Thttrpte'were of
different political opinions ; but they eventually • agreed in re-
jeetinc Mr. Pool's name front the panel.
By •Mr. PieRNKECT.—He could not say whether be or
Sheriff-Thorpe first suggested Mr. Pool's rejection. It was in
consequence of some complaint from Pool ; but he could net
say exactly what the complaint was. He could nut say that
Mr. Pool complained of a breach of promise. He was not sure
therSheriff Thorpe had promised to place Pool on the panel.—
From what he had since learned lie believed that Pool had re•
seived such • remade.
Mr. Itlauslield was called and examined at length. Hie tes-
timony went to show that the jury was undo* occasion formed as
SS reamer occasions ; had known instances of persons applying
to be put ongrand juries. The jury on this occasion was as
respectable as on former trials. Mr. Carpenter, ono of them,
was a victualler. Mr. Archer, another of them, was certainly a
''conciliatory TIM Should not know an Orangeman if lie saw
one. Could not say that Mr. Sheriff Thorpe was an Orangeman.
—Wittman( would have considered it improper to put any indi-
vidual on the panel who had cold he would throw out a bill.—
Had known Roman Catholics on greed juries, but there were
none on this jury. The witness then withdrew.
Col. BARRY wished now to state, that he was about to call
some of the grand jury, and to examine them, hut an they were
sworn to aecresy as to certain matte's, lie dionglit they shoold
he warned that they were riot bound to aliases any queat.uu
which they OW tot think proper.
Upon this proposition a long conversation took Once. It
being contended that if called the jurors would he subject to
the mime exeminetion as other individuals were. After a long
convessati,tn thin question was postponed till tomorrow, and
Cul. Barry said lie would proceed with other witnesses, if the
grand jury should object to answer.
Sir U. WHITMORE was called in and examined by Col.
Barry.—Was not an Oiangeman, but a friend to concilivtien—
recollected the proceeding of the grand jury with respect to
these bills.—There was no party feeling.—The object of every
one appeared to be to discharge his duty fairly—heard • report
that Sheriff Thorpe had said he had an thatige Jury in his
pocket ; had couveremien with the Sherilf—ant if be mild
have seen the least resson to believe ti.e S ieriff had slime so,
he would nether.° acted one moment ou the Jury, and lie told
the Sheriff so.
In auswer to questions put by different members, tbo vitrii as
said be was one of those who held in revzrenee the memory et
King Willis.. It had been usual to 'tree", the statue; and
witness believed the riot at the theatre originated in the Sri-
tation caused by the Government preventing that ceremony
taking lilacs.
Some ot!.er witnesses were examined, and at the astral hour
the House resumed. The Chairman reported progress, and oh-
Wined leave to sit again.
'Pie oilier orders were then dispelled of, and die House
adjourn, d.

Trruiw.,*.v, 14,
W. H. SUMNER, lur an ilon. w •,.o .r (Mr. Martin, av• be•
