POETRY.

THE HUMBLE. PETITION f?E' SALLY SI7IIS TO THE MEMBERS
01 PARLIAMENT AGAIN 9T THC SOAP.TAX.
ti !MAI' Sirs! I most humbly entreat your peitni:•sion
slsi call your attention to this short Petition;
Reflect. ere you vil., for this impost severe,
t low nt.uty pour WaMieri will shed the tali tear ;
Instead of the anu which reevail'il ;it the tub,
TIo.)•11 %veep Auld lanalit as .vour liven rub
Al.! with goap—cover'd lianas wipe their as they fill,
Till bliad they all art as It it ormt in a mill :
Tit W 4•11.3 and !out will to them ala. the ‘ante,
A liaise who :o frothy tribe will Almtr cruelty
If cLus you %attic, I heartily hope
pa low, ere Tun fix thi> vile ta ii Soap :
The slippery subject attentiou
tit MOO whnnyott VOL,: titme With dew! panda;
'llli,, claim. yogi. regards more that: /mauls or studs,
SO Sill I remain ) our obedient SAIL SUDS.
Laidadress, Soaphosise.court, . Lath.

An article, (lama from Vienna, ment:ons the assem-
bliwr', of a Russian army of 160,000 men on the south-
ern frontier; of the Russian Empire, which has excited
the attention of the neighbouring, Powers; but it is
added, that all the answers of the Cabinet of PeLers-
burgh have ken satisfactory, and such as might be ex-
pected front the great and faithful Alexander.
One of the Paris Papers contains a copy of the Defi-
nitive Treaty between Austria and Bavaria.. The latter
surrenders the flausruskviertel and the iamviert,:l, the
Tyrolian Bailiwick of Vils, and the Duchy of Salsbourg ;
and receives in exchange the disalets of Deux-Fonts,
Keisottiautern, and Spire ; the canton, town, and fortress
of Undau, and some other territories.

The Banditti in the Roman States arc carrying their ex-
cesses to such a pitch, as almost to " look Rebellion."
'f laze is-a r.►ost extraordinary account of a Mr. Lamberti
b2irr,r, condemned to death fin- writing, and intruding to
paididt, a History of the latter Years of Rome; hut
the Pope had mercifully commuted his punishment.
Marshr.i 'Mother Duke of Treviso, had a full from his
inrse at ?axis, which caused ;neat apprehension for his
S.T.,eral of Buonaparte's old friends have recently
experienced a like accident.
Accounts from Laval, of the 2d instant, state, that
the Monks of I.d*Ttappe have been joined by an Illus-
trious personage, in the person of the owe notorious Ba-
ron Gecamb, who has most heroicallyrenounced the pomps
and vanities of the world, to embrace the monastic life:
he is now so pious in ids behaviour, that the others take
him for a model ! !!

I hapont, the •lancer, has n.turned to Paris ; having,
it is said, realiski a property of about 20001.,a year.

It is not genimally known, that the eekbretcd Talma,
the lictuble of the French Stage, is .urt Esag•listiman.
He attaind his t'-oth year before he left Fneiantl.
The States of.(;aernsey have voted the orection of a
superb ridir-an, 2e a tribute of g'72.titUlle and remembrance
to Sir J. I)nylt!,•thelr late Goverior. ' _ .

Sir G. Drummond, Governorof Lower Canada, has is-
sued a Proclamation, restoring the trade between that pre-
vince and the United States to its limner footing.
At the late irstailaticn ofthe Peewit Academy, M. Cu-
ter, Perpetual Secretary.,•read some observations on the
progress of the sciences, and their relations with society.
The following remarks of kis on application of the steam- '
engine mar give rise to seem reflections in the mind of
the English reader :—"A vessel has crossed the sea with-
out mils, without oars, without stamen. One man to
ke(zp up the fire, antosbcr to guide the belra, arc :dl its
.crew: is propelled by .an internal force, like an anima-
ted boing, like a bird of the sea floating cm the waves—
to use the cuptein's exptertion. Even. one perceives to
what an extent this invention will simplify the navigation
of out rivers, and the raving it may create in men and
horses : but we may he also permitted to leol. forward to
cm.auences more rt mete, and perhaps ef 'higher im-
pertanves.--namely, the churl* which may result from it
iu mairtime war, and the Tower of maims. it is ex-
tremely probable that it would he placed, at sow,. future
dime, in .the list of those experiments which hitve changtxl:
the fite.• of the globe."
Among the extruvrdinary and imprecetkatui oecurren-
ces, http,,o, ening in these eventiniiirres, may be mentioned
the dewatiathm which :at 011:cer fa: exalted rank experi-
enced, not long since, ft r dishononrtble conduct, prove('
Mt (tie 1 of public opinien, us well es• that ofjostie,.. Tt,
our oTeut surprise, we now ;t3trit, '('haft another
(Aunt- (whose name Las beeneoutimtally before
our eyes, in pint) is shortly to be pnliiie7y disgraced—
he is to be striped of all his hop:wry—and his name struck
out of the Army List. nit judicial expesiion.of the offend-
ing party is al-and; . ttma, time net prcofibeing wan tir ;
but eneugh is kma to jnstify the deduct of Ow higher
powers; and at the Fume time demonstrate, that neither
titles nor riches tan screen (Minders from merited punish-
ment. Ite reported Enture of tie present elli:nee is c
must decline statiog.

A young 2uir iippr.rent of distinction ha!, it reported,
recently Cullen into fix srruc :;et Cor him by tiro nelepts
in the g,tienve of deep yllv, ovulints 'bven liyevarro/ to
the n.raolint of :.0,0001.: but it its princirmlly.minding
as a debt of /romper, for the payment of which A.c
r is Lnii-,LicrnMe I nlergli ne i,Ler to fill
• •:, elf ..f
.

_THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

DRAMATIC REGISTER.
DRURY LANE.

A Piece called a Fairy Tale, in two Acts, entitled,
05ertnes Oath, or The Paladin and the Princess, was pro-
duced at this Theatre on Tuesday for the first time.
The scene is laid near Bagdad, where the hero of the
piece, represented by Mr. T. COOKE, win:; the affections
of the Caliphs daughter, Miss NASIN By the super-
natural agency of a female deity they escape from the
fury of the Caliph ; but the hero is shipwrecked in the
territory of the Grand Sultan, where he is, with his ser-
vant, consigned to slavery. Here Zorsdina, the favourite
Sultana (Mrs. Otteett), meets him in the garden of the
palace, and males love to him ; but her passion being
slighted, she attempts to stab hint in revenge, when the
Sultan and his guards break in and arrest her aria. He
is then ordered with his mistress, the Caliph's daughter,
for execution; when the lovers are again extricated by
the same supernatural agency, and the piece concludes.
The music, which is by Mr. PAttur, is very pretty.—
Miss NASH had several aim, which she executed with
great taste and delicacy. Her last song possessed peculiar
sweetness. The dresses aril decorations are splendid, and
the scenery rich, beautifal, and diversified. With all
these advantages however the piece, from its great length,
went off heavily. On the fall of the curtain an opposition
was made to its announcmnent for repetition, and Mr.
RAE was loudly called far. On presenting himself, he
expressed a wish to knew the pleasure of the audience.
Some voices exclaimee," Repeat !" others " No !"
Mr. RAE then said, as there was a difference of opinion,
he hoped the audience would give the piece another trial.
Loud approbation, mixed witis partial discontent, suc-
ceeded.—The House was crowded to excess.

The nest Oheron's Galli was received throughout
with unmixed applause. It Was greatly' improved by
judicious curtailment: ; and the beauty of the dresses and
decorations, with the general gaiety of the piece, are likely
to make it a popular entertainment.

SONG.
SA, rarmin frlvrstmal.
Conld seas and rivers turn to nine,
To gratify a toper's %sigh,
A mailer's life would be divine,
And all the folks would drink like Ads.
Manly nn eelskin full of drink
Would twig anions the joyou. shoal,
Tipsylidt Woburn eun'ti thick
To frisk it with u jovial !init.
'Jere a hafehMlalian brood
Of prawn. and lohger..trangely tlekle.l,
('.trp is claret nicely Inv n 'd.
And our lirrriutts rest ly pickl'd.
Tul de rol,
