KIMIL6OI/DINAIT CASE OF UTTERING,
.I,OIIOLD NOTES.

Ou Friday two youn•t (hem named Gatlin and Eistep,
were charged with uttering forged notes in the shop of
Messrs. Flint and Co. haberdashers, of Fish-street-hill,
.knowing the same to be forgeries.
Henry Lee, a shoputaii in the firm, stated, that 011
%Vednesdey evening, anoot six o'clock, a 111411 it the
dress of a waterman Caine 1010 the shop and purchased
a silk handkerchief, and a pair of stockings, itt payment
for which he tendered a 11. note (which he took from a
roll of notes) and received change. As soon a..
WJLeflthill was gone, a woman cave to 111111
and lootr.tht some stockings of the same description, :Or
w men Si it aisll pani a 11. note, and rec• ived Inc change.
Ai inc note Sin: len the ahoy the onnirsa ohaeri.d utr
'dimmer (,auto, had (VOW 111 at the SUM(' if illt•
the wattnuao, aaking for some su.ckirigs at the %wont,
coulter: n being 111 S 1/0011lee to sell that article no
Called him over to hit sow. The Irrisoner came,
puff itasegt a pail of stockings oi. lilt Sjins: icier' ph 11111 os
the waterman had -

I lie 'mits mentioned (wing all of the sawe Hass in
boyme the same articles, and CO kkk /kk g 111 together,
excited the suspicions ul the witness, who ins; ei ie.
the note minutely, and suspecting it to be a forgery, h,e
placed a guard at tile door to piety's' the 141X/11,1e
escapite., and sent for an oiliver. As s—on us the pr.sn-
Orr untierstias what was going • OrW4 01, hr attempt. dto
'Audi out of the door, and make his escape, but at• i
desperate struggle, he was prevented, and
searching hint lOs. oil. was found iu his posssssion
lie *sts dhe was a wale ritiait's eppi eii tit e. and Odd kvii
the note froin a gentleman in payment for de late.—
The rir.tsmi lie did nut pay ,for the articles us ',dye!
wat, because hr wanted more change. Its toaster's
name was Halt Igloo, and he lived at Si. Canicritte's.
41 r. Thomas ktint, jun. cotroborJted toe statement 0
last witness.

An Inspector belonging to the Bank of England
proved the note to he a forgery in every respect.
The prisoner made the same defence as to the
shopinan.
The prisoner Elstep was-charged separately
The former witness, H. Lee that about half an
hour alter the prisoner Garrat war taken to prison, he
saw the prisoner Elstep come itito the shop, and suspect-
ing him to lie one of the same party, he mentioned his
suspicions to a fellow shopitian, and watched the pri-
soner; when seeing hint tender a one pound note, he
went up to I , and took it out of his hand. Seeing
the note had the same signature as the other notes, he
had the prisoner taken into custody.
The account which he gave of nimself was, that he
was a journeyman cooper:and lived with his 11110' her a
No. 14, Snow's-fields, front whom he had received the
note in change that morning. He afterwards said, he
had received it front hr r about a week since : he was a
single nun. _ _

William Hughes, a shopmatt to Messrs. Flint's, said,
he went to the residence of the prisoner's mother, whom
he Miami as chi ected. Ste did 111)1 recollect having aieert
her $O.ll a note in chauge latterly, she had some u•ne
since given notes iu clieige to him ; she said he was a
orrictl man, and did not reside with her.

The limpet..tor of the amies roved the ito,e to be a
fontery In every respect, as were those ita-red by the ,V -
terma II and woman, Ttt y were alp exceetliattiy
rXVellieli, an much an, liiat it wa-4 supposed that rum,
not u Bank Itt4l.ector could lit tee, theta.---The prisoners
%%err remmitltql ,or tea 'her

TOWN HALL, SuU fiIWARK.
du Friday a labouring snail itainvd Fagan or Hagan,
ireiuding In Deptford, came to the Justice-men, and

-

309

gave information that one of his children had been
stolen from him under the following eircurnctances :
Ott ‘Vednesday last his wife, whilst walking through
the Broadway, near the Greenwich-roar) accompanied
by their little Itoy, about three years old, was accosted by
a decent middle-aged woman, who asked her for a pin,
and accompanied ner, chatting a considerable put of her
way home, when they were about to part, the stranger
pressed her to take a glass of rum and shrub, which his
wife at first refused, hut at length consented to drink, •
and they repaired to a public house for that !Purpose.
Whilst they were in the pubiic-house, the woman took
great notice of the child, saying it was a beautiful boy,
mid asked how many c hil rest she had, to wmets she
auswereci that she had three. The %%moan then called!
Mr a pint of purl, for all of which she paid ; and its it
was then near Muir o'clock, she expressed her truss Vb. g-
uess to go to London that night, and inquirW if she
knew any place where she could lodge. His wife having
recommended her in a souse its Newaitreet, and leaving
given brr her own address, accompanied with err-grim
that she woulitcall on her next morning before she cams
tf, town, ivent home. Next ongoing, a little after ten,
she cause, and told his wife that she sad kin very core.
fortable where she had sent her to, sent for half a pint
of gin, which She paid for, although much pressed by his
wife not to do so. -Whilst they were droll:Mg the gin she
distributed a few halfpence amongst the children, who
immediately ran out to purchase something for their
money, and in the interim she took her departure. In
about go mioutes afterwards the eldest child returned,
and being questioned concerning his tittle brother, said
that he had been met at the door by the lady, who gave
him sixpence to purchase more cakes, and undertook the
care of the child iir the mean time. Search was made
for her, btu in vain, and the poor woman was half fran-
tic for the loss of the child. When the father returned
home at Hight he made inquiry through the neighbour
hood, and learned that a person answering the descrip-
tion had been 9een ou the Lower Deptford-road; he
pursued through Rotherhit he, making inquiry at the
likeliest places to gjin Mformation, and he received in-
form:: 'km that 'he had stopped at a public-house near
Doekhead, but iri•!e no great delay, and here he lost
all trace of her. She was dressed in a brown cotton gown
with yellow spots, red silk shawl, and black bonnet.

A few days ago three robbers broke into the house
of Mr.- Currall, at Wood-Green, and plundered it
of silver spoons, table cloths, wearing apparel, and
several other articles. They entered at the back of
the house, and just as they had packed up their spoil,
the family heard a noise, and one of them sprung a
rattle. The villians rats off with the utmost pre-
cipitation, and utithrtun.itely escaped At sonic
distance from the house they disencumbered them..
selves of some of the property; but their persons
are known, and they are likely to be discovered—
One of them was a lusty fellow in fail- eluthes.
Another of them left the mark of his toot on the
earth, which is •hort and remarkably brt.ad.
ROBIWKIES.—An extensi"e robbery took place
one night last week at Edmonton The house was
stript, and even the lead curried ()ff. One man is in
custody, and several others are supposed to be
im-
plicated. Tuesday night the hair was cut irons the
manes- and tails of several horses at Bow Farm;
and there have been many burglaries committed at
Hernsey A naval gentleman's lodgings at Dept..
ford were broken open, and his watch stolen. The
villians were in the act of carrying off his clothes,
hut being alarmed they left the latter behind them.
Several London house-breakers are supposed to be
coinmitting their depredations in villages near town,
of whom the road patroles we hope will soon give
a good account
RIOT AT CAMEIRIMIE.—FritIay the election fur
the Borough of ambridge took place. The candi-
dates were, Col. French and Mr. Adeane. Col
French, after polling for about half :Oa hour, was
duly elected, and afterwards chaired with the usual
formalities. Until dark the town was quiet, and
the people drank the election ale with propriety;
but about live o'clock a mob assembled before the
inn where W. French put up, and from hootings
and yells proceeded to demolish the windows of
that and the neighbouring houses. The contests
between the special constables and the rioters were
frequent and severe, and were carried on principally
by torch light. At eight o'clock the Riot Act was
was read, and the members of the University wets
ordered to retire to their respective colleges. The
order, however, was not complied with until very
great disturbances took place between them and the
townsmen. Large bodies of constables, with.
flaming torches, continued to parade the streets until
ten o'clock, when all seemed perfect
Several of the rioters had been taken in
.s
Thursday, as Mr. J Clarkson, to. • the-.
Ordnance Department in the citadel at . hod
just taken the place of a workman in making a slight
alteration in the draw-bridge, at the entrance of the
citadel, from Drypool, the bridge being drawn up a
short distance, the chains gave way, and the bridge
fell upon Mr. C. with such violence that his head
and thighs %sere nearly cut• oft', between the two
parts of the bridge, which were closely wedged to-
gether within two or three inches, so that the point
of a handspike could not be got in to separate therm.
Mr. Clarkson was aged 58, and formerly a mastu.
builder in Hull. •

. lS

4:TI

SIURDIOI IN GLOUer.STiotsittisE.—Alsoot two yea7s
sass t police (Aker, named Tiumspson, arcompanied b'
/mother constable, went to appreltet.d In" brothers,
stained Thinner, upon a charge Is:hilly. The Thstrners
were most tlesih rate eh meters, and a emulous:ll terror
of the inhabitams of the neistilmmrlsood where they
lived, near Gloucester, tel were In (pettily heard to
sae. that no Nlagistrate or °nicer dared to take ;hens,
or if they would have the trmierity ici :mewl), it, their
tort tit thirAer. "fhotniNtltt, reirdrtilet•s
:twit threats, male the attempt, bat itig met. .ly dis-
cos crest their retreat ; he succeeded, with his brother
4.11 i t-r. in seizing them both, when. comrary to all
expecunimis, they in inifestell crest readiness in going
with them, and 5111 tttt it ling. to the LW% of their coontry,
at the same same, protesting their innocence, and alleg,
tog its it tits-ir ores ions had character was •Miiily the
l'iuse of stepiviosi of [Skit guilt Thompson was J1)0111
11/ 11;111C1Cliir his prisoner, when the exclaiming,
•' There is no 41ccasims for visa.," suddenly pulled a
pistol from underneath his coat. and shot him d ad
noon the spot, and made leis ess-ape; the os:ser constable
11.1611 A already seesited his prisoner, conveyed lints away.
'rite inorderer .cossltl i..( be heard of since, alit h
very large reward has bee" offered for his a, prehemism,
Idl a !eW _days bga, as a Gloucestershire man was acci-
dently passing by the Coy Ca lai. at Mile-end,
hint to statist, like many others• to see the
work. when :.e observed the murderer of 'Thompson
at work among the men. He ins;aittly repaired for
assistance to %Voiship street, where he fetal. d all that
transpired. Cs teed a sit Aritistrolig, the officers,
imutrdl.ueiy accompanied ono to the spot, hut they
Isom.' the bird had down, not wailing esett to settle
Itts accounts. lie was tracttl a consider tide way across
the country, but we ate sorry to state that he has effec-
tually got off. He has beets for twelve sinusitis cusp toy.
est 119011 the works.

1110LICAL ACT.—On the niOtt of Fr day week,
alsen eleven &clock, two wheat stacks, the produce id'
Apt aCreA, standing in the sick yard upon Barley Lands
Farm, in Great Burstead, Essex, w Inch is alum, two
slides I Bill:ricay (belonging to Lord Vette), occu-
pied by Mr. It. Barnard, we (lISCIAL 7. 10 lie WI hit.
'MY. Elias Btritard, the eldest son, returned foul, Bille-
ricay, on root, at the iiistatit the fire 1/1111,C
served the light, then very small, about a quarter r.f a
ittyle before lie 'cached home; bin it incri-aced before
hecould alarm Ms father and the family, who were all
in bed, anti OW two stacks were, by the time he had
roused diem, nearly in a . plete blaze. The young
mita immediately saddled a horse, st hick was in the sta-
ble, and rode to Billericay with the Inmost speed, from
wbence the parochial engine was seta, and with the
assistance of a great auumbet Of pets:i% of all elayses,
who had by that time assembled, the Lire was confined
to the *wefts; but after terry exertion, are little whim
was sat rd, we are apprehensive, is rendered, by the
smoke and water, of no value whatever. We regret must
sincerely, that we are not able to congratulate the public
on the discovery of the vile wretch who was the cause
of this eontiaz,ritt.Mn; bit fur the very laudable exertions
of many respectable characters, and the general good
conduct of tin: labourers, all the buildings must blve
been inevitably destroyed. Mr. Barnard is generally
respected; he liar never employed a thrashing machine.
nor had any dispute with his labourers. The property
destroyed is fully
.covered by insurance in the Lists Fire-
office. During this melancholy scene, the dwelling
I ttttt ses of two or three persons on Sooth-green, about a
mile from the lire, were entered arid robbed; and it is
fairly ,vitiectured, that the depredators were persons con-
meted in the former wicked transaction.

Mr. Richard Flower, a most respectable farmer
fiom Hertfordshire emigrated with his property to
America, and bas bought and settled with his family
on land in the Illinois. From that place, he has
written to his friends, giving an account of the
prospective advantages of the pla..e front the richness
of the soil, tLe salubrity of the climate, and the
cheapness of living, but he justly abhors and con-
dems the continuation of slavery in the United
States, which ought to keep every liberal man
from its shores; and he does not, in. our mind, lay
sufficient stress on the privations which a person
accustomed to the comforts of England must endure.
He can have no recourse to medical aid in case of
malady—nu intellectual enjoyment, for he says there
are no books; anti if they could by their industry
produce in time a surplus of corn, they have no
market nearer than a 'aundred of miles.

Tilt NATIONAL REGISTER.

TO THE EDITOR.

have been much surprised at seeing a letter
in your paper lately, complaining of the sentence against
Cathie, and 111116 more so at seeing it signed " A
Citristiati." I am sure of this, that the eenttnce is
what every real Christian
ern respondent seems to call it merely a difference in
religious opinions that Carlile was prosecuted
forgets that he attempted by the circulation of horrid
plumy to destroy all iteligion,and persuade mankind that
the Holy Scriptures were all a fable—this is certain))
something suture titan a mere difference in religious
opinion, and the sentence pronounced and executed upon
die unhappy wretch certainly stamps a dignity anti
value upon the laws of this country.
1 am,Sir,
Yours respectftaily,
A Constant Reader.
Store Street. Bedford Square, Dec. 3, 1819.
