WAY,: AND MrillION:

Mr:VA/war:me'? Insp. rd the Older of the Day rfor .bhel
Home going into.a Committee of Ways twat also
moved a Its-solution for raisii.g a suns of ..200,0001. by sees of.
Lottery.
Mr. lilt-MILTON opposed this kenlntion, and repeated I&
his. &ricer arguments against this isiodi of raising money,
which he described as most profligate and immortal.
Mr. V.therrrawr deliiided the practice of Lotteries fur
the public aid, on the ei'ound that his predecessors bald re-!
sorteu to the same practices.
Sir M. W. RIDLEV Matt:tided that Lotteries were destruc-
tive of the public mersls.
Sir J. NIMPORT adverted to the conviction of the present
ff Sheri of Dublin, as Actadoi: lathe Dublin Papers, fur illegal
Lottery gambling, he :acing a Lettery 01See Keeper. '
Mr. VANSITTVIIT observed, that he had,tot heard of any
Lottery Office Keeper in Lngland baying been charged with
such a r-:ine.
Mr. liti.,nuncoitca complained of the evils arising (refit
Lotteries,
After some observations from Mr. Howard and Mr. W.
Smith, the Committee divided—Ayes 7:i—Noes 33—Majority:
42.—The Resolution was of course agreed to.—Report to.
.ssiorrow.

• a Committee of Supply, hlr. PEEL 11211VCd the following
Grants for the Service of Ireland : •
80001. for Works at Dunmore Harbour.
50001. for Works at llowth Harbour.
15,0001. for the Fever Pospital.
. 18,4611. for Churches and Glebe Houses.
• 15,0001. for Inland Navigation.
Lord PALM cifirrom then moved the following Grants :
• 207,8131. for Disembodied Militia.
116,6511. for Irish Ditto.
'The Report 10111 ordered to be brought up:
The other o ders of the day. were then discosed of, and the
House atljoasned at twelve o'clock.

TUESDAY.
On the third reading of the Saving Bank Bills, Mr. LAW
strongly objected to the clause now introduced into the Bill,
by which the deposits of individules were confined to<6ol. for
the fi.st year, mid 251. for each succeeding year. The Hon.
fearther was of opinion, this restraint would tend materially
to injure the Saving Banks. He should therefore•move to
omit this clause, and leave it as it at Fescut stood.
Mr. P. MoonE presented a Petition front the Proprietors
of Drury-lime Theatre, stating, that, from unforeseen cir-
cumstances, they had incurred a debt which they were unable
to discharge, and praying for leave to bring in a Bill to enable
them to give-security for. the saute. The Petition was ordered
to be referred to.a Committee.

The Bank Restriction Bill was read a third time and sent
to the Lords By the provisions of this Bill, the restriction
on the cash payments by the Bank is extended to tlie.sol of
July 1819. la the course of the discussion on the 3d reading,
Mr. Lushington, in a reply trea question put to him by Mr.
-Tierney, stated, that the 9,000,0001. advanced to Government
•by the Bank woUld be repaid in the course of the; present
• year. •
DISCHARGE OF MR. FERGUSON.

:Lord A. HANULTON moved that Mr. T. Ferguson should be
brought to the bar of the House to-morrow, so artier to his
,beistdischarged.—Agreed to.
PARLIAMENTARY REFORM..

Air R. Hence rose to bring forward bis Motion on the sub-
ject of Reform in Parliament. His object wonld be to resider
the House, in fact, what it was in name, the Commons Howe
of Parliament. At one period, the corruption of Elections ,
was so universally allowed, that it was sonsidered necessary
Oppose the Act stalled the Grenville Act, to restrain that cor-
ruption. .A eight of petitioning, and tribunals for judging,
were ereetedpbut the expense of petitioning was so great,
that individuals were io many cases unable to seek justice.---4
He was- are .of tie objections which were mode to the
question of.Reforosywhersever it was • brought forward. ;If
brought forward in &time of prowerity, it was said we wasted
no Reform; if brought forward in a time of distress, the
danger of attempting innovation at such a period was urged
against it. Another argoment.against it was, that no two
persons agreed on any plats of Reform; but that was no reason
why we should not go on into enquiry. Parliaments elected
every S year. was the object of his motion. He was not favour-
able to annual Parliaments., be did not consider they were
fitted to the present thues, though they had suited the reign
of a Mary and a Henry. After the Revolution, Parliaments
, I were made trieunial,.and so they continued down to IT IS,
when circumstances arose which caused the duration of Par-
liament to be exteuded to seven years. .The Smptetiuial !ti It
was introduced at a time of loans rectionf with the aye% ed
intention of strengthening the Crown; but this was a teuspo
rary insurrectioo, and the measure adopted to meet it ought
Maass() have been' temporary. The Hon. Gentleman concluded
by moving for Irate to bring is a Bill to repeal the Septeu-
nisi Act.
Sir S. Rossiya folly agreed is the motion of his Houoar.:
able Friend.
Me. W. Sasrni was also is tarsier 44 the motion; and 434
•marticidarly rejoiced in haying this opportunity of declaring
his sentiments on one of the mostßagitious acts of tyranny
and injwake that ever was committed; no.nely, that of a
Pat liawent elected for three years .decidsiag that It woad
exist for strew

MAY 25.

Air. littotion ccukl not silently ht•ar that l'ai !la imut
se harshly desighaied, wine.' hail, by their act, saved its • sta
an itrlntrary and Popish Government. Whether the. did
well in Ili, in &lino in,: the remedy AU long to survive ibe
was souther ynr,tton. .1t; boo ever, the act which had urea
alluded to by his lionorerrable Pritlitl, deserved the elt..ractot
he had given it, so JUL several other great arid beneficial acts,
ivi‘telt had sittee been passid try the Parliainenta at Euglanl
and 11'4 goal.

ilunAe then divided—For the Motion 43—Against it
117—Mniority 75.
ALIEN BILL.

Lord CASTLURBAGII moved the Committee on tLe Alica
EMI.

Mr. llama'? was suirpriied at the burry of this measure
through the •Huese ; and also at the apathy sliewn by the
House to it. It was not tbe•sroalt tier of persons seat
oat of .ttir cotton.). that Was the question of objection to this
ltill ibut thounniber of those who had been prevented c...ming
into it. Me enderstood that it was the practice of foreigners
to write to this country to know whether it ens likely they
would be audired to remain in it. It was absurd to soppose,
that this oeattysteed tunny dangcr from 'the residence of
a handful of foreigners aniongst u 3. tte could not help be_
lieving that this was a measure emanating froin the Holy AL•
hailery it it cualithe called so.

Mr. ki4.llloNdefeediTl this measure. Ministers had never
IterA 'convicted of aarttruelty or oppression under this 81.1„
mid therefore there WWI no.gronuct of oppositiou to it.
Mr. lisTssuner•eoatersied, that the !lame seavans which
iuduced the Minuet° enact this Hill after the peace, existed
smave in as mach farce as then,and.therefore the House ought
to (minuet the measure. They wanted this measure to pre..
seat vise turbulent from coming here.; and that it should be
pnubely knowa that none wuuid be allowed to remain in this
eututtry except the quiet, the honest and the industi ions.—
He simsieti that say one had beets-sent out or prevented from
eoatrugiinto this eanatry at the suggestion of any fureigs
111 r *whatever.

Mr. Lreestrron mentioned the case of a foreigner of con-
siderable property, who was sent out of the country at four
days uotice. This person WAS not accused of plotting against
this country. This measure had a very bad effect on the liberty
ut.this country.
Mr. BATuutisT said, the person alluded to by the het
Speaker use Iles sent unt of the country tor plotting against
the Govermaient, but for practites daugerous to. the piace of
the country.
liestikbY said, this measure would arm this Govern.
meet against a certain political party, obnoxious to fort ign
Goveruments. tiis only view of this measure was, that we
were the ageits and willing slaves of the tyrruuy of foreign
00Vc1 'sinews. It had been and that Ministers had not abused
this power; hut were Ministers such idiots as to abuse the
extes.sionalf, pewee awaited by them in their system of gra.
dually alert-tying the people of their hinnies? Those who
would vote for this NICASI3IO on such ground*, would have no
objection that Proclrmations should have the torce of laws,
provided the power were notabueed.
Mr. Serjeaut COPLEY cuosidered thi. Bill was highly ogees.
sary.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH contended that there aught to be neon:-
mon right of asylum iu all the Strtcs of .Europe. .11 had been
argued that the mend character of some individuals, exiled by
foreign nations being hail, Ibis measure was necessary. A
snore ilaeserous doctrine then this could not Ise. He felt
great sorrow at the earelessuesa nod gaiety with which the
House treated such subjects, so vital to the interests of &de-
fenceless set of men. to fernier times, it was our boast And
glory to be despised by tyrants and slaves, because we did
nut possess tee power of acting tyrannically. But now, this
Bill was passed to keep thelfellovr Dwarf of the Netherlands,
and two.ether Newspapers, and SO exiles, from coining into
this country.
The ArrenNsT-Geseam. contended, that the prerngettive
of the Crown to send out Aliens front the country existed by
the cowmen laigoind by Magna Charts, which says, that mer-
chant foreigners may come into the country, unless prohibited;
showing clearly, that the King had the power of that prohihi.
lion. •l'his measure was one of expediency ; and was the
House prepared to• say, that this country should be made
the depot. tor all.the turbulent and mischievous-spirits of
Europe ?
The Honsatheu divided—For going into the Committee 99
—Against 32—Majority 87.
The House then went into the Committee, whemit was pro-
posed to au up the blank with the words two years" for the
duration of the Bill.—Agreed to.—Adjourned. •
WEDNEIDAY•
A Petition was presented.by Mr. P. Moorifrom Coventry,
praying for an effectual Reform in Parliament, and that the
Members should reader an account of their stewardship to
their constituent,.

Mr. Buns= brought up the Report. of the Committee to
inquire into the state of contagions fever in the metropolis.
The Committee had foetid, that it last .year the increase of
fever had been sevenfold.—The House would learn vt ith sur-
prize, that in most of the hospitals the habit was, to mix con-
tagious fever patients with common fever patients. Some-
times' therefore, fever was . generated among the patients
themselves, of which rsurses, surgeons, physicians, and sta.
dents, had died. It was therefore recommended to Govern-
ment to give an additional sum of 20301. to the Fever Institu-
tion, in order to increase their number of beds from 69 to
100; which would •enahle them to remove the fever patients
fromthe ordinary hospitals altogether. The Report was or-
dered to be printed. -
Lord A. HAMILTON moved that Thomas Ferguson be
brought to the bar of the House, in order to be discharged.
If he had nut known that it was the ordinary duty of the
Speaker to. reprimand a person in Mr. Ferguson's situation,
he should have felt it his duty to have moved a special repri-
mand for his offence.

Mr. Ferguson.beiug brought to the bar,
The SPKAILOR Otated the tuferree of which he had been dr-
elated guilty by the House, and which It listf voted to he a
corrupt attempt to influence the election of a Member .tpf
Parlianteut, and a high breach of time privileges of that
House. Yet the House, in consideration °lbis hill acknow-
ledgment of his offence, and hoping that his punishment would
operate as a warning to hiroself, and an example to others,
had ordered him to be discharged on 'payment of his fees.
Me. Ferguson was then !their front the liar.

• WEST INDIA SLAVES.
Sir S. Roastt.tv ruse tu.ntot•a that certain papers, ielative
to the treatment of Slaves in the island of Nevis, should Lve
referred io a Committee. He was surprised to understand
that this Motion was to•be opposed. It related to the treat-
ment of sluts in the island lie had named; especially of twe
youths, who had beau, punished, as _appeared, with. great at-

u.vr ts.

verity. They were charged with receiving stolen goods ;
namely, some stoeltlneN iztollen by a slave I.l'ool a black woman.
This mime (Wove ved punishment ; but defy were pit Moines
aeith excetsive severity, one receiving 100, Ail the other SO
During tltt ptitii*lntetit,•two female doves, one the
!islet, the oilier the half sisic,, of the young melt, were pr; -
sent. and overcome lir their teal tugs, they shed wino. For.
thia cep; e,oion of feeling they were penis:bed by their mag- '
ter, one with 2:‘, the ether with 20 hielles, with a cart Whip. •
Fur this cruelty the master, by whose order the pahislinient
*as indicted „w as indicted ;when, though all these facts were •
proved by ea itient•e, yet, upon a bat* allegatiog of his 01,>011•
set, feat the women had not Wept from grief, hut that they
had shewa symptoms of riot, and further. that they were at a
negro dative in two days ;0'4.0/arils', lie 'was lie:witted ; and
that in the face of el idenite width went toprove that the men
and women were both treated with so much severity•thet the
blood stremned from them. Now papers relative to • this
transaction, and nottiti of the trial of Mr. Hugging, the master
of the slaves alluded to, hail been' Vent to this conutry, and
these were soft: of the papeei limw'anted ; but he also wanted
the torof the proceedings of the Assemidy in which this
matter had been diventaed. The Assembly of the island con-
sisted of 12 persons, where Mr. Huggins attended as 011 IN of
the Assembly, and matte a speech, which the /tumid, so
much approved of, that hey ordered it to be entered on their
Journals : lint of whom Meths Assembly eousist who took
this impartial review of Mr.- Huggius's condttet? Why, the
Speaker, true of Mr. Huggins's brill for this offence, Mr. Hug-
gins himself, two of Mr. Huggins's oven sons, his other bail,
the physician of the island, view- yeas alga Mt. Huggius's phy-
sician, tie' aeveral other individttaforMais Mends. Yet the
opinion of Otis Assembly was 'lint on whlch this .govern-
thent were•desired to ferns' an estimate Of hir:f.Huggins's
loinianity, which Was described as most extraordinary. This .
paper he also N ished to have, than the House might also have
an opportunity of inquiring Into, and judging of that doer.-
meat, 'the lion. Gentleman observed, that if Mr. Hugeas's
bounanity was stegreat, it wont! be for his honour to hove his
conduct fully investigated. He could not perceive oily dan-
ger which could occur from such an,interforenee as this he-
tweet; master and slaves. Of Mr.• flugglier humanity, be
knew nothing but'hy report ; but it had been stated;that after
the punishment of the men was complete ; he said, " Now ,
-bring out the ladies I" and whilst they were tinder punishment p
he exclaimed several times, in a tat/tiling tour, " Now cry 1"
The Hui. Gentleman concluded by moving for the appoint.
ment of t Select Committee, to inquire into the treatment of
slaves in .':c island of Nevis; and that the papers transmitted
to the Secretary of State, abil to which he bad alluded, should
be submitted to that Committee.
Mr. Gourtrenn oonld not consent to the production of the
papers, but on one coaditon. Mr, Huggins hatialready been
tried by a competent 'tribunal, and acqeittedi lie had no
objection to the papers alluded to being referred to a Com-
mittee, as a subject ground for general enquiry, if the lion.
Gent. would so shove his enquiry as not to revise and retry,
upon imperfect printed evidence, a ease decided by a cow-
petent.trilmaal, on tire roes evidente.
Mr. WILBERFORCZ contended, that the House bad the-
-power, andit was the duty of Parliament, to watch over the
-administration of justtee, both in the colonies and elsewhere.
the Hon. Gentleman commented in strong terms, on the pro-
ceeding which had taken place in the case Crow under con-
sideration, and contended, that it was a case which called
imperiously for in.rtiry: He was ready to allow the Daces-
-pity there was tot the mother country watching over the
*nionies ; biotite highly deprecated these sorts of discussion,
s--these exaggerated details and statements, which were pro-
-elective of the et-rates( mischief in the colonies. Slavery
eras not a new system in the colonies ; it was old, and founded
en opinion; and if Parliament wished to pat an end to it, let
Ahem do as they did in other cases, iudereitify the planters for
their vested interests, which might be done by renewing the
Income Tax for 10 or 12 years, and put an end to slavery '
'altogether. The best system of putting an end to it had, how-
ever, been Adopted already, namely, stopping the supplies.—
Under all the circumstances of the case, he did not see any
new light which could be thrown upon it by the appointment
of a Committee, and therefore he should oppose the Mo.
Mr. BARHAM considered It as a great evil, that there were '
en many separate legislatures in the West India Islands. lie
thought it would lie most desirable to have Nevis and some
other of he sieall elands consolidated. lie was convinced
the ends of justice would be greatly forwarded by such a
no aa saa e. In the larger islands, the lute of the slaves was
not inferior in any respect to that of the peasantry of this
country.
Mr. Coeittetise thought if justice was not to be obtained
elsewhere, it ought to be found in the British noose of Com-
mons. He thought an enquiry ought to be held, to see how
lustier was administered in the colonies.
Mr. Weene aaai tt radveried in strotng terms, 011 the theme-
ler and conduct ut' Mr. Huggius, mad gave_ the Motion his
support.
Mr. W. SMITH did not believe any mischief could ever
arise from such diseuxiions taking place in the 'Muse, Per
his part, he did not consider the House could be more legi-
timately or inure beneficially enoployed than in this tawdry:
He gave the Welkin his finest support.
Mr. Minium explained, la saying that the slave in some
iltuations was better off than the English peasent. he only
meant that he was better fed, better clothed, better lodged,
and that in many instances crimes were punished with less
severity ; but he never for a mouseet intended to place him on
an equality with a free born man.
Sir S. Itorembe replied. Li the eornae of Which he cont.
scented in strong tenth 011 the couddet of Hrtgehn in order-
ing the flogging of the pout females the Articling tears ut wit-
nessing the pstaisltuat ftt of their 11131 e relatives, lie deified
that any thing hail been shewn to justify the try of insuhordia
Ration. The Medan was then agreed to. Adjottrued.
titultmAy.
The Order wade in Felnuary last for the production of tile
Accounts of the City of Condo', was discharged, on the Bill
to which it referred toeing withdiawu.
SHOP WINDOW TAX.
Lord LA.sevasts stated, that 'white lie left' the ermetrv.
he had teceived communications of considerable limpets-tante
from different persons, relative to the tax on Strap Windows,
and that upon opplieati eeee at the Tax Office, the Commission.
'era expressed their iuebility to afford satisfaction on the side
jeer. He moved the a :wheel Committee be appointed to
tyke this 'natter into cortoideration, as w ell as the manner of
assessment by the Offieetst 4tttl al,ty facto,of which several
instanter occurred, where chili/rim, who carried parcel.; fin
their parents or frieeds, w ere eleieeed as servants, and to re-
port theireihservatiens thermal!. eitstoui;ttce appointed to meet
!".111011tWit•

tt.sl,

: 1,

K le

err; ,f4ATIONAL mr<etsTr,n.

USURIOUS BILLS.
sir Roaftt.t.s, said, th. t is two most excellont laws, fe-
l:fling to astir>, load been I,ro ight tin ward by au Itocoticible
•)I!•intp•r, India.' waited in Ilupes of a Bill, for renderit:g valid
bilk or exchange anti 'noun...cry antes, in the hands of per
not Ito plicated in the natifious tiatioactionvwould be I, rotight
in CIE Inc A:Melina, of the liOnSe. Bin as this VIII wrs liot
placed tinder t'oe consideration of the linusP, lie thought it his
duty to delay no longer, and thin-elate moved for leave to
bring in a Bill. to assist pertains, who welt. kor.a fide
unconnected with the usurious transactiwit, by rendering
valid bills of exchange, or prosuissury notes, in their hainds.
Leave granted, and the Bill, after having been brought in,
was read a first
