THE•NAVY.

Bylhe fallowing fist of vessels; now ordered to be built
at the several Dock Yards, our readers will see with pleasure
tbat the constitutional and essential force of the country is in
uo danger of being neglected.

DEPTFORD.—Monarch, 84. Prigates.—Amann, 46; Rolus, 46:
Dadalus, 46 ; Mercury, 46; Pegasus, 46.
Woot.wicu.—Frigates.--Clyde, 46; Jason, 46; Medusa, 46;
Athol, 28.
CLlATHANt.—Powerful, 84. Frigates.—Mermaid, 46 4 Thames,
46 ; Unicorn, 46.
PORTSMOUTH.—Frigates.—Fox. 46; Penelope, 46; Thalia, 46.
PLIMIBILORE.—Veneance, 84. Frigare.s.—friarnadryad, 46; Ve.
nus, 46 ; Druid, 46 ; 7 hisbe, 46 ; Nerntais, 46.
Ptyssouton.---Frigatcs.--Cerberus, 46; Circe, 46; Proserpine,
46; SAtatira, 46.
A 60gun ship, the Chichester, is also to be built at Wool
wish.

The Athol will be entirely built of larch from the Athol
elitatea. Several of the other.frigales will be' built of corm
mon 6r.

Three sloops uf war of•l9•guns•eacit ittilite built at• Wool-
wich and one at Portsmouth. Eight brigs of 10 guns eacli
and several cutters are ordered at Chatham, Portsmouth,
Plymouth and Pembroke.

AISAUI.T UPON A CLERGYHAN.-•-On Sunday last as the Rev.
Dr. Rippon was en the point of commencing Divine service at C•ie
chapel in Carter's-lane, 'fooley-street, he was disturbed by a noise,
which proceeded Itoni an assemblage of about Yon Irishmen, who
had met opposite the vestry door for the purpose of witnessing a
combat between two of their countrymen ; the defeat went into the
street, placed himself between the combatants, and exhorted them
desist and peacuobly return to their respective homes. O of them
immediately seized him by the collar end knocked hittaoLiwn. Ile
recovered his footing with peat difficulty, and was p 415111.31 Akita and
assaulted by the mob in a shameful manner. The beadle of st.
Olitre's was tent for, and on hi., arrival, experienced the same tort of
treatment, and it w:ts not until theassitance of Kinsey and Welfare,
constables, was procured, that thed, r:ot could he suppressed. Two of
the ringleadins,.Daniel Driacall, and John I/tiscall, were secured.—
, They were taken before Sir John Fattier, at the Town Hall, who,
ordtred them to find sureties for their appearance at the Quarter
Sessions, which failing to do acre ii“in mined to the Roiough Conquer.
A dreadful 30Cile.it•occtirred on Wednesday morning in Lincoln's
Inn Fields, at +hots:eh of Green's hotel: five inen (bricklayers) were
engaged in excavating an old vault, when suddenly tnc whole tcll in
with a large quantity of eatth, mil massive i•toncs, which completely
buried the nnthrtunate Tnrn, when, after great ex. ruons, two were
taken out abet, witll brok.n liLibs, one quite dead, and two escaped
unhurt.

APRIL 12,

REVIEW OF LITERATURE.

Observations on the State of Ireland, principally directed
to its .4gricultotral and Rural Population ; in a Series
of Letters, written on a 'four through (leaf Country.
BY J. C. CURWEN, Esq. M. P.—Two Voss. Bvo.

Trom Cork, Mr. C. pursues his course to Waterford,
Kilkenny and Dublin, then, making a short stay .ixt.
Ardbracken, with the ainial:le Bishop or Meath, pro-
ceeds to Edgeworth's Town,. Ballinasloe, Drogheda,
and Armagh, on his way to Bellhst, " halving," as he
observes, " nearly completed the circuit of Ireland, and
crossed through a coxidei'able portion of the interior,
in the expedition to Iltillinusloc."
. _

From the Second Volume we can indulge ourselves
with maki.eg only two extracts. The.first is on a sub..
ject which we are sun will interest every one—it is in
praise of Miss Edgeworth , and it is only necessary to
say this, to ensure it the atter,Con and concurrence of
our Readers. -After sonic observations upon her
writings, he adds,

" She is at once so modest anti-en natural, that those lump
pr:sed of her talents would not believe it possible she could
appear so unconseiou.: of the high reputation she possesses.
The admiration of the wotitl has affected neither her head
nor her heart; for wbiist she seems wholly unconscious of
her ov.n merit, she is feelingly alive to the desert of every
other individual. What was said by Maria Theresa of Cie_
ceral Loudon may he very appropriately applied to this lady.
The Genera) heist; wanted at a levee by the Empress, and not
being found, she observed, that peace you must seek him
behind the door, io hie day of battle you are certain of find.
in„ him in the front of danger.'
" Miss Edgeworth, in the common intercourse of !ife, is
flee from every aesumption at' superiority ; it is with her pen
alone she exerAses it, in vindieating the CiltSt of virtue and
suffering humanity. Theizmily is composed of children, of
different marriages ; yet nothing call az more delightful than
the harmony which prevails. The ardent Srllliffient of bene-
volence, that prornpti and animater, Oleic. general ,iiihors, has
the effect to modify or extinguish every intlividirdl selfish
'feeling ; while the most strenuous endeavours of every mem-
ber o: this pleasant community are called into action, to pro.
mote the comfort and happiness of the whole. The first care
of each seems to he that of forwarding such objects areateet
the general wish of the whole party."

To this commendation, it is unnecessary for .us to
say any thing. Miss Edg,eworth's writings have ever
borne testimony to the excellence of her hoart and un-
derstanding, and their merits have been fully appre-
ciated by a discerning and gratified age. The other
extract is from the concluding letter of the work, and
contains some admirable remarks upon the. country and
the people.

"The latent richnessaaf the land, and-inexhaustible fertility
of the soil, far exceeded my expectations; the extent and opt*"
leave of the sea poste antecidue of the-other towns, with the
resources and facilities for agriculture and commerce, greatly
surpassed any previous estianate that..had occurred to my
mind. The picturesque beauty at hich may he said to perrede
the country is ems; where graste.—often aubliniv—alway
imposing; the unceasing variety of surface is vie.nliarly at-
tractive of attention;- and wile the verdure is delightful to
the eye, the luxuriance of vegetation sepp!ics, and in sane
degree compensates for the deficiency of culture.

. • •

" leave contemplated with astrrsisitment how the exist-
enceot so many rational beings could be preserved, and have
wondered bow their lives should be endured, ander circum-
stances of such cruel privation ; and have nut less lamented
the sufferings which bigotry and•ignorince have indicted,
than the misery awl crimes which thus have bean engendered
and perpetuated.
" The superabundant population I have regarded with sur-
prise ; the apyticatims of every hand to agriculture has been
destructive of its interests, and has initial' ed the general hap-
piness of the peopie. .So great iv the competition fur land,
that its rents has advanced beyond what the occupier with a
living profit can atlord to pay ; the necessary consequence. us,
that the landlord's slue furnishes the tenant's capital ; and as
noexpense is incnrred•by the proprietor in respect of build-
ings, sothere are no caccenieneespgeneridly, speaking, on
small farms, to encourage the least aunt towards bolter ma-
nagement.
. . _

Such is the general diffusion of this rcinous,.practice,
that to correct it seems, if not wholly impossible, at present
impracticable, as it will not be considered incumbent on
those in possession to attempt a remedy whirls could de-
mand inconvenient sacrifices, for the sole prospective benefit
of rineeessoi s. The general intereift and Int,ipiness of a coun-
try placed in so.irretricaable a predicament, and which is
daily becoming ANC/Ise, cannot fail to excite the most ..viel7
apprehension for the enutirmanee of its tranquillity. The
spirits of six millions ofpracple sustained by hope alone, while
exercising the must virtuous paticiwe !miler the severest pri.
rations, without themmans of employing s!iiiinselvi s or of ob-
taining employment froie others, bate ample leisure: to brood
over the :misery they endure ,and if it we', requisite, to mar.
oily every Grievance they are compelled to siitlier. It is list
sorely is: human nature to be es er emitent tinder cir_
connstances, aggravated as they are by the want of those
sentials old:lined to secure the public peace in the fair and
impartial distribution of justice.. The benefits to which the
laborer is entitled from the protection of the law, come net
within the view of his preteusimis ; Are daily execution of it
by the mild:it y is Cellular to his elsservation, arid in Ilk com-
munity is denounced the result of tyranny , abile she
gious perinea:ow of the: peat bulk of the is. ' condemes
them to ignorance, and increases and tonierits their prejr-
: dices.

• •

• o

!` The interference ofgovernment in their behalf, if it were
only by the enforcement of such inks and regulations as
might be suagermted fur •iiirir comnfort,accordiog to the lumnil
inectiiies of each !province or.district, Would not only have
the popular effect of. I-Aribiting a riisimaritimm in time state to
regard Uttar cv.tatewtnd Ameliorate their condition ; but it
world he an into istuble stiinnins to the individual propliemor
of the sod, amid the cpulcnt earitalists, to unite iu su

.A.PRIT,

'Meat and -patriotic a work, and by the powers which each
might Po‘so3si to dr vise means for the employment of the
overflowing population.
" The introduction ofmanufactories and fisheries, of trade
and commerce, could not but prodare a prodigious increase
of manual labor, which;•on being rewarded according to ex-
ertion, would soon produce industry and emulation; these
would speedily create artificial wants, the indulgence in which
after a *time, would disincline the people, if not to improvi-
dent, to early marriages; and thus the present increasing
population might tecoive a check, and to a vertain extent be
restrained' within the limits prescribed by the needed em-
ployment of the country.
" Although 'the manner iir which the Irish-peasantry exists
is revolting to the feelings of those unaccustomed to the
inspection of their wretchedness and poverty, yet arc they
rich in the contentment which springs from a patient sub-
mission to their lot, flow their conjugal attachment and
affection to their offspring, and from a siatnral buoyancy of
spirits, that makes the heaviest eVii74 sit lightly on their
beans, with the e:•ceptioe of their being ntrabie to earn a
sotliciejacy to ensure the contituranec of the cabin roof over
the heads of their families— a source of the greatest affliction
and misery, from one end of Ireland to the other."

The state of the Irish people has been so (Alen clearly
elucidated, and solemnly discussed, that to dwell at
any length upon it now would be deemed impertinent.
We are happy to agree-generally, with Mr. Curwen's
stiews of the causes of existing evils, , as we think them
liberal, temperate and just. Omitting many minor
points, which, though they are in themselves mighty
mischiefs, ere rather consequences than causes, we ap-
prehend that the impoverished and distracted condition
of the people at; large, may be principally attributed to
these three—eignorance, want. of employ, and oppres-
sion—and were the natural remediea for these, educa-
tion, employment, and kindness judiciously applied, we
have no'donbt bet that the mists would vanish, and the
Sun of leased rise to gladden and to bless ; not shin-
ing as some of the dreamers have amused themselves in
depicting, on regal splendours and insubstantial mock-
eries, but diffusing the genial rays of instruction, corn.
fort and peace into the cottier's cabin, and reviving* the
drooping flowers of maimed pro:sperity, independence,
and hope. Our Author is also an advocate tbr the
Emancipation of the Cathelies—and so are we, as sub-
sequent to the amelioration of their lot in other particue
!sirs. The kind of emancipation most wanted, is a re-
lease from the bonds of ignorance ; it is that ignorance
which is the fountain of. all the moral evil—it is that
which makes it requisite to pause before we accede to
the demends of the Catholics—it is that which perpe-
tuates the discords and outrages of the country. On
this ground, the people claim our most sincere commi-
seration, and our strenuous exertions for their relief.
It has been a fashion (we blush-to confess it) far centu-
ries to oppress the Irisle and to keep them in a state of
intellectual slavery. Can- me be surprised at hatred,
at violence, which is fostered by acts of tyranny or cri-
minal neglect? Can we read of the outrages that arc
too frequently committed, without a feeling of indigna-
tion that the great work of instruction has been so lung
delayed? The habits, feelings, and prejudices of un-
enlightened men cannot be expected negive way in a
moment—oppression and its train of miseries have con-
tinued for ages, but amelioration and kindness have
comparatively only just begun.
This desirable plan is now prosecuting with' zeal and
success, and the most beneficial results may be coufi-
dently anticipated, bust the progress must be gradual;
and, if we are not mistaken, the experience-and delay
of a fisee years would exhibit the sine:Gen of Catholic
Emancipation hr a new light, both to its friends and.
opponents. We have scarcely left ourselves room to
touch upon the other points mentioned above—it ap-
pears that the population is so abundant, that Agricul-
ture is by no means sufficient to employ it. Mr. C.'s
sumzestions we need not repeat, but we must say, that
we should be sorry to see Ireland become wholly a me-
nufacturing country—to see the plough exchanged far
the shuttle throughout; these, we knew, arc not our
Author's views, and we have only to add '.o what he
has so wol4 observed upon the subject, that there is no-
thing so detrimental to the health and morals of a peo-
ple, as the crowding them together in a town, Which
is properly but one large manufactory ; natural feelings
are destroyed—artiticiel wants arc created, and though
we are persuaded, with Mr. C. that agriculture will
not suffice abptc, hope that it will always have the
preponderaace. Bet we must conclude—we have al-
ready given an option of the general merits of the
work before us, and we have only to express a hope
that the humane and politic suggestions of its Author
may be attended to—and that the effect of a wise and
conciliatory system will, ere long, be visible in the
increased happiness, prosperity, and loyalty of the peo-
ple of Ireland.

SUSPECTED licnnntr.--The friends of the nnfortnnate re_
male lately loom! on the river Medway, at linisming. have at
length been discovered ; her name proves to be Mary Noakes
Sands i she %vas going from Strood. where she hatllive.l about
two years. to Ticelnirst, her native place, and where her re-
lations reside. tier brother and sister hearing of the cir-
cumstance, they went to Bill wing to ascertain the fact, which
they, alas! found to be too tine. They state that she left
Stroud about the 93,.1 of February, and came to llaidstoue
by Bore coach, Hied then proceeded on her Journey ; that
:0.,a had mow::: in her pockets, awl also a bundle containing
a variety of articles. None of svhich having been found, int.
presses our minds with a stroit:4m. l!ouvirtlim that she was
murdered ; and we trust that every mewls will lie resorted to
by her friends to discover tire keipeti.ate.,.

THE NATIONAL. TIEOTSIT,R;

From the LONDON GAZETTE, Tuesday, April 7.

Mr. C. 11. Rose was sworn of the Privy Council.
Prime Leopold cf Saxe Cobourg, to be styled .' His Royal High-
ness." and to bear the Royal anns (without the Chnlensagne's and
the Hanoverian crown) differenced with 4 &Lel of Jive point 3 argent,
toe 'ward point charged ::9th a NU gales, quarterly with his own
arm;.

The Duke of Richmond appointed Captain-General and Governor
of Canada.
