THE NAVON.U. REGISTEW

diately to hasten to his Royal II iglitiese, and advise him to put
All end to Ins tour, and hasten to town to receive and att,nd to
the Petition and Prayers of his still loyal, affectionate, and suf-
fering people. He would advise Lord Castlereagh to
recall to the recollection of his Royal t oat it
was the neglect of the Petitions of (I P: people which
hastened the overthrow of the !house of Stuart, and that the
tenure no which the present family held the Crown was, that
those Petitions should be atteaileit to. After some further ob-
servations on the amount of sinecures and pensions, and the
extraordinary and extravagant military establishment which
Ministers seemed determined on supporting, he concluded by
moving the Serum, Resolution.
Mr. WALKICR then Came fortvnrd to propose the third
Resolution, which, he said, stated a matter of fact, viz.: that
during that periad of our history, in which Parliaments met
and sot but for one year, this country was not burthened with
that corse, a national debt. This was v-ry easily accomited
for; men who had to give on account of their stewardship
every year, AV cm careful as It, their conduct. Why Rpm should
not the people call fur the restoration of their ancient consti-
tutional privilege, and by doing, so, restore the prosperity of
the country, as it IL xistetiduring the early times of the Consti-
lotion ? The duration of Parliamt its had been prolonged from
one to three years, from three to seven ; and, should the House
of Commons take a fancy so to do, they might, unless the voice
of the people prevented it, declare their sitting perpetual.
Several other Resulutious were then put nod carried, when
Mr. CLARY read a Petition founded on them, in which
they ray the Regent to call together the Parliament to listen
to the voice of the people; complaining of sinecure places and
pensions, and of a lavish expenditure in every department of
the State ; praying the abolition of the former
sand retreuelt-
inent of the latter. The Petition was carried unanimously,
and ordered to he presented by the High Bailiff, accompanied
by Sir F. Burdett and Lord Cuehrane.
The Thanks of the Meetteg were then voted to Sir F. Bor-
den.

Sir F. Branr•.T'r said, that after so many years spent
in their service, it must be highly gratifying to him to receive
an additional mark of the approbation of so numerous a Meet-
ing. that Meeting, so very large, showed the spirit of West-
minster ; and he trusted that it was but a sample of that which
would be shewu in every part of the kingdom. Their enemy-
was f'ormid•tble, .said deeply entrenched behind forms of law, as
well as rows of bayonets; and nothing would conquer that
enemy but a firm union among all classes of the country--at
least of those who did not wish to see their country reduced to
a state of ciataildete slavery. After so much had been said as to
the general distress, which was admitted on all hands to exist,
he had not thought of saying any thing on that part of the sub-
ject ; but be felt it his duty to speak to them in as undisguised
laugeage as any of the speakers that had pacceded him. No
Englishman ought to look at the sham causes of the distress
held out to them by the boroughmongers but his attention
aught to be directed to the real ca uses, so as to be able to apply
the proper remedy to it. The real cause consisted in the cor-
rupt state of the representation of the people, which was so
great, that the Speaker of the Hume of Common* had been
obliged to akelare that it would have made our forefathers hair
to stand an cud; hot it would have• done more—it would have
made their swords leap from their scabbards. The govern-
ment of the country sat intrenched in fortresses; fur had we
out barracks at Hyde Park Corner, in the Tower, at Wool-
wich, as well as the Lines at Chatham? Yet all the people
could dr. was to say to that Government," oppress ns no more ;"
just as the worm we tread on would say, if it could speak,
" tread on me no more." But let it be remembered, that no-
thing was more dreadful in the ears of the oppressors than the
voice of the oppressed. It had been said, that the national
debt was one great cause of the general distress; but they
ought never to talk of the not' • I debt ;it was the debt of the
oligarchy in the Hoe.,e of Commons, incurred for the purpose
of putting down liberty all ever the world; and by so doing,
disgracing the English character; for never was it more Jai-
graced than in the shooting of Nev at Paris. The object of
that oligarchy was, to restore despotism abroad, and to pre-
sent reform at home; it was for that millions of money had
been squandered out of the 2—ekets of the people of England.
They all knew the play of Catherine amid Petruchiii, in which
the proud spirit of that lady was subdued by starvation. He
did not know whether that was the plan of Gos eminent to
soluble the spirit of the people ; but he knew that millions of
men would not starve.—There were many secret springs aris-
ing out of the corruption he complained of, which, by a thou-
sand ways, would attack a man's life w:ao spoke his mind on
those subjects. That oligarchy had 100 Minds in every man's
pocket; and almost every thing, great or bind'', found its way
01(0 its 111101C0Se Ile:. It la:is that oligarelay which had tram-
pled on the Crown, and had obliged it to give up its dignity to
receive the plunder of the people. IS•-t it would now find that
the people could pay no more if they would. When any one
proposed to do away with sinecures, they were answered, that
would be of no use; and then these men Wo‘llll subscribe their
miserable farthings, until they might amount altogether to as
much as Lord Arden took out of the public purse in a year.
But surely every farthing that could be saved to this distressed
people ought to be retrenched. The cause of tins great evil
bb ing apparent, the remedy was equally so; and that was by
getting rail of this immense system of plunder. When he law
• by the public papers poor persona distrained on for rent to the
awouuf of lOs. he would ask, what more 80 enemy could do to
us? Such proceedings would taut be endured if the country
were properly represented. The remedy was plain, but it
could only be accomplished by meetings 3001 as that, by onion
and tirmuese. Ile trusted that there would be meetings in
every county, and every great town in England.. This olag::r-
-clay would not give up its plunder unless it were forced. It
was true that there were many good men on both sides; bait it'
they would not give up the narrow views of party polities—if
they would not condescend to correct, they would soon lose
the power to controul. lie concluded by praising the conduct
of 1091 Noble Colleague, who at the Loudon Tavern got among
tile domestic enemies, and threw them into us much confusion
as he bad often done the rot eigu enemy.
Thanks were then voted to Loral Comm A Ne.. lii. Lordship
said, the honour now conferred on him exceeded any acknow-
ledgments he could make tor it; and was, in itself, greater
than any thing that any Ministry could bestow. On the other
side of the water they fwd seen the Chamber of Deputies dis-
solved, and their number reduced; consequently a majority
could be the more easily eurruoteil. In his opinion, that change
in France was to be ascribed to a similar fiction working
this imitates. He thought by petition they wanku not be able
to attain their end ; but every county, city, borough, and town,
should prepare a remonstrance to be presented by two Dade-
gates to some Member, to he laaal before Parliament on the
first cloy of its meeting. He had been told that great good
would arise from the subscription ; now he had caleelated, that
it wanald give lusts pint of bier and a penny fog to envy pun-
y' to Logland,

on I

The Thanks of the Meeting were then voted to Major Car&
Wright and Mr. Hunt. The latter Gentleman took that occa-
sion to talk of the venality of the Press, and to abuse in the
grossest to toner the Editor of The Times newspaper.
Thanks were then voted to the Liglt Hailitl, and the Meets'
ing broke up.

From tke LONDON GAZ:TTE, Tuesday, Sept. 10.

Whitehall, Sept. 6.
Ills Royal Highness the I'tince Regent has been pressed, In tbd
name and na the behalf of his Majesty, by Letter; Patent under the
Great Seal of the United Kin of Great Britain and Ireland. ler
ante the honor of Knighthood upon James Little, Esti. of the Island
of Teneriffe.

HIS Hoyrii Highness has been pinned to appoint T. Turner, Esq.
to be Consul at Ragusa and Bores di Cattalo; and T. W. Richards..
Esq. to be Consul at Nantes. His Royal Highness has also granted
an honourable augmentation of anus to Dame Catherine Arait Pre-
vost, widow of Sir G. Prevost, and his eldest son. His Royal Highs
nests has also permitted Col. Lemoine, of the Artillery, to wear the Si-
cilian Order of Ferdinand and of Merit; Capt. Jones, of the Light
Dragoons, the Spanish Order of Charles III.; and Capt. 'Afaeltiehlse.
of the Artillery, the l'iedmontese Order of St Maurice and Lazar.
PROMOTIONS.
Artillery—Major Deal:missy to be Lieut.-Colonel, vice Sir J. Pjtr,
deceased; and Brevet Major Payne to be Major, vice Desbrissy.
BANKItifPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
T. Wo.sitEn. of Knebtworth, fanner.
G. Moon, of Greenwich. hay-deller.
It. ItITTLL and J. H. BLAIR, of Rinnittarn, gun-makers.
I 1 BANKUP' .
J. SIOSWORTH, of Sunderland near the Sea, dealer, Sept. 23, ,
22, at Stokesley, Yorkshire. Atts. Morton and Co. Gray's Inn-sq.
.1. PAci Ex. of Painswick, Gloucestershire, clothier, Sept. 17, in, Oct.
22, at Stroud. Aus. Adlington and Co. Dectfonl-rOw.
T. MASCALL, of Wo/verhanipton. grocer, Sept.l 20, 21, Ott. 22, at
Birmingham. Amts. Price and Co. Lincoln's nn Old-square.
C. lIA3I ELTON, of Iles:ham, draper, Sept. 19, to, Oct. 29, at Carlisit.
Att. Mr. Birkett, Cloak-lane.
E. KIRXP.ITRICK, of Moat, Cumberland, baron-factor, Sept. 19, 20.
Oct. at Carlisle. Att. Mr. Hirkett, Cloak-lane.
T. !last:mei:, of Louth. hatter, Sept. 27, 25, OM V-, at Manchester.
Mts. Willis and Co. Warnfoid-murt,
A. SLATER, of Cucldington, Cheshire, corn-dealer, Sept. 24, 23, Ore.
21. at Northwich. .ttts. Leigh anti Co. New Bridge-street.
P. Housgr, jun. of Ottery Ist. Mary, Demo, miller, Sept. IN 10.
Oct. trl, at l'aunton. At.. Mr. Burfoot, Temple.
T. and I). lit MSOII, of Cpholland, Lanctis!iire, tanners, Sept- 25.
(let. 22. at Wigan. att. Mr. Windle..lolln-strect, Iledford-mw.
W. EAST EKEII.I.I), of Fleet Market, stationer, Oct. 14, 17, 22, at
Guildhall. Att. Mr. Shuter, Millbank-street, Westminster.
J. LAMB, of Carey-street, victualler, Sept. 14, 24, (kt. 22, at Guilds
hall. Aces. Comte and Co, Great Suthilk-streA, Borough.
DIVIDENDS AT GIALIMALL.
Oct. 1, It. C. Stones, of Chelmsford, stationer.
Sept. It, S. Muline, of Billiter-line. merchant.
Sept. 13, It. Forty. of Stow•in-tik:.‘V old, saddler.
Sept. 13, R. Hughes and It. Ctiallen. of Storringtnn, brewers.
Oct. 2tl, J. and E. anti H. Kensington, of Lombard-street, bankers.
DIVIDENDS IN THE COGN7'IIY.
Oct. 4, R. Beck, of Westbury, innliolder, at Bristol.
Oct. s, T. Blake, of Ringwood, saddler, at Birmingham.
Oct. 10, W. Moths, of Bi rmingliatn, tintberunereliant, at Birmineuartai,
Oct 4, W. W. Lyon, of Burton Turn, brewer, at Burton.
Oct. S,'l'. Grylls, of Dtretend, cock-founder, at Birmingham.
Oct. 3, B. Bartlimp, of Illaxliall, merchant. at 11'ootlhndge.
Oct. 4, W. Whitehouse and J. Galan, of Liverpool, merchants. at Li-
verpool.
Oct. 4, H. Arr. of Spalding, merchant, at Spalding.
CERTIFICA'fFS, Oct. I.—W. sand J. Ritchie. jun. of FinborY'
square, merchants—E. Partridge, of Little Queen-street, oilman—.l.
Salter. of Dartmouth, bookseller—J. Martin, of Alfristnn, shopkeeper
—J. Lawrence. of Iloundsditch, draper—ll. M. Senterset, of Marls
borough, surgeon—J. Cape, cf.' Gravel-lane, Southwark, brewer.
PA !ITN VMS!' I PS 1 11 SSOLVED.
T. Oliver and Co. of Great Winchester-street, merchants.
W. Broughton and J. Massey, of Great Woodhouse, York, joiners
J. and C. Atkinson. of Iludderstiekl. merchants.
J. Clowes and Co. of Shelton. Stattimlshire, carthenware-martufactusgra.
T. Williams and Co. of Oxford-street, coach-makers.
W. and 'l'. Johnson, of Kidderminster, cheese-factor&
W. Jones and P. Lindsay, of I.iverpooL chymists.
W. Cooper and J. Townsend, of GOldsmitecerow, Hackney-road, pas
per-stainers.
A. Stevenson and R. Ruckaall, of Cobridge, Staffordshire Potteries.

J. iii;tit7anag. i;;;;ll,;iiianchester, eatn-manufaci
S. Turner and I. Stevenson, of Slieffield. linen-drapers,

THE ESQVIMM:K.—LateIy a cast assemblage of persons of
all ranks was collected at Leith to see the contest between ins
Ewyni•nanx :south and the six-oared whale boat. The pier, the
windows, and the roofs of houses were all crowded ; the dei.ks
and rigging of the vessel were the sane ; the latter at the ie...
minent risk of many lines. The exhibition commenced a
before two o'clock, and lasted till halt' past three. His •
terity in managing his canoe was admirable, and he evidently
showed his ability to overcome his opprrients in point of speeii,
by the advantages he often gave thei,i, and %%Inch lie as often
redeemed. He was ♦ery expert in diving, which he did
several times, and also in throwing his darts. When at a con-
eideralde distance from the beacon, lie threw one ot'his dart',
and struck the bulb of the beacon with the greatest certainty,
He was so fastened into his scat, that he could nut fall out, ai a
drawing, like the mouth of a purse, girds him about the
so that, in' an instant, he was seen to dive under the water, head
down and keel tippeiniont ; again, in the twinkling of an eye,
he raised himself erect out of the water, awl scudded along
as if nothing had happened. A raft of wood iinpedeil ha
progress down the harbour after starting, when, to the arto-
nishnn•ut of the spec titors, he crossed the raft with his c inoe,
and again launched into the water. His canoe is a s ey
great curiosi•y, weighing in all 161 b. He rows it by outs eat
or paddle, and he is so very dexterous iii inanar.ing it, that he
uutsails any boat with six oars. 'Elie ii irbour was eroi a•'d
with boats, tilled with elegantly dressed temak•s. Pres ious to
the exhibition the public had an °ppm tunny of hispeeting the
canoe and the following, efiriusiiies, at a care-room at the
Wet Dock, vie.: —'l sea unieornie horns, the scull• of a sea-
hot se and hear, the cal of a whale, and the preserved skin of
a black cag,le. The Esquimaux was dressed in the fashion of
his country, from the waist downwards, in undressed sealskin ;
his jacket of the same, only the undressed side inwards. He
in a gouil looking healthy young units, and apparently very
docile. lie understands a little English, and when he over.
comes the method of talking common to his country species
of whisperie:i I, there is liitle doubt but that he may soou be-
e • a proneient in our LifignaZe. The whole passed off
w.thout any nerions accident, though ses ei al people fell into
the harbour, but were got out safely. completely (lurked,
On Monday somight were sold at W'ake'field, belonging to
two respectable farmers in the neighbourhood, two hurse,,
with each a sit•lille and bridle, tne the sum of three giiineas ;
wives may also be considered as lunch depressed ill saloe by
the pressure of the tones, a labourer leaving ."1,1 hi. %V I e r %
Wediii-day 1.14, ui It akelield, to a waterinai., six Ilia slt.ail
auto el spa nee.

~fmSATURDAY'S LONDON
.GA ZET7'E, Sept. 15.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.

WILSON. of Brampton, Yorkshire,
- -

BANKRUPTS.
C. DENBY, of New-Bridge, Yorkshire. victualler, Oct. 3,4, 26, at
Ferry-Bridge. Atts. Wright and Co. Temp]:.
W. Gyms:, of Gloucester, stationer, Oct. 3,4, 26, at Gloucester. Att.
Mr. King, Serjuant's-inn.
B. T. BENNETT, Of S.vecting's-alley, Cornitill, anufflrnereimnt, Sept.
5.3. 24. Oct. 26, at guildhall. Att. Mr. Wolfe, Basinghall-stre,..t.
J. TALLIR of Doncastf..r, wholes:lle linen-draper, Sept. 24, 25, Oct.
,16, at Doncaster. Att. Mr. Mason, Gray.4-inn.
M. Talmo'', of Rudby. Yorkshire, tanner. Oct. 8, 25, at Stockton,
llurnam. Att. Mr. Wiodle, John-street, Bcdford-iow.
D. HUMRI.E. of Skelbrooke, Yorkshire. ir.erchant, Sept. 26, 27, Oct.
Q. at Leal'. Aus. Tottic and Co. Poultry.
:S. Meaty, of Leeds. merchant, Sept. 27. Oct. 26, at Leeds.
Atts. Tottic and Co. Poultry.
J. CoLna, of %Vest Smithfield. banker, 'Sept. 17. 24, Oct. f.PG, at Guild-
hall. Au. Mr. Jones, Slsts.lane, Bitekler.bury.
J. 111-orst., of Robert-street. Surrey, hat-manufacturer, Sept. 21, 28,
Oct. 26, at GuildlialL Att. Mr. Lowden, Ch•ment's-inn.
Y. CARLING, late of Union-street. Bond-street, taylor. Sept. 23, 24,
Oct. of Goikiludl. Atts. Mayhew and Co. Symond's inn.
J. LurtNowlmt.. of Little Yarmouth, Sttflitlk, merchant, Sept 20,
(kt. 4, 26, at Norwich. Aft.. Alexander and Co. New-inn.
NV. H. FRENCH and J. Disisououtt. of little Eastcheap, provi-
cion-brokers, Sept. 19,251.0 ct. 26, at Guihiltall. Ans. Templa and
Co. Burr-street, East Smithfield.
DI VII rIENDS AT Gil Lim ALL.
Nov. 3, .1. Headlam. of Skinner-street, warehouseman.
th.t. 8, J. Hewitt, of Poland-street, Oxford.strect, coach-maker.
I ),•t. 12, W. Stuckey, of Fleet-street. vintner.
Sept. es, W. Hardeastle. of High Holborn, bookseller.
-•

DIVIDENDS IN THE COUNTRY.
o,:t. 8, J. Humphris, of Cold Aston, Gloucester, cattle dealer, at
Gloucester.
I iet. 5, J. Wilton, of Manchester, grocer, at Manchester.
(ht. 5, J. Cutting. late of Phyford„ Suffolk, merchant, but now of
Newport Pagnell. Backingbant, farmer, at Woodbridge.
Oct. 7, W. Keary, of Ipswich, woollen-draper, at Ipswich.
Oct. 7, P. Budd, of Plymouth-dock, baker, at Nymouth-dock.
Oct. 8, C. W. Battely, of Ipswich, bookseller, at Ipswich.
i)ct. 11, J. Denny, of Broughton, Lancaster, groecr, at Whitelutren.
Oct. 9, T. Snow cf Stamford, Lincoln, upholder, at Stamford.
Det. 5, P. Drury, of Evesham. Worcester. brazier, at Evei.::ant.
Oct. 12, T. Davis, of Bilmry. Gloucester, dealer, at Cirencester.
Sept. 23..1 Braille, of Bristol, dealer. at Britt&
Oct. 8, J. Penfold, of West Tarring, Sosses.littendrap., at Worthing.
CERTIFICATES, OCT. 5.—W. Vile. of Deal, hatter—T. Miltwr,
of Fole, Stafford, miller—J. S. Ward, of Ilcybridge, coal-mer-
char,,_.T. Walton!, of Mahlon, Es.ex, brazier--T. Apse y, stn.
of
Stamford Lincoln, brazier—T. Roberts, of Alfrcton, Derby, fell-
rnonger.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
J. Huddleston and Co. of Maryport, Camberlam'. timber-merchants.
W. R. Grime and J. Lausfind, of Manchester, calico-printers.
G. and J. Peters, of Ruslington, Sussex. farmers.
E.'foone.of Lilly1:31-lane,mid T. Mtu•h, of Coventry. ribbon-manufac.
A. Watts and Co. of Manchester, silk handkerchief-. • aufacturtrs.
.1. 11. Warren and W. M•Lean, of Liverpool. grocer,.
.1. Newton and Co. of Dukenfield. Cheshire. cotton-spinner.
T. and N. Ruswell, of Coventry, ribbon-rnamitacturers.
Masuirman & J. Peacock, of Sunderland near the Sea, ship-brokers.
H. Othen and J. A. Weeks, of New -Sarum, wineraerehants.
liollyttay and M. Riekentike. of Lads, rmWmcrs.
S. Smith and G. Day, of Cheapside, linen-drapers.
IL Warren, of Oswestry, and R. Richardson, of Manchester, calico-
printers.
J. M•Laughlan aria W. Bradshaw. of Manchester.
C. Scudatoore and Co. of Manchester, coach-makers.
.J. Tait and A. Hamilton, of Glasgow, agent.%
J. Wil,an and Co. of Cheapside, lace-manufacturers.
ar.d W. Tindall, of Beverley, gardeners.

RY AUTHORITY-THE, OFFICIAL REPORT ON THE
POLICE OF THE METROPOLIS.

Just published, in 4‘ZO Bvo. dewy closely printed pages, only 75.
THE POLICE REPORT, containing the MI-
NUTES of EVIDENCE taken verbatim before the Select Committee
of the House of Commons. Together with the Appendix, containing
Abstracts of the several Acts now in force f.or regulating Public-houses:
also the proceedings of the Common Council of the City of London,
for clearing the streets of Vagrants. Prostitutes, and disorderly persons.
Printed Ihr Clement, 192, Strand. Of whom may be had, price 7s.
The Report of the Select Committee of the House of Commons on the
Insolvent Debtor's Act; also, price 7s. The First Annual Report on
Tfadhouses in England.
Q 1 The public are respectfully recommended, in giving directions
to their respective booksellers, to taller " Clement's Maki Pollee Re-
port, price only Seven Shillings." there being an edition advertised for
sale by another publisher, at Fifteen Shillings.

•„• The Office for this Paper is now removed to No. 112,
S TRA ND, opposite Exeter ' Change, as a more convenient
and central situation; where all Communications (post
plid) are requested to be forwarded. •

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON :
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16.
-....._.

WE congratulate the public on the glorious victory
obtained by Lord Exmouth and his brave fleet.
An E4raordiaary Gazelle was yestenlay published,
,o-itaining the dispatches of Lord Exmouth, which were
brought to the Admiralty Office, about nine o'clock, on
.-iaturtlayevening by Capt. Brisbane, of the Queen Char-
bate. His Lordship, with a due attention to the feelings
01. auxicty entertained in England respecting the expe-
dition, had sent his dispatches in duplicate—one copy by
Rear-Adrairal Milne, in the Leander, which has not yet
arrived; the other by Capt. Brisbane, who landed at
Barcelona, and made the best of his way over land. No-
thing could be more rapid or decisive than LonlExmouth's
meuures. He did not voile in Sight of Algiers ?until
the 27th in the morning ; and before midnight he had
wholly destroyed the Al,Terine fleet, reduced the bat-
teries to a state of dilapidation, and laid in ashes the
store-houses and arsenal. 'The bombardment was one
,of the most trmientlous ever /witnessed. The Congreve
4Jekets were of great service. Those siho have been at
Algiers know with what abriunucss the sown _Lisa .froin

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

the sea. Every street was 'risible to our fleet : every ship
was equally visible to the inhabitants on shore. A great
many spectators were collected on a hill eastward of the
town. The position of the batteries so coranranding the
harbour will amount for the number of killed and wound-
ed on our side, being 818 on board the British, and 65 on
board the Dutch squadron ; but the loss of the enemy was
far more severe, amounting, it is estimated, to between 6
and 7,000. The Dey had made every preparation for the
must vigorous defence. Forty thousand men had been
marched down from the interior, all the Janizaries called
in from the distant garriaons, and every precaution taken
to put the batteries in the bent condition. As he had
firmly resolved to resist, he took no notice of the terms
sent in by his Lordship in a flag of truce, and which.
indeed were not of a nature to be readily accepted by
a proud barbarian ; for he was requited in the name of
the Prince Regent to abolish Christian slavery for ever,
to deliver up all slaves in his dominions, of whatever na-
tion to the British flag, to make reparation for the losses
sustained by the British Consul in consequence of his
arrest, and even to beg pardon of the Consul publicly for
the indit,mity offered in him. Severe as these terms must
have appeared to the Dey, no long time was allowed
him to deliberate. An answer not having been re-
turned in three hours, the British Admiral himself an-
chored in the entrance of the Mole, at about fifty yards
distance. He was followed by all his ships in the ap-
pointed order; the Dutch Admiral, Van Capellen, with
his squadron of frigates, taking a station to cover the
flanking batteries. Thus begun one of the most tre-
mendous and effectual attacks that was ewer made by
shipphig on a port protected by land batteries.—
The conflict was deperute; but as every man on board
had made up his mind to conquer or die., " all were
eager," in the words of their noble Commander, "to '
attempt services which he found it more difficult to re-
strain than to excite." The Impregnable alone lost one
hundred and fifty killed and wounded. The firing the '
enemy's ships so near our own was perilous in the ex-
treme; but when the order was at length given to exe-
cute this part of the duty, the outer frigate was boarded,
and within ten minutes was in a perfect blaze. All the
other ships in the port were set on fire by the flotilla of
gun, mortar, and rocket boats; and the fire extending
rapidly over the whole arsenal, storehouses, and gun
boats, exhibited a spectacle of the most awfhl grandeur,
and at the same time of the most terrible interest. From
this; scene of devastation the assailants withdrew to a se-
cure distance about two o'clock in the morning of the
:2 Bth ; and a few hours afterwards sent a letter to the
Dey, such as probably no Mahometan Prince ever re-
ceived from a Christian ever since the days of the cru-
sades. Brief and sraperions as was its style, the Dey
thoraghtefit m «imply %itiats demands. The same terms
were granted him after the bombardment as had been
offered before. The combined fleets had the gratification
of having rendered a service of the utmost importance,
not only to their respective countries, but to all nations,
and to future ages; and the Admiral very properly di-
rected this great work to be closed with thanksgivings to
Almighty GOD.
Sir Robert Heron opposes Mr. Cust as Candidate for
the vacant representation of Cie country of Lincoln.
By the death of Robert Morris, Esq. of Bainwood
Court, one of the seats for the City of Glouceter becomes
vacant. Edward Webb, Esq. is the only person that has
yet offered himself.
Mr. Croker, Secretary to the Admiralty, is one of the
candidates for Portsmouth. His opponent is Mr. Carter,
the son of Sir S. Carter.

Their Royal and Serene Highnesses Princess Charlotte
and Prince Leopold, enjoy excellent health, at their seat
at Claremont. In al: their daily amusements her Royal
Highness accompanies Prince Leopold.
The Prince Regent, when the mode of relieving the
distressed weavers of Spitalfields was suggested to him,
with the most prompt humanity immediately ordered a
considerable quantity of silk -to be made up for his own
use. The I)uke.of Cambridge has followed this good ex-
ample ; and so also we understand have the Duke and
I)uchess of Gloucester ; .and we may hope that tile influ-
ence of their Royal Highnesses will operate upon the
nobility and gentry of both sexes, and by giving work to
those who would much rather work than he, rescue
rre my thownds of meritorious individuals from absolute
want.

The 'Managers if Drury-Lane and Covent-Garden
Theatres have prohibited their performers- from acting at
the English Opera. This prohibition has occasioned a
correspondence between Mr. Arnold and Mr. Kinnaird,
through the medium of the daily prints, and it would
seem that their epistolary contest has not yet r,:aebed its
termination.

A further respite, &wine the Print• Regent's vleasttre, w:ts
received by the Under Sherd of York, on Wednesday last,
for Elk:the& Ward.

The Duke-of Devonshire lately met with a serious accident,
while Shooting moor game in Derbyshire, his Grace, it is feared,
having injnrcd the tendon Achilles.
About I o'clock-on Thursday night, as Captain Wombwell,
Lieutenants Burdett (son -of Sir Francis) anti Drummond, of
the 10th Hussars, were returning Xo Brighton in a .one horse
tilhury, with. ceuviderakle .iteed, in•taiming the coiner of Marl.
borough-row, to go along Chat ch.st reet, the vehicle went against'
the blacssmith's -shop at the corner of the street, and was
dashed to piece.. Mr. Burdett is severely hurt, Mr. Wombwell
mach lacerated, and Mr. Druuutiouil did not escape without
Ausbzre bruins.

16.

The LONDON GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY
SUNDAY. SEPT. 15, ISM

ADMIRALTY-OFFICE, SEPT. 15.
Captain Brisbane, of His Majesty's ship Qateea
lute, arrived at this Office lasi night with the following
dispatches from Admiral Lord Exmouth, G. C. B. al.
dressed to John Wilson Croker, Fsq. :.-
llneen Charlotte, Algiers-Bat, Aug. 29.
Sir,—ln all the vicissitudes of a long life of public
service, no circuaistsuce has ever produced on my mind
such impressions of gratitude and joy as the event of yes.
terday. To have been one of the humble instruments, in
the hands of Divine Providence, for bringing to reason a
ferocious Government, and destroying for. ever the insuf.
finable and horrid system of Christian slavery, can never
cease to be a source of delight and heartfelt comfort to
every individual happy enough to be employed in it. I
may, I hope, be permitted, under such impressions; to
offer my sincere confratulations to their Lordships on the:
complete success which attended the gallant efforts of hi;
Majesty's fleet in their attack upon Algiers of yesterday ;
and the happy result produced from it on this day by the
signature of peace.
Thus has a provoked war of two e.ays' existence been
attended by a complete victory, and closed by u renewed
peace for England and her Ally the King of the Nether.
lands, on conditions dictatLA by the finnness anti wisdom
of his Majesty's Government, and commanded) by the vi-
gour of their measures.
My thanks are justly due for the honour and confidence
His Majesty's Ministers have been pleased to repose on my
zeal, an this highly important occasion. The means were
by them made adequate to my own wishes, and the rapi-
' dity of their measures speak for themselves. Not more
than one hundred days since I left Algiers with the. Bri-
tish fleet, unsuspicious and ignorant of the atrocities
which had been committed at Bona ; that fleet on its ar-

rival in England, was necessarily disbanded, and another,
with proportionate resources, created and equipped ; and,
although impeded in its progress by calms and adverse
winds, has poured the vengeance of an insulted nation, is
chastising the cruelties of a ferocious Government, with a
promptitude beyond example, and highly honourable to
the national character, eager to resent oppression orcruelty,
whenever practised upon those under their protection.
Would to God that in the attainment of this object I
had not deeply to lament the severe hes of so many gal-
lant officers and men ; they have profusely bled in a con-
test which has been peculiarly marked by proofs of such
devoted heroism as would rouse every noble feeling, did
I dare indulge in relating them. •
Their Lordships will already have been informed, by
his Majesty's sloop Jasper, of my proceedings up to the
14th instant, on which day I broke ground from Gibraltar,
after a vexatious detention, by a foul wind of four days.
The fleet, complete in all its points, with the addition
of five gun-boats, fitted at Gibraltar, departed in the
highest spirits, and with the most favourable prospect of
reaching the port of their destination in three days ; but
an adverse wind destroyed the expectation of an early ar-
rival, which was the more anxiously looked for by myself
in consequence of hearing, the day I sailed from Gibraltar,
that a large army had been assembled, and that very con-
siderable additional works were throwing up, not only on
both flanks of the city, but also immediately about the
entrance of the Mole : from this I was apprehensive
that my intention of making that point my principal
object of attack had been discovered -to the Dey by the
same means he had heard of the expedition. This intel-
ligence was, on the following night, greatly confirmed
by the Prometheus, which I had dispatched to Algiers
some time before, to endeavour to get away the Consul.
Capt. Dashwood had with difficulty succeeded in bring-
ing away, • disguised in midshipman's uniform, his wife
and daughter, leaving a boat to bring off their infant
child coming down in .a basket with the surgeon, who
thought he hadcomposed it, but it unhappily cried in the
gate-way, and in consequence the surgeon, 3 midshipno
in all 18 persons, were seized and confined, as slaves in
the usual dungeons. The child was sent off next morn-
ing by the Dey, and as a solitary instance of his huma-
nity, it ought to be recorded by me,
Capt. Dashwood further confirmed, that about 40,000
men had been brought down front the interior, and all
the Janissaries called in from distant garrisons, and that
they were indefatigably employed in their batteries, gun-
brans, &v. and every where strengthening the sca-defcro.
ces.
The Dey informed Capt. Dashwood he knew perfectly
well the armament was destined for Algiers, and asked
him if it was -true ; he replied, if he had such infbrma.
Lion he knew as much as 'he did, and probably from the
same source—the public prints.
The ships were all in port, andletween 10 and 50 gun
and mortar-beats ready, with -several more in forward
repair. The Dey had closely confined the Consul, and
resused either to give him up or promise his personal
safety:; nor would he hear a word respecting the officers
and men seized in the boats of the Prometheus.
, From the contintience of adverse winds and calms the
land -ho the westward of .Algiers was not made before
the ittith, and the next morning, at flay-break, the fleet
was advanced in sight of the city, though not so near as
..I had intended. As the ships were becalmed, I .ezubrae.

16.

cal this opportunito. of dispatching a boat under cover of
the Severn with a flag of truce, and the demands I had
to make, in the name of his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent, on the Dey of Algiers (of which the accompany- '
ing are copies ; directing the Officer to wait two or three
hours for the Dey's answer, at which time, if no reply
was sent, he was to return to the flag-ship; he was met
near the Mole by the Captain of the port, who on being
told the answer was expected in one hour, replied that
it was impossible. The Officer then said he would wait
two or three hours ; he then observed, that two hours was
quite sufficient.
The fleet at this time, by the springing up of the sea-
breeze, had reached the bay, and were preparing the
boats and flotilla for service, until near two o'clock,
when, observing my officer was returning with the sig-
nal 'lying that no answer had been received, after a de-
lay of upwards of three hours, I instantly made the
signal to know if the ships were all ready, which being
answered in the affirmative, the Ql:een Charlotte bore up,
followed smby the fleet, for their appointed stations, the
flag, leading in the prescribed order, was anchored in the
entrance of the Mole, at about fifty yards diAtance. At 11
this moment not a gun had been fired, and I began to
suspect a full compliance with the terms which had been
so many hours in their hands; at this period of profound
silence, a shot was fired at us from the Mole, and two at the
ships to the northward then following; this was promptly !
returned by the Queen Charlotte, who was then lashing to
the main-mast of a brig, fast to the shore in the mouth
of the Mole, and which we had steered fur, as the guide
to o•Ir position.
Thus commenced a fire as animated and well supported
ai, I believe, was ever witnessed, from a quarter before
three until nine, without intermission, and which did not
cca e altogether until half past eleven.
The ships immediately following me were admirably
and coolly taking their stations, with a precision even be..
yond my mast sanguine hope ; and never did the British
flag receive, on any occasion, more zealous and honour-
able support. To look further on the line then imme-
diately round me was perfectly impossible, but so well-
grounded was my confidence in the gallant officers I had
the honour to command, /hat my mind was left perfectly
free to attend to other objects, and I knew them in their
stations only by the destructive effect of their fire upon
the walls and batteries to which they were opposed.
I had about this time the satisfaction of seeing Vice-
Admiral Van Capellan's flag in the station I had assigned
to him, and soon after, at intervals, the remainder of his
fligates, keeping. up a well-supported fire on the flanking
batteries he had offered to cover us from, as it had not
been in my power, for want of room, to bring him in the
front of the Mole.
About sunset I received a message from Rear-Admiral
Ililne, conveying to me the severe loss the Impregnable
was sustaining, having then 150 killed and wounded, and
requesting would, if possible, send him a frigute to di-
vert some of the fire he was under.

The Glasgow, near me, immediately weighed, but the
wind had been driven away by the cannonade, and she
was obliged to anchor .again, having obtained rather a
letter position than before.
I had at this time sent orders to the explosion vessel,
under the charge of Lieut. Fleming, and Mr. Parker, by
Captain Reade of the engineers, to bring her into the
Mole ; but the Rear-Admiral having thought that she
would do him essential service if exploded under the bat.
t cry in his front, I sent orders to this vessel to that effect,
which were executed. I desired also the Rear-Admiral
might be informed, that many of the ships being now in
flames, and certain of the destruction of the whole, I con-
sidered I had executed the most important part of my in-
Aructions, and should make every preparation for with-
drawing the ships, and &sired he would do so as soon as
possible with his division.
There were awful moments during the conflict, which
I cannot now attempt to describe, occasioned by faring
theship so near us, and I had long resisted the eager en-
treaties of several around me, to makc the attempt upon
the outer frigate, distant about 100 yards, which at length
I gave into, and Major Gossett, by my side, who had
been eager to land his corps of miners, pressed me most
anxiously for perrnh,sion to accompany Lieut. Richards in
this ship's barge. The frigate was instantly boarded, and
:n ten minutes in a perfect blaze ; a gallant young mid-
:hipman, in rocket boat, No. 8, idtleugh forbidden, was
.la.cl by-his ardent'sTirit to fullov in support of the barge,
in which he was desperately wounded, his brother officer •
killed, and nine of his crew. The barge, by rowing more
rapidly, had suffered less, and lost but Lao.
The enemy's batteries around my division were about
ten o'clock silenced, and in a state of perfect ruin and di-
hipitlation ; and the fire of the ships was reserved as
much as possible, to save powder, and reply to a few
.guns now and then bearing upon us, although a fort on
the upper angle of the city, on which our guns could not
be brought to bear, continued to annoy the ships by shot
and shells during the whole time.
Providence at :his interval gave to my anxious wishes
the usual hind mind, common in this bay, and my expec-
tations were completed. We were all hands employed
warping and towing cif, and, by the help of the light air,
the w —le were under sail, and came to anchor out of
reach of gulls about two in the morning, after twelve
hour; 'laces:4la labcux.
