itt tTT.

Our Eitaa, Centitution atxli Aatuci.

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1816.

glory of the British empire have attained the limits of
earthly greatness. History,. that has recorded the course
et so many nations from infancy to maturity, from weak-
ness to strength, has never graced her annals with so
noble a theme, as the progress of our country to her
present elevation. The wars of Rome and of Carthage
shook the world, but did not change its fate. The con-
queror, whoever he might be, only held forth chains to
mankind, and .he triumph of the Roman Eagle was the
slavery of nations. Far above is the glory of England,
and far above her power. F7he has conquered, and the
world is free. Where her :ant has not smitten, her ex-
ample bas fired. But if i.e resign that power which
has been found unconquerable,—if she suffer the spirit
of life to depart from her councils, and niggerdly econo-
my to palsy all her faeultie:,—then may her Ministers
he justly arraigned, and in the downfall of its guardian,
the world may anticipate the revival of despotism.

IMPERIAL. PARLIAMENT.
HOUSE OF LORDS, MONDAY, APRIL 1.
The Marquis of Bath preseutcd a Petition from the Wiltshire
Agricultural Society, complakting of the Distressed State of I
Agriculture, and praying relief.
TUESDAY. APRIL 2.
The Doke of Sussex presented a Petition from the Ward of
Cripplegate Without, against the Stauding Army, and the enor-
mous Public Espenditure.
The Earl of LAL ncRnaLP said, that Government must be
aware that sonic speedy relief oust be given to the Agriculture
of Scotland; for they must know that a defied in the Revenue,
arising from that part of the cuuntry, amounting, he believed,
to 97,0001. had taken place in the months of Dee. and Jan.
Lord HOLLANn,in presenting a Petition from the Freeholders
of Middlesex. agaiust the S:andme Army, congratulated the
House on the increase of knowledge in the country displayed
in this Petition. He also presented a Petition from Norfolk
en the same subject; and also praying for relief to the Agri•
cultural Interest. It was by the voice of the people that the
Income-tax had been got rid of-, and it' they would only come
forward in the &sale manner, they would also get rid of the
enormous and useless Establislinvnts. Let theme not listen to
what would he said by persons balding offices-ander Govern-
ment, that these Estaislislinseede .ere absolutely necessary.
Let them persist in calling for ttgdiiction, and Government
wonld soon begin to retrench. &ft believed Government had
now reduced the Military Establistmeut 250,0001. in compli-
ance with the voice of the country. This was but little; but
if the people of England called on Parliament for further re-
duction, Ministers would be oblteed to retrench still further
their lavish expenditure of the public money.—The Petitions
were then read.
Lord Roeti wished the higher orders, who had been relieved
from the Income-tax, to conic forward with a vulumitary sub-
scription to the amount of that which they would have paid to
this tax, fur the relief of time haver orders. He also hoped,
that the people would not be further burtheued on the Assessed
taxes.
STATE OF IRELAND.
The Martinis of &CBI/WHAM rose to move for a Committee i
to enquire into the State of Ireland. In doing so be felt cm-
, harrassed, because the picture was so large a one, that he
hardly knew in what point of view to place it before their
Lordships. 'Die grievances he complained of were those of
the whole of Ireland—the rich impoverished, and the lower
orders enslaved. if called on for documentary evidence, it
would consist of immense mania from the history of Ireland,
spewing Governments radically bed ; which, by attempting to
govern by dk ision, had only united the whole population
against themselves. His object, however, was not to enquire
into the origin of this system, bit what the means were of cor-
recting the evil. To look to tit& past only for instruction, and
to bid the people of Ireland la* to the future with Lope; to
govern with mildness and conciliation. Be might, without
stating any reason fur his motion, call on Ministers to show the
House the present state of Ireland. But Ministers had ad-
mitted the existence of the evibi, when they called on Parlia-
ment fur so large a standing force in Ireland, and for the power
of suspending the laws iu that country. The House was called
on teeshew that there were ether means of protecting Ireland
than by ruling her like a cenquered cousitsv, by placing over
her a military garrison in time of peace. It was impossible to
look into the state of Ireland without looking also at the pre-
scut state of the Catholic Question, and which was their duty
to remedy. He would restore the Catholics to every office of
trust, profit, or rank ; except that be would not Mew a Ca-
tholic Chancellor to be the keeper of a Protestant King ; that
there shouhtbe no Catholic fellows of Colleges; nor would he
be for allowing Catholics to stipem intend the education of Pro-
testant youth; but he would encourage the education of Ca-
tholic youth, that they might nut be forced to seek protection
in other 4'lllllllNieS. The King too should have a controul over
the nomination of Catholic Bishops. With these guards, and
Win* others which alight be penned omit, the renwmly would be
safe and easy of application. The es ii of •i-thes arose flow
the mode of go, eiumg Ireland ; it was taken off the great
lavillodder, and put un the poor peasant. The riches of Ire-
land tin merly consisted in pavan: lands, and consequently a
t, the was put on cattle, until a ClattlLlllr was 'allied by the
English patty in time country, winch was most powcrtnl. When
that tithe was taken off the Protestant latolhoider, the Catholic
peasant repined to pay a ty the to s44!,port a chard% winch
in imposition to the religion he proiessed. 'I he einployouret
of l'roctors was a.source of many woes to Iceland. The
