,POUT

• ....i.....
The intelligence received from Spain in 'the course of
this seek, wilt afford every man, who is interested in the
cause of freedetn, and justice, the most unspeakable gra-
titication The unconditional surrender of Du PoaT and his
army, s hit h was so frequently anticipated by the wishes of
the peop.e of this cquatry, has, at last, taken place on the
20th of last month.. Tbis,&cieive event, with the capitula-
tion of anotiier curpsof about-8000 meh, which was hasten-
ing to ti.s assistance, has freed the southern provinces of the
peninsula front their oppressors. From Valencia, Murcia,
Arragon, and Leon, tile accounts are equally gratifying.
They confirm the defeat and annihilation of !KONCRY'S
corps, the failure of a new attempt against the city • of Sa-
ragosra, the retreat of Bassignes towards Burgos, where
the miserable. remnant of an army of more than a 100,000
of BoNS r says's best troops appear willing to unite. - They..
bring likewise an addressfrom the inhabitanlsof Murcia, to
other provinces, signed, among others, with the reiipect-
able name of FLORIDA &awls, tor the purpose of assem-
bling the Cortez, and forming a central Government. They
communicate the important intelligence, that after the
capture of DUPONT, the Andalusian army, under the brave
General CASTANos, which is mostly composed of: veteran
troops, is has:ening to Madrid, and that a -corps. had .al-
read) arrived a few -leap es from that capital., They speak
of the indefatigable exertions of General Bras 7, la organ-
izing and d scipiiniug his army, which is said•to amount to
more than 50,000 men. A part of thiternay •irintin pininit '
of Bar: agars, and harrassing him in hisepetteat-testairde 'gimps. Ihe arrival of 12,000 men, all'veteran tfotipi,
which garrigonei the Balearic Islands, wait daily ejected:,
The Canaries h ive manifested the saute spirit of rem:Mince.,
and indignation, :IS 'the inhallitints of Spain: at the :first ,
account they.receiTied of the atrocious perfidy of BORA-
I- tit Tin
E towards their Sovereigh and fatly; and there ,
.is •
is .t. a single possession of Spain, from whence we kure
!Ten as ytt able to receive any information, which'does
:sot bri attic vengeance against the French and their tyrant.
These accounts alv mention the arrival of Gen. CVEST.A, .
et Salamanca, aith the: artillery 'and cavalry, of viltoSe
: !ovi :news, after the battle of ltio Seco, no intelligence
cosilsi•be previously obtained. • The united leviei of Va-
ii•ticia and Murcia, 6t),000 strong, passed through Tuan-
e. on on the 27th ult. on their way to Madrid, front •h
it is too more than 45 noilei. It was the approach
(.
aritiy Which had occasioned the precipitate . ret 4 reat o -Jill
tokin BoyArAITE (ruin "Madrid, from which he took all the
plate and ever'', article of value belonging to the Court,
%IL:the could carry with him in his flight. On his entry
here, which took place on the 20th, notwithstanding the
nit r; which were published previous to his arrival, no ll-
minat on took place.; every window and every door were
sons. and nut a Spaniard 4ppeared in the streets, only
.ea ire c es who were not- natives, •and who were hired
" the PurNale, made a dismal noise- aboit his carriage.
tis inikuowa whither he has retired,•if 'went to condole
hh his Imperial Brother, or will.ietiten tO.Naples ; how.-
er, the tatter is not very-1164*We, as a flight from that
t)
may he mare difkuli, in case of iin insurrection
.on '
1- Part of his Neapolitan subjetti. 'The accounts liana.

a declaration of war against France.
Such are the important accounts received from Spain and
Portugal, in the course of this week. They surpass eves
our most ardent expectations. We have entertained no
-doubts of their ultimate success. But that they should
Alive scoured their country in a single month, of so 'for*
gable an army, commanded by the most distinguished Ge-
nerals, inured to danger, and intoxicated with former vie- . •
tories, is an event, affording as honourable a testimoni4l -
of Spanish heroism, as it is 'unparalleled in modern history.
That this event has not been anticipated but lky men, who
prefer death to slavery, and the subjugation Of.their coun-
try--by men, who are actuated with the same feelings
which encouraged the Spanish nation to spurn every kind.
of compromise with an individual, whose extrioedinarsr.,
military talents, whose success, whose vast resource‘
whose uncontrOuled dominion over the Continent, whose
crimes and whose.audacity induced• Europe to suppose that
resistance to his most licentious pretensions would be abso-
lute midges,. We
,repeat that this event his not been •
anticipated is proved by the disposal of the troopi, which
the tyrant employed for the nefarious project ofsuly ugeting
Spain. He already considered' that country as his .prey, . . •
and thought only •Of securing, it.. How happy it is for •.. ,
mankind, that hob ind the wretches'who serve him, have
.formed this-wOrThlesi C6ncliision of the• feelings of "a peo- Nn, .
Ple. After having been -guilty towards them of the most • R. r:;*
.flagrant treachery, aftirlaviiigseized on their capital and •
,•
stroll holds, after hiving. detained, .by au unparalleled
aCt :6fitcrtidyt their-Sovereign and Family, whoui
vited to Bayonne Under the'pretextvf arranging their.dit. -
foreaces, he had thOffroutery to snppOse that the simple. :
.enuneititiOn of his will was sufficient to. impose ou them-
alicitfier Sovereir.;n.' did not even. condescend to have
repel:se to the littlArta of conciliation, but with a brutal • .
lay' and sullen hauteur peculiar• to that iinperions upitart, • —;..-,•:•; •
he gave them a new grog,, without deigning to prepare • ,
.their minds gradually for so untxpected an..event. Th• •
nomination is made, and thenlWe drags a few reluctant
Grandees to Bayonne, to sanction. this atrocioui 'act ; where ,• • •
they have the mortification (they are men, and we lielieve •;,
the greater part of them very honest men) to witness the • ..,
debasement of their Sovereign and family. The reluctant ..
consent of such men, collected undersuch circumstances;
is the only formality he thinks necessary, in order to.change' •
the constitution and the dynasty of a powerful and ancien; . •
monarchy. Individuals puffed up with great power liq 4
great success have given a vast latitude to their desires; bat . •
. not a parallel example of insolence can be discevered in the
history of the most worthless ruffiani that ever scourged
mankind. Either extraordinary prosperity must have
..• vs
weakened his intellects, or he mustform a base and con- • :sz-: 7.
temptible opinion of the feelings; and understanding of
other men. Whatever were his sentiments or his motives,
he has been guilty of a gross and irretrievable mistal,e, it;
his appreciation of the moral and national feelings GI the
Spaniards. Ile has forfeited his fame. Fourteen years of
success and of victories, of great exertions and of greeer
crimes, are perhaps rendered null by.this single miscalcula-
tion. Wherever he looks he 'finds new difficulties amid
new objects to discqurage hies, Tile contest he cannot

1,:p•

- -,-

• ~.~.

I.

~ 1

1
. .- :

r..

•

..t.,"2.

.- -

.• .

. '

impolownwiiimirurrivi,,LlTtris...
...,,.,
~...1,=......err.7.
..
~
AUGPBT -lA.. ..THE NATIONAL SIECMITER.
.1410
.:•
. t , • • , -• , .• , , - - . • li . , I
0 C RESPOICRENTS.- .• ..: ..i..'"! '`,..POTtagat lirt es stilly pleaillik: ''er idtteariinhaci.i.* . .•
. .. .
. . .
W.;sktfir 6iiiiediosiliseli with the ;wok's So which J.
_pow entirety iMpricticaMe, and we may daily look 'for-
contents are Milled.. A. we have foot etroilsslatiad a setts ward testa account °this army-kaving surrendered to Sir
a Essa‘s on thorPo raLki PSC& CUSRII otriilii eithaation, Alrtlllia Wzi.i.astay, who effected his standing ittlenichy,
we cauceived we could rat des better than entrust-his Remarks: wad wham advanced guards, according to • the kitcst &e-
-to the Writer of oar Theological Strictures I whole viemso, coon* have reached Mafra, whichis skint 25 miles from .
we are informed, partly coloetde with the wishes of this Cori`
~. ..... informed,_ partly ' Lisbon. His army amounts to 14,000 Men.' Geo. SpitOcaa .. • •
• • .
retpauleHil. sailed with the force under his command, •consisting of •
..,. a
5,250 men, from Port St. Mary, on the 15th of Mb to 1.,,.,
Tits NA'CIONAL REGIS'ITit. , order to co-operate in the destined attack of JuttOc.. Tar , ......,..
Ito ---"iiwilloostaz& Readers will see, in another part of our Paper, a Prod,-
.. . LOnbott motion of the Panics
. - . val at the Brazils, containing an account of his negociatiorl
~.,,,
SUNDAY, AUGUST 14, 1111111 e with the French Government, previous to his departure.
the motives which induced him to take that resolution,
•POLITIC" Sr Alfr" OP Tail! wait.
••• • a derlitratins of -war garrainst Pronna • '.
