!tat .14.47PNA 4EP ISTIT •

~an, • • • • If' •4 n - • • - •
any Other person is a violation of a positive law, and ren-
.4rs a seloon and wile Ordinance u dead letter.
• 'Ketzebue has r6inqui:died his I>,a of Rinsim Consul
General az Konigsberg, bind has returned to Berlin, there
to resume Lis literary labtrars.
Ten members of the Spanish Cortes, de!ained at
Gasps, have been removed on beard of a chebeak, which
is to ronvey them to an uninhabited island in the neigh-
bottrhofsl of Najorea. [This is their reward for pre-
serv'oig the throne for Ferdinand.]
It is,said, in u letter, dated Vienna, Aug. 10—" It i.
known,.that the Imperial Cabinet has been fir some tim
oceupied with delibenniens respecting, the Order o
Malta ; and much curiosity has prevailed to know the re.
stilt. We.have at length learned, that the Order 'is tot
remain in its present state until its entire extinction ;
that is to say, that all the Dignitaries will continue to
enjoy the revenues and benetiee4 of the Order during
their lives ; the vacant vonneauderies will be given to
the professed Knights. The simple Knights already re-
ceived may iidlow their career, but no more will be ad-
mitted : and at the death of the Titulars, the mass of the
property will be disposed of it is generally supposed,
That it will be employed in forming n new dotation for
the Military Order of Muria There a, to which mere
consisteney and a snore extensive organization will be
given. Thai to the ground all the reports which
have been in circulation respecting the Isle of Lyssa, and
other parts of. the Adriatic. This woe:ore of the Em-
peror cannot fail to create a great sensation, and must
have much influence in the decision to be adopted by the
other Sovereigns. We are assured, that Count Niarv,
who has been- for some time at Vienna, is using endea-
vours to get the Archduke Maximilian appointed Grand
Master of the Order.

Lord Fsmouth is said to b 2 in possession of a complete
plan of the works at .11giers. NVe have also, it is said,
the soundings ; from which it has been ascertained, that
our line-of-battle ships can anchor within 150 yards of
the Mole. The town is exposed to open view from the
ships, and lies completely within =tyr'.e of Congreve
rockets, shot, and boaibs. The mortars which have lawn
provided thr throwing the latter are very large. It is
said, that a frigate vas sent some time ago t'i bring off
the English Consul and his family ; as, should they fail
to make their escape before Lord Exmouth's arrival, they
might find themselves in a perilous situation.
Letters from Billwa mention, that /3ritish cotton goods
arc no longer admitted to entry in the ports of Biscay,
in consequence of a most.peremptory order receivid troot
Court ; the eNecution of which in the above port was
coutided to Gen. Longa. Several valuable seizures hail
been made.
It appears from the Report of the Commi,sioners of
the Crown Lands, thab Mr. White, one of their Receives,
has, in his official capacity, defrauded the Public of up-
wards of 40,0001. He WIIR one of those gaol-natured
who recommended to those who did not like
the country to leave it. He has now found it convenient
to follow his own advice.

A Filial Philosor her asserted at Brighton, so fitr back
as the 20th of June, that on the ;1.2 d of this month (Au-
gust), one of the enormous disks, or spots on the sun,
would evaporate, and afterwards the weather would Le-
come sultry. _ _

The Lord Chnm•ellor has appointed his son, the Hon.
.1. Scott, Receiver of Fines, in the room of Mr. renshaw,
deceased. _

EcoNomv.—lt is-announced, as a proof of the Econo-
mic views of Ministers,
That thew have already, since the adjournment of Par-
liament, reduced the army 10,000 men.
That the Ordnance expenditure is reduced from four
millions to (me.

That the Commissariat Departnnnt is extremely re-
duced.
That in the Barrack Department two of the Commis-
sioners have been reduced, and the other part of the Este-
blislnnent has been also reduced.
That the Transport Department is entirely abolished.
That the Commissary in Chief has been abolished, and
the Establishment reduced.
That about one-third of the Imp('lons General, In-
spectors and Surveyors of Tuxes are to be reduced.
That the West India Commissioners are to be reduced
from five to three. _ _

The Medical Board to be reaneed to one Member.

The Land Tax Registry Oilice is tole reduced.
A society of gentleman his been lately formed, with
the view of searching out the smirces of juvenile delin-
quency in the metropolis :—the improper conduct of pa-
rents, want of education and employment, and defective
state of the police, are anon,; the chief causes assigned in
the report of the Secicty —Some.' thousands of boys, under
17 years of age, are supposed to be now living by the
f of crime, and in connection with old thieves, with
whom they divide and dissipate the booty.
At the Assizes at Wells,. complete ciresses of men's
and women's apparel were shown to the Judges, to t‘.!:l-
- the advanced state of proficiency Ll tht. manufactur.;S
in die gaol ; by which it appeared that the dresses ‘N4:re
woven end made by the prisoners, the wullens bein:r ma-
nufactnred from the raw material ; so that the whole of
the prisoner 6 will be supplied with clothing. by the etliats
of flair inJustry, with a saving to the county of a vc7
co:lLL:ruble. eximice.

AtIGTIST M.

The fcllowing is an Extract of a ktter re.ruived fret
Cadiz by the Prince I rtic.st raeLet, arrived ut Fullauuth
with a Mail front Likon.

CADIZ, j% t.% lidt!it!on to the riptweß, made po opr
vrnols Ly the lusnt.gent privateers Nse are ..r.rry to,mcotion,o
report ot the matiture aNiellittrromito ry..eket the Al-
grthAys. We maletstatal• the packet tlehereil a mail biome
time f.iure at your plsce, aiftt i4te: rwsrdmitoctedvd to 4.;i614-
tar, and gnt armed."
"1.) Alr. Hat km
The packet alluded to is the Waliitigluun, Capt. Bul-
lock : she landed a mail at • Lisboa. cu her passage to-
Gibraltar, and was there armed, andl<ailed lam thence
on the 23a at June, from Malta.

A letter from • Brighton, dated Al:g. an, at :•—"
the anivnl of the Neptune }racket, Climetnan, last
night, we leant the pitrtiev a.r l:: 'lf a fittal , 4m.'ppe.
Saturday last the Naiwyy.a..kot. Capt. l'artriolgeofruo London,
arrived an' the harbour, %byre Ly 401 thel'wpnw";:s
out attempting to (loci the port. Oct .4nuday morning shook four
u•coal., a party of Otheers, altuut from the, CaMont,lionst,
took a Inca t and Went of to the ec.-ssel, and voi the I.l.iitin
to .ring-t.; this was not inintesliately remplie.l nth; it ten the
whole party fired a 5.0114 y of small amts: the shoth only darnam
her soils. The erew of the Nacry were intimidated, and, being
coin toted at the time, ran below for seriaity. Another voile y
was tired'; and we regret to state, two eiolaPtritek the Captain,
one of w Mete penetrated throndi his I ody.and another wenoth
hint in the neck. The ()diet us hoarded die vessel, and lorou,tlit
her to the pier-bead at Dielitte, when she was esantined, tot no
articles of root a band nods were food nu 'rite
in 1%‘4) lona. :tiler he was ss minded, lots it. g ss lie anal
• ten ehihlren to deplore thisnielaucholy catastrophe. The delay
of the enteritis the hao Ivor is not aeciinnted fur; and it is
sopposei: that the captain thou;lit ot' et ad ing the I unna
by keepiiii; nut at sea, which eseited on the panel' thy °Wiens
a soviet u that she was smuggling."

Extrat of a letter from Brighton, dated August 525 :
This morning, the Duke of Wollitigton, Captaia Cole,
arrived from Dieppe, with tIO passcn,ers, among whom
was a courier with an account of the lute stelancholy
aftiiir at Dieppe, toll:: hetlme the British Govennuent.7--
From the testimeny of two of the. sans of the de:Tose,
who arrived in the packet, the detail dues not materially
differ front the first report. An inquest was hell, con-
sisting of a French Jury ; whom the sons of the deceased
and the crew proved the facts above-stated;
.net withstand-
mg which, the Jury returned vertli.l—DiLq in cow.-
(pewee (4' his wowed: ! ! Captain Pari.ridge .fonu4lY
conunanded a packet on that station, and wau high,ly re.
spected fcr his humane and in,:ml conduct.

Douala M t.O ore.- - FAtraet era letter from Limerick. Apr.
1.:—" During our fee-Ives here, which have not yet closed, thrcv
men were found gtfOry, and pmsed by our moor this tnocuirig to'
belt mit. tar a .11111fder coinrnitted near a year ago, about ,ant,
oil', et a man and his wife. lie had taken a house contrary
to tit,. still I.l' the people • a party went to his house, and beat
him far taking it, on whiA he lathrtned a neighbouring Magis-
trate ; when, shortly eller. abont finty entered the village
si here the man lived ; and after placing two nom as guard; int
each Moose in the village, they attacked ill' home, and mordert d
lain mid his wife in a most shocking nullifier, stabbing the wo-
man first in dinerent parts of Per body, to make her put away an
intent she held in her anus tn.avehertront their fury : a dangle-.
ter, about 13, escaped, and the infant."
Tr etalay as a poor man of the name of Franklin, lint better
known in the neighbourhood of 1/fury-lane by the name of the
" I ioly Fly," stag going along Drury-lane in a state et' inebri-
ation, followed by a of boys, as he value opposite
Mr. Bonn's, at broker, No. 33, be was pushed upon the railirgs ;
which being very omit 'ls decayed,Gate soy, and the poor nl,ut
W. 11% •irecipitated hitt, the area, by which hi, leg was broken,
and Lis head t upon which he fell) %I as fractured in a dreadful
manner. He was then taken into -a AllrZenlll4% shop r.est deor,
where his wounds were dress?fl; which was scarcely thine
before a paor woman, named ,tears Kelley, residing in White
Dart-yard, was brum;lit in with her infail child; she also had
fallen &min, and to save the child, had thrown It on the pave-
we'll, Ly sl hich it received several severe eantusiwis, bat the
1 wonuns m coped unhurt.

A most alarming fire broke wit chola eight n'elork on THPII.
day, the Lith instant, in the a orkshop of AiNon,
'lllo.ti nbcr t, Ip%Wiell, adjoining the bank part of the The-
atre. There being in it a great quantity of shavings, deals,
and other dry wood, the blaze was most terrifie, and iii go
minutes the roof in. It aus soon ihsca% crest OW the harm s
had commutheated to the Theatie, the preservation of abide
excited much sensation, as its destruction, from the indanneu-
batty of its materials, would, in all probabiiity, have inv caved
the houses on each side of it in one coninion ruin: the must re-
salute and persevering exei lions alone saved this building
from the fury of the flames. The ponds id*Christ Church were
opened, and the current being ten d towards the premises,
gave a copious supply of vi stet. ; and Mr. J. Head lee off the
a :nor reserved for brewing., which, in the tint iostanee, proved
of great ,err lee. The number of persons who soon coil. ctol
nom all parts of the town was very gyro., and the endeavoill
of :$ll classes to as art and lessen this calamity is ere nasty prui•
worthy. 'Very I.tile of ,ir. Mason's stock WAR saved ; btu the
hentre sustained no other injury thou the destruction of part
of the di essing. rooms.
Tuesiley aflcrmsm a large blue flag-gone was placc.!
twer tiie grave el Mr. Sheridan in Punt's Corner, West-
minster Abbey, with the following inscription
ItICUARD
Born 1;51,
• Dicd 7th July, MG.
This Marble is the Tribute of his attached Friend
Peter Moore.

VENTRiimoutim.-4 ventribloist has been bantshed from
the states of Parma for some unlucky soceitnons of his. art.
Volowinz iOs, ..al procession to Flaisanee, he heard the
he,rer of 'be cross ask oa which side he shotthl turn, the pro-
et pfion huviiig arrived Ili a cross way. The ventrilotposl,
ionita,im. the soke or the deceased, said. When i was ink
I w rot on the xii:e where s; e arc." These woo ds spread too roe

moon; ilst r. tile pa I:Ncry (1111. 11C.I. auri the deusl W:t3
left alone. 1111 another instance. under the poi tied %%here
alien; i, sold, there is a pin% U•luitul prison tlesiiiier: 14 these
distorir the udr.lket. 111 e ventriloquist ornt lotth his ero•.4

kg if tkie.e 4.1• a paGr prisoner Nth by a 111114 e.ii. lilt' in'
of thq town. together with the ettplai awl it , aSPer I.
111% tut hick a discovt-rell, and the yew' tleltii,t
grroted.

;1111.? -nbi--;1",t, :Li m i Li- .

The plan of ,preyaving,Cinubertmd rionsecor the resi-
dency cl Princess Charlotte and Prince .1.c0p.11 is aban-
doned. 'f he illustrious con pie have read ved , ratl ka• tl tan add
• to the lauthens of ,the nation, to accept of apartments in
Kensington ,Palace. They ore to
.have those formerly
occuniul by the Princess of Vales, to which the Duke
Of Kent's will he annexed during his Royal liighnem's
absence on the C.mtinent. We need not sny, that the
r,vcives which intluynw,the Princess Charlotte and her
,Consort in this choice will insure their own liappina&s,
and establish them in the hearts of the people. They
.fplly to perceive, that their high condition
*cannot ix
.c.x4s4ed, ,but Inv ,be tbsiatsv4l, .147 Folpile ex-
pule.

The,prcparations at ,Claremont, fir the reception of the
Princess Charlotte and Prince Leopold being• completed,
the gr:atcr part of their household domestic left Camel-
tinil-house on Friday.
Friday Prince I.copold rode nut on horseback, attended
sir ,Robert Gardiner, and visited the Duke and
I )ucheis of Cumberland. Her Royal Ilighticss is intlis-
osed, and confined to her apartment.

His Itopd Highness the Duke of Kent and suite.cm-
)aaked nu Tuesday morning la the Chichester packet,
NO sailed innnetUaLcly for Calais.

The Duke of Clarence recovers very slowly from his
latc,ithupting indisposition. His Royal igl t nes.s continues
very wwic, and tenable to sit up longer than one hour in
the day. None but his immediate tinnily are allowed to
sce him. j-Ji:s amiable daughters are unremitting in their
titre anti attention.

The Queen appeared very much affected when deli-
vering her answer to the A 1* of the City of London,
uptm the marriage of her daughter, the Princess Mary,
with the Duke of Gloucester ; Ina recovered herself' and
conversed freely with the Lord Mayor upon the fatigue of
las office, and lamented that his engagements prevented
lam front going into the country.
THE Rot•.tt, SOVI RIG N 'Van T .—This superb vessel,
the most splendid, beyond all comiXiiison, ever launched
in England, came out of Doptford-yard last week, and
trillshortly sail to Brighton, f w the use of his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent. • Of the exterior• it may. be
unnecessary to speak.—The descent to the state raoms is
in• an easy winding staircase, the halustmies of width era
mahogany, richly carved and gilded, and the well is Fun-
nelled is the same style.—The atter and renter cabins, and
the passage communicating with the Lerd-in.\Vaiting's
abin beyond, are Funnelled witherimson damask, bordered
with nialuwiny enriched with gold.—The ceilings and
doors are of line •maitoguny, the pounds beautifully bor.
dered with carvings, so richly gilt and highly finished,
that they appear as if of the solid metal.—Chains and sofiis
of crimson damask in frames of mahogany and gold, sur-
round the rooms. The doors, of which there are four in
the centre cabin, are covered with mirrors. All the win-
dows arc of pate glas.4, and both these and the blinds arc
drawn up like those of a coach. Their deep sides arc pain-
ted scarlet.—From the ceilings arc suspended gilt chains,
as if tin. Grecian lamps; but these arc to suspend the tables
that they may sway with the vessel, when in motion.—
In the after-mhin the rudder-post, which comes down
there, is inlaid on three sides with mirrors, so that none
of the wood appears. Below the stern windows are Otto-
mans of crimson damask. The carpets are in slettlos of
deep green and yellow, The room of the Lord-in-Wait-
ing is pannelled in white and gold ; the chairs of scarlet
leather.

By th 2 lat2st alviecs from St. Petersburg, we learn,
that Sir William Curtis, who some time ago sailed for
that port from England, in his own vessel, accompanied
by a party of friends, had safely reached the Russian
capital.
Cur). IlsoArrA.—Thursday, the Lord Mayor and
Lady Mayoress gave a magniticent treat to a numerous
party on the river. It was the Est Court of Conser-
vancy. The party embarked in the Lord Mayor's barge
soon after eleven o'clock, and went up the river to above
Richmond Bridge, when they removed on board the new
Navigation Barer, retard after the Lady MilyOEVO, the Iterio
Woad. This is the most capacious barge we ever saw on the
river. She is 1441 feet in length, and by lire peculiar consti lie-
Von is finely ada2teil to fetes like Volt ofTiotrsday, which was
truly superb. The tinein ss of the day --the tututbrr of sailing
boats thut floated round, tilled with elegant women, and ae••
companied by innsis•---thl banks crowded with company—and
the lovely scenery on both sides, throng!' which they passed,
made it n most eNliiiir.:!;nr, sight. Ills Itaval Highness the
I of Sussex went on hoard at I lantiner.mith, mid the Duke
of Cambridge, acrompanie,l by Sir Carnally atolLady !bagger-
Mon, at Twiek voltam. The young family of the Duke of
Orkin s alto came on hrtrofi; and the barge smr.funied by an
immense another of yarlfts,und boats of all descriptions, glided
up as far as Te,b1:11:;ton, sm,l then ic:ntor,l to opposite Mr.
Itrent's charming villa at 'fwiel.enham, where th!, company,
consisting of uhent one hundred Indio; anti cent leuuten. sat
down in the dining•roant of the barge, to a spit mild dinner,
pr.n.illt:l by Bitch Art(l" Cit. Itis Royal Ilighttess the Duke of
Stis,ex, 11 Alency the Ate^rieau Antha,sinsor. the M.ll.
Ernvilic of t:,,prell. I Nil Erskine, 1.1.1 a ‘r:hur
or the Aldr!tarii and 1114 it I.ndles, the nherilin and 1.041 y Nell;
AT. Ace. stipno..l-..t1 the I,orl end I.ndy MAs'ooess. The dinner
C011.4i4t1.11 I eV y de!icary ef the season- —mid it wa., culls 01,41
by Ores of the very hint order of merit—for Mr,. Itilthizton,
litre. salmon, Plr. end Ittrs. • Ati,a Omulal!, Sir George
SmArt, HMI W. Hitt ,:s,coinbia.;:f their lice taktr.4 he the cm.,
catti:m tel •

NATIONAL

ETZTSMIT:
DISTRESSES OF TIIE COUNTRY.

We still continue to receive from all parts of the coun-
try the most distressing. accounts ; and are assured by our
C;trrespondents in the ntanufaeturing districts, th::t
memorial of their situation has been recently transmitted
to the Secretary of State's Office. The poor-rates, par-
ticularly in the neighbourhood of Coventry, already ex-
ceed the rental ; and the Churchwardens have been under
the necessity of giving, notice, that the poor-houses can
hold no more ! The people in many places are lying about
the roads without shelter, and besieging the stage-coaches
with their importunities ;—indeed, were we to repeat all
we hear, the recital would appear more like a tale of fic-
tion than of reality ; and, paradoxial as it may seem, we
should be injuring the cause of truth by not withholding,
the truth.

•
The 'inhabitants of Exeter have les.enectiheir paro-
chial rates full 10001. per annum, by establishing a pot-
tery, and employing the pan: therein.

We copy the flowing paragraph from the Stamford.
Paper, which we received Saturday :—[A more daring
attempt to intimidate, and check the course of justice
has salmi occurred in our annals. In snore of the
Country Papers, we see, ellin-ts are made to create sym-
pathy tin- these men, and to induce a belief that their con.
duct has been produced by distress and want. That
would not tam' the least justification of riot and dis-
turbance, were it true. But it is notoriously false.
These Luddites would aggravate distress instead of al-
leviating it. Their detestable practice is, to destroy the
means of employment, to dry up the sources by which in-
dustry is nourished. They are the bitterest and deadliest
enemies to their country in their hearts; for by prevent-
ing the use of that maehinery, which gives our trade
a superiority of circulation in all other countries, they
would render us dependent upon foreigners. Such are
the Luddites.]

" 'rite late trial at Nottingham of the Luddites lasted till
half-past two o'clock on the Sunday morning! As the evening
advanced, rie conduct of the audience, particularly in the
outer hall, berame very tumultuous : the lights were put oat 11
the crowd, who called not "No lights here !!" Esery thing
in favour of the prisoners was applauded by clopping of bands ;
and when the prisoners were declared N.l Gorily, the verdict
was received with three cheers within the Hall, and three
times Co( e wilhoot. Uuwords of lien tPumswei men were col-
lected, the nuirr pgrt of %ilium had bticloi, and some are sup•
posed to have land retro* ermeeetert. What the ett:•ct would
have been had a verdict of Guilty been prononured against the
prisoners. it is ',hacking to think! It it confidently said, that
no more Asi.ites sy;tl be told at Nottingham; but that Newark
wil!iu future be the assize town for the county."

EMU RATION THOM InEt Avn —The ships Samuel
and Neptune Lave arrived at Amboy, with coil' :;0 pas-
sengers from Newry, Ireland ; and: the brig Nilo, with
passengers from Belfast. The Samuel having landed her
passengers at Amboy, came round to this city this morn-
ing. She left at the port of Newry nine sail of British
vessels, preparing to take in passengers ihr the United
States, one of which loud :;511 tamely engaged.—New
York Commercial Advertiser, July 17.
The Limerick Cliruni& says, " Three artificers, who
left this city a few months ago, in the Samosset, to seek
work in America, retnrned in the Cognac packet, which
arrived here front New York on Wednesday last."
It is notorious, that when an American Captain takes
over a ship-load of passengers from England or Ireland,
if he has any demand upon than, real or fictitious, he
has, on his arrival, the right of aling them for a term
of years. That nothing iS more common than this arti-
fice of the Captain, of pretcndirg that the wretched peo-
ple were brought out by hint on the condition of devot-
ing their industry for certain periods without reward ;
and that they arc liable to be re-cold during their servi-
tude, in the event of the death, or even at the caprice,
of their first purchaser, is proved by the advertisements
that frequently appear in the American Papers ; where-
in it is quite common, even to this day, to see announced
tier sale, " the remaining time of the Indentures of a
strong healthy Irish Woman, fit fir all kinds of house-
work ; a few healthy kW: SerroAe, of both sexes, be-
tween 17 and 21, to be seen on board the America! brig
, just arrived from ('uric," &c. &c. These are
horrible truths ; they cannot be controverted : and
though there are both Hibernian and German Societies
instituted in all the large towns South of Connecticut,
and who are called by the Amerimns, by way of
Redcmpliuners, they have not the means of repur-
chasing the freedom of their countrymen, but Can only
do all in their power to ameliorate the condition of their
servitude or slavery. It is vain to dissemble, that the
great stimulus to emigration is the general distress of
agriculture, arising' from the late, but now decreasing,
system of hh2,4x rents and large fitrins; and mold we
open to public view the nrcana of our Board of
culture, what a picture could we unßild, to the astonish-
ment of every man who is not a landholder or a farmer!
answers to the late Greglar Leper of that Board,
tan the present state of Agriculture, contain filets of the
most alarming and appalling nature ; and we will ven-
' tore to say, that if the hints tl:ey have received be
not submitted to, and acted upon by, the Legislature, it
will he impossible ever to overcome the general mi-
sery that prcvalcs the hirgltwa from one e:;tre!,l47 to
the other;
