THE NATIONAL REGISTER

COURSE OF
Amsterdam, 12 14 C. F.
Ditto, at sight, 19 11
Rotterdam, 19 13
Antwerp, 12 10
Hainhargh, 38 7
Altana, SS 6
Paris, 3 days' sight, 25 80
Ditto, VG I i
Botirdeaux, 26 15
Frankfort on theMsine,l3o4
Pateri.barrsh, 94 3 U.
Vienna, E. Flo. 10 20
Trieste, EC Flo. 10 20
Madrid, 20—Cadit, 38
Bilboa, 351 Boredom', 35

PRICE
Bonk Stork t 25
$ per Cent. Red. 72f
3 per Cent. Consols ISf
3j per Cent. 89.1
4 per Lem. 90i
ISper Cent. Navy 108 i
I.nwt Ann. IS 913

M►r 4.

...... _ _ _
1311—Gibrollor,1101
Leghorn, 41--Oenoo, 44
Malts, 44—Venice, 27 00
Naples, 994—Lisbon. 50
Oporto, Nl—Bahia, 56
113 i
Palermo 113

ei per cent.
Cork, di per eted.
Foreign gold in bus, 91. 17s.
104.1. tier os.
New DonliiJona,
New Dnilsirs, 4%. 10d.
Silvvr in bars, siandard, 4s.
Id.

'STOCKS.
Osmium 0.
Imp. S per Cent. 71
India Honda 44
India Stock 230 f
Elielacquer Bill: 6s. dia.
Cous. for Ac. 731
[omen, Tickets £l4 14..

TliE NATIONAL REGISTER.

IL onton.
MONDAY, MAY 7.
-is.-

The Paris parrs of Tuesday and Wednesday last
have arrived. There were none published on Thurs-
day, the preceding day having been entirely devoted
to the festivities in celebration of the baptism of
the Duke of Bourdeaux. We have no later ac•
counts of the progress of affairs in Spain, Italy, or
Turkey, than those furnished by the papers pre-
viously received.

Advices from Sicily state, that fourteen vessels
perished in the port of Palermo in a storm that
lasted three days. It is said that a greet many
vessels were also wrecked on the coast of Sarditria.

The Five per Cent. Consols are 82 f. 25 cents
Book Actions 1,546 f. 25 cents.

The vacation having expired, the two Houses of
Parliament have re-assembled—in the House of
Lords no important motion has been brought for-
ward ; in the Commons the Army Estimates have
been proceeded with, and numerous reductions
moved by way of amendments; these have, it is
true, been negatived on divisions, but they are not
without their attendant benefits—in the first place,
they prove the infamous extent of extravagance to
which an Administration will go when it is sup-

ported by its owa minions of corruption, to support
whom the expenditure is in part requisite, and that
a opposition to nine-tenths of the people who con-
tribute to subsist the reptile breed—in the second
place, through the independent part of the public
press, it will be known who support such a set of
Army Estimates, which knowledge ought to act as
a proscription on a future election—and in the third
place, by pointing out the increasing necessity of
Reform, it will, we hope, be the means of uniting
the Reformers of every class—the most moderate

with the more extensive—the Whigs with the Ui.
teas or Radicals—and if ever such an union take
place, the present Farce will have approached its
last Act—a Reform cannot be resisted by the few,
if the malty resolutely insist upon it; and however
unwillingly they may consent to it, a Reform they
must submit to, as soon as all the parties who wish it
unite to enforce it by every legal means, and that
day, we believe, is not far distant.

The late Mr. Pieschel, by his will, proved in
Doctors'-commons, has bequeathed to his Royal
Highness the Duke of Gloucester the sum of
20,0001., on account of the good opinion he enter-
tained of his Royal Highness's public conduct,
which he describes "as an example to others." He
also discharges him from the payment of the further
sum of 6,0001. due on mortgage. Mr. Pieschell's
personal property is sworn under 350,0001. out of
which a considerable sum is bequeathed to various
charitable institutions.

A letter from Portsmouth, dated April Su. says,
--" Arrived the Redwing, 18, Capt. Hutto, from
St. Helena. She lett that place on the Bth March,
at which time Bonaparte was understimxl to be as
well as he hail been fir some time He had not
removed into his new habitation. The Redwing has
brought to England a large mail from the Cape and
St. Helena.

The Bishop of Winchssier.—lt was highly credi-
ble to the memory of Mr. Pitt that he died poor.—
During his life-time, several of his friends lent him
1,0001 or 2,0001. each, upon bond. On his death,
when the same parties met to devise the means of
liquidating his debts, Mr. Geo. Rose set a good ex-
ample, by tearing to pieces his bond, Sir Charles
Long did the same—so did Lord Carrington, &c.—
They turned to the worthy Bishop, who owed every
thing to his pupil, and asked him what he would do.
To this the Reverend Prelate answered, that his
debt was of a very particular nature. He had in-
convenienced himself by the loan; but, to show his
good will, he would agree to take the books anti
effects of his friend, by appraisement, in payment of
his debt ! At this very time, if the library and
effects of the late Mr. Pitt had been brought to a
public sale, many noblemen and gentlemen, his fol-
lowers and admirers, were prepared to purchase
articles in remembrance of him at any price.

Tue Di scove Sutrs.—The Fury, Capt. Parry,
owing to an unfavourable wind, was towed down to
Nortlifieet by the Eclipse, steam-vessel, on Sunday
last, and the liecla, Captain Lyon, on Monday, they
will remain ut Northfleet for a few days, and then
drop down to the sore, from whence they will pro-
' ceed on their voyage direct about Sunday next.—
Their crews are in the best state of health and
highest spirits. The indefatigal4e and minute at-
tention which has been given to ensure the ultimate
success of the expedition, as well as the individual
comforts of those employed in it, reflect the highest
honour upon the Naval administration, and entitles
the Noble Lord who presides there to the unqualified
praise and approbation of the country. The emi-
nent qualifications of the commander of the expedi-
tion, Capt. Parry, and the merit of the second in
command, Capt. Lyon, are well known to the public
through their former services. Indeed both officers
have been selected without regard to any other re-
commendation than excellence of character and fitness
to command ; and, from the judicious measures that
have been adopted in fitting outfhe vessels, and the
unanimity that prevails among all employed in the
enterprise, every possible exekon of energy and
judgment may be confidently expected.
Caution to Porishes.—Ctn. V,,ednesday last, an in-
teresting case to parishes t on at the Warwick-
shire sessions. It was an apsdal against the removal
of a pauper, upon the ground that an indenture of
apprenticeship was illegal, when signed by the
churchwarden of a parish in which au immemorial
custom only to elect our churchwarden could not
be supported. Mr. Stockdale Hardy, from the Ec-
clesiastical Court, produced a number of ancient
documents to prove that, at former periods. TWO
churchwardens had been elected and acted for the
parish, which now ally hadalne churchwarden;
and the court upon the authomy of the case of the
King v Barsby and some others, quashed the order
of removal. We insert the case as a caution to
parishes in general, to elect two churchwardens in
future, unless an immemorial custom to send only
one can be established. An act has been introduced
into Parliament to cure the defect; but as it will
probably only have a retrospective effect, the cau-
tion as to the election of two churchwardens, is
necessary, in order to prevent future inconvenience.

There is a singular cireumstanee attending the
death of the Chinese who was killed by the fifth
mate of the East India Company's ship London.—
It appears that the man was shot by the English
officer by accident, while engaged in a boar hunt,
and there exists an old Chinese law, which has been
universally put in practice by the natives, and ge-
nerally exercised against foreigners, requiring the
life of another individual in expiation for the one so
destroyed, whether by accident or otherwise. It
was in the execution of this law that the govern-
ment laid an embargo on all the ships in the har-
bour, and some very serious misunderstanding might
have arisen; for the ship's company were deter-
mined not to suffer the life of a messmate to be sa-
crificed, had they not, on their return to their vessel
found that one of the crew, who was condemned to
undergo some severe punishment, had put a period
to his existence by hanging himself. The body of
the seaman was offered to the friends of the Chinese,
and accepted by them, and thus the affair ended.

Anecdote.—The conversation on board a ship,
where a party of gentlemen were dining lately, turn-
ing on the native wit of the Irish, the Captain re-
marked he had on board an uneducated " fellow of
infinite humour," who, strange to say, denied being
an Irishman, though he had the brogue strongly.—
A young son of Erin, who was present, expressed
a wish to see the humourist, and said he should be
convinced by one mord whether they were country-
men or not. The party adjourned to the deck,
where stood Paddy, washing potatoes. "And how
do you call (how things num V" exclaimed the young
" I'lase your honour," slid t'addy
(shrewdly perceiving the drift of the query), " we
don't call 'cin—we fetch 'em when we want 'cm !"


141

A novel machine, invented by a gentle:aim of
Christ College, Cambridge, was tried last week at
Newmarket. In shape it is nearly that of an isoceles
triangle, and moves with the great end forward, en
four wheels. It has a boom 32 feet long, and a very
high mast. It will arry twelve persons at the rate of
30 miles an hour. The axle of the hinder wheels
is fixed a rudder. It can go on a wind and tack u
a vessel at sea, and is capable of being so correctly
guided, that the pilot at pleasure can run the wheels
over a stone.
A Lisbon packet has just arrived, with advises to
the 23d ult. The despatches from the new Govern-
ment of Bahia, addressed to the Regency and
Cortes, and containing the whole of the details of
the revolution there, had been received and read in
the Cortes. Accounts had also reached Lisbon of the
declaration of Pernambuco to adhere to the Porto.
guese Cortes and Constitution, on exactly the same
plan which had been adopted at Bahia.
A Bourdeaux paper mentions a report, that the
vessel in which Gen. Pepe had sailed from Naples
had been cuptured by the Algerine squadron.
The Select Committee on the existing regulations
relative to the making and sale of bread, report to
the House of Commons their opinion, that for one
year at least Parliament should impose no restriction
as to the denomination of loaves, or their weight.
They do not recommend any alteration of the law.
so far as it relates to the adulteration of bread,
otherways than by increasing the penalties. They
desire also, rather whimsically, that bakers shall.
keep legal weights and scales in their shops, to weigh
bread when required, though they are at liberty to
make and sell it of any weight.
The Conslilutiormei contains a paragraph under
the head of Krajowa, in Wallachia, dated the 28th
of March, which states, that in a sanguinary battle
fought at Kudschuck, a town in Bulgaria, a great
many Greeks perished ; but it doesnot say to which.
party the victory belonged. It is asserted positively
that not only has the Turkish fortress of Galcr
fallen into the h Inds of the Christians, but that they
have taken upwards of thirty Turkish vessels on the
Danube, and have, according to their barbarous
custom, slaughtered the greatest part of their crews.
I his Itee intelligence is the repetition of an old- •
repot, •
Intelligence received by a commercial house in.
the City states, that a desperate and sanguinary con-
flict has taken place between the Greeks and Turks
inhabiting the city of Petrasso, in the Mores, and
that the city his fos the greater past fallen a prey
to the flames. We learn from the same authority,
that the spirit of national independence prevails
universally throughout all Greece, leading the -
Greeks unhappily, in every ia.tance- where the
opportunity offers, to stain their righteous cause
1 with the blood of their Turkish oppressors. The
Turks, in self-defence endeavour to retaliate, and
thus the whole of the provinces present one dreadful
scene of almost mutual carnage. We further learn
that the town of Smyrna has beets the scene of
similar outrages between the Greeks and the Tuggle
land that a considerable part of it has shared the fate
of Patrasso.
On Friday evening the anniversary festival of the
General Benevolent Institution, for the relief of
distressed artists of the United Kingdom, was held
at the Freemasons' Tavern, Great Queen.stroet.—
The institution is also intended for the relief of their
widows and orphans. About five o'clock the com-
pany consisting of nearly 200 persons, sat down to
dinner, his Boyal Highness the Duke of Sussex in
the chair, supported on the right by the Lord
Mayor, and on the left by Sir T. Bell, Mr. Blake.
M. P. Mr. Ord, M. P. and numerous penises of
distinction. Several speeches were made in support
of the institution, and a handsome subscription was
made by the company, who remained to a late hour.
In consequenee of Mr. Humes exhibition of abuse
in the ordnance department, an order has bees
reecived at the ordnance office, Dublin, from the
Master General and Board in this country, to sus-
pend all gratuities for length of service till further
notice ; and rimilar orders have been forwarded, it
is said, to the other departments in Ireland.
His Majesty held a Levee at Carlton Palace on
Wednesday last. The presentations were very nu -
memus, and among them was the Marquis of Lim-
donderry, on coming to his present title. And on
Thursday his. Majesty held a Drawing-room, which
was numerously used fashionabl, attended.
By an Act of Parliament, of the date of the 24th
of March last, it is enacted, that it shall be lawful.
for any court-martial, before which any non-com-
...

missioned officer or soldier shall be tried or convicted
of desertion, to direct, if it shall think fit, in addition
to any other punishment the vain may award for
such desertion, that the deserter b_• marked on the
lett side, two inches below the ari-pit, with the
letter 1), such letter not to be less than Indf an. inch
long, and to marked upon the skin with some ink, or
gunpowder, or other preparation, so as to be visible
and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

(hyoid Parliament continual from pare 119).

- _
former occasion t but he was interrupted by the Speeker.
Petition a ithdrawn—M r. P. Moue, however, stating that
a`ter consulting th. part), lie should Laing the subject for-
ward in some other shape.
Mr. S. COOPER asked when.
Mr, MOORE replied, he could not name the day until he
bad seen the party.
Lord STANLEY pre,ented a petition on the subject of
the West India and E•tst India sugar duties from the cham-
ber of commerce. Matielie,ter.
Mr. HENN Err wished to know when these proceedings
were to end. They had received the appeals of the old ship
timber traders; and now they were to be called on by the
West India sugar grower., and the dealers in human flesh.--
He eared not who he wounded ; he stood up for the people
of England against self-interest. They were entitled to
have the article at the cheapest rate.
Mr. GORDON said these remarks were quite uncalled
for. The bun. mother spoke in support of his plan fur
establishing u new Utopia; hut certainly the charge of
dealers in human flesh was little applicable now to the West
India proprietors.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER made some
few observiitions—but they acre not heard in the gallery.
Mr. BARHAM maintained that the West India proprie-
tors were entitled to protections that would enable them
to live so long es colonial trade was hampered a ith restric•
lions; and thought that on reflection un hon. member
would be sorry for his charge respecting dealer. in human
flesh.

Mr. BENNETT explained. Ile wanted to make no in-
dividual charge—but the system lie must condemn as one of
inhumanity.
Sir It. WILSON also condemned the system, observing
that chile it was encouraged in our West India Islands it
was made mailer of reproach against the States of America.
Dr. LUSIIINGTON said, there had been ■ very unne-
cessary outcry against his lion friend (Mr. Bennett.) The
remarks, however, were correct in principle. The system
of slavery was detestable. It was calculated to produce
every species of hardship and injustice; anal lie heard that
the boasted gangs of slaves looked more like gangs of ghosts.
He would never lose the opportunity of raising his voice
against such system.—Petition read and ordered to be
printed.

The second reading of the forgery punishment and other
criminal laws bills, brought in by Sir J. Mackintosh, were
postponed till the 16th, Mr. Buxton expressing the hope
th,t on such day the discussion would be allowed to have
plinrity.
Dr LIJSHINGTON moved for returns of sums paid to
Spain and Portugal on account of giving np the slave trade,

SUPPLY.--STATE OF EUROPE,—The Marquis of LON-
DONDERRY turned, that the house resolve itself into a
committee of supply, when
Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON rose. He deemed it his
duty to call the attention of the house to the state of Eu-
rope, which threatened the tranquillity and liberties of
England. He lamented that the subject had not fallen
into abler hands—but as he considered it of great im-
portance, lie could not abstain from endeavouring to per-
form what lie thought to be his duty. There had been
discussions, particularly in another place, as to the de-
clarations of the allies, and the proceedings against Na-
ples—but it was evident in which way the ministers'
wishes were directed. It was trite that they had heard
the explanations, but nevertheless they had not had any
distinct declarations, calculated to ensure to the country
that England would be permitted to remain at peace.—
They were told that the march of Austria was one of de-
fence, not with the view of aggrandizement; but they
beheld the powers of Austria—before which the Neapoli-
tans had retreated in a most extraordinary manner—
overrunning Italy in all direction; and Itu.sia was coining
forth in most formidable array. Tints in Greece there
was a general rising—Naples was subjected to the bloody
code of Austria—Spain had been necessitated to proclaim
martial law—and what was the state, what were the dan-
gers of England ? Seeing what course Russia was pur-
suing, could the noble lord give them assurance for the
continued repose of England I Russia had been pointed
out by Lard Liverpool, in 1191, as the most ambitious
power of Enrope ; why, therefore, were they not to dryad
the marchings of Russia? Naples might not be at the feet
of Austria—Russia might have thought of defence—but
what had her untold thousands to do in the South of Eu-
rope t The truth was, the tyrants of the Continent—he
could not call them by any other name—dreaded the
establishment of liberty wherever it was endeavoured to
raise the standard of freedom; in Nteolet they opposed
the Carbonari, in Spain they would oppose the people.
And yet the ministers of England remained inactive, buf-
feting those powers to be the dictators of the destinies of
• Europe. It was not the policy of England to suffer this.
He hoped that the noble lord, before the end of the ses-
sion, would propose a vote of credit, that the goverment
might be prepared for emergencies. He did not want to
urge the country into a war—but lie desired to preserve
its liberties at all hazards. He thought the noble lord
would nut do his duty if • treaty offensive and delensise
were not entered into with Spain and France, to act in
the event of the Russians approaching either territory ;
and to declare war against France in the event of that
power granting leave to Russia to pass fluent& the French
territories. He would also base a fleet prepared to
blockade the Russian ports, and thus to drive back the
Russian hordes in the event of their adopting any hostile
steps. 'rids country ought to lake a commanding attitude.
He was afraid that Rossia'and Austria were ouly eitterrc-
. ing. on an enlaiged scale, the principles of the noble lord
at Vienna, at Paris, and Aix-la-Chapelle. He wan alsaid
they would rettrrt upon the noble lad his own principles,
and that they would remind his lordship of the proceedings
at Hanover, in Poland, and elsewhere. He repeated
what he had often said, that the noble lot d at congresses
bed lost the noblest opportunity ever possessed by nego-
tiators to seem le the liberties of Europe. He was afraid
that they would tell the noble lord that lie had no right to
complain {that he had acted on ptinciples of pettyspo-
Rations. The only difference now seas, that a syatem of
grand spoliation was tube cat ried uu. All that had passed
since 1-14 was in oppu,ition to liberty. Principles acid
practices Lad cliaractet hied the conduct of the powers,
supported Icy the noble told, which did not become honest
men. The noble lord ought to speak out—these ought to
be no secrets—fur if these pussies 'ts ere to be sudered,
under the pretext of pt.tting doss n Carbutiat I, to dictate
to Europe, England might have to beg for existence, like
some of the powers ou the Continent. Ile had come fur
ward from the sincerest motives—ice considered the pre-
