NATIONAL REGISTER...

TH

with flowers. From all Cie windows, garlands and bunches of
flowers were showered down upon the Prince, who, accompanied by
a division ot mounted huntsmen, rould scarcely clear himself front
the joyful impetuosity of the delighted populace, who, in the pre-
cious feelings of the recovery of their property, crowded round this
pledge of it, so dear tf, t!:,:at. Every one would see him, speak to
him, and in his arms and on Lis breast, gave way to the sensation
which with irresistable force occupied all minds.
With no less high feelings did • the Prince reply to this vent ot
faithfid German hearts. National Guards and Citizens of all con-
ditions and religions, on foot and on horseback. formed in a motley
mixture the e:ose of this procession. His Serene Higlme,s, on
alighting, toe!: his quarters sit the Inn of the Red House, where
the Huntsmen havelhe honour of performing the duty of the guard
to his Serene HiJiness.
t1:-.2 evening there was a ball at the Opera-house, which was
honorred by the pi esenci et. his Serene 1-lit;:ne,s the Pectoral
native or t:v unit of the Inape.riat Russian Gene-
ral mid 'ommandcr ii; Chid Count de St. Feic,•t, and of all Cie
Kunsan Gew'ralA ;Ind Staff' Offirevi now in city. The
whole cit.., was sups rSiy illotninatC u.id the specri&es of the
only true expressions et' :nose lute national feeli,,gs which no foreign
dictate is able to produce, ii it ,:sees r.::t proceed from the fulness of
afiectionate and eonfislential minds, render' d thi• happy city at the
same tinie one of the must interesting and meinoranle that was ever
witnessed by our city.
Count de vet. Priest had entered this city on the f29th inst. at the
head of eighth c.,rps, and to which toe presence of the Russian
armies, is a certain security for its future tranquillity. The arrival
of the Crown Prince of Sweden is announced to take place in the
course of a few slays. His vanguard is aireasiy at (rappel.
T:ie value of the Itsis,iao rouble 'icing fixed at 25 per cent, the
inhabitants of Westphalia are to tae this paper money at the same
value as is cut rc.t in Prussia and Saxony.
•The oni in of the .i7th conbaled as follows :—linperious cir-
cumstances obliged his Majesty Jerome Buonaparte to depart from
this city. Although his-Majesty guts his faithful subjects for the
present, he is nevertheless confident that they will demean them-
selves with the same ie.ignation and the same tranquillity, for which
they baye.. always been distingnished.
Gorr F NnunGil, Nov. v9--Tseliernicheff has crossed the R hint
with 40e0 and had brought over a sample of prefects.
Seven hundred and sixty vessels are bound for England, and waiting
a wind.
ZEKST. P'7T ^B.—luring the last work raptured cannon have
been daily arriving, and froth 3tc 4000 French prisonners have
passed through this city on their way froto Leipsie to Berlin. Fresh
troops, and some hundreds of ammunition waggons, have also
passed through for the army of Saxony. From Wittenburg many
ot the inhabitants are continually ariivihg, driven out by hunger.
Aix la Csiapelle has a strong garriso. , and so has Bernberg. Skir-
mishes daily take place on the other side or the Elbe, and the
French continually retire nearer to Magdeburgle It is said that
there are still 15,000 cantuned within the walls of Makleburgh.
A great number of recruits arc now raised in the countries beyond
the Elbe.
DELIVerH, Nov. 4.—The cannonading of Torgan began yester-
day, sired at the third shot it took fire. In a sally made yesterday
from TUrgan, the Saxons took from the French six cannon and
three howitzers. The garrison in Torgan is very strong, but a
great mortality prevails. There arc above 8000 sick, of whom from
80 to 100 die daily. Fourteen hundred prisoners have been sent out
of Wittenberg. The garrison consists of two Dutch battalions and
one French.

FRENCH PAPERS.

IMPERIAL DECREE.
" Palace of the nuilleries, Nov. 27.

et NAPOLEON. &C. •

" We have de:•reed, and do decree as follows:
" Art. 1. There si,aU be placed at the disposition of onr Minister
Director of the Adonnistration of the War, mi the credit of the
Budget of 18t3, the sum of 211569,966 francs.
" The said so a shalt be carried to the distr;bution for December.
" It shall he dlktribnted among. the different chapters of the
Butiot of the Administration of the War Department, viz.
Endget_ of the Interior
Army •• • •

'luta' • 27,369,966

DEC. 5.

44 3. The said total amount of *7,56'9.966 francs shall be paid to
the departments, conformably to the subjoined Etat ; viz.
On the produce of die 30 centimes, levied ac- Francs.
cording to our Decree of the 11th instant 22,06r,69.2
AuJ ou the produce of the Laud Tax, fur 1614 5,5.)2,344

Making an equal sum . 27,569,966 .
.1. The Minister of the Administration of the War Department
shall, by means nr wisignments (Mandats) place the said sums at the
disposal of the prefects, to pay the requisitions made for the mili-
tary stores of foe tilted places, and the prow ision, forage, fuel, harness,
requisites for the hospitals, horses, or carriages fitraished by te-
quisi tient.
" 5. 'the Minister of the Administration of the War Department
shall direct to each Prefect a llordereau of the funds, which lee will
pace at his disposal, statilig the kind of articles to be furnished, for
this payment of which each credit is designed, and the prices at
th.'y are to be caleniated.
" 6. Tile Minister of the Treasury gill send a copy of this Bor.
dereio! to .;,c. Receiver-peneral of each department.
" 7 The Prefect shall deliver in favour of those who have ler-
uisl~ed as tides by requisition, assignments on the Receiver-Geveral
of the depattment, and the Receiver-achural shall pay them from
the pro:lnce of the contributions tnentionia in the first Article.
" 8. There shall he formed a Special flureau of liquidation, to
liquidate and pay without delay the articles. re ;Hired, and which
are furnished by the departments, as the basis of this liquidation wilt
be' the assumed, not the fictitious value which circumstances may
give to the provisions and articles thrnished, but their real value.
" 9. Our Ministers of the Aerministration of the War Department
of the Interior, and of the Imperial Treasury, are charged each, as
, far as concerns him, with the execution of the present Decree.
(Signed) " NAPOLEON.
" the Emperor.
The Duke of BASSANO.
" The Minister Secretary of State"

(Signed)

- -
Pants, Nov. 27.--For nearly a month, the enemy has been upon
onr frontiers, without daring to pass them ; the imposing attitude
of our invincible phalaexes, the devotion and ardour of all the
male inhabitants con tamed in our provinces of the Rhine. has
been sufficient to restrain their audacity and dissipate their foolish
hopes. But the danger is not passed. This generous movement
must be communicated to all parts of France ; the fire of patriotism
must animate all souls. - When the theatre of war was still far front
our country. When the cannon thundered only ou a foreign land,
' e might quietly cortemplate those terrible sports of Mars ;we
might lull ourselves in a pleasing security. But now it is no longer
time to slumber, we must no longer talk, we must act, we neat
chew ourselves worthy of those memorable and difficult periods
when the liberty of France was in danger.
When the enemy was posted twenty years ago in the plains of
Champaigne, and threatened vs with impending destruction, all
France, indignant, arose spontaneously, and the enemy retired
precipitately to his frontiers, and for whom was this movement
made ?—What had we to hope for on returning ta our homes ?
Anarchy, and all its disorders awaited us. Yet France preferred
honour to every danger. She chose rather to hill into the chains of
her domestic tyrants than into those of strangers. She submitted to
the fury of anarchy rather than to the shame of servitude ; and now
that -all parts of the social order are reconstituted, now that the
enemy can bring as only slavery or anarchy. shall we not fly to the
combat ?—shall we not be ready to make the greatest saarifices?—
Who can stiffer himself to he seduced by insidious promises, by vain
and fallacious proclamations ?—The enemy boasts the discipline of
.1 his armies,
_ and his principles of moderation and disinterestedness.
! Can you believe, that should he penetrate into our provinces, be
will long retain kis pretended discipline, or keep his promises?
Certainty the conquest of so many flourishing cities, of so many
rich countries, cannot be achieved without fighting, and then t•
what an excess of disorders will not our country be given up ?
What plundering, what slaughter, what conflagration !
Let us imatine fur a moment the enemy at our gates. See the
wooleit tremblieg, distracted, flying ; the old men, young virgins.
anti children obliged to quit their paternal roof, carrying with them
some melancholy temains of their fortune, seeking in the depths of
the woods, in the most impenetrable retreats, an asylum from the
furies of the soldiery. See every where tumult and agitation.
Ali! what discipline can you expect from those hordes of Cos-
sacks, who have no pay but what they can carry nit from inhabitants
. of cities and the country who. strangers to civilization, to arts,
violets, and letters, can esteem nothing which we esteeme-erespect

(Vie Graml
lirit'lltaki, •
,f, v.
• •,.
4,11*.- ''''..
al' v.- • •
% -4, -___,.. • ,
• .1:-. I ~..,.• -.. _ •;:. ,
. ivilf :1 t
wrsio...,, •
•, .
.
74,-'Nv . ~.. •)
' ''.' - I- :
