7os

was more desperate than could well be conceived ; and the last
battle, of more importance than all the others, would seen, to have
rendered it hope:ess. That, indeed, had confirmed the deliverance
of Europe from . slavery. (Hear, hear.) But it ought not to be
forgotten, that much was due to the generous and magnanimous re-
solution of England, who had not contemplated coolly the state
of the Continent, but had lent her active and efficient aid.
The hi,,:hest tribute of admiration was. dne -to. the Emperor Alexander,
who, after hat ing rescued Isis own country from wanton aggression, •
had paired his armies into Germany to give deliverance to Europe.
The condect of the Crown Prince of Sweden was also entitled to the
greatest praise. He had gained the eulugium of Europe, and what was
no less laittotauble, the hostility and abuse of the enemy. Nur should
that hero he omitted (Gen. Moreau) who lived and fought fur the li-
berty of France, and died for the freedom of Europe. it we looked to
Shinn, things appeared equally favourable, owing to the victory of Vit-
tot ia, the fall of St. Sebastian, and the exertions of the three nations so
cordi •Ily co-opriating for the common cause. Some, at one time, had
doubted of theyalour of the Portnenese, and of the zeal and cordiality
of the Thine doubts had been dissipated by facts. The hi-
va.itai of France by the forces of the three nations, must operate 15 a
powerful diversion ill Germany, and leach the natives of the former
country thstt all their conscriptions could nut protect from invasion the
sacred territory. With rirard to Awe' ice, he must deeply lament, that
the only Republic in the world should have joined with the despot
alpinist the liberties of mankind (Hear ! hear!) Happily, however,
her ed;.rts had been frustrated, and Canada had been completely pro.
tected by the loy•iity of its inhabitants and the brasery of its troops.
Though ,America had hitherto Shut her eyes, yet it was to be hoped that
the aneihtlattun of her commerce. and the defeat of her armies, would.
at 1 .silth open them to a sense of her true interests, and teach her the
folly of a war, as unjust in its principle as it hod been fruitless in its re-
sult. At home ever:. thing afforded ground for satisfaction : the harvest
had been abundant, industry was as in at work, the loran and the shut-
tle in motion, and peace mid tranquillity were restored in those places
which had formerly been the scenes of riot and disoider. Had the late.
Minister (Mr. I'erceval) been spared to his country. how must he have
exulted at such an issue to his counsels,—those counsels which had pro-
duced " peace in our streets, and prosperity within out palaces !"
The Noble Lord concluded by moving an Address, which, as usual, re-
capitulafrd and re echoed the leading sentiments of the speech.
Mr. C. Go et-, in it speech of considerable ability, seconded the Ad-
dress, and coucholtd by remarking, in allusion to the moths'', of this
country, that Ito: • the gale of adversitt was passed away. the surround-
ing nations would behold in the sunshine the vessel which stood alone
lo the midst of the wreck in the undiminished majesty of her charac-
ter. The world hatflong seen how great was the power that was con-
solidated in oppression, and it would now sue what inexhauitible power.
was consolidated in justice.
Mr. Wit tutu E did not rise to disturb the general unanimity, but
rather to add his cordial approbation to the sentiments of tt.c Speech
delivered by the Prince Regent. He did not expect to see in it a spitit
so free from ostentation ; lie was pleased with its moderation of manner
anti toile. bat it would be unmanly and inconsi!tent with his avowtd
principles, as well as with, his utmost deep conviction, if lie did rot re-
rim k upon that as,ertion, that the deliverance of Europe was owing, to
the following up the system laid down by Mr. Pitt ; as to hints, If, he
was unaltt•robly persuaded, that if the counsels of Mr. Fox had been
adopted, Europe would never have been plungfd intro the sea at troll
tiles which Itad for Nears overe Imbued it ; nor would it have required
the carnage of the last campaign for its deliverance. There was an-
other topic. on which lie would nut dwell, it was the inconsistency into
hicli the Mover and Seconder bad fallen, in their praise of the unfor
innate General Meteau. If. indeed, us had been by them asserted,
that (treat Grit-,AI had forint:lly foin;lit for the cause of liberty, then
bad England fonglit ntainst it. If Bernadotte, whom no one could be
mote ready to praise than himself, had formerly !Might for liberty, then
had Great Britain fought against that liberty. lie once credit to the
present Administration. and heartily joined with the Lord, in
wishing that the great Character who had been snatched from them by
time foul blow 411 all masassin, had lived to participate in these triumphs.
(Hear ! hear !) %Volt that p:irt of the Sla which related to Ame-
rica he ditiewil ; but it was a matter of minor importance, and not
sufficient to jusiity any ooposition. He was glad to observe. that the
great subject of peace bad been intrnduced ; and to hear it asserted,
that time honour of France would not be o ueited : lie hoped that the
same feeling pervaded our :Ilia. The present %sus, indeed, an alliance
which he approved it. differed from all other.elliatives, as it had been
raised hy necessity, and not purchased by motley. lie did not know,
trout any inftirmation, what terms atf peace were proposed by the Allies
at the time of tl:c Armistice; but it was to be hoped, tl•nt the same
conditions would now be otettd. (Sinue murmariog.) ae meant to

•a
