THE LATE QUEEN OF SPAIN-

The solemn and magnificent requiem of Mozart ha.
seldom produced so deep an impression as ut the Spanish
chapel on Saturday morning, associated as it was with
the sacred ofilees of religion, and the funeral obsequies
of a young and lovely Queen. The Chapel was hung
whit black, and the coffin placed in the centre with
the crown over it, and the arms of Spain and Portugal
on each vide. The Catholic Bishop, Dr. Poynter, offi-
ciated. The presence of the Duke of San Carlos, Duke
of Wellington, the French, Portuguese, Dutch, and
Neapolitan Ambassadors, accompanied by their Secre-
taries, the Spanish officers, all in their state dresses,
and the Spaniards residing in this capital, dress,-din
deep mourning, added to the grandeur and solemnity
of the scene.

Mr. HAVOOM'S PUPILS.—An interesting exhibition is
jug upenza to the public, of draw jugs from thcCartoons
and Elgin ntarbles, executed by the pupils of Air. 'Ly-
don. They are done principally in chalk', of the size of
the originals. We must not r,:gard them us mere
specimens of juvenile genius, but as transcripts not tin-
worthy of their divine prototype, calculated to convey
• high impression of the present state of the art, and
affording tae most hrilliant proTects to the future ge-
n,:ratians We em of ly wis'i that the number of the
specimens were greater, awl that 111 r. Ilavil3:1, in ad.
dition to thr bene it be has conferel on the
present‘age, by his masterly and licrcaller-to-bc.nained
citasinvi kaiductious, will continue his labours to raise'
the stentelluCuf emmtieuae iu that which is to come.
rr P. oi •

-TIIE NATIONAL REGISTER

I STATE OF SLAYER I' IN THE. UNITED
STATES.

Slavery took very early rout in the American colo-
nies, and is still retained in the United States; full
1,700,000 negroes are held there as slaves, which also
.1 contain uvni.rd. `.:22.C.C‘C f;•4;; of
Both these classes, however, acquire occasionally an ad-
, mixture of the blood of the white portion of our popu-
lation, and the Mestizos are gaining fast in number
upon the blacks. The great body of American negroes
arc to be fbund in the'S.outhern States. The expcnence
of all history proves, that the structure of society in
slave-holding countries is unfavourable to internal se-
curity and peace at all times ; and still more so to seen-
, rity and strength in the season of foreign warfare.—
Indeed, all moral evil possesses u dreadful power of per-
, petuating and augmenting its own tonicity; whence
the evil of slavery, once established, scarcely admits of
remedy ; because the emancipation of slaves in large
masses is nearly, if not quite, impracticable : the differ.
ence between the habits of a slave and those of a free
citizen being as wide as the poles asunder. A slave itl
ignorant of the very elements of industry, which is the
basis of all social prosperity. The slave recently 'There
ated, his experienced only the most laborious and irk.
some of the occupations of a citizen, and not having
learned any forecast, is unwilling to toil when free.—
The negroes of St. Domingo first knew only the too
extremes of slavery and rebellion ; afterwards, they ex-
perienced the blessings of military despotism, under the
pressure of which they bent and groaned ; and it is not
easy to determine which of these three miserable States
the transition to the social and orderly reek of a free
citizen is most difficult. ihe experience at Domingo
for nearly 25 years past proses, that revolted slaves
are incapable of receiving and enjoy ing the blessings of
free Institutions, for they have only exchanged the
horrors of civil bondage fur those of military despotism.
And the emancipated negroes of Jfessachu•eta proec,that
such an order of beings have not the capacity of availing
themselves of the benefits of civil liberty. For, in that
State, where slavery.is abolished by law, and which
consequently opens an asylum to fugitive slaves from
ne4hbour.ng States, the negroes do not keep up their
stock of population, by the heirbeth of native breeding
and runaway importation ; so improvident, so helpless,
so wanting in all those habits of steady and useful in-
dustry, which arc essentially necessary to enable the
citizens of a free community to obtain a competent sup-
port fur themselves and growing families, have they
been rendered by a long continuance in slavery, either
in their own persons, or in those of their immediate
progenitors, and by their almost total destitution even
of the rudest elements of civilization and culture.
This most clearly proves the shame of this traffic ;
fin.; had they not been placed in this unhappy state of
slavery, their capacities might have been good, and ma-
ny instances have occurred where native Africans, not
yet stejected to this abject and forlorn destitution, have
discovered capacities equal to any civilized European.
when cultivated in those arts and sciences which tend
to improve the mind and heart of man, and to render
him fit for Heaven. But those whici are made free,
and who swarm in the Northern and middle States, are
generally idle, vicious, and profligate ; the quakers have
endeavoured to meliorate their condition, in conse-
quence of which schools and cluarches have risen up,
and black teachers and preachers have shown themselves
as competent to perfbrm their important functions as
their white brethren.

J. B.

We are informed by a gentleman just landed from
Calcutta, that in the late sickly SC:IS011, in the provinces
immediately ,'ependent on Bengal, not less than
220,000 persons died of cholera mo,hus.—Our inform
ant (of the medical profession) recoverial from a severe
attack, after taking do grains of calomel, 100 drops of
laudanum, and a bottle of brandy, within 10 hours--
Porstemouth Paper.
ANECDOTE.—Mien the late Sir Philip Francis was
not long bet;,re his death, at Holland house, the Lady
of the snaii..ion i:..liiced Mr. Rogers, the poet, to ask the
Knight if lie ova.: really the anther of "Junius:, Letters."
The bard, knowing. the Knight's austere character, ad-
dressed him modest hesitation, asking if he might
be permitted to propsose a question. The Knight,
evidently antieipating what was to come, exclaimed in
a severe tune. "At your peril, Sir. " Mr. Rogers im-
mediately retired, aml returning to tell Lady Holland
the success of his mission, observed, t ii.tt. " it' Sir Philip
was really .leilios, he was certainly Julius 13rutus."—
Evening l'apee.
On Monday night, after the fa:nily retired to rest, some villains
broke into the house of 'F. IS„1r/tbi
raimicked the parlours and drawing room, broke open the cupboards,
closets, aot pantry, and succeeded in carrying otf upwards of 6oni.
worth of prqp.lty. in plate, liank-nutes. ion! a.!iinal widen
were a silver tankard earl cover, a pint and half pint di to, a large
silver waiter, a ditto with three les, several table, tea and desert
yowls, a sil%Li milk pat, and pond ladle, 6.c. a lucid gilt boa'
containing a 34. Bank of England note, and iefulier of a
pocket book with wine notes, and a groat valeta of and
Gentlemen*. wearing apparel. In thus quart tankaid war. a Lott
and a go:unity of gold eo,n. 'fhe thiervs etlicied their escape with-
out chsiufoing the ft' iffily.—The same sago'. a Gentl3lll.l.ll. house,
in Norfolk •ritr..et, l'a-k-lanc, was broken open, and robbed of
&mut 2001. worth of Wife and Gentleman' wearing appall and
other wick&

His Excellency
to day, to •"
law on the
We ;tor
of Jerusalei
to his Mr
requests,
tisos, whose
pleased to
printing-office,
the purpose
Lebanon..
be furnished
which they
Archbishop
Italian.
Religion has loss one of its most worthy ministers in
the person of the ALbe O'Connor, who died in Paris,
aged 74. Descended from one of those illustrious fami.
lies who once gave kings to Ireland, he devoted to the
chupch of France a holy life, which Providence has
cro4ned by a holy death.

1.11.
FEB. 1
- -
PARIS, Jas. 28.
xcellcney the Keeper of the Seals will present
o the Chamber of Deputies, the project of $
he responsibility of Ministers.
)nounced mac ILW.: is AFelthishep
lalern had had the honour of being presented.
[ajesty. This prelate, whose name is Giarve,
it is said, in the name of the Marmite
lose bishop he is, that his Majesty would be
to order him to be furnished from the Royal
'office, with a fount of Syriac characters, fur
use of establishing a printing press at Mount
. By it the Catholics of the country would
,hed with copies of good religious works. of
hey arc in want. The Ring received the
top with kindness, and conversed with him ie.
