THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

atrocious, as exclusive of the dreadful deed, the
Duke was in company with his Duchess, who is
pregnant. Ilis Royal Highness was proceeding
from the Opera, and had one leg on the step of the
carriage when the assa.s.sin struck him in the right
side with a poignard. The blood spouted out on
the Duchess—the Prince uttered a piercing shriek
and fell senseless on the ground. He was ei:rried
back to his box in the Opera-house, and immediately
attended by the first physicians in Paris'; but the
private accounts say, he expired in seven hours after
the wound was inflicted. The assassin is the son of
the coachmaker to the King, and has been for a
length of time employed by the Royal Family, and
is about thirty years of age. While interrogating
by M. De Cases and others, he exhibited the utmost
indifference, and coolly admitted that he had medi-
tated the crime for upwards of two years past. It
was at first imagined that the massination was con-
nected with politics, but this was not the case, as it
originated alone in private malice. The Duke of
Berri was the next heir to the Throne of France,
had he survived the Duke of Angouleme. The
murder has produced consideluble agitation through-
out Paris, and occasioned much affliction to the
Royal Family.

It was generally believed, that several of the mi-
nisters received their dismissals at a Cabinet Coun-
cil, which his Majesty held on Tuesday last—
the reason assigned was at once ridiculous and
a libel on our new King. It was said, that qualms
of conscience occasioned them to refuse lending their
aid, towards obtaining a divorce between the King
and Queen—this is ridiculous—because it can hard-
ly be supposed that those men would halt half-way,
who had gone so far as to advise the omission of all
prayers for the Queen in our churches and chapels ;
and it is, we think, a libel upon his Majesty to as-
sert that he wished to carry such a measure after
his legal advisers, the Attorney, Solicitor, and Ad-
vocate General had declared to him that they could
find no grounds on which .to justify the introduc-
tion of such a measure. Every one knows how
alert Crown Officers have always been to carry con-
victions against those who have been under the dis-
pleasure of their employers ; and our history fur-
nishes proofs that the " Learned Gentlemen," can
sometimes succeed in their endeavours even against
the innocent ; there is, therefore, we are certain,
no ground for the disgraceful assertion, and we
should gladly see those punished who originated it ;
for at such a moment no friend to his country, its

government, or its welfare, would wish to render
unpopular a sovereign on his accession to the throne.

The following energetic address to the Spanish
troops in Andalusia has been published by Lion
Quiroga, one of the Patriot Chiefs.
" Soldiers! placed at your head by the choice of the of
of the army, I shall speak to you with that frankness which
ought to oust between companions in arms.
" Our Spain is on the verge of destruction. your ruin would
be completed by that of the country ; you were destined to death,
more for the purpose of releasing the Government from the dread
inspired by your courage. than to make a conquest of the
Colonies—a thing which is sow betanne impossible. In the
mean time. your families remained in the most merciless slavery.
under a tyrannical and arbitrary Government. which disposes at
will of the properties, the existence. and the liberties of the un-
happy Spaniards.
Soldiers, this Government was about to destroy the nation,
and ends by destroying itself. It was not possible any longer to
endure its sway. Ou the one hand. violence and weakness. and
on the other' only indignation and contempt were provoked.
whilst, to render the nation happy, the Government ought so
inspire conthlence, love. and respect.
" Soldiers. let us employ for our welfare and that of our
countrymen. the arms which have secured the independence of
the nation against the power of Bonaparte ; the enterprise is
Lamy and glorious.—Does there exist a Spanish soldier who will
oppose our views? No ! in the very ranks of those whom the
Government may assemble, you will find brothers who will join
us; and it' some base born miscreants should dare to turn their
arms against you. let them perish as the sattelites of tyranny
should do, unworthy of the name of Spaniards!
" Soldiers, I depend upon you ; you are the worthy children
of the country, justify yourselves as such Uniuo and discipline
—this is whist I recommend to you. I shall have the satisfaction
of recompensing those who may distinguish themselves: but if
any one forgets his duty, I shall prove that authority has not
been confided to me in vain, ano that the energy of a govern-
ment, which seeks good, is :dear, superior to that of despots.
" Soldiers, victory awaits our banners, and in her train the
glory and rewards which the country s ill lavishly bestow.
(signed) Awrois io QtrlHAtin.
" General in Chief of the National Army."
" Head Quarters, at San Fernando, Jan. 5, 18•20"

Monday Mr. Hill, one of his Majesty's Messen-
gers, arrived at Viscount t : ust ereagh 's office,
with despatches from Lord Stew:at, atN icnna.

~~.:..
