TUE NATIONAL lIEG:STEIt

111031 TZIVSDAY. N75117"S .64.Z.6:71;E•
BANKRUPTS.
J. Prentice, High Street, Whiteelmpel, grocer.
T. Holker, Nlonekton Green, i.aric,a4liite.inanteaturcr.
T Brumfit, Bradhod. Var..; grocer. 1
W. and J. Kline?. rimMerrifield, merchants.
J. 'lnitial:cad, Ivlachester, dealer.
DIVIDENDS.
Aug. 7, J. T. -.lets, Honduras Street. Old Street. reetifyieg
distiller-7, T. I'Llsgraee, Bennet Street. Blackfriars }fur;
insurarce brok..r—A. J. Lane, AruadA, Susses. corn merchant
---7, J. Sadd, Goeytmke Clam, Fetter Lane, builder-7, M. and
M. C Oliren, Broad Street, Ratelifre, stationers-24. W. David-
son. Little St. Thom.ts ANAtiC. wholesale statioaer-24, C. H.
H. Bailey, Swallowtield, Wilts. dottier-14, J. Elliott. South-
ampton, currier-44, J. Mather, larielw.,..ter, joiner-25. W.
Hodson, Manchester, cotton manufacturer-2S, J. V mix and .
W. Bullock, Cullum Street. City, Birmingham and Shettield
!perch:um-211,1. Wadley, Coventry Street, Ilayntarket. cheese.-
monger—S. R. Downing. Stockyott, innkeeper—September 4.
J. Biggs, Charles Street, Hatton Gatdcu, hardwateman—l, 'l.
and). Dellicar. Rristul, itiereliants.
CERTIFICATES to be I.77..itted Aug. 24.
.1. S. Jordon. Birmingham, Pettit. Birmingham,
glover—T. Stunt, Allen StieTt. Goswell Street, carpet nianufa..-
turer—.l. Barlow. Bolton le 3loors, I.atictsliire, druggist—S.
Sewell, Idersgate Street, plamber—W. Stubbs, Leek, Stafford,
innholder—J.lamb, Great James Stioet, Bedford Row, tailor—
P. Withington, Cleinesit's lane, City, broker—E. Y
lioddesdun, Hefts, corn dealer.

Extract of a letter from Nevis, dated 9.Bth June
" A very line Spanish brim., laden with brandy and
wine, has been captured by the Constitution i.rivit-
teer, of 18 guns and 240 men, and carried to Dog
Island, where the vessel and cargo have been sold
to some merchants in St. Bartholomew for 10,000
dollars. The Constantia and Constantia Junior,
two small schooners reported to have been fitted out
at St. Thomas's, on their first cruise, fell in with a
Spanish ship of 18 guns. A severe conflict took
place, when the privateers were driven off with the
loss of all their officers and the greatest part of their
crews. The Jane, Cox, of Bristol, arrived here
yesterday, in 30 days. In long. 40. spoke a large
brig of 18 guns, and full of men ; they called her
the Lady Holland Patriot privateer. When they
found what the Jane was, she was suffered to pro-
wed without even boarding."

By the Belvidere, Swan, arrived at Baltimore
nn the Si July, we have received advices from
Princess Island, Africa, to the latter end of May.
At that time there were lying at that port a Spanish
brig, u three masted schooner, and a tine fa• t sailing
schooner, all from Havannah, slaving. His Ma-
jesty's ship Tartar, Sir George Collier, had recently
visited the island ; while lying off the harbour took
two schooners belonging to the place, from the
adjacent coast, with slaves, which were sent to
Sierra Leone. No molestation was given to Spanish
vessels in port, but threatened to be considered as
good prizes if found at sea with slaves on board, to
the northward of the equator. The Tartar also
reports, that previous to leaving the Gold Coast in
March, the Ashanta war had broken out again, the
King declaring that he would make no peace till the
jaw-bone of Governor Smith, of Cape Coast Castle,
should be sent to him.
It is annoenced in a foreign journal, that the entire
Russian army is going, to he distributed over the whole
of the illibt.i3ll empire, and divided into colonies and
settietnei.ts. Dialog peace they wid cultivate the
ground along, with the peasants. Measures will be taken
that they way be speedily assembled iu time of war, and
ready to march whenever circumstances may require.

FEMALE REFORM SOCIETY
OF STOCKPORT.
[From a Manchester paper.]

On Monday evening, July 19, 1819, the second
Meeting of the Members of this Institution, took place
in the large room at the Windmill, in Stockport, when
Mrs. Stewart moved that Mrs. Bollworth be president ;
she knew from her well-tried principles, that she was
the most proper person of any other site could propose ;
her acquirements dully qualified her for the office, and,
it accepted, she was conscious she would give every sa-
tisfaction. Mrs. Hodgson seconded the motion, when
it was immediately put and unanimously carried.
Mrs. Hallworth accepted the honour they had done
her with becoming modesty—she then addressed the
assembly : _ - . .

" Lathes and Gentlemen,—Before we proceed into
the business of the evening, I desire that the gentlemen
will withdraw , it is not done with a view to transact
any thing of a secret nature, 1w it is commonly said that
women can keep no secrets, but merely with a view
that if in our debates, (for it is something new for women
to turn political orators,) we should for want of know-
ledge make any blunders, we should be laughed at, to
prevent which we should prefer bring by ourselves."—
Their male brethren immediately obeyed, and she pro-
ceeded 00.
" L idles, yon have this evening placed me in a situ-
ation which I never occupied before. I kindly thank.
you for the honour you have dune me. I assure you.
that I am determined to dedicate to Liberty, my heart,
my body, yea, my very life. (Unbounded applause wilts
cries of liberty.) I am young, but ladies, young as I am,
1 can assure yoit that the Borough villains have furnish-
ed me with such a woeful life of wretched experience,
that I can feel for myself, and equally with myself, feel
for my injiiree, plundered conntry-women. This frelliq
is so 'scuts., that an eternal war is staged betwixt 116,
which will never end, but in the emancipation of a tits-

AUGUST 0•

tressed and overhurthe4sed people ft out slavery to liberty,
—(Reiterated applause) 'Those are sentiments I imbibed
-when ahnost a child. assH csl9trew sitrler, the grumbling
spirit grows stronger. (Laughter.) I thank you. ladies,
for your kind attention. but assure you 1 do not look fur
your applattses. Applatel me nut, it cannot please me,
-far I consider it is my 'duty to use every ability its the
cause without receiving any reward at all fur my weak
endeavours. Seeing then, that it is the common cause.
let us all unite, and never %lease f persevering in a
cause so just and holy, until we fully possess those ems-
sti tttt Metal liberties and privileges which are ilk births
Oght of every Enialish man and woman."
The close of this speech was followed by every de-
monstration of applause.
%Are are sorry in say we cool() not learn the name of
the lady who next •addressed the assembly—she spoke
nearly to the following effect
Sirs. President and Ladies. I consider it a piece of
great absurthty and presumption in me to attempt saying
any thing, idler hearing such aislisplay of female do.
(pence from the Chair. "If God is for us, who can
be against us;—then hail sweet understand
that the intention of this Union is to co operate with
other Unions for the general cause, and to give relict to
incarcerated victims who are suffering and are likely to
sutler. I need not say that it is to he feared you will
hate to look to our worthy, patriotic, and brass friend,
the Rev. Joseph Harrison, who, it is said, has a bill
found against him for doing, the des tls' themselves do
not know what, at the last Stockport Aleetirg." As
i.IOII as Mr. Il.'s name was mentioned, an involuntary
torrent of tears was the event. After a few moments of
piofound silence, cries of " Harrison and Liberty for
ever ! proceeded fruits every part of the room.
'lnt business theta proceeded on with the list speaker
moving,
" That the Female Union co-operate with their male
brethren in relieving those unlintitnate individuals, now
confined in Chester Castle, Messrs. Baguley, Johnston,
and I)rtimmonil ; anti all who may in future be inc t'.
cer ited fur advocating the cause of the people," which
was unanimously carried.
Miss tVhallev addressed the meeting as follows
Mrs. President and Sisters, I love liberty, and hale
slavery ; I know itio truly the horrors of the one, and
the virtue: Ili. the other. If a liorongh-monger were
to cam.: to Stockport, and Ise compelled to weove far his
livitu, he ss °old more ittipittientl) (when he saw lie
could get nothing more than a tite,ii of pottage for Ills
labour) to cry out for Liberty and Reform ! as well as
those who arc called the incorrigible swine, the disaffect-
ed, and the lower orders.
The following persons were properly elected to act as
Committee for the Union :—Miss Untidier, Miss Lowe,
Miss Knowles, Mrs. liodcson, Miss Whalley, Mrs.
Kenworthy, Mrs. Rhodes, Miss Lisiteson, Miss John.
same, Mrs. Stewart, Secretary; 'Mrs.Hatubletun,Treas
_ _ -

A vo,c of thanks was then given to Mr. Lawton, gro-
cer, 11111-gate; and to Mr. Sanderson, shoe-dealer,
oppmqc the Mill:cloy Arms Inn, Stockport, fur volon.
body stepping forward to give bail for Sir C. Wolseley,
bart.—Carried by universal acelaination of " Wolseley
and Lherty .

A vote of thanks was then passed to those seven patri-
otic individuals. who have tendered themselves to come
forward to give bail for our worthy friend, the Rev.
Jo-
seph Harrison.—Carried by unbounded acclamation of
" Harrison for ever!"
A vote of thinks was the proposed to their worthy
Presidentess, which was carried in the usual way by
acclamation.
The Presidentess then replied,—" Ladies, I do assure
you, you have so wounded me by the kind attention you
have honoured me with, that the load overwhelms me
with such a sense of obligation, that I cannot express my
thanks. A plot is what they are, as Cobbett observes,
dying for; awl the only plan to frustrate their hellish wish
is to act constitutionally in all your mitten:Anti:6."
The meeting then dispersed about half past to o'clock,
highly pleased with the proceedings of the evening.
