Pepe. •
here on the 16th, and was well received by the pa-
triots. There are many conjectures respecting his
return, which is said to be occasioned by the change
in our ministers. It is said that it is in agitation to
form three Neapolitan Legions, which will be sent
by sea to Calabria; but sensible people ask "where
are the soldiers, unless they should be formed of Spa-
niaxls and then a Decree of the Cortes would be
required." The Neapolitan and Piedmontese com-
panies in Catalonia are composed only of 150 men
freeborn, one-kind are Spaniards. Others pretend
that Gen. Pepe will have a command in Catalonia;
but this too would be against the constitution, which
doclares that no foreigner can have a chief command
in the national army. At all events, his return is
supposed to have some political olsject.
The proceedings of the Provisional Government
at Urge!, the Congress at Verona, and the prepara-
tions making,in the French fortresses on the Pyren-•
aces, excite great attention ; the fears of a foreign'
invasion increase so much, that in political meetings
we already hear of people speak of plans of defence,
of alliance with Portugal, and eveqrwith England,
to which all kinds of concessions would be made.
It seems, in fact, more than probable, that the treaty
with Portugal will soon be oonclndcd; and, on the
other hand, vary great hopes are built on the aid of
Qreat Britain ha ease .of foraign invasiest.
The trifling war carried on against the factious
has presented reinarkableel. The Italian re-
fugees continue, however, to pay the debt of grati-
tude for the hospitality allOrded them.
Gen. Mina was to set out from Lcrida en the
13th, to begin the great military operations confided
to his talents, his ex; •ience, and his patriotism.

that the Portuguese Guvetnment has sent into the
province: D'Entre Diem sad Minho, a division IS
8,000 men, under the orders of General Louis do
Rego, to serve in Spain anew auxiliary corps, and to
co-operate with her in kraut of the independence 1
of the two nations, by owing towards the Pyren.
nees fur the purpose of pursuing and arresting dime
factious Spaniards who with to tale refuge in Por-
tugal:"
Bayonne, Sees. 26.—. We have nothing new
from the neighbouring provinces. The defection Of
the bands continues, in consequence of the rapid
movements of the constitutional columns in various
directions. Sixty men belonging to the bands of
Vsunga and Zabala arrived yesterday in the port of
Salem, in France, flying fion; their own country, on
board of three boats, which they run ashore on the
coast. The constitutional troops occupy at this time
the whole coast of Fontana's& to Bilboa, so that
will not be easy for the factions to mope. The 4Gt
men who came to the Lasatetto, having belonged to
these same bands, after haring staid two days at
Bayonne, left it to go to Irma, is order to take up
arms again. We need net state that they received
from the cons mitteirof Equia the assistance necessary
for this journey. his to bithoped that we shall see
them return by way of Smolt, for there are among,

than once. We are still without positive informa-
tion respecting the operations of Gen. Espinosa; we
only know that be is still in the valley of lioncal,
preparing for the siege of Irani, which is not likely
to give him much trouble.
_
SIERRA LEONE.

....pcciet.... -t.
Last Tuesday, the subalterns of all the regiments We have great 'pleasure in layin2 before one readers
ill garrison at Madrid partook of a fraternal banquet. extracts from the Sierra Leone Gazettes, which present
They afterwards paraded through the principal most satisfactory view., of that Colony. The iiidelatlea-
streets, and along the beautiful promenade of the bleSir Charles APCerilly had returned from his tour to
Prado, singing hyms to liberty to the sound of the the Isles de Loss, witere he had previously distributed
music of the different regiments. An immense caul.. coffee plants among the settler'. One large hill had
Peen entirely cleared, and planted with that valuable
titutle accompanied them, and made the air resound
production, and the plantstions in gettergl were in a
with patriotic buzzes. thriving in condition.
At Valencia) extraordinary measures must be The British cruisers continue to exert themselves
adopted to prevent, or at least to arrest, the assassi- effectually in libetating human-beings Illegally detained
nations which are daily committed there. its slavery by the Portuguese and siker slave traders. One
A placard, published by an Ecclesiastic, proposes large Portuguese vessel with no less than three hundred
a national council, for the purpose of establishing staves on board, was brought in teftientenant Hestia, of
t"' Majesty's ship Tailitie 1 and a-srualler vessel with 20
with the Court of Romer lations analogous to the
on boao l has also beett captured, aud the 1)00f slaves co-
principles of the constitution. This proposition has le sed.
found many supporters amongst our Liberals. An incalculahle benefit hvs been conferred nit this
We are assured that Ministers are occupied in part of Africa by the introduction of vaccination, wheels
drawing up a report concerning the Afruneesadus, after several ratlines has at lenet It been coin oletely effected
which is to he submitted to the meeting of the Ex- by 1)r. Bury, Surgeon to the Forces at the Colony.
trai,nlinary Cortes, at their opening. It is nut fa- Fare-rows, J U.LY ti—lt is wi.h much sati;iliction
vourable to them.
that we are enable,i to mate, that the meritoriout exer-
The General in Chief of the Army of Operation ease
ess
its the
otretenoeliclitcal officers to
i estiablisit thened, viescucriciteestriuir
of the 7th district, Gen. Aline, has .Jdressed to the In the month of April last, Dr.l ki"a'rr(y, Surgeon irt the
inhabitants of Catalonit a proclamation, dated from Frarces, was fortunate commit to introduce the disease
Lerida, in which he utters terrible meuaces, which .imoogst some of the children it, this town; and Ity the
menaces are supported by.. 1,600 infantry, and 800 speedy extensiou of vaccitiatiou, the progress oldie small
cheeky. pox, whiten had at that time emninenced its ravages in
several parts of the Nora ',lieges. and parttettlarlY at
We ore assured, by the arrival of a courier, that
astings, has beet) happily arrested. Since the intro-
Gen. Mina was on the 19th to have attacked the
ril laction of the taceine disease, 111/Well! of 2,000 verso's&
town of Belagtter, wltlelt is occupied and fortified by hate been vaccinated wiihin the Peninsula. Letup!'
the royalists. The capture of Tortoise by the roy- has been sent to the Isles de Loss, the Gambia, and the
ahists is not confirmed. Gold Coast, and every ille.lllll taken to induce the twists
Galicia has remained tranquil, but the following of the interior to partake of its advantages: The vs.
letter has baen received from Vigo, dated the 9th of r olous disease, thank God, has completely disaisFareCt,
mat an instance of its occurrence hiving lallet iy coma
September:--" On the demand of our Political
within our knowledge. It it remarkable, tha, fur meal
Chief, supported by our Minister at the Court of years pest, although every precaution had liven rent.
Portugal, that Government huts ordered to be expel- (idly need for the cruovr,atice Of the vaccine matter trout
led from its territory ail Spatmiards who have taken Eitgltild in this coast, it. meariably It led moil the pre-
refuge there, after having conspired against the con- beut instance. Dr. 13 my has, tit- rehire, b, hit toccess,.
stitutional system. It is in consequence of this cruet-, red a most important isenetit on the coiriiiv„ for
it loco every Milo ii ‘ .al interested to the weltare of Africa
measure that Ps.rcira has :•eturnarl with t.rms into
our territory, and has surprised two week detach- must Itch grateful.J
uLY 13.—thir letters from ihr G nutria, by the .4eitiret,
menu, one belonging to the regiment of Burgos, and citme d w the Bth lost. Time brie flundleioniaq, ire-
the other belonging, to the mounted Custom-house lunging Mr. Foster. had arrived there Irmo Lly.lintd
4:Seers; he has successively occupied S....jamonde and ' a hew days previousiy; other vessels were also exacted.

~~

1.

.~


.1.1.4. •4•••• •

• -
production. The settlement of Clarkson, on
Tamara Island, the inhabitants of which are plincipally
discharged soldiers, is its 3 most flourishilig state, and
fully keeps pace with those of the Peninsula. The plan
of the toms lots and streets are strictly
.adhered to, and
the extent of cleared ground in tile vicinity now for
crop, favourably attests the industry of the inhabitants ;
altogether the picture of content and domestic comfort
exlithited by these old soldiers in their cottages. was most
gratifying to his Excellency, who distributed amongst
them a number of coffee plants, for the extensive culti-
vation of which the more elevated grounds on Tamara
appeared admirably adapted. His Excellency also vi-
sited the island of Factory, where it was found that the
encouragement given the natives there in the extrusion
of their rice plantations has been attended with the best
effects; a very considerable portion of that island is espe.
dally suited lot the production of that article, which is
so advantageous to the cultivators, and at the sante time
so important to this colony, whether for exportation or
home consumption. The increase of population in the
different islands, since the period they were taken posses-
sion of by his Excellency, must he considerable, settlers
daily arriving from the main land, who g adly exchauge
the savage and capricious rule of their native chiefs, for
the Protection and advantage enjoyed under the Britian
flag.
Thursday his Excellency the Governor rode to the
ineuntsio s dlages, accompanied by the Deputy Inspector
of Hospitals, Dr. Nicol. The state of the Africans,
lately received limn slave vessels, particularly occupied
the attention of his Excellency. Niatly of these poor
eteatioreere amt very debilitated stew, but Bicewshid to
say, they rapidly recover wider the kind treatineet of ti:e
gentlemen of the Medical Staff stationed in the tillages,
and by the humane attention of their countrymen and
the several superintendents. His Excellency returned to
Gevertimenialiouse at a late hour in the eve g.
It is with at ugul..r satistaction we have again to bear
testimony to the success of zeal of Lieut. Hogan in the
cause of Airica and of stab-sin:4 humanity. Yesterday
this disfingitislied officer brought into harbour a lar4e
Portuguese brig with 300 slaves on toard ; she Kowa-s to
be the Estreliu, M. P. dos S tuns, master, cleared out at
Bahia for Alalembo, and furnished with a royal passport
to take slates from that place; she Was, however, seic.d
in the Bight of Benin, little days front Logos, where het
cargo of human flesh was shipped. The EstreVia had
been previously boarded by the Pilate, off Cape Coast
Castle, et which time the master professed himself to be
I to Elmili s for a supply of seater, provisions, &c.
to enable him to proceed on his voyage; hut it now ap-
pears, that the only supply lie procured was canoes,
whico, we lament to stat , are there furtaishen to every
slave vessel, without tile least reserve.
In the river Cisf..bar Lieut. Hagan detained another
Portuguese vessel, the .!.•an Jose Iloilo:a, wilt 20 slaves
on board. This vessel, a action's, r, was found Oil cxa-
iiiinattoli to be in so leaky a state that site could not be
broogin to this punt; SIC was thetefi,re destroyed. tf:e
slates brim/ first returned on boird tile Thistle. D a na
Maria da ('nix, the daughter of the moo:antis Gomez, of
Prince'. Island, is the sole tva tier at the Sas Jane
The schooner Conceirao, code d its the Mixed Court
some time sitter, was also ilic property of the same lady,
who, it would seem. bids lair to foal her father in slate.
de..litia notoriety. Galilee was In:inerly Goveraor of
Prince's Island, and at present holds 3 Mali station
aniline the Honourable Council of his Most Faitlitul
Maj. sty in that

Extract ea letter from Bahia, dated July 30:—
"During the last month the European troops have
been impressing every slave they could find to work
gratis, and thus ruining numbers of poor families, in
digging ditches and throwing up entrenchments, as
a protection against an attack they have be.m hourly
lookingifor from the native troor
fercut parts of the interior, and
sisted by a squadron and forces
to the present moment, have not
anco. Vessels have been armed
ha.s(Jy sent on the track to endea,
intercin them. No sales of any
provisions can 14 effected, and .
respected, even for bilk Houses,
which have immense sums out,.
weekly receipts of 3ul. Every
pc:beim of n,,tive war in the
veral mouths' provisions."

. ,

...-_____ ... __ . . • -
- . L.
..- .
...
•
i p 4; ~ 00 7,, iii-%,-; ...1. \I
pre. •
fir r- i i"
•
tirt 4, •
. . . .
. . . . .
. • ..
•
. .- .. ~. ~
. . ,
..
• 0 ,
,
Our sing, Conftitution, anti Zalzi.
.. ~
•
No. 1,389.—V0t. XV. SUNDahI(, aOA
ftOW R 6, 1822. PniCE 93d.
MADRID PAPERS. ° Itioragis -41-
; 1 rtilglisefehlalt be avers. Troops Mr. Stockdaly's brit. the Sarah, had sailed with a full
........ have secoes ipi powit of bisi.. cargo of wax and bides, and the Tra/algur was beady
loaded, and would sail on the. 13. th inst. •
MADRID,-Sere. 20.—The address of the King to Several thdechasents hedie left Madrid in pursuit
the Spaaiards has produced the bat drat on the of the mak two's. ded by Anastasio, tho
vskil; Jaws 20—On Monday his Excellenc the Coverwir
;rronil suite alraiiiristi,tt in the colonial schooncrYPrince Mew,
e Lass: the very considerable improve-
minds of the Liberals, while this/adversaries look Canso st Maeda ..the national t were
upon this piece in the mew light semi sham which ogheieg .iris.' him, ar guerilla insurgent means. during the last dry season on the respective
the Prince Royal of Naples ribald ceder the party lowa Na sadtlun two leagues of islands, we understand. afforded lba Excellency much
ougstitutios ; but the feet is, that Oa Miniommi had Madrid. . satisliction. At Crawford's, cultivation is rapidly ex-
no - - 4 .Uido.tto obtain she ',.. I • • • .••' ' • .optosysi all sorts to os. The coiPcplants which his Extelkney dip..
a., ,.. 4. • some taseibaell, was fogad is the mat,
,i- • • I/
_-, pittoslylog mate osttientarly oil one of the lamer hills
The Neapolitan General. William" Pepe. arrived '&11144 of. - poop - • 64 der* l'ari,. whkh has been entirely cleared, and planted with that.
here on the 16th, and was well received by the pa- " The Spanish ambassador at Lisbon has ahnouneed valuable ',induction. Toe settletnent of Clarkson, on

hey have bem hourly
>lts, assembled in dil-
-1 expecting to -46
from Rio, chi
,fritnik
matte their a.
al in this pm- '
i.
enema., if possi •
deeriptitat 4011.•
few or no 4r1,1
r
see, in cense., t.
astantling, ha '
y hinnly, in t
city, is 'eying in .14"'`
99'
