Tilt NATIONAL REGISTER:

851

mediately sent an Officer on shore to inform the Lieutenant-
Governor that he had fired seventeen, and expected hs salute to I
Le returned gun for gum, and he therefore demanded that two
more gunv should be immediately tired. The Lientenaot-Go-
rcrnor apologised, and fired the other two guns. Thus you see,
The dear--, that an American Comm dote can now (!einand
respect from these who formerly would scarcely have noticed
bitn."—[ l'ho comments of the Editor on this insolent gasconade
are just an echo of the vain boasting it contains.]
It is said, that Sir Sydney Smith, as President of the Associa-
tion of Chi istian Knights, voluntarily enrolled for the purpose
of putting an end to the atrocious and degrading outrages of
the piratical States of Barbary, has appointed (siert. Carrot his
Lieutenant and Managing Director, for the United Kingdom of
(great Britain and Ireland, with full powers and instructions to
forward the gene' al design by all practicable means. It is also
asserted. that representations have been sent from the central
office of this new Crusade to all the Ministers now in London
from the t 'out ts of the Christian Powers or the Mediterranean,
and of ail those whose flags are insulted, their properties plan
tiered, and their subjects carried into slavery, urshig them in
the strongest terms to press for the sanction and support of the
itish Cabinet to the Crusade.
Ii is Royal Highness the Prince Regent sent a Message by Sir
L. Otwav to the Duke Wellington, inviting him to the grand
Fete at the Pavilion on Monday next.
Government are said to have it in contemplation to reduce •
the interest of money to one legal standard of four per cent.
The extent issued against a late public defaulter is for 41,00 a
Ile was looked up to as the leading man in the pa: ish whet c he
ns'cled.
The last acs °tints f cm Leland are more consolatory with
respect to those part, which were the scenes ofdAturb ince, and
this amelioration is mainly due to the excellent measures of the
Go, eminent, and the ale manner in which they have been
seconded by the Maeistraey.
ts; .Meetings have been le hl at the Chamber of Commerce,
Edinburgh, of the merclianis and olulers, to talc into considera-
tion the propriety of referring disputes, and errors in accounts
and mercantile' transactions, to arbitration ; thereby saving the
ery heavy exi•ense atiendioe litioations, nut only occasioned
by the milltiolicity of piolessional charges, but by the stamps
used in law proceedings.
coaos ‘Vosoneow's prosecution against Sir N. Wraxall has
been averted by the friendly mediation of Mr. Hastings
At a meeting of the C( rooratioo of Gloucester, a few clay
since, R. Naylor, Esq. was elected Mayor, and H. Howard Mos
Irneux, Esq. 11101 Stewat d ; and at a Special Court held on
Friday last, Mr. D. Walker was choscn Alderman, all th:•er
offices vacant by the death of his Grace the Duke of Norfolk.
The Naling/tam review says-" Two guns are now in this
town, value'6oo/. each, on their way from mieeham, to he
shipped fur St. Helena, for the use of Napoleon ! ! !"
A committee of Magistrates was appointed at the last Quar-
ter Sessions for the county of Surrey, to consider the great in-
este-se in the nund•er o'f shops for the sale of gin and other
soirituous liquors, and to report their opinion of the conse-
quences of such increase, nod the most efficient mewls of sup-
pressing or regulating the same.
Of the three houses that have so recently failed at Liverpool,
two were in connection with an eminent mercantile house in
London. The other was deficient from other causes, which,
however, may he very easily explained, as exports of manufac-
tures and British commodities h lye been sent to the Unite,l
States fi um Liverpool alone, within a short interval, to the
amouut of upwards of 16,000.001. sterling. it is computed
that including Glasgow and the other lit itish poi ts trading to
America. the total expos t in the same interval exceeds 30,000,0001
sterling. On this immense suns no returns have, front unavoidable
causes, been received it is true that the Republican Merchants
had pies iousiy considerable funds in the hands of the con-
signors. yet in no proportion to this aggregate amount.
The Clomnel Ilerald says, that W Fogarty, Mich. Grady,
and Denis Grady, were committed to Clomnel Gaol, by
Richard Esq, charged with the murder of W.
Bal:er, Esq.

JAN 7.

AGRICULTURE.
MONTHLY AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The early part of last monll has been employed in getting in the
wheat seed, which remained front the variable weather of the pre-
ceding. Never was a finer plant than the early sown wheat. Re-
port from various counties states the unexpected fact, that a greater
breadth of wheat than usual, or even proper, the state of the land
considered, has been sown last season ; in sone part', of course,
the reverse has happened. The farmers have been since, and are
at present, employed in threshing those immense quantities of
corn which have come to in irket, attending the straw yard cattle,
carting, turnips, manure, and in the various operation,: of hus-
bandry appropriate to the season. The cattle and horse entered
the straw-vard in good condition ; and, from the almost general
good character of the straw this year, we may presume that the
mildew was neither so mil eersai nor so injurious as was apprehend-
ed, but the operations of rain and frost have since been in a con-
siderable degree, prejudicial ta the unsheltered cattle. Turnips
likewise prove far beyond exoectation. there being an average
crop where it least was expected, and in the North, wh:re they
escaped injury front droueht, they suprrahound. Labourers wages
are generally reduced, and many are said to renta;n unhired.
The Merino, or fine wool improvement, seems about to be left,
as originally, in very few hands. Long wools maintain the ascend-
ance. Dairy cows and dairy produce still support a remunerating
price. The butchers and bakers, in turn, are at w making hay
under a splendid sun. The late revising corn markets have suf-
fered another relapse, and the complaints of the country are louder
than ever.

EARL SPENCER AND HIS TENANT in
The tenants of Earl Spencer have presented to his Lordship at
his seat at Althorp, in Northamptonshire, an elegant silver vase as,
a mark of the noble Earl's constant attention to their general inte-
rest. The ceremony of presenting the vase took place on Satur-
day se-nnight. Earl Spencer, surrounded by those of his family
and friends who were his guests at the time, received the tenants
in the Picture Gallery, at Althorp. The piece of plate was sup-
ported by Mr. Dewing, of North Creak, Norfolk, and by the two
Mr. Nitelies, of Castle Thorpe, near Fenny Stratford. Mr. Clark,
of Sandtidge Bury, near St. Alban's, was selected by his brother-
tenants to address the Noble Earl on presenting the vases, to which
his Lordship very feelingly replied. After which, the tenants, to
the number of ninety, sat down with Lord Spencer and Lord
Althorp, to a cold collation, which was prepared for them in part
of the gallery where the ceremony took place, and departed in the
afternoon, well satisfied at having been parties to a transaction so
creditable to the feelings of those who were concerned in it. We
understand, the value of the piece of plate is one thousand three
huudred and thirty pounds; it is of most beautiful workmanship
and design ; and the number of tenants win) subscribed is one
hundred and fifty.

STATE OF T FIE COUNTRY —That our pecuniary engage-
ments arc immense, that our burthens arc heavy, and that there
is much (listless in the country, no one will or can deny. But
that our credit is also good, our resources great, and our diffi-
culties capable of being lessened or removed, ate truths equally
demonstrah'e and consolatory. The existing stagnation Of
trade, and the agricultural suffering(, which are but too manifest,
naturally and necessarily result eotn the altered state of things
by the terminati mof the war.—'The same happened at the
close of the American contest, and the evils were then very
temporary. Britain, rich in capital, in the industry, activity,
and genius of her populatit:n, rebomided thefrom he shock, and
rose in tenfold strength and power. And so will again,
Commerce will soon flow into the ne A, and as et unaccustomed
channels ; society will again poise and ballance itself, and all
tho varying relations of the different classes of the community
will acquire harmony' and consistency. It is only do;•ing the
period of transition that we most severely. feel the inconstate
ve-
. nienres of change from one system to another,of from the
war, with war expences, and war prices, to the state of peace,
with peace savings and reductions. One part of the Common-
wealth feels this at first more than another ; that part is dis-
tressed, and its distress affects the whole mass ; but the ca,e very
speedily operates its own remedy, and every thing finds its
n.atuial and relgitive

I

JAN. 7.

TILE DRAMATIC REGISTER.
DRU RY-LANE.

Mrs. BARNES, in Desdeniona ; KEAN, in Othello; a PITEMPIPE,
recommended for the use of scenic VIRAGOES.
_ _

THE Debutante oflast week, lies. Mraes, made a second trial
of her skill in the character of Desdemona on Friday night. She
is a very small figure ; and, though not beautiful, seems well calcu-
lated for the younger characters of the drama, which require the
skill of a well practised performer. Her voice is clear and forci-
ble ; but not deep enough to give effect to th,a sublimer efforts
of the art. Des'itvrtana, sweet and amiable as she is depicted by
the Poet, otters littje occasion for the exhibition of great powers.
It is a character in which not many entirely fail ; and they who
have surpassed others, arc more indebted to nature than to art.
The late !lirs. Pope, fornvrly Mrs. Spencer, was every thing which
could be desired in this part ; and possessed, even in the full ma-
turity of her talents, a youthful figure, which suited admirably
with the •leseriptien given by the Poet. Mrs. Bartley must be ad-
mitted to act well, but she looks to.) much of a matron ; and in this
respect, Mrs. Barnes has the advaatage, merely from her size,
which is also well suite,) to that of Mr. Kean, who is himself so
diminutive, as to have given to strangers, on his first appearance,
the semblance of a female in neas apparel. In Flores, and In
Othello,. this mistake has been made by two ladies within the last
ten days. If Mrs. Barnes continues to play with him, he will not
now have die aws ward appearance of bullying a woman who
seems capable of put ing ban in her pocket, which, were he acting
with Mrs. Powell or Mrs. Siddons, as the D-sdemona, would appear
probable. On the whole, we think the performance of Iles. Burnes
was successful ; and to in ke a new claim on the public fur the
higher department of Tragedy, after Miss O'Nein's extraordinary
success, is an arduous attemiit. She who does not wholly fail may
congratulate herself on a comparative triumph.
Having aientioned Mr. Kean's name, coupled with his ma re-
markable defeat, we must in justice repeat, what all must feel,
that he is a little actor only in point of size. In every thing else
which contributes to histrionic deception, he is all that the greatest
Poet could desire in depicting the finest character that the Muse
of Tragedy has yet deigned to offer us. We overlook, in the strong
bursts of passion which every sentence gives vent to, all that rug-
gedness of voice, which, in other parts, constitutes his only other
defect. tie is, to our apprehension, the very Othello of the Poet.
Whatever may be thought of his Richard, by those who have seen
Cooke, we are convinced that Othello is at present the tlasterpiece
of Air. Kean and we must add, of the tragic art in recent times.
in Othello, the Muse of Shakspeare has -wrought the passion of
Jealousy to its highest pitch. Mr. Bean's great excellence is in
the delineation of strong passim of the very highest tone, of the
most violent excesses of anger, rage, and jealousy ; and the "Teat
advantage of Othello to Mr. Kean is, that here the Poet and the
Actor play up to each other.
We shall take an opportunity of illustrating the histrionic art by
a critical esamination of 1:r. Kean in all his principal characters,
and for the present must dismiss him with an unqualified appro-
bation of his
Mr. Pope played lap in his usual manner, and perhaps is the
best auxiliary that could be found to Mr. Kean; its an old servant of
the public he has our respect, but never rose very high in estima-
tion as an actor. We liked him best in Othello, when Cooke played
Lugo.
Glover performed her part after the manner of Mrs. Litch-
field; that is, with a ehemence which to our ear destroys the true
effect of passion ; and we must intreat her not to bawl with such
outrageous vehemence when she calls for whips in every hand tolash
the rascal naked through the world. The violence of Othello seems
to have inspired her with a passion of rivalry in noise and fury;
hat she shook) consider that the feelings of a waiting-woman are
not correspondtat with the downright madness of a jealous hus-
bind, and that a gra.,:t and subdued indignation comports better
with the character Ora spectator ()tithe scene, even when the hus-
band is guilty of los most anseemly outrages. There is besides one
obServation which v.T.'enti.eilt her to bear constantly in mind :
the female vaice, when raised above its pitch, is the most discord-
ant of all instruments. To prosOke Heidegger, it is said that a wag
put all the fiddles of an Orchestra out of tune ; and the crash of the
opening, when Gesso the second arrived at the entertainment, made
the musicians stamp with rage, 'We think' it right easily he Sur-
posed by three scolds in the tone of sack Eta/Ur/sits We have lately
seen; and in-the present instance the high voicCof Mrs.Gtora is so
mach niche apt -to break than the fullest tones of' Mrs. Litchfield*
that a cautionary pitcippipc in the Orchestra is we think absolutely
- •

83P

necessary to save the ears of the audience. In all else, Itirs.Glur.-r
is rather a favourite actress, and looks so well, that we regret the
more that our cars are disgusted, when our eyes arc in same de-
gree delighted. It must not be forgotten, that with all the tempta-
tion which Mrs. Burnes had from the applause of the galleries ou
misplaced rant, she pursued her task with sound judgment at leas,
a.►d never ontstepped the modesty of Nature. This is an aus-
picious omen, and we hail it with pleasure.
On Wednesday night Mrs. Centlivt•e's bustlim comedy of The
Busy Body was revived at this Theatre, fur the purpose of Mrs.
Mardyn's assuming the character of Miranda. Generally speaking,.
we certainly grntly admire this Lad.) ; but we must acknowledge
our expectations were considerably disappointed : her effort was
by no means a happy one : she failel, if her performance be taken
as a whole, personating the elegant, fashionable, and accom-
plished Miranda; though Fume parts of her performance, partici"-
iarly in her interview with Sir George Airy, in the Park. and he
pe►suading her Guardian of her affection for him, anti obtaining
his written consent to her netrria!re, she showed considerable talent"
The dumb scene with .sir George W 43 also conducted with a naivete
deserving the :►pplausc slie received. In short, though there was
somewhat to blame iu her performance, yet there was also much
to praise.
Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream, transformed into an
Opera, is about to be produced, with great splendour, at Covent-
garden Theatre. The parts of Helen and Hermia, with songs, will
be sustained by Miss Stephens and Miss Foote ; and that of the
little fairy Puck, or Robin Goodicliow, that " merry wanderer of
the night." will find an admirable representative in the arch, play-
ful, and lively Miss S. Booth ; Conway is the Theseus; and Listua
will perform the character of Bottom.
We are sorry to announce the indisposition of Miss O'Netet.,
She was unable, in consequence of severe illness, to sustain the
part of Juliet on Monday evening, which was performed, at a very
short notice, by Miss S. Booth, who was received by the audience
with great kindness, and sustained the character in a style that ex.- •
cited uniform and well-deserved applause.

A new Opera, front the pen of a celebrated Scotch Auth
has been accepted at Covent-gat den Thuat- e.
The Chester Theatre closed last week for the season. At
the conclusion of the play. the Manager, Mr. Crisp, came for-
ward, and, in a long Address, after thankiug the audience for
that support which he had received, gently complained, dirt the
receipts of the house had not met the ex pences ; hinting at the
same time, that the exclusion of Ladies of a certain description
from the Theatre, in compliance with the wishes of the town.
was the probable cause; and concluding with a hope, that a
future season would indemnity him for his loss.
A Mr. Kerr, of Ohio,cautioning the Public against trespassin;
on his lands, concludes with saying" Let no one avail him-
self of my personal friendship! the first alli:ace Will place
my
best friend on the tooting of the orchard, sheep-fold, and corn-
field robber! the next will lay him liable to be treated ai 1 treat
rambling dogs !"---( Rhode Island American.)
A German being asked how old he was, replied—" Sir, I an
dirty, and my wife is drrtit too V'
Two miserable caricatures arc circulated in Paris : the one
slims the king sound asleep in his coach, De Richelieu is driving
with the roast iialioool whip in his hand, while the horses, repre-
senting the rest of the Ministers, are kicking and pulling in all
directions. The other caricature exhibits M. de Lavaleite in a
sedan chair, Barbe Marbois acting as chairman, and De Cazes,
the Minister of Police, is guidiag them with a torch.
The wags of Paris call Lavalette's escape, La-Vedette; Anglice,
the farewell.
A soldier went into a shop at Brighton to purchase some
trifling article, and observing some red het rings lying on the
counter, asked what they were. To which the shopkeeper ie.
plied, .• Soldiers, my friend !" ".Are they so ?" rejoined the son
of Mars ; then take them as deserters," and walked off with
his prisoners, to the great amusement of the witty dealer.
A labourer in Woolwich dock-yard, a few days ago, for s
trifling wager of ss. actually devoured a live rat, skin, bones,
and all.—Upon this ferocious exploit being communicated to
his employers, he was immediately discharged film his situation,
as a disgiacc to his fellow-labourers.
