-- -s

339

be subject to a penalty. Again George 111. e. 21, enact",
• peachy for every hackney coach plying within ten 61411C1
Temple Bar without a somber. 'Lie 4241 George 111. c. 27f
• gives an exemption from assessed taxes for two ho:sks for teen
hackney coach ; the oilier is 43d George 111. Then there are
fares fur hackney coaches. how at funerals, hackney roaches
we see every day, will have four or live horses, the defendant
in such case paying no assessed duty. The Learned Counsel
contended the plaintiff, who paid a large tam of too ey for
farming these duties, was entitled 1.. be p nil by the defendant
fur every rain horse at funerals, as likewise by the mile fur
every horse so employed where the journey can be ascertained,
otherwise one-fourth of the money received.
Mr. Scarlett —The defence we mean to set up in this case is,
that persona who travel to he horned don't travel post, and that
therefore the plaiutilf, as farmer of post duties, has no claim
upon us in respect to funerals.—(Laughter.)
Lord Chief Justice.—W ell, well, we e:,all see how that is
by the Act of Pm lianieut.
Mr. ScarlAt submitted that the defendant paid d ivies
for eighteen horses, at one guinea a year each, it would there-
fore be for the defendant to prove that any other than those
horses were so u.ed. _ .

%% it were examieed upon toe facts, and the parties
agreed to a verdict of await'sl damages, with the view of bring-
iug the question before the Court in the form of a special emote.
714 E KUM Y. HOWLED AND GIBES. _

11:s was an indictment against Edward Howard and Joh•
Gibha, persons well known to the public, charging them with
a conapiracy, by aubkile means and contrivances, to cheat and
defraud K. M. Darknell, of 11071. _

The case was stated by Mr. Scarlett, and afterwards detailed
in evidence.
Mr. Darknell, the prosecutor, said he was a stri!oner in St.
31artin's•couti. He employed the defendants as agents, to laud
out his money to iatereat. He supposed at the time there was
• partnership. He saw both the defendants dots.; business ;
the first transaction was io 1812. In 1817 the defendants re-
ceived I lOU. as the redemption of annuity granted to ti'e 31ar-
gnu of SliAn, by witness. He applied fur the money, but
obtain it. One or the defendants pointed to a bundle of papers,
and said, " 1 have his father's will." The witness said, " what
is the use of that, I wait my money!" They promised the
money several titnea--and one of them acid—" Oh, my buy.
we have done the Marlborouji annuity fur you."• The witness
saw Gibbs several tintes..and always expressed comilaints that
be was not paid the Marquis of Sligo's money. They repeat-
edly told him of the Duke of Marlborough's annuity, and ow
one occasion Gibbs threw down a bank note for one thousand
pounds exclaiming " look at that, my buy !" The witness said
" then you can pay me." He promised he would pay the wit-
ness the next morning, provided he would out tell the other
annuitants. They never did pay him, but expended his money
in the purchase of the Duke of Nlarlburough.s cannily, which
became invalid by a decision of the Lord High Chancellor.
The witness, on his cross-examination, said he had been in bu-
siness forty years. He first employed the dcfendacts in 1812.
They gqt hint 11 per cent for bis money for four yenrs. The
plaintiff never gave them any general authority to lay out the
Marquis of Sligo's money. He signed the debenture for the
annuity in April, IBIS.
The Solicitor-General addressed the Jury, and several wit-
nesses were them called in support of the defendants' ease. and.
after an aisle charge from the Lord Chief Justine, the Jury ac•
quitted both the defendants.
FRIDAY, OCT. 23.
THE RIMY R. LODGE AND ANOTHER.

This was a proceeding upon a writ of fteri Arias, at the in-
stance of Salmon and Oily, truss makers, in the Strand, to de-
prive the defendant,. of the patent they bad obtained for a
doable spring truss, on the ground that 31eatra. Salmon sad
Oily had obtained a patent fur the same invention in ISM
Several witnesses were called to prove the truss invented by
the dafemiants, and fur which they obtained a palest is
was the invention of Salmon and o.ly.
On the part of the defendants, Dr. Canine, and several mai.
sent medical men, stated that the tries of Mr. Lodge and hie
partner was unlike the instrument ins oiled by Salmon and Oily ;
but the Jury, under all the circumstances, found a verdict for
the Crown, which determines the patent right to be in Meats'..
Salt:two and Oily

MURR•Y V. I.nRD 'TAIL

This was R H action upon a bond for 20001.eseented by tbe
noble defendants.

The Solicitor General stated, that the plaintiff was a British
officer, who brought this action as the reprreentative of his
fat ,er, to recover the amount of a bond for 20001. The father
of
Mr. Murray, who was an army agent, received front Cal.
Morgan two bills of exchange, accepted by I. Stair, whilst
lie was Mr. Dalrymple, and these bills haying been given all.
the noble defendant executed the bond in question. The bond
was then put iu and proved.
Mr. Scarlett, cc counsel for the noble d-feadant, said be bad
two grounds of defence to the action. First he should prose
the bills upon whin!' the bond was founded were given to dis-
charge a gaining debt at Pais. Secoudly, Cie •:ills were not
to Like effect before Cie death of the line tied of 'Lair. It
would appear that the bills were negocisted sod made •vailabla
previous to the death of the late Lord Stair, and on that cc.
count the transaction was invalid. The present Lord Stair,
when Mr. Dalr% wide, in IS! . w,s in Faris, and having en.
gavd in play with a Count Lichen, he lust 2tlsrol. lie gate
hills for the 63111 e in the name of Nlande rills, %lints were after•
%suds withdrawn, and ushers substituted by a Mr. Dodd, singe
Sir A. Dodd. The no ale defendant glee other t 011. to Mr.
Dodd, which aft: manta became the foutolation of tier bond. It
would appear Irina the stalest id that the plait:llh' could sot re-
cover, as the whole was a transaction arisiug out a a get:oldies
debt. The learned counsel tie. n callad

Sir Alemintler Dodd, who stated 'hat he was present in Paris
when Mr. Dalrymple lost to Count Liehen, play in: at dice, in
the house of a restaiiiiieur, the sum of 2UOJI. This eirenni•
Aance happened in 1807, and Mr. D dryinvle gate two httls
exchange for 10)7l. cacti. noble def,utlaiii at that tiros
to avelleit under the assumed name of Nlanitevil!e, and gate the
halls in that name. I t was liflet'Wn!..lll 0011,4 each: to irregularity.
The bills were witlidiawn soil others at:oat:toted by Mr. Dodd.
New bill• were e.t.a gi.en by Lord :Wit.. which got lulu the
hands of Colonel Morgan. sod finally into the 'minis of the
plaintiff's father. Load Stair afterwards took back the bills.
and gave a bond.
After t'.e etidenee of Sir A. Duild, a verili.,l wag taken far
the one 1.L414,1g, with Ilu:cly to mur.: ha a
nutrautt tot a point 01 law.

The late Mrs. Garrick W. 15 so ctms,intis of I•er ap-
proaching dissolution, that she ortlered the ►Leets whit h were
on the bed whew Genie!: di,tl, ati,l whisk were sera' nloasly
ebs:rved by her, to he aittll aol put upon t e :.ed. Wlalst
the serest was thiin; ibis tliv uwip;ze:: it; bei ,!WH.

I

II

1


`..

UNA
840

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
ODEssA,SiTipt .80 —(Estract of a private letter.)
—We h .ve had tor wane days frequent arrivals of
vessels from Constantinople, and they all bring us
news which is favourable to the rause of the Greeks
in the Peloponnesus and the Ntorea. The captains
if these vessels, to whatever nation they may belong,
are all agreed that at present there prevails a general
humiliation and discouragement at Constantinople.
The exhausted state of the treasury—the avidity of
the Government, which covets all the pree.ous me-
tills yet in the possession of in•lividutils, and the bad
news which tits arrived from Greece, and from Asia,
where the Persians have gained great advantages,
Lava all conspired to produce discontent and con-
sternation in the inhabitants of the capital. At the
departure of the last of these vessels, the news of a
great naval victory obtained by the Greeks in the
vicinity of the Sirens ofNegropont was also in cir-
culation. it is generally agreed that the Helleniass
have fought va!iantly in the Mmea at the last intro.
'ion, that the Lieutenant of Chourschid has bum
shamefully driven out of it, and that there remain
very few of all the warriors who accompanied Way
except a few fugitives who have found. refuge for a
short time in the walls of Corinth. We contras that
the Greeks have signalise.: themselves by their acts.
vity and tl.C:r courage—that they have done much,
rime even than could be expected from u people so
Jung enervated by the most cruel slavery. But we
do not the less look forward to the future without
inquietude. The last victories which the Greeks
have gained may, perhaps, not be snecesse.s, and may
induce some set the Christian Powers to declare in
t'avour of the Turks. Aceoriling to the principles
proclaimed in some European Cabinets, one is almost
tempted to believe, that they arc disposed to make
common cause with the Divan. It is, besides, no
longer a mystery, that a Power which always pre-
tends to the direction of European affairs, wishes it
to be formally declared at the approaching Congress,'
and adopted as a principle, that the Sublime Porte
forests an integral part of the European system, and
which signifies, in other words, that the Grand Sig.
nitre is a member of the Holy Alliance, though he
has not yet been required to sign that solemn treaty.
But his Highness will always reap from it the great.
eat advantages, for this treaty insures him against
every body a guarantee fur his provinces, and the
integrity of the Ottoman empire.
BUCIIARB.T. &PT. 2G--Tha new Hospodar,
Gliika, has made his entry into this city, surrounded
by his Counts, and by 2,700 Turks, who served him
as an escort. The tinnier Turkish garrison, pretty
Ztell enriched during its stay here, has given way to
these new corners. We hope, however, that no
more than 700 men will remain in Bucharest, and
that the rest will be =toned iu the neighbouring
villages.
FRONTIRS OF MOLDAVIA —What has passed in
the two principalities since two years, and is now
pus:sing, exceeds all belief. Posterity will not credit
our recitals, and yet they are perfectly correct. The
Twits, it appears, have the privilege of bringing the
...,plague into Europe, and they do not neglect to
wale use of it. The two Christian provinces of
Wallachia and Moldavia are now transformed into
two Turkish Victualer. A 1/van-Effendi, under
the name of a Christian Prince, decides on the life
or death of the unhappy ‘Vallachiatis and Mohla-
viuns. The evacuation, of which so much has been
said, was only a ridiculous piece of fraud and decep-
tion, for as Janissaries, gorged with blood sod pil-
lage, departed on cue side, there entered on the
other the Bulgarian militia, equally desirous of
plunder. Mistortunes succeed uninterruptedly, and
no end to them is lisreseen, far the audacity and in.
solence of the "i'urks constantly increase. The Hos-
podur, Glaka„ has uniced with a corps of fresh
troops, and set hungry courtiers, at Bucharest, alias
the troops had left. This is the promised evacua-
tion !
Tniatre, 0(v. 8 —We have received important
news from the Moreu—the Tarts, who had taken
refuge in Corinth, wade a sally on Sept. 16, which
had a fatal terminatiou for them. The Greeks killed
4,000 of them, and afterwards made themselves
wasters of the town awl vitt of Corinth. The re-
mains of the Ottoman army had again taken refuge
in the citadel, where there are also 3,000 wounded
and sick, which also adds nut a little to the mbar-
iits.ment if the Turkr, thoili;11 they received 10Ule
supplies the evening before they made the sally.
The Turkish dect, as we have heard,. has passed
along the Morca, going towards the Dardanelles,
hut constantly pirrued and iintioytil by the Greek
fleet, and losing continually on the viyage. Oa the
11th of September it towed the guilts( Napoli di
Itainiania ; twiner:Lately ail the Greek vessels left
the islands of the Archipelago, and joints sheir squa-
dron, which new propost:s, with nit „real strength, to
attack and destroy the ottoman fleet. News front
this quarter is expectest with impatience: the inha-
bitants of the islands are animated with the greatest
enthusiasm, and the pesition of the Turkish fleet in
