ttr+

[PRICE 9id.

present here; no moveineut of troop*, and no dependence an
any ore.
The Regency is allowed tiU today to accept the seer
constitution. The King is to be respected. They have paid
the troops here.
Excuse haste. The packet is expected to sail every
moment for Ragland.
P. S.---The Regency are certainly going to the RM. The
ftigateeare to take them, and the Count Palmetto goes 4
the Creek packet."
Retract of rueothor private Letter, dated Lisboa, Ragout SO:
" By the estelosed translated &mimeses you will perceives
that the standard of Liberty has bees raised, and the Cortes
itad constitution proclaimed, is the threo nortbera provinces
of Portugal.
" The first intelligence of this event reached es on the
28th. elf esterday oar present government issued a ;node-
motion, calling the lusurrectiou ' the horrid crime of rebel.
Cron against legitimate power and aseheirity; deletes' the
people and troops to remain firm to their government, and
promising to do now all in their power to ameliorate the
condition of the maths'.. Bat this proclaaaatiaa has bee*
treated with very tittle respect, though it was ported in
ahnest every corner. This morn sag the greater part of
them were foand tore or smeared with dirt, wt even except-
ing ttie places where sentinels are always Posted.
a To-day advice!' from Oporto up to the 2111 a were re-
volved; every thing remained quiet there,, aid they ais
preparing to act ou the defensive, if Deemer,.
le is reassured that Algarve and A lentejo ep needy to
proclaims, it tbey have OM already proelaimedal ciaostits-
hoe,: bet toe lave no coutirmation of this.
e, Tiler, can be no doubt that we are on the eve of aa
portapt ;Mae is God great that it may happen without any
.aseef heitig eonsiwitted. a You'll, the.
a. Been la Berta thoCesestitatioa has been proelaisted."
" Paid°n die wart afeigosteee to the reetteit every
preemie* ji Neeilorriiiitivilispresept ceder tit things
coatimeht.a - en jot •
. • •
ltagroti of a Littlerfroms Larra..ll.ll Jraf.Sl
a, You deaden assoffisear frost this poehet, Which goes
aft' repro's, the late MUM of the change its the 'overrate:at
of the proviaces north of Oporto, fuel at that cily, ethic'.
was publlely declared aged swum to by all the authorities,
diyiliclerical, sad ethers, on the Stith hiatus.—
rbe example hen bees fathomed at Coimbra and Leria, also
at Alsrantra, hem whence the troops and militia forces have
marched to Jain the common came. They are paid all their
arrest/ duchy the Royal Government, and there seems every
reasmoto believe all the Croups here and in the 'kinky wilt
takeethe same part.. The Government yesterday issued a
proclamation exhartfarg every one to maintain order and
faith towards the Kiug. Older certainly exists, and we
hope it wilt prevail; bat very little respect has been shown
to the piotiainatioa."
Extract from e Lottcr front Falaundfli, dated seplettek4B,
reins p. on.
" The Duo of Knit packet, Captain Lawrence, is this
evening arrived from Lisbon, after a passage of eight
pays, and briop the account of a revolution in Oporto the
proclamation is dated the 20th August, end names Greend
Salveira at the head of the Supreme Provisional Govern-
mcnt for establishing the Constitution; the military base
declared themselves in favour (Wit, and, in ematequence all
the British officers resigned. The news reached Lisbon on
the 2Sth of Avesta, and was re, cited with a degree of en-
thusiasm; illuminations had taken plaice at all the different
towns between Oporto and ; the Regency at Lisboa;
have also issued a proclamation uudtr date of the 29th ult.,
disapproving of the 'manses adopted by the inhabit/tuts of
°pinto, and have despatched the military to Oporto. No
donht existed at LiAniii but chat the whole of the army
would immediately jam thV revolutionist.; and it was ea-
peeled that the moment the military hod departed. the Lis-
hoidens would also declare in favour of the new constitution.
All has been dour nil hula Woodshed, and mite utmost print.
quillily prevailed. Dispatches go of to Government to-
night by express."

An account from Brandeuburgh mentions it as
something remarkable, that the French General
Galn, to whom Magdeburg was assigned as his
place of abode, left that city un the 31st August,
without giving any notice, and had not returned on
the 2d of September, in the evening. It is thought
that he has left Magdeburg with the intention never
to return, fur which reason a very active Commis-
sary of Police has boon sent after him, it being
conjectured that Carnot has taken the road to Hal-
berstadt. His son, who has long lived with him,
left Magdeburg some weeks ago, but, however,
provided with a passport. Their going away excitea
vat ious conjectures, and people are very curious to
learn the cause.

A letter from Bourdeaux, of the Bth inst. says,
—" A Spanish Cabinet Courier passed through her
yesterday, on his way from London. It is presumed
that one of the motives of his journey is to give ex-
planations to the Cabinet of Madrid, relative to the
convers akin in the Ilotve of 1")41s, betwcsii L o.d
Holland :old bird Liv 4 rpod, res,pectiog the relations
bet•reen England and Spun."
The Iliac and l)dchess de Caze:, tak. o Lord
Loo,;(ord's Cobtary Villa, near Hirro.v-(al-the.
li ii, hy twelve months certa.r., s. th.)l2l4ad
gittac.i•.

e

, •
Lir;
I.S\r-rY'
:r-
st •

`.t%

CGS

PORTIIaiL.
-.0-

Extract of a lottor from a Gentle'man of kilOlVll
reegeolahility, elated
" Potreo. Act:. Ste. ifieke
Admiring the independent principle., of your value ede tour-
ii d. end believing ilea the greater tent of your nailer, will be
remiced to heir thee:4ll,4Na considerable 'xenon tit the human
race is. iu rottukal, rearmed loin almost a mate of slavery and
thraldom. I basil to tratibmit von an account of the Itevolimon
that broke out in this city oi, the morning of the tl'etli in, , a
Berolution net only effected a idiom the shedding tit motel, but
whhont de-miler or tumult 0: tiny ileseeeption wludever; a ltc-
volution whide has spread like the tepidity of lightning in the
neighbouring cities, and which by this Mile is expected to have
turned over this hitherto degraded and oppressed country /11
every direction. A, mime, our neighbours, the Spaniards, it
tretelnenyehtealiout by the.'mditary, sad was in vuntemplation
more thou a twelvemonth. You are aware that laatugal
wee the most despotic country in Europe, that the people
were prohibited from iaterfering or speaking upon any
political topic. Of late, however, this prulubition was partly
relaxed. and it was not in corners or in private houses only that
the expected change was spoken of, bit even alnio,t openly in
our streets and in our public walks, and therefore it aimed no
surprise whatever when it tweet:red. Many motives contii•
buted to make the people eager in the extreme, and nearly
deeperate fix a change in the system of Government—the
abbeliCe Of the Hoye' Family in die limits, whew it was itecom•
panted by the tlawer of the Nubility—tau: continental drains of
specie film the country to carry on the war between the Cabinet.
of tiro de Janeiro and Ai tigrs, and also the funds arising trues
the Resenues of the Crown and those of the absentees—the al-
most total loss of our navigetimi—the distressed and ruined state
of our agriculture—die decay of our manufacturies—our i maturity
in our persons and property, and the suspension of the unity s
Joey, hich was more than seven month, in arruar, and %flitch
*cued much discontent among the soldiery. Surely, oir, these
rue suing causes, arid I exaggerate nothing, Luc there are
others that also contributed to the change, and which it is innie •
mitary w enumerate; bodice it to my, that the Pertugue,e arc
the moso,petient vi people, that they ate die uo,t governed
of all European nations, that their loyalty to the reigning tamily
of Braganca continued unabated, :tad yet sucu was the miserable
mete tit the country :seising tram bad poiicy, that even this peo-
ple at Net found it past till enilinance.
** To proceed then, Sir, on the night of the 23d instant, the
Conspirators (if these Noble Patriots who rescued their country
from the brink of destruction deserve such an appellation) as-
sembled at the house of Sepuldeva, the Colonel of the ebth
regiment; they consisted of himself, of Cabreira, Commander of
Artillery ; Gill, the Lieutenant Colonel of the tali; the Com-
itloatz of the Police Cavalry; the Doctor of Law, Jose Ferreira
Borges (3 man of great mote:dotal ability) and the Commanders
Meru rutilitia reginuots. This handful of brave men having
taken their tneitaures during the. night assembled the troops by
day-break, .uul Cabreira addresaallhem. Atter which mass was
celebrated in the mop of .Santo Ovitlio and die troops took the
oath pt fidelity to the !Ling. Cortes. and Constitution; all this
took place before five o'clock in the morning of the 24th, at
which hour the sun of righteousness shone with the most bril-
liant lustre upon the glittering arms of these deserving bone of
their country, ahtl appeared to animate them by its willies to the
glorious • enterprise. At this hour a discharge of 21 pieces of
artillery roused from their beds the inhabitants of Oporto, and
fax them to ur.derstand what was going on. The mops then,
beetled by their respective Officers, marched to the Town-
house in the Praffi Nova, and the Public Authorities were on.
mediutely aunianored to attend; there soon appeared the Bishop.
thu Chief Justice. the Military Governor et the Province, and
other !leads of Department& All being. assembled, a Provi.
signal Government was installed, consisting of 16 Members
selected from amongst the Nobility, Military, Clergy, Judges,
Merchants, and Citizens; at its head we: placed Antonio dc.
Silveira, a man of old and honourable name and Manly, and
gifted with talent and integrity; amongst these Members there
are a few of very considerable abilities, and doubtless they are
all animated by the welfare of their country. The Junta being
formed, its first act was to publish a elanifeeto to the people,
enumerating in moderate but firm terms the insults, the injuries,
the oppressions, the cruelties, M short, all the miseries which the
nation suffered for such a length of time front the incapacity and
crimes of those who directed the affair,' of the state; it recom-
mends, however, a total oblivion of the past, andgives the Por-
tuguese well grounded hopes tor prosperity for the future. After
the oaths were taken to the King, Cortes, &c. and the Govern-
ment established, the Assembly broke up, and the troops retired
to their quarters, where they were regaled by their generous
offiems with bread, beef, and wine, During this day there was
nothing heard or seen but cries of joy and congratulation • it
was, indeed, a day of festival, and not the sunniest accident
occurred to cloud the general joy; no deaths, no insults, no
arrests. no suspicion, no tumults, th short, no commotion of any
description. All the chops were open, and at the (occlusion of the
Constitution being proclaimed, the industrious part of the com-
munity went about their usual avocations; the thing appeared
more like a birth-day parade than any thing else, judging by its
order and regularity, and not like a resolute and determined betty
of meta who. with arms in their hands, and courage in their
hearts, assembled to throw off the yoke of tyranny anti despotism,
anti to restore their once celebrated tianie to its proper rank and
e-timation among the nations of the Coutinent. You are aware,
Sir, that there arc many English Officers in the service of l'ortu-
gal, and the Patriots, from motives of just and laudable pride,
Ueterinir,ed that the salvation of their country should be (elected
by themselves alone; accordingly, on the end, letters were bent
to all our military coeutryinen, apprising them of whet was to
take place, and desiring them not to intern:re one way or another,
and these instructions were till obeyer; had they resisted, the
consequences would have been unpleasant to themselves ; and
perhaps to us, who arc quietly pursuing our comme.cial pursuit,e
it might have beer. inconvenient. In truth, the conduct of the
Engiteli officers is hieiny laelable, and duly appreciated by the
l'ottugueae ; they are suspeneed from actual service till the
pleasuse of the Cortes be known, but in the mean time continue
iii puisession of their pay and rank in the army; in tate, so
pietieed is the Provisional iteo:etunieat wits their conduct, that
it has iisma a Circular stating the hove, and complimenting
them in the highest terms fir the sc.:vices which they tendered
the country, arid tor which services they will always feel grateful ;
it, the meantime a moderate and eat:CLOW belie% wur is recom-
mended them, but with a hint that such tecomineinlatiun is
unnecessary, :Min their el: anion aatl situ:Men in hie, and,
above all, from their being now Willie:KS of 4 whole people
unanimously and zealously stepping toiwanl to assert those
r gets which alike to all men. 'file whole country, from
the ricer alineo down to Leiria (within fit Icaguee of le exin),
has declared far die l'ruvieienal Gaveruinent, woo has now at
its command froin 2u to 25,(M0 taco, the Quiroga tit
Portugal, Colonel Sepulveda, has gone South, in order to pre-
pare and organise the army, in mt it should be neceseiry to
much to the relief of their countrymen at Lisbon ; tier army
hire is also prepa tog. All tine may not be ncr.:bbary, hut it is
certainly prudents and they really appear to be animated, not
with a wild and giddy enthusiasm, but with the won :Weer and
most determined resolution of not stopping until such litue set
the salvation of their country is accomplished ; as Eneisie
men, we pray diet the God of Armies may uccompany and guide
them in all their orernions. !deny people enteitain doubts of
Lisbon coming into 'he views of tile Nuitliein Provinces instan-
t incotoly, anti they judge teis horn the many intere 0 that clash
t e;ctlier iii the metropolis, add AMA its abouuding with the vet-
