GALLANT EXPLOIT.

A letter from the brave Captain Schaumann, of the
Russian ship Industry, dated Lisbon, on the 17th July,
contains the following interesting details of the capture
and re-capture of his vessel
°° The The Algerinc pirate brig, of 22 guns, had hoisted
the !'nglish Hag ; he summoned the Captain in good
English, on the 3rd of July at noon, near Cape Finis-
terre, to come on board. The latter, not thinking it
could be an Algerine cruiser, proceeded in his boat to-
wards her ; and it wits only when he came very nef.r
that lie saw the crew lying flat on the deck, all which
he thought very strange. Having got on board he ex-
hibited his papers, but he was told they were of no use,
unless he had a Turkish passport. His vessel and cargo
were declared a fair prise; and 11 men armed with
muskets, pistols, and sabres, took possession of the ship,
whilst five alter crew, including the pilot, two Russians
an.l the adopted son of the Captain, were carried on
board the pirate vessel. These persons are now i:t
slavery. As soon as the pirates had taken the vessel,
and shut up the Captain And remainder of the crew in
the tbrehohl, the hatch of which was guarded by one cf
them, with a naked sabre, they steered fin• Algiers, and
passed Oporto on the 4th of July. In the mean
Captain Schaumann engaged his people to undertal,e,
at the hazard of their lives, the recovery of their vesm:l,
They accordingly forced their way up the hatchw.:y en
the sth, and attacked the Turkish crew with the great-
est intrepidity. After a battle, which lasted an ba,:r,
they nicceetled in killing the whole eleven, and threw
the bodies into the sea. In this unequal contest, Captain
Schaumann was severely woanded. on the head, in the
back, and in the hand. His five sailors came off tolera-
bly well. Scarcely had they congratulated each other
on their victory, when another corsair hove in sight,
but happily they escaped their new danger, and entered-
the harbour or Lisbon with safety on the 7th.

THE PRINCESS or WALES.—Romr, Aun. B.—The
Princess of Wales left Rome some days ago.—lt is be-
lieved that she proceeds to Milan. A few days before
her departure a pamphlet was put into circulation by
the advocate Maracco, attached to her suite. It is en-
titled, "Conziderazione libre sulla revoca della decora-

zioneCroce di Malta, intcntc contra it Signore Barone
B. Bert primo Ciambellano di S. A. R. !a Prince-
pessa di Galles." Londra, 1817, (but printed at Rome).
" Free considerations on the recall of the decoration of
a Knight of Malta, directed against Baron B. Bergami.-
first Chamberlain of her Royal Highness the l'rince)4
of Wales." The following is the circumstance wins:,
eve ris.. to this production. The Lieutenant of the
Z' 1 'ram_
hatter of Malta, who resides 3e La.l
....enferred on M. Berwanii, in 18!6, a :Toss of the Ordar
of Malta. This cross was subsequently required by 6..
Order to be given up at Milan, at the instance of tI4,
commander Busea, because it was as that Bergami
was not of noble birth. At page 57 of this pamphlet is
thutal the tidlowing pas.sage , «Lich cannot give great
pleasure to the Court of the Ex-Kin of Spain, Chm!os
11'; The Pt-in:l:Fs of Wales satisfied with the con-
duct of 1k -,muti, and still more with his unlimited zeal
fin- her person, nominates him her equery
What wonder in this? By continued proofs of devotion
without bounds shewn her during her various travels, a
claim was upon her gratitude. She therefore promoted
him to the rank of her chamberlain. AVhat wonder in
this ? We arc still far from the case of the famous
player at the Court of Scotland (Rizzi.), or of the life-
guardsman (the Prince of Peace) at the Court of
drill. '

Bishop, the Born•-street officer, is artheail town
a young man of the name of Dickenson, formerly one
of the clerks in the (3 ravesend Bank. The circumstau• e
will be recollectol of Dickenson absconding with -IOC.;
obt.►ined by a forgery on a banking house in Lon& a.
Bishop traced hint to Abbeville, Fr.►nc.•, where he
prehended him, and lataled with his prisoner on Wed-
nesday last at Newhaven.

!Z

LORD ANIIIERSrS VOYAGE TO CHINA.

His Lordship sailed front -Portsmouth. on -the 9th of Febrn-
i\ly, lain, oil ati einaassy to the Coil I t of Pekin, on board his
iilajesty's •frigate, Alceste, Capt. M. dJa well ;
tried by the byre brig of war, Capt. B. Hall, and the General
Lewitt Indianan, Capt. Campbell.
ells Lordship tatielied at Madeira, Rio 3ancrio, the Cape
of Good Hope, and datavia ; mid the voyage was extramili•
nary fur its rapidity, the ships having traversed I tdaktlllibla
94 days artier sad, In the beginning of July the cm
tssy arrived on the coast of China, mud proceeded up the
sca ; hosing been joined by Sir G. Staunton, at Great
Lemma, Sir G. having been sent dawn to say the emir:is:l]
Avollil be received is itti every attention. On the 9th of°
Angst the etalmasy disembarked safely in the Gall of Pc:
4 ueli, which is not far distant front the capital. %Mkt on
the journey every rffo.t was Made by the al:mil:nine to in-
...lace his Excellency to comply with the Tartar ceremony of
the Ko.ton—whielt was resisted on the groand of the race-
ii:mt ut Lord Macartney ; but every demonstratiou of respect
eousistent with the dignity of his Sovereign, and the honoured'
his nation, was freely offered by his Excellency. This de-
grading ceremony of -kneeling and knocking the head (the
literal ealwession in Chiuese) nine time against the ground,
is not only densatitled from the Ambassadors of all tributary
!.tags (as every sovereign of the warld is rudiserimithitely
-cadet:l.l when in the Imperial presence, but, likewise, on re-
ceiving° any lilelklage flOllll the Emperor, and on broken vie•
teals being seat to them from table : and this was actually
r ebmitted to by the Dutch in 179.,. The Chinese, fur obvi-
oui rearm's, were extremely anxious for the performauce of
this ceremony by a British Ambassador ; and threats, hat•
teries, and lies in abundance, were used, in order_ to induce
complianee—but all in vain. A most extraordinary scene
look plan• at the Palace of Yetur-Miti-Yuen, which, with
many other singular circtintatances attending the departure
/ram Pekin,und the journey of four months through the celes-
tial Empire, will very soon Ire laid before the public. The
Emperor, a man of impetuous and capricious disposition,
increased by a habit of constant inebriation, seemed, in his
cualer 111010e11111, afraid of the consequences of his abrupt dis-
missal of the embassy, as appeared by his rending after it, to
request some •exchange of
.presents, and expressing himself
satisfied of the respectful feetings of 're king of England, who
had sent so far to pay him homage, attributing the whole
blame of Me:affair to like uninaimerly conduct of the Ambits.
sador, who refused to knock head, as in duty bound, and ac-
cording to the common u ules orpoliteness. The embassy, on
the tour through China, experienced the must perfect res.
4iect. The Alceate and Lyra, alter landing the embassy, were
employed in surveys; the former taking the Gulf of late° tong
and coast of Corm, the latter the south-western toast of
that Gulf. The Alccste went as tar as tile junction of the
great wall of China with the sea, which was seer, trim' the
.chip. Both ships joined company at Chem-Ton, or Ze.a/roti
islauds.—The tinepositions of the coast, and islands of Chi- •
nese Tartary, and mach useful hydrographical knowledge
were obtained, whereby former emirs are corrected. Steer-
ling afterwards for the Corean shore, they found former geo-
graphical description.; of .it miserably detective; and an
archipelago of islands, hitherto unknown to exist, were dis-
..covered. Many were christened with particular names, and
'correct charts made of the true position of the whole. The
ships theraproceeded to the southward ofJapan, and arrived
at the.Lieon Kieuu islands. Morehydrographicial knowledge.
was obtained, and an intimate acquaintairee. formed with the
natives, of w hum, hitherto, little was known, and themselves
seater kaawing any thnig about the rest of the world. At
Grand Lticlieu, die chief of this kingdom of islauds, the ships
re-fitted, among a race of people as extraordinary fur their
diuMintive size, as fur their general character. They are ut
great antiquity aal considerable civilization—possess much
ado. rigid, *antral jealutisj and reserve of their neighbours,
the Jn and Chinese. On 1111111er acquaintance, they
*ere urMnl as interestiug people; in the highest degree
.lid and hospitable ; and after a stay of six weeks, both par-
ios separated with evident proofs ofinuttial regret.
The Alceste arid Lyra arrived at the mouth of the Tigris,
In November, and were treated with every indignity by the
Viceroy of Canton, who refused a pass far the sfiipeito enter
die river, as had been granted to the Lion ota.furuuer occa-
sion ; thus attempting to cut off the supply of fresh water and
provisions, which could only be brought eat board by stealth
after dark ; and various other insults were offered. Capt.
Maxwell, justly considering that the hocour of the flag must
antler by a tame submission, proceeded up without a pass.
The Mandarins strongly maimed the forts (cuntaining 11l
pieces eefcannoa) at the deiced Tigris, and sent out a message,
as the ship advanced, that they would sink her (the Maestro
ifshe attempted to pass through. She nevertheless pushed
on, and a sharp tiring commenced from the forts and war
junks, which was immediately reburied by the Alceste, wl:ich
getting within pistol shot of their largest fort, a well aimed
broadside was poured in, which laid a number sprawling, and
fairly drove the rest heels over head out of the battery : the
ship now proceeded tip to her sate and proper anchorage,
followed, but unmolested by the war junks. Next day the
Viceroy (having been now treated the right way,) sent down
la high :Nlandarin to congratulate the Captain on his arrival in
the river, this Mandarin having passed Capt. M-in his way
.dawn, wain, in the mewl trine,llad gone up to Canto'', to
aleinaad further reparation for the insult uttered to the King's
ship.
03 Tuesday, the 29tli of January, his Majesty's ships Al-
• cesteand Lyra sailed froni :Macao Roads ; the former having
oil hoard his Excellency and suite, returiiing from his albino')
from the Court of Pekin. On the :id of February, the Alceste
arrived .at alarkilla, and the Lyra or, the ath, waen she was
bent with his Excellency's dispatches to Bengal.
'flic A 'caste VMS proceeding i.eto the Straits of Sunda,
through the Straits of Gaspar, when sloe oulortmlately struck
on a coral reel, on the morning of the IStli of February, and
•alairtly tillod. bio lives were lost on this occasion. The Am-
bassador and his slide, with some of the crew, were imam-
• tla,tely put on shore ea We island of Pulo Leat, a short dis
to cce from the wreck. _

It was decided, after Lord Ansberitt's remaining nue night
.on the island, that his Lairdship and suite should attempt to,
• make Batavia ',distant DU miles) in two boats, attended by
Lieut. lloppner, and Messrs. Mayne, Cook and Blair, aim
.tbet, arrived utter four days of much fatigue and hardship,
from want or water, at Batavia. His Lordship without a ino-
,srient's delay, dispa'ehe t the Company's cringer:femme, with
Mr. Ellis, the Secretary of Embassy, volunteer, to the assn•
tanceof those left laehnuf. She beat against the wind alio
•suri eat fora considerable thee, and at last got sight of the:
.j►tand. party left souse provisions, they male shift to
• live there khaving obtained, by digging' some fresh water)
-from the Midi of Febritary to tile 7th of Jlareli. During thus
.period tbry.svere beset tiy the savages of the neighbouring
