GERMA PAPERS.

SWIT7ERLAND, MAY SO.—Among the subijoets to
be discussed by the next Diet is a propose for a
commercial intercourse, which M. Z:a, the Envoy of
the new Republic of Winning, has made to the
Confederation, as lie has to other European States.
M. Zes goes from Paris to London, having resided
in the tomer city a considerable time, in pursuance
of his object. 'l:he French mercjigots treated him
witn mein regard. Tit intends to rass the mania

Extract of a letter from flavannab, dated April
26 :—" The brig of war Achilles, and corvette Ma-
ria Francisca, have arrived here from Vera Crux,
with the merchant ships Fantu and Union. The
united sums on board of thtse vzseels amount to ..I,rci•l
about three millions of dollars, chiefly bound to Ca- .c. -
N
dir. In Mexico it is by this time expected that a . .
c"
c;% ii war has brol.en out, liar I turbitle i.isists on hays. : -•':' , r
Mg the Imperial Crown thy himself, and the Con-
..__4 ,' N
gtess, people, and soldiery, are determined that nei- -,,1 - -
ther he new any of his family sh.:ll reign over them. f. ' • '
When the last accounts left the Mexican cai•ital, all
the inhabitants were in a state of ennsternation, duty :- :•••:--..'-'''',o
txpecting hostirriies to break nut:' . ~..'. t
.-i...._..,-
tIN

.2%! •

.~ .e.r~..r-

IF6

~.f

:simpertat Varttamc at.

'MUSE OF LORDS.
310N1AV, JUNK 114
Lord ST. VINCI- NT took the oath. and his sett. This
!Roble Peer, by the indulgence of the 1.-rds, wore Las hat in the
House. Indisposition was the CA se or this departure front
('queue.
The Camden Town Paving and Lighting Bill wash read the
bird time and passed.
1.001 OWYDVII presented a petition from Spilaby, Lincoln-
shire, cotuplaining sp,ricadt tit al diatrest, and praying relief.
Lord H AREW UOL) presented a petition front IVltuby against
alteration in the navigation laws.
Tie Earl of AY I.ESRLIIt I* presented a petition from Roches-
ter against the R. mar. Catholic l'eers, Bill, The above petitions
were severally read and Lod on the table,
lair N.Colthiltst and other inembete front the Commons brought
up the Cork I toproveniehi 1301.
Mr. N. Calvert brought up the Recognizance IEII, Mr. 11.
Davis the Cruelty to Animals Bill, and several private
which were read he first time.
Lord ERSKINE presented retitions from Walworth, (Surrey),
Et. Ann's (lilackfriar's). Dulwich, and 11 hitechapel, praying the
Lill to punish and prevent cruelty to animals may pa-tes into a law.
The noble Lord expressed great pleasure .at finding such a bill
had been brought bean l'arliatnent.
Stare or IttEratros.—The Marquis of I.ANSDOWNE
said, " 'laving been prepared to propose a resolueen on the state
of Ireland this day, 1, two hours ago, roccived a letter from u
noble earl (Liverpool), -.tinting that, from sudden indisposition.
it visa impossible fur him to attend the House ; I therefore beg
leave to move titers-der of the slay be discharged, and renewed
to Friday, when I have reason to suppose, the noble earl may be
ready to take a part in the discussion. '
The order was consequently discharged, and fixed again for
Friday.—The House then adjourned.
TUESDAY. SIINE. 11.
Tire House met ai a quarter to four.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented a petition frotn
Sudbury, in Suffolk, against the Catholic Peers' Bill.—Laid on
tiro table.
Mr. Brogilen and ether members from the Commons brought
up the Aniarican trade and the Colonial Trade Bills, also the
Annuities Deeds IVlemorialming Bill, which were read the first
time.
Lord CARRINGTON presented a petition from Chipping
Yl'possesli. praying for a revision of the criminal code. Laid on
like tate..
The Eartuf S lIAFTESBE RY. on behalf of the Earl of Liver..
pool postponed the second reading el die Colonial and American
Trade Bills until Monday. H e also postponed the second reading
lathe Navigation Rill to Monday, and moved that the Lords be
summoned for Monday. Ordered.
Sir G. His, frown the COUelliOnli, brought up a message re.
cuesting the attendance of the Marquis of Dawnshire, for the
purpose of giving testimony to the Comunuee appointed to
exanunethe laws respecting lrelar,d.—Leave was given the noble
idargnis ro attend.
Lord SIDIOUTII presented a petition from the inhabitants
*I Devises against the Cathoiic Peer's Bill. Read and laid on
the 'ethic. The Daum adjourned.
• ari.DNESIDAY, JUNE It.
Mr. latitchinson, and other members from the Commons,
bought up the Cork Market Bill, which was reasi the first time.
Mr. Trundle, from the Chief Secretary et inland, presented
the third leport of the comittis; .revs tit Irish Fisheries.
Mr. %Vitas, from tit. Court to King's Beach, and Mr. Clarke,
resat the Common Pleas, presented felons loin the Judges,
sairsviant 10 an cinder of the 'louse.
Warrants of Attorney Bid went through a committee.
The Recognizance Bill went thriagli a committee.
The Earl of IILESsINGTON moved the committal of the
Irish Deeds Bill, which accordingly passed through the (30111.
anima.
On die third reading of the Sheriff's Depute Dill, the Earl of
Lauderdale made a tew übservattons, and moved a verbal amend-
ment. Afier sonic observations from Lord alelviile and tire Lord
Cionceller, the amendments wete agreed to. Tile bill was then
Celtutlie third time and posed.
Lord ELLEN BO eUGH moved to discharge the Order of
the Darter the discussion of the Marriage Amendment Bill.—
He could not witlistand the wish of a noble and learned Lord to
postpone the- discussion until a noble Earl (Liverpool) was abla
to aueorl in his place; he therefore fixed the committal of the
Bill for 'Cuesday next, and moved the Lords be summoned tor
that day.—Adjourned.
t'ittnaDAT, SUI/E 15.
:taws nePT taws.—Toe LORD C HANCELLOR brought
le a 8.11 to enable the Court of Chancery, in cases of bankroptcy
uneier.joint coninissdona, to supersede the commission, upon any
once( the partners being able to satisfy all his creditors. Tine
Bill Was read the that thine r and the noble and learned Lord said,
en Monday next he should bring in a kill to amend the bankrupt
Liss, which bill. he hoped, wood pass this session. Ile should
also bring in a third bill, not with the intention to pass it during
the present session, but to lay on the table fur the consideration
sal the llotire.
The Bishop of EXETER presented a petition from St. Sid-
vediL Exeter, and Lord ROLLE one from St. Eduiond's Exeter,
agatett the Roman Catholic Peers' Bill.
Mr }dawn, front the -East India Compaay, presented an ac•
count of the revenue and expenses of the diderent presidencies
ia India, from May 11.21 to 1522.
Mr. Chetwynd, from the House el Commons, brought up a
message, stating, that the House had agreed to the amendments
made by the I.ords in the Vagrant Laws Amendment Bill.
The Manslaughter Bill and the Warrants of Attorney Bill
was read die thud time.
The Recognizance Bill went through a Committee.
The 'nal' Dads Registry Bill went through a committee.
The Murgetis of LANSDO it NE said he had received an in-
timation from a nolne Lori( 1 iverpool ) that he should endeavour
to tis m his place no the House to-morrow, in consequence of
*thuds it Was Ili.. (Lord Lansilurwile's) intention to submit lus pro
position team crow on the state of Ireland. Adjourned.
FRIDAY, JUNE 11.
Lord DARNLEY, berate the House proceeded to the im-
porsunt btlilnessfit nay.. requested to know whether the noble
Lord (Liverpool) bad Teceived any further information on the
.tat jeCt of the sts:tonery Job in lie.and ?
foe Earl 01 LIVE, tIPOOL said, a correspondence on the
subject had taken place, which he should nut object to lay
tine table.
lord DARNLE'r then stated, that he should be prepared on
Monday to make: a motion to the subject.
Tire Marquis of LA NsDol,l' N r., in pursuance of notice. rose
t., cad the aitairion of the House to the state of Ireland. After
all that had °centred on this subject during late years, it was
necessary that this iinportant question should he brought before
Paraunnent. He torriefirre felt he s meld stand acquitted of
caim‘ng forward irregularly. lie should state tine views he had
of Ireland in ,be hearing of individuals who, from their local
situation, wou'd, if he was wrong, set him right. To all the
distresses of England, Irelainl had been subject in a greater
degree. Ireland, txc,uvively agriettitural. had been exposed to
the lull weight of agrieultund evils. To save the time of the
noose he world net state those distresses. but call the attention
tor- the I.urets to paitiliar reatonfast,res, a hich pressed down the
Irish I.ca.alation. If it siveald appear that what was a blessing
to other taeuntries a-as a, poison to Ireland, would not the bourn
enqoirethe cause of 'hat unnatural Aare of things .e
—Was it be;
came ths :uvulas suasion of Ireland tare sae every advantage

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

that she was poor and wretched amidst plenty, barbarous amidst
civilization, and ungovernable amidst good government and the
ben, tit of the best constitutton ?—They were to look beyond the
institutions of the country for the cause of so many evils. They
had to look to the general population of the country, to the burden
which weighed down the population, which were increasing in a
most extraordinary wanner. In 1695, the population was
lti2l, it was 6,846,000. One fourteenth of that
population only were Prom:saints. Another fourteenth were
Dissenters. The renetinder were Roman Catholics. The popu•
lotion, by a course of degradation, had been brought down to
mere subsistence upon potatoes, and many had been driven to
depend on precarious support. It was to the state of degradation
into which the country was reduced that they were liable to wit-
ness the thplorable scenes which had so lately occurred. I Ilere '
the noble Marquis quoted some beautiful lines from the rs Des
scrod Village to illustrate his argument.l—The peasant, de-
prived of the fair produce of his industry, fell a victim. and the
the spot he cultivated became his garden and his grave. It so
happened the best measures adopted by Parltamentliad increased
the sulferink,oi and immorality of the people. The trial by jury,
and the elective franchise, intended as the greatest privileges t.:ie
nation could enjoy, appeared in Ireland the cause of dissatisfac •
thin and crime. Too many persons living on farms were allowed
to have a common tegisteied tight to vote at elections as free-
holders,—Excessive taxation also had not only driven out from
that country cont Arts which formed a basis for improvement,
but reduced the levinue. They hail diminished the duty on
sugar.—From 356,11001. they had reduced it 2.70,0001. Tea had
been also diminished. The produce of duties had been lessened
and inintorality increased. Such were the advantages in carrying
on illicit distillation in Ireland, that a man embarking 91. would
realize 4. These illicit stills ware a nodose from whence disaf-
fection si rung. They had tilled the prisons of Ireland with per-
sons guilty of this •" it traffic. Not less than .5332 persons had
been prosecuted and put into prison for illicit distillation ; and of
that number syG2 had been convicted. The men who escaped
were qualified by depravity to become formidable opponents to
the government. This evil sprang from excessive taxation.—
With respect to the administratUn of justice in Ireland, lie might
say the magistracy of Ireland had for years required revi
There had been found magistrates in Ireland in poverty, and
without any of the means the discharging that duty. A person
applied to th enable Marquis sometime since, to lend him money
as a gentleman. the son tat a magistrate in 'Leland. It turned out
he was an impostor, nut with respect to his being the EMI of an
Irish magistrate, but in returning the money. His father was
a wag strate, bsgkrupt, and beggar. Wlint could be expected
from meson of such a father, or the father of such a son ? In
religious matters, the people of Leland had much to complain of
—two thirds of the population had been shut out from their legal
rights. The noble marquis considered decisions upon religious
matters ought to be caw toils and mild. lie cited the instruction
given by Lord Bacon to Lord Osborne, who was going out to fill
a judicial situation is Ireland My first advice is, that you
proceed with equality on matters of religion, lest Ireland civil
become more dangerous than Ireland savage." The laws were
improperly administered. lo the west of Ireland a custom pre.
sated of deciding claims to land by the following practicer—One
assaulted the other, and the person wham the assistant barrister
declared to be right, was considered the person as having claim
to the land. nobie marquis considered the absentees inju- ,
rious to Ireland, but at the same time an encouragement was
held out to them to suit the country. The Court in England
occasioned theft absence, and the absence of capital drawn from
lush industry. The Church of Ireland ought to be for the
benefit of Ireland, but Ireland was made a benefit to the Church.
In many instances in the south of Ireland. clergymen had said
they would rut receive tidies of flax, het:gust. they felt that the
act was oppressive to industry. This wits an injustice to them—
selves. and spewed the necessity for providing proper support for
the clergy of Ireland. The tithe causes in the last three years
amounted to no less than 12,3t1i. This was a proof of the
mi-
seeable state of litigation between the clergy and the population.
In Kilkenny alone 2,1911 causes had been tried. The tithe upon I
potatoes was sometimes properly placed, and often improptriy.
With imposts so levied, so repulsive to the clergyman and the
farmer, he could not conceive a subject which called more for the
utt anion of Parliament. In the exposition of the principles of
the Church of England, it was held out that nothing could be
more erroneous than the doctrines of the Chi rch of Rome, which
held out that tithes were a divine right. Parliament ought to
treat that sort of property in a manner that would render the
Church not less dependent on the State than at present. He was
induced to suggest, whether a valuation of corn might rot secure
the clergyman against a change in tithes. By convcrung corn
• to moneys a coinmutation might be made which would much
benefit the clergy and the people. It was net, however, on any
suggestion of his that an experiment should be made, bocausa
every suggestion was involved in great difficulty. One great
burden cast on the peasantry of Iretaud was that of building
Protestant churches, into which they were never to enter or
receive the least benefit. Whilst lie had respect for the Church
in arcland, he thought provision ought to be made for exempting
the Catholic peasant from the building of Protestant churches
The noble marquis concluded a must animated and able speech,
by moving, „'That it is the opinion of this house that the state
of Ireland' indispensibly requires the attention of l'ar'iument,
with a view to improve the condition of the people, and more
effectually provide tor their tranquillity and domestic happiness."
The Earl of LIVERPOOL eulogists' the able and candid
manner in which the noble marquis had brought this important
subject under the consideration of Parliament. He. however,
felt it was his duty. to oppose the motion, because it conveyed a
censure on his Majesty's Government which they did not merit.
After a di bate of some length, in which several Lords delis
vered their sentiments fro and eon. a division took place. The
numbers were, Fur the motion, (A—Against it. um—Majority,
4b.-I'he house then adjourned.

HOL:SE OF COMMONS.
mosv4N, Jt iI. 10.

A petition was preseoted from Southwark against the repeal
of the Leather 'Tax.
Sir R, WILSON called the attention of the Under Secretary
of State to the severities which had befallen a native of Patras
named Serail:a, io consequence of Sir T. Maitland having sent
liina and his family from the lonian Islands • Berouka having
left those islands, in consequence of the Lord High Commis-
sioner's order, for which no reason was assigned, and the vessel
in winch be sailed was captured by the Algerines, and Berouka
and family were now subject to slavery. This was a very
hard case. Did the bun. Luder Secretary know any thing
about it
Mr. W ILMOT replied tlitt he was not acquainted with the
case, but he would institute inquiry.
'the Recognizance Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. MONEY presented a petition from the Trinity House
Corporation, preying for leave to bring in • bill to amend their
laws, so as to meet the new state of things that would he au-
casione4 by the altered navigation laws, &c. Referred to a
Committee.
LICENSING SYSTEM.—Mr. G. BENNET presented the re-
port of the Alehouse Licenses Bill. Ordered to be taken into
further ttonsideratiou ou Friday treat, and (lieu Bill, as amended,
to be printed.
Mr. HUME moved for an account of persons holding two wr
more olices in Ireland, under Government the cook:um:as,
dm—Ordered.
Mr. DENMAN presented it petition from Cotton mannfactit-
nrc ,agairot the Colonial Lillis—The petition was ornered to be
printed.
