THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

• they will eagerly embrace such enterprizes if they are led as
they should be. In the succession-war the enemy entered twice
lot° the interior of the kingdom, and even as far as its capital,
• d tt.is was the cause of their defeat, their entire ruin, and their
u ter fatlurt of success.
66 7. The aatteralisiimos of the North and Fast will block
up the entrances to the Provinces under their command, and
come to the assistance of any one that may be attacked oy the
ta,emy, to prevent as mochas possible all pillage, and preserve
adiabitants from the desolation of war.; the many mountains
• :I,•abes which are tier the confines of these Provinces being
fat oaraile to such prajects.
" 8. 1 'e fk•tination of the General of Navarre, Biscay. and
the rest of t a • Department is the most important of ::11,
which he %%il. !le a,at,dcd by the Generals of the N orh and Lust,
with the troops and tither .-nceours which he stands in need of.
His whole busiocss mast ba to shut the entrance of Spain azainst
fresh French troops, and to harrass ana .de-troy those titat re-
turn from S;atin to France by this point. The ver rugged
In-
• cal sittiaAnn of these Provinces will he of saignlar advaotage in
sm.!' a design, and there enterprises, if well eoueerted, and car-
ried bit') execution, will, no doubt, be successful : and the same
limy be understood of the different points by a hieh the French
mops which are lie Portugal may come into Spain, or by whirl.
French temps may enter through nolissillon jinn Catalana, for
tlUle is ma teach to be apprehended front Arragon. And, evert
from Po: ,ugal, it is- not thought that they will escape, on ac-
entakt of ;,,e Prat Imitations which have been circulated in that
kingdom, and tae hatred which they before bore to the French
hciag envy, and without measure by the innumerable evils which
the:, have been made to starer, and the cruel oppression
ihr are held by them.
9. At Ilia same time it would be very proper that the Ge-
neralissimos should ptaish and circulate frequent Proclamation,
ateenast thy people, and rot-e their cour:ea• and loyalty, shers-
illy them :hat the, have every thin. to fear from the horrible
pt. iieN et to 't %%Writ the Freoelt have dealt with all Spain, and
•evt nee tat it .'orditiand V 11. and that if they rule ove.
' its all is lust, l; Propert , Liberty, lade
pendenee and ; and that therefore it is necessary to
sacrifice our 'Livia and property in defence of the King and of
the Country,
.aid tnough our lot r which we hope will never
*nine to ;Ass) qtauld destine us to become slaves, let its become
'pc itOting and dying like gallant men, not giving tits nurselves
-basely to the yoke like sheep. as the late infamous (levernmen,
svould have done, and fixing upon Spain and her slavery eteraal
igatany and disgrace. France has never domineered over us,
'nor set her foot in our territory,. We have many times master-
ed her, not by deceit. bat by force of arms; we have made her
Xiags prisoners, and we have made the nation tremble—we are
the ,dare Spaniards, and France, and Europe, and the World
still sae, that we are not less gallant, nor less brave t'aan the
naea aiariati, of our ancestors.
" 10. All persons of education in the Provinces should he
stimulated to frame, print, and publish frequent short dis-
courses, it' order to preserve the public opinion, and the ardour
of the nation, confuting at the same time the infamous diaries
of "%I adrid, which the baseness of the late Government has per-
ra;tted. and still pertnit,, to he published in Madrid itself, ate
has caused to he circulated abroad, detecting their falsehoods
mast continual contradictions; let them cover with shame th,
oniawable authors of these diaries, and sometimes extend their
remarks to those Charlatans, the French Gazetteers, and even
to ibeit Mottilent ; and Irt them display and publish to Spait .
to all .Europe, their horrible falsehooda and venal praises, for
they afford anuatiam m:ttter for such a work. Let all such per-
verted minds tremble at Spain, and let France know that the
Stamiarkt have thoroughly penetrated their designs, and there-
fore it is that they, just Iv detest and abominate them, tied that
they will sooner lay down their lives than submit to their ini-
quit• u• and b a various yoke.
" 11. Care shall he talven to explain to the nation, and In
en»vince them, that whet) freed, as we trust to be, from this
ci. it wr, r, to w Lich the Freud) have faired and a hen
'diced in a state of tranquillity, our Lord and king L'erdicand
% I I. being re-stored to the Tilt one, limier him and by him the
Cutiles nit) be.assembled, abuses reformed, and such inns shall
be enacted ;t the eiretanstances of the lime and experience may
tlietate for the pnblie veal and happiness. 'things which we
Spaniards khan- how to da, which we have done as a ell us
aer nations, without any aece-sity that the vile French should
come ft. iwtruct u., :aid, accordieg to their custom, under the
initak of friendship, and ae ishas far our happiness, should con-
trive, fur this alone Vat.) are contriving, to plunder us, to vita-

JULY 10.

late our woateo, to assassinaie us, to deprive us of ti. , rty,
laws, and our King, to scull at and destroy our s . mu_
gion, as they have hitherto done, and will al coo.tiotte
do so as long as that spirit of perfidy and ttry.l); it:a Nhich op-
presses and tyrannixts over them shall
J V. 431 BAL fISTA PARDO, Sec.
" By Order of the Supreme Junta."
INSTRUCTION

FROM THE SUPREME JUNTA OF TH7: COVrIINMENT, T"
CITIR ANY) TOWNS, TO HE EXECUTED WITH Tr.
PROMPTITUDE:
_____

I. In cities and towns consisting of 2000 or more. ‘;der,
Uliift 811:41 be established, s‘ hieh sh,ll sup! •ciel all an.
.:angements, and shall lie obeyed by all th,,, inlialeitants ; rrd is
places of si•tller size, the Ay untaraientos shall hold the place
.:d p. rform the functions of the Juntas.
2. It is ordered, that w ith the concurrence of the av untamien-
.- -, • lergy, Frelates, priests, nobles and other persen.F co as-
s •milied, a Junta of six he formed to. receive orders from the
~uprenneJ unta, and correspond therewith, and in every parti-
•ular act under tiaar authority ; and the inhabitants ard the
roi•regida are required to obey them in their office, and every
• hiug tfiereunto appertaining.
3. it shall be the duty of this Junta to enlist the inhabitants
from the age of 16 to 45, first, such as volunteer titei..• services,
then all the secular inhabitants of the aforesaid age; to
form them in companies, to assign them respectable person- for
captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, with full power tie iminc ser.
icons anti corporals, which they wiil proceed to do with all
possible dispatch,
4. They will instruct the towns of their dis•ricts, at:d even
those of the neigabourins, districts, to submit to the same r
enlistments, aneappointments, and so advise the Jnata
thereof w ithout delay .
K. For the present, each company shall remain in its district,
at the Junta is empowered, it it think fit, to call together the
- companies in the other towns.
6. The Junta will tame a contideTitiai person to adtmnister,
u• der its direction, the funds which must meet the expenses of
the present occasion.
7. 'These tunas shall .be raised by ordots of the Jon t to all
, corporations and rich ineeividuat,, and over soul abuse a sub-
scription shall be opened, that 411 the inhabitants
bute in proportion to their zeal for their Xing and coJutry, and
the urgent necessity of the cause.
8. To these funds shall be added patriotic loar.s of money, to
be afterwards repaid in full ; and it is et isectvd from the
public
spirit of the inhabit:las, that there %\ be no occasion for forced
loans, Or any oth,t proceeding, which, though it might he vio-
lent, n Mild still In...justifiable by the necessity of the case.
9. This Proclamation ( liando ) shall be printed atilt published
tiA this supreme Junta, and shall be placarded and circulated in
ail places.
10. All the Magistrates and Public Functionaries are for the
present confirmed in their respective offices.
Seville, 29th May, 1808.
D. JrAN BAUTISTA ESTELLga)
D. J. B. P4spo, Sec. 2°. Stu. lc.

PROCLAMATION OF PEACE
WITH ENqL.f ND, .INO SN'EDEN• HER itkr. PUELISHEU AT
011E110 ON THE Will or Jvhr., 180 d.
FERDINAND THE SEVENTH, KING OF SPAIN, AND IN
HIS ROTA!. NAME:—
The Supreme Junta of this Principality declares a
peneral
Peace with England, and at the saute time the closest atitaticc
ith that nation, which has with the greatest generosity °Petri
all the succours and assistance that have been asked of her. They
also declare Peace with Sweden, and order that all
ourhat ptilts
orts
,hottld be open to the vessels of both nations,t
Royal !resolution be communicated to all the Justices of this
Principality.

DECLARATION OF WAR
AGAINST TUE EMPEROR or FRANCE, NAPOLEON THE

FIRST.
Ferdinand the Serenth, ding of Spain and the ladies, end
in his name the Supreme Junta of both.
France, under the Government of the Emperor Napoleon the
rirst, bas violated tovvards Spain the most sacred compacts—
