FOURTH DAY.

Thursday, John Smith was put to the bar, and a Jury sworn.
The Clerk of the Court read the indictment, which charged the pri-
soner with thelike four overt acts as charged against the prisoners
yesterday; and a fifth overt act, namely, inciting and inviting others,
'British prisoners like himself, to enter said service.
It was proved that the primer had acknowledged himself, (sentiently,
to have been born at Liverpool, and bred a carpenter there; and it
Was sworn by Joseph Grovea,who had been a shipmate of the prisoner's
on :hoard the Magitienne frigate, that he had frequently heard the
prisoner say, while on board that ship, that he wished theNesselmight
be taken by the enemy and carried into Port Louis, that he himself
might enter the French service, as he had done before; and that when
the Magicienne was rim aground, and burnt by order of her Captain
to prevent her falling into the possession of the enemy, the prisoner,
who left her with the witness in the lunohoat, accompanied by two
French soldiers, swore he would not go on board the French prison-
ship,- but went away with a French corporal, and wituess,never after-
wards saw him. Other weoesses proved that the.prisoner was seen at
large in Port Louis, wearing the military uniform of a French soldier,
working in the French barrack-yard, in making slides for carronades,
and that he acknowledged receiving two dollars per day for his work.
It was also proved that the prisoner said the' British service was no
better than slavery, but that he had always lived like a gentleman
while he was in that of the French.
The prisoner, hi his defence, told a long story, .in which he totally
denied the declarations alleged, and imputed them to the private malice
of the witnesses. tie denied having beenitt the-Frerich military ser-
vice, and said the uniform lie wore was only a 'disguise to enable hint
to get from the barracks into the town, and effect his escape. Hi:
denied baying worked for the French Government at carronade slides,
but only at sawing timber for the roof of a house for the army baker.
Mr. BROUGHAM addressed the Jury at considerable length, and the
ATTORNM;QENER A L replied.
-Sir St sioN Le BNANC. sunimed up for'the Jury, who found the pri-
soner Guilty.
George Armstrong was next tried on a similar indictment.
TheATTORN FY-GENER AL shortly stated-the case to tie Jury, anti
tallied the witnesses in succession, who proved that the prisoner ;rei
frequently acknowledged hinise:f to be an Irishman ; be was a Frio net
of war at the Isle of Prance.
~ Lieut.. Brenton proved, that he saw the prisoner wearing the French
uniform; that he lad mounted guard as such at the prison were him.
srlf and the other British Offioers v. ere confined; that he brought pro,
visions to the French guards, who mounted there, and had marched in
the escort that took himself and several of his brother officers ou hoard
the cartel ship, and there acted as sentinel over them.
.The prisoner made a long defence, denied having ever done duly as
a French soldier ; but said he had worked as a shoemaker.
Two witnesses were.examined on his behalf, who admitted he had
entered the French service, and worn the uniform.
After a speech front Mr. insountsast to the Jury, and &reply from
the ATTORtitY•GXNERAL, the LORD CHIEIIt•BALON summed up
the
evidence, and the 4ury, after retiring a few nlinutei, found the Fr,
*over Guilty. •

T
