MARCH S.

ever Ft ench troops were, that the country should furhtish
them with every thing they wanted. Nay, the Swedish
General was made prisoner of war for having dared to
adVert to the Laws of Nations ; and the Swedish troops
were threatened with the same fate, should any more ob-
iections be raised against the 11 Code Napoleon.'l Thus
has Europe maintained the armies by which it is en-
slaved alia desolated ever since it was found, under the
Directory, that France, deprived of the resources of com-
merce, was not able to maintain her overgrown military
e,tablishment. - This is the leading policy of NAPOLEON,
as it must be that of every power, or of every individual,
who, conscious of :strength, trusts to rapine to repair the
want of industry.
It seems, moreover, that the French had given some
.reason for that friendly visit with an army of twenty
thousand men in a country defended by. hardly four thou-
sand : they wanted to look for &tots of Colonial
produce, which the Governor 11 was sure did not
exit as he had taken great care to prevent the
'inn-Auction of any English goods according to his
instructions,''--Indeed ! Why, what 'a Simpleton that
Governor must be. Did he not know that Holland, and
all the northern maritine ports of Germany, had been in-
vaded, and united to•the French empire under the same
pretence ? That French troops were first introduced into
Spain, then at war with us, under the idea of preventing
the 'smuggling of English commodities ? But under the
influence of the infatuation to which we have alluded, ex-
perience is barren of instruction. 16 Look to the en-
slaved ocean," says BuosArArtre, to the people of the
Continent ; and they gaze with stupid wonder, while he
is stripping them of their lands. Thus, if we would be
allowed the tbfnparison, the comet, which lately made its
appearance on our horizon, proved a mine of wealth to
the discerning pickpockets, who even provided the good
people of this metropolis with telescopes, to bring the
chject nearer to their view, while. they were industriously
removing from • their persons all the valuable terrestrial
goods which Might obtrude the progress of their heavenly
meditations.

To return to the French, they soon dropped the mask,
which indeed appears7to have been a mere matter of eti-
rinette. All pUblic establishments, and all the money
'oelonging to the Swedish Government were seized in Po-
merania ; all vessels in the. harbours were confiscated,
the Swedish flag was replaced by French Eagles, contri-
butions were hid, and in short the inhabitants of Pome-
rania are now completely under the protection of France.
This measure probably forms a part of the plan of Buo-
XAPARTE RgairiSt Russia.

AMERICA.
We received late last night American rapers of the 91-11
Jltimo. The rage for war appears to have considerably
abated. The democrats have long ago exhausted in
Words and ink the only kind of hostilities which, with the
assistance of their friends here, they could possibly carry
against this country. They. now seem satisfied with their
prowess, and determined to remain g, stock still" till the
next election. Mr. GA LLATIN's estimate of the taxes
necessary to carry on. even a. puny war against this country
has contributed not a little.to bring them to a state bor.
dering on reason, for what democrat ever hesitated to
sacrifice his pretended principles for money, tmless he
expected more by maintaining them ? In all this the philo-
sopher MADISON does not exactly know what countenance
to make ;.he is so stoxioui to be re-elected Presidents that

154

rpmele
he is afrXid. Tess any step of his one way or the othetehotild
defeat his purpose.
It is supposed, that till the extraordinary meeting or
Congress, which is talked of rather than expected-for opt
May, he will amuse himself in making a second collection
of butter lie;, to send as A present to NAPOLEON, who so
graciously received those formerly sent by Mr. JEFrintsoNa
who, in consequence, received the Thanks of the Frenik
Institute.

MR. WALSH.
The triash Senate has at last wiped off the stain which
the misconduct of one of it's Members had`-,inflicted upon
its character. It has cut off and rejectedthe nffending
limb ; and however pitiable the case of 'Mrs WALSIIbS fa-
mily certainly is, it is some satisfaction to find; that Moral.
guilt receives no countenance in the respeCtable assembly
of the representatives of the-land, even when sheltered
under an acquittal of all legal criminality. ' -The motion
announced by Mr. BANKES, for the e-ipulsioti of Mr.
WAr,str, took place on Thursday last, *heft a long dis-
cussion ensued on the subject. The expulsion of Mr.
WA LSII was opposed by Sir A. PrCOTT, on the ground. of
his having been virtually acquitted in the eye of the law.
Mr. HERBERT, Mr. ABERCROMBIE, Mr. LA NIBE, and Mi.
WUIITI=READ, spoke on the same side, while the 'ATTORNEY.
G ENER AL, the CIIANCELLOR of the EXCIIEWER, Sir .F.
Brnort-r, and Mr. WYNNE, argued in support of the
motion, that whatever his offence might be in a legal
point of view, the moral turpitude which attached to his
conduct demanded his expulsion.—The motion of expul-
sion was ultimately carried.

SLAVi: TRADE.—There are now lying in the harbour
of Falmouth, where they have been for several Months.
two ships consigned to the care of persons, who, it is un-
derstood, are under the appointment of Consuls to xho
Portuguese. Government, on whose account these shipit
are in charge of the persons alluded to. On board these
ships are a number of slaves from Africa, and among
these slaves two unhappy youths, said to be African
Princes, sent as a present by the Portuguese to ALEXANDER.
Emvperor of Russia ; but at a period of the year, when for
their conveyance to the Baltic, it was deemed necessary
that the ships should lie in an English harbour during.the
winter.—The law of this country on the subject of slaves
and slavery, ,is very well known u the Portuguese. Is it
then unbecoming the feelings of an Englishman to de,
nounce this transaction as an- act of insult and ingratitude
on the part of the Portuguese ; insult, by braving
,the
known laws of the country founded upon the indefeasible
lights of human kind ; ingratitude, in adopting so obnox-
ious a measure at a time'when Britons, the friends of the
human race, are spending their treasure, and spilling their
blood, to shield the Portuguese themselves from the
shackles of slavery.
By letters from the French coast to the 3d instant; we
learn that NAPOL EO N has granted six commercial licenses
to Bourdeatix, to trade with England under certain condi-
tions, and issued thirty-six more for Amsterdam, Hain.
burgh, and ocher Northern ports. It is also stated, that
two French merchants have been appointed to proceed to
this collntry, in order to settle the basis of a reciprocal
trade by license, on the condition that the cargoes of
France should consist chiefly of wine and brandy. The
report of BLIONA'PAILTE having already set out for the
North, and of Nteles having reached Warsaw, is revived.
