THE NATI

V'NAL
_ •
The flotilla of mortar, gun, and rocket boats, tinder the di-
rection of their respective artillery officers, to the full
extent of their power, in the 6011011t3 of this 'day, and performed
:mod service; It was by their tire all the ships in the port (oath
the exception of the (inter frigate) were in flames, which ex-
tended rapidly over the whole arsenal,
store-houses,
and gun-
boats, exhibiting a spectacle of awful grandeur and interest
no pen can describe.
The sloops of war which had been appropriated to aid and
assist the ships of the line, and prepare for their retreat, per-
formed not only that ditty well, but embraced every oppoi tio-
oily of tiring thro' the intervals, and were constantly in motion.
The shells from the bombs were admirably well thrown by
the royal marine artillery ; and though thrown directly across
and over ns, not an accident that I know ofoceurred to any ship.
The whole was conduct ed in perfect idence and such a thing
as a cheer I never heacd io spy part of the line; and that the
guns were well worted antrdireeted, will be seen for many
years to come, and remembered by the hi:lberians for ever.
The conducting this ship to her station by the masters of the
fleet and ship excited the praise of all. The former has been
my companion in aims for more than 20 years.
Having thus detailed, although but imperfectly, the progress
of this short service, I venture to hope, that the humble and
devoted services of myself and the officers and men of every
description I have the honour to command, will Ise received b*
his Royal Highness the Prince Regent with his neetisionieal
grace. The approbation of air services by our Sovereign, anti
the goodopinion of our country, will, I venture to affirm, be
received by us ell with the highest satisfaction.
If I attempted to name to their Lordships the numerons
officers, who, in such a conflict, have been at different periods
more conspienotis than their companions, I should do injustice
to many ; and I ti nat there is no officer in time fleet I have the
honour to command eha will doubt the grateful feelings I shall
ever cherish for their titiborinded and unlimited support. Not
an officer nor man confined his exertions within the precise
limits of their own duty ; all were eager to attempt services
which I found more difficult to restrain than estate; and no
where was this feeling more conspicuous than in my own cap-
tube and those officers immediately about my person. My
gratitude and thanks are due to all under my command, as
well as to Vice-Admiral Capellen, and the officers of the squa-
dron of his Majesty the King of thu Netherlands: and I trust
they will believe that the recollection of their services witl
never cease but with my life. In no instance have I ever sees
more energy and zeal; from the youngest midshipman to the
highest rank, all seemed animated by one soul, and of which
shall with delight bear testimony to their Lordships, whenever
that testimony can be useful.
I have confieed this dispatch to Rear-Admiral Milne, my
second in command, from whom I have received, during the
whole service intrusted to me, the most cordial and honourable
support. He is perfectly informed of every transaction of the
Beet, from the earliest period of my command, and is fully
competent to give their Lordships satisfaction on any points
which I may have overlooked, or have-not time to state. I
trust I have obtained from hint kis esteem and regard, and I
regret I had not sooner been known to him..
The necessary papers, together with the detects at the ships,
and the return of killed and wounded, accompany this dis-
patch; and I ant happy to say Captains Ekins aissleCoode are
doing well, as also the whole of the wounded. ay accounts
from the shore, I understand the enemy's lose tin killed and
wounded, iihetween ti and 7,000. men
In recommending my officers and fleet to their Lordships'
protection and favour, I have the honour to be, Fee.
EXMOUTH.
A GENERAL ABSTRACT OF Tlk EILL'ED AND WOUNDED IN THE
SQUADRON UNDER ADMIRAL LOW EXMOUTH'S COMMAND,
IN TIIE ATTACK OF ALGIEMS, %WE 27Lh AUGUST, 1816.
QUEEN CUARLOTTE, Admiral Lord Exmouth, G.C.8., Captain
James Brisbane, C. 8.-7 seamen, I marine, killed: 14 officers, 82
seamen, 24 marines, 2 M.A., 3 sapps and miners, 4 boys, wounded.
IMPREGNABLE, Rear Admiral Milne, Captain E. Brace, C. 8.-
1 officer, 37 seamen, 10 marines, 2 boys, killed : 2 officers, I 1 1 sea-
men, 91 marines, 9 sappers and miners, 17 boys, wounded.
SUPERB, Charles Ekins-2 officers, 3 seamen, 2 marines, I rocket
tro
killed: 6 officers, felt seamen, 14 marines, 2 M.A. wounded.
lqinriert, William Paterson-3 seamen, 2 marines, killed: 2 offi-
cers, 26 seamen, 9 marines, wounded.
ALBION, John Coale-2 officers, 1 seaman, killed: 2 officers, 10
seamen, 3 marines, wounded.
LEANDER. F. Chelhain, C. 8.-5 officers, 11 seamen, 1 mane',
Weill 8 officers, 69 searorn,2S marines, 4 boy's, 12 sapern., LLOWNIed.
SEVERN, lion. T. W. Aylmer—. 2 seamen, 1 marine, killed: 5 WE-
cer9. 25 seamen, 3 marines, t boy, wounded.
Gxeseow, Hon. A. Maitland-9 smarten, I marine, killed: 8 offi-
cers, 25 seamen, 3 matins, I boy, wounded.
asneus, W. F. Wise-3 officers, 9 seamen, I marine, I marine
artillery, 2 boys, killed: 3 officers, 31 seamen, 3 marines, 2 toilet
troep. I boy, wounded.
HEBRUS, E. Palmer, C. 8.-1 officer, 3 seamen, killed- I officer,
10 seamen, 1 marine, 2 rocket troop, 1 boy, wounded.
HE now, George Bentham—None killed or wounded.
MUTINE. James Mould—None killed or wounded.
PROMETIIEUC, W. B. Dashwood—None killed or wounded.
CORDELIA, W. Sargent—None killed or wounded.
BRITO3IART. It. Riddell—..None killed or wounded.
BELZEBUU, W. Kempthorne—None killed or wounded.
INFERNAL, Hon. G. J. Perceval—i officer, 1 seaman killed: 6 offi-
cers. 8 seamen, 1 marine artillery, 2 boys, wounded.
IIECLA, W. Popham—None killed or wounded.
Funs'. C. R; aloorsom—None killed or wounded.
Total. 15 officers, 88 seamen, 19 marines, I marine artillery, 1 rocket
troop, 4, boys, killed: 59 officers, 459, seamen, 106 ix:or:nes, 5 marine
a:nil/cry, 14 sappers and miners, 4 rucket troop, 31 boys, 12 superna-
merarim wounded.
Total killed and wounded. 198 killed, n9O wounded.
DUTCH SQU.I &IRON.
MELAMrt-A, Vice-Admiral Baron Van Capellen, Capt. De Mair--
3 killed, 13 wounded.
FREDEnicA, Captain Vander Straren—s wounded.
DMIARAAD. Captain Polders-4 wounded.
DIANA. Captain Zieryogel--6 22 wounded.
AMSTEE, Captain Vander Hart-1 killed. 6 wounded.
E2wnnacirr. Captain Wanienburgh—None killed or wounded.
Total, 13 killed, 52 wounded. Grand total, 883.
FLOTILLA, consisting of 3 gun-boats, to mortar-boats, launches,
8 rocket-boats, flats, 32 gun-boats, barges, and yowli. Total, 33.
The whole commanded by Captain V. T. Michell. aiteined by lieu-
tenant John Davies, of the Queen Charlotte, end Lieutenant Thomas
Revalue Flag Lieutenant to Rear-Admiral Milne. EXMOUTH.
A RETURN GP THE OFFICERS KILLED AND 'WOUNDED IN THE
SQUADRON UNDER ADM' RAL.IFORD EXMOUTH S COMMAND, IN
THE ATTACK OF ALGIERS, AUGUST 27, 1816.

REGISTER.

QUEEN CHARLOTTE—W(I%IIMM VrelkifriCk J. Johnston, lieute-
nant, dangerously • Gworge M. King, lieutenant, slightly ; .1. S.
Jago, litutenant, bfightly4 Mt. Josh. Grinie,..s.xretary to Con.raantler
in Chief, slightly; Mr. Maxwell, boatswain, slightly ; Mr. •George
Markham, mitlehipm2n, severaly; Mr. Henry Campbell, midship-
man, severely; Mr. Edryant Ifibbert„ midshipman, lg.:rarely ; Mr.
Edwar.t st.‘• 1.)•. in:4l:.!iipman, slightly; Mr. It. midship-
man, slightly: Mr. S.mittel Colston. scttetary's elm*, slightly ; Cap-
tain F. Burton, Hoyal Marine Artillery, itevcrely; Lieut. Bohm-
Hoyal Marines;

Woune -

IxrarcwAnte—Killed : Mr. J.
ed: Mr. G. N. Wesley, mute, contusion ; Mr. Henry 4uinn, eontusior.
SurEnn—Killed: Mr. Thomas Howard, mate; Mr. Robert C.
Bowen, midshipman. %Vounderl : Charles Ekins. Esq. captain.
slightly ; Philip T. Home, first lieutenant, tevereely ; John M•Dou-
gal. lieutenant, s:orhtly; Georgs W. Gunning, twung-lieutemuit, fit!,
verely ; Mr. Williant Sweeting, midshipman, sevetely ; Mr. John 11.
Wolsely, midshipman, tii3htLY.
MiNnEir—Wounded : Er. Charles C. Dent, mate, slightly; Mr.
Charles G. Gruh, midshipman, slightly.
A LIS tos—Killed t Mr. Mends, asostant-surveyor ; Mr. Jardine,
midshipman. Wounded: John oode, Esq. eeptain, severely ; Mr.
Harvey, midshipman. PeVUZIY.
SE VER N—Nbounded : Mr. James Foster, midshipman, arm umpu-
tate(' ; Mr. Charles Caley, roldshivnan, contused fot ; Mr. William
Ferror, midshipman, wounded laud .nd contusion ; Mr. David.
Beattie. midshipman, contusion ; Mr. W. A. Cadet., micieipman,
wounded knee.

LEANDERKiIIe4 Captain Wibun. royal =lines ; Lieut. Bax-
ter, royal marlins ; Mr. Lowdon, Midshipman ; Mr. Calthorpe. mid-
shipman; Mr. Harwell. midshipman. Wour.ded : Henry Walker,
lieutenant, slightly ; J. S. Dixon, lieutenant, slightly ; Mr. ArlUr.g-
ton, midshipman, severely; Mr. Cole. midshipman, severely : Mt.
Mayne, midshipman, severely; Mr. Start. midshipman, severely;
Mr. Pit :cu. clerk, slightly; Afr. Dixon, midshipman. slightly.
GLASoo,.—WOUlltled: P. Gilbert, lieutenant, contusion of cT.est
Mr. Robert Fulton, master, conturion of fare and knee; A. Stellterr„
lieutenant Royal Marines, leg; Mr. Duffdl, midshipman, sevatly;
Mr. Harvey, midshipman, severely; Mi. Baird, midshipman, se.
verily; Mr. Headicote, midshipman, left foot; Mr. Keay, milship-
man. severely.
GRANICUS—KiIIed : William M. Morgan, lieutenant Royal Ma-
rines; William Renfrey, lieutenant Hord Matinee; Mr. RoLert
Pratt, midshipman. Wounded : H. A. Perkins, lieutenant. ;
Mr. L. Mitchell, midshipman, severely ; Mr. 1.. T. Jones. maish.p-
man. slightly; Mr. G. R. Glennie, midshipman, dangerously; Mr.
Dacres F. Wise. midshipman, slightly.
Hritnos—Killed : Mr.. G. H. A. Pococke. midshipman. Wound
ed : Mr. A. S. Byrnes, midshipman, lower jaw.
IstrEnwat —Killed : G. J. Bissett. lieutenant Royal Mari 7...
Artillery. Wounded: John Foreman, lieutenant. slightly; Mr. G
Valentine, boatswain. slightly ; Mr. Morgan Hopkins, clerk, severely
Mr. James Barber, midshipman, severely; Mr. James M. Cross, nu.:•
shimnan, slightly; Mr..L H. Andrewa, midshipman, slightly.
(thignad) EXMOUTH.

MEMORANDUM OF THE DESTRUCTION IN THE MOLL OF AL-
GIERS, IN THE ATTACt OF THE 27TH AUGUST, 1816.
4Ap frigates, of 46 guns ; 5 large corvettes, from 24 tO 30; all
the am& awes boats, except 7; 30 destroyed ; several merchant
Zoosea isheilies t a !peat number of small vessels of various de-
I ell the peateock lighters. &c ; store-houses and arsenal,
ea the *RIM ash mini swum articles, destroyed in part ; a
steet_tomy iporcanialies, moorias-beds, casks, and skips stows of .41
ENIOUTH.

Queen Charlotte, Algiers Bay, Aug. 18, BIC.
Sir,—For your atrocities at Bona on defenceless Christians.
and your un dist egard to the demands I made yeste.
day, in the maws ot Prince Regent of England, the fleet
der my (pruning given you a signal chastisement, by the t0t..1
destruction of your navy, storehouses and arsenal, with half
your batteries.
As England does not war for the destruction of cities, I am
nnwilliag to visit your personal cruelties upon the inoffensive.
inhabitants of At country, and I therefore offer you the some
terms of peace which I conveyed to you yesterday in my Sove-
reign's name : without the acceptance of these taloa you can
have no peace with England.
If you receive this offer as yon ought, you will tire throe
guns; and I shalleoosider your not noshiag this signal as a re—
fusal, and shall renew my opeeations convenience.
I offer you the above terms, provided neither the British.
Consul, nor the °threes and men so wickedly seized by you
from the boats of a British ship of war, have met with any
cruel treatment, or any of the Christian slaves in your power ; ;
and I repeat my deusaiiil, that the Consul, and officers and meu
may be sent ofto tea, coaforniable to auciefit treaties.
I have, &e. EXMOUTH.
To his Ifighness. the Dey of Algiers.
Queen Charlotte, Algiers Bay, Aug. 30, 1816.
GENERAL MEMORANDUM.

--
The Commander in Chief is happy to intone the fleet of tht
final termination of their strenuous exertions, by the signatiiit
of peace, confirmed under a salute of twenty-one gnus, no !!.f•
following conditions, dictated by his Royal Highness the Pi
Regent of England :-
1. l'heaholition,for ever, o(Christian slavery.
11. The delivery, to txy Hag, of all slaves an the dominions of the
Dey, to whatever nation they may belong, at noon to-murruw.
111. To deliver also, to my flag, all money received by him for the
redemption of slaves since the commencement of this year, at noon also
to-morrow.

IV. Reparation has been made to the British Consul for an losses he
may have sustained in consequence of his coelinentent.
V. 'Mc Dey has made a public apology, in proems of his Ministers
and Officers, and begged pardon 01 the Consul, in terms dictated by
the Captain of the Queen Charlotte.
The Commander in Chief takes this opportunity of again re-
turning his public thanks to the ailinirak captains, officers.
seamen, marines, royal marine artillery. royal sappers and
miners, and the royal rocket corps, fur the noble. support he
has received from them throughout the whole of this arduous
service ; and he is pleased indirect, that ors Sunday next a pub-
lic thanksgiving be offered up to Almighty God for .the signal
interposition of His Divine Providence, during tke condi(
winch took place on the 27th between 1111: lajesty's Elect and
the feroe,otei enemies of mankind.

It is requested dud this
ship's companies.

may be read to the

To the Admirals, ,Captains, weer% Serdnen, Marines, Royal
Sappers and Miners, Roy,l M:trMe Attillery, ar.d me
Ito)id Racket Corps.

Queen C-Arlotte, Algiers Ray„Sert. I, 11416.•
Sir,—l have the honour to acquaint )oe, tin their I.4lldships'
.information, that I have sent Capt. Ilriqbane with my duplicate
dispatches, aa I am afraid that Admiral Milne, Millie Leander,
who has charge of the originals, may experiencea•Long voy•atsr.
the wind having set itt to the west a taw hooks after he sailed.
• Capt. •Brisbane. to whom I fi•el greatly indebted for his r\_
ertioas, and the able assistance I have received from him
throughout the whole of this r • rvice, will be able to Whom
their Losdships upon. painta.that I may have omitted.
Admiral Sir C. Pen •ni rises too late to take•lii share in
•I.
the attack -upon Algier , which I lament, as much our his ac-
count as tat own; his seavices would have been desirable is
every respect.
I have the satisfaction to state, that all the slaves in the city
of Algiers, and immediately in its i ielnity, are embarked: at
also ;i57,000 dollars fer Naples, and 25' siiii for Sardinia. Ti e
treaties will lie, t,igned to-inurrow, arild 1 hive I. be .able to
sail in a day or two.
The Mind en has sailed fir. Gibraltar to be refitted, and w ill
proceed from thence to her' ultimate destination.
The Albion will be real:tit at Gibraltai• for the reception of
Sir C. Penroic's Rag. The Glasgow I shall be 411)10'd 15... Mai;
home with me. 1 have the honour, &e.
Te leal Wilton Creker, Esq. &e. Avltairalty. EXMOUTH._

MEETING AT WLSTMINS2TR.

--+-

PUDET lISC OPPROBRIA Writ!!
F.T DWI POTVIStr, ST NUN POTUIdSI;

Ft' ERY friend to the best interests of the country
nrist foment the language hell at the meeting in Palace
Yard on Wednesday last. Much of it might have been
eaticipateal, at least the principal topics selected by the
e.peakers, but we Will venture to say none of err readers
c .old have anticipated the extreme lengths towhich those
indainmatory speeches led ; we doubt, indeed, if the Ora-
tees themselves had calculated the extensive mischief
which they were likely to produce at this season of ge-
nie-al distress and peculiar irritability.
If ever the adage was applicable, that the truth is
feu to be spoken at all times," it is strikingly so at this
moment—though we are by no means •insensible to the
evils arising front the enormous load of our national bur-
diens, its debt, and the taxation absolutely necessary to
defray the interest upon it ; though we are alive to all
the mischief of large sinecures, and to the injustice of one
intin's fattening on the labours of his indigent neighbour;
though we lament the existence of the evil, and heartily
wish for its possible removel—what good, what pn.ctical
good, we ask, can result from the agitation at the present
ounuent of such dangerous topics, addressed to an audi-
ence so little previously prepareel to dispassionately con-
sider them ? If it be universally admitted by the best
and wisest men, that the greatest delicacy and difficulty
exists in treating thde subjects—that they arc, in a great
measure, mixed with questions of vital importance, viz.
on those of property, than which nothing can or ought
to be held more sacred—that though we are desirous of
weediag out the tares, we are anxious not to pull up the
wheat along with them, surely the exaggerated statement
of grievances made on the late occasion—the highly-co-
loured and over-wrought exhibition of sinecure places
:Ad emoluments held by individuals, with a graduated
aside, either seriously or ludicrously calculated, of the
taxes they pay to Government, compared with the
incomes they enjoy, can answer no other purpose than to
generate disaffection, and bring the Government of the
country into contend abhorrence : there is, besides,
u, injustice charging on the subsisting Go-
vernment, or on the Legislature, the evils resulting from
these overgrawn incomes; Since these incomes have not
been created by the one or the other ; many of them are
evils of long standing, arising from a different state of
things to any now existing—many of them saddled on
us by our ancestors, incorporated in some instances with
questions on property acknowledged by our present rulers
to be grievances, and even corrected as such ; for are•we
to be told, or are those most forward in urging these
griernees to be informed, that the Legislature has put a
saip to IteversiOnary Grants, that the great profits of the
Tellers of the Exchequer and other per centage holders
of public money, have been greatly reformed and cur-
tailed, and reduced to moderate profits ?—and that, if
the Marquis Camden, a name on every occasion now
valgarly brought forward ; but let it be recollected, if
there is any merit in hereditary worth, Magnum rt
me-
caorabile yeomen gentibus, d mittens nostra quod pro-
drrat urbi, of that noble Lord, still holds a great sine-
care ; it is from the inviolate respect always attaching in
this country to whatever bears the semblance of property
end 'vested interests ; and that in future no such evil can
esist, the great profit, of the place alluded to having
been abolished by act of Parliament. When these and
other matters of a like nature arc dispassionately consi-
Acred, with what justice can the present House of Cum-
rums be accused as the parent of these reprobated sine-
cures ? on the contrary, whatever may be the deficiency
in our representation—whatever the fault or corruption
of the present system of Government, on the ques-
tion of immoderate rewards for inadequate services, the
Legislature has marked its sense in the strongest man-
sea., by abolishing in future the excessive income, com-
plainest of :—Why, then, is this inflammatory topic urged
and re-urged, but to catch the fivor of the popalace ?-
1 his appeal to the people is no new artifice, it is at least
as old as the Roman Government ; when every thing
else failed. the last resource was, • Provoco ad populum;
rut let us hope that the mass and population of the
coontq, with the good sense that belongs to it, will
view the sinecures presented to them with a just and
discriminating eye, not falsely att 'Outing, as a demerit
of the present Government, wh as been transmitted
to it us a burthcn and debt by fon:fithers, and which
cur present rulers arc in fact tai anxious to get rid of as
the Orators of Palace Yard,- or their most strenuous ad-
herents ;—let this only be understood, and the factious
topics of Wednesday last will be rightly judged and duly
appreciated; v: hat was false and futile in the -arguments
adduced will full to the ground.
'Felten iiiihene sine iota. '

What was true and unanswerable will make its way even
to the-Seat or Government, in despite of the unpalata-
tie nature of the subject, or the homely and inelegant
im.an in which it ittia scrvcd Aar. DarLtioß.

THE
_NATIONAL IttGISTIIII

LITERA'FURt:.

URQUHUtT ON IMI'RE,'O33IENT.

WE have been much pleased with Mr. Urquhart's
very patriotic ethision on the subject of Impressment,
and we cannot but conclude that any -object con-
nected with the prosperity of our Navy must of necessity
be interesting to an Englishman ; yet the opinion of
many is, that it should be considered only as matter
of triumph, and not of' inquiry. They seem to think
that we have a full rOtt to bow.t in the power, and
success, and glory of the navy, but. that we should
be careful how the examine minutely its compo-
nent parts ; they strm to be aware that this power, suc-
cess, and glory, conec.:: by their lustre some latent evil
which they would nit have discovered.
While our navy is .riumphant and unrivalled, ingniry
is thought frivolous and ritliculo•:s but should some
event, perhaps a:-,t lung distant, convince us that though
unrivalled at present, yet we may be equalled ; that
though now triumphant, we are not invincible—then,
(and we fear not till then), shallwe inquire whether the
navy does not contain some defects that may be remedied,
some abuses that may he corrected. Among the most
prominent of these will be found an exceeding severity
of discipline, and chiefly, impressment. TLe flamer we
know has, during the late war, much abated, but it still
exists, to deter seamen front volunteering, and to cause
their desertion. Of this evil almost every discharged
seaman complains. We admit, that their dissatisfaction
has not becu expressed in quite so formidable a way as it
ought to have been. At the end of the Ametiosa war it
is well known that a naval captain, appearing in Lon-
don in his uniform, did it ut the risk of his life, which
was absolutely endangered by the attacks of discharged
seamen and their friends, who were indiscriminately
bent upon doing mischief to every officer they could meet
with: Impressment, however, is an evil of even a more
glaring character. Itisby no means an unfrequent case for a
seaman, on demanding payment of some just debt, to find
himselthalfan hour afterwards on board thc tender. This we
mentioned as being a notorious filet, though Mr. Ur-
quhart has not noticed it. Of this gentleman's work, we
say that it meets with our unqualified approbation ; he
states what appears to us a practicable plan, in a plain,
seaman-like way, though sometimes the fervour of his
feeling,s has made him eloquent, as in the following pas-
sage addressed to Mr. Wilberforce:—

" The subject I have taken up, aad in aid of which I require
the support of your talents and reputation, needs so impas-
sioned delineation—no exaggerated colouring. It oak re-
quires to be faithfully represented, and brought before Pudic
moat aura the public, by a man whose character is free from
the suspicion of fatuous motives, and whose parliamentary
conduct is regulated by his conscience and a sense of the ge-
neral good ; in that case I pled"- myself that the evil which is
the subject of th:s appeal will be soon redressed. Every ma.
five allied with human suffering, every sentiment associated
with a sense of signal silts ices, every inducement coupled
with policy, and, in a word, the, preservation of our present
high bale, prosperity, and rights as a nation, imperiously call
for the enquiry and redress I here solicit on behalf of that
much neglected and harshly treated class of men of my pro-
fession. It will no doubt hereafter exercise the ingenuity of
the moralist and of the political enquirer, why the most en-
lightened country upon earth, famed for its laws, and its re-
spect ts, I the rights of its meanest subject, calling at the very
time upon the nations of the earth to assist it in the cause of
humanity, and in the extinction of slavery, should have tolerated
the viol( lire and injust.tte which ronstitnte the subject of the
present letter. 'the solution of this problem will he more dif-
licult hereafter, ashen the period when those acts of oppres-
sion were permitted, and the class of men who were the vie-
Aims of it shall be considered ; the period the most glorious in
our sun ils—the men the first founders and the Imsavest sup.
porters of this vast amid towering edifice of national glory. Yes,
it was at such a period, that the gallant and constitutional de-
fenders of our national independence were exposed, without
protection and without mesey, to be dragged by fellows—the
out-casts of human nature—from their wives, their children
and friends on hoard a receiving ship, and confined under locks
and boits,as felons, excluded from intercourse with their friends,
subjected against their will to the rigour of martial law, and li-
able to be sent to a foreign station for an undefined period.

Mr. Urquhart proceeds to illustrate his subject by the
relation of a circumstance whirl► he has not selected,
because it is peculiarly dreadful, or because it displays
a wantonness of brutality unusually aggravated, but
only because it %ems oue he could more readily substan-
tiate.

"'l'o give you some idea of the impress, T shall mention a
circumstance which occurred to myself. U bile walking in a
street in the east of London in the year 1803, in the month of
July, about nine o'clock in the evening, with my wife bolding
by 01le of my arms and her sister by the other, was stopped
by a man wino demanded who I was : on what I desired to be
informed on what authority he dared to ask me that question.
1 bad hardly tittered the words when I was brutally seized by
him and three mole. My wife received a violent blow on the
breast which compelled her to quit her hold,- and was
struck with such force, that symptoms of a cancer appeared
in x short time afterwards ; those symptoms continued several
months, and only the first medical attention could have pre-
vented the consegnenets that were apprehended. The ruffians
struck me on the head, tore my coat Er my back, and alto-
wards dragged me by the neck for 40 yards, until life was al-
most exhitusteil. At this critical moment, some people, who
had collected from curiosity, fortunately happened to recog-
nize me, interfered, and probably by this means saved my
life."

This circumstance is sufficient, we think, to review
the necessity of inquiry. it may be proper to add that on
application to Lieutenant Crawford, the names of these
men were refused; and that Lord Howiek, after insti-
tuting an enquiry, declared it to be cut of his power to

SEPTEMBER Id.

punish man, hut that Government would not protect
him against the face of the civil law. We perfectly agree
with the author, that " it was the bounden duty of hi::
lordship to have discharged this man from the fervice,
and to have &pub] ie:y expressed the most marked disap-
probation of the conduct of the officers under whom he
acted." The civil law, however, appears to have had no
fhrce, far after a great expellee both of tune and money,
a venliet of fifty pounds was obtained vtinst u man not
worth a Earthiug.

DRAM.IT'IC REGISTER.

DRURY LANE.

In the play of Lovers Von's, on Saturday evening,
Mrs. Kmottr, from York, and Mr. IlEscouou, from the
Bristol theatre, were introduced to a London audience,
Mrs. KNIGHT has a good perscn; and her oval face i 3
handsome, intelligent, and expressive : her voice is per.
feetly audible and distinct; and if her elocution be not very
highly finished, it it at the Fume time not absolutely har7'i
or incorrect. Altoi:;ether she was well re:-.2i7ed ; and her
eviaeLt knowledge of the art, together with her more
than common tattural advantages, will, we d: übt nod,
enable her to apply her powers successfUlly to tl e field
on which she has heneeforth to exhibit them. Of Mr.
13ENoonou we can speak in terms of warm approbation.
I lis Baron Wildenheim was not only a correct perfirmanoe
but a more forcible and interesting portrait than any that
we have for a long time beheld of the same persom+ge.—
He plays with great feeling: he manages skilfully a fine
voice : he moves with the perfect ease of a gentleman,
and his a'•tion displays both variety and rigour. Hie
figure is tall and manly ; his countenance, we thinl ,
more comely than marked : but he scents to Le filmilitic
with his profession; and if he has formed a permancht
engagement at Drury-lane, we are inclined to consider
him as no mean acquisition to the company.
