516

TIM N tTIONAL_REGISTER..

On the Ittli of Angti.t Csi m ral Vege-ark attacked (2,040 of the
eticitly at Trogstail, and took trin prisoners. Colonel Aillerei visit
l'oreed the enemy to alvisoion the i.land of Roton, and retire
he yon the Gloomily. Admiral Wirasecn ha• taken the tortreas
Sle•vrig, %%bele the enemy left fourteen lit-putioders. This ad-
vantage opens to us the road to Moss.

CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN ritTVCE CITRY;TIAN FREDERICK
AN!) TUE CROWN PRINCE OE SWF.DEF.

Sir and Cnosin.—Tt is to an adversary, whose esteem and con&
denim. I shnold bi• happy to gain, that 1 now adire%' myself. I an-
nex herewith a eupy of my letter to 16 Majesty the King, of Swe-
-4411 ; it bears the impression of my sentiments, and states the per-
snoal sacrifl.4, which I sii.4ll be ready to make, in order to secure
peace to the Nltrth. The Norwegian nation will decide, whether
it will prefer war against the united forces of Europe, to the fate
proposed to it ; I shall faithfully represent to it the chances which
await it.
You may cower Norway, but yon will reign over subjects the
enemies of their oppressors ; by methods of mildness and Immanity,
accompanied with the regard clue to public opinion, you might hope
to secure the repose and happiness of the Scandinavian nations. Make
your electi,o, my Prince, and doubt not that you will ever find time
in the path Of duty, at the head of a veople who deanded their inde-
pendence, or a sincere mediator, whoa proper attention is paid to
their rights and their happiness.
I subscribe myself, Sir and Cousin,CH your very affectiDonate
R ISTIA N FRE ERICK.

Chrioiania, July 15, 1814.
To hia R. 11. the Crown Prince of Sw eden.

ANSWER.
Sir and Conlin,—l hasten to reply to your letter of the 13th,
which was only delivered to me this day, and to which is annexed a
copy of that which you have written to his 'Majesty the King my '
Sovereign.
The Norwegian nation, seduced by a Danish Prince who should
Inte c averted from them the calamities of a disastrous war, may
still remain blinded for a time ; but, faithful and frank, they will
soon acknowledge their ditties towards their legitimate Sovereign,
and will know how to punish those who have led them astray. The
King my Sovereign is ready to grant that virtuous people even
more than they can reasonably demand ; that it is with the Norwe
glans alone that his Majesty will treat, and not with illegitimate all
thorities, whom he neither can nor ought to acknowledge, and who
have an interest diametrically opposite to the prosperity and &or%
of Norway. As a Danish Prince, you ought- to know the duties
thereto attached : as a faithful and loyal subject, it became von to
obey the Sovereign who had placed you at the hem) of the Norwe
gi.m government, and not take advantage of that authority to intro-
(lure. civil war into the North. I never intended to unite Norway
by force of ;ems : I aspired after a milder eenquest. The nations
w hone the events of war have subjected to my administration do
pistiee to the pi ineiples which have directed my government ; d
that public opinion of which you speak, and which will govern the
world, kis already prop mere against vou.
The repose and tranquillity of the Scandinavian people are my
only ohjuct ; and I am Prince, at the expellee or 0-y blood,
to secure their happiness, their iudepentleure, mid their liberty.
A man !mikes no t:ictifices when he resigns an u,sirpuil authority ;
nor is he in the path of duty when he sets at noiu&it the sanctity of
treaties. and the social laws which form their basis.
l's lore, I go to exec:lto the orders of my iiinU ; and I shall never
ecipte repeating to the Swedes, that they toodit to stretch out their
arms to the good Norwegians, and never confound them with the
rebels and foreigners whom they march to combat.
lam, Sir and Cousin, your affertionase,
CHARLES JOHN.

Hiead•quarters at Gottenbargh, July '2O, 1814.

ANSWER TO MR. MORIER'S DECLARATION.

tindersigned Secretary of Suite to IllA ie'ty has had the
Lonour to receive the let ter :etit %voter cover to him, _nil although
you are not willing to accept any official anQwer from a Government
%clone authority nod legality yon do not aehnowledgc, von %vitt 1 ••r.
mit me, in reply to the said letter, to communicate m7)4t I ki10%% hi
Majesty my most gracious Sovereign wishes you, as the luvoy of

ALTG. 28.

his Royet 'licitness the Prince Regent, particularly to notice' in
.indging of the rendnet Of the Norwegian people and his Majesty to-
watds Great lititain.
The Norwegian nation' ha, always regarded England as its bat
friend and neutral ally. In the Treaty between Sweden and ling-
land, land, respecting the Mille/014111 of Norway, the Engbell Government
f
exhibited a regard or the Itherty and happiness of the Norwegieee,
which wan siticerely estimated, anti served to encourage a hope, thatt
England wrth' never lose sight of what this liberty and happiness
consisted of, tepee ally a% the Ministers had exptessly declared, that
they had not guaranteed Norway to Sweden ; that is to say, they bad
not guaranteed the loss of that country's freedom and happiness. It
was couseqaeutly to be hoped, and the Norwegian people did hopes
that Great Britain wotild have proved a friend and protector, oho
isr securing to the Not wegians the possessiou of this benefit, would
first examine into what it consisted of; and if it could be accom-
plished by their be;rig subjected to a state. whose goiernment hat
ill-treated the Norwegietes, by, evcm in a time of peace, establishing
a most oppressive mill disgracelel system of starving a whole na,ion,
and which has served to inerease that 'rational hatred which, as is
well known, exists between both neighbours. After such treatment,
it is scarcely necessary to produce any other evidence to contrietiet
the essertioe of the Crown Prince of Sweden, that the Nor%egi:,o,
wished nothing snore than to be united with Sweden under his be-
nevolent Euidanee. Toth son and your Government will feel it in-
cumbent to examine into these troths, for the purpose of laying the
tonntlatimi for a sit titig mediation between Norway and Sweare
the most honourable office a great State can midertake, when it is
iotinenced by principles founded upon the rights of nations, and a
goierous
The proeeedings of the Diet, and the universal senthnent of the
peple, will prove to you that a subjection to Sweden, midi as i 4
contemplated in the Treaty Of Kiel, was totally iiieotnpatible with
the happiness and liberty of the Norwegians ; and every Euelishman,
every one that leek warmly in favour of freedom and iv,tional
worth, will nut be serprized that a nation, who never acknowledged
itselt to be a province of Denmark, bet as a stiparatr dY. rely
united kingdom, shonld refuse to allow itself to he given elm. at
moveable property or any ether transferable thing : toe Sp.ouisit
tirm would not submit to this declaration. aetl was slippy, ted by
En:lattd in her glorious opposition to the etiorts of tyranny.
The national feeling, though noble, would. without a director,
have produced anarchy and contusion. as no Norwegian would have
submitted without resist:tore to the entrance of the Swedish welts
into the country. It was this consideration that induced the then
Stadtholder, Prince Christian of Denmark, to take upon hint the
management of the state, and, as Regent, to watch over the internal
nanenillity and exter:ial safety of the kiugdom. He arkuoulrdavd
that the rights of the people were given bark to them by the Kill
of Denmark, having discharged them from their oath of alleeianee,
I and assembled a Diet, that the representatives of the people might
themselves adopt a toitiraial constitution. how these repre-enta-
fives appt eciated his Uliehness's kindness towards the people, may
be jmlged of by the address presented to him on tile l ith of Aril,
and, in fact, no Norweujao could possibly mistake his great sacri-
ficer; for the state. It will he easy for you to convince
.vourseit ef.
the liberty that reiceed in the deliberatiens of the Diet ; and evi-
dent nwlks of it appears in the adopted Censtintlion, which is uot
dic ti;tetl by an ambitious Prince, but tortned by men ti my tirsirclet
of promotin:,- the welfare of their country The majority of these
melt (as is proved by the arts Or Die's') saw the necessity, ltir
the completifin of the Consttint ion, that the election of a Klee should
immediately take plaice : and si;liated as the Regent was, at the bead
of a determined people. (idly resolved ten risk all in the detente of
their independence anti Constitution. he had eta WIWI' choice than
ituntilliateiy to accept the CrOA n presented to him by the love and
con!idemie of the retie
The King has sworn to anveen the kingdom of Norway aosecablY
to the Con•titotion: :old the Diet, at the same time presont d ;1113
wridi alt ad,:ress, all or ‘rhieli is communicated to von, ,inti vtlicre
to
the nation otters the e WI that peace be niaiiitained a. d sum
molly beneficial convections be formed w.ill Swedee ; atid espi
corktence, tUai the powerful States elm lately w isle •0 mu"
rtiou and sot cess have fought for the to storation of react' and
mu-
(oddity to Europe would not consent to the suojoeatioe of a pent e
['Ave given otteure to Wile, at :t1 mho duntal.4l tright• get he
nations ought to secure to them—liberty and f,cace ; at ihe
same addtrig its litielmination, iu (eye thee sitoold he di vP-
pollard, to prefer the sacrifice of their d -aiest interest=, and c‘.ll
death itself to slavery.
lii. MrlieetV. at the request of the Diet, trensteitted this de•
elaratioa '
to the diaiercht Courts) and of course tve that of Great
