Cur Sing, Constitution, ann tato.

NO. "3-

POLL FICA I, DIS.IUISITION.

T;TE SLAVE TRADE AND SPANISH INQUISITION.

There are some facts so derogatory to the dignity of his-
tory, and which the justice of mankind has so properly re-
probated, that it is almost like a participation in ,the system
of witieh cruelty and oppression are the elementary compo-
nents, to speak or breathe of them. But, since it has pleased
Providence to veil the objects of the past and the future from
our view, we can do little more than make up our judg-
ment from what we see and know of the effects which certain
principles have produced upon the happiness and liberty of
the world; unless, indeed, liberty and happiness are negative

of moral responsibility—th-e mere inventions of schoolmen ;
the metaphysical ; veries of those sacred mystics, who would
induce us to believe this nature of ours organized for more
wise and beneficent purposes than the savage destruction of
one another. This reasoning is, however, too hypothetical
for the received notions of mank;nd, will are content to call
things by proper names, and to e,teetn or reject them as
favoutalde or inimical to the happiness of one another.
Bence if the most ignorant were asked to define slavery,
they would annex to it all that was most odious to the in•
dependence and freedom of Euglish.nen ; they would not
sand still, and ask for a refined definition of subtle dis-
tinctions between black and white, of views of policy or mo-
tives of interest; they would brand the cause on the ques-

tion being put, with the sympathy and indignation of a brave
people. Where then all men are agreed upon a position, it is
the office of casuistry only to find fault, and whether it be the
cause of the poor African or of the Russian self, emancipa-
tion has !he same materials to work upon for tale benefit of
mankind. Bo t who will say that we should not coalesce with

Russia because sloe continues to traffic in exchanges of this na-

ture, or should dictate to France because we have contributed
to restore her to her rank amongst the nations of Europe ?
The French Government may agree as cordially with us, as
the Chronicle seems to insinuate, but it is placed in different
circumstances altorzether. Great Britain abounds with 'ex-
perimentalists of great property, and all that she wills she is
enabled to execute. France has no resource of cultivation or
improvement but what she may derive from the purchase of
negroes. ft is therefore no boon to give her up islands
which we refuse her the means of cultivating, or expect that
Va. VAL No. CC:CA-A:Xt....

PUBLISHED AT NO. 117 NEWCASTLE-STREET) STRAND.

SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1814.

PRICE 9d

she will find amongst her own population, individuals so
duerly inoculated with the rirus of modern philanthropy,
as to undergo the fatigues and dangers of a vertical sun to
realize the theories and mistaken notions of these missionaries
