N.). 2P6.

The die is cast and hostilitiOs have been resumed in the
North of the Continent. On the oese hand French, Italians,
Dutch, Swiss, Saxons, Poles, Danes, and Bavarians, united,
or lather assembled under one leader, threaten Europe with
universal slavery ; on the other, ' the Sovereigns of Russia,
Austria, Prussia, and Sweden, awake at last to a sense of
common danger, and supported by the patriotic zeal of their
subjects, collect all the resources of their vast empires to re-
sist the insulting claims of inordinate ambition. England,
secure herself from danger, encourages her Allies in the
glorious struggle; for them she lavishes her treasures ; for
them her gallant sons shed their blood; she points out to
the nations of the North one victim already liberated from
the grasp of tyranny by her persevering efforts, and her
WELLIRGTON proudly overlooking from the Pyrennees the
fertile valleys of France.

Such is the awful, the unparal!eled situation of Europe.
divided from one extremity to the other in • two parties
pretty equally balanced, and twelve" hundred Ihouttni men
are in arms on hoth.sides to decide,the great question of in-
dependence, or unlimited submission to the will of one man.

In the ordinary calculations of events, it might have been
supposed, that an obscure adventurer suddenly placed on one
of the first thrones of Europe, secure against any attack from
exterior enemies, would have enjoyed in peace his unex-
pected good fortune, and attempted to consolidate his newly
acquired power. Even'allowing that, as in the present in•
stance, the fiercest passions should lacerate his hardened bo-
som, still, motives of self-preservation might have assuaged
their fury, the instinct of ferocity itself gives way to pruden
tial considerations, and the tyger having seized a prey, does
not seek a doubtful engagement with the distant hunter.
Unfortunately for Europe, such was the opinion which
most of her Statesmen had formed of the Revolutionary Em-
peror of Fiance. Disappointed in their expectations of
crushing the French Revolution in its cradle, because they
had themselves adopted the system of spoliation on which it
is founded, they hailed the concentration of its tremendous
power into the hands of one man as the dawn of a new era,
and the heir of jacobinism was announced as the founder or
a new dynasty. 'The scene, in fact, was now changed, but
it was only another part of the sanguinary drama, and the
murderous ruffians had .only exchanged their bonnets rouges
for crowns and coronets.

On the principles, or rather total want of principles,
which gave birth to the French revolution, we shall not
dwell at present, the snhject hass already occupied far more
eloquent pens, and without entering into it we hardly know
bow to compress the various considerations which crowd
Vol. VI. No. ccxcr-r.
