ir of composure, almost bordering on indifference.
iien placed upon the drop, he looked towards the Mt-
Anse crowd whirl' were assembled, and aai.l, with the
tmost coolness, " Good bye, lads! I die innocent." The
Imp immediately fell, and he died eights cntly without a
Itruggle. The other two men, who were sentenced to
death for the same crime, have been respited.

TRIAL OF MR. HUNT AND OTHERS.
(enter DAY.)
THURSDAY, MARCH 16.—The appointment of this day
for the trial of Mr. Hunt, and nine other individuals
seized along with him at Manchester, caused a glee
crowd to collect at an early hoar before the Castle gates.
A little before nine Mr. Hunt made his appearance, ac-
companied by Mr. Pearson, his attorney ; and also by
Johnson, Wylde, Healey. and Swift. Saxton and the re-
mainieg defendants came into Court shortly afterwards;
they seated themselves at the semkiteular table placed
in'the centre of it, and occupied more that half the space
usually occupied by the leading Barristers. Al 9 o'clock
exactly Mr. Justice Bayley entered, apil the crier imme-
diately called on the cause of the King v. Henry Hunt and
atine °theta.
The names of the persons summoned to act as special
jurors hi that cause were then called over, when ten gen-
tlemen answered to their names. The box was then
cleared; a tales was prayed, and Mr. Septiums Bromley,
of Scuicoates,Hull, and Mr. George Addey, of %Wakefield,
were added to the Jury.
The Jury having been sworn, Mr. Litlledale proceeded
to open the indictment, which charged the defendant.,
Henry Hunt, John Knight, Joseph Johnson, J.'l'. Saxton,
Samuel Bamford, Joseph Ileely, Jillll4, Moorbouse, Rohl.
Jones, George Swift, arid Rube' t Wilde, with leaving on
the Ist day of July, 1819, and at divers other timers con-
spired together to call great public meeti mga of the people,
and thereby to excite terror in the minds of his Majesty's
peaceable subjects; and that, in furtheraoce of their de-
signs, they had, on the I tith of 'Wend last, at Manchester,
illegally, riotously, and tumultuously, assembled a large
body of people, to the number of 60,000 and upwards,
with flags, banners, &c. There were ether counts,
charging tile defendants with a riot.
The defendants pleaded not guilty, and issue was joined
upon it.
Mr. Scarlett, Mr. Sergeant 'hillock, Mr. Sergeant
Cross, acrd Mr. Littleilale, conduct the prosecution. Mr.
Holt is employed tar John Thacker Saxton, and Mr. T.
Barrow fur James Moorliouse. The other defendants
plead their own cause.
As Mr. Scarlett was rising to open the case, some con-
versation took place between I ' , Mr. Pearson, and Mr.
Hunt, regarding the great number of individuals seated at
the barrister's table. Mr. Justice Bayley however de.
tided, that every individual conducting his own defence
ought to be aniseed to sit there ; the rest must be accom-
modated with seats behind their counsel.
Mr. Hunt said, that he was willing to agree to any
arrangement which his Lordship might think proper to
stake. Room would easily be found fur them !reline! the
bar, as lie intended to move, before the unerring of the
case, that all the witnesses on both sides (and he knew
that a great many were in Court) should be ordered out
,of it.
Mr. Justice Bayley then ordered the several witnesses,
nth those osi the part of the prosecution and those on the
Art of the defence, to withdraw from COLII t.
Mr. T.Barrow—" And out of hearing too."
This order was immediately complied wi b; And among
e other witnesses aho withdrew were the Rev. Hay,
• Rev. Ethelstone, Mr. Holton, Mr. Sylvester, Mr.
etcher, Mr. R. Wright, and several oilier Masistrates,
tiro bad beta actively employed on the pith August.
The Judge then ordered proelaination to be made, that
'se evidence of those witnesses who should frillaill in
net atter this notice should not be received on either
fde. From this rule, however, were excepted those who
WI as solicitors Ull either side, and who weir: to be
examined.
Silence having been obtained,
Mr. Scarlett, in a speech of nearly Iwo hours in length,
stated the case fur the prosecution. He avowed I • .ell'
in the most liberal manner the friend of lege public
!meetings, when legally and properly convened; but he
denied that t linens meetings, caned IA a eon resident.
from dist:erit parts of the comitry, and consisting of men
wring iii mai hal array. with sticks, and inflammatory
-devices on banners and Ilegs, could at any time be con-
strued a legal meeting. The only object of such ahvein-
blies was to obtain their object uy physical force, and to
dissolve the constituted authorities oldie state. He de-
nied that in any Republic of ancient limes had the prinne
this right of di,solsing the delegated authority they had
conferred. Ever in Athens, where 30,000 Citizens de-
bated upon public affairs, while they secured tie it cia n
freedom, they kept an immense portion id lima fellow-
people in a state of abject slavery. The leariied coriesel
then desci abed the particular charge against these deleu-
dents, and said, he would prove the conspiracy they hail
entered into by their personal efforts at various niceties.
previous to the 16th of August, to inflame ire people's
minds against the authorities of the start. IR then tier
rated the whole particulars of the Manchester meeting of
the Mitt,, with which our readers are already too center.
t sant, and *lauded to that intended to have bet' held on
the 9th of August, but which was prohibited by the Ma-
gistrates.
The witnesses called were, Mr. Tuumasiiiltiler, the
keeper of the Red Lion, at Stockport, wleWtoseil Mr.
Hunt's arrival there on the et,' of August, anti Ilia inet Ong
with Mr. Moot house. Mr. Henry 1.011184, a vicinslier,
• also sae Mr. Hunt in the same neighbourhood. Several
other a iinessts proved his movements in the country,
prior arid at the meeting of the Ilith tit August, bet their
evidence merely related to Mr. Honer, speeches in patrol.,
which we gave at the time.
James Standrig, who deposed to the waiting at White-
moss, was also examined.—Murray and Slit WI ), two
constables, proved the night 061114.
At six o'clock Mr. Justice Bayley adjoiii veil the Court
till to-inoi row morning at nice, observing that it would
Lot i.e of any set vice to proceed further with she vase
this evening. Defoe parting with the Jars, lie cosomed
them nut to speak upon this subject except it slieiiiil be
one of' their own number.
It is expected that this trial will nut be closed this
Week.
Sir Thomas Lawience is spoken of as likely to be
elected President of the Royal Academy, in the
mom of the late JBtnjamiu West, Esq.

l
