:cen of this ex traorilina-v nvin, a treaty of amity in his
,:and is but an- instrument of war. WWI this before our
eves, would it be well to surrender to him those conquests
which"have cost us so much blood and treasure, and which
even now enable us to bid defiance to his power, enormous as
it has become? Would it be well to give up these to procure
a :.ho:t susnnsion of hostilities, like that obtained by the
treaty 'of Amiens, and thus enable our enemy to attack us
with greater means of annoyance than he can boast at pre-
sent, and impose on our warriors the task of reconquering
those possessions, which, wiested from him by their valour,
England now securely holds? In order justly to appreciate the
value of a peace with him, we should look to the continental
nations who have made the expel invent, in order to, ascertain
whether or not 'what has been called a peace has saved them
from his Motility. If this be done, it must be seen that his
friendshie is to the full as dreadful as his enmity. To. prove
this, no extraordinary powers of reasoning are necessary. We
have only to point to the map, and the names of Holland,Spain,
Austria, Prussia, Sweden, and Helvetia, express more than
could volumes. What has been the fate of those who, inti-
midated Isy.dereat, have hoped to gain repose by shame, and
submitted to disgrace that their blood might cease to flow ?
[lave their expectations been realized ? Look at the army
which BUONAPARTE now leads, and in the Dutch, Spaniard,.,
Swiss, Austrians; and Prussians of which it is composed, who
have fought and bled under his banners, see the blessings of
a peace concluded with a man whose towering ambition is
only equalled by his matchless want of principle. It will
the..-c be seen, that those who shrunk from war when its
~bject was to preserve their homes, are now dragged many
ilo::dred miles from their native country, to fight the battles
of a foreiiver ; and those who threw down their arms, when
they ought to have wielded them ;n their own defence, are
compelled to take them up at the mandate cf the tyrant,
to carry on an offensive war against a nation with whom
they have no quarrel, for the aggrandiSement of him who is
the cause of their ruin. What is this but slavery, the molt
abject, the most degrading slavery? What must those
meanness. to purchase safety,
monarchs, who had hoped by
feel, while these scenes pass before their eyes ? What must
be the raptures of the Emperor of AUSTRIA, when he hears
of the success of his son-in-law ? With how much conscious
and.fcrrid piJii .must he order a solemn Tr Deuin to
Gon, because BUONAPIRTE has revenged himself onALEx;
ANDER, for not coining sufficiently forward to complete the
destruction of Austria! How must ttellulers and the People
of the other places we have named, felicitate themselves on
hearing of these things, and bask in the glare of that glory
which their sons and brothers have acquired at the expeace
of their lives, in the service- of France, 'pa how gay
