PArAL AFFRAY AT GREENOCK.

The unfortunate town of Greenock hssagain be,:n the
scene of bloodshed. On Saturday, the wth ul'. a party,
consisting of six men of the 13th reginter.i, had been
drinking in the house of a person narited Quern, lit
Shennan's Close, where two of them had their quarters.
Sometime before midnight they wznst to the head of the
close in Snew.street, and having there met some sailors,
they cried to them " blue jackets." The sailors resented ;
a scuffle followed, and one of the soldiers ran back to his
lodgings for his bayonet, and was about to rejoin his
associates in the street when he was prevented from
going out by the innkeeper in the close, front whom the
party had got some of their whisky The rest of the
soldiers were then driven back to the quarters and hav-
ing called on their comrade to open the door, they were
admitted, and along with them a person besmeared with.
blood, with whom they had been fighting, and who fell
upon the floor, and was for some time insensible. A
pretty numerous crowd collected, and threatened to
force the door. The soldiers rats up stairs,' and having
loaded the muskets of the two who lodged in the house,
fired from the window over the heads of the crowd, and
induced them to disperse. Hy this time it was Sabbath
morning. By and by a watchman on the quay, having
heard the firing occasionally repeated, proceeded to the
place, and having, in answer to a question from the
soldiers, told what he was, desired them to give over
firing. This answer was no sooner heard, than one of
the soldiers took up his piece, and by a shot, through
the left breast, killed the watchman on the spot. Im-
mediately after another watchman, who came up to see
after his companion, was shot between the fag., t.iid he
died in an hour and a half after in an adjoining house.
The women in the neighbourhood, having gathered
round, prevailed with the soldiers not to fire till they
removed the bodies. A sailor lad was also shot, and
died in the Infirmary at noon on Sabbath. When the
town guard came up, the soldiers disregarded the ser.
jeant's order to desist from firing, and it was not till the
arrival, about one o'clock, of another party, accompanied
by an officer and a magistrate, that order was restored.
'I he six soldiers, together with one in common clothes,
were then delivered over to the civil power, and lodged
in gaol.—The names of the sufferers are Robert Simpson,
a widower, and Henry Pearson, who has left a wife and
four children, and Archibald Morrison,a young

COURT or CLAIMS.—It was expected that the
Commissioners would have met on Monday, In the
painted chamber, according. to adjournment, and a
number of claimants were in attendance with their
proofs in support of their claims to do service on the
day of his Majesty's coronation. Sir H. Russell,
one of the Commissioners, entered the painted cham-
ber at twelve o'clock, and waited until half.past
one o'clock, without being joined by any of the other
eommiasioners. William Butt, Esq. the Deputy
Serjeant at Arms, informed him that he had just
found in the Gazette of Saturday last, the following
notice, viz.—" Court of Claims.—Notice is hereby
given that the meeting of this Court, which was
appointed for Monday, the 31st day of July instant,
stands adjourned until further notice." Mr. Butt
then read the notice aloud, and the court was cleared.
On Monday, at two o'clock, the Deputation from
the borough of Ilchester waited upon the Queen with
an Address, to which her Majesty returned a gra-
cious answer. After the Deputation withdrew, her
Majesty went to North-street, Finsbury-square, to
view the School, called the Royal Institution, for
1,000 boys and 300 girls, of which the Duke and
Duchess of Kent were patrons. Her Majesty ex-
pressed the most lively satisfaction at the order and
regularity which pervaded the establishment, and
the interesting appearance of the children, fur whom
she left a liberal donation.
Lord Byron, a strong Oppositionist in every sense
of the word, and an energetic opponent of all the
prosecutors of the Queen, is on his way home, fir
the exclusive purpose of attending his place in Par-
liament to support his sentiments. His Lordship,
it may be known, has long been resident in Italy.
He is intimately acquainted with the manners and
morals of the Italians; and he had many opportu-
nities of meeting the Queen, and of observing her
demeanor. He will be a most important acquisition
to the Queen's party.
The buildings and land in Camp Lane, near
Leeds, at present occupied by the 6th regiment of
Foot, have, it seems, been purchased by Govern-
ment, for permanent infantry barracks. The in-
tended erections near Sheepacarbar, :bout half a
mile distant, for which Parliament have voted
98.0001. of the public money, arc to form cavalry
barracks.

Two of her Majesty's witnesses have arrived front
Milan, one of whom performed the journey in the
short period of six days. We are assured, upon the
most undoubted authority, that her Majesty expe-
riences great difficulty in bringing to this country
the witnesses necessary for her defence. The Go-
vernor of Milan states, that he cannot give passports
to any witnesses except those who may have be-
longed to her Majesty's household, without pre-
viously sending to Vienna fur authority. Thus the
defence of the Queen of England is made to &pent&
upon the will and pleasure of the Emperor of


DEYELOPENII ENT OP Tit PITINCIPLFS ON WI-M.!'
WAS FORMED W HAT WAS IMPIOUSLY PALLED
"7'llE, 1101,1' i'LLIANCE:'
•••••••

When a motion was made by the House of Com-
mons for the production of papers relative to this
infernal Compact, Lord Castlereagh, to use one of the
expressions of " himself and the other Sovereigns,"
it met with a decided negative,on the ground of eti-
quette ; fur he stated, that as the Prince Regent,
by our constitution, could not be a party to such u
compact, etiquette forbade the production of papers
relative to it by the English Government. We did
not quarrel with his Lordship at the moment on this
account, and if we had been inclined to feel angry,
the cause of that inclination has been removed by
the recent publication of a Note (which will be
found in another part of our Paper to-day), which
developes plainly the absolute purpose of the damn-
able league. We shall, as is our practice under such
circumstances, proceed to divest it of its cloathiug—
to exhibit it in a naked state to the curses of the
world—to she" our own countrymen the advan-
tages of tliat constitution, that prevented their
reigning Prince from becoming a party to such an
infamous confederacy, and to the rest of Europe
how degraded their situation, so long as they shall
submit to support the weight of so humiliating a
dependance. When an original document is denied
us, we are justified in the adoption of the best infor-
mation we can procure, and the Note in question
from the great Autocrat of " All the Russias," is
the only data from which we can draw our deduc-
tions. We presume, therefore, that the Compact,
runs, that "Forasmuch as the subscribing parties are
arbitrarily ruling over immense and heavily oppressed
people, who are solely kept in a state of injurious
subjection by coercive power, the said parties inter-
changeably bind themselves to each other to use all
the means each of them may possess, to perpetuate
the slavery of these people in case any occurrence
should apprise them of the abjectness of their state,
or enable them to attempt a resumption of their
rightful liberties." Such, we suppose, might serve
as a basis of " The Holy Alliance," and if our sup-
position be correct, we should not regret to hear of
the " High subscribing parties" having each, indi-
vidually, met his HIGH deserts. We rejoice that
our Sovereign's signature could not be annexed to so

scandalous a document. dla Lattlerne tray we, with I
all such principles and their espousers, the Autocrat I
may glory in being an Emperor over such a race—
we should glory in their being illumined beyond
bearing their state quietly. The doctrine of true
allegiance, to s good and well administered Govern-
ment, is not more incontrovertible than the impera-
tive duty of resistance to Usurpation and Tyranny.
This Norm, we hope, will be read by every Russian
and Spaniard who can read, in order that " The
Emperor of All the Russias" may derive from it the
estimation or execration that he merits. What is
the language, if the translation be made into plain
John- Bull- English ? Why,it is thus:—" Ferdinand,
you have solemnly sworn to observe a constitution
which your subjects were justified in demanding,
which you believe would contribute to their general
welfare ; nevertheless, if you will falsify your oaths,
if you will attempt the re-establishment of that ty-
rannical Government which has already bowed down
your country with distress, the armies of Russia
shall support you in your perjuries; the influence
of the Court of St. Petersburgh shall be exerted to
enforce the co-operation of all those Governments
who belong to The Holy Alliance." We wish Lord
Castlereagh would give at once a better and truer
translation of this infamous document, and we well
know that

" He can with ewe
4' Twist words and meanings a 6 he Ideate,"

but still, to the eye of discernment, he cannot make
black appear white.
We have not yet &Tic with "The FitAy Alit-
ance ;" ;n fitct, this is (mr first at'mpt at exerol

_

Tim NATIONAL. lIPGISTER.

fication of the horrid principle of their union. We
shall pursue them through all their haunts; we
bhall not leave them till the World bhull know their

intentions—

" The Idea of March arc come,"
exultingly exclaimed the Roman Tyrant;

" But not gone, Caesar."
was the Soothsayer's reply, and the same day the
daggers did their Country yeoman service.
Prussia shows dLicontent ; its Government alarm;
and we do not yet despair of seeing the whole of
Europe equally free with England; that, with all
our well.founded grumblings, will be much. We
may* afterwards shew them a worthy example of
rational extension.
