OCTOI

greatest —.alma is found for their children
think not.
Does not a family press much harder on a poor titan than
enr any other class?—.No doubt.
And is it not of greater imporlonce to him to superintend
the care of those children, than to any other class ut persons
fit life %—lt 'mast be of more importance to him to soperin•
tend, is• lie can, the education and the bringing up of his
children, because, in other ranks of life, these are person.
who can be procured to do that office for then'.
Does not any sickues3 or want of health in the cutd.irell Of
the poor press upon the parents mote than upua any other
class ut persons ?—Certainly.
Have you had an opportionity cif remarking, from your own
obievide , whether the condition ut children bound
ap-
prentice to Out common tradesmen, ..urli as shoemaker., And
111 nple of that description, is Letter or worse titan that of tlic
children in factories ?--I ran give no answer to this que•tiou
in any satisfactory miniver.
The observati•m% you have made are those dram.' fro;()
griirral 'seasoning, not flout practice ; is there not some
ger in forming in ni • ' mei cly upon theory If an ani-
mal, a row for iii•tauce, were taken and confined totally in ct
house, do you believe it would have an etleet upon the health
of the animal —I do not know that it would have 'notch elfcct
upon the visible circumstances that constibite health ; lint I
have no hesitation to say, I believe that a ht rd t f cuss
Inch were in tlie ()lieu air a considerable part of their time
would be in fa-•t healthier than those confined, though it
would be eitticult to ascertain the ilitiCrence between the
two.

14.

It : rac of

_
Has it ever occurred to you to know that the fact is directly
opposite?—No, it has not.
It children are employed, from the age of IS to 10, in roams
of 134 feet long, or 151) feet long, where perhaps 3) people
■re 'employed, and where the thermometer does not urdba-
rilv stand above it being understood that those children
ore not employed in any occupation which can be called la-
imrions, are you of opinion that suet. occupation, even con-
Cooed fur 12 hours in a day, will he injurious to their
health ? After what had been said with regard to positive
facts it is impossible fur me to give any positive ansa er to it,
because there may be some fact to contradict it : I cam only
say, that, according to our gi ncral reasoning 'pun the causes
which :alert beolth, I should think that this was too long a
time, I think 10 hours confinement to labour, as far as I can
judge, is as much as is compatible with the perfect well-being
a isy constitution ; but there has e been facts ail I need here
which go very nmelt to throw aside that reasoning. 1 ant
now speaking upon conjecture and general principles, and
thus is always less strong than a positive fact.

PROI'INCL4LS.

-~--

At the July Quarter Sessions for Kent, Mr. Bonifaire, who
rented A house next door to the New Inn, Tunbridge %Veils,
belonging to Mr. Bramwell, a apirit•uuareh:wt, residing iii
London, was found guilty of an assault on the latter, aml
alter paying a trifling tine, wa. discharged on sii t (ties. \t.
Bramwell, besides the house above mentioned, has consider-
able property in Tunbridge mid had appointed the
Neu 11111 as the place where, un Saturday, lie would receive
Iris rents ft our his tenant'.. From the dreadful orevnaence
which has taken I••I ice, it appears that the thirst fvr revenge
had been long rankling in the broils of Bionifaceond that day
was fixed on by him to glut the hot n id passion, by the de•true.
lion of Bramwell. Ile accordingly, on Satiortlay, went tp
the New Inn to pay :'is relit, and there found 3lr. Bramwell
sitting at a table, with some wine and fruit before him. In
the room were also umither gentleman, and Mr. Soper, the
landlord of the inn. Ilona:tee said--" lum conic to pay my
relit," and Idi•I the amount d.ewn, near Mr. Bramwell, who
taking tip the notes, passed to him a glass of whir. At this
time Bonifiee was atandingepposite Mr. Bratnu ell ; he drew
a pace or two bark (unnoticed by the in rsons preseiit), and
alter exclaiming, " Now, Mr. Bramwell, you have taken a
false oath azainst nor,•• he drew a lease pistol ficrin under his
round frock, and fired it at the bead of his victim. 011 see-
ing Mr. Bramwell on the floor, Boinface tired ano-
ther pistol thriingli the window into the .treat, conceit-lug (as
it is supposed) that the first shut had completed hi• i,iarpose.
Mr. Bramwell. on living taken up, exhibited eters• appear.
:Mee of being depri% c I oflife, the Content• of the in-arm:era
of death having entered near his right eye ; but medical as-
sistance• being immediately procured, every exertion in the
power of skill ma. used, and the attnt,td, we are very happy
to learn, was not en be mortal. The wretched man
who had l'olllllllltell the desperate act sat himself down in a
chair will' great apparent composure. Ile expressed his re-
gret at listing iii his powwow, nor dill lie make any attt mpt to
escape, but surrendered himself with the lie eatest readiness.
lie was taken 'rehire a Magistrate, who, afte- a candid exa-
mination, fully eontmitted him to Maidstone gaol, to take Ins
trial the next March %•sizes.

DREADFUL CIRCI,msTANcr...--On Sunday, the 2.2 d ult. as EOM,
rung men were nutting in the woods near Old Fpptr Blue Bell, on
the old road to Mahl,tone, they observed a female 11mg wider a tree,
apparently asleep, 'and passed on without disturbing her. On the
succeeding Friday the young men again went Nutting to the same
place, when, to their extreme snipe isc, they saw the female lying in
the precise place and attitude in which they hall seen her before; one
of them went to her and took her by the hand; she was alive, but
in such a situation as excited the must shuddering sensations a hor-
ror and disigust, mixed with surprise, that • human being could
twin any portion of animation, under such conOicated sufferings
of want anti wretchedness. She was almost in a state of putrefaction.
Inge maggots were feeding on every part of her frame; expowsi to
the attack of flies; her nostrils, and even he, mouth were infested
by them; behind her cars, between her tinguss, and between her
toes, they were crawling in sickening qtyantiti.l; and her clothes
were literally rotten from long exposure to the eary;tig and humid
atmosphere. Vic!' a duhla'tleabietity that' apAel for as.i terse to
th Blue Bell, cal with the assistance ed teat men the unfortunate
re suffer was Owed upon a hurdle, and conveyed to an out-houses
whcre such necessaries and comforts as coull b: procured were im-
mediately prepared for her. Mr. Browne, surgeon of Sachs ter,
was sent for, anti immediat,ly came to visit her, and through this
humane, kind, and constant ~ttention, this unfortunate se.,man has
been rescued front the jaws of death, and is now it a fair way of re-
covery. The *tenant she gives of he,sell is, du.; her ram; is Ann
Martin; she clone time 1.,w ,s, some time bt.,..k with at: artillery
soldier to Chatham Barracts,,hot that she had,lift him, and had de-
termined on returniag borne to Lewes; thet being destitute of
money. and oppressed by fatigue, she, in a I,t of despair. laid herself
down to die; that ,Jie had Isis where ske was discovered ever skits
the Sunday preceding that n i which she first seen. and comet:menu;
had been eleven days and atij h s without Bald.—K, nt:o.

Friday afternom: the neighbourhood. of Sal;sbury
square um. put inn stair of groat alarm by a tin bro.aking out at the
upper unit of Mr. T lir-foundry. in a lorsrt-strut ; but by
t h• exertions or t'ac man nn the pronkes, it was gua. under without.
do'.rg ary datnagc.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

ALGIERS.

A German paper received on Friday, gives, under
the head of Vitnita, a letter, (tiled Al;4krs, Aug. 31,
stated to he received through France, from an eye wit-
ness of Lord Exmouth's attack. It contains the follow-
lowing particulars:—

On the arrival of' the, English fleet, a frigate, with a
flag of truce, was dispatched, which sent on shore one
of its boats. This boat was stopped before the harbour,
and the officer was not permitted to go on shore : he was
the bearer of a letter, in the English and Turkish lan:
~ll,Lges, which he delivered to the Captain of the Port.
'his dispatch statist,

That that Court of London had on the 15th of May, consented
through the medium of Lord Exmouth, to wait for six months for
the reiolution which the Government of Algiers should take respect-
ing the abolition of slavery ; that the Dey had, however, at the very
time of this negotiation. given the English Admiral the aaturance,
that (luring the above period, all Englishmen, and all English pro-
perty in the whole Algerine territory should he respected, and that all
English property .booby sequestrated should h, conscientiously re-
stored. Notwithstanding this the Court of London had learnt, that
the English. and individuals under English protection, had 'seen mass
sacred at Ilona and their property plundered. That two English
vessels had been detained, and also plundered. for which not the
smallest satisfaction had hitherto been given. For these reasons the
Court of London had resolved not to wait for the expiration of the
term of six months for the abolition of the slavery of the Europeans
at Algiers, but, on the contrary, to insist that the aholition shouh! I•
immediately consented to, sad ratified by the fdsvernment of Algiers.
and that as a proof of the reengnition of this princple. all the Euro-
pean slaves in their power shoved be immediately delivered on board
of the English s';ips. and as a reparation fur the injury done to Eng-
lish sohjee:s at lions and Oran. the sum of 37todswo piasters which
had Len paid by the Coon of Naples as ransom, should be re-
stored.

The Dey sent back Lord Exmouth's letter with con-
tempt, and gave the officer to understand that 11.:: could
not give any answer to such proposals,
" The English Admiral now gave the squadron the
signal tin. battle. The gun bunts first cast anchor
pretty near the batteries : the Alp:tines might easily
have made them k -cp off (desemparer) ; all the offi-
cers of the Algerine fleet advised this, and loudly de-
manded that the batteries should fire, but the Minister
of the Marine would not, without having the order of
the Dey, who sent word that he would immediately
come in person to the shore. Meantime the two
3-deckers, two 74's, and one of 60, got time to take
up their position about half-past two o'clock, at 60 fit-
thorns from the shore, or about half cannon shot. Now
the forts began to fire, but too late."
After describing the battle, the letter proceeds thus:—
" On the 2.fith, the English squadron cast anchor
in the Great Bowl, and without cannon-shot. Algiers
was in consternation, and the Swedish' Consul was re-
quested to come to the Dey.

When he arrived at the hotel of the Minister of
the Marine, he fbund the Dey and the Members of the
Government assembled there, who infinmed him of
their resolution to submit to all the demands of the
English. Meantime a bout, with a flag of truce,
came from the English Admiral, bringing a letter to
the D; v, Both sides fought desperately. What de-
cided
the laiir was, that the Algerines did not imagine
that the English would post themselves within half
cannon-shot. To this was added the daring resolu-
tion of fastening a brimstone shirt to the first Algerine
frigate, whi.it instantly took fire, and caused the
greatest devastation in the harbour.
" The city was not set on fire in any place either by
the bombs or the Congreve rockets, as all the houses are
of stone or brick without roofs, hut with terraces, and
therefore cannot easily catch fire ; but the booths and
361 b. balls ilia, however, immense damage by penetrat-
ing into many houses and throwing down many walls.
" In the country all remained quiet, in anxious expec-
tation of the result ; all the women and children from
the city were dispersed in the mountains. A tumult in
an Arabian camp, six leagues front AlTiers, where the
soldiers were dissatisfied that they rec,Ayed no orders to
break up, was quickly quelled. The general anger and
indignation is directed against the Minister of the Ma-
rine, who is blamed fire .not having fired upon the
English gun-boats and ships of the line as soon as they
were within cannon shot, but letting them cast anchor
without disturbance. This Minister is fallen into dis-
grace, and in his roman a certain Salm Flussum appoint-
ed, who seems to enjoy general confidence and great
favour with the ,Tt.• "
ILI I 1.11.

MV•T rn-nt• q Art..% t n.-I.ast Week, two women, of the name
of Nancy N tcl el rod Mary Nichol Gisteno, were apprehended a
Carlisle. on suspicion of being concerned in Cie sapis.seil murder
John MtGorrin. a lahouting man. MtGorrin went front Carlisle
the Itch ult. with b'nnk Ilarkness and Mary Nichol, to accompany
them on a matrimonial expedition to Gretna Green. On their arrival
at the river Esk, near l!”-bliti cross, not finding a boat, Mttlortin
stripped off his clothes wit's an intent la the prisoners says of swim-
ming over to procure one from the other A'.tle, for the purpose of con-
voying them over, but never returned. On the circumstance ht.itig
male public, warrants were immediately issued for the spprebension
of the two women, 'me of Wilallt NVILI now in Carlisle goal. The
constablts arc now in pursuit of I darkness, w"as has abscond. d. Ti e
deceased wai found on Mo:slay s:'relight by a slieplienl's boy, a few
yards below t`.e place he entered, in a very mutilated st etc. I ring
been twelve days in the water. It would app• ar from the mart e • pen
the &reused, dent Brent vialtnee must have been wed, there In Mit
the.e wounds in the back part of his he:ti, and one oa each t..m:!e,
him • ppc: lip cut through, and neck. shoulders, nr.i loins numb
li'ackened. On the Coronefe Inqueit, the .Jury ect••rred a verdict
of Wifili nverd:r ~g.zinst F. Iforkw7s and Jitney Nielful.

'3.,

From the LOA-1)(1N CitZETTE, 'l'ucsday, Oct. 8.
(Till; Ga7ette announces, that the Prince Regent has appointed
Mr. J. Ron-ford, to be Pico-Consul for Hanover at Weymouth.'
BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED.
J. KILVINGTON. Ilaniciide,merrh. from Oct.lt to Nov.?. attquildh.
J. Jow Es, of Catherine-streetestbinet-maker, from Oct. 12 to 49, at
ten, at Guildhall.

An tx, MT, of T.

BANKIIITTS. •
1-court-road. t'?. Nov. 19,

at Guildhall. Atts. 'Timbrell and Co. Nlaceleslield-st. Salo..
BOSTOCK, B. of Numwton, Warwickshire, innkeeper, Oct. es. 24,
Nov. 19, at Nuneaton. Atts. Long & I folhorn-co. Gray's-inn.
CitcsrEn. It. of Much-Wenloek. Salop, linen-draper, (10. 21.24.
Nov. 19. at Ilidklwas, Salop. Atte. Tarrant & Co. Chancery-Lae.
CROFT, W. of Leeds. merchant, Nov. 11, 11, at Dewabtuy, 19, at
IVakefield. Att. Mr. Evans, listtorticanlot.
G1,111(1ss. F. of Fleet-strut. totem-, Oct. 19, 26, Nov. 19. at Guild.
hall. Att. Mr. Poole, Adam's-court, Old Broad-street.
Hameln,: n. G. of A/kinky. Yorkshire. tallow-chandlers, 0
Nov. 19, at lindale. Atts. Still and Co. I.incoln's.inn.
Jac xsow, H. M. of Token-house-yard. merelikait, Oct. 12, 2(, Nor.
19, at Guildhall. Atts. Lamb and ('u. Princes-street, Bank.
.lEssor, M. of Dewsbury, and W. Mar r. Isom, of Moithill, York-
s:tire, Nov. 8, at Wakefield, 11, at Dewsbury, 19, at Waktfiekl.
Atte. Fisher and Co. (lough-square.
F. of Aylesbury, druggist, Oct. 12, 19, Nov. 19, at Guild-
hall. Atts. l'errsc and Sons, Swithin's-lane.
01.tim.sx, IL late of Northwich. Cheshire, draper, Nov. 1,2, 19, nt
Nlanchester. Atts. Clarke and Co. Chancery-lane.
nocrEtt. F. of Sproatley. Yorkshire, merchant, Oct. 1?, 15. Nov.
19, at Kingston-upon-Iltill. Atm Hurd and Co. Temple.
llonlistinN, I). of linuistkin. Staffirdshire, Oct. 21, 22, Nov. 19, at
Burton-upon-Trent. Atte. Hicks and Ca Bartlett's-budil:ngs.
SNII Tll, I.l.ltigate-11111, haberdasher, Oct. 12, 26, Nov. 19, at
Guildhall. .ttta. Ilueklersbury.
n, E. of Mad-street, linensmerchant, Oct. 23, 24, Nov. 19.
at York. Atts. Lamberts and Co. Gray's-Inn-square.
11AIWORT). D. of Canterbury, plumber, Oct. 21, 22, and Nov. 19,
at Canterbury. Ans. Collett and Co. Chancery-lane.
ST otos°, It. of Whitt/Liven, mercer, 0et.39, 31, Nov. 19, at White.

23, 24,

. . _
haven. Att. Mr. Lowden Clements-Inn.
I'ArE..M. of (I:Ilford, Can:wester. clothier, Oct. 19, 29, and Nov.
t 9, at (.nll.lllOl. Att,. Foss and Son, Essex-street, Strand.
TACT, W. of Stafrord. currier. Or!. D 4.19. Nov. 19, at Stafford. Atts.
I'rice and Williams, Lincoln's-Inn.
DIVIDENO AT OUILDIIALL.
Barry, C. of Jennyn-streve, surgeon. Oct. 29.
Beland, J. F. of Rood-lane. merchant, Nov. 5.
Ileasly, R. O. of Austin-Friars, merchant, Nov. 4.
Block, T. of l'atarnoster.row, printer, Oct. 29.
Cohen. B. of George-street, Mmories, merchant, Nov. 4.
Constable. M. and .r. of Shad Thames, flour-factors, Nov. It

Davey, M. lun. of Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, miller. Nov.
Dawes, Noble, Croft, and Barwick, of Pall-Mall, bankers, Nov. 21.
Dykes, T. of Great Eastcheap, chocolate-maker. Nov. 5.
Frankland. E'. of Oxford-street. linen-draper, Nov. 12.
Grave:, J. of t'harlotte-street, Fitzroy-square, upholsterer, ?lII►. 5.
Ilislop, A. and .1. Sadler, of Bow-lane, warehouseman. Nov. 12.
Ingram..l. of Wood-street, theapside. Blackwell-hall-factor, Nov. 4.
Jackes. W. of Guikiford-street, Blackfriars-road, Oct. 29.
I .anceley, F. of Chester, currier, at Chester, Nov. 2.
J. and .1. Burton, of Great Guildford-et. Surry, Oct. 29.

DIVIDENDS IN THE COUNTRY.

Ching, .1. of Dartmouth, miller, Oct. 29, at Plymouth Dock.
Cotgmave, T. I' Ircat Earingdon, cheese-factor, at Farrineon, Oct 31.
I,:dis, M. of Huntingdon, hutcl!ce, at Illucktlen, Huntingdon. Oct. I.
Munn, J. of John, in Bedwartline, molester, at Worcester, Oct. 29.
CERTII IC ATES, OCT. 29 —.T. and .1. .V.pinall. of Liverpoel,
bankers.—S. Brown and T. H. Scott, of St.7%Tatry Hill, merchants.
—W. Elliott, of Wtstgate, Northumberland, nurseryman.—l.
Ntoore..l. Tennant, and J. Foster, of Bishop Monkton, flax-spin-
Hallow:110f North Shields. ship=owner.—T. Harrison and
W. Hembrey, of Market-street, St. James's. butchers.—D. Aleultay.
of Old 'Broad street, merchant.—%l. Ntetealf.Mn. of Kingston-upon-
Hull, merchant.—J. Spencer, of Helper. Derby. nail-manufacturer.
