TiIF STATIONAL REGISTER.

MARCH 5:

lOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

BRUSSELS PAPERS.

131'.usSE►.s, FEB. Q.t.—The fate of our country is fixed.
This day will he for ever the most remarkable epoch in our
alma's: we are free and indepcndant ! After so many years
of slavery, we again become a nation. 0 Providence, what
dues nut recognise the decrees of thy eternal justice. This
happy news is announced to the inhabitants by the ►inging
of bells, and discharges of artillery.

.Extract of a letter from his Royal Highness the Prince Sovereign,
doted Feruary the '231, 1815, addressed to his Excellency Count de
'Dames de Lonthize. Commissionir General of Justice, performing
the functions of Secretary if State.

Stu—The dispatches which I received yrsterday evening from
V,enna, inform me that the great interests which have long em.
ployed the Congress, have been regulated to the general satisfac-
tion ; and by 411 e unanimous consent of Austria, Russia, Enland,
FIa!ICC, and Pt ussia,"all those parts of Belgium which formerly he.
Lured to the first of these powers have been placed under my so.
%ereigoity, excepting some portions of the test ritory of Limburg and
Loxemburgh, and under some modifications in respect to these two
Dorliics. We retain on the right bank of the Meuse a slip offer.
lingy sufficient to ensure to us "the entire enjoyment and the free
navigation of that river ; and the ancient Bishopric of Liege is
among the countries which will compose the new monarchy of the
Countries. You will readily appreciate the happy effect
which those arrangements will have upon the happiness of the
ripple whom Providence has called me to govern, and to whom,
ulna I have already been able to do for them under less favourable
circumstances, must serve as a pledge of my constant solicitude for
their true interests —(Otaele, Fcb. 'l3O .
The Journal de la Belgique says,-on this occasion—This
lappy news fills with joy the hearts of all real patriots, who
sec in the new order of things the future prosperity of their
country. Belgium will then be indepehdent under the
soereignty of the illustrious House of Orange, which derives
its descent from the noble city of Brussels,—a house, which,
in the 16th century, sacrificed its fortune and the blood of
members to deliver us from an intolerable yoke. W hat
may we not expect from the worthy descendant of those heroes
who, while only the provisional Sovereign, has done so much
good to Belgium, now that this rich country becomes the
patrimony of his august family ?

VIENNA, FEE. 15,—The population of the new Monarchy
of the United, Netherlands will amount to five millions of in•
habitants. It will have Prussia for its neighbour on the one
tide of the Loser Rhine, and on the other the German Em-
pire. The important fortress of Luxemburgh, the Gibraltar
of the centre of Europe, is declared a federal place of arms
of Germany, which will c-nstantly maintain there a formid-
able garrison, an immense artillery, and'as latgc arsenals and
magazines as at Mentz.

The affairs of Italy are greatly advanced ; the king of
Naples, Joachim Murat, will remain in possession of his
kingdom, and every thing seems to announce that even the
Marches will make a pact of it. It has been observed that
the Court of Rome has not had the smallest influence on the
discussions of the Congress, and all its remonstrances have

147

scat cely been listened to. The Allied SoveteigMs have ako
declared their intention of putting an end to the dissensions
which still agitate Switzerland.

The Austrian army is going to be put on the peace esla-
bliAment ; it will be composed of about 300,000 men, c.f
which 42,000 will be cavalry ; 180,000 men will be grade.
allf disbanded. Pru-ssia has formed the plan to retain under
arms an army of 240,000 men.
