WALTZ AND QUADRILLE BALI..

Mn. WILSON, Dancing- M aster, (from the King's
(hula House.) respeetfulle infonns his Pupils and the Pub
that his WALTZ and QUADRILLE (being his 7t3th Public)
BALL. will tike place on Tile itsnAy NEXT. NI ARCH 12,
at r!le CROWN and ANCHOR TAVERN. STRAND. _

. 7
Single 'rtekets. Ira. tid. each; Double Tickets, to admit a Lad/
Gentlenum. or Tw•o Ladies, 1'94. To be had at Mr. Wo.sox
Academy. Old bailey, Ludgate II&

THE NATION M, LREUISTER

LONDON :

SUNDAY, m.incll 8, 1818.

THE accounts reccive.l on Friday, from the' Coast,
are very distressing. The Tempest on Wednesday night
was the most violent ever remembered. At Ports-
mouth the hurricane seems to have been most awful.
The tide rose six inches beyond its greatest height at
any former -periodrand the difference between the even.
ing and morning tide was five feet perpendicular. At
Margate, the Marquis of Wellesley East Indianian is on
shore, but will be got off. At Ram/gate the Asia East
Indiaman, is on shore on the Main. The Fly cutter
lost her foremast and bowsprit, and above twenty other
ships received damage and left their cables and anchors..
A t Cowes, for forty years pcst the tide was never:ll:town
to be so high, and the intelligence from Deal, Wey-.,
mouth, and Southampton, is equally distressing. The
hurricane was such as to create the utmost alarm also
on shore, where every moment it was feared it would
have been accompanied with some great convulsion of
nature. The stairs, Tiers, am' sr a walls about Ilaslar
and South Sea Castle are considerably damaged ; and
the whole of that beautiful and useful work, the New
Pier at r.yde,ll said to have been almost totally des-
troyed. We are concerned to add, that between Rams-
gate anit Broadstairs several dead bodies have been
cast on chore.

Papers to a late date have been reccive3 during
1.1.:e week, hut their contents arc unimportant. Letters
frora Fans announce that the Police had errented three
indivi,ludlA who were suspected of not being uncon-
:.(rtial in the attempt upon the Duke of Wellington.
a ilainburgh mail arrived. By it we
Zt.t I].. of Siva, a is to be crovimel en the
• -,;, • fzuta Franc:.

Tilt NATTONAL REMIT%

A noti,:e was published on the 10th ult. in the Ber-
lin papers, pdareksci to all Swedish and Norwe,;:an
suhject, to appear, on the I sth cf March, at tie Itotel
of the Swedish Antba.,sador to take the otth of allegi-
ance to his Majesty Caaries John, King of Sweden and
Norway.

" C E\o.l, FEB. For.ign Jaarnal, in montion-
in& the law events at Algiert, has committed some mis-
takes which may be rectified as follows, from authentic
information:—

" The Sardinian br:g was not deelarz.l a price, the
cargo was pillaged, but the vessel ar.dl crew were set at
liberty, and the Captain had his freight pail him. It
is not the son of the English Consul that the Dey com-
manded to be arrested, but a person oF the name or
Ben Zaman, son of gn ancient Erig.'sli Vice-Consul.—
This young man has not been imprisoned, 'alt obliged
to become a Musselma7:, and the Dey has given him an
employment in his ser% ice. Lastly, it is not the dauglitc:.
of the Sardinian Via.; Consai :) had leen carried cif
and situt up in the .'.Seraglio, but the daughter et( a per-
son named Ponsibinic, a Sardinian subject, who, after
having been twe,:ty years in slavery at Algiers.
11%)W lives at libe.ty a:)kl carries on a little trlle. This
young person is only the God-daughter of M. alini,
the Sardinian Viue.Consul, who lags formerly been se—
veral tires in Africa.

The Finance Committee in its progressive labortrs
has just bi-oc:-1-it out its Seventh Report ; this Report
relates wholly to the Army Estimates, and is nsit/wr
interesting by any detection of evravagance, or regula-
tion of economy; a clause of the first paragraph is per-
haps the most important, which states that the num-
bers on the present Army Estimates beiow those of
1817 are diminished (only) by about 2000 men, anti
that this reduction takes place in the troops stationed in
Ireland, the remainder upon every other home and fo-
reign station continuing. nearly upon the former esta-
blishment. The estimates for 1817 were 2,31;1,3771.
and for 1818, 3,277,3741. bcing less in the latter year
by 71,0021. l Os. ; but what is more singttlar still, is,
that the Staff for 1813 is more than that o-f
the preced-
ing year by 3,7541:

-Li the course of a cenversation which :rose in the
House of Commons on Wednesday night, on the motion
of Mr. Brougham, for the appointment of a Com-
mittee to enquire w:lat steps had been adopted fur de-
stroying the documents relative to the deceased Pro-
perty Tax., the Chancellor of the Exchequer unequivo-
cally declared, that it was not his intention, under any
circumstances, during a period of peace, to propose a
revival of that Tax. This declaration of the Right
Hon. Gentleman is importaLt, inasmuch as it will dissi-
pate the upprehensions entertained by many persons,
that an attempt to revive this oppressive Tax, not-
withstanding.the declared opinion of the country on
the subject, would form one feature of the financial
system to be submitted to the new Parliament.
The following is an Extract of a Letter, received in
town on Friday morning, from the Captain of the ship
Romulus, bound to Norfolk (Virginia), lying in the
Downs.:—

" In the tremendous gu:e of Wednesday night, a ship,
totally dismasted, went down under his stern, and all
hands on board-pc:is!ied ; he could not render any as-
sistance, but was 'forced to cut his two cables and run
for llamsgate Harbour, not being able to ride oat the
gale ; he states that upwards of 9.20 vessel; were on
shore at different parts of the coast."
A Court of Common Council was held at Guildhall,
Friday, when an Especial Committee was appointed
to report to the Court on the order of the House of
Commons, (in pursuance of Mr. H. Sumner's motion,)
requiring the Corporation to lay their accounts before
that house.—Mr. Woodthorpc, Jun. was appointed
Deputy Town Clerk, and Anthony Harrison, was
elected a Mdrshalman in the room of D. Cartwright,
deceased.

There will be several new candidates for the City of
Lon. A public meeting of Mr. Waitliman's friends
is advertised for Thursday next, and it is intimated that
Mr. Ala. horp intends to start on the populariaterest..
A ni.•ticn was lately made in the Legislature of
'Massachusetts, to alter, by lan), the names of the days
in the week, in consequence of their being derived from
the Mather: God. f. We are yet to learn the fate of
this motion, which only could have originated in a land
of notions.

A meeting took place Monday last, in the Grand
Jury Room, in the Castle at Oakharn, Wien a union cf
Rutland with Stamford in a Saving Bank was decided
on. The Marquis of Exeter and the Karl of Winchil-
sea are to be the joint Patrons. A subscription was
entered into, and about 1501. was immediately con-
tributed. The Earl of Winchilsea made a donetion
of 1001

An ancient law has been revives in the Electorate
of Hesse, denying to self-murderers the privilege of
burial, and delivering up their bodies for dissection, on
account of. the frequency of suicide at the_ present
time.

NAReil a

WEN' stonTil, Fee. '23.—His Serene Highness Prince
Leopold, on hearing of the melancholy death of the lute
Sir R.. Croft, immediately suspended all his favourite
amusements; and the effect produced on his mind by
the news of this melancholy catastrophe may he better
caneeived than described. We are happy in stating,
Ow, notwithstanding all tintoward circumstances, the
health of this illustrious Personage continues in an ha-
provinir state The Prince and his establishment are
expectel to occupy the King's Lodge in the costae of a
fortnight.
The Dueliess of Gloucester has been honoured with
the selecting of the wedding dresser, ornaments, &e.
for the intended nachos of Cambridge, with which a,
Hanoverian Messenger left town on Wednesday. They
are extremely elegant. The Royal Duchess (to her
credit be it spoken) hes.selectod the whole of .British
manufacture.
It is definitively arranged, that the marriage of her
Royal Ilighnass the .Princess Elizabeth, with the
Prime of Hesse Ilembourg, shall take place in Easter
week. After spending two or three weeks at Cran-
beerue Ledge, which is preparing :for their reception,
the Royal couple will proceed directly to Hamhurgh,
thronge France, by way of Calais. Lady Campbeil
and Lady Elizebeth Montague will have the honour of
attending her /leyal Highness ye the joerney, and Sir
I lorry Campbell will Also be of the party.
Monday being the Duchess of Cumberland's birihe
day, the same was obscrved in the morning by the
King's Guards, at St. James's l'Aliree, with military
honours, &c. In the evening, the Duke and Duchess
gave a greed dinner upon the occasion to the Prince
of Ileese Ilembeerg, and a select party.
Report says, that a coefe.reece wok play between an
illustrious Duke and Ministers on the subject of his
wished-for matrimonial alliance; when the objeetions
of the conllential adeisers of the Prince Regent to the
Royal Duke's marriage with a subject of the Crown,
were frankly stated. It is added that his Royal High-
tree; required come time to give his definitive answer,
whether he would persist in putting the entry on the
honks of the Privy Council, areording to the provision
in the statute, where previous assent was withheld.
Miss Wykehem's father was twice married ; she and
her brother were by the first marriage. Her brother
died young, and Nli,s Wykehren had .a long Chancery
suit with her uncle, Philip Wykeham, Esq. which was
finally decided in her favour by the present Lord
Chancellor. Her father's second wife is now married
to a farmer, near Banbury, and has an annuity of SA.
a year from the Theme estate. Miss Wykeham &HA:*
in field sports, .and has recently got the name of i/izis
Wy4ehani.
The Court will go' into mourning on Sunday, (this
clay) for his %jetty the late King of Sweden
The new Queen of Sweden appears to wish to re-
main incogn;to ; she lives at Paris under the name et
the Countess of Gruhland.
The carriage of the Prince of Hesse Hombourg
was actually lost, for a time, during the huric,nc act
Wednesday night. .When the servants went to put
the horses to, at the time appointed, to take his Serene
Highness from Almack's, they were thrown into con-
siderable alarm at finding it removed from its station in
the King's Mews, and it was sometime before it was
discovered in an obscure corner, at the bottom of the
Mews, near Cockspur-street. The wind had blown it
a distance of nearly :200 yards.
Election contests generally produce references to fa-
mily matter. Thus, it h new stated, that the family
of the present Earl of •Lonsdale have been settled in
Westmoreland ever since the year 840. Sir Joizn
Lowther, one of the ancestors of the -present FAti, repro..
seated that county in Parliament in 1624. The Bra-age
been .estates were purchased Of the Bird family, the
latter end of the seventeenth century, by Commissioner
Brougham, who entailed them upon his four nephews,
from The youngest of which the present Mr. Brougham
is deccenaed.
In the neighbourhood of Maidstone several of the
largest tan yrrds have been given up in consequence of
the Leather Tax.
ANT:QUITJES.—My)ut three weeks ago seem men, in
the employ of Sir W. Hicks, Bart. while digging up
the root of an old ash tree, at Cooper's-hill, about four
miles from Gloucester; struck on a larc stone ; and on
removing it they discovered a flight of steps leading to
an apartment, in the centre of which avers a cistern
• about a yard square : in cleaning the roam the Finn;
Of a buffalo and a bullock, with horns, and the remains
of a fire place, with a quantity of weed ashes, were
• likewise found. Last week flair more apartments were
discovered ; in one of which is a very curious tesselat.
t-d pavement, also the remains of several urns and
figured tides of. Roman pottery. walls of one of
ti.e apartment:; and also the passages, arc painted in
,fresco, with alternate stripes of purple, yellow and
scarlet, ail of' which are beautifully shaded, and curious-
ly ornamented with scrolls, and a border.
Mr. Henry Mellish, of Chichester, has now in his
possession a bantam sow which he bred himself, and
that.has produced him in seven farrows, the unparallel-
ed number of one hundred and sixty-six pigs, viz. 22,
21, 25, 26, 2.5, 27, 20. This far.ile animal is remark.
..ably handsome, and is supposed to weigh IC,`ostoise,

ARON S

Ii.:ONAPARTES REPLY TO LORD D.l.

THURSI"S SPEECH.

It was to be expected th.tt when the report of the &-
bate on Lord Holland's motion in March last should
come to the knoviijdgle of Buonteparte, he would either
be ashamed or anqry at finding his veracityso pointedly
impugned by a BritiSh minister. He has undertaken
to vindicate hituselti. and to retort the charge of misre-
presentation on those who alledged it against hint. A
manuscript has fhotia its way to this country from St.
Heleua, entitled " Observations on Lord Bathurst's
speech in the Honse of Peers on the 18th of March,
1317." These otservations are Gtated to have been
written in the early part of last June ; and they are
preeeded by a sort of imprimatur, dated Longwood,
Or!' October, 1817, and signed " Naro!con,' in which
vpoloves of them, and desires that t',c'y ,nny be seen
1w the Sovereign and the people of England. I'l' re
is a memorandum prefixed in the hand-writing of Ili's-
tranl, purporting that they (the original of this dupli-
.:•at.!, it may be tuferred) were sent .-ealecl to stSir?lital-
son Lowe, to the address of Lord-Liverpool, on the
7tl of that month. A large appendix of official papers
is subjoined, containing copies of the restrictions made
by the present Governor of St. tleietia, Sir Huds:m
Lowe, and sonic letters of a correspondence between
that officer and the persons acting as Secretaries to
Bubnaparte.
As he appeals to:tbe Sovereign and people of Eng-
land through the medium of the press, it is consistent
ssith English fair;acaling, particularly toward a muslin
captivity, that be should have the udvantsce to such
an app,:d. The manuscript is now
.published
in English ; and the following is a short account
,:f it : _ _

The observations are written in the manner of those
;o:nments on the speeches from the British Throne,
which occasionally appw.red in the Monitcur, while
liaonaparte was ruler of France. They are desultory
and .atrapt. like most of his proclamations and ha-
rangues He tales ()effusion in the outset to protest
against the Bill in Parliament of the 11th April, 1816,
which he calls an act of prescription similar to those of
Sylla. lie denies the authority of the British Furlia-
merat tc piaci, him at the disposal of ministers, and to
.irivest them with the right of placing. him under re-
strictions. Ile denies tle:ir power of delegating that
. right, and then proceeds to argue against the restrictions
themselves—uarnely, the detention at St. Helena ;
• the name imposed of Gcneral Buonaparte ; the prohi-
bition of going abaoad on the island unless aecompus•
.vied. by a British officer ; and lastly, the ulilif2,-ation of
having ail letters which he may write or rereive opened
and examined by the Britiilt authorities. He quotes
in succession the principal statuments in .Lord Ba-
thurst's speech respecting the treatment to which he is
subjected at St. Ilelcoa, and severaliy contradicts them
in very round terms, entering ranch into detail occa-
sionally, and execrating the conduct of Sir Hudson
Lowe, as capricious and cruel in the extreme degree.
These arguments and des:Lunation:4 are strangely
mixed up with. certain domestic disclosures respecting
his personal condition, from which it appears thathe
finds himself very .ill accommodated at . Longwood-
rouse, which ke describes as having been originally a
barn, and as situated en the most unhealthy and ex-
pissed spot on the island, destitute of water, trees,
shade and verdure. The Gus ernes, • whom he conti-
nually styles the commandant,havir.g reduced the range
criginaby allowed hint ; having tbthidden him to hold
c9uversations wit h.the inhabitants, or ge into any house;
and having also insisted that an English officer most-ac-
company him when lie.rides out ; he was discontinued
his fsvourite exercise, not having been on horseback for
eighteen months. Ender the conditions prescribed for
his cetrespendence, he will not write or receive any
'titer. Soot: is the dearness of living at St. Helena,-
. +hat the stipulated allowance .of 8,0001. a year, divided
by the number of individuals in his .establishment, will
scarcely auystint to WI per heal per. dicta, which, he
says, is " Rd:dices pay." The.flotir svasso b d lattedy,
that he did not.taste bread fiat three months. Ile has
betaken himself to a sedentary life his legs begin to
swell, and the..scurvy ha., attacked his gums. Ile de-
declares that there exists an intention to terminate his
esis.enee by agonies as, pro: carted, as to make it apiwar
:hat he died a natural rbsttli.

Vltle LANK Tim.vrite.—A. comedy in .five acts,
called the CaAVe ?j. C!eadomer, was performed, or its-
therattemnteti to be performed, at this theatre on Mon-
lay evunii.g, ihr the fiat time ; hut so wretched and
enntemptibb: was the plot and langa.i,,“-c, that the pa-
-Zi,:nce of the audience was etch:lusted bctbre the third
act, and the two last were performed in dumb show.-
The curtain feilamidst.a hideous uproar. The piece is
withdrawn.
The Lotd Mayor, on Thursday, visited the Prince
of Hesse Hombourg, and several other persons of dis-
tinction, and invited thinn to the dinner and ball at the.
Mansion IitMSZ. on Easter Monday.
Several of the Out-I)Lnc; have petitioned Parliament
for :c Repeal of the Duty on Coats coast wise, and we
nailer:A.lnd, that all the principal towns in tile maritime
di:,4-..c.tz =an '‘a eh the lame.

THE NATIONAL. REGISTriI.

'CALAMITOUS HIM

On Sunday morning, a few minute!• kdice six o'clock,
an alarm of tire was given at the }loose of Mr-
Wheakr (late Mr.Coflis), grocer,46o, Strand, corner of
liewies-court, nearly opposite Hungerford-stroet.
Shouts of " Fire !" bCcame general:from one end of
the Strand to the other, that in a few minutes after
the first alarm a sit jlt..ef the must heart rendingdo-
scription took place. :—.men and women were seen
rushing out of doom. in their night clothes, and children
actually in a smite of nudity. At the house of Mr.
‘Theatee, a sight more dreadful was witnessed ; at the-
front window, second floor,was observed Mrs.Wbeater,
with a of ;1:1 in her aria ; she leaned out of tho window,
holing the eltiM by its clothes fin. a considerable time,
endeavouring to excite the attention of perms under-
neath to catch the child. She dropped the infant, and
it fell upon the 11-ads of the crowd ; at the moment
she loosed the child, a blaze and volume of smoke
rushed through the a indow where Mrs.Whcater stood;
she was not afterwards seen, and therefore must have
fallen a victim to the flames. The child was only a'
floe month.; old, was sucking; at her breast. ,In alXott
a minute after the child dropped front-the window, one
of the shopmen of Mr. 1V heater, whose name is Tasker,
was seen at the window of the third,floor, which was
completely enveloped in fire and smoke, seeing no hopes
of relief from his perilous. situation, he threw Ithaself
out of the window ; he tell upon his head, which was
cut open, his limbs were broken, and instantly expired;
the body was carried to St. Martin's workhouse. Be-
fore it was carried from the ground, anether of Mr.
Wheater's shopmen, named Lloyd, fell upon the
pavement ; he had throw.n hims'elf out of the third floor
back window, his -fall was broke by his dropping upon
a projection, but i,e was injured, to dreadfully, that no
hopes are entertained of his recovery He was carried to.
the shop of Mr. Watts, chemist, in the neighbourhood,
who ordered the man to be takes to Westminster In-
firmary (as he could render him -no service), which was
accordingly done. At the back of the house, Mr.
Wheater was found, nearly insensible, on the ground.
He had thrown himself through a back window at the
top of the stairs on the. landing of the first floor. lie
was injured very much by the' all ; his inquiries after
his wife and child were truly distressing. His child
was shown to him ; Ids little CNA were but t, and his
head cut, though not dangerously. A neighbour had
the child to suckle it.

A great number of fire men resided in Hungerford-
street, and they were very promptly on the premises;
but no water could be got fin- three quarters of an hour ;
and the flames were communicating with the greatest
rapidity to the houses of Mr. Ashman, pawnbroker,
Mr Buckingham, brush-maker, _and Mr. Rowley, car-
ver, gilder, and picture-frame-maker. The firemen
were running from plug to plug, and no water could
be got, while the thieves were busily empioyed in plun-
dering the premises, and earryiresplf the property. Very
few of the parish constables hadl. Arrived, and one of
them sent to the Ilorse Guards, requesting some soldiers
to keep-the mob from the buildings. In about a quarter
of an hour afterwards, part of a company of the
guards arrived, .and were placed at the disposal of the-
civil authority. Propertrto a great amount has been
carried away by the thieves. The family of Mr. Ash-
man had just time to ercape front the house before it
was in a general conflagration from the cellar to the
,garret. One of the famale servants was actually drag
ged out .of the house by a constcble( Nettleton); she had
only her night clothes on, and wi4ed to put other
clothes upon her: but if she had remained a minute
longer, she must have been destroyed.
Mr. Ashman head a number of gaols in his house, se- -
yeral of which were loaded, and were heard to go oft
Two men were observed carrying off several guns from
; the premises they were pursuedr by a constable along
Piceadily, but efii.cted their eselipe. Two other persons
were stopped by an officer of Marlboroogh-street Po-
live, with .a quantity of stolen: Fzorerty.
The houses of Mr.•.Wheater„ Kr. Ashman, Mr.
Buckin.Jiam, and Mr. •Powley, were entirely destroyed
by half past eight o'clock in Sbv mornings, and all the
property (except a few trifling things which were car
tied into St. Martin's church yard)was destroyed. Tim
engines were not supplied with water until seven
o'clock .The flames entitimicd their ravages chiefly at-
the houses in./ lewits's-eourt, at the back of the. dove
six houses which were chiefly occupied by. poor persons
which were .before nine o'clock completely gutte I. The
poor occupants had but very little flux. to g..:t out of
their ilwellinxt, and therefore could save hut very 'dale
of their property. he children were carried into St.
Martin's church yard,and wrapped in blankets their
apparel havire! been consumed.
The extent of tliisaiwkl and melancholy disaster is
no' vet known; the followieg is already ascertained :
—Mrs. \Vile:Jr: was burnt to death shopman,
funned stn:geon,-lhared the same fate. Another thop-
man, named 'Talker, was killed in .leaping from the •
third {lcier window, and another, named Lloyd, is so
dreadfully injured by throwing himself from a window,
that he is not expected to live. Mr. Wheater is in a
dangerous Mate,. cod . the Chia is not expected to reco-

ver from the injuries it has received. No other pet suet
is missing. l'he vakie -of the property destroyed) is
incalculable. There is no positive proof how the tire
commenced : but it is generally stated to have been
caused in the following manner :—On every Satte•d4y,
the flue for the purpose of warming St. Martin's
is lighted, and on last Saturday night it was noticed by
the inhabitants of Church-court, and Hewitt's-court,
that the chimney of the church emitted large sparks at'
fire, some of which were carried into the air a ern: !cr-
bale distance before they were extinguished, an.l sonic
fell on the tops of the liJuses in an ignated stat,..
Mr. Whcater's statement is as follows :—1 Ic awoke
onSinulay uiorising about 6 o'clock, and found hi:: cham-
ber fill of smoke; he awoke his wife, and told her to
get up or she would be burnt to death. Ile leapod
out of bed, and ran up stairs to alarm his shop:nen ; he
aim down stairs again, and cull not see his wife and
child for the thick smoke that filled the place ; he sup.
posed that she had ran down stairs ; he attempted to go
after her,"but was prevented by the flames issuing yp
the stairs; he ran back and got to a window at the
top of the landing place, when he could go no further.
tic forced the whitlow out of his arms, and put his head
through to get air, as he was almost suffocated : as
soon as be had recovered himself a little, he found the
flames had reached his legs, which beeza to burn; lie had
time only to recommend himself to the protection of his
Maker, and threw himself through the window frame.
At 1 i o'clock on Sunday' morning the body of Mrs.
Wheater was get out of the ruins, a dreadful spectacle.
The body of the sh6pman was seen a short time after-
wards behind a chimney, between two hull burnt
pieces of timber, where it was suspended in the view
of the spectators, a most appalling sight, and was got
out its the course of the day.

BaTH.—We dread reading accounts from the coast ;
,as we fear the violence of the storm on Tuesday and
IVednesdey nights must have caused deplorable effects
among the shipping. In this city and neighbourhood,
it raged with tremendous fury, thunder, lightning,
hail, rain, and wind, successively vented auounding
horrors ; -in various parts of the city houses were par-
tially unroofed, the . vane on the Abbey tower, after
braving many a boisterous gale, was blown down ; ti
newly erected wall 130 feet in length, near the road
leading to Claverton-down, was levelled with the
ground, and the river has overflown its banks, and it is
at a very unusual height. Almost innumerable trees
have been rotted up in dells park, and some in °reit-
ardleigh park. .Fartuborouet church, we hear, was
unroofed, and two of the turrets blown down. The
Portsmouth mail was completely upset by the violence
of the wind, about three miles from Salisbury; but
though there wore six passengers, we are happy to hear
no one received the least itury.
Letexersa.—Wednesclay night was one of the most
boisterous recollected for years past : mueh.tiamage has
been sustained in this town, and many parts of the
country. Our Correspondent, at Leughbomugh, informs
us, that a severe shock of an earthquake was felt in
that town, and several of the neighbouring villages,
between the hours of one and two on Thursday morn-
ing, which, combined with the high wind, did much
damage, and entirely demolished a new-erected un-
finished Meeting-house, belonging .to a usethoductica/
sect, under the denomination of Ranieri.

LLOYD'S BEAUTIFUL DOUBLE-COVEREI)
OVAL SHAPE BEAVER II ATS, quite a new manufacture.
excelling all othent ever made on the usual plan. are far superior in
Colour and shape. which they retain to the last. and will out-wear in
any weather or climate, three of them, or the pretended patenttSsfk.
o pernicious to the head. The unqualified and increasing repu-
tation the-e Hats are daily acquiring have already cat.ctw a number
of paltry imitations to be held out to the Public. wli are positively
*scared that the Inventors and only Manufacturers of the unrivalled
and universally admired Double-tottered. Beam. Hats. on the im-
proved Oval principle, are H. and.*. LLOYD, And Cu. ,of irs.
NEritiATE SritEvr, price 255.
