JULY 22.

- .
leled fi .I..si. But the hour which was to decide this gni it struggle
has s'rucls ynd has shewn who was to give the law, wheth-r an adven-
Nter, or Governments, who are the Heeds id order. Desiia yw; s still
undt-cide'd when you appeared issuing from the fort.st whit It concealed
you loin Ore his rear with that coolites•, that firm-
ness, that cettlidetice, which characterises experict.ced sob-lice ;, resolyvd
tb avenge the reverses they had experienced two days ber..l e. There,
t ,girl as light,ting, yliti penetrated his already shaken cola ems. No-
thing could sin:. oil in the career of victory. The ettenve, in his de-
!tuned his 'winery upon you: but you poured deg all into his
Mod y..or progtess cutiscrl in them disorder, d',•pers';on, and at
I,,st t, complete rout. He found hunsell obliged to abandui .1 to you tie-
huntheela of cannon; nt si his army is dissolved.
";;ices daYs se ill seflice to annihilate these perjured le fzion., who
%erre coming to consummate the slavery and the spultatiup of the uni-
se r!.e.
" All great Commanders have regarded it as impossible !immediately
to renew the combat with a beaten allay you have pros ed that this
coiltion is ill founded ; you have proved, that resolute wat ricers may be
e'dinitiislied, but that their valour is not shaken.
" Iteceiv then, my thanks, incomparable soldiers--4 bjects of ell
toy esteem You have acquired a great reputation. The annale of
vuropr..ill eternize your triumphs. It is on you, immovable columns
of the Prussian Monarchy, that the destinies of the King:. and his nu-
gust House, will for ever repose.
" Newer will Prussia cease to exist, while your sons anal your grand.
sons resemble y ou (Signed) " BI .UCIIER."

Arx CH FE t t.r.,.TuNE ¶2.—The day before yest erday all the
fears which had been excited here by the arrival of some woonded gave
vtav tht intoxication of joy on the news of the great: victory. Ac-
caunts are
.lakt rfceived that the remains of the corps unnunanded by
VaiMantrueltas fallen into the hands of General Kleist, I via° was at Di•
1113111 before it.

N►ruua, JUNE I.4.—rwmaparte passed on the 19th, nt eleven in the
niorriri;:, through Gerpemies ; lie was accompanied by filar general of-
ficers. 11131 sump hussar,. He asked of the peasants the shortest road
to Philippe% ille he seemed melancholy and disconetirted. .The
wounded ho hoed the road cried, as they saw ildpi pass,—
There goes the 'stitcher of France. Ile perfectly heard these cries,
whir!' % ere ivpratoil as ho passed along. The 51h, 6th. find 7th corps
~r ih,. 13,,,.%;111 artily are in full march front the banks of the Rhine to
j 6., Pi ince 'Blocher ; vinve of these troops will pasi throttelt here.

...
• liti I' S3F LS, 3v N E 21..---%Vt, have jast received the news of Buono-
loutc's abdication. This • moritioz there arrived here ii large detach-
meet of French deserters of all arms, who came.to join their Mug ;
iriey all wore the %s bite cockade ; they tuade a part tit the corps of
Vandainwe.
