COURT OF EXCISE.

IMPORTANT CAUTION TO LICENSED VICTUALLERS.
—Mr. Hamer, a licensed victualler, and Mr. Burn,
respectable reet.fier, appeared upon information, charg-
ing them, the one with having received a quantity of
spirits, and the other with having sent out the same,
without any permit, whereby Mr. flamer had incurred
a penalty or gOol. for receiving, and Mr. Burn lot send-
ing out the spirits, a penalty of 5001.
It appeared that on a day laid in the information, one
of the officers of the excise, on surveying the stock of
the victualler, disco% ered an increase ot• front eighty to
ninety gallons, whien was uticccounted for by any per-
' wits, and he seized it. It came out in the course of the
interrogatories put by the officer, that Mr. 'lamer had
received the spirits front Mr.liorii fur the accommodation
in some way or another, of that firm, without a pertain.
—Anti upon a Wither investigation it appeared that 162
gallons had been sent ant without ally permit with it,
anti that a permit fur 50 gallons only was afterwards sent
10 cover the but it SO happened that the sur-
veyitig officer surveyed the stock h•ttnediately after the
lfull.letioll, and too soon for the increase to be got rid
of, when he seized it, as before stated.
(loth defendants pleaded guilty to the facts charged,
hilt denied that the slightest frauds had been cutuustited
*sr intended.
Mr. Born said, that the whole had been done wit houe•
his knowledge or consent by a servant, to cover some. •
blunders.

Blyer, the managing clerk of the establishment,- •
%v as cslied, and he deposed to the elf.ct that, in cons*.
quenee of some error which mast have arisen in tatting
stock, ha found a suildeta increase on their hands, about•
winch he was greatly embarrassed.—W hen Mr. Hamer.
who dealt with them, cause to order some git!,. its order
to get rid of the increase the Willit'SS induced Mr. Milner •
to accommodate him by taking. Ifia gallons. with a per.
tuft only lin but, trusting that at, would have decreased
below that quantity bt fore the surveyor should go to takes
the dip, and that without Mr. Burn's knowledge.
Mr. Hamer declared, that he had taken the spirits •
without a full permit solely for the accomtuodation of
Mr. Burn.

The court could permit no tradesman to give another
an oppurtuuity of committing a fraud, 'Ur by receiving
we spirits without a permit. Mr. Hauser had given to •
toe other defendant a credit for IOU pilaus, which might •
have been fraudulently used.
Mr. Hamer said lie had no choice but to oblige the
other defendant, for he could not have douse without on
the emergency, or have obtained it any oilier spirit deal-
er, as the spirit was of a peculiar flavour.
The court censured Air. Hauler fur lending himself to -
a transaction which, for any thing that lie knew to the
contrary, might have beets a fraudulent one. There was •
nu no fl:ction on, or impeachment of, the respectable
character of Mr. Burn : but it should go forth that ail
tradesmen under the survey of the excise are hound to
look to, and must be answerable for, the acts of their
it:leant% and that no irregularity of criminal negligence
on the part of the latter wsuld pin unputiodted because it
was wutout the knowledge of the employer. The court
therefore convicted Mr. Burn in the penulty of fool. rind
Mr. Hamer, the licensed victualler, for receiving the
spirits without a permit, in the penalty of VOI. aUJ ine
forfeiture of the whole of the spirits seised.

Oa 'Friday night about half-past nine o'clock, the
Grand Jury brought into Court the remnant of bills
timnd against .rimers to be tried during the pre-
sent sessions. Tile Recorder intirined them that
their steady attention and cool deliberation entitlett
them to the thanks of the country, They were dawn
discharged.

•

• I,9olitdcript-

LONDON. MONDAY, JULY 8.
Three o'clock, p.m.

The Paris Papers of Friday last contain accounts
'from Vienna of the 'lBth ult., confiro4ittr, the irtel-
ligence previously received of the atrocities com-
mitted by the Turks at Salo. in that unfortunate
island, the number of Christians murdered, sent into
slavery, anti ruined, is estimated at 40,000 persons,
and the cause of the Greeks in other places is consi-
dered hopeless, if the European Powers do not in-
terfere, to protect them against the merciless barba-
rians, by whom they are persecuted with fire and
the sword. The following are extracts:—.
VTENNA, JUNE 28.—The horrible scenes which
are poising in Greece cannot be doubted, since many
of the unfortunate victims who escaped the steel of
the Mussulinans have arrived amongst us.
Letters from Trieste, dated June 19, amongst
other passages, contain the following:—" We have
now seen the arrival of 150 fugitives, mostly women
and children. Tke cruelties at Scio have placed them
-in the most desolate situation. They report that the
villages which cultivate mastic have been spared."
Letters from Ohs a announce, that Russia will
not consent to the tot.J evacuation of Wallachia and
Moldavia. The total absence of Russian troops in
the neighbourhood of those provinces would occa-
sion new troubles. The following was written from
Bucharest on the Bth of June:—There has been no
els.nge here. The commencement of the lievrani,
when the !klitssulmen exercise piety, renders war-
like operations almost impos:ible.
IdamvuncH, JUNE 2.l.—The Correspondent pub-
lishes this day, under the head of Vienna, June 5,
the copy of a note, addressed by the Porte to Lord
Strangfiird. the 18th of April last. The note con.-
tains a declaration from the Sublime Porte, in answer
to an effielul communication from Lord Strangford,
that it has always been anxious to maintain peace
and amity with Russia, and contribute to the peace
of the world.
The Edso du Midi, of the Qttlt June, .contains
the following news front Spain:—
,1 column of 5000 Royalists has entered Pitycerda.
ties. Pull, shut up in the fill:, of tied and Urged by
the Constitutionnets, has been relieved by the Roy-
alists, and it is generally understood that he is to be
ut the head of the army.
A Private letter from Bourg Madame, of the
of-June, gives the following details:—
The Royalists enjoy their trium As The taking of
the forts of S::o and Urgel is an affair of the greatest
importance. It gives the Trappists possession of all
Spanish Cordague. This conquest, joined to that of
Ripull, which is the manufa:•tory of arms for Cata-
loiiia, secures to the 11-fenders of the Faith vast re-
sources, in munitions and arms of all sorts; it
.enables them tu.make new and able movements, and
to arm the numerous Royalists who are ready to join
them.

Its Royal 1-IHiness the Duke of So' k, we un-
-lerst and, has made over his estate at Oatlands, with
the growing crops, &c. to trustees. for the payment
otitis debts The Trustees are the Earl of Lauder-
and Col. Stephenson. By terms of the arrange-
ment, all debts nut exceeding 501 are to be paid
immediately in full. We can find no feelings but
those of contempt and abhorrence for a man, who,
trig: an incoming' more than 50,0001 a year, can'
allow executions to be constantly out against him
at the suit of tradesmen, who tiEe absolutely ruined
Ly his delay of payment.
.0o Saturday morning lust, aka eleven o'clock,
241 r. Davenport, proprietor of the extensive glass and
china warehouse, at the corner of Salisbury-square,
dropped down dead. Erery effort to restore him
was ineffectual.

Nothing would tend more to the improvement of
malt liquor than the total repeal of the malt duty.
TLe rigour of the system of excise is such, that
masters are under the necessity of departing from
the old manner of malting, end the produce is nei-
ther so whole,ome nor so good as it would be, if it
were not subject to the detrimental regulations of
the excise. People who brew their own beer arc
surprised that it is not so good nor so palatable as it
was formerly, which is owing, no doubt, to the
malt, which would be infinitely superior if it were
not tinder the exc:ra. _ _

1 he Prihce Leopold, of 180 tons, is now loading
in the river with cannon, muskets, shells, ball,
powder, gad every implement of war, by order of
the agent Puha of Egypt, and is bound direct fUr
A lexam!ria.

1 he herd of rein deer brought from Lapland by
Nil-. Bullock have been purchased by Sir William
,Ni‘Ntil:tm, fur the purpose of introducing the breed
ui tutu us,,ful auin i iutu Ireland.
