POLITICAL DISQUISITION.
SECOND REVOLUTION IN SPAIN.

~::;\

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1815.

PRICE 9!d.

invest him with constitutional power. now frail is hope,
even the hope of nations ! Ferdinand appeared, and all
Spain shrunk back at the aspect• of a tyrant, who
only seized the sceptre to dash in pieces the con-
stitution, the firmest pillar of his throne. The idols
of superstition replaced the banners of freedom.—
The gloom of dungeons swallowed up the patriotic
and the brave. The fires of the Inquisition devoured
the liberal and the enlightened. The joy of the
land was turned into mourning, and. desolation scarcely
dared to sigh, under the pressure of the iron rod.

Months passed, but hope did not revive. Arbitrary ar-
rests, iniquitous judgments, religious persecutions and un-
just condemnations, proved that tyranny was the ruling
system, not the occasional error, of Ferdinand. Had Na-
poleon conquered Spain, and in his vengeance laid her
waste, her punishment could not have been more terrible
than the reward which she received for her patriotism and
loyalty. Bat the hour of endurance is fled. A glorious
light once more breaks upon ber sufferings, and the na-
tion which could smite the Invader in his strength, whilst
the Continent sunk unresisting at his feet, or sent forth
all its armies in his train, will no longer bear the weight
and ravages of internal and intoxicated despotism. Free-
dom has once more taken her stand on the Peninsula.
From her western mountains, she calls her hardy sons to
rise, and "to break the chains of the most fatal slavery
" that has ever been known." These are not wild words,
used by designing intriguers to mislead and to destroy.
They are spoken by a veteran in the cause of Spanish in-
dependence, who has sealed the truth of his professions
by repeated triumphs over the enemies of his country.
The oppressions of the French roused him to arms, which
he often reddened with their blood, and only laid down,
when the return of Ferdinand promised days of peace and
of prosperity to Spain. Ile knows the evils of slavery,
which he fought for so many years to remove. from the
bosom of his country. Ile has contributed to punish the
audacious foreigner by whom they were introduced, and
he will not suffer them to be implanted on a soil Iw-
dewed with the blood of heroes, even Ly the hand
of a Spanish King. His experience will gain him
creidt, and his valour success. The gallant spirits
.w.bo mourned, will now fight, for their country. The

••
