•

THE NATION,.. REGISTER

of oppression—did they forget that 1177--
religion was blasphemy ? that the found '.was the established
pat to death on the very same charge ? Le f our religion was
opposite say what they please, no real christe bon. gentlemen
suehcrimiurl prosecutions for 'engines opinion. would justify
General had no case; and like lawyers in seegflie Attorney
wanted is argument, he had In make up in eeeik,that
,lie
lacy." The prosecutions here were fur opinions—laws (multi
only to have to do whit hamsu actions ; and it was the basest
of slavery to compel men to stifle the opinions that honestly
arose is their minds. lie strongly condemned the continued
imprisonment al Mary Carlile to work out the fine ; it nes ty-
rannical cod severe in the extreme.
After some remarks front Mr. Willwrforce, &c. the petition
was ordered to be printed.
. Lord A. HAMILTON obtained leave to bring iu a bill to
abolish the inferior consistory courts in Scotland.
ADJOURNMLNT.—Mr. CANNING gave notice, that lie
should tomorrow move, that the House at its rising du adjourn
for a fortnight.
The other orders were disposed of sail the House adjouroed.

111111 t DAY, MARCH 27.
Mr. F. LEWIS, presented the bill to amend the Central
Turnpike Act. He bad, he said. received mans' su4goitions
on the wihject, and he bad attended to as wavy of thew as he
',contd.—Read a first time, and oid•.red to be
Sir J. GRAIIAM presenteti a petition bow Mary-le-bore
against the Cost Onties.
Mr. CUB :'C.. Itserced. that the coals more particularly
alluded to, coin nut allind to pay the duly, na it was expen-

WK. OM it wNlab. its* Ireland to repent
sorb duty.
Mr. PIIILIA PS observed, that the article in gnestion was
of great consequence to the comforts, in nattily instances, to the
hate of individuals ; and he therefore hoped that this world be
the fleet tax taken Mr in any future repeals.
After some remarks front Newport, &c. the petition
war ordered to be printed.
SirJ.GRAHANI presented a similar petition from the Poor
Directors of Pancras. He said the petitioners prayed for it
total repeal 4.f the Impolitic duty ; w partial repeal would be no
use. Petition ordered to be printed.
Sir R. WILSON presented a petition from a certain portion
of his Constituents in favour of the proposed measure fur die
Abolition of Slavery throughout the British dominions. rut bad
been abolished in en exemplary manner in Colombia, sod in
St. Domingo they beheld the Blacks elereising all the ri ,Ida 4.1
government and of free men; and ()mild (hone examples be lost
on the black population of the \Vest hulks.
Mr. BRIGHT said, ,hat h.d been slated in the pamphlet
and by Mr. Cowper, a Missionary, was overcharged. Ile
slatted that the black population was better and tome religi •
nerdy educated.
Air. CANNING was RaSlOll5 that the dissuasion should clove,
*it could not at the present moment lead In tiny practical be-
liefita.—lle had occur opposed any amelioration, and should
not ; but they would recollect, that a tunic must come soon,
when the gneation was to lie regularly brought forward.
Sir It. W i'L,SON said, be had brui.,lit forward tic subject
I now thus decidedly, because twe year,. ugo they had been led
to believe that the Goverment would adopt wing, measure to
I release those slaves that were under the mettroul of govern-
merit. That had not been done, and no illusion bad been made
to it. Petition (ordered to he printed.
Mr. lIU'tIE gave moicc, that April lit lie should move for
Returns of Crown Debtors, and version confmed for con•
tempt.
Mr. C4NNING moved; that the house at its mining do ad-
journ to Ibis day fortnight.
Lord A. HAMILTON complained of so long an adjournment
being proposed, but lie should move as an amendment, that the
adjournment he till Alotiouy week. lit the resod slate of
Europe, lie threight such an adjourduient •mueli too long.--
There had been great fro bearance towards the goverionent, and
bud it been properly returned they would hare had the papers
regarding the curreapoudense befure them to consider during
the recess ; but it would now ho three weeks at least before
such important question could be discussed. Tile right bun.
untleinati had :it various times been complimented, but in such
compliments he had taken no part. As yet he had seen no
changes of policy to warrant such compliments. They had
seen the confederated Sovereigns assembled in Europe- they
had beheld the Holy Alliance, which in itself was a nuisance,
meeting ; and as dome parties were *gala stirring up commo-
' lion, what had the Eiglish Ministers done to counteract such
parties, to merit compliment ? Thu ins scion of Naples had
been justified by the present Home Secretary. Sicily had been
abanduned as well as Genoa ; stud what had the same ministers,
or nearly the same ministers, done, according In all proof, to
merit compliment? The Foreign Secretary, when compli •
mewed for some *opposed changes of policy, the compliment
was disclaimed by the right boa. gentleman, who said that he
was only acting in accordance mitts a doeumeut which he tourist
in Iris °Dice. lle then should like to know in what character
we bad attended tie Congresses ; were we. or nut, party to
that nuisance the 11143 Alliance? The treaties that esisleti
placed us in a most remarkable silualiun. 111 the eveut of in-
surrectionary mot cutouts in France, or the establishing of a
Regency in tic., name of the Yount; Napoleon, ,'either an im-
possible nor aii unnatural et ent, alter the Fa ench Ministers had
stirred tip ineurrectiott aod raised a Regency in Spells, we were
to kill the Allies ; our the other hand, stlionld Portugal be in-
vaded, we mere to u'd our old allies the Portuguese. Then it
was important to know whether 'England wee party to the holy
Alliance' He saw little hope of security, so long as the con-
y of kings against the freedom of all Stales was en•
tiered ; autl had he ii. .0 for a war, er (lie invasion of Spain,
be would toot have held his femme thus long, being persuaded
that a word from Eoglaud ',mild have prevented the invasion
of Spain. Hu could assure the tight honourable gentleman,
that any lunge lie might have received in the house, or any
pnpulruity ht• might have gained nit of the House, err silted
from the persuaeien that his coed let respecting foreign all sirs
I.ad been the contrast of that of his noble predecessor. The
iavaatun of Naples was au act of atrocity, that of Spain of de,
aided injustice—and lie feared that all was idle result of our
sanctioning, the Holy Alliance during Ow last live years. Ile
concluded with moving an amendment, that the house at its
rising. do adjourn to Monday week.
Alr. MAC DON ALI) supported• the amendment.—When a
Prince of the House of Bourbon Mel set himself at the head of
divers baggage waggons, a retinue, and dome slaty thouitand
armed mein, ass ;Mout to invade Spain, and est the throats of
free and unoliending men, they were to adjourn for an unusually
Lang period. Ile could assure the noose, however. that the
country had little anxiety about the correapondesice, since our
power had been laughed at, since all our efforts to 'lecture peace
had been vein. Was it not humiliating to contemplate such
fact, after we bad protected the Boartions, and after we had
ap• et VW millions to restore that family ? Was it rot de-
grading to view the sad GUIIitAUCLIGeII of our co-operation with

• .•

the Continental Alliance(? It' had further been turuoured brat
our ministers bad advised Spain to make conaeasions, but Spain
had appeared resolved to bury itself amidst the ruins of its
berties rather than submit to foreign dictation respecting its•io-
internal concerns. All therm 'starters wade it important that
the truth, however humiliating, %horrid he told—that the facts
should he laid before the world, to show whether the course
A„,g,pnd had pursued was such as might have been ccpected.
•,,ghillties of ISIS, &c. lie thought a wrong construe-
the natural esitthie;4llel".; he thought they had refereme to
the badness of lionaparte's f.j.li;:t!`cei4l4l!l'. onht the g
as Bonaparte lived, any member or ors ram
• •la that, so Wogf
round o
7.rorld only be a
puppet in the lianas of Bonaparte ; hut di- any ma. dream if,,,t
the alliance was to continue
bases of the treaties were '• the prevention of unjust inves•oll„,
the inaintetraece of independent councils, and the continuum.-
of the peace of Europe." flre hun, member then read S.
note pieseatel by the Allied Powers and Lord Londonderry to
the Duke of Richelieu. If the consery tors of the peace..
France were the hands to lire the torch, did not such conduct
put an end to all compacts t The hoatility was not aroused
by Bonaparte, or his family ; though the spirit of Bonapas In
was at work without any part •rif his greatness. If we how-
ever could out varied to aid Spain, never let us expend one
lartliing to support oppressive rms. Our naiiisters, after
touch shifting about had 'wreaked out the word neutrality : but
what tight had the armed fanatics of France to pledged neu-
trality fruits England t We had ground for war—hut it was
a questiou whether it woultliiot le prurient to cutler the French
fanatics to wear themselves out ? Uwe could not afford to go
to war it became as to say as notch ; but the hearts and the
prayers of the people were with Si situ, and against unmasked
oppression.. They were against those incurable men whose
desperate reeds es threatened the peace of Europe. lie *mild
support any amendment that lessened the duration o; lime
adjournment.
Mr. CANNING expressed his reluctanca to be drawn into
premature discussion. Till this day silence had beer main-
tained, etcept the putting or some quicklime. As to questions
' which he had before answered, he bad no resource but to be
silent, or to answer on the dry matter of fact. The treaties
he considered, guaranteed the crown of Fiance against the
hoirily of Buonaparte ; and provided, in the case of insurrec-
tion, the aides should consult :mil concert. lie read several
extracts to confirm such to be the principle of the treaties,.
The smendruent was negatived without a division, and the
unction carried.
On bringing up of the report respecting the statues of Lord •
St. Vincent and Lord Duetee.
Mr. Ill'llE condemned the rapacicas and extraordinary
charges made for • view of the urontnents, iu West-
minster Abbey.—Agreed
Tire Beer Bill went through a committee.
Mr. BLItNAIs asked whether the new beer shop windows
were to be exempted from the assessed taxes: and Sdly, whe-
ther the proprietois of the new beer shops were to be liable to
the trilletting of soldiers?
Mr. LUSHIN.NON answered both questions in the ne-
gative.
Report ordered to Le taken. into further consideration the
ilium
The remaining orders having been disposed of, the House
adjourned to Ttruraday week.

FROM TUESDAY NIGII7"S GAZETTE.
CROWN OFFICE, MARCH 25.
MEMBERS returned to serve in this present PAR LI A NI ENT.
Borough of Corfu Castle.—John Bond, jun. in the motet
of Geo. Biulkes, Esq. who hits asteepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
Bolough of Newport, Coto wall.—Junailuoi Benne, of Bedford
Row, Muldlesex,

ISA N K RITPTC Y ENLARGED.
A. Thommn, I Averpool, merchant. Er tot April 1 to April 12.
BANKRUPTCY SUPF lISEDEI).
W. Jonm, Handsworth, Staftitrdithire, fanner.
BANKRUPTS.
•
J. Carpenter, Wellington, Surnersetabire, banker. Solicitor,
Mr. reunion. Temple.
J. Colvin, Abelnuch Lane. merchant. Sols. Dttwbta. Lane
and Co. Lawrence Pountney Lane.
I). Graham, Lothbury, cotton manufacturer. Sol. Mr. La-v-
-ledge, Temple Chambers, Fleet Su eet.
.1. anti H. Bird, Poultry. jo.ellers. Solt. 'Messrs. Kearacy
and Co. Lothlutry.
M. Barry, 51inories, chart seller. SuL Mr. Thomas, Feu
Court, Fencliorch
DIVIDENDS.
Aprills, W. Reynolds. tared the ship Orient, muter mariner
—I 3, .1. S. Smith, Brightlielinstone. druggist-15. .1. White—
brook, Chester, bitnemaker-15, L. Gerrard, Old Caventlibn
Street, MaryLbone, millirou —l5, It. Lee, Great Winchester
Street, under writer-15. J. James, Wood Street. Cheapside, rea
dealer-19, T., otherwise T. G., and I Asquith. Bermondsey.
and T. New Kent Ruud, ship os ner—ii, F. Fisher.
jun. Leicester Square, burgeon dentist-12, E• Brown. Friday
Street, corn tlealer—lft, J. Linsley, jun. I.tasts,inercliant-5, I ).
.lernayn, Great Yarmouth, merchant —l5, J. Enoch, Birm ing—
' hunt. 'Push mutter-15,.1. 541. de Qoirrar, Size 'Arm. merchant
—lb, W. ILker, Sussex, blacksuritli--I 7, W. 11.
Tiervey, Punter, brewer—VA °emirs, Lords Lane,
ncr Sytlenhum, stockbroker-17, G. C. Staples,hip Hali fax.
woolstapler-14, W. Barraston, Worcester, hop merchant-49.
s. Hardwick, Birmingham, bulkier-1;i, G. Biannual', Sid—
merchant.
CERTII7ICATi:S to be granted Apia 15.
A. Shield, High Street, Wapping, baker—C. R. Garlderer,
Lime Street Square, insurance broker—J. I laugliton, Liverpool,
in. reliant--H. Gtbbohs, Isitugton, dealer.

THE GUN TnAni:.—'Thu workmen of Bitming•
ham in every branch of this important trade arc now
dully and actively (though it is feared temporarily)
employed. Tic deoiands for an increase of wages aro,
yet matter of dispute; some advance, we belieY4.4,
has been already mink. Meetings have been held
by the master:: on the snlj,:et, and much r...ur is yet
entertained by them that orders will find their way
to other countries if the men persist in their de-
mands. Lists of prices have been sent by the ma--
ten to agents in various pals of Europe, and front
the bilence maintained by the greater via of thug:
agents, it is expected that the prices stated may
possibly be thought too high.
ACT.The Marriage Act Repeal Bill
received the royal assent on Thursday, and mar-
riages will now be solemnized aceorthng to the oid
law of martiage.
•

ti
