•

4

.

• WAMMM+• • 4•4111•5•0'

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.

CROWN OFFICE, Ans. 11.
MEMBER returned to serve in this present PARLIAMENT.
Kin' County.—The Hon. Wm. Parsons. commonly called
Lord Oxmantown, in the room of Wm. Parsons, Es 9. who has
accepted the office of a Judge of the Insolvent Court an Ireland.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
C. Rist, Cornhill, auctioneer, from Aug 18 to Aug. 48.
BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
W. Holding, Devonshire Street,Queen Square, wine merchant.
J. Richardson, Manchester, joiner.
BANKRUPTS.
R. Baggeley and T. Taylor, Lane Delph, Staffordshire. chins
and earthenware dealer. Solicitors, Messrs. Tooke and Carr,
Gray's Ina.
T. Goadby, Warwick, plumber. Sob. Messrs. Bourdillon
and Co. Bread Street, Cheapside.
M. Roberts. Manchester, grocer. Sol. Mr. Norris, John
Street. Bedford Row.
S. Couchman, Canterbury, grocer. Sols. Messrs. Powrudl and
Co. Old Jewry.
A. Sehmaeck, Bury Street, St. Mary Axe, merchant. Sol.
Mr. Thomas. Fenchurch Street.
C. F. Connor, Peckham, Surrey, soap maker. Sol. Mr.
Hunter, Great James Streetßedford Row.
T. Clay, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, grocer. Sols. Messrs.
H.annam and Son. Buford.
A. Boyd, White Horse Street. Commercial Road, master
mariner. Sol. Mr. Lewis, Crutchedfriars.
J. Lynch, Liverpool, merchant. Sol, Mr. Bettye, Chancery
Lane.
J. Stanton, Worcester, coal and timber merchant. Sol. Mr.
Burt, Gracechurch Street.
J. Cracklen,jun. Enfield Wash, Middlesex. fanner. Sol. Mr.
James, Bucklersbury.
J. Pickles, Keighley, Yorkshire, coin dealer. Sob. Messrs.
Dawson and Co. Chancery Lane.
DIVIDENDS.
August 18. G. Rootser, Tooley Street, butcher-41, J. Pitt,
Cirencester, Gloucestershire, woolstapler—t 4. A. Richardson,
York Street, Marylebone, and T. Welch, Cleveland Street,
builders—is, S. Humphreys, Charlotte Street, Portland Place,
merchant—Sept. 11. J. B. Iludson,Old City Chambers, merchant
3. E. Treharne, Llantidarog. Cannarthenshirc, dealer-4, W.
and F. Devey, Albion Coal Wharf, Surrey, coal merchants-7,
E. Crowe, Wymondliam, Norfolk, shopkeeper-3. R. Franke.
Newark upon Trent, Nottinghamshire, miller—I. T. Johnson,
Wakefield, Yorkshire. merchant-4, A. Archer, Great Chapel
Street, Soho, baker—ll, C. Beruecker, Birmingham, merchant
-43, S. Atkinson. Newcastle upon Tync, insurance broker.
CERTIFICATFS to be granted Sept. 4.
W. L. Lott, Llandilo, Carmarthenshire. druggist—T.Thack •
ray and R. Bottrell, Greenwich, linen drapers—G. Mynett and
J. Pugh, Stroud, Gloucestershire, cabinet makers—J. Thomas.
Osweatry, Salop, mercer—H. W. Sealy, S•amfonl, upholsterer
—G. Booth, Abbots Bromley, Stafthrdshire, farmer—E. Bury,
Liverpool, merchant—T. Nicholls. Birmingham, dealer—R.
Cross, Bridlington, York, druggist.

COURSE OF EXi
Amsterdam, 12 In C. F.
Ditto, at sight, 12 15
Rotterdam, 12 19
Antwerp, 12 11
Haniburgh, 98 10
Anoint, 3S 11
Paris, 3 days' sight, 25 65
Ditto, 2G 20
Boni-deans, 2G 20
Frankfort on the Maine,ls9
Peteri.borgli, 81 U.
Vienna, Ef. Flo. 10 29
Trieste, Ef. Flo. 10 28
Madrid, 36—Cadiz, 351
Rilboa, 35 i—Barcelona, 35

PRICE OA

;HANGE, AVG. 10.
Seville, 354—Gibraltar,301
Leghorn, 47—Genoa, 43i
Malta, 15—Venire, 47 60
Naples, 39i—Lisbon, 50
Oporto, 50—Bahia, 59
RioJaueiro, 49
Palermo, 116
Dublin, 9i per cent.
Corl,, 9 pt r cent.
Foreign gold in bars,3l. 17a.
100. per oz.
Nog Donhhiong,
New Dollar 4, 4g. Oid.
Silver in Lai g,standard, 46.
160.

Bank Stork 232
3:per Cent. Red.
3 per Cent. Consols 73j
31 per Cent.
4 per Ceiit. 951
.5 per Ceat. Nave 1081
Lone Anti. 19 9-16

STOCKS.
0 ))))) iiim 0.
Imp. 3 per Cent.
India Bonds 59
Itnna Stock 232
Exchequer ss. prem.
Cons. or Ac. 751
Lottery 'ticket%

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

London :
SUNDAY, ♦UGUST 12.

More than twenty-five years of the most unre-
mitted and unequalled persecution has at last had
the desired effect, and our beloved Queen has sunk
under trials which she had sustained with a dignity
and nobleness that made even her cold-blooded, sys-
tematic, soul-less enemies, sometimes pause, to ad-
mire their devoted victim. The Indians know a
poison, whose effects are so slow, that many years
may intervene between the administering and the
fatal issue; but that does not lessen the crime, or
change the proper name of the MURDER ; and in the
instance of her Majesty, it would have been mercy
to have afforded the Coup de Grace, at the com-
mencement of the plots and insults to which she
has, in the end, yielded herself a sainted martyr—but
• tier virtues

Will plead like Angela, trumpet-tongued
Agaimt the deep damnation of her taking off;
And Pity like a naked new-born babe
Striding the blast, or Fleaven's Cherubim
Horsed on the sightless Couriers of the Air,
Shall blow the horrid deed in every eye
Till sorrow drown the ~hi."

The benignity of her nature shewed itself at the
conclusion (if her life perhaps more brilliantly than
at any other part of it—she was well aware of her
approaching end, and appeared convinced, from the
beginning of her illness, that its termination would
be fatal;—she repeatedly declared that, though sa-

1

THE NATI'

crificed to their infamous michinations, a. felt no
resentment towards her enetnies; and Ming the
sister of Dsmosur to her bed-side, desired her to
communicate to her that with her dying breath she
forgave her—as in a recent instance, so in the pre-
sent case, she alone, who was the cause of the most
poignant fears and anxiety in the brea4 of every one
around her, was calm, collected, and resigned—
though mitred hypocrisy was not present to perform
the duties of religion towards her, she died more like
a true Christian than many a King who may here-
after have a time-serving Archbishop of Canterbury
to pray by him. She is no more—and thousands,
when they learn that fact, will ejaculate—" Peace
to her soul—May my last end be like hers."—
Whether it may please the policy of his Majesty's
Government or not to order a " general mourning"
for her, we do not know, but we doubt not the
mourning will be general, and dictated by a feeling
at least as honourable to the deceased as that which
was assumed on the demise of her predecessor.

By the following letter, received yesterday
from Holyhead, it appears that the King has re-
ceived the intelligence of the Queen's dissolution.

" Holyhead. Thursday Evening, Six o'Clock.
The King's messenger has brought the melancholy
intelli-
gene= of her Majesty's dissolution.
*. His Majiaty's yacht is now preparing to get out of harbour.
The wind continues westerly, but the agitation of the sea has
abated. It is understood to be the King's intention to sail with
the first wind for Dublin, but to land in the roast private asaisner
possible . It is further said that his Majesty, on his arrival in
Ireland, will repair immediately to the Phenix Park, near •
Dublm, where he will remain private until after her Majesty's
funeral.
" Lord Liverpool has just arrived, and has had a private inter-
' view with the King."

A Dutch Mail arrived yesterday, with Papers to
the 3d instant ; the information they contain, if
authentic, is of considerable interest; the following
extracts supply the substance :

" HAMBURG, AUGUST S.
A letter from Vienna of the 25th of July, says, "The cu-
riosity and attention of the public here are cluedy directed to the
tendency of the affairs of G,eece and Turkey, which appear to
become daily more and more complicated. We now learn that
the Note which lies been sent on the part of Russia to tile Sub
lime Porte, requires-
-Ist, The rebuilding all the Christian Churches that have been
destroyed throughout the whole Ottoman Empire.
2dly, That all Christian subjects and inhabitants of the Otto-
man Empire, shall be protected in the rights and privileges
secured to them by the must solemn treaties.
3illy. That a difference shall be made between the rebellious
Greeks and the peaceable and innocent indieiduats of that nation,
and that the latter shall not be treated like the former, because
they speak the same language, and wear the came dress.
4th, and lastly, That every thing in Walachia and Moldavia
shall be replaced, as soon as possible, upon the footing agreed
upan by treaties.
A satisfactory answer from the Porte to these demands is re.
(wired in a certain time—it is said within ten days. As the des-
patches were sent from St. Petersburgli on the 21111 June, and
would probably arrive at Constantinople between the ioth and
12th of July, we may expect to learn an a few days the result of
this step.

French Papers to the Bth instant have been re-
ceived, but they are more than unusually barren of
characteristic information. The Ultra. Journals,
however, are so far amusing as they evince all the
soreness which has been produced by the recent
ejectments from the French Cabinet. It is curious
also to remark that the Censorship, at present, ope-
rates more exclusively upon their columns than
upon those of the Liberals. In short, the predomi-
nant national tone of France is so clear and explicit,
that the French administration has not only given
way to it, but in so giving way, it begins to be
sensible that it is shaking off a faction to gain a
people. It will amuse our readers to be informed
that a "Constitutional Society" has been established
in Paris, of a nature not very dissimilar to our own,
being supported by precisely the same order of un-
derstanding. It is unnecessary to add, that in both
countries they are laughed at and despised.

The Count and Countess Bertrand, and their four
children (Napoleon, Hortense, Henry, and Arthur
Bertrand) ; Count Montholon; Professor Antontarchi,
surgeon; Signor Vignoli, priest, and 12 serv.ints, in
all 21, permission having been received from Lord
Bathurst, landed on Friday noon, and proceeded to
London.

In consequence of the decease of her Majesty, the
parish church of St. Luke, Old-street, is put ino
complete mourning—the pulpit, rending•desk, the
whole of the galleries, the organ-loft, &c. being
hung with black cloth.

FRIGHTFUL CATASTROPHE. •
LOSS OF THE EARL MOIRA PACKET.
Viva, the Chester Chrottriek.]
Thursday, hay o'clock, p.ns.—A most heart rea _
account has just reached us, wnich we shall he happy to
contradict in a second edition ; but although we hive
received lio details of the circumstances, we are awe.
hensive the melancholy intelligence is too trite:—
The Earl Moira packet left Liverpool on Wednesdiy,
with upwards of 150 passengers, many of the highest
Irespectability, on board, for Ireland; when nut at sea,
owing to some aecithsht not yet 4,..uwn—wheilier owing
to some mismanagement, or by t winds—she run on
a rod., and instantly stink ; all on board are said to hare,
perished, with the exception of a few who escap•tist 41
boat. 111
Six o'clock.—We have just seen the Guard of the Li-
verpool Mail, and he fully confirms, in part, the preeid-
Mg melancholy tidings ! The vessel left Liverpool by
last night's tide, with a fair wind. She had scarcely.
cleared the River, when she run on a bank near Hoy.
lake, where she was capsized, and a great number ortfie
passengers on board, most of whom were going to Dubin
to see his Majesty, were drowned.
We have received a second edition of Gore's Liverpool
paper; it contains the following particulars I—"
with feelings of poignant regret that we record an acci-
dent of the most disastrous kind : The Hoylake Life
Boat has just arrived, full of passengers, saved from the
wreck of the Earl Moira, which sailed last night, for
Dublin, and which was lost early this morning (Thdis-
day) on the Wharf Bank, near Hoylake. The number
lost cannot he accurately stated; it is reported at from
30 to 40.
FURTHER PARTICULANII.—It appears the picket was
working out of the River with a head wind, blowing
fresh ; it was about 9 o'clock, %% lieu she stoic!: on a bank
between Mock•Reggar and Hoylake, .on the Cheshire
shore, and was-almost iiiimedia.ely capsild. There
were 45 cabin passengers nit board, wrist of whom, 4 is
supposed, perished. The master and all hands. with the'
exception of the steward, were drowned. Almost all the
passengers below deck perished; many of the others
took refuge in the rigging, where they remained all
night, and frocn 5Q to Go were taken up this morning by
the Hoylake Life Boat. One of the passengers, a lady,
died almost as soon as she was rescued from the wreck.
A horse belonging to the Earl of Portarlington contrived
to get asnore. The vessel struck within half a mile of
the land !
• ,
LEITRACT OP A PRIVATE LETTER.'
CRONSTADT, JULY 15.—" A great calamity,
which has been added to innumerable other tniallsr-
tunes, at Bucharest, has caused me to make .my.
escape from that unhappy city. There has been an
earthquake accompanied by a more violent storm
than the inhabitants ever remember to have taken
place : about 1.400 houses have been destroyed!.
great number of the inhabitants perished in the
ruins. A shower of hail, us large as a nut, de-
stroyed the trees which the stamina] spared, and
also some peasants who were in.the open fields, with
nearly the wltule of the crops. The Turkish sol-
diery, seized with a superstitious terror, exclaimed
The infidel Ypsilanti, whom we are seeking
upon earth, has ascended to the skies to fight with
us from thence.'
"-The plains of Walachia, which I traversed,
from Bucharest to the frontiers formerly so beautiful
and fertile, now present the appearance of desola-
tion and ruin: the dead bodies with which they are
covered infect the air; nothing. is to be heard but
the mournful howlings of dogs who have lost their
masters, fill the forests and lields—no more men,
nor towns, nor villages--the barbarians have de-
stroyed every thing, even the fruit-trees, to gratify
their savage fury—more than 20,000 persons, the
greater part of them women and children, have been
dragged into .slavery beyond the Danube. Aged
men and women arc massacred without merry, and
the lives of young women only are spared, trim arc
destined fur the Harem, and thole of children to be
brought up in the Mahometun religion; the con-
vents and churches are every where razed feom their
foundations: in a convent of women, those who
were advanced in years were put to the sword, and
the young females carried into slav:.ry.
" The Walachian troops, who basely betrayed in
battle the interests of their country, as well as the
Greeks their companions in arms, are recovering
from their error when too late, and rullying round
Jordaki, a Greek of 'thessaly, and fortnerly a com-
mander in the militia of his country. Despair has
given them fresh courage, and they have gained
several partial advantages over the Turks, who have
been repulsed at several points with the loss of up-
wards of 6,000 men."

When the royal squadron was proceeding toCowes,
his Majesty was graciously pleased to send Bir Wm.
Keppel on board the Camel, to inquire idler the
health of Count and Countess Bertrand, and to say
that they might land on the Isle of Wight imme-
diately if they wished. We need not say that this
mark of condescension, ou the part of Lis
was appreciated as it ought to be by toe peismis
who were the objects of it,
The battle-money on the late fight is not given
up, as it is cooteoded that Cooper woo, from 0.L.,,..ary
being taken from the ring betore toe umpires hid
called the half-minute tine.

a
. - • -
THE. MATT .. . REGIS? ‘'.' --"14'.."...•••••.•' , - • • • • CM
'V ...
FROMLAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE. crificed to their infamous mac' hinations, jie felt no FRIGHTFUL CATASTROPHE.
--...
•' ..--.. resentment towards her enetnies; and Ming the LOSS OF THE EARL MOIRA PACKET.
CROWN OFFICE, Aye. IL /From the Chester Chrotsick.)
MEMBER returned to serve in this present PARLIAMENT; sister of DEssolsz to her bed-side, .desired her to Thursday, Lour o'clock, p.m .—A must heart rending •
• , King's County.—The Hon. Wm. Parsons. cutrimonlY called
Lord Oxmantown, in the room of Wm. Parsons, Esti. who has communicate to her that with her dying breath she account has just reached us, wnich we shall he happy to
accepted the office of a Judge of the Insolvent Court in Ireland. contratitet in a second edition ; but although we hive
forgave her—as in a recent instance, so in the pre- received lio details of the circumstances, we are apiece
BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED. sent case, she alone, who was the cause of the most hensive the melancholy intelligence is too true:—
C. Rist, Cornhill, auctioneer, from Aug. to to Aug. 28. The Earl Moira packet left Liverpool on Wednesday, •
W. HoldingA,Devonshi
BNKRUPTCIEStreet.Quee S SUPERSEDED.
wine merchant. poignant fears and anxiety in the brea4 of every one witlt upwards of 150 passengers, many of the highest . .
re n Square,
• J. Richardson, Manchester, joiner. around her, was calm, collected, and resigned— respectability, on board, for I relent! ; when out at sea, i
, BANKRUPTS. owing to smite accident not yet own—whetherkii
R. Baggeley and T. Taylor, Lane Delph, Staffordshire, chins though mitred hypocrisy was not present to perform to sonic mismanagement, or by al* winds—she run on
and 'art ware dealer. Solicitors, Messrs. Tooke and Carr,
Gray's Ins. the duties of religion towards her, she died more like a rocl, and instantly stink ; all on board are said to have -! '
Sole. Messrs. Bourdillonfmerihed, with the exception of a few who map* in a
T. Goadby, Warwick, plumber. So
a true Christian than many a King who may here-'
and Co. Bread Street, Cheapaide.
M. Roberta. Manchester, grocer. Sol. Mr. Norris, John after have a time-serving Archbishop of Canterbury Six o'clock.—We have just seen the Guard of the Li-
. Street. Bedford Row. . verpool Mail, and he fully confirms, in pa the preeed-
' S. Couchman, Canterbury, grocer. Sols. Messrs. Pownall and to pray by him. She ili no more—and thousands,
Mg melancholy tidings ! The veasel left Livedoo by
Co. Old Jewry.
A. Sehmaeck, Bury Street, St. Mary Axe, merchant. Sol. when they learn that fact, will ejaculate—" Peace last night's tide, with a fair wind. She hall scarcely.
cleared the Hirer, when she run on a bank near Hoy-
' Mr. Thomas, Fenchurch Street. to her soul—May my last end be like hers."—
C. F. Connor, Peckham Surrey, soap maker. Sol. Mr. lake, where she was capsized, and a great number orthe
Hunter, Great James Street, Bedford Row. Whether it may please the policy of his Majesty's passengers on board, most of whom were going to Dublin
'l'. Clay, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, grocer. Sols. Messrs. to see his Majesty, were drowned.
H.annam and Son. Balord. Government or not to order a " general mourning" We have received a second edition of Gore's Liverrol '
A. Boyd, White Horse Street. Commercial Road, master .
mariner. Sol. Mr. Lewis, Crutchedfriars. for her, we do not know, but we doubt not the paper; it contains the following •
particulars t—" t* is
J. Lynch, Liverpool, merchant. Sul, Mr. Bettye, Chancery . with feelings of poignant regret that we record an aoci. .
Lane. mourning will be general, and dictated by a feeling dent of the most disastrous kind : The Hoylake Life
J. Stanton, Worcester, coal and timber merchant. Sol. Mr.
Burt, Gracechurch Street, at least as honourable to the deceased as that which Boat has just arrived, full of passengers, saved from the
wreck of the Earl Moira, which sailed last night, for
J. Cracklen,jun. Enfield Wash, Middlesex. fanner. Sol. Mr. was assumed on the demise of her predecessor. Dublin, and which was lost early this morning (Theirs- -
James, Bucklenbury.
J. Pickles, Keighley, Yorkshire, coin dealer. Sob. ltlessrs. day) on the Wharf Bank, near Hoylake. The number
Dawson and Co. Chancery Lane. lost cannot be accurately stated; it is reported at Isom
DIVIDENDS. By the following letter, received
August is, C. Rootlet, Tooley Street, butcher-21, J. Pitt,Yesterday 10 to 40.
from Holyhead, it a ppears that the has re- FURTHER PARTICULANS.—It appears the picket was
Cirencester, Gloucestershire, woolstapler—t 4, A. Richardson, King
York Street, Marylebone, and T. Welch, Cleveland Street, working out of the River with a head synod, blowing
ceived the intelligence of the Queen's diasolution.
builders—is, S. Humphreys, Charlotte Street, Portland Place, fresh ; it was about 9 o'clock, St lieu she strigek on a bank '
merchant—Sept. 11. J. B. Iludson,Old City Chambers, merchant .. Holyhead. Thursday Evening, Six o'Clock. between Mock•Beggat and Hoylake. .on.rthe Cheshire
3. E. Treharne, l.landdarog, Cannarthenshire, dealer-4, W. " The King's messenger has brought the melancholy hate&
shore, and was-almost imenedia.ely capsirrl. There -.
and F. Devey, Albion Coal Wharf, Surrey, coal merchants-7, genes of her Majesty's dissolution.
E. Crowe, Wymondliam, Norfolk, shopkeeper-3, R. Franke. •• His Majtaty's yacht is now preparing to get out of harbour. were 43 cabin passengers on board, wrist tat whom, it is
. Newark upon Trent, Nottinghamshire, miller-1. T. Johnson, The wind continues westerly, but the agitation of the sea has supposed, perished. The master and all hands. with the
• Wakefield, Yorkshire. merchant-4, A. Archer, Great Chapel abated. It is understood to be the King's intention to sail with exception of the steward, were drowned. Almost all the
Street, Soho, baker-11, C. Beruecker, Birmingham, merchant the first wind for Dublin, but toland in the mast private warmer passengers below deck perished ; many of the others
23, S. Atkinson. Newcastle upon Tyne, insurance broker. possible . It is further said that his Majesty, on his snivel in
CERTIFICATES to be granted Sept.?. Ireland, will repair immediately to the Phenix Park, near too. k refuge in the ri ing where they remained all
, W. L. Loft, I,landilo, Carmarthenshire. druggist—T.Thack • Dublin, where he will remain private until after her Majesty's g , night, and from 5Q to were taken tip this morning by
ray and R. Bothell, Greenwich, linen drapers—G. Mynett and funeral. the Hitylake Life Boat. One of the passengers, a lady,
J. Pugh, Snood, Gloucestershire, cabinet makers—J. Thomas, " Lord Liverpool has just arrived, =dim had a private inter- died Almost as soots as she was rescued Irons the wreck.
Oswestry, Salop, mercer—ll. W. Sealy, Samford, upholsterer vies with the King." A horse belonging to the Earl of Portarlington contrived
—G. Booth, Abbas Bromley, Staftlodshire, farmer—E. Burr. to get asnore. The vessel struck within half a mile of
Liverpool, merchant—T. Nicholls. Binningharn, dealer—R.
Cross, Bridlington, York, druggist. A Dutch Mail arrived yesterday, with Papers to the laud 1 •
. •
- - the 3d instant; the information they contain, if LEITRACT OP A PRIVATE LETTER.' • ,
COURSE OF EXCHANGE, Aeo. 10.0
Amsterdam, 12 18 C. F. Seville, 33 —Gibraltar authentic, is of considerable interest • the following'
'which has been added to innumerable other tnialtrs
Ditto, at sight, 12 15 Leghorn, 47—Genoa, 431 extracts supply the substance:— tunes at Bucharest, has caused me to make .my.
Rotterdam, 12 19 Malta, 45—Venice, 27 60 ,
Antwerp, 12 11 Naples, 39/—Lisbon, 50 " HAMBURG, aueurr s. escape from that unhappy city. There has been an
Hanthargh, 98 10 Oporto, 50—Bahia, 59 A letter from Vienna of the 25th of July, says, " The cu. earthquake accompanied by a more violent storm
riosity and attention of the public here are chiefly directed to the
Anoint, .3S It RioJaneno, 49 tendency of the affairs of G.eece and Turkey, which appear to than the inhabitants ever remember to have taken
Paris, 3 days' sight, 23 65 Palermo, 116
become daily more and more complialted. We now learn that place : about 1.400 houses have been deStroyee u
Ditto, 2G 20 Dublin, 91 per cent. the Note which has been sent on the part of Russia to tile Sub - great number of the inhabitants perished in the :
Bourdeatix, 26 20 Curl, 9 per cent. lime Porte, requires— o
Frankfort on the aiiiinepo Foreign gold in bars,3l. 17s. Ist, The rebuilding all the Christian Churches that have been ruins. A shower of hail, us large as a nut, de-
Petersburgli, ' F./ U. 100. per oz. destroyed throughout the whole Ottoman Empire. stroyed the trees which the storm had spared, and
* . Vienna, Ef. Flo. 10 28 Sea pooldaong, tttly. That all Christian subjects and inhabitants of the Otto- also
some peasants who were is open fields, with
, Trieste, Ef. Flo. 10 28 New D011ar5,4".9111. man Empire, :hall be protected in the rights and privileges
..- Madrid, 36—Cadiz, 35/ Silver in bats, standard, 4s. secured to them by the must solemn tteaties. nearly the whule of the crops. The Turkish sol- ,
liilboa, 35i—Barcelona, 35 UM. Silly. That a elithoence shall be made between the übellious diery, seized with a superstitious terror, exclaimed ..
Greeks and the peaceable and innocent individuals of that nation,
PRICE OF STOCKS. and that the latter shall not be treated like the former, because —` The infidel Ypsilanti, whom we are seeking
Batik Stork 232 0 ))))) loin O. they speak the same language, and wear the same dress. upon earth, has ascended to the skies to fight with
. -3,•
per Cent.:per Cent.
Consols 751 India Bonds 50 Red. 76/ Imp. 3 per Cent. ath, and lastly, That every thing in Walachia and Moldavia us from thence.'
3
&LIU be replaced, as soon as possible, upon the footing agreed
..7..
span by treaties. "•The plains of Walachia, which I traversal,
31 per Cent. Itotia Stock 232
A satisfactory answer from the Porte to these demands is re. from Bucharest to the frontiers formerly so beautiful
4 per Cent. 951 Exchequer Mill. 51. prem. quired in a certain time—it is said within ten days. As the des. and fertile,
5 per Cent. Navy 108/ Carus. for Ac. 751 re now present the appearance of uesoia-
patches were sent front St. Petersburgli on the gath June, and
'' • Lone Ann. 19 9-16 Lottery Tickets would probably arrive at Constantinople between the tosh and I titan and ruin: the dead bodies with which they are
s- l2th of July, we may expect to learn in • few day. the result of covered infect the air; nothing is to be heard but
THE NATIONAL REGISTER. this step. the mournful howlings of dogs who have lost their
______.. ____
musters, fill the forests and lields—no more men, . •
.: • Lannon : French Papers to the Bth instant have been re- nor towns, nor villages—the barbarians have de-
SUNDAY,
AUGUST 12, ceived, but they are more than unusually barren of stroyed every thing, even the fruit trees, to gratify
-'
characteristic information. The Ultra. Juurnals, their savage fury—more than 20,000 persons, the
More than twenty-five years of the most unre- greater part of them women and children, have been
however, are so far amusing as they evince all the
' mitred and unequalled persecution has at last had dragged into slavery beyond the Danube. Aged
the desired effect, and our beloved Queen has sunk soreness which has been produced by the recent men and women arc massacred without mercy, and
, •
under trials which she had sustained with adi nit ejectments from the French Cabinet. It is curious the lives of young women only are spared, %rho are
g , .
, ,
, also to remark that the Censorship, at present, tips- destined fur the Ilarem, and those of children to be ... '
~ and nobleness that made even her cold-blooded, sys- brought up in the Mahotnetun religion; the con- •
rates more exclusively upon their columns than vents and churches are every where razed feom their
t..' tematic, soul-less enemies, sometimes pause, to ad-
'. upon those of the Liberals. In short, the predomi- foundations: in a convent of women, those who
Y.' mire their devoted victim. The Indians know a
nant national tone of France is so clear and explicit, were advanced in years were put to the sword, and •
poison, whose effects are so slow, that many years the" young
v females carried into slavu.ry.
that the French administration has nut only given•
basely betrayed in -
" may intervene between the administering and the The Walachian troops, who
way to it, but in so giving way, it begins to be battle the interests of their country, as well as the .
fatal issue; but that does not lessen the crime, or
sensible that it is shaking off a faction to gain a Greeks their companions in arms, are recovering ..ii
change the proper name of the MURDER ; and in the
from their error when too lat., and rullvinie round -
people. It will amuse our readers to be informed • e•
• ~, instance of
to have aff her Majesty,
the Coup de Grace, at the corn- it would have been mercy Jordaki, a Greek of 'lllessaly, and fortnerly a coin- ".
il, that a "Constitutional Society" has been established wander in the militia of his country. Despair has
orded Paris,
of
in
k`- mencement of the plots and insults to which she .
• - being supported by precisely the same order of tan- several partial advantages over the •Turks, who have , '
. has, in the end, yielded herself a sainted martyr—but
been repulsed at several points with the loss of up-
derstanding. It is unnecessary to add, that in both ~.
01. ------.• tier virtues wards of 6,000 men." ; '•
countries they are laughed at and despised. 4r;-.
• will plead like Angels, trumpet-tongued _ -- -- s.
,:..
Again,t the deep damnation of her taking off; -- -- When the royal squadron was proceeding toCowes, . '
And I'ity like a naked new-born babe The Count and Countess Bertrand, and their four his Majesty was graciously pleased to send Bir IVm. 1
Striding the blast, or Heaven's Cherubim children (Napoleon, Hortense, Henry, and Arthur Keppel on board the Camel, to inquire after the '•'.
r,' Horsed on the sightless Couriers of the Air, :f:.'
Bertrand); Count Montholon; Professor Antornarchi, health of Count and Countess Bertrand, and to say t. I
Shall blow the horrid decd in every eye surgeon; Signor Vignoli, priest, and 12 servants, in that they might land on the Isle of Wight imam- tp.
• Till sorrow droan the world." all 21, permission having been received from Lord diately if they wished. We need out say that this X.
The benignity of her nature shewed itself at the Bathurst, landed on Friday noon, and proceeded to mark of condescension, on the part of his Maj-,:sty, u;',
, - conclusion of her life perhaps more brilliantly than London. was appreciated as it ought to be by tile pers.ats -;,,,•
.at any other part of it—site was well aware of her In consequence of the decease of her Majesty, the who were the objects of it,
approaching end, and appeared convinced, from the parish church of St. Luke, Old-street, is putt inn The battle-money on the late fight is not given ~
complete mourning—the pulpit, reading-desk, the up, as it is contended that Cooper wun, from O's..,.ary
beginning of her illness, that its termination would l whole of the galleries, the organ-loft, &c. being being taken trots the ring beture me umpires had
be fatal;—she repeatedly declared that, though sa- hung with black cloth. called tile hal *-minute time. .:
o . .
. -- • .
. ..... - • . . -
