NiTIONAI, REGISTER._

i:ed to pt.i an end to one detestable traffic, why not Spain ?
If it h.• asked, France dares persevere in rejecting the
voice of British nation, how dares Spain, who owes us so
much la. ger obligations ?
We must cunfess we look on with some alarm to those
strides on the part of Ferdinand, and the indaerence that is
shewn to them; what 1.3 every man's business seems to he no
man's concern, and those principles 'which have been the
common topic of gratulation to the well-wishers of rational
liberty, which the prudent wisdom of the Allies so effectually
proinked to ex.end, are insulted and abused by a pupil of
that abominable" school, that would renovate the last hope of
deToiisni, and rehnild the edifice which the wisdom and
virtue of mankind had, by common consent, devoted to just
and merited destruction*.

:phew us a more noble cause than this for the Philan-
thropist, avid we will devote our whole lives to the equal
struggle of Africa and Spain Let the two objects be united.
Let Ferdinand be apprised that England, though generous,
is jn:t—though enlightened, is teseutful; and that her power,
built fur ages upon the reasonable fidelity of the understand-
ing, will neither permit or compromise the existence of un-
hallowed traffic on the one hand, or the revival of those
bigotted and ha; barons institutions on the other, which fur
ages intercepted the lights of philcsophy and the progress of
true liberty.

• The two Spnoists 'Editors of New,pnpers, have not been hanged
nee but nt by tilt : t to the galleys on the coast
ot All ic for six years , and the triter, a to confinement and
disciprinc the %Owe period to a (70::vela Private lett r. as,. rt, that
dh.)tibtaction (no wondet !) ; arre,ts cohtinue, General
F.t.io hall been imprismied, the t3,,,t-othee is nutter re.trietions, and
the most arhitrary proceetimes are resorted tu, preparatory to gi% ing
the people a free Cunstitutt u ! !—( The .Sun.)

/MP E R L 11.1 LLIMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

3i:lX 3.

nion, that, supported. as we weir in the Ist- contest, by the Em.
perors of Russia and Austria, and the King of Prussia, and giving
law, not receiving .it from France, we must have succeed 4 4, if a
proper stand had been made, in withholding not met e.y f o.n that
country the power of continuing this inhuman traffic, but in putting
a stop to it wherever it was carried on. Was Parham nt, thit had
voted the extirpation of this trade, and this land of freedom, midi It
cried out against its injustice, to be made accessories to, and abet.
tors of, slavery ? France has at present no Slave Mei cliaots, the
article alluded to must therefore have a prospective view, al d be of
the most fatal tendency. His Lordship concluded by moving for
copies of such parts of the dispatches from the Ilristish Minister cm.
ployed to 'teem:late tile Definitive Treaty of Peace, as related to
the Slave Trade.
The Earl of Lt VERPOOT. said, the fair view of the question "a' to
I consider what would have been the case provided no such clause hmt
beet' introduced. Woolf! not France have carried it on ? How then
can it be raid that the stipulation is of no avail which states, that
• alter the stipulated period it shall totally cease ? With iespef!t to
our dictating to Fratice upon the subject, he contended, that n na •
tion possessed a right to dictate to another upon the sub je, ; foe
upon that principal
you might insist upon tho abolition of be i
quisitio-.1 in Spain. He professed his opinion ever was, that be ao-
lition of the Slave Trade would be beneficial as well as d: init • to
this country ; but it is quite another• thing to make tl at the sine
qua non to France upon which her colonies are to i e re Awed.
Even were you to adopt this, you could not enforce it to thug: colo-
nies that may be in the possession of others. It was his tirua con-
viction that the French Government had a sincere intention of
abolishing it, by preparing time minds of the Colonists for that mea.
sure ; and that there exists in the breasts of our Allies a favourable
disposition towards time abolition, which would have been endangered
by-pursuing any other course. He objected to the production of the
papers and information moved fOr, as tending to embarrass and
in-
jure the negociation, and fuinish those who %.• e disposed with the
means of throwing impedimeots in the way ; and concluded by stat
in 2:, that if attempted to force the measure you never could ex.
fleet cordial; :y.
Lord Hot.r. %No reprobated in warm terms the introduction of the
article in the Treaty. and supported the motion of Lord Grenville.
Lord GREY amid the Marquis of LANSDOWNE argued on the same

Aide.
Earl.; RATTIURST and WESTMORELAND supported the opinion of
Earl Liverpool.
'flair Lordships then divided on the motion : Contents, 27 ; Non
Contents, 64—Majority against the motion,

TUESDAY, JUNE 1.13.

DUKE OF' WELLINGTON.

The ceremony of the inttodeetion of his Grace the Duke of Wel-
lington to the Howe took place this day. His Grace entered, at-
tended by the Duke of NortOlk, Earl Marshal, the Duke of Rich-
mond, and Duke of Beaufort, precede:l by Sir Isaac Heard, Garter
King at Arms, and having delivered the writ to the Lord Chancel-
tor, be went to the table. This bring his Grace's first appearance
in the House since his elevating; to the Peerage, the whole of his
patents were read in their order, begining ‘s ith that of the Baron
Douro and Viscount Talavera, ;mid proceeding florin:4h the ‘vhole—
Earl of Wellington. Marquis of Douro, Marquis of Wellington, and
Duke of Wellington. His Grace then took the usual oaths of alle-
giance and abjuration, and then sat down along with the attendant
Dukes on the Ducal Bench.
The Lord CHANCELLOR then rose, and pursuant to their Lird-
ships' order, addres,ed his Grace to the following general purport :
-•-14 My Lord and Duke of Wellington,—ln obedience to Ow com•
man'le of their Lordships, I have on this occasion to communicate
to your Grace the 'Thanks of this House, and the cordial congratu-
lations of their Lordships, on your return from your continental
service, and on your introduction to a scat of the very highest rank
and dignity in this House. Those high and distinguished honours
have been well and eminently merited by your Grace, by a long
series of splendid and signal services, perfOrmed in various places
and situations, but more especially on the continent of Europe.
The cordial and applandin,* thanks of this House—the highest hono-
rary distinction in the power of their Lordships to bestow—have
not only been most frequently and repeateOly voted to you,
«'' tit
i the most perfect unanimity, but your Grace has had the additional
