SECOND BULLETIN.

Dispatches have been received at the Office of Marquis Wrt.-
LESLEY from Mr. STUART, his Majesty's Minister at Lisboa.
dated the '2.3d of M.rch ; they state the army of Gen. MASS N A
continued to retreat towards the frontier, and that every march
was facilitated by the abandonmcat of wounded, the &strut.—

tion of baggage, and whatever could encumber theirmovement.
The enemy attempted during the 18th and 19th to make istard
in the Sierra de Moita, but they were driven from that position
with the loss of 600 prisoners on the 19th. On the 21st the?
reached Galiza. The British head-quarters were at Po:ubeiro
on the 18th, and at Argazil on the 20th. The cavalry and light
•roops continued in sight of the French rear-guard, and the
movement of the Allied Army :along the skirts of the Estrella.
which flank the positions in the valley of the Mondego, pro-
mised nee impediments to their retreat. ,
Badajoa and Campo Major had fallen into the bawls of the
enemy. Marshal Souz.T had stib,equently moved la the ditto-
tion of Seville with part of his forces.
Gen. BERESTORD reached Portalegre on the 2.0t/a.
The folloiving is extracted from a pr ii 14
ter

.

war

LISSON, Mitten S3.—Our army still pursues the enemy, *ho
continue to retreat It is supposed that they wills mike their
stand at Altneida. Their rear consisted of 30,600 men, all that
could fight in their army. Marshal BERESPORD'S army, con-
sisting of 24,000 men, is on its March to relieve Campo Major.
Portugal may now be considered as perfectly secure. The re-
gular post to Oporto is again opened.

BUONAPARTE's ANSWER TO THE DEPUTIES OP
THE MANSE TOWNS.
It is difficult for a Briton, whose native character -
is freedom, to conceive how men can he so debased
as not only to bear patiently the chains imposed on
their ancient liberty, but to receke slavery as a
boon, and thank the tyrant by whom they are yoked.
That a people long accustomed to groan under the
weight of an arbitrary Monarch's will, should feel
little repugnance at changing its master, and
wel-
coming a new one, would create no astonishment.
But that cities which, almost since the time they
were erected, have, amidst the storms that have
rent the continent, preserved their constitutions and
independence, should pretend to see them torn
away from them without a pang, nay, with ex-
ultation, would- never be credited, had we not
convincing proofs of their degradation and
servility in the late address of their deputies to
NAPOLEON. They even make a boast of the s'acri.
flee of their independence, and seem desirous that
it should appear a voluntary offering at the shrine
of him " whose destinies had determined that the
