SEPT. 25.

je-ty could never have divined that he would have closed his career
To a manner so little worthy of a soldier. His Majesty's prognoslics
have been partly verified in the subjugation of the implacable enemy
of the world; but the repose of the world will never be secure while
Napoleon lives.
In the return to philanthropic principles which the Governments
of Europe appear desirous or adopting, his Majesty perceives new
means of security to his kingdom. His Majesty, however' since
the expulsion of the satellites of Napoleon from the soil of Hayti,
has never ceased preparing himself for war, and for the most obsti-
nate resistance, in the event of an invasion of .his kingdom. His
preparations have been still farther augmented, by the complete or-
ganisation of his troops, the provisioiring of his fortresses, and other
means of detimee which have been recently taken since the first
overtures for peace between Napoleon and England, thron,gli the
mediation of Austini, which we learned hem t' from the newspapers ;
and especially in consequence of the various notices and valuable
inft•rmation which you have given us, and which enabled his Ma-
jesty to take all suitable measures.
It; on the one hand, the policy of his Majesty-has led him to mea-
sures of prudence required by his safety, he has not, on the other,
neglected to cause cultivation to flourish, as you will be convinced
by time enormous quantity of colonial produces which issues from the
ports of his kingdom.
You mast have seen from various acts of his Majessy's Govern-
ment, since his accession to the throne, that his Majesty has never
confounded the French people with the Governments which op-
pressed them. To peaceable merchants lie has always offered seen-
xity, protection, and commerce, at the •same time that he was de-
termined to repel every kind of enemy who should attempt to reduce
us to slavery.

You may declare, Sir, as you are now authorised to do, that his
Majesty will with pleasure receive the vessels of French merchants
which shall he legally cleared out for the ports of Hayti ; they shall
be protected and treated like the subjects of other friendly powers
who tiade peaceably with Hayti, pros ivied they punctually conform
to the laws of the kingdom. You may give this assurance to the
French merchahts, and even publish it in your journals.
A new order of things arises ; his Majesty embraces the consoling
hope of finding a just and philanthropic government, which, con-
vinced that force is powerless to reduce us to subjection, will not
forget anning our claims, that of having combated its most implaca-
ble enemy from the commencement of his reign to his 601, and
never having listened to any of those proposals which his agents
from all count' tes have made us. His Majesty flatter hiniselt that
be will find humane sentiments in a Sovereign instructed by
ihist.sirtune.

In our state of iineertsinty as to the tneamires of the new Sovereign
of France. with regard to us, we cannot take any direct coarse or
Stet), as you invited us, until we are positively informed as to his
intentions. It is for you, Sir, who with unbounded attachment and
fidelity haw• constantly defended the interests of the too long
lollop innate Monarch Wholik you kerve it tot %, oil, soo arc
attached to (1w valise of King I le.,ry, and who possess inforinatioo
respecting this country, to prepare the eliaimels by which lite two
Powers may come 14) for !hull mutual intert.t, and
the benefit of their it.sveviice cis, When this,
aired not doubt that los .Majesty will li-ten to inert Jest and reasoin.ldt.
Iwointsal, a% may he made to him, and will hasten to pitifir an
arc" edited representative, to stipulate for his toteiests, anti those 4it•
Iris kingdom.

(Signed)

DE LINIONADE.

(EXTRACT OF A LETTER.)

" Port hut Prittee, Am'. 1, 1814.

" The present k to give you smile idea id our
prospects since the late g.e:it change of altdii% nu the Continent. 1
really
an..ti e.pate with fel-lin:l., of horror, the Si rims of I,lunit-bed and
mas,acre that most take place in tl,i island. in the event of the
French attacking it. The people tit* this areerdiin: to then
present feeling. could not !war pdtielice any I►ropns;ll Flom
France inconsistent with principles of indepetniruce. Ili .ve been
on intimate tetins Kith Pre•ident Petion yvit s, and r
yoii, a mote and :dile men I never knew. He 1, Ihe idol 04
the people, and their co,.folence in liiiu is undonided : but oven he
would be removed fl MIS 100%% cr, wlicie lie stinPu'e,l edi.ahie of a
wish to transfer this colony to France. Out infoiniat leols to: lei
expect an attack abeut December. It has been offieiaqy notified
by government, that on the filet Appearance of the enemy, kit will
bet communicated to all the buildings in the cities, and every thing
destroyed. With this information we have the consoling laomise,
