horn.
It was on the 11th of April that the Capitan Paella landed
several doomed men ; but the Turkish fleet had scarcely hove
in sight, when the commander iu the castle began bombarding
the town, and from that time till the day of our departure, it
was one coutiuued scene of murder, conflagration, and plunder,
both in country and town. hear were they even satialied with
the ravages lire made upon the huuice ; its progress wee too
slow fur their fury, and the hands of men aided and assisted
the raging element. They took to the castle about 590 of the
gardeners of the principal V• 110111 by dint of threats of
instant death, and promises of liberty, they forced to coefess, as
far as they knew, where any property had been hid. le ultocet
every garden, at 6 or 5 yards distance, were pits dug lee the
purpose of grasping the supposed concealed treasuoc. Al! the
women were sent ieto slavery ; the men and wale it:tablas as
(above 12 years of age) were massacred ; the children 01 the
tenderest age, and the most beautiful Item among the young
women, were sent on board the ships with great pump uud so-
b muity, under a salute of guns : they cireumeis...l the male
children, in token of conversion to the Mahotnetan faith, and
then sent Off the children of both sexes by land for Coustatati-
nople, by the way of Smyrna, under an escort of Turkish sol
diery. Two regiments of Turks had assembled, and shut up
in a place in the country about 700 persona, chiefly peasants,
whom they meant to divide among themselves as slaves ; but
not being able to agree in the partition, began disputing. A
priest, more humane than the rest, expostulated with them upon
their dissensions, and exhorted them to concord, when one of
those savage brutes exclaimed, that the only way to avoid dis •
aension was to put them all to the sword ; mud in less than half
an hour all these innocent men were put to death. Others of
these butchers had in their possession tour families of distinc-
tion ; the women and children they scut to the city, and the
men they bled to death.
By all we have been able to gather, it appears, that from the
very moment the Turkish fleet was destined fur Scio, the total
destruction of the island, and the annihilation of its italtabiluida,
were resolved on, without any examinatiou of their culpability
or itinoceuce. On the pith of May the Paella ordered 35 rea-
',eatable men that lie had on board to be hung up to the masts,
which starred as a signal to the Governor of the castle to do the
same with the 55 hostages, ordering at the same time dm 590
gardeners, who were still iu custody, to be strangled. Till the
10th May, on which day we left Nebo, there had liceo no cessa-
tion to mardeiing, conflagration, and enslaving, with all their
accompanying ferocity. Do not be surprised if you bear that
there have been near 60,000 Turks on the island ; the report uf
the immerses's and rich spoils of those who first went user, the
sight of gold, silver, jewels, Sc. shipped oil by the captors to
places of safety, enticed over a horde uf these barbarians, thirst--
in; for Christian blood and plunder. The number of slain
amounted, on the 10th, to 25,000; of captives, to 30,000:—
those who hove saved themselves by flight are comparatively
few ; those who already have reached the continent, and those
immediately expected, are the only ones that are saved—
all the others you may reckon among the dead and the captives.
Those, even, who have escaped from the Turks, must soou
fall a prey to famine, as they are lurking about the mountains
without food or raiment. flow we have escaped, we hardly
know—it seems a dream ; but the divine Providence assisted
us, having so many dangers to encounter, and being so
well known to the Turkish inhabitants of Scio, it was
only changing clothes, and being accompanied by the Austrian
Consul that saved as. Together we traversed the city, oc rather
bill, for the whole of the way was strewed with deed bodies of
men and carcass a; of animals on each side; the walls of our
beautiful Ileums, built with black Trojan marble, alone re-
initiated, and in them were seen Spares of women and children,
pale, wan, end enlaciated, in morbid despair, till they should
be transported as slaves on board the 1 sickish vessels. Me-
thinks their cries, sighs, and lamentations, are still in our ears,
as they implored the Consul, for the love of Maven, to take
compassion on them, not to deliver them into the hand of their
foes—not to leave them iu the power of those who would fur ce
them to embrace the Makometan faith. Oh! bow agonising were
our feelings then But, alas! what could be dime to save theist
It was thus through scenes harrowing to the soul that we at last
reached the ship that was to convey us to Smyrna ; yet, as if
our cup of adlliction and danger was not yet full, we umaxpeot-
tdly found on board this vessel 34 young women of the ;mat
families, on their road to Constantiueple, by the way of S1411111;4,
sent thither by the Priebe as a present to the Glued Skiver ;--
satiety of them we were personally known to ; the least ado' of
rem oguition ou their part would Lame immediately discovered
us to their Turkish guard, and our lives would have Wen for-
hard. It was with the greatest difficulty that we veiled oar
features from observation, keeping all the day below decks,
anal only for a few hours of the night breathing the mesh air on
deck ; at last we reached Smyrna, were inan,cliatk ly conveyed
on board this Austrian ship, and finally arils eal here.
EXTRACT Of A LETTCIt FitoM A VOLIt.O GIE.OK, DATED
SMYRNA, MAY 15.
My scars BROTilEit,—Prepare yourself on reading dais
letter to summon to your aid the stren6l.ll of your clumacter ; the
blow that struck us is so terrible that all my reason is required
nokto sec.:with under it. This opening alarms yon—estimate
iflece the extent of our misfortunes—we have to weep for our
conatry, the beautiful Scio, in rho power of our has barons ene-
mies—we have to deplore the loss of our numerous family.
'VI all oar relations my youngest sister ahem escaped , by a
miracle, owing to the protection of a generoue Frenchman, she
has been restored to sly embrace. How can I speak to you of
WIC father t Alas! this venerable old mast now inaplerela the
Sepretee Being fur his country, and for lb. unfortunate children
who have survived Lino The following are the details of this
at,adtal atoramtittation:—You know that be and oat two bra-
