BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED:

C. W. Cortield, Norwich, currier.
BANKRUPTS.
W. A. Lesley, Stowmarket, Suttirik. cabinet maker. Solici-
tors, Messrs. Dixon and Son, Gray's Inn Square.
J. Jackson, Coventry, ribbon manufacturer. Sols. Mes,rs.
Long and Austen, Gray's Inn.
J. Edwards, Warminster, Wilts, coal merchant. Sol. Mr.
Williams, Red Lion Square.
J. Adlington, Tottenham, Middlesex, builder. Sol. Mr
Pope, Old Bothlem.
E. Woolley, Bilston' Staffordshire, iron master. Sol. Mr.
Hunt, Surrey Street, Strand.
G. Thompson, Preston, Lancashire, thee...monger. Sol. Mr.
Preston, Sergeants' Inn.
G. Phillips, Old Brentfunl, Middlesex, cabinet maker. Sol.
Mr. Pinch, Brentford Butts.

W. H. Lawrence. Bath, linen duper. Sols.e.srs.M Ad'instals.
and Gregory, Bedford Row.
J. Mains, Trinity. Square, Minories, merchant. Sols. Messrs.
Hicks and Btailunndge, Bartlett's Buildings, Holborn.
T. W. Lloyd, Evain.Worcestershire, felhnonger. Sol. Mr._
A'Beckett, Broad Street, Golden Square.
J. Thompson, Liverpool, factor. Sol. Mr. Chester, Staple
Inn.

S. Kingsell. Blackwall, Middlesex, painter. Sots. Messrs.
Fisher and Mum Lay. Furnival's Inn.
H. Jackson. Great Prestxtt Street. Goodman's Wields,
merchant. Sol. Mr. Thwaites, Eattex Street, Strand.

W. :Nihau, Prospect Place, Southwark, auctioneer. SoL Mr
Pasmore, Wandonl Court, Throgmorton Street.
W. Pierce, High Holborn, wax merchant. Soh, Mesas.
Lowe and Bower, Southampton Buildings.
W. and J. Quinton, Basford, Nottingham, timber dealers§
Sol. Mr. Knowles, New Inn.
J. Millard, Cheapside, linen draper. Sol. Mr. Burfoot,
Temple.
C. Scott. Manchester, brush maker. Sol. Mr. Shaw, Ely
Place, Holborn.
W. Wheeler, Franc. Sornersetshire, timber dealer. Sol. Mr.
Nwcombc, King Street, Golden Square.
DIVIDENDS.
Dec. 16. E. Dickens, Eynsford, Kent, dealer-23, A. Kruse.
Union Court, Broad Street. merchant-Iv, J. Ansley, Star
Court, Bread Street, merchant—i 7, J. Watson and P. Mills
Bishop Wearmouth. Durham, ship builders-16, W. Ruallford;
Halifax. York, woollen manufacturer-20. B. Cooke, Barton
upon Irwell, Lancashire, cotton spinner-16, W. Briant, Ken-
nington, wine merchant—l 6, C. Mottram, ‘Vincliester Street,
merchant-16, 11. Pyefinch, Bucklersbury. merchant-16,
J., and J. Mortimer, Elland. York, worsted spinners-16. A.
Kn4ht, Wilson Street. Mtartields. calenderer-16, T. and T.
Sla&, Bartholomew Close, Smithfield, oil merchants-23, J.
Metcalfe and J. Jeyes. Upper East Smithfickl, oilmen-20, J.
Warner and N. Sthulefield, Greenwich. linen drapers-IS, M.
and G. Naylor. Darlington. Durham, leather dressers-Is, W.
Sorby, North Anston, York, apothecary-18,.1. Batters. South-
ampton. pacer—Hi, C. Ogilvie and W. M'Neilie, Liverpool,
soap boilers.

CERTIFICATES to be granted Dee. 16.
J. James' Cheltenham, innkeel .2—J. M. Redhead, Rother.
lathe, merchant—E. Eyes, Liverpool, dealer—D. Morley.
Cockepur Street, boot and shoe maker—J. Peters, Dorking.
Surrey, lime burner—A. Morton Lower Thames Street, fish
Setor—d. Cutler. Bath, tailor—C. W. F. Aubusson, George
fareet. Hanover Square, patent aid form maker—D. R. Tetley,
Armley, York, dealer—J. Carr, Leed,, factor—J. Roberts.
Alontgomeryshire, fanner—W. Daniel, Bath,
jeweller.

We have received files of American Papers to
the 24,d ult. including- Halifax to the 2d inst. The
accounts received in the Unites], States from Buenos
Ayres, to a late date, state that city to have been iu
a great commotion, in consequence of an army of 2
to 3,000 men, men, under the command of Generals
Lopez, Alvcar, and Carrera, being in the vicinity
for some time, and harassing the inhabitants, cutting
oil' their supplies, &c. These troops, it appears,
wished to place Alvear at the head of their govern-
ment, which was evaded and strongly opposed.
During the last live mouths no lest than fourteen
difibrent governments or factions have been is
power, which had occasioned a complete stagnation
in trade, and many &milks had left the city. Ac-
counts were received at Buenos Ayres, that Artigaii
had destroyed the army of Gen. Ramirez, at Entre
Rios. The Portuguese, it is said, hole to the eastern
side.

His Catholic Majesty's ship Ceres, from 'loran.
nah, had arrived ut Carthagena with flour. Three
G►iucamc►t had arrived ut St. Jago de Cuba front
Africa. The Gen. Arismendi Independent priva.
tier had been taken possession of by a Freneh hog
of war, u•:d erdered fOr Martiniciae.

r

.

I

0111:1011.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27•

FRICK OF STOCKS.
Bank Stock I (Minium 11.
3 per Gent. Red. 4131 Imp. 3 per Cent.
3 per Coat. Consols btit India 130111/11 14.
34 per Cent. 724 India Stuck ISA
4 per Ceut. 844 Exchequer Kills Sc. du.
lb per Ceut. Navy 1064 Coos. for Ar. at 4
Loug Anu. 174 Lottery Tickets £23 180.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

By our Parliamentary report, it will be seen that
the two Houses were prorogued on Thursday last,
and ism they were prorogued—we have been uni-
formly admirers of consistency, and however rare
an occurrence it may be in the present instance, we
applaud ministers.—[" And the Lord commended
the unjust Steward, because he had acted wisely,
for the children of this world are in their genera-
tion wiser than the children of light."]—they had
acted in a way that caused them to fear meeting
the representatives of u people, justly enraged at
their recent conduct, and they therefore determined
to prorogue Parliament—to put off at least, the day
of bitter reproach. A'dissolution is expected forth-
with, and what can ministers promise themselves
from such a measure—can they suppose that the

event of an election at the present moment, can by
any possibility, be auspicious to them. Can. they
anticipate returns to the writs more favourable to
the views of oppression than those that were last
made, when the public execrations had not been

drawn towards them by their intismous, unmanly,
disgraceful, and defeated persecution of the Queen.
Or, is a partial change of ministers contemplated.—
Is it proposed to invert the advice of Hamlet to his
mother to " throw away the worser halt;" and is
it meant after having cobbled tip an administration,
on which only Fouls and Rogues can rely, to appeal

to the voice of the electors, under the belief that
they may be once more cajoled. If such be the in-
tention, to those electors, would we speak in the
stentorian tone of awful prophecy--we would as-
sure them that politically—" Now is the appointed
time, now is the day of Salvation" and that if
they embrace it not,despotism, or revolution, slavery,
or licentiousness, must and will be the unquestioned
lot of their posterity. Ministers- have placed them-
selves in such a dilemma, that resignation itself
cannot shield them from. punishment, unless they
can prevail upon their successors to hold the £gis
of power between ministers and their offences.
On the conduct of the Speaker of the House of
Commons we make no comment While the present
Lords Sidmouth and Colchester held that situation
their impartiality was laudably conspicuous; they
seemed nut to belong to any party—how far the
present Speaker (who is the son of the Archbishop
of Canterbury) may deserve the same praise, we
leave it to our Readers to determine, after toying
perused our account of the proceedings in the House
of Commons yesterday.

The French papers of Tuesday arrived yesterday.
—The Colutilettiomnel contains a letter from

Lisbon of the 7th inst., which, particularly in con-
sequence of the accounts, five days later, brought
this day by the Lisbon mail, deserves attention.—
After stating that the Portuguese did not need the
example of Spain to effect the recent revolution,
inasmuch as every one desired it : the writer ob-
serves, that the present situation of the country
requires all the attention of those entrusted with the
conduct of its afiliirs. Every one expects he adds,
that the King of Portugal will protest rgainst all
that has been done. On the other hand, notwith-
standing the acts of the Provisional Government fir
maintaining the old regulations in favour of English
commerce, the late occurrences must be sooner or
later prejudicial to English manufacturers. Situated
as Spain is, between Gibraltar and Portugal, while
the latter was exclusively an English market, it was
impussitle to prevent a contraband trade in English
goods both in Spa:n t.ud tv the Smith

THE NATIONAL REGISTER'

In conclusion, however, this letter says, " whatever
may happen, Portugal will stick to what has been
done.' •

A letter from Messina, dated the 2 Ist of October,
says that tranquillity is perceptibly re-establishing
in the interior of Sicily.
On the 2d of November Borelli was elected Pre-
sident of the Neapolitan Parliament, Rugg;ero Vice
President, and Dragonetti Secretary.—The Deputy,
Mazzoni, made a motion for the suppression of the
religious orders : that their property should be
divided into small parts, and the produce applied to
objects of public utility. A report was read from
the Minister of the Interior, for abolishing feudal
rights in Sicily, and sent to a connu4tee.

During the late troubles in Palertno, a magazine
of gunpowder blew np, and 49 persons were killed
in consequence,

The Neapolitan journals are filled with offers of
the people, both of money and services in support
of the national independence.

We have heard much of tire insidious labours of
the Dissenters, to draw away the flocks from their
legal pastors ; but never, in our days lift we ever
witness so deliberate a procedure carried on, to drive
every conscientious individual away from his parish
Church, as the measure which was countenanoed by
the Reverend Bench of Bishops to punish an Illus-
trious Individual, without even the form of a trial,
by excluding her name from the Liturgy. Talk,
ndeed, of the assaults of " the Mellwdists," as cer-
tain men choose to designate all who differ from
them on any point—talk of the assault` made by
such men " to overturn the venerable fabric of the
Church of England,"—what are they compared
with the new torpedo which has been introduced by
these " Sons of Wisdom ?" Was it ever known
since the Church of England was established by
law, that Prayers were ordered by authority, of
such a nature as to make whole congregations si-
multaneously, aini by one impular., quit the Church,
and leave the Parson and .the Clerk to finish the
Service alone? If " no alteration whatever can
be made in the Public Service," the building of the
new Churches may be suspended without farther
loss of time, and, crc long, even the old ones will
become untenanted.

We received a Lisbon mail this morning contain-
ing most important intelligence, dated Lisbon, Nov.
12. It is unfortunately of that' imperfect nature
which is just calculated to create anxiety without
at all satisfying it.

According to instruction given, the deputies were to meet at
Lisbon in the palace of the Nceessidados, on the 6th of January,
lege: the number is about 100, and they w-.e to receive a moi-
dare per diem. The sTheine is formed on the Spanish model,
with some modification. The proclamation that accompanied
the instructions is considered as an eloquent production, and is
supposed to have been drawn up by Francisco de Kan Louis. late
professor at the Univessity of Coimbra, and now one of the
members of the Provisional Junta of the Supreme Government
of the Kingdom.
Limos, Nov. 14.—A very unlooked for circumstance has
occurred, which will render the above instructions nugatory.—
An attempt has been made by General Texcir.s, Colonel Anto.
da Silva, and Col. Cabreirm to turn out six of the member.; of
the Provisional junta, at the point of the bayonet. All the
troops were called out under pretext of a review; they were
potted in different parts of the city, ball cartridges were dis..
tribute] among tlitni, and a number of pieces of artillery.
stationed in commanding positions, were loaded publicly, and
the matches kept lighted. The scheme failed in part, Mr none
of the Aleinbers of the Junta were turned out, but the Spanish
Constitution was adopted and sworn to. Lisbon was thrown into
a state of the greateit eons.rnation, but no eacesset were coin.

A singular question has arisen at Stockholm. A
writer, who bus been brought to trial tiif a libel,
exercised the right which the law allowed of nomi-
nating four of his Jurors. In the number he no-
minated Prince Oscar. The Tribunal made a report
to the King on the subject ; and his Majesty decided
shut his son, being called by the Coustitutimi to ti/1
divers political 'Unctions, :mid not be subject to the•
liability of acting as a juror. [he King also held,
that it would be dangerous to public liberty if
Princes were allowed to form part of a Jury. The
libel was a violent attack on the Russian Gwent-
ment in Finland.

By letters from India, brought by the General
Palmer from NI adrus, we learn that some disturbance
has broken out in Kutch, which, though of little
moment, may eventually lead die Supreme Govern-
ment to establish a psition o • the Indui, to keep
the S:indiatis in order, and to be a watch on the
Russian: and Persians ; though any attack from that
varier toast be fital to the invader.


381

LINES,
TO TILE DOKE 0? WiIILLINOTOW.

And is it come to this? Must WELLESLEY'S name
Pass from its pomp a by•wonl and a :Amine
Must the mere Courtier blot from glory's page
The Warrior's deeds, the wonder of their age?
Was it for this you ran your rapid race,
To sink at List into Livi:nooot.'s ilimrace?
Was it for this your Ducal banners rose,
To share your equal laurels with MOITROSe ?
With NEWCASTLE to prove your wisdom's zeal ?
With modest BUC►INOHAIF to think and feel?
And (0 ! consummate bliss to human pride! )
To sit, and vote with CLARENCE by your side ?
flow shall the voice of History justly tell
What heights you mounted, or what depths you fell?
How here Vittoria's deathless deeds declare?
How execrate the Qur•:r:N's Oppressor there?
liow here the fame of Waterloo relate ?
There mark MaJoce i's mean Confederate?
How reconcile the contrast you display—
The Hero to the Minion of the day ?
Oh I if there yet remains some generous part—
Some feeling yet undeaden'd in yottr heart.
Leave to the base, the dastard, and the bad,
What meet rewards from Tyrants may belied:
Leave such to credit all the varying Iles,
Which KsraorEs can weave, or ROYALT r devise ;•
But b it thine, retied from war's alarms.
No-snot? to stain the triumph of your arms—
No more to dwindle from your high career,'
By quenching Glory's blaze in Woman's tear.
Let contrite blushes yet your fame redeem,
Nor t,tand of Britain s cam the branded theme.
• See Mr. DENMAN'S castigation of a Royal Duke.

We perceive the signature of his Royal Highness
the Duke of Clarence to each of four Protests which
appear on the Journals of the Lords against the
withdrawing the Bill of Pains and Penalties—" Let
him wha is without sin cast the first stone." Does
this profligate Duke suppose that the nation has
fbrgotten his debaucheries with Mrs. Jordan, or that
they ever will thrget them, while the impure pro-
duce of that disgraceful connection, the Majors, the
Captains, and the Misses Fitzclarence, are quartered
on the hard-earned gains of a suffering and oppressed
people; or does his Royal Highness suppose that
the people of England can forget that, after having
received her weekly salary ut the treasury of a.
Theatre, he allowed her to breath her last

Deserted in her utmost need
By those her former bounty fed,"
in a state of superlative penury and distress; in fact;
so entirely bereaved of all, as to be at last consigned
to the grave by foreign charity, in little better that)
an old tea-chest for a coffin. The Royal Duke forces
upon us this revival of his disgrace.
COURT Or KING'S BIGNCR,SATUTIDAT, N0v.25.-
A rule was granted to show cause why a criminal
information should not be filed against the Earl of
Westmeath, for provoking Mr. Wood, a trustee fur
Lady Westmeath, to fight a duel.
The report which obtained very general circula-
tion early in the week, that the Bank Directors had
determined to reduce their rate of discount front five
to four per cent , is, we understand, without font).-
dation.

It is said that his present Majesty, while Prince
of Wales, used to speak of a wurihy member of hie•
family, (and they are so scarce that any one may
know who we mean) as " Sillyßilly,"—he might
with greater propriety speak of another, of protest-
ing notoriety, as " Wicked Billy."
From an account just printed, by order of the
House of Commons, in " a Supplementary Report.
of the Committee of the General Assembly," as to
the management of the poor in Scotland, it appears
that the gross funds applied to paupers in Scotland,
amount to 114,1951. 17s. 9d., of which 39,7181.
10s. sd. arc derived from as:essment, the rest being
from contributions ut the church doors ; and other •
funds. In seven out of fifteen Synods there are no
assessments. The non-assessed Synods are Aber-
deen, Murray, Ross, Sutherland and Caithness,
Argyll, Gleneig, and Orkney. Thu paupers are as
one to 39 and nine-tenths to the population.
The revolutionary chiefs who are taken in arms
in the expedition against Naples, ate to be tried and •
treated as traitors to their Sovereign. A motifesto
is preparing for publication.
An A Igerine squadron of two frigates, a galley and
an armed jiolacre, has appeared at Tangiers with nine
merchant vessels ; among which was a Sranis't
trader, and a considerable number of European
slaves.

A letter from Genoa announce, tliiit a Congre%
is to be held at Florence•,
will meet from all the Towers ofly._

A requisition is in pr0;.;r....7, signed by u number
of respectable inhabitants of the parish of St Anne,
Soho, to the Cht.rchwardens, to cull a meeting to
congratulato the Queen on her recent triumph.
(lit Monday, Mr. Birnie, the tnagi:arate of Pow..
weer, received a letter from the Duke of E..?.f.ird
ch.:ul; up.m biy banker tot 10'n. to be
appropriated to the sufferer:: in the late eaLiabitous
tire in Drury-lane.
Mr. Canning arrived in town on Satunlay from
Paris, and on &nutty went to Coumb,:-wand, the •
•-e at of the Earl of Liverpool. We shall not be stir.-
prised to hear of the resignation of both imtnediatOy,
particularly if it is the intention to iivtitute any
farther prccceaing agait:s: ?L'i

- .

_ .

31e

13oact.

MANSION HOUSE.

!

p 1

INTER FSTING sun swairc..—Two natives of the island
Ow% lie e, in the Partin! Ocean, %there Captain Cook lost
his life, welt. beought before the Lord Mayor. They were
and the soils of Chiefs of the Sandwich I.les.
't Ii iI moor, ate Hintze Oh Hoo and Titilllo, and they arc
tin first tiet,ide wf uhnsr barbarous nations that ever set
sipi,t, gl 0111111. It .tad beets the day before
relit eseored to Ills Lordship that site two strangers were
hrotteet to this eunt.try nosier circumstances of at, extra•
nature, end that being drautate sod without mo-
ney, or n knowledge of the language, or power of making
themselves situlerstood, they would in all probability pe-
rish, it some means were out taken to send them back to
their native country.
With some difficulty an interpreter was found. He is
a young American, who had been taken prisoner by the
natives of Owyhee, where he had gone in a scho.oier,
called the Nedhorse, for the put pose of getting smithsl
wood, in which that island a:munds.
The following circumstance, came nut in the coerce of
the examination s-i—On Sunday last the tiergyinaii who
officiates on board the floating chapel in the river Thames,
observed two toreigneas in the apparel of seamen, who
were very attentive during the performance of divine
service, but who gave evident symptoms of never !muse
seen any thing of the kind before. The Rev. gentleman
made diligent inquiries, and fonnd they were two natives
of Owyhee—that they had been brought to thirecosentry
its an American ship, and had no friend but Mr. Tudgay,
rail-maker, and owner of the Ship and Pilot public-house,
High-street, Wapping, who had been supporting them
about two months.
Through the medium of an interpreter, it was stated,
that the two warriors had beets fithing at seine distance
from the shore in a canoe, with three others, and that an
American schooner, which had touched open the island,
fur some of their valuable produce, bore down upon, took
them all prisoners, and sailed towards Europe. In the
Gulf of California, a Spanish privateer captured the
schooner, and took the prise and crew into San Josef,
where tl.e Spaniards min tiered two of their countrymen,
cud made slaves of the warriors themselves. The re-
maining poor stranger contrived to get possession'of a
small Spanish canoe, with paddles, rowed into the ocean,
and was never more heard of.
After some time; during which they worked an slaves,
an American captain, who wanted hands, was accuitiono-
dated with the two warriors. He promised to land them
at Valparaiso, f r whence they could procnre a passage
home, but he did trot keep his word, He sailed on to
England, and in London, lie left them at the house of the
person above, named, who acted with great humanity
towards them. The interdict of the East India Cons•
parry effectually prevents any of our ships from touching
at the Sandwich Isles, and therelose the only alternative
the unfortunate men have is to obtain a passage to some
country which trades with China, or to depend upon the
charity of this metropolis. The wish of the young war-
riors is to return home. They are extremely gentle, good
'humoured, and good natured. Bosse Oh Hoo determin-
ed to adapt his appearance to that of those into whose
society he had fallen, He therefore put on a jacket and
trousers, and cut olf his hair, which, when be was taken,
bung below his knees. 'roams did the moues upon land-
ing. The former is remarkable for his activity and
strength, can hit a pint pot at the distance of filly yards
with the point of his spear, and can dive to the bottom of
90 fathom water.
The interpreter's experience was purchased by great
dangers and fatigue. He is twenty-two yeais of age,and
in Mt had sailed in the Seahorse from Boston, his native
place; to Owyhee for Sandal wood. On the arrival of
'the vessel he and four others were sent ashore in a boat,
.but the moment they reached land the natives seised the
boat, upon which the interpreter's companions jumped
isverboard and swam to the ship, while several of the sa-
vages laid hold of him, and took him up the country about
twenty miles on their shoulders. As he was carried along,
the guns were fired from the ship, but there was no loss of
life in consequence. He was imprisoned fur six months ;
was at first treated harshly, but as soon as he became ac-
quainted with the lougnage of the country, the greatest
kindness was exercised towards him. Upon being set at
liberty, he was tattooed in the moat beautiful manner
about the body, and sent about naked, and if he had staid
• longer, would have been tatooed in the face, the highest
degree of houour. He got a wife, and was made a war-
rior, but he feared that if taken in war he would have
been devoured by the victors, of which he saw numerous
examples during his stay, having been led by the Chief
.Into four bloody battles.—This terror co-operating with
Isis recollection of his mother and brothers, In America,
•deteranisied him to escape as soon as possible. An op-
portunity presented itself io the arrival of an American
ship, and lie contrived to steal en hoard. He lied since
met with many disappointments and fatigues, scud wished
Ismoself hack again at Owyhee. is the first white
mail a ho has resided amongst the natives of the Island.
The Lord Mayor said the account of the two warriors
mac highly affecting, expressed his warm approbation of
the conduct of Mr. Tudgay, and the Clergyinais ; at
the same time expressed Isis apprehension that there
was no fund to be applied to the case of the pour
strangers, except that which might spring from a source
which had a thousand streants—the generous and tative
sympathy of Englishmen.
CORONER'S INQUEST.
On Mondays Coroner's Inquest was bell before Thos.
Stirling, Esq. at the Uuffalu's Heusi, hew-road, upon the
body of AIM Ranting, used Yi years.
After the usual inspection of the body of the deceased by
Ow Jury,
Harriet Rhodeso as examined. Shestated in her evidence
. Ole was midwife to the glary-14,1sone workhouse. She
did nut know the deceased before Thursday last, when she
was seat for to attend her, and the was delivered of a still
born female child at fuer o'clock on Friday morning,—
sios nn snarls, of evidence on the child, which she
Ifinught had been dead about as fortnight.
flue deceased woman had a deep mark meter her left
breast, which, however, she said she had got a lieu young.—
She complained of paths its her left hip; but did dot express
any opinion as to the cause of them, only promising that if
she recovered she would tell witness a history. She had
meeral mirk, on her body which witness was competent dip
slut ;wise from labour palm, but outward violence.--
Navireg heard she laid been miter ill used she sent fur a
