TIIE NATIONAT. RFCIISTFII_

many German papers, the Emperor Francis is about to
resume the title of Emperor of Germany. All the dif-
ferences between Austria and Bavaria, it is now said, are
completely settled by the treaty concluded at Munich,
and subsequently ratified by the Emperor.
The report of additional Austrian troops having been
marched into Alsace, a►.ii of conflicts between them and
tl►e French peasants in the mo►wtains of the Vosges, have
been formally and officially contradicted in the journal of
Colmar.

The project of Sir Sidney Smith far the repression of
the Barbary pirates, and the rescuing of Christians from
slavery, appears to attract considerable attention at Paris.
A meeting of chevaliers, and other zealous promoters of
this laudable undertaking, was lately held in Paris, of
whom Sir Sidney was president; and at which were pre-
sent Viscount De Chateaubriand, Peer of France, Vis-
count Blin & Bourdon, member of the Chamber of De-
puties, Viscount Mathieu Dc Montmorency, who claims
descent from the first Christian Baron, together with se-
veral other eminent persons. It is attributed to the
exertions of our brave countryman, that the grand Seignor
has lately sent an envoy, named Aehmed Aga, to the'
Dey of Algiers, to demand the release of 153 Greeks,
and 3 Austrians ; with which demand the Dey thought
it prudent to comply.
The ditkrent continental papers present instructive
lessons in the fate of the different French regicides and
rebels, who but lately thought to dispose of the fate of
their country. Driven from place to place, they can
scarcely find a shelter for their degraded heads. Arrighi,
the ephemeral Duke of Padua, wished to establish him-
self in Sardinia ; but was refitsed, and went on to Lom-
bardy, where was not anticipated that he would meet
with a better reception. .Ameil, whose treachery on the
breaking- out of the last rebtilion was so marked and
odious, was seized in Hanover, attempting to escape in
disguise. It is supposed that he will be demanded by the
French Govtrnment, and of coarse will be given up.
Roger Ducos has terminated his miserable existence by a
tiefrom a carriage neer Ulm. Fouche, ex-Duke of
Otranto, conceals himself in privacy at Dresden ; as do
Cambaceres and Excelmans at Brussels.

Paris Papers to Thursday last have been received.
The discussion upon the Budget continues in the Chamber
of Deputies, and several more of the articles have
been agreed to; among others, an article for prohibi-
ting the introduction of colonial produce by land. The
salt duties are to receive a small but temporary increase.
'Some individuals of the town of the Alencon have re-
ceived orders to (pit it in :24 and to repair to
the places pointed out for them.
The King is sufficiently recovered to be able to quit his
apartments.
The private letters arc, as usual, much more inte-
resting and important than the Paris Papers.
The day after the new Law of Elections was passed
by the Chamber of Deputies in an amended state, a de-
putation was sent with it to the King ; who, upon
receiving it, told the deputation gull earieerait ; expres-
sions which have the same effect in France as here, and
which mean that the King rejects the Bill or Law pro-
posed to him. Affairs will thus remain in stain quo.
No new Law upon the Elections will be proposed. The
discussion upon the Budget. will proceed; and as soon as
that is pa.ssed through the two Chambers, the King will
prorogue them till October ; when, it is said by our
Correspondent, " the Members composing the present
Chamber of Deputies will be again called upon for the
framing of a Bill of Elections; as no partial renewal of
the Representative Body can take glace until the organi-
zation of the Electoral Colleges shall have 'been fixed on
by ts,definitive law, in tionfhroity with the th Article
of the Charter. Without the Low of Election, his Ma-
jesty would feel some difficulty in exercising owe of the
most important and essential prerogatives of the Crown ;
namely, that of dissolving the Chamber."
But the Deputies are expected to adopt some resolu-
tion before the prorogation, expressive of their displea-
sure at the King's (trivalent, or rejection of their law.
Reports of changes continue, but are not much credited.
One report states, that M. Laine is to replace M. Barbe
Marbois, and Pasquier to succeed the Minister of the
Interior. The Minister of Police is also expected to be
replaced.
In the night of the Gth, a Lady of Luxemburgh
and her two young children were assassinated. The
perpetrators of this crime have not yet been discovered.

+
The Paris Papers of Thurs:lay sc'nnight contain the
Debate nn the proposed Law of Election. The project
proposed by Minisiers has been rejected, though they
employed the name of the King, and used flattery and
reproof alternately; but all their efli,rts were lost on un
Assembly whose decision was fixed before the discussion
began. The amendments proposed by the Committee
were carried by a great majority; and some of the Mem-
bers, who spoke in the sense of the &Tort, treated the
Ministers with very little dt6.rence.
