REISSIAN AND AMERICAN TARIFFS.

No. goods of one colour, and p/ain, withent gold and
silver, velvets, gros de tours, satin, taffetas, lerantine, and
Serge, to be imported to Petersburgli only, 25 per cent ; ribands
(except for orders), to he imported to Petersburg"' only, 25 per
cent.; cassimere of all colours, 2., 0.0 ; spectacles, lo per cent. ;
white crockery-ware, 25 per cent.; sh lugs for musical instru-
ments! 5 per cent.; blankets and coverlets, ++ bite, to be import-
...l to Petersburgh only, 25 per cent. ; mahogany, 10 per cent. ;
beechwooci, z , imacis, a per cent. ;
prints and paintings, 25 per cent.
No. 2.—Carpets, gold and silver, to be imported to Peters.
burgh only, 25 per teat. ; rarors, knives and forks, sei,sai
snuffers, penkiii+ev, &c. 25 per cent. ; tiles, saw., and other
'fon instruments, 5 per cent. ; beaver and otter skins, and nowr
foreign fors, 25 per cent. ; French cambric', to be imported to
Petersburg's only, 25 per rent.: twist, dyed and white, it silver
rubles, per po. ; white kinclacks, 2.5 per cent.; paper, all sorts,
white, 25 per cent. ; ostrich feathers. 20 per cent. ; apples, 125
co. per 2 ankers ; brandy, arrack, shrub, 10 ro. s. permsker ;
perfumery, 50 co. per bottle ; porter 20 ro. per barrel.

No. S.—Cocoa 123 co. silver per po. ; chesnuts, 75 ditto ;
fruits, in lign•r, 13 en. silv.; sago, Iv 3 co silt'. ; rice, 13 co. per
po. ; hops, 12.5 co. ditto; dyed woollen yarn, 1475 co. per po. ;
lioicksiYver, 25c0. a. ; soot, 2.5 cm oily. ; sugar, 150 co. silt'.
sugar in loaves, 375 co. ails. ; wait to be imported to the 11.dtic
only, 1.5 co. P. ; cheese, 5 ro. s. : whalebone, 230 Co.; coffee, 3
ro. ; indigo, t5O co. ; cochineal, 750 ; wire, 50 CO.; vitriol oil,
1.50 co.: venetian soap, 1 ro.; nuts, 1 ro. per pd.; coals, 30 co.
per hr. ; logwood, 50 en. ; nic.tragna, 1 ro. per bq..; watchra
(except what are prohibited), 15 per ro. ; stockings, ditto ditto,
20 ro.

No. 4.—Cider, 2; en. per bottle ; soga. 50 co. ditto ; French
wine, 2 ro. s. per bled. , ditto in bottles, 25 co. per bottle ; her-
rings. Swett. 25 co. per barrel; ditto English acid Hatch, 160
en. ; sineg,ar, 625 co. per laid.; cloth (except u hat is prohibit-
ed) 125 co. s. per arch. ; birds, 2i co. per piece ; oranges and
lemons, 50 co. per 300 ; noires and stallions 23 ro. cult ; tin
plate, 62.1 ro. per 450 sheets ; cocoa nuts, 115 co. per 10 pds.
tiles, 1 ro. per 100 p.

The &Plies in roubles are understood silvcr; a 4 rn. N.B.
The per cent. is to be taken from die value, aecording to the
exchange.

We have obtained the particulars of the American Tariff, as
amended by the House of Itepresviitativ es. The alterations in
the Senate, we believe, were not of any importance. The fol.
lowine; is a isrief outline of duties, to,commenee Qom the 30th
ofJune:—

At per cent. ad ealorem—Dying drugs and materials for
composing them ; watches, jewellery, gold and silver lace. At
15 per cent. ad riorem—All articles not free, and sot subject to
any other rate of 'duty. At 20 per cent.—Linen of every de-
scription, hempen, and sail-cloth, stockings, gloves, whether of
silk, wool, or cotton, printing types, and printed books. At 22 -
per cent.—All articles manufactured from brass, copper, iron,..
steel, pewter, lead, or tin ; plated and japanned wares. and fire-
arms. At 25 per cent.—All cotton and woollen goods, with -
the exception of Nankeens and China. At 30 per cent.—Chi-
na and earthenware, glass of every-description, millinery and •
perfumery of every description. At 35 per cent.—Cabinet •
wares, and all manufactures of wood, leather, and ready-made
clothes.—Then follow specific duties :—Free of all.thaties—Plii-

losophicui upparatus, books, thr the use of Societies or Se-
minaries of Learning ; unnsunatitctured copper aid brass; hides,
r.kiss, and dyeAvoods.

DREADFUL ERUPTION..:.

A volcano broke out at the mountain of Tombnio, in the island
of Sumbawa, near Java, in April ten, the eruption of which
was by far the moot violent that ever happened in the history
of the world, far exceeding in the extent of its effects any of
the eruptions of Vesuvius, /Etna, or Elecla. There is undoubt-
ed testimony of its having been heard at Forts Marlborough
and Peilmrg, on the Island of Sumatra, nor a thousand mile,
from the mountain. At Termite, 700 miles distant, the explo-
sion reStwnbletl a firing at sea; so shut a vessel was ordered'to
.rhase in the directioirof the sound, to discover its cause. At
Batavia, 600 miles otf the sashes of the windows were so
shaken, that they required to be fastened. The qnantity of
ashci thrown out is almost incredible. At Ban nioangie, a town
in Java, 180 miles off, the whole country was covered to the
depth of eight inches. At Macassar, 220 miles distant, to lee-
ward, thc Company's cruiser Benares had some pert of her
decks covered a foot thick with them. The quantities within
a hundred miles of the volcano were most tretnemiturs ; cover-
ing up forests and towns, audfilling up deep wallies ; even the
contour of the coast being altered by them, As they were
liglitcrthan water,ehey swam about the sea, resembling islands,
so as to stop the progress of ships. The darkness produced by
the vast quantity of dust in the stir was ten 'lie. At Macassar,
Yttl miles off, on the 13th, and part of the 13th of April, it was
pitch dark, so that persons could not even see their hands in
the midrib ~r/the day. The destruction to the unfotunate in-
habitants in She vicinity the mouiltains has been dreadful.
At Sangier, a town ahem 15 miles men, horses, cattle,
Houses, extensive forests, atid•whatever came in ;lie way of a
whirlwind occasioned by the eruption, were carried into the air,
and never more heard of. Of all the inlutbitants of the towns
of Toinhoro and Peccato, which amounted to 11,000 persons,
only 26 remain, who fortunately had gone a journey to the east-
ward at.the time. A dreadful famine has been the consequence ;
all tin; corn, fruits,and animals near the spot, havo-been de-
stroyed ;. the splines covered ;:p ; and wherever water could
lie found, it haribecome as() nosions a nuallty, as to occasion
immediate sit.kmess to those who drank it. 'the cattle and
'horses, at a cottsiderable distaito..,• have died for want of food,
In melancholy numbers. Even the Rajah of Sangier, one of
the richest and most powerful natises sof the district, lost• a
daughter from starvation, and the in -reality would have been
still greaten, but :or Use !il.lllllllity the Lieut.-Governor. of
Java, S. RSOICS, Es+ who, on bear* the situation attic
explosios, anticipated. its (Would! cousequenseß, and sent- -.
I.some vessels laden with rice to the wretdied autiorers.

'!AY 20.

kS'ir ROBT. WILSCN end Capt. HUTCHINSON.

The following is the, determination of the Prince Re-
gent respecting Sir Robert Wilson mid Captain Hutch-
inson—and, whilst the whole country acknowledges the
• mildness of his Royal Highness, the parties themselves
must add, to that feeling of contrition which we hppe
they have, a deep sense of gratiaude for the moderation
displayed by the Prince Regent; unexpectedmoderntion
it must be to Sir 11. Wilson, who in the following paragraph
of hislett cr to LordCrey, published in thez`xt of Amu sat ion,
contemplated a more seriws mark of his Sovereign's dis-
pleasure: " lle does not dissemble the unpleasant conse-
quences of his cnterprizc—hc was not ansbitions to be
imprisoned, or to lobe his Commission: but Alie-was re-
signed on both points."
GENERAL ORDERS.
'• Horse Guar*, May 10,1516.
S.) Ion: as Major-General Sir Robert Wilson and Captain J.
Hutchinson, of the Ist or Grenadier Regiment of Foot
Guard,., were mutter trial, the Commander in Chief abstained
front making any observation on their conduct.
"Thu foul 5edi04..1...•i1w now terscivated, the Commander
in Chief has received the Miner... Regent's commaittls to declare
his Royal Highness's sentiments on the transactions which have
1141 to the trial and conviction of those Officers.
"In the instance of Major-General Sir IC Wilson, the I'rinee
Regent Blinks it mrcessary to express his high displeasure that
an tftficer of bisf-Aantling iii kis Majesty's service, holding the
commission amt,reeeiving the pay a Major-General, should
Lamest een so muntindfid of what was due to his professitin,as",..ll
as to the ()over 1111 l mit under whose protection he had vokmta-
rily placed himself, as to have eugageil in a measiii e the declared
object ofvvhirh was to counteract the laws and defeat the public
justice of that country. Nor does his Royal Hielmess consider
the means by which this measure was ac'' ollIpliACII as icisrepre-
hensible than the act itself. For his Royal Highness cannot
admit that any ciriminsti.nee could justify a British Officer in
having obtained. under false pretences, passports in feigned
names from the Representative of his own Sovereign, and having
Made use of such passports for himself and a subject of his Most
%Christian Majesty, tinder sentence for high treason, disguised
in a British Uniform. not only toeltude the vigilance °lithe French
in.,veniment, but to carry him in such disguise through the
British lines. While the Prince Regent cane it but consider it
as a material aggravation of Sit R. 'W otlence, that holding
so high rank la the army, lie should have countenanced and
ellennea"etl an interior Officer to commit a serious and decided
breach of military duty, his Royal Highness,' nevuolieless thinks
it eipially necessary to express his high displeasure at flue ewe-
duct oft...apt. J. H. Hut"ltiuson fur having been Ilion:elfin] arrive
Instrument in a traesuotion of so culpable a nature, more espy.
chilly in a counter in amity with his Alifi,ssty, where the regi-
ment with which lie was serving in the enurse of his nullities:,
duty, formed part of an army wlUelt had been played by the
Allied Sovereigns matter the command of the Duke of 11 , lliu~ton
nailer circumstances which Illsde it peculiarly incumilient upon
every Officer of that army to abstain front any conduct which
might obstruct the execution of the laws.
" His Royal Highness the Prince Ittrreit being nowillinr to
visit these Officers with the full weight 6C iii 6 tl:spica•otre, which
the complexion of their offence might leave warts; 11, :11111 also
taking' consideration the &genic of poinishinent to which
they have subjected themselves, by violating the law* of the
country in which this transaction took place, has signified to
the Commander in Chief' these his sentiments, that th, v should
be pnblislted to the Army at large, in order to record in the
most public manner tho strolls( sense which his lioval
entertains of the flagrant misconduct of these (Hiltless, and of
the danger which wou:d overlie to the reptitatiou anthliscipline
of the British Anny, if such an offence were to pasivvvitlitiat a
decided expression of his Royal Highness's most severe repre-
hension. "By Order of his Royal Highness,
" THE cONIMANDER IN CHIEF."

Two Thighton fishermen have discovered a rich bud of
ovsters, •vtl;ich they calculate extends inure than sit miles,
situate,: nail% ay in Ale clotntiel between Brighton and I)ieppe.
A toad doe, while running through Itrusm.!s in the burin-
t►ine of last month, bit twent)-se vett persons, all of whom have
since died,

Sir N. William Wrivill on Thiircday ro' branch, up to the
C out Ilfliing's !tench to reeeile sentune... fora libel on Count
oronzow, the Itu.sian Authassa•ior. lie %las entenceal to he
confined six months in the King's Bcuch prison, and to pa) a
tine of 5001.

On Wedne.day the son of Mr. Felton, of Senth:me,
e.•nd,•d u tree to take it rouh'2, imst, Last fell theceirioo, awl %sus
killed on the spot.

Sanguine Lopes are entertained of a plentiful cear•cf ap-
ph•s. 'flit. blo,sows are but now opening, %viten la:, mo.t
periods ,if the sluing are past and the.pi ice a cider
Ls fallen %cry considerably in the prospect.

The prisoners in Newzate, Dublin, made, an attempt on
Saturday seMnizlit, to humk out of that prison.--They had
sized and tli.arine.l four of the .eittittels at the time it u.
4144C44V,41't IL The jailor, aided by the guard, eittleas mired to
i';,...;ade. them ; but they retioed, and attempted to horst
through the hi (41 i 1 whielyt hey had made. One of them
(Peter Woods) was shot dead, three %%ere w dell, and the
rest then submitted. About 109 prisoners w,re engsaged
tbe attempt.—Coroner's Verdict. Jusiiti...ble itund*idt..
Is the King's Ilene!), Dublin, oil Fridij*, a y mint barrister
moved for an attachment against two tamers of the County of
Sligo, for an outrageous contempt of the,proeusA of the Court.
it appeared by the utti.latit of the proeesg-server, that upon
serving the writ, they laid 1114.1 of bins, lege.ged him lasi.
0111.1tonse ; and there, by threats and bowie:loon,, aetital:y
compelled him to eat JII4I 1414 41143 W the proeesg,—Their
ships greeted the attuelloictit and an °icier to substantiate the
s,•l vice.

A Coroner's ingne.,t trait held at Portontouth on the body of
Jan, litmlnek, who pui,otteit hermit' on Thursday evr if. She
;tad lately betto a bervinit in respevitillie families; anti it was
known to Der friend% she Wet': Ws:111111y allllol4.ii Ina y 1111111( 1111111
to labourer,) isf.o. nit 31titeity. %%as mart ied to attether fette.lei
Thi% rit ettat.!aitee, tot:edit r st itit the enasitivratitat of her hu,.
it hceu out °Orr% iee for some time, impulsed her to the tier—
rentte re•olation of spreatlinc smite rat pow& r, which Was
toned it lane portion of atsenir, mum her !tread and bents.,
which she ate as she, rat at tea with the fr:tiiiy ohms re•
ste.etl. hIIC "Intli;red uteat a4.:ny tar several liJur,, and then
‘'erdiet- -.Lunacy.

THE NATIONAL REGnittt

MUNGO PARK.
-.......-

Every circtimstence that can elucidate the fate of the ex•
plover of Africa is hetet esting, although, from the length of
time that has elapsed since he was last heard of, the probability
of his being in existence is so as scareelv to afforil
the most distant ray of its being realized. The following i-,
however, It singular coincidence, and there call be nu doubt
but the white men therein mentioned might be Park, and pro-
bably his fellow-traveller Lieut. Marty.; particularly as it is
known they embarked on the. •Niger with only three of their
companions, and also that nu pvrsons, as is there described,
conid ',assails, he in the interior of that country, and !similarly
situated, Lint them. The manner in which this information has
been obtained is rather singular, but there seems no reason to
doubt of its correctoess. It appears that some time Since a gen-
tleman accidentally observed in Loudon a seaman whom he hail
seen at Cadiz, w here he sell kuown from his having been
in Africa, mid at •rombuctoo, a city winch no white person
benne has beeu able to reach, although it is the great object
of European research. This seaman, whose name is Robert
Adams, be longed to the American ship Charles (and is a native
of America, born on Iludsoies river), and was wrecked Oct. 11,
ale, near a small place called El Gazie, on the African coast,
to the northward of Cape Blanco; and, with the rest of the
crew, made peipeoers by the Mborsi After some short time
the whole were cm %eyed by the barbarians across the great
desert to tiondenny,' thence to 'lombectoo, experiencing
the greatest fatigue and hardships. After a slavery itt various
places Mr four years, and undergoing every erne{ treatment, he
a as so fortunate as to have his ransom effected by Mr. Dupuis,
the consul at 3101:adore, front whence lie most to Fez; obtained
a rssage to Cadiz, a here he remained mail peace with the
United States was concluded, and tiltimate:y arrived in Lou.
don. He states, that among the negro slaves at Wed noon
(where, fr his being it a bite new, he attracted great notice)
was a %101114111 who said she came from a 'duce called KAIMO
lung may across the desert, and that she had seen in her owu
country alike men, 114 white as " bather" (meaning fist. white
aid:), and in a large boat with two high sticks in it, with cloth
upon UK at, and that they rowed this boat in a manner dtflerent
front the custom of the negroes, who use paddles. In stating
this, site made the motion of rowing with oars, so as to leave no
doubt that she had seen a vessel in the European fashion, and
matined by a bite people. Admits at rived at this place August
e 3, tall. and remained there till September lola.
Of the slaves purchased at 'I ombnetoo and other places,
and brought by the atoms and Arabs across the great desert,
come from countries sery far to the eastward ; it is therefore
not improbable to suppose, that the place from whence this
woman came might be the kingdom of Ghana, or (7ano, on the
Niger, lying between the loth and lath elerres E. Latitude.
Supposing this correct, the curious ttl.rtmon of this person will
anon, reasonable ground fur conjecturing that Park Imee made
lintlier pi ogress on the Niger time Wire the 'Mile states he
parted a tit him; and as Paßl.'s death by drowning, together
with his companions, unly occurred the day after the guide
gave lip his charge, he could not have made any great progress
in his voyage. The time that intervened beta elm the depar-
ture of Park (ram tiansanding, :tor: he embarked on the
Niger the 17th of November 1503, and his reported death at
Sills either in Mardi or early in April 18013, would greatly ad.
mit of his having reached a territory inure distant than Kamm.
That this enterprising traveller has met his death is almost
certain, but the time, place, or circumstances under which it
occurred, are enveloped iu mystery, and rest alone on the bare
assertion ofhis guide, who, it moist be recollected, was trot an
es c.aituess of the event, hut obtained the information from
others.

. _
At Wed-noon, the only witite person whleh Adam found there
was a Frenchman, who had been FilipUrtekl'll and taken into
slavery. The temptation which had brew held out to this man,
as is invariably done by the tollowers of Alalimuct to all Chi i••
tians who unfortunately fall in their power, etas too stron4 for
him to resist. Ile had therefore turned 31aniiinetan, and was
in consequence circumcised, by winch means he was immedi-
ately removed from slavery, allowed to Marry, and was the fa-
ther of several children. At this place he had resided twelve
)eal-. and obtained a livelihood by malsiii,7 guuponder, which
was purchased with great avidity by the Moors and Arab, all
of %%1111111 were entirely ignorant of the process used in its mann-
rieture. This secret the Frenchman studiously kept from
them, and alwass made the gunpowder :thole in a room of his
house, to %%tacit no one rise had access. It is repo:ted he is
since dead.

STA 'NW.

II- Mr. P. T.. rottaTirn, Sung at the Annivers,ary Dinner of the
'Literary Fund. atter the Toast. .`The Navy and Army," to the
Air of the German Masonic Ilynut, arranged as i! Gle: by W.
SHIELD. Esq.
SINCE the day-star of peace nit!' mild radiance is shining,
And Science and Genius again rem- their head,
W reincitther the chiefs, who, their valour combining,
For Fret doin, and Seienee,and Genial, have bled:

CHORUS
Hail! Hail! Hail! to patriot feeling dear,
Ye to whose tropiiied fame
We consecrate the grateful tear!
Noble Hone led the van. in this noisiest contention;
liridport,Jervi:, and Duncan maintain -it it andr:e,
Till Nelson, who knew with his toes ma convention,
Exploded tireir hopes 411 the shiner, of the Nile.
hail! Hail! Hail! :xe.
Neptrme Ofllls'll. 31111 Wag 4:llcui a lisps, In glory,
on Egypt's drear plain;, in Ills plenitude come:
'Tons the peat Abercrombie. n hose death :slid utiose story,
The pride 01..1+6 country, we fondly
Hail! Hall! Hail! &c. Ege.
Vet Wellington lives!—May be live to embellish
The dearly-won laurels illatti'd Waterloo;
Feel for antis no unfitness, liar ease no de•relish;
And, should ditty demand it, It frillTll:4l\
Hail! hail! Hail! &e. tic.
Nine nor Nary and Army still reliant: united,
While the ()antler of sear is by justice inifurril,
Nor desist, till their • al er their emintry
The St. Mors of llti.atii! the praise of the II °rid!
Hail! Hail! Hail!

The French papers Ma':, that as the English at Paris
no longer :Tend litr;ze sums of money, the enhabitants
have ofF the custom of prefixing Milord to th,eir
names. Th-. 7 sultl„ betinv the Itevolit6m the
travel:l from curiosity; they now trava tious,*.etve.only.

'll3

From Mc LONDON GAZETTE, Tuesday, May 14.

IVhitcholl, May 3, talc.
lila Royal 11 ightwcs the Prince Reg..nt has been pleased, in the r ame
and on behalf of his Majesty, to declare and ordain, that hit Se-
rene Ifigimesi Leopold George Frederick. Duke of Saxe. filargray.,of
Meissen. Landgrave ddf 'Flturinglitu, Prince of Cobourg of Sault...id.
consort of her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Att.tfutzt, shall
take. hold, and enjoy, during the tam of his natural lite, in all
scinblie. in' meeting. vilist,oever, the precedence and rank thil.iwine ;
that is to say, before the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury. the Loni
Chancellor. and all other Great Officers, and before the Duke, ierfer
than and except the Dukes of the Blood Royal) and all other Peer. of
the Realm.

er.r.en-office. Irby It, 1816.
81ENIIIF.111 retuned to serve in this pru.ent PAr. I.IAMIEYT.
Town and {'art of itye--John .laberly of shirk,. House, in the
county of Surrey, Esq. in the room of Thomas Philips Lamb. Esq.
who has accepted the (mike of Steward of his Majesty': Manor of Eas
lietuired, in the county of Berks.
Borough of 11.;Ifast—I.ieut-General John Michel. of Dowlig, county t
of lkirset. in the room of Sir Stephen May. Bart. who {lRa:co...laud the
°Nice of Collector of time Customs in the port of Belfast..

'BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
E. Williams, of Plymouth Dock. ironmonger.
_ .

BANKRUPT. -
R. Ronr.wr s, late of Ludlow, Salop; glover, '3lay 21. 22, June 25,' at
the Sun. Ludlow. Att. Mr. liightntion, Scots-yard. Bush-lane.
J. CLAY, of Kingston-upon-llull, merchant, May 25. 28, June 25, at
the George, Kingston-upon-Hull. Atts. Sykes and Co. New-inv.
A. BAnToN, of Heisted, victualler, May 22, 27..1unc 25, at the MILO.
mer 'favern. Atts. Dax and Co. Douglity.street.
T. II E ItrEL. Lge of South Myth Northumberland, merchant, May
24, June 13..5, at the Commercial !iota, North Shields. Acts. Mit-
chell and Co. Fowkes-buildings Tower-street.
J. DAIrIE., Camiarthcu, linen-ansper. May 28. 49. June 25, at the
Talbert Um. Carmarthen. Acts Bleasdale and Co. Nts-inn.
W. SMALL, of 'l%.unton. Sontersadtire. vintner, June 5, ti, 25, at
Taunton. API. Mr. Staple-inn.
J. CnArnw. of Manchester, auctioneer, May 27, 29. June 25, at Cie
White Bear, Manchester. Att. Mr. Ellis, Chancery-lane.
G. Won t.nn nut:. jun. of Plaistow. Sussex, grocer, June 5,6, 25, at
the half Moon. Petworth. Atts. Dyne and Co. Lineela's-itin-tielsfs.
J. Column Lu, late of IliO-street, SL Alary-le-borie. raipenter, May
21, VS, June 25, at Gm7ulurll. Atts. Greens...ell and Co. Bentinck-
street, Manchester-square.
H. STAVXES, lute of Arupthill. Bedfordshire, grocer. May 20. 21,
June 25. at the Red Lion, &Aim!. AtL Mr. Meredith, Lincidn' a-
inn Nev:-square.
T. Cu Esti inn. of Aston Rogers. Salop. miller. May 27. 25, Jane 25.
at the Guildhall. Shrew-bury. Atts. Presland and Co. Brunswick-sq.
W. BOURNE and .1. T. BACHE, of Bridg,north, Salop, millers. May
31, June 1.25, at the Castle Inn, Bridgnorth. Atte.. Baxter and Co.
Furnivaredmi.
M. HorGirroN. of Liverpool, tail.sr, Jane 5. 6. 25, at the Golden
I.;sn, Liver;.ool. Att. 31r. Chester, Stank-inn.
T. Noun's, of Freeman's.court. Conthill. merchant. May 21. V,.
June 2.i, at GuildlialL Atts. Switincand Co. Fretleriek's-pl. O. Jewry.
B. FASSON, of Aldersgtde-street, goldsmith, May IS, 28, June 25, at
Guildhall. Att. Mr. Netth:fiikt, Norfolk-street, Strand.
W.HE.st:n, of Rumford. Essex, timber-dcaler, May 25, June 1, 25,
at Guildhall. Atts. Russen and Co. Crown-court. Aldersgate-stro t.
W. COLEMAN, of Chart. Kent. dealer, May 25. June 1, 23. at tiudl-
hall. Att.,. Debary and Co. Gat-..re-inn-fields.
W. liCin I xs, of Sunderland, sceeltatian. June 4,5, 21, at the Bridge
Inn, Bishop Weannotith. Att. Mr. Illakiston.Symond's-inn.
J. Ilitoostt, of Brokenborough, Wiltshire. dealer, May 23, 24, hide
25, at the White Lion, Bath. Atta. Jenkins and Co. New-inn.
R. Trux iat, of Faversham, Kent. miller. May Is, 22, June 23, at
Guildhall. Mt. Mr. Spidall, Aldersgate-street.
W. SCOTT, of Portsmouth, wine-inerchant, May IR, 25, June 25, at
Guildhall. Atts. Wealeson raid Co. Austin Friars.
T. NES TT, of Bishopsgate-street, upholsterer, May 21, es. June 25.
at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Thomas. Fen-anirt, Pencktirth-street.
J. TAIPC, of West Teignarouth. Deveuslaire. tailor. Jutie 4.5.25, at
the London flow!, West Tcigimiouth. Att. Mr. (lore. If atton-garet.
C. and .1. HAVES, of the 1 Jewry, merchants, May is. June 25,
at Guildhall. Au. Mr. Hackett. New-court,
J. LE piN E, of Canterbury, cabinet-staked, flay r, 41...11kne 25, at
the Guildhall. Canterbury. Atts. Collett and Co. Chancery-lane.
J. Aaravr, of Kevrave, Suirolk. vierehant, May :to. 31. June .z 3, at
the Crown, 'Woodbridge. Atts. Taylor and Co. Veatherstone-build.
DI VI IfENDS AT GUII.DIIAI.L.
June 4, J. Adcock, St. Mary Axe, druggist.
June 4, .1. Bayne, Paternoster-row, straw-hat-manufaerrcr.
June 4, S. Clark, Comniercial-road, hoop-bender.
June a. E. Baker, Shefrurd, paper-maker.
June 3, .1. Peters, Portsmouth, merchant.
June 4, W. and T. Dinghy. 'raviitock-street.-linen-drapers.
June 8, H. and C. Rugg, Austin-friars, siltnien.
June 11, C. Bayly, Henrietta-street, linen-draper.
June 15, G. Cox ,jun. Exeter, seeds-man.
Jutk. 8, J. Vans :Ind.!. W. Bullock, (7ullum.srmet. merchants.
June it, W. Nix, Royal Exchange. medicine-vender.
June 11. T. Stracy. A. C. Greville„ &J. Fah:an, Prince's-sf. sllknten.
June 4. C. SitnUius. Deeonshire.squareonerehant.
May Is, J. Hind, Whitechapel, timplateswoiher.
Jun, 4. W. Wool. Iligh-street. Lambeth, cooper.
Jane 'l'. Kirkby, Newitum-street. limner.
.1, me 11,.1. Luke. ileapside, shoettiaker.
Joke 1.'1% Gurney, Stanhope-street. &Id-merchant.
Jime 1. S. flown and 'l'. 11. Scott. St. Mary Hill, merchants.
June il, J. A. Deschamps. I toward's:pl. cletkenwell, engino_ruynen
DIVII)EN DS IN TIIECOUN'I'IIY.
.rune .t, SW. Taylor, Liverpool, merchant, at the George, Liverpool.
Jurk. is, W. l'oitans, Birmingham, bran-founihn, at the lloyal Hotel,
Birmingham.
Jane 21. W. Itowdl; r, Madeleyp, maltster. at the Tontine, Madder.
June 5. J. Helmer:wk, Aladedley, wine-dealt:. at the Ito. bti k, Nor.
castle-under-l.yitie.
June 14..1. Rymill, Sliptton-upomSttna, currier, at the Garr,
Ship- 'a..
June 4-1. tl'Ard. Beech,. merchant, at the-Whliel ion. Berries.
June It. Alktratt, Manchester, merchant, at the Morley Arms,

Istrathester.
CEIITII.I('ATES, Jr:if 11. Proctor, Liverpool, draper—
T. 'llornher. Celne, cotton-nuottrfagnarer—J. Appleton. Stockton,
hooka ller--1). Ilietchelour, Farnham, timbermeereluint—A. Ford.
Rinningl•am. victualler-1. Amin. Can•ltaltoa. paper-inaker—G.
11tetharm Nl.:rquiii at Wellington Judi:mum, mariner—W. F. wood.
Katt'. l'onbrielge. banker—J. Porde. Whiteliaven. draper—J. Collinb,
Crec Chetreii-hone, cuppvr-plate-printer—J. and J. 1st:11, lion, mer-
chant:.
PA itTNEitsitips ntssol.N-rn.
Gray and Thoma. Taciatoek-street. tr.lors. •
~ Tonbriel,-,c sutgol s.
Mase4ll eijineller, Wolverhampton, grocers.
.1. and Telfonl. York, seedsmen.
:yre. Mmehretcr. eallendercrs.
W. and %. :%Itisgrieve. Leeds, dyers.
Tailrew and Owl:, P.idefnnl, ilestl-necnehants.
S':uw Wolverhampton, tallow-chandlers.
T. and J. Ilerrnonelsey. shipwrignts.
Treneharel and Chatiey, 'lliornborougli, clothiers.
aml Hood. flax-dem-see&
S. anti S. Iketiaon, liergate, hardwaremen.
Cortingliion anal Fry it. North Stoke* millers.
W neerdey aret Avenueroc-lane, newspaper-vctiders.
lAiee. cnti coal-ithestel-$.
lAwren-ein and Wicrwiek. hnticy,
l'eAlliTiniinet and Co. Liverrcael. straw-hat-manufacturers.
Silv.•cter mnl I Adel., NeveTort, lignor.nicmlll4lll.
TarthOi anti llttlefivd, wine-werenr-rita.

i•
