Indeed, if we wish to discover and to amend our fault', it 19
more likely that we shall learn them from our avowed ad-
versaries than our professed fri:uds ; and as a general prin-
ciple we recommend to all who set out in search of good to
imitate the bee, which culls from every flower all the sweets
that it can find, and overlooks not even the most noxious
weed in the search. To be plain, we dislike the maxim of
doing in all things the reverse of any one man, especially
if he be avowedly a man of great talents ; for in that case
we surrender our judgments entirely, and form to our elves
a bad model expressly on the rule of acting by contraries.
As for the other idle principk, of prying into h arts rather
than examining conduct, it 's assuming too much o. the
Divinity, and thinking not only that we are ‘• of Goa,"—
that our power is " from God,"—but that we possess the
very attributes of God himself, and that all hearts be open
to us; than which nothing can be more v .in and impious.
How liable it is to palpable error may be seen in this, that
Mr. Pitt, though he poke many years for the abolition of
the Slave Trade, was supposed very falsely to have no hear;
in the cause, merely on account of the delay which his
colleagues managed to produce; and England was. in 1814,
accused by the French of mean views of self interest in
proposing the abolition, with the hope that the energies of thQ
French colonies would hereafter be crippled by the want
of slaves.

We have said enough against this erroneous test of
human conduct, by imputtn4 motives opposite to the very
action; and, leaving the French Government to deal as it can
with its former slaves in St. Domingo, will nut violate our
own rules by casting the slightf st suspicion on the motives of
the good King of France. Still we shall never shrink from
examining his conduct ; and Ave sincerely declare that we hail
with unmixed joy and exultation this certain good, which
Lord Castlereagh has effected in his late negociations. May
it soothe his anguish amidst the restless anxieties of a states_
man's life, and add an inexhaustible sweet to the cup of
h7s enjoyments !
The subject of the slave trade, that is to.say,,of its aboli.
tion, of tae immediate improvement of the situation of
our black brethren in the West Indies, and the destruction
of slavery altogether, by &be means through which positive
slavery has been nearly ,abolished ja. uropt, namely,
through the influence ofthe Christian religion, aloneloperat_
ing upon tn,asier,and.slave, has for many years occupied
our thoughts. We.were roused to, it in early life by .tho
labours 4/4', iThetioreemidi -01arAsois, • by the eloquence of
.Pitt) Ffk
,For, apa.Bulif. spit by die no less pra4vivortity
