INAL .RECIST

now deny, exists against us in Spain, has taken deep root in
Spanish Amevica, so that W. shall soon experience tine cune
alienation there that befalls us in Spain.
By the various documents we have received, it appeals
that the revolution of Santa Fe, Tutsja, Socorro, Pamrlona,
Los Llanos, Mariquita, Neis•a, Antioquia, Choco, Popa_•sr.,
and Carthagena, assembled in the city of Leiva, Dec. 4,
1912. Each Province had previously declared its inAo-
pendence of Spain, and all united sanctioned a Constitution
and Supreme Federal Government, daterally; to this Govern-
ment the Provinces of Venezuela or Caracas have been
united as integral parts, so that the whole of Santa Fe and
Venezuela now form one Government. The latter had also
declared its absolute independence of Spain, since July,
181 t. This confederated. Governme►►t consequently em-
braces an irnniense extent of country, comprising a popula-
tion of more than three millions and a half.

The document already mentioned, is a Proclamation ad-
dressed by the General Congress to the Provinces of the
Grenadine Confederation, respecting the return of Ferdinand
to Spain, in which all the material occurrences of the revolu-
tion, up to that period, are detailed. These erents we do
not think it necessary to translate, but we insert the political
address. relating to the recent occurrences in the Penin-
sula. By the concluding paragraphs we also find, that the
General Congress of New Granada has made propositions to
the British Government, and it would be curious to know how
much more our Ministers know of the political transae-
actions of Sooth, than they do of the military concerns of
Notch America.

PROCLAMATION.
After the sketch of the military events and present state of New
Granada. the Proclamation says, " A tenacious war in the whole tsc-
tent of Vent-aside has raged; every step of liberty has beets a battle,
and on the vestiges of liberating armies, horde* of assassins are it-
produced; the frontiers towards Cucuta. perpetually threatened lei
Mareicaybo; and towards Comore, by the banditti occupying the
province of Varinas; that of Santa Marta obstinately reinsina ti.
yield to the solicitude of the other Sections to destroy the yoke by
which it is oppressed, of which the province of Carthagena from its
vicinity stiffen all the evils, which justly entitle it to the aid of ter
other fin:seinen of the Union equally bound and interested with hei-
self. Popaynn, in the men» time, is again threatened with the rt.
!amities of a new invasion, and calls aloud for the exertions of all ff.i
her own safely and that of the other provinces, in order to esenne
the same horrors already so fatally experienced.; *a hilt tititt,t •
Popaynn esor'the other provtnces of the Confederation can befiti I
with iudiffirence the fate of (.lnito.
i-• These, therefore, are the points which now imperionslo call
the attention of the provinces of new Clramola. Of no avail weal.'
be their declaration of independence, if they are not firm in tlier
resolettions to sustain it. Within themselves they twee more Own
ample means, nor is there a power that (:ould conquer them Ns lora .
as their love of liberty and their abhorrence of tyranny impel
to make great, continued, and extraordinary sacrifices; a re...whirite
the more necessary and the more worthy of a people who are in do. -
ger of rosin:: the di:olity to which they lia‘e raised thermal, es,
because they now begin to depend on themserves. and bemuse may
now see flint they have liti:e or nothing, to expect, but probsia;;;
tnucli.to fear from the nations of Fttrope.
" Whether it Iris been through interest, generosity or the old ad-
hesion of the powers to the halavice of Eitrope, that freest
has made an many, such constant, and astonishing excrtiens 'Join-t
• the power of Ruonaparte and in favour of Spain. certain is ia, eta t
Napoleon. in proportion as his colossal strength gliminisited in Cent
sequence of the campaign of 1814, lost the hold' by whirl, lie pr-,
pected to secure one of his conquests, by withdraw lug Ins brettq r
Joseph from the throne of Spain, in order that Ferdinand of Bourbon
might retort% to it notwithstanding the renunciations and CeSeiQuitt
Bayonne. Spain, therefore, partly attached to tile empire of
poleon, partly pledged to the cause of the Bourbon., rims partly M.-
fciently enlkditened to abhor the tyrannicul controul of kings, t,„:
at all thilt4 Nom', unjult, used ever united. t>a order.ia ittl gse.a tl „•,
4.; . .1 ;

.0 -

',_

. •• •

..~,«, r~

irt " f • ' r • -/1) )le,
- THE NATIONAL A ST t

AN. t 5

now renewed by the bite even;s of Europe. e.ents whir +; may
render the completioe of our enterprige mere difficult. lilt on which
the justice of our cause never depended. It the Spaniards justly
beast of hevisertesisted the lyrist of the Fret eh Empire even at its
rommeneement, ss bat isms. eat be enesideree the Helot. of America,
enalavesl for 300 years since the lapse tinie by no me,ctl justifies
usurpations, and the sessions or reumiciations made in Mt xico, Cusco
and Hugo's, were not less compulsive than those of Repaint., nor the
arts of injestiee committed by Napoleon to Spain mote horrible and
ontraeemet thin) those whieleAntertea has. sidle led anti has still to
fear from the barbarous desimitisni o Spaniard-. It has hot been
one man or one flintily that had exercised its despotie dominion
over you. and who is it who now seems to bring you hark to slavery ?
It is au entire nation that will domineer over yon s and children,
innocent victims of the ignorance, of the egotism or tir kitty of their
own fathers. Every Spaniard would then walk loffited in your
squares and streets, without one of you „having the a ight even to
breathe will t his permission. or enjoy without dread she pleasure
of his own house The fruit of your labour 'wilt then no longer be
vout own, and there will be nothing that will not belong to the
Spaniard who may conic to govern over your posaessimia, the sole
owner of that property your country has preserved to you. The
sad noise of your chains will then cos er with ignominy the sepulehrtss
if the keine* who died for your liberty, and their blood will cry
aloud to Heaven for detonation of sour indult nee.
" Stich, in a few words, is the prospect which the people ought to
have before their eyes in order to resolve to employ all their exer-
tions and all their means in the salvation of their country.--of that
country that has suffered so unfelt under its ancient slavery, and
whose name alone it was not formerly lawful even to pronounce.
Yes, Americans ! we are now possessed if a country that before
we could not boast, and which, compared with the miserable mini
inhabited by out ancient oppressors, is all that a great and indepeps
sleet nation could requite. Not so Spain, who, as we have beforz.6
answered to the intimation e,f Toribio Mottoes, eon never Le
any thing else than the sport of the neighbouring nations, unable even
to maintain herselfurdess out of these oppressed provinces of America.
Let us then no longer employ the riches of our soil in behalf of
tyrants,.in ordeeto form the links of those chains they are preparing
for us. They without navy, without cOminerce, 'arts, or science.
however they may have endeavoured to deprive America of these
benefits, have not been able to obliterate from the bosoms of her
Inhabitants, the innate love Of liberty.. nor yet exhatist the treasures
which they still seek to dispose of at their own will. Let us be on
our guard that the arrival of a hand of adventurer); may not catch Ali
inactive, but do not Ict us fear their blustering when we know
by experience we can conquer these, and that the notifies invaded
by tyrants leave never yielded to usurpation but when they have
ceased to defend clients( hes. In order to avoid Vis fatal esent, the
Congress does not spare any measute in its power. Desirous not to
confine the means of defence to our own resources, the Congress has
forwarded its proposilious to time British Cabinet, folly persuade 4
that a goverument, the protector of the freedom of nations, and
• which more than once itself sought to withdraw us from slavery,
will never wish that we should return to it again. Folly 'satisfied
that the inhabitants of these United Provinces are Oriels resolved to
sustain the rights of their itelependenee, however greet the suer.fioe,
Congre-s has made the allotments of money and 411 en that each district
is to contribute towards the war, and has adopted the necessary
measures to provide the requisite arms. It has also endeavoured to
unite hearts and exertions of ail the people, and now redoubles every
exertion, tinder the hope that all the provinces are fully sensible of
this fimehimental principle, which insures the issue of the most
ardnons attempt. l'our's will be auccessful, inhabitants of New
Granada, if the resources of the soil you inhabit, the weans which
Providence has placed in your hands, the valour which animates
your heatts. and the justice of the cause you defend, are only called
forth and erinsolidoted by union, and every where impelled by sa-
crifices—but these must be ready, constant and unbounded.
" CA All 1.0 TOR R ES, Pres.
CRISENITO VALENZUELLA. Sec."

Tuesday morning, at nine o'clock, a dreadful accident liaPpened
in consequence of Matthew's Crovelon coach ~‘ertiiniitig. opposite
Crosii-stieet, Newington. 'the horses set off full spee:l with the
pole of the coach; and the coachman, being entangled in the reins,
is co shockingly mangled and ent about thy head tinit his life is des-
paired of. Several outside passengers 'A ere dreadfully hriiiscal one
gentleman had his leg broke ; and another;iii consooitroce (*part
of the coach falling on his head, presented a shocking ,oectec!e.
The horses were staid in the etiiiiuster road, with all their 11.0(.0
broken and very much cut.

116,
