PRECAUTIONS

WHICH IT WILL BE PROPER TOORSERVETIIROUCIIOI'TTHB
DIFFERENT PROVINCES OF SPAIN, IN THE NECESSITY TO
WIIICII THEY HAVE BEEN DRIVEN BY TIJI FR ENCII, OF
RESISTING TIIE UNJUST AND VIOLENT POSSESSION WIIICII
TJIEIR ARMIES ARE ENDEAVOURING TO TAKE OF THE
KINGDOM.

" We cannot doubt a moment of the exertions which the
united Provinces of Spain would make to obstruct mid defeat
the malicious designs of the French, and that they will sacrifice
even their lives on this. occasion, the most important, and even
unparalleled in the history of the nation, both in the thing it-
self, and in the horrible means of ingratitude and perfidy by
which the French have undertaken, pursued, and are still en-
deavouring to efiect our slavery :
" 1. Let the first object be to avoid all general ;Wiens, and to
convince ourselves of the very great hazards, without any ad-
vantage, or even the hope of it, to which they would expose us.
The reasons of this resolution are many, and such as any one
will discover who has the use of his understanding.
" 2. A war of partisans is the system which suits us; the
embarassing and wasting the enemy's armies by want of provi-
sions, destroying bridges, throwing up entrenchments in proper
situations, and other similar means. The situation of Spain, its
,nau►V ytourtains, and the passes which they present, its rivers
and torrents, and even the collocation of its provinces, invite us
to carry• on this species of warfare successfully.
" :3. it is indir.pensil►le that such province should have its
(ieneral, of known taleuts, and of such experience as our situa-
tion perints, that his heroic loyalty should inspire the utmost
and that every General should have under his coin.
mand oilicers of merit, particularly of artillery and engineers.
" 4. As a combined union of plans is the soul of every %veil.
concerted enterprize, and that which alone can promise t.nd fa-
iilit%te a successful issue, it appears indispensible that there
,lionhi he three Generalissimos, who should net in concert with
cacti other—one who should contuuu►d in the four kingdoms of
Andalusia, in Murcia, and Lower Estramadura, and anti-
tner in Galicia, Upper Estramadura, Old and New Castile,
and Leon—another in Valencia, A rragon, and Catalonia=
a person of the greatest credit being appointed to Navarre, the
Iliscayan Provinces, ,Montanus, Asturias, Rioja, and the North
of Old Castile, for the purposes w hich will be mentioned here-

after.
5. Each of these Generals and Generalissimos will form an
army of veterans, troous and peasantry united, and pot himself
in a situation to undertake euterprizes, anti to succour the most
exposed points, keeping up always a frequent communicatioo
with the other Generalissimos. in order that all may act by
common accord, and assist one another.
" Madrid and La Mancha require an especial General, to
concert and execute the enterprizes which their particular local
situation demands—his only object must be to embarras, the
enemy's armies, to take away or cut of their plovisions, to
attack them in flank and rear, and not to leave them a inimical
of repose. The courage of these inhabitants is tveUltoown.
