THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

oilivfs of that country front mmisters and court( rs, from,
that crowd of idle and corrupt sycophants es •o
their luxury by the industry or the toil of esery vitutous
and hotiourable citizen. Such, Spainauls, it clearly ap-
pears, are the base 1110111 es Of the despotical, as anti-
oational as anti-enlowal.
Like it-efol children, then, of an illustrious race, the
people of the provinces of Vemitiela ace allximis Io ad-
vance the real prose:Toy of the mreiter coutitry. Tiles
pursue a system ma more hotionialile to themselves than
it must be finally bent fetal to Sean'. Boas:ing one
origin, and speaking one language, it is impossible the
should not, if unhook-tied by despots, etertially set k one
common beilelit. Happy the mother country which
abandoning an idiot 'cud, policy, as absurdly lOM,sli as
frightfully disunsting, seeks roily io outrun its colony iu
au illustrious career of rival good, and rival ;dory.
Thus assuredly may Spain prolong a more honourable
existence. The fate of states, however, is in general
like that of the iiitliv iiluals of which they are composed.
Niel), alas/ Cali scarcely be said to pass more readily frog,
the vigour of manhood to setrility, decrepitude, and
death, than nations from democracy to oligarthy,tlespo-
tism, and political extinction. Few, 100, are the nations
which have ever a second lints enjoyed political life. To
Italy alone belongs the glory of having twke cultivated
learning and the arts, and of now aspiting to independ-
ence, tv bleb, strange as it may seem, she v.ould long ere
now has c enjoyed. had it not lien for one of the maid fold
crimes of your Government. An infamous compact
made Spain for ages a mere dependence on France, and
to compensate this and the division and weakness of
Gei many, the naheins of the north have bound Italy
hued and foot, and made her a dependence of Austria.
To the same cause is owing the maintenance of two dis-
tinct kingdoms in your peninsula. Thus does the poli-
tic ignorance, the political weakne.s, or the political
crime of one nation, ruin tier witolestructure of society.
Italy, however, aspires to independence ; and Germany
to freedom. Even Greece has visions of ancient glory.
May Spain precede them in all!
o prolong then a wore honourable existence, or to
renovate the vigour of the mother country, is the zealous
wish of the colonists. In this sacred task, nobles and
people of Spain, they Peckon on your aid. Though those
treinentlons energies winch enabled yoteto drive a foreign
invader from your fields, as the rack is driven before the
tempests of heaven, now slumbers in peace, yet is yours
only that awful calm which precedes the storm. The
day of reckoning is at hand for that domestic tyrant,
who in out breath favours and destroys the nci.de, while
it is his glory to scorn and crush the people; whose crimes
render it safer to be a minister of Turkey than of Spain—
better to be a slave of the Sultan than of the Bourbon
Nero. But the hour of retribution approaches. Then
will those intlitlgencies be snatched away with will .h
artful bigotry pampers brutal sensuality. 'Then will that
treitibhng coward, who in vestments wet with human
gore, insults the God qf mercy with hit prayers, read
the long scroll of his crimes.. I hen will the baud win-
ina on the wall be, '• Remember the blood of the Patricia s."
When that hour approaches, as soon it shall, your
younger biethren count on your patriotism.
Patriot Guerillas of Spain—nobles of nue tire who have
scorned to crouch at the feet of a despot—the free colo•
fists of the provinces of Vettezusla have sworn to aid
yon in your holy cause. Unite, then, with those who
now address you, in council and in conduct. Impart
daily, through your confidential agents, every means of
realizing independence and freedom. Your interests are
the same ; for the interests of all humanity are the same ;
and, perhaps, good and bad Men do not (idler front each
other more essentially, than in the knowledge or igato•
ranee of this great 'loth. The bud seek to promote
their interests at the expellee of others; the by the
benefit of all : and those assuredly cannot COaillitinieJle
benefits who do not first po-sess I
Hence do the people of the provinces o. Venezuela
seek to promote the real good of Spain, as well as their
own ; and they require of you only a reciprocal feeling.
'Die instant, therefore, that the measures agreed on are
realized, your's are their armaments and their munitions
of war. Their fleets already exceed those of Spain in
effective energy, if not in immix r ; they hover on those
points of your coast where they are destined to aid you ;
they well in no way deceive your expectations, or balk
voter dependence on them. May the friends of libertv
thin rise in a hundred cities! Niay Madrid no 'mtge!
be polluted by the presence of a despot! May the liasi
agents of inquisitorial tyranny be ()tiered as a holocost
to the manes of the heroes of liberty
Soldiers and seamen of the rxpedwuu I—ye who have
dreamt the dream and seen tier vision of military glory.
say, was it ever yet realized in the train of a despot? In
tile human imagination can there be sentiments half so
abhorrent of each other ac to those of honour and
slavery ? Or can Spanish pride, like that of the liveried
menial, fiml, iu the tnitiroily insults it may bvsli,w ou
the suppliant, a noble compeits nom for the creeping
baseless with which it stint approach, or the couard
fear with which it trembles before, a vulgar tyrant ? The
brave Imo, in whose name l now ailt.ress yllll, canton
and will tint believe this. The pride, the sen.e. of Ito
Hour, the lose of glory, which you Clicrisll, forbid
diem.

have hitherto wanted only the power of
di:daring %ourselves. 'll. accelerate this, we repeat th.
assurance, Is a all the hopes held out to you in our pro
Of Mardi shall he r,alized ; all sin
promises of reward and provision on our ,011, as well as
ook am? emolument, fulfilled I tint' eolairddes t% hit
lakly joined us in peace, instead ol rterlikii):, the rail•
of (ivseur, ;itiximpAv await your Jill.Jl.The t. ssel •
%%Melt heir sou to sluices happier far than I how fir Spaii.
are Arcady ours, as their brace crews are our allies.—
Soon will hail complete the eitlitheipJlthh 01 t6e Nus%
‘Vtirld. rut Spain well be aelnev,(l, pei bap', cis
you have rejoined your new comrades in arms.
Given and signed at the Palace of Government, I:,
AnaoStura, this 2(1 day of April, 1819.
(sighed) SIMON BOLIVAR.

'RUM SATURDAY NIG.U7"S 6.IZETPL.

BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED.
W. Pawilington, Warwick Square, cabitia from DtT.•
23 to Jan. M.

J. 'l4ylor, Fon:Strect, Crirplegatc, &Ayer, Inuit Jan. 1, to
Jan. 15.

J. Bryan. (Wort! Street, silk niere•zr, front 1)0e.7% to .lan. A.
M. Jawbs, Charles Street, Solo Squlue, gloss merelleitt, trotu
Dec. :NJ to Jett. s.
BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.

S. Wiilkce, Birmingham, %DerekaM.
WolierhAtiloon, Statford, tee tlealt.T.
B. J. Teinivat, Liverpool, merchant.
11.% N K RUPTS.

I'. F. Hunt, St. Militin in the Fiti;t, builder. Solicitor•;
HichardAin, Wailbrook.

J. Green. Bramiecicell. Limoln, merchant. Sul. Mr. II um.
phrey", London Bridge Foot.
11. Sidney. Nei% nun Street, Oxford Road, picture &tiler. Sol.
Mr. Cook. Chi licti%

M. Taylor, I.ong Law, canon dealer. Sol 6. Mesere. Robin-
son and Cl•arterbota,.: Square.
E. Bleach %Vivi! Sheet, Chealeadc, werehouscnian. Sul.
Mr. liayward,'Fook'b Court, Chancery Laic.
T. 11tulden, Ituchebter, Kent, grocer. So:. Mr. Ilayverad,
Temple.
W. 'loath, Lower Street, Islington, butcher. Sol. Mr. Ohl:r..
slm, I,lington.
T. Cheshire, Aylc,,bory, BurLs, grocer. Sol. Nlr. Greg)ry„
Freeman'. Court, Cornhill. _

A. Scott, John Street, Coinniercial 'toad, dealer. Sol. 31r,
Crcary, Chancery Lai.,
IL H. Lakir.rian, Liverpool,
Walbmok.

...ten:limit. Sul. Mr. T..ylor,

J. Nl. de Quires, Size Lan-, merchant. Sol. Mr. Clie,:er,
Staple Inn.
W. Roberts, Chowboit, I.rmera'dire,. innkeeper. Sol. Mr.
WheAer, Ca6tle Street, Holborn.

DIVIDENDS.
Jan. 15, I. Spence. Providence Row, Hackney, merchant-
-21, E. O'Neil, Liverpool, cooper-15. if. ColdinglvY and F.
Brown, watehousonen-18, .1. Rorson, New Windsor, Wicks,
cheese factor-25, H. W. Rumford, Bartholomew Lane, :lock
broker—it. J. Jeffry, Tonbridge, shopkeeper-13, H. Ka.
not, 'naives Inn, money scriveer-15. E. Brabarel.
dealer—lS. E. Hall, Holbrook, Derby. grocer-18, J.
Date, Plymouth Dock, mercer-13, J. Hadel.fiC, Srarsea.
grocer-21, S. Adams, Walsall. merchant—tl, G. Baylitfe.
Wakefield, draper—to, G. liiiitham, Black Hall, Dew'',
it. Day, Doncaster. York, ninkteper—i, J. B.
Toutal, Minories, corn factor-15, W. Daniels, Bishop Stott •
ford. Hertford, malt tactur—ri, J. Grecnivay, Plymouth Dock.
Devon, brewer—Feb. IV, W. Gilpin, Villiers Street, Strand.
army elotlder.
CERTIFICATES to he granted Jan. 15.
B. IL Brewman, Holywell Street, Strand, silk mercer—R.
Terry, Holborn Bridge, haberdasher—J. Hall. Chatham, tailor
—E. Savage, Upper Noth Place, Gray's Inn grocer—N.
and W. I'llolllali,Great Surrey Street, linen drapers—T. Palma..
Ayinstrey, Hereford, malster—.C. Crisp, Bristol. cordwaincr—
T. 51'Nac, Queen Street, merchant—J. Saunders. Rich:ea.:4
Cross. Hereford, gra:a—D. alai; J. Glover, Leal., York,

Rank Stock 215
1 per Lettt. Red. Gel
.3 per Ceitt. Curia. 74i
pet Crut. 711
4 pet Cent. 14i
103}
Long Atm. Ili

THE 1\ Xl.lO siAL REGISTER.

Lomon,
MONDAY, I)EcEm BEn 27.

Notwithstanding all that has been said of the
active genius of Morillo—in spite of the mighty
and wonderful preparations at Cadiz, with the
additional obstacle thrown in the way of the Inde-
dent cause in South America by the Foreign
Enlistment Act in this country, still the banners
of the Venezulean Patriots are waving triumphant
at Santa Marta, and a decisive victory has been
gained over the Royal Army in Canthara, which
has sustained a loss of 1000 men, besides the capture
of its ammunition and baggige. Accounts from
Angostura, of the I'2th of October, confidently
anticipate the immediate freedom of New Greneda
with the exception of Carthagena, and that in it 4
turn will soon succomb, as it was blockaded, and
probably has since been Lesieged. The royal
squadron has disappeared front Margarita and from
Santa Fe, The Independents have received con-
siderable treasure in bars of gold, which will be
employed in the purchase of muskets. The pro-
crastination in sending out reinfirreements from
Cadiz must add to the dismay of the Royalist
Commanders, and before the luckless expedition
sails there is every reason to hope that the whole of
the western hemisphere will be free.

The Jamaica papas just received contain an in.
tereseing but painful document, liking a narrative of
another• expedition by \l•Grcgor, which failed no
less disgracefully than that of Porto.Bello, as must
be the flue of every enterpr•zc in which that pusil-
lanimous adventurer may have art enough to engage
his gallant but unthinking tiillowers. The present
rslation is signed by a few of the surviving victims
of a stupid attack upon Rio de la I lache. a town of
New Granada, to the westward cf the Gulf of Mara.
