SOUTH AMERICA.

Our countrymen have frequently been warned against
the groig delusions practised by certain persons in Lon-
don, who were urging them to embark in the South
American contest. Independently of the politL•al
reasons, which, in our judgment, rendered such enter.
prizes highly improper, unanswerable proofs of the
mis2ry, the hardships, and the disappointmentswhich
awaited them across the Atlantic have been placed be.
fire their eyes. Those, who in defiance of such admo-
nitions, have still preferred to dare the worst, have paid
dearly !Or their temerity. A great proportion, observes
Mr. Hackett, who has just published a narrative of the
expedition which sailea in 1817, and of which he was
unfintunately one, have either actually perished, or
unable to procure the means -of returning to their
native land, arc probably at this moment wandering
friendless and destitute among the West ladle Islands,
dependent upon the bounty of the humar:i and charita-
ble. It is the universal declaration of All who have
!>e7211 so finunate as to return,.er whose levels have
reached Englat: c that not one of the promises held oat
to them here. tvere realizal upon their arrival in South
America. " The strongest hostility," says Mr..l-lackm,
" was manifested by the Justitgents to the. admission of
foreign assistance ; and the j,alottsy of the native
troops, of those few British officers who had been
tempted :equally to join their armies, was so rancorous,
as to suiv'ed Mem to tilt Fel-panel hazard of usraLlina-
lion."

When the brigade to which Mr. Hackett be!onged,
arrived at St. Bartholcw s, it was found necessary, in
consequence of- the utter disvpointment of every hope
with which it bad let England, to dish ind it. This
was accordingly done, and the individuals composing it,
were abandoned to their own resources, to stay where
they were, and starve, to go on and be butchered, or
return home, as their means, their desperation, or their,
limey inclined them. We cannot say that our sympa-
thies are very-powerfully excited at the sufferings which
our countrymen endured, because they knew what they
did : but we ure prepared to express, in a most un-
qualified manner, our indignation at the deliberate
treachery and artifices practised by the .self-styled Sonth
American agents in London. We would fain hope,
however, that the delusion is too palpable and gross to
be carried on with mneli success: but if there be any
who still have ideas of going to South America, we
advise them to peruse the following extracts from Mr.
Hackett's book :

" The Insurgent forces were reduced to a state of
the greatest poverty, totally devoid of discipline, and
not one fourth presided with proper military arms, the
remainder being compelled to resort to bludgeons,
knives, and such other weapons as. they found most
oradily procurable. In clothing they were still more
destitute find deficient, in
most instances mertly con-
sisting of fragments of coarse cloth wrapped round their
bodies, and pieces of the raw buffalo hide laced over
their feet as a substitute for . shoes, which when
hardened by the sun's heat, they again render
pliant by immersion in the first stream at which they
chance to arrive. A blanket, with a hole cut in the
mipdle.,• let over the head, and tightened round the
body by a buffalo thong, has been frequently the dress
of the officrs : and one of them who witnessed the fact
assured me that such was actually the uqfortn of a
British Colonel ( ft—.), who Wilts at the time in the
Insurgent service."

4/4
It is rumoured, that his Royal Higimess the Prince
Regent intends paying Manchester and Glasgow a visit
in the spring of next year, in order to be personally
informed of the wonderful progress making in the cot-
ton manufactories of this country.
It is said, that altogether his Royal Highness the
Prince Regent has expended the immense sum of
150,0001. on hie palace and grounds at Brighton !
The architecture is in the Oriental style of the 'Kremlin
at Moscow. We wish, that the next munificent ex-
penditure on the part of his Royal Highness may be a
handsome pier, which is so much wanted at Brighton,
and especially during stormy weather. Those who land
from the packets from France, are frequently seriously
inconvenienced, and sometimes greatly alarmed by be-
ing obliged to land on the beach among the drenching
of the surf.

The Duke of Sussex has already received much be-
nefit from the Tunbridge Wells waters. His Royal
Highness is now frequently seen out taking the air,
either on thot or horseback.
Hardenberg, of Mount-street, is executing a life-size
statue, in marble, of the late lamented Princess Char-
lotte, by command of Prince Leopold, previous to liis
leaving England.
Prince Blucher still continues ill at Berlin. His
health is much reduced, and, what is so much the-more
alarming is, that he has passed the age of 80.
The inhabitants of St. Helena have determined w
abolish slavery in their island, from and after Christmas
Day.
We understand an order has been issued by the Court
of Exchequer fur the examination of all brewers' casks,
and those found deficient in measure, or without the
Hall stamp, will be seized forthwith.

.S

is

NOV l5

THE .DRAM.I.

DRURY LANE THEATRE.

covENTA; A ADEN.

The tragedy of Romeo and Juliet was on Monday'
night perform.ed at this theatre. The chameter ofJulict,
for the first time, by Mrs. West. Mrs. West's powers,
and the beauty of her person and fitce, fit her in a pe-
culiar manner for this character ; her perflirmance was
highly interesting throughout, but she was more espe-
cially applauded in the garden scene, in the scene with
her nurse, in that in which she takes the sleeping po-
tion, and in the subsequent one in which she awakes,
and discovers herself in the arms of her lover. Mr. H.
Kcncble's Romeo improves on repetition. The house
was respectably tilled.
Last Friday evening was revived the comedy of
Love makes a Man, or the Fop's Fortune. This
piece though reputed to be written by Colley Cibber, is
the production of a much older author, and merely
altered by him. Of the plot we shall say little, as
probably most of our readers • are acquainted with 4t,
mid even that of a new play is in general better
omitted ; for what good purpose does it answer ?
Those who have witnessed the performance will cer-
tainly not read the plot, and for those who have not, and
intend doing so, it surely spoils the interest of the enter-
tainment. Then to what class of readers can it be inte
testing?—to those who never intend to visit the theatre?
.And will !hose of the latter description take the trouble,
or have the curiosity to peruse a theatrical account
We think these will not so far honour us, andtherefore
shall, for the advantage of the two first classes of our
readers, omit the fable.
The piece in question is an entertaining bustling co-
medy, rather approaching to farce, and partaking of
the same inconsistencies. But perhaps, after all, in-
consistency ought not to be so much abused, for is it
not the most prominent feature in the character of
most men ? Upon proper consideration,- we believe
most people will be of this sentiment, if they will take
the trouble ofstudying their neighbours. But to return
in our comedy, it is lively and interesting, and the
audience throughout will not feel inclined to take a nap,
by any dull or heady scenes. Mundell was in excellent
humour and irresistably laughabie. Mr H. Kemble
played the part of Carlos with considerable spirit, the
tip, C/odio, was particularly well supported by Mr.
Penley. In his scene with bon Decart, the duellist, he
was eminently successful, and throughout the whole of
• his performance acquitted himself extremely well. Mr.
Watkinson and Mr. Williams were respectable in Don
Antonio and Dm Charino. The female parts were also
very tvell sustained. Mrs. West rendered that of An-
gelina peculiarly a;:tractive by her graceMl and inte-
resting deportment : indeed, the more we see of this
young lady's acting, the more we are confirmed in our
opinion of her excellence. The parts of Louisa and
Elvira were ably supported by Mrs. Orger.
«e must not forget to bestow deserved praise on this
piece as being perfectly free from the licentiousness of
the old dramatic school, at least as it is now acted. It
met with considerable applause from a respectable audi-
ence. In the afterpicce of Barmecide, Mr. Cowel took
Mr. Harley's part, who is still confined by indisposition,
and supported it in a very able manner. •

Rowe's tragedy of Jane Shore was performed at this
Theatre on Mondry night. The announcement of Miss
O'Neil for the heroine of the piece, Miss Somerville for
the character of Alicia, and Mr. Booth's re-appearance
in that of Gloucester, formed altogether attraction suf-
ficient to fill the house to an overflow before the curtain
rose. Miss O'Neil as Jane Shore, has, on former oc-
casions, folly established her claim to excellence ; but
stimulated by the circumstance of playing in concert
with Miss Somerville, she put forth all her unrivalled
powers, and was eminently successful. On no occasion
have we seen her moic so. In her interview with
Gloucester, in which she declares her readiness to de-
vote her life, if necessary, to the service of King lid.
ward's children, and blesses Hastings fn. his declara-
tion of similar sentiments, she was forcible and ener-
getic, and called down the most rapturous applause ;
whilst her appeal to the feelings, in her interview with
fie husband, was irresistible, and produced a visible
ether; on the audience. Miss Somerville, in .Ilicia, was
nost•favourablv received, and deservedly so. She gave
a judicious and spirited picture of the revengeful,
.jea-
laus, designing female. In her quairel with Hastiws
she displayed powers of no common description ; whilst
her remorse and self condemnation when She finds that
she has involved her lover in the ruin which she only
intended for her innocent unsuspecting friend, was
equally well depicted; and the bitierness with which
she even denied a draught of water to the untigtuttate
victim of her revenge.—the distraction of her own mind
—and the remorse of conscience felt by her for the nti-
s.ries she bad' occasioned to herself and others, were
forcibly expressed, and rapturously applauded by the
audience. tier perfinunanee was, on the whole, highly
creditable to tier powers. Mr. Booth, as Gloiseester,
was greeted on his entree with the warmest welcome.
The cheering of his friends, failed, however, to inspire
Itu ‘Ve regret we ate obliged to declare our °Anion,

irtyr. NATIONAL REGISTER.

judging from the specimen he afforded us on Monday
night, that he has nor impnmied during his provincial
tour. His performance, with the exception of his in-
terview with Jane Shore, was as tame and spiritless as
we ever witnessed ; scarce one sentence in ten which he
uttered reached the audience at a distance from the
stage beyond the third or fourth row of the Pit. The
gods in the gallery, disappointed and displeased at this
dumb shew exhibition, became vociferous, calling on
him to speak louder.—This produced from others cries
equally loud tin. silence ; and the uproar at length be-
came so great during the scene in the third act,.bctweeu
Gloucester and Hastings, that nca:ly the whole of the
scene passed over without a single word being heard.—
Mr Young played floslings with his usual ahility.—
His quarrel with Alicia was excellent. Macready played
Shore, and made as much of it as the character would
admit nt. The Ballet of Paul and Virginia followed,
and went off extremely well.

The Comedy of The Soldier's Danghter was performed
on Wednesday, at this Theatre; when Mr. W. Farren
appeared in a new character, that Of Governor Mortal!.
His representation of this character was spirited and
forcible. The warm, honest, irritable, and open-
hearted old soldier found a faithful and able represen-
tative in him. He was loudly applauded throughout,
especially in the scene with the Widow Cheerly, in
which she recounts to him the, exploits of the Governor.
His exulting tone, while joining with her in the ex-
pression of—" Thus said the Giwernor,"—and—" Thus
did the Governor,"—applying them to himself, was
excellent, and drew down the loudest approbation.—
Miss O'Neill played the if Checrly. This charac-
ter is by no means the best suited to her peculiar ta-
lents: it is,. indeed, beneath her powers; she cannot
descend to it. The picture which she gave of the
amiable widow, though not possessing the sprightliness
and vivacity which we have seen thrown into it by its
great original, Mrs. Jordan, was highly interesting.—
he house was mast respectably filled.

The new farce produced on Friday night at this
theatre experienced a very indifferent reception, or in
other words, may be considered, we believe, as dismis-
sed from the stage. Perhaps the title of this piece,
Six Physicians or, the Patient carried of, half con-
tributed to its ill success; we are certain that the plot
and the dialogue worked out the other half of the ca-
tastrophe : the idea of introducing six physicians or per-
sons in the disguise of physicians, was ahappy idea; and
tha?mployment of thym when introduced, was equal to it
in felicity : the plot, in fact, is incumbefed by these
personages; and the whole business might have been
effected much better by limiting the number tQ two.—
The object is to carry off the ward of an old gentleman,
who, being in love with her, and anxious to keep her
to himself, adopts the ingenious expedient of persuading
ber she is ill, to prevent all access to her; the lover,
disguised as one of these physicians, frustrates ull the
precautions of her guardian. Liston had a character
assigned hint, but it neither possessed any merit as
character, or for the scope it afforded to the display of
his abilities. The attempts at wit or humour were
chiefly limited to allusions to the medical profession,
and were of a truly despicable quality. The fate of the
farce became evident soon after the commencement of
the second act; and the latter part of it was rendered
quite inaudible. As no attempt was made to announce
the piece ibr repetition, we conclude that the managers
acquiesce in the decision of the audience ; it would be
difficult to offer any plea in arrest of judgment.

A meeting of new Renters of Drury-lane Theatre
was held on Thursday, in the Saloon, to receive the
report of the Committee, appointed by a General
Meeting of their body, on the 15th of June, 1816.
The report having, been read, the meeting proceeded
to elect Sir Thomas Turton and Mr. Fallowfield trus-
tees, in the room of Messrs. Houlston and Graham,
resigned. Mr. G. Robins dwelt upon the depressed
state of the Theatre, the nightly receipts of which, he
said, did not at present cover the expences.
The dramatic veteran "Gentleman Smith," who is
now• in the 90th year of his age, is still living at his
favourite residence, near Bury, in Suffolk, and enjoys
tolerable health and good spirits, but has not visited the
theatre for some time past. During Miss O'Neill's last
professional trip to Bury, he expressed a wish to be per-
sonally introduced to her, which he was by Mr. Bel-
lamy, the manager, and the interview was highly
pleasing to both parties.
Mr. Booth, of Covent Garden Theatre, conceiving
that the Manager does not duly appreciate his talents,
has offered to cancel his engagement, on being allowed
to retain one third of his salary.
llarley, of Drury Lane Theatre, who was suddenly
seized with a lit, on Saturday sc'nuight, is now much
recovered.

We arc sorry to learn front the Jamaica papers, that
some attempts were made, in the month of September
last, to set fire to the town of Port Royal.
Wednesday a Court of Directors was held at the East
India House, when Captain C. S. Timins was sworn
into the cemmand of the ship Bricigewa;cr, *unsigned
to Chios direct,
