THURSDAY, MAY 30.

The Soap and Militia Bills were read a third time, and
passed.
Lord GRENVILLE gave notice of it minion for next lession,
with a view to compel the registery of Slaves in the West la-
dies; where the state of slavery was still permitted, under the
sanction of British lax, to continue.
Lord Barite Rae stated, that it Wilt the intention oftiovern.
meta to recommend, in the most earnest manner, to the Colo.
itial Legislators, the adoption of some measure or uther cal.
ciliated to answer the ;imposes of the Slave itegistery
Oa the order fol. taking into consideration the Pi ince Regent's
Mes..age on the subject of a new coinage of silver,
The Earl of Lll Enigma. rose ; and having first entered into
a lima explanation on the subject of the coinage, and phew eil
die necessity of adopting some measure to i emedy the dei ects
of the present currency, his Lordship developed the plait
•rcreed till by Government. lic stated that there is to be a
coinage of shiliiiigs and sixpences to the amount of too auel a
half millions, of the same standard as to fineness as Rcirrter
three will be 1(6 shillings coined out et' a poistoi trey weight,
whereas there weir formerly but n;:. 7•ao red,ens sere
assigned for this: first, to pieveut the sew coin fruit being
sent tint of the coniury ; anti st remit to enable lie Lkeyei
to pay the expenses of the emiage. Gold i. le re:',4114 the
ettudard of came Ile the conutry. The ricw s etirt, uy one of
the machines inserted by Boo;ton, of flirtni"chani, at4l be
ready in six or seven months. The shining% ard sixpences in
eireulatimi are to be culled 014 stick as I:re a
legal tender, are t• 1 be received by tae, and a pew shilling re.
united eor an old one. With tc•pert to tiaasc e:iat are not the
legal coin. they are to Se taken b. verikht only. The gold cola
is to remain in the ,i1t111: state as .it prest HL Ihe Batik tokens
are to tsolltlllllt. iu I:llCUlAittoti ii it i.ets 111.ir.t..57.te is proviJed
in the new coin. The Earl of I. eve' pool 1,1,11,,r tea,,,), that
the ant,,,, of Bank tokens in eireitia to was t,7 (l. rha
try or shtilthatt senrr in these was muck Tess (Lao the
new They circulate el at tit. bd. or Cs. 9d.
to mow,. ; whereas all more of silver in the new emtia_e
would he Ithlinarctuced it bar. 941. There will he no isauc of
