THE NATIONAL REGISTER

its diesidful ravages were not confined to the
natives, but ;the Europeans were also falling vic-
tims to this dreadful malady. His Majesty's 47th
and 16th regiments, which had returned from the
expedition up the Persian Gulf, had but slightly
felt it at the date of this letter. The greatest pre-
caution had been taken by the authorities: all
Europeans not' belonging to the island were ordered
to quit it, in consequence of which the mercantile
interest bears a very gloomy appearance. Trude is
at a complete stand—scarcely any cotton to be had ;
and the Company's ships that had arrived were
about leaving Bombay half.loaded with other car-
goes. Merchandise had experienced a great rise.
Our news from the interior states some skirmishing
had taken place at Rotulkund with the notorious
Blujah Sing. The expedition to Palembang has
greatly embarrassed the 'aiutherities Tit Java; the
Government had determined to make another
tempt, but is supposed that the, state of their tree-
miry would not admit of a fresh armament. The
heavy duties levied on the produce of the country
has completely annihilated foreign commerce, and
American vessels that arrived at Batavia with
specie, for the purpose of trading, had departed
without any cargo. The Malay population of Java
arc greatly discontented with their present.master,
and are ready to join in any Way that may affect a
change. The general opinion in Bombay, respect-
ing. the late expedition up the Persian Gulf, was
very unfavourable, it having cost the Government
an immense sum, and the inhabitants a great dual
of anxiety. The Company's chips, FAO of Balca-
nes, Thames, Warren Hastings, Thomas,"Coutts,'
and Free Indianian have arrived safe. The mon.
soons were expected to set in earlier this season
than at any former period; very unfavourable wea-_
tiler has been experienced for a long time."
Extract of a letter from St. Helena. August 2,
" Bonaparte is in good health, .but seldom
walks-
abroad; and receives but little company."

We received a Hatnburgh mail yesterday morn.
ing, from which the following are extracts :
VIENNA. SEPT:G.—The Fiche of Scutari is, according to
the latest 'mounts, at Okritza, whither be was ordered by the
Poch& of Rumelia : but he seems now rather inclined to mock
back than obey the further orders be has received,.
_abusing that-
Montinegrms threaten the neighbouring Tuella peewees.
:Ali Mehl' of Janina does not at. present move. butintrenched In
his own territory, watches the motions of the army which have
assembled in Ilitulia, under the totrunaned of the Paths of 'hop
=ha; but it seems likely that this tranquillity will assn brt•
interrupted by some counterpoise on the part of Ali Padia.
ROME, Avo. 22.—We receive from 'mops quarters at the
Roman states accounts of incredible damage done by • dreedlid
hail-storm on the 16th instant.
One account from Tivoli, of the 17th says—" After 100 uneom-
monly dry' ays, a heavy storm of hail fell yesterday, and ravaged
the whole district for lo minute.. The greater part of the olive-
trees, vineyards, and gardens, were ruined. The damages done
to the country is estimated at lao,ooo scudi, besides that done en
the city, where almost all the windows were broken."
Siroottrozst, SErr. &—His Majesty and the Crown nines
will return here to-morrow.
The Swedish Major Graanerorho embarked last year to open a
new commercial communication between Chili and India through
the Pacific Ocean, discover'd in the passage a group of islands
that has not been noticed by any p.aviling navigator. The
3argest of these islands received the name of Oscar's Island.
We have observed with bo.lle 'uprise in foreign papers an article
iletn Stockholm, that the corn trade, which used to flourish, has
this year declined to nothing.
Sweden, winch in common "von used to import 200,000 tons
elcoro, etrd m bad years • million. is now SO fortunate as net. to
be obligedte import any fareigii Rain, to be able in good years
:saw*-itaperte considerable quantity.

...

..

•
• 'o' PALERMO, AUGUST 28.
" Thanks to th e'exertions of the. Provisional Junta, we enjoy
tranquillity here, though business is entirely at a stand, and we
have little or no intercourse with the inior. The -want of
money, the sinews of war, was nee ex more inrangly felt, by. any
government than this, which, at the commencynent of its Ittrie
tions Mond a treasury wholly exhausted. A Rifted lean Was in
consequence apprehended as one of its .r.trliest measures, and an
intimation has at length
.been effectually gives to that effect.—
Tile sum required is 200,000 ounces (tou,OLOl. sterling), and
all the foreign mercantile heats iu Paleraso are expected to
contribute to it io proportion. To enable you to judge of the
extent to which this is likely to affect them, I should add that
two houses, the most eminent in the cite, arc called on to
contribute tO,Otin ounces each ; and I know ar.uther house,
whose
.proportion is set down at 5,1100. The dreadful fate of
Caltanisetta, has' intimidated into submission to the Provisional ,
Junta all the open tons and places of Sicily tacit under the '
hinnediate contmul or protection of a Nemailitan p-arrisont
Messina. Trapani, with, as is believed, Catania anti Syracuse,
still adhere to the old Government. A committee of go of the '
most eminent persons of this city is employed in the organization
of a regency, the members of which are to be elected the
represematives of all the COlll/11Uatli of Sicily. and by atom) a
formal oath is to be taken to the Constitution of Spain, ai.d the
independence of t•Sicilv. under a Royal Prince of the present
clitia-tv of Naples. We are without any regular communication
with Naples, and are in !Hue', anxiety concerning the deputies
sent to treat for our independence, who have not returned, nor
sent any despatches to the Pmvisional Covet nmen• The civic
guard amounts to I5,00(1 men, and is embposal of itit",'Aid.tals
from is to 53 y,...rs of age, including all ranks, from masters
of sinus upwards to priests, friars, and the first nobility. An
expeclilion was sent off some days it;;o for Syracuse, under the
Chevalier Abets, but when on the rtnal, a party of the guerilla
troops empl• veil on the occasion wi-hed to phonier. The com-
mander and cidicei.s temonqrated, but 10 no purpose : th;•:.• were
attacked, and same of the officers wounded and s.ripped. Toe
mutineers, who remiincd in possession of tie artillery, had the
hardhiltood to return to this city. where hitm..:tate measures
v:erc taken against them. 'fliey were surroundethtii.samk.sl, ard
are now in cortinentent. The !Mash twig ilacclo,r, in two days
from Messina, with a cargo of ntanufactured goods, arrived li.re
on the VStl, hut without any bill of health, which was refmital
him by the Lieutenant General, Prince Scaletta. Such was the
confidence of the people, however, in littlish honour, that the
verse) I.as Seca admitted to prnli244: en tae parole of the
Captain."

.

• CUITZNY GARIAEN THEATRE. • •
This favourite Temple of the Muses was opened on -
• Slunday night last for the season. It has, during the
recess, been newly decorated and most elegantly embel-
lished. The play, on Monday night was Romeo aud•
Julia. The principal novelty was Miss Werwley, in the
character of Toil young lady last season made
her appearance in Comedy, and is se townie of great
'nowise. Ls 'the early scenes on 'Wormier night she
perierined with muck graceful simplicity, and as site
proceeded she manifested considerable feeling and sen- •
sibility. The applause she received was !tittering is the.
extreme, and she was exceedingly well supported by Mr.
Charles Keinble, who is now the best Hasa on the •
stage. The favourite Actors on their appearance were
hailed with applause, as is customary, at the commence-
ment of the season particularly. '1 he interior of the
theatre is beautiful, and the new' Chandelier. had an in.
describable fine effect.
On Wednesday night a Miss• Greene,. who had per.. -
formed in Bath and Dublin with considerable sitcom ,
made her first appearance on these boardsras Polly in she
Beggar's Opera. Sire is said to be the pupil of Mr.•,
Bishop. Her reception on the p esent occasion w4s of
the most fluttering character • and her performance.
seviuced abilities and powers Of much promise. Her
figure is neat, and her countenance elegant and mires.
awe : her action and general- demeanour were discreet
•end lady-like.' Her voice is one of great power • and
compass, and is unco iiiiii only clear. Site also port!,
'very highly cultivated skill, a superiorjudgment stodgiest
• taste. tier shakes and muodUlatiens, her cidseem. and
runs, were at ohm tastefuLand skilful ;• and these ate •
the finishes ofert whiels;add increased chitlins. to the.
.vocal'eforts. " Oh, ponder well I" and " Crag* your-
4stiming.". dispfayed prominently- and
,ineeesafully te.t
merits to which we. have briefly alluded. They were
enthusiastically encored, and the ease• with which Miss
Gleelbe executed most difficult paisages."eriabled .her so
repeat them even with increased success and sasiafititide.,
She also 'recited the narrative with *degree oCe&ot that
seldoni-cliaracteriaes a singer. The performance alto-
gether was most' creditable to her powers and. attain.
'lien's. •
Mr. T. Cooke (of Drury) played Saehealki and Mrs.,
Kemble appeared as Lucy. Her first scene wea.rather
over-acted, but the latter' scenes allorded an • agreeable,
contrast t.) Polly. The .celebrated quarrel scene beivreen
Lockil and lira-hum (Blanchard and Emery), as usual.-
produced great math; but sonic of the passages in the •
early part.of it were peculiarly applauded, and the da..
posit 1111 l so be well pleased was not lessened whets •
Eatery sung she following song— .
• " When exteensuse the age,
• Be eauuous and sage, •
Lest the Courtiers offended shooF. be
If you mention Vice or Buss,
'Tu so pat to all the tribe.
Each cries—• That was levall'd at me.'.".
The other cnaracteNs were well sustained. The house.,
was well attended.
On Thursday night the Corps de Billet of the Opera ,
House was brought forward here in Joarade a, the
Mince Troaradour : but a party appeared to have been •
(Muted to oppose them, from an- objection, we suppose, ,
to tile appearance of Foreigners oil our English stage.—
The illiberel opposition, however, did not succeed, and.
the exertions tit the malcontents souls snbsided. It is
only jiratice to add, that Mr. limns in engaging dm,
Corps de Ballet, was actuated by commisseration for the
inconvenience they hall necessarily endured, front the
premature closing of the Opera House.
Another Military outrage.—On Monday evening,
about 7 o'clock, an. affray took place in the principal
street of Leeds, between a number of the military
and the inhabitant*, which at one period threatened
the most serious' consegtienees- • This Imo origi-
nated in a.privste, belonging to the 6th regiment
of That (Which had just arrived from flulifax) seis-
ing an apple from a fruitatall, which invasion of
private property being resented by the owner, a ,
.quarrel ensued, in which the military and the
people took different sides. We regret to add, that
soldiers made use of their aide axon, stud that-several
persons were wounded, but none of them seriously.
The alarm which was occasioned is not so be de-
scribed. The shops in that part of the town where
it took place were immediately closed, and great
apprehension were entertained for the result. For-
tunately, however, the arrival of a guard from the.
barracks, and the interference of the officers, aided
by the exertions of our chief magistrate, prevented"
any furtLer mischief.

in,

i

,

Rom, Ai;o. 26.—Amongst the etuiuent person.
ages who have recently passed through this eapital•
we have remarked Lord Colchester, who, under the
name of Mr. Abbott, highly distinguished himself
as Speaker of the Eng.ish House olConirnons.
is travelling for the benefit of his health.

'HUN, SEPT. s.—An authentic letter, which we
have this day received from Cadiz, states that a ship
has arrived in that port with the happy "news that
the constitution of the Cortes has Leen proclaimed
at BuenosAyres, to the great joy of the inhabitants;
and such is the general :e ire fur peace entertained
by the inhabitants in the colonies, that it is expected
it will every where be rix:eivcd u►uler auspices
equally favourable.
Thursday 'muling one of the Twickenham
stages was I'verturnvd opposite St. Clement's church,
St. und. It was full of passengers, several of whom
were much ;IL.rt, but none dangcrous!y. 111 e
accident mewed Lv WIC of the wheels coming od.

-

Sid

SE&SIONS.

Wednesday, Clerkenwell Sessions. Mute was crowded
by. Reformers and others, anxious to hear the eloquence
and fate of the celebrated little Radical Waddington,
who wasput to the liar to take his trial upon the charge
-of having published .a wicked awl Seditious Libel, for
the purpose of exciting Sedition amongst the Soldiers,
and aliegating them from their allegiance to his Majesty.
Waddington, haying been arraigned, pleaded Not
Godly, and then addressed the. Chairman, requesting
that the Jury should be sworn in his presence. They
had been sworn before he entered the •Court, but he
said it would be a satisfaction to him to see the thing.
done.
4140011 as .the-Jury were sworn, he applied for and
• was instantly accoutniodated with pen, ink, and paper,
for the_purpose of taking note*.
Mr.'Reynolds then proceeded to state the substance of
the libel which he said 'Waddington had thought fit to
publish sta period when the public mind was in a slate.
. of great agitation, in consequence of the commencement
of proceedings whichi it had been deemed expedient to
institute against her Majesty. The libel was in the
shape of a placard, and it stated that the soldiers were
the friends of the injured Queen, that they wou!d sup-
, port her rights, mid then a dependance• might be placed
upon their equal eagerness tooupport the rights of the
ovary. it then alluded to Me Revolutions in Spain
and Naples, and called upon the people.to love the sot-.
. diers, who wane all friends to the Queen, but who were
cut off front all communication with the rest of the
public, and in fact prevented front seeing the faces of
their countrymen, except with bayonets fixed or drawn
swords.
The publication of the paper was then proved by two-
• Officers, who apprehended il'addington in Charing.
Cross, while in the AA-of:pasting up the placard. They
were examined by Mr. Holland.
Waddington then proceeded.upon his defence with a
-bygreat deal of calmness and collecteduesa, and concluded
a passage from Solomon.
1 he Chairman asked whether he had any witnesses to
call?
rWaddington.---." Sir, •my cause has no occasion for
,witnesses."
,The Chairman (Mr. ,Corm) said, the indictment
charged the defendant with a crime of great magnitude.
The_ ,question was, whether this toper had been pub-
liaWrionaltde with the view merely to political abterva-
tion and fair party discussion, or as a vehicle for the
introductiou of comments, of a seditious and dangerous
Arßect. If the Jury were of the former opinion, Mr.
Waddington was entitled to an acquittal; if of the iatter,
due must he responsible .for one of the most heinous of.
.fences agaisast society.
The Jury retired, and in an hour returned with a ver-
dict of Not Guilty.
Waddington immediately took his hat, and walked
quietly from the bar to his friends in the Anon, who
shouted and clapped as. he passed through.
William Holmes was indicted fora Hatt, the tendency
,of which was to seditiously and maliciously to excite the
soldiers against the Govenintent, arid to alienate front
:their fidelity and allegiance to the King.
This defendant was tried by the Jury that acquitted
',Waddington.
Mr. Reynolds said, that the libel of which he had
now to complain, was contained in a letter addressed to
Lord Castlereagh, and said to have been chopped in St.
James's-square. The Learned Counsel described the
knee as laving been written in an ironical strain, and
containing expreuiona of kindness to the Noble Lord,
at the same time that it held out the most dangerous
doctrine* to the military, and to the people. Here the
Learned Gentleman reed ,r passage, stating, that " a
:third Revolution, about the year 1820, would otobably.
irathe pages ofEttropean history." He conjured the
ur7 by all the regard which they had for the protection
of character and property and safety, to read this letter '
with the eye of common sense, and say whether it was
eponible that it could have been intended as matter of
lair discussion.
Two witnesses proved, that on the .nit of September •
last, they saw the defendant in Palace-yard, with a pla-
card in /lichen, and took from him several copies of the
letter, which was charged as a libel. One of the ofil.
cers purenased a copy. The letter was signed a " Loyal
Pioneer."
The defendant said, that he came six weeks ago from.
,Lincoln to seek employment. He was nearly three'
weeks in town without earning any thing, and then that
he hawked about those copies without knowing their
contents, for the support of his :family. He declared
most solemnly that he never should have dune so if he
had thought that any danger or injury attended it.
The Chairman said, he world not insult the Jury by
making any observations. It was obvious to every body
that the paper was a libel of the limit heinous kind.
The Jury immediately returned a verdict of Guilty,
but recommended the defendant to mercy.
The Chairman then sentenced Holmes to imprison-
ment in the House of Correction for six months.
A .Bill has bean found against the printer.

The late Eseentions for High 'lreason in Scot-
land.--We have seen two letters, one in the hand-
writing of Hardie, the other in the hand-writing of
Baird, but signed also by W. Smith. These letters
point out the persons who seduced them from the
path of loyalty ; but their names are mentioned, we
forbear to give them, but, no doubt, they arc pro-
perly looked after, and we trust, if they have acted
as represented, they may suffer the punishment they
merit. Ws again, in consequence of the informa-
tion conveyed in these letters, warn persons against
the stratagems of such charaetcrs.—.-Siirling

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

OLD. -BAILEY SESSIOAS.

On Monday, John Mullins was convicted of stealing a
watch from the person of a gentleman, St. James's-
square, and sentenced to transportation fur life.
BANK PROSECUTIONS.
Chinks Lee was then put to the bar; charged with pass-
ing a forged oute' amount one pound, purporting be
of the Beak -of England, in the shop of Mr. Byers -a
linen draper,. in East Street, Manchester Square. 'Mrs.
Byers. wife of the prosecutor, swore that the vote was
passed in her shop.
Mr. Low, signing clerk to the Bank, swore that the
note was forged, and the signature was not his.
The prisoner was then called in to know whether be had
any thing to say in his defence ? He said not.
Mr. Baron Graham then charged the Jury, who having
retired for about a quarter of an hour, they found a ver-
dict of Guilty against the prisoner.
Sarah. Price, a respectable looking elderly woman, was
capitally Indicted fur uttering a forged ii. note.
The prisoner, it appeared, went on the-2411i of June
last to the shop of Mr. King, in Castle Street, Leicester
Square, and having ptirchai.ed • pair of shoes, she ten-
dered a It. note, received the change, and went away.
These facts were clearly established, and • verdict of
Guilty, Death, was returned. Aged 44.
Thomas Goodhall, a simple looking country lad, -was
indicted for uttering a forged-11. note to Charles Temple..
It appeared that the prisoner met a girl of the town,
who asked him to treat her, which be promioed to do if
she could procure hint change for a 11. note. He gave
her a note, which Rise took to the Fos and Hounds public •
house. Ti f
Tile following day, at Marlborough Street, he
made a voluntary confession in writing. that he had par-
chased three forged 11. notes the same day, in company
with • men named Sykes.—Verdict—Guilty, Death.
Elisabeth Burnham was charged with uttering three 11.
Rotes, knowing them to be forged, to Mr. Hodges, land-
lord of the White Hart public house, in Pongee! Lane.
The prisoner -in her defence said, she received the
notes from • Mr. Smith, for certain favours,
The Jury retired for a short time, and returned the fol-
lowing verdict Guilty of uttering, bat not with a
felonious Intent."

Mr. Baron Graham—" That verdict, Goldman, would
amount to an acquittal. The offence charged is the titter-
ing with the knowledge that the notes were forged, which
constitutes the following•intent
The Foreman said, the Jory were of opinipn that she
had uttered the notes without that knowledge.
Mr. Baron Graham—"'Chen Gentlemen, your verdict
must be one of acquittal.•'
A verdict of Not Guilty was returned.
William Stevens, who had 'pleaded Not Guilty to the
capital charge of, uttering a forged 51. Note, knowing it
to be so, was pat to the bee, and with the corneal of the
Counsel foe the Bank, withdrew that. plea, and pleaded,
Guilty to the minor ufeace of baring the Note in hu
'possession, knowing it to he forged.
-On Tuesday, Arm. John Pennington, Eliza Callaghan,
J. Newman, and John Maddon, were.indieted for utter►
ing forged notes, with intend to defraud the Governor
and Company of the Bank of England. The first Not
Guilty, the other three Guilty. The prisoners Callaghan
' and Newman had pleaded Guilty to the minor offence.
but Mr. Justice Best said, Unit he week& take care that
',Callaghan rind Newman should he precisely in the same
situation as they were before they were Laud guilty of
the capital par► tithe charge.
Pluche Boreustein, a young married female, of' res-
pectable connection% was put to the bar, upon tin indict-
ment charging her with stealing two gold rings,..valne
the property of William Mott. This case, from the extra-
ordinary circumstances attending it, excited an noconimon
degree of ►nterest, and the Court was crowded almost to
suffocation.
The circumstance/of this ease were folly detailed In
oar Pollee Report about six weeks ago. The facts ap-
peared to be, that the prisoner went into the shop of the
presecutor, sadelcsired to look at sense wedding rings, in
doing which the prosecutor asserted that she stole one,
and redressed a metal ring for another.
The Common Sergeant, at great length, and with strict
impartiality, slimmed up the evidence to the jury, with
suitable coranients upon the very singular eirctimatances
' of the case.
The Jary consulted for about aviarter *fan hour, and
then retired, and after an hour's further deliberation, they
returned with a verdict of Not Guilty.
There was a partial clamping of hands when the Fore-
mau.pronounced the verdict, but this was immediately
repressed by the Court.
The prisoner, on hearing the verdict, drew her shawl
about her, and left the Court.
Tistirsdayaoseph }Atelier was indicted for assaulting,
and with violence taking from the person of' Thos. Aird,
401. and upwards in Bank notes, on the Ist of August.
This was one of the robberies committed on the opening of
the Regent's Canal, which for atrocity lies not liven
equalled by any thing tile snuffer nature for many years :
the prisoner formed one of a gang of nearly one hundred.
The property was found upon him, and the case in other
particulars was clearly made out. The prosecutor, an
elderly infirm Gentleman, was used with great cruelty
On the person of the :prisoner were found two five and
three ten pound note., making the amount charged in the
indictment. He made uo deti.nce, but called lour wit-
nesses. who gave him a good character. The Jury found
him Guilty—Death.
The prosecutor recommended him to mercy, bat Mr.
Justice Best was fearful it could not be attended to, as
the protection of the public imperiously demanded that
the law should take its coarse.
James Leith was indicted for stealing on the Ist of
April mquantity of valuable jewellery, the property of
Mr. Hayden, of Rupert-street.
The evideuce in ibises:se was Mr. Hayden, who proved
his going out on Easter Sunday, and that on his return lie
found his chests, that euiptained property to the amount
of six thousand pounds broken open, mad the jewellery
swim On the 24th of June lie called on Mr. Hatton, to
whole the prisoner had been offering part of the stolen
properly that meriting.
lie was cross-esisinined by Mr. Adolphoa, by which it
appeased that the property was the all of the prosecutor.
William Hatton proved the prisoner remits' to his house
and silicas's part of the stolen property for sale.
Richard Warren corroborated the testimony of the last
witness.

114 e use laaviug gone Om far, Mr. Justice Beat con-

sidered the charge could not be sustained, tad the prw
loner was acquitted.
George 'Edwards was capitally indicted for assaulting
Henry Buridge, potting him in fear, and taking from his
person a *star, chain, and seals. The. Jury Icruud bin
Guilty.
Griffiths Parry, aged SO, was capitally indicted for rob.
bin! James Carter on the King's highway, of a watch,
chain and seals, value 491. and upwards.
Mr. Carter stated, tint oo the evening in question, he
bed been drinking freely, and or alighting about tea
o'clock from a Paddington stage coach, be tripped and
.felt, and the prisoner came up and mid, " I know this
gentleman, and will take care of him." Witness thanked
him, and they went up Castle-street together, bat had
not gone fir when the prisoner, kicked rip his heels, •and
he (ell. While falling be felt his watch taken (rem his
fob, and caned out, "don't lake my watch." •Witness
called out, "-Stop thief," and the prisoner was pursued
nod brought back.
Mr. John West was ,lo Castlemtreet,%City road, on the
evening motioned, and heard Mr. Carter callous " don't
take my watch," arid saw theirrisoner running. He .per-
sued, and the witness threw a watch into an area, where
the (witness found it. The prisoner said don't hurt me,
and the gentleman shall have his property."
Mr. Blackburn assisted the last witness-in seaming the
prisoner and-corroborated his statement.
Mr. Justice Best summed up the evidence, and the
Jury found the prisoner Guilty of stealing from the per-
son, bet not with force and violence.
He was strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury
and proseewor.
John-lien:, was capitally convicted of stealing a piece
of cotton, vane SI. privately la the shop of Clement
Sharpe, in B eeeee is-street, Oxford-street.
FOlMMY•—Thomas -Fuller Harnett, a person of gen-
teel appearance, was capitally indicted ,for forging and
publishing as true, two Bills of Exchange, each for 201.
purporting to bear the acceptance of Colonel Arthur
Gordon, of the Sth Dragoon (lairds, with intent to de-
fraud Thomas Thompson. The prisoner appeared to be
severely indisposed, and ostnaking a request totheCoort,
was allowed to have a-chair.

It appeared lot evidence that the primmer, tar the 2d of
August last, uttered the two bills it question to the son
of Mr. Thompson; who is a draper in St. Martin's lane,
in payment for some goods which he had purchased. He
received the change of one of the bills, and was to cal
• for the other, but in the interim the bills had been pre-
sented to Mess's. Greenwood and Cox, army agents, and
declared to be forgeries. A warrant was then applied for
at Bow-street, and Hourphrier, • constable, by means of
watching the prisoner's servant, traced him to a hoasear
Hampstead, where be found him in bed. wadi/Wormed
him that he had a warrant against Len, 'at the suit of Mr.
Thompson. The prison !aimed, " Good God I I ant
-outdone. •It I■ all the fault of my friends is nut relieving
me." He said it was all his own doing, and he mast sof-
fer for it. He seemed dreadfully agitated, and called for
some laudanum, of •which be took a quantity he soar
water. He said that be Intended, if Mr. Thompson had
sent him the charge for the-second bill, au have gone lb
Bath, and from theme tuireiand, where ho should have
got the money, and would have remitted the lull amount
to Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Lewis, a gentleman le Court, spoke of the high
character which he had hitherto borne in society. He
was formerly Paymaster. of else tllh Regiment of Fuot.
The Jury found .the prisoner Guilty—Drath—but re-
commeuded Cur to mercy, in which Mr. Thompson ear-
nestly joined.

Air Extraordinary Request.-4 convict who was
found guilty of forgery at the last York anises, and
sentenced to be transported for life, made an appli-
cation to Mr. Justice Park, requesting that he would
immediately order him for execution, as he should
prefer death to perpetual slavery and bondage. The
Learned Judge. gave a verbal and very laconic reply
to this extraordinary request—which was, that his
Lordship waives" ot;orry thatle could not oblige him.
On Friday morning, between one and two o'clock, the
watchman at Milngavie Cotton-mill, near Glasgow, was
,alarmed by observing a ball of fire descending near the
wall of the mill. His suspicion being aroused, he pro-
ceeded in the direction from whence the ball seemed to
fall, and discovered a man in a stooping posture, with a
covered lantern, apparently preparing another combus-
tible for the purpose of throwing into the mill, the first
having failed. Upon this he thrice challenged the per-
son, but on receiving no answer. levelled and discharged
a blunderbuss, loaded with slug-shot, at him. The matt,
however, effected his escape. The report of• the piece
alarmed the watchman on the neat 111311011, and he
observed a man running, whom he endeavoured to lay
hold of; but without effect. He then called out to hint
to stop, or he would fire at him, but no answer being
made, the watchman fired's musket at lion, also loaded
with slugs, when the man instantly fell. The watchman,
in place of running up and seizing him, went to the
house of the Clerk to procure assistance, the• other
watchman being engaged in the pursuit of the firm shot
at. When he returned. the obj• ct of their 1111111111 had
made his escape, hut had left his hat behind, which 11J11
pierced with two balls, one close to the band, and very
bloody inside. Ott proceeding to the spot where the
first person had been shot at, they also found a hat
pierced with three slugs, and two pistols, one a small
pocket pistol, loaded to within half an inch of the
inuzsle, and the other a holster pistol, with a charge of
six inches, and a roll of paper spread over with tar, tat.
low, and gunpowder.—A lantern was found in the Mill
Canal in the morning. It appeared that one of the ver-
sions had escaped over the gate, as there was a consider-
able quantity of blood on and about. it. One of the Oen
was observed at six o'clock near New Kilpatrick), wit limn
his hat, and his face bloody, who, ott being ow-ilium:Al
by a penult bow he came to be in that state, said that lie
was a smuggler, and had been attacked and shot at by an
Excise 011icer.—We are happy to state, that the anose
persons arc secured.
Lord Gwydir has appointed the Rev. W. Hardwicke,
Rector of ()unwell, in Norfolk, and Lecturer of Wisberit
St. Peter, tube one of his Lordship's Domestic:Chaplains.

Loos Amts, Or TOMATO BlßlTo—..laote apples are
now to be seen in great abundance at all our vegetable
markets;. but I do uut find (observes !halms in his late
work on fruits) that they are used• by the middle or
lower classes of English families, who have yet to learn
the art of improving their dishes with vegetables. Tnis
fruit hes long been used by the wealthy Jew families in
this country; and within these last few years it has come
into great use with all our best cooks, as it possesses in
itself so agreeable acid, a very unusual quality in ripe
vegetables, and which makes it quite distinct from all
garden vegetables that are used for culinary purposes in
this cauutry. When boiled in soups and sauces it ins-
parts an acid of a most agreeable flavour: it is also served
at table boiled or roasted, and sometimes fried with
eggs. This author states that it is a native of Mexico.
from whence it was brought by the Spaniards, who-
as Barham observe., uses them its their sauces and gra,
vies, because the juice, as they say, it as good as any
gravy„and also, by its richness, warms the blood. Par-
kinson mentions it as being cultivated in this country as
early as 1656; but it was then placed for ornament and
curiosity only; and even at the present time they are
grown mu. many gardens in England merely bur the sin-
gularity of their appearance. We learn that oue gar-
dener at Isleworth gathered 133 bushels last summer
from 600 plants only. We have no doubt but he has
films(' a ready salethis year at Cotton instead of Covent
Garden, as they are much admired by the Italians.
Au accidentoccurred the other day, alter the return
of the aquatic excursion front Woolwich, in the West-
nrinster.road, by one of the wheel: of her Majesty's car-
riage passing over the kg of a young man, who had
ineautiousiy approached too closely, which lacerated it
so dreadfully, that at first it was feared amputation would
be indispensable. The circonistance happened close to
surgeon Fox's house, Altlina-piace, whittler the tram.
tunate lad was instantly conveyed, and where every pos-
sible attention was rendered that the nature of the case
required. Notwithstanuing the wound isofconaitierable
magititila and much contused (the bones being laid bare
for several inches), under the judicious treatment and
humane attention of Mr. Fox the patient is likely to do
well. As soon as the accident was made known to her
Majesty, she, with the truly characteristic humanity of a
British Queen, soon forgot her own cares to sympathise
with her aillicied subject. A messenger waidespatched
to the residence of the young man, whose paresis are
extremely poor; temporary relief was agustled thew,
with an intimation that the professional gentleman
should not discontinue his attendance for the want of
adequate consld ration, and that, in the meantime, the
patient would tan be forgotten.
HORMEL' INSTANCE OF ItSLIIIIOIt MADNESO
A poor woman in the Groves, near Rockingham, last
Saturday, cut her throat, under the painful conviction
that she could not be saved. We have seldom beard of
a more distressing case. Her character was ahugether
respectable, and she lived with her husband and lauiily
in great domestic comfort. Yet she had persuaded her-
self that she was an object of divine inexhorable wrath,
and her misery because so intolerable that she resolved
to end it by committing the dreadful act above stated .--•
At the awful nointeet, however, her fortitude seems to
have failed her, for the wound inflicted was not mortal,
but so severe as to cause an immense effusion of blood,
which, when she was di.covered, had brought her to a
State of great debility. Still she might have been saved,
but unfortunately the young man sent to examine her, on
the very point of putting in the needle to sew up the
wound, fainted away, oppressed by the distressing sight
of the polecat and the blood with which the MOM was
deluged. Thus time was lost, and, before further assist-
ancecoold be obtained, she was a corpse.
URDER.—On Tuesday, 6th inv.., John Wright, of
Wolverhampton, locksmith, was taken into custody for
drowning his son, James Wright. a boy of about five
years of age, in the Birmingham canal. An inquest was
held on the bridy of the lad on Wednesday, before H.
Smith, Esq., Coroner; and we extract the following
particulars of this distressing circumstance from the de-
positions :—Wright'S wife, who had been from him
some months attending a sick person, went oil' with
another man to Darlaston, on Sunday the 3d ion. Wilfft
Wright round them, and brought her house to his lod-
gings. They slept together, and appeared perfectly
reconciled ; but as soon as he went to his work on the
next morning, his wife left the house and did nut return.
When.he Caine home to his dinner, and found site was
again gone off, he became extremely agitated and frantic,
and continued so during the day. He that night slept
with the boy, and on the following morning got ep
about seven o'clock, and, taking the lad with him, pro-
ceeded to Wyrlev canal,-into which he threw him but
relenting, jumped in alter hiss, and took him out, and
went to a cottage to dry themselves, when he was desired
to take the child home, amid put him to bed. He went
away with the intention of doing so; but feeling at a
loss to account for the state in which they were, lie
again resolved upon effecting his purpose, which he ac-
cordingly did. He then came back to the town, and
very shortly afterwards couutitinicated what lie laud done
to two of his relations, who went with him to the Bir-
mingham canal, near Atherley, when one of them
went in, and found the body. Upon its being taken
from the water, the prisoner manifested the strongest
marks of affection towards it. Witness spoke to the
uniform kindness nut!) which the prisouer had treated
the child, and to the agitated and confused state of mind
before and after the perpetration of the ermine. The
Coroner's jury returned a verdict of Wilful wader ;"
amid Wright has been committed to the county gaol
thereupon.
At the sale of his late Majesty's prime stock of true
Merino sheep, on tile bill inst. the highest bidders did
not much exceed the price for the Southdowns.
claws of the royal dairy chiefly consisted of the lfurharn
amid Tweester breed, which sold at various prices, but
the highest did not exceed 301.
At darling Fair, tan 'l'uesday, the quantity of sheep
offered for sale was very great, Lot ~oery few of which
Wert disposed of, although offered at very rttitwed prices.

TAR NATIONAL REGISTER

Ihscovatte Sittrii.—Considerable 'apprehensions
have been entertained by many persons for the safety of,
the vessels which•sailed last year to the Adriatic Seas,
on account of the want of all information respecting
them; but titer: fears have not existed with those ac-
quainted with the subject. It is well known that the
object in the first instance, was to explore the Lancaster
&mud, which had been represented, by the Commander
,of the former expedition, as entirely surrounded by land,
and nearly blocked up with ice. The ships were seen-
and spokes to in July last year, being then on their pas-
sage to Lancaster Sound; and as they have been neither,
seen nor heard of since, it is conjectured they have
made their nay through the Sound, into ,seas hitherto
unexplored; for, Wd no passage existed through. it,
they must have returned through Davis'. Straits,. and
there beets seen by sorne of she Whalers in the last sea-
son. This conjecture is strengthened by intelligence just
received from I.beis's Straits, by which it appears that,
iu the present summer, Captain Johnson, in the Coes.
&ion, of Hall, sailed up Lancaster Sound eighty miles :
he found a large swell and the wind strong against
the sea there, being quite clear of ice, the sides of the
Sound were about '2O miles apart al the highest point he
reached ; be could see 120 wiles, Of thereabouts, further
up, and there was no appearance of land or any obstruc-
tion. Captain Johnson seems to have no doubt that the
discovery ships had passed through the Sound, but he
heard nothing of them. lie left the Sound on the 23d
of August, on which day he met Captain Bell, iu the
Kiendrhip, of Hull, sailing up the Sound. The Friend-
ship, as well as the Truelove, another Whaler, had also
proceeded to the northward in Davis's Straits, and have
been in much higher latitudes than Captain Ross. The
. Whalers, which are now on their return, will of course
bring much interesting information, but intelligence
from the discovery ships can hardly yet be expected.
MAN UVA CTU RING DISTRICTS.—The situation of
Birmingham, ascertained as it is by actual inquiry. is
such as to strike conviction to the mind of every consi-
derate man, that we arc in a rapid course of national
decline, and that nothing but a change of system can
save us from bankruptcy. The case of Birmingham is
that of every manufacturing district in the United King-
dom, and not only of the manufacturing districts, but
of the great agricultural body of the realm. We trust
the useful example of the Gentlemen of Birmingham
will be followed, and that there will be laid before the
public a statement of the local situation of every other
great town ; for it is only by such expositions, that Va-
liament can be truly informed of the actual condition
of tits country. It as in wain to trait to Custom-home
books against such evidence as the Committee of Bir-
Miugham have produced, since, however specious the
entries on the books may be made for the purposes of
fallacy, there can be no dispute as to the decrease of
consumption, when all the persons engaged in vending
articles of the first necessity concur its their testimony as
to the diminution of sales.

FOOTPAD ROIIIIIIIRY.--.00 Wednesday evening, be-
fore dark, as Mr. Roland Brampstom, of Bird Street,
Oxford Street. was returning home from Kilburn, he
was overtaken in the fields leading from thence to Lord's
Cricket Ground by some villain; one of whom, without
the slightest intimation, knocked him down, and he
was afterwards kicked ou the head, which deprived hint
of his senses. The ruffians got [ruin bim his watch and
the contents of his pocket, about 17v. in silver, and his
hat. Mr. Brampston did not recover until roused by
souse people returning from work, and he was conveyed
home much hurt. These robbers are supposed te be-
long to suite diabolical gangs about the Edgware Road.
About two o'clock on Tuesday morning, the family of
Mrs. Sophia Johnson, of Ivy-house. North-end. Ramp-
stead, were alarmed by hearing some persons in the
house. alarm-bell was immediately rung, and after
a short time the watchman and sunsets/the ueignbours
came to their assistance. On examining the premises, a
lighted taper was found on one of the chairs in the hall.
Two time-pieces had been taken from the mantle-piece
in the parlour, and placed on the floor; and several other
articles were deposited in places the must convenient for
carrying them of Owing to the precipitate retreat
which the delinquents were obliged to make, they had
only time to take a lady's gold watch and a black silk
pelisse, and the latter article was found in an adjoining
held in the course of the morning. Entrance to the
house was gained by breaking open with a crow-har a.
door leading into the garden at the back of the house,
and by the same way the escape was effected.
On Wednesday two lads, named Rowe and NVills,
were together in a house at Latnellion. year Liskeard :
Rowe, in a playful manner, took up a gun, which was
an the room, and, not couceiving it was loaded, levelled
the piece, and told Wills he would shoot I : unfortu-
nately he pulled the trigger, and lodged the contents of
the gun, a charge of shot, in the neck and bead of his
companion, who was so desperately wounded that he
lies without hope of recovery.
MANCHESTER POL Monday week two
meitibeis of the Co 111111 l ttee for obtaining signatures to
the Add.eu to the Queen, from the artisans and me-
chanics of this twin, were taken nun custody on a
charge of vagrancy. 'referred by Mr. lielfur, who keeps
a barber's silty in Market-street. It appeared, front the
statement before the magistrate, that NIL Laud and Mr.
'realow (the two •illenders in question) were soliciting
subscriptions to defray the expeuces incidental to the
outainment of signatures. Passing from shup to shop, in
dui course they arrived at that new in the occupation of
Mr. 11.2tfor, by whom they were matelot), seized, and
delivered over into the custody of an officer. Tile next
inureing (Tuesday), at IV, the case came on before Mr.
Norris. The Burtioghreeve was sitting nit the bench.
The defendants were immediately set at liberty, and, the
box having been returned to them, they departed out of
court with a numerous body of their trends, who had
:invaded to witness the proceedings.
Os the lath inst. the Mary. of Kincardine, Brown,
master, from Riga fur London, went nu the Ridge of
Lowestoft, but was got off by assistance from L..westufr,
with but hale damage.

A prioate soldiee belonging to the Royal Veterans, of •
the name of Shannon, was picked up in the-roadway
close by the Queen's Head public-house, near Chatham
Church, ott Wednesday morning, in nearly a lifeless •
state, and was carried to the hospital, where he died
the next day. From the account he gave of himself, it
was conjectured, that he had thrown himself from a
window of the public-house, in a state of intoxicatiou;
and as no evidence was adduced to show thee he had
suffered injury by any other means._ the Coroner's Jury,
which was summoned by K. Made. Esq.; gave a verdict
of " Accidental Death.'
On the 16th inst. the Endyrition, of Sunderland, ran •
on -board of, and sunk, the Charlotte, of Sunderland.—
Three men and au infant i months old, landed at -
Lowestoft from the Charlene . The maswr, and the
mother of the babe were unfortunately drowned.
On Thursday se'nnight the completion of the Ewes -
and Colchester Infirmary was celebrated. This building, •
erected in a very airy intuition on the road- to Leaden, -
consists ofaeveral spacious and lofty wards, fitted op foe
the reception of too patients. Th. Corporation, the
Archdeacon of Colchester, e,:c. auended divine service at
St. Peter's Church, where *eery excellent sermon from -
Luke xiv. 13, 14, was preached by the Rev. C. J. Bloom-
D. D. Rector of St. Botolph's Bishopsgate spd of Great
Chesterfonl, Essex, who made a very pathetic appeal so -
his hearers.—Upwards of 601. was collected. at the
church-door, —After the sennon4 numerous party par--
took of a dojeasti a la fetnelseite in one of the wards of the -
hospital. The health of the preacher was proposed by
N. Jarrett, Esq. with thanks for his sermon, and a -
request that it might be printed, to which, however; Mr. '•
B. begged to deolitie according. At the conclusion of
the repast dancing commenced, which was kept up with •
great spirit to -a late hour in the afternoon. The Latin-
miry was opened for patients on Thursday hut
On Monday se'nnight as a servant of Mr. Neal, of
Whissonsett, was returning home from Fakenhain with
a horse and gig,.in crossing the river at Hempton Mill
the horse put his bead down todrink, and the bridle rein
being loose, it is supposed his foot got entangled, as on •
pulling him it was found he could not get his head up,
in consequence of which the horse was pulled round
into the pools which was a hole lb feet deep, heinne-
diately sunk, with the gig and driver. Although assist- •
ance was at hand, it was not possible to save the horse,
and it was with the greatest difficulty the man's life
was saved, by means of a rope being lowered to- him •
before he was (pile exhumed.
Last week a match of- cricket was played at Millen-
hall, .between the clubs of that town and Stowmarket
and on Monday last the return snatch was to have been--
played at Thoruey Green,- near Stowmarket, but the
wetness of the day prevented its taking place.
VERT RIMARILASLE Friday reek, as •
Thomas Laidl.,w, stonemason, was employed in the
inside of a well, at Newtown of Rocklin,- a few miles
from Carlisle, he was completely buried by the falilizeira-
of the walls mute:nth. He was standing upon-a • -
some yards from the top of the well, when he perceived
the walling and earth beneath to give way, and almost.
instantly the whole top pan fell in upon him, with an
immense quantity of mould, which completely buried-
the poor man nearly. five yards below its surface. The
other workmen upon the spot immediately began to •
clear out the rubbish, to save, if possible, the life of their
fellow workman, although they entertained little hope*
of success. Afier lifting away the stones, many of-which
were very large, they heard the voice of the unfortuuate
men through the earth ; he was calling to them to work -
by the rope, front which a bucket was suspended.- After -
three hours' labour, they came to the-unfortunate sufferer, -
who was so firmly fixed in the ruins, that-it was difficult
to move his lege. It is calculated that no less than ten
cart loads of rubbish lay upon him, and yet, it svas very
remarkable, he was extricated not only with life, .but
without sustaining any material injury.. He was able to
pursue his usual occupation on Monday, harirsg-hotessly
one day's work by his misfortune.
ROBIDERT *NO ATTEMPT TO Motu:mt.—Thursday
night, between eight and nine o'clock, as Geo. Welfare,
one of the constables at the 'l'oivii Hall, Southwark, was •
walking over the Dover-road, his-attention was attracted
by a inoauiisg noise, which seemed to proceed from a •
stuall field at the end of Dover-street. He hinteued to
where he thought the voice proceeded from, and as he
approached closer, he beheld a man stretched on the
ground. 'lite officer lifted him up, but it was souse time
before he could persuade him he was safe. At klig1•1
he suffered himself to be cat ried into the road, and trout
thence to a surgeon, -where he was properly dressed.
There were three desperate wounds on the head, and
one on the cheek, supposed to have been indicted by
some heavy weapon; his clothes were torn and bloody.
aermunt he gave of the circumstance was, that be
was a stranger to the neighbourhood ; that while cross-
ing the field where the officer found him, he was attacked
by a it ttttt her of thieves and women, who beat him with
sticks until he was stunned, and then took his- watch
and pocket-book, in which lie Mad 51. in Otani besides a
few shillings in silver, with which they made off, leav-
ing him in that deplorate shutout's.. '!he attack was so
sudden, that lie could not identify any of the robbers.
A Lucw.r PARISH 1-4:1 the returns to Parliament., •
respecting the weans possessed by the several parishes in
England to educate the poor and others, it is stated, that
in the parish of St. Michael Hassishaw, (London),
" there are riot any poor inhabitants !I!" and the mine
return mentions that there are no endowments for the
education of youth ; and that there are tau oilier instittia.
tions for the purpose of education. The parish contains
650 inhabitants.

An action. of Grin. Con: wherein Mr. William
Henry Hall was plaintiff, anti Major Geo. Darrow
ddendant, was tried at the Supreme Court at Hali-
fax, on the ifOilt of July. The plaintiff's case was
established by a number of witnesses, and the Jury,
atlez an address from tho. Hun. Judge Stewart, and -
I ball an hour's deliberation, found a verdict for We.
plaintiff—Aux:ages, 4001.
