• ►oftin,
SUNDA , SEPTEMBER 4, 1808.

POLITIC4L EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

BRITISH VICTORIES OVER THE tRENCH TROOPS.
To-day we have the inexpressible satisfaction of being
able to communicate the long-anticipated intelligence of a
signal victory gained by our army in Portugal. Whatever
way we contemplate this important occurrence, it affords
us equal matter for exultation and pleasure. In the midst
of those mingled sensations,. we felt no surprise, because
the cool, determined, persevering valour of our soldiers
was never dubious. This is one of those great, compre-
hensive events, which comes home to the bosom of every
Briton ; and which will be is rapturously felt on the Shan-
non as on the Thames. Thanks, heartfelt, inexpressihe
thanks to our army and their gallant Commander ! They
have gloriously fulfilled the duties their country expected
from them. She entrusted to them the sacred pledge of
her glory and reputation ; and her confidence has not been'
disappointed. . The vaunted impetuosity and tactical skill
of the Gallic invincibles were unable to withstand the irres'
sistible impulse of British patriotism, seconded by British
bayonets. Distinguished warriors! worthy deiceiv!ants of
the heroes.of Agincourt, Cressy, Blenheim, and Minden I
You have gloriously begun a campaign, whose object is no
less than the emancipation of Europe, from the unlit loath-
some and dangerous despotism, that ever scourged man-
kind. You have been sent to rescue the country of the
most ancient, the most faithful of our Allies, from time fangs
of the monsters who had been so long preying on their vi-
tots and after having finished this glorious achievement,
you are hastening to co-operate with a distinguished peo-
ple, whose annals are only a recapitulation of victories;
whose fields, whose mountains, whose cities, present eter-
nal monuments of success against the CartNagenians, Ro-
mans, and Moors. Whose sense of honour is equal to their
bravery, and whose integrity is only rivalled by their pa-
triotism. When all Europe lay trembling and appalled at
the feet of an inexorable and haughty adventurer, this ge-
nerous nation spurned every kind of compromise with the
daring ruffian, and formed unanimously tho resolution .
Ater to cover their native fields with their mangled car-
casses, and those of their parents, their wives, and their
children, than to consent to the slavery of their country.
Their success has been correspondent w ith their determi-
nation, and the sanctity of their cause. You arc going
now not so much to* assist. them in delivering their country
from their infamous invaders—they have already achieved
that themselves—but to rival and participate, in their fu-
ture exploits, in that very country, from whence, for more
than sixteen years, myriads of revolutionary harpeys have
taken their flight, to ravage and pollute the temples, the
habitations, and the fields of the neighbouring natnies.
Your country will unceasingly follow you in this distin-
guished career. Her gratitude will be even superior to
your exploits ; and when you return, crowned with victory
and the benedictions of the universe—you will find in the
applause of your countrymen,
and the joyful tears of your
relatives and friends, an ample compensation fur your 'w-
uourable services.

^r*:.l- •

z..

• l'irqr

PtEMBER-4.1 TfIE NATIONAL REGISTER.`

Suet' are tile grateful effuSiOns of every Briton on read-
ing this importadt. iutelligence. Not and of our victories,
by sea or land, 'distinguished as they have been, since the
le4;iiiiiing aline ttevulutiouary War, has excited more uni-
versal transports. Our naval superiority was universally
acknowled,,,ed Hui. this his removed every doubt from
t n mind 01' one roost sceptical,' every particle of anxiety
from tile breast of the most timorous, that the bravery ana
aiscyline V our laid armies arc not only equal, but 4111-
,14c:1y salierior to those of every other people existing.—
Wien paela at:mu:lA..4 must th;s conviction excite in our
bosoms: Nli.mt a Sell does it open to an aspiring and opu-
lent community 1 We are the only people mentioned in
Is;siiiry, hum the commerce and the riches of the world
base not been able to corrupt. If any thing surpasses our
vCoaai riches, it is our national energy. Let no false
no false glare of political morality on the
pact of methorLstical Statesmen, prevent us from pursuing
t. career of aggrandisement, which our resources, moral
and physical, point out to us. Nothing is stationary in
this world. If a State does not go forwards, it inevitably
goes backwards. This is a moral and political axiom. Let
us inaltiply our armies in this portentous crisis. The news
of our victory will soon spread front one extremity of the
Continent toanotliee. It will have more effect on rousing
their dormant energies, than any other circumstance which
could have occurred. Let us guide their efforts, let us en-
courage their exertions against the common enemy ; and
when they see a. hundred thousand British soldiers, not dis-
gracefully cooped up in their island—the descendants of
the Edwards and the Henrys confined to their shores ! t—
tut encamped WI the Plains of Picardy, they will recollect
what their united efforts had formerly done under the gui-
dance of a Marlborough. Is this language too bold ? Is
this opinion unsupported by precedent, or invalidated by
piesent feeling and occurrences the universal
c infusion which will soot take place on the Continent ;
in the general friction, moral and national, which will en-
sile, if we do not seize on the suprerriacy, another more
daring nation will do it. Let us resume our ancient motto :
that not a single cannon shall be fired in Europe without
our permisgian ! Woe to the people who do not seize the
advantages of the situation and the moment ! Woe to the
'Statesman, who is scared from the pursuit of a great ob.
feet, by the scruples of the c‘mscientious, or the resistance
of a faction ! In politics, the morality of a people is secu-
rity and greatness ;—their immorality :Irises from weak-
ness and lethargy. The same moral rule is applicable to
states as inilivideals,—oely the active and enterprising de-
veJope those great virtues which raise states and indivi- .
clink to the summit of greatness and vigours whilst
ileac-
ticon engenders aft those loathsome vices and nasty passions
which are productive of moral turpitude aud physical de-
b3ity.

A letter has been received at Lloyd's, from Oporto, da-
tcd August 28, which states, that the French army under
General JVATOT had evacuated Lisbon, after plundering the
place of twenty-three waggon loads of valuables, and ou
the 24th had an action with the British army, in which
General Loison and 5000 French were kited, Gen. JtivoT
aad the rest of his army taken prisoners. Upon the Freud:
evacuating Lisbon, the Russian fleet hoisted Portuguese
colours.

The gloridus.intelligeuce of the Victory obtained under
Sir Arthur Wellesley, was brought about eight o'clock oa
Thursday uiglit to Lord Castlereagh's •Ofiice
1

by Captain
Campbell. it Ina soon after communicated by his Lord-
!hip to the Lord Mayor.
COPY.
" Downing-street, September 1,1808.
"MY LORD—I have the honour to acquaint your Lordship,
that Captain Campbell arrived this evening with dispatches
from Lieutenant-General Sir Arthur Wellesley, dated Vitniera,
the 22d ult. giving an account of two Victories obtained over
the French arms in Portugal—the first on the 17th at Zambneiea,
over the advanced corps of the French, con,isting of 6000 men,
eammandsed by Generals Laborde and Brenier, in which the
Freoch were defeated n ith the loss of 1500 men, killed, wound-
ed, and prisoners; the second, over the whole of the French
army in Portugal, consisting of 14,000 men, commanded by
General Junot, wherein the French were completely defeated, .
with the loss of 13 pieces of cannon, 23 tumbrills of ammuni-
tion, and about 3,300 men, in killed, wounded, and prisoners.
" In consequence of this action, General Kellerman arrived
w ith a flag of truce at !lead-quarters on the 22d, to treat for
terms.
" Lieut.-General Burrard leaded, and arrived in the field of
' action after the battle had commenced on the 21st ult. ; but he
generously declined taking the command from Sir Arthur Wel.
lesley. On the '2l, Lieutenant-General Sir Hen Dalrymple
landed, and took the command.-1 have the honour to be, &c.
(Signed) " CasrLaasaau.
To the Right Hod. the Lord Mayor, ffc."
.As soon as Sir Arthur Wellesley was joined by General ,
Spencer, he lost nu time in advancing into the country.
By the 15th, the opposing armies had approached so near
each other, that an affair of outposts took place on that
day near Opedas. On the following day the British artily
halted. On the 17th, our troops came up with the ad-
vanced corps of the French, amouutiug to 6000 infantry
and 800 cavalry. They were most advantageously posted .
in the passes: but as Sir- Arthur had fallen in upon their
line of match, lie was under the necessity of attacking ,
them, though the advantages were on their side. Only
part :)f our force was engaged, chiefly the sth, 9th, 29th.
60th, and 95th regiments ; of these the 29th and 95th bore
the brunt of the battle. Nothing could exceed the steady
discipline, and the cool and determined courage with which
our troops advanced to the attack. It was a very severe •
conflict, but here it was remarked that our artillery was .
infinitely better served than that of the French, vuanted to
be the best iu Europe. The enemy at length yielded to the
valour of our countrymen, and-fell back in confusion.
with the loss of 1500 men, killed, wounded, and prisoners.
On the-18th and 19th Sir Arthur continued his pursuit of
the enemy.. On the 20th, he halted, and drew off' nearer
the sea, to cover the landing of General Anstruther's divi-
sion. As soon as this junction was effected, the whole ar-
my was refreshed 'after the fatigues they had endured. Oa
the 21st, Sir Arthur found that the enemy were determined
to give battle. They commenced the attack at Vemeira,
rather before it was expected, and with the utmost gallan-.
try and good order. Their impetuosity was, as usual, ex-
treme.; and they hoped by.means of it to throw our ranks
"it° confusion, and gain the victory. But they were
British troops with whom they had to contend ; and our
brave army, nothing daunted by the violence of the onset,
or the furious fire opened upon them, advanced without
firing a gun, with tixed b iyonets. The enemy became
soon dismayed by this steadiness and coolness, and were •
forced to fall back. The tontlict then began to be most
severe and sanguinary—hut though the eaelny fought with
great gallantry and determination, t`ley were never able to •
make any disadvantageous impression upon our troops. .
At length victory decided in WI r favour, and the enemy
were completely beaten and .lisperse4l into the woods, con-
tiguous to the scene of or ion. Janet commanded in person,
and his main attack vv;.II on our centre and left—our right,
containing about 7000 men, was not so much engaged
as the other twv divis;ons. T‘.4 regiments of grenadiers,
the flower of the irczNicli army, who composed Juuot's
