COVENT GARDEN.

Monday Miss N.C. Boyle made her second appearance
as Rosalind, and established herself as a favourite in the
character, which is one of the dui theuvres of Shak-
spear in the line of elegant comedy, and perhaps one of
the ru-st difficult ro sustain up to the true feeling and
spirit of the author. To do any thing like justice to all
the tine turns of thought, of expression and allusion
41vith which the text abunds, and to elicit at once the
freedom and archness, with the elegance and purity,
and to blend these with the romantic boldness of the
character, seem to require such maturity of judgement,
that to have succeeded to the extent which Miss Boyle
has really done, is a compliment of no ordinary kind to
a Lady of seventeen. In one respect, however, the
youth of the actress is in her favour. Maurer perform-
ers arc aot to mingle with the archness and freedom
that characterize, in every scene, the Rosalind of Shak-
spear, too much of that sort of boldness which results
from being hacknied in the world. In complete anti-
thesis to this error, the new Rosalind is, perhaps, the
most conspicuous that can be instanced in the history of
the nuslern stage. She was very warmly applauded,
especially in the scenes of more playful comedy, and at
the conclusion a wreath of laurel was thrown upon the
stage, by some very ardent, but not very delicate or ju-
dicious admirer.

A new Melo-drama was afterwards produced, called
the Broken Sword. It is a translation from the French
of a very interesting little piece, and adapted to repre-
sentation with considerable skill.
Myrtilloa ami, orphan (playel by Nt's. I.uppino), lost his speck
front the horror of the assassmauon of his father, who was mordercd
by Colonel Ri4olin (Terry) for his money, to math the j,;ambling
iistivs of the Colonel, which had thrown him into a paroxysm of de-
spair and madness. The Colonel directs suspicion against Fstevan
(Farley), the scream of the murdered man, who is condCMlloll to per-
petual slavery, from which, however, he escapes to an asylum oflcred
him by a female relative at the font of the Pyrenees. The actual
muriii:rer, after this, in the course of his duty as a soldier, saves the
life of a relation of Claudio. with whom he returns home, where
Claudio is resident, and where there is a bust of the murderCil
at sigh; of which tile Colonel is paralysed with astonishment and fear.
Chc murderer imine.liatulv uola loannig t:tat Claudio, who
could identify his face, is under the roof, and calling at a cottage fur
a guidc over the mountains, meets Estevan. the servant, who has es-
caped from slavery. lle treacherously sends him with a letter to the
family of his friend, repeating the charge of murder against him, but
the orphan, by sign, declares he is not the man. The Colonel wan-
dering near a torrent. is encountered by the Oryhan, and his friends,
who leave their home with a view to affhrd relief in the cam ; and
licm in the dark he atrnnps first to stab the orphan, in which he
breaks his sword, and afterwards precipitates him into the torrent.
front which, however, tie boy is saved. The fragment of the sword
i; thund—the orphan tells his tale--suspicions thicken upon the Co-
lonel, and at length, upon his drawing his sword on the servant who
charged him with the minder, he is convictial, and consigned to the
officer, of justice. The orphan regales his speech by the sudden re-
vulsion occasioned by the sight of the assassin
The acting and some of the scenery is very good, but
we have not room to say ftwther than that the piece
was received with great applause.
_ .

The Opera of Love irs a Village was acted on Fri-
day, f'r the purpose of bringing out a new candidate
fir public favour in Rosetta. We uolerstand this young
Lady, whose 'tante is Mori, is Mr. Lanza's pupil ; anti
we congratulate that g,entleman and the public, on the
success of his eftbrts to add to the vocal excellence now
on the stage. Miss %A is below the ruitldle size, but

SS

passeYses a pleasing intelligent countenance, and, what
is of much more importance, a clear and powerful voice.
Her pmfieiency in mxsicis great ; and she executed the
most difficult airs in the Opera with a felicity and an •
apparent case that would have dout. horteur to the

tijost'experienced warblers of the day. The flexibility
of her organ is great ; it occasionally wants sweetness,
but it is rich in variety. Many of her airs were de-
servedly encored. The Traveller Benighted, and Toge-
ther let US range the Fields (which she sung with Sin-
clair), were among the number ; and their repetition
called forth the most rapturmis applause. Justice iVood-
cock, Young Meadows, and Hodge, were admirably sus-
tained by Fawcett, Sinclair, and Emery ; and aunt De..
horah and Madge were most suceesfully personated by
Mrs. Davenport-and Mrs. Liston.—'llc new Afterpicee
of The Broken Sword was repeated with, if possible,
increased effect.

PROGRESS OF CIIRIS'TIANITY IV TILE.
SOUTH SEAS.

Extract of a Letter from the Mi6Aonariea in Eitoco,• to the .lontion
Smietr.

" From January to the end of June, the mission appeared
to prosper greatly : our congregations were large, nod the
attendance on the mesu3 of instruction constant and encon-
raging. The school increased rapidly, and prospered ; and
those who reminisced heathenism, and became the professed
worshippers of the true Gnu, were increasing daily in dif-
ferent parts oh' this island, unit also at 'Falieite. The priest of
Papetoni (the district where we reside) renounced heathen-
ism; joined us, and publicly committed his g •d to the fl.
Others follow ed his example, both here and at 'fattens.. ;
morais were destroyed, and the altars overthrown, and the -
wood of them used to dress c 'lion food, of which different •
classes and sexes partook at one common meal, in direct
violation of ancient prohibitions and customs.
" In the month of May, the Queen and her sister, called
Poniare whine, went over to Talieite. The latter, having
lately come up from the Leeward Islands. hid never seen
Toilette, but intended now, in company with a number of sir
people, to make the tour of the island. In the meats time the
King, who load resided for some time in our neighbour hood;•
thought, while this party was absent, (doping a slow journey
around Ernie°, stopping awhile at different place., to see it'
he could persuade the chiefs and principal people to cast
away their idols, Re. IVhen lie had proceeded ln this man-
ner as far as a small district called Maatca, he vent us the in-
closed letter, to lamas its of the state of religious affairs in
that part of the island. During the month of Jane, we re
ceived also letters from the party at Talieite, giving% as au •
encouraging account of the state of things there. Thistierty
had not proceded on their jonrney as they intended, huVwere
still in the district of Pare, where they had landed, and *here;
the King's daughter, Allmon, resided whit her nurse.. Ne
were intorined that eonsiderahle parts of the district of earn,.
and of the neighlyouring one, Matavai tour old residence) had
cast away their gods, and embraced the true religion.. '
the Queen went over, the King lied sent a book. far his
tau;titer. This was looked upon as a public testimony that
she was to he *rough! up in the new religion. This, together
with the rapid increase of the " Bore Atom," or " Praying
people," for so are our people caVest, escited in the idola-
trous chiefs a violent spirit of persteution; they thought these
things ought not to be endured any longer, but crashed alto-
gether in time. The idolatrous chiefs of Pare, and the chief'
of Hapaiano, got some of the chiefs of -Matai ai to join them
in a conspiracy against the Mire Atna," and it was pro-
posed to cut them off entirely, root and branch. But thinking
themselves unequal to the task, those of the new religion
being already formidable, both in number and respec
they acquainted the chiefs of Atahura and Paper.. with their
views and intentions, and invited them to join uncut. 'These,
though their ancient rivals and enemies, Caine most readily
into the measure, and prepared to unite with them without
delay; and ou the night of July the 7th, these combined '
forces were to fall, without mercy, on those w Ito had re-
nuilneed heathenism, and exterminate them; but some of this
I parties being rather dilatory, and secret intelligence having
boot conveyed to the party *hose ruin wasileter ' 11 mono,
and they happening to he that evening, most of them, toge-
ther by the sea Aide, they quickly got on board their canoes,
and set sari lift EiMeo, when e they arrived, and were safely
landed the following morning. The disappointed chiefs their
quarrelled 4111011 g themselves; and the Atahoirniall•, &I'. fell
upon tile Porioun party, that is, upon the ;laity who began
the affair. They fought; the Porionti were defeated, and a
number of men killed, among whom was one of their prin-
cipal chiefs, and a promoter of the war. 'Flue Allthlli.UMS,
end those of Papara, being joined by Tiarahu, hisent, plan-
detest, and clearest away before them the whole of the N. E.
part of Taheite, from the borders of AIgIUKA to the !canons.
The question about religion seems now quite forgotten and
She different parties fought to revenge Uhl quarrels that hap-,
penes' many years ago. Some time after, the Faiarabit people
yigr.tiletl with those of Papara and AtallUtil ; (might with
them, bat were defeated and triton to the nenuatains.

" When or how these things may end illn LORD Duly
knows; but we cease nut to pray, and do hope) that these
comanotions will, iii the end, be the means of furthering, the
good of the mission. A great number of refugees are come
over from Tatteite, and still continue to a•rise. The Kiog.
has repeatedly seat messages of peace to the chief. of the
conquering party, and they have repe.cedly ;titswered, that
there is peace between them and him ; though they have not .
yet settled old tiffairs anion; thentselve•. Hut though the
King and our people have no desire to meddle with. the emu.
motions oh except to promote peace, and do nut
tend to act but as ntAittals, or in self defence should it prose
necessary ; yet the adatrs of Toilette have thrown things in
this island into great contusion fur some weeks past, and we
have lint been without our fears and alarms.. The Lotto,
however, bath been pleased hitherto to <Android and over.
role these affaits in a wonderful 111/11111VI. They have taken
tutua entirely undesigiterl and unexpected hy the lit st projce.
;ors of the war ; and utii people, whose dist cortioll was 111111 Pd
at, have hitherto escaped; this is a mallow for praise and
for thankfulness."

New lti.4Aioouries for the purpose of swotting the Gospel
Dispemutioo, are, we understand, about to be appointed fur
the Islands of Ceylou and

vonT-FOLIO.
-40-

Johnn!as Relb Summa, guar Catholicon, ftl. by

, .
_ .
Gutientherst. 1459
The Com plotensian Polyglott, 6 vols. fol. without
. -

the Lexicon
I:itltuu'4 Mlyglutt end Ca‘tell's LeN iron -
fol. Alownit,lls,J, printed on
velkim
--

N!.V,llll4%•stainent, Latin, fol. 11nu.not. I 1;2 13
Matandi Rationale Div inornin Othcoirimi,
t nu, printed on selMot • -- 13
I,trlar.lii Adversus autites de Ira Dei, &c. fol.
111144
• This. Agnina‘ Sectintla Seconday, fol. 11t',1 I I
IttiVe, Moth illuminated wood cots, fol. I Iti7
Pctrarna-Sonettle Canzoin, itTrionfi, fol. I I;ft 1,
Shakespeare, Ist edition, with a re •ptitited title,
1623
lloreacin, fd. Ulmre. I litt --
Meanest, Vv,liiti ill Roma, '2 loin. fol.
Andrew's Health., 2 vols. lid.
J. Trionti l'etrarea, oct. NIS. on vellum
11iblia Sacra, lot MS. on vellum, of the earls Part
of the Fourteenth Century, illnatiuntcd. 'rids
beaurifid manuscript of the Holy sleriptures
• • knocked down at one linnilreit and seventy
aii!rteas, and was resold by the purchaser, the
following day, for 2401.
Of the two block books, the" Historia S. Johan-
ins," sold for
And the Itiblla Pauperum for

11
29
2';
9

- 3?
- 32

10
11
1.,

In the days of King Edward VI. in the chapel ad-
joining to Guildhall, then called " My Lord Mayor's
Chapel," was a Library very well furnished, being all
manuscripts. Stow says, the Duke of Somerset s•ar-
rowed them with a design never to return them, but
fiarnished his own study in his pompous house in the
Strand ; they consisted of' five cart-loads. In addition
to this Library there was another at the Grey Friars in
Netrgate-street, to which the celebrated Whittington
was a benefiwtor. The Dooms-day Book is preserved
in the Exchetpaer at Westminster, the Parliament Balls
arc kept in a stone Tower in old Palace-yard, and the
papers of State in the Office for that purpose, built by
Hans Nolbein, over the gate leading to the Cockpit ;
these readied as high us Henry VIII. Those in the
TOwer of London have been newly modellised, and
have new raiser, in the Wakefield Tower. Those in the
White Tower relate to records of Monasteries, State
Letters, &e. which will show an arrangement very ser-
viceable fin- the curious, and for the researches of legal
enquiry. •
At the last I.epzig nil., there were offered fiir sale
upwards of '23-2:1 new works, published by :13.2 houses!
—Also :170 new pieces of music, exclusive of' those in-
serted in the Musikalische Zeitung. Eighty-eight new
novels ; and fifty-seven dramatic pieces.
Among the manuscripts preserved in the public
library at Lyon, in France, occurs a medical treatise in
Swedish of the year 1-1.1'.?, in which the author,
Johannes Arden's, of Siewark, has specifically 11,2 scri-
bed the venereal disease, which was once supposed to be
of American origin.
There are said to be at this time, •ipwards of 2.100
Book Societies, and Circulating Libraries in Gennany.
Among the best musical productions, that have re-
cently been published, are " Beauty smiling through
her Tears :"—" Sweet Lady !—leak not thus again :"
—anal " Must I bid my love fiareavoll."—The Anthem
" I will arise and go unto my Father" is
.worthy the
talents of the young Mozart.
Among the most interesting works, soon to he pub-
lished, are Dr. Badham'r Itinerary from Rome to
Athens, by the rout of Brundusium, Allxmia, and the
lonian Islands. Mr. D'lsraeli's now volume of Curi-
osities of literature; and Mr. Fellowes's History of
Ceylon, from the earliest period of their known history,
to the year 181.5. This History will embrace charac-
teristic details of the Religion, Laws, anti Manners of
the People ; and a collection of their moral maxims
anal ancient proverbs.
Junins.—The Mondeur contains a letter from a Mons.
Bonne Carrere, who states, that in the year 1785 he
was at Calcutta; when the celebrated Hugh Boyd (then
on u visit to Sir .John Macpherson, in whose house M.
Bonne Carrere lived ) confessed to M. Bonne Carrere in
confidence, that he (Boyd) was the author of the Letters
A new work, entitled Satan's Bastard, eanses• con-
siderable sensation at Berlin, it is by M. Schink, and
consists of several dramatized scenes of the years 1812,
1813, and 1814. The tyrant of Europe is attacked in
an ingenious and pleasant manner.
M. De Kotzebue, who may be styled the indefatigable,
has just produced another play at Berlin, called The
Coitage qf the Alp. The French and German papers
speak favourably of it. If M. Kotzebue does not equal
the Greek dramatists in the excellence of his writings,
he, is not much behind in the number. Ile must begin
t,i make the admirers of' the " multitudinous," I dape de
Vega look about them a little. To be sure, his work
is somewhat easier than that of the Spanish poet, fin he
does not always write in verse.
The sale of Mr. Roscoe's valuable and splendid li-
brary, occupied the auctioneer fifteen days. The books
in general fetched high prices. The following was the
produce of the underneath scarce and curious volumes:

I. el.

Mr. Coke, of llolkhatn, was the purchaser, nt Mr.
11,,,5,0e's sale, of the fine portrait of Leo the Xth. for
