He looked round upon the crowd, and bowed twice.
His demeanour was serious 3htl becoming his situation.
There was the usual expression of dejection on his coon-
tenancy. While the final arrangements were making
by the executioner, Mr. Cotton stood beside the
wretched 111311, and continued exhorting him to pray,
and also pot some questions which could not be dis-
tinctly heard; but were understood to he, if he repented
of his crino s t he exclaimed several times, "No ; not
at all !" lle was also heard to say, " 1 shall soon know
the last grand secret."
Tidd was the next brought out. lie ran swiftly up
the steps, and bowed around, with a hardened smile
There w.s a partial cheering when he made his appear-
ance.
logs then came out. The conduct of this man was
truly horrible. The moment he had taken his station,
he moved his head to and fro, and cried " hum" seve-
ral times He then commenced singing, "0, give lute
death or liberty'!"—liere there was a partial cheerio!:
from a few ragamuffins on the roof of an opposite house.
He continued now and then exclaiming—'• Here we
go, my lads—you see the last remains of James logs—
remember I the the enemy of tyranny, and would sooner
die in chains than live in slavery." ‘Vhen Mr. Cotton
addressed lion, lie said lanahingly, " I am not atraul to
go before God or man ;" then addressing himself to itte
executioner, he exclaimed, " Now,Ohl Maio,
1111151) wd
tidy !—Put the halter a little tighter, it may slip!" lie
then, as well as he could, waved a hankerchiel, and sari
he hoped Mr. Cotton would give him a good caaramer.
Just belire the rope was adjusted, he said to an officer,
" Give lily respects to George, and tell him I go out of
the world wiltiont any animosity towards him. I never
intended him aitv harm." He asked if this was the gal-
lows on which people were visually hanged, and observ-
ing the (Mims, said—" I suppose there are for us."—He
requested that an officer would desire Mr. Harmer to
publish his defence.
Davidson, tie Mall of colour, and Brunt, came out
last. The betias our of the former presented a gratoy-
ing contrast with that of his companions. His deport-
ment was mild, yet fine, and he prayed with great fer-
vency. When he stepped on the scaffold, he said to
those widths, " God bless you all! good bye." lie
joined in the Lord's ['raver, and said, " God bless the
King!" He repeatedly expressed great penitence for his
crimes
Brunt said very little, but was as hardened as any of
the rest. He said just before he Cattle out, that he had
mu staid:box, but he had some snuff in nis waistcoat
pocket, and requested some sunnier by to get some out
for him, as his hands were tied. 'This was done with
great coolness. He said he wondered where they would
put him, that he supposed it would be somewhere that
he would sleep well He added, that lie would ainake
a present of his body to King George the Fotlftil.
Thistlewood, just before he was turned off, said, in a
low tone to a person under the scaffold—" I have now
but a few moments more to live, and I hope the world
will think that 1 have at least been sincere in my en-
deavours "
'raid said to Ings, about the same moment—" How
are ye My ilearty r
About six minutes after eight the signal was given by
Mr. Comm, and the unhappy men were launched into
eternity. Thistlewood died almost without a struggle.
!nos struggled extremely, and appeared to suffer much.
It is a remarkable tact that just as the fatal signal was
about to be given, logs was observed to join Davidson
in prayer.
When the bodies had been suspended exactly half an
hour, the executioner and an assistant appeared on the
scaffold to prepare for the revolting ceremony of decapi-
tation. Thistlewood was the first cut down, and being
placed with his head on the block, all eminent medical
professor, it ttaS supposed, disguised in a rough jacket
and trowsers, and a mask on his face, appeared with an
amputating knife, and in a few moments die head was
severed front the body, and given to the exectaitnieCs
assistant, who held it up by the hair, and turning north
and south, aml t hen to the front of the scaffold, exclaimed
three times. "This is the head of Arthur Thistlewood,
traitor." The body with the head was then placed on
a coffin. 'lite sauce ecremoity was perlormed with Tidd,
Ings, Davidson, dud Brunt, in succession. 'lire opera
lion was perform d won ,teat skill, and it; as slim'. a time
as possible. The operator was loudly hissed glad groanea
at by the mob, and stone atrocious expressions vs eri
applied to hits. The I.lllllCrsai ace past
by some fcuwle shrieks, Ilell he first coinmenced upon
Thistlewood, Lad at. .rntul cilver. Tue bodies were
5000 altta r. nun , • room iu tut, prison.
When in ins firs. appea. C4l upuu tin scan":
there *t n, Ulatie whitai the troopsstatioliili
in the a ,xis drew as close as possible 10 Ha
pla• e i Tne Lord Mayor was at the Lon-
don eio reaniness to go e his assistance in
case of . placards were prepared, on which was
prints, , if oilier, the Riot Act has ()CCU read ,
disperse i,. .. rely." These were to have been exlii-
bited to t, amwd it there had been any necessity ha
reading the Riot Act, but we are happy to state Ilist titL
was not the slialvest 'rube:intro of disorder amoopt
ii
people, and tom they rlisaersed quietly when the dre,ol
ful scene had finally closed.
We regret to odd, however, that a serious aceitle.
occurred by the falling of it part of the railing of St
Sepulchre's clout:la i u which a great nuntherof people
both sexes had daubed. Several were so erely halt,
and It was reported that two woolen were killed, but we
could not ascertain he mall of to is. It was a matter ot
much surprise that Jig cat taorthu.,iv number or women,
some well drt4sed, were present si tots most awitt

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

sap for the laws of tyrants have parted us for ever. My dear,
this is the last time you will ever hear from me. I hope you will
perform your duty without delay, which is for the benefit of
yourself and children, which I have explained to you before.—
My dear, of the anxiety and regard which I have for you and
the children, I know not how to explain myself; but I must die
according to law, and leave you in a land full of corruption, where
justice and liberty have taken their Right from. to other distant
shores. My dear, I have heard men remark that they would not
marry a widow, not without her husband was hanged. Now my
dear. I hope you will bear in mind that the cause of my being
consigned to the scaffold was a pure motive.
" I thought I should have rendered my starving fellow-men
women and children, a service ; and my wish is, when you make
another choice, that this question you will put before you tie the
knot. My dear, it is of no use tbr me to make remarks respect-
ing my children. lam convinced you will do your duty as tar as
lies in your power. My dear, your leaving me but a few hours
before 1 wrote these few lines, I have nothing more to say.—
Farewell, farewell, my dear wife and children, for ever. Give
my love to your mother and Elizabeth. I conclude a constant
lover to you and your children, and all friends. I die the saute,
but an enemy to all tyrants.
" JAMES INGS."
" P. S. My dear wife, give my love to my father and mother,
brother and sisters, and aunt Mary, and beg of them to think
nothing about my unfortunate flue, for 1 am gone out of a very
troublesome world, and Mope you will let it pass like a auminer
cloud over the earth.
" Newgate, four o'clock, Sunday afternoon, April 30, 1820.
TO HIS DAWIITEIIS.
" To my dear llaughters,—MY dear little girls, receive my
kind love and atilt:don. once more, for ever, and adhere to these
my sincere wishes, and recollect, though in a short time, you will
have nothing more of your tither. Let me entreat you to be
loving, kind, and obedient to your poor mother, and strive all in
your powers to comfort her, and assist her whilst you exist in
this transitory world, and let your conduct througnout life be
that of virtue, honesty, and industry ; and endeavour to avoid all
temptation, and at the same tint.: put your trust in God. 1 hope
unity peace, and concord will remain amongst you all. Fare.
well, farewell, my dear children, your untbrtunate tither.
"To Wm. Stone hags and his tasters. " JAMES I NGS."

- TO HIS SON.
" My little dear boy, Win. Stone Ings, I hope you will live to
read these few lines when the remains of yr. poor father is
mouldered to dust. My dr. boy, I hope you will bear in mind
the unforte. end of your father, and not place confidence in any
person or persons whatever ; fur the deception, the corruption,
and the ingenuity in man lamat a loss to comprehend—it is
beyond all calculation. My dear boy, I hope you will make a
bright man in society ; and it appears to me the road you ought
to pursue is, to be holiest, sober, industrious, and upright in all
your dealings : and to'ilu unto all men as you would wish they
should do unto you. My dear boy, put your trust in one God ;
and be cautious of every shrewd, designing, flattering tongue.—
My dear boy, be a good, kind, and obedient child to your poor
mother, and comfort her, and be a loving brother to your sisters.
My dear boy, I sincerely hope and trust you will regard these,
my last instmetions.--1 r. loving and unforte. father.
•' JAMES INGS."
" Newgate, Sunday night, eight o'clock, April 30, lb.X."

FROM TUESDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.

C. Kennard, Pett, Sussex, tailor.
BAN K ItUPTS.
W. G. Cook,. High Street, Shadwell, optician. Solicitor, Mr.
Partington, Dyer's Buildings, Holborn.
T. Lynn, Jerusalem CAW House, Coenhill, merchant. Sol.
Mr. Wilde, College Hill.
T. J. Guuston, Liverpool, merchant. Sol. Mr. Brooke, Li-
verpool.
D. Wilson and A. Gresdale. Manchester. linen drapers. Sols.
Messrs. Willis and Co., Warntind Court, Throgmortun Street.
S. Perry, Liverpool, merchant. Sole. Messrs. Lowe and
Bower, Southampton Buildings.
J. Hardman, Spotland. Lancashire, cotton spinner. Seas.
Messrs. Milne and Parry, Temple.
J. 1,. Gandcrton, Pershore, Worcestershire, plumber. Sols.
Messrs. 'turd and Johnson, Temple.
W. Clark, South Shields, linen draper. Sols. Messrs. Bell
and Brudrick, Bow Church Yard.
J. Bourke, Albemarle Street, Piccadilly, wine merchant. Sols.
Messrs. Reardon and Davies, Corbel Court, Gracechurch Street.
R. Mathewman, Leeds, merchant. Sols. Messrs. ltobinson
and Burrows, Austinftiars.
DIVIDENDS.
May 47, N. Evans, Cheapside, silk manufacturer-9, S. Hue.
Tell, Minories, corn dealer-6, 11. Hodgson, Fleet Street, oilman
—47, C. Pruitt, Birmingham, glover-50, J. Suywell, 'Maccles-
field, and It. Kirkman, Wood Street, Cheapside, silk manutac •
turers-45, T. Fisher. Batty Mills, Yorkshire, oil crusher—al,
G. Bayley, J. James, and 3. Scholes, :Manchester, fustian
manutacturers-25, M., J., and IL Griffith;, Bristol, masons-
-96. P. Bass. Ashborne, Derby, dealer-47, J. Pitcher, Back
Hoed. St. George's, bricklayer-30,1. Kohler, St. Swithitt's
Lane, Lombard Street,inerchant-50, W. 'rez well, Drury Lane,
elteesemonger-27, .1. Cowan, Union Street, Somers Town,
cabinet maker-27, T. I'. o,:kley, Ealing, br:wer-27, T. Stan
ton, Drury Lam', cheescitionger-47, It. H. :41rrell. Kirby
Street, Hatton Cz:den, prince:-43. T. and W. Jackson.
Liverpool, merchants-44, .1. Iluddon, North Shields, ship
owner-23, C. Chink, Portsea, ironmonger—lune 3, T. H.
liaise and 'l'. D. Meriton, Maiden Lime, Wood Street, Cheap
bide, button manufacturers.

cll.:tau:lc:1/41.Es to he graned May '25.
T. ;Mellish, New Kent Road, ship owner—W. 11. and C. Bar-
nanl, Liverpool, merchants—J. Littltwood, Manchester, dealer
—.I. Gaunt, Arniley, Yorkshire, woollen manufacturer—J. Par•
mer, Skinner Street, victualler—J. Goldin , Colchester, tanner
—G. Woodhead, North Anston, Yorkshire. starch manufacturer
—T. Booker, Emsworth, Southampton, Harrison,
Yeldersley, Derbyshire. dealer—J. Makeeti, Liverpool, livery
gable keeper—W. Turner and J. North, Moil Green, York,
fancy clothiers.

Saturday cve►:ing live fellows were surprised who
got into an empty house near the Five Fields, Chel-
sea, who had stripped the roof of a quantity of
lead. Two of them escaped, but by the activity of
the neighbours the remaining three were taken into
custody. It was evidently the determination com-
pletely to gut the house, as the window sashes of
the shop were taken down for the purpose of re-
moval.

A curious discovery has been made since it u;:s
determined to remodel the Crown. Several of the
large gems, we have not heard how many, turn out
to he paste. It is supposed thut this fra,' was coal-
• the

OLD BAILEY, Friday, May 5.

151

DARING AND EXTENSIVE ROBBERY.—FraIICIS Fee.
derick Pitt, William Prussia, Thomas Dodd, James
Simpson, awl John Hewitt were indicted for stealing
130 yards of woollen cloth, the property of John Thome*
Dolin and his Copartners, and nine yards of cloth, the
property of John Arlington and Janie. Smith.
Al tchael Franklin was indicted for receiving the same,
knowing it to have beets sullen.
Mr. Andrews appeared for the prosecution„ and
Messrs. Alley, Adolphus, and Arabia for the prisoners.
1 t appeared in evidence, that the prosecutors, Messrs.
Dolan, are cloth dealers, in Gate Street, Lincoln's Inn-
fields. About three o'clock on the mottling of Feb. 2.9,
a watchman near the warehouse saw two or three men
lurking near the place, and also saw a coach with yel-
low 'moods standing in Whetstone Park close by. He
suspected and watched the motions of these men, who
moved towards the prosecutor's warehouses, but hobo:
he could reach them, they returned, and ran into Whet-
stone Park, and the coach drove off. He examined the
outer warehouse, and fouod the dour had been forced
open and several rolls of cloth lying in the passage as if
dropped in consequence of some alarm. lie sprung his
rattle, and the coach was pursued, but without success.
About aquarter past six o clock the same morning the
hackney coach, drivel, by the prisoner Hewitt, was seen
by a boy going through Dorset Street, Spitallields. 'Cite
coach stopped at the entrance of Little Paternoster-row,
where the prisoner Franklin resided as a broker. Hewitt
jumped down and held the coach door open while the
iOur passengers alighted, and taking three tolls of cloth
from the coach, conveyed them into Franklin's house.
The boy told what he had seen to Nit.. Gregory, a
neighbour, who sent a inesseuger for some police
officers, and went himself to Franklin's where he
saw Put, Prussia, Dodd, Simpson, and Franklin, sit-
' ting together, and the cloth lying on the floor.—
The moment they saw him, the four first prisoners
ran into a hack yard. lii a short time the officers
arrived, and Put, Simpson, and Prussia were secured,
after some resistance, anti Dodd escaped over the wail,
but was subsequently apprehended, alter knockinK
down two persons who attempted to stop num. They
were conveyed to the watch-house;. and on searching
them, a tinder-box, some pick-lock keys, and center-
bits were found. On Simpson also was Mond a piece
of list, which had evidently been cut from the cloth in
question. On enquiry by the officers,. the robbery at
Messrs. Dolan's was ascertained, and Mr. John Dotati,
on seeing the cloth, immediately identified it as that
whicit had been stolen front the warehouse. Franklin
was not taken into custody at the time, but was ordered
to NV ori.hip•street Office to give evidence, when the
Nlagistrates thought proper to-commit hint as the re-
ceiver. lie said when Mr. Gregory went into his house
first, that he had been knocked up by Put, who was
the son of a former toaster of Isis, and that lit had no
knowledge that the goods were commg there, or front
' whence they were lnouglit.
Nine witoessses of the most respectable description
gave Franklin a good character. Persons were also
called for the other prisoners.
The Jury found all the proners—Gasilty.
The Common Serjeant, in pastimg sentence observed,
that this was on: of the worst cases that had.coine. un-
der his cognizance for a great many years, and it was
much to be lamented, for the sake 01 the public, that
the indictment was not laid as it certainly ought to
have been, fur the capital offence of burglary. His
Lordship then sentenced Pitt, Prussia, Dodd, Hewitt,
and Simpson, to seven years, and Franklin to fourteen
years' transportation.
Thomas New was convicted of stealing a large quan-
tity of liquorice root from the grounds or Mr. Moore,
of Mitcham, Surrey.
The particulars of this case have been reported from
the Police Ojice. The prisoner was sentenced to Seven
years transportation.
Thomas Matthews was convicted of stealing sonic
articles of plate, from tlie house of a gentleman la Wo-
burn Place, Russel: Square, and sentenced to the like
punishment.

Coltorerso's INQUEST.—On Tuesday night an Inquest
was held at the workhouse of St. Giles's in the Fields,
on the body of Edward Groom, who put a period to
his existence by coning Ins throat. It appeared by the
evidence of John King, who is I;milnan to a gentleman,
residing, at No. 95, Great Russel Street, Bloomsbury,
that the deceased cattle-about six o'clock on Sunday
motility. to his master's house and rung we bell; he
oiteoed me dour, and, found the deceased there. He
(the deceased) asked him to let I a letter, and he took
min into Use kitchen. The deceased wrote his letter,
and carne into the pantry, and asked him for a scaler
and sonic beer, as he was in a great bony. He took a
non; for the purpose of. getting the deceased the beer,
and went out of the pantry. The dece.ised shot the
door anti lucked it. He reitirned to the dour and en-
deavoured to force it open, but could he then
opened ttcu dours which led to the back area, and saw
the uereti.aed througn the w:111:0w, with his coat and
waistcoat oil and his shirt coiiar munitioned, with a car-
ving knife in his baud, cutting his throat. He wps very
[notch disarmed, and eau Up st ors and informed his master.
They then went to the wmtlow, aunt deceased appeared
staggering and almost exhatisicd. His master then sent
for an officer, who directly broke a pane of glass anti
unfasteueil the window, got into the room and un-
locked the dour; he there found the deceased had made
use of ',hive knives, (a 510411 table knife, and two carving
knives,) and Ile also Mond a lever written by the de-
'eased. -",tied with blood. Ile tit( -in for a surgeon,

11, M.: /,, ,-. aw a.. o tart .. ...t• 6gsas. . .
The following- are copies of three letters sent by . 'ted as tar back as the time of Ch .tries 11. ceased, coveted with blood. Ile then sent fora surgeon,
drags. They will, we have no doubt, be hiA milted
ue- who came WIOIIII three minutes, but 5341 he was too
e? MR. Counm.—Mr. Cobbett was surrendered in far gone for him to do any good. The Jury returned a
ceptable to our readers:— execution to the King's Bench on Saturday last, in verdict—" that the deceased cut his own throat in a state
TO WS WIFE.
" My dear Celia..l hardly know how to begin, or 'what to discharge of his bail in an action 14 debt. of temporary derangement."
—._:
