CORUNNA MAIL.

ennuNN A, OCT. 12.—After the arrest of Genera) Porlier.
at Santi.t.zo, where he wa: thrown into the prison of the in-
quisition, i.e was bron,4lll here on the 26th of Sept-ember,
with seini officers of his party, and hanged in the Campo
de la llnrca, on the .3d instant.
The following is the proclamation addressed by I i n to the
Junta of Seville:
hose ir.r.uvrotors SyNons—The deplorable and-ditversol
iitwitio.i iu whi,•l3 the nation liac !wen for this yei.ii-,patt, Rail (Ile
conviction I t. ci that the people. at the sinit time that they valor
their own felicity, desire, if pot,sible, W tuOibtain the- oast eoostaut

••

T IstAtifi
HE N'A

fidelity to our beloved King an.' Master Dou Ferdinand VII., and
desiring on my part to contribute to the one and to the other., Pince,
I CAIIII4II but be extremely sensible to the evils which. this people
'tittles, I haye evolved, the request of the troops which compose
the army of.this kingdom, to execute ale cliarge *Writ OicctunsiancTs
point out kis necessary and conformable to. the genera', will. • In
consequence I have assumed the chief' command, ad itiferOti, •!Iris
army nod kincdom, miller the threw piescrthed by the colistitntl;,a
of the, Sp:oils/I Monarchy sanctioned at rildii.,.lll,l“ Alai! empigy
Myself 11/ rtstitriug,ai atithb as' possible the rational and tesiiperate
liberty which the saute Conititistion bestows em the:people, to the
basis and ((Imitation of the genhral iitoverity. ~That these mem-
inay take tired, the Junta; will proceed immediately io direct
the public Appiniop according to.,the.tenotir
.of the annexed prPcia-
El,:tu.:4 and inanifevto, eatablishing as far as possible the usages and
regulstionsmiarked out by ilii;.Coustitutioit. ;till tile meeting of Abe,
provincial deputation, which will henceforward take upon ii4elf,all,
these ease& 711e.pruyle depentliug on this Allttxtrisam Junta mipti,e:
iiiftith)pd :of itiejustice And Moderation of my operations, the
,ulb
objei.- of which is to dcliief f)tein from the. Leavy yoke of slavery
which they themselves have sliewn such an eager desiie to throw off.
Of the receipt Or this rot. its punctual and exact execution you.will,
give the Oentlesiocu. the tine. advice, causing it to- be circulated;
and posted tni in all pidxlic places of the district.—God preserve
jati, Gt nil, men, many years.
" Cofollllll. Sept. 19, 113i1.
, (Signed) , , • • " Ji..7A14 P:Z panuEit.
"'to the Dletritieis of the Junta of the City of Sevillc6"

•
(EXTRACT OF A LETTER.]
You are already, doubtless, too well acquainted with the
unfortunate failure of Pother, whose life terminated on the.
Sd instant. His death was caused by itifattibus treacheryi
Some serjeants of the troops that accompanied him to St.
Jaw,' 'educed and paid by his enemies and the ministers of
our formed the project of surprising him and hia,
°dicer, at the distatfee cif' seventy-three leagues from that
ciiv, on the,ted September, at ten o'clock at night. They.
accompliated. their perpose by throwing into confusion. tbe
troops rjrat *ere faithful, and disheartening the rest. The
tops that were in st. Jttgo ready to receive Pottier as theft
chief, suspended theiryui pore upon hearing what had hap-
pened. The soldiers who had remained here, fearing a po-
pular movemeat, eicited by the same perverse characters,
sallied forth in baste, with their Chiefs and Officers, but both

aeon returned, except about. twenty or thirty Officers, a Bri-
gadier, a Colonel, two Lieutenant-Colonels; and some ethers,.
whose place of retreat is unknown. There are 150 officers
arrested here and in i'bri-tA; and tri4lay or to-morrow their
tr:at 'cotnniences.
The unfortunate Porlier died like a hero. Ilis fortitude
ltnd seienity excited admiration and
.astriniF;hruent in his
enemies; but his last arrangements confounded them still
more. I send you a copy of his last will, and of his letter to

unhippy wife, who is still Confined at Beta-n:o.7_ The pro-
ject of t he vailantPorlier would have had a'foretiiite issue, had
it not been,arrested by the treachery Of a few wretches, led on
• and seduced by certain fanatical and ambitious prielits ; but
*that adds to the poignancy and disappointment in the breast
every true Spaniard is, that two stratigers, St. Nlarcq,'
Leming, and Pesci, an Italian, have been the persons
have authorised the imposition of additiohal chains upon a
nation, having received them into its bosom, sup 7
ported and distinguished them' in as'nitihfier they are far hum
doei ving-
ITSTAMENT. •
la the flame of God Althighty, Amen.—fie it declared
aril known to all those to whom the present.deed, order, tes-
r%ir.ent, and last will shall come, that I, Doh Jban Dtaz
)'oilier. Genii-a/elf the Spanish armies, transrliii sitiatever
Lc:longs to me, By 3./tustevti...ool, without ahy eiception, to
y ,wife Doting% .Nih: g Cteiicpei de UM°. dito gtriset of Cod n t
vb be enjayed by 1j In fun tiiihtnet

OC ♦ M.

any restriction, anti to descend•in the order of su..ression.
and in default of which, according to the instructions which
shall be contained in a sealed letter d. livered to h^r by my
Confessor after my death; leaving likewise c.l her pleasure;
and theitsbrance of that faithful kite, which she haralwars
_testified towards the, the offering of such masses and prayers•
for my soul as slie ma:t, think fit : as likewise I charge lief;
when circumstances will permit, to carry my remains from
the place where they may be found to that which may be
most agreeable to her; and that having deposited them in a
simple tomb, she may cause to be engiaved upon it the fol-
lowing inscription
Here repose ti.e ashes of Don Juan Met aeueral of
the Spanish armies, **ha Was forinnate in watt he undertook against
the enemies of his country, and died a violin or civil dksentinii+.
'4 Feeling souls! respur' the a-lie 4 of an turfur tirr,4l!"
That this'my last and only disposition may take effect, t
liaieit.ip charge to' Don JoSeph. Miranda; Lieutenant-Co.
loneland Commandant of the infantry of Navirre, to super-
intend the same, and take measures, when justices executed,
for placing my body in a coffin, lined with black, and sap-
pried key; and after locking it and performing the
funeral rites, that he deliver it, with this my last will, to my
Wife, -Donna .I;iefa Quieno-de -Llano, personally if he can;
but if his military duties prevent him from so doing, he
comtniii thb business to some one in whom he has confidence,
wko may take a receipt for its delivery. With this I con-
cludeny testament. which 1 hive of my own accord dictated,
which' I sign and authorise• liefore 'the NOtary, &c.
follOw the names of the Witnetites..]

LETTEII tO • 1111 WIVE. .
October 3,-1815.
" My lielbved Wife!—The Almighty, who digitises of men accord-
ing; to his will, has deigned to C4ll me to himself, in order to give the
in eternal life that tranquillity and eatie which I brie not cojoyed
in this world.
" We ate all subject to this necessary erinditiOn of nature, and
therefore it is useless to grieve when this hour approaches.
Ou this account, I most tenderly besetell you to receive Has last
blow of t'be ill fate which has persecuted us, with the same trail:
qnillity and security as I retain while wilting this to you. Be not
a:filleted at the kind of death they inflict upon me, sitice it can (liar
honour only the nicked, but covets the good with honour and glory:
" I repeat to you, that if I take with due any consolation to the
world or truth, it is that of bbingliersitaded, that obleying-tha at this
moment,. 'as you have always done hitherto, yon will be consoled
and rtsigned to the will of God, which is the supreme law of all
mortals; in the sequel you will receive my last will. which you will
endeavour to fulfil as tar si Possible. Father Sanchez. who will be the
bearer, a monk of our patron St. Augustine, will deliver you this,
alit( will communicate to you venially other things which I collide to
hint tinder confession. I egain recommend you to conform to what
I de tire, since the contrary, besides being prejinticial to poi safety,
will not tend to the gdod of your soul.—Adieu t Receive the heart of
your Inisband. ".1. O. DE LA C.
" Oct. v, on o'clock at night."
• In consequence of the fate e ierits, numerous proclaMso
tines have been tierb and 'at Satttlago.—Che of the
2.(1 of SepteMber, by Itt. joieph. Pesci, Military Governor
of Santiago, thanking the people and the' soldiers for the
proofs they have given of their loyalty, and promising to
represent it to the King.---A stcond from the same t9-the
bfficers, Etc"i of the territory of taheyros, who were the fist
to hasten to assist the capital of the province. Two pi oela-
mations trom•Nl. Felipe de St. Alarcq ; one thanking the ci-
diens of-Cori:Dna for their exemplary Conduct during-the
imprisonment of the magistrates ; the other addressed to-the
soldiers, praisi!•g therri for having so quickly put an ehd ;to
the career of the rebel, who will soon undergo his merited
pticii.liment. These arc of September 27.
• A Pt °Carnation by the Members Of the...hint* of utorttnra
to (lit iithabitautse thanking theutior their

f. S
