THE NATIONAL REGISTER,.

BY 5PE(.3.11. AV MORI

Under the nugo‘i l'a!ronaue ot their Royal llO,httesses the. Pr.l.-
cE,s of WALE, Mid DV E of SU SSI.X, iti% S rent. Higher, the Dt KIK
u;'l3ne swiss,ll:s Excelletmy the Doti.: iNEANTAnooIie FActit.-
Y, the NAVY *aid Au MY, Ultd most of the Nol:tlit% throughout Etaipe.
ROWLAND'S. MACASSAR OIL.

Composed of Vegetahle Ingredients flout the ',land of Macassar, in
the E tst Indies, and po.,e:.se•s S4'tibriotisand Fragrant Propeitie., and,
is the only Artiik that will crreclu,,lly eradicate All Impurities of the
lll:aunt 11:+i►, and prevent its t tiling oil' or turning Troy to the latest
I►d-riuel of
.life ; strengthens the weakest hair aod ploduces a luxuriant
growth Ott the b 'blest places; also a strong and be.•utituf curl. at►d
permanent, and renders the• 11 air, either Natural or Artificial. Iteaut-
toll'y smooth mid glossy; iu tine, it produces a IlLatta FIJI, TiCAD
II %IR, promotes the growth iit Whiskers, Eyebr4ws, Mustachios, tke.
flu Oil is pettedly int:oxiiots, and may with bidet... be applied to Cot
•youugest infant, to whose Hair it wiil prove highly beneficial, which is
fully explained in Rntt•lantl's Treatise oat the Ilan, cot:hosed whit each
bottle of Oil. As this 11..t0k is pirated, and the 0.1 counterfeited, it is
necessary to ole,erve, that no ;Macassar Oil is Genuine unless signed ost
the outside label in red ink, " A. Rowland and Son," in their ow*
hand writing.

Sidd at 3. 6d., Ins. 6d., a'ld 11 per bottle, by the Su!c Pro-
pri •tors, A. ROWLAND uni SON, corner :4 kirby•strect, Hutton-
garden, and by most respecuble Perfumers Sc. Medie.ne Vender:, in Lun-
Ciim, and fliririglnnn Europe ; 1,,y Mr. I ilradu,prth, kinserdain
ALSO ROW LA N D'i ESSENCE OF TV or. 131:,1 nrAt.

Which will immediately and etYectually change ItEnur C; w Ey 11Ain,
Witt SE VHS, &C. to a Black, Brown, cr Auburn, anti i minutia,
that neither soap ()I -water call remove it, 7s. cd. per bt,ttle.

131" HIS MAJESTY'S ROYAL PATENT.
AN' I-ATTRITIOV.

THE PAIT.INT ANTI-ATI-111 lON COIIMMTION is tl!e cheap.
est and be st thing ever yet disco% u.vd ftn Sitips' Bottoms, instead c.f
Copper ; t•i preserve Cali:es front itlg rut bed in the lytt‘se Itules.
instead of a Plat, Service. or llokniliwg ; the Ragging of Ships hum ibts
‘Veather, and from brine chafed, instead of Tat, •• Parce-iite, and
Sir-
rice;" for the Slides and Car.inges of Guns; to render Lea:lier and
Canvas water-proof ; ar.d to prevent the Effects of Fiction in Steam-
Enines, bliils, Sub ir-111ills, Tlireshing-11i14, (or ol•er hoplenents of
Husbandry g.eneruliy tined by •Farniers), Cart iages, Coaches, IVl:ggon,,
Carts, ivoi I,ll,iellitie;:y of every Descrintion. It is .11-o tie hest thing
to preserve the Blades of Swords, abd rill kinds of Puli.herl Steel Aiti-
cle4, trout Rust. It will likewise preserve Iron llosips, tVater-Butts,
Ctsks, Tutn. Sp ,lids l'i•sts, hails, Gate, Par!, Paling. Barn Floorings,
and every kind of Wood, and Wooden reiti!dno. troat the Wenthei.,
Worm, end Dry-Rot, either in the East West...lnd:vs, or in anv
mate ; and it will nut ooly rims: rte Iron Rail Ways front corrodi.ig
wearing out, but also render the draught so light, that one li;:rse v..!!
do the Work of Two.

One priming of the Composition is, in some eases, equal to One thin-
dred Applications of Oil, Tallow, or any other Kind of Crease, Paint,
or rue, und.the public save by its Use from Three Hundred to I' ur
'lliousvid per cent. exclusive of preventing the Wear and Tear in Ma.
chinerv, NI/heels, &c. &c. which is a saving of expellee more than thilt
of Ili ving Nine Parts nut of Ten, and within can be so clean in its
Working, or give so little trouble.
SOLD FOR. 111 E PATENTEES, AT NA. 40, CHARING-CROSS,
NEAR THE ADMIRALTY, LONDON;
And, by their Appointment, ai must Ship-Chandlers. Printers, Ilook•
Libraries, Statioher", Druggists, Medicine Warehouses, Per•
fitinors, Itontuongers, Cutlers, Gist:breakers, innkeepers, Gulch and
Waggon Offices, Oil and Culinir Situps, Saddler", and Shopkeepers, itt
the United Kingdom, iu Boxes, Price 2s. 6d. ; Ss. 6d.; 10s. 6d.; One
Guinea and 'No Guineas iaclL

The smallest size Box contains a quantity sufficient to Mime a Four-
Wheel Carriage Pour times, with which it will run upwards of Hy
Thousand Miles, without applying any thing else to the Axletrees; and
one Half•Goinee Box contains a sufficient quantity for a Stage Waggon
to travel Thitty-three Thousand Miles; afirl it will work with Wood
Azletrees, or with common Boxes and Axletrees t:f nay kind. The
most satisfactory proofs of the merits of this discovery may be seen
at the Patentees' Office, and also at their Agents: '
***• The Public must be nn their guard against a si uriou' Crunposi-
tion, which is sometirres foi,ded upon them, to prevent the etft cts of
Friction, instead of which it is injurious to Machinery, Sce. tihne js
genuine but Oro ft?! which a Potent has been t!titunied. To prevent
Emposition,.the direetigril giveli aiffi etu:lll3mt are signed " W..U.
8F:1.1.450f," and hate the King's Arins un them—to cvuliterlen which
is forttoy Enid any Person at AXING vss of a Cumpo%ition, by which
the Patentees are defrauded, will be prosecuted, One Hundred Oniueas
&weird heviug treett, offered b. them to detect freed • um the Patent .:gh

Elegant Iloniehold Furniture, Patent Rotary Library Table, rna,sy
Plate, Jew elw, Grand Piano•forte, Taide and lied•liiirn, China.
Cut (ilte,s, &c. the genuine Pr,,perly ora Gtutlenern, going tp
Spain.
11F. SOLI) BY AUCTION IVY Mit. DAVIS.
On the Picini No). t,e, E;ii•ell-street, Illoomsloiry-tvare,
To-Nlorrov, and two tnllowing at Twelve, without
Reserve.
All genuine PROPEItTY; embprisiiitz three lofty mahogany
fnir pwt hpl)teatis ‘oitti made up in the present
s.tyle, three cot tane ditto with excellf !It clean bedding. two complete
drawing room stiit•, in five Fretiel; winclow•curtkim, elixir, three
eo .c1:(.4. two complete pachoir snit*, iu 14. Morocco chairs:, hair
► 1(1.1i di! to, awl elegant petle%tal solclioard with a set of patent
dis!ing seers t.iiri.• and book case, wartl..olw, chest Of diewti,
ste:.(atlt card awl tables, large carpet=, kitchen utensils, &c.
On the first day will be sold the valuable Lease, ‘2.6 3-cars unex-
pired, at a low rent.

Explarntion of the Two CApital Coloured Engravings (size 19 inches
I,y 14) presented ts to every Purchaser of a Ticket or Shares,
FOR"! l'N 4TI:. OFrrer, NO fl, Coy 111Lp.
irate No. 1, called
TILE MODERN PROMETHEUS, OR THE DOWNFALL OF
VNY.
EVON rAnrt, repreacitted as the IkTodern Prometheus. is chai:v.d
to ft iit allusion to the island of Elba. Justice stands over Ilion
with the scales, in which the le.,itianite crown of the 13ourbons prepon-
derates in value over the Fisirmary cap of revolutionary Liberty; in her
112111 baud she points e!ie confederated sword of Europe to the fallen
Usurper, 44 ho his writhing its :pony, with hi.: broken crown at hi 4 feet,
and all the ensigns of hi• former vowel% Ilia countenance is horribly
depietive of cle,pair ; cod a vulture, in tslIll:1011 to his conscience, is de-
V.l uring his heart.

PI tte No. 2, c:illed

i3RIL3NNIA AND THE SEVEN CHANTPION6,OII MODERN

('II R 1.51. EN I)( ) RE'STO KEIL
The result of those even- s which have raccialy revived Europe Gm)
a bleeding state, occupies the pencil of the artist, and by allegory he
codeaeonua to pourtray n !mom state of peace and the Fecitrity acme- I
nrrcial intercourse ; a serene transparent sky pourtrais the harmony
of nature, and a smooth unruffled se ~the freedom of nautical.adven-
ture ; the band of unanimity is beautifully pourtplyed in the unity of
action of all the figures "sketched upon the Plate, they event all to be
Lt-: •iiia their aid to cone admired object, and that is Peace and the re-
vival of Commerce. Britannia is pourtrayed in her grand tiiumplial
csr, drawn by sea-horses, their heads adorned bv stales of
olive ;tit led h) Tritons ; she is resting upon her spear and shield, on
which is btarutifally executed an admirable representation of the Prince
Ilea, iv-. tinier whose mild sway peace has been restored to an af-
tia,i,itt tens{:!, and tylm basset tie example of moderation as a crown of
nad stininhoed the confederated Sovereiensof the Continent to
rn!
rri riae. It was the spirit of freedom that animated the continental
date' to throw 4,14 the yoke of tyranny and slavery ; and It was the
puir',el of the Knglish Constitution. that formed the ground plait of
French freedom when the upstart Usarper was fallen, and a Louis re-
st: red : around hi r car the incubus and sea-nymphs are seen sporting,
alai itt her train sea-elves manning the commercial navy, steering, un•
ailing sails, exc. Over her head, and pouting in a tranquil atmosphere,
are seen faoreitully depicts d, anqls with shields girded upon their left
arms, and spring 4 of olive in their right, each shield repfesents one of •
the Seven Champions rif Modern Christendow, being portraits of the
eminent conterVraied Sovereigns, and that of the Doke of Waliingtoti,
the Champion of Angland, two angels suspending his portrait over the
head of Britannia, white with the other band they crown her with
lanrel, in idln-ion to this distiognished hero, who olevuted the gloity of
Brit in in India, and rendered it .permanent by his conquests in Spain
and Portugal, aho by nnwearied enterprize and contnmmate Aidgment
wasted the powerful resnorraaor the French in the Peninsula, and first
taught the prostrate nations of the '.otthinent,the elialople of patience, of
fortitude, and of conquest. -„
W. MA ny A...wows:l,ll(ls an early Applicatinn. tar Shares, in aorder
to lecture a finished impression of the Coloured Engraving. Purchaserst
of two or more Sbareboill i.e cntjtled to one icipression of each{'lace,
the Pronietheus being still in distribut,ion at this earliest solicitatio,nof
several Friends.
•—' • -

LONDON MARKETS.

CORN-EXCHANGE, MONDAY, MAY 16.

The supply of Wheat this morning being smal , that of fine qua.
lities met ready sale at an advance of Air per quarter; but there is
not the least amemhient of the inferior in price, which descrip-
tion continue unsaleable. Having but little Barley at market, that
which was fresh amid fine sold freely at last Monday's prices, but
stale samples are full 2s, per quarter cheaper. Oats sell more
trecly than on Friday, but the pc ice remains as on that day. In
Beaus/ ?casco and other articles; uo alteration.
s. s. a. s. '
SS a 69 White Pease 552 a b 6
66 a IS t Grey Pram, 42 a 46
39 a 40 ' Beans 4O a 44
$2 a 42 Ticks
10 a 76. Oats

..
Pine ditto
jive
1141 ley

;.
Poland 04ts 4n a 2$
Pntatoe ditto 2 a go
Fine Flour 60 a
Segood do. 411 a go
!tape Sand 1,26 a 1 43

FplpAY, MAI/ 20.
The market for most articles was pretty steady at Monday's pric:s.
Fine Wheat freely supports the above quotation.—atts were a trifle
dearer.

JIREAD at late prices—Quartera Loaf Wheatern 1114.

AVERAGE PRICE OF CORN, PER QUARTER.
FUR TIM WISE .NDT :13 MAY 14.
England* Wales. Scotland. England & Wales. Scotland.
e .1. P. d. g. .1. s. it.
08 lo .... 63 8 Spans
43 9 .... 62 11 Pease
ST 9 .... 41 A Oatmeal..... SI II
*a 0 .... 27 8 1 Wee or Nl= -- 0

Wheat
Rye
Harley
Oat% ..... •
