SUNDAY, APRIL 7, 1822

runs of Nyssa, and another on the frontier of Bornia.
The troops in the environs of Sophia have set out
for the Danube. It is expected that the lurks will
shortly enter Servia. and the situation of Prinee
Milose'', when hostilities break out, may become
very critical.
A uosorfao; MAUCH 20.—.,The news receiver! to-
day from Warsaw positively announce war. The
Generals in Chief of the Russian armies of the west
and the south had to attend a council of war at the
grand head-quarters at Minsk, in which the opera-
tions of the campaign have probably been decided
on, after despatches brotight by an extraordinary
courier from St. PeterslArgii. It seems that the
Russians will shortly enter Walachia and Moldavia.
It is affirmed that, ino note subsequent to its
ultimatum, Russia had demanded of the Porte a large
sum to indemnify it for the expences caused by the
great armaments which it has been compelled to
make in consequence of the insurrections of' the
Greeks, and sanguinary scenes at Constantinople.
The same thing was done when Austria sent an
army to occupy the kingdom of Naples.
Atx-La-Comeetut, MARCH 31.—Private letters
say, that the arrogance of the Divan was such, in its
negociations with the ministers of Austria and Eng-
land, that the latter, who has exhausted all the
resources of diplomatic skill to ensure the mainte-
nance of peace, was himself wearied out.
The rejection of the stitimatam has given a sensible
blow to the Austrian paper currency.
From the 22d to the 25th of March, the great
banking and commercial houses at Vienna sent nu-
merous expresses to their correspondents in the
commercial cities of the west of Europe. On the
other hand, the offee of Foreign Affairs and the

upon courier to London.
The silence of the Austrian OGA'rver on the cri-
tical state of the political afliiirs of the cast of
Europe is very remarkable. People are curious to
see the style of the first article which this minis-
terial journal (which has never been a moment
favor rAble to the cause of the Greeks) will publish
on this bUljeCt •
IIERMANSTADT, MARCH 18. —The news from
Moldavia and Walachia inspires horror. The Asiatic
troops lay waste every thing with fire and sword.
Even the city of Jassy was on fire in several places
on the lath of March; whole streets are reduced to
ashes. We tremble for Bucharest.
The Kiaja Bey has published, that if he were
forced to evacuate the country, be would carry all
the male inhabitants into slavery, and that he would
not leave a village standing. The fugitives reach
our frontiers almost naked—the soldiers strip them
of all their clothes.

MADRID PAPERS.

t

MADRID, MARCH 2.8.--:This morning early, the
Authorities had taken all proper precautions to pre-
serve order in the ceremony of drawing lists Ow the
conscription), which had been announced to begin,
and in fact did begin, this morning. Shortly after
it commenced, some cries were heard of " Fuera !
fuera which, for a considerab:c time, were over-
powered by the admonitions, sometimes gentle,
sometimes energetic, of a detachment of cavalry, of
the regiment del l'rincipe, which was posted near
the place. These cries were aficrwards repeated,
with others of the same kind, in consequence of
which the national militia, which occupied the en-
trant... s to the square of the Constitution, interfered,
and arrested a countryman who distinguished him-
self in one of the groupes. Many of those who
composed it proceeded to the Pli.zucla de la Ville to
demand his liberty, which titej^ atlerwards repeated
in the square of the Constitution. We 40 not know
whether they attained their object.
This evening there have been manifested some
symptoms more or low tending tc diforder, the
fects of which have ',curt repressed L! the nobl.; at-4
titude of the local told permanent rational inii;.tia.
The militia poceiving that, aftfr the operatioa
the day was concluded, considerable groups assem-
bled in the square, and that many of the persons
who composed them were armed with sticks, took
those it could, and at night continued its ahrti•to
prevent the interruption of the public tranquillity,
the preservation of which is confided to its ;Icel.

„

/: s

Paul.: 9d

It is now nine o'clock at night ; all symptoms of
disorder have vanished, and the city is quite tran-
quil.
PAMPLONA, MARCH 15.—For some days past we
have heard of certain bands of armed parants,
which have appeared in the north part of this pro-
' vince. These bands, some of which consist of 499
men, scent to be rather smugglers than rebels, the'
there arc some who pretend that they are entirely
composed of enemies to the Constitutional System.
It is known, however, that many of these parties
are engaged in smuggling spices and colonial pro-
duce, by which they make large profits.
Notwithstanding these circumstances, complete
tranquillity prevails in this capital, and the autho-
rities do their utmost to preserve it, and prevent all
fresh causes of complaint.
nuncios, MARCH 17.—1 t seems incredible what
is passing in the environs of city, by the existence
of these wretches Caress, Hiponto, Isaac, Nicasio,
and a few others as bad as them, if that is possible,
and by the inefficacy of the measures adopted to
pursue and exterminate them.
The insecurity in which we are to go out of the
gates, since the unhappy Manso was seized by these
wretches, of whom nothing has since been heard, is
increased by a horrible event which has just hap-
pened.
Here follows a long account of two persons
having been carried oil' by Hipulito ; as they did net
return for many days, their wives went to search
after them, but in vain. They have since been
found in the mountains'inurclered, and it is probable
Manso had the same thte.
The Madrid mail was robbed on the 18th near
Mendes. The soldiers who (atoned it

on which the villains fired and killed one of the
horses of the soldiers, and the other ran away. The
banditti robbed and ill-treated the passengers.
We have so frequently spoken of these abtreq,
that we arc weary of repeating the same thing. Yet
we cannot but lament the scandalous neglect in th•
administration of justice. The capital is full of
gypsies, vaoltbonds, and presidios, who were already
condemned,'' and have escaped the punishMent duo
to them. We shall shortly give a representation
made by the Municipality of Madrid to the go-
verment on this important subject. •
It is, in truth, disgraceful that the unfortunate
traveller should be rubbed within three leagues of
the capital of Spain, and still more so that these ex-
cesses should be repeated daily. The enemies of
our liberty take advantage of ail these events to
decry the Constitutional System. If the judicial
power does not exercise speedy and complete justice,
it will be responsible for all the disorders which its
indifference must produce.

. •
A series of official papers relative to the slave
trade, on the coast of Africa, has been printed by
order of the House of Commons. It consists of three
letters from Sir Charles M`Carthy, and an enclosed
memorandum, dated Sierra Leone, Jan. 2.2.—These
communications will be found to present melancholy
evidence of the great cncrease of the execrable traffic
in human beings. To so great an extent, indeed,
has it been carried, that the lists of slave ships
which had reached Sierra Leone, had, from their
magnitude, " been deemed exagerated and inere-
dilate.' One ilia alone, mentioned on the autho-
rity of C.. 1):. Lecke, of the Myrmidon, is sufficient
to slicw with what activity the trade was carried
on. That (Zeta. ascertained on good authority •
that the number of slave cargoes taken out of
Bunny, from July, 1820, to Octoba., 1821, was nu
less than 190; mid it is added, that u return
from Calabar, presented an aggrcgate of 162.
There has also Len printed for tile House of Com-
mons, the report of the House of Representatives
IX the United States of America, relative to the
'pnutual exercise of the right of mutual search by
Great Britain and America, with a view to the
suppression of the slave trade. It is dated Feb. 9,
18g1. It will be recollected that in this report the
necessity of a mutual right of search was admitted,
and that the President was requested to enter into
such arrangements as he might deem suitable and
prui:er, with one or more of the maritime powers
of Europe, for the etLetual abolition of the Atriara
slave trade.

. •
s.,
