OCT. 16.

. ..... ••• ••11.• ..••• •

,TII

ISth, Von Kinkels, remains in the Tyrol, from whetter some
corps of Sharpshooters have been ordered to the army under
Gen. Wrede. near Augsburgh. Numerous recruits have also
been drawn from the Vorarlberg; thore from the Forest of
Bregenz are represented as men of singularly large. stature.
Prussia is making extraordinary exertions to re-organize her
army. The King has issued two proelamations from Konigs-
berg; the one declares, that all arbitrary punishments in the
army, as running the gauntlet, bastinades, &c. are abolished;
and 'by the other, a general conscription, without exemption, is
appointed. This tatter ordnance, which bears date the 6th ult.
declares, that all distinction of rank now ceases; that all have
equal rights and duties ; that in periods of peace, those only
should aspire to Officers' commissioas who have knowledge and
education ; and in time of war, bravery and judgment constitute
the only recommendation to command, without the slightest re-
gard to rank. The first and second Lieutenants and Ensigns of
the new levies are to be chosen from amongst the most deserving
soldiers who served in the late campaign. A numerous corps of
Cadets, for the formation of future Officers, has also been estab-
lished.

In several provinces of the Austrian Monarchy the t_lovern-
meat, taking advantage of the late abundant crops, are forming
extensive magazines.—The Homburg h Co Creep oat co ten, in re-
porting the circumstance, observes, that it is merely to prevent
the recurrence of scarcity.
Aastria, with a view to the formation of Military Comman-
ders, has established four more companies of Cadets, in addi-
tion to the two at Neustadt and Vienna--each number is to com-
prise I% members, and are to be stationed in Austria, Bohemia,
Moravia, ke. From these companies all officers are in future
to be chosen, and no man, however high his rank, can hereafter
obtain a cominission in the Austrian army, unless he has served
to these probationary corps.

PROM THE SPANISH PAPERS.
INSTILLATION OF TUE SUPREME JUNTA,
AT THE PALACE OF AItANJUEZ.
LIST OF TUE MEMBERS ASSEMBLED.
PREsIDEvT an INTERIM, The Most Excellent Senor the Con-
de tie Florida Blanca.
.Aactoos : Prattetreo Palafox, Don Lorenzo Caloe.
AsTualAs : The Most Excellent Senor Doo Melchor de Jovel-
Janos, the Marquis de Campo Sagrado.
(01.0) CA'SILLE: Don Lorenzo Bonifaes de Quinton, Val-
des, absent.
CATALONIA: The Marquis de Villel, the Marquis de Saba-
ZOOll.
CORDOVA : The Marquis de la Puebla, Dun Juan de Dioc
Rabe.
EsvacuAnca t.: Don Martin de Garoy, Doll Felix de Ornile.
GRAN tDA : Don Rodrigo Reptelinde. Don Luis Gilles de Gilles
JAEN : Don Sebastian de Tocano, Don Francisco Paulo Can-
tanedo.
Fos MAJORCA, AND TIM ADJ Ac ENT ISLANDS: Don Tomas
de Vizi, Don Josef ilaneluda de Tujores.
Wail A : The Most Excellent Seam- the President ad interim,
the Senor Marquis de Villar.
Si:N.lll.z : The Senor Archbishop of Laodicea, the Conde de
Toi.coo : bon Pedro Bittern, Don Joseph Garcia de la Torre.
VA LCNCIA : The Conde de Coot:mina, El Principe de Pio.
The Must Serene Deputies assembled in the Sacristy of the Cha-
pel belonging to the Palace of this Royal It evidence. They heard
uiss, which was celebrated by the Most Excellent the Archbi-
shop of Laodicea, Coadjutor of the Archbishop of Seville, and
Deputy of that kingdom; after which the following oath, which
had been previously taken by that Prelate, was admioirterid by
him, upon the book of the by
Evangelists, to all the Most
Serene Deputies t—
" You swear by God and his Holy Evangelists, and by Jesus
Christ crucified, whose sacred image you have here present, that
is the employment and functions of a Member of the Central Su-
preme Junta of Government of the Kingdom, you will defend,
and promote the preservation and increase of our Holy, C.athe-
lie, Apostolic, and Roman Religion; that you will be loyal to
and defend our august Sovereign Ferdinand VII. and his rights
and Sovereignty; thitt you will Promote the preservation of our
Rights and Privileges, oar Laws and Vtinges and especially those relltive to the Succession in the Reigning Family, and

•
• A 110 4•10. II

' •
•••

those also which are particularly laid down in the same laws ;
and, finally, that you will promote every thing conducive to the
general welfare and happiness of this Kingdom, and the amelio-
ration of its customs, keeping secret every thing that should be
so, protecting the Laws from every evil, and persecuting: their
enemies, even at the hazard of your life, :safety, and property ?
—So 1 swear."
" If you do so, God be your helper; and If not, may he pu-
nish you, as one who had taken his holy name in- vain.-4 inen.•*
A solemn l'e Deum was sung by the Community of Barefooted
Monks of St. Paiqual of this place; and this religions ad being
concluded, the Junta passed in front of the tine battalion alight
troops of Valencia, which was formed in two tiles from the eq..
trance of the Chapel to the staircase of the Royal Palace, ai.ci
adjourned to one of the principal halls destined at present fur ►i.e
sitting of the Juntas. In this public proceeding,' and among
the multitude of people of all classes and conditions who +sere
assembled, the greatest enthusiasm was discovered in favour
of Ferdinand VII. The enthusiasm and interest felt by the
ple increased, when the Host Serene Deputies proceeded to the
great gallery of the principal front of the Palace, from which
the actual President, ad interim, Count Florida Bianca, again
proclaimed our beloved King Ferdinats,!.
The Most Serene Deputies being placed in their respective
stations, and the President having pi onomiced a short but ap-
propriate discourse, the Junta declared itself legitimately con-
stituted, without any prejudice to the absentees, who are to
compose the Junta of Government, in absence of our King and
Master, Ferdinand VII. and ordered a literal certificate of this
act to be drawn up, and directed to the President of the Council,
for his information, and that of the Tribunal. In the mean
time communications are made to him of the last orders agreed
upon.

Royal Palace of Aranjuez, the 25th of Sept. 1808.

111.4rtre.v ne 1.; ,ittor,
General Secretary interim.

CORUNNA. OCT. 2 —Yesterday morninga fleet of trancrorts,
escorted by five English frigates, a brig, and a cutter, luive in
sight off the Cape, at the distance of four leagues from thi- port.
They have on board 8,500 men, under the command of t;ie S;,ir-
quis del Romana. who are to be disembarkei at 4t. Ander°,
unless the vessels should be prevented by contrary winds from
mak* that port. Our generous Allies, time English, Rill co-
operate with us against the enemy, he sending our assistance
a respectable force of infantry and cavalry. lid the post front
Portugal, just come in, we learn, that the corps commanded by
the Marquis de Valladares, and the rest of the Spaniards in that
kingdom, are on their march to joie our army, well provided ili
point of arms and clothing

. EXPOSITION

OF Tirr PRACTICES AND MACHINATIONS WHICH LEO TO
THE USURPATION OF THE CROWN OF SPAIN, AND THE
MEANS ADOPTED RV Tile EMPEROR OF THE FRENCH TO
CARRY Jr INTO ExecurioN, RV DON ',cum() CEVALLOA,
FIRST cECRETARY OF STATE AND DISPATCHES TO lilt
CATHOLIC MAJESTY' FERDINAND VII.
" At a period when the nation has made and continues to make
the most heroic efforts to shake 6(l' the yoke of slavery attempted
to be imposed upon it, it is the duty of all good citizens to con-
tribute, by every means in their power, to enlighten it w ith re-
spect to the real causes that have brought it into its present
titration, and to keep up the noble spirit by which it is aoH::,iva.
" The 3'realy of Tilsit, in sshick the destiny of the world
seemed to be decided in favour of the Emperor of the French,
was hardly concluded, when he turned his eyes towards the West,
and resolved on the ruin of Portugal and Spain; or w hat comes
to the same purpose, to make himself master of this vast Penin-
sula, with a view of making its inhabitants as happy as those of
Italy, Holland, Switzerlaud, and the League of the (thine.
" At this very lime, the Emperor was revolving in ilk mind
some designs fatal to Spain (for he began to disarm her by de-
manding a respectable body of our troops to exert their vnlour
in remote regions, and for foreign interests. This he etlected
without difficulty, mid there was placed at his disposal a gallant
and picked force of 16,000 men of all descriptions.
" The enterprize of making himself mastcr of Spain was not
so easy as Napoleon iina;:ined. It was, above all. necessary to
flud out some pretest for carrying into execution the daring awl
&rstic plan of 'ubitvgating it friendly and allied na;iou, that

__..


1
