552

TTI

t. Mors4ny.—St. Stephen, King of 'Langan,
the l•hristian faith iu that country. -Also St.
Martha and Mary, who had the happiness of being acquainted with
Christ, whom he afterwards entertained at his !muse. Ile was recalled
to life by our Saviour, and hated by the Jews on that account„--1666.
1110 great Err of Londiat began. and continued three whole days.--
179 g. A most horrid massaore takes 1 twee at Par:s, and is auelided
with wanton and unheard-of clarity.
The Sun rises at 5 h. 1.5 mit!. sets at 6 b. 45 min.
uter morniog at 3 It 30 loin. afternoon at 6 h. 56 min.
Nig quarter of the moon at 11% min. paNt twelve, nigh'.
3 Frid.ty.—: I. Simeon Solite, the younger, so called because he
pa.sed set oral years of his life upon a pillar, under tl.e rt ign of the
Etupera Nlattritius, an act of great prtiance, abnegation. find *axon-
weetienev, much more to be admired than imitatt d. The Fakirs of
India adto .ometitnes this mode of lite, and fix them elves for year,
nn a stone. in such an invariable attitude, that heir limbs lose their
wrtura: plianev.--1189. Richard I. is crowned at IVestasinster.-1191.
lie olw. !es a signal victory osr, r Saladin, in the Holy Lind.-16313.
Death of t)iivet Cfotn‘%t day is prf,cl;tinivd at twelve o'clock
Bartholomew Fair. It seems that anciently, and lung before the al-
let want of the calendsa, many people used to aFsemble before the
chord' of it Bit tholontew, is, Smithfield, on the vigil of that saint, in
order to pay tle.ar annual cit rottons.—Now this fair presents the most
di:gustln sceneg 'jot, drunk, ones., end dehauchet v.
'file Son r;•.4b5 at 3 It 17 mitt. pets at 6 It. 43 min.
ater mot niog at 7 It 1I mitt. afternoon at 7 It

4. Netturthaf.---Traushition of St. Cuthbert. An annual commemora-
tion fit the di:y %viten the bfdly of •this holv wus removed Iron,
rn to Dltrliam.--Al,o St. 11 werl:ll., who suffered 113 d rtyrdlot.
wider tit.... reign of A.coninus.--1657. Achuirdl Blake -was interred
wall great Irma;, to W-A uoir!,ier Abbey.
Ilie Sun ri-es at h. 19 min. sets at 6h. 41 min.
Ifigh-waier twoai. dt Bit 19 in. afternoon at 3 I). 51 min.

PRICY; OF ST 'CKS YBSTERDAY.
per Cent. Cow.
4 7,.t. i's to. Ited. Omniven fi pi, .

THE NAi-lONAL REGISTER.

ton Dan,
SUNDAY, AUGUST 29.

RENEWAL OF HOSTILITIES-ACCESSION OF AUSTRIA.

On the loth of this month the Allies formally an-
nounced their determination of making again an appeal to
arms. CAULINCOURT (the murderer CAULINCOURT) bad,
it seems. arrived at Prague on that very day, and bad pe-
remptorik demanded the renewal of the Armistice, before he
would condescend to give his master's answer to the ulti-
matum offered by Austria, or even open his commission.
This was, of course, indignantly refused, and the Armistice
was declared to be at an end.
This ultimatum, to which the Allied Powers had agreed,
is stated to have been the evacuation of the Prussian for-
tresses by the French, and, according to report, the re-
moval of the French troops to the Rhine, the abandonment
of the Rhenish Confederation, and generally the evacua-
tion of all those parts of Germany seized by the enemy.
This prgjet had been transmitted to Avow AP A aTE, with an
intimation that the Empes or of AUSTRIA would expect a
reply before the loth of August.
Oil the 1 t th, at noon, the Austrian Government promul-
Fated a declaration of war against France, solemnly declaring
in that glorious manifesto, that this step was owing solely
to the impracticability ,of the Tyrant's temper. Ile would
listen to no terms but such as left him undisputed master of
the universe ; and other States had no other resource but to
place their confidence in the God of battles, and try the
attempts of their united arms, to save them from slavery.
The same d-ayblattao;itit and Cat4ticouttr received their
P4”Pqrt.•

EGISTER.

A VG US 1, 9.9:

Whether BUONA PA RTE expected Aw-•tria to take so deci-
sive' a part against him, it is impossible to know : but it is
said in a letter from the Russian head-quarters, that
much discontent prevailed in the French camp at the pros-
pect of the renewal of the war with the addition of anotLer
powetful enemy—,and that BUONAPARTE bad received a
deputation from the Senate, intimating to him, that if Aug.
aria had declared against France, the tranquillity of :he
interior would be in danger.
There is a report that the decision of Austria was
.t,de
accele-
rateduc by an attempt on, the pact of Boot:APART e i
Russia to enter into a separate negociatiou ; which attempt
was instantly disclosed to the limpet or of A CST R
The three Sovereigns of Russia, Prussia, and A us•ria. hive
fixed their head quarters at Prague, and to that military
-Congress we look with much more confidence for the ee-
liveiance of Europe than to the motley assemb'y, by %Ouch
BUONAPARTE attempted once mote to delude the Powers
of the Continent. Ninety thousand •of the Allies had
joined the Austrian at my on the frontiers of Bohemia, and
the most sanguine expectations were formed of that powerful
co-operation. •
Of the first operations of the main contending armiei, of er
the expiration of the Armistice, no acLount has yet been
received.
SILYESTER, the Messenger, left Reichenbach, the
sian head-quaiters, on the iSth, three days befoi e the com-
mencement of hostilities, and, of course, no.hing can be
known from him. Yet, an article from Berlin mentions
that BUONAPARTE had attempted to sieze BreTho, the
capital of Silesia, before the expiration of ihe notice, and
had been repulsed by the Russians. We should n< tbe
11 surprised at any act of treachery from BUONAPARTE, but
we apprehend that be had no troops suffi :iently near
Breslaup to attempt a surprise, and we do not credit thz
intelligence. It is probable that the-first operations will be
on the Upper Elbe rather than on the Oder. On the IA viw
Elbe hor,tilities have been renewed by a petty attaf k to on a
Russian and Prussian advanced post at Lauenburgh ; it
' was stationed there to watch DAvousT's movements, and
DAVOUST having quitted Ilamburgh, drove it back in or-
der to follow the movements of the CROWN PRINCE.
There does not appear to be any probability that Hamburgh,
or its vicinity, will be the scene of very important opera-
tions; nor do we think the CROWN PRINCE will advance
in that direction. The' liberation of Hamburgh would be
productive of no great effect upon the war. Its independ-
ence or slavery will lee decided in a very different quarter
—it' must depend up:As the, operations between the two
grand armies. DavousT would seem to be advancing in
the direction of Berlin, and some attack he would no doubt
have made against that city, had not the CROWN PRINCE so
disposed his army as to ensure its safely. He was himself
at Oranienburg three days before hostilities could be re-
newed, and could assemble a force of 80,000 men in less
than two class. There can be little doubt that this large
army, commanded by a French General, must give
BUoNAPARTE great uneasiness; for it is so di• posed as
to be able to throw itielf immediately in his rear. Of the
relative force of the two armies we are ignorant, but we
should think that with the addition of the Danish troops,
supposing he can place perfect reliance upon them, (which
we doubt) he cannot have any thing like a force capable of
coping with the CRoWN PRINCE. The capture of Lubeck
is said to have been the immediate consequence of the re•
newal ot* hostilities in that quarter.
On the Upper Elbe, the attention is more -particularly
directed tct the positions of tise contending armies in that

E NATIONAL
- -
who first t Aid:46llrd
I..z.lrus, brother to
