THE D1M31.1.

COVENT OAR is EN.
The announcement of Miss Stephens's first appear-
ance this season, had the effect of tilling this Theatre
on Wednesday evening to an excess. The character
which Miss Stephens selected for the resumption °filler
professional avocations in London, was 'hat of Maim
('genies, in Bob Buy : the selection ..vas jittlicious ore;
inasmuch as it affords ample scope for the display of
Stephnin's powers. We never recollect to have
seen or beard this enchanting Syren to snore advantage
than on this occasion. She %C.li in excellent voice, and
her powers eves appear to have improves! during her
temporary absence from the metropolis; her songs were
executed in the most effective manner She was en-
csreti with enthusiasm in almost every Song ; and in
erne of them, especially the delightful air commencing
" A Hikilland Lad my Uwe was born ;" and in the
duet in the commencement of the third act, there ap-
peared a dispssition on the part of the audience to cull
Ca. a second repetition. Souse of the more reasonable
and feeling part of the audience, however, interposed,
and prevented the unreasonable call being enforced.—
Tse other novelties of the evening were, Duruset in
the character of Frivica Osballesitar, which he assumed
Tor the first time: his songs were given with consi ier-
ahle effect. Tnis gentleman is something in ere than
re4iectable as a singer, we shall be happy to say ILS
inuelt of his acting when he gives us an opportunity:
at present he fulls far short of the standard of feeliag
end energy. Emery was the substitute for poor
Tokely, in the character of Dougal. This was u
cha-
reeter created by Tokelys and suited especially to his
superior powers. It was a tusk of no little ditUculty
to undertake it, after it ha 3 been in possession of so
able a supporter. Emery, however, gave a spirited
.delineation of the trusty follower of the Mat7rrpr.—
It was en original piece oh seting: he was.by no ineaes
a servile imitator; and though, peels:pit, net quite
equal to his prissiness° , he yet deserved and received
considerable applause. Of Macreatly'e Bob Boy, anti
I,iston's Bailie Niro! Jarvie, it is unnecessary to speak.
The first was never :sore dignified in the hardy un-
bending Highlsteler, to m lust night;; slur was the
letter ever more successful in exciting the risible fa-
culties of the audience.

Miss Somerville hies resigned her ■r!icles at Covent
Garden Theatre, in consNucnee of Miss O'Neill re-
fusing to pciforin with her in the new tragedy of Mary
Stuart !

The Rickaond Impairer, quoted by tke New York
Papers, intimtnes that some definitive arrangement
has been concluded between the British and American
Governments, relative to the exercise of the right of
search, and to the impreetanen. of seamen from on bard
ne-rehant vessels of the United States. The New York
Editor, however, discountenances this supposition, and
expresses his persuasion that nothing had been finally
done upon that delicate and difficult subject. The
citizens of New Tort have voted a piece of plate to
Mr. Willshire, the British Consul at Mogadore, fur
his prompt beueficence in redeeming from slavery, and
restoring to their country, an American captive (James
Riley) and five of his cumpimions. A Message was
received tieurthe President by Condresa, on tht; 14:h
ult. transmitting a report of the Secretary at War,
with the correspondence whioti took place between the
Governor of Geurgia and• General Jackson, touching
the arrest, &e. of Obed Wright—a ease of cruelty al-
must unparalleled towards the wretched Indians, and
of audacious insulcuce sot the part of Jackboa towards
the Civil Power of the 'United States; this was referred
to the Committee on Military subjects. On the 15th
of December Mr CAstoa (dieted a resolution,—`• That
the President should be requested to lay before the
!louse of Representatives any correspondence which
may have taiteti place between the Governments of
Garter Britain and of the Unites! States, relative to the
execution of Arbuthnot and Atubrister." ibis propu-
sition was not rejected ; it was merely regarded as pre-
mature ; the President having already promised felt
information upon the said occurrences. Mr. Colston's
resolution wets therefUre ordered to lie upon the table.
Here there is auutheeetretty convioeing proof that the
.comfortulde doctrine eirotessed by the Nalional
grower, as to the outrage upon one or in,re Peritish
subjects henig putely u,doutestie • busiimas between the
(ioveroment of che,.UnSll4, Stet es and its own flivouri!:•
officer, hes not mude,eoneerte.of the whole Aeiericau
twee, but likely to etteaunter a sharp eemninatune
nategst the repeldicemethempelves. .We are low to-
ler:tidy certain of knowing, -out only the extent-ot
the injury which thissnatien has sidkrel, but Ilitterue
"Ott to e mien it has been coneitieteei by the English
(;tveniment, ms well as by :mfr. itle Moe —Under tile
heed of "Spanish Affairs," •it is :.seetetl th.it the ces-
sion of Florida has been actually 5,.;,,e,t by iteeoftation.
lietevec 440;Spanisli anti A ete; ..a
The note..Eilwitrd Steweee 6ei:44.1'114,4'4n,
•cts of ,lee Navy, •ie to
Cuhfums;:esnd tie litAV Pay.
master end liepector Of M a amused Mr.
Stowart.ovconnLiabionta . . •

TIIF NATtoN AL TIEGIsTER._

11;;;E7'IAG OF BOOKSELLERS.

A numerous Meeting of the Publishers, Booksellers,
Stationers, and all others interested in the sale Of the
Holy Scriptures, was held on I.riday evening at the
Globe Tavern, Fleet Street, to take into consideration
the recent attack made on the trade, as relates to toe
sale of Bibles and Prayer-books ks the nature of
this attack may not be known to the generelity of our
readers, we shall eibleavoer to explain it Ly giving,
in few words, a short abstract of a Report made by a
Coaandttee, appointed on Thursday evening, to inves-
tigate into its extent. It nepeared from that report,
that for two or three years p./st bills in Clfaneery have
been filed, and.silently operating under the instmetion
of a patentee, against persons seiling Edinbuigi Bibles.
or Common Prayers. These bills have beeu com-
pounded privately, to the TIO &Mall gain of' the attorney
employed, and vexation of the party attacked. During
the lust term a hundred injunctions were obtained
against ditlbrent B.boksellers iu London and the sub-
urbs ; and ninety are entered for the present term.
The clerk of the solicitors, Messrs. Foss and 0., is
generally the informer. At first the injumeicus were
only levelled against Bibles printed at Edinburgh, but
lately they have been extended wesiinst Bibles, Testa-
ments, and Common Prayers, printed in England, with
commentaries and notes. This proceeding ports spread
terror and dismay through the various Booksellers both
in town and country : especially as they have been
likewise intbrmed, that they cannot, under the existing
law, sell any Bible in the english tongue, or in any
other tongue whatsoever, of nny translation, with note
or without note, which is not printed at the press at
the King's printer, or at the press of the twoUniver-
sides. ['he satferers by these prosecutiemi have been
chiefly among the petty retail dealers, who, it was sup-
posed, would willingly enter into any terms of com-
promise offered by the attorney conducting these
proceeses, rather theti incur all the risk and expense of
a Chancery suit. The wholesale dealers have in
neral escaped free from attack, though latterly some
of them (Mr. Wool, in the :Strand ; Wihens, it
the Exchange; and Messrs. Arch, of Curnhill have
bt.en visited by the same antioyaece as their less wealthy
treeltren. As this system was rapidly spe!aling in
every direction, the trade took it up, sail weeenbled
on Friday evening to discuss the .propriety of resisting it
with ail the energy which such an invasion of what
they deemed their long established rights demanded.
The impropriety, it' not tie illrgslity, of these vex-
atious measures on the part of the patentees, was strongly
insisted upon ; and the judgment of Lord Clare, in the
es'se of GI ierson, the King's printer at Duulin, v. Jack-
ant (Ridgeway's Reports, 504) was stated to be ties
cisive of the matter. In the course of that case, which
originated upon an application for an injunction to
prevent tle_ detendant from printing an edition of the
Bible in numbers, with paws and notes, Loud Clare
asked if the validity of such a patent as the King's
printer enjo ed had ever been established at law ; and
said, that lie did not know that the Crown had a right
to grant a monopoly of that kind. funher added,
" I can conceive the King, as head of the Church, may
say, that there shall be but one man who shall print
Bibles and Books of Common Prayer, for the use of
Churches, and tir particular purposes; but I cannot
cenceive that the King has any prerogative to grant a
monop .ly as to Bibles for the instruction of mankind
in revealed religion. If ever there was a time which
called aloud fbr the disseminetion of religiois know-
ledge, it is this ; and therefore I should with great re-
luctance decide in favour of such a monopoly as this,
which must necessarily confine :he circulation of the
book. As to very particular purposes, I have no doubt
that the vatentee had an exclusive right to print Bibles
maid Prayer-books; but unless I am bound very strictly,
I will not determine upcin motion that too Irma butahe
Kieg's printer has a right to print such works as
these."

It was maintained that such testimony as this was
entitled to high consideration, as. it proceeded from a
nobleman who war mach attached to the prerogative
ofthe Crown. Great stress was also placed upon a do-
cument which ha.. been extorted by the patentees-or
their attorney, from a poor individual by which he
bound himself, under a penalty of Y,00'01., never to tell
a uopy of the Bible, Testameat, or orotuon Warn.,
which did not come from the Kink's Printing-Alto, or
that of the two Universities, and by which he also
bound liiinselltnever to take any.ttela to tlssolvis the
injouction itgaiiist him. 'rlie principal :peelers were
Mr. Maxwell, Iclr.lialiiivin, ui .alawnwe, Mr.
Mr. klagster, Mr laylor, unit Mr. Hone; between
whom and the Chairman, Mr. Leigh, 'some very •wa
~iiAgration visited. In the course of the debwe„ If.
Mawman, w. it the agent to the University of 4.2v•ai-
bridge for tile sale 'tit .their Bibtts, butted that he 1100.
written. t.e morning of that din; to the syndics there,
derlaeio,, alts upiui n to be, that the measures pursue it
were so. as ought to b. juinatliately terminated, on
nerotu...:,, K.-,41 vex.t.i•rtis natort,, and expre.... -I ,veat
couti..are.: twit tit• iu fy e,A,
Tie At% leo:anon did sot; howtver, scree to looduce
Josiah Iliect ninth the annals of his Riedkuee, why in •

,411

consequence, after some discassien,' esitattid.intt t re=
solution of a?pointiog a Committee of 1 2 lAmtloti
sellers, with powers to add to their numbers, and whit
full powers to adopt all such measitreaas ahintl:l be
quisite to -cretinate the depending prosecutions, and tes
prevent any futor.s. occurrence. Tltia was.fullu•.veil
another resolution, empowering asem to receive sub-
scriptions to eltable them to pmeeed with vigotti•igal •
energy in 4*w:4oi:cause in which they were so neces-
sa:ily engaxed... We understand that large sums were
immediately deposited in the hands c,f the committee,
several persona advancing from C-31. to 201. each, and
one gentleman.) in particular, the !urge sum of 150
guineas.

From hints that were ampped in the course of tbs
discussion, we are led to conjecture, tl:at the great body
of booksellers will ianiniaiateiy combine, and prescot
petition to the two Lleases of Parliament, to obtaia
some modification of the present patent. A professional
gentleman, who spoke in balialt of Mr. 131.toclimil, of
the City-road, stated, that he had very great doubts as
toils legality, and expressed his intention of examining
into that paint, whenever his client should be regularly
brought before the Court.

By the Jamaica papers we learn, that in- ennse-
quence of '•-; lute hurricane the island had eellibited
a scene of distress and dosulat7on snicely ever e;itiallel.
On the 27th of November a report was pi Lsented br
Mr Stewart, (of Trelawncy,) from the Committee
which had teen appointed to inquire into the effects cf
the storm. In this the Committee recommeed an
address to he sent up to his ;race the D.,:ee et. .
Manchester, stating, that with the exreetion of
small part of the county of Middlesex, the utmost
misery prevailed in teeery quarter ; and that through-
mat the western parishes, the provisions of the slave
population had been entirely destroyed. It is, there-
fore, humbly requested that his G- er may he pleased
to open the ports to all nteien,, for !..e. sot , . of such
Articles AS may be necessare, dosing te .- • .ertod ;
And to allow of pAyinent eetie et- •i.. •: Diu.:, in
/initiatc or otherwise as he shad t Ank may
presume, therefore,, that the ports of Jainates have .
le...en open dby the local Goyeenment Aeitecieen .
and other shipping. e •
The Archdul.e Maximilian of Airstela was in-,the
flou,c of Lords oft Thursday, during the delivery of
the Speech by the Lords Commissioners. His Imperial
flighte:ss went afterwards to the /loose of Cow:tons,
and sat in one of the side gaiieries.
The Session of t'arliament was on Thursday fully
opened with the speech from the Throne.—With the
exception of the continued indisposition of his Majesty,
and the recent death of the Queen, the topics twee.
tained in it ware well calculated .tom gratify She iielier •
of Parliament ; for they refer to the friendArip •oe
Foreign Powers, the improvement of out internidier
sources, the •visdotn of our rulers, and the glory of ,
our are:;.—The ~ebittes consequent upon the Spec*, ;
presented soate matter of interest. From that •.,/ Our
• Lards, we learn, that tee Bank is hot intended by
'::mister: to resume cash pal meats ou the expiention
of the present Restriction Act in July lieu,
The subject of the resumption of' cash payment. MS
opened on Friday night in •the Commons by Mr. •Dae
vis, who had been required to ask, on the part of his
constituents, what reception Government hid given to
their representations against the resumption. It tees
learned in reply, that the suspension of elm nietel-tin
currency will, under any circums attoes, nut be takete
off—that is to say, we she" not be again told it will be
taken eft till the March oft 840. But the Chancellor
of the Exchequer's present view upon. this subject will
not be fully made known till after Mr. Ticrney's me-
.tion upon the state of public credit as connected with
-Bank payments, which at present stands for the 23 of
February.

Another inquiry by Mr. Davis wan also upon an in.
teresting subject : that hon. gentleman wished to kt:(,..v
whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer remained in
the intention of not funding or borrowing this year;
he having funded so largely.last:year, with, the proles.
sed view of prfeluding the necessity of recorrin~ to a
sihiilar nieo.,.irc darin, the present. Mr. Veitsittart
replied to the etfret that he aid nm see any
of being ob!igetl,to fund or burrow.; but that he tsonLl
not pledge himself.

The lAnd-Cliair.2ellor and Lady FJlon irtvd„re,
moving. fru.n thtirpresiAlt resitleitee in
to their new hoube in Hamilton-place, early, intjaoli,
month. 0

A letter from Buenos Ayres, of the ifithof fteteller.
agya-0, Capt. Suerriff, frigute,AnttreJ
inache, write% •tbut the ,V 1.41 Foy of Li son, tyist„i:grft d.
.with him as to eom,.• rnit4y!mti, far
.*yrniipt.; thet
,curtto the P.ugliall, but tiiat the rth-rchan ,
4
„tt.,l and li:we agreed tb rpay 1.50.000 .N.'t ars• per-
vrerly : this they emits t comply With.
ters born I.inat. wbialt Await. in strottg_.wczna ,0 •
t&ttering power of the . Nc...491:5,,w
their friend. Say ALsktit.l • Otit
Many of 4lie rich o:4 .Sl)*P;Plis mare 23-)Ft!"-- ,)31
