THE NATIONAL REGISTZR

dominions was the ultimate object. (Hear, hear.) He had
always maintained such doctrine. The petitioner. maintained
snob doctrine. He now thought that he was laying the first
stone of that great work which would finally put a gradual ter
mination to slavery throughout the dominion.. (Hear.)
The clerk then read the petition at length.—Ordered to be
printed.

➢lr. CANNING asked whether it wu intended to found any
aotioo on this petition

Mr. BUXTON gave notice, that on the 221 April he should
move that such petition be referred to a committee, to consider
the state of slaver, in the West Indies.
Mr. IILYNIE mowed for returns of all persons prosecuted for
blasphemous libels, from 1122 to this time ; also for seditious
.libels i bow tried, &o.—Ordered.
SUPPLY—ARMY EXTRAORDINARIES.

The House baring resolved into a committee of supply,
Mr. LUSHItIGTON moved the greet 01010,0001. fur the
extraurdivaries of the army•
Mr. HUME particularly objected to the grants iucluded in
the estimates of 820,0001. fur Canada • of 170,0001. for the
Cape of Good Hope ; and to the expence of making Bermuda a
naval station. Ile also complained of our esiablishnienta in

the lonian Islauds, and maintained that the policy pursued by
Sir T. Maitland made our " protection" of those Islands tie
greatest curse that could have befellth tl.t•m. He strongly
maintained, that the colonies ought to be forced to mat.itain
their own establishments.

After some remarks front Mr. Bennett, &o. the resolutions
were agreed to.—Report to-in wow.
The remaining business baring been dirposed of, the Mouse
adjourned.

THURSDAY, MARCH 20.

There being only thirty-lire members present at roar
o'clock, the Speaker declared the llouso to stand adjourned
till to-morrow.
FRIDAY, MARCH 21.

Mr. If. SUMNER pulloutel a petition from Waltham, eons-
pl lining of the Coal Ditties.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. TULL presented a petition, with a like prayer, from
Sadbury.
CURWEN moved for returns of woollen rags imported
..—oruered.
Sir F. lILAKE presented a petition from Hereford, praying
that a heavier daty might be imposed on Hawkers and Pedlars'
Licences. Ordered to be printed.
Sir C. COLE presented a petition frost Glamorganshire, com-
plaining of Agricultural Distress, S:c.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE 'puke of the importance of the peti-
tion, and of the attention which it deserved from the House—
Petition ordered to be printed.

A petition was presented, praying that the coal duties be-
tween the Forest of Dean and Chopetow, might he placed on
an equal footing.
Sir T. WILSON presented the St. Saviqur's, Southwark,
Market Bill.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS-SirR.WILSON presented a petition
from the Borough of Southwark, agaittat the insolvent Debtors'
Acts.

Mr. HOBHOUSE spoke of the necessity of revising the
whole system. mid of the extravagant expeure of the present
Court. In Sergeant Rumnington's time (during two years), the
expences were 9,9811. and in that time there was paid into
Court 6,0001.; but now for one year and a half, the espenoe
was 20,4.1001. and paid into Court (1,3001. Those facts alone,
he thought, showed the necessity of a.complete revision.
Petition ordered to be printed.

Sir I'. WILSON moved for returns of persons confined by
warrants of the Southwark and Bruin's Courts of Requests.—
ferdered.

ScoTch Cou&-rs.—Sir R. FERGUSON presented &petition
from Julia Bay, complaining of the Court of Session, Scot-
land.

The LORD ADVOCATE said, the House bed doubtless
heard enough of John Hay ; he was before the House last
year.
Mr. HOIIHOUSE slid, according to what he understood,
Lord President hope had appeared 43 accuser—was then ex-
amined as a witness, and afterwards pronounced sentence.—
Such might be law in Scotland; but if it were such, it ought
to cello-.
Mr. HOME, in reply to the Lord Advocate* quoted several
atfelsvits front many merchants, and others, giving Mr. Hay
au excellent character.

The LORD ADVOCATE observed, that Mr. Hay had
quarrelled wills every body, all his own establisbmeut,
and then be prooeeded to libel the Coarts. Were those things
to be borne ? In his imprisonment ill the fifteen Lodges lied
agreed.
After some remarks from Mr. Peel, &o. the petition was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUSKISSON, in reply to lithe inqoiry of Mr. Sykes,
said he should not press the Merchant Vessels Apprenticeship
Bill till after the holidays.
Wis. Dow TAx.-31r. HOBHOUSE gave notice, that ou
the 15th of May he should move the total repeal of the Window
Doty. - .

Mr. WALLACE moved, that the House go into o Commit.
tee on the Warehousing Bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON admitted the importance of the bill, but
declared that its machinery was such as to destroy the good
effects contemplated by the bill.
The House divided on the question that the Speaker do leave
the Chair—For it, SO—Against it b.
The House resolved into the Committee, in which there was
an extended conversation en several of the claims.
TUE BEER TRADE.—The CHANt!ELLOR of the EX-
CHEQUER, at a late hour (past twelve o'clock), rose to pro-
pose Resolutions on this subject. (Fixer, hear). The substance
of his plan was, to allow an intermediate duty of five shillings
per barrel upon a beer to be brewed of a certain strength, vie..
—live barrels from a quarter of malt, and not to be sold for
more than 275. a barrel, or tenitence a gallon ; such beer to
he brewed by persons taking out a specific licence, not to be
drank un the premises where made, or at cmunom public
houses, Met at slops, as coffee and le• now were, such shops
being hemmed for that purpose. The Right flue. Gentleman
moved a resolution to this effect.

Mr. Alderman %V tiorl, Mr. Buxton, 8;r It. Cockburn, Mr.
Alderman Bridges, end Mr. F. Palmer expressed doubts of the
efficacy of the proposed plan as a relief for the poor, and very
strongly urged the injustice of th. measure as regartlettesta-
blislied brewers end publicans.
The Resolution was however agreed to.—Report on Mon-
day.—Adjourued at a gloater before woe.

The severity of the weather has been such in Po-
land, that the wolves have entered the, famers'
stables in wilok llock fur J War,
bcui killed.

FROM TUESDAY NIGIIT"S GAZETTE.

ADMIRALTY OFFICE, MARCH 17.
The King has been pleased to appoint his Royal Highness
William Henry Duke of Clarence, k.G., K.T., and G.C.R,
Admiral of tltc Fleet, to be Gemini of his Majesty's Royal Ma-
rine Forces, in the room of the Earl of St. Vincent, deceased.

FOREIGN OFFICE., MARCH 18.
The King has been pleased to appoint George Bomestem, Esq
10 be his Majesty's Consul fur the island of Sardinia.
CROWN OFFICE, MMICII 18.
MEMBER returned to serve in this present PARLIAMENT.
County of Fermanagh.—A nom Lowry Cole. commonly called
Lord Viscount Curry, of Castle Coulc, in the county of Ferma-
nagh, in the men of Si. Galbraith Lowry Cole, who hiss accepted
the office: of Governor of the Mauritius.

a

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
W. Brovni, Barton upon /lumber, Lincolnshire, nurseryman,
from March rt to March 31.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
J. Brown, London, army clothier.
BANKRUPTS.
G. White, Cherry Garden Sumt, Bermondsey, shipwright.
Solicitor, Mr. Jackson, Tenaile.
G. Newman, King: (town, Wiltshire, victualler., Sole. Means
Frowd and Co. Serie Street, Lincoln's Inn. _ _

J. Tee, liemswortb, forkliore, shopkeeper. SoL Mr. Bart-
lett, Bartholowew Close.

Li. S. Norton, Uxbridge. brewer. Sol. Mr. Gale, Basingkall
Street.
W. and G. Cock, Canterbury, wine merchants. Sub. Mears.
Brun drett and Co. Temple.
E. Butler, Alcester' Warwickshire, fellnionger. Suls. Messrs.
Adlingtou and Co. Bedford How.
B. Holmes, Thrum Hall, Yorkshire, merchant. Sol. Mr.
Walker, Lincoln's Inn.
_ . .

-
J. Walker, Great Smith Street, Westminster, carpenter. Sol.
Mr. Hannan], Piazza Chambers, Covent Garden.
W., J. W. and F. G. Hamilton, New City Chambers, and
J.ll. Bithodale, Leeds, merchants. bola. Messrs. Druce and
Co. Billiter Square. •
DIVIDENDS.
March 25, G. Orley, New Bond Street, tailor—Aril P, J.
Wheeler, jun., Abingdon, grbcer-2, S. Moore, Ashby de la
7uuch, milliner—S. J. Drake, Lewisham, master mariner.—W.
C. Glover, Albemarle Street, Hkr.over Square, upholsterer.
CLAITIFICATES to be grained- April 8
W. Young, Berm;rd Street, insurance broker—s. Yowler.
Dover, carpenter—J. Wiltshire, Wootton Bassett, saddler—J.
Wiltshire. Wootton Bassett, draper—J. Pearson, Beeson kleyds.
Yorkshire, clothier—J. Birch Birmingham, jeweller—F.livans.
Cirenceacr, corn dealer—C. Hay, Lancaster, twine mantras.
totter.
