THE NATIONAL REGISTER

Expose,"

an acquisition of glory." ' Every

year is branded`-with an augmentation of human misery,
with more alarming and wide extending aggressions on the
freedom of mankind. If we did not supremely contemn
the feelings and understandings of the Sovereigns of the
Continent ;_ if we did not think them far inferior, in every
thi;lg that constitutes human dignity, to the basest of their ,
subjects, we might vent some indignation at their subser- ,
viency to this roliber. But as long as he suffers them to
enjoy their cooks and buffoons, their mistresses, minions,
and fiddlers, their digestion will not suffer, their sleep be
disturbed, or their consciences alarmed, by the disorder and
ruin which are collecting around them. Are we, are they
of the same nature, which our and their forefathers were
oft Or, have historians and orators imposed upon us, and
represented their coternporaries in too glowing colours I The
events of the present day, the feelings of the existing gene-
ration, justify the blackest misanthropy. Swirr's dreadful
picture of the Yahoos, with a prophetic glance, has been co-
pied from the slaves and parasites, that constitute the gene-
rality of the present generation. To live contented under the
yoke of a murderer and robber, like BUONA PA RTE ; to sub-
mit to the innumerable outrages which such a state implies.
for the miserable advantage of chewing the daily cud, of
sleeping and dressing, and yawning and hiccupping-, con-
veys a far more contemptible idea of the human character,
than is expressed in SWIFT'S Satire. Such is, nevertheless,
the degraded, submissive, satisfied state of the greater part
of Europe. For the lowest animal gratification, for the
miserable privilege of breathing, they submit, in quiescent
apathy, with unexampled patience, to all the tortures and
iasults connected with slavery.

The most recent intelligence fiorn America seems to bear
us out in our last conjectures on the cause of Mr. JACK-
SON'S dismissal. A parallel to the conduct of the Presi-
dent and of Mr. SMITH towards our Ambassador, is scarcely
to be found in the annals of diplomacy, and, for the sake
of civilization, it were to be wished that mother may
never occur. The most savage hordes appear to feel an
instinctive deference for the character of an Ambassador.
They have sense enough to identify him with the nation
and government on whose part he appears ; and their
native discernment teaches them► that an insult offered to his
person is the grossest outrage on the country he represents.
It is not necessary to read either PUrEENDORFF, or Glto-
- to be acquainted with this truth ;—what is within the
comprehension of a half savage ; what has been practised
from time iinmemoral in every country ; what is an esta-
blished, fundamental principle in the laws of nations, should
not he discarded; or, at least, by his conduct, disavowed and
outraged by Mr. MADDISON. This is the more extraordi•
nary, and, we must say, impertinent and indefensible; be-
cause he and his predecessor, in all their public documents,
affect an extreme .reverenee for principles, and deplore
their infraction on the part of other Governments. The
most odious and arrogant trait in man is, that he allows
an unlimitted latitude to himself ; whilst he banishes others
within the narrowest circle of duty. The policy of the
American Presideot, grows out of this soluili and arrogant
