TTIP, NATIONAL REGTATER.

on their return broke the windows and doors of tli Louse of
a person who 'odd flour, together with great vast of the Milli-
e. The mischief was chiefly committed by the Littleport
rioters, who, after separating themselves trout those of Ely,
extorted money from several persons of that city, which they
spent .in drink, and departed homeward, to complete their
lawless depredations, has ing first released two of their eon-
fetteratt:%, who had been imprisoned by the Ely Magistrates.
Happily there was nu thriller disturbanee in that place, aftc:
the departure of the Littleport banditti.
Accounts received us Saint day from Manchester state, that
some thousands of the loss et orders of the people were assem.
Wag about twenty miles distant from Moneliester. The intel-
ligence was received in that town by express front a magistrate
residing is the vicinity of the tumultuous assemblage. Adriees
of these new movements were immediately fdrwarded to Go-
vernment. On Saturday a considerable hody of cavalry', with
several pieces of artillery, passed through Tottenham, on the it
way to assist in quelling the disturbances. The -Itit of Julie,
his Majesty's birthday, is a day of gre..t note in 3lanchester
and its vicinity, in consegneiree of some horse-racing in that
quarter about that period. which collects immense numbers
from the neighbouring country ; and in the most peacea:lie
times gu eat disorders arc committed by the lower classes elate
Lancastrians. As a great proportion of the workmen are at
present oat of employ, and those who have employment are in-
differently paid, considerable alarm is excited at Manchester,
notwithstaudiug the preparations that arc making to check the
turbulent.

An Ipswich Paper states, that the riots in that neiehbour-
hood have been less frequent during the hist week than for
some previous weeks. On Wednesday, however (eontiuwes
that paper), J. Mayes the younger., of Stoke, near Clare,
Suffolk, was charged with haviug threatened to set lire to a
barn belonging to Gen, Elwes, and, having given surety for
the peace ; as the law requires, was disehai gr.% In• rouse-
queue. of the arrest of this offender, some of the misguided
populace assembled, and proceeded to break up a thrashing-
machine in the atiehoourlamd; but .the General having, with a
very laudable promptitude, procured the attendance of some
military force, at the very crisis of the riot, the ring-leaders
were seised awl committed for trial. On Monday week a
great number of persona of the labouring class n.4(.31114(41 at
southery, in Niorfalk, and inamediatel proceeded fiir Down.
ham, between which places (about seven miles distance) they
forced the labourers from their houses and work to join them.
They commenced their scene of action by entering the shops
of the millers and bakers, and taking away dour, bread, ts.e.
At Mr. W. Baldwin's mill ;t great many sacks of wheat-meal
were thrown into the yard, awl spoiled. They then proceed( d
to the publicans, and &mantled ale, which was brought in
pails into the street. They next went to the Crown Inn, alld
drove the Magistrates (oho were holding weekly Sittings)
born the roams into the street. Afterwards 0.1. proceeded
to the butchers, whose shops they cleared. The Upwell temp
of Cavalry at length appeared, when the Magistrates read the
'Riot Act ; several gentlemen narrowly escaped with life, from
brick-bats, stones, clubs, aLc. With the aid of special consta-
bles, however, ten men .vol four 'venter] were taken and put
into confinement, nud the lest gradually dispersed; fortunately
no• lives were lost. The following morning the Magistrates
directed the inhabitants to arm themselves, and, in it Short
time, the town wore a formidable appearance; the inhabitants,
with the cavalry, proceeded to meet the rioters; when an
amicable agreement was made, which induced the latter to
return peaceably to their homes.

The appearance of the apple and pear trees In this conntry
k generally favourable; and, °Wing to the baehn ird ae,i,on,
•anguine linpr are entertained of a tine blogsnm, and a air
erop of fruit. In sonic plaerm the trees ate a little injured by
blight . but, 'upon the whole, they promise very well.—/lereford
Joiiriaal.

It i‘ the opinion of experienced persons, that a fair crop of
apples and pears may by expected.— Worcest. r Journal.
A panper of a parish :war Ai WWI: I Lady applied for relief,
nod stated, that he teas itie Iy-six kar= of age, and that his
father we.

At a town between Bourn and Deeping, a few days ago, a
person was arrested by a sheriffs officer, and hold three days
in custody ut a public-huose ; at the expiration of that time the
ale-score, for the debtor and the bailiff's follower, was for one
huudred anti ninety •sixgoners!! !
There appeared lately in the Chester Courant a paragraph,
Rioting that 31 men employed in Lord Grosvenor's mine at
near Flintshire, had been turned out of work, because
they were dissenters from the Church of Englaud. About isfort.
night ago they addressed a most respectful petition to the
Noble Lord; in which they stated the =saw of their reaper.
rive families, and the length of their servitude, mane Lai ing
beea 15 and 20 years in his Lordship's service. This petition,
it would appear, had not been Lussvered so 1000 as was ex-
pected; and, in consequence, on Saturday sennight, "The
Friends of Religious Liberty" held a public meeting in the
Welch Chapel, in Chester," fur the purpose of devising a plan
for the relief of the distressed miners at Halkin." A list of
resolutions was submitted fur the consideration of the meeting;
when a gentleman rose and stated, that he was atithenised to
say, that information was daily expected from Lord Gros% emir
on the subject, and he hoped the men would shortly be rein.
stated ; and on this ground he should move an adjonrument
until Wednesday, which was unanimously agreed to. Pre-
s ions, however, to the adjournment, tl grant of 101. was ordei ed
for the immediate relict' of the distressed families. We have
pleasure in ifanta, that Omagh the dismissal did actually take
place, it originated entirely in a mistake of his Lordship's
geo. Ibis Lordship had simply desired, that Isis workmen
should be encouraged to go to Church (instead of wasting their
time And spending their earnings idly on Sunilass ; his
aim Wionbi have been equally pined by pressing those of his
workmen, who were dissenters, to attend li, their own place of
worship; bur, the Agent taking the rem) iiiiii ndation in its
literal and illiberal sense, dismissed the latter. We under-
stand that orders have since been given by his lordship, that
no person shall be dismissed.or excluded from t mployment, on
account of his religious °Malian.
Monday night some miscreant tired a 4un into the chamber
indow of R. Bernard, Esq. the Mayor of Newbury ; the
charge of shot lodged a little :those Mr. Bernard's Lead, as he
lay in bed; but happily did no other injury. A reward of
Sall guineas is offered for the apprehension at. the s Rhin.

The following me. Aneholy accident occurred on Thursday
se'unight, at 4., liftuu :—As two young ladies, of the name of
Plunkett, whew. mother is residing in the York Crescent, were
taking an ailing %WI a female friend, in toie of the little low
%chick s draws by
siacka•ses, whirl' are new so much it,cll
b% invalids in that fashionable villuse, in turning the Curio r
near Vol k• place, the vehicle upset, and the youngest Miss
Plunkett (aged six ) ears 'l, was throw .1 under the vlarrls of
dung cart. pas.ing by it the moment, which paaseu over her,
14:44,1 causoil her itistautiusuous death.

181

from the LONDON GAZETTE, 7u-.;day, May 21.

BANK Rll'll Y 1+1711:1?Sr )ED.
W. QuAnTF. II MAN, 01 Oxfonlybreethea-ni.tker.

I!ANKHLTPTS.

R. BLAKEY. of I.eees. dzoivist„ June 10. se), .11.7 y 9, at the liothV
Le-As. Amt. Larnbcrtt and Co. Gra)'s-iiin..;guar:.
J. HEYS. of Manchester, ootton-.pion..r, inne lc IS, Ally D. at the
llrielgewther Arms. Marcheqter. Aces. Willi, and Co. Walsh:Pal-co.
J. Iln En L.row, of Wein:church, S.tiop, brews r. June let, 19. July V.
at the Red Lion, Whitelturch. Atts. Lows and Co. Te.mple.
J. GIT.T.MAN. of Hammersmith, innkever, Jun.: 1, a. July 9, at
(;iiildhall. Av. IV r...=l;pr.letrd, Ilyde-stmet.
,J. NVAIJCEP, of Alfriric. WorcesterJilm, timber-merchants, June 17;
111, July 9, at the Pack Ilutse Inn, Wore ester. Att. Mr. Beek
Brunt's-buildings.
J. AVILLIAIII3, of Coenhill. stationer. June 1, 11, July 9, at fiuildhall.
A tts. Pcurce and Sons, Swithin's.laae.
li. G. SMITH, of Norwich, victualler, June 01, IS, July 9. at Guild-
hall. Att. Mr. Whitton, Greet James-street.
H. citEsNEr. of High llolborn. fringe-manufacturer, J..lne 1, 15,
July o, at Gtaiklhall. Att. Mr. Phut, jtlew Roswtl7-court.
P. SUTTON, jun. of Bilittlinggi.ll. 41*-31111Cr, June 1, 11,
July 9, at Guildhall. tt. M. Nt'e.l.:ll, Nicleol.N.Jane.
VLATTS of fixtind-strect, r. Jtute 1, 11, July 9,. at
Guildlud. Att. Mr. Eldre.i. Middle 'letni.le.
I. M. SUM gIISET, of Marlborott.A. Wiltshirr, artbecarY.June.a.
6, July 9, at the Ca.stle Inn, 31arP,Jrtsugh.., Att. Mr. Eyre, (trayo4-

inn.rtitrre.
T. It i /ye.. of I.eicester. grocer, June 6,7, July 9, at the White Hirt,
Leto.:4er. Au. Mr. Taylor, John.t,treet.
G. !Imo:ann. of W:uttage. Berkshire, brewer, June 5,6, July o. 'at
the Crown & Thistle. Abingdon. Atts. Maw:we & Co. S 3 roond'a.inr.
J. SMI ret, of St. Sr:UM:A-lane, merchant. June 1, S, July 9, 'at
Guildhall. Att. Mr. Iturfts.t
T. NIA!: and J. IV tt ill:. of Old I iroa4-street..lnsurance.brok::rs, Jen.e

4, 11, July 9. at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Nind, Throgmorten-street.
J. HuNtr, of White Lion-court, merchant, June 8, 18, July 9, at
GuildbalL Au. Mr. Nind, Throgiuorton-street.
J. FURNISS' 1.);. Liverpool, eraper, June la, 19, July 9. at eld Bull
and Punch-bowl, Lit etTooL Alt. Mr. Cheater, Smple-inn.
.1. Hsu.' it. of Lotighliorough. and J. Os -e s. of Sileby. I.eicestimthire,
hobiers, June 6,7, Jul!, it the Whit • Hart, Leieeater. Att. Mr.
Makinson.Middle Tonple.
B. Illarosr, jmi. and G. I stit.tit,of Maniliester, warehoustimm. Jane
14, 10, Any 9, at tha Spread Eagle, Mandanter. Au. Mi. Wills.
worth, Gray's-inti-mivaire.
E. 110 MM N , of \ lorpeth, Northumberland, saddler. May St . Jona
July 9. at the George, Newcastle-upon-1)11v. Alta. Meggison, and
Co. Hatton-garden.
T. C. 1./orcst•ty.r.n. of Piccadilly. turner, June 1,8, July 9, at
Guildhall. Au. Mr. Coots, Austin-Friars.
P. E. Du VELEZ, of Size-lane. merchant. June 1. 8, July 9, at Guild-
hall. A. Mr. Crunch, Union-court, Broad-street.
B. ROYAL., of Wiakaapear'..-walk. victualler, June It, VP,
July 90at Guildhall. Au. Mr. Writ. Lion-,treat, \Yapping.

DIVIDENDS AT GUILDHALL.
June 22, W. and F. Coles and W. IVilliarnt, Miucing7lane, brokers.
June 25. P. I atscombe. Gravesend. tailor.
July 6. J. Nbenezer and A. Gairdner, Cannon-street, merchants.
June 25, W. Cottrell, Chichester. saddler.
June 22, K. St. Bathe. Cock-hil4 s'aip-chatfdPv.
June 4„1. Annals, Salisbury, limn-draper.
.Ruse 15, J. Field and %V. Street, Itticklersbury, statiwiera.
June 22, J. Hitch. Lloyd's Coffee-house, insurance-balker. •
June Is, T. Lansdale, Lower Brook-street, linen-draper.
June 11, W. Southey, Kennington-Line. eeals.r.
July 6, J. Hodgson, jun. Coleman-street. merchant.
June 24, M. Del Campo, ToLenhouse-yard, merchant. '. • •
.lime 25, D. and I). 'Verney. Coonnerinal-road, rope-maker".
July 9, W. Harrison and Ch. 'fower-sueet,tne.'rcliaqta.
June 22, J. Foreman, Sheerness. carpenter.
I June 22, IV. thiodyeer. Redford. innkeeper.
July 4. J. Weldon, Broad-etreet-buildings. merchant..
June itt, W. Spriggs, Bath ;aid Cheltenham, haberdasher.
DIVIDENIM IN TILE COUNTItY.
June 24, J. Bowker. of Taltorley, stay-maker, at Tarporlry.
June 21, Sherhrook, of I .eetle, merchant. at I .erds.
June 15, F.. hoar, of Blendworth, coin-dealer, at Portsmouth
June 25, .1. Ford, of Cley, clothier, at flunky.
June 21, P. Jones and W. Apple on, l.iverpoul, saddlers. at Livetetelet
June el. It. B. Eagles. of Coctl-eldu. provision-dealer, at Liverpool.
June 21, .1. M. Bennett. of Brnseley, niakster. at Madeley.
June 21. W. Morris, of eladeley Wood, brick-maker, at Nladelee.
June 2'i, C. Morrell and Co. of Liverpool, merchants, at Liverpool.
June 21, J. Whittle, of Liverpool. tailor, at Liverpool.
JIM 24, C. T. Raker, of Marlborough. draper, at Marlborough.
June 20, R. Pratt, of Coventry, bookseller, at Coventry.
June 14, J. Shepherd, of Marland-mill. cant-dealer. at Manchestere
July C. C. W. F. Walker, of Exeter, draper, at Exeter.
Jane 19, W. Grave, of Skipton, ironmonger, at Skipton.
CERTIFICATES, Just 18.—E. Jay, of Bradley, Suffolk,
J. (Benny, of Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell, watch-cas-inaker—E.
Cruttenden, of Sittinghourne, Kent, Sewell, of Lincoln.
wine-merchant—lt. 11:x111110nd jun. of Manchester, iron liquor-maker
—S. Burton, of Kingston-upon-Hull. confectioner—G. (ooper. feta
of Hinckley, Leicestershire, corn-factor—T. Horton. of Shrewsbury.
linen-draper—T. Warder, of Alderton, Gloucester. horse-dealer lt.
Dallett, of Merton, Surrey, farmer—J. Taylor, of Worship-street.
card-maker—T. Taylor. of Burgh. Litheilnshire, cunt-dealer—.l. V.
Ratcliffe, a Lower Temple-strut, Birmingham. plater.
PA EIISHIPS I.IISSt 11 .V 1:1).
.1. Clark and J. Griffiths, of Norwich, plane-makers.
R. Clay and CI% of Newbury. Berkshire. carriers.
W. A. D. Fothennghein and Co. of Plyniouth-dock, coal-merchants.
W. Carta right and Co. of Bewdley. Worceitershire, cider-merchant,..
J. and .1. Stable. of Skinner-street. leathersellers.
J. R. E. A. and F. Mangles and Co. of Wapp:nug. ship-chandlers. '
T. and .1. Marsden, of Wigan, Lancashire, butchers.
E. Lauber and G. Itisekstraw, Hatton-garden, upholsterers.

Extract of a letter from Paris, dated May 45.--
" You must know, that both the affair of Crenoble mmtl
that of Nistnes, are now repro►ented as not being the
result of a cora:piracy, but RR having origimtted in ac-
cident. The first of these is attributed to the arrest of
a highly-respected individual in the neighbourhood ,ef
Grenoble, whom the Prefect had ordered to be secretly
arrested by the Mayor; the latter having refwed,, the
Prefect desired him to invite the int:iv iduals in question
to the Prefecture, fin- the purpose of mere esplanade,.
promising he should not be• arrested. This promise wa',
however, hro en, and the peasants of the neighhourhooki,
informed of the circumstance, presented theiusely es, va-
riously armed, to the amount of I'4 or 1500, before Gre•
noble, for the purpose of demanding his release. They
were fired upon, and halve arose the recent disturbance
in that quarter. The massacre at Nisnies tegan at the
celebration of a Protestant's wedding. The parties were
grossly insulted by some Catholics: laws ensued.
The bridegroom fell in the affiay, and. in the result,
upwards of ICO persons, men, wt men, and children; ware
istasstwred. They also set Ere to his house.

152

From SATURDAY'S LONDON GAZETTE, Jane I.

BANKRUPTCY SUPF,RSEDED.
J. Amos, of St. Helen's-place, merchant.
BANKRUPTS.
J. W. Lmisoci, kite of Potter Ileigham, Norfolk, miller, June 7,
13, July 13, at the Steam Parket, Norwich. Atts. Egan and Co.
:ses-stree.t, Strand.
C. VON Hower sr. late of the East India Chambers, merchant, June
4, 11. July 13, at Guildhall. Au. Mr. Ilarkeu, Swithin's-lane.
W. MArrnEws. of Birmingham, plumber. June 20, 21, July 13. at
the Hratifonl Anna, Ivetsey Bank, Sualfonlshire. Atts. Swain and
Co. Okl Jewry.
T. HAYTON. of Liverpool, merchant, June 26, 27, July 13, at the
Star and Garter, Liverpool. Alto. Cooper and Co. Southampton-
laniklings, Chancery-lane.
Cowin.J. of Aldermanbtuy-posterti. jeweller, June 11, 29, July 13,
at Guildhall. Au. Mr. Towers, Castle-street, Falcon-square.
J. SHARPE. late of Market-Devping, Lincolnshire, Draper, June 11,
12,July 13, at the New Inn, Market-Deering. Au. Mr. Gaskell,
flolhorr-eourt, Gray's-inn.
T. YouNr.. of Seymour-place, Bryanstone-square, eow.keeper, June
8. 18..1u1y 13. at Guildhall. Atts. Jones A.. Co. Gt. Marvde-boor-st.
W. L. DttOUET. of Lime-street. ale-merchant, June 4, 11, July 13,
at Guildhall. Atts. Dolt and Co. Threadneedle-street.
J. AMYL!, of Tooley-street. ship-broker, June 4, IS, July 13, at
Guiklhall. Atts. Lamb and CG. Primes-street, Bank.
U. ROBEIITS, of Elder-street, Spitaltields. merchant. June 8, Is,
July 13, at Guildhall. Atts. Blunt and Co. Old liethlent.
J. NEW EY , of liarborne, Stallonlsnue. (kohl.. .411 y 1,2, 13, at the
Rhin Deer, Worcester. Atts. Hurd and Co. Temple.
1. Wrxxe, of St. Dominick, Cornwall, miller. June 11, 12, July 13,
at the Globe, Plymouth. Att. Mr. Brendon, Cursitor-street.
J. TAY Lon, sect. of Old-street, paste-board-manufacturer, June 8,15,
July 13, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Carter, Royal Exchange.
T. STuxr, of Sheerness, baker, June 8, 15. July 13, at GuildhalL
Att. Mr. Gregory, Prospect-place, Newington.
W. BARRER. of Bishop-Stortford, Hertfordshire, butcher, June 8, 18,
July 1'?, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Makin on, Temple.
W. A. Nob LK, late of Limehouar,brass.fountler. June 8, 18, July 13,
at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Pearson, Fen-court. Ecnchurch-street.
timsox, of St. George's-place, St. George'.s. iu the East, timber-
merchant, June 11, 18, July 13, at Guildhall. Att. 'Curley and
Co.

41. R. TAYLOR, of Sunderland near the Son, jeweller, June 17, 25,
July 13, at the Bridge Inn, Bishop-Wearmouth. Att. Mr. Blakis.
ton, Symond's-inn.
J. Crorzeit, of Maker, Cornwall, tanner, June 13, 14. July 13, at the
King's Anna, Plymouth Dock. Att. Mr. lelakinson,Midille-Temple.
TUCEEK, J. FENTON, and G. Maettow. of Sheffield, other-
platers, June 19. '2l, July 13. at the Tontine Inn, Sheffield. Atts.
Ti!son and Co. ('olenian.roaxt.
J. RUIN EY, of North Shields, ship-.owner, June 6. 17, July 15, at the
George. North Shielda. Atts. Mitchell and Co. Fowke's-buildings,
Tower-stret t.
N. FELL, of Bolton, Lancashire, cotton-merchant, June 12, 17, July
13, at the Bridge Inn, Bolton. Att. Mr. Meddoweroft. I.mmin's inn
J. Non cs. of Old Bond-street, whalebone-carriage-man ufact time, June
8,15. July 13, at Guildhall. Mt. ?.tr. Stevenson, Lincoln's-inn.
)3. IrE'ELT I NE, of Kingston-upon-Hull, merchant..lnne 7, IL July
130 the Georg., Kingston-upon-Hull. Att. Mr. Ellie, Chancery-la.
J. Com-it:R.of Bedford, Lancashire. muslin-manufacturer, June It.
It 7. July 14, at the (ledge Inn, Bolton. Att. Mr. Meddoweroft,
Lincoln's-inn.
DI VMENDS AT GUILDHALL.
June 22, J. A. Kelly and Co. of the Strand, saddlers.
June 20, 3. Scolcy, of Boswell-court, Carey-street, money-scrivener.
June 29, W. Dawson, of Fenclihreh-street, merchant.
June 26, T. Rickman, of Deal, coach-master.
June 22, 3. Walkor and G. Lame, of the Lord Melville, East India
ship. anerchants.
June 2.1. J. and J. T. Taylor, Upper Thames-street, iron-merchants.
June 22, J. Stevens and N. Baker, of Whitcomb-street, brewers.
June 8, W. Herman 2t. W. Cockerel, of Co lent-garden. hotel-keepers.
JIIVIDENILS IN TN G ('WJNTRY.
Zone 95, R. W. Lloyd, of Chester, wine-merchant, at Liverpool.
. June ES, T. F'otherley and Co. of Gosport. ship-chandlers, at Gosport.
nsfun 24, M. Wild, of Whitehaven, innkeeper at Whitetsaven.
jltins 24, I. Thompson. of Keekle.Grove, NVlStehaven, awl J. Thomp-
son, of Antil u.t. mershanm at Liverponl.
'June 25, D. Evans, of Watling-st. Salop, innkeeper, at Shrewsbury.
June 17, J. Neal,of St. Nicholas, Worcester, innholder, at Worcester.
.None 2't, 11. Horner, of Taunton, Somerset, linen-draper, at Taunton.
,June 535, J. W. Ashwell, of Colchester, grocer, at Colchester.
June 25, J. Graskell. of Wigan, Lencaster, flour-dealer, at Liverpool.
June 24, E. lioa;-, of Blendworth, Southampton, corn-dealer, at Portsm.
CERTIFICATES, .1 'nal: 2d. S. Bothwell, of Fenchurch-Areet,
rinter-W. Bourne, of the Town's-Mills, Bridgnorth, miller-T.
Vleatyaril. of Folitmell Magr.e. I )orst:t. ecaler-W. Tucker, of Engle-
lowly:. Devon. grazier-J. IlewlAt. of Birmingham,. innkeeper-G.
:Downs, of Osherton, Nottingham, farmer-IL Amos, of St. Bartho-
lomew's, Sandwich, dealer in cattle-W. Brown, of Little Maddcxl-
sitselt. Hanover-square. man's-mercer-J. Willis, of Fulham, molester
.-J. Nicholson, of Plymouth-Dock, woollen-draper.

PARTNERSHIPS LossoLvEn.
It. C. Dray and W. G. Ilarrisan, of Bermondsey, rope-makers.
'G. It. aid 11. Elm, of Warseick-eourt, Holborn, fur.manufarturers.
'W. nevi and C. limiter. of Bell-yard, & Fleet-street, law-hooksellera.
J. Dc Remy and C. J. I.ieury, otLondon, merchant&
4fi. Naylor and Co. of WhAelnareh, Salop, timber-m,rellants.
Holland, of ',milky. & J. Griffin, of Bit ;nin;Jiarn, (As:eh-proprietors.
W. hostir and Co. of Stourbridre, rpaile-numulataurcrs.
. •

$. Foster r.nd Co. of Stourbrichi-e,iion-masters.
J. lIaII ant: T. Bothwell, of guarlton, I.ans•a‘ter, cotton-spinners.
J. Reed and J. Turnbull, of Sunderland, harness-rnakers.
P. C. Bruce and Co. of Broad-street, inereliabts.
W. Binieson and T. W bite, of I,ondon. corn-dealers.
Vi bl and Co of Ilorsforth York, acribbling-millers.

T. Woodgate and Co. of Milton, Kent.
j ar.d D. Wvidc, Edward's-tdreet, Porn

..,.up!lohiterer9.

J. May ald G. Golding, of KnightsbridAv.livcry-uable-kt.p.as.
D. 1. and J. Frictimann. London, merchants.
W. lima..? and J. lien•ant, of Illoortichls, upholsterers.
T. Vernon, & F. Sunman, of Chureh-atreet, Bethnal-green, druggists.

PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS

701 TUE F.,. SUING WERE.

In eauseqverice of the numerous enquiries after the Comic Extrava-
enz:, of wt. f 1 IT NT E D TAI ho H. die Public are most respectfully
Informed. it will he performed every Evening during the week;
after the greatbt part of the present performance will be
withdrawn.

ROYAL A ',IPIIrrunATRE (ASTLEY'S) WESTMINSTER•

Nu ix:E.

Unl:r the P4trutuge of their Icoyaltlinfinecs the Prince Regent

• •
and Duke of Yo:k.
TO-114()RTIOVV, Monday, and durin!:,, the week, n
new intcrAting Sr:cteele, caltal ',111;.G MUIINOCII;
vici,l'oe Fatal Cl km. Fine time this Hco-on, filly and Mn.i Hutton's
journey to and fawn I Awdon 111 v. third. with the Eccenhiritim of
ttte f!TINT.',D 'FAI 1.011, • lkose 11011SFAIAN-
hy Jlr, His;rnw, ito•vr, 11rnwti. f;yronastic Priczicisec.
by " H 1111..t010 7, moni9!" A Hon.- by ',llr. Slntilan. To ant-
e trio wall ate Comic c: Ca..4IHIQIIXT wrrii THE
Tsui 7. l'he a for the I'•"4 to 1i: of Mr. g;rtoc:i, at the
• f 'ls it t1:1 :,.t !:
• • to :meal. ;;V:.

J.:! I"

THE NATIONAL REGIIRTER•

Tteatr? %Dual. Truro :Vane.
Monday—Bertram—The Woodman's Hut
Tuesday—Poor Gentleman—Past Ten o'Clock.
NVednesday—Every Man in his }I umour—Maidand Magpie.
Thursday—Bertram—"rhe Deserter.
Friday—Wild Oats—Leek and Key.

Theatre Sitbal, aeuntAarten.
Monday—Grecian Daughter—Silvestrr Daggt rwood—Forty Thieves.
Turiday—Begtor's Opera—The Pri/e.
Wedneeday—The Exile—Catherine and Petruchio.
Thuraday—Jealous Wife.
Friday—The Lord of the Manor—Tom Thumb.
Saturday—Venice Preserved.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON :
SUNDAY, JUNE 2.

PARIS, Dutch, and Brussels papers have arrived to
the 29th ult.
Didier has been sent to the French authorities at
Champarittat.
Twenty-one individuals, who have been arrested at
Paris for conspiracy, are to be tried at the Court of As-
sizes early in the present month.
The French Attorney-General, it is said, intends ap-
pealing to the Court Royal against the Chamber of Ad-
vocates, who decided in .favour of M. Berrver. Such a
proceeding will be most impolitic and unpopular. The
subject ought never to have been agitated; and now that
it is disposed of, ought not to be revived.
The King of Naples has been oblird to lay on extra-
; ordinary taxes, to raise the sums which he is bound to
pay by the treaties neguciated under the auspices of
Lord Exmouth. He had undertaken to pay the money
by the first of the present mouth.
Letters from the north of Germany mention incen-
diaries to have caused great destruction in several places.
In the Duchy of Brunswick there have been fires in
more than fifty villages, and several suspicious persons
have been arrested.

Accounts from Rome mention, that the eminence on
which the fowl► of Vasco was situated gave way and
sunk into an abyss. The Palace of the Prince, the maga-
zines of the marine, and a number of houses, no longer
exist. The country, covered with summer retreats, gar-
dens, and olive plantations, now ]'resent a desolate and
cheerless waste.

An article in the Paris Paper, mentions the acquittal
of k3erryer the younger, who was brought befbre the
Chamber of Discipline of the Order of Advocates, '
at the instance of the Attorney-General, fur opinions
delivered in his defence of General Cambrone, whi,•h
were thought repugnant to the principles of legiti-
nuu•y. The Chamber pronounced the doctrines
timate ; but acquitted the accused, from the conviction,
it is said, they felt, that he did not publish them as his
own sentiments. Another person, who undertook the
defence of l)rouot, was arraigned fir the same otfenee ;
but the Chamber dismissed the charge, upon the plea of
their incompetency to try an individual who did not be-
long to their Order.
Private Letters from Paris state, that Talleyrand has
tys decidedly fallen into disgrace at Court, as Fouche;
and that Blacas is about to be reinstated in place and
Royal favor. Macdonald and Gouvion St. Cyr are of the
Party of Talleyrand; but discontents and not conspiracy,
is the alleged character of their association. They di s-
' claim all revolutionary intentions ; but being themselves
of the Revolution, they are dissatisfied with the °When-.
tient of all Slices of that event.

The arrest of Caulaincourt, though repeated in some of
the private letters received from Paris, is doubted in
others. He was formerly Ambassador from Buonaparte
to the Court of St. Petersburg ; and if lie be really in
custody, it is supposed the Duke of Richelieu will interest
himself in his favour.

The French are expediting, squadrons for their different
Colonial Establishments. One for Pondicherry has
sailed from Brest ; and two others for Gaudaloupe and
Senegal, are on the point of departure. Count du Puy, a
Peer of France, is to be the Civil Gcvcrnor of the French
Establishments in the East Indies.

The person in custody at Perpignan, whom some of
the Paris Journals reported to be General Mina, turns
out to be an adventurer, who had assumed a military
character for the purpose, as stated, of swindling.
The marriage of the Duke and Duchess de Berry is,
it is said, to take place on the 17th of next month, at Notre
Dame.

Gen. WoronzoiT; who commands the Russian contin-
,7nt in France, has arrived in Paris. His journey, in
ail probability, has been occasioned by the late disturb-
ances.

The Brussels Papers contain some curious particulars
of the conspiracies which have agitated France. A staff
officer has been arrested, on whom was fiamd a ring, on
which a flower was engraved, containing a portrait of
young Napoleon, a small rani with a number and the
. _

ermu—la of an oath. The enquiry excited by the eirelon-
stance produced a discovery, that there existed a society,
aupposel to have for its object rica•e hostile to the tran-
quillity of the State. Upwards cf :bree hundred cf the
Members have hem arrested, among whom is n rentun
'•- -I.: 1.7' F

w'•r. w

k:hp, in I :e (.;

JUNE fe.

The Americmi Papers my, that a Citizen of the United
States, an intriguing fellow, has contrived to have him-
self placed us clerk to Buonapurte at St. Helena.

A 1-lamburgh mail has brou,lit is Pap2rs and Letters
to the 25th ult. The report of a contagious disorder is
at Norway is contradicted.

Russia now considers Poland as within her frontiers.

Joseph 13tionaparte's diamonds sell but heavily at Stut..
gun]. His sister's claims to property in Italy are likely
to fail.

We have sometimes had occasion to notice the wisdom
and good feeling of Pope Pius in the government of his
dominions us a temporal prince ; and we consider him
as desirous of rescuing his subjects from the arm of op..
Olstssion, both in ecclesiastical and civil juriidietions. In
this spirit, he lately abolished the application of torture
in the Inquisition, and has since forbid the loss of life
and limb. In stating this, with the approbation we
could not fail to feel, we might have expressed our wish
also, that he had entirely abolished that tribunal, most
impiously called the Hot,y Office. Rut it would be silly in
the extreme, and pernicious to the gradual improvemena
of men in their political anti so.ial condition, to view
with an evil eye even the slow aivanee of Governments
toward the reform of the grosser abuses that continue to
exist in civil and ecclesiastical institutions. We hail the
good done ; and we augur future, and even rapidly in-
creasing good, from these first imperfect fiiotsteps. The
sound of them is upon the earth ; and we hope they will
increase, till no cry of cruel persecution is heard among
civilized nations. We can excuse and sympathize with
those who impatiently view the slow progress of this
better order of things ; but we b;7; them to consi-
der, that they may greatly impede it. by their very im-
patience.

A letter from Lord Exmouth to the Kinn, of Naples,
dated Algiers, states the conclusion of a Treaty of Peace
on behalf of that Sovereign, with the Dey of Algiers,
and for ransoming the Neapolitan slave : and also that
the Dey had pledged himself to put an end altgether to
the system of Christian slavery The latter branch of
the agreement is an important change operated in favour
of humanity. The ransom of the slaves is not very pa-
latable in some parts of Italy in consequence of addi-
tional taxes being imposed, to raise the money that is re-
quired fur this purpose.
Another of the petty States of Italy (Tuscany)
has made a Treaty with the Hey of Tunis ; by which
the trade of Leghorn will be secured from further de-
predations.

Extract of a letter from Lloyd's Agent at Marseille.,
dated May 18.--"'[here was a violent insurrection at
Tunis the beginning of this month. The insurgents
killed the Bey, and offered the Throne to his brother, who
refused it. Fearing they were betrayed, they got pos-
session of the Galeta and Forts by stratagem, and spiked
the guns ; they then took possession of five corsairs,
armed with 10 and '2O guns each, viz:—one brig, of 20
guns and 170 men; one brig of IS guns • and two
schooners, of Pi gimp, with which they saded, taking
with them a very rich booty and several of the principal
people. It is uncertain where they arc gone, but it is
supposed to Constantinople."
The Pilgrim merchant ship, which is now in the
River, bound for Sierra Leone, carries out two Serjeants
of the Guards, six Corporals, three Serjeants, and a
Corporal of the Corps of Artificers, who are going As
join Major Peddle, in his commendable expedition for
exploring the interior of Africa. 'These men, who
have been selected fof their courage and good conduct
in the campaigns of the Peninsula, are to have.—the
Serjeants 1000, and the Corporals 500 dollars each,
which, in case of the death of any of them upon service,
will be received by his family. They arc a fine set of
men, andappcar to lie well qualified for such anenterprize,
upon the prospect of which they are in excellent spirits.
In the same ship go a Lieutenant in the African corps
and two Staff Surgeols for Goree. There are also
some merchants going in her, in charge of merchari-
dize, with which they are to trade with the Africans,
consisting cf trinkets, beads, calicoes, stub, and orna-
mental articles.

Lord Castlereagh will, it is thought, he removed to
the House of Peers : and Mr. Canning will assume the
lead on the Ministerial side in the House of Commons, io
the ensuing Session of Parliament.
Mr. Canning, after landing at Plymouth on Sunday
afternoon, set off about five o'clock fur Salttam, where
we understand he will continue a few days on a visit to
the Enid of Morley, pravions to coming to town.
Lord Binning has aceepted the office of one of the Com•
missioners for the Ail:airs of Julia.
Prince Blucher is at tiv. w.lters of Carlstadt on account
of his health, which is nut yet re-established.

. - -
We understand, that the arrtrtements for the mar-
riage of the Prineem4 Mary and the Duke of Gloucester
have been Zap.lly detwr.iool up.n.

Letters from Nladrel of the 12. h inst. mentions that
the intenlea martinges arc thr the ;.resent suspended, and
the ostensible reason given is, tis t the aloess crf the Prin-
cess Car.bita has prevented the sailing of her (laughter
ot the Brasils. •
Wt hear ih.it Vicut. Gen. the Enri of Dill.housle is
G-v,.-rer .f N v.t c'e C 111-I.ln-Icr of

:NO I.
