ITE,NATTONTAT, RFGTSTER.

err. g•

tecte(l, mid that ftnl the public buildings were destioyed by

our troops, the enemy having set fiie to their own arsenals
and 'hipping These can be no doubt as to the tight of a
'belligerent to inflict all the injury in bii power on an enemy,
and the proceedings at Washington were not carried beyond

what cußtnm his warranted in war ; but had the chastise-
ment been more sevese, had it even me, ited the ckaractet

which the Paris Journalist has app ted to it, the strociiies
committed by the Ann-dean Generals on the borders of Ca-
nada, where they mercilessly bui nt whole towns to the
ground, exposing their wretched inhabitants to the miseries
of an inclement season and a dreary wilderness, would have
been a sufficient apology. The intelligence from 111adrid is
to the Ist ult. The rash measures of the Covet nment
begin to encounter oppo-ition, even from the class of cour-
tiers.---Two Members of the Supreme Council of Castik,
Counts del Pinar and L 4 Salim appointed to the ext.aordi•
wiry Commission which is to try the liberates, have refused
the office.

• Thursday Pails Papers were received to Tnestiay last,
and also Frankfort and Brussels Journals. They all refer to
the approaching Congress of Vienna, and mention the ar-
rivals of dibtinguislted personages in that capital. The
King Of Wurtembuig entered Vienna in state on the Tid.
The Emperor went to meet him, and br.th Monarchs made
their solemn eotry in the same carriage. The King of Den-
mark ai ioved on the "Arne day, and received similar honours.
(in the pm cue, ding da:. the Emperor was invested with the
Eni.;lish older of the airter ; the ceremony appears to
have been grand aria imoosing; anti every thing was arrang-
ed to shew, that great value was atta' her! to the distinction,
Great uneasOiess ap *ears to he felt by the French Govern-
ment at the circulation of political pamphlets. It is stated
that several hookselers and hawkers have been arrested fur
belling libels, and it is afterwards observed, that the writers
of seditious works are • trying to mis'ead the public mind.
These articles in 'the public papers sti ongly confirm !he re-
ports of extensive discontents throughout France ; and pri-
Vate letters state that there is a very considerable fermenta-
tion in Paris. Regret continues to be expressed at the
separation of the NetherlandsTrom F;ance, and the assertion
of the desire of the Belgians to belong to that country is re-
pealed.
Col. Malenfaut, a proprietor in St. Domingo and ex•
delegate of the French 'Government at Surinam, has pub-
lished a me.noir on the conquest of St. Domingo, in which
he recommends mild measures, as the only ones from which
any hope of success can be entertained. He does not believe
that the negroes will ever be reduced to slavery ; and his
plan is to leave the command of the north to Christophe, of
the south to Petion, and tri give the west to a French Cap.
fain-General ; and thinks that this would be the means of
bringing the whole in a few years under the command of a
svtii•e. Ferhapt this might be the case if the French Go-
•.
.
yei mnent procecilee in !vent good faith ; but the negro chiefs
have too much jealoiny and good sense to be tricked. The
only method which. appears to us likely to pain St. Domino
to Louis XVIII. is totailv to abolish slavery, and to confirm
to the Negro C.iicrs: Nolititu and GeOtiy, the estates they
ricw hold, in the same manner as the Chkrv, Nobility and
Gentry, of the Revolution, have been lately confirmed in
their estates. -

The situation of the principality of Neufchatel is sing,ular ;
though subject to` the King- of rrussia, it is become a men

tier ()f the. Swiss Confederacy : -and this arrangement iQ
stated to be adopted with the full approbation of the amia-
ble Monarch, who wi,sl,es to be' regarded as r
the nrotect,);•,
gather than the ruler of Neufchatel.

el

A mail from lianiburgh arrived oo ‘V,..thief,dav
The Emperor of ltusaia left Petershorgh for Vienna on t! e
I3th tilt. Setting out on a otiio!, for the tori,o!ida,ion
peace, hi< Maje.ty very vvi'.ely and bunianeiv " made strait:lit
the way hi fo: e !Inn" by a; is of clemency anti justice, by
mercy to the offending, and by reward* to the de,erving.
lie conferred honows upon all who had contributed to the de-
fence of the country—he pm cloned 4il who hal beeo
sorted or banished for having had connexion with ilit• enemy
—he forgat e all debts to the government m1(4.1.'2000 roublcs
—he orened the pritwn (lows to all i tit murderum
nul robbers—he mitigated the sentences vf iI condemncd

to death he released big vast territories frolA all levy of te-
cruit, for this year and pet haps the next•— he sent tnagniii-
rent, though meriied precuts to the widow and daughters
of Prince Nutosow : and having i:nrlored iu his Cathedra
the blessing and protection of God, 1:e set IA th on his jour-
ney to Vienna.

Extract of a Letter from iTamhunth, (hied Sent. 27 :
" On Sunday evenng his Royal iii!2,liness the Duke of Cam-.
bridge, with his Suite, arrived at Wideman's Russian llotel,
on the Ladies' Walk, where Mr. J. Thornton, the merchant,
had provided accommodwions fur this P nice. Ile wAs re-
ceived by the venerable 13ennigen, and at eight o'clo:lc.
went to the Theatre, where the pet format-sec had been post_!
Boned for mare than two hours on account of his late ar-
rival. The Ilatnhurgh " God save the King," was s:ne.iii
grand style. On Monday his Hort' reviewed
cavalry and artillery of the army of Poland, and on Tric:;dav
the inrannv, in lloly Ghost Field. In pa-sing the lines, ac-
companied by General Bennigsen on his left hand. and :,oine:
hundred oflicrrs, he was cheered by the soldiery ; and on
returning to town, on both days, the shouts of acclamati,,rt
from the asseniked crowd were beyond description. At
half-past twclve the whole cavalcade went to St. Michaf. is
Church, where divine service Nvai performed by tin (.e Rus-

sian Piicsts, dressed in the canonicals of the Greek Cli..ccll,,
the service being. preceded by some vocal music by tibia
Ruscian Soldiers."

It is said that Ple,toff has received his Imperial Majesty's
orders to halt in Poland, whet e be is to hove ti,r3 con maid
of 90,000 Cossacks. The Emperor of Itussil, if this be trite,
expects that thing will not he arranged at the Congtess sa
quietly as could be*wishcd.
A treaty of peace was signed on the 95th of Aug. between
Prussia and Dcumaik. It appears t!rat the latter is to ohlrin,
an indetnuity for the surrender of Norway, besides Potrt.-:.:
rania, which has already been ceded to it by -;wctien.
The Swi,s have at len:: h agreed to a fedet al compact.
On the S!h ult. this important document was signed by Oh..
Deputies of all the nineteen Cantons at Zm ich. It is sa:d
I that some distutbances prevailed son c days :tier in the Ois-
trict of the Te.sino : but it. is to be hoped that a ,h-Ht !ime
I will see all cause fin thi.se troubles removed, ard the wi:olo
Confederation occupied only bv the common tale of its owia
, preservation. (flte quotas of the respective cc nringents itit
men and money are fixed for the put sent. subje. t to anutral.
I revision. The vrhole at med force is to be 30,000 men, and
the contribution for its support 490,000 francs.
1 . Killg ioacltini, of Naples, is said to have been shot at by a
soldier, whilst 'reviewing his troops, by whirl) an Ai-de (WAPir
close at his side, was severely wounded. tiurat hirn,el
escaped unhu, t.
Thz Princess of \Vales and the Archduchess 704ria
LouVa, the ('r-&,,,v! f:rwress, had both arrived a: ':;,ritc.
- The Archduchess :.l aria Louisa has retemed het. !uter:
coutse with the Illona!:a:te lunity. 'ller Imper4ti lli;huLsi
ii szi,l to have paic: 4 ev:-al vi,its to Joscith and Louis.

~"
a
