1L:::17:'.7.r.D IN LAST GAZETTII,

DIVIDENDS.
W. l'Kenzie. St. rain, Covent garden, rceretrzt, May 11.
It. Nash, Kingaton-upon-Thiunes. seed cz a.r.er, Feb. 20.
G. Milne, Broad Street. merchant. Feb. 20.
J. Smart, Kingsgate Street, Holborn. irunmotger. Feb. 20.
C. Ccles and b. Gilpin. Fleet Street, Stationers. Fat. 2G.
G. Franks, Redcreas Street. batter Feb.2o.
G. Chauner, Sut'on. Middlesex, merchant, Feb. EL
J. 11. Lot, Milloan, Poplar. Roman Ce:nent manufacturer,

Feb. t 3.
A. Macknair, Queen Street, Golden Square. bookbinder, Feb. 20.
R. Dudley, Dudley, Worcestershire, thread manufacturer, Feb. 22.
S. Cockburn, High Street, hlarylebone. merchant, Feb. 2d.
J. Kirlanide, South wait*, Cumberland, cattle dealer, hatch 25.
Win. Crampton, 13Mitingbara, Nouinghamahire, hem dealer,

March 157 -
T. rear..on, Pennybriage, Lancashire, flax spiner, Feb. (16.
Z. Gregory, Aston. W arwicksisire, builder. Feb. X:".
W. Fennell, jun. Queenhithc, merchant. March u.
H. Hughes. Manchester, grocer, Feb. 23.
lionywill, Bath, brandy increhaat, Feb 21.
B. Jacob, 11.trtholentea, clone, merchant, March C.
J. E. Share, Fleet Street, shoemaker, Feb. 20.
J. Balmer, City Chambers. Bishopsgate Street, merchant, Feb. O.
E. Hannum, Threadneedle Street, ship broker, Feb. to.
J. Hubert,. Wood Street, Spitalfields suanufseturez, Feb. C.
T. Thompsar, sen., E. Thompson. and T. Thompson. jun, Nether
Compton, llorsetshire, flax spinners, Feb. rt.
J. Wight, Birmingham, ir.kstand manufacturer, Feb. 2!.
J. Rmrlatt, Clarterhouse Square, merchant, Feb. 20. .
C. Cox. Portsmouth, paii.ter, Feb. 23.
Ormerod, Laneli;acl, Lancashire, innholder, March L
T. Dickson, talcknell hall, Cumberland, ruiller.Nlandi2 15.

- - ---- • -
CERTIFICATES—Feb. 20.
J. Graves, Southwark, hop and reed merchant:
13. Meath, lircntford, bout and shoo maker.
S. Humble, Liverpool, hop factor.
J. Hughes, Liverpool, druggist.
3. Walutilley, Saltfurd, Lance hire, cotton twist ar.d waft dealer.
W. Sturman, York Street, Southwark gunmaker.
C. F. Villiers, Ladbury. Herefordshire, druggist.
J. Whitford, Black Horse Yard, High Holborn, coach smith.
J. H. Langdon, Windsor Place., City Road, carpenter.
J. Emery. Morrey, dutifordsisire, tape manufacturer.
C. I.4.eni. jun. China Terrace, Lainsb. eitAioneer.
1. Dicken, Litz:id:4k c...eton cud worstead spinner.

Vv.% the LONDON GZZETTE, Tuesday, re

BANKRUPTS.

J. Towuy. jun. Blanciftud Forum, Dorset. stone mason. Att. I'. r,

Dean. Guildford Street.
J. Towsey. jars. and S. Lloyd, Blandfard Forum. dealers. Atto
Wilson and Co. Uneuln's Lan h tel.! d.
T. Thoinpoon. Hattibleton. Lancaster, tanner.
John Street, Bedford How.
J. M. Morgan, G. Al. Morgan, and 11. Morgm, Bell Sanvage
Yard, Ludgate Hill, stationas. Atts. J. and A. Smith, 134t.A
Street, Salitlwry Square.
J. Feulerton, Upper Bedford Place, Bloomsbury Siloam, merchw,
Ant. Knight ar.tl Co B4singliali Street.
J. li. Wilbern, Dods Head, Sung. distiller. Atts. BL.ckstock 4
Co. Ttnyle.
J. Ilentby, Liverpool, merclant. Atts. Allingtan ant Co. Berlf,:d
How.
C. Alottram, Pinnate Hall, Winehesta meet, merchant.
Stratton and Co. Skoreluch.
J. Nekoosa, Dcbtford, maltster. Atts. Fa:other rail Co. London
Street, Penclturch Street.
M. Hatterslej, Hilton with Hanegat; York, hate: keeper. A:ti.
Alexander and Co. New

Att. Mr. Norris,

DIVIDENDS.
D. Sarah, Hounsditch, apothecary, reb. 27.
.1. Dodds, Alner,gate Street, galdunith, Feb. 27
eV. Bush, S.iffrou Walden, F.,seit. Carpenter, Feb. 27.
W. roister, St. Martin's lute, slriersinith, Feb. 17.
T. Battelle. Alderagate Street, wine merchant, Feb. 27.
J. Y. H. Hagedorn, Old Brost Street, ibeichant, Feb. 27.
J. Mitchell, Tic;Jield, tout haniptoin litiendraper, a 5.
M. A. Watson, Farehani SouthAmmon, mercer, if..
J. Midtilehurst, Liverpool, corn dealer, Nub. vti.
J. :).vies, Wens, holuei,et, cabinet maker. Feb. 25.
J. Ilarnbricli,,e. Bum on tae Wold, Gloucester, currier, Pb.,
J. Walmalev, SAltord, Lancaster, cotton twist dealer,
A. B. PrencL, Did youth Sea House, Old Broad Sacet. m•
Feb. lb.
P. Giblett, New Bond Street, and W. Giblett, MickleS.
Hertford, butcher. Feb. 27.
T. Pliilipps; J. Philipps, :mid J. Philipps, Old City Chamber
mei ciknts, F. 6. 27.
I. Hill, Brad web, Derby, baker, Feb. 24.
t. Vdretv, Churlwell, York, cloth hierehant, Feb. 27.
L. H. H. G. Constant, ‘Vellehrs2 Sipiare, sugar refiner. Feb. a 7.
It. Randall, (internal% Street, Mlackweil Flail cater, Feb. 2J.
J. Macke.orilL Working, stationer, Feb. 2.
H. Dosser, Bruton Strixt, lionJ Street, winner, Feb. 27.
It. Swain, and W. Herbert, Wood Street., Cheapside, aa4nufac
titrere,lolal..:i 1.
C. A. Phil'''. and T. Philipps, Milfotd, Pembroke, baake.r.
Feb. 27. •
J. T. Deal. Shaftesbury, Dorset, brewer, Feb. 27.
May. Y. Stiat.l), a 41.11.11, I.lveri teal, upholsterers, Neb. kb.
G. Junta, A.,turi, Warwick, gun :esker, Feb. 27.
CEA rmicATEs—veb.r.
W.. 1. Bannock. lautnan.wall, Bread Street, wee:Lower.
W. prier, Minorirs. tea denier.
W. ll.tfiatt, S;rliieldr, cattle dealer.
J. Kirkman, Lily head, brewer.

.1,1 II

FED. 7.

Ala JOHN %7.INCLAIR'S PLAN FOR CULTIVA-
TING THE WASTE LANDS.

There are no circumstances connected with the ex-
iAing state of this country, which are so peculiarly clis-
eraceful to its internal policy, or so hostile to its most
essential interests, u the vast extent of Waste Lands
every where to be met with; anti the multitudes of poor
who are destitute of employment, and a burthen on the
community. That many of these wastes will require
much labour and expence to cultivate them, mast be ad-
mitted ; and that many of these unfortunate individuals
now unemployed, are incapable of doing much work,
more especially in labour out of doors, must likewise be
acknowledged ; but when the subject is thor surlily in-
vestigated, it will not probably be denied by the candid
and impartial inquirer, that if a portion of the poor, mhA
are now in a state of perfect idleness, were employed in
cultivating portions of our waste lands, now in a barren
and useless slate, much public benefit might be expected.
'fo explain how that can best be accomplished, is the
.object of the following hints.
Several years have elapsed since the author of this
paper wit, first led to discuss Otis most interesting sub-
ject.* His attention, however, has of late been more
yarticularly called to it, in consequence of the church-
wardens and overseers of one of the most populous pa.
tittles iu London ( Nt. Martin in the fields) requesting
his opinion, On the practicability, and the probable
advantage of tuft directing the labour of the poor to the
cultivation of the waste lands throughout the country ;
and whether a considerable number of the able poor
might not be profitably employed in carrying nu some
great agricultural object, so as to render vs indepen-
dent of foreign supplies for subsistence."
In answer to that application, it was briefly stated,
that no doubt could be entertained, as a general maxim,
that the best source of occupation, for the greater pro-
portion of the idle poor, is the soil. That if the poor
are employed in mannfactures, or in making up manu-
factured articles. as shoes and clothes, with which the
market is already supplied, they must interfere with the
indsstry of other workmen, who would soon be reduced
t) poverty ; and thtt, consequently, mischief rubes
than good would arise from such a system.—Whereas,
while there are such extensive tracts of waste land all
over the kingdom, and more especially in the neigh.
bourhood of the setropolis, and while we arc tinder the
necessity of importing food from other countries, our
agriculture cannot be too much extended.
The author then added, " 1 know that gnat pre-
judices are entertained against the employment of the
poor in husbandry; but that is altogether owing to the
want ofinformation and of experience. Those who have
examined the husbandry Renders, must have seen
how much manual labour is there employed in cultiva-
tion. Parochial farms are successfully carried on in the
neighbourhood of CranbrooPr, in Sint, an account of
..vhich I transmitted to the Secret Committee on the
Poor Laws.;t and if our fields were cultivated it the
ga:den style, the increased produce would amply defray

the additional expense."
That in agricultural parishes, the poor may i van-
:zgeously employed in the cultivation of the soil," ?seems
row to be generally recognised ;:+; but the plan which 1
propose submitting to the consideration of the public, is
cf a more extensive nature. The position I wish to es-
tablish is this, " That as the poor in the metropolis
and in large towns, cannot be alvantageously employed
an trades and other manual occupations, withont injury
to others whose rabsistenca depends upon their labour ;
kence, it has become a matter of absolute necessity,
either to maintain them w:thout employment, or to
tad the able-bodied tc work in the fields, both for
raising food, anti for producing materials for tuanufac-
ure (as flax ), more likely to interfere with foreign
shin dorne.stic industry, and in which the more infirm
uor might be employed in workhouses, and that by the
loption of such a system, the burthen of maintaining
tae pour will be materiily diminished."
In discussing this subject, it is proposed to consider
tie finlowing paints : 1. To what extent is manual la
I•,•ur applicable to the cultivation of tho soil ? 2. What
is the probable number of persons maintained Ey the
;ner rates in Lcndon and its vicinity, who could be
-ascfully employed in carrying on some great agricultm
pal improvt went ?—and, S. What wontil be the boa
plan fur carrying such a measure into effeet?
:. To what extent is munuallabour applicable to tt
r:itivatiqn.of the soil ?

This is a eit7jcet that Ills frequently been (liseurme
.111 works on Agrieulturc :§ but understanding that Mr,
FALL, an emiuent nurscyiaan at Gatc*h:tatl, uear New

• See the ItPory of Mc ffrventie, 3d edition, vol. iii. p. ?IC.
anno iso.s, wilere there is it plan for -en.ployitte, the poor,
.n etc cultivation of wage land 4, a:al in repa.rial the highways
of the kin,:dorn.
t See b•. r R.-port of the Select Cornmttoo on the Pao • Laws,
eta. Isi7, -lppent;t:c G. No. 2. p.
"Ht country parish-s, agriculture furnishes m
tr,e ttl soiree of entiloyluent; tor. 1;114 *.
of sub tin:reify increased. yet the 4:ultivatic of t.
yould more than conipewated for any dimb•.utioti ie the
of hi• prn4uer, by the corresnondlng dunir.ation of tiic
of n-alin.Uraig Lis,family atttl labciuraz, more naii.;a:u.
riduction hour rate."—Sc.: valusible.P.cpo“ tt Lao hu.a
1-m6, anu. i . 19.
tin Grui.r.il rivort of ScotLintl, vol. ii. p.terz, where tb:,re
.ntentiir,ectior.--oa ireriehin;; Land.; slho.tto Cede ca.k.gficultlare,
y. !St: urtl p.TSly.3:t a.

tin: Grin

:114 0 CI

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

castle, had recently paid particular attention io the
cultivation of land by manual labour, I applied to him
for the result of his experience, which he communicated
with the greatest reatljness. Ile states, that on an
average, it has been ascertained, that three men, and
two women or gi;ls (being about the proportion of the
two sexes employed on nursery ground), taking the
year round, will work about ten statute acres, in the
propoi tion of about 2 1-3 d acres for a man, and 1 1-3tl
acres for a woman. But a nursery, in all its optrations,
takes a great deal more work than ground for agricul-
tural purposes, in which, he thinks, a man may be able
to cultivate five acres in a year.
At the rate for digging in the neighbourhood of
Newcastle, a man may earn 2s. per day, and the five
acres may be done in 82 days and a half. The same
period of time will be required for manuring, sowing,
and planting hi' crops, and 14S days may be employed
in hoeing, weeding, and other operations, nicking in
all 313 working days in the year. The whole may be
done, without any improper degree of exertion, by a
man of medium strength.
Tim profits derived from spade-husbandry are cer-
tainly very considerable. By transplanting wheat,
there is a great saving of seed ; and the ground being
in perfect order, from the superior culture it has re-
ceived, the increase is great. The average produce of
wheat in England is only at the rate of 20 bushels
per sere, whereas Mr. Falla finds, that trenched land
will yield more than double. But, supposing the
produce to be only 40 bushels at 10s. per bushel, that
wou:d amount to 201. per acre, and after amply in-
demnifying every possible expellee would produce a
large profit. The crops of potatoes, carrots, flax,
hemp, Swedish turnips, and other articles raised by
spade husbandry, would likewise be very great. The
use of the plough was certainly an immense improve-
ment when first introduced; and it must always be
applicable to a very large proportion of a country,
owing to the scarcity of hands. The advantages
th-
rived from it, however, were formerly more con-
siderable, when horses were bought for a trifle, and
when their provender was cheap ; Ina since their
price has become so great, and their maintenance so
very high, it is evident that the expen3e of horse
and of manual labour more nearly approach each
other. To bring land into a state for cultivation,
trenching will require perhaps 51 and even upwards
per acre ; but to carry o:1 its cultivation afterwards may
be done, even in the neighbourhood of the Metropolis,
at from 50 to 60s. per acre : the ploughing of which
would cost from 15 to 203. • but once digging is con-
sidered to be equal to two ploughings, consequently the
difference of expense is not so material, while 11": pro-
duce is double; and in some case. 4, more than one crop
may be obtained in the same year.
There can be no doubt, therefore, that the manual
labour may be advantageously employed in the cultiva-
tion of the soil. . .

2, What is the probable number of persons maintain-
ed by the Poor rates in London and its immediate vici-
nity, who could be employed in carrying on some greet
agricultural improvements?
This is a question that is not easily solved, and which
would requ.re a good deal of investigation accurately to
ascertain, but the number must be very great, and
when it is considered that besides able-bodied men, a
large proportion of women, and even some children,
might be employe, there would be no difficulty in end-
ing in London and its vicinity, from fifteen to perhaps
twenty thousand persons who might be employed in
various departments connected with the cultivation of
the soil, and preparing its prodactions for use.
Besides mere digging, a variety of operations might
be executed by manual labour, as collecting manure,
transporting it in barges up the River, conveying it to'
the fields on portable iron rail-ways, transplanting the
crops, hoeing and weeding them, cutting down er reap-
ing them, thrashing by hand-mills, and grinding the
wheat by the flower mills, so strongly recommended by
" The Society Of Arts. " In short, the employments
which agriculture furnishes are numerous and unceas-
ing. In order to employ a greater number of people, if
the eiitaato and the soil of the land brought into culti.
vation were suitable, hops might be raised, which its
favourable seasons would be highly productive.
Another material object would be, the culture of flu,
in the manufacture of which the al and the infirm
might be employed in workhouses. This plan is suc-
cessfully envied into effect in the workhouse at SL
Martin-hi-the-Fields and six or seven others; and if
the raw material could be procured in sufficient quan.
tities, the importation of foreign flax or linens would be
no longer necessary. Considerable quantities of hemp
might likewise be raised.
3. What would be the best plait for currying such a
measure into effect/

There is no doubt, that in so opulent a city as that
of London, a large sum might be raised, to carry nu
,itch a plau, without any thought of profit or interest.
But thcre is not the least Geession for any individual
;My him) lie may be inclined w subscribe for so
use.f.a a parlays:. On •the contrary, if properly ma-
iugrd, -a TOUSI prove .s vcry beneficial concern. Ns
.r.n be laid cut with ..rur profit than the

improvement of the soil. The :pallor of this paper
purchased an estate for 8,5001. and improved se) much
its value, that it sold for 40,000 L He let a farm,
about twenty years ago, for 1821. per annum, which
was likewise so much improved, under his directions,
that it sold lately for 18,2001._ These arc facts which

are within his ow■ knowledge, and cannot be con-
troverted. If such beneficial improvements could be
effected 700 miles distant from the metropolis, what
may not he accomplished in its immediate vicinity ?
Any idea, therefore, that the proposed concern may
prove a losing one, ougkt not to be entertaincd for a
moment.

The following heads, on the whole, are suggested
as a foundation for the propscd Institution :-
1. That the Society shall be called " The Royal Agricultural
Cumpany, for the Improvement of the Waste Lands of the King-
dom, and Promoting Domestic Colapization ; " of winch its
Royal Highness the Prince Regent be requested to he the patron.
R. That under the authority of Parlament, the sum of ore
million (or any other stun adequate for the purpino be raised by a
Joint hock Company, in shares of 501. each, or 20,000 shares in
all, for promoting m beneficial an object.
3. That the management of the concern be confided to a rresident,
four Vice Presidents, fifteen Directors, five Trustees, three Audi-
tors, &Treasurer, an Accountant, and such other °dicers as may be
judged necessary.
4. That the auto to be raised shall be paid by regular instalments.
ten pounds at the time of subscribing, and tea pounds every six
months afterwards, a; the same may be required.
5. That land shall be rented or purchased, either front the
Crowe, or from private individuals, to such an extent as the capital
of the Company will enable it effectually to caltivate.
6. That convenieot accommodation shall be provided is the
neighbourhood of the land brought into cultivation, where the
Directors and other Members of the Company may reside when-
t'lcy are desirous of seat-Main the progress of the undertaking.
7. That a regular account of the improvements earned en shed/
be drawn up, and submitted to the consideration of his Royal
Highness, the Patron, and of both Houses of Par Lament, and
likewise printed for the inflirmation of the Members of the Company
and of the public at large.
ti. That the accounts of the Company shall be annually audited.
and opened to the inspection of all concerned 7 and that after the
first year of actual cultivation, a dividend of s per cent. or whatever
sum the profits of the concern may yield, shall be paid to tine
su'osaibers.
9. That a negotiation shall be entered into with the Church-
wardens and Overseers of the several parishes of London and its
vicinity, respecting the number of poor they can respctively famish.
and the various attacks they will purchase from the Coilipany ; and
that thuse parisheri be preferred who offer the most advautageoue
Lime to the Company.
10. That a Meetinz shall be called fur taking the above plea into
emsideration, and for presenting a petition to Parliament, far
erecting the proposed Company into a Corporate Body.
It cannot be too much inculcated in favour of any
plan for employing the poor in husbandry, that there is
this essential distinction between it and every other
mode of occupying them, that by cultivating the soil,.
FOOD, the great object of human labour, is directly oh..
table I ; while, by industry of any other kind, it can only
be procured indirectly, and by means of exchange.
In regard to the minutiae of the plan.—the district'
where the laud is to be rented or purchased ;—thc
inks necessary to accommodate the labourers;;--the man-
ner in which 'hey are to be paid or inain.ained ;—the
nature of the crops to be cultivated ;—the manner in
which the produce is to be disposed of:—:.cod other
minute particulars, it would be in vain to attempt to en-
large upon them at this time, as they must depend on
such a varioty of circuinstanc.,s, and can be safely cot:.
fided to those who ere placed in the direction.
CONCLUSION.—There never was a period when such
an institution was so loudly called for, nor when there
was so favourable an opportunity for currying into ef.
fact. In fast, unless so-ne great measure be undertaken,
to furnish the utionployeti poor with a means of sub-
sistence, by their onus !chow-, the other classes of the
community will not long be able to maintain them, and
some fatal conviiislon must be the necessary consequence;

whereas, if this plan were adopted, an example of suc-
cessful i:nproteruent would be exhibited, which would
soon be imitated in every other part of the kingdom,
and it would probably spread with a rapidity, of which
there is nu example in history. If success, however, de-
pends on the skilful application of a large capital; for,
in many cases, if only 51. per acre is expended, the.
money may be lost ; whereas, by laying mit 151. per
acre, the whole expense may be repaid in the course of
one year.
On the whsle, there is every reason to hope, if no
other advantage were to result from the proposed plan,.
this object, at least, might be obtained, that the poor
would soon be enabled to raise provisions for their own
sustenance, and nu importation of foreign grain would
in future be necessary; even that would be no ineA'i.
mable advantage: but, if the plan does succeed to the
extent that may be expected, a Ibundation will be laid_
for improving every acre in the kingdurn, cipable of
yielding any valuable productim ; and-ail that floating
capital which might otherwise remain either unem-
ployed at home, or might be sent to foreign
from the difficulty of pluving it out to advantage, might
thus be laid out in promoting the cultivation of ear
own country, and in ameliorating the condition of its
inhabitants. JOHN SINCLAIR.
Onnly Lodge, Ham Common, Barmy, Jan. IC, le.Q.

J. Wilmot. • timber-riereliant, was found gailty at the late
Surrey Ses;:ons, of rt.:Ming a lame piece of timber, t7i-c troperty
of the .Southwark Bridge Cotapany, rag was seaLencald [a seven
ymt,,.trasportation. sib
A mother of a rattily. 'rho was again pregnant, three of her
ciiihiren„ and a 3,51r0g girl, 13 years of age, all inuabitants of
Chateau-Roux, in the department of the Flare, in France, -were
lately poisoned by easing poisonous inathwotui, which they t)to.te'.t
of goa‘l rptadty.

. _
STATE OF SLAVERY' 1N THE UNITE')

STATES.

Slavers- took very early root in the American co!o•
r•,es, and is still retained ie the United States ; full I
1,703,000 negroes are held there as slaves, which alga
enn.ain upwards of 200,000 free people of colour.—
Both these classes, however, arcptire occasional:y an ad-
mixture of the blend of the white portion of our pcpe-
latien, and the Me-tizos are gaining fast in mimber
upon the blacks. The great heel). of American negroes
*re to• be found in the Southern States. The expcnieore
of all history proves, that the structure of society in
slave-holding countries is unfavourahle to internal se-
curity and p.sce at all times ; and still more so to titell•
rite and strength in the season of tOreign warfare.—
laileed, all moral evil licensees a dreadful power of per-
petuatieg and augmenting its own atrocity; whence •
the evil of slavery, once established, scarcely admits of
remedy ; beeeinse the emancipation of slaves in large
snasses is nearly, if not quite, iirpractieable • the ditTer-
ence bowel' ehe.habits of a slave and those of a free
citizen being as wide as the poles asunder. A slave is
• •
I,,enotatit of the very elements of industry, which is the
basis of all social prosperity. The sieve recently libee-
aced, hu eeperienced only the most laborious and irk.
sorae of the occupations of a chisel), and not having
learned any forecast, is unwilling, to toil when free.—
The ne,g-os of St. Doming) first knew only the two
;extreme* of slavery and rebellion; afterwards, they ex-
-pericacecl the Ides:1'11g: of military despotism, under the
,pressure of which they bent and groaned ; and it is not
easy to deter mine which of these three miserable States
• the transition to the social and orderly reek of a free
• citizen is tnest difficult. The experience at Domingo
f near). 25 years past pro: es, that revolted slaves
ace incapable of receiving and enjoin„ the blessings of
free Institutions, for they have only exchanged the
1 errors of civil bondage for those of military despotism.
And the o m incipated negroes of Messachusetsprove,that
seeks an rd rof beings have not the capacity of availing
the:nselvc of the benefits of civil liberty. For, in that
State. where slavery is abolished be law, and which
• consequently opens an asylum to fugitive slaves from
tieiglibeurAtg States, the negroes do not Iccp up their
• stock of population, by the help both of native breeding
sued renawey importation ; su improvident, so helpless,
a wanting in all those habits of steady and useful in-
(eatery, which are essentially necessary to enable the
eitiaens of a free community to obtain a competent :Alpe
port fie. themselves and growing families, have they
. bees rendered by a long continuance in slavery, either
in their own persons, or in those of their immediate
progenitors. and by their almost total destitution even
, of the rudest eletuentbef civilization and culture.
This most clearly proves the shame of this traffic;
for, Lad.tlicy not been placed in this unhappy state of
alevry,•tileir capacities might have been good, and ma-
ny instances have occtirred where native Africans, not
yet, subjected to this abject :mil ftrn destitution, have
• discovered capacities equal to aWI-ittilize.d European,
when cultivated in these arts and sciences which . tem!,
to improve the rind and heart of man, and to renter'
him fit for Heaven. But those 'which are made free,
and who semen in the Northern and middle States, are
generally idle, vicious, and profligate ; the quaker; have
eetleavoured to meliorate their condition, in conse-
qeenee of which .chools and iherches have risen up,
i.rel black teachers and preache'rshave shown themselves
os competent to perform their important 'functions as
l.eir white brethren.

We are informed by 14 gentlemtn
.just landed from
Calcutta, that in the late sickly season, in the provinces
immediately dependent nu Bengal, rot less than
R 9.0,000 persons died of cholera morhus.—Our inform,
ant (of the medical profession) recovered front a severe
attack, after taking Gn grains of calomel, 100 drops of
laudittium, anti a bottle of brandy, within 10 hours--
Pot-atom/a Paper.
ekNaeporr.—When the late Fir Philip Francis was
riot long bdfore his death, at t :olland house, the Lady
of the mansion induced Mr. Bogert, the poet, to ask the
knight if he was really the author of "Junins's I,,etters."
The bard, knowing the Knight's austere character, ad-
dressed him with flintiest hesitation, askin.,e_,, if he might
be permitted to fropsose a question. The Knight,
evidently anticipating what was to come, eseißimcd in
a severe tone. "At your peril, Sir. " Mr. Ilogers im-
mediately retired, and rewriting to tell Lady Holland
the success of his mission, observed, that " if Sir Philip
was really Junius, he was certainly Junius Brutus."—
Evening Paper.
On Mondry night, after the family retired to rest, WIMP villain,
broke into th.: holm. of T. Porch, Esq. IS. Arabella-row,
rau.sacked the parloun; and drawing room, hrote open the copttoardr,
c'esets, and pantry, :nd roxeetlea in cartyiug off upwatds of 5001.
s ord. or property, in ptne, Bank-roux. and tw..h, among which
were a silver tankard and costa, a pun and halt pint ditto, a large
silver waiter, a than with three kg., several table, tea end desert
4,00a5, a ravel milk
_pot, and punch ladle. ei.c. • metal gilt box:
con:slang a ...;01. Bank of England note, and anctircr of 201.
i xlrtbouat with some 11. notes. all a great ‘sr;etr of Ladies' and
t:witiemeni wearintapparel. In th, quart tankard was a 4.. note
and a quantity of gold coin. The thieves :Ifni-led their escape rhin-
o it disturbing the family.—The same right, a Gentleman's house,
is Norfi,lk wtrect, v•s I•rn14,11 area, and rabl,,„d of
about vont 'Oahu(' Ladies' and Gentleman wearing anntai nal
aster

IMY COSTRACTS,
COM.IIISS4 ETAT P. f ritfr VT,
Trcesury c6th
IS;()TTCE ;.t hereby given to at.'. Permnts.desirimx of
rontraet,,g to supply the plowing el• •• for the Use of 0:4:
Army,
BEEP I.t7T-r(r;
to his Afajesty's Land For-..sinCantonmmes, Quarters, and Bar-
ra-ks, in the under-mentioned Counties and I:l2nds :
Becks (including the Town of Ilungerfurd), Berwick, Bucks,
Carnl•ri•lge (including the 1-crin of Newtonrlt(l). Chester, Co r
war (including Scilly), Deem, Ktllt (including Tilbury Felt,
La'-
sex, Lincoln, :Nlonincoutli, N;yrfoll:, I:orthumpion, Stafi,rtl, Sus-
sex, waraick, Wilts, Wereel,tcr, North and South V ;des, (in
the several Counties of) Isle of Wight.
That the deliveries ai e t commonre cn and for the twentottl.4
da ..rantir-y next; that p:-oposals in writing, sealed up, and
wrirk;!d Tender for Army Supptice," all: be received at this
(Vet, on or before Thursday the 2tet dav cf December, (Cut none
will be received after twetve o'c!ock en that day), and, if sent by
post, the poitage must be petit.
Propos,'s "turf be ma* separately fOr each county, (relthlie
ereption of the stvcral Counties of nth and South Wales, the
wiwe of radti,-11 must be tnelgeled in one Tender.)
Eas..l proposal mat hate the letter which is annexed to the ten-
der properly:filled up, by two persons of known property esigagin
to &Tome bound with 1.4 c porgy tender is in the amount stated
in the printed particulars, for the elf,c performance of tic contract ;
and no proposal will ht noticed unless made on a printed tinder,
and the prices expressed in words at length ; and skald is so
happen that during the contir-urtnce 9f the contract, no troops
should be supplied under the Cntract, the expence qf the s
for the contra-1 and bold, rail in the first instance by thee-tractor, :rill be refunded to him.
Particulars of the contract; way be had upon application at
Acre. Chambers, between the bluffs of eleven and jive.

ITT BLOOMSBURY SQU E, four doors from
the top of SOUTHAMPTON STREET, HOLBORN. is ILe
IRISH LINEN COMPANY'S ONLY WAREHOUSE in
LONDON, established
NINE-FEES YEARS,
Poe the sale of Irish shirting and allectrog Cloth by the Piece, at
the factor's price, WARRANTED for Durability: Colour, sad to
repay the purchaie money should any fault appear. The Company,
from the nature of their establishments here and in Ireland, olKr to
the community the shove articles much cheaper than they can be
procured through any other medium. Good Irish Bills and Hank of
Ireland Notes taken as usual. Countri ordas punctually attended
to.
JOHN DONOVAN 4. Illoomsbure Square, IA
JOHN HOY LE, , St. Mbry's Dublin, g'•""
N. B. A few hundred Pieces of SOIL'D 3.tittreg Clod' are now
on bale considerably below their cost price.

CITY Ole I.ONIMN I.Y LNG-1N HOSPITM..

The Annual SlifiNlON will be preachctl et
vF:)NST, Pv3lou LA)FIC, on ntoreiag the 14th
by the
RICHT HONOURABLE AND REV. LORD ASTON. M. A.

- _
Before the
RIGHT HON. THE !Alin MAYOR, rATRON.
THE SHERIFFS GE LONDON,
AND
SIR JOHN TEM/HNC; worr. M.P. PRESIDENT, &c.
Divine Service will begia at i t o'clock. precisely.
Several Ladies lime agreed, to hold plates for the Collection.
The Itzrrivat. wia be liebl at the City of Lonclol Tavern, or,
the Thursday foilowing at Five o'clock precisely.
THE RIGHT HON. THE LORD MAYOR
in the Ctair
JOHN LARICOURT ANDERSON, En.
CHARLES DIXON, E.
MICHAEL HOY. Esq.
JOHN LEECH. Esq.
ANDREW AMADLE Z.fELV:LLE, Lig •
JOHN WOOD NELSON. Esq.
MARTIN PEAREES, Eeq.
WILLIAM TIEIINEY ROBARTS, Esq M. P.
JOHN CHEM, Esq.
SAMUEI. GEORGE SMITH, Esq.
SEBASTIAN SMITH. Eeq.
REV. RICHARD WARD, M. A.
Governor for life, 311. lOs.—Annual Governor, Sl.ls. Or 31.
Any other licnefwetions itrf grdtcfully receitvt—Scveral of the Wo
men with their infanta will att..nd.
A. HICIIIMORE, Sac.
