TIRE

t

•
tyrsem, A lir A 444ip.e.i
• • 414 zc .F.PAeI"O-4V(I/4,4
)-414-ar',Wq!ie47' '.; *.; • • • - • •
61ifigiklittbr t;tr*lirtialivi. or tonTuoi 'OD
T 4114. M9Aiitvisa
sni..l 5: ;'..!'sTscrk . • . -
“LisUtin,.April3,
"N
'?'VA-TtlfifthrOlia-Zrki day of our zlory is-at last
tlia'A4ol4 tuf. ellgmy, in disgraceful
'*IL. pints, rapidly disappear
• -;41/4:imitliePt>ttnret4'rerritbel, which. they *have' in.:
ittictzsittli their' presence. The Governors ofPor-
.l:•tugul sejoic*, with: .yeu. ore.: this happy event 4 arid
after huttebNi. thems*es m the .presen43:6l' the
Altrtig,tgy;
,ge....fxrst and
.Soverein.- Atakior'
zoncti.Ther render due thanks to lees.Royal.4-lighness
the,ll)ritniceAegent:.-our Lordi....Whose esta-,.
2'l,loViid tilits 4)r'prir -del,en.Cel to his British
• ..rmy, end glet(Ted Ministry, and to the whole
lit itish NiCon, en whom we lyive. found powerful
. as..d•liberal ..11ies, the most constant co-operation in
tiie eiierny, and that fionour:'
.4 ..44, 3>utty,; and ra ew.isness 6f.priaciTle which
.
c ' that great: natl9,-* to .the Ijlits.
irious Welling.on, whose. sagacity,. and consum-
mate military knowledge enabled .him to penetrate
.• the Owls of the enemy, -to take' the mess effectual
pleciutions.f)r frustrating. them, and compelled
• ti-eirt 'acl.ist-tmfly with the remains cif their raimerolis
• arnly,.diniinisl!ed liy famine, by ;the n,o t severe
rivat;ons, and by the incessant put suit of the allied
forcesq to the zoirl,,iis and indefatigable Beresiord,
the restorer of eiiscipline and organization to the
t.., We brave and skilful Generals
and Officets of both nations; to their brave comrades

'111:4;

mste.
disbeartening, serve only to augment its enthusiasm,
and to make it feel all the horror of the slaVery
with which it WdS diVat( fled.
is But, Portuguere,, the lamentable effects of the
invasion c)1 those barbarians ; tte yet smoking re-
vains of the humble cottage of the poor, of the.
vilace of the man of optilence, of the cell of the'
eligionh, of the hospit•dl v.'l,;cit afforded shelter and
;chef to the poor and the infum, of the temples de-
dicated to the worship of the Most High ; the in-
arneattsVooef4lf Et) many peaceful citizens of both
soxes, ane tiifitges, with which those heaps of ruins
are still titvci ; the' insultkof every kind heaFed.
;Ton thot,e.W•hoto the- 'Vandals did not 4t.prive of
life----insults many times haore c.ruej than death it-.
self; the ttnixet;tal .devast4tion of the fields, of
plantations, of cattle, and -of the instruments of
-!ricnittie ; the robbery and destrt4o* of every
tliing that the 1-.nhappy niMibitanis.'d- the invaded
possessed ;-46is attrociotig scene, 1-7.-hich
makes hurnanily slAciero. affokds a tercible lessen,
which yuu ouzltt .deer?' to engrave' .oti -yoirr me,
Tnory, in older fully to know -that. degene.ate nac
tint who retain only The iignre Of rtes; 344 who'
.every respezt ard 17.6eatiq,' ."4
lit*re hAool:thiiity thl. tigers :A-116r* Wretched
4rt: aieir uthwtstaz kritteirtetitiefte tr,miseti

• • j'

•, , .

•

krIONAL REGISTER,

tims of a foolish credulity, a thousand times will
they repent, bat without avail, of the levity with
which they have trusted to the promises of a nation
without faith and without law ; of Men who ac..
knowledge neither the rights of humanity, nor re-
spect the sacred tie of an oath. •Opposed to .such
an enesity, the only alternatives which remained
to us were resistance, or retreat ;• the former de-
pended on a competent armed force, the latter is a
latv which the duty of preser*Ang life arid-property
imposes *on all peaceful citizens. .These evacuating
the towns where they dwell% transporting -the effects
which they. can carry off, destroying those • which
they are obliged to abandon, and which might
serve for the -subsistence Of the enemy, escape the
horrors of the most infanious slavery, throw them-
selves 'into the arms of their fellow-countrymen who
receive them as brothers, assist the military opera-
tions, depriving —invaders of the means of main-
taining themselves in the territory which they occu-
pied; and in this way they are so far useful to them-
'selve4 because the enemy, not being able to support
himself for a-long time in positions where lie is in
Want of subsistence, will soon. be obliged to eva-
cuate them • and the inhabitants returning imme-
diately' t& their homes, neither suffer the inconve-
niences of a lengthened absence, nor find their
houses and fields in that state of total devastation in
which the enemy's army would have left them, had
he remained for longer period.,
• 4, Such, Portuguese, are the lessons of experience
which we ought never to forget, - Bat amidst such
disasters, Providence is pleased to give us sources
of consolation which will make them less sensibly
felt. The unfortunate people who fled Must the
fury of their erne oppressors have experienced the
greatest kiednetts in the humanityelf their fellow
citizens. In al the diptricts to whichAfry have fled.
they were received with open arms ; the inhabit-
ants eagerly pressed to afford them all that succour.
which they could individuhlly bestow; ther
their ?louses with emigrants ; and many timesl4ave
we pirceived with tears of joy the generous ethula-
tioa of those who disputed with one another who
should afrord the rights of hospitality to those un-
knowi families who arrived in this capital without
shelter or the means of subsistence,
" It is the duty of the 6Overnment to take im-
mediate measures for the, relief of these necessitous
persons bet the Want of public funds, which are
not even sufficient to provide for our defence, must
make these measures less effectual, Unless individu-
als liberally concur in a proceeding. so much re-
commended by'hiimanity as 117.patriotian:4
" Disler the inspection of auk tribunal,
whiCh hasAdtranced part. of these stactotim by the
wife and e;„iinornical measures of a Member of that
Tribunal, executed by zealous and intelligent Of=
ficers, the wietched fugittfee have beep.' fed, and
numberless unfortoitte persons h*ve tieert rescued
from the jaws of death. This great eipenie has
been supported -nor only by the resourees which
were at the disposal'of Governiiient„ but, still 'more,
by voluntary donations preiented by aittivis 'and
foreigners ; among whom we ouglit• to-,4nintion
Avith,Rartiti‘lar.• 4istinCtion the subiectt -el his Bri-
tWoO Ma*ity>-1)0th. tlictiewlyt we oritileyed in
the army* those who are attae4 to. tut/ hipoorio

in arms, wlv Wit it.getvrens emulation, never fought
that they cli4 nOrtinnriph Puid, in line, to the whole
Portuguese peopje. .whose .loyAlty, .patriotharit
scanty., andl)474Nkeen glotiousAy dis-
tinguitttidaytikattlie iribuigthis which have ataicted
us. A ilatitin p,,P4essed of sveh cam never
V; subdued: and the calamities of war, instead of

~~
