}earned member had laid down, and by the faith of treaties.—
The ministers, be hoped, would be found to have been mindful
of the interests, aa well as the honour and station of this
country. He would proceed to reply to the questions with the
same frankness that he trusted bad before characterized his
reply to 'inquiries put to him. It would be to deceive the
Douse to say that the hopes of adjusting the differences be-
tween France and Spaiu were not totally extinguished—if they
were not totally extinguished, they were to ir weakened as
almost to put an end to all iipettation of any favourable re-
sult. With respect to the second quertion, it was the inten-
tion of Ministers, on the first convenient tilt, after the Easter
recess, unless any thing should happen to change entirely their
present views, to take his Majesty's oommaads to atilimi• to
both Houses inftormation respecting all the negociations. lie
would further state, on this part of the inquiry, that he should
afterwards deem it to be his duty, on some vole of loins, to
originate a discussion on those papers, for the purpose of more
amply stating the prioeiples and policy that had guided his
Majesty's Ministers in conducting the negocistioss. Having
been calls if on to give information to the house on this im-
portant 'object, it might not be dealing with proper fairness if
he were not to add, that Iris Majesty's ministers at present did
not !Pe any necessity to involve this country in the contest.—
(Loud cheering.)
Mr. F. BUXTON hoped that no treaties would he conchrded
with Portugal, without pressing that Government to agree to
the
Papers ordered to be printed.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in reply.:to
Lord Althorp's enquiry, stated that -it was the intention to
erect a monument to the memory of the late Earl St. Vincent.
FOREIGN ENLISTMENT H. WILSON expressed
the hope, after what had been stated by the foreign secretary,
that there would ha no objection to the repeal of the Foreign
Enlistment Ilitl.—(Hea.-, bear.)
Lord ALTHORP expressed the ist s :ion of moving, on an
early day, the repeal of such bill.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER, the papers respecting the late King's library were re-
ferred to a select committee.
Sir C. LONG spoke of the great value of such library, and
stated, that it was at vast expense, on the plan provided by
Dr. Johnson.
REWENUE.—TeXATION.--Mr.MABERLY brought forward
his lung promised resolutions on the subject of the revenue,
kzer. He assumed a sinking fund of 5,000,0001. and said that.
it might lie made 10,009,0001. by selling the land tax, &c. as
suggested in his resolutions. lie also contended that there
might also be a further repeal of taxes to the amount of
9,200,0001. all the assessed taxes. His plan would effect such
retails ; and the series of resolutions, with moving which lie
concluded, detailed the plan, and reeoguized the policy of
adopting it.
After some remarks from Sir W. De Crespigney, Mr. Ber-
ries, and Sir F. Blake, the resolutions were negatived on a
divisioo.—Ayes, 48—Noes, Vt.
THE lalloLvENT DEBTORS' ACT.—Mr. P. MOORE moved
for leave to brig in a bill to repeal the present Insolvent
Debtors' Act. Tlsis motion produced • general conversation,
ba which Lord Althorpe, Mr. Abercrombie, the Solicitor-Ge-
neral, Sir J. Newport, Mr. Bright, and others, supported an
amendment of the present act, rather than a repeal, and Mr.
Moore consented to withdraw his motion.
Mr. HUME moved for certain returns relative to the reve-
nue of Ireland, with a view to shewiug that the ueion had been
beneficial and not injurious to Ireland, and preparatory to his
bringing forward Isis motion fur the Abolition of the Viceregal
Dignity in that country.—Ordered.
Oa the third reading of the Mutiny B:11 Sir F. Burdett rave
notice that he would, on a future day, submit a motion to the
House to do away military flogging. Thu lion. Baronet also
strongly blamed the Government for not taking a wore decided
part in favour of Spain.
Mr. PEEL deprecated discussion on this subject at present.
Mr. HODHOUSE coincided in opinion with his honourable
colleague.
Alter a conversation of some length, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
The ether orders were disposed of, and the house adjourned
at eleveu o'clock.

WEDNESDAY, MARCII 19.
Mr. Quarme, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod, sum-
moned the House to attend in the House of Peers, to hear the
Royal assent given by commission to sundry bills.
Mr. T. RYNG obtained leave to bring in a bill to iight, pave,
&o. places, squares, &u. in 81. John's, Hackney, built, or to
be built, by T. Rhodes, Esq.
Gen. MONTGOMERY presented a petition from planters of
Dominica against the equilization of the duties on West and
East India sugars.
Wm PIMA DlSTRESS.—Petitions were presented from
St. Vincent's, Batbadoes, Grenada, Antigua, &c. complaining
of distress.

Mr. CKEEVY observed that the Barbildoes petition,
amongst other distresses, complained of the four and a half per
cent. dillies he would therefore ask whether there was uny
thing so shameful as to continue the present application of such
duties, in pensions given to Members of Parliament and their
families t--(!tear, hear !) After the recess he should imove
that to much of the petition as spoke of the four and a half per
cent. defies, he retared to a committee. Petition .ordered to

be printed.
Mr. GOULBURN brought in the Irish Commutation *of
Tythes Bill. Read a first time, and ordered to be read a
second time, Ap►il 23.
Mr. SMITH wished to ask, is the communications with
Spain by the way of Fraaoe might become unoertain, whether
the Government had soy intention to establish any packet con
veyance le Spain by the way otCoennna.
Mr. CANNING replied, that such conveyance would occasion
considerable delay.. Two despatches had beeu sent to Madrid
by the different routes; but that forwarded by way of France
arrived ten days before the one sent through Comma. The
Government, therefore, bad uo intention to establish such a
conveyance ; but should there be any difficulties arise in the
land conveyance by France, die other conveyance might
be established. The Guvertuntint would then he immediately
mindful of the difficulties, and attentive to remedy them.
QUAKERS' PETITION AGAINVE SLAVERY.—Mr. WILBER-
FORCE rose to present a petition from the Quakers, praying
for the abolition of slavery throughout the British dominions.-
-He said the petitioners bad been moat consistent and perse-
vering in their endeavours against slavery. They were a body
of men of retired and quiet habits, and were unused to mix
with political questions ; and on the subject of slave trading,
they had, Irons the first, maintained against those who had
urged- the policy of the measure, that there could be no policy
in whet was inconsi-tent with justice and hunianity.—(llear.)
Tbe abolition of th, sieve trade bad been called ror and itecom-
plisl...l. n, she kr,t %lei, iu the great wok ; but it WAS ulNuyi
that the alektiou of slavery throughout till! British
