THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

min that bask in the favour and sunshine of the most despotic
and the most corrupted or Courts; but the wishes and desiies of
the nation are so universal in favour of a change, that it does not
appear to no; consistent with the Course of human tot the
thing to stop, or to admit of much delay. We all pray that it
may be brought about in the metropolis in the same manner as
this city, which has gained immortA glory
.by tl:c moderation
of its proceedings, and the giving an example which was
so readily fidlowed by the oeighlxiuring places without the
least delay, hesitation or accident. The great author of our re-
stored liberties is Sepulveda, the Colonel of the loth ltegt. of
Foot ; he is a very young man indeed, and ardent lover of his
country, enthusiastically fond of his profession, anal an excellent
officer ; he is an very ancient and noble family, and his father
s as the first to raise the Portuguese standard against the French,
in Tras os Montes; for this and the oilier eminent services which
he rendered the State, he was raised to the dignity of Viscount of
Ilerbadoaa, a title now inheritial by the elder brothel ; front
these circumstances something might have been hereditarily
expected of the son, and I hope, Sir, we do not profane the
name of the most renowned patriot of antiquity, when it brings
to our recollection the circumstances of the deter and the younger
Brutus ; these hallowed names have stood the test of 19 centuries,
and it is but tint. to anticipate that the names of Quiroga and
Sepulveda will be lisped with gratitude by succeeding ages, and
when the present generation will hare been swept away from nu:
face of the earth.
Copy of a proclamation posted up in the streets of
Lisbon by the friends of the Revolution, in the
night of the ;18 t h August :
Portuguese!—The happy moment of salvation for our country
is at length arrived: the thick veil of illusion, with which
usurpers nave shrouded our rights, is rent to pieces. Arise !
the h.ur is cat hand when our country is to be saved from the
ignominious yoke of slavery and opprobrium. The thrice-holy
busmen of liberty already float in the air, of that liberty, the
child ,d reason and of nature, of which we have been fur so many
ages deprived by the fewciuus power of tyranny and misrule.
Let us run to embrace our immortal brethren already on their
way to this capital with a powerful army, after having 'sworn to
and proclaimed that Constitution which will ever be the dread Of
our oppressors, but under which our persons and our property
will henceforward be secure.
Let us restore our ancient Cortes, and let that palladium of
Spanish freedom also be the worthy model of our independence.
And where is the Portuguese who shall Mae to raise his arm
against his country ? No one, unless he be some degenerate
man, unworthy of the heroic name, and let out to hire to the
enemies of his nation. In short, enough of suffering; let us
put limits to the Royal authority and that of its Ministers. by the
adoption of a sacred Constitutional Code, since by this wise step
we shall be cared as well from the evils of anarchy as or slavery
and shame. Lung live the heroic Portuguese nation I—Long
live our Religion—Long live our Constitutional King !
