LONDON, MONDAY, JULY 8.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer, after repeatedly
postponing it, on Monday last " screwed his courage
to the sticking point," and brought forward his
Budget, fur the particulars of which we refer our
readers to our Parliamentary Iteport,assuring them,
that if they understand it, they do more than we
Lave been enabled to do—but we have gained from
Mr. Vansittart's speech information which ought to
rouse the people of this kingdom to a sense of their
desperate state under such au administration, and to
every etS.trt to dislodge them—we allude to his de-
claration that the estimates for the present year
were brought down a; low as it was intended to
Live them at any subsequent period—that Govern-
rotnit had nu intention of reducing the expenditure
of the Army or Navy—that amid the multitude of
useless places sal sinecure:, nom:e was intti:dal to be

THE NATIONAL ntGzstEn

given up or abolished—that the permanent PEACE
establishment was to cost more than 50,000,0001.
annually, and this in despite of the robbery recently
committed upon the holders of the Five per Cents.
If, under such a statement as this, addresses to the
King to dismiss so profligate a set of Ministers du
not flow in from every Body possessed of the power
of addressing the Crown...if the tables of both
Houses be not absolutely covered with petitions
against such confirmed extravagance—why, let the
people be cheated, their money squandered, and
themselves, it they heteatier grumble, be sabred into
silence.

On Vednesday last, the Marquis of Hertford had
an audience of his Majesty, and delivered to him
the Order of the Garter, worn by the late Marquis.
The vacant ribbon is destined it is said for—Wllo/
Why reader if you know him, only fancy the little
Chancellor of the Ex.—, little Nic—not old Nick
—strutting under the decoration of the Order of the
Garter !

CASSEL, JUNE 9.5.—An event equally melancholy
and extraordinary wok place lately at Wahem, three
leagues from hence. A Protestant minister shot him-
self through the head in the pulpit, at the moment
when he was about to e,,hinience his sermon. This
unfortunate man had tbr some time involved hituselt
in art excess of mysticism, which probably deranged
his mind.

A Consul at Salonique has written to a corres-
pondent at Smyrna the fidlowing letter On the
20th of April A bdoul Paella has demanded the sub-
mis'ion of Nausta, a village which contains upwards
of .200 houses, and situate nine leagues from Salo-
nique. It is one of the most considerable of Mount
Olympus, where all the inhabitants are insurgents.
The Pacha sent three Gre.l ministers .of religion
to the enemy, who formed a small corps round
Nausta. The moment the Priests mentioned sub.
mission to the Turks, they were shot dead by their
countrymen. The Pacha then attacked the villages
of Olympus, and defeated the insurgents, who, in
their fUght killed all all their wives and children,
rather than suffer them to fall into the hands of the
Turks. One hundred villages upon Mount Olym-
pus have been reduced to aSheS.
THIESTC, Juire 17.—The following is the De-
cree declaring the blockade of Turkey
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMEsT Ol' GREECE.

The Greek nation has taken arms, and combats against
tyranny. Tile rights of the people are incontcstible. The
uninurd of sacrifices uncle by that people, have for object its
independence, and as it is aquainied with its rights, it knows
also its duty. In declaring its independence, it established a
central Government ;to clef the former, and to fulfil the
seem', it is incumbent on the Government, to attain its obeeet
and to render the cause of the people triumphant, to deprive the
enemies of Gre,ce of all their means of opprission ; in conse-
quence, the Provisional Government of Gre.,c, viltue of the
law of nations of all time States of Europe, declares now is o
41644101de All the coast (+milled by the enemy, both in Epirus
and tee Peloponnestis, Eubea (Negropont) and Thessaly from
Epidaurus to Salunica, inclailin.; that plaec,—declares also in a
state of blockade all the Liles and ports occupied by the enemy in
the Egean i•ea, the Sparodian Isles. and the Isle of Crete.
" All vessels, under whatever P.ag they sail, which, after
obtaining a knowledge of the decree by tile Coniinanders of the
Greek squadrons, or by separate vessels, shall attempt to enter
these ports, shall be se:zed, hnd treated aceordi!l to the laws
and usages established in such cues. Tile 4. et-rim:alders of
Greek vessels shall continue to cause to bo published this resolu-
tion, till the Government have acquired the certainty that it has
reached wherever it is necessary. The present Declaration shall
be besides communicated to ail the Consuls of ail the Friendly
l'owers in the different States of Greece.
•"Itie President of the Executive rower,
•• A. AI AUlto CORDATO.
The Meister of Foreign Aflisirs,
Corinth, March 13. "Tll. NEGRI.
A subscription is likely to be set on foot in behalf
of those Greek families rendered destitute, or sold to
slavery, iu consequence of the Tut kish atrocities at
Scio. The lead is to be taken by a sect which has
ever been as nrich distinguished by acts of charity
as by exertions in favour of human liberty and hap-
piness—we mean the Society of Friends. But the
warmest sympathy for the unfortunate sufferers is
rapidly spreading in every part of' the community,
and cannot fail, when the path is pointed out, of
being awakened into active benevolence.
Captain O'Grady and Mr. James Grattan, both
Irish county members, had an affair of honour lately,
in consequence of a political dispute. The former
was attended by the Hon J. Lowther, as his second,
and the latter by the Hon. Charles Howard Butler-
Clarke After an exchange of shots, the seconds
interfered, and the parties shook hands before they
left the ground.
A wealthy planter, who died lately at Demerara.
has left all his property, in the first instance, to a
member of the legal profession, with reversion to Mr.
a merchant, at Stockholm. Such is the im-
mense value of. the estates bequeathed, that u mer-
chant in London, it is said, has offered Mr. Fileen
850,0001. 1. r his reversion, which the latter has,
howevir, declined.
Last week a sheep, fatted by Mr. Diggens, of Col-
denlittin, near Ipswich, was slaughtered there, which
vbeighed t ist 41b. (I4tb.to tie stone); the shoulders
of t% hith wei4l.cd '22 2, lb. each ; the legs 201 b.; and
the loins It+lb. each.
