The Warrant,. of Attorney Bill went through a committee.

Itecognizance Bill went through a committee.
The Earl of BLESSINGTONI moved the ton aa l ;nal of the
Irish MeeLs Bill, which accordingly passed through the Coin-
niittee.
On the third reading of the Sheriff's Depute Bill, the Earl of
Lauderdale made a kw onmrvations, and moved a verbal amend-
meat. After some observations from Lord Melville and the Lord
Chancellor, the runentlinents were agreed to. The bill was then
read the third time and passed.
Lott! ELIA:NIB/lit/UGH moved to discharge the Order of
the Day for the discussion of the Marriage Amendment Bill.—
e could not withstand the wish of a noble and learned Lord to
postpone the discussion until a noble Earl (Liverpool) was able
to attend in his place; he therefore fixed the committal of the
11111 tot Tuesday neat, and moved the Lords be stunmonecl fur
that diey.A(1.0)1111101.
THURSDAY, JUNE 13.
BANKRUPT LAWS.—The 1.013 D CHANCELLOR brought
in a 13111 to enable the Court of Chancery, in cases of bankruptcy
underplot conmaissions, to supersede the commission, upon any
one of the partners being able to satisfy all his creditors. The
BM was read the first wile ; and the noble and learned Lord said,
on Monday neat lie should bring in a bill to amend the banklupt
laws, which bill, he hoped, would pass this session. lle should
also bring in a third bill, not with the intention to pass it doting
the present session, but to lay on the table for the consideration
rat the (louse.
The Bishop of EXETER presented a petition from St. Sid-
well. Exeter, and Lord ROLLE one from St. Edmund's Exeter,
against the Berman Catholic Peers' Bill.
Mr. Mason, from the East India Company, presented an ae.
emint or the reventra and expences of the chili:rent presidencies
in India, from May D 321 to tatt2.
Mr. Chetwynd, from the !louse of Commons, brought up a
message, stating, that the House had agreed to the amendments
wade by die I.ords in ilk Vagrant Laws Amendment Bill.
The Manslaitglitee Bill and the Warrants of Attorney Bill
stab read the thud time.
Tile Ilecognizance Bill went through a Committee.
'lle Irish Meals Registry Bill went through a committee.
The Marquis of LANSOOIVNE said lie hart received an in•
lineation loon a noble Earl( Liverpool) that lie should endeavour
to ti in his place in the BMW to-morrow, in consequence of
whirls it was his (Lord Lansdowne's) intention to submit his pro
position to•morww on the state'''. (rebind. Adjourned.

I"KIDAY, 11.
Lord DARNLEY, before the House proceeded to the im•
portant busmrs of the day, requested to know whether the noble
Lord (Liverpool) had received any further intormattun un the
.subject (tithe stationery
,jitb in Ireland?
The Earl of LIVEIII't►OL said, a correspondence on the
subject had talus place, which be should nut object to lay on
the table.
Lord DARNLEY then stated, that be should be prepared on
Itlunday to make a motion el the subject_
The Marquis of LA NSDOSV N E, in pursuance of notice, rose
t, cal the attention of the Douse to the state of Ireland. After
all that had occurred tro this subject during late years, it was
titiecsary that this important questwo should be brought before
l'arliament, lie thriefore felt he shook' stand acquitted of
coming (inward irregularly. Ile should state the views lie had
of Ireland it. the hearing of individuals who, flout their local
.Wll.l'lloo. would, If he was wrung, set him right. To all the
distresses of England, Irchiud had been subject in a greater
Argue. Ireland, excluosery agricultural, had been exposed to
the full weight of agricultural evils. To save the time of the
louse lie would not state those thstreases, but call the attention
oh the Lords to peculiar circumstances, which pressed down the
Irisb I.u,tulation. If it should appear that what was a blessing
ILO other evintries was a Noon to Ireland, would nut the house
enquire die eau., of that uneattiral state of thing:;?—Wo, it he:
cause Use insular 44111464 A 41 lrci.aal awse Lsr every 4141Valliii;,;

.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

that she was poor and wretched amidst plenty, barbarous amidst
civilization. and ungovernable amidst good government and the
benefit oldie best constitution ?--They were to look beyond the
institutions of the country for the causs of so many evils. They
had so look to the general population of the country, td the burden
which weighed down the population, which were increasing in a
most extraordinary manner. In 1693, the population was
14'40,000.—1n 1821, it was 6,846,0(k). One fourteenth of that
population only were Protestants. Another fourteenth were
Dissenters. The remainder were Roman Catholics. The popu.
Litton, by a course of degradation, had been brought down to
mere subsistence upon potatoes, and many had been driven to
depend or, precarious support. It was to the state oldegnulation
iuto which the country was mluccal that they were liable to wit-
ness the deplorable scenes which had so lately occurred. 'Here
the noble Marquis quoted some beautiful lines from the •. De-
serted Village" to illustrate his argument.)—The peasant, de-
prived of the fair produce orbit, industry, fell a victim, and the
the spot lie cultivated became his garden and his grave. It so
happened the best measures adopted by Parliament had increased
the sta.:rings and immorality ht. the people. The trial by jury,
and the elective franchise, intended as the greatest privileges .e
nation could enjoy, appeared in Ireland the cause of dissatislac •
tion and crime. Too niany persons living on farms were allowed
to have a common registered right to vote at elections as free-
bolders.—Extassove taxation also hail not only driven out from
that country comforts which formed a beats for improvement,
but reduced the revenue. They had diminished the duty on
sugar.—From 336,0001. they had reduced it 230,0001. Tea had
been also diminished. The produce of duties had been lessened
and immorality increased. Such were the advantages in carrying
on illicit distillation in Ireland, that a man embarking 91. would
realize 27. These illicit stills were a oedema from whence disaf-
fection sprung. They had tilled the prisons of Ireland with per-
sons guilty of this illicit traffic. Not less ihan 3332 persons had
been prosecuted and put into prison for illicit distillation ; and of
that number 3962 lied been convicted. The men who escaped
were qualified by depravity to become fomsidable opponents of
the government. This evil sprang from excessive taxation.—
With rivet/ to the administration of justice in Ireland, he might
say the magistracy of Ireland had for years required revi,ion.—
There had been found magietrates in Ireland in poverty, and
without any of the means for discharging that duty. A person
applied to the noble Marquis sonic time since, to lend hint money
a a gentleman, the son 01 a magistrate in Ireland. It turned out
Ire was an impostor, not with respect to his being the son of an
Irish magistrate, but in returning the money. His father was
a magistrate, bankrupt, and beggar. Wlint could be expected
fruits the son of such a father, or die father of such a son ? In
religious matters, the people of Ireland had much to complain of
—two thirds of the population had been shut out from their legal
rights. The noble marquis considered decisions upon religious
mutters ought to be cautious and mild. lie cited the instruction
given by Lord Bacon to Lord Osborne, who was going out to till
a judicial situation in Ireland:—'• My first advice is, that you
proceed with equality on matters of religion, lest Ireland civil
become more dangerous than Ireland savage." The laws were
improperly administered. In the west of Ireland a custom pre-
vailed of deciding claims to land by the following practice :—One
assaulted the other, and the person whom the assistant barrister
declared to be right, was considered the person as having claim
to the land. The noble marquis considered the absentees inju-
rious to Ireland, but at the same time an encouragement was
held out to them to quit the country. The Court in England
occasioned their absence, and the absence of capital drawn from
lush industry. The Church of Ireland ought to be for the
benefit of Ireland, but Ireland was made a benefit to the Church.
In many instance% in the south of Ireland, clergymen had said
they would not receive tithes of flax, because they felt diet the
act was oppres.sive to industry. This was an injustice to them-
selves, anti chewed the necessity for providing proper support for
the clergy of Ireland. The tithe mum in the last three years
antounted to no less than 17.327. This was a proof of the mi-
serable state of litigation between the clergy and the population.
In Kilkenny alone 2,191 causes had been tried. The tithe upon
potatoes was sometimes properly placed, and often improperly.
With imposts so levied, so repulsive to the clergyman and the
farmer, he could not conceive a subject which called more for the
attention of Parliament. In the exposition of the principles of
the Church of England, it was held out that nothing could be
more erroneous than the dot/rifles of the Church of Rome, which
held out that tithes were a divine right. Parliament ought to
treat diet sort of property in a manner that would render die
Church not less dependent on die State than at present. He was
induced to suggest. whether a valuation of corn might not secure
the clergyman against a change in tithes. By converting corn
to money, a commutation might be made which would much
benefit die clergy and the people. It was not, however, on any
suggestion of his that an experiment should be made, beams'
every suggestion was involved in great difficulty. One great
burden cast on the peasantry of Ireland was that of building
Protestant churches, into which they were never to enter or
receive die least benefit. Whilst he had respect for the Church
in Ireland, he thought provision ought to be made for exempting
the Catholic peasant from the building of l'rotestant churches
The noble marquis concluded a most animated and able speech,
by moving, •• That it is the opinion of this house diet the state
of Ireland indispensibly requires the attention of Parliament,
with a view to improve the condition of the people, and more
effectually provide for their tranquillity and domestic happiness."
The Earl of LI VER POOl. eulogised the able and candid
manner in which die noble marquis had brought this important
subject under the consideration of Parliament. lie, however,
felt it was his duty to oppose die motion, because it conveyed a
censure on his Alajesty's Government which they did not merit.
After a debate of some length, in which several Lords deli.
vered their sentiments pro and eon. a division took place. The
numbers were, For the motion, 60—Against it, 108-3lajority,
house then adjourned.

HOUSE OP COMMONS.
MONDAY, JUNI. 10.

A petition was presented from Southwark against the repeal
of the Leather Tax.
Sir R, WILSON called the attention of the Under Secretary
of State to the severities which had befallen a native of Palms
named Berunka, its consequence of Sir T. *Maitland having sent
hint and Ins family from the lonian Islands • Heronka having
left those islands, in consequence of the Lord High Commis-
sioner's order, for which no reason was assigned, and the vessel
in which he sailed was captured by the Algeriues, and Bcronka
and family were now subject to 'slavery. This was a very
hard case. Did the bon. Under Secretary know any thing
about it ?
Mr. WILMOT replied that be was not acquainted with the
case, but lie would institute inquiry.
The Recognisance Bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. MONEY preaented . a petition from the Trinity House
Corporation, praying It leave to bring in a bill to amend their
laws, so as to meet the new state of things that would be oc-
casioned by the altered navigation laws, Sin. Referred to a
Committee.
Ltressi NG SYSTEM.—Mr. G. BENNET presented the re-
port of the Alehouse Licenses Bill. Ordered to be taken into
further consideration on Friday next, and the Bill, as amended,
to lie printed.
Mr. HUME moved for an areonnt of persons holding two or
more offices in Ireland, under Galveritaivut i the cluitluumits,
Se.—Ordered.
Mr. DENMAN present( d a petition horn Cotton manitfActii-
nor, ,agiliost the Colonial 'mutton was ordered to he
jointed.

Me. DENMAN then presented *petition from Gainaborouglit
in favour of the total repeal of the salt tax.
Mr. CUItWEN asked when the bill might be expectedl—
Ife abould move the total repeal of the tam.
Mr. USD INGTON said it would be ready as early as pea.
Able; the clau►ea were of considerable importance, and they
were now under con►ideration.

tktr. CALCHAFT said it would be very convenient to know
when the miui►lers might be expected to atend ; it was now
after five o'clock, and none of diem were present. Petitions
of great public importance were daily brought forward--and
were ',nitrated in the absence of all the ministers, especially of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Was this correct I Was it
what the House had a right to expect? He wished to know
whether there was any trath in the rumour that all the tax ou
salt in Scotland was to be repealed?

Mr. LCSIIINGION ►aid hu was not aware that any such in-
tention existed.

Mr. CALCH AFT added, that he had heard it from more than
one Scotch member. Ordered to bgatinted.
The Receivers General Bill wes tWiumitted.
Mr. HUMEiborry at the delay that had taken place in
pressing forwar Bill, because its object was to eireet con-
siderable saving.
After a long conversation, in whim.' C.Davis, Sir C.hong, &c.
took part, the report was received, and ordered to be taken Mtn
further consideration on Monday next.

Mr. CALCRAFT (Lord imudomiggry having entered the
House) wished some time to be lixed or the consutencement of
public business.

Lord LONDONDERRY suggested half past four o'clock.
The SPEAKER wished to know whether public petitions
were to come within the meaning of such regulation?
Mr. CALCHAFT said, his object was not to limit the presen-
tation of petitions, but to secure the attendance of some of the
ministers when such petitions were presented.
Mr. BROUGHAM presented s peti ion from some Calcutta
hankers, complaining- of conduct on the part of the India Go-
vernment. 11 hen lie bad received certain information, he should
move that the petition be referred to a committee. Ordered
to be printed.
_ . _

Copier of any proccedinge aiinptcd by the court of directors
on letters froul M. C. Peudergant, lisq. above petitioner, were
ordered.

Lord LONDONDERRY moved that the report of the Corn
Importation Bill be received. With respect to the order of the
proceedings, lie understood that the principle oldie Bill was to
be discussed on the third reading. The clause respecting the
grinding of foreign corn, proposed by the right hon. member for
Liverpool (.Mr. Canning) wys just in itself; but many hon.
members were against it, and therefore if be found that it was
likely to encumber the Bill, he should oppose it. The right
honourable gentleman could still bring it forward as a separate
bill.

111 r. G. BENNET complained of a vast accumulation of busi-
ness ; there wcre 27 orders, two of which were likely to occupy
the whole sitting, together with several notices.
Mr. CANNING spoke in support of his clause ; but lie could
not agree to the proposed compromise.—What chance would
there be, supposing he should consent to bring in a fresh bill,
to have it considered, when there was such a mass of business
before thellouse t There would he no hope of procuring atten-
tion to the subject, should the House sit till August. He
a hould not introduce a new bill—but should take the sense of
the House on the clause in its present shape.
Sir J. SE BRIGHT opposed this clause, because it was cal-
culated to injure agrculilral interests; rather thau have this
clause, he would prefer having the warehouses thrown open at
once.

Sir E. KNATCEBELL said, that the clause had emanated
from the committee, but it had been abandoned ; and now it
was proposed in a more decided t ,rm. It was now wore ob-
no%ious than ei er.

Lord LONDONDERRY said, it would he better to receive
the report. Every clause would afterwards be open to consi-
deration. Report brought up and read.
After some further discussion, in which Mr. Lewis, Sir T.
Lethbridge, Ox. took a part, the House divided on Mr Can-
ning's clause :—For the clause 31—Against it 11G—Majority
against the clause 1:13.
The report was then agreed to, and the bill was ordered to
be read a third time on Wednesday next.
On the order of the day for the second reading of the Mar.
riage Act Bill, Mr. W. Smith said there were con•idereble ob-
jections existed as to some of the clauses of this bill. He
therefore was desirous of withdrawing it, with a view of bring-
ing in a bill better calculated to meet the wishes of the parties
interested ; to effect this purpose, lie would move that the bill
be read a second time this day six months,
After some conversation between Mr. W. Smith, Dr. Lush-
ington, and Dr. Phillimore, the amendment was adopted, and
the hon. member obtained leave to bring in a new bill.
The report of the Bakers' Regulation Bill was received, and
ordered to be taken into further consideration on Wednesday.
The Insolvent Debtors' Amendment Bitl went through a
committee. Report to-morrow.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at half-past eleven.
TUESDAY, JUNE 11.

Mr. CREEVEY postponed his motion, which stood for to-
day, respecting the ministerial pension act, till the 26th inst.
Ile then moved a series of resolutions on the subject, and one
particularly regarding the pension (of 30001.) recently greeted
to Lord Sidmouth.
Sir J. NEW PORT moved for returns of all deductions from
public salaries in Ireland, and the authority on which they were
made. Ordered.
Mr. HUME moved for accounts of lands, quit-rents, &c. in
Ireland, belonging to the Crown. sold under the Stith Ceo 111.
Ordered.
Mr. HUME then moved for an account of the present income
of the crown lands in Ireland.
Sir G. HILL said that these returns would be very voltimi-
1110il., and that they went beyond what the hon. member wanted;
he only required to know what had been done by the commission
now existing in Ireland. It would be better that the motion
should stand as a notice. The motion was withdrawn for the
present.
Sir 3. NEWPORT presented the second report of the com-
mittee on grand jury presentments. He bbould move for leave
to bring in a Bill founded on the report. Report ordered to
be printed.
SalT Tax.—Sir W. LEMON presented a petition from fish
curers and others in Cornwall, against the modification of the
salt tax, as contemplated by mini ,ters. The promise of draw-
backs on the exportation of flab would not remedy the evil. He
drought there was but one remedy, the abandonment of the tax
altogether.
Mr. C. E. RUM BOLD, (member for Yarmouth) supported
the petition.
Sir R. FERGUSON said, that what was art forth by Corn-
wall applied to all the Bilsab li.:Atka. He touted that the

Chancellor of the Exchequer would give up the whole of
the tax.
Mr. D. GILBERT said the question concerned the whole
kingdum, not Cornwall alone. Feeling grateful for the conceit-
Mons made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer—perhaps he
bad made concessions ample enough—(cries urn°, no)—he was
concerned that this concession was left so incomplete. He la.
mented that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had left him cause
of complaint in this instance.—Judging from the quantities
cured iu Cornwall, the proposed modification would amount, as
a tax, to 40,0001. in that county alone. Ile trusted that the
Chancellor of the Exchequer would propose the reduction of the
2s. as it would be most useful ; but if the proposition did not
come from that quarter—if it came from any other member, he
should resist the reduction.
Mr. TRAMAYN E was persuaded that the 2s. duty would
be. moat injurious to the trade, trod he saw no way out of the
difficulty, but by abandoning such remainder of the tax.
Sir AI. W. RIDLEY said, that the partial repeal would
effect more injury than relief. He also spoke of the injurious
tendency of the proposed regulations regarding glass bottle ma •
nufacturers. He trusted they too would not be persevered in.
Sir H. VIVIAN Was persuaded that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer was not aware of the vast extent of mischief that
would result !corn continuing • part of the tax. lie hoped it
would be given up altogether.
Mr.bRIGHT also spoke against the partial repeal of the salt
tax. Ile contended that here they had an instance of the
thoughtless mode of taking of the taxes. It was removing the
burden from some, and placing it on the shoulders of others.

Lord A. iIAIIILTOIk should reserve himself till theßill was
introduced ; but he was surprised that, proceeding on the
articles of union, Scotland was not to be exempted from the 2s.
tax. lle was for the abandonment of the whole tax.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that pro-
ceeding on the act of union, it was his intention that Scotch salt
should be exempt from duty. With respect to Ireland, he
should propose modifications; 2s. on white salt, and Is. 6d. on
rock. He was not disposed to remit—but still he thought the
regulations were susceptible of some alleviations.
Mr. CALCRAFT observed that the right lion. gent. had not
involved himself in difficulties from a hasty reduction of taxes,
but (ro•e the hasty imposition of a new salt tax on Ireland.—
The retention of a partial tax was surrounded with difficulties.
As to the boon to Scotland, it was good as far as it went ; but
the Scotch fisheries used British salt. It would be better at
once to give lip the paltry remnant of the tax.
Mr. 111:ME likewise spoke against retaining the 2s. tax, and
said another class, besides those already mentioned, would be
injured by it, namely, the bleachers.
Mr. W ODEHOUSE condemned the continuation of the tax.
Sir J. NEWPORT said, the tax as proposed to be continued
would be very serious in its operation iu Ireland.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT thought such was the sensation of the
country, that it would be better to repeal the tax altogether; to
lie enabled to do this, it would be better to suspend the inten-
tion of repealing half the leather tax, which lie understood
would make no changes in the price of leather.
Mr. W. Smith, Mr. H. Hutchinson, Sir I. Collin, and Mr.
Curwen, also spoke in favour of the whole repeal.
Mr. T. WILSON said, he was not prepared to support the
whole repeal, except they would show bow the deciency was
to be replaced. He was not for repealing taxes, except it was
proved how they could be replaced.
Mr. LEICESTER supported the total rapeal.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD trusted that Ireland would not be
burdened with this tax, for it would be the greatest injury to
her sinking trade.
Sir R. FERGUSON spoke of the small amount of the salt
duty collected from the Scotch fisheries. It was about 14,0001.
it did not pay the officers.—Petition brought up and reed.
Mr. G. BENNET moved, that the Alehouse Licensing Bill
be recommitted, and that all who attend the committee have
♦vices.—Agreed to.
Petitions against the remaining salt tax were presented from
Great Yarmouth, Arbroath, &c.

Mr. MANNING presented a petition from the Corporation of
Bridewell, praying to he heard by counsel against the Prisons
UAW/. Consolidation hill.—Ordered to lie on the table.

Ald. BRIDGES presented a petition from watch and clock
makers apinst the warehousing bill, which the petition strongly
condemned as a most ruinous measure.

Alderman WOOD also supported the petition. The peti-
tioners had already experienced great distress ; they had been
shut out from the foreign trade, and this bill went to destroy
the home trade. This petition came from Middlesex.
Mr. WALLACE said, when the bill came forward, he should
he prepared to defend it; now, he thought, was not the proper
time to detain the House.—Petition ordered to lie printed.
Mr. BIRCH presented a petition from Nottingham, com-
plaining of mock suctions.
. . - .

Mr. WESTERN rose to bring forward his motion on the
subject of the currency. He saw what calamitous results had
followed the bill changing the currency, and be could not neg-
lect his duty as far as not to bring the subject before the
House. He did nut intend, in his complaints, to arraign the
government ; bis hon. friends had supported, if not originated
it ; but an there was no infalliability, the ablest men might at
times commit eggregious errors. There never was a more ca-
lamitous measure. Statesmen had never committed a greater
error. All the dillieulties of the country resulted from that
fatal measure. There were permament evils, such as the poor
rates and laws, but they had continued fur years. The country
Lod thriven and prospered under them, and would have pros-
pered yet but for such bill. It operated injuriously on all
classes—the manufacturer and the agriculturist--on all except
the fundholder and the public annuitant ; sad if this were true,
PRA lie not right in calling that act a most calamitous meauru
It affected the industry of the country, ■nd it was calculated
to endanger property. It operated injuriously on all closes of
the community; the industry of all was affected by it. If that
diminished the currency one half, his income, that had been
5001. was reduced to 2501.; but if the value of the currency
was raised one half, the operation was in a contrary direction.
—From such operation the country had suffered ; all contracts
Lad been ruinously affected by the Bill. The raising of the
value of money, different from the lowering of the value of
money, was of most destructive operation. He did not nay that
the ruin was limited to the agriculturist;—it equally affected
the trader and the merchant ; it lowered the price of stock.—
When the means of raising tummy where thereby reduced, lie
could sot fulfil the contracts entered into under a flifferent state
of the currency ; and to raise the value of the currency, wan to
advance all the burdens oldie country above all the taxes.—
was astonished that this subject had been viewed so indif•
fereutly. It appeared as if an chance of 10, 15, or 20 per
cent. of our unparalleled taxation were es nothing. The im-
pietist. addition to the public burdens ought to have been first
considered ; but such consideration's were neglected, and the
fatal bill wss passed. The hun. gent. coneleded by moving for
the ilipimitithielet of a committee to enquire into the effect whieb
the act of lulp, fur the resumptiun of cash payments by the

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

Bank, produced on the manufacturing and commercial interests
of the country.
Mr. lICSKISSON replied, at considerable length, to the ar-
gumeut% of the Member for Essex, which he said were founded
on a false theory. That hon. gentleman bad argued, that high
prices were a proof of the prosperity of the couutry, and that
times of famine were those of national happiness. He denied
such a position, and particularly cited the slate of the country
in 1812, when wheat was at the moderate price of 1255. a
quarter, when the poor could not get bread, and when all our
manufacturing districts were in a slate of confusion, and almost
of rebellion ; yet according to the hon. In mimes opinion and
doctrine, this was the moment of highest prosperity for the
country, because corn was at the enormous price of 1255. a
quarter. Ile condemned the hon. gentleman's proposition
altogether, and moved, as an amendment, •• That this house
will nut alter the standard of gold or silver iu fineness, weight,
or denomination.

Lord A. HAMILTON was not linguine as to the adoption of
any remedy ; still the pressure of the evil was so great, that
he was willing to take every chance ; and he should therefore
support the motion of the honourable member for Essex.
Thes3larquis of LONDONDERRY rose amid loud cries of
" Adjourn.' If the house was disposed to adjourn (the noble
lord said) it would be better to adjourn at once ; at the same
time he could have thought it expedient lo get through the
debate if possible, as there might be mischief in allowing it Ur
be supposed even for an hour, that there was any probability of
the motion bring carried. The noble Marquis concluded by
declaring that he saw no cause whatever made out for going
into the proposed examination. (Cries of "Go on, go on.")
Mr. BROUGIIIA3I felt with the noble lord as to the expedi-
ency of concluding the debate, but doubted how far such a
course was practicable under the amendment moved by the right
lion. gentleman (Mr. lluskisson.) If the right hon. gentleman
would withdraw that admenctment, he (Mr. Brougham) should,
at the hazard of sitting something later than usual (and the
house seemed very squeamish now about sitting a little longer
than usual), be inclined to conclude the debate without adjourn.
went ; if not he thought it would be better to adjourn.
Mr. 11. G. BEN ETT suggested that the question should be
adjourned to Wednesday.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, that 'be motion of Sir T. Lethbridge
on the subject of taxation. would interfere.
After some remarks from Lord Londonitery, Sir T.Letlibridge
and the Attorney-General, the adjourment or Mr. Western's
motion to Wednesday was agreed to.—Adjourued.

E.UNESDAY, JUNE
Mr. NOLAN postponed till the 27th inst. his motion for
leave to bring in a bill to amend the poor laws. Should be
succeed in his motion, lie should not press the bill forward this
session, but should suffer it to continue before the house and
the country for consideration.
Mr. CAL% ERT moved for various returns of tobacco
that had paid duty, and what bad been seized, since Itso9.
Ordered.

Mr. GRENFELL gave notice, that when the Naval and Mi-
litary Bill was brought forward, lie should oppoie that clause
which proposed to give remuneration to the Bulk for their
trouble. The remuneration was to he 3091. on each, 1,000,0001.
The report of the Assessed Taxes Bill was presented.
Sir J. NEWPORT obtained leave to bring iu a Bill on the
subject of the Grand Jury Presentments.
Mr. R. MARTIN obtained leave to bring in a bill to regu-
late the office of coroner of Ireland.

Mr. COKE presented a petition front Halstead, Norfolk,
complaining of agricultural distress, and praying for reform.
Mr. T. F. BUXTON withdrew his motion respectiug the
capture of the Regain by Mr. Ogilvie.
NORTIIAMI•ToM COUNTY PLTITION.—Lord ALTHORP pre-
sented a petition from the County of Northampton, complaining
of agricultural distress ; of the pressure of taaatiou ; and prey-
ing for a reform. The petition had been agreed to at a county
meeting, which, however, the Sheriff refused to call.. He
agreed in the allegations of the petition. The ministers,
although they reduced some of the taxes, still left such rem-
-1111U1t811.4 would require the retention of officers for the patronage.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT said he should be against the reduction
of taxes, except the reductions could be effected with national
safety. Those that had been reduced, lie questioned much
whether they would relieve agriculture. As to the conduct of
the Sheriff, though the requisition was signed by 300 or 400
freeholders, there were none of the '• gentlemen" of the county
amongst the requisitionists.
Sir J. N EWPORT expressed his regret to hear such lan-
guage. Here were 400 freeholders, who had the right of re-
turning members, but had not the right, it appeared, of calling
a county meeting. Was that correct /
Mr. COKE said, it was suet country " gentlemen'• as the
one opposite, that led the country into its present difficulties ;
those " gentlemen" had supported the just 11111 necessary war;"
and what they now suffered they merited. As to the $OO free-
holders, ho hoped they would not forget what had been uttered
and that they would endeavour to be wore hos.ourably and in-
dependently arpresented.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT declared that he had supported the
ministers conscientiously, and that he thought the country had
been saved by their conduct. lie considered himself as ho-
nourable and independent as the member opposite.
Mr. LEICESTER condemned the conduct of the Sheriff.—
Petition read-and ordered to be printed.
ToBACCO TRAIE.—Lord BELGRA% E, in presenting • pe-
tition flout tobacco merchants of Chester, praying for the re-
duction of the duty, observed on the injuries that were sustained
by the revenue in consequence of smuggling. According to his
calculation the Chancellor of the Exchequer bad lost 25,0001.
a year._______

Mr. 11. GURNEY supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. LUSIIINGTON said, in contradiction to what had been
stated, that within the last year the smuggling of tobacco had
diminished, and the duty on it increased.
Sir J. NEWPORT replied, that he should like to have the
accounts.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was persuaded
that the smuggling trade was not w prosperous as it had been.
The duty on some articles might be lowered, perhaps with ad-
vantage to the revenue ; but he did not think that would be the
case with tobacco.—Petition brought up, read, and ordered to
be printed.
The vetoed report of the Holyhead Roads Committee was
presented, and ordered to he printed.
The Land Revenue fill (Ireland) WR4 read • second time.
The committee on the Irish Constables Hill was postpuued
till the 21st lust.

Sir J. N l'A% PORT moved the 241 rending of the payment of
Rents, Ireland. Bill. Ile wished the bd to stand user to be
cum.itlered. It was • hill entirely pruapectise. It was nest r
meant to apply to e•isting contracts.—lt wits agreed to be read
• second time this day three mouths.

Mr. It;. HENN ET ((served (bat the order (+film day be read fur
the r,”ittil.ibtion OI Ilse debute (us cask pay Int-Mi.— Agreed so.—
tau wutiuu and utucuUustut haYu,g heels (tact by the Speaker,

10

Mr. G. BENNET rose, and next moved that the ►esolatiosa
of May 14, 1811, be read. They declared a one poond note
and a shilling to be equal to a guinea. Having been read, he
proceeded to speak in support of the motion of the hon. mem-
ber for Essex (Mr. Western). It was a question of great int-
purtance, and he approached it with reluctance. Had he ap-
proved of the bill originally, seeing what calamitous results
had followed its enactments, be should not have shrunk trout
manfully coming forward and Avowing what was now the case.
Ile declared that they ought now to appoint a committee to in.
quire into the operation of the act. The motitio had been ably
brought forward, and he was astonished bow the noble lord
and the right lion, gent. could patiently keep their seats and
hear the statements of calamities that had been brought for.
ward. Hut all these difficulties resulted front those fatal mea-
sures which began with putting off the public creditor, and
proceeded with cheating the public debtor. To accomplish
such things—to pass such a bill as was now complained of--
was reserved for his Majesty's ministers. What was the situ•
stion of persons who had entered into contracts sine. 1813 T
It was ruinous in the extreme. The contracts were now is
fact nearly doubled. He was for the committee, to see whe-
ther something like a balance could not be struck, to malt.
contracts nearer what they were intended to he when entered
iuto. It was said that the parties entered into the contracts
with the knowledge of the change that had taken place.—Sums
might feel persuaded of it, but the public knew nothing about
the matter, for the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the House
had declared tbat there was no depreciation.—(Hear, bear.)---
The ministers names, who had passed such measures, ought
to be as familiarto men's minds as household words."

Mr. GURNEY spoke against the motion and the amendment.
Mr. RICARDO trusted that no step would be adopted to
affect the existing law regarding cash payments. He admitted
that great difficulties had resulted from the efforts to return to
sound principles of currency ; and he was not sorry that they
had arisen; they would prevent that House from again so
seriously affecting the currency. The bill of 1519 ought to be
supported.
Sir F. BURDETT said the present motion was calculated to
be most useful. The debate must be beneficial, and be thought
it was impossible for the House to separate without doing
something to rescue the country from its difficulties. Many of
the taxes, and a great proportion of the debt bad arisen under
a depreciated currency ; and yet all those contracts were to be
fulfilled with the altered currency. As such was the case,
where was the wonder that difficulties amongst all the produc-
tive classes should have arisen? The bon. hart. contended the
proposition of his lion. friend was most correct. Ile had made
gold, corn, and labour his measure, and he knew of no other
measure which could be adopted. As to the question being
one of difficulty, be acknowledged it was so, but ministers, by
their conduct, had got the country into difficulties, and they
were bound to find a mode of relief.

Mr. ATTWOOD attributed all the calamities of the country
to the misconduct and errors of government. lie agreed with
Lis bun. friend as to the necessity of inquiry, and therefore, if
ou no other ground, he should support the motion. As to the
amendment proposed by the right lion. gentleman, he must op-
pose it, WI it went to commit and pledge the House to a certain
extent against any future consideration of the subject. The
bon. member entered at length into a review of the subject,
pointing out the evils arising from Mr. Peel's bill, and con•
eluded by forcibly urging the adoption of Mr. Western's
motion.

Mr. Peel and the Marquis of Londonderry opposed the mo-
tion, and after Mr. Brougham had spoken at great length and
in support of it,
Mr. WESTERN rose amid cries of " question," and replied
shortly.
The galleiy was then cleared for a division, when there ap-
peared for the amendmeut 191--Against it 39—Majority 11:4.
The House then adjourned at a quartet past three o'clock.
TUURSDAY. JUNE 13.

Mr. CHETWYND moved, that the Lords' Amendment to
the Vagrant Laws' Bill, the principle of which maul to confine
the operation of the Bill to England, he agreed to. They were
read and agreed to.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented two petitions from the
hop-growers of Kent a,:ainst any alteration of the 64th Geo. 3,
respecting the marking of hop sacks, pockets, No.
After some remarks from Mr. Lushington, Mr. Calcraft, and
Mr. Houck, who spoke against the required change of the act;
and Mr. Curteis, who said the change was called for, as the
act lied been founded on misrepresentations, and that Susses.

hops were superior to those of Kent, the petitions were read
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CCRTEIS then withdrew his motion on this subject ; hut
next session he should bring forward the whole question.
Mr. A BERCROMBIE postponed, front the 20th to the 25th
inst. his motion respecting goverument officers, as connected
with the public press of Scotland.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE withdrew, for the present session,
his notice to move resolutions respecting agricultural taxation.
The further consideration of the Stamp Duties Bill Report
was postponed till Mouttiy.
The Tonnage Duties Repeal Bill went through a committee.
Report to-morrow.
The report of the Committee on the Welsh coal act was read,
agreed to, and bill ordered accordingly.
Mr. 11LME tooted fur the Espouse of the Irish Record
Commission, since 1810.
Mr. Alderman WOOD rose to submit his promised motion
respecting Ilchester jail.
(Secretary) PEEL said the magistrates of Somerset had
appointed a Committee to enquire into the conduct respecting
the jail, and the propriety of reuniting it ; would it not there-
fore he injurious to press forward his motion, when enquiry
was taking place.
Mr. Dickinson and Mr. G. Senn* also wished the motion to
be postponed fur the present.
Mr. Alderman WOOD said, he could have no objection
that of promoting complete Mr estigation.—He intended to move
resolutions approving of all that the c iiiii utissioners had stated
in their report, but he should comply with the wish of the House.
He should early in the next at *611,11 bring forward the coutluot
of the magistrates.--( Hear.)
The notice of motion was then wholly withdrawn for the pre-
seat session.
Lulu CO‘STAitt.i•S• 811.1.—Mr. BROUGHAM asked what
would be the probable expence of carrying into execution the
Irish Constables' Bill 1

Mr. Plunkett and Mr. Gott!burn replied that estimates could
not he made out.

Fuar FRUITS, LAND.--Mr. (;011.1.11:RN wished the
Loos Baronet (Sir J. Ntwport), to put 0H bt elution on Otte
uhjert.
Mr. HUME said, if the motion were to be postponed, be
trusted that the 10.0001. for the Unanl would not be required.
Mr. C01:1,81:10 said, if any were taken, it would out) be
a part. 3lotina postponed.
( rot cuhtilmativa see page 190.)
