_

14t

liere,) gave notice !bat on Monday he should move for lee
to bring in a bill to abolish
Petitions, praying fur the abolition of slavery in the British
dominions, were presented from Leicester, Salisbury, Pem-
broke, hull, and hum several other ptanta. They were read,
and severally ordered to he printed.
Mr. DENNISON intimated ti petition froth Epsom, praying
for ■ repel! of the coal duties.
Ordered to be printed.
Timm SYSTLIII.- - Mr. JONES presented a petition *ma
owners and occupiers of land in Peniblukeshire, on the 'abject

of tjthee.
Mr. HUME called the psrlieuler attention of the House Unit
the clergy in general, to the character of :his petition. It con -
twined a moat filmed proposition, the most liberal proposition
that he bad yet lewd :--the petitioners del not desire to affect
the interests of existing elergynacii—they offered to tiny off the
tylbes, after the rite of 25 y vet s' iturelisise.—(hear.) —Petition
ordered to be printed.
hold ALTHORN:: presented a petition from Imeshbe•osgk,
praying ter a more mummery and cheap mode of reemerefig
Mall debts. The petitioners, amongst other things, mentiourd
the fact, that an individual, in pursuing et the assizes fur the
Pesevery of a ►mall debt of 41.11 mi been subjected to taxed
50515 to toe amount 'of - Petition ordered to be
printed.
Nr.111111711 presented a petition from Nottingham, (Ms
'Mlievr) preying for the abolition of slavery iu the West Indics.
He did not know e list 'Melo tie the views of Muer who urged
forward this question. He OAS 003ln:rattly interested in lA' eat
India property ; sod Owlet: he would not state what comer lie
should pursue:ou the apptecetiog disiiuseian, he could nit but
chisel; e that many extiggerafeu ►tatemruta had hot abroad,
connected with the. question.
Mr. DENMAN ovule in fat Or of the abolition of slavery.
as preyed for by the petition. LA principle, lie thought, could
not be disputed ; nor that the number of ►laves had diminished
since the abolition of the slave trade•
Mr. SYKES wished to see the abolition carried,' though be
did not desire to view it carried by clamour ; tint he wished
the House never tit forget, that every morning 800,000'negroes
ruse, and were denied the benefits of British law.
Mr. P. WIEN FELL also spoke in femme of the petition.—
Petition ordered to be printed.
Mr. Ciente ee.—Mr. HUME presented a petition from Mr.
Carlile, now confined in Dorchester jail, preying for the inter•
ferencte -of the House, es the term of his imprisonment bad ex-
pired, std an he was hew confined no account of the fine. Ho
expected -that the Gusernment before this time would have in-
terfered. The bon. member spoke strongly in favour of Mr.
Carlile r geuerad charm'. r, drelarine that lie was an exemplary
(ether end husband, and an excellent neighbour. In 1816, the
petitioner was driven to greet distress, and thee became a
hawker of Sherwin's pamphlets. Eventually the petitioner
purchased the Register, and called it the Itspilsfieaa.—But so
difficult was it to sell that, and to•dispose of Paine's theological
writings, he could not bell Isis tiest edition of 1000, althoughlt
had been most conspicuously ailvertised. Such, however, was
the effect of the prosecutions, that he sold that edition,' nd soon
afterwards another edition 013,000 copies; when his wife was
prosecuted• the Repels:igen rose to 15,000; and 'Sri/oiler's
Dwarf, after the prosecution of the author, rose from 5 few
hundreds to 12,040. 'Mat was the consequence of so erro-
neous tut unjust a system. lie then comfit:third of the Judge's
'redemption of the defences as new sad frewevemlable doctrine;
and the seizure of the pelitinner's property, all the books on
Ile: premises, as well at the libels, which were kept for three
years. Was cot that a monstrous proceeding? Would the
country have borne like conduct towards M . Rivingtone,
the religious bookse lees, if they had been found guilty of pub-
lishing one ireeligionstibel ? What would the House have said
of the seizure of 15,008 volumes, and the kk • ping of them for
three years? The petitioner said,. bad the stock been left, 's-
cripting the alleged iibels, it would have produced near 2,0001.
The lease of his house was sold, Rise servants turned out ; and
after thud acting the petitioier Wits' still required to pay Ones
to the amount of 1,5001. without means to the amount of 101.
Ile agreed with the petitioner, that lie was placed in Me one,.
ampled situation ; that he had been vio'cully deprived of pro-
. pert~ ; and that he was still kept in custody, althotigh the
term of hie imprisonment expired in December last. He pre-
sented the petition with the conviction that it merited the at-
tention of thejlome.
The SOLICITOII GENERAL said, that the libel of widish
Mr. Carlile bad been found guilty ha I before been repeatedly
prosecuted and punished. As to the defewee, Mr. Cadile's was
one of remarkable length. It was not one of evidence—it was
one of address to the jury, On the gnat day Mr. C. commenced
hie address at eleven in tie morning, anal "(sentineled till ten at
night (hear); the met day he resumed at- ten and continued
till seven; and on a third day, lie again 'wean at ten 0' c>t•ss
and closed his defence at five o'clock. (Hear, hear.) M r.Co •et
tile thus proceeded, and when brought op for judgment, be ad-
dressed the Court at greet length• bat without inn. rimption.—
As to the seizure of the property the Government had nothing
to do with it ; the proeeeutcrs applied for the writ. and it was
cumpetetit to Mr. Cathie to resist it. Mr. Sheriff Par Lies I.nd
the writ, and had executed it ; sod before they went to sale.
Mr. Staikie examined nil the works seized, 110,000 volumes,
and all thet coel•l he to!ll out of thet winier, fetched only Set.
As to the incapacity of the prisoner In pay the tee., the has.
member had spoken of the vast number of copies sold, and
consetratilly there must have beeffirnmenie reempte.
Mr. LENN4II.I) condemned the excessive punishment end .
and the enornittus fines that seers heaped on this wretched Mau
duet proceeding, wire amonest the bededens of the times.
Mr. HUME, in reply, snid, as to the works roll, it would
be recollected the produce was expended in other works; it
hemmer invested iu via -k ; that stock was melted, and yet the
lines were requited, rte if Mr. Carlile had sold it and got the
money.
Mr. PEEL Outfield the recognizances had not been offered'.
lie should (deem to the primiug of tee petition, as the tworgeh
of it contained verions references to hooks declared libels.--
The House Or COMIIIOII4 vas WA thus to be made the vehicle
to circulate (hi condensed in.: selected libels of 60.030
volumes.
Dlr. HUM r: ,A I, it could be primed "reboot the tuarg'oal
stelementX.
Me. PEEI. was against tide course ; it was not for the
Lowe the. to inutulate documents.
Petition ordered to lie on the table, Mr. Hume &merges; Ifs
should reserve to [rewire' the repportuitity of hereafter moving
that the petition be primed.
Mr. HUSK ISSON presented a petition from the bakers 'el
Liverpool, prayieg tear die London Bakers Act shufeld bit es-
tended to Liverpool.
Mr. GRENFELL observed, that it would be utsnl to make
such act ;curie!.
Petition ordes.el to b' printed.
Fer cortftsivatiou C.,e page 133.)

,
