SOUTH AMERICA.

Our countrymen have frequently been warned against
the gross delusions practised by certain persons in Lon.
dun, who were urging them to embark in the South
American contest. Independently of the political
reasons, which, in our jukgment, rendered such enter.
prizes highly improper, unanswerable proofs of the
misery, the hardships, anti the disappointments which
awaited them acro's the Atlantic leave here placed be.
fore their eyes. Those, who in defiance of such admo-
nitions, have still preferred to dare the worst, have paid
dearly fin their temerity. A great proportion, observes
Mr. Hackett, who has just published a narrative of the
expedition which sailed in 1817, and of which he was
unfortunately one, have either actually perished, or
unable to procure the means of returning to their
native land, arc probably at this troment wandering
friendless anti destitute among the West India Islands,
dependent Nunn the beauty of the humane and charita.
ble. It is the universal declaration of all who have
been so fortunate as to return, or wlime letters have
reached Englan I, that not one of the pronn,cs Lehi out
to them here, were re.lize Chir arrivi:l in South
America. " The strongte :hist • s.trs Mr, Hackett,
" was 10:n1;f:stet' by th..,lnsurg., lii. .iiimission of
foreign assi,tanee; j• et ti native
troops, of those few I' i,":' . - it ti been
tempted actually to join •• .• • • • icorous,
as to subject aim to t.• •.• • ;Tista•
/ion."
When the brigitae to tonic:. !la •
arrived at S. s, it %.:;s.thtiti,i in
consequer...• utter disappititinent or' every hope!
‘vitit w!::-', it e5l left. Lngi.uul, to disb.ind it. This

V.': iS ;tel.

• doge, and the cnalpoilig it

were ai}a,)",...

th‘l)

y.tsly where

they were, an.: :.tarre, to go nn and be butchered, or
return home, as their means, their desperation, or their
fancy inclined them. We cannot say that our sympa-
thies are very powerfully excited at the suffering.; which
our countrymen endured, because they knew what tfiey
did : but we are prepared to express, in a most un-
qualified manner, our indignation at the deliberate
treachery and artifices practised by the self-styled South
American agents in London. We would Ihin hope,
however, that the delusion is too palpable and gross to
be carried on with much success: but if there be any
who still have ideas of going to South America, We
advise them to peruse the following extracts from Mr.
Hackett's took:— _ _

" The Insurgent forces were reduced to a state of
the greatest poverty, totally devoid of discipline, and
not one fourth provided with proper military arms, the
remainder being compelled to resort to bludgeons,
knives, and such other weapons as they found most
eradily procurable. In clothing they were still more
destitute and deficient, in most instances merely con-
sibling of fragments of coarse cloth wrapped round their
bodies, and pieces of the raw buffalo hide laced over
Their feet as a substitute for shoes, which *hen
hardened by the sun's heat, they again render
pliant by immersion in the first stream at which they
chance to arrive. A blanket, with a hule cut in the
mipdle, let over the head, and tightened round the
body by a buffalo thong, has been frequently the dress
of the offiers : and one of them who witnessed the fact
assured me that such was actually the uniform of a
British Colonel (R--.), who was at the time in the
Insurgent service."

It isrumoured, that his Royal Highness the Prince
Regent intends paying Manchester and Glasgow a visit
in the spring of next year, in order to be personally
informed of the wonderful progress making in the cot•
ton manufactories of this country.
It is said, that altogether his Royal Highness the
Prince Regent has expended the immense sum of
150,0001. on his palace and grounds at Brighton 1—
The architecture is in the Oriental style of the Kremlin
at Moscow. We wish, that the nest munificent ex.
penditure on the part of his Royal Highness may be a
handsome pier, which is so much wanted at Brighton,
and especially during stormy weather. Those who land
from the packets from France, arc frequently seriously
inconvenienced, and sometimes greatly alarmed by be-
ing obliged to land on the beach among the drenching
of the surf.

The Duke of Sussex has already received much be-
nefit from the Tunbridge Wells waters. His Royal
Highness is now frequently seen out taking the air,
either on foot or horseback.

Hardenberg, of Mount-street, is executing a life-sise
statue, in marble, of the late lamented Princess Char-
lotte, by command of Prince Leopold, previous to his
leaving England.
Prince Blucher still .continues ill at Berlin. His
health•is much reduced, and, what is so much the more
alarming is, that he has passed the age of 80.
The inhabitants of St. Helena have determined to
abolish slavery in their island, from and after Christmas
Day.
We understand an order has been issued by the Court
of Exchequer for the examination of all brewers' casks,
and those found deficient in measure, or without the
Hall stamp, will be seized forthwith.

NOV 16
