THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

created and preserved, and the public enjoy the most
honourable security fur conduct the most honourable.—We
do not deny that there may be, and that there certainly are
exceptions to this, as to every other general ride. But we
may fairly say of men thus drawn from the ranks of private
life to the great employ ments of the state, that to sneh, " the
consciousness of high merit, tilling the expanse of high Oa-
ion, the homage of the opulent, the powerful and the noble,
the music of popular applause, the anticipati,a of glory
in ages yet unborn, nay the immediate bustle of action it-
self, supply gratifications far too exquisite to be felt by the
slaves of avarice, the drudges 01' slavery, or the tools of
power.—L shall resume 40* subject at another opportu-
nity. * *

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FAOM firs FRENCH, DUTCH, AND GERMAN PAPERS.

THIRTIETH BULLETIN OF THE FRENCH ♦lt][Y.

VIENN•t JULY 30.—The 9th Army, which was com-
manded by the Prince of Ponte Corvo, was disbanded on
the Bth. The Saxons who formed part of it were uuder the
orders of General Re;;Mer. The Prince) of Ponte Corvo is
gone to use the raters. In the hattleof %Vagrarn the vil-
lage of that name was carried on the 6th, between ten and
eleven o'clock by the corps under Marshal Oudinot.
The HUPSe of Austria took the field this campaign with
82 regiments of the line, 12 regiments of grenadiers, 4 free
corps of legions, making in the whole 210,000 men ; 150
battalions of militia, making 150,000 men; 400.000 men
of the Hungarian Insurrection. and 60,000 horse, com-
rosin. in the whole a force of from 5 or 600,000 men.
WWith this force, the House of Austria supposed herself to
be sure of victory. Her armies are now reduced to one-
fourth part of their original strength, while the French
army has been increased to double the number it consisted
of at Ratisbon.

The Castle of Sachsenbnrgh, situated on the frontiers of
Tyrol has surrendered. The Duke of Dantzic has entered
T)rol with 25,000 men. lie has disarmed all the inhabit-
ants. General Thielinan has entered Dresden. The Duke
of Abrantes is in Bayreuth, and has pushed his advanced
parties to the fruutiers of Bohemia.

PROTEST AGAINST BUONAPARTE.
PTV% VII. PONTIFF.

The dark designs conceived by the enemies of the Apostolic
See have at length been accomplished.
After the violent and urtjut spoliltion of the fairest and most
considerable portion of our dominions, we beholdoursely..A, mi-
lder unworthy pretexts, and with so touch the greater injn‘tice,
entirely stripped of our temporal Sovereignty, to wh eh our spi-
ritual independence is intimiltely united. in the midst of this
cruel persecution we are comforted by the retleetitCo, that we
encounter such a heavy misfortune, not for any offettee given to
the Emperor or to France, which has always been ti:,! object of
our ntfeetionate paternal solicitude, nor for any intrigue of
W oldly policy, but from an unwillingness to betraybur duties.
T. please into and to displease God is not allowed to any one
professing the Catholic Religion, and much less can it be per-
mitted to its Head and Promulgator. As we, besides, owe it
to God and the Church, to hand down our rights, ui;iojured and
untouched, we protest against this new violent spoliation, and
declare it void and null.

We reject with the firmest resolution any allowance which the
Emperor of the French may inteiuf to assign us. and to the indi-
Vitittali composing our College. We tioul,l all rover ourselves
with ignominy in the face of the Church, If e sulrered our sub-
sistence to depend on the power of him who usurps her authority.
We cotnruit ourselves enter ely to Providence, and to the ntVec-
lion of the faithful, and we shall be coatented piously to ter-
initiate the bittercareer of our sorrowful days. We adore with
profound humility God' inscrutable decrees, we invoke his com-
miseration upon our good subjects. who will ever be our
.joy and
our crown; and after litsvlug in this harlest of trials done what
our duties required of us, we exhort them to preserve alwnys
aotouched the religion and th? faith, an't to auk,: themselves tv

us, for the purpose of conjuring with sighs and tears, both in the
closet and before the altar, the Supreme Father of Light, that
he may vouchsafe! to change the base designs of our persecutors.
Given at our Apostolic Palace, del Quirianle, this 10th of
June, ISO 9. (Loc. Signi.) Pius PAPA vii.

EXCOMMUNICATION OF BUONAPARTE.

PltS VII. PONTIFF.

By the authority of God Almighty, and of St. Paul and St.
Peter, we declare you, and all your co-operators in the art of
violence which you are executing, to have incurred the same Ex-
communication which we, in our Apostolic letters, contempo-
raneotdy affixing in the usual places of this city, declare to have
been incurred by all those who, on the violent invasion of this
City on the second of February of last year, were guilty of the
acts of violence against which we have protested, as well really
in so many declarations, that by our order have been issued by
our snecesive Secretaries of State, as also in two Consistorial
Collocatiors of the 16th of March, and the 11Th July, ISOB, in
common with all their agents, abettors, ndvif•ers, and whoever
else have been arcesArkry to, or himself been engaged in, the exe-
cution of those attempts.
Given at Rome, Santa Maria Maggiore, June 10th, in the
tenth year of our Pontificate._

(Loc. Signi.) PIUS PAPA SEPTIMUS.

Vizxxe. Jvr.x iB.—We have received the following order
of the day front Gtellerscloill, w here it was published oo the day
after the battle of Wagram

ORDER OP TN R 1)41'.

6 6 CCELLIERSOORPF, JULY 7.
" In the batt!e of yesterday the troops of the left wing in no
respect answered the expectations which I had a right to cherish
respecOng them, nor the hopes 1 had formed, the importance of
that 41ay considered, from their st rung and advantageous position.
The disastrous result of that battle must be ascribed to the con-
duct of these troops; for as the confusion was general amour
them, the retreat was made with too great haste and disorder. I
am also, with some exceptions, far from being satisfied with the
infantry. Several regiments marched forward too soon, and be-
gan to fire without any catise. They were besides its crowded
together that they fired upon one another. The Officers were
not able to rally the larger bodies, which fled in disorder, and
thus ground was lost. The confused cry which was heard among
the troops drowned the voice of the CoMmanding Officers.
" Had the Commanders accustomed their troops to silence,
and taught them to attend to nothing hut their orders, the separa-
tion of the left wing would not have produced such shameful
consequences.
" In every regiment which shall hereafter conduct itself in a
similar manner, the tenth man shall be condemned to die, and
the rest of the men shall he distributed among the other regi,
men's. The Commanding Officer shall be cashiered, and the
other Oficers dismissed. Cries of alarm among the troops shall
be punished with death. The troops must only act when orders
are given to them, or on the signal of the drum. In most rtigi-
ments the drums are placed with the music out of the reach of the
tire, hut the Commanding (Meer shall see that all the drums re.
turn to their posts, and ;ball take care that the troops under his
direction do not fire without orders,.or at too great a distance.
" In the evening of the sth, the regiment of A rgentair made
such had dispositions, that in the unprofitable retreat to Neust•
del, the 2(1 line fired on the Ist, and occasioned great disorder.
The regiment of Hesse Nemhttrgh did nothing but wander here
and there; sometimes were heard the cry of forward. w here there
was no enemy ! General Riese did not conductilimself well at
Entzerslorff. On the Bth, in the evening, I did not find him at
the head of his troops, and, besides, he did not follow the or-
ders which were given him respecting the attack. Ile shall be
dismised front the servkce of his Majesty.
•• The disorder which still prevails among the troops, proves
that the Officers of the Staff know not how to apply a remedy. I
shall trwielf set the example. I shall, according to the circum-
sianees, dismiss or cashier such Officers of the Grand Staff, whose
troops are not again brought under proper discipline. It Is the
shame of the army that so many stragglers and plunderers are
found on all the roads, and tr. all the villages.

•` CHA RLE3I Generalissimo."
DICREC OR JOSSPH IitIONAPARTE.

(Signed)

Joiepb Buonaparte published last month in "Madrid the f 4.
lowing Decree, which if coriatit s na instance of the consist•
eacy with which the French proceed in the execution of their
