THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

. -Fr

one of the most eloquent Members in the Cortes,

has urged the necessity of resisting FERDINAND
himself, should he re-enter his kingdom at the head
of an army formed by France, and composed of
Spanish prisoners or-parti7ans of the gallic Em-
peror. This mode, which appears the most efficient
to guard against the snares of the enemy, is also
attended with great difficulties and dangers, the
extent and nature of which we will endeavour to

unfold.
When the basest treachery had put France in
the strong places in Spain,
blind to the perils which

tered wide the seeds of discontent. Her numerous
agents would have poisoned the minds of the peo-
ple, and, armed with the eloquence of gold, woulLl
have brought FFRDINAND'S Government and abili-
ties into disrepute. They would have represented
his forced connection with France as a proof of the
beriefits which a closer union of the two nations
would, even in his estimation, have produced, and
silently gaining ground, would have at last com-
pletely alienated every Spanish heart from the
Sovereign, in whose cause the whole Peninsula
has risen in arms.. Then should he be in-
duced a second time to resign his crown, and
appoint NAPO/A:ON his successor, the experience of
his weakness, and the consciousness of his long
subserviency to France, would not only check a
second burst of loyal enthusiasm, but through the
force of habit, would render slavery itself less
degrading in the eyes of the nation, and weaken
the arm of patriotism. Time, besides, would have
but faintly repaired the ravages of war ; and
would the husbandman whose fields resume
their fertility; the shepherd whose flocks once
in,•te crowd the valleys, the artisan whose in-
dustry' revives, or the father around whom
a new family has sprung, expose a second
time the re:ruited sources of their wealth, or the
dearest pledge,` of their affection to the 'desola-
ting rage of I,va_? ? Exhausted by the energy
and duration of their first effort, as well
as by the blood whit ,k they have shed and the
losses which they have enuNred, they would shrink
from a renewal of the contest for a Monarch weigh-
ed, but found wanting An the vale of political
le consequences l)ex-
perience. Such woOld be the prob. 't
of the restoration of FERDINAND the Seventh to the
thrope of Spain, if effected by BUONAI NI:RTE. The
skill of the latter might elude the pro ,`'pions of
the decree proposed in the Cortes, whilst the in'be-
cility of the former would lead him anew into in'4e-
pendence or captivity.
In order to remove the possibility of such evils,

threatened him, or too confident in a tyrant's
honour, had crossed the Pyrenees and become
a captive, a sudden burst of indignation
shook the Peninsula. Armies sprung on every
side. Every mountain became a fort ; an am-
bush was laid in every valley, and in the name
of FERDINAND VII. the signal for war was given.
The liberation of their enslaved Monarch was the
universally avowed object for which they fought.
To avenge his wrongs,' they raised the dagger on
every officer or straggler &Om the lawless invader's
army, until they had collected sufficient numbers
to cope with them on the field. At the hour of
battle, the name of FERDINAND VII. awakened
their ancient energy. Defeated, they pronounced
it and rushed again on the foe. The various Juntas
which arose in every province, proclaimed FER-
DINAND their Sovereign, and called on the people to
rise in his sacred cause. Ambassadors were sent
to foreign powers, and whilst Great Britain poured
her hosts and conquered on the Lusitanian shores,
Austria armed in favour of an oppressed Sovereign.
His detention and attempted liberation were,
in the opinion of the world, the sole causes
of the Spanish war. Now should BUONAPARTE, as
it is strongly reported, relinquish the hope of con-
queuing Spain, and restore to the outraged FER-
DINAND the Crown which his ancestors wore, how
could the nation oppose his return without supply-
ing our common enemy with grounds for misrepre-
sentation, which might for ever deprive Spain of the
assistance of other Powers. Would he not say,
and might it not be believed on the Continem, that,
as he has frequently asserted, the war has been pro-
duced either by the restlessness of the people, or
the influence of our gold ; since, when the easy at-
tainment of the object for which so many lives have
been lost is proposed, it is indignantly rejected, and
FERDINAND With. the idol for which they bled, as
long as he remained a captive, instead of Meeting
with their support at his return, is declared their
most bitter enemy, and his adherents traitors, to
440 m no quarter ought to be shown.
NNint .of room prevents our extending these re-
mark; further, but the subject is too interesting not
to be onL-C.,.rno're reverted•to.

...f .•..

;.4,

..,
Friday, 15th ,This month, the whole of the State Lottery will
be drawn.— T'ic'kets and Shares are selling considerably. heaper
than last' Lottei•y;' at both 4, Cornhill, and 9, Charing-Cross,
where two prizes of2NOOOl. in the last Lottery, and five prizes
of 20,0001. in the 7ast year; brsides 30 other capital prim' were
sold in Shares.—Po.rsoins in the country; who-find adi silty in
getting 'Tickets or alar,.ls of the agents,tate &sired to 4pply to 4,
Cornhill, or 2, Charing-cross, London, where they may be sup-
pliedifpre.sent, by T.-Busy.
on the same tet ms
latlacmaticians say, thet'e is no such thing AS Luck; but how
can they account f'tit- a perevn, in buying only three or four
Tickets or Shares, getting thre‘'s or four Twenty Thousands, as
they may do in the present Stay Lottery, with Forty-four Ca-
pitals, and all in 011ie Day, the \ Vhole of which will be drawn
en Friday attic 16:li instant.

:.ssession of most of tl
I: -,'---41-. • . FiltralltAND either
$7./.?tof
1`24,4 II? •
ate.vfc:
toilk
vbe% , _,,r,r,.. ""•,___2.it tV,
‘Prior nyw 0, ;7

.diag.
