DREADEIII, ER UPT'ION.

I A volcano brisk rout at the m•nnttain of Tom boro, in the !stand
of,walwwa, near Java, in April the eruption of which
was 1) fur the most violent! tkit es er happened in the history
of the world, fat: e,..ceedine in the extent of its effects any of
the eruptions ofNestiviii•, !Etna; or klecht. Thee is nritloulit-
• d tesiiincny of its haring hien heard at Fortis Mai ihorl.ott,
;and Prilang, on the Island of Sumatra, nt...r a thousand mil.%
from the mountain. At Telltale, :00 miles distant, the e\ de-
ion lesenitileil a firing at sea so that a vessel ttas ordered t„. •
i.hase in the direction of the sound, to discover i;sseatisc. At
Batavia, hoo miles off, the sashes of the w itillows were so
shaken, that they required to be fastened. The ilia:unity of
ashes thrown out is ohnost iueredSble. At Lanni...sock, a towi:
m Java, MO miles off, the whole country. was costred to the
depth of eight inches. At 'Macassar, 12.1 s nines distant, to lee-
ward, Ow Comp:ins.'s cruiser liek.res had g 4 me port of her
decks covered a foist thick. with them. .The quantities within
a kindred macs oldie volt:olio werennost tri ;
forests aad towns, anti g op deep sallies ; even the
contour of the coast hying alt. red he tin in. As they were
lightei than water, they swain snow rhea n, re•t•itioling
so as ;0 stop the progress of ships. 'l-he darkness produced hy
.the east qv:Malty of dust 71; Ili, air War, terrific. At ISiaeassar.,
miles oil, ~ns 1211!, rind !nit uf.tho.llitleof April, it was
p:ts a it irk, :oat th..t permit:, mild not even see their hands in
"the middle (tithe thy. The destraction to turfortnnute in-
-0...a1'.!*/•4 in She eieinityrsa the manntunis has Iw n dreadful.
l;: or, a town abotit miles off, ni,•n, horses, e4111t.,
• :tl,;ve hs9it,!• Whialet eternal!. in the w;:y of a
ti ; i•roptioui, weer Oorrioliuto thy air,
. •-• 11 •••. 01 that ItMip,
a.• • T.••!. .•1..0 I^,ooo person;;
avt. ..t, 161141. iv . ow.; joittney to the'
ett six tnne. A dreadful ; et U the COlnetilleut;L j

• sit the corn, ti Hits, .:sal snits:lls near the spot. hove toren de-
stroyed; the spring► er veto! up: and wherever water could
be f::•:ntd, it had Lwow of's., noshing a quality, as to of
buntadtate thickness to those nho dra ilk it. The cattle 31111 i
IIGE,e6. at a consitierable di•t:u:ce, have died fur want of food,
iti ineianchaly innisbers. Even the Rajah of Sandier, one of
the richest and most powerful native,. nf the district, lost a
daughter front starvation, and the mortality would have been
toil greater, bust for the humanity of the Lieut.-Governor or
Java, T. S. Ratlics, 17,:ti. wh•t, on hearing tire situation of the
e%plosion, anticipated its dreadful consequence,, and sent
some vesse:n laden with rice to the wretched sufferers.

imPuRTANT DECLARATION OrrHE BEY OF Ti'N IS
AGAINST SLAVERY.
Tlv• Florence Giudir of the 47th April contains the following
Article :
copy of an important document, received by his ExecMiley
Lord Iturglicrsh, Ambassador of his Britaunic Majesty/o the
Court of Tuscany—
D..elaration of his (Highness Maelinimind-Bashaw, Bey of
Tunis, the well protected city, and the abode of 6.licity.,
made with the most Hon. Edward Baron Exmouth, ,Knight
Grand Cross of the illustrious Order of the Bath, Admiral of
the Bine Flag of the Fleet of Iris Britannic 7sittjesty, and
Commander iu Chief of the vessels of hit 'said 'Majesty, ein
the Mediterranean.
In emisideraion of .6. greet ieterest tWanifested by Isis •
Royal Highoess the Prince Regent. it Enaiati'd to put sin end
to the slavery of Ins Wye! Highness, the 'Bey of
Tunis, willing to give a i•ne:f of hi- sincere d•sire to maintain
Inviolably the muicablerldations which exist between him and
Great Britain, ant: of his pacific dispositions towards all
the powers of Enrspe, sill which lie desires to esta-
blish a •perpetual mate, dcelares 'that, In the event
of a future war with 111:y OM eil these Powers,soviiich may it
,please God to present!) all the prisoners made ty the two
:parties shall It trove be redneeel to slavery, lite shall be
treated with all possible humanity, us prisoners of war, until
• regelur exchange. and in theforni which is practised in such
cases in Europe, and that, at the mid of hostilities, such pri.
smiers shall be returned to theirt.espective country, without
1111145111.
1)011C in duplicate, in the Palace of Barrio, near Timis, in
the presence of the Almighty, the 17th of April, in the year
ofJcsus Christ 1816, and of the Hevira MI, the 19th day of
the Moon J 1441111 Anvil. Furnished with the seal Of the Bey.
(Signed) EXMOUTH,
Admiral of his Britannic Majesty.

Sir ROBT. WILSON and Capt. HUTCHINSON.

The following is the determination of the Prince Re-
gent respecting Sir Robert Wilson and Captain Hutch-
ieson—and, whilst the whole country acknuwithlges the
mildness of his Royal Highness, the parties themselves
must add, to that ti,eling of contrition which we hope
they have, a deep sense of gratitude thr the moderation
displayed by the Prince Regent; unexpectednioderatian
it must be to Sir R. Wilson, who in the following paragraph
of his letter to I.orlGrcy, published in the Act ofAcc s; t
contemplated a more rcrious mark of his Sovereign's dis.
pleasure: " Ile does not dissemble the unpleasant CO:IFC..
quences of his enterprize—he was rut ambitious to be
iatprisoned, or to lose his Commission: but he was re-
signed on 'both points."
