I ORK ADJOURNED ASSIZES.

YORK, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.
There was litelv prisoners in our Castle charged
with Ii h Treason—two of them lime, however, been
discharged by proelaniatittn-, and one (Thomas Nlorg in,
of Barnsley, weaver, aged ..:6) has been admitted evi-
dence for the Crown. 'There consequently are now but
22 for trial. Messrs. Williams (one of the Queen's
Counsel), Starkie, and Blackburn, are engaged for the
pristmeis.
Tins tlav, about one .s'eloek, Mr. Justice Ii tyley and
Mr. Justice Parke arrived in this city. The Court was
opened at a quarter past two: when the prisoners were
placed at the bar, and were indicted on three counts,
for levyin4 war, compas.in,,,! and imaging to depose the
King, to compel him to change his measures. They
severally pleaded Not Guilty.
Mr. Justice ILIVIey then stated, that it was very de-
sirable that it should be understood, that during the
trials no part of the speeches or proceedings should go
to the public, either by Newspapers or ottierwise, as it
might be prejudicial to me prisoners; and the :2ourt
expected that that order s:nitild.he strictly ;inhered to."
MONDAY, SUPTEMBER

The Court met this nioe o'clock eaccording
to adjouroment, Mr the trial of the unfortunaie men
Who were arraigned here on Saturday, upon a charge ot
high treason.
So early as eight o'clock the doors of the Court were
thrown open, and in a few 11111111ICS it became crowded
in every part. The prisoners, in number, were soon
after placed in the dock by Mr Stanelly, the gaoler. All
but two were young then: the whole had the appear-
ance of being humble mechanics or labourers. The
men themselves were calm and collected ; hut some fe-
males, who were said to he the wives and mothers of
some of the prisoners, appeared in Court in the greatest
agitation and distress. Soon after nine o'clock, Mr. Jos.
Lice Bayley and Mr. Justice Park took their seats on the
bench. Mr. Maine, leading Counsel for the prosecution,
Sergeants Ilulloch and Cross, and Mr. Littledale, who
were also for the Crown, with the Treasury solicitor,
also took their places. Mr. Williams, Mr. Starkie, and
Mr. Blacklitirne, appeared for the prisoners.
Mr. Williams tose and addresiwil the Court.

My Lords,—Since the arraignment of the prisoners on
Saturday, they have considered this suoject, and are now
desirous, with your Lordship's permission, to witridtaw
the pleas they then gave in, and to plead guilty.
Mr. Justice Bayley.-1 take it for granted that the
prisoners at the bar are all in heating of what is passing
in Court, and are ready to withdraw their plea of not
guilty.
William Comstive, a young man, who was evidently
the must intelligent of the prisoners, and to whom they
appeared to look with confidence, immediately said,
" They are all acquainted with it, My Lord."
Mr Raine.—My Lords, see have no of to it on
the part of the Crown.
It is right to explain the arrangement in consequence
of which the prisoners withdrew the plea of Saturday,
and took the course now adopted.
Smut after the arrival of Mr. Willims yesterday, who
was known to be the leading counsel for all the prisoners,
an intimation was made to him, that, if the prisoners
chose it, they might have their lives spared upon making
submission. This communication was simply conveyed
so tile prisoners, without one word of recommeodatton
or desire either one way or the other, and the men were
allowed one hour to consider tie proposal. At the ter-
mination of that pet iod they all expressed a wish to sub-
mit; and again, upon the attorney's attending them in
prison this morning, they all SW d, that they had had
the iiiot to reflect upon the sinject, and that they
adhered to their wish of availing tnemselves of the
proposal.
Accordingly, when they came into Court this morn-
ing, they were humanely apprized by Mr. Williams, in
a conver,ittiou with thew, ritat they had still to undergo
the form of receiving sentence in the usual terms fur
high treason. The prisoners expressed themselves
prepared.
Mr. Newstead, the Clerk of the Crown, then called
over the several names of the prisoners, who respectively
withdrew the plea of not guilty, and pleaded
The prisoners were all labourers, weavers, and curd-
rs.

Air. Newstead then asked the prisoners severally, in
the usual terms, what they had to say why s. utrucc
of death should nut be passed upon thew according
to law.

The prisoner Conistive explained this form, as he did
the preceding, to Ms felloww-prisoner Flowers, who war
%cry deaf.
Flowers replied, " I wish to agree with the rest of
my comrades."

Mr. Justice Iliyley then rose to pronounce the awful
SC Ist:lice of thy.

The pi J,„ Hers appeared much impressed with 3 SZ me
their setmatimi, seettiect 6ratefiii for the mercy
diey were mourned.

On Thursday, a lady and two gentlemen, all of
high respectability, arrived in town from Ccmo, as
witnesses in behalf of tLe Queen

599

ANECDOTE OF MARSH![. DE BRISSAC...—ThLS
celebrated General displayed, on u striking occasion,
the qualities of a great mind, by the punishment of
disobedience, and the recompence he bestowed on
exalted valour; having arranged his army fbr battle
at the siege of Vigra'', in Montserrat, in order to tale
it by assault; an officer named Itoissy rushed for-
ward with the major part of the assailants, without
wailing the signal, mounted the breach sword in
hand, killed every thing before him, and so asto-
nished the Spaniards by hit intrepidity, that the
fbrtress was immediately carried. Marshal Brissac.
notwithstanding his heroism, brought him to a
Court Martial, and without a dissentient voice, he
was condemned to suffer death. " Mon ami," said
Lrissac to him, "la loi juge faction: je veux etre
clement en faveur du motif. Jc te pardonne ; et
pour honorer l'intrepedite que tu as montre, je te
donne cette chaiue d'or que je tc prig de porter pour
rumour de moi. Mon ccuyer te donnera un cheval
et des armes ; et tu comhattres desorinais aupres de
moi."—" My friend, the law judges of the action ;
would shew clemency on account of the motive.
I pardon you, am 4 in honour of the intrepidity you
have shown, I present to you this gold chain, which
I beg you to wear for my sake. My equerry will
furnish you with a horse anti arms, and in future
you will in action be near to me."
A Swiss soldier, of the 7th regt. of the French
Royal Guard, recently killed in a duel, has been
buried in the cemetery of Vangirard. A young
and handsome woman, who was much attached to
him, and had fidlowed him from Orleans to Paris,
went on Monday to the burial ground, and gave
herself three stabs on the tomb of her lover. She
was carried off without hopes of recovery.
At the Perth Circuit Court, William Wighton,
from Montrose, was placed at the bar, charged with
having forged a bill, in May, 1819, on R. Tollo,
farmer at ()madly, for 2001., and uttering the sande
in May 1820, knowing it be tinged. The prisoner
pleaded Not Guilty; and a number of witnesses
being called, who clearly proved the libel, the jury
retired for a short time, and returned a verdict find-
ing him Guilty of" uttering the bill libelled, know.
ing the same to be forged." After an impressive
address from Lord Meudowbank, he was sentenced
to be executed at Perth on Friday, the 2Uth Octo.
ber next.

A young man, of a very distinguished family in
France, whose name is not mentioned in the French
papers, has been condemned by the Tribunals of
Paris to five years imprisonment, and ten years de.
privation of civil rights, for stealing a gold snutf.
box, and a watch irons hotels where he took llodg.
lugs.
A deplorable event took place at Fontainbleau
lately. A fine young woman, the mother of a
family, cherished by her husband, surrounded
by every thing that could make life dear, yet
snatched herself from it in a moment of mental
alienation. Married at sixteen, she lost an infant
at eighteen, and at the same time the use of her
reason. Having recovered, she became for thirteen
years the delight of her husband ; but for the last
year her reason had been again unsettled, and her
husband and son had set out on a journey to the
south of France for the recovery of her health.—
They had only made one day's journey, when, sit-
ting by her husband and son, she contrived to steal
from the pocket of the latter the fatal instrument
with which she terminated her existence.

Mr. Price, a gentleman formerly in the law, and
who resides in the vicinity of Lontfai, met with a
dreadful accident on 'aturday last, by falling off the
roof of tho Wellington stage coach, whilst changing
horses at the ship, in Chelmsford. The unfortunate
gentleman had both his legs broken in a most shock-
ing manner, one of them in two places; indeed, so
bad were the fractures, that doubts were at first
entertained whether his life could possibly be saved,
without amputating one of his legs. Mr. Price is,
however, doing well. He lies at the Queen's head.
Mr. Price bears his sufferings with almost unparal-
lelled resignation, indeed, we may add, even with
cheerfulness.

A few days ago a select band of St. Martin's
youths, at the metal toys manufacturing and com-
uercial town of Birmingham, ascended their St.
Martin's Gothic Tower, and perforated au I Lreu-
lanean task, on their ring of twelve bells, in a peal,
on that most intricate composition New Treble-Bub-
Maximus • emnprising 7,200 harmonious changes,
being the ingenious composition of Mr. Thomas
Thurstaus, who conducted the same, and was nobly
brought round in five hours and eight utinute, the
tenor weighing A cwt. in the bold key of 1). fiat;
this is the greatest completion upon 12 ►tells or, re-
cord. _ _

Change Hinging.—On Satin-Li iy, Scpttniber 1,
wus rang at Bishops S,ortf4tl, licrts, the lint Pe.'
on I;ie 10 hell!: of that church, by the Juniqr Ct m
pally of College Youths, from li:ndon, who r•u
coilip!etely 5039 GrundMirc Caters, in three hourb
sod tneuty luiuutes, c.onaticted by a Symoadsua.

PROPOSAL
FROM SPAIN TO SPANKS!! AMERICA.

-
The following' is an extract of a letter, dated
Angostura; July 1 8 : •
" I transmit to •yon o eery :raportant documents, re-
lating to the negotiation between this country and Pilo.
fillet, the Spanish General. I was permitt. 41 to see the
original papers, and you may rely on the hdcliiy of the
translations.
" The Spanish officer a ho brought Morillo's despatches
was treated with the kindest attention. Mine,: the time
he remained in this city, he lived with General Soublette,
Vice-President of the Department, and was ler no
restraint whatever. Ile was invited to a grand ball given
by a gentleman in the place, and the (irdo Chief ackilow
ledged candidly, that things in Angostura were wontler•
fully different front what lie had been taught to believe
they were. The compaey, as it happened. was unnan-
moldy brilliant, and die number of military men present
unusually great, particularly Ileitis!, several of whom
sported staff, hussar, and Highland uniforms on the or ea-
Dion. A public feeling was evinced by all classes on the
arrival of this officer, honourable in the highest degree;
and a decided prom that nothing short of independence
can ever satisfy the people of t .ese legions. In a trilling
difference which occurred about form, betwixt the eye
cutlee and representative body, the real and only grown'
of dispute was, which ought to have the honour of giving
a negative, and the strongest negative, to Mot ilio's pro •
A general Congress of the Represematitas of the
whole country, that is, of New Grenada and Vevez.tela,
will be held in the beginning of the year, to receive and
sanction, or otherwise, the constitution adopted ee; int: rim
by the Congress now sitting.
" Large supplie s of anus and ammunition have been
arriving NOIIIC months past from the British Islands,
St. Thomas. St. Domingo, mud North America, for the
payment of which all the disposahle resoui ces have hill,
reserved. As they came in they were forwarded np the
river, and will go to the President and the others in coin-
mend in good time for the commencement of opetations
the moment the season will admit.
" IVinter, as it is called, has set in with unusual seve-
rity. The rain falls in a deluge, and the °rotten.° is now
swelled to an unexampled height. not less than 40 fret
since time beginning of April. A healthy season is colitis
dtntly anticipated in consequence, and hitherto, indeed,
I have beard of no single case of fever amongst either
natives or foreigners. A strict attention is paid, more-
over, to the police of the city."
LETTER FROM GENERAL MORILLO TO THE SOVEREIGN
CONGRESS OF COLUMBIA.

Most Serene Sirs,—Your Serene Highness being no
doubt apprised of the events which have lately occurred
in the Penitisola, awl the triumph of the general wish of
the nation to re-establish the constitution at tins spani-h
monarchy, as sanctioned in Cali, in the year 1512, by the
unanimous vote of the representat ii es of both hemisphei es,
and positive orders having been received by toe teem the
Constitutional King of both Spain:: to enter into a liberal
and fair accommodation, which may re-unite the whole
family so as to enjoy the benefits of our political regene•
radon, and put a termination to the fatal effects of the
variahce originating in the desire of being relieved from
that oppression which has erroneously been thought to be
peculiar to these regions, but which, in fact, has been
universal throughout the whole Empire. I hasten to in-
form your Highness that I have openel comntionication
with the military Commander in Chief of your Govern-
meta, and his officers, and proposed a suspension of hos-
tilities, until a reconciliation can be effected, for the
accomplishment of which Brigadier Don Thomas de
Circa, Governor of the Province of alumna, and Doti
Joseph Domingo Duette, Intendant of the Army, and
Superintendent General of Finance. are commissioned to
treat with your Highness on an equitable, proper, and
mutually advantageous basis. In the ineitowhile I have
issued orders to my officers to carry the suspension of hos-
tilities into imulediate effect, and to t swain in the posi-
tions they now occupy, unless attacked.
Asa military chief, obedient to that subordination by
which may career has ever been guided, I made war; and
now, as a reconciliator, I cheerfully submit to the same
subordination, and exhibit those principles of liberality,
which the Kiog and the nation have authorised me to act
on, in order to restore peace and reconciliation to a people
by maitre Spanish, and which, by the eon: urrence of cir-
cumstauces, is entitled to participate iii the enjoyment of
to reform effected in our political institutions.
Your Highness ought to lose sight, as I do this moment,
of the horrors of war, and let us ha our views solely on the
sweet and delightful hope of uniting sons to fathers.
brothers to brothers, friends to friends, and Spaniards
to Spaulards, whom it fatality had divided ; and for so
desirable an cud let us join in welcomiog a conciliatory (Mt-
sto mien, which we shall improve by mutual consent, as the
judicious experience of things may dictate. it equalises the
Hideut' representation tit each pi ople ; one does not depend
an the other, and twist cmently all are free and independent.
In its suffrages rests the authority of formin.; the laws which
which are to be obeyed, and those regulations of political
economy for the improvement of agiiculture, commerce,
arts, and every spcceits of industry, without those odious
distant hots whirls the petty policy of past ages have
adopted.
arc Commissioners w lay before your II ighttess the prin-
ciples of reconciliation and I am, tharnughly persuaded that
affection and good w ill a ill cstalrlish fraternity, even should
your Bagfuls s.,froin the appreneosion of what has parotid in
the epochs or fury asal desperation, not agree at osicr to the
"roposals of the station, a hirli lifleinute in the i-h with
which it is animated of rendes ing it, It it:tool's genera! Iss all
Spainvh countries in thi: four tin of tip• gloat,anew.
its ancient laws had ranched, urd who re its new moitutions
will he more readily received.
What an agreeable inctamorphosis for us all, %Iwo we
can unite, and I be ishist tti its-client myself a ithuul ap-
paratus or war, and a. ere), as a peaceable Spanitith 1 banns
Joining in the general eipressions of joy at the victory reci-
procally gained over our pwsions. Until tais be done, your
highness a ill never be able to graduate the difference from
the General to the Cit last, who hes onstitatioind
honour of belt'',

Tour Nlot Serene liiihness's
Head-quarter., Lisracca,, :11.14 obedient servant,
June 17, 1820. PAL LO NIORILLO.
To the Most Serene Coil ress assembled at Goa:, and.
TOR REPLY or rile iso::r.nr. a, TO GGX• SJORILLOt
Most ellent Sirs,—The S.ivi UniiAresb especially
converted- for (br itine cbt ILt• Inttel IttitLt—tet

_

TN F, NATIONAL REGISTER

to it hi your Excellency from th • bead-qam tees 31U:race-is,
in date of Ilw Inch of June last, infortinug it that Ilrigneher
Dun 'lhionris de Chem tend Vim Jmepli 1/tnititigo Duarte
were coanuissionrd to proceed to this I. order tis
solicit tbe union of these e.dititri,•l tsith ti.e
monarchy aiid thm it., o (mid produce
the principles of recoaellititiou in,.p.i.ca by the nation,
deliberated nn the llth inseam, Lt a punlic sitting, aidl,
In reply, L trattrialit your, Elio:lithey tine foildwitiy decree,
vie :--
" The Sovereign Congress of Columbia, desirous of esta-
blishing peace, et ill :111111VVSUIT aily proposal which
may be made on the p.m, of the Spanish (toy eminent, pro-
vided it has fur its basis tile :t knowledAment of the stove-
reigot:, and I,ideverdetwe of Columbia, mill is ill admit none
that does not co ditto that pi tociple, so often declared by
the (iovernieent and l'eopie Of this Republic."
The Preside tit of the Sovereign Cougre•ss has the honour
of being Your Exc.:llene)... most obedient gig rant,
The President of the Congreti
FERNANDO DE PENALVER..
Felipe Deplane), Secretary,
New Guyana, July 13, J5.7:9.
Tut his Eared -I.cy Don Pil, It Pablo Mostly).
scull These Commissioners by land to
prejudice the :Idols of Illa people in favour or the emissaries
the King, who were 1111 toe 10th July lit :••t. Thomas's
ready to sail fur Angostura, in an American vessel. Tae
envoys of General NIIIIiIIO rent -tried oily ten days at Angel:-
turd, and iirmist ire Witt; agreed It) tor one month, but ertt,i
limited to those province:: thr.iugit mach the coniumstosiers
had to pas.

NAPLES

The fallowing document has been published at
Naples
AN ADDRESS TO THE ruicrisu NATION FROM TAY
INHABITANTS OF THE KINODOU OF NAMES.
" Let a nation that has produced a Bacon, a Newton,
a Lock, a Shak spea re, a Howard, a Sidney, a Lancaster,
as well as a vast number of othe. great men—a nation
a hcient in the true mid solid cause of liberty—listen to
the voice of her brothers, the people of Naples. Few of
thy periodical writers have publisned a just aml correct
idea of the happy, wise, and unstained revolution that
has rendered us worthy of thy sympathy and friendship.
One of them attributes it to party spirit, and another
has had even the impudence to affirm thin our revolu-
tion has been operated by :he partisans of our late extinct
foreign despot, as if there could be any of this stamp
amoogst us, in sufficient number to influence the spun-
taiwous will of the whole nation. These okra writers,
while they are unjust towards us, take front thee a por-
lion of that glory which belongs exclusively to thy
nation; for to thee we are proud to acknowledge that ne
owe, and ere long all Europe will likewise be indebted
to thee for, the inestimable advantages resulting from a
constitutional Government.

" Thou wort the first to give the ex:mph, h' the pa-
triotic exertions of thy inrelathtr,, win, by hard
fighting, and after the most see ere s•ru`yle.,
established political and individual lib.oriy; and ever
since, for nearly the term of two centuries, thou hast
practically demonstrated to the world the advatita;;es
inherent in a free and representa:ive form of government.
Finally, by thy virtue and henec constancy thou hast
liberated Europe front that colossal despot, whose diabo-
lical designs were the more terrinle, inasmuch as It's
means for executing them were always adequate to his
vast undertakings. Consequently, without thee, the
world must inevitably have been involved in the most
despotic slavery. Hence eternal thanks are due to thee,
0 generous nation! and thanks which every day inereise
in our hearts, now that we we lid Come tree, and that we
shall be able to enjoy its salutary effects. Clory, more-
over, to all the hems of Waterloo, where, by the con-
summate skill of thy great Captain, together with the
courage and di,cipline of his army, the liberty of Europe
was finally and permanently re-established.
" Wilt thou, or rather will those thy periodical
writers, who, front sinister motives, or perhaps from
precipitate and erroneous information, have fallen into
such glaring and illiberal errors, still continue to ins-
credit the glorious work performed by us, and which we
consider has entitled our nation to thy esteem—worthy
by our unanimous concord and moderation to be an ex-
ample even to others? Will they continue obstinate by
attributing to us wicked designs, secret views militating
against the general prosperity of the different European
States, or contrary to the conversation of the legitimate
dynasties actually at the head of the legitimate Got•ern-
tnents of Europe?
" Will they declaim against our heroic army, who on
no other occasion were ever more faithful to the oath
they had contracted on their colours—Pro !lege et Pa-
tria P—Or, in fine, will they confound brigands whh
soldiers ?

l'he dynasty of the Bourbons is dear to us ; we love
the son, as likewise the grandson of Charles 11 I. It is
to bun that we are indebted inr basing iseen consider,
as a nation amongst the Emopedn powers. It is time-
fore a pleasing sensation for us to see our happy repo-
ilt• ration accomplished during the reitm or the son of that
great monarch. Our most ardent and sincere wishes
arc for his felicity; and Our most ardent desire is to have
him for our itidependent King, subject only to the I.v.vs
of our country, which from his natural propel-is:ly, he
has always been ; but not, as hitherto, a siittject to his
foul ruin„ and perverse Al tni,ters.
ills liberty and our Gherty is the same thing; and
we ate determined to support one add the other, at the
cost of every thing that is dear to us.
" laanatiimotis nation! to whim Europe is indebted
for its IMeration from tsralitty—that has abolished the
the most inhuman traffic in our fellow-creatures—that
has spilt the blood and spent the treasures of its own
stibje:ts, to force the African powers to respect the laws
of civilized nations, nd for which, :torn our lortal situ-
ation, we are unfit I:h: k:,;.eateA obligations! 0! nation
tomitnently free, can these toy aforesaid periodictl
tvrtters induce thee to despise and reject our natural
rights or will it lie necessary fur us to deinothirate
in our regvnft..t.' :t lily partic,;l„/ advantage:, in

. J. ,

• -

indor to induce thee to approve and slel, and our success?
No! tollCill Vella I Jul inicreqed principles COU never be
cherished by the niajotily of the Briitsli empire; it would
he indirectly cundauuic,t the glorious cxeittuns of thy
alicesiore. •

" Oar country is rich and fertile from nature; thy
people are commercial, industrions, and mamdaerurers ;
hence an open and vast field fora mutually advantage-
OM intercourse Iktween Our ret pewee countries, by
exchanging the produce of oue against the manufactures
or the other. Absolute governments are generally ruled
by ignorant and perverse Ministers, as the King is always
obliged to nominate them out of his cum tiers or their ad-
herents. Obstacles invented by them, as well as others
previously existing which they do not remove, miner the
civilization of the c y stationary, and prevent the
natural increase of population: heoce our country,
which in former times has contained twelve milions of
inhabitants, at present only contains about five milions.
" Wise administration, spontaneous exertions of
the people, and free national concord, will, in the course
of time, render to this fine lertite country its pristine state
of prosperity.
" We, rich in the produce of our lands, shall by these
meatts be ably to pay a ereater tribute to thy industry,
which, nutted with thy ingenuity and art, deservedly
bvstows ou thee the first place amongst the commercial
'tattoos of the world ; while, to thy •still greater,honour,
a number of thy ph ilauthrophic subjects, actuated by the
111051tiritimis and disinterested motives, are employed, at
their own expense, in propagating all over the world
religion, peace, and public instruction. People of Great
Britain! we are anxious above every thing to have )our
approbation of our political regeneration, and to be unttd
with von in eternal friendship.
" Naples, August 25, IWO."

1 FROM SATURDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTRt. "".
••••••••••
BANKRUPTS.
W. R. Eginton„ Birmingham, dealer. Solicitors, Messrs.
Clarke and Co., Chancery Lane.
J. Cutler, Bath, woollen draper. Sol. Mr. Carpenter, Fur-
nival's Inn.
J. Stubbs, Castle Street, Leicester Square, jeweller. Soh,.
Messrs. Mayhew and Co., Chancery Lane.
R. Rainey, Liverpool, merchant. Sol. Mr. Massey, Liver-
pool.
.1. Slater, Wolverhampton, Stafford, maltster. Sole. Mewl,.
Hall and Willett, Bedford Bow.
E. W. Dickenmn, Liverpool. merchant. Sols. Messrs. Lowe
and Bower, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane.
J. Glover, Walsall. Stafford, iton founder. Sol. Mr. Wheeler,
Castle Street, Holborn.
J. Millt=, Wares Lane, Tower Street, wine merchant. Sol.
Mr. Lang, Fenchurch Street.
G. Warren, Bath, bacon and cheese factor. Sole. Messrs.
Wit:lams and White, Lincoln's Inn.
'l'. Thomas, London Well, merchant. Sots. Messrs. Richard-
son-, Walbrook.
W. and A. Copp, Exeter, linen draper. Sol. Mr. Brutton,
Broad Street.
DIVIDENDS.

Sept. 4i, T. D. Latham and J. Parry, Devonshire Square,
merclients-30, T. Hornsby, Cornhill, stock broker—Oct. 7, E.
Bonfield, Bristol, cooper-14, J. Nightingale, II owden, York,
corn factor—ls, T. lkl.Nae, Queen Square, merchant-7. W.
Tinson, Christchurch, Southampton, Mnltolder--9, T. Morris,
Bristol, linen draper—lo, J. Gibbons and W. Sherwood, Lim.
pool, merchants-31, J. Taylor, Shoreditch, corn chandler-7,
W. Williams, Amen Corner, bookseller-7, V. Labrow, Si.
John Street, droggitt-9, J. Jones, Worcester, linen draper—to,
W. }'rest and .1. ‘Voolner, Lawrence Pounrncy Lane, corn factors
—7. J. Goodchild, sen.. J. and W. Jackson, J. Goodchild, jun.,
J. Jackson, and I'. Jones, Bishop Wearmouth, Durham, bank-
ers-9, T. Nott, Bristol, shoemaker-9, T. Hall, Reading,
tailor.
CERTIFICATES to be granted Oct. 7.
J. Regrow, Braman, Cheshire, dealer—J. Harris, Redbridge,
Southampton, victualler—H. H. Hellings, Bath, money scrivener
—H. Phillips, Bristol. coaclinutker—J. Greenway, Plymouth,
brewer—W. Boantree, Princes Street,Westminster, coach builder
—D. Garrott, Portsea, cabinet maker—J. Welch, Nantwich,
Cheshire, shopkeeper—F. Poole, Cullompton, Devon, money
scrivener.
