•
44 THE NATIONAL REGISTER

.

PRIVATE CORENSPONDENCE. •

PARIS, FES. 1, POCK O'CLOCK P
A commercial courier has arrived about an hour
ego from Madrid, who left that city on the 26th ult.
at midnight. M. de Lagarde hull not then left the
Spanibli capital, but it was understood that he had
demanded his passports, and was to set out on the
following day. It is true that a band of the factious
Lad descended (rum the Guadalaxara mountains, and
Lad approached Madrid, but had been repulsed. The
reports of tumultuary disturbances, of a renewal of
the scenes of the 7th of July, and of an attack on
the royal palace and the person of the King, which
were spread in Paris yesterday on the authority of
letten of an anterior date, appear to be destitute of
foundation. Nithing is said to countenance them
in the letters from Madrid of the 26th.

This courier has brought no newspapers. He set
Jut with a series of them, but he was met by the
factions on the frontiers, and deprived of every thing
but a sealed packet of private letter.
rive o'cLoca
Since writing my former note, I have seen the
letters front Madrid of the 26th. The rumours that
were spread in Paris, of the advance of a formidable
body of the factious towards Madrid, were not with-
oat foundaf . On the 20th ult. a movement was
observed in the garrison, and bodies of troops were
seen marching away towards the north. The fac-
tious bands in Guild.'laser* had been too much neg-
lected, and therefore increased with impunity: they
Lad increased to ne .rly 5,000 men, and menaced the
peace of the capital. A good deal of movement and.
anxiety prevailed in the public mind on account of
the marching of the garrison. A party of the na.
Lona] militia accompanied the troops of the line.
They proceeded with all expedition towards the re-
bels, and attacked them on the 24th in two columns.
The column of regular troops gave way; the militia
advanced with boldness, and entirely dispersed the
enemy. The Papers of the 26th are said to be full
of details, but unhappily private letters, referring
only to these public acrounts,'flo not describe suffi-
ciently the whole of the circumstances. Madrid, it
is said in a letter of 10 o'clock p.m. on the 26th, ne-
ver showed a more calm and determined attitude.

SPAIN.

MADRID, JAN. I9.—The Journals publish the
following Answer of his Majesty to the Message of
the Cones:--
'6 MEasiBURS DRPIITICS,—I have received with
lively itatisfaction the Message which the Extraordi-
nary Corns addressed to me on the 11th inst., and
perceiving in it the contiirmity of their sentiments
with my awn, I, anew, congratulated myself upon
being placed st the head of • nation which so many
qualities distinguish.
66 The sentiments of honour and notional inde-
pendence, so profoundly rooted in the hearts of
Spaniards, offer to me the securest guarantee that
the existing political institutions--the object of their
predilections—will continue unalterable, notwith-
standing the efforts of their most violent enemies;
how, in this respect, can I entertain the slightest
doubt,.when I am witness of the effusion of the pa-
triotic sentiments and generous resolutions which
will render the sittings of the National Congress on
the 9th and I.lth of this month eternally memora-
bit. ?

" Those days have shewn, Gentlemen, what a
nation is capable of when the conformity of elevated
sentiments gives so generous an impulsion to confi-
dence. They are the most positive and most elo-
quent answers to the calumnious imputations with
which the communications of foreign Cabinets are
filled, and which have excited the surprise and in-
dignation of the Extraordinary Cones.
" Nations will at once see the tree manifestations
of my sentiments and principles ; they will be con-
vinced that the constitutional King of the Spains
enjoys the free exercise of all the rights vested in
him by the fundamental code; they will form an
exact idea of the true origin of the disorders which
utlict the country.
. _ _

and that the Assembly were persuaded, that,
to the Constitutional 'fbrone, and to the Go-
vernment of his Majesty, they would effect the tri-
umph of the cause of liberty, of the nation, and of
the constitution by which they existed.
The Envoy Extraordinary of England, Sir Win.
A'Court, is always in conference with the Ministers,
to whom he gives splendid entertainments. It is
said, however, that his efforts are directed to prevent
a rupture between France and Spain.
CIRCULAR OR THE MINISTER OR THE INTERIOR.

King

" The Minister of Grace and Justice has outman-
nicated to me the following. under date Jan. 3:—
" The King has learned that the Roman Congre-
gation, denominated of the jade:, on the 26th of
August last passed a decree, of which some printed
copies appear to have been introducel into Spain,
and from which it results, that various works of
Spanish authors, written in defence of the rights of
the nation, are prohibited. His Majesty cannot,
and ought not, to permit the Roman Court to arro-
gate to itself a power which does not belong to it,
and which has never been tolerated in Spain, that of
prohibiting printed works; his Majesty, therefore,
ordains, all Political Chiefs to collect all the copies
of the said decree which they can obtain, and to pre-
vent the illicit circulation of them. •
•• Tee bliaissar of the Interior. Jan. 13."

CAPE OF GOOD ROPE.

CAPS TOWN, Nor. 18, 1822.
IMICUTIOX or J. w. L.GEILHARD, sw, /OS TRx NVILDtt
05 A SLAVS.
On Saturday, the gist of Septeniber last, the
trial of Mr. J. W. 1.. Gebhard, son of the Rev. Mr.
Gebhard, Clergyman at the Plied, at the instance
of the Landdrost of Stellenbosch, ratione officii, pro-
secutor, came on before the full Court at this place,
the property of his father, by excessive and unlawful
punishment. He was found guilty and sentenced
to death ; but having noted an appeal from the sen-
tence, it was brought beibre the Honourable the
Court of Appeals, on Wednesday, the 13th instant,
and the opinion of the Court was delivered by the
Secretary in the following words :
" The Court having read, and duly considered the
appellant's memorial, and other documents produced
by him, setting forth his reasons fur appealing, and
praying a reversal of the said sentence, and to
award such other punishments as this Court shall
deem equitable and just, according to the merits of
the Cabe ; and the ration fedi prosecutor's replies
thereto: and having also read and duly considered
the wlwle of the proceedings had before the Wor-
shipful the Court of Justice, and the cause having
been duly assessed ;--doth dismiss this appeal,--doth
affirm the sentence appealed from, and doth direct
the cause back to the Worshipful the Court of
Justice to forthwith carry into execution their
aforesaid eentence."

After the Court had given its decision on this me-
hinchuly case, the Secretary of the Court of Appeals,
by the command of his Excellency the Governor,
observed, that " the Court baying confirmed the
sentence of the Court below, he was directed to
state, that it• is the intention of his Excellency the
Governor to call the particular attention of the
Landdrost of the district of Stellenbosch to the fu-

all from sin." Soon alter he was launched into
eteenity.
A circumstance so unusual at the Cape, where
slavery is in its mildest form, made a great
sensation. An immense concourse attended the
execution. There was no symptom of exultation in
the conduct or appearance of the slaves, who were
present in great numbers. They all expressed gra-
titude for the protection afforded them by the Go-
vernor, in confirming-the sentence of the Court of
'Justice, but at the same time manifested extreme
burrow for the sufferer.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTE.
BANKRUPTS.
R. Manning, Seagate Street, Piccadilly, tailor. Solicitor,
Mr. Robinson, Half Moon Street.
W. Wade, Gloucester Street, Queen Square, carpenter. Sole.
Messrs. Knight and Ce. Basinglull Street.
J. H. Sampson, Scukostes. York, merchant. Sois. Messrs.
Rower and Co. Bartlett's Buildings.
J. Green, Great Yarmouth, Norkdk, brick maker. Sol. Mr.
Francis, New Boswell Court.
S. Harrison. Southwark Bridge, stone mason. Sol. Mr. Hay.
ward, Took's Court, Gunnar Street.
C. K. Garlderer Lime Street Square, insurance broker. Sol.
Mr. Browne, Angel Court, Throgmortoss Street.
L. J. J. Noel. Great Ormond Street, bill broker. Sul. Mr.
Rumen, Aldersgate Street.
W. C. Atmore. Wood Street, 'Manchester warehouseman.
Sol. Mr. CLabon. Mark Lane.
J. Moreltotwe, Wells. Somerset, cabinet maker. Sol. Mr.
Dyne, Lincoln's Inn Fickle.
W. Brown. Barton upon Humber, Lincolnshire. nurseryman.
Sol. Mr. Hicks. Gray's Inn Square.
K. Muns and J. Hodgkin. Maidstone, grocers. Sols. Messrs.
Harwood and Co. Upper Thames Street.
J. Isherwood, Leeds, cloth manufacturer. Sol. Mr. Makin.
son, Temple.
E. M•Grath. Winchester Row, New Road, dealer. Sol. •
Messrs. Cooke ono Co. Clerkenwell.

" The sacrifices which, under these circumstances,
the honour and independence of the State require,
will be great; but nothing is considered too great a
sitcrifiee by a nation habituated to suffer, and to hear
no other cry than that of liberty and honour.
" For myself, convinced more and more of the
imperious necessity Chat all the children of this
great family should assemble round the Constitu-
tional Throne, I will steadily tidlow the route which
my duty prescribes to me; and if the spectacle of a
nation destined to defend her independence and laws,
do not restrain those who meditate to invade her, I
will place myself at her head, certain of victory in
ti►e must just of causes, which is, at the same time,
that of all the free nations of the earth.

(Signed)
At tin Palace, Jan. 11, la s."
Having finished the reading of this Message, the
President observed, that the Cortes had heard and
justly appreciated the sentiments manifisted by tic

ee P. Morganti. Brighton,jeweller. Sol. Mr. Mayhew, Chan.
ry Lime.
J. Salter and J. S. Foster, Kingston, Surrey, brewers. Sol.
Mr. Rippon, Great Surrey Street.
J. and W. Barlow Shefflekl, razor manufacturers. Soh.
Messrs. Tilton and Co. Gasman Street.
T. Lane. Charades Stmt. *Shoran. Soh. Mears. Dawes and
Co. Angel Court, Thregmereen Street.
VI V OPEN DS.
Fab. ISA. Famar. Kama Meet, Chempaide,
11.1. lielnaa• Sky. open Hall. maishant-11, J. .
Widow Sum. Bnialraide. elm morcbani.-Mardi •1, C.. B.
and H. Badrialmond Sir H. LEdilagora, Bart. Com/rill, banker's
W. rifts. Avon CM, Wiles, kanhaaper-1, D. Griffin.
Vlaswerth. fumee:t, J.Cnpps. Wiaboneb, draper-5, W. -
Whitaker. W and J. Whitaker. Woodchurch, York.
colliers-5. J. doddkwortb. Yorkshire, clothier-5,
C. Parker, Collkibineit. mateloant-1. J. H. Tucker Jermyn
Street, St. Jamon. eltymistS, J. Pasley. Bristol. 1:413baill•••
3. J. Wells. VVWI43IM. draper-3. R. J. Port, timplog. air-
fordshirs, druggist.l. J. 11. Knibbs, Lloyd's CON 14=1
insanities heehis.-.1, P. Atkinson, litddiame Place,
Street, bahardadow—S. R. Bradbury, Statia. dodos
—t, H. Hay and T. A. Turner, Newcastle Sweet. Strand.
printers-3, E. Maddock, K. Quinn, and S. UnimEn. Linefed•
• merchants-3, L. Frost. junior, Liverpool. merchant.
CERTIFICA'I'ES to be granted March 1.
G. Rainy. Marshall Street, Carnaby Market, iron W.
Robertson, Great St. Helen's, insurance broker—J gnall,
Manchester, factor—J. Cripps. Wisbeach, doper E. Weaver.
Bristol. ironmonger—J. G. Jones, Bridgton's, Shropshire, linen
draper—S. Brewer. Alderton, Suffolk, corn merchant—S. Mends
ham, Bryanstone Street, merchant—J. Rowed, Queen Street.
Finsbury, timber merchant—J. Durham, Shadwell, butcher:

ture welfare of the slaves who have given evidence
in this raise; and also, that it is his Excellency's
intention to take into immediate consideration the
limitation of domestic correction of slaves, both in
its nature and extent, as well as every other subject
connected with their welfare and treatment.
The awful sentence of the Court of Justice was

COURME OF E
Amsterdam, 12 BC. F.
Ditiotat sight, 12 3
Ketterdsm,l2 7
Antwerp, 12 6
Hambargh, 37 9
Alton., 37 10
Paris, 3 dayesight, 25 65
Ditto. 25 85
Bourdeaux, 25 85
Frankfort °tithe Isine;ls7
Petembeirgle, 91 8 U.
Vienna, El. Flo. 10 *7_

:CHANGE, Fits. 7.
Seville, 351—Gibraltar, 30§
Lezkorn,4l4—Genoa, 43
Maltd,lJ—yeniee,27 50
Naple*,39—Lisbon, SS
Oporio,s2l—Rahis,so
RioJaneiici, 43
Palermo, 117
Dialliii, 9; per cent.
Cork, 9.1 per cent.
Foreign gold i n bars,3l. 17s.
641. per oz.
New Donliloons,3l. 114.6 d.
1 New Dollars, 4e. 90.
Silver in bars,staudard,le:
1 lid.

Trieste, Et. Flo. 10 27
Madrid, 57—Cadiz, SO
Bilboa,37—Barcelona,

entbrced yesterday. At about half-past eight, the
prisoner, attended by Dr. Philip, who, from the
=meet of the affirmation of the sentence, had ad-
ministered spiritual comfort, ascended the waggon.
at the prison door, and repaired to the hall of jus-
tice ; from which, accompanied by the Rev. Dr.
Philip and the Rev. Mr. Wright, he was conveyed
to the place of execution; on entering the waggon
his step was firm, and his countenance animated by
the fervour of rel4,ion. Ilyms, in Dutch and Eng-
lish were sung until they arrived, about 10 o'clock,
at the final spot. Soon after 10, the members of
the Court of Justice arrived—the singing of hymns
coninued, in which the prisoner joined. Just be-
five he ascended the plattorm, which he did without
the least embarrassments he rs.quested leave to sing
one other hymn alone, which he did, in the English
language, with an undistnined voice, and with a
glowing countenance : he then addressed those who
were present: " I have but a few moments to live;
I wish you may all receive the full benefit of my
example. 1 acknowledge the justice of my sentence;
may its example nut be . lost upon you I—l pee. you
are much affected ; but I call upon you, in the lan-
guage of our blessed Saviour, " Weep not for me,
but weep fOr yourselves.' We are all weak and
sinful creatures. Let him that atandeth take heed
lest he fall Y I forgive all my prcr..ecutors, and
those that bore witness against ine. I die in peace
with all mankind, and ho',.e for salvation, toy
through the merits of Christ ! May he wash yOu,

PRICE OF STOCKS.
Rank Stork 2151 (Minium 0.
4 per Cent. Red. 77 Imp. 3 per Cent. 78/
3 per Cont.Consols 76/ India Bonds 43
3} percent. 91/ links stock
I per Gout. 93/ Exchequer Hills 13s. grew.
New Fours. 95/ Cons. tor Ac. 75/
Lug Anti. 94 Lottery Tickets

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 9.

The King's Speech on the

it of the

Session will be found to-day with our report of the
Parliamentary proceedings—it has nothing bad in it,
and to this negative praise little can be added—we
cannot help thinking that Ministers might have
ordered the King to deliver their sentiments a little
more decidedly, because they would thereby have
assimilated more closely the Speech from the Throne
with their speeches in the respective Houses. The
decided condemnation of Lord Liverpool and Mr.
Peel (but of the former particularly) of the in-
famous designs of " The Holy Alliance" and the
wicked part France is about to act in furtherance of
them redounds highly to their credit.—On the Op-
position side of both Houses the denunciations were

" FERDINAND.
