THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON:

SUNDAY, NOVEMBER co, 1317.

THE intelligence received this week, relative to
aflitirs in South America, is as contradictory as at any
former period. The information communicated from
St. Thomas's, describes the cause of the Insurgents, as
far from being in that flourishing condition, which pre-
vious accounts had represented. Dissections are fast
multiplying among the leaders, who arc united by none
of those ties, which usually bind men embarked in
cntcrprizes, of "great pith and moment." (hi the
other hand the intelligence from Trinidad, both of a
public and private nature, represent the efforts of Brion
on the Orinoko, against the Royal fleet, as havieg been
crowned with the most complete success. If we believe
all he says in his dispatches to Bolivar, the courage of
the Royalists has forsaken them, and he has but" to
.erne, see and overcome." He claims a victory on the
.11 of Illy, where five Insurgent gun boats, comman-
i Cspt. Dias, encountered nineteen vessels of

TflP NATIONAL REGISTER.

the Royalists and beat them all ! Indeed the whole of
the dispatches are so over-done that we cannot but
suspect the veracity of their stateuaects.

Parlia'.neut meets for the dispatch of businers on
Wednesday the 517th of January. The Proclamation
for assembling it on that day appeared in the Gazette
of lest night.
The Duke of York has, it is said, expressed a deter-
mination to resign his situation of Commander in Chief.
It is believed that at the last Council which was held,
this important change was finally settled. His Grace's,
nearer proximity to the throne by the lamented death
of her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte has ren-
dered this measure one of great propriAy.

The Prussians are still labouring or the difficult
work of forming a constitution. The Cammission which
was sonic time ago appointed to enquire into, and re-
port on the subject, have recommended that, except
in the Rhenish provinces, the Old l'ivincial States
should be re-established in their old rights ; and then,
that modifications suited to the age, should be made in
them with their own consent, and by their own ad-
vice. This is a whimsical mode of proceeding, and
leads one strongly to suspect the sincerity of those who
recommend it. Those " old rights" which they speak
of; wholly excluded from the assemblies of the State all
persons except Nobles, l'relatcs and Magistrates ; the
convulsions which the country has sustained have been
insensibly producing a change in this system by which
(as they are designated in an article in the Berlin pa-
pers) " philosophers, profi•ssors, advocates and boors"
have been permitted to participate in the administration
of affairs. This change, however irregularly made. must
undoubtedly been more favourable to general liberty
than the old system ; and we cannot but look suspicious-
ly on those men who express an opinion favourable to
liberty, and vet recommend, as a preliminary step to
throw the States back into that state of comparative
slavery from which accidental circumstances had re-
lieved them.

The Brussels Papers of the 21st. contain the follow-
ing particulars of a disagreement between the King of
the Netherlands and the Prince of Orange, his son :
" Every one knows that his Royal Highness is charg-
ed with the direction of the War department. M. Colts
was placed under him with the title of Commissary
General. It is said, that M. Goltz submitted to the
King a plan concerning the officers on half-pay, that
the result of this plan was, that 42 of those officers who
were worthy of recommendation from their distinguish-
ed services, and who, on that amount, had been parti-
cularly recommended by his Royal Highness, were
placed at the disposition of the Colonial Minister, to be
sent to Batavia. That the Prince considered this mode
of placing them on active service inconsistent with
the protection and kindness he had manifested towards
them. That it appeared to him, if he had the supreme
direction of the War Department, it was but common
decorum to ask his opinion, and that M. Goltz had
entirely failed in that respect. It is said that in con-
sequence, he has entreated the King, as a &your, that
he may have no more intercourse with M. Goltz, by
his Majesty giving a dismissal to one or the other. II
is added, that the King desired to rye the Prince, to
give a verbal explanation upon the subject ; but that
the latter, fearing he should hesitate between the dic-
tates of honour and his respectful affection for his Ma-
jesty, entreated that he would take his request into
consideration, and signify his sovereign will previously.
It is certain that the King has accepted the resigna-
tion of all the offices held by the Prince his son. We
arc assured, however, that after this, these august per.
sons had an interview at the residence of our beloved
Princess, who shares with the house of Nassau the love
and the respect of the inhabitants of the kingdom"—
Journal de La Belgique.
Paris Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday List, were
received yesterday ; their contents are not very impor-
tant. No public business has taken place in the
Chamber of Deputies, except the appointment of a
Central Committee, to examine the Prgjet of the Law
respecting the Press. Apprehensions are felt along the
coasts of France, as well as those of Spain and Por-
tugal, lest the Algerine fleet, now at sea, should com-
municate the plague. The Board of Health at Mar-
seilles has issued orders for enforcing a most rigorous
quarantine in teat port towards vessels, coming from
whatever quarter they mar ; and similar precautions
arc to be forthwith adopted in every French port. It
appears by a letter from the French Consul at Cadiz,
that these pestiferous freebooters board every yeesel
they meet, and make prize all that suits them.
Letters from Gibraltar of the 10th instant, state
that the Algerine plague squadron had made its ap-
pearance in the Bay, but was not permitted to anchor
within leech of the guns of the fi,rtress, and theta guard
• ship had been dispatched to keep it at a proper distance.
The ruck continues very healthy, abundant showers of
rain have &lien rather earlier than usual, and been
succeeded by a course of very fine weather. All appre-

Nov. 50.

- -•—
hensions of fever had subsided ; the encampments had
been broken up, and the troops had returned in high
spirits into their respective barracks. Part of the 35th
Regiment arrived from. Malta, in the Issabella trans-
port, on the 4th inst. and being put under quarantine,
had not landed at the date of our letters.
On the suliject of South American affairs, the 3lorn-
Lag Chronicle seems to imagine, that a spirit of avarice
pervades this nation, sufficiently powerful to overcome
principles of justice, when brought into a compe-
tition with commercial advantages. That Journal
labours to establish in the breasts of Englishmen, a
thirst after the trade of South America. without any
regard to the dishonour of injuring an ally or friend.—
It is not denied, and never has been denied, that a
greater degree of commerce exists between this country
and the Sranish colonies, than was formerly the case,
because it is known that a trade has been opened be-
tween some of the British ports, and those under the
dominion of the Court of Spain. Bat although Great
Britain enjoys a greater intercourse with South Ame-
rica at present than formerly, it is far from being cer-
tain that this would continue to be the ease if Spanish
America was emancipated and thrown open to the Con.
tinent of Europe and ports of North America.
We have accounts from the North-west country of
Canada Lord Selkirk has been held to bail, by the
Government Commissioners, in the sum of 6,0001. to
appear in Montreal on the Ist of next March. The
North-west Partners however,refitsed to become bound
to prosecute. They assign as a reason for this, that his
Lordship ought to have been sent down a prisoner,
upon the heavy charges alledged against him. The
prosecution, therefore, if carried on at all, must be ut
the suit and expense of Government. Captains Ma-
they and D'Orsonnes, and Messrs. Allen, WDonell,
Pampluin, M'Leod, and Bruce, in the service of
Lord SELKIRK, were also held to bail, in different
sums, front 4001. to 3,5001. It was expected Lord
Selkirk would return to Canada before the end of the
season.

The following letter is from a British Officer, who
left town last spring to join the South American Insur-
gents. Such letters, we believe, might be written by
every one who has been deluded into the notion that
the service of the revolters is one of comfort cm;
wealth.—

SOUTH AMERICA-ON TIIF BANKS OF THE OHARA.

PICKS MATURIN, 6TII SEPT. 1817.
" I arrived among the Patriots at Yrapa about the
latter end of July. While we remained there we got
nothing but salt fish for our rations, and a bottle of
rum a day. From Yrapa we were sent in an open
lent to La Pica de Maturin. From thence we walked
to this place, where we arrived after a most fatiguing
journey. For three days, the half of each day's march
was through mud, often through water up to the waist,
and obliged to carry our knapsacks. At night we were
gem:sally annoyed by wild beasts, and always by mus-
quitoes. On our arrival here we had no reason to
complain of the way in which were received. Indeed,
for the first week we were treated well enough ; but
it did not last long : they soon seemed to get tired of us,
and at last we got nothing to eat but what we could
buy for ourselves, and we get no pay, for they have none
to give. Beef is plenty enough here, but no money to
buy it nor cooking pots, and we cannot cook it for our-
selves. There is no such thing as salt or spices of any
kind to be had. Owing to the uncleanliness occae
sinned by all kinds of filth being thrown about, what
with the bad living and constant rains, we had
not been long here before we were all attacked by the
fiver. I was so ill for ten days that I could hardly
move, and had nearly given way to it; but I roused
myself, and have almost recovered. One of our com-
panions is still so ill, that he can hardly move across the
room, hut I hope to be able to send him away. Ano-
ther, after being seine time ill of the fever, broke out
in sores like a Lazarus. In short, it is impossible in a
letter to describe all the misery we have suffered.
There is no regular force throughout the country, nor
have we any disciplined soldiers, and the mo& of
fighting is always in ambuscades. Indeed the Patriot
force never ventures into the plains, unless when they
think they can surprise their enemies, Of the eight of
us who left St. Thomas's, in two days, I shall, probably
be the only one left to fight for the cause of the Patriots,
and as soon as I can get a passage to Trinidad, I shall
be off too.

" Whoever lives a few months among the people of
this country, will try to get away from them as soon as
he can. They ilo not want any assistance from threign-
ers, and look with a jealous eye on every one who comes
among them."... _ _ _

Th—e Prince Leopold, after the funeral, being pressed
to sleep at Windsor by the Royal Family, declined,
saying, "I must return to-night, or I shall never re-.
turn 1'

Timm. AT 1:111(atToN.- On Friday, the three persons
charged under the Verdict of the Coroner's jury, with the
murder of Mr. nowles, the hcadhorongli, were brought into
the Court of kiog's Deitch, and admitted to hail. Mr.
scarlett intimat,..l that it wait iiim intention to move the coon
on the first day of neat Term, for a criminal inhirtuation
against the Editor of a certain newspaper, for having !lab'
fished in his joisinal a atatenii nt of what occurred at Brigh-
ton, on the do Minded to, calculated to have an improper
effect upon the minds of the Curuuer•e jury.

NOV. $O.

THE DRAMA.

COVENT-GARDEN.

The revival of The Cabinet on Tuesday evening, re-
newed the many pleasing recollections which its merits
and recommendations, in reference to musical composi-
tion, and the superior vocal talent which supported the
leading characters at the time of its projection and suc-
cessful run, could not fail to attach. Mr. Brahma, as
befitre, sustained the part of Prince Orlando ; but we
must confess his operatic exertions were far from being
commensurate with those presented at the period al-
luded to. His first song was singularly illustrative of
this opinion ; its execution was tastless and incorrect.
The human voice cannot, we are aware, on every occa-
sion assume the same desired tone and character ; had
the deficiency rested here the ungracious task of cen-
sure had not oppressed our columns. In labouring to
excel, Mr. Brahant's error seems to consist. Nought
is so subversive of beauty, as redundancy of ornsment,
sinless, indeed, that beauty be calculated to astonish, ra-
ther than subdue. Of a directly opposite tendency to
the former, is the air in question. The words convey
the idea of a heart captive to the tenderest emotions,
and breathing its wailing' in all the chastity of pen-
sive sorrow and melancholy incitement. Their soul
and expression is love. The melody in which they are
wafted, is of itself highly characteristic, and reflects
every credit upon the genius that constructed its ar-
rangement. Mr. Braham, by introducing the trickery
of art, despoiled it of its very essence, pathos and feel-
ing. A contested encore ffillowed, and we were nearly
as much disappointed as lictiire In " Fair Ellen,'
however, his triumph was complete, every tone vibrat-
ed to the heart, intricacy of science Was thrown aside
for sweetness and simplicity, and the magic of sound in
its purest elements smote throughout on the enraptured
ear. In the admired " rolacca," which blends both ex-
tremes, .. r. Braham was loudly and deservedly ap-
plauded, yet even here the wish to surprise superseded
in some degree the power to charm. Miss Stephens re-
presented, fur the first time, the character of Media,
and considering her talent as an actress has hitherto
been shewn us the reverse of playfulness and archness,
in a manner highly flattering and encouraging. Her
bantering the Marquis in " the bird in yonder cage,"
was diverting in the extreme. There was flippancy in
her expression and acting truly descriptive of Floretta.
Her singing was as usual fraught with every excellence.
The air above mentioned bore the distinction of being
the best. In the duet with Brah•un she appeared to
feel the arduousness of her task, and this served in some
respects to check the expansion of her powers. The house
was but thinly attended.
Friday nignt Miss Brunton, appeared fur the first
time in the very difficult part of Beatrice in Mitch
ado about Nothing. We hays not seen het, but report
says that she acquitted herself with great ability.
ItUItY.LANE.

On Monday evening, awing to the indisposition of
Mr. Kean, the part of Gloucester in King Richard Me
Third was enacted by Mr. Maywootl. His pertbrm_
ante iticed considerable knowledge of the subject.
Some of ti►e scenes afforded a very flattering display of
his histrionic talent und powers. lie was warmly ap-
plauded throughout.
Sheridan's admirable Comic Opera The Duenna, was
on Thursday evening performed. The novelty of the
occasion was Miss Byrne's first appearance as Clara. She
was eminently successful, the most conspicuous of the
airs " Adieu thou dreary pile," which in point of com-
}tuition, displays a depth of ►ausical skill almost with-
out a parallel, was girt% with the most correct and
pleasing effect. To sweetness of style, this lady adds
surprising brilliaacy of execution. Her minstrelsy may
truly merit the description of concord blended with
science. A more favourable specimen than that above
quoted, we have not hitherto heard. It was raptur-
ously encored. Dowton's Isaac Mendoza was as usual
inimitably illustrative of comic. excellence ; Mrs. Spark's
D►senna laid claim to every praise. The rest of the
characters were hut ill sustained. The fills of Me
Clyde followed, This piece possesses bat little merit
beyond beauty of scenery and effective representation.

A Russian Commissioner, who came on board the
Patrieker, Russian frigate from Revel, arrived in town
on Friday, and immediately waited on the Spanish Am-
bassador to fulfil the instructions of his Government,
by resigning to his Excellency the disposal of the Rus-
sian squadron which has just reached the British shores.
In the first instance it will be ocdored to Portsmouth,
and after receiving on board some necessaries, it will
proceed to Spain.
Letters reached town on Thursday from New South
Wales, dated April 26. The colony was gning on
well. The Kangaroo, reported some time since to
have been taken possession of by some desperadoes,
sailesl on the nth from Sydney, with dispatches lor
England, and is hourly expected. Mannfiutures and
articles of all kinds were in abundance and very cheap ;
and the largest exportation of wool cud skins 14 Eng-
land bud taken place.
Young Ashford, it seems, has been denianed, which
it is said, exempts hint from Abraham Thorntun'.s plea
of Wager of Battle.

•••••••‘••,..•••••..

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

THE QUEI,,N.

BATH, Nov. 25.—The Queen did not perform her
journey so easily as before. Although she left Wind-
sor nearly an hour sooner, it wet about six o'clock yes-
terday evening before she al rived at her house in Syd-
ney-place. Her Majesty was received by his Royal
Highness the Duke of Clarence, who had arrived
nearly an hour balm: ; and she appeared evidently th-
tigued by the journey ; tor, as she was stepping from
her carriage into the house, her foot caught the thredi-
hold, and she would certainly have fallen, had not his
Royal Highness been at hand to support her. General
Taylor arrived about an hour after.
Her Majesty's return to Bath was marked by none
of those joyful acclamations, which greeted her last
entrance She had, indeed, signified her express de-'
sire, that no military escort should attend her, and
that her entrance might be as quiet as possible. lode-
pendently of this, much as her Majesty's presence was
desired by the iahabitants of Bath, yet the grief which
the nation shares, has thrown a gloom over every face,
and the arrival of these illustrisus personages appeared
to be scarcely no.ice'l.
Soon after the arrival of her Majesty, the royal party
sat down to dinner, and afterwards retired early to rest.
No company had been admitted, and the residence of
her Majesty remained in the most perfect silence, dis-
tinguished only by two grenadier centittels of the 38th
regiment.
-During the journey from Windsor, her Majesty
alighted twice; first, at the King's Head Inn, Thatcham,
where, whilst the horses were being changed, she par-
took of sandwiches, which had been brought from
Windsor, and again at the Castle Inn, at Marthorough,
where the Staff of the Wiltshire Militia formed a guard
of honour. We understand that the landlord of the '
Pelican hotel, at Speenbamiand, had also made great
preparation ; and as the royal carriages approached the
house, a carpet was laid on the pavement. They, how-
ever, all passed on without stopping ; but her Majesty
directed some of her suite to express her regret at the
circumstance, and to say, that she would visit that
house on her return.

THE PRINCE LeoPato —At NVindsor, Prince Leo-
pold, when he first entered the roam (wherein all that
his heart held dear was deposited), took off the coronet
and cushion, and gazed with mute and fixed attention,
his eyes streaming with tears. His Highness after-
wards removed the pall ; and after reading the inscrip-
tion, threw himself upon the coffin, which he em-
braced with a frantic ardour. The Duchess of York
was so much affected when she paid her first visit of
condolence at Claremont, as so be unaldo to enter the
presence of Prince Leopold. IrPer Royal Highness was
seized with an hysteric fit, which was so alarming that
it became necessary to removo her out of the house.—
Coio for

The Common Council of London, however deeply
sympathising in the recent affliction, have, with great
propriety, determined to abstain from presenting an ad-
dress to the Prince Regent on the death of his dat:hgter.
As such an address must constitutionally have been
received on the T•mune, and been replied to from
thence, the emotions which it would have excited
would have been too painful. Other addresses, with
the exception of those from the Universities, as they
produce no personal interview, stand on different
grounds; they will not be more affecting to the Royal
feelings than the advertisement of the Common Coun-
cil, in which the exercise of the privilege of addressing
is delicately declined. The Universities, we have no
doubt, will pursue the course adopted by the Common
Council.

A report, that the minor Canons of St. Paul s as-
sembled tint the purpose of ordering money to be taken
on the clay of the interment of the Princess Charlotte,
is stated from authority to be false; and it has been
further intimated, that if any person who paid money
on that melancholy occasion, will identify to the Canon
Itesidentiary the persn who received it, and shew that
it was demanded of him, as the price of his admission,
the complaint shall meet with due attention.

Accounts were received in town on Wednesday, re-
lative to the atrtirs of the Datch East India Settle-
ments, brought by a vessel arrived at Liverpool, which
left Java on the 4th August. Through her it is learnt
that after the massacre of the Canoe Expedition, sent
from Aniboyna against Saproa, the Amboynese had
got nearly complete possession of the island, and com-
pelled the Dutch inhabitants to seek shelter under the
forts. These fortified situations had been frequently
attacked by the natives, who had been rendered bold
and desperate, and who, extraordinary as it may ap-
pear, actually waged war under British colours. Mien
the Company's ship Antelope k4t Saproa in July, it
was expected that the natives would have full posses-
sion of the island in a few days. To this unpleasant
intimmation, so tin- as it regards the Dutch, it is added,
that the whole of the C.debes and the Molocca Islands
have maniksted a similar spirit of disaffection ; and no
trifling apprehensions were cutertained fur the safety of
Java Wei&
