MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

Wednesday,'Clerkenwell Sessions House was crowded
by Reformers and others, anxious to tear the el, voice
and fate or the celebiated little Radical Waddington,
who wit, put to the Bar to take his trial optati the eltarAr
of having published a wicked and Seditious Libel, Mr
the purpose of exciting Sedition amongst the Soldiers,
and alienating them fruity their allegiance to his Majedy.
Waddington, having been arraigned, pleaded Not
Ity, and then addressed tne Chairman, requesting
that the Jury should be sworn in his prViCIICe. The)
hid been sworn before he entered the Coml, but he
sun: it ssould be a sand:action to Mtn to see the thing
. .

As soon as the Jury were sworn, he applied for and
%VAS instantly accommodated with pen, Mk, aial paper,
for the purpose of tali hig notes.
Mr. Reynolds then proceeded to state the substance of
the libel which he said Win:dington had thought fit to
publish at a period when the piffle mind was it) a state
of great agitation, in consequence of the commencement
of proceedings whichl it had been deemed expedient to
institute against her Majesty. The libel was in the
shape or a placate!, and it slated that the soldiers were
tt.e fr:euds of the injured Queen, that they won:d sup-
port her tights, and then a dependance might be placed
upon their equal eagerness to support the rights of the
• cothary. It then alluded to the Revolutions iu Spain
and Naples, and called upon the lieople to love the wat-
chers, who were all ft tends to the Queen but who were
cut off from all commouication ss ;be rest of the
public, atm in fact prevented from seeing the faces Of
their eountr)inen, except with bayonets fixed or drawn
fori. mils.
The eublication of the paper was then proved by two
Officers, who apprehended Waddin6ton m Chiuitig-
Cross, while in the tof p:stiug up the placard. They
were examined by Mr. Holland.
Waddington then proceeded upon his defence with a
great deal (c).l- calnmesa and collecteduess, and concluded
by quothee a passage from Sohnnon.
he Chairman asked whether lie had any witnesses to •
cab ?
NVaiblinaton.—" Sir, my cause has no occasion for
witnesses."
The Chairman (Mi•. ('ons') said, the indictment
charged the defendant with a clone of great magnitude.
The miestina was, whetliet this paper had been pub-
lished tame/hie with the view merely to lloliue at oleerya-
aim; and fair party discussion, or as a vehicle for the
inttodoetion of comments, of a feditiOllS and dangetous
effect. I. the Jury were of Inc former opinion, Mr.
Waddiaeton was entitled to an acquittal; if of the latter,
he must he responsible for one to the most !minors of-
fences against society.
The Jury retiretl, and in an hour returned with a ver-
dict of Not
Waddington immediately took bis hat, and walktal
quietly from the bar to fits frit nds in the hall, who
shouted and clapped as he passed through.
William Holmes was indicted kir a Koch, the tendency
of which was to seditiously and maliciously to excite the
soldiers against the Government, and to alienate hum
their fidelity and allegiance to the King.
This defendant was tried by the Jury that acquitted
Waddington.
Mr. ile•ynohls said, that the libel of which he had
•now to complain, was contained in a letter addressed to
Lord Cesdereagh, atel said to 'tale been dropped iu St.
James's-square. The Learned Counsel described the
letter as basing been written in an ironical strain, and
conwining expressions of kindness to the Noble
at the same tone that it held out the most dangerous
doctrines in the military, and to the people. Here the
Learned Gentleman read a passage, sthing, that '•
third Revolution, about the year 1820, would probably
grace the pages of Europekin history." He conjured the
Jury, by all the regard what) they had for the protection
Of Char:Mier propetty and salt•ty, to read this let yr
with OW eye of continuo sense, and say weether it was
possible Mat it could hate been intended as matter of
fair discussion.
Two witnes,es proved, that on the Ist of September
last, they saw the defeadant in Palace-yard, with a pla-
card in his hat, and took from him several copies of the
letter, waicit seas en:lt-wed as a libel. One of the ,:Ri-
cers phrenased a copy. The letter was signed a " Loyal
Panieer."
The defendant said, that he came six weeks ago from
Lincoln to seek eniploment. He was nearly three
weeks in town without earning any thing, and then that
he hawked :shoot those •copias wuhuut knosviog their
cametils, for tile siiplant of his family. Ile &clued
most solemniy that he never should hese done so ii he
ha i thought that any te:iieer or injury altetal.tl it.
The he would not insult the Jury by
making ally observat.a•ns. It was obvious to tarry body
that the per was a heel of the most heineus knt.
The ittry rtitniv;cl a verdict of
but recommended the defendant to mercy.
The Chairman then sentenced Holmes to imprison-
ment in the House of Correction har six mouths.
A 13:1; has beell hound :.gains: the pruner. •

Thc kte Exc.:V.7(ms fir Ikh T reason ;n ,c cot-
ja;;th—W e have seen two letters, one in the hand-
writirg of Hare.ic, the other in the hand-writing of
but signed also by W. Smith. 'nese letters
Feint out the persons who seduced them from the
path of loyalty ; but their names we mentioned, we
foii;car to give them, but, no doubt, they are pro-
j.crly looked after, and we trust, if they have acted
es represented, they may sutler the puhishment they
n-erit. We again, in consegusnee of the inlizna-
tioo conv2yed in these lettei.:, srcrn per‘onl u• ait.st
the rtraolvni; of such l!•errv.rwrs.—S!;; firs i open

-Trig NATIONAL REGISTEIt

OLD BAILEY SESSIONS.

On Monday, John Mullins convicted of stealing a
watch from the pm gon of a gentleman, in St. Jumr..3'z-
square, and sentenced to I ratAporiution for lite.

_
BANK PROSECUTIONS.
Charles Lee was then put to the liar, charged with pass-
ing a forged note, amount one pound, purporting to be
of the Barak of Ea::land, iu the shop of Mr. Byers,
linen draper, in East Street, Manchester Square. MIA.
Byers, wife of the prusecntor, swore that the note was
passed in her shop.
Mr. Low, signiug clerk to the Bank, swore that the
*ye was forged, a tad life signutlire was not his.
The prisoner Wel4 called in to know whether he had
any thitig to say in his ileftlice ? lie said nut.
Mr. Baton Graham then divert( the Jury, who having
retirt .1 ter about it quarter of MI hoar, they found a ver-
dict of Guilty against the prisoner.
Sarah Price, a reveelaide looking elderly woman, was
capitally Indicted fur uttering a forged 11. note.
'rho prisoner, it appeared, went tar the 24th of June
last to the shop of Air. King, in Castle Strt et, Leicester
Square, and 1..;s in put c hased a pair of shoes, she ten-
dered a 11. note, rtevi%i if 'he change, and went assay.
These facts were clearly established, and a vet diet of
Guilty, I)eatli, was returned. Aged 41.
Thomas Goodludl, a simple looking country lad, was
indicted for utteritig a lotted 11. note to Charles Temple.
It appeared that the prisoner met a gii I of the town,
who asked him to tr.( at her, which he promised to do it
she conld procure him change for a 11. note. He gave
her a note, which she took to the Fox and Hounds pah!ic
house. The following; day, at Mat Ihoroegli Street, he
made a voltintaty confession in writing that lie bad pur-
chased three tinged 11. notes the same day, in company
with a man named Sykes.—Verdict—Gtsilty, Death.
Elizabeth Burnham was ChaUgril witb unctimg three IP
macs, knowhig them to be furevtl, to Mr. Hodges, land-
lord of the White Hart public house, in Poi 4)001 .sane.
The prisoner in her defence said, she received the
notes from a Mr. Smith, for certain favours,
The Jury. wired for a short time, and returned the ful-
low ito:"; verdict:—"Guilty tittetiug, but nut with a
feta:lions intent."
Mr. Baron Graham—" That verdict, Gentleman, would
alumna to all atgelttai. The Astaire charged is the titter-
lug with the knoki ledge that the molts were tut ged, which
constitutes the following intent."
'flit: Foreman said, the July were of opinion that she
had tittered the notes Ssithout that knowledge.
Mr. Baron Graham—" Then Gentlemen, your vodka
.1 be one of acquittal."
A vet diet of Not Guilty was returred,
Steveas, who had pleaded Not Guilty to the
capital charge of, uttering a forged ;ill. Note. knowing it
to be so, was pat to the bar, and %shill the cons: lit of the
Como•el tor the Bank, withdrew that plea, :mil pleaded
Guilty to the minor offence of having the Note in his
possession, knowing it to he forged.
On Tuesday, Wm. Je:nt Pennington, Eliza Callaghan,
J. Newman, and John Maildati, were indicted fin utter-
ing forged notes, with ititetal to Arnaud the Governol
and Company of the Bank of England. The first Nut
Guilty, toe other Mice Gui:ty. 'flie prisoners Callaghan
and Newman had pleaded Guilty to the minor ollence,
but Mr. Justice Best said, that let wululd take care that
Callaghan and Newman should be lir, eisrly in the saute
sittiaitott as they were before they mete Wand guilty of
the capital part of the charge.
Pioche Borenstein, a young married female, of res-
pectable connuctuins, was put' to the bar upon an indict-
ment charging her with stealing two gold r lugs, value I 4s.
the property of William Mutt. This ease, from the extu a-
ordinary circumstances attending it,exci it'd an uncommon
degree of interest, and the Court was crowded almost to
suffocation. _ _

The circumstances of this ease were fully detailed in
our Police Report about six weeks ago. The facts ap-
peared to be, that the prisoner went into the shop of the
prosecutor, and desired to look at some vredding rings, in
doing which the prosecutor asserted that she htule tone,
and exchanged a metal ring for another.
The Common Sit :want, at great letroh, and with strict
impartiality, summed up the evidence to the Jury, with
snitahle comments upon the vet y singular circumstances
of the case.

The 3nry consulted for abort a (ratter of an hour, and
then retired, and alter an bout's fist thei deliberation, they
mossised will. a ichbet of Not Guilt).
'Usere was a ror rout clapping of hands when the Fore-
man prononneed the verdict, hut this was immediately
rept l'Jscd by the C art.
The prisoner, on healing lice verdict, drew her shawl
about her, and lett the Guist!.
Thursday, Joseph Ellenger was indicted for assaulting,
and with violence taking titan Lie person sit 'thus. Aird,
44d. and upwind. its :tan!, tones, lull the lit of Aligns!.
Tint was one (Attie isf...ii•c ries t cionsitted oil the openitie of
the Regent's Canal, whith for atrocity has nut been
equalled by any titi,,g at a sinsilar notate for massy years :
Ilse prisons i for:lied one 4,1 0 gang of nearly tulle hundred.
The property was found upon film, and the ease in other
pastierilars was clearly ehilde out. The prosecutor, an
r Welly infirm Gs attewa t, w as used with great cruelly
On the r, rom of the pi isout.r sa ele t:•.0 the and
ths Cr tell pound mute•, making the amount t barged in the
iuslietines.t. Ile mrrle no oefr lice, butt called lour wh-
irs lISCS. who psi els•I/la good character. The Juiy found
110111 Guilts—Death.
'the prosecutor reeilinisensied him to mercy, but
Jnalite I;eist was le:rillsl it could but be aßrnurd to, as
Vie protection uf• the public iirperiutissy et:as:staled that
the law should lake its llUil he•
James Leith ties twits lied for strafing on the Ist of
Apiil a quantity ot• satriable jewellery, the ty of
Mr. Hay don, of Hopei 1-stiret.
'the evidence ill this ease was Mr. Haydn!), who preyed
Isis going out on 1.. sire anti that oil his 10111111 lie
found his chests, that contained pi operty to the amount
of six thusisand pounds broken open, and the jetectlety
stl'itil. On the %Stir of June he called on Alm. !tattoo, to
whom the prisoner had been offering pail ul the stolen
popeity that
lie war cross-examined by Mr. Adolplins, by which it
Alarmed that ire property was the all ut the Froseetisor.
\Valiant Halton proved the prisoner cuinia.g 1,1 his house
and °tiering part of thu stolen property fur sane.
Richahl Warren cum:iflated the testimony of the last
cos? The having gone thus far, Mr; Jucite Beet tun-

sidered the charge could not be sustained, an44lble pii-
ng' was acquitted.
George Edwards was capitally indicted for assaulting
Henn• Boridge, putting him in fear, and taking from his
person a matt.li, chain, and seals. The Jary found hint
Guilty.
Griltiths Parry, aged 20, was capitally indicted for rob-
bii.g James Carter on the King's highway, of a water,
chain soil seals, value 121. sod upwards.
Mr. Carter stated, that on the evening in question, he
had been thinking freely, and on alighting shout ten
o'clock from a raddiugton stage conch,"he tripped and
Icil, and the prisoner came up and- said. " I know this
gentleman, and will take care of I ' ." Witness thanked
hisn, and they went up Castle-►treet together, but had
not emir far Wien the prisoner kicked up his heels, and
he lA. While falling lie felt his watch taken from. his
fob, and called out, " don't take my watch " Witness
called out, " Stop thief," and the pilsoner was pursued
anti brought back.
Mr. John West was in Castle.street, City road, on the
evening mentimied, and hearth Mr. Carter call out " dual
take my watch," and saw the prisoner running. He pair.
sued, enal the witness threw a watch into an area, where
the witness found it. The prisoner said don't hurt me,
and the gentleman shall have his property."
Mr. Blackburn assisted the last witness in securing tble
prisorer, and corrobot sled his statement.
,11 .lustier Best summed up the evidence, and the
Jmry toned the prisoner Guilty of stealing front time per-
Son, but not with force and violence.
He was strongly recommended to mercy by the Juty
anti prosecu or.
John Kell; was capitally convicted of stealing a piece
of cotton, value 31. privately in the shop of Clement
Shupe, in Berners-sticet, Oxford.street.
FORGERV.—Tliontos Fuller Hartiott, n person of gen.
teel appearance, was capitally indicted for fo..ging and
ptiblishing as true, two Bills of Exchange, (ick ter M.
'importing to bear the acceptance of Colonel Arthur
Gordon, of the .its Dragoon Guards, with intent to de-
' baud Thomas Thompson. The prisoner appeared to he
severely indisposedfaild on making a request to the Court,
was allowed to have_a chair.
It appeared iu evidence that the prisoner, on the 2d of
Ativist last, uttered 'Ole two bills in 'question to the son
of Mr. Thompson, %dui is a draper in St. Martin's lane,
in payment for some gip tits which he haul purchased. lie
received the shanks ,one of the bills, and was to cal
for the other, but in Itie.interim the bills had been pre-
sented to Alesrs. Greetiwordiand Cox, army agents, and
declared !o be forgeries. '7k:warrant was then applied far
at Bow-street, and Hutuphlles, a constable, by means of
matching the pi isoner's servant, traced him to a house at
Hampstead, ..vliere he found him in bed. and informed
him that lie ltad a warrant against hint, at the suit of Mr.
'Thompson. The prisoner exclaimed, " Gout' God ! I sun
undone. 1t is ail the tank of my friends in not relieving
mc." lie said it was all his own doing, and lie must suf-
fer for it. lie set 'tied dreadfully agitated, and called for
some laudanum, of %%lin be took a quantity in some
wa er. He said that he intruded, if Mr. Thompson had
sent hint the change for the second bill, to have gene to
Bail' and from hence to 'behind, where he should have
get the money, and would have remitted the lull amuuut
to Mr. Thompson.
Mr. Lewis, a gentleman in Court, spoke of the high
character whirl. he haul hitherto borne- in society. He
was formerly Paymaster of the bill Regiment of Foot.
The Jury timid the plasmic/ Guilty—Death—but re-
commended bins to mercy, in which Mr. Thompson ear-
nestly joined.

An Estraordinetry Request.--A convict who was
found guilty of forgery at the last York assiseA, and
sentenced to Le transported for life, made an appli-
cation to Mr. Justice Purl, requesting that he would
immediately order him for eaeculion, as he should
prefer death to perpetual slavery and bondage. The
Learned Judge gave a verbal and very laconic reply
to this extraordinary request—which was, that his
Lordship was very sorry that he could not oblige him.
On Friday 1114atilng, between one and two o'clock, the
watehinan at AI iliigai ie. Cotton-mill, near Glasgow. was
..larmed by observing a ball of fire descending near the
wall of the mill. Ili* suspicion being aroused, he pro-
ceeded in the direction I whence the hall seemed to
tall, and discovered a Iran in a stooping posture, with a
covered lantern, apparently preparing another
cuttibus-
til,le for the purpose of 'brownie into the mill, the host
baring failed. Upon this he thrice challenged the pci-
son, but on teceit no answer, let el ed and discharged
a blunderbuss, loaded with slug-shot, at him. The man,
however, diteted his escape. The report of the piece
alarmed the watchman on the next station, and he
obscured a man running, whom lie endeavoured In lay
hold of, but without acct. l le then cabed mit to hit t
to stop, or he would fire et Innt, but no answer bt im;
made, the wan-btu:in fired a musket at lint, also lo.ded
with slugs, when the man instantly fell. The watchm an,
ill place of running up and seizing hint, went in the
house of the Clerk to priwur: assistance, the oil:, r
watchman being enoged in the muslin of the tirst stint
at. When he returned, the object of their pursuit had
made his escape, but hart left his hat behind, which sta.
pierced with two balls, one close to the hand, and trey
bloody inside. On roc. citing to the spot where the
first person heel Ikea shut at, they also Mum' 0 hat
pierced tt ith three slugs, and two pistols, one a snal
pocket pistol, loaded to within half an 11101 /Os the
'nozzle, and the other a holster pi‘tol, with a change of
six inches, and a roll of paper spread two with tar, !al-
low, and gunpowder.—A Loners' tt:is found in the
Ulu:0 in the incrning. It appeared that ime of the ter-
sons hail escaped over the gate, as there v•as a consider-
aisle go:unity of blood on and about it. One of the
was observed at six o'clock near New Kilpatrick, u idiom
his hat, and his lace bloody, who, on I.eing onetaintitil
by a yirson how he conic 1,, he in that state, said Ilia'
"." a !•noitHer, and baffle en attacked and bilfil .111
hxeisc !Leer —\'ie are happy to staw, that the ahoy
persons .ire secured.
Lord (;wyuir has appointed the Rev. W. 111-der;clic,
cior of (bittern, in Itorfolk, and Lecturer of W islet It
Peter, :u be one of his Lordship's Doinessm:Chapiali.,.

LOVE APPLE, or TOSEILTO'4ERRT.-.—LOVE apples are
nowt° he seen in great aisitinlance at aH oor vegetable
markets; • but I do not find (observes Phillips in his late
nor* oil fruits) that they are ussil by the middle or
kisser classes of English families, who have yet to karat
the art of itoproviug their sfislies meta vegetables. Tins ,
fruit has long been used by. the wealthy Jew families in
this country; and width] these last few years it has conic
intogreat use with all our best cooks, as it posissses in
itself an agreeable acid, a very unusual quality in ripe
vegetables, and which makes it quite distinct from ail
garden vegetables that are used fur culinary puipoiss iti
this cmautry. Wingt boiled in soups and sauces IL I tit-
partsan acidof a most agreeable flavour: it is also served
at table boiled or roasted, and sometimes fried with
eggs. This author states that it is a native of Mexico.
front whence it was brooght by the Spaniards, woo.
as Barham observes, uses them ill their sauces and gra,
vies, because the juice, as they say, is as gaol as any
gravy, and also, by its richness, warms the Mood. Par-
kiuson ineutions it as beini,° cultivated in this country as
early as 1650; but it was then placed for ornament
curiosity only; and even at the present time they ar
grown lit malty garileits iti E Blood merely ior the sio-
gularity of their appearauce. %Yr leant !hat 0112 gar-
dener at Isleworth gatlisted 133 bushels last builiitie:
1110111 600 plants only. We have no docht but lie has
fiturad a really sale this year at Cotton instead of Covent
Garden, as they are much admired by the Italians.
An accidentoscurred the other day, after the return
of the aquatic excursion front %Woolwich, in the %Vest•
minster-road, by one of the wheel- of her Majesty's car-
riage passing over the kg of a young mils, who hail
incautiously approached too closely, which lacerated it
so dreadfully, that at fi:st it was feared amputation woutd
be indispensable. The circumstatice liappimed close to
surgeon Fox's house, Nlelina•place, whither the tnifor-
innate lad was instantly conveyed, and where every pos.
tattle attention was rethlered that the nature orate case
required. Notwithstani.ing laic wound 'sof coasiderable
ritagittele, and h contused (the bugles beim, laid bir..
Cot several inches), under the judicious treatment and
humane attention of Mr. Fox the patient is likely to du
well. As soon as the accident was to u:: Suomi to her
'Majesty, she, with the truly characteristic huuw.riiy ofd
Branch Queers, soon forgot her own cares to sympathise
with her afflicted stilijsct. A messetigsr was despatched
to the tesitlence of the young man, whose parents arc
extremely poor; temporary relief was afforded them,
'with an iiitiniation that the prolessiosal gentleman
should not discontinue his uttencllltice for the want of
-adequate consideration, and ilia:, in the in.antinte, tile
patient would hot be forgotten.
HORRIBLE INSTANCE OF RELIGIOUS MADNESS -
-A poor woman in the Goo ss, near ltockingitain, last
'Saturday, cut her throat, under the painful cooviction
that she could not be saved. We have seldom heard of
a snore distressing case. Her character was altuF,ether
respectable, and site lived with her hushatid and ta.iiily
its great domestic comfort. Yet she had persuaded her-
self that site was an object of diville tory:tnable wrath,
and her misery became so intolerable that site resolved
so eutl it by co tttttt Ming tie dreadful act also e stated
At the awful moment, however, her fortitude scent: to
have failed her, for the wound itiflicted was not 'mortal,
bat so severe as to castle an ir ttttt ense effusion of blood,
which, when she was discovered, bad Lirotiailt her to
state of great debility. Still she might have tieen stied,
but mifortutiately the young titan sent to eltalialtie her, on
the very point of putting iii the needle to sew tic
wound, tainted away, oppressed by the deitsssitir sigiit
of the patient and the blood with which rhe room Wit;
deluged. Tiles time was iost, and, hi:um further assist-
ancecoold be oloained, site was a corpse.
URDEIC—Ott Tuesday, sth inst., John %Wright, of
Vol erldimpton, leekslllllll, was *ell 'Mho custody lint
drowniug his a()11, James Wright, boy of about lite
. years of age, in the Ho iningliani canal. Ali inquest was
held on the body of tile- lad on Wednesday, before 11.
Smith, Esq., Coroner ; and we extract the following
partieuhus of Ibis distressing,- cite:nips- dilCe Inholl the de-
positions :—Wriglit's wi:e, who had been from him
some months attending a sick parson, went MI with
another man to Darloton, on Sunday the 3.1 inst.,wheic
Wright round nolo, and brougit her house to his lod-
gings. They slept together, and appeared perfectly
reconciled ; but as soon as he went to Ills wink cm ths
next morning, his wife left the house and did not return.
When ha came home to his (limier, mid futtit.l she was
again guile oil, he became extremely agitated aril frantic,
and columned so during the day. le that night slow
with the boy, and out 111 C. following morning gut up
about seven ii cluck, and, taking tile lad with hi it, pro-
ceeded to Wyrley can ii, 11110 Wil:Lil he threw loin hut
reletithis, jumped iti .titer loin, and took hint out, and
went to 1 cuttase to dry iiletliSekes, lie wa: desired
to take the child home, and put loin to bed. lie We'll
away wish the intenuots of doing SO; but feeling at a
10ab to account lin the state in n halt they were, tie
again resolved (Tot' &echos his purpose, which lie ac-
cordingly did. lie then Caine Welt to toe town, and
very Smartly afterwards commit:l:c ited what he had dose
to two of his relations, who went with him to the Ills-
• ghain canal, near Atiterlev, when one of them
went in, andiiatutil the body. its beau;; Liken
from the iv tier, the prisoiler mantis:tett tlta strougest
marks of alfectiod toa.irds it. Vs less spoke to the
miliaria kindness tol.ii ivnicii his prisoner had treated
the child, awl to tl: • a as.-1 cutifiisetl iintte oh 'l.lllll
before and after toe perpetration of the crime. The
Coroner's jury returned a verdict of ' %Valhi murder;"
and Wright bas been con tttt itteil to tit: county i4Ol
thereupon.
At the sale of his LAIC stork of trite
Merino sheep, on toe (jai inst. tile Mistiest bidders did
out muds exceed the puce for the Sutitiolowsis. 'I hit
vows of tile royal dairy chiefly consisted of the Durham
slid lweestur laced, wl.ieli soul at various puns, list
the highest did out exceed 301.
At Hallos Fair, on Tuesday, the quantity of sheep
(Meted for sate was very great, but very new of which
were disposed of, althintgli'offered at very reduced iiiices.
