ALIEN BILL.

On the second reading of the Alien Bill.
Lord A. HAMILTON observed, that in the present Mill, there
appeared a total inconsistency ; for it made no distinction be-
tween alien friends and alien enemies. He noticed the power
given to the Secretary of State to send these Aliens without
dislinction ont of the country, as inimical to the present cir-
cumstances of the country, and unfit to be trusted to any Ali-
'Oster. The principle of the Bill was also obnoxious to the
recognized aims:Ott! given to strangers, and therefore met his
decided disapprobation. Such a power v. as unnecessary, for
the only reason to justify it was the apprehension of danger.
Did Ministers apprehend any danger He thought not. They
had not given any grounds for such apprehension. On the
contrary, he conceived, that triglausl. in the proud situation in
which she stood, was least liable to mach opinion, and therefore
he skould;propuse that it be read " a second time this day three
months."
Mr. H. ADMNGTON said, that this Bill was formal on the
same principles as the Bill brought in two years since. if it
was e\pttliant then, it certainly was so now ; and for this rea-
son, that .there was now a considerable increase of Aliens,
which bat! added to the number of 20,000, originally supposed
to be the amount of that description of persons resident in
the romitry.
linor ci:#4g could not agree with what had fallen from
the Riglit Hon. Gentlemen, that the measure now proposed
was not a new measure— The Right Hon. Gent. had said, a.
similar measure was adopted two years ago. He (Mr. B.)
highly dismoproVN) of that measure ; hut when the cituation of
the county then and now were compared, it would be found
that the present was indeed a new measure in every respect.
The SOLICITOR-GENF:I2AL could not but consider that gen-
tlemen who professed to think this measure no longer needs-
sary, took an erroneous view of the subject. He trusted, that
the revolutionary spirit was overthrown and broken ; but mil-
chief still lurked in the minds of many individuals, and he could
not consider-it as wise to give up all precautionary measures
at once. It lind been said, that this was a Bill against Milli
t,kmis. Ile t1101);(11t ; it was not an act against
alien friends, but against alien enemies under the mask of alien
friends, and therefore be support the Bill.
Lou .1 CANT LAI:I;46Ii defended the Bill on grounds of general
policy.
Mr. Homan said, that no man could say but that a state of
danger would warrant surto a-law ; but we wele out in such a
state of danger now as would requirt. u measure of this violent
nature. _ _

Sir J. MACKINTOMI cowlick red this Biil (as be always had
done) at a wanton (fellation from the established law of the
lansl.. TYrserresy of the aecasations against Aliens as only
to be eqnallled by theprocerding ut the Court of Holy Inquisi
Hoyrcouht we boapt of pus free and equal laws, when,
by this Bilf,..vre evtidenmsed 20,000 Aliens resident in this couu-

'MAY IS.

try to a shay of slavery ; for it sviiswpiivaient to -Lavory, to ho
obliged to live in this country at the sufferance of a 'secretary
ofStitc. Instead of enjoy ing the proud boast that the soil of
England pave liberty to the slave. if Ibis Illil Wire pirs,aal, wn
should in future only possess the miserable distinction of en-
slavitt:4 the free.
The Home. then divided. Tor the second reading of the
Rih Ist--Against it 17 -Majority 91.
The other Ortlei, of the I).ty were then disposed of, snit the
lionseadjouroctl at Ilalf past Tnelve o'Cluch till Aloud y.

FRENCH PAPERS.

ROYAL ORDINANCES,-PA RIS, M

14111i4. The Sieve- briao, Prt siitoni of the Chauther Or
Deputies, i. nppointed Aliiii,ter of the liitcrinr."
Look, e‘e:—" The Count de N'oublane i, appointed Minister
of State, and Nlenilwr at.- our Privy Council."
Louis, .04. e.-" Considering the state of the health of Count
Bashi. Marbois, Oar keeper of the seals, 0101 wishing to pro. We
for the administration of the departnient of justice, me Ito% e
ordered, and do older ns follow,:
Our well brio% ed and -faithful Chevalier the Chancellor of
Primer shall resume the WAIN of the klinehlai:"

'the Duke ae U'eiliiigtou, co 11111 l of the army
or occupation, wilt spur dill- visit ide 4.0111.4 ..r
slim, Pi teo.inu, Auteriusi, and Bay alum wrinict4, vthich sit ate•
tiuue,l in u part et' Cautp.t ue. Lurraine, and .11. net.
