throughout the piece), to usurp the title and fortune, during
the absence of his brother, Captain C. a Naval Officer. The

Opera opens at a watering-place, (we believe Brighton) where
we find Sir C. Canvas paying his addresses to a rich heiress,
Miss Selwym, who is already strongly attached to his brother.
At the same watering-place, there is a distressed emi,rant
fa-
mily, consisting of Madame de Rosier, her son, and a faithful

old servant. The son, it appears, had for some time moved in
the fashionable society of London, but by the failure of his re-
sources, in consequence of the French Revolution, is compelled.
as the only means of supporting himself and his mother, to live
as shopman with the proprletor of the chief circulating library
at the watering-place. Sir C. Contorts discovering by chance
that Madame de Rosier had been the intimate friend of his
mother at Paris, and that she and her servant were present at
the private marriage, employs threats and bribery to suppress
their testimony against his claims, but by the agency of Mr.
Hartington,-a humane character (who goes about in the dis-
guise of a meadicant to find tit objects fur hi 3 henevolerce), the
views of Sir Charles are defeated, and the title and fortune re.
verts to the rightful claimant, Captain Canvas., who arrives
from sea under the false impression that his mistress has de-
serted him, fur the more promising proposals of his brother,
but who is made happy by finding that not only her fidelity,
but his own rights are confirmed to him beyond either doubt or
dispute.
The second plot of the Opera turns upon the affections of
young De Rosier and Miss Hurtington for each Other, and the
constancy with which (notwithstanding the fall of his fortunes)
she perseveres in her attachment to him, till, with the consent
of her father, her hand is united to his, and a double marriage
concludes the piece.
From the above it will be seen, that in plot and in character
this piece has no great pretensions to any thing strikingly nova
But however it may be found wanting in this point of view,' it
kas still much to recommend it to public approbation. The
dialogue is in many parts possessed of more than common
merit. It not only sparkles with wit and humour, but it boasts
a variety of pleasing images, playfully turned, and happily
applied, with an elegance and felicity peculiar to the author.
These have the happiest effect, and not unfrrquently cause the
smile and the tear to chase each other in soft succession. The
music is good, and many of the songs are not unworthy the
bards of other days. With such advantages, this Opera appears-
likely to become more deservedly a favourite than any piece. of
it
! the kind which has for many years been produced. It has cer-
tainly many defects which it might he desirable to point out, but
I am anxious to be brief, to gain space for a specimen of the
11 Poetry.

SONG—MR. Pin 1.1.1 rs.

rho' sacred the tie that our country entwineth, •
And dear to the heart her remembrance remains, •
Yet dark are the ties where no liberty shineth,
And sad the remembrance that slavery stains.
Oh thou! who wert born in the cot of the peasant, - -
But diest of langour in Luxury's dome, .
Our vision., when absent—our glory, when present— •
Where thou art, 0 Liberty! there is my home.
Farewell to .the land where in childhood I wander'd!
In vain is she mighty, in vain is she brave !
Unblest is the blood that for tyrants is squander'd;
And Fame has no wreaths for the brow of the slave.
But hail to thee, Albion! who meets the commo. ion
Of Europe, as calm as thy cliffs meet the foam;
With no bands but the law, and nceslave but the meas.
Temple of Liberty ! thou art my home.

SONG.—Mr. PHILIPPS.
Spirit of joy ! thy altar lies
In youthful hearts, that hope like mine,
And tis the light of laughing eyes
That leads us to thy fairy shrine.
There if we find the sigh, the tear,
They are not those to sorrow known,
But breath so soft, and drops so clear,
'That Bliss may cle.iin them. for her own.

At, wIGtBTI:R.
