SPANISH PAPERS.

ORDINARY CORTES, SATURDAY. MAt.cii 1.

OPENING OF SIZE SESSION.--1[1%G.11 WELCH.

A letter was read from the Secretary of State for
Grace and Justice, which inhumed the Cortes that
the state of his Majesty's health did not permit him
to be at the opening of the Cortes, but the Secre-
taries of State were in attendance to communicate
to the President, the speech which his Majesty
would have the satisfaction to deliver, had not in-
disposition prevented him.
The Secretary of State for the Home Depart-.
ment then headed the speech to the President, who
read it to the Cortes. It is as follows:
" Senores Deputies,—The extraordinary circum-
stance in which this session of the legislature is
opened, presents a vast field to the patriotism of the
representatives of the Spanish people, and will ren-
der it memorable in the national annals.

" Spain, at this moment the object of the atten-
tion of all nations, is about to resolve the great
problem which occupies Monarchs and people. In
its solution are involved, the hopes, the fears, and the
interests of mankind—the caprices of ambition and
pride.
" The Continental Powers of the Holy AlliAnce
have now raised the cry against the political institu-
tions of this nation, whose independence maul liberty
have been conquered with its blood. Spain, in
reply to the insiduuus intimations of those Poten-
tates, have solemnly manifested to the world, that
her fundamental laws can only be dictated by
bung
" This clear and luminous principle is incapable
of being attacked, except by sophisms supported by
arms; and those who, in the lyth century, appeal
to this last reason, give the must decisive proof of
the injustice of their cause.
" The Most Christian King has said that 100,000
Frenchmen are to come to settle the domestic affairs

of Spain, and to amend the errors of our institu-
tions. Whim before were soldiers commissioned to
reform laws I In what code if it written that rui-

hoary invasions way be the precursors of national
felicity to any people I
" It would be unworthy of reason to refute such
antisocial errors, and it would not be desirous in
the Constitutional King of the Spains to apologise for
the just national cause bethre those who, in order to
subdue every feeling of shame, cover themselves
wilt the mantle of the must detestable hypocrisy.
" I trust that the energy, the firmness, and the
constancy of the Cortes will form the best reply to
the speech of the Most Christian king. I hope
that, steady in their principle, and resolved to walk
in the path of their duty, they will always be the
Cortes of the Ali and 11th of January,, and ever be
found in all respects worthy of the nation which has
intrusted to them its destinies. I hope that reason
and justice will not show less courage than the
Genius of oppression and slavery. This nation
which capitulates with enemies whose bad Wilt is
so notorious, is already subdued. To receive the
law which is to be subdued by force of arms, is the
extreme of ignominy.
'• If war be already an unavoidable evil, the na-
. .

tier) is magnaninious;and will again hasten to com-
bat fur independence uud civil liberty. The path of
glory is already known to Spain, and all the sacri-
fices which this contest may require will be easy to
her. Constancy and patriotism present a thousand
resources, which in the hands of Spaniards, always
produce the happiest results.
" For my part, I once more offer to the National
Congress the co-opetation of all my efforts to realize
hopes which the friends of liberal institutions place
in Spain, by carrying into execution all the mea-
sures within the compass of my authority to repel
tiircis by forces The seasonable removal of my per-
n and the Cortes to a point less subject to the in-
fluence of militiry operations, will pond) se the
enemy's' plans, and prevent any suspicion in the im-
pulse of the Government, the action of which ought
to be felt in every point of the monarchy.
" The army, whose services in the just cause arc
so great, is completing and organizing, in pursuance
of the list decree of, the Cortes. The victories
which it obtained agai.tist the factious, are the pre-
cursors of others, of u inure important nature over
the foreign enemy.

" The provinces in general exhibit a very timid
spirit; the evils which they !Live sulf..rf d from those
who style themselves defendersof religion, have dis-
sipated the illusions of the ignorant, and convinced
all men that the constitution is the only- right path.
" The changes which hare taken place in our
foreign relations have not tlepicissed the spirit of the
nation;—the timid, who can never ace the re-
hOUrces of the country, and the malevolent who
would take advantage of its weakness, never can
alter the sentiments of a nation punctilious of ho-
s )ur, and which never was accustomed to mule any
compromise with injustice.
" The dilLrent branches of the public tultuini-
stiation alfird in general a very favourable prospect.
