Vrac o; sl,tisca::l.
.;atik Sock I Oditiot II '.!.
i lei' (:ei.t. Rod. D.l imp. ; i•er ..111. (A
per Ceuat. 1.....,... 0,-.4 Int!'a L; •L , %. Ali.
;2 pct Cent. 674 Itskila "3.-,t k
4 I.er Lent. toil F.xctieti.;er Bina 3.. d:s.
:, prr Crult. Nftv: 102't Colic for Ar. fib
Lotig Auta. 18 Lilliery ficket• .r:23 24.
- --

TILE NATIO AL REGISTER.

0113011.
SUNDAY', JANUARY ;a.

We this day give, we believe, a fal!cr and more
correct account of the Fox Dinner than can be
found in any other Newspaper, and arc in cooC-
quence under the necessity of curtailing our uslal
Articles. Napoleon in addres,ing his army after
the Battle of Austerlitz, told them that any one of
them after having listened to the recital of a life of
heroic actitn:s might exclaim as an equivalent to
them all ‘• I NV:ni at the battle of A ast,:rlitz.' so
might any one who was present on Mon.lay lust
meet a relation of pleasurable occurrences of a
series of years by exclaiming I was at the se-
cond of Charles James Fox, at
Norwich." The great ability of the worthy
and noble Chairman, Lord Albemarl., never shone
more brilliantly ; and in all the times we have seen
I lis Royal highness the Dale oh Sussex, in
mnver did we see Lim so arparently well, so notch
delighted, nor Si) itraiiifestly happy ; tailved, with
his benignity of feeling, it could nut be otherwise;
he Was surrounded by such a comp:thy as absolu;cly
thrbatie the absence of happiness ; suth color:illy
us we never saw in the metropolis, and such a com-
puny as we hesitate Ott to declare could not be tin.-
nislicd by any town or city in Eilland, save enly
!• by the city of Norwich_

It is a curious fact that two C;overnment Nies-
es-tigers passed through Norwich, at an early hour
on Tuesday morning last, with dispatches to Lord
Castlereagh and to the Eurl of Chatham, announcing.
to them the death of his Royal Highness the Duke
of Kent, a: the same time conveyed to the latter
his appointment as Governor of Gibraltar, which
took place but a few houri after the news arrit•edi
of tlie unexpected vacancy ; and that in complete
indifference to the retrenchment of an office tv1.:,!1
has proved to be unnecessary, at least in time.
of peace. It was known to the Officer that his
loyal I lightness tl.e. Duke of Sussex was in Norwich
at the time, but he was :eft to come at the know-
ledge of the mel.:acl4 event, so intevesting to hit
feelings as a brother, by means of the pubis.•
S e wspapers !

Ti: Prince Regent, we regret to hears is drive
ousiy hidisposed.

We know that Sir H flalford declared yesterifliv,
that 1,.e nona the approaches of fatal signs is t!o_.
case of our revered and beloved ,limarch exzecditT:f •

rapid. .

American Papers to the 16th of December have
been received. They contain the documents laid
before Congress at the time of the delivery of tF
President's message. The proceedings in Congress
are brought down by these papers to the 10th ult.
On the Sth a resolution passed both Houses, lhr the'
admission of the State of Alabama into the Union :Is
an imlependent Lute. Select committees were up-
pointed on the subjects of organizing and disciplin.
ing the militia, and of improving the Indian tribes
in the arts of civilized life. A debate took place on
the question of separating the affairs of comments
and manufactures, lasetofore regulated by one cont•
mittee, into two distinct committees, it being
contended that both. were subjects of the highest
importance to the Union, and their interests fre-
quently at variance. This opinion was strongly
opposed by Mr. Newton, of Virginia ; but the
amendment was carried by a majority of 28 On
the 9th, a committee was appointed in the House or
Representatives, to award an indemnity to those.
officers mid soldiers who lost hoeies and other pro-
perty in the Seminole war, through the neglect of
the Government in furnishing the necessary sup-
plies. On the 10th, by the same Ilouse a resolution
was agreed to, without debate or opposition, imply-
ing some distrust in the Executive Power, with
regard to their disposal of the public money. It Wall
for the appointment of a committee to enquire
whether :thy of the public monies appropriated by
Congress fur the pay of the regular army, since the
ttln of March, ISI3, had been applied to the sup-
port of any army or detachment of troops raised
without the cons,mt. of Congress. •A motion Wis
made by Mr. Pinckney, to bring in a bill to reform,
the circulating medium of the United States. His
plan, it is understood, embraces an issue of Govern.
went paper, transferable by delivery, and calculated
to come in aid of specie, and of paper equivalent to -•
specie, to increase the quantity of the circulating
medium, supposed now to be less than is necessary
for the purposes of trade and internal intercour:e..
The question of do:nestle slavery, which is involved
in the bill for the admission of the state of Nliss. •
souri into the Union, is expected to give rise to a
warm contest in Congress. The steam ship Savan-
nah, Capt. kodgers, has arrived in s:ifety at Sayan-
that, in 30 days from St. Petersburgh.

Persons two hove friends in intlia may be glad to
learn, that, 1w st recent regulattien, newspaprs can
be scat to the Lost .opo:t the 1‘,(.-viotis pay-
mot vt. onv penny for each ; to be fo"Ltl
directed as newspapers for tin!. English posts.
I.l:tters from hi,' tie Jan, tro arrived by tt•zty
Portsmouth on Nlott,lay. They eanlinn our 1.1.4
stot:lnent altivlst tti iI <tagnatioa uI corn-
nwroc, csFeially the demand for the moilifoctures
.n.t.;;•ott I:rita; 'l",e orders t.r.,to tlu ielt,Tior hod
eca,(..‘l, and the warellott4..s and wh.tvrs lit Rio arc
toitirely cv.jwltcliticil with goolls
