Smpartit Vartiament.

lIOUSE OF LORDS.
MONDAY. AVAIL 25
SALE or GAME —Loyd CA LTIIOR PE moved, that a mes-
e. be sent to the Commons. requesting a communication of the
Issert the committee on the Game Laws.—Ordered.
Nor Es.—Lord KING, betore the noble col proceeded
to the order of the day, whether any pains had been taken by
the Bank of England, or the Government, to prevent the forgery
of bank notes. It NUS understood that great prices had been
given by the bankers of the north for engravings to prevent
forgeries, and that notes had been engraved which rendered
forgeries extremely difficult, if not impossible. No succeaul
abet bad been made by the Bank of England, and he wished
to know whether any thing had been done, or was likely to be

dime.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL admitted that it would be a great
advantage to prevent the forging of bank notes, and that it was
the interest of the Hank to prevent forgeries, but nothing had
ben &NW in the way of art which others could not imitate. The
beagmentore bad beau adopted, namely, the drawing die 11. and
ft notes from circulation.
'Lad KING said, if they compared the notes of the Bank of
Kagliutd with the notes at the great north hank, the Bank of
ethey would be found a most bungling production.
y PENSIONS BILL.-The Earl of LIVERPOOL
MOW the third reading of the Army anti Navy Pensions Bill.
Lind KING considered it a foolish bin for what could be
owe kink than the bargain with the Bank, upon which it was
glad. The Ministers, when the funds were low, had actu-
ally OM the Bank an advantage which could not have been
fembille the maw market. The last year might be truly called
the yew of dia _ The Government had been nuped by the
Bin Oil tbe BwO•ons. The noble lord concluded by a practi•
caljakerbeenotred to insert, by way of amendment. that it was
the opinion a tholsomrse, that the present generation and posterity
might derive greet tees& from extending the principle on which
his bill was fotentlid. and therefore it was expedient that the
Lode (Atha Tammy be vested with the power to raise ten mil-
lions, by pledging the Sinking Fund for 11/D yam, and paying
the interest at the end of a century.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, the whole question was,
whether the terms on which the bargain was Made were Wren-
terms. The house oh aht to !oat to contingencies. 'they
might have borrowed money on other terms, but under all the
circumstances he considered it an advantageous bargain.
The amendment was then negatived without a division, and
the bill read a third time.—Adjourned.
TUESDAY. APRIL 29.
Several Members from the Commons brought up the Weights
and Aaiun* B;11, which was read the first time.
Accounts from the Directors of the Margate -Pier Company
were presented at the bar.
Lad ROLLE presented a petition from Oakbampton against
the tas on tools carried coasterays.
The bills on the table were forwarded a nage.
1.,,,d CLARK moved that a message be tent to the House of
Commons. to request a copy. of the report made by a select nom •
mimic appointed to inquire into the present state of the county
of Limenck.
The motion was agreed to. and a message ordered accordingly.
On the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, the Revenue
Department Bill, and Alladyee's Divorce Bill, were read the
1 third time, and passed to the Commons.
The Division of Counties Bill was read the third time, and
coauuitted fur Tbursday.—Adjourned.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30.
Lord Cranboume. and other Members from the Commons,
brought up the report of a committee on the Game Laws, which
Was moved for on a former day by Lard Calthorpe.
Mr. S. Rice also brought up the report of the committee ap-
pointed to inquire into the state of local taxation in the county
of Limeeiek, moved fee by the Earl of Clare. •
Both reports were laid on the table.
The Warehousing Bill, and the Profane Swearing Bill, went
through eronmitteen
WELea Juntearuac.--lard CANDOR moved fur a
return of papers respecting the cowls of justice in Wales, and
gave notice of a motion on time subject for Thursday next.
The papers were ontered.—The house adjourned.
TRURSDAY, MAT I.
Earl STAN HOPE presented a petition from C. A. Thomson.
of Chiswick. which stated that the petitioner had, in 1811 and
int 2, purchased two estates at Northaw and Pontrylas, for which
he had paid. in part, upwards of 80,0001. and granted a meet-
e for fa,oool. (for the remainder of the purchase money.)—
Being unable to pay off the mortgage in Hitt, he offered die
estates foe sale, but was unable to get for them (in consequence
of the altered value of the currency) so much as would pay off
the mortgage of fa,onol., and the mortgagor was in consequence
now applying to be put in posseenon of the two estates. The
petitioner. therefore, played their loydships would be pleased to
zralthe operation of the law by which the, mortgagor was
to take then him hit estates. and to pass a law foe the
adjustment ot all contracts.
beedshiP. in moving that the petition do lie on the table,
f ' his approbation of the prince le of an adjustment of
°V
and intimated his intention of snaking a motioti on the
=jai atnn early.peried. The petition was read at length, and
ordered to lie on the table.
The Weights and Measures Bill was read a second time, and
the Profane Swearing Bill was read a third time, and passed.
• The other bills on the table were foewarded a stage.
Adjourned.
FRIDAY, WAY 4.
The royal assent was given by commission to the Grants in
Aids Bill, the Revenue Departments Bill, the Innkeepers Al-
Immix... Bill, the Military and Navy Pe1151011% Bill, anal. several
private bills. The Commissioners were the Lord Chancellor,
the Earl of Shaftesbury, and Lard Redesdale.
WAREWOUSING BILL.—Lord HAREWOOD rose, OR the
third reading of the Warehousing Bill, and called the attention
of the house to the advantage which foreigners had over our
own manufartorts in the woollen trade. Ile took the opportu-
nity of saying, that although there had hcen no app anion or, the
put of tar manufacturers to the bill. it was their intention to
petition both houses. and state the situation in which they were
pl.eal. It wan impossible to say that the laying a duty on
foreign wool would not injure our own trade. Whilst our own
n.anufactuters sere burthenc I with duties, a facility ought to be
afforded tor the purchase of •he Tait material. If any one thing
more than another could induce Parliament to relieve the woollen
trade, it was the present situation of Spain. The noble lord
understood that information had been received of a new tax laid
on the raw materiel in Spain, amounting to 3d. in the pound
weight.
The hill was then read a third time. and passed.
Oo the motion of die Earl of Sunevititeritr, the house
adjourned to .Nlenday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
RIOADAV. APRIL 28.
14r. TCLICS presented • petition from Sudbury, prayiog for
the gradual aladition of slavery in the oolonies of Great Britain.
Sir 1. COVVIN said there was A very ease rented, for this ;
1 t the oungistrafes end othery of &Ober, boy the interests of
the proprietary, and then, no doubt, there would be an end of
slavery at once. Petition ordered to be printed.
li.rust4GTON COLLEcTons.- —Mr. HUME. presented a peti-
tion from an individual natovi White, of 29 r ' yervire,
.c•mi lyitori of hart/1z hero (4.lutsit.l Boatd of Taxes
