CERTIFICATEE-111.tY 19.

.1. Made, ILiverpool, mouey-scrivener—R. Aimsworth and W.
Davies, Dolhoit, Lancathire, whitsters—T. Reese and J. Leigh.
Bucklersbury, warehousernen.—J. Handey, Hornsey-lane, dealer in
Bryant, sen. Barnet, innholder—S. Joseph and %V.
Hughes. Winchester-street, Broad-street. merchants—J. Waddilovt ,
London Terrace, Hackney-road, stonetnason—C. Ilildebrant, Cole-
ULM street, picture-seller-G. Wheeldon, Bonsai. IL•rby. eolo.u-
niatiutacturer—E. Ken,her, Thorpe-within-the-S.Aen, Essex. greccr
Naish, Haverfordwen. linendraper—H. Liverpool,.
joiner.

A few days since tho butler of the Hon. Colonel Batter
purchased at Reading an ounce of salts, and SUMP oxalic acid
for the purpose of cleaning boot tops, both of which he mixed
in water, and the next morning swallowed what he thought
to be the salts, and was immediately seised with the most ex-
cruciating termer. He hastened directly to a chemist's for
relief; but scarcely had he reached the shop, when be ex-
pired. He had lived many years in the family, and was
numb respected.
Lately, while two officers were conveying to Aberdeen
J. Grant, front Kincardineshire, acc►sed of sheep-stealing,
and who was iudicted for trial at the present circuit, be made
a sudden spring from between them, and threw himself over
the parapet of the Bridge of Dee, where he fractured his
skull, and died on the spot.
An Inquest was lately held at Holland Fen, on the body of
T. Hill, 12 years of age, who in a pugilistic encounter with
another buy, •ell several times : the last time, he complained
olapain in his navel (havingheen troubled with a hernia). Soon
after he started on his road home ; but when he had got
about half way, he laid down under a hedge, 1131 continued
there the whole of a severe night ; and in the morning
walked home, but died in two days. The July, who had tl►e
advice of a medical in in, returned aVerdiet—bird from the
effects of a Strangulated Rupture,.. brought on by too great
exertion. _ _

On 'Wednesday a fire broke out in the back premises ad-
-1 • • g the house of Mr. Price, ',limber, Ncw-cut, Lambeth,
neatly opposite the Coltourg.Tlreatre, which us the coupe of
halt an I completely destroyed the house, and ..et are to
the adjoining our, which is is, the pOSSCSSIO,I nt an orange
'merchant ; the latter house was datna.p..l but little. The
file commenced in the work-shop, from a quantity of wood
having beets put on the fire, which coins ttttt sicated to souse
clothes which were on a line hanging to dry. Very little of
the furniture was saved. No lives were lost: Several Huta-
sands were astrembled to witness the conflagration ; ,Wady
were drawn to the spot believing the Cobotirg Theatre was
cu are. Among such a numerous assemblage the thieves
were very busy—oni: was detected carrying away sonic leail
bel.mging to Mr. Price; another was secured by Goff aid
Hall, officers, in picking a gentlemans pocket. Tire tide
was ont, or the greatest part of the premises would have been
saved ; but water was not to be got mull the flames bad ex.
tended to the whole building. Mr. P. is not insured.
A man, named Alford., formerly in the rapacity of earifener
and game-keeper to the late C teas Dowager of Chatham,
at Burton Pyirserit, was about years since convicted at the
Somerset Assizes ut loseisig two see. ipts, amonntieg to some
tblitintggrlet,sast
rstiti‘titilrrsentenced to deans
s his favour, he was re
prieved, and the septet" ted to transportation for
life, and he ts4l. almost immediately scot (Alto notjny,4,,y._.
lts consequence of his skill as a workman, he became useful,
and was f•oilpiOyeil as head garderier in the Goverssor's gar-
den, where lie appeared to have merited the good opinion of
Isis eassployers, and eisetitined there until about 1.62 months
since, w atm he petitioned the Governor fur leave to revisit
his dear native country. Tire Governor, in consequence of
his Ira vim; conducted himself, us he expiessed it, " to bit
entire satisfaction," granted his reyiest ; anti on Sunday the
151 Is inst. he arrived at Corry Rive!, near Langport, wise re
his wife with part of his family lived, tit an extremely feeble

•
.tote, aged d 1 )(in; and there be expired on the ltursda,
following.

~:)

From tL LONDON GAZETTE, Saturday, May

BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.

r t4ntiAwbs R. Lower G:ozverno:,r.lut, Pimlico. motley scrivener.
l'u.vr:LL B. R. t. Shoredit:!), oilman.

ANKRUPT:-.1.
Yenta J. Gen.!, ham' maker, I%ly 15, 16, Jaw I*, at Port•
sys. Att. Ntr.All:l3, Clittird's Inn.
Ilovnics .1. Woe.tra.riwis-il, F.taffard, hackle maker, 11lAY
June 1::. and Cu. Temple.
31. km H. S. lat.! of C.i...6..itt7/. It•eler, Slay 9, ig, Juae *3, 6t Gu.it•
ball. Att. Mr. 011 17'14h...et:NA.
/1 ALITED W. .I'4l...hes:et, linenaraper, Slay lt, 12, Jane
13. 1.: Ctitch.:,r-ter. Atts.7.••.• t
-EistattiNiT. 11,rut'mgli,...rn, I.r:ter. May 5..1, Junea7, Coventry.
Att. ?4r. 1'u0t..1.. ;.I.f:e-z•out-t.
HAlns J. L0rf.9.4.,:i. Lar.rigter, ',:ay U. '77, 17, •it
Preston.
CAtuttetta.e.t..l. l.iulc 1.11*.;.141-stcf- t: C•wnt Mry
11. •2(t. June 13, :tt (;:til.l:4lU. Ata. Avvrs and sea, SlanciL.3-
ter-bolding:, Wel;:i.inster.
W. Twi:chin, Suutnr.mr.un. maltstn, Stay
• I). C. MaTA. 1.. Deane, wi it. \Veutbroca, szet. and E.

R. D' tint,.. I ay-
5. Parry. ambigh. tirver. May 25.
T. Ealunar:, Clrta,.nt's lane. ta..rciutnt, May 5.
W. S:ewart, Road. fhpe.ard, victualer, Nray
R. S..fulaud. South Shielas..:ap owner. May 21.
S. Wach, Church Ntinshall. Citty rr, mal: May 23.

CFRTIFICATES. MAY 13.
A. Junk*. late of rertonotth. Consouttine. Crook
1011. Wes:motel:lL& M. Robinson, Vest House. I:yrk, end Ty
syn. Crook Alit, de*. spinners—J. Peel, lion ugh Market, potstoe
inerchar.t—W. T. Leven:, auttet•latte ribivn nisnufacturtr—G.
and J. Cm. Sheffield. greets— W. lioraer, 31ile end, Ponces,
+from.

2L I3LIC AMUSEMEIsiT6
4:i UR THE 5.11111.77310

TR EAT& E ROYAL.- COVENT CAMDEN.

TJ-Morrow...Belamir.‘; or, The Fall of Tunis—llarlequiu
l'uti lay—Rob Roy i‘.laitgr,..gor—(lst time) La Chasse--Who's ray
t
Woin-Lleay—Bellsoolrs-The Sorrows of Werth r.
• Thursday—The Slave.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LO/DON :

USDA I', MA 1' 5, 1818.

Ttie limits of our Paper •linve confined us to a very
Maacquate- space far the insertian of the interesting
debates which have taken place in both Houxen of Par-
-I.tetent during the course of the week, on the subject of
pensions granted ,to • the widows of military officers ;
a subject interesting to the country in general. The
Public will, we feel convinced, cordially sympathize
with us in the pleasure •we feel in Ending that the
measurer in contemplation, •which mutt very materially
Lave affected so wau ladies of respectability, may be
considered as abandoned. We perfectly coincide in
(pinion with these Members, who see in the existing
• regulation,: relative to pensions tc the widows of Mili-
tary offizers, as conparei with -these which govern the
ellowance of pensions -to the widows of Officers of the
Navy, a well grounded motive of jealousy on the part
of the latter. IVe cordially desire to see the two ser-
%ices assimilated on this point, and•we believe it is ouly
s:leaking the feelings of the majority of tbe nation, to
say, that if any preference be perniittcd to exist, it
svould be morn consonant with thos2 feelings, that it
should preponderate in favour of that service, which,
whilst we continue an independent nation, must ever
form a most natural bulwark. It is nr,t, however, by
reeas:ircs such as those in contereplatioa, that we should
'ish to see the services on a level with each other.

Any reduction of these advantages which time and
-invariable. •eustoni have guaranteed to the' Officers
of the 'Ara.;, either in his own person, or with
reference to his ,f.a.rily, would be as cruel as
just. Justice, .however, demands that public bounty
should reraunerate public service in proportion • to
its merits and utility ; Lard en this principle,- it is,
that we pronounce it a grievance on the part of our
Naval Officers that they should not equally participate
this bounty of the nation with those •of the army.
We would wish to see them pieced or. the same footing,
Lot by an infringement on the j-ort claims of the soldier,
but by a due attention to tholie! Of the sailor. Eco-
nomy in the distribution of our fmances was cor-
taialy never so imperions a duty in our legislature as
at this moment, bat there is another duty equal, if not
superior to economy—and that is justice. The nation
indeed is clamourots for retrenchment. but the li-
berality, the magnanimity of its character, spurns the
itlea of effrting it by any means which would operate
to increase the wretchedness of unprotected widowed
solitude. If there •he one feature snore • prominent
than another in our national character, at is the promp-
titude and alacrity in the promotion of Benevolent
Institutions. Could the sense of the nation be taken;

~.

TITE NATI(YNAL ArGISTER.

we feel convinced there would scarcely be•found•an
individual, under all the pressure of existing taxation,
who would not rather contribute a trifle more to in-
crease the comforts of the relicts of this coutivy's
brave deftrahrs Clan sucetion an act whiet would soil
its reputation far iitvirtlity mud justice ; even were the
objcet to be gained by violation of those virtues, a
times more imp:tent than would have becu
titc pitiful re:tilts of the measure in question.

ACCORD:NG to tlte French Papers, it appears that
the wttoie the clan s upon F:ance, inde-
pendent of the ex?- :rites of the Army of a,c:ipation, _
was 1,600,000,000 fraaes (::pwass'is of 66,*00,C;001.
sterling). Of this, ;here
discharged out of the created on tt,e Dec.
181.6, and SO,OCC,ON decal :d to
be inadmissible, le.avin:.; (tipwarC:s of
.37-.S00,0001) to be This sat-a, is conse-
quence of the recent r.,,;lociatiQng, is to be wholly li-
cuiJated by meaus a the creation cf a pu-pe:kial reatc.
of 16,040,-000 frames (a fraction ebave 6C3,!...001. per
annum,) reproseating a capital of !;..o,sAoGo fr3.nt
(a 'traction above 13;233,0001.), the whole debt beiug
thas.reduced to not quite a fourth of its amoont. The
Duke de Richelieu, in the 'coarse of his speech, coar,--
&idly anticipates, :tat, at the approaehiaz -meeting of.
the Allied Sovereigrs, it will be determiced upon to
withdraw fr.a.a. France the Army of Occupatian, to pay
the exrences of which, .he d..:.;ires an eventual credit to
beopened with the Minister of Finance to the amonnt
of 24,000,000 francs cr. rents (1,000,0001. per annum),
to be only employed in complating'the payments to the
Allied Powers, under the Treaty of the '2C:h Nov.
.1815. The :14,003,000 francs at the rate of the
other sum, represent a capital of 430;000,C-1:0 francs,
which added to the other sum, makes 600,F00,000
francs, or a fraction above 33,366,0001. which must be
the amount of the loans contracted for iti the present
year by the Trench government, in the event of the
Army of e2cupation being withdrawn. 'l he appor-
tionment of the sum allotted fur the liquidations is not
detailed; it is stated generally, that.-to the payment of
the creditors, subjects of the Allied Powers, exclusive
of Spain, the amount of 12,040,000 'francs of mate,
representing a capital of 240,300,00 E (a fraction above
10,033,0001.) is to be appropriated ; to the payment of
the Spanish creditors (reciprocally applicable also to. the
French creditors upon Spain), 1,000,000 ot'rentes, re•
presenting a capital of 20,000,000 francs (a fraetion
above 83;11001.) To the British creditors, the amouut
of reate allotted, is 3,000,000 francs, representing a ca-
pital of 60,00e,000 (2,500,00v1.)

Yesterday, the Bank was crowded all the forenoon
with applicants delivering in their decision as to fund-
ing. Tne omnium of the subscriptions at the Bank
have been repeatedly sold at a premium of two per
cent. Several applications, it is reported, have been
made to/the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to take the
residne, if any, of the twenty-seven millions to be
funded, and a'general application of the subscribers was
yesterday made to have such residue equally divided.
We cannot, however, conceive how these gentlemen
can be sanguine enough to . expect that any subscriber
would not fund or sell right to it, when it bears a
premium of 2 per cent. in the money market. The
funding of Consols is at 784 ; and the price this fore-
noon at the Stock Exchange, 80i.
A letter of the e2d inst. from Paris says—" I have
every reason to believe authentic the following tableau
of the repartitlon of the sums determined on by the
Duke of Wellington for the principal reclaiming pow-
ers. It v.lll be officially printed before the close of the
week. The last conference on this most important sub-
ject was held on the 20th ult. • Not merely the recla-
mation' are included in the suns total, but the attend-
ant expenses of the allied. troops until the month of
October, at which period their departure is stipulated :
Prussia 52 millions of Byres ; Austria 25 millions;
Hamburgh 20 millions; the Low' Countries and Hol-
land 33 millions. Twenty millions are likewise added
in form of compensation to the Low Countries."
Lcttcrr received on Friday f.-oin Ncw York, mention,
that the Deputy for the Insurgen's of South America
had protestet against the Acts of the United-States Go-
vernment• respecting the Floridas, stating, that it in-
terfered with the cause of the Patriots. This Gentle-
man takes upon himself to protest, in the name of the
inhabitants of Peru, New Grenada and Mexico.

The Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, in conse-
quence of the infirm sta►e of his health, has not been
able to attend his duty fur the three last Terms, and it
is now confidently mentioned that he has 'given in his
resignation,

;

1

..~_

• i ++l it 'ir

41).1-1,IELDS MEETING.

It had been cur fondest hope that in•the present se-
renity and -security of the nation, no bew attempt
would hare been inal,3 to disturb thc peace and excite
the discontent of the lower or-Ins wt so,iety. Rut
wizen it .was bui!t on•the professions of the factions
an.l di.atExto,l,•it is no wonder that our hope was dis-
appointed._ _ _

Spa Fields is to-morrow to be the theatre of tumult
and disorder, uuder the auspices of II mar who, eerminly,
bad he tileats at all it:leg:late ke fullihnent of his plume
Wight be dm:germs, •• eta whose absurd ignorance
and total depravity cf prineirie rea'er
an object -of almoat euieersel ridicule. wild contempt."
In his placard, Hunt etideetly insinuates, that -to
relieve waists teici reffieringe, taltich arc rant: indes-
triously eeeggeratail, ranee nee/ regulations ale to be
adopted, Imaged on the cetalelisliment of the
of men Ile seems also to ateenipt to attach a stignet
to the priestlioel and tiobitity of the kingdoe., as
derivieg oh then. splentheir. luxuries, and goods, from
t elass of men who, them-elves, labour under penury,
and clheiess. In the perusal of his placard
we Wjre rather perplored and uncertain as to his
intent, end this only Circumstance w hich we ceuld
pessibly conjecture, was. that Le intended to recomineed
es to act urn the dangerous HMI delusive principles
cf Paine. We shall risiewe to find ourselves mistaken,
end the only elidne h tale plecards can hive to our
notice is, that the thartrinc is proposer may be relittrt
and exponel. Whatever imputation; may have fo.-
meely beim east -upon Mr. I [wit ly his party, Ir.-
peerisy and dissimulation arc net to day amongst the
eltarges ; as hi his plecard lie openly professes, that the
estabilsilmett of the. I.; ieles et Man, the at:nil:the.
tien cf menareity, ;net the abolition of priesthood and
nobility, arc the objects %thief: :ire to-morrow to be
to tea iate coaeideration. Inked his placard is a cotubi-
naiion.of abuse, ul.surdity,uod treasim, and scarce merit
:nen:jest or refutation. And that our coudemnaticei
()fetch pe.ezeielings, arises not from prejudices or per-
tiality, but fcem aeviviction of the inutility and irape-
Hey attached to such meetings, such orators, and hu,:h
unreasonable and impracticable propositions, will, we
trast, he evident from our examination of the subject :
in additien to tvhich, rye mil ht anticipete the effects of
the •ettainment of their hoe-steel rights, did we nut sup-
pose sech anticipation would be a libel on the judgment
of oar coasidctate readers ; who, from a cursory view
cf the allair, would pronounce without reserve, that
domestic slevery end dishonour, could be :be only re-
sults of so fatal argil ruinous a system. How plamiLle
and.entranciug to the ear is the establishment of the
Rights of Man, but which is in reality the everthrow of
all moral and political distinctions, and the clistribe-
don .ef all dignities, properties and possessions, anioniet
a liberal and free community. Amidst that commu-
nity are there not of various passions, ta-
lents, and eibilities,—when he sees no limit to his
wishes, when he feels no restraint to his ambitiou,
when he acknowledges no curb to his inclination, will
the violent, restless nod aspirieg slumtcr.in his obscu-
rity, and rest in his equality f—No ; need we peruse
the annals ofancicnt history, or dwell upon the cruel.
ties of petty tyrants, the strife and clamour of the
citizens, and the decline and thud cf republics ; to evince
the contrary ? Need we summon to our memory the
various bloody revolutions of all former or latter ages ?
Is not France a buoy and' a terrible beacon to the
nations? When the establishment of the Rights of
Man glutted her prisons with the innocent, deluged
her streets with blood, and nolluted their homes with
midnight murder, tyrants only distinguished f:om each
other by torture more refined, malice mere vindictive,
creelty and oppression more intolerable than that •of
his predecessor: In the subversion of laws by which
she was protected—in the murder or banishment of her
best defenders—France lost many millions of men—
nay, in this attempt to establish what she called the
Rights of -Man, she lost .at once her freetlem and her
character. In obedience to villains who had neither
honour or integrity to defend, or talent and ability to
support the desperate cause 'which • they undertook.
Now, . how sullen, sunk:and degraded is that France,
which was a paradise and the glory of the world. For
whet,—Liberty. For that sacred word which she
blotted from her vocabulary for ever by the best blood
of her nobles. The Rights of Man, which the pre-
tended to enjoy in her degradation, built on the firm
basis of rapine and murder, ended in slavery—slavery
to he felt. To the establishments of such rights, the
annihihtticn of monarchy was and is a first and abed--
lute desideratum, and having arrived at the very ridicule
of a system which meas framed to rob kings of their
goeds—Triests of their temporal benefices, and nobles
of their titles, honours and nobility. The power of the
King it exerted to the•snpport of the laws and regula-
tious of civil society, which laws the republicans would
abolish. and anul. His power is exercised for the glory,
advantage and security of his dominions ; self-aggran-
disement not the welfare and honour of their country
are the objects of republicans. The King as head of the
constitution being removed—The Parliaments iliseon.
t nued,civil tact ovestbrArn—and al.archy pre.
