LEEDS, Jrr.i• 29.

By some babbling among the Retbniiers themselves, as well
as by some documents that have fallen into the hands of two re•
spectablegentlemen in this neighbourhood, it seems that the ar-
rargements are nearly completed tin a general meeting of all the
union reform societies throughout the kingdom. who are to as-
semble simultaneously on one and the same day...the small town-
ships, village*. and hamlets, in the nearest large town, or con-
venient spot of ground contiguous to it; and that very strong
resolutions are preparing which arc to be adopted generally by
these meetings. It is cettain that an active correspondence has
been for some time carrying on between the societies in all pans
of England, Scotland, and Ireland ; and that they do not trust
to the casualties of post-office conveyance, but arrange their
plans by mans of deputies or delegaLs, who are now constantly
traversing the kingdom. from one end to the other ; while others
are stationed in the principal large towns, and act like a chain of
telegraphs, to convey important information to the principals in
these movements.

Notwithstanding all these alarmin. symptoms, the Magistrates
here seem to feel perfectly secure in the protection which the civil
power, and the few troops that are stationed in this district, would
afford them, and they have hie terto declined taking any notice of
the suggestions that have within the last month been repeatedly
and poantrdly thmwn out, for raising an additional armed force.
At present we are perfectly tranquil ; but as commercial distress
increases every lto tr, there is no foretelling how long our fan-
cied security may continue.

FEMALE REFORM SOCIETY
OF STOCKPORT.
[From a Manchester paper.)

On Monday evening, July 19, 1819, the second
Meeting of the Members of this Institution, took place
in the large room at the Windmill, in Stockport, when
Mrs. Stewart moved that Mrs. Hallworth be president ;
she knew from her well-tried principles, that she was
the most proper person of any other she could propose ;
her acquirements duly qualified her for the office, and,
if accepted, she was conscious she would give every sa-
tisfaction. Mrs. Hodgson seconded the motion, when
it was immediately put and unanimously carried.
Mrs. Hallworth accepted the honour they had done
her with becoming modesty—sbe then addressed the
assembly :
" Ladies and Gentlemen,—Before we proceed into
the business of the evening, I desire that the gentlemen
will withdraw , it is not done with a view to transact
any thing of a secret nature, for it is commonly said that
women can keep no secrets, but merely with a view
that if in our debates, (for it is something new for women
to turn political orators.) we should for want of know-
ledge make any blunders, we should be laughed at, to
prevent which we should prefer being by ourselves."—
Their male brethren immediately obeyed, and she pro•
ceeded on.

" Ladies, you have this evening placed me in a situ-
ation which I never occupied before. 1 kindly thank
you for the honour you have done me. I assure you
that 1 ant determined to dedicate to Liberty, my heart,
my body, yea, nay very life. (Unbounded applause with
cr:es of liberty.)ll am young, but ladies, young as I am,
I can assure you that the Borough villains have furnish-
ed me with 'loch a woeful life of wretched experience,
that 1 can feedfor myself, and equally with myself, feel
fur my iion;ififYilmiered country-women. This feeling
so acute, that an eternal *ar is waged betwixt us,
which will never end, but in the etuancira:itin of a dis-

kUGU ST 8.

tressed and overburthened people horn slavery to liberty.
—( Reiterated arplause.) These are sentiments I imbibed
when almost a child, and as 1 grew older, the grumbling
spirit grows stronger. (Laughter.) I thank you, ladies,
for your kind attention, but assure you I do not look for
your applanses. Applaud me not, it cannot please me,
fur I consider it is my duty to use every ability in the
cause without receiving any reward at all for my weak
endeavours. Seeing then, that it is the common cause,
let us all unite, and never cease from persevering in a
cause so just and holy, until we fully possess those con-
stitutional liberties and privileges which are the birth-
right of every English man and woman."
The close of this speech was followed by every de-
monstration of applause.
We are sorry to say we could not learn the name of
the lady who next addressed the assembly—she spoke
nearly to the following effect :
" Mrs. President and Ladies, I consider it a piece of
great absurdity and presumption in me to attempt sayin;
any thing, after hearing such a disp!av of female elo-
quence from the Chair. "If Got! is for us, who ears
be against as ;—then hail sweet Liberty.—l understand
that the intention of this Union is to co-operate with
other Unions for the general cause, and to give relief to
incarcerated victims who are suffering and arc likely to
suffer. I need not say that it is to be feared you will
have to look to our worthy, patriotic, and brave friend,
the Rev. Joseph Harrison, who, it is said, has a bill
found against him for doing, the devils' themselves do
• not know what, at the last Stockport Meeting." As
soon as Mr. ll.'s name was mentioned, an involuntary
torrent of tears was the event. After a few moments of
profound silence, cries of " Harrison and Liberty for
ever ! proceeded from every part of the room.
Tire husiriessthen proceeded on with the last speaker
morinz,

" That the Female Union co-operate with their male
brethren in relieving those unfortunate intik iduals, now
confined in Chester Castle, Messrs. Baguley, Johnston,
and Drummond ; and all who may in future be incar-
cerated for advocating the cause of the people," which
was unanimously carried.
Miss Whalley addressed the meeting as follows :
" Mrs. President and Sisters, I love liberty, and hate
slavery ; I know too truly the horrors of the one, and
the virtues of the other. If a Borongh-inonger were
to conic to Stockport, and be compelled to weave for his
living, he would more impatiently (when he saw he
could get nothing more than a mess of pottage for his
labour) to cry out for Liberty and Reform ! as well as
those who are called the incorrigible swine, the disatiect-
ed, and the lower orders.

The following persons were properly elected to act as
Committee for the Union :—Miss Comfier. Nliss Lowe,
Miss Knowles, Mrs. Hodgson, Miss 'Whalley, Mrs.
Kenworthy, Mrs. Rhodes, Miss Longson. Miss John •
stone, Mrs. Stewart, Secretary; Mrs. Hambleton, Trea-
surer.

A vote of thanks was then given to 'Mr. Lawton, gro-
cer, Hill-gate; and to Mr. Sanderson, shoe-dealer,
opposite the Bolkeley Arms Inn, Stockport, for volun-
tarily stepping forward to give bail lot Sir C. Wolseley.
hart.—Carried by universal acclamation of " Wolseley
and Liberty!"
A vote of thanks waa then paved to those seven patri-
otic individuals, who have tendered themselves to come
forward to give bail for our worthy friend, the Rev. Jo-
seph Harrison.—Carried by unbounded acclamation of
" Harrison for ever!"

A vote of thinks was then proposed to their worthy
Presidentess, which was carried in the usual way by
acclamation.

The Presidentess then replied,—" Ladies, I do assure
you, yon have so wounded me by the kind attention you
have honoured me with, that the load overwhelms me
with such a sense of obligation, that I cannot express my
thanks. A plot is what they are, as Cobhett observes,
dying for; and the only plan to frustrate their hellish wish
is to act constitutionally in all your undertakings."
The meeting then dispersed about half past t u o'clock,
highly pleased vs ith the proceedings of the evening.
