THE NATIONAL

APRIL 3. •

while the Grand Army, after having on tufa() mid 4rlsliefeatid near
Troyes the corps opposed to it, is advanciitt on the other side to-
wards your capital. no not then be so blind as further to listen
to the promises, the deceptions, the instigations of a Government;
whose only object is to aria you against us to prolong the war at
the espence oI t) last drop of your blood and nf the property of
all of you.
Excesses have'been committed by our soldiers. -This proceeded
from a sentiment of revenge which they cherished, because several
of their comrades hid beem murdered by the inhabitants. I haVe,
however, repressed them; I have had the guilty punished, even
with death. Rut reflect, that there is no more certain means to
prevent the excess of the soldiery, than to remain quietly in your
houses,. not to shut your doors, which are then of necessity forced
cpen ; and, above ail, not to keep np any communication with our
enemies, or take up arms against us. I have not puni,hed, as I
might have done, the cruelties committed by some towns and vil-
Lites against couriers and single soldiers of ;he allied army, hoping
that my moderation might call them hack to their duty. But I in-
form yoo, that from this day stronger measures shall be adopted,
and Mai the towns and villages whose inhabitants shall dare to
take up arms against our troops, or to oppose our .military opera- ,
tions, shall be burnt, painful as it will be to me, to be compelled
in this manner to punish the innocent with the guilty.
We desire nothing else, I repeat it to you, than the peace and
repose of Europe. The negociations at Chatillon, when they are
once published, will convince you that,it is your Sovereign alone,
vs ho in spite of what lie says to yon, continually throws fresh ob-
stacles in the way ; mean' time I need only remind you of the cele-
brated speech which a Frenchman (Mr. Rayitonard) made to 'the
Legislative Body, to found your opinion upon it.
Fur the rest, all the natio!), of Europe combat for one end. The
event catmot be doubtful. A longer re.istance, and Oren • some ad-
vantages,-)f you may flatter yourselves with them, will serve only
to render you mord unhappy than you already are.
Giren.at toy Headquarters, Laon, 13th March.
VON BLUCHER.

BRUSSELS, IAr4RCH 23o=nie following statement of the position
of the different corps of Marshal ...gthrol_ter's- army, en the t 9th, has
been communicated to tile Mayor 'of this city by Count Lottum :
Generah Kleist and York were at Fismea, General Otslow at
Auge-Gardien, Sackett at Pontalaine, Winzingerode in Rheims
and its salinity, Langeron atuktlie• corps. of St. Priest at• Bery-le-
Bac. • -.• .
In all places occupied by the armies of the ,Ailiits, publications
in the name of Louis XVIII. were circulated.
The Duke of Saxe-Weimar has left ?mislay. with his army. that
ha% been increned to from 20 to 25,000 men, on his route to
Manberg, which he will ocetipy in force. This array has been re-
placed by 25,000 men, chiefly belonging to the Landwehr.
A great number of young men of the first families hasten to enter
the service 113 our national regiments, especial* in the ca.
valry.
Besides 5 regiments which will be raised at Brnsiels, Ghent, Monk
and Namur, Prince Ernest of Arenberg, son of Prince Ai
of Arenberg, formerly Count of Mark, is raising a regiment icgiiight
iufantry, which will form a partof the Belgian army.
BRUSSELS, MARCH 25.—Accortiing. to the accounts on the 2111,
the positions of the army were as follows :--General Wingingeroda
at Epernay, General Worougow at Rheims, Langeron at Flames,
Sackett at Braine, General Bnlow has surrounded Soissons on both
sides, York at Chateau Thierry, with his advanced posts at Mont-
mirail, Kleist at La Ferte.

Napoleon is at Arcis, and as he has all the troops with him,- the
•road to Paris is open for the army of Marshal Blucher.
The Nei=ice of Schwartzenberg is in a concentrated position, be-
tween Troyes and Buena., with the grand allied army.
At Illreirn Napoleon seized all the hair-dresaars and shoemaker',
whom lie immediately incorporated with his. Imperial. Guard,.
The first column which passed through Epernay was only 15 or
16,0(10 stronc, and the second, under Marshal Ney, that passed
through Chalons, amounted ip no more than 7 or 8,O(O.
In an action near Macon, General Biauchl has niken.sigeo pd.
3011C15.

Private accounts from Antwerp communicate the follow-
ing informatioo

" The Government of this. city has adopted the rules of the re-
pt:Mit 'of Sparta. AU the prpperty. of the citizens is placed at its
dips. al, and the inhabitants of Antwerp pow enjoy the 'fatisfaction
of A ating 41a0k Invalti made of rye meal and water.
" The city has -been ordered to furnish a loan of one million of
frare' ta.ll MY of the principal citizens have been shut up iii

'STER.

213

the citadel till the sum is raised. They are not, howeter, confined
there'by way of rnishment. but merely to have the opportunity of`.
clntemplating without interrnptloo their unspeakable good fortune
an being placed under French goverunients, which has made them
acquainted with the pleasing isiventions of the conscription, the
droits renni, and other benefits %stitch were formerly unknown to
them. As a remedy against melancholy however, they may he
gratified with the Antwerp Gazette, whit!, outstrips the renowned
Moniteur in lies.
" On the 17th, our gairison lost a considerable number of men
in a sally which they made on the road in Mecklia."

JOURNAL OF BORDEAUX.

111110YDAY, NARCV 14.
(Printed and published by order.)

I

. No. I.
BORDEAUX.
The Itth of Match will be to the city of Bordeaux the most gin-
, rivets epoch consecrated in the annals of .history. Fur a long titue the
Bordelins had pronounced against the oppressive government under
which France grohned ; but they had not yet found a favourable op-
portunity for throvang off the yoke. Some zealous citirens, however,
laboured in !egret Tor the re-establithment of the paternal govern-
ment of the descendants of Henry IV. M. Lynch, a former Magi.
strati in the Parliament of Bordeaux, whom Providence had chosen
to trive the signal, converted with M. Taffard de St. Germain
p Corn-
missioner of his Majesty Louis the 18th, to profit by the first moment.
The arrival of the English arms' in the French territory, the grand and
generous sentiments of that natters which' has saved Europe front
slavery and oppression, every thing induced a hope that the dry of
deliverance was approaching. We were then informed, that the Duke
of Angonleme had arrived at the army. The -descendant of Henry
the Fourth, the husband of her Royal Highness the daughter of Louis
the Sixteenth, had entered St. Jean di Lux. • The Royal Council de.
creed, that M. de Laroche Jacquelin and M. Quirisux should repair
to his Royal Highness to receive his orders, and confer with Lord
Wellington. His Lordship, devoted to the Bourbons, promised all
the necessity succours to support the true Royalist.. M. George Bon-
tetops de Berri was Sethi to entreat his Royal Highness to proceed to
Bordeaux; Lord Wellington caused a column to march immediately upon
Bordeaux; he intrusted the command to Marshal Beresford, as stre-
nuous an advocate for the restoration of Louit XVIII. as his L.otiship.
As soon as the king's COMmissioner end M. T.ynvh were certain of the
antlersl of the generous Allies, every thine wits prepared to receive
them is a signal manner, worthy
sof them, worthy of the King %%horn
they had just restored, and of the llordelais who wished to afford a
, . s
great proof of their devotedness. Estefettes were sent to the Marolisl,
and de sties set off to conitatinicate the wishes of the Bordelais to his
Royal flightless. What a happiness for us, brave Guscoes„ to have
been the first to lay at the leer of the Prioce the homage of fidelity
and respect I
As torn as the Martiaiel had arrived at Pont de Is Maye, Colonel
Vivian was sent to thei Mayor to announce to him that the Marshal
considered himself as steeling an allied city, obedient to his Majesty
Louis XVIII. He immediately received this assuraaces and M.
Lynch, and the Assistants. escorted by a, royal guard witlenit uniform
went out to meet the Marshal. The white Cockade was losruesfiately
displayed, the white standard Waved upon the tower of St. Michael,
and the Mayor addressed a speed* to the Marshal, which, expres-
sive of the wishes of the Boidelals,• penetrated the heart's of all that
could hear it. What a charm it was to see him tike off his scarf, aso
sums the ancient emblem of the French, and hoist the white cockade,
symbol of happiness and peace ! Cries of Vier le Rol, repeated and
re-echo. 41, often interrupted the Mayor. The Marshal repeated eith
an affectionate tone the promise made by Lord Wellington. The pro-
cession then began to the hotel de Ville; the people preceded their
deliverer in crowds; cries of " Vivent les Bourbons 1 Ilosiour to the
English ; long live the Mayor," succeded each other without Fees-
iog : content appeared in every countenance; tears of joy burst from
every eye : a happier day dawned upon us. The Marshal, upon hie
arrival at the Hotel de Ville, received the - Assistants to the Mayor
and the King's Commissioner, decorated still' the royal scarf, who
were presented by the blayor. The General gave fresh assurances of
the protection of his loyal nation.
But the acchtualions of the. people and every heart demanded the
Prince; every one wished to see the nephew of the King—every acne
desired to express his affection for him. At that very inommt M. the
Duc de Goiche arrived, to announce that his Royal Highness would be
at Bordeaux before three o'clock, and that he wotild repair in the first
piece. to th 4 eetheilral. This news was siiun repeated by a tb"3114
