324

of the present active government of that country. Span-
ish armies, sufficiently numerous to maintain their own
inuependence, would soon appear ; whilst Lord WELLING-
TON' could march his victorious army to new scenes of
glory, and of continental emancipation.
I hail, I must acknowledge, a Russian war as the
most auspicious circumstance which could in this mo-
ment happen. It will employ the greatest part of the
Tyrant's attention and force, and thus give the Allies an
opportunity of beating up all the quarters of the invaders
in Spain. On the success, or miscarriage, of the gallant
people of that country, the freedom or slavery of Eu-
rope ultimately depends. Should BUONAPARTE drive the
Emperor ALEXANDER to the utmost verge of his do.
minioxs, he would be obliged to fly back precipitately,
and renounce all the fruits of his success, as soon as a
Spanish cohort appeared in hostile array to the north of
the Pyrenees. Whilst that people remain unsubdued, his
power may be considered as nothing more thm a glitter-
ing and unsubstantial vision ; but should victory return
to their standard, at its lustre his present empire would
melt away, as those palaces, said to be built of ice, dis-
solve by the warmth of the sun. His successful efforts,
in any other quarter, I do not apprehend ; perhaps they
would only precipitate his ruin, as they would embarrass
his movements, in the event of his failure in the Pe-
rinsula.
It would be the grossest folly not to take advantage of
this favourable state of things. The power of the enemy
is now held together by the talents of one man ; and rests
upon the thankless rewards which tyranny can confer.
Even prejudice cannot deny that the military genius of
the enemy is stationary ; whilst an exact observer would
perceive it sensibly on the decline. Who does not see
that our military rra is just beginning ? The human mind
is here unfettered. Human genius is unclogged by ty-
ranny, and shoots into luxuriant growth. Here no ig-
norant, whimsical gardener, twists and clips it into mon-
strous and ridiculous forms. Art assists nature ; and
man, like the productions of our happy soil, rises in
proud symmetrical and uncrippled dignity. It is free.
(1... m that has granted this noble form, this generous zest,
human nature amongst us.
If a right impulse were given to the sound, pithy, and
masculine population of this country ; if. their feelings
were properly cherished, and their affections collected,
there is no object, Sir, that would be too high, or too
arduous, for their attainment. He knew little of the
British Nation, who would expect no more than ordinary
results from the full play of English, Irish, and Scotch
energies, directed by an efficient Ministry. Give them
one heart, and one will, and the earth itself would be too
confined a theatre fur their emulation.

k

T. D

••• We have inserted the above well written letter as a pledge of our
impartiality in considering questions in which our national welfare is
interested. We should heartily rejoice, if it were found, cn examina-
tion, that our means allowed of an extension of our operations abroad.
But, considering both its glorious consequences and the present state of
;till of opinion, that the system on which Mr.
have acted, was not only effective, but the
tr real means. There is a point which
y. An encreased exl•ence of blood and
ttr triumphs abroad, and produce ruin at
expenditure, we must pay two millions
forget that by following a certain Noble
'e to bear the burden of ten millions more.

ar. exertion ?

the country, ministration
still of o
h
Ilt ..1 \ ith our
~,),.. .14
‘- .6' %,... safety
i -
. . t ' . ~,,,,i, ~ . , • 1i,,1t our
. l't ''
if- 1.•• PO • ‘..1 _: t fiL: i ent t
.
*P. ~ 1,••• 4of fc
-.4-
• - •11 .7! 7.::. ..4/ • .., Ir.; r 4.1 II avi
ex, • All % • • su4..h ar
- Data : agtr
0
