'.111,.•••

3

\•

441

I
11‘1

I.‘

I~

*.

COURSE OF EX(
Amsterdam, 12 BC. F.
Ditto, Asiglit, 5
Rotterdam, it 9.
Antwerp, It 9
Handsargls, 35 1
Stl I
Paris, dayesiglit, 23 80
Ditto, VG 10
Bourtiraux, 16 10
Frairkt;oatos.the.ll.line,l;.9-
Petersbnrgli, 81 U.
Vienna, El. Flo. 10 40
Trieste,. Ef. Flo. 10 4a
Madrid, 34—Cadiz, 36*

. .

_

BANKRUPTCY ENI.ABGED.
J. Slade. Gun Lane, Crentnercial Road, Middlesex, butcher.
how April If to April tr 3.
BANKRUPTCIES SUPERSEDED.
G. L. Whatley, Cheltenham, money moronic'.
T. K. Gregg, Deal, Lent. apothecary.
BANKRUPTS.
W. Mitchell, Wanstead, Essex, hutches. Solicitors, Messrs.
• Amory and Co. Throgrnortou Street.
W. Blin', Colchester Street, Savage Gardens. wins mer—
chant. sol. Mr. Paaalere. WiLITISKd Court.
W. and 1). GUIIII.IOII, St. John Street, chememonger. Sole.
Slows. Hol,ne and Co. New Inn.
W. H. :tucker. Ifigh Holborn, window glass cutter. Sol.
Mr. Howeii, Ilatton Garden.
J W. Hayward, Bread Street, coal merchant. Flll.l Messrs.
Grimaldi and Co. Copthall Court, Throgmorton Street.
li Ihirbon. Maryltbone Street. Golden Square, wine cooper.
Sol. Mr. Wallis, Lower Thornhaugh Street, Bedford squire.
M. A. Elltinetf, Luke Street, St. Jaunts's, &est maker. Sol.
Mr. Rice, Jeimyn Street.
R. Bedford, St. Mart:tr's le Grand, plumber. Sole. Mons.
Young and Co. Charloue Iltrw, Mansion House.
S. Tabberner. City Ruud. linen draper. Sol. Mr. Green,
Pops's Head Alley, Curnhill.
DIVIDENDS.
May 3; J. Henley. Sod's Row, Hampstead Road, rectißer-3.
11. IL Husby; Arbour Square. Commercial Road, merchant—
B, U. A. Ilenricks. Jeffries' Square, merchant-3. J. Rawlings
and J. Evans, Leicester Square, tailors-3. J. Sell. High Street,
shadwell. cheeset»onger—S, N. Jenoyn, Great 1 annouth.
Norfolk. merchant-5, S. Allen and T. C. Noble. Bristol, linen
drapers-1, S. Hargreaves, Liverpool, woollen draper.
CERTIFICaaES to be gianted Slay 5.
T. l.ee; jun. Birmingham. macbant—C. Rare' Cloth Fair,
woollen draper—J. Pool, Madnm. Cornwall. millar—S. Baker,
Liston. Essex. miller—C. Kennington, Glarnfoul Briggs, I.lnv
colushire, draper—J. Sowerby, jun. Liverpool, cheeseitionger-
-11....1. Draper, Fleet Market, glass and earthenwareman—J..
Sol, jun. Birmingham, merchant—H. D. Hughes, Shottishom,
buffiAk, apothecary.

:HAMA:, APRIL 11.
Lezhurn,;ll4—lirsior, 421
NlAlta,43—Venice .V 8 10
Naulita,3l4l—Li.l ))))) , jl,
Oporto, 411--13a11iv,30
RioJaneilu , 44
Pitlettsio,

per ceut.

. . .
Cork, 11 per coal.
Foreign gold in 04201. I7F.
6d. per oz.
New 1i0ub140n5,31.185.0.1.
New Milani, 4p. 9d.
Silver in bars,standard

PRICE OF STOCKS.
Bank Stock (Minium 0.
$ per Cent. Red. 714 Int p. 3 per Cent. 744
3 per Cent.Consols 7;+ India Runde 31
3/ pet CAW. 88 twits Stuck 244
4 per Gent. 911 Exchequer 17s. prem.
New Fours, 97 Cuus. fur Ac. 77}
Lui Ants. 19/ Lottery Tickets ftt 10..

THE. NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON, MONDAY, APRIL IL

We do not remember the commencement of any.
war uf aggression, however unjnstifiable, however
'Manaus but what has been preceded by a. decla-
ration of the: loving Isinfineis and disinterested
anxiety of' the aggressors for the welfare of the
aggrieved.—sods the• Duke of .friagoule= has not
been 'behind. hand with his predecessoss, but has
published his "Ptoclaination," of which we gin to-
dax a traselatisn—a more filmsey attempt at cajolling
never met the eye, and if, instead-of it,,he bad pub-
lished a brief but honest declaration of the rascally
principles which givestlie impetus to the French
armies, in the present instance, he might have
escaped the contempt which every body feels for this
specimen of Bourbon diplonustie papers. Well may
the Spanish Generals borrow from Sheridan 's
Pizarro—Well may they exclaim with Rolla in ad-
dressing their troops—
" You lilve judged, as I Isa;set tl,n foslttess of the orally plea
•,y which these base invaders would delude you—jour gene-
rous spirits have complied, as min:, lias,Alie motive., which, in
• war, this min animaterikir minds sad ours—they, by a strange
phrensy driven, fight fat—power, for plunder, and eatonded
_relw—wit,‘for oar onuotry, altars, end our homes—they follow
Prince ♦kbm they contemn and obey, a monarch whom they
halle—sthey boast they come but to improve our state, enlarge
.or minds, and tree us from the yoke of error—they offer as
us their protection —;es, such prottction as vulture■ give to
lambs, covering and detouring them—they call on us to barter
all of good we have fought for and hate proved, for the despe-
rule chance of something better which they promise us.—Be
cur plain answer this—' 'llse throne we bow to and the laws we
rsverence are both the peoples' choice:-.—Tell your invaders
this, sod tell them ton we reek nu change, and least of all such

' gi'S!Tt

coning, by the heroism of resistance, or to
even below the contempt of surround-
every Frenchmen who escapes, having
frontier, will be as a spot in their
.scutcbeon of glory. The Ultras of France C7Ctl.
late on great assistance fram the Traitors of Spain—
we hope they may be disappointed, and if they be,
Spain will yet be free in spite of Louis the )Bth or
the hateful Allianoe.
!NB. PLINDS, SATLIRD,fr. •
• kfttr-rAsT Two O'CLOOW:
Consols opened sit 76 for aceount—have bean
done at 761 rand now brisk at 761.
The market for Spanish is also• lively=-Bonds
began at 29i—soon reached SO-404 sweat up 20
32...fr0m which they have receded to B'o
The Portuguese Ambassador is confidently stated
to have demanded passports--which, being imme-
diately granted, he forthwith quitted the French
capita'.
In spite of every effort to drive down the mallet,
Colombian liontls arc now in demand at 604.
Nespolitan Scrip, on which many holders refused
to make good their payments, bps, to the great sur-
prise of the market, been this day done at a premium
of one per cent.

The proprietort of 'Lilo Juan Bull have acted at
last as they ought to have acted at first—they have
denounced one of the scoundrels who have been
filling their columns with " lying and slandering"
—we only wish they had been under the influence
of equal honesty in another case—then, we fearlessly
assert, should we have seen a celebrated Secretary
with a black mark upon him, as inclAibly disgraceful
as that which lying, and offering to perjure himself
has fixed upon Mr. Nich. B. Bull—but if Messrs.
fihackle and Co. had done this they might might have
lost the impute patronage by which they were
dragged from obscurity to a degree of notoriety and
disgrace, to which nothing could reconcile men
except great pecuniary reward.

By express, letters dated. April 7th !,ave arrived
from Paris, conveying the proclamation issued by the
Duke of Angouleme to the Spanish nation—he will,
howev-tr, find himself mistaken if he expects to gull
the Sl'aniarili in this way—they have a duty to
perform, and we have no tears respecting either their
honesty or their courage—the following is a close
translation of the

" PROCLAMATION.
" THE ACCE D.ANGOOLEMS HENERAL IN SNIFF Of TIC
ARMY OF TILE PYKIINEES, TO THE SPANIARDS.
" The King of Fronde, by recalling his Ambassador from
Madrid, hoped that the Spanish Government, warned of its
would return to inure moderate sentiments, and
would urea to be deaf to' the counsels of benevolence and
reason. Two months sad a half have passed away, aod his
Majesty has is vain expected the establishment in Spits of
an order of Wogs compatible with the safely of neighowiring
States

" The French Government has for two entire years endured,
with a Nab • without example, the most unmerited pro-
vocations; the revolutionary faction which has destroyed the
royal authority in your opautry—which holds your hang cap-
tiee—which'isalls for bin dethronement—whicli menaces his
life and that of his family, has carried beyond its frontiers its
guilty efforts. llt•has tried all means to corrupt the army of his
Moat Christian Modesty, and to excite trouble& is France, in
the *num manlier as it had succeeded by the contagion of its
doctrines and of its example to produce the insurrection of
Naples and 'Piedmont. Del:wired in its expectations, it has
invited traitors, condemned by our tribunals, to oonsuutitiete
under the protection of triumphant rebellion the plots which
they had fumed against their country. It is time to put a atop
to the anarchy which tears Spain in !mete, which takes from it
the power of settling its colonial (homes, which separates it
Gum Europe, which has broken all its relations with tho
august sovereigns, whom the same inteutions Auld the same
views unite with Ilia most Christian Majesty, and which com-
promises the repose and interests of France.
Spaniards !—Frante is not at war with your country.—
Strung from the sane blood as your King'. IL can have 114) wish
but fur yoor independence, lout happiness, your glory. lam
• going to crosslbe Pyrenees at the head of 100,000 Freschmen;
hut it is in order to unite myself to the, paniards. friends of
order and this lawb, to assist thou in setting free their captive
king, in milting again the altar and the odour, in revouisg,
priests from proscriptions, men of property from spolianou, and
the whole people froth the dominion of an ambitious few, nob°,
while they proclaim liberty, arc preparing only Use slavery and
• ruin of Spain-.
4. Spaniards!—Every thing will be done for you and with
you. The French are not, and wish not to be, any thing but
your quail iarien.. Your standard alone shall float over your
cities : the province* traversed by our soldiers shall be ad-
ministered in the clone of Ferdinand by Spanish authorities ;
the acne, est dircipline shall hr oh •erred • every thing necessary
fur the service of the army shall be paid for with a scrupulous
punctuality; we do nut pretend either to impose laws on you,
or to occupy your century ; vie wish nothing but your Jelly, r-
anee ; as soon as we shill hate obtaided it, von will return to
our country, happy to hate ~reserved a generous people fruit
the miseries produced by lei ulutiou, and which experience has
taught us but too well to appreciate.

" kle.:d•yu►rteru ■~llayo:me, Aril 2, 1823.
" LOUIS ANTOINE.

'

~Ywq.^

•

Tie ultimo' had a Leieft-cefidi
inst; Ina JtDrawing:toont or Witte
inst. ter the celebration of his b&;j
A letter from the Agent to ofin
states, that there has been a krench

s •

r, the
!_.t_ .1

hoe of battle ships and frigates laying off there for
several dues previous to that letter leaving.
Since ilte fall of Corinth, that of Patras is at
hand. On the 18th of February the la►t outworks
were stormed, and since the 25th of February front
80 to 90 perso'ns daily perish from famine. The
castle of Lepanto also must soon fall, if it be not
already taken.
The following Captains have been promoted to
the rank dame-Admirals of the Blue :—The Hon.
Sir Charles Paget, Robert Williams, and Richard
Worseley, ,
The fbllowing is an estsact of a letter from the
• agents to Lloyd's at Genoa, dated March 29:--
" The master of a coasting vessel arrived hers from
Cette.reports, that on• passing the roads of Toulon,
ion the 22d instant, he observe►l two line-of►dmttle
ships, and three frigates, at anchor there. It is re-
ported tai fifteen ships of war, of different rates,
are fitting out -iti that port, and that orders had sr-
rived to• arm the batteries on the coast, for the pro-
teetion of their trade against cruisers. '1 he fleet of
this state is preparing to fit out."
Tata 81Attbuts of HASTINGS. —This distinguished
Nobleman was, it is understood, to leave India in
December last ; but whether he returned to Europe
by Sues, or in the frigate which was long ago ap-
pointed to take him to the MeditCrranean, we have
-not learned. Rumour mentions him as the succes-
sor of Sir Thomas Maitland, and that Malta is his
ultimate destination.
By a decree published at Lisbon, on March 12th,
the operation of the decree or the 14th of July,
1821, is suspendeil, and the importation of British
woollens into Portugal. allowed, on paying a duty of
only 15 per cent. This regulation is to remain in
force till the conclusion of the treaty now begociatihg
with. Great Britain

The Warsaw Gazelle of the 15th ult. contains on
cnainance for restraining the exportation of corn,
and encouraging its impunation, in emisequence of
the kingdom of Poland suffering this year a great
scarcity of summer-corn.
The financial state of the county of Huntingdon
has enabled the magistrates to order the county
rate not to be collected this quarter. This is the
second quarter its operations have been suspended
it will undoubtedly give some relief to the agricul-
turist ; but in the village of Eton, in that county,
it is said,. that there have been 57 men out of em-
ployment and supported wholly by the parish 'rates
during the winter.
Accounts from Cape Coast state that the iiativen
are suffering from a misunderstanding with the
Ashante country, which, has proved very detrimental
to their trade, and it is feared nothing but a military
force will bring the Sing of Ashante to terms, ne-
gociation having .as yet proved unsuccessful. A
small force would settle this business, and the natives
of Cape Coast have some reliance in Sir Charles
Macarthy's friendly interference.

An ()Porto Jouinal of the 24th ult. states, that a
brilliant victory has been obtained by the Constitu-
tionalist., near Amarante; the action lasted front
nine in the morning to tour in the evening. Tito
rebels were finally routed, leaving 210 Owners in
the power of the conqueror, and ifidead on the field
of battle. The same journal adds, that a battalion
of Cacadorea was particularly distinguished in this
affair. Mier having been tbr a long time under
fire, the soldiers would neither rest nor take their
rations when they arrived at Amarante, but rushed
upon the enemy, with cries of " Live the Consti-
tution'!" After the action, when General Rego
returned to Amarante with the prisoners, he wee
born" on the shoulders of the soldiers Sothis quarters,
amidst the most enthusiastic acclamations. This
declared champion of liberty said to his comrades,
that he would lose his life in the field of honour, or
would avenge the country outraged by itaunwortby
sons.
According to an estimate presented to.the.hiouse
of Commons, the sum that may be wanted in the
present year towards defiayiag the sixpences of
building the new Courts of JVstice in Weswinster
Hall, is thirty thousand pounds, clear of fees and
all other deductions.
SUGAR Tacna.—la appears 47 the Bristol pre-
sentment of Monday, that "•there is not one cask
of sugar now. remaining in the Loaded wareliqures
at this port, upon which the home consumption duly
lies not been paid." This circumstauce, we be..
licve, is wholly unprecedented since the establish-
ment of the warehousing system.
Mr. H. Ball and the lute Mademoiselle Mercan-
dotti arrived at the Albion Hotel, Rumsgate, i
on Sunday night, the 6th instant. They proceeded
thence to Dover, in order to embark for Ostend.
Lady Cochrar iukir

. i.
---- , . . orriterk- - .._ ' •
-• • - - lIEF NAT/ON
•' ---.4•145a*4.E. their county by the hei
eltollll 41117/CIC. Amu. wt, sink her even below t
INEMBEIR nthenella le semis this person PARLIAMENT. inn netinn,—eyery Frenc
City of Duchem.--tte H. lisedisge. 1LC.8., et Gloticeeter
Place, to the City o( Westssisstei. crossed the frontier, wi
,

lierLad(ClYlNlCrit)ellrherafon
, - - .aaluitUft k.esienu.
; isos mutahkiAngmegrriecaut. pretrearraLtiaodnyastipr
non, sou ten then) ton two seek nu change, and least of all sorb
" By Ilia Royal Higlineaa the Pance Gene.ral in Chief, the
cluing' es they would bring us."
Der °flits Most Christian
Counsellor of Slate, Civil Commissio
iMUIS ANTOINE.
TIGNAC.'. and etaite, it is expected, will embark in the course
'I-
%Vali the Spaniards dues it rest to immortalize I msksty, )IAR-
of-the ensuing week.
1a f
. •
e
