. ,

their royal word, is to unite their arms, if necessary, in order
to destroy all the governments which have been formed ire e(n-
sequence of the erents of the French revolution, either in Eu-
rope or in the New World Learn, moreover, that it is
Great Britain which is the centre and prime mover If this con•
.federacy. to which, sooner or later, all other powers must
yield : and every Government or Chief that refuses to sub-
mit will be punished as traitors and banditti."—These lies
and bombast made no impression on the Negro sovereign.
A general council was summoned, before which Christophe
caused M. Lavaysce's letter to be laid, and an address was
instantly voted, expiessive of their unanimous resolution to
perish to the last man rather than submit. A deputation
waited on the King the next morning, with this expression
of their sentiments, and received the manly and energetic
answer which follows:—" Ilaytians ! your sentiments, your
generous resolutions are worthy cif us; your King shall al-
ways be worthy of you. Our indignation is at its height.
Let Has ti ftom this moment be only one vast camp ; let us

prepare to combat those tyrants who threaten us with chains,
slavery, aud death. flaytians ! the whole world has its eyes
fixed upon us ; our conduct must confound our calumnia-
tors, and justify the opinion which philanthropists have
formed of us. Let us rally—let us have but one and the
same wish—that of exterminating our tyrants. On the una-
nimous co-operation of our union, of our efforts, will depend
the prompt success of our cause. Let us exhibit to posterity
a ;lent example of courage ; let cis combat with glory, and
be effaced from the rank of nations, rather than renounce

liberty and independence! A King, will know how to live
and die like a King : you shall always see us at your head,
sharing in your perils and dangers. Should it so happen
that we cease to exist before consolidating your rights, call
to mind our actions; and should our tyrants so far succeed
as to endanger your liberty and independence. disinter my
bones ; they will still lead you to victory, and enable you
to triumph over our implacable and eternal enemies."
GREAT PROItABILITY OF WAR.

Our readers arc aware how early we have expressed our

fears that the peace of Europe would not be of long du
ration. Day after day proofs arc added to co►►firm our

opinion. "It is now generally believed," says the
Times of yesterday, " that the Emperor of Russia has
resolved on taking to himself the greater part of Poland, and
bidding his will avouch it. Somt gloon►y politicians are of
opinion that this may tend to stir up a new Continental War,
by throwing Russia into the arms of France, in which event
we shall have the happy alternative of standing by and seeing

France gradually re-assume her paramount authority, or of
joining with Russia and Prussia in the attempt to aggrandize
the former by the annexation of Poland. Pe, haps it might
be a wiser as well as a more honourable conduct to unite
with France, were that possible. in compelling the establish-
ment of a real balance of power; but against such an union,
there are so many prejudices, as well as so many set ions ob
atacles, that we can hardly reckon it among the probabilities
to be calculated on, in any event. Private letters from
Faris, too, afford us little reason to believe that our alliance
-would be very highly valued by the French., Our corres•

,ondent states, that since the tinexpected news ft om Ghent,
the Amer leans at Paris have been every where treated with
the most marked respect. They have in general assumed at
211 public places their national cockade, linth as a means of
attracting; to themselves those attentions, and also to prevent

their being mistaken for English, and experi•d as such to the
affront's which-of Late have bceu openly shown to our coun-
trymen."

THE NATIONA F. REGISTER.

: .

JAN. 8.

On the other hand we find the once glorious Spain likely
to turn.her back upon us. The unexpected absence of the
British Ambassador to the Court of Madrid fom the scene of
his diplomatic duties, is attri uteri to various r awses ; but to
whatever motive, it may he am ibed, it is perfectly r lear that
his influence in that situation is extremely small, and that
notwithstanding the pre .eminent services render ed by this
country to Spain, he finds himself incompetent to establish
those mutual relations which have been so long considered
to he the natural and necessary consequence of those set vices.
By letters from he Peninsula. we discover another example
of the partiaiity of the Court of Madrid to France, r especting
the commercial intercourse between the two nations, it is
positively stated, that a tar if has been established favourable
to the manufactures and industry of France, in which the
latter will in some commodities obtain au advantage over the
same description of merchandise prepared in Great Britain, to
the amount of 10 per cent. It is perfectly obvious that it
would be in vain to attempt any competition with France,
under such discouraging circumstances.

i.,41e7,1110•0-.••.*

• TL:ET:' _

JAN. 8.

TTIP,

force sufficient at those places not only to frustrate any design
of this sort, but efFl•ctual:y to defeat the enemy should be at-
tempt its execution.

TIO

EXPEDITION TO NEW ORLEANS.

Accounts have been received from Jamaica•of the arri
val of part of the army la►ely employed in the Chesapeake,
and the fleet which waq destined to co-operate in the at-
tack on film town, or come place in its vicinity, and that Sir
A. r.ichrane was expected to join by the 20th November.

Geneial Keane's force that left Plymouth about the 40th
Sept. had proceeded onward. and it is supposed for the same
destination. The ut ited force will be 8000 men. On the
other h.►ud, the Americans have taken possession of %Vest
Florida, and already holding the forts on the Mobile, will,
we feal. deprive our Commanders of the necessary hat bourn
for shipping, or force them into a contest to re-obtain them,
thus essentially reducing their strength.

The prrison at New Orleans is said to be 5000 men, bu t
we fear there are greater impediments tl►ati these to be
fund in the navigation, and cannot but express our fear
that its re,uk will n►►t be prosperous ; unless the inhabi-
tants, tired of the American yoke, should unite with us—but
here again we are met with by the treaty—the status aide

The expedition may be expected to arrive at the Missis-
sippi about the 10th or 15th December, and accounts of its
more early operations will reach Charleston in about eight
days. Ten days more will cpuvey them to New Yoi k, so
that with the first fair winds lifter the 40th January we tnay
expect accounts.

Amer lean and Halifax Papers were received on Tuesday
rp to a late date ; the war being terminated, the accounts in
them have lost much of their interest to an European reader.
It appears from the American Journals that New Hampshire
anpt oves and adopts the motives and views of the Legislature
of Massachusetts. Vermont has not yet expressed any
opinion, though equally exposed to the pressure and mischiefs
of the war. In their• ',solutions these are no expressions
9;ed tending to any idea of seperation from the union ; but
if that had been the wish of the framers of the resolution,
they would not have expressed it before hand. Besides, how
often do public bodies go much further than they originall!.
intended ? A speech of one of the Representatives for
Massachusetts, Mr. Rufus King, may be referred to as an
instance of this. He throws off all disguise---...' If a King of
England," he says " by his corrupt servants chastised New
England with whips, this Administration have chastised
her with scorpions. A repetition of the same grievances will
remind s ,f the remedy."
Bernie the news of peace with America cr.n reach the Gulf
of Mexico, a serious attack, no doubt, will have been made on
the Americans in the Missisispi The expeditions which
sailed from Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Cork, did not touch
Lt Bermuda, but proceeded direct for the mouths of the above
mentioned river, whither Rear Admiral Cockburne also had
sailed to assist in the operations, which were to proceed under.
the immediate direction of the Commander in Chinf, sir A.
Cochrane. It seems extremely likely that the British exile-
ditto!' would arrive so as to be enabled to intercept the
return of Geller J .Jackson; but if any means of escape be
left to him it would be by the woods of the interior country.
Ihe force under his orders was of an irregular description,
but probably amounting to 8000 men. The British troops,
troy supposed to be on the shores of the Miaissirpi would

ST

reach the nurneriehl strength of 10,000 or 12,000 men.
The ci►mmunication between New Orleans and Pensacola is
principally by water, which will considerably facilitate any
operations that the British Commander may contemplate io
direction.

A Boston paper of the 7:IL November says—" Most of the
deserters from the British army, whom we have seen, are not
Englishmen. They are Germans, Italians, Portuguese. and
Spaniards. Some of them ate Frenchmen, who according to
their own account, were inveigled into the British army in
France, under pretence of fighting to.restore the Bourbons,
being attached to that dynasty, and were afterwards brought
off against their consent. That such men should desert, is
not only natural but justifiable Some of these Frenchmen
are silk manufacturers, others have been bred in vineyards,
and may do well in Kentucky and Ohio, were the cultivation
of grape is daily extending. Among the British subjects who
have deserted, we have noted men of almost eve'y trade, but
especially a number of Scoth and Irish weavers, some of whom
found immediate employ at several of our manufacturing
establishments. Some of the deserters, not lii itish subjects,
have enlisted in our army.
We received sesterday morning Canadian Papers, from
which we learn that the British privateer schooner Retalia-
tion, has ken taken by A stra'agem of the enemy.
The French papers state, that the greatest discontent pre-
vailed in Italy; thedesertions from the Italian army continue
to a great extent, in consequence of the troops being ordered
into the Austrian dominions.

The law respecting the liberty of the press, is not likely to
remain a dead letter in Pali:. Of six persons lately tried for
a libel, fitur, viz. a man of letters, a bookseller, a printer,
and the corrector of the press. have been sentenced to five
years imprisonment, the •uspension of their civil rights du-
ring that time, and a .fine of 5000 francs; one to a lesser
punishment; and one was acquited.
Beside the desire which every one naturally feels to see
affairs of the Congress amicably adjusted) there is another
very material reason for our wishing a speedy settlement—so
long as the Congress lasts, England is to pay the subsidies sti-
pulated for with Austria, Russia, and Prussia.
The affair of General Excelmans having been referred by
the Chamber of Deputies to the French Government, orders
have been i,sued that he shall be.tried in the 16th Military
Division ; and Marshal the Duke of Treviso, in quality of
Governor, is to bring the business before the Council of War
of that division.

The accounts from Spain are of the same description as
they have been for some time past, and the tyranny of the
Government seems to proceed without any relaNa! i.t of its
severity. Twenty-one persons, comprising pries 5, military
men, administrators, men of letters, journalists, Aril • wore in
the time of the Cortes, were, during the last month, con-
demned to the galleys or strong prisons for two, six, or eight
years ; two conductors of the Newspaper called the Bec,
were condemned to bri hanged, and their property confisuated
they have holve-rer made their escape. Manrique and
Givcii, both Professors of ;•',-ielices, have been condemned to
the galleys, in the arsenal -f Carthagena, for r . ears.
STOPPAGE OF A COUNTRY BANK.—Th, Rank of Messrs.
Mars'', Dean, IVestbrooke. and Co at o,Ace, stopped
payment at half-mist eleven o'clock this ino.nin4 To at.
tempt to depict the consequence would be futile it can be
better conceived than described ! The firm 11.1 d opened as
usual, at ten n'eto k, and at the Ithoye-me•iti,,ned time at-
nounced their insolvetacy. Th hock wa. e:ectiical, and
numerous farnikes are, to all appearance, invoked in utter
destrurtion.--Rcaling, Jan.

(
