. . .

,77•27.!!

•.

THE

m0.....—_
's GAZETTE.

, Drs. SI.
..s present PARLIAMENT.
Mackenzie. of Scar Bart., in
deceased.
.NLAUGF.D.
slocarler. from Jan. 4 *Jana I.
`mall. from Jan. 4 to Jan. IS.
Solicitors, Meows. Bromley.
Hinckley. Leicestershire. hosiers.
-.1, Coon. Gray's Inn.
j. Yorkshire, corn factor.
.ett's Buildings, Holborn.
riorkshire. coal dealer. bol. Mr.
Mr. Erma", II 10M

Market. chcesemengert. Solo.
lir Court, Cornlull.
leather. sollos. Mc.....

.41011.
Douglas. Sunderland DM the
J. KW % Wapping, linen 41, aper
Poseitoseb Brion, merchant.—
*y. mei Insesiont-21. W. Cones.
repsmaint-21, A. Baraitscbine.
1. Halton, l'uttenliam Court
and J. Bigotry, Deptaxi,
Nom doper.
gmeted Jam el.
es tlMler—T. Hobert, jun.
j. airminarestu—W. J. W. Lind:
rathina. 'Hsu Ciruse. Midvale
• Yorluibire. cotton spinner*.
.AL LIST

FOR TIIE YEAR ItB3.
%VARY.
Brighton consecrated by the
beautiful conjunction between
to great “dvantage iluriug
advanced to the rank of a
town front Brighton, held a

s Report.
I returned to Brighten.
I.—His Majesty returned to tons from Brighton.—The
flaws East Indianian wrecked during a dreadful tempest on
0014{: Ilbei coast near Eastbourne, and several oldie crew drowned.
• • • 11.—His Majesty opened the Session of Parliament in person.
1.1.?1" : The Metropolis visited by a violent storm ; a hid killed by the
lolling of • large coping stone in Pickett-street, and several ,
persons bort by the filling of tiles and chins pots.
111.—Tbs sag held • Levee at Carlton Reuse. The House
J COMMES paged Os Irish In rrrrr ction 8.11, and a Bill for
• aosplaillisp rho Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland.
two Irish Bills sent to the House of Lords.
IllaaaMwoling of the inhabitants of Westminster, who voted
i• • Petition to Parliament, praying for Retrenchment and Par-
Dammam, Reform.
Mee Baran fil•Clelland opened the Special Commission is ,
. • Cork.
18.—Foorteon of die Irish insurgents found guilty.
Cuutts, the eminent and worthy banker, departed
this life.
•

.• II ARCH.
Iw=flisit kederearlimee of Spanish South America (Colombia)
rewimesneedisid by the President to be recognised by the Limited
States of America-
•• •'• • oa—Mis. Donatty murdered in a most barbarous manner, at
Bar residence, Robert-street, Bedford-row, Laying received
1,0 1....;t0rw0 deep stalls in her throat.
• 14.—Meeting of the Freeholders of the county of Middlesex
to petition for Retrenchment and Parliaineutary Reform.
. : 15.—Act passed for traosferring die Navy Five per Cents.
into the Four per Centre.
22.—Mr. G. Hare attacked and robbed in Well•street, St.
i• ' r• George's in the East, mud died oe Vie 24th of his wounds.—A
Common Council was held, whieb passed a rote of censure on
.. Alderman Sir Wm. Curtis, fur expressions, reflecting on the
, • ..Cutuition Council, used by him in the House of Commons.
-'1 f 27.:--The King arrived in town from Brighten.
• • . Common Hall held, which passed resolutions res-
- :1•• pealing, the Distress of the Country, and to petition the House
of Commute for Parliamentary Reform—a vote of censure
• visa panto on Sir Win. Curtis, for expressions used by his in
•- tbe (louse of Commune, reflecting on the Common Council.
• •;-!, • —The King held a Comma, and received the Recorder's Re-
port.
~ soddenly. Sir John Silvester, Recorder of the
•. City.:of London.
. • . APRIL.
4--Viseount Chateaubriaiid, the French ambassadee.
rived in time from France.
, 13.—Sir John Sewell and Messrs. Murray, Sharpe, Be.
acquitted GA an indictment charging them with instituting proses
cutioss o extort tunny, as persons comnectcd with the .• Cow-
stitedenal. Association."
10.—The King held a grand Levee at Carlton-house.
• 20.—A verdict of 5001. given against the Proprietors of the
John Dud Weekly newspaper, fur publishing a gross libel en
Mr. Alderman Waldman.
23.—The King held a grand Drawing-room at Buckinghemi
• Palace.
• 25.—Mr. Denman elected Common Sergeant of the City of
London by the Common Council.—Lord J. Russell's fiction
for Parliamentary Reform negatived by n majority of 103, the
Ayes being 164, Noes 269.—A lonise fell in in Bodge-row, by
• which some persons were no tunately killed, and others much
Injured.
27.--Captain Samoan performed his extraordinary feat of
walking to Weatherley, in Yorkshire. hum London, and back '
again, beim; 356 mites, is six days. 7 his match exceeds any
thews done even by Powell, the great pedestrian.
$S.—Mr. Caaning'a motion for leave to bring in a Bill to
~ors the right of Catholic Peers to sit in the House of
• loairda, was carried by a majority of live, the Ayes beloi 249,
Mors 244.
MAY.
2.—A duel footed in Kermingion Gardens between the Doke
of Bedford mid the Duke of Bnoltinganni, arising nut of some
• merinos* used by the former worthy Duke at the Bedford
county Meeting. The Doke of Dui liughunt tired Grid, sn.l
esisarad, and the Duke of Bedford discharged his 0401 is the
sir, and a reemaciljetioa Antral ds took place.

i
is •

•"

• •,„,. . _
• s
e,04, R•tia. • •
• OOP • ..44.%
• .-•••• •-.111 11*." aw •
"14111111 L-
.

OVAL REGISTER

"'

DUBLIN. -The Attorney General of Ireland has
determined not to prosecute the imlividuls now in
custody for the outrage on the Marquis Wellesley
on the capital charge. A bill has, -however, been
preferred for the misdemeanor, and the ordinary
charge of confpiraey and riot.

-. k...i., -r -.

--- - _ ---
Lord Normaaby's motion carried in the Hasse of Commies FUNCIF POLICE.
to address his Majesty to dismiss ace of the Postmeaters-Ge•
pent. (EXTRACT OF A LETTXI6)
7.—A meeting at the City of London Tavern, to consider of A curious circumstance has come to light, which
memos to relieve the famishing Irish peasantry in the South and while it furnishes a striking proof' of the vigilance
West of Ireland, and • large subscription coninieneed.—The u 1 1 r suspicion of the French plaice, under its pre.
new church at St. Patents oonseerstoa.—st. roat's Cathedral a
lighted with gm, to try the effect. I sent direction, may enable the public to obtain dis.
I 4.—The Prime end Princess of Denmark arrived at Dower closures of a piquant or Interesting nature. It will
front Orbit, be r. collected, that some time ago a notice was pub.
15.—His Majesty honoured Drury-lane Theatre with his pre-
sence. fished
at the English embassy here, that no more
17.—His Majesty went to Covent-garden Theatre. private letters would be allowed to be sent to Eng-
18.—The Marquis of Westmeath sentenced to three months land by the English Ambassador's bag. It is well
cooteoeweet hr the Cowie' King's Bench, fee ',coding a chid- known, that for some time past the English have
lenge to Mr. Woods. suspected that letters sent by the post have been
23.—The 15th Ansi y of the Triumph of Westminster
and Perky of Election, ielebrated at Me Crown and Anchor opened. Those, therefore, who had any politital
Tavern, Sir F. Burdett in the . hair. secrets to communicate, or who wished to secure the
23.—The Metropolis sad environs visited with a iremeodous sate transmission of their correspondence, and Who
storm. had any acquaintance at the embassy, sent by the
28.—Mr. Denman begin his career as Common Sergeant.
1 81.—A grout Dress liall at the opera noose, for the benefit Englil courier. This was known to the police: a
ad Oa distressed Irish possanky, patronised by his Majesty, I plan was therefore arranged for procuring a view of
who woo reseal. 1 this correspondence, and adroit persons were *plaint-
JUN E. ied to carry it into execution. The English mes....
1.--A pod review of saga', on Bleekleenti.
4,4Aass Nom ipemesseed. Ibe Lag. die Duke of I seuger very •generally slept at Calais, in waiting
York. dos Nem sal !5it...,.. 12dffiriake said 'pest sum. ' for the packet ; and during the time of his repose,
her of persons nrilinelanilas, sainigassne. persons employed by the police got possession of his
11.—Mr. Stool Wed he WNW Alesavaea Illaimea in a • hag, opened it, took out the letters, unsealed them,
deal, awl auggewsly asiedlina by lb. hay. Is SW 'stet
ealalia aril anowded Onset. read them, and took copies of such as appeared most
12.—Ris Meaty held a Levee. curious or important. These copies transmitted to
IL—The Ling held a Drawing-room. M. Franehet, the Director-general of police, who
Ill.—Salle of Waterloo celebrated as maid. Load Wel- thus became privy to all the becrets in the bag. M.
!how' gave a greed military dinner on the occasioa.
22.—The Catholic Peers Bill rejected is the 110... of Franchet could not gain tliis hidden knowledge
Lords by a majority of 42. without putting it into the power of others to dis-
rots.—Alderuteo Lucas and Thompsou elected lowa's. . close it. One of the agents whom he employed
- JULY. thought he might turn the secrets to advantage, and
I.—Some of the Spanish Guards mutinied at Madrid. .
T..—They were obliged so submit, several having been killed. • not only took a copy of many letters for the dime.
The foundation stare of a new church wss isid at Deimos tor-general of police, but for himself. This agent
med another at Kennington, by the Arelibishop'of Canterbury. ham been dismissed, and thus the proceeding has
10.—First stone of a new church at Windsor Isla. been revealed. The copies of the letters which he
18. The anniversary of his Majesty's Coronation celebrated,
by the firing of the guns, Sc. and a grand fete at Vauxhall Gar-
reserved for himself be now afters for publication,
dens.—The Duchess of Cambridge delivered of a Princess. and has accorthngly set out for London to offer the
90.—The Bishop of Clogher (Peru Jocelyn) sad a soldier , precious collection to a bookseller. It contains, it
examined at Marlborough-sireet 011 ice, for a detestable of- , is said by a gentleman to whom it was submitted,
fence. The Bishop admitted to bail; the Soldier committed
• nearly twenty letters, addressed to his Majesty oft
for want of bail. f
22- —Act:cants received in town of Iterbide having been de- Great Britain by the Hanoverian Ambassador, Mr.
creed Emperor of Mesieo.—llis Majesty held a Chapter of the Von Grote; several addressed to a noble Lord
Garter at Carlion-house, to dispose of the vacant ribbons. (Lowther), whose faller is a great borough-holder
as.—lstelligeaeo received from Surges of Bolivar having in the north, and to several other well-known cha.
victoriously mitered Quito.
AUGUST: racters. That the letters which he exhibits as a
2.—A bearrtifol Eclipse of the Moon. part of the correspondence found in the English
13.—The King prorogued Parliament. I Ambassador's bag are genuine copies, I son informed
10.—His Meaty embarked at Greenwich for Scotland.
there
12.—The Marquis of Londonderry died at North Cray. cannot be the slightest doubt. If the secrecy
13.—A coroner's inquest sat on Lord Londoirderry, aad of a private correspondence was thus violated, is
brought in a verdict—" That un Monday, August 12, and for there any security, it may be asked, that the die.
some time previously, the Most Noble Robert, Marquis of patches of the Ambassador escaped examination ?
Londonderry, under a grievous disorder did labour and lan-
gei,ls, and hecsme in consequence delirious, and of hisser i
mind ; and that whilst in that state, with a kali' of iron and
steel, lie did inflict ou himself on the left side of his neck, and I
of the carotid artery, a cOOll4l of one hick is length, and half am I
Melt in depth, of which he instantly died ; and that no other
person except himself was t'ne canes of his death."
14.—The Royal George yacht, with his Majesty on board,
anchored off Leith.
13.—The Kim; landed at Leith, and proceeded to Edinburgh •
amidst acclamations.
17.-I'he King hell a Levee at Itelyrood-honse.
20.—The remains of the Marquis of Londonderry interred in
Westminster Abbey. _

DESPERATE GALLEY SLAVES.

A letter front Toulon, dated the 14th of Decem-
ber, states the following ease of revenge
.. About two months since a galley slave fur life, In the
berm (place where slaves are confined) at Toulon, was
cuittleauned to stiffer death, for having stabbed with r
knife one of the arida of Surveillance. The wretch
enbmitted to his ponisliment with p 1 ; end fat
from expressing any repentance for his crime, he, on this
; cositrare declared his regret that he had net destroyed
- SEPTEMBER. i the Hader Cominioanire Directeur of 1140 Bogue. He,
I.—His Majesty landed at Greenwich from Scott ad. f however, made a cerifession, that his ecostpenioe chained
14.--Mr. Coming moietted as Secretary of State for Foreign to I ' , who had also been r condemned to slavery for life,
Affairs, in the room of the late hlarquis of Londonderry. I had, like himself; formed she design of revenging pre.
22.—The Duke of Welliogton left Paris for Vienna. I tended vexations on tie, part of his keeper. Upon tit-
tle: I'OBER, eeiving that information thee put the convict whose name
16.—The King held a Council at Brighton, and prorogued was Casquette, into astether grog. where be became the
Parliament. object of more strict illative. Nothwillistanding
22.—Dleeting of Congress al Verstne.—Tertifie eruption of these pretentious, one Weenie, Sid/ Adjutant of Stir-
Veber ios. veillance. and the father of a family, had the misfortune
NOVEMBER. to fall under the blows of this desperate wretch. Ricotta
I.l.—Air.linnt was ushered into London by a procession, on aosioted the day before yesterday at the distribution of
his liberation after his confinement in Ilchester gaol. the bleeps fur the night. At the imminent a chain of *levee
15.--The King held a Council at Brighton, and prorogued returitioig front work haul entered, Casquette took 'dean-
Parlim»ent to the 2dofJanaary. Inge of the contusion. and advanced Hearer the onfor•
22.—The King held a Court at Callum-house, and held an irate !Leone r lie then stepped aside, pretcading that he
Order of the Garter, when the Marquis of Hertfurd was elected *Word to toorgnin for a quart of wine, and 'honing a
a Knight of the Order. in the MOM of the Isle Marquis of Lou. long knife with two ethers, phinged it into the bowel. of
do•derre. The King afterwards received the Report of 60 his victim. Bicolor fell bellied in his blood, and ;tar lof the
prisoners ander sentence of death in Newgate. I entrails protested fans the wound. Another slave, con.
25.—Two wretches executed for an abominable offence, &timed fur life, interposed between the inisedrrer and
amidst the execrations of the multitude. iticutix, In order to save him from other blows ; but seven
2T.—six men hung for burglary rind other offences. or eight states with the same knife were the reward of hie
DECEMBER. gond intention. He fainted flow loss of blood. The
6.—Tremendons storm—in Dublin it blew quite a hurricane. Unties t:n 1111 l tissaite, N. II inhumed of this doable emir-
10.—A manly fight between Shelton and Josh. Hudson, sod tier, pooreeded ' Amity to the Waste, where the coll-
ect closely contested, that neither could at last coo •to time. ' fusion and uproar were great. The moment the A in
Hickman, bettor known by the ',Mier% by the name of Gas, l'Cr:I•i•ell 11110, Ito exulainted, Ole Monsieur, le Come
and Mr. Roe, bit tricot and bacter. fell out of a gig coming ! oia..eire ! 1-low uttlnrittorate I ant to be Iwo minsitentoo
front the fight, and were killed on the spot. , late. A blow was intended for you t hut no matter, yon
14.—A party of e..e Orange faction in Ireland :tisueed the ' wilt 11°I lose MOO by welting, for 1 "" twenty others
Lord Lieutenant elide at the Theatre. One ruffian flung a I woo have formed Clue saute design as myself. The *tech
bottle at liitti, which hit the panne) of the Vice-regel box.— an, oeieed, tied M. Regitaud, the elder, a Surgeon, be
Some of the offenders erre takeri into custody. The cause of bulging to she Nasy, .rusted by his pupil, conveyed the
the outrage was in eousequeece of the latidalila determinution 1 two wounded nien to the Hospital of die Beene.—
of the Government nut to eucourage the dressing of the statue Eve., aid was given, bat Ricotta died 4SIIOIII/ alter.
of King Willi m 111. by the Orangemen in College Green. I •• It not *apposed the slate could not recover, but in
21.--Long's lintel, Bond-street, horned down at two o'clock ! cite he does these is no doubt he will receive a pardon,
in the morning.—A glo4 of gamblers taken nut of a tritium, ;at a y !was d for his genet our ilea oliou.
gambling-house in Bennet-street, St. James's; examtued at I" / lie minolerer nppeared quite trait(mil, and answered
Bow-street, some conce:Hed in the house committed for three
with ediontro y to emotes questions put by Ilse Commis-
months to the House of Correcti n, and those seen at play for a "stir. Hr rejoiced to the deed from two motives. Mist
month—the remainder discharged. irecateie it would deliver hint front a life which had be-
come inotipportable. Secondly, he was tevenged in kill-
tog one of hut persecutors. His only regret was that Its
could stud devise/ the magistrate.
" Lira CliiMilinl will be tried by the Maritime Tribe-
nal."

Mr. Ravenga, the new Minister from the Repub..
lie of Columbia him strived by the Jamie' packet.

•
4.
' 2
FMQJI TUESDAY NIGH'
, ........--
CROWN OFFICE. I
I etturnml to serve in this pt
Oliasir Kma.—Sir .1. W. Ntackenzu
dT. Mackenaie. Esq. derma
. --•
BANKRUPTCIES EN
X. Marts. Romforti, Essex. slopealls
s T. Fauna. Oxford Street. oilman. f:
B AN KRUPT
J. R. Clam'. Ipswich. tualtater. Sol
lan
J. mid J. Wall. Bindle
min Lang sad Co. Holborn C
T. LlBl46llWirCil 41u8y.
ols. Marais Bartlett's
r • ' J. Buillinta. Sam" Yorkshire,
;Jackson
It. Ptilka,refiatta. merchant. Sol. I
J. and J. Stickland, Newgate Markt
Meows. Anatol; and Cu. Freeman's C 4
J. Diekisson, Aldersgate Street, last
trail= mid lion. Fore Street..
DIVIDENDI
.4 Jan. U. W. Harm and M. Dougl,
Boa, Durtuun. am/ iitrars-21. J. MN
: .-411,_J. C. White. Mime Coun. Fund
el. W, EiNlalk.Cbmas. Ramey. tout n
1: •
1 .. Canal am. Ilammadsey. mpostutke
Gesmapeade bassliriasinao.-Si. J. ll
1 Mods toesdeellet. M. Ritchie at , .
brews-4i. I. Louipleg. lArerpool.l
CIitITIVICATEn to be gr
'!i. • W. Cmik, Waddle*, Kent. aim d
Gnat Raul lisore. liksipikury. ma
1 `7 way. Bab. silk aserese..J. J. Watkins,
Weber-4. Armitage. Paastinia. Vol
• CHRONOLOGICi
OF
I• . i REMARYABLR EVENTS FO
---
JANUARY.
11.--Y6 Royal Chapel at ItriAli
Nab* el Caieltemar.-1 he beaus
Jupiter. Satan. sad Mai Noun, seen 1
Ulu instills.
111.—Tlas Margnis of Buckingham a
1 Doke. -
17.—His Majesty same to town
Ciancil. and received the Recorder's
15.—The King held a Died, and
2. ~ FEBILUAILI
11; ' ''.
. IL—His Majesty reissued to to
' Thames East Indianian wrecked dual
1. v 4.• '7, ' ,
' lie coast near Eastbourne. and seven
..,,,
