TUESDAY, JusiE 25.

The report of the Westminster improvements Bill was pre-
sented and agreed to.
Mr. WILMOT presented accounts of New South Wales
Gilantit.trdered to he printed.
Mr. WROTTESLEY obtained leave to bring ;n a Bill to
prevent persons conveying washings and other substances,
arising from the process of gas making, into any river or other
waters. The bill was brought in and read a first time, and
ordered to be read a second time on Monday.
.

The House went into a committee on the register office
(Scotland) Act, 55, Geo. 111. c. 70, and 57 Gen. 111. r. 61, in
which Mr. Dundus moved resolutions, that it was expedient to
bring in a bill to regulate the Lord Register Fees, &c.—Agreed
to: to-murrow.
. . . . . .

Mr. lh NG presented a petition, praying for leave to bring
in a bill respecting the Highgate elouity school.—Referred to
a committee.

The report of the Welsh Coals' Bill was presented and
agreed to.
The Scotch Distillation Bill was read a third time and
passed.
SALT Tex.—Mr. CURW EN asked whether there would be
any objection to produce a copy of the report of the Bosril of
Excise, respecting the continuation or the 2s. duty on salt ?
He understood that the Board was decidedly hostile to the con-
tinuation of such ditty.
Mr. LUSHINGTON replied, that be bad never heard of any
report.
Mr. CURWEN then moved, that there be laid before the
House copies of any communication with the Board of Excise

respecting the continuation of the 2s. ditty. Notion agreed to.
STAMP DrriFs.—Mr. LCSHINCTON moved tnat the Stamp
Duties' Bill he re-committed pro Anna. He had some amend-
ments to propose, which he wished to be printed before the bill
was further considered.

Mr. Cl MEN said he was glad to hear that there were to
be some amendments ; be hoped they would diminish the ob-
jections to the bill.
Mr. MONCK spoke of the hardship, on account of alledged
doubt, of increasing the progressive duty on deed stamps from
I/. to It. ss. Why not h t the public have the benefit of the
doubts? Why increase the duty?
Mr. 110111101:8E enquired whether the case of the benefit
Societies had been considered They were in much conster-
nation, as this bill esposed those societies to the stamp duties.
Mr. LUSIIINGTON was understood to state that the clause
respecting the 1/. ss. duty was to be omitted. As to the benefit
societies, they were not to be placed in a worse situatiou than
the/ were in before.
Mr. CA IX RA FT said, if such a bill were to be pressed now,
instead of being brought forward at the hecinning of a session,
it would become the House to watch the bill most narrowly.

Bill re-committed—Amendments propowd and a',reed to—
Rill ordered to be re-printed—Report ordered to be re-con-
sidered this dui sennight.

AL JUSTICE.—Mr. MOBMOI7SE presented a petition
nn aocount of an individual hauled Sydney tittuitho bad been
cast for death for the robbery of Mr. Middleton, of the Strand
---a robbery which it was 4ftel wards fantod be Intl IleVer CORI
milted. lie was mainly found entity in the eviuhquee of tune
Coltman, au ullieei's follower, whu had 6iven uolctuce in II

different eases in the course of one Old Bailey sessions.—
After representations, the sentence was changed ;--bnt how?
hy, he was transported for life. Since that period four per-
sons had given evidence favourable to Smith, ant*, the actual
rubbers had since been convicted. . _

Mr. Secretary PEEL said that his predecessor and he had
attentively examined all the evidence of the rase, and that all
had been done that could he done.

Mr. G. BENNET implored the right hon. gentleman to re-
view the case. It was capable of proof that individuate swore
at the Old Bailey for one another ; that previously to the abo-
lition of the rewards there was regularly an officer's name on
the back of the bill, who swore to the confession of guilt ; that
since such abolition the officers had not so appeared ; mod that
there still were individuals who made it a commercial specu-
lation, for the sake of the county reward, to swea► away,thet
lives and liberties of those who could be charged with criminal
offences. _ _

Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that the sentence had been car-
ried into effect, because it was considered that the individual
was guilty as an accessary.—He objected to the establishing
a precedent which would warrant his being called on to re-in.
vestigate every case that had been settled at the Old Bailey.
Mr. HUBHOUSE observed, that be would remind that
right hon. gentleman of certain facts had he not a prima facie
objection to investigate these cases.
The Petition was read. It was from the two brothers of the
prisoner, praying the House to enquire into the case.
Mr. Secretary PEEL, in answer to a question put by Mr.
W. Smith, said, he had received information that the Act for
regulating the hours of employment of Children in Manufac-
tories had been grossly abused. It was now late in the Ses-
sion, otherwise be should move for a Committee on the subject ;
he shuald call the attention of the House to the subject next
Session.—( Hear.)
Mr. W. SMITH moved for a Copy of the Regulation of the
Court of Exchequer respecting Extents in Aid. Ordered.
Mr. WODEHOUSE said, by the late Act, the Malster's li-
cence, costing 41. 2s. covered all expences regarding their
several building ; now they were required to have a iicence for
every building. That was a great hardship, if such • regula •
tiod were to be enforced.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said the case
should Le investigated.
PUBLIC PRESS, SCOTLAND.—Mr. ABERCROMBY rose to
bring forward his motion respecting the Public Press of Scot-
land. When n great pablic wrong had been committed. the
people of Scotland had a right to expect redress. He charged
the Lord Advocate, and those connected with him, with having
abused their high situations, in having lent themselves to the
public press of Scotland in a most unjustifiable manner. They
had entered into a system to attack, through the public press,
the characters, moral feelings, and professional reputations of
their opponents. If he succeeded in establishing those facts—if
be showed that they had so violated their duties, he thought no
censure could be severe enough. (Hear.) He had delayer. Isis
motion, expecting that the trial of Murray Borthwick, the
printer, would have been brought forward. The House
knew that individual ; they knew the sufferings be bad endured
(Hear) ; but of sin trial had they beard—none had taken place.
He should first mention the extraordinary powers enjoyed by
the Lord Advocate of Scotland ; and then he ihould advert to
the sufferings and severities to which Murray Borthwick had
been exposed. (Hear, hear, hear.) In the person of the
Lord Advocate were combined the powers of the long-expired
Privy Conucil. He possessed unknown and undefined powers
—powers tbat were of a most dangerous tendency in • free
State. If all those powers of the Privy Council were enforced
there was no outrage that might not be committed—but he
would leave disputed ground. The Lord Advocate was. it
might be considered, the sole prosecutor ; and he had the
power to bring to trial without the intervention o grand
Jury. lie cou,d keep the prisoner iu castor:l! 7,i0 days, with-
out being compelled to bring the part!, ti) trial ; the individual
must then be discharged or brou.'..st to trial, at the option of
the Lord Advocate. The rivate individual prosecuted under
the greatest dise''.-.'antage, so that a few took place. The
Learned Lord had all the authority, appointing Advocates-De-
pute, lam The object of his motion was to call the attention
of the House to the Lord Advocate, the Solicitor-General, the
Advocates Depute, C.c. With such powers, they had a right
to expect that the Learned Lord and his Colleagues should not
mingle themselves with what woe likely to conic before tbena
in their judicial capacity. He did not charge the Learned
Lord with offences of omission, but of commiesion. Ile bad
lent the unction of his office, and lie had given his money to
promote by means of the public press a system of private libel
and calumny. That was the subject of his charge on the pre-
sent occesinu. He theu entered iuto the details of the facts,
and the history of the GlaTow Senlittel, which had grown out
of the Clydesdale Jourtial. A paper was thus started, said to
be to defeat those works that were calculated to 'resettle men's
' minds; and its reconstacndation amongst others was signed by
the Learned Lord in Novessitser, Is2o. Previously to that
period, libels bad been published in such papers, accusing in-
dividuals of the most traitorous motives : and was that • paper
which the learned lord ought to countenance by his sigiodes.
(Ilear, hear!)—He hail read several of the libels that load
appeared before such, period. The system was persevered M.
The results were risible in fits calamities that had befallen Mr.
Stuart, and the death of Sir A. Besswell.—llaving fully de-
tailed the particulars of the Lord Advocate's support of the
Press, cud strongly commented on the consequences of such
a system, which in two instances had cost excellent indisis
deals their lives, he said the conduct of the Lord Advocate, in
the first instance, called fur inquiry. He concluded with mov-
ing fur a committee.
The LORD ADVOCATE lamented that so much delay had
taken place. If the case which bad been represented could be
made out, lie was unworthy of his situation ; therefore delay
should have been 'voided. The hnn. and learned gentleman
then proceeded at considerable length to defend the powers
possessed by the Lon' Advocate, and the manner hi which he
had exercised those powers. If the individual named in the
notice had been injured, Ise had his redress in the Superior
Courts. As to the publications in question, he was bound to
say, that Isis Majesty's Government was wholly ignorant of the
past lie had taken. It' censure was due, he oast:, had to answer.
if Ise deserved censure, the Commons of England would deal it
nut to him ; and abould they thereby remove him from the
office which he now held, many men in Scotland *only' be
foetid more able than he was to perform the ditties, though oo
one, he would say, would perform them more conscientiously.
Let the decision of the House Ise what it %souls:, he should
how to it with unfeigned respect. The learned lord having
concludes', bowed to the House, and retired.
Mr. PEEL, defended the conduct of the learned Lord Art vo-

rate, and culled no the House to divest their minds 411 prejo-
thee. and deride only on the nielits of the ease before them.
lle denied thst the learned bon] had lent his money, la-
!cub, or his iullneiirv, eirc.dole 'oil ate ealuniny awl libel
( Fut r.utimtaGuil gee pip 211 ti.)

_.._Or.

~:

CO4

M.4BfidlettE 11 GREEKS A T CONSTANTI-
NOPLE AND SCR):
The following affecting appeal from the Greeks at
Constantinople to their brethren and countrymen
here, wai received by the last mail from Turkey.
o Constantinople, May V, 1622.
" Dear and beloved Brethren and Countryinen.—We doubt
not that the news contained herein must have already reached
you, Bud Pullen like a thunder-bolt on your hearts. W hat more
dreadful than the knowledge that our illustrious and innocent
countrymen—ten of Otto in prison her:, ai..l those in the castle
of Seio, 94 is all —uni rereally esteemed and respected, chosen
red held as hostages for inure than a year past, have at hist,
without a single motive, without eveu the shadow of n personal
accusation against them, been barbarously executed? We al
first deeply lamented the uumerited restraint put upoii the per-
IMO* of those now no more ; their death, ignominious and cruel,
in the that burst of grief nearly paralysed our faculties ; but
theta we look upon now as enjoying eternal and immutable
felicity ; our pity is no longer their due, but it (tows for those
unfictitirstes who have survived, and who henceforth are doomed
to ty rauny uitexampled in histoty, and twit atione of every kind.
'ho cue, without shuddering, read of the total ruin, the uni-
versal desolation of oar famed and once !nippy isle (Seim) ; the
tiest tiztion of all its inhabit:l its, nearly one hundred thousand.
who, except a very few who almost miraculously escaped froiu
those ill-fated shores, have fallen victim* to the *word, to lire,
to hunger, and slavery—the :twist of all et ils ho can,
without feelings of indignation, without execrating the perpe-
tiators of these horrid acts, behold a whole city lately so
ilsaurishing, DOW one heap of ruins; whole villages, innumera-
ble country seats, a prey to the flames, our celebrated school,
!direly, bospitel for the sick, hundreds of chUrches richly
mierned—all, all one confused MASS of 6nuoaking ruhhisli!—
Our island lately so much frequented by Eoropenne, and more
especially by English families of the filet rank, will now have
oily her ashes to show the passing strauger. For is this so
dreadful its kself, the most dire of our calamities. The slivery
of so many respectable women, young people, and childien of
Belli sexes, sent Off to dilleretit parts or Asia—the markets of
this city and Smyrna tilled with women and young people of the
brat rank, and who bate received the best education! What
man he more dreadful thou this! happy, thrice happy those
wheel the steel of the assassin has stanched from scenes so
lurrowing to the ketings ; how miseitilde those still suffered
to exist, who see the sufferings, bear the cries, and piteous
accents of their wives, children, and relatives, and are wit
neeses to the barbarous treatment this devoted and innocent
people receive from the wretches who have them is their power.
list can tie Lid to our charge ? We poor Sciots, who, front
the beginning, have remained faithful, are rewarded with death
and slavery. It is well known, as soon as the Porte heard of
the insurrection in the Mores, and sundry islands of the Archi-
pelago, it sent here a Paella having with him about a three
tbousaail troops ; the whole of the expenses of this garrison
was ilefrayekby our island, which,, in the course of about It
months, more than 2,700,000 piasters, each according to
his means. Besides that, the Sultan ordered a choice to be
made of silty of the most considerable and respectable from
afar countrymen, beginning by our Archbishop Plato, the elder,
and other pi ineipal in/Woe:As. When the news of the inva
Mon of the imprudent Sawiotes &rat spread in Scio, the pritsci-
pal inhabitants seabed on the Paella to apprise him of it. What
was his answer !—to send hit° the castle, as hostages, some
snore of these innocent men, and to transport all the provisions
oat of tit city into the citadel, not leaving any whatever fn.'
the poor inhabitants 'of the city, who were so numerous. A
month afterwards, when the Samiotes landed, the Paella sent
T:,,„„; of the Mist .ges, with several Turks, to prevail on the SA-
,riot,, tot.....actiate the island ; but they imprudently resulted
to advance, Rot) these ministers of peace that they would
sootier put them to deal.] !ban do so. The Pasha then shut
biniself up in the castle with ati the military, taking with him
all the kismet. It was understood rie.l a great number of the
peasantry had joined die Sr:Motes ; they were la a manner
forced to it, being apprehensive of the Samiotea
and they were only armed with slicks and staves. Elevendays
after, the Turkish fleet arrived at the island, anti landed 1,300
soldiers, who joined by the 3,0011 in the castle, being unable to
7. tack and defeat the 3,000 Samiotes, used their weapons
against the iinocent and disarmed inhabitants, and turned their
fury against women std children, killing, burning, and taking
in slits en, all the inhabibutts of the place; their:ell they cruelly
slaughtered, the women and children they brutally treated and
huddled together in one of the large minares, which contained
several bemired of flee most respectable fainilies ; they have
net left a stone upon a stone—all destroyed, all reified ! It
would till volumes to record the different scenes of horror that
the ruffians were guilty of—humanity shudders at it. But this
miasmal desolation had not
yet satisfied the blood-thirsty fol-
lowers of 31aliammed ; they bail heaped upon their treinblitig
and tender victims all the bitterness of theit fanaticism-03
hien, the first of their nation, both as to chat:inter and property
—men who had always followed the paths of rectitude in their
e•aniterniftl dealings—whose relations were established in
aluinst et ery known commercial city in the known woehl-
- 1/101 illlloerllt of any nischinations against the Turkish govern-
ment, and who could not, if even they would, have been par-
ti itiators in the rising of the island, since they had been 14
months under the grasp of the Turkish satrap. Ten of these
were at Constantioople, the remainder at Scio. Lord Sttatig-
lord made strenuous efforts to save then—neglected no re-
trionstrances---es inced the greatest ardour in the cause of suf-
fering innocence, and thought lie had nanceeded its sheltering
them front their impending fate, having obtained a promise from
the Porte that no harm should be done them, alien it suddenly
gate orders for their execution. The ten in Constantinople
were beheaded, and the 65 in Selo were hung outside of the
tattle, in that very square where so many of the slaves were
placed, in sight of the Turkialt fleet, who had their decks
cot eted with Greek slaves. OL ' how the heart sickens at
such refinement of cruelty, and turns with horror from the
malice that could take delight in deriding the mental agony of
the innocent sufferers in this tragical scene! NN Sat a number
of wises were foteed to be spectators of the cruel death of
the landmark of their affections—to see at the same time their
suckling babes, torn from their hremsts, thus at once bereft of
their support and their hopea! Many driven to despair by this
barbarous usage threw theniselves toorthe sea, others stabbed
themselves to prevent the loss of honour, in them worse than
death, to which they were every moment exposed from the
barbarians : but, alas ; let us draw a veil upon thole who hate
tha• sunk untimely into the grave ; let us not harrow up your
Wads with the recital of their atrocities; their sufferings are
over, mid their felicity, let us hope begun ! It is now time to
tuna your sympathy towards the uirfurtunate survivors of the
f!elierml wreck—to call, dear countrymen, your attention to the
miserable naked state of thonsands of our Sciots, with which
the aim-Leta here, at Smyrna, and Scio, are glutted. You,
14: vtlmt., friend* and couatuuten, are in the capital of England,

;•.-..J1t..M-
