_ .
. •
„.
• .
..9.31'?•T =:".I4M
E NAT lONA
o ur Ming, ConOti
6 NO. 22, MONDAY, 11
POLITICAL DISQUISITION.
tr
NUMBER TWENTY-TWO.
ON THE CATHOLIC PETITION, AND ITS
RECEPTION.
The interesting and important claims of the Catholics,
have once again been brought before a British Parliament,
and by a British Parliament again rejected. As the reite-
ration of defeat, and the recurrence of circumstances that
render even future conquest hopeless, must necessarily
lead to the abandonment of the desired object, it seems
probable that the question of Catholic Emancipation will
not be again brought forward during the reign of his pre-
sent Majesty : and therefore we are desirous of recording,
in a work that professes itself to be a .National Register,
those sentiments which it has always been the pride of our
hearts to entertain, and which it will always be the endea-
vour of our humble powers to promote. If ever there
vvas a question of great, and we may almost say, universal
interest, it certainly is the question of Catholic Emancipa-
tion. The country divides itself into parties about a hun-
dred petty taxes, that if they were never heard of, would
never be felt, and agitates itself about the conduct of
Generals abroad, who are increasing or diminishing the
national influence without effecting one atom of good or
evil to the generality of the individuals that discuss that
conduct : but this is a matter that comes home to the bu-
siness, and to the bosoms of men : it addresses itself to
their domestic feelings : it involves the rights of promo-
tion, emolument, honour, character, freedom : it involves
every thing which is dear to all British subjects by nature,
and which is secured to some of them by law : it involves the
claims of four millions of men directly, and it involves the
interests of all England indirectly. Those who feel for
their own exclusion are concerned : and they 100 arc con-
cerned, who feel that the general security depends in great
measure on the protection of every part, who fed that
human nature is alike human nature on this or on the
other side of the. Irish channel, who acknowledge the birth-
right of British subjects, and arc willing to extend to their
brothers the privileges of their countrymen. Yet further,
it concerns those who, from a mistaken policy, an infuriated
bigotry, or a despicable servility, have been induced to
►levy the sacred claims of their fellow subjects s who have
assisted to perpetuate slavery in a land of freedom, to en-
, courage discontent at home while hostility surrounds us
abroad, to dictate to reason the course of religion, anti to
degrade the honour, faith, and lately spotless purity of
the British name. It is impossible for us to comprehend
:►ll that we would say in a single disquisition : but we hard-
ly think it necessary to apologize to our Readers for occu-
pying them more than once upon the theory of a question,
hick is but too likely to occupy them fur a very long time
in practice.
•V(..1.t'11.--r-,,
•.,
•
