lIFF4IRS OF GREECE.

(EXTRACT 07 A PRIVATE LETTER.)
VIIACHORT (ETOLIA), Au°. 24.—1 n spite of the
' superiority in number of our enemies, and the per-
secution of those who ought to assist us, our cause
triumphs, and the bravery and good will of our own
troops have been sufficient for every thing Three
victories which they have successively gained have
destroyed the general plan of attack contemplated by
the Tut ks, and ruined their atmy.
This plan, traced by a masterly hand, was com-
municated to the Turks by some officious friends,
whom it is not difficult to discover. The Seraskier
of Romelia, who was to attack Greece at the head of
a large army on three different poiiits, while the
• fleet favoured the operations on shore, to strike ter-
mr by a strong and general blow, and by several
simultaneous and well combhled attacks, to otter an
amnesty in the first moment of confusion, and to
stifle the insurrection in a short time by u deceitful
policy, seconded by fo.ce of arms, was the aim pro-
posed.
These Greets, to whom these details were known,
took their measures in consequence. Vrachory, the
capital of Etolia, principally attracted their atten-
tion. This town is situated near the site of Ther-
meis, the ancient capital of this province, and the
Etolians always concentrated their forces there in
case of invasion, to repair their losses, observe the
movements of the enemy, and to check on a sudden
Lis excursions. The Roman bridge of 366 arches,
placed in the middle of the lakes to the west and
south of Vrachoti, was put in a state of defence, as
well Si the citadel of Angelocastroo. A sufficient
corps of Guerillas was immediately sent to the imics•
cesaible barriers of Mount Panaetolicor, while the
greater part of the army was directed towards the
passage of Strains, between Machalas and Leperus.
After this disposition of the forces which rendered
Etolia impregnable, Maurocordato transmitted die
necessary instructions to Gen. Nicetas, who com-
mended at the Thermopylies, and he repaired to
Stratoa.
The Acarnanians, on their part, firmly resolved to
vanquish or perish, burnt several of their towns and
villages of easy access, in order to leave no place of
sefilge to the enemy, and repaired themselves to Ma-
crynoros to defend their frontiers.
On the 10th of July, Chourschid Pacha, conform-
ably to the plan, divided his forces at Larissa in
two unequal corps. One corps, about 10,000 men,
was commanded by Hassan l'acha. This bold com-
mander had promised, con pain of losing his head,
to make a passage for himself across the mountains
of Agraphu, to penetrate into Acarnania, and pro.
mote the entry of the Paella of Arta. This second
commander was to force the pass of Macrynoros, join
• Hassan Paella, and then to penetrate with him into
Etolia, to conquer it.
Choursellid l'acha, at the head of the larger part
of his army, arrived on the 16th July at Zeitouni.
On the 20th, he attacked the Thermopyles; the
battle took place at the pass of Phontana. The Ge-
neral of the Turks, fertile in stratagems, took no
part in the contest, which he observed from a dis-
tance. His army was attacked in front and on the
right flank, and broke in more than one place. The
most terrible carnage preceded the rout of the
Turks. Odysseus and Cantogannac particularly
distinguished themselves on this day; the first re-
paired with a thousand acts of bravery the wrongs
which he had Deen driven to commit by his too vio-
lent temper.
Chourachid Pacha, after his defeat, was pursued
to the opposite extremity of Trachis, where a great
.namber of his soldiers also perished. Night put an
end to the pursuit.
At the same time Hassan Pacha had penetrated
to Agrapha the two Greek chiefs, Alexis and Hu-
mare, who occupied this country, had perceived the
Tiffin(' confidence of this rash enemy ; in order to
entangle Lim the better, they retreated as far as the
bridge of Caramel, vulgarly called Tutaraina. This
bridge, the work of the lia.nans, is the only one to
keep the communication between Thessaly,
and Ammonia. Marcus Bozaris setting out front
the latter country, arrived at the same point one day
before Hassan Paella. •
• At the sight of the bridge of Cameos a sentiment
ofliorror prevailed in the mind of this &Albin Ge-
neral; it was before this bridge that his father,
Christos Bozaris, reposing on the faith of treaties,
was attacked at his passing over with his family, by
13,000 Mahotnedans. Atter the most heroic resist-
ance, SOO Souliots perished, and 100 women, prem.
ing their infants to their bosoms, threw themselves
from the rocks into the waters of the Acheloos, to
escape slavery.
Marcos, deeply penetrated by this sorrowful re-
collectien,exposed to his troops, in a pathetic recital,
all the horror of the horror at the crime, and excited
his companions in arms to take a brilliant and lawful
vengeance. " The manes," s Aid he, "of the 300
brave men who perished here, the spirits of the wo-
men are still wandering on these rocks-s-an expiatory

• THE

,TIONAL REGISTER

sacrifice of these barbarians may appease them. Sol-
diers, we owe this to those martyrs of liberty, and
we will offer it to-morrow !" The troops replied by
a general cry of enthusiasm. Measures were then
taken not to allow any opening of the enemy. •
On the next day, at the arrival of Hassan
the noise of the first tiring was heard ; the troops
lying in ambush, run front all plata,_ after several
rounds, they attacked the Turks sword in hand.
The enemy sought a place to retreat in vain. With
the exception of about 500 men, the corps of
perished before the bridge. A small uuanber surren-
dered at discretion.

Such was the end of this great Ottoman army.
(This is the name by which it is desiguated by the
Turks.) The avant Garde only of this army passed
on the 4th of July into Livadia, when Chourschid
was at Larissa. It had arrived at Zeitouni in the
month of June, and had roiited by a moment of
confusion occasioned by some private quarrels of
Odysseus, to penetrate by a round-about way, but
entered into Peloixmesus; it was also there de.
stroyed, and thus accomplished the destruction of the
army of Chourschid Pael►a, arrived on the three
points of Thermopylae, Coruens, and Carinthia. Of
ail his army, amounting to 45 or 50,000 mai, the
Scraskier has only saved 6,000, who have retreated
with him to Larissa.

The Pacha of Arta, deceived in his expectations of
assistance from Hassan, resolved to attack A carnania
by sea. On the 9th of August he effected a landing
in the Gulf of Ambracie by Loutruki. He was re-
pulsed the sante day with considerable loss, and a
great number of his soldiers were drowned in re-
embarking for Arta.
A division of the Turkish fleet at the same time
disetnhatked another corps near the port of Camilla,
opposite the island of St. Maure. This corps was to
unite with the Pacha of Arta, and advanced us far
as the valley of Warnaco. It was there attacked by
John Varnakoate, who defeated it entirely, and pun.
sued it to the port, where it re-embarked, after
losing a third of its number.
Civil war is kindled in Albania. Omer Pacha
wishes to establish his nephew at Beret, as Pacha of
Middle Albania. A great majority of the inhabi-
tants, who hate hint, have asked for the son of
ibraltara Pacha. The two parties have already come
to blows.

THE ARMY OF THE FAITH.
-.....

In the 06servalenr Espagnol (a paper published
at Madrid) of the 24th ult., we find the following,
sstid to be the secret instructions given by Eguia to
General Quentin, on his taking the command of
the Army of the Faith. According to this journal
they were found among the papers of Quesada,
when surprised and defeated at Rulea :

ART. 1. Ibe principal object of the army placed under your
command is to separate Navarre from its obedience to the
Curies:, you wi I first overrun with your troops those communes
likely by their wealth to influence the rest, and reduce them
to subjection to the King according to the ancient system.
2. All individuals whom you find entertaining opinions con-
trary to those which become a good Spaniard and a friend to his
country, you will cause to be conducted under an escort to the
Junta.
3. Yon will endeavour, by every possible means, to augment
the army under your command, whether by the young men of
the province or o, the soldiers who may desert.
4. Deserters shall be incorporated in the different corps and
companies, in order to prevent their re-uilion and the evils
that would result should they prove not to have deserted with
good faith.
5. You will not intrust to any deserving serjeant or corporal
the command of a detachment or post of trust, and you will be
careful that this duty is only undertaken by troops whose fide-
lity is undoubted:
6. lon Knit wot give+ quarter to any prisoner taken on the field
of battle, even though the enemy should trent theirs with the
yreatemt
.ibrbearance passible.
7. lf any chief or officer, whose conduct has not been no
toriously inimical to the King and his country, shall offer to
enlist under the banners of the Royal Army of the Faith, you
will-reler them to the Junta, who will act in regard to them alter
my instructions.
Articles 8,9, 10, 11, 12, and 13, (soya the Obserrateur
Espaynol) ^ relates to the conduct and military tactics pre-
serined to ibis new ))on Quixotic."
14. You will appoint SO horsemen, and as many infantry,
from ainon:c your most trustworthy followers, to form a guard
to the Junta, who will give you, on applying to them, all the
succour of which you may stand in need—but you will pay
obedience to me alone in relation to all those operations which
1 may confide to your zeal and activity.
15. You will never lose sight of the necessity of being
always firm, but at the imam time affable and politic, in com-
manding, in order that you may obtain by mild demeanour that
which can never be the result of force alone.

10. Your will adopt all the rules of discipline established by
the Royal Ordinances, endeavouring to render them compatible
with the ignorance of the new recruits, and with the classes of
gucrilas and partisans whom yo■ will mover receive on the foot-
ing of regular troops.
17. If, conformably to my instructions, the Junta shall de-
mand succour from you, you will comply wiea their request.
18. You will render to me a detailed account of your pro-
ceedings.
19. As soon as circumstances permit, you will establish a
communication with the Generals commanding hi the adjoining
rot ince,
20. By means of your perinea you will circulate in the
kingdom of Arent)* and iothe Biscayan provinces, the greatest
number of proclamations possible.
21. You will report to me entry 15 days the state of the
linen under your cosurnawl.

22. You will make known to Ma chiefs of par:isans, that
the only condiliou on which they can preserve their tioininauds
is that of keeping up their numbers by recruiting.
23: The funds pieced at your disposal by the Junto) will ha
administered by a commissary, and you will forward regularly
to me the accounts with which be may furnish you.
24. As soon as you DWI have assumed the command of the
army, you will address a proclamation to the troops, in which
you with mke diem feel the justice of the cause we defend,
Lid exhort them to discipline rod valour.
&some, June 7. (Signed) ECUTA.

Tilt REV EN UE.
Abstract of the Net Praluce of the Revenue of Great
Britain (exclusive of the Arrears of War Duty on
Malt and Properts), in the Years and Quartets
ended the 10th October, 1821, and 10,11 October.
182:1; showing the Increase and Decrease int
each head thereof:

Oclnkr,
Ib^

Decrease on

the Year ...I

Years ended 10.11 Oc.nkr,
1821. I 1822. j Increase. Decreue.
Customs X8,763.865 9.4710.70,0 7:4,964
Excise 26,471.363 23.1146 3221 I 625,041.
Stamps 6.146,98.; 6,254 603 107'707i
rebt.oltice
Assess TaXCd 6,297.777 5.971,129 326.64$
Land Taxes. 1,2 i 7,8 1,263.959 46,1 e.;
iscellaneo. 207.254 3/0.108 72.141.'
£5u,528,801.1:50,519.974 0 .042,858 951,614
Deduct Increase
