TIMBER TRADE.

Copy of a Treasury Letter, relating to the im-
portation of wood from British American colonies
Treat:try Chambers, Sept. 13, 1821.
GENTLEMEN.-it having been represented to the Lords
Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, that the Officers of
the Customs in the Btitian North American colonies have de-
dined grunting certificates, as required by section and iI of the
Act of the Ist and 2d Gco. IV., chap. 37, on the ground of
their not having received any instructions on this subject, I have
it in command front their Lordships to desire that the necesaary
directions on this subject may be turthwith transmitted to the
said officers by you; and as it appears that in consequence of the
refusal of the officers of your department to grant certificates,
several vessels have lately arrived in this country from the ISt itish
North Am rican Colonies without these documents, and that
they have, in consequence thereof, nut been admitted to entry,
I have further to desire you will direct your offic • a to dispense
with the production of such certificates, in all utses of vessels
arriving from such colonies previous to the Ist day of December
next. (Siwicd) ARBUTIINOT.
To the Commissioners of Customs.
Note.—The certificate required by the above mentioned act
was, that the wood or timber imported was really and buns fide
the growth or production of some (specified) British colony or
plantation in Anivrica.

CHESHIRE WHIG CLUB.
...-.

[Abridged from the Cheater Guardian.)
The first general meeting of this Club was held at the
Royal Hotel, in Chester, on Tuesday last ; and most
hotly can Wtt say, that one more respectable Mr rank and
talents we never witnessed. Ninety-five gentlemen sat
down to an excellent dinner a little before six o'clock,
with that vetierable nobleman Lord Crewe, in the chair,
and G. Wilbraham, Esq. Vice President.
The cloth tieing removed, " Nan nobs Domine" was
Sllll2, and the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drank.
The Chairman next gave—
" The immortal memory of Charles James Fox."—
[rile manner in which this toast was received showed
Mal the meeting fully appreciated the talents and politi-
cal principles of this great man.]
Lord Crewe then rose and said, that he had to pro-
pose the health of his noble friend on his right hand,
and he had not the least doubt hut that when it was an-
nounced it would be received with that enthusiasm it so
greatly deserved—he meant " The health of Earl Gros-
venor."
Olt the announcement of Lord Grosvenor's name, the
applause from all parts of the room exceeded all that
pr retied it, and continued for several minutes.
Earl Grosvenor then rose—lie returned them most
sincere thanks for the high honour they had just con-
ferred on him by drinking Ins health, especially when
done iii suelt a flattering manner. They were met to
celebrate and to keep alive in their minds the general
feelioes of the Constitution as established by their ati•
cesturs in the year 1688 ; and when he mentioned that
glorious struggle between liberty and slavery, between
passive obedience and the ass; rtion of our rights as
became British freemen. The great object which they
ultimatly aimed at, Will that most ininortatit of all oh-
jecttsa reform in the Commons House of Parliament.
This took the place of every thing else, and it was his
most fervent wish it Mould soon be rerlized.—(Great ap-
plavrse.
Mr. NVilbrahatn rose, and said he should take the li-
berty of proposing to the gentlemen, as a toast, the health
of the worthy President.—(Applause.) On every occa-
sion, front his earliest infancy, he had been taught to
look to the example of Lord Cr. we as a model for imi-
tation. Ile could regard his Lordship in no other light
than as an honest man, and an accomplished gentleman.
Lord Crewe returned his most sincere thanks for the
honour they had done him in drinking his health. On
the occasion of the American war, lie was in a minority
of one against that unnatural war; but he soon aft( r-
wards had the pleasure of seeing himself in a majority
of fifteen by which that abominable war Was SlOpp' d.
ile could only say this, that whatever might be the bur-
dens which the people of England had to bear, he could
lay his head upon his pillow and say, he had not contri-
buted to the lightest portion of them.—(Applause.)
The Chairman then proposed the health of a friend of
the people—he meant %I r. Flume. His Lordship trusted
that the people of England would not disgrace them-
selves by sending to Parliament such members as voted
upon the question of the repeal of the malt tax. He
could only say, that lie thought if the people of England
were only to be represented by such men, representation
was but a humbug; for when at the first reading of the
bill there appeared a majority for the repeal in the Utilise,
a noble Lord said to a friend of Isis, Mr. Western—
" 1)o not hallo till your out of the wood;" and to make
;veld his prognostic-, the said nubile Lord mustered his
forces, and actually defeated the measure, notch as it %Val
calculated to benefit the country, and particularly the
agricultural interest. But as if the noble Lord was con-
scious of the evil, he introduced the repeal upon hits.
Landry horses, which did not upon average amount to
one per cent. throughout Englati
flue Chairman then gate " Sir 'hairy Iluabury and
the Whigs of Sulliilk."
Sir 11, liiiiiluary then returned thanks. He always
took a pleasure in visiting Cheshire, Irony tile grateful
recollections with which it was associated in his mind,
Iris ancestors having lived there for six or seven centuries.
—That pleasure was greatly enhanced by seeing so
numerous and respectable a meeting as that IIOW a,Selll•
bled. He could only say, that it always was and always
would be his highest political ambition to assert to tlhe
utmost of his power the priarciples ttiey were now met
to celebrate.—(A pula use.)
" Mn Philips, Lord Nlolyneux, sir. Birch, and the
W higs of Lancashire."
Mr. P.tilips teturned thanks on behalf of the \l'higs of
Lancashire.
Lord Crewe then gave—" Lord Anson, Mr. Tollet,
and the Whigs of Staffordshire."
Lord Anson returned thanks for the honour d
done hint by drinking his health, and coupling it with
the Whigs of Staffordshire, though he could not (later
himself that he deserved at. It gave him great satisfac-
tion to see so mime r important, and respectable
meeting as the present. It was a glorious day for the
county of Chester—it was. au example for all England,
and he trusted it would not stop till Whig clubs were
established all over England. (Applause.) His Lordship
concluded by giving—" All the Whigs of
The Chairman then gave—" Colutiel Hughes, Mr.
Aladilock, awl Mr. Witham', and all our inderetidetit
brethren in %I'ales."
[A letter from Col. Hughes was here read, expressing
his regret at being unable to attend the weedua.l
Lieut. Cul. linglieti ill returning thanks said, he ad-
mired the plats of the club; lie was a itierld lo its prin.
eiples and those of Wiliggism„ which wine ill direct
opposition and natural enemies of the 'rot v doctrine of
piasive obedience and hum-resistance. lie had heard
rune people s iy—W hat had he to do as a sonlier with
ally thing like the diacussion of political to; lest he had
only to obey the cusnurawls of his officer. Bat lie would
retort upon these good-natured people soil sae, that hew
ever tntleit use felt the necessity of passive obedience, iii
its fullest extent, whilst Inifillina his duties as a soldier,
notch the 'more did he feel tau proporilou die neces-
sity in his civil capacity to abhor and elm it those sluc-

THE NATIONAL REGISTER

trines which went to pervert their rights. It had been
said that a soldier had uo rights, but if so, why was he
tried by his peers and a British jury before he could be
condemned to death ?—(Applanwo
" May the Coalitions lithe ui Parliament be the real
rept esentatit es of the People id 1.:.,11.1101." (A p1at,,,.)
•`
The memory of Lord, Somets and Delaware, who
supported the Revolution of 1038." Song—" Liberty
The Chairman then begged to propose as a Inast—
" The health of Sir John Thomas Stanley, Bart., the
Chairman of the Quarter Sessions."
Sir J. T. Stanley returned thank:.
Mr. Wilbraham proposed thelti•alth of Mr. %Villiams,
who returned thanks in an eloquent and energetic speech
" Mr. Toilet, Mr. Sadworth, and success to the
11:011g11 3111.1 the Pail."
Mr. Toilet rose and commenced an eloquent and
excellent speech. He spoke of the vital importance of
agriculture to the comity at large, and of the reciprocal
advantages and dependence that subsisted between trade
and the products of the earth,—lamented the supineness
of the country gentleineo, to which were attributable
those burdens and that neglect which agriculture
labour under. He said 5'..! independent country gentle-
men in the House of Commons would have prevented
those grievous calamities which every where so much
abounded.

Alter Mr. Toilet sat down,
Mr. Sticks:nob briefly returned thanks to the company,
and particularly to his Lordship fur his kindness iu con-
necting his name with titatoir aent'emait se well known
in tile agricultural world. Sir. Sudworth then hogued
leave to give—" May the county of Chester he a rich
in honest principle as in vAlitahle Produce."
At about half-past ten o'clock, Lard Grosvenor, Lard
Anson, Sir John Stanley, Sir Henry Banbury, and some
other gentlemen retired from the company.
