SUNDAY, MAY 22. 1814.

No. 330.

,POLITICAL DISQUISITION.

FRANCE CAPABLE OF 4 FREE GOVERNMENT.

a Your bait of falsehood takes the carp of truth.''

Since our disquisition on the subject of the conduct to
be pursued towards France and by hersklf at the prespnt
momentous crisis, there has been « much ambiguous giv-
ing out" in the same quarter, more qualified, but still ini-
mical to the principles we then contended for. Our zeal
is ,of no ordinary character—our object not France only,
but the worldconfideut as we are, that if any thing
short of liberal opinions, and free cstblishments take
place, all that is valuable to the general community,
whether of art or scieti,ce, of political improvement br
moral regeneration, must retrograde to periods of coal,
parative barbarism, a.i;td acknowledges slavery.
The allied powers have Certainly shewn a deference to
public sentiment in France, that leaves the onus of mis-
conduct where it should rest, and if France be not true
to herself, if neglectful of the past, she shows an indiffer-
Race to tbe future, mankind will only have to regret the
fruitlessness of those examples that have degraded her
~national character, and which no sense of subsequent
shame can ever redeem. 01) the contrary, thoge. who
rare equally interested in the presersition of her rank as'a
gyration, and in her moral character as a people, must
neither attempt to compromise her claims, or prevaricate
in the performance of their .duties : if during the first tur
,xnults of her gratitude she h-ss neglected to fi/i her secul.
rifles, the preliminary bases of her future rights have been
.virtually acceded te, and the king is as much committed
upon the
.poijkts of representation and A. free press, as if he
.had sworn to maintain them in the face of the whole
The Icing's declining to accede to the whole of the
,bases, has ratiky onr,approbation than otherwise. The
law of representation is 'laid down top imperfectly (for
practice, and a government of equivalents fould be equally
Aiange,rous Ao the prepgative and ,the law. Alert indeed
all the danger hinges. 'jut discussion cannot fail to mo 7
dify the extrayagance, and „the gradual ,representation ,of
real p,roperty, to snpercede the anomalous
,character of
the representative. As the -law is now proposed .to ,sternA,
the bsriance is too much on the the goyerriment,
mil the government that has the ,power cannot fail to
(corrupt the creature who almost sr.holly ,dep.etids upon its
Odunty. The security of the representative ,character is
perhaps one of the, most admirable proyisiops An the
tchiirter of Erglicl liherty„ and such is the becomr
Jousy of tbe krit4h .C9.c44tetion, that ;new Jar,
Vol. VII. N.,. CCCXXX.

‘.
-.

- . • •• .•••
acted every session of Parliament, to promiite the freedom
of e!ection, -and secure theiqviolable characi.er of the re-
presentative. ILow can France hope to be frce, unlesp in
this respect she copy this country, and insist upon those
mutual guarantees that ;:t 01 restrain the .nntlne exercise
of power op the our, hand,. and the licentious claims of All
inconsiderate democracy on the other.
But we are told that there is a fashion- in all these
things, and that the difference of country makes thefriir.
ference of freedpm. We fear those who propagate Ais
doctrine are influenced by different motives than Those
they acknowledge, and are more gager to perpetuate thft
ancient jealousy of the two countries, than to promote
a cordial and wise union between than), or does it anis!:
from a radical objection to what is free? Do they t4le,a4
the moderate principles they were the wpst forward to rel.
commend so long as they furnished them the Itateft,4f7
ample of a 4isgusting contrast ?—.There seems to be sppr7
thing obnoxious in the French soil awl French men the
moment they succeed to the Government of krant.e.
France has been fluctuating for these twenty years in her
choice of Governments-r—her ancient system had I,cft uo
land marks-z-the most frightful chaos prevailed7-alternate
darkness obscured the day, and thicketed the gloom, of
night.—she had nothing to ',cad her on—ngtthing to go
back to—those who would degrade her now had in‘e.nted
her against Eingland,--with her 4941 before her cyes, it.
was the only thing she was taught to sics.pite--7infatuaqoil
took place of reason, and looking to the agrarian of
human happiness, the principles which fatally raged
waithiai her, first sappeccl and then destroyeit.all that vas
venerable in her customs, .or estimable in be manners.

These manners and these customs must, however, give
way to the new order of things that have sprung up in
the midst of the European.family. The new balance 'of
power, it is hoped, will define 'other objects besides the
limits ,of )singdops, and tie durabil4 of 'states. Ameli7
9ration must not be adopted as the watch-word of success.
It must be etierished .and promoted ,by those who bar-fe
been most instremental in britigkng_fab9ut the present re-
volution. kis rhtill Ivith rrance ito
.bett ethe e4intile. If
She h4s grred she is posy
,returnetil.baa to quiet titvs,aod
sober views, and ail tird.she ;regnires are ipstikiitions ;tp•
pliable to her
.change and per regeneration. The pe.w
constitution, h.oweyer :imperfect, ,h ,s clearilidehnod her
wishes and her. needs. rinse is not wautipg.inilt?•nees
of pxofound discussion id solid
,enquiry. 'll4 abtempt
to allurehe.r.hy.thg blaize of military parade mast fail with
a people already aNtiated,with conquests: All Trance
asks, la the 4erty of the. subject, 4114 what the ask

.t

r~

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

NEVI FRRICH. 1411.“3TRY,.

that she is entitled to. But, ai we h . before, these
things can alone be secured by a constitution that shall
adjust the respective duties of thf. governing and the -go-
verned, and give the law the influence that has hitherto
resided in the hands of the individual, or been dispersed
among those whom in the pursuit of their own aggrandize-
t; hiviiltogethei neglected the duty they owed their
country.
We know the character of the parties too well from
*whom the Courier receives its communications not to
feel some apprehensioni for the result, if these men are
allowectto direct or-interfere with public feeling in France.
Years of exile have neither reformed thetr.principles or
enlightened theii views.. They return back to France
to make her What she was rather than to take back im-
.
proyemements with them. The character of their prin-
ciples are still the same with respect to England and her
institutions, and the *nearer the two Governments ap-
proximate in the form of their constitutions, the more
batter and insulting will be the invectives bestowed upon
their native •conntry. Gratitude has no share in thee&
feetioni or iheie men, and the placid and paternal solici-
tude of the present King to provide for the wounds of the
past and the security of the future, the more their aims
Trill lie directed to disturb his government, and embarrass
his designs. Without firmness the King will be lost.
Much of the rubbishOf the revolution has been cleared
away, au4 a sound and manly discretion any soon re-
store the public edifiCe to new and singular beauty. The
gracefulness of Greelle may harmonize with the .strength
and majesty of kome, if the sillid'and simple foundations
of Saxon strength be applied to the support of the Corin-
tkian :column and the.polislied architrave.

.

The King, has appointed M. • D'Ambrav, Chsticellor of France
(M. de Barenten will retain the honours-at ?host offire).•
All the Members of the Provisional Council of State, as well as
The Chancellor and Mr. Bertrand:lo be'Minatitt aNtate.' •
the Priuce of Benevento, toite Minister and, Slecretary of
State fnr Foreign Affairs.
M. be Monreseption, Minister and Secretary of State
for the interior. General Count Datront, Minister • and Secret:try
of Sta.c for War. _ _ _

M. Baron Louis, Minister and Secretary of State for the Fl-
notices.
M. Baron Malonet, • Minister and. Secretary of State for the
•
Marine.
M. le Comte Bengriot, Director General of the Police. •
M. Ferrand, Director-General of the Poets.
M. Bcrenger, Director-General of Indirect Taxes.
The King has appointed the 'MaronisDe ll.Oelieman, Master of
the Ceremonies of France ' • anii Mr. Vrbtain de Warroniille,
sini Mr. Alexander de St. Felix. assistant Master of the Cere-
litianici.

PARTS, MAY 17.—Lonit, by the Grace of Gnd, King of France
and• Navarre, wishing to give the Princes of our Blood a mark of one
httacltent, and the armies a proof of our satisfaction, we have or-
delred, and do order as follow :
Onr wcll•beioved brother Monsieur, Count d'Artois, shall resume
the title of Colonel. General of the swim ." •
Onr Cousin the 'Prince of Conde shall resume the title of Colonel
!General of tbeltiftintry of the ;Age.

NAT!
maid ''aft she.mo
e'''iliecu'rity' of property,
.kit eh iie entitled to: But. at we have said before,
