THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

FEB. 4.

Spitaltields. silk mannfacturers.—J. Tuffen and J. Pugh, Bristol'
banker.—T. and .1. Barker, G. Smith, and J. Hick, Heckmond-
wicke, `cork, carput manufacturers.—C. Smith and W. Rickley,
Stouc. stattord, urocers.—H. and J. Attwood, Bristol,linen drapers.

DIV [LW\ DS.
Feb. 23. J. Cooper, of the King's Mills, Wrexham, Denbigh, mil-
ler, at the Pigeons Inn, WI exham.—Feb. 26, 'l'. Steele, Manches-
ter, cot spinner, at the Bridgwater Arms Inn, Manchester.—
Feb. J • CoWer, ainow, Chester, cotton spinner, at the Star
Manchester.—: R
Feb. 27, E. Carey, Plymouth, merchant, at the
George Inn, Liverpool.—Feb. 21, W. Dorrington, insu-
rance broker, at Guildhall.—Feb. vO, S. Holmes, t. Ann's, Lime-
house, soap foal:yr, at Guildhall.—Feb. 26, J. Hay, Stamford
merchant, at Guildhall.—Feb. 21, W. Higgins, Great St. Helens,
wine merchant, al Guildhall—Feb. 27, 3.llackwortb,Gednev-bike,
Lincoln' butcher, at the Peacock Inn, Boston.—Feb. '2 6 , T. San-
ford, E,e:er, ietualler, at the Star Inn, Exeter.—Feb. 20, D.
ONford street, stablekeeper, at Guildhall.--Feb- 27, P.
Harcott, Great Stamnore, butcher, at Guildhall.—March 1, J.
Schollick, Wooloaks, Cumberland, corn dealer.—Feb. v 7, J. Wal-
mough, Sir Thomas's buildings, Liverpool, ironmonger, at the
George Ton, Liverpool.—Feb. 29, F. Ridsdale, Leeds, and W. Ha-
milton, Finsbury place, Finsbury square, merchants, at Guildhall.

. .
CETriFICATPS to be granted on or before Feb. 2.1.
H. A. Shaw, Coatbrook, Cheshire, chceseloctor.—C.
Ryde, in the Isle of Wight, dealer.— A. Hodgson, Fenthurch-
street, merchant.— W. Butler, Present, Lancashire, nurseryman.
--H. Itobiiison, Little Saffron Holborn, stone nrunifitcturcr.—
G. Gray, Griteeeltureh-strem, hardwareman.— E. S'.4thens the
elder, and E. Stephens the younger, Oxford-street, gilders.—J. B.
Cole, Oxford-street, grocer.--G. Rushbury the elder, and 0. Rush-
bury the younger, Bilston, Staffor:l; binker.—T. Kirby, Newman-
street, Oxford-street, lintncr.—Mr. Bucked, Neithrop, Oxford, far-
tner.—W. 1). Taunton. Essex-street, Strand, money-scrivener.--C.
E. Jones, Mansfield Place, Kentish Town, tanner.—J. Feyster,
Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, grocer.—J. Hall, Lyndhurst, South-
ampton, victualler.—R. S. Shaw, Rochdale, Lancashire, woollen-
mauttfacturer.—J. Fatalism], Liverpool, merchant. —H. Lloyd,
George-street, Adelphi, broker.—T. Finch, Southampton, seeds-
man.—W. Lee, New Sarum, Wilts, dealer.—. Ring, kleet-street,
shell fislunonger.—J. Neate, Caine, Wilts, wool-st:tp:er.

TREA TIES.

CONVENTION BETWEEN GREAT BRITAIN St AUSTRIA.

Signed at Paris, August 2,1515.
In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided 'Trinity.
Napoleon Buonaparte being in the power of the Allied Sove-
reigns, their Majesties the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, the Emperor of Austria, the Emperor of Rus-
sia, and the King of Prussia, have agreed, in virtue of the stipu-
lations of the Treaty of the 2:ith of March, Inn, upon the mea-
sures most proper to render all enterprise impossible on his part,
against the repose of Europe.—[Thenfollow the manes of the Pleni-
yontentiaries].
ART. 1. Napoleon Buonaparte is considered by the Powers
who have signed the Treaty of 25th March last, as their prisoner.
11. His custody is especially entrusted to the British Govern-
ment. 'The choice of the place, and of the measures which can
best secure the object of the present stipulation, are reserved to
his Britannic Majesty.
111. The Imperial Courts of Austria and of 'Russia, and the
Royal Court of Prussia, are to appoint Commissioners to proceed
to, and abide at, the place to whi di the Government of his Bri-
tannic Majesty shall have assigned for the residence of Napoleon
Buonaparte, and who, without being responsible for his custody,
will assur,e themselves of his presence.
IV. H s Most Christian Majesty is to be invited, in the name of
the four above-mentioned Courts, to scud in like manner a French
Commissioner to the place of detention of Napoleon Pownaparte.
V. His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, binds himself to fulfil the engagonents which fall to
him by the present Convention.
VI. The present Convention shall be ratified, and the ratifi-
cations shall be exchanged, within fifteen (rays, or sooner V possi-
ble. In faith whereof, the respective Plenipotentiaries have
signed the present Convention, and have affixed thereto the seals
of their arms.
Done at Paris the 2d of August, in the year of our Lord 1815.
(Signed) (Signed)
(L.S.) CXSTLEREIGH. cL.S.) The Prince of ME'TTER-
(L.S.) WELLINGTON. NICH.
[Similar ?ntions ti' i lZte,,,ia and Prussia.]

A Supplementary Gazette was published on Tuesday night, con-
taining the Treaties and Convention concluded at Paris in Novem-
ber. It is a matter of duo form to print these in the London Ga-
zette; but we do not suppose, that the readers of our Paper would
willingly have other matter excluded for the sake of a repetition
of documents which have already been given from the foreign Jour-
nals several weeks since. We shall collate them with oar former
publications ; and, if any difference worth notice shall appear be-
tween tee two, we shall carefully print the amended document, or
part. The Papers are exceedingly voluminous, embracing almost
every topic connected with the interests of the different Powers is
Europe. Those which will probably excite the most immediate
attention at the present time, are the Treaties of Subsidy; by
which, in addition to the large sums paid to our principal Confede-
rates, we engaged to make different allowances to the inferior Po-
tentates, which would have amounted in all to 2,319,3961. up to the
Ist of April in this year, had the war so long continued ; but which,
ceasing at the signature of the Definitive Treaty, have actually
required only three-tburths of the sum. Besides, we have given
to the Emperor of Russia, over and above what he shared with
Austria and Prussia, an additional doucenr of 416,6661. on account
lof the large force which he moved into France.
Among the numerous diplomatic records in the present collec-
tion, those relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade will afford
the friends of humanity no small gratification. Certainly so much
has not been done as we must all have wished, and as we were
perhaps entitled to expect ; but it is most evident, that of what-
eve' has been done toward the entire abolition of this disgrace to
the present age, Great Britain was the prime mover. aad most zea-
lous advocate. It appears from the Convention with Portugal, that
we have not been sparing of pecuniary sacrifices for this object,
not less a sum than 300,0001. is paid as a compensation for Portu-
guese slave-ships detained by our eruizeis. However, we have the
satisfaction of knowing, that some thousands of unhappy human
beings --were rescued from perpetual slavery, and many of them
placed in the way of attaining civilization, and learning the great
truths of the Christian religion, at the benevelent establishment of
Sierra Leone. What is of still greater consequence is, that Portu-
gal has solemnly renounced the trade to the northward of the line ;
,to that the whole of Northers Africa 'Would be exempted from this
scourge, if it were not for the inconceivable obstinacy of a single
nation, the Spaniards. They are, besides, left entirely without ex-
cuse fur their solitary perseverance in trading for slaves to this
pact of the coast: since they have joined in the general condeinna-
lion of the slave trade signed by all the great powers at Vienna,
which only admits the plea of absolute necessity to palliate a-con-
tinuance in the practice ; and no such necessity for resorting to
Northern Africa fur slaves either has been, or can be alleged, ou
the art of Sain. It will tbr the wisdom of Parliament to de-.
termipne in what way we may meet this conduct by correspondent
measures of vigour.
