THE NATIONAL REGISTER

Sir K. WILSON expressed himsalf tatisfled with the
amendments. The bill, as amended, ordered to be printed.
Mr. P. OREN FELL. in the absence of the Chancellor
of the Exchequer, wished to know t►hether there world he
any objection to produce the correspondence between the
Batik and the Government reqwctisi; the renewal of the
Bank Charter)

Mr. LUSHINGTON wished that the question should be
postponed till the Chancellor of the Exchequer was present.
NAVAL AND MILITARY PENbIONI.—Mr. IIUMI; said,
be had is vain looked into the accounts to ascertain how
the five millions dead weight charge fur pewitsro was made
up; he therefore moved for retsina of pensiotts, half-pay, dm.
constituting the five millions charge, for which the Chancellor
of the Escheqeet's plan purported to provide.—Ordered.
Mr. LUSH I NGTON iutroduced the spoiled Stamps' Rids
—Read a first aloe.

Mr. HUME asked when the returns respecting public de-
faulters orient be expected t
Mr. I.USHINOTON aid. many at the accounts hail been
drawn from different and distant departments ; but many of
them were ready.
Mr. hl A RTI N obtained leave to bring in a bill to prevent
the ill-treatment of cattle. _

Mr.IIUMI asked when Ibe Superanuoation Bill was
likely to be discussed ?
Mr. LUSH INGTON replied, that it had stood on the
orders nine or ten different days, and that other matters had
prevented it front being brought forward.
Mr. G. BENNET remarked that when public money was
required there was generally found time to mention it to the
House, uud he did not see why this bill might out be discussed
in the committee of 'apply.
Mr. WELLS presented a petition from occupiers in Kent,
complaining of agricultural distress.
Mr. P. GRENFELL moved for returns of the different re-
newsils or extensions of the Bank Charter since Ha. He
said he movtd fur this account to chew that there had been
but one instance, that of 1810, when it was proposed to
renew the charter eleven years before its expiration. He
considered the Bank " monupoly"—the noble Marquis had
called it a monopoly—to be most mischievous; and be should
take every opportunity to resist its renewal. He should like
to know why the monopoly was to be enjoyed fur the I. •t
within 61 miles of London. if the monopoly were prejo.
dicinl at the distance of 65 miles, was it not equally injurious
nearer the metropolis. He concluded with moving for the
return.

Air. LUSHINGTON had no objection to the motion,
which merely regarded a matter ut fact.
Account ordered.

Mr. HUME moved for returns of consular fees, the
authority by which they were ordered, are.; for a return
of the consuls' duration of residence, abseuce, titc. He
adverted to the conduct of Mr. Chamberlain, our COMM!
at the Brazils. Out of 73 English merchants resideut
there, 72 had complained against his conduct. His re-
ceipts for lone port, withlu
exclusive of his receipts out of the civil list. Mr. Cham•
bedsit) cost this country between 4 and 5,0001. • year.
Were not these extravagant expences% Ho was sure that
the subject merited inquiry, and called for revision. The
charges ought to be greatly reduced—at least a half, if
not two-thirds. The interests of British shipping required
such reductions.

Sir R. WILSON said, that the Braids was a cheap
place to live in.
Lord LONDONDERRY replied,that Mr. Chamberlain
had stated the quarters loaf to be 3s. 100.—poultry and
wine very high.
Mr. HUME said, the noble lord had only read part of
Mr. C.'s correspondence ► his lordship should have gone
further, and then the house might have bed a different
view of the nietter.—Motion agreed to.
Lord A. HAMILTON presented a petition from owners
and occupiers of laud in Lanarkshire, complaining of
agricultural distress.
Mr. MAXWELL said, there was no hope of relief, ex-
cept from a reduction of taxes.—Yetition ordered to be
printed.
AGRICULTURAL RESOLUTIONS.

Lord LONDONDERRY moved, that the house go into
a committee on the further consideration of the agricultu-
ral resolutiom.

After some conversation, the house went into the com-
mittee,

Lord LONDONDERRY thew brought forward his
resolutions containing the scale of protecting or import
duties, as previously detailed in the papers.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE followed, bringing forward his
scheme of protecting duties, purposing to fix the scale
at 3:is
Sir F. BURDETT strongly condemned the plan of the
member for Somersetshire, as calculated to increase the
distress of the country, and he also objected to the noble
lord's plan. as not at all calculated to relieve the country.
The lion. bart, imputed the present distress to the altera-
tion in the currency, to taxation, and to non•importation.
He was convinced there ought to be no prohibitory dir-
ties ; that there ought to be tree importation, and that by
inch a course the country would again become prosper.
ous, and the landlord get that which lie contended it was
necessary lie should have for the good of all classes high
rents. He smeongly urged reduction of expenditure and
economy as the only means of relieving the country.
A long debate followed, and the discussion was ad-
journed at one o'clock.

WEDNESDAY. MAY 8.
Mr. P. GRENFELL asked, for the third time, when
ilie house might expect the correspondence between. the
Government and the Bank, respecting the renewal of the
Bank charter. If he received no satisfactory answer, be
should move that the papers be produced forthwith.
Mr. LUSHINGTON could only repeat the answer that
he had given before, that it would be better to wait till
the Chancellor of the Exchequer wad present.
Mr. GRENFELL moved, that the correspondence be
laid before the house forthwith.
Mr. BROUGHAM ssipported the motion. as he thought
it was not orating the house eespectfully to withhold die
papers.
Sir J. NEWPORT was of a similar opinion.
Mr. LUSHINGTON opposed the motion, because he
*might it was not ,hewing the usual courtesy to the
Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Mr. OREN FELL said, lie should press his motion.
The gallery was partly cleared for a division, bat the
opposition being withdrawn, the inotien was agured to,
and the correspondence ordered to be presented forthwith.
Sir M. W. RIM. EV gave notice, that when the Navi-
gation Laws Repeal bill was brought foe ward, he sisousid
111UVI: a Clause tor the repeal of the uue sinning tonnage 011

skips outward and homeward bound; be meant the tor.
nage duty geaerally.—(Hear, hear.)
Sir R. HERON. In consequence of the pressure of
business, and as a Poor Bill was already before the house,
postponed till next session his motion regarding the law
of settlement of the poor.
GOVENNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS HUME com-
plained of comments that appeared in the Morning Chi...
nide, on the subject of his motion for returns of the
expence of public tiepin intents fur advertisements, as that
paper charged him with wishing to interfere with the
private concerns of newspapers. He had no such desire
—the imputation was false; all he desired to know was,
the way in which the public money was laid out for Go-
vernment advertisement. Having so far set himself right
with the house and the country, be had no further com-
plaint to make; he considered that a public man was a
species of public property; and all he desired was, that
the truth st t Id be spoken.
The Swap Duties Relief bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed to-morrow. idler Sir M. W.
Ridley had expressed a hope that there *add be sane
relief regarding ships' debentures under particular eir-
'

Mr. LOCKHART ebbed whether there was to be say
alteration out the ad valorem deity on mortgagee.

_
Mr. LUSHINGTON replied, that there was a b 45 es
the subject.
Mr. LUSHINGTON then moved. that the been go
into a committee on the Stamp Duties Act.
Mr. BRIGHT wished to know whether there was to be
any alterations in the commercial stamps?
Mr. LUSHINGTON said, the proposed bill would ope-
rate a great relief to trade. The resolutions he expected
to have printed.
Mr. HUME asked whether there was to be any altera-
tion in the agency charges for distributing stamps ?
Mr. LUSHINU lON replied, that he bad no instruc-
tions on that subject. He added, that his first reaolntiou
was respecting policies.
Resolutions agreed to—report to-morrow.
Mr. G. BENNET gave notice. that be should, on F.l.
day next, move fur leave to bring in a bill to alter and
amend the present state of licenting public houses.
Mr. LEN SARI) postponed till Thursday, 10th instant,
his motion, which be had already postponed once, res-
pecting the repeal of the Seditious Meetings bill. He
hoped nothing would occur to prevent him frees Wiggle'
forward his motion on that day.
AGRICULTURAL DISTRESS RESOLUTIONS.

Lord LONDONDERRY moved, that the boom go into
• committee on the agricultural distress resolutions.
Mr. WYVILL opposed the motion. He could not eon-
sent that the country should any longer be deluded; the
rego:ntions would be useless. If they were passed, they'
could not last six mouths. There were but two modes of
relief, either to repeal Mr. Peel's bill, or • large remission
of the taxer He could not allow that the delusion of the
resolutions should be carried farther, without the sense of
she house being taken on the subject. He observed, that
there was eio chance of relieving the cannery, except
there was a reduction of taxation to the amount of v 0
millions at least. He therefore moved, as an amendment,
that the only effectual relief of agriculture was " • large
remission of taxation.'

Mr. LOCKHART said, he could not consent that the
interests of agriculture should be Mended with questions
with which they were nut entirely connected. If the
Norfolk decision regarding poor rates, and the liability of
the clergy, were correct, then were the great interests of
the venerable body of the church gone. It was true en-
doubtedly in law, but if it continued, then, be repeated.
the interests of the venerable body of clergy bad been
must seriously affected. As to the remission of taxes, if
such a reduction as had been proposed were to take place,
the interest of the debt could not confines to be paid;
and he undertook to say, that the agriculturists bad In no
instance called for any thing that would affect the cond.
noted payment of the interest of the debt. (Hear. hear.)
—As to the reduction of taxation, that would riot effect
the desired relief; indeed the noble lord's resolutions
chiefly proceeded on that principle. He then proceeded
to defend the scheme of protecting import duties—the
price of core, with the duty, ought ttr be regulated by the
prices at Datum. Suppusiug the duty was 15a. it could
be imported thence at S7s. How then was the English
grower to compete with the foreign growers Besides, the
noble lord's resolution declared that the English grower
could not grow curn at a less rate than 10a. the quarter.
What the farmers wanted was, not high priers, but pro.
tecting duties ; they did not want to be compelled to ►ell
at a loss. He begged to add, that the farmers bad 114
connection with the wild awl visionary schemes fur a re-
duction of taxation; they desired to support the public
faith, and were anxious to support the Government of the
country.
Lord ALTHORPE said, that every vote he had given
this session was its favour of a reduction of taxation, but
still Ise wished the committee to proceed. He thought
the corn laws were so bad. that he was therefore desirous
that the committee should proceed.
Lord LONDONDERRY said, it the amendment were
carried, it must 1w considered like saying, that there ought
to be a repeal of taxes to the amount of esillious.
Mr. BROUlitiA3l declared, that it would be only
stating, that in all they should hereafter do, it would be
requisite to keep in view a large reduction of taxes.
Mr. WYVILL said, he had heard nothing that could
induce him to withdraw his motion; be more than ever
■aw the necessity of pressing it.
Mr. REAUMON r and Mr. CURWEN expressed them-
selves in favour of the amendment. because they felt
convinced that whatever plans were determined on with.
out a reduction,* large reduction of taxes, there was are
chance of the country being rescued from its digiceties.
The house then di. idrd. The numbers were...4%w the
autendinerd, 31—Against it, Ito—Majority, 83.
The house then went into a committee. _

Mr. BANK ES, at considerable length, denied that the
distress of the country originated entirely in taxation—it
was caused by a variety of circumstances. He coutros
vetted the doctrine, that the cultivator of laud, if he
could not obtain a remunerating price, ought withdraw
his capital, and employ it otherwise. This was not in his
power, and therclore pasharuent were ►ound to protect
them as far as possible.
Mr. HUSIUSSON defended the report of last session,
which he said was founded on the hire policy of the vie'.
111111 Wider that impression he had retrained Irma
attending the committee of the present session. He had
piuposed his resolutions, with a view to 'hewing isle 0,11

( For continuoliou ssi pagc 114.

149

LAVE. TRADE.

On Friday the 15th Annual Meeting of the African
Institution was held at Freemasons'-hall; the attendance
was numerous; several ladies (particularly of the Society
of Friends) were present.
At half-past one o'clock his Royal Highness the Duke
of Glucester took the chair, and opened the business of
the meeting by calling upon Mr. Harrison, the hon.
rucret try, to read the 15th annual report, w hich that
attlitlelliall did, and the billowing arc the principal ex-
tracts :—A fier alluding to the afflicting commit:nice of
the slave trade by the subjects of several European powers:
Ilse report proceeded to allude to the increase of the slave
t rule within the last year. The chief seat of this traffic
011 the wt st coast, is the Evers Bonny and Calabar ; and
it has beets ascertained on good authority, that in fifteen
months front July, 1820, to October 1821, 190 ships,
under different flags hail entered the former river, and
that 162 had entered the latter, for the purpose of pur-
chasing slaves—.t fact which may afford souse idea of
whit must be the dreadful aggregate of misery inflicted
shoring the last year, on this unhappy portion of the
globe. In this work of inquity Fortio' still takes a
pre-eminent part. Portugal, it will be recollected, is
the only European Power that has refused entirely to
prohibit her suljects from trading in slaves; she retains
the gently distinction of still legalizing a traffic which
site acknowledges at the same time to be a crime of the
worst description. Au active slave trade has been car-
ried tail between the adjoining continent and the islands
of BISC3O and the Cape de Verde, with the view of the
!Lit/CS beitia afterwards shipped to the Havanna'', or to
the French West India Islands. Bat the rivers which
sins into the 'Stain of Beisin, and into that of Malta,
are chiefly frequented by the Puringuese slave ships.
—The report then goes on to notice, in terms of the
warmest approbation, the fact, that throughout the
whole range of Spanish America, now become indepen-
dent, not only has the slave trade bzen effectually prohi-
bited, but the very incentive to the crime beets removed
by the gradual abolition of slavery itself, and the decla-
ration that colour is to constitute no bar to the attain-
ment of rank honours. Its allusion to the proceedings
Of the king of the Netherlands, the report complains
of the large introduction of slaves into Surinam, to the
number of s veral thousands, ever since the sitting of
the mixed commission there. Its allusion to France,
the report is as follows :—Tne directors will now advert
to the slave trade carried out under the flag of France,
which has maintained under the last, as its some for-
mer years, its guilty pre-eminence. It will appear from
the documents inserted in the appendix, that almost
every part of the African coast, whether on its western
or eastern shores, is crowded with Fretich contrabandist'.
The coast appears literally to swarm with them: as one
instance, its October, 1821, Lieut. Wright of the Snap-
per, ditriav, a cruise of only 18 days in the neighbour-
hood of Cape Mount, fell in with nine slave ships; one
was a Dutch vessel, full of slaves, which escaped; the
other eight were French, several of theist full of slaves.
Bin the tavagel of the French slave traders are not con-
fined to the western shores of that devoted continent.
The eastern coast, and especially the island of Zinque-
bar, have recently attracted the cupidity of these lawless
adventurers; and au extensive traffic has beets carrying
out thetice for the supply, not only of the-Lsles of Bour-
bon, but even of tile island of Cuba. A vessel with 344
slaves on board, named Le Succes, was detained in April
18-21, by Isis Majesty's ship Menui, Capt. Moresby, and
carried into the Isle of France, where no claim of pos-
session or property being preferred, she was condemned,
and the slaves liberated. The correspondence and other
docinitents (ovoid on board this vessel throw a flood of
light on the enormities of this traffic, and it is now car-
red out by the subjects of Fiance. It will be sufficient to
mention. that it appears train these papers that this very
vessel, Le Succes, bad already made a successful slave
aoyage from Z anquebar to the Isle of Bourbon, where
she had safely lauded 248 slaves; that the Governor, NI.
Nlylitts, having been informed of the transaction, hail
instituted judicial proceedings against her; but that the
judges whose office it was to try the cause, having them-
aelies participated its the crime by purchasing some of
her slaves, concurred its acquitting her; and that, encou-
raged by this impunity, she was immediately despatched
for amelier cargo of Africans, and was returning with
them to the Isle of Bourbon, when she was detained by
. .

he :Wiwi. A variety of other proofs will be found in
the Appendix, of the pertinacity with which the slave
trade Is prosecuted under the French fl ig, as well as of
me impunity with which its prosecution is commonly
attended. The report then details the unsuccessful effort
of the Duke de Broglie in the French Chamber of Peers,
last March, to render the laws of France more efficacious
against this trade ; but the greatest success was antici-
pated from the diffusion of information upon the subject
on die Continent. Moot flattering allusions were also
made to the conduct of the United States of America,
which had made this traffic piracy ; and a reference is
made to a very elaborate opinion pronounced by Julge
Van Ness in one of these cases, which deserves to be
recorded. He intimated, that even if this ship and cargo,
taken' outfit the SiiatilAi flag, hail not been proved to be
American property, he would have held that the demand
of restitution by the Spanish claimant ought to be reject-
on the ground that the trade, bettig pronounced
illegal and cress criminal by the ntimicipal laws of Spain,
and the property Isettig liable to confiscation in thecourts
of his ono country, no Spanish subject could have a
right to claim restitution in the courts of the United
SidlE6.—Anothcr very important document has reached
the 1) rectors trona the Dotted States. It is the report of
a committee of the House of Representatives in their
last session, relative to the Intl tual exercise of the right of
t...rc:l, by Great Britain and America, with a view to
the suppression of the slave trade. This committee gave
a sery clear opinion its favour of the exercise of this
Lord Cs LTHORPE rose to propose the motion of thanks
to the Directors of the African Institution. He la-
emitted the inadequate manna itt which the efforzs of

INAL R F.GISTEIt

the abolitionists were supported b.; foreign powers, but
he anticipated a more favourabl^ result from the consti-
tutional governments of the continent.
Lend Neciewr, in scconiling the motion, animad•
vested in severe woos up'.n the odious traffic of the
slave trade, and eXpressett a hope that the time was not
far distant, when, by the commou co.operatiren of al
civilized gover tttttt •nts, a termination would b: put to the
depredations of that monster of all mankind—the trader
in human flesh.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE proposed the second
resolution, which was declaratory of the abhorrence of
the society at the manner in which the slave trade sub-
sisted. lie lamented the indisposition which was ma-
nifested by foreign power to take the only step that
could cyanide the abolition effective, 'tamely, by making
it piracy. He congratulated the meeting upon the great
example set in this respect by the United States of Ame-
rica, whose gover ttttt en took the proper attitude that it
became freemen to assume in the cause of freedom.
Mr. WILBERFORCE, its seconding the declaratory
resolution, deeply regretted the necessity which existed
of enlightening the public mind of France respecting
the odious measure of the slave trade.
Mr. BROUGHAM proposed a resolution expressive of
the gratification of the society at finding the slave trade
mule piracy by the United Suites of America. In doing
so, he was grieved to say, that instead of being assem-
bled, as they had hoped, this day, to witness the con-
summation of their IS yeaes' labours in enforcing the act
of abolition, they had now the in otification to find a
new series of troubles rising to their view, from a singu-
lar combination of unhappy circumstances. As long as
their own laws had to be watched over to be enforced—
as long as their own colonies declined to give their own
slaves the equal benefit of the law, and withheld from
them every thing which was not extorted front the mas-
ters, by the necessity of fostering the slaves now risen in
rice, if that degraded epithet roust still attach to human
beings—as long as other nations refused to redeem
their own plighted promises—so long the African insti-
tution town obviously and necessarily have much to ac-
complish. It would seem from the interesting report
which had been read, that the chief countries of EtiroFe
since the peace, exhibited nothing, but a series of pledges
given to be forfeited—opportunities of benefiting man-
kind only afforded to he scandalously thrown away—
chances held forth to the nations of the world, but cast
aside, of recovering themselves, and of gaining imperish-
alie renown. (Applause.) lie looked with indignation
at the cuntrast.presented by the republic-an subjects of a
free country, in the performance where they had not
promised so much, to those govenments who had pro-
mised so much and performed so little.—(Applause).—
Too much could not be said of the labours of the Society
of Friends, who had been forcibly compelled, by the
greatness of their own doings, to encroach upon that
meekness of habit which mid ly induced them to
" Do good by ',wild', and blush to find it fame."
(hear), and forced them to receive that public approba-
tion from their fellow subjects, which they were the first
to earn, but the last to claim. (Hear.)—There were,
however, some of the foreign eaovernments who resem-
bled the Society of Friends, but it was only in this one
habit—that they made no claim for the approbation of
mankind. (Laughter ) If they were slow in claiming,
they took especial care to be also slow in deserving—
their modest and retired habits were never broken in
upon by the applause of suffering humanity; they kept
the left hand in entire ignorance of what was thong by
the right, and to obviate the possibility of a charitable
exposure, they took particular care to keep both kands
idle. (Renewed bursts of laughter.) These governments
stood wholly without excuse, and he would press upon
their governments, if they could hear him—he would
press upon their people, through whom those govern-
ments must sooner or later hear it, that Yak' will be
their plea of England's example of indifference to this
traffic for a series of years, even if plea were stronger than
it can be pretended to be. Trite it is that this is the 40th
year since the wrongs of Africa first caught the attention
of the English ear. At that time a 'noon society (prin-
cipally from among the Society of Friends), six m num-
ber, of whom alone George Harrison was the survivor,
met in conclave upon this traffic. True, their conclave
was as secret in its deliberations as were other congresses
that had since assembled, though composed of very dif-
ferent members, influenced by very different feelings,
and having very different objects to promote. This
society sought information respecting the traffic; they
were hallowed by Thomas Clarkson, and, treading on
his heels in the great work, caine his hon. friend (Mr.
Wilberlince), who had rendered his name illustrious by
Ws services in this holy cause. (Loud applause.) And
yet, notwithstanding the great exertions of such men, O 5
years elapsed from the beginning to the conclusion of
their efforts, so tar as the passing of the abolition act.
Why did he refer to these facts?—first, that they had to
take to theitisels es the deep shame of allowing so many
years to elapse in the progress of such a question ; and
next, to discourage despair, under any present circum-
stances, by showing, that in whatever cause a free and
enlightened people resolve to embark, success must ulti-
' mutely attend their struggle. (Applause.) It was not one
year beorc their final niumpli, that after the question of
abolition was carried in the Commons, it was flung out
hi the Lords. (Hear, hear.) lie referred to these facts to
discourage despair, not to vindicate foreign powers, or
allow their plea of the example of England. When the
subject was first taken tip in England it was new, its
details and atrocities were unknown, the effect of mea-
sures was untried; hut would it be contended that the
powers of the continent could plead that ignorance?
Had they not had the progressive experience of Eng-
land They might, indeed, hare come into the discus-
sion at the I nth hour, but they did so with all the
advantage of hearing the to hours' previous debate, and
acquiring all the experience of the past to regulate their
decision. (Loud crier of hear.) They must start, there-
' tore, with us at the present time, and not flatter them-
selves with the delusive hope, that either among the
4trise or the good men of future times, they would stand

justified in a delay, which in the case of England was
without defence, but which in their case would he tit..
terly without palliation. (Applause.) The hon. and
learned gentleman then pronounced a warm panegyric
upon the example set by the United States of America,
io making the slave trade piracy, and upon Mr. Ran-
dolph's arcat efforts in promoting that act.
The R-v. JOHN CUNNINGHAM seconded the motion.

Mr. RANDOLPH (lhe distinguished American) then
rose to return thanks for this mark of respect towards the
United States of America. He was impelled by a double
motive, which he could not resist, to offer I • elf for a
few moments to their attention. First, to discharge an
act of duty in behalf of his native land, in the absence of
its official representative—an absence as unexpected by
him as it was unforeseen, and which had cast upon him
a duty he felt inadequate to perform—that of thinking
this meeting for the grateful sense they had expresed
towards America, and also to assure them that all th.tt
was exalted in station, ill talent, and in moral character,
among his tottntrymen, was (as was also to be found in
England) firmly united for the simpression of this infa-
mous traffic. (Loud applause.) Ile repeated his thanks
to the meeting for the flattering reception they had given
hint.
[The plainness of Mr. Randolph's appearance, his
republican simplicity of manner, and easy and unaffected
address, attracted much attention: he sat down amidst
a burst of applause.]
Mr. JOUN WARNE. M.P., proposed a resolution of
thank-, to Spain, for the recent vote of the Cortes, which
made the slave trade penal, by confiscation and ten
years haul labour at the public works.
Mr. STEPHEN rose to propose a resolution of thanks to
the new governments of South America, for the ready
manner in which they (Columbia in particular) had
come forward to abolish the slave trade. _

Mr. W. SMITH seconded this resolution. and en forced
the necessity of more effective steps to secure the abuli.
tion of this odious tr.tflicv

His Royal Highness the Duke of GcoucEsTgo, in
acknowledging the thanks of the meeting, took occasion
to introduce the name of an illustrious relative of his,
who had also steadily mimed the abolition of the slave
trade—he meant the King of Denmark. (Applause.)—
His royal highness also stated, that he had the pleasure
of a personal acquaintance with Gen. Bolivar, who had
promised him, when in England in the year 1808, that
the moment the Americans had acquired their liberty,
the slave trade should be abolished. General Bolivar
had at least redeemed the promise he had made. (Loud
applause.)
When his royal highness quitted the chair, it was
taken by Mr. Wilberforce, and thanks were then voted
to Mr. Harrison, the honorary secretary.
The meeting did not break up till past five o'clock.
