WM BETWEEN FRAIWE AND AUSTRIA.

Letters of the 13th instant were received on Friday from
the Dutch coast. It is agaia strongly asserted fro►n thence,
that a war between France aad A►:stria is iiievitable. 'l'l►c
writer also requests, that the goods he had ordered might
not be sent hi►n, as their Fizz would be affected by the
co►►tinental war.

Ail the accounts from Span and Portugal coincide in
stating that a general move:neat has been made by all the
French armies towards the Pyrenees. If this statement can
be relied on, the various reports w hick have been circulatei,
for some days, relative to a war between France and
Austria, obtain the highest degree of credibility. The
concurring circumstance of Bosr Al' arc's departure for
Paris, and his rumoured arrival at Strasburgh, give this
event a still greater portion of probability. if Austria has
resolved to seize the present auspicious interval, to make
ore build and decisive push for her own independence, the
tyrant has been completely outwitted, and all his battles
must be refonght, and his marches must be recommenced,
with soldiers harassed, reluctant, and worn out ; whilst
Austria appears on the field with fresh and renovated
strength, conscious of the sacredness of her cause, and im-
pressed with the solemn conviction that this is the last ef-
fort she cant make, if unsuccessful. If hostility br...aks out in
one part of Germany, on the Danube or the Spree, it will re-
semble one extended match of gunpowder ; set fire to one
end of it, and it immediately hisses and explodes throughout
the whole extensive tract from Trieste, to Konigsberg.
This may be relied on ; that exactions and contributions
and tyranny, with their concomitant train of private and
public misery, have worked up the minds of the Germans
to a pitch bordering on frenzy ; and they are prepared to
undertake and perform every thing which despair and
rage, and a seuae of excessive outrages can inspire.
—This feeling is not confined to Austrians and Prussians;
it rages through every town and village, forming
formerly a part of the ancient Germanic Body. One
inlense sentiment agitates and consumes them all :----an
abhorrence of BONAPA RTE, as the cause of their misery,
their degradation, and slavery.
We know not who is the aggressor on this new war, though
we have reason to suppose that the aggression is on the side
of Austria. A few days will clear up our doubts and anx-
iety on this momentous intelligence ; and whatever may
be the event of a new war, we cannot but admire the pru-
dence and consistency of Austrian politics on this occasion.
some remarks in our last number may seem to contradict
this observation ; hut they proceeded from the supposition
and the fear that the Cabinet of Vienna might adhere to
its system of neutrality. That government, we cannot
deny, has displayed, during that cheerless and difficult
interval that elapsed between the Peace of Presburg and
the meeting at Erfurth, great wisdom and uncommon vi-
gour. Pressed on all sides by the armies of France,
