-~--.. rr

T'

V
I

• ,

'll6

,

i
I .. fitO.di LeERT NIGHT'S GA ZETTR.
. —row--
• . _ CROWN OFFICE,- Aram ".
Mt/Milt fettuned to serve in this present PARLIAMENT.
City of Durham.—Sir H. Hardinge, K.C.8., of Gloucester
Plow, in the City of Westminster.
--- .
BANKRUPTCY EF.LARGED. ..
J. Slad,i Gun Laise, Commercial Road, Middlesex, butcher,
from April IS to April if. •
BANK nurrems SUPERSEDED.
G. L. Whalley, Cheltenhain, money scrivener.
T. R. Gig* -Deal, Kent, apothecary.
BANKRUPTS.
W. Mitchell, Wanstead, 1.2....5ex. butcher. Solicitors,.Mesors.
Amory and Ce. Thrugmorton Street.
W. Signal. Colchester Street, Savage Gardens, wine mer—
chant. Sal. Mr. Pasmore, Wamford Coun.
• W. and D Gunston, St. John Street, chamemooger. Soli.
Messrs. Helm. and Co. New Inn.
W: H. Tucker, High Holborn. window glass cutter. Sol.
Mr. Howell. Hatton Garden.
J. W. lislward, Bread Street, coal merchant. Sols.l Messrs.
Grimaldi and Co. Copthell Court,Throgmortan Sueet.
S. Darbon, Marylebone Street, Golden Square, wine cooper.
Sol. Mr. Willis, Lower Thonshaugh Street, Bedford Square.
M. A. Shine,. Duke Street, St. Jvaseeti, dress maker.. Sol.
Mr. Rine, Jertnyn•Strcei.
B. Redford, St. Martin's le Grand, plumber. Sods. Messrs.
Young and Co. Charlotte Ross, Mansion House.
H. Tabberner, Cid, linen draper. Sol. Mr. Gums.
• Pepe's Repd Alley. CoConshill. .
OiVIDIINDS. •
May 1, J. Hanley, Sol's Row, Hempstead Road, sectifier—S.
t,
rCer
11. B. fies 4„ - Siptare, Commercial Road, merchant-
3. U. A. tip loliteue Square, merchant-3, J. Railings
and J. B.saik. Square, tailors-3. J. Sell..lligh Street.
Rhellyvil.. alteMeoKtiges—S, N. Jermyn, Great Yannouth,
. licsiblk. melebass¢•4, S. Allen and T. C. Noble. Bristol, linen
drapes—q, S, Hesgreaves. Liverpool, woollen draper.
CERTIFICATES to be granted May 3. .
Ti Lee, jun. Binning'..arn, merchant—C. Vere, Cloth Fair,
woollen draper—J. runi, Madras. Cornwall, miller—S. Baker.
Lima, Sises, miller—C. Kennington, Glainford Briggs. Lin.
oshasitimi..draper—J. Sowerbg, jun. Liverpool, sheesentonger—
R. J.,. Deviser, Fleet Makes. glass and earthenwaremen—J.
Bast Birmingham, merehant—.ll, Dr Hughes, shottisham,
Sullblk apothecary.

cowtsr. 01? EXCHANGE,. Awns. H. •
Muslardsmi, 12 fk.C. F. 3etille,3si—thuralier,3o4
Dittotatsiett, 18 5 Lettlturti,46L—Genoa, 421
itotterdast, le 0 Matti:As—Venire ,2,2 10
• 4•44tier4t,, 12 9 •Nsples,2s4—Lisbou..sl
.Hambarsh, 22.1 Oporto. SI ir—lialita,:ku
Allous, 58 2 RioJanetau,44.
Putis,3ll4,e4ght,26 80 Palermo, 114
Ditto, 26 10 Dublin, 94 per cent.
buurdeins, 80 10. I Curl', 94 per cent-.
Frankfort sntlieNloittetl:ll Foreigo gultliuburs,3l..l7t.
Yetersiotrigh. 8} Ut 6d. per oz.
Violists*, Et'. Flo. 10 40 New Deublootts, 31.188.0.1.
1
Trieste, Ef. Flo. lu 4l New Duditrs, 4.1. 9d.
Madrid, 26*—Csdis. VII Silver ill bars.staudard Os.
Billsoa.3Bl-oarcelous.3ii, Ilid.

PUKE OF STOCKS.
Railk,Blnet6 Oneninin. 0.
3 per Cent. Red. Toi 1111,1.3 per Cent 747
,3 penCent.ConAoh. $l.•
.34 per Cent. 884 Imola steel. 242 L
4 per Lein. 94 lixeliequer t7e. prem.
• 'No* Feerilii7 • Cttet, for Ae. 711
Aun.'ll* imittirrY Ticket' MI 198.

•~
~~

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON. SUNDAY.. AM/. IL
' We do not remember the commescommit of any
war of aggression, however unjustifiable, however
villanous, byt what has bet-ti preceded by a decla-
ration of the loving kindness and disinterested
• anxiety of the aggressors for the welfare of the
aggrieved--and the Duke of Angouleme hats not
been behind hand with his predecessors, but has
published his "Proclamation," of which we give to-
day a traaslation--a more flitnsey attempt at cajolling
never met the eye, and if, instead of it, be had pub-
lished a brief but honest declaration of the rascally
principles• which gives the impetus to the French
armies in the present instance, he might have
• escaped the contempt which every body feels for this
specimen of ikau•bon diplomatic papers. Well may
the Spanish Generals borrow from Sheridan's
Pizarro—Well may they exclaim with Rolla in ad-

i

"I

4

/

their troops—
.. You linve jpdged, as I have, the fool's's' of the crafty plea
Si which theme base Invaders etoold altradisyeat—yeat gene-
root spirits have oompar'd, as mitre has, the motives which, in
a war, this can aimed* year minds sad ours=they, by a strange
phrenzy driven, fight for power, for plunder, and extended
rule—we, for oar country, slurs, sad our homes—they fellow
a Prince whom they contemn and Obey, a monarch whom they
hate—they bout they come bat to improve our state, enlarge
03f mind., and free us from the yule of ercor—they offer us
• us their protection—yea, such protection as vultures give to
loathe, covering and devouring them—they calf on us to barter
all of good we have fought for and have proved, fur the despe-
rate chance of something better which they premise us.—Be
ear plain answer this.—' The throne we bow to and the lama we
reverence are both the peoples choice.'—Tell your invaders
this, and tell them toe we seek ne.clunge, sod least of all such
ohange as the/ would bring as."
With the Spaniards does it rest to irotuortejise

TAP NATTOI4. AL REGISTER

their country by else heroism• of resistance, or to•
sink her even belbut the contempt of surround-
ing nations—every Frenchman who•esaapes, having
crossed the foamier, will be. as a spot. in their
escutcheon of glory. The Ultras of France calcu.
lute on great assistance from the Traitors of Spain—
we hope they may be disappointed, sad lf they lie,
Spain will yet be free in spite of Loais the 18th or
the kalgful Alliance.

TRW FUNDS. YESTERDAY.
lin U-TAST Two o'cioce.
Consols opened at 76 for account—have been
done at 76i I—and now brisk at 76j.
The market for Spanish is also lively—Bonds
began at 294—500 n reached SO—and went up to
32—from which they have receded to sq.
The Portuguese Ambassador is confidently stated
to have flemandod 'passports—which, being imme-
diately granted, hirforthwith quitted the French
capita'. . .
In spite of every effort to drive down the market,
bolombian Bonds arty now in demand at 64.
Neapolitan Scrip, on which many holders refused
to make good their i.uymentit, has, to the great sin-
' prise of the market, been this day done at a premium
of one per cent.
•

The Oroprietort of The John Bell have actt•l at
last as they ought.to have acted at first—they have
denounced one of the scoundrels who have been
filling their columns with " lying and slandering"
—we only wish 'theylad been under tht influence
of equal hotiesty in another case—then, we fearlessly
assert, should we have seen a celebrated Secretary
with a black mark Upon him, as indelibly disgraceful
as that which lying, and offering to perjure himself
has fixed upon Mr. Nich. B. Bull—but •if Messrs.
Shackle ander). had siune this they aright might have
lost the ,ir.?ure patronage by which tfley were
dragged from obscurity to & degree of notoriety and
divglace, to which nothing could reconcile met
except great pecuniary reward.

1
By express, letters dated April 7th have arrived
from' Parisi conveying the proclamation issued by the
Duke of Angouleme to the Spanish nation—he will,
however, ."nd himself mistaken if he expects to gull'
the Spaniards in this way—they have a duty to
perform, and we have uo tears respecting either their
iteniany or their *wrap—the tialawing is a cisme
translation of thei 4
4" ?ROC LAATION.
" THE DOSE D.*;tiCOULEME NEURAL 11L'CIIIEr OF THE
AUNT OF THE F,V1164E104 TO THE SPANIAIIDS.
" The King of trance, by rraalliog his Ambassador '
the

.4 from
Madrid, hoped that _ Spanish Ccverpompt,- warned of its
diners, would &tans to inure moderate sentiments, and
would cease to bit dipaf to the counsels of benevo!ence and
reason. Two months and • half have passed away, and his
Majesty has is rain expected the establishment in Spain of
an order of things compatible with the safety of neighbouring
Staten

_
" The French Government has fur two entire years endured,
with a forbearance without example, the must unmerited pro-
vocations; the revolutionary faction which has destroyed the
royal authority in your country—which holds your King cap-
tive:—whicla calls for his dethronement—which menaces his
life and that of his family, hay carried beyond its frontiers its
guilty efforts. it has tried all means to corrupt the irony of his
Most Christian Majesty, and to excite troubles in:France, in
die same manner as it had succeeded by the contagioa of its
doctrines and of its example to produce the insurrection of
Naples and Piedmont. Deceived in its expectations, it bas
forded traitors, condemned by, our tribunals, to consummate
ander the protection of pimpliest rebellion the plots which
they had formed against their country. Ilia tiewitto pat a step
to the anarchy whieh tears Spain io pieces, which' Aces from it
the power of settling its colonial disputes, which Sieparates It
from Europe, which has broken all its relations with the
august Ssivereigps, whom the smite intentions and the same
views unite with Ida must Christian Majesty, and which co•n-
promises the repose and interests of France.
Spaniards!—France is not at war with your country.—
Sprang (Tom the same blood as year Kings, I can base no wish
but fur your independency, your happiness, your glory. lam
going to cross the Pyrenees at the bead of 100.000 Frenchmen;
but it is in order to unite myself te, the Spaniards, Wend' of
order and the laws, to assist them in setting free their captive
King, in raising as the altar and the Saone, is rescuing
priests frontlropelons, Men of property from spoliation, and
the whole people from the dominion of an ambitious few, who,
while they proclaim liberty, are preparing only the slavery and
' ruin of Spain.
Spaniards!—Every thing will be dote for you and with
yea. The Freach are not, and wish not to be, any thing hut
your eutiliaries. Your standard alone shall float over your
cities : the monition traversed by our soldiers shall. be ad-
ministered in the nate* of Ferdinand by Spanish authorities ;
the severest discipline shall be observed ; every thing necessary
for the service of the army shall. be paid for with a scropalous
punctuality; we do not pretend either to impose laws on you,
*or to occupy your country; we wish nothing but your deliver-
ance ; as soon as we shall bare obtained it,. we will return to
our country, happy to have preserved a generous people arm
the miseries produced by revolution, and which 'vedettes''s&
taught us bat too well to appreciate.
" Head-quarters at Bayonne, April E. 8123. • •
" LUDIS ANTOINE.
" By bis Royal Highness the ?dime General in-Chief, the
Coonaellor of State, Civil Commissioner of his Most Christian
Majesty, 31itItT1GNAV."

•

- --s___ _

'„

The King will hold a Levee tin Monday the 21st
inst. and a Drawing-coon on Wech.rsday, the 23d
inst. for the celebration of his Majesty's birth-dn. •
A. letter from the Agent to Lloyd's ur Alicaut,
states, that there has been a k rench fleet of several
line of battle ships and frigates laying off there the
several days previous to that letter leaving.
Since the full of Corinth, that of Putras is at
hand. On the 18th of February the WA outworks
were stomed, end since the 25th of February front
80 to 90 persons daily perish from famine. The
castle of Lepanto also must soon fall, if it b; not
already taken.
The following Captains have been promoted to
the rank of Rear-Admirals of the Blue :—The Hon.
Sir Charles Paget, Robert Williams, and Richard
,Worseley.
The following is an extract of a letter from the
- agents to Lloyd's. at Genoa, dated March 29:
“-The master of a coasting vessel arrived here from
Cette reports, that on passing the roads of Toulon,
on the 22d instant, he observed two line-of-battle
ships, and three friates, at ar.chor there. It is re-
portedr that fifteen ships of war, of different rates,
are fitting out in that port, and that orders had as-
rived to arm the batteries on the coast, for the pro-
tection of their trade against cruisers. The fleet of
this state is preparing to fit out."
Tae MARQUIS or HASTLNett. —Th is distinguished
Nobleman was, it is understood, to leave India in
December last ; but whether he returned to Europa
by Suez, or in the frigate which was long ago ap-
pointed to take him to the Mediterranean, we have
not learned. Rumour mentions him as the succes-
sor of Sir Thomas Maitland, and that Malta is his

ultimate destination.
The Gazelle of Saturday contains an Order in
Council, suspending for the present yeas the training
or exercising of the militia.
By a decree published at Lisbon, on March 12th,
the operation of the decree of the 14th of July,
1821, is suspended, and the importation of British
woollens into Portugal allowed, on paying a duty of
only 15 per cent. This regulation is to remain in
force till the conclusion of the treatynew negociating
with Great Britain
The Warsaw atrzette of fhe 15th ult. contains an
ordinance for restraining the exportation of corn,
and enemiraging its importation, in consequence of
the kingdom of Poland &aiming this year a great
scarcity of summer-corn.
The average price of b.triey is 335. 1 a. per quarter;
should it advance to 355. the Foreign Burley now in
granary, (amounting to no less titan 50.000
quarters) will be 'admitted for home consumption,
at a duty of Bs. 2d. a quarter.
Thellinasseial state of the county of Huntingdon
has enabled the magistrates to order the county
rate not.to be collected this quarter. This is the
secon4 quarter its operations have been suspended;
it will undoubtedly give some relief to the agricul-
turist ; but in the village of Elton, in that county,
it is said, that there have been 57 men out of em-
ployment and supported wholly by the pariah rates
during the winter.
Accounts from Cape Coast state that the natives
are suffering from a misunderstanding with the
Ashante country, which has proved very detrimental
to their trade, and it is feared nothing but a military
force will bring the King of Ashante to terms, ne-
gociation having as yet proved unsuccessful. A
small force %%mild settle this business, and the natives
of Cape Coast have Dome reliance in Sir Charles
Macarthy's friendly interference.
An Oporto Journal of 24th ult. states, that a
brilliant victory has been obtained by the Constitu-
fionalists, near Amarante; the action lasted from
nine in the morning to four in the evening. The
rebels were finally routed, leaving 230 prisoners in
the power. of the conqtteror, and $6 dead on the field
of battle. The same journal adds, that a battu.ion
of Casadores was particularly distinguished in this
affair. After having been for a lung time under
fire,, the soldiers would neither rest nor take their
rations when they arrived at Amirante, but rushed
upon the enemy, with cries of " Live the Consti-
tution !" After the action, when General Rego
returned to Amarante with the prisoners, he was
• besonun the shoulders of the soldiers to his quarters,
amidst the must enthusiastic acclamations. This
declared champion of liberty said to his comrade.,
that he would lose his life in the field of honour, or
• would avenge the country outraged by its unworthy
tons.
According to an estimate presented to the House
of Commons, the sum that may be wanted in the
ettwi.ioCousahunradtpsppooeta'urslndsublyiectelheieurn
iscWofesisfetuanalinpastrneedr.
present year towards detlayiog the expellees of
the
RrtAynD
all other deductions.
buildinghGisA R
SU
sentment of Monday, that " there is not one cask
of sugar now remaining in the
at this port, upon which the home consumption duty
has not been paid." This circumstance, we be-
lieve, is wholly Unprecedented
since the establibh-
rce.tt of the warehousing system.

-171EI1E PE N UE' •
AbArid or die Net Produce of the Revenue of Great
Blitain in the Years and Quarters ended th►e sth
of Aril, 1822, and the sth of April, 1823;
'showing the Increase and Decrease on each head
thereof.

6400:
....-

Increase. Decrease.
..---......—....—..-
70.931
1,148,701
27,258
$l,OOO
643.835
106.093,
--...

I.ANURUURN WARD.
& Wedowee was en Tuesday held in the church of St.
Dioais Backchorch, in Fenelturob-street, for the election elm
Aldetasan in the room of Sir John Stoner, deceased.
The LORD MAYOR arrived at about half-past two, and having
'taken the Chair, the ward beadle made proclamation, and the
precept for convening the wardmoto was read.
Mr. BORRADAII.I then proposed Sir Freels Desanges, ci-
lium and dyer, ss a naadidate for the secant elk. of Alder-

man.
Mr. Ett.torr seconded the proposition,
Mt. WITT, in ruing to propose another candidate fee the
*Mee of Alderman said much itooevenieuee had frequently
remelted from the non-reskiesesi of the Alderson@ within the
' Ward, tip whole of which would be obviated by Omelet-doe
of the Oedema whom he had thee the helmet to propose
and with whose Name he wadi cinschde.. He then recom-
mended Mr. John Keys, cilium, and stadeser:
On the chew of bmds the Lord Mayor declared the numbers
to be—For Mi. Key, 59—For Sir P. Desanges, 48, and that
the*elsolee bad therefore fallen or Mr. Key.
A poll (with is to continue two day.) was then demanded as
behalf of lir F. Desanges ; sad the Wiliam' of the eleciion
mincladed.
On Thireday morning the Lord Mayor proceeded to the
• veswy rem of St. Dionis Book Church, aadopeeed the poll
' : pea promo. His Lordship then stated, that ow Wednesday
itair
he had received a letter from 15 .r Francis Mileages, de-
any further contest, notwithstanding tell* hi was vh-
-2.1 ot! to :.esp the pett open far the Surd upon.
' ht die evening the poll dosed. In favour of Mr. KeyM.'
the numbers being—Foe Mr. Key,: M—for Vt V. tomuggior
• .. go—Majority, 46.
.• The Lord Mayer them Ileellteur that the *l.sn fell aim
Mr. Key..
. Mr. Keye then stood forward to return thanks. He essayed
' Iris friends dial all bis exertions should be lisped to promote the
• interests of the Ward, and 'that any ewes. that might have
crept in during the period they wanted s beset; should he at-
t toked with vigour.
• 'lli inks being voted to the Lord Mayor, who complimented
the new Alderman, the Wardmote was dissolved.

Extract of a letter dated Rio de Janeiro, Jan. SO,
• 1843.—" Our squadron of four frigates returned
the other day from Monte Video, and sailed yesterp
day for Millie and Pernambuco, with suppliis.of
arms and about 600 volunteers from. the militia,
chiefly mulattoes, but tolerably good troeps.and well
• equipped: The command is intrusted to• an Ame-
rican, named...fewett, who commands. the largest
frigate. They are miserably off.for officers; neither
• Portugal or Brazil, has even one of note, and Brazil
' none she can trust. The first Lieutenant of the
Doris,. entered into their service the other day, and
as he was the first English officer they could engage,
they make much of him. He is made Captain—
they have given him a fine frigate of 38 guns, now
undergoing a thorough repair; but the paucity of
officers is•such, that Taylor is looking round among
the mates of merchantmen for his .future lieutenant !.
A 74 will betroady forsea- In sit weeks, as yet• an-
.
commissioned and no captain eligible. People sup-
pose, from the activity shown in getting their navy
firward without seeing here officers capable of tak-
ing the command, that they sum have some well-
foulided reason for expecting officers from foreign
countries. A code of regulations fur. the govern-
ment. of privateers, and letters of marque, has been
iteuett, but the system is bad, as they were rather
warmly told by the French Commodore, who ob-
served that they who had no navy should strive to,
form one, and not throw the prizes of war into the
hands of the only nation (the United Statist). who
would be the that ready to interfere in the quarrel.
I have not yet beard of any letter of marque being.
issued."
Lady Coehraneis making great preparations for
her departure fur South America. Her Ladyship
and suite, it is expected, will embark ut the course
s. ..of the ensuing week.

Stamps 6,217.318 6.200,000
Post-office
Taxes. 7.318.700 6474.853
isoellamso. 520,483 426,378
£31,385,843 £49,884,037
Deduct Increase
Decrease on the Year
Quarters ended Bth April
882. 1883. I
Customs 14.099.879 C 2.101,408,
8,386.798 8,636,879
Stamps.._ 1,888,346 .5,573,1154
Post-office.— 510,000 £70.000
Taxes 980.916 861,764
31W:enema. 63,621 76,190
•
110.905 11 "4hl
Deduct Increase
Decrease on theQuarter...l

TVI.IItO
1,361.7a6
locraazi Decrease.
9,329
200,319
• 14,492
16,000
119,152
13,478
3*, Mad
32,707
£295,56
