SPATE OF FRANCE.

The interesting pamphlet which we mentioned in our last'
as coming from the pen of Field Marshal Don J. S. CON-
TRERAS, late Governor of Tarragona, has since made its ap-
pearance. Its rontrnts have not disappointed our expecta-
tions. It abounds with the most uset.t information on the
real state of France and influence of the Government, and
the following remarks on the diameter, policy v2lropo-
larity of Buonaparte, on the new system of education he has
introduced throughout his empire, and its tendency, and on
the means of resisting and defeating his ambition, will be
found complntely to justify the opinion we have expressed of
its merits. It is unnecessary, however, to state, that we
totally differ the General on the policy of introducing
the Conscription amongst other nations as the most effective
means of counteracting the power of France. Born under
an arbitrary Government, it is not astonishing he should be
ignorant that there are States where the constitution shields
the people from every act of oppressisyn at home, and thus
gives them spirit to defend their liberties against tyrants
abroad.

" As it may be expected, he is detested, but be is obeyed.
The scourge in hand, he would make the very last French-
man march. He will defeat the Allies, as long as they shall.
err as to the means to be employed against him, as long as
they shall be the dupes of his perfidiousness, and to his ex-
traordinary and revolutionary measures, will oppose those
that are common and regular. I am far from wishing that
be should be imitated in the odious parts of his conduct.—
Justice and moderation• can alone lay the foundations of a
solid union. But let my voice be heard ! Let every foe to
that ever-reviving hydra, unite to effect its overthrow. The
whole universe will be in arms, it is true, hut the conflict
will only last one moment. That man's strength lies in. our
disunion and blindness. We possess a thousand means, and
there is nothing to do but to employ them.
" It is believed, and frequently asserted, that the Allied
Powers,, and all the legitimate Governments, can neither
adopt the same measures as BUONAP A RTE, nor employ the
same means to bring such large armies into the field. This
is a mistake. Is it impossible to exert that prodigious activity
which forms the basic of his successes'? Is it impossible to
introduce the conscription into other states besides France ?
Is it not established in Wlland, Italy, Biwa+ ia. and Saxony ?
Has it not been carried into Poland ? By Buonaparte, it is
true; but certainly what he has effected with lately con-
quered nations, by whom be is detested,- to enslave the
world, may be dope in loyal states by a legitimate, long
established, and beloved Government, to shield them from
slavery, and secure their independence. It would only be

rl. 110. CCICPT.
