. -"Mt ^9l

•Gi

••::

61

ly be.suppesed that those men would halt half-way,
who had gone so far as to advise the omission of all
prayers for the Queen in our churches and chapels ;
and it is, we think, a libel upon his Majesty to as-
sert that he wished to carry such a measure after
his legal advisers, the Attorney, solicitor, and Ad-
vocate General had declared to him that they could
find no grounds on which to justify tie introduc-
tion of such a measure. Every one knows how
alert Crown Officers have always been to curry con.
victions.against those who have been under the dis-
pleasure of their employers ; and our history fur-
nishes proofs that the " Learned Gentlemen," can
sometimes succeed in theireudeavours even against
the innocent; there is, therefixe, we are certain,
no ground fur the disgraceful assertion, and we
should gladly sec those punished who originated it ;
for at such a moment no friend to his country, its
government, or its welfare, would wish to render
unpopular a sovereign on his accession to the throne.

_ .
It wilt be seen by our Paril......iitary Report that
both linuses met on Thursday. Addressee of Con--
(dmire were voted, and a .Nlessuge from tin king
ortiered:tu be taken into eminichitation to night.—A •
Dis.sott,Tto:4 will cerlainly take place itiring the
present month, and the naw• Parliament will usson. •
We about the middle of April.

The following energetic address to the Sp:tnish
troops in tlntliiito,i,t has been • published by bunt
Quirrogn, one of the nit 7'40 tiefs •.
" Soldiers! placed at your head by the choice of the officer:
of the army, I shall speak to you with that frankness which
ought to exist batween ammanions in arms.
" Our Spain is on the verge of destruction, your ruin would
be coloplettsl by that of the country ; you were destined to death.
itsare for the purpose ..f releasing the Governnieut front. t ,e dread
in,pired by your courage, than to make a asuipait •of the
('Monies;--a thing a: tell is now became impossible. In the
mean time, your huniiii% remained in the most mere;leos slavery.
under a tyrannical and arbitrary Government. whiei. di-poses at
will of the properties, the 4MiiptilllCC. s
and the libcrti.s of the un-
happy Spaniards.
" Soldiers, this Government wa: about to destroy the nation.
aside's& by destroying itself. It was not possible any longer td
endure. its sway. Oa the one hand. violence and woskoess, an
no the WHIT, only indignation and contempt were provoked..
whilst. to rendes 41i11 nation happy. the Government ought to
inspire coafidenee. love. and respect.
" Soldiers# let us employ foe our welfare and that of our
countrymen. the arms which have soured the indepandenoe of
Me nation against the power of Bonsoarte ; the enterprize is
easy and glortousz.—Poes there exist a Spanish siddier who will
Oppose our views? No ! in the very rankir of those ..!tom the
may asiemble. you will find brothers whir will join
us; and if some base born miscreants should date...torn dwie
arms against you. let them perish as the satte.i,-s of tyranny
should do, unworthy of the name of Spaniards!
" Soldiers. I depend upon you; you are the wooly ebildrers
of the country. jus.ify yourselves as such. Union anti discipline
_..phials what I recommend to you. I shall have the ieisfaction
•of reasnmetssing those who may distinguish titer toeo : but if
any one forgets leis duty. ri shall prove that authority has 1104
been confided to me in vain. and that the energy of a govern.
went, which seeks good. is always superior to that of doilies,
o Soldiers, victory awaits our banners, and in her train br
eery and rewards which the country will lavishly bestow.
(Signed) ANTONIO QOM A(10.
" General in Chief of the Nauonal
" Head Quarters, at Sao Fernando, Jan. is LOS)"

We have sincere satisfaCtion in hearing that his
Mtjestv, with the munificence of a Sovereign, has
declared' his intention of fulfilling to the letter all
the intended bequests of the law king, his revered
Parent, though the settlement was not executed.
His late Majesty's intentions were fully set forth,
and though thr deed had not received the signature
and seal required by the law, the present King feels •
at they ought to be sacred to a Son and Successor.
A letter received from the Spanish main states; .
that there has been an action between the lnde--
pendent army, nodes General Bolivar, and the
Royalist advance of Morißo's army, when the latter
was driven on the stain body.
Monday Mr. Hill, one of his • Majesty% Messer,
gers, arrived at Viscount Cliaderatigh% office, .
with despatehee from Lord Stewart, atArienna.f.
A splendid silver cup mull:over, 1$ inches high,
with a suitable inscription thereon, was' presented to
Mr. John Brookes, pawnbroker, of. High street,
Bloomsbury, on Thursday last, for his successful
exertions in bringing to, issue a question of vital
importance, affecting the property and liberty of the
subkct, by the resistance he made to the assumed
right of the Bank to retain all notes which they
chose to pronounce to be forged, and charging with
felony any one who dared to resist them- 'Pie par-
ticulars of this case were laid betitra Parliament, in
a petition presented by Mr. Broughton, and fully
developed upon the trial bethre Lord Ellenborough
and a Special Jury, in the King's Bench, June .22,
1818.
'the Pavilion at Brighton is soon likely to change
hs name, as the first official art perthrined there by
his Majesty will, according to regal custom, consti•
tote it a Palace.
