t •
• 712

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

.

Vauban,
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1808.

fOLITIC.IL EVIL? Ts OP THE WANK.

Mr. SHAw, the Messenger, arrived on Friday morning
from Paris ; after delivering the answer returned by his
MaJEsTv's Ministers to the proposal of negotiation made
hy the EMPEROR of ltes•iiA and lioN a e.,tivrel from Erfurth.
Mr. SitAw is said to have been received by the French with
the Utmost cordiality ; and the people every where ex-
pressed the most earnest desire of peace. That they un-
fortunate wretches, leirrassed by Vie most revolting con-
seriptiou, which 4ars from the arms of the labourer and
manufacturer their strugglne; children, should entertain an
anxieus wish to Ve their pr.:Aent calainities cease, will be
easily credited. 84 how far their desires clash with the
ferocious ambition of BoN.,evirE, a very short time will
develope. We have already delivered our sentiments clearly
on the 'matter ; and %I euld ast,oon expect the possibility of a
reconciliation between the famished tiger and the trembling
victim 'noting under his paw, :u a sincere desire, on the part
of the Tyrant, to sacrifice bib ambition to the repose of
Europe. We may be mistaken ; would to flea: en we were.
We feel no other animosity to the man, that what his
crimes, his remorselcss ereelt!. , his infuriate ambition, and
his iirvelenting thicst of yerzeance against the much-injured
Spaniards inspire. We are actuated by no party-prejudice;
we strongly disclaim so unwarrantable a motive for our
• gnimoriity, We detest and reprobate him, because he in-
, jurei and oppresses every individual, who has the misfor-
time of writhing under his dekpotie lash. We distrust his
professions ; because we arc taught by an experience of the
calamities which accrued to those, who trusted most in his
honour and probity, that he embraces only to murder.—
We can attai:h no confidence in his conversion ; because he
made such frequent promises of reformation, which all
terminated, as Italy, Switverland, Prussia and Spain can,
to their misfortune, too strongly attest, in-an increase of
profligacy and amoral depravity. Such ak.e. our motives for
feeling an oncommou degree of anxiety and distrust, when-
ever gosAvARTE 1101(19 out to us his hand, in sign of re-
conciliation ; we involuntarily fix our e3:es on the other,
to see if it be ariess: with a poniard to stab us, should we
have the weakness to accept his perfidious embrace.
Mr. Sa4w was not (*irked iii Paris—and it is therefore
suppo4ed that a French Courier will be sent Ivith the reply.
This negotiation, and this sending of Couriers, are a most
inauspicious circumstance. Our Ministers, we have
tea39ll to llope,*tve as convinced of BONAPARTE'S perfidy
and insincerity, as we are. \V cannot, therefore, refuse
...
• them time justice to suppose, that their relaxation from their
former energy ha.; been occasioned in consequence of some
insidious (Jcr,tere f9r au exchange of prisoners ; and Willis
pe their Motive, whilst we regfct the embarrassing and
• . tectrlifying tiitinttion they nve !Oiled in, ye Cannot but ap-
. s
elitid every' fe‘Asible caul they my' wake, to extricate
oursiffering toiintry men from the horror of their Onfitie-
-10 . •r •
'bent. If thcy 't..c t 'en thee
Iv!it
. ticipiest bvsyescr. bopcicsi our pilt.spfct pf success,
C Pio 44 inclined lo .tcrihe to them the ep!ighicacd

r-

' ~

.

• • , •
Tilt NATIONAL RWISTER.

rcov. G.

policy, that they wish to deprive the enemy of every
plea for justifying his outrageous aggression against
thirteen millions of Spaniards and Portuguese. He will
deceive us ; and he has partly succeeded already in doie-
so ; for he has had the superlative art of embarrash-
, ing our Ministry in the intricate labyrinth of negocia-
tion ; the consequences of which can solely and exclusive-
ly turn to his advantage. He has promised A LEA-
AND ER to offer us peace; and he has had the ellion-
tery to tell his obsequious Legislature, that he is willing to
make sacrifice's, for the purpose of giving- peace to a hun-
dred millions of inhabitants which arc under his protectifm ;
and whilst the lacerated Continent anxiously waits for this
balsam, he hastens from the scene of negociation in order
to burn, devastate, and murder, beyond the Pyrenees.
Atrocious, unblushing., and remorseless hypocrite! Your
dissimulation may last too long for the happiness of null:-
kind ; but the time approaches rapidly, si hen the IDaSk
shall fall from thy hideous face, and the' world behold tiny
as the cruel, designing, artful villain.
BoNsrA furs: left Rambouillet on the 30th uli. for Bas -
wine ; and, before his departure, pledged himself to tin'
Legislative Body, that he was setting out for Spain to put
himself at the head of his army ; and, with the help of God,
to crown his brother in Madrid, and to plant his eagles
tine forts of Lisbon. Impious Ruffian ! to invoke the suc-
tion and assistance of Heaven for the most unprovoked and
atrocious aggression, ever undertaken by the most worth-
less and unprincipled of tyrants. Ht.manity, justice, reli-
gion, are employed as mere instruments to advance the
projects of an unjust, unfeeling, and irreligious I:surlier.
It is this revolting abuse of the most sacred principles,
which has nriade so many sceptics in religion, and so many
villains in society. We start back with horror, as often as
we ;died on the effects of this revolting depravity.
The worst and most impious men are generally most for-
ward to appeal to Heaven about the purity of their iuten-
tions, and the innocence of their designs,.

We insect the following Extract,from the Dutch Papers,
of BONA rAR E's Message to the Legislative Body:

EXTRACT OT. THE 3TE%SAGE OF HIS INITRRIAL MAJEVIV

THE LEGISLATIVE BODY, ON THE 2,:oth OiCTOISFIt.

" Russia and Denmark, are united with me against Englaud.
"America has preferred to renounce Commerce and the Sea:,
rather than to recognise slavery.
" I set oft' in a fow days to put myself at the head of my
army, and, with the !trip of God, to crown in Nlldriti the K'"!-
of Spain, and to plant n:v eagles on, the forts of Lislmp.
" I cannot do other than congratulate myself mi the stntima.
of the Princes of the Confedei at ion of the Chine.
" Switzerland daily feels more and more the beheliti of the
Act of Mediati4m.
" The people of Italy give me only new subjects of satislar

lion.
" Th.! Emperor of Russia and myself have had an intersielf
at Erfurth. Our first thought has been a thought of re' t •
We have even resolved to snake borne sacrifices the stoner
obtain, if it be possiblee, for the hundred millions of
men ‘s Lion
wet represent, the blessings of a tniiitime peace. Nit? are of thz
same apd invailabri united birth for peace and Wir."
linother letter states, that Napoleon, in his ikthlre,q, all.'
giving a cursory view of the date of the French Linpire io it-
;pee! to itf ioteruld situation, sp. ealcs of its gxternal rattiow

• ,

f ,v 4'

K.
