Frain the LONDON G.IZETTE, Tuesday, Mardi 18.

INT F. MIIF.II returned to ‘CTTC in PA RI. IA ME NT.
St. Ntawes-1. l'itillimore, 11.1..1). vice F. Horner, Esq. deceaied.

BANKRIVECIES ENLARGED.
G. 11. MArisiten, of Chester, carpenter. from April Ito April 29.
----- -•--

BNNKltilrrcy SCPERSEDED.

_:-real, stone-mason.
BANKRUPTS.
Ilitoorr.s W. of Paternoster-row, silk-manufacturer, March 29,
April 1. 29, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Blacklow, Frith-street.
W t. t. s: r W. of Leicester. draper, April 10, 11, 29, at Leicester.
Arts. Borley and Co. I.incoln's-inn.
HAND Y M. of Huddersfield, liquor-merchant, March 26, April 5,
29, at Huddersfield. Arts. Exley and Co. Furnivars-inn.
CILEE R. of Plymouth Dock, linen-draper, April 3,5, 20, at Ply
mouth Dock. Arts. Thule and Co. Chancery-lane.
CUARLETON J. F. of Newcastle upon Tyne, ship-owner, March
26, April 9,29. at Newcastle. Atts. Bell and Co. Cheapside.
Bnoww E. and T. II t NDT.E, of Blackburn, grocers, April 10, 11,
29. at Preston. At. Mr. Wilson, Grevillc-street.
HARRIS J. of Worcester. baker, April s, 9, 29, at Worcester. Att.
Mr. Platt. New Boswell-court.
PLAISTOW J. and G. of Liverpool, coopers. A ril 10, 11, 29, at Li-
verpool. Attt, air. Windle, John-street, B thrd-row.
I.ancA9roa J. of Thornhill. Yorkshire, woollen-cloth-manufac
ewer. March 27. 31, at Kirkheaton, April 29, at Huddersfield.
Att. Mr. Battye, Chancery-lane.
Mottatow D. of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, rope-maker. March 29.
3i, April 29, at Bristol. Att. Mr. Bigg, Southisnipton-buildings.
DIVIDENDS AT GUII.DITALI—
H. I.ark and J. Woodhead, of Essex-street, navy agents, April 15.
T. P. Hillary, late of Mark-lane, merchant, April 12.
T. Nias and J. White. of Old Brosd-st. insurance-brokers, April 23.
J. limy, of Mark-lane, wino merchant, April 22.
J. Irwin, of Church-court, Clement's-lane. merchant, April 22.
J. Coles, of West Smithfield, banker, April 12.
W. T. Robins, of Kent-street, printer. March 22.
S. and H. S. Crane, of Stratford, merchants, April 12.
E. ‘Vilson, late of Hull, draper. April 15.
T. Robinson, of Robertabridge. brewer, April 19.
DIVIDENDS IN THE COUNTRY.
F.. Williams, of Plymouth Dock. iron founder. April 14.
11. May. of Southwol.l, sugar refiner, April 16.
A. Ilardnum. of Bolton, muslin minufacturer, April S.
3. Collier, of He. ford, cotton manufacturer, April 8.
1.. Beaton, of Heaton, muslin manufacturer, April Pc
J. Ilodtcson and Co. of Birmingham. merchants, April 23.
J. Kendrich, late of TOddington, innholder, April 15.
.1. Hewctson. of Wigton, innholder, April 10.
G. Shotter, of Reading. upholder, April 9.
R. 11. Starrett. of Cannock, innkeeper. April 9.
.1. M'atle. of Burntwootl, tanner. April 9.
B. Stoekley, of Ivetsey Rank, innkeeper. April 9.
'f. Jefferies, of Hanley, grocer, April 111.
CERTIFII'ISTES, Arno B.—lt. Branchwnite, of Pillgwenlly,
coal inerbliant—l. Taylor, of Heath Charnock, cotton manutlicuirer
—R. Constable. of Wandsworth, carpenter—R. Jupe, jun. of Castle •
street, lace dealer—'W. Hod, Burton in Kendal saddler—A. North-
cote, of Lloyd's Coffee-boo:4r, underwriter—J. Osborn, of York-
row, Kennington. oilman—W. Wilson, of Fulham, duller in music.
J. Appleton, of North Shields, ship owne.—E. Green of Dartfunl.
linen diaper.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
Etherington and Miclefieltl, of Dartford innkeepers.
James and Co. of Bristol, secdsmen.
Bachelor and Palmer, of Shoreditch, coach smiths,
Butler and Co. of Shadwell, cheesemongers.
Fraser and Davidson. of Miramichie.
Stevens and Fart:brother. of Long-acre, shoemakers.
Edge and Doswell, of King-street, dress makers.
Blake and Whittle, of Semion.ldne, shawl manufactUrerS.
Parkinson and Curtis, of Liverpool, leather dealers.
Barnes and Rahn, of Chester, lead merchants.
Norway and Co. of St. Uolumb. hankers.
Haslain and Pilling, of Harwood Ice, cotton manufacturer&
Evans and Co. of I ligher Slime Side. coal dealers.
Mogg and Barrett, of Winctinton, tile makers.
Turner and Co. of Birmingham, manufacturers.
Pierce and Morris, of Hover, manufacturers.
Fossett and Co. of Thames-stmt, lightermen.
Nortlimore and Oliver. of Plymouth. sail makers.
J. and r.. Ambler, of News:tie-market. isouttre salesmen.
Burn and and Lindland, of Gibraltar, merchants.
J. and F. Treleaven. of Falmouth.
Ilenning Shand of Villiers.streo, patent leg makers.
.1. and F. !Hltman. of Arterclitre, refiners.
Ilarkness and Wilson, 14 Bow Churl-yaril, linen fetters.
Lucas and Ce. of Thstout.stteet, whiutingers.
Whitaker and (:o. of Oldham, corm spinner..
It. and R. Taylor, of Newport, suarons.
..Marfteitl and Co. of Glasgow.
It. and W. Dawson, of Itigh.street. Southwark, leather senors.
111ingwordi mid Park. of I.ittle Rowland. cluteienitatgers.
S. soul T. Barlow, of Watling-street, merchants.
Stringer and ( beswas.r. of LicerpooL,
gore and Clarke, of Liverpool, t wipers.
Beaumont and flay, of Newgate-street, dress makers.
Warren oral I tellman, of King-street, bakers.
Barlow and Nirton, of liread-street. warehousemen.
Slit:pliant acid Triode?. of Ilath, haters.
.1. and IL l'ear.ists. of Kendal, tanner%
I and Houston, of Manchester, cotton spinners.
Wallis and Holmes, of Lyon's-inn, navy agents.
Cotten and Want, of North Wraxhall, paper manufacturers.

M. Tv aNER. Of Ci

From the LONDON G. 1% Erl'E, Saturday, llarch
BANKRUPTCIE:4 Bret RSIWEI).
W. il.tiners, of Liverpool, merchant.
T. 11,i T. I. 0 W.% Y. Of Briddg ater. dro
millrve.
S. Wilkie, of CObtebbey. NO7 , er.
IiANKI;;;I'TS.
NOYES IL of Bnlford, Wiltsivir:, pap 'r-maker. March 28,29. May
3, at New Sarum. Atts. Messrs. Millen., Temple.
EtHEitim:ro, of Southampton, hoot-maker. April to, tt, May 3,
at Soathatupton. Atts. NVillis :mil Co. Warntovii-eourt.
TAY 1.011. A. of North Shields, !,ail-inaker, April 7 11, May 3, at
Tiaanouth. Att. Mt. Watt, Cushion-court, ltrUitd-stsect.

BREEZE W. of Hanley, Stalfinalshirc. potter, April 11, 12, May 3.
at (imit'. Att. Mr. Wilson, 'Temple.
it.su ams 1.. of Craven-buildings. Drury-lane, glass-merchant.
March 25, April 8, May 3, at Guildhall. Att. Charter, Cook's,-
court, Carey-street.
PAXTON W. of Gialtlington. Oxford. baker, Aprtl 10, 11, May 3.
at Ileildinhann. Mt. air. Chilton, Chancery-lane.
PEARSON J. of Portsmouth, draper, April 7,8, Mny 3', at (:e• ports
Attu. Briggs, Essex-street.
Mona is I). of Tenby, Pembroke, rope-maker, March 29, 31. :May
5, at Bristol. Att. Mr. Bigg, Southampton-buildings.
Itaita S. of Ileddington, Wiltshire, fanner, April 7. 8, May 5; at
Devises. Att. Mr. Nethersole, Essex-street.
NIATTIIF.IVS J. of Haretiehl, shopkeepa. March 2.1, .Ipril 5, May
3, at Guildhall Mt. Mr. Wood, :Richmond-street, Soho.
'late Now S. of 'Crafalgar-square, mariner. March 29. April 5.
May 5, at Guildhall. .'sits. Courteen and Co. W.dbrnok.
Pa totoss H. of Swansea, imn-master, Alarch 29, April 5, May 3,
at Guildhall. Mts. Briggs and t 'o. Es.-en.street.
PittLI.IPS J. of I'mcliurch-auildings. watch-imnufartitrer, April 1.
5. May 3, at Guildhall. Atts Harvey and Co. St. HeLm's.pt-ce.
ro.rr Et.i. It. of IDukeatreet, altuichest. r-square, painter, March.
25, April 5, May 5, at (kali'. Att. Mr. l'ear..eratern,mt •r-row.
BIN lox .1. of E4w,rd.stroet. ironmonger. .apiil, I. 5, May 3. at
Guildhall. Mt. Mr. Sherwin, Great limes-street, Bain-Jai-low.
11EN Rig II ES J. of Cheat ..nhani. jeweller. March 25, Aprils, May S.
at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Hunter. alillaiim-street.
Great"TO E. of Liverpool, toss-dealer, April 16, 17. Muy 3. at
Liverpool. Atts. Messrs. Blackatock and Bunce, Temple.
ST I: .1. of Ea ,t Stoaehouse, Devonshire, shoe-maker, Am it 2,3,
May 4, at Plymouth. Att. Mr. Walker, New Inn.
BIt.sULLY S. of Itrani..ll. Chester, house-keeper, April 7. 9, May 3,
at Sualport. Atts. Edge and Co. Norfolk-street.
Cu EAR .1. of Altaingham, Chester, miller, April 9, 14, May 3, at
Manchester. Mts. Milne and l'arry, Temple.
HEARN .1. of Penzance, ironmonger, April 9, 10, May 3, at Bri,tut.
Atts. Poole and Co. Gray's Inn--quare.
Ga LEY J. and MI. (;ALE Y, of Birmingham, brush-makers, March
It, April 1, May 3, at Birminghtm. Att. Mr. Chilton, Chancery-
lane.
TIIOMAS P. of afitre.court. merchant, March 20, April 5, May 3.
at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Hurst. Milk-street, Cheapside.
DAVIES .1. late of Poppin's-court, stereotype-thunder, April a, 5,.
May 3, at Guildhall. Att. Mr. Topping, Greville-struat.
DIVIDENDS AT GUILDIIAI-L.
W. Nettlefold, of Dartford, butcher, April 8.
E. Blaeltford, of Denmark-street, victualler, April 22.
S. Keene, of Upper North-place, upholder, March 25.
J. Thompson and Co. of Billiter.square, insurance-brokers, July 5..
D. Richards, of Jewin-street, woollen draper, April 12.
M. Maegaie. ofJennyn-street, milliner. April 22.
J. Fean. of Parliament-street, draper, April 26.
G. Ansell, of Carahalton, calico-printer, April 12.
R. Collis jun. of Raeford, watch maker, April 19.
A. Dalzell, of Great Alie-street, merckant, April 19.
S. Best, of Norwich, npholder, April 29.
J. Greaves, of Fish-street-hill, leather. seller. April 12.
J. Ansley, of Star-court, Bread-street, merchant, April 15.
J. and G. Outhwaite, of Pancras-lane, merchants. April 19.
P. Berthon and Co. of Cross-street. merchants, April 26.
T. and E. S. Foster, of Yalding, maltster, April 5.
J. Annetta, of Salisbury, linen draper. April it.
DIVIDENDS IN THE COUNTRY.
T. Springett. of Wickham-market, miller, April 18.
J. Spikins, of Boston, timber merchant, April 12.
T. Pattinson, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, grocer, April 21.
F. Webster, of St. Austell, Cornwall, linen draper, Aped 14.
J. Gidney, of Norwich, coach maker, April 18.
N. Ediss, of Pintoes, victualler, April 15.
CERTIFICATES, mAittif Kethero, of Mandel Lacy.
Herefonlshire, miller—T. Parfet, of Bath, mason—T. I.ea, of I.t.
rer• mooey-scrivener—R. Humphrys, late of the Old Jewry,
tay or-0. S. Grey, of Sweeting's-rents, Combill, tavern-keeper—ti.
Smith, of PentUeton, I.ancashire, dyer—J. Garner, of Worcester,
shoemaker—W. Geyton. of Bideford, sliopkeeix.r--W. Renalds,
of
'catlcaster, flax-dresser—J. Day and .1. Spratswell, of Tavistock-
street. Covent-garden, d •T. Holt, late of Godahning, cabinet-
maker—J. white, of Bri estate. Devtmsbire. horse-dealm—C. I'. S.
Itodicti, of the NI inories, insurance-broker—W. and W. S. Timbrell,
• of Grange-walk, Bermondsey, leather-factors--H. Laugher, of Bir-
' mingliani, button-maker,

Sr. DAY.—Monday the Anniversary
Festival of the Benevolent Society of St. Patrick wai
celebrated at the City of London Tavern, Bishopagate-
street, according to annual custom. About to o'clock
the children supported by this Society assembled in their
school-house in St. George's Fields, and walked in pro-
cession to the City of London Tavern, headed by their
masters ; and on their arrival were ushered into two
large apartments, were they were regaled with plenty
of roasted beef and plum-pudding. At half-past six o'clock
the company (nearly 100) sat down to dinner, Y.Ansl
Castlereagh in the Chair, in which he was supported by
the Marquis of I leadford, the Earls of Blessington and
Darnley, and Viscount De Vescy. Ater dinner the
children walked round the room in procession, carrying
a standard, with the full-length likeness of St. Patrick.
On the departure of the children several loyal and ap-
propriate toasts Avon given, and songs sung ; and
the evening was spent with the most convivial bar-
mony.
Tim LATE DUEL BETWENN LINAT.SHINVI AND COUPROV.
—The patties tired together, when Lieut. Hines received his
antagonist's bali in hix loins; he instantly fell, and was con-
veyed to a house close by Ridgway. As soon as the news
reached Plymouth, Mrs. Hines, who hail lately been brought
to bedrit 1111 l ediately repaired to the spot with surgical assist-
ance, to attend on her wounded husband: hut, we ate sorry
to add, he died on the folloWing Jay, leaving a widow and
two small childrin to lament his prom:time death. A Cord-
ner's inquest has since been held, mail brought in a verdict of
witfal .der against Lieut. Cotultov, his ant kl ZOU st, and
Mr. A. Stetxatt, woo Nilt•Dled the i:Tr:l4rd to the field.
There was nothing to impiicate Mr. initit:ri's second, whose
name the Jiiry tutu ii not discover. 'floe tituel was fought ar
the short distance of nine paces. !Si.tw 010d:iodine the se-
verity of the wound. it is reniaikahl, that the deceased did
not but, with a little assistahee, he wall 4 to.a gig in
waiting, and on arriving at the London lon, Ply !laptop, ex Ca
walked up stairs to the bed-room, by merely leaning on the
shoulders of two persons, one on each side of him. Being
asked why It hail not fallen, he brave ly replied, that it re-
quited a goad knock to put him down, and that he was not
a white feather. He spoke in the highest terms 4 his ad-
versary. Such traits of firmness and magnanimitylmake us
regret the 'nor" this fres' sacritice on the shrine of false
hollow; in which are unhappily involved the fat's of a %sl-
am dad two children, who have to lament the *40;11,0) toss
of 0, it m00r.,1 protector, as well as the peace of mind anti
tlitore pro:pert% of the tither persons concerned in this me-
laucholy bunnies.

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LONDON :
MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1817.

The debates in Parliament this week do not present
any striking features of interest, if we except the mo-
tion of Lord Holland, respecting the treatment of Bun-
Impute. Our readers will find some strictures on this
subject, in another part of our Journal of this day.
Some penions affect to feel mighty indignant, that
Lord Holland's motion should not have been met.pre•
eisely in the manner his Lordship and the friends of
the Ex-Emperor wish. Now, without the production
of all tha papers alluded to, surely the speech of Earl
Bathurst may be allowed to merit quite as much credit
as the writing of Count Montholon.
The itinerant reformers from Manchester, appear to
be returning to their homes and to reason. We wish
them sate back to both.

Lord Exmouth has been in constant attendance at
the Admiralty for these few days past, and 'it is in con-
sequence rumoured that circumstances have occurred
to render another visit to Algiers absolutely necessary.
No official accounts have been received from any of
our own cruizers or Consuls in the Mediterranean to
occasion any preparations of the description above al-
luded to ; but we arc sorry to learn, tint the accounts
received at l'aris, by the way of Marseilles, afford but
too much ground to fear that the Dey of Algiers has
re-commenced his savage wa►fare against the subjects
of the Christian States of Europe.
A report has just reached town, that Sir Sidney
Smith has received advices at Ptris that two Swedish
ships, I;ound to Marseilles, have been taken in the Me-
diterranean by the row gullies of the Algerines, and
and the crews sent into slavery ;—that English, French,
and Spaniards have been liberated, but those of other
nations have suffered the most cruel tortures—having
even their tongues cut out.

We yesterday received three days Paris papers to
Thursday last inclusive; but they have but little in.
serest.

The five per cents. were on Wednesday 60 f. 50 c..
An interesting case is spoken of as about to be
*ought before the tribunals at Paris. The Marquis
de Beauvaisy while in the colonies, received accounts
from Europe of the,-dcath of hi a•lady. He afterwards
married, and had a %daughter by this second marriage:
but other accounts soon reached him which induced
him to believe that his first wife was still alive: lie
embarked without delay, to ascertain the truth ; anti
on arriving at Havre, found in fact his wife alive, with
a young son she had rite to him. A decree of the
Parliament annulled the second marriage, but, recog-
nised the daughter born of that marriage as legitimate.
Young Eugene Beauvais, her brother by the first mar-
riage, died at the age of 14 ; and Mademoiselle Beau-
vais succeeded to her father's property. 1n.1814, how-
ever, a -Marquis de Beauvais appeared. He pretended
that a block of wood had been buried in his stead, and
that he was the real Eugene Beauvais. He presented
himself to the Marchioness, whom she called his mother,
but she refused to acknowledge him. He persists, not-
w:thstanding, in demanding his fortune. The Marquis
sio Beauvais is a Colonel in the army, and a Knight of
St. Louis.

Extract of a letter :—" PARIS, Mitten 15.—A new
pamphlet, entitled La Coalition et la France, was seiz-
cd yesterday evening. This act of authority` took place
at the requisition of• the King's Attorney General,
who specifies, that .he had received a diplomatic. note
from the Due de Richelieu, containing the official com-
plaints of the British and Austrian ambassadors on the
violent attacks directed against their Governments in
this pamphlet. In virtue of the law passed during the
present session, the printer or author must be prosecu-
ted within eight days:. and the representatives of the
above-mentioned Powers will, it is thought. appear by
their lawyers in Court as the aggrieved aad complain-
ing party. The Duke of Wellington .quits l'aris the
18th for Maubeuge. The Sons of St. Patrick intend
celebrating their tutelar Patron on the 17th: the Marquis
was invited, but his Grace is unable to attend. The
party is to be cotnpow..l of Irishmen : a few exceptions
/save been made in favoarofGeaual•Sir Edward Barnes,
Colonel Harvey," &c.

We have also received a series of !trusses Papers
to the 13th instant. ThCy are filled with complaints
against an min.:nal Tax or Impost, which the Govern.
went has thought fit to lay on all g(xxle entering or
leaving. the Port of Antwerp. From the view -which
the Journalists take. it seems to he most opprmive ;
hnt there is also an Anti Dutch spirit v:ssible in their
lueoloarion.

A letter 1.1011 Orleans, dated the 13th instant, an•
nounces the arrest of a Land..of 30 robbers, between .
tat city and Ikungrigs 91, tha.Porilev.ta. road. This.'

THE NATIONJ

band had thr some time past infested that route, and at-
tacked the deligences and douriers.
The Spanish Govern:Tit at has again issued a Decree,
enlarging the time allowed to holders of foreign cotton
goods to sell them. They arc now allowed the whole
of the present year. Those goods which they wish to
export must pay a duty of ti per cent. ; but all the goods
unsold or unexported at the end of the year, are to be
placed at the disposal of Government. There is a great
vacillation in the conduct of the Spanish Sovereign on
this subject.
German journals have been received: they relate only
a few such incidents, natural, moral, and pa/afield, ns
may be expected to occur in the ordinary course of the
world. The weather has been foul and tempt stuons iu
various parts. In Wirtemberg the public differences
are becoming somewhat more tranquil. The people in
Prussia, and also in other parts, arc entering into cont.
binations against the use of British manufactures.

An Austrian frigate, of 36 guns, is completely
equipped at Trieste. She is intended to carry an Aus-
trian Ambassador to the Brazils, but several Austrian
merchant vessels will sail under her convoy. This is
the first vessel of her class which has belonged to
Austria.

The city of Ikeda was in great danger on.. the 4th
inst. of being burned in reins, in consequence of the
explosion of a powder magazine where the cartridges
were escaped the fire ;- the damage would have been
otherwise incalculable.

The Congo sloop of war is arrived at Deptford. Se-
veral huge cases, containing the natural productions of
-Africa, collected in the late expedition to the Congo,
have been sent to Sir Joseph Banks, for the purpose of
being assorted in their mpective classes : many of them
arc of a kind hitherto unknown, and the whole will
shortly be submitted to the inspection of the public.
The Montreal papers of the Bth ult. ink ntion, that'
articles of impeachment have been pr,!sented 'against
two judges of the capital of Canada, for molversationf
injustice, and oppression. The names of the judges arc,
Monk, the chief, and Charles Foucher, one of the puisue
judges.

We have received New York and other American
Papers to the 23d of February. They announce the
election of Mr. Monroe as President, in the room of
Mr. Madisson, whose period of service has expired.—
The new _at has distinguished himself as an able
diplomatist, having conducted all the great negociatiens
which America has entertained with the States of Eu-
rope tor the last twenty years. He is generally under-
stood to be more moderate in his principles than his pre-
decessor : and has stood more aloof; we have reason to
believe, from the fatal predilection, evince by too many
of the American Republicans fur Buonaparte and all his
measures, right or wrong. So far, therethre, he is un-
cuntaminated in the eves of the present Sovereigns of
Europe, and his conduct will be viewed with less jea-
lousy, and suspicion. He is not, however, of the Fede-
ralist, or liberal Party, who arc understood to be most
attached to British interests, because they have not yet
forgotten what they owe to their British origin, and
English laws and manners.—Mr. Tompkins is the new
Vice President.

Letters dated the 27th of December, from New Or.
leans, confirm a report mentioned in the American
Papers, of an important battle having been fougl.t be-
tween the Mexican Independents and the Royalists.
The action is said to have taken place on the road from
Mexico to Vera Crux, and in the neighbournood of the
strong position of Puente del Rey.. There, n convoy
going down wader an escort of 2000 men was attacked
by the Patriot General, Guadalupe Victoria; who,
after a smart action, captured a million of dollars, and
made 600 prisoners.. The corps of Kentucky-men,
armed with rifles, and who have for some time been
flocking to join the Mexican standard, are said to have
greatly distinguished themselves on this occasion.

The following paragraphs, extracted from New York
Papers give but. small encouragement for emigration to
'America :

" There are 417 insolvents now advertising in this
State for the benefit of the Act ; IG3 of than are be-
tiire the Recorder in this city."—Nen, lurk, Ecb.

"New Soup-house Franklin-street, near the Arsena:.

" This forenoon 5979 have been fed with soup, with
which, ut the same time, each...has received a proportion
of bread. The csmtributions this dad• have fallen fir
short of the expences."—Midem.

Fresh advice readied town on Frilay from Canton
tc•the 25th of last November, bringing down the intel-
ligence one we-I: later than that wl-ich had previously
come to land, aid the purport of which is already in
lioss.l.sion of our readers.
It appears, that on the 24th of November the embnal
.had not yet returned to Canton, though it was looked
for from day to tl.sy. We are happy to be able to state,
that our trade had 'not experienced any interruption in
consequence of t'tose untoward events from which it
was too natural to surmise, that consequences unfit-
vourable to British interests would directly' or indi-
rectly. tidlaw4 The. General-Hdwitt and Blikazras.
