JULY 10.

!a-
is-
he

FOE
Er.
all

all r
ub

blic
ad
If kb*

bed
din

I IT

feral

;11,'e
Bled
rticy
p)rt
thit

ood

n the
Cts

THE NATION

bas arrested her Monarchs—obliged them to a forced and mani-
festly void abdication and renunciation; has behaved with the
same violence towards the Spanish Nobles whom he keeps in his
power—has declared that he will elect a King of Spain, the
most horrible attempt tints is recorded in history—has sent his
troops into Spain, seized her fortresses and her capital, and scat-
tered his troops throughout the country—has committed against
Spain all sorts of assassinations, robberies, and unheard-of cruel-
ties; and this has been done will) the most enormous ingratitude to
the :wry tees which the Spanisd Nation has rendered France, to the
friendship it has Baum' her, thus treating it with the most dread-
ful perfidy, fraud and treachery, such as was never committed
against any Nation or Moisarch, by the most barbarous or ambi-
tious King or People. RE has in fine declared, that he will tram-
ple down our Monarchy, our fundamental Laws, and bring
alma the raid .if our Holy Catholic Religion.—The only re-
nted," therefore fur such grievous ills, which are so nian;fest to
all Es rope, is iu war, which we declare against him.
In the name, therefore, of our King, Ferdinand the Seventh,
and of all the Spanish Nation, we declare War by Land and Sea
against the Emperor Napoleon the First, and against France;
we are deteratiLed to throw off her domination and tyranny, and
command all Spaniards to act hostilely against her, to do her all
possible damage according to the laws of war, or place an em-
hare,o upon all French ships in our ports, and all property, and
effects, in IT hatever part of Spain the) may be, whether belong-
ing to the government, or to the individuals of that Nation. In
the same manner we command, that no embarrassment, nor mo-
lestation, be done to the English Nation, nor its Government,
nor its ships, property, or effects, nor any individual of that
Nation. We declare that there shall be open and free commu-
nication with England; that we have contracted, and will keep
au armistice with her; and that we hope to conclude a durable
and lasting peace.
Moreover, we protest, we will not lay down our arms till the
Emperor Napoleon the First has restored to Spain our King.
Ferdinand the Seventh, and the rest of the Royal Family ; has
respected the sacred rights of the nation, which he has violated,
and her liberty, integrity, and halt pendence. With the same
%ntis!estanding and accordance with the Spanish Nation. We
t amniand that the present solemn Declaration he printed, posted,
and circulated among all the people and provinces of Spain and
America, that it may he known in Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Given In the Royal Palace of Alcazar at Seville, this etb of
June,
By Order of the Supreme Junta of Government,
MANUEL MARIA AGUILAR, Sec.
JUAN BAUTISTA PARDO, Sec.

.11, REGISTER.

4-34'
•
_

and even the holy religion in which we ar: ;mice& might
ac-
eomp;vtty y ours, by which a barbarous people ro.igiit consummate
their own triumph, and accomplish the slavery of every nation
nn Europe—.our loyalty, our honour, our justice, could snot sub-
mit to such flagrant atrocity. We have broken our chains—let
us then to action—vs e have armies, he have chiefs, and tire uni-
versal cry of Spain is, ice will die ire defence of cur eustrat, but
ere will take care that these infamous enemies shall die with, us.—
Come, then, ye generous Portuguese, unite with Spain to die is
&timer of your country—her banners expert you, they will re-
ceive you as brethren infamously oppressed. The cause of Spain
and of Portugal is the same—distrust not our troops—their
wishes are the same as your own, and you may reckon upon
their courage and their strength as part of your security.
You have among yourselves the object of y our vengeance—
obey not the authors of your misfortune—attack them —lnev are
out a handful of miserable panic-: truck men, humiliated and
conquered already by the perfidy and cruelties which they have
committed, and which have covered then) with disgrat e in the
eyes of Europe and the World ! Rise then in a hotly. hut
avoid staining your honourable hands with crimes, for sour de-
igrn is to resist them and to de-surly theut—our united of
will do for this perfidious nation ; and Portugal, Spain, nay all
Europe. shall breathe or die free and like men.
Portuguese--Y our country is not in danger—it is already
gone—unite, unite, and fly to restore and to save it. •
Sevi:le, May JO, 1808.
By directinu of the Supreme Junta of Government,
DUN o AN MUTIST A Esret.t.gu, Sre. I°.
DUN J e. 411 B 4 u cost., r.oturno, Ser.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE Of LORDS.

MONDA II Y 4.

ritonoG trioN.

The Lann rirAscELLon addressed the following Speech to
the Alembers of both Houses t f Pal liano:nt

" Lona; AND GENTLEMEN,
" We have it in command from his Majesty to evp7.ess to von
" the great satisfaction w Welt he derives from being eatable& by
" puttiv, an end to the present Session of Parliament, to tevini-
" nate the laborious attendance which the public business has
required of you.
"•The measure which you have adopted for the improvement
" of the military force of the country, promises to key the fowl-
" dation of a system of internal defence cmisienily useful, and
" peculiarly adapted to the exigencies of these times.
" Thr sanction which you have given to those measures of
" defensive retaliation, to which the violent nitacks of the cue-
my, upon the commerce and resources of this kingdom tom-
" pelted his Majesty to resort, has becu highly satisfactory to
" his Majesty.
" His Alkiesty.doubts not that in the result the enemy will be
" convinced of the impolicy of persevering in a systvm which
" retorts upon himself, in 'o much greater proportion, those es its
" which he endeavours to indict upon this country,
et Ot,iTLEMES OF THE HOI•sE OP COMMONS,
" Me are commanded by his Mtkiesty to return his most hearty
" acknowledgments for 'the cheerfulness and liberillity with
" which the necessary Supplies for the current year have been
" provided.
" His Majesty directs us to assure you, that he participates
in the satisfaction with which you must have contemplated
" the flourishing situation of the revenue and credit of the coon-
" try, notwithstandingg the continued pressure of the and
" he einigrasulates you upon having been enabled to provide fur
" the exigencies of the public service, with so small an addition
"to the public burdens. .
" His Majesty commands us to thank you for has in„ enabled
" lota to snake goOd his engagements with his Allies; and to ex-
" press to ytni the particular gratification it hien he liv.s derived
" from the manner in which you have provided for the I.stab-
" lishinent of his Sister, her Royal ifighuess the Ducheas of
" Brunswick.

" MY lAIRD4 AND GENII cm ff,
" MAjesly has great satisfaction in infairstlm you. that,
" notwithstanding the forion4able Coufetieracl united Pgalust
" his Ally the King of Sweden, that Sovereign piqw% eise.:. ith
" imitated vigour amt constancy, to or-tint:On the hora:m. and
" independeme of Is Crown, and that Ito eft'uft has hat.% want-

wW.

•
4

a

I

1
