THE NATIONAL ItEGISTEit

ARRIVAL OF TIER MAJESTY
•
AT BRANDENBURG HOUSE.
. On Thursday morning the neighbourhood of Port-
man-street presented an appearance of the greatest
bustle; as early as ten o'clock persons begun to ar-
rive from all quarters, and tale their station opposite
the house where her Majesty resided. At about two
o'clock the street was perfectly impassable, from the
immense concourse of pedestrians and a number of
carriages and other vehicles, which had taken up
their stations in the street for the purpose of wit-
nessing her Majesty's departure. A •little after two
o'clock her Majesty made her appearance at one of
the upper windows of the house, and was received
with immense cheers; ber Majesty came out also in
the course of the day on the balcony, and was re-
ceived as usual by the people with loud cheers.
At four o'clock a chariot and four fine horses,
with outriders dressed in splendid new liveries of
scarlet, arrived at her residence. In a few minutes
her Majesty mounted the chariot, and was followed
by Lady Ann Hamilton, Doctor Lushington, and
Alderman Wood—the chariot immediately drove off
at a smart pace amidst the enthusiastic cheers of
the people.
At about half past four the procession made its
appearance at Hammersmith, and drove on. When
at the first Turnpike, at Hammersmith, the parish
officers met the procession, who were decorated
with white favours, and escorted the procession into
Hammersmith. When it arrived there, the church
bells struck up a merry peal, and the guns com-
mence firing amidst the immense cheers of a vast
multitude of people who were 'flocking towards
the new residence of her Majesty, who arrived there
a few minutes before five o'clock. The Gentlemen
who preceded the coach drew up in a line on each
side the gateway, and waved their hats as the coach
passed. The gates were instantly closed, and the
immense multitude gradually dispersed.
Were we to notice the different preparations which
were made for rejoicings near and in Hammersmith,
it would fill a column, the streets leading into the
village were decorated and hung with beautiful
flowers twisted with ribbons, and placed like festoons.
The houses were all filled with Ladies, which con•
siderably enlivened the beauty of the scene, they
all wore white ribbons, and waved their handker-
chiefs as her Majesty passed. The children of the
Hammersmith Schools were all drawn up,in a line•
on the churchyard wall, who were dressed in their
Sunday clothes, and who seemed highly pleased at
the amusing scene before them; the road was lined
with genteelly dressed persons of both sexes, and
several oarriages,filled with personages of distinction,
who waved their handkerchiefs, and displayed every
demonstration of respect to her Majesty.
Her Majesty looked remarkably well, and was
splendidly dressed in a state coloured robe, and a hat
and plume of feathers of the same colour. Her Ma..
jesty bowed most gracefully to the people.
We are not aware of a single accident occurring.
The inhabitants of the Mother Parish of Fulham,
unwilling to be behind their Hamlet in testifying
their duty, loyalty, and attachment to their Queen,
not only welcomed her arrival on Thursday with a
merry peal, but hoisted their flag, to celebrate the
honour of her becoming a resident among them.

There has been a long correspondence between
the Queen and his Majesty's Ministers on the subject
of accommodating her with a town residence.
Ministers, it is said, express greet willingness to
meet her Majesty's wishes in any manner that ap-
peared practicable. • A Ministerial paper says, " to
those proposed by his Majesty's Ministers, excep-
tions have been taken by the Queen, while those
demanded by her Majesty do not appear to be
within the control of the Alinisters. In this state
the matter at present rests; and if her Majesty is
unable to obtain, what she conceives to be a suita-
ble dwelling by the 17th of August, it is her inten-
tion to proceed to town every day from Branden-
burgh House, Hammersmith." A new carriage is
building► for her Majesty, which will be in readiness
by the 17th of August. She will be drawn every
day to the House of Lords by six horses, richly
caparisoned, and will be attended by a suitable
number of servants in royal liveries.
The Queen's equipage within the last few days
is much improved. Her servants are dressed in
royal liveries, and het Majesty is drawn by fine blood
hones•

Impo►tant Information to Sheriii Officers.—On
the trial of the cause of " Kirby v. Spooner, Eeq."
at the last Cambridge Assizes, Mr. Justice Holroyd
not only recognized the power of the sheriff to sell
after the return of the writ, but expressly held that
Sheriffs' Officers were entitled to remain on the pre-
mises of defendants in esseeution a reasonable time
after the return of the writ, when the property
could not be previously—removed. -Oa a- former
trial between the parties, a different doctrine was
istubteised,tutertsiell.ents aftezwetis an er-ttled by
the Coutt of Kietter Bench.

.1.--

X3l

F.4TAL AFFRAY AT GREENOCK.

The unfortunate town of Greenock hasagain been the
scene of bloodshed. On Saturday, the 29th ult.'a party,
consisting of six men of the 13th regimens, had beets
drinking in the house of a person neitied.9steen. in
Shesinates.Glose, where two of them had their quarters.
Sometime before midnight they went to the heed of the
close in Snaw-street. and having there met some sailors,
they cried to them " blue jackets." The sadists resented;
a scuffle followed, and one of the soldiers ran back to his
lodgings for his bayonet, and was about to rejoin his
associates in the street when he was prevented from
going .out by the innkeeper in the close, front whom the
party had got some of their whisky. The rest of the
soldiers were then driven back to the quarters; and hav-
ing called on their comrade to open the door. they were
admitted, and along with them a person besmeared with
blood, with whom they had been fighting, and who fell
upon the floor, and was for some time insensible. A
pretty numerous crowd collected, and threatened to
force the door. The soldiers ran upatairs, anti having
loaded the muskets of the two who lodged in the house,
fired front the window over the heads.of the crowd, and
induced them to disperse. By this time it was Sabbath
morning. By and by a watchman on the quay, having
heard the firing occasionally repeated, proceeded to the
place, and having, in answer to a question from the
soldiers, told what he was, desired them to give over
firing. This answer was ..no sooner heard, than one of
the soldiers took up his piece, and by a shot, through
the left breast, killed the watchman on the spot. low
mediately after another watchman, who came up to see
after his companion, was shot between the ribs, and he
died in an hour and a halt after in au adjoining house.
The women iii the neighbourhood, having gathered
round, prevailed with the soldiers not to fire till they
removed the bodies. A sailor lad was also shot, and
died in the Infirmary at noon on Sabbath. When the
town guard came up, the soldiers disregarded the ser.
jeant's order to desist irons firing, and it was not till the
arrival, about one o'clock, of another party, accompanied
by an officer and a magistrate, that order wee restored.
'I he six soldiers, togethr with one in common clothes,
were then delivered over to the civil power, and lodged
its gaol.—The names of the sufferers are Robert Simpson,
a widower, and Henry Pearson, who has left a wife and
four children, and Archibald Morrison,a young seaman.

COURT or CLAIMS.—It was expected that the
Commissioners would have met on Monday, in the
painted chamber, according to adjournment, and a
number of claimants were in attendance with their
proofs in support of their claims to do service on the
day of his Majesty's coronation: Sir H. Russell,
one of the Commissioners, entered the painted cham-
ber at twerve o'clock, and waited until half-past
one o'clock, without being joined by any of the other
commissioners. William Butt, Esq. the Deputy
Serjeant at Arms, informed him that he hod just
found in the Gazette of Saturday last, the following
notice, viz.—" Court of Claims.-Notice is hereby
given that the meeting of this Court, which was
appointed for Monday, the 31st day of July instant,
stands adjourned until further notice." Mi. Butt
then read the notice aloud, and the court was cleared
On Monday, at two o'clock, the Deputation from
the borough of Ilchester waited upon the Queen with
an Address, to which her Majesty returned a gra.
cious answer. After the Deputation withdrew, her
Majesty went to North-street, Finsbury-square, to
view the School, called the Royal Institution, for
1,000 boys and SOO girls, of which the Duke and
Duchess of Kent were patrons. Her Majesty ex.
pressed the most lively satisfaction at the order and
regularity which pervaded the establishment, and
the interesting appearance of the children, fur whom
she left a liberal &nation

Lord Byron, a strong Oppositionist in every sense
of the word, and an energetic opponent of all the
prosecutors of the Queen, is on his way home, for
the exclusive purpose of attending his place in Par-
liament to support his sentiments. His Lordship,
it may be known, has long been resident in Italy.
He is intimately acquainted with the tnensers and
morals of the Italians; and he had many opportu-
nities of meeting the Queen, and of observing her
demeanor. He will be a most important acquisition
to the Queen's party.

The buildings and land in Camp Lane, near
Leeds, at present occupied by the 6th regiment of
Foot, have, it seems, been purchased by Govern.
ment, for permanent infantry barracks. The in.
tended erections near Sheepscarbar, about half a
mile distant, for which Parliament have voted
98,0001. of the public money, are to form cavalry
barracks.

Two of her Majesty's witnesses have arrived from
Milan, one of whom performed the journey in the
short period of six days. We are assured, upon the
most undoubted authority, that her Majesty expe-
riences great difficulty in bringing to this country
the witnesses necessary for her defence. The Go.
vernor of Milan states, that he cannot give passports
to any witnesses except thou. who may have be.
longed to her Majesty's household, without pre-
viously sencting to Vienna for authority. Thus the
defence of.the,Queen of _Englund is made to dtrcrul
uptin the will and plemuto of the Emperor of
Austria.

VII

DF.VELOPEMNNT OF THE PR INCI PI.P.S ON WHICH
WAS FORMED WHAT WAS IAtrIOUSLY CALLED
" THE HOLY ALLIANCE."

When a motion was made by the House of Com-
mons for the production of papers relative to this
infernal Compact, Lord Castlereagh, to use one of the
expressions of " himself and the other Sovereigns,"
it met with a decided negative,on the ground of eti-
quette ; fur be stated, that as the Prince Regent,
by our constitution, could not be a party to such a
compact, etiquette forbade the production of papers
relative to it by the English Government. We did
not quarrel with his Lordship at the moment on this
account, and if we had been inclined to feel angry,
the cause of that inclination has been removed by
the recent publication of a Note (which will be
found in another part of our Paper to-day), which
developes plainly the absolute purpose of the damn-
able league. We shall, as is our practice under such
circumstances, proceed to divest it of its cloathing—
to exhibit it in a naked state to the curses of the
world—to shew our own countrymen the advan-
tages of that constitution, that prevented their
reigning Prince from becoming a party to such an
infamous confederacy, and to the rest of Europe
how degraded their situation, so long as they shall
submit to support the weight of so humiliating a
dependance. When an original document is denied
'ma, we are justified in the adoption of the best infor-
illation we can procure, and the Note in question
from the great Autocrat of "All the Russias," is
the only data from which we can draw our deduc-
tions. We presume, therefore, that the Compact,
runs, that "Forasmuch as the subscribing parties are
arbitrarily ruling over immense and heavily oppressed
people, who are solely kept in a state of injurious
subjection by coercive power, the said parties inter-
changeably bind themselves to each other to use all
the means each of them may possess, to perpetuate
the slavery of these people in case any occurrence
should apprise them of the abjectness of their state,
Cr 'enable them to attempt a resumption of their
rightful liberties." Such, we suppose, might serve
as a basis of " The Holy Alliance," and if our sup.
• position be correct, we should not regret to hear of
• the " High subscribing parties" having each, indi-
vidually, met his mass deserts. We rejoice that
our Sovereign's signature could not be annexed to so
seandalAus a document. Ais Lexterre say we, with
sdi suds principles and their espousers, the Arloesat
'nay glory in being an Emperebvskguch a race—
we should glary in their being illumined beyond
bearing their state quietly. The doctrine of true
allegiance. to a good and well administered Govern-
ment, is not more incontrovertible than the impera-
tive duty of resistance to Usurpation and Tyranny.
This NOTL, we hope, will be read by every Russian
and Spaniard who can read, in order that " The
Emperor of All the Russias" may derive from it the
aftimation or execration that be merits. What is
the language, if the translation be made into plain
John-Bull-English? Why, it is thus ;—" Ferdinand,
lou lave solemnly sworn to observe a constitution
which your subjects were justified in demanding,
which you believe would contribute to their general
welfare: nevertheless, if you will falsify your oaths,
if you will attempt the re-establishment of that ty-
rannical Government which has already bowed down
your country with distress, the armies of Russia
shall support you in your perjuries; the influence
of the Court of St. Petersburgh shall be exerted to
enforce the co-operation of all those Governments
who belong to The Holy Alliance." We wish Lord
Castlereagh would give at once a better and truer
translation of this infamous document, and we well
know thet
He can with ease
" Twist words and meanings as he please."
but still, to the eye of discernment, he cannot make
Wee& appear. white. •
We rum not yet done with " The Holy AM;
see, ," in fact, this is our fiat attempt at exempli-

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

fscution of the horrid principle of their union. We
shall pursue them through ull their haunts; we
Audi not leave them till the World shell know their
intentions—

" The Ides of March are come,"
exultingly exclaimed the Roman Tyrant;

" But not gone, Cesar,"
was the Soothsayer's reply, and the same day the
daggers did their Country yeoman service.
Prussia spews di,Tontent ; its Government alarm ;
and we do not yet despair of seeing the whole of
Europe equally free with England; that, with all
our well-founded grumblings, will be much. We
may afterwards chew them a worthy example of
ratiom.l extension.
