THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

LON DON :

SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1819.

We yesterday received the Paris Papers of Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday last, being all that were due.
They communicate another Royal death, that of the
Queen Mother of Spain, Maria Theresa, consort of
Charles IV. and the mother of Ferdinand the VII th.
Ider Majesty expired on the 2d instant. This double
calamity, the loss of a wife and a parent, within so
short a period of each other, will be severely felt by the
King of Spain.
No public business of an; impartanee has been trans-
acted in either of the French Chambers. The Funds
have maintained a steady price at about tia

A,

THE NATIONAL REGISTER.

The fol!uwing are extra ~.:4 fr.nu thew papers :
" ling kus or.luined a solcutu religious aervice
thnpuglout Prince, for the 2i at•iiCtlic.preseut asuitalu
in commemoration of tha:delath. o%ltis. iato
Louis XVI. .
" '1 he Kines"coronation ietlitad 13r the. s4'Nfer,..
the anniviiratry of ,hi itr -ion 1814.

am its xestoratik,.. •.
". The noted (may we not Aiv notorious.?) General
7.lceltriats,, who had beeu banished fkom.France by the
decree. of July• 2 throu;•11 Majesty's bound-
less indulgence, now permisteif to return.
P. Madrid article mention., that the hotly of the late
Queen, after in itate tior three days in the 1!
of the Aud.tc.sailors, had be;:n conveyed with ail the
accustomed pomp to the Monastery of St. Lawrence
(at the Escurial), there to be interred m.tongst the
Kings and Litieens of Spain. King Ferdinand. was
every day transacting business with his Ainiiter..
" The death of the latnented Queen of IV urtemberg
is thus accounted tilr in the Stuttgard prints. Ile r
Majesty had been seized with a rheumatic fiver,
which was acemormied by an erysipelas of the thee.
This malady on the 9th instant fell upon the braia,
and produced a stroke of upopleu, which carried off
the Prince's in the course of a few hours.

" A grand ball was given ut Paris (in the I sth inst.
by the British Ambassador, in compliment Lulus lOyal
Highness the Duke of Gloucester, which was attentlel
by the Princes of the Royal Family, and by al! the
most distinguished personages of the French capital.

"On the 16th inst. the Dnkc of Gloucester dined
with the King and Royal Family : on the 18th his
Royal Highness, accompanied by two English person-
ages of his suite, visited the prison La Cuncielerie;
he conversed a short time with Genera Saratin.

" The Qne.n ntria Theresa, Consort of Charles
IV. and Mother of Ferdinand VII. King of Spain,
died at Rome on the 2nd inst. of a pulmonary com-
plaint, which lasted five days. She was born at Parma
on the gth Dec. 17.51.

A Flanders Mail arrived yestcraay, bfinging 13russels
Papers to the 21a inst. The King of the Netherlands,
it appears, wishing to " eternise," the Battle of Water-
loo, has ordered M. Visquin, the chief Engineer, to
present to hits a plan of a monument, which is to be
erected on the spot where the victory was decided.
We extract the following articles, because they possess
more than ordinary interes., from the state of our re-
lations with the Dutch authorities in the Indian Archi-
pelago, as exemplified in the protest o f Sir T. S.
Raffles, which we recently
Bausszi..s, JAN. 17.—" The Vobaire, from Batavia,
has arrived in the Texel, after a passage of 109 Jays.
It arrives very seasonably to contradict the news of an
insurrection at Samarang, which had been circulated on
the authority of the English papers. All the letters
from Java, up to the Ist October, 1818, agree in
stating that the Colony enjoyed the most perfect tran-
quillity. Produce was at i; very high price, and there
were 70 vessels in the Roads at Batavia, a number which
proves the increasing activity of commerce.

The news received from the M luccas was so favour-
able, and good order and tranquility so well established
in those islands, that the Commissioners-General have
resolved to recal General De Kock, that he may resume
his military functions ; and to nominate for Governor
of the Moluccas, M. Tilenius Krinthroff, now Governor
of Macassar, where he is succeeded by M. Servatius,
resident at Cheribton.
" A most friendly alliance has lately been concluded
by M. Boecholt, Commissioner of the Netherlands.
with the Sultan of Pontiana, on the east coast of Borneo.
who has long desired it. This alliance seems to have
been promoted by the assistance afforded by Major
I'vlunting, against some powerful neighbours, his tribu-
taries. After a short combat, in which only the `sur-
geon, M. Verbruggen, was wounded, be ended the
affair in his favour‘ The Sultan expressed his entire
satisfaction to the Major, and desired to tessify his
sincere gratitude to the Government of the Netherlands
This Prince is a polished and well informed man, who
governs with mildness,
" Accounts from Batavia of Sept. 26, 1 - - RIR , say—
In the course of the year 1818, the troops of the Ne-
therlands were going to resume possession of the settle-
ment of the Netherlands ut Padang, on the west coast
of Samatra; but difficulties were made by the British
Government at Beucoolen, which obliged the troops to
return to Java.'

" The authority of the Netherlands has been retog-
nista for these two yea's past on the east coast of the
empirt of Paltinhang, opposite Ban‘.a"

.l

THE Qttt:EN's Pre•rtnas...-Thcre are a great num.
ber of valuable cabinet pictures and miniatures in Buck.
Ingham Home, which were the private property of the
Queen, though they :Ire not mentioned iu her Majesty's
will ; and the bail nail staircase dityluy some of the
finest works of the elegant artist Cann !via, painted
when he was in England. These will probably TtOW
be added to the Prince fteszent's collet•tiou. The cele.
}muted cartoons of i.aphael were formerly placed in
Buckingham House; and it will scarcely he believed,
some of them were actually abridged to tit the runnels I
.—They have siucc lice!' removed to Hampton Court,
where. the DOW re'-.sin.

The Salishory. packet has reached the- ou tport, frogs
the Leeward • islands. She brings accounts kona..4.
Thomas's ,on the '24th- ult. with intelligence from
ferent parts of the Spzu,ishll.ain. They assert, .as well
as those by pr,nris.ns arrivals, that Loth Cochrane had
reached the Went Wilts, and was at Testagos
with two 74's, two frigates. &e. A letter from Admirsl
Brion, of the I Dee. does not, however, confirm ths,l
statement, and we are still inclined to doubt its en
metres% Admiral 13rion ots,erves, that be hopes as the
rainy season was over, some decisive blow would be
strut:7.olnd thar the Royalists would be obliged to .es...
cuate that part of South America. It does not appear,
•however, that any frch victories Lad been obtained ei.
ther by one party or the otter up to the middle of lust
Novemller. The following are extracts from the letters ;
M Et trrA, Nov. 16.—" The expedition is now
in a state of great forwardness ; and news arrived
yesier day. that Lord Cochrane had reached Tenigos
Island,- chse to this place, with two 74-gun ships, two
frigates, &c. What his real force is seems doubtful,
but that he is there, we have every reason to beiieve is
the fact. This is a very fitvourable circumstance, and
we have no doubt will end the contest.

" ST. THOMAS'S, 24.—1 t is asserted positively
that Lord Cochrane has reached Testigos with several
ships of the line. Two of them, we undentund are
French ships.' It is understood further, that this Bri-
ti.lt Officer is meditating an immediate attack on some
Fart of the Spanish Main, occupied by the Royalists." .
The last letters from Bomhao bring afflicting ac-
counts of the mortality arising- from the cholera mor.
bus, which raged in the Decan, during the months of•
July and August, and had not been entirely overc(,;no,
though greatly decreased in September. It has been
chiefly mortal among the natives ; few Europeans hare
suffered. About 2,000 of the natives died at a religious
place called Punderpore.
The Bombay Courier of the t2th of September, crn.
tains only the lb:lowing article of interest :—" We
understand that Dhurmajee Partub Row and Iris bro-
ther, who were taken by the party of reformed horse
under the command of the gallant Lieutenant 5.-:tither-
land, have been executed at Aurungabad, by order uf
the Nizam's Government. We cannot ascertain with
any certainty the truth of the report, that it was by the
orders of Dhurmajce that Captain Vaughan and his
brother were so Lamely put to death at Tulligaurn ; but
however this may be, the crimes of this wretch and Lis
brother were sufficiently ample to justify the severe
measures adopted against them.

The administration of justice throughout the &mi.
nions of Naples has been lately reformed, and on prin.
siples quite new within thot Kingdom' The seignmill
and local jurisdiltions have all been cuppre►sed, and
Royal Courts established in place of them ; a whole
swarm of vexatious and tyrannical abuses having thus
been swept away at one blow.

By the successful attack upon Derajeh, which pt:t
the Turks in possession of Ardallah Ben Sund, the head
of the sect of Wechabites, and several minor chiefs, it
is stated, that no less than 9.0,000 of his followers went
slain. The captured Chief had all his teeth drawn by
the Turks previons to being sent to Constantinople.
The streets of Liverpool present at this moment a
most gratifying appearance; not a single mendicant or
beggar is to be seen in any of them, The measures
pursued by their Chief Magistrate, for the suppression
of these characters, has been attended with the rn,:..t
complete success. A whipping and a pass to their re-
spective legal places of settlement are the principal me-
thods which have been adopted. Some of the I iverpool
vagrants, it would seem, have found their way to this
city, as within these few days our streets swarm with
beggars whose faces were not before known in the me-
tropolis.
Another inquiry by Mr. Davis was also upon an i:)-
teresting subject : that hon. gentleman wished to know
whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer remained in
the intention of not funding or borrowing this year;
he having funded so largely last year, with the profes-
sed view of precluding the necessity of recurring to a
similar measure during the present. Mr. Vansittart
replied to the etrect that be did not see any probability
of bring ols'iged to fund or borrow ; but that he would
not pledge himself.
Adolphus and Augustus Fitzclarence, the two
youngest sons of his Royal Highness the Duke a Cla-
rence, have left town tOr l'orternoutli, from. *hence
they will sail in the Rr. ochefort, Caain Greo,o*,inin
Admiral Fremantle in the Mediterranean. • •

NAT'

r ONO, 1

.7,

N.

PEETING OF BOOKSELLERS.

. .- • '7. -11"---•.-.-
. •- .r......... 1.•
covEsT °ARDEN.
Tice announcement of Miss Stephens's first appear.
01Wed season, had the etfect of filling_ this Theatre
01 nesday evening to an excess.
The character
which.Nlisi Stephens selected for the resumption of her
profefaional avocations in London. was that of Diana
Vernsm, in liftli Roy: the selection was njudieinus one,
j3.,o.rmielt as it affords ample scope for the display of
Mi►s Stephens's powers. We never recollect to have
5,,,n or heard this enchanting Syren to snore advantage
than on.this o.:ession. She was in excellent voice, and
her powers even appear to Itavo improved during her
temporary absence from the metropolis; her songs were
executed in the most effective manner She was en-
cored with enthusiasm in almost every Song ; and in
some of them, especially the delightful air commencing
~ A Highland Lad my Love was born;" and in the
duet in the commencement of the third act, there ap-
pealed a disposition on the part of the audience to call
for a second repetition. Some of the more reasonable
and feeling part of the audience, however, interposed,
and prevented the unreasonahle call being enforced.—
rifle other novelties of the evening were, Duruset in
the character of Francis Osinldesbn, which he assumed
far the first time: his songs were given with consider-
able effect. Tins gentleman is something more than
respectable as a singer, wa ;hall be happy to say as
taesh of his acting when he gives us an opportunity ;
ie: present he falls far short of the standard of feeling-
and energy. Emery was t.lw substitute far poor
Tokely, iu the character of Ll,oterat. This was a cha-
racter created by Tokely, and suited esnecially to his
superior powers. It was a task of no little difficulty
to undertake it, after it bad been iu possession of so
able a supporter. Emery, however, gave a spirited
delineation of the trusty thllower of the 31a,:gTegor.—
It was an original piece of acting : he was by no means
a servile imitator; and though, perhaps, not quite
equal to his predoecssn, he yet deserved and received
considemble applause. Of Macready's Rob Roy, awl
Liston's Bailie Nicol Jarvie, it is unnecessary to speak.
'the first was never inure dignified is the Lady un-
bending- Highlander, than last night ; nor was the
latter ever mare successful in exciting the risible fa-
sullies of the audience.

A numerous Meeting of the Publishers, Booksellers,
Stationers, and all others intereited in the sale of the
Holy Scriptures, was held on, le riday eveniag sit the
Globe Tavern, Fleet Street, to take into consideration
the recent attack made.on the trade, as relates to the
sale of Bibles and Prayer-books. As the nature of
this attack may not be known to the generality of our
readers, we shall endeavour to explain it by giving,
in a tea words, a short abstract of a Report merle by a
Committee, appointed on Thursday evening, to inves-
tigate into its extent. It appeared from that report,
that for two or three years past bills in Chancery have
b en filed, and silently operating under the instruction
di' patentee, against persons selling Edinburgh Bibles
or Common Prayers. These bills have been com-
pounded privately, to the no small gain of the attorney
employed, and vexation of the party attacked. During
the last term a hundred injunctions were obtained
against different Beoksellers in Lontfon and the sub-
urbs ; and ninety arc entered for the present terra.
The clerk of the solicitors, Messrs. Foss and Co., is
generally the informer. At first the injunctions were
only levelled against Bibles printed at Edinburgh, but '
lately they have been extended against Bibles, Testa-
ments, anti Common Prayers, printed in England, with
, commenteries and note's. This proceeding has spread
terror and dismay through the various Booksellers both
•in town and country : especially as they have been
likewise informed, that they cannot, under the ezieting
law, sell any Bible in the English tongue, or in any
other tongue whatsoever, 'of any translation, with note
or without note, which is not printed at the press of
the King's printer, or at the press of the two Univer-
sities. The sufferers by these prosecutions have been
chiefly among the petty retail dealers, who, it was sup-
posed, would willingly enter into any terms of com-
promise offered by the attorney conducting these
processes,erather than incur all the risk and expeace of
a Chancery suit. The wholesale dealers have in'
general escaped free front attaek, though latterly same
of them (Mr. Wood; in the Strand; Mr. Wilson, at
the Exchange ; and Messrs. Arch, of Cornhill) have
been visited by the same annoyance as their less wealthy
brethren. As this system was rapidly spreading in
every direction, the trade took it up, and assembled
on Friday evening to discuss the propriety or resisting it
Miss Somerville has resigned her articles at Coient j with ail the energy which such an invasion of what
Garden Theatre, in consequence of Miss O'Neill re- I they deemed their long established rights demanded.
fusing to perform with het in the new tragedy of Mary The imoropriety, if not t.e illegality, of these vex-
sS'luari ! atiotts mcnsures on the part of the patentees, was strongly
The Richmond Inquirer, quoted by the New York insisted upon ; and the judgment of Lord Clare, in the
Papers, intimates that some definitive arrangement case of Grierson, the King's printer at Dublin, v. Jack-.
has been concluded between the British and American son kßidgeway's Reports, 304) was stated to be de-
Governments, relative to the exercise of the right of cisive of the matter. In the course of that case, whict
search, and to the impressment ofseamen from on board originated upon en application for an injunction to
merchant vessels of the United States. The New York prevent the defendant from printing an edition of lbw
Editor, however, discountenances this supposition, and Bible in numbers, with prints and notes, Lord Clare
expresses his persuasion that nothing had been finally -asked it' the validity of such a patent as the King's '
done upon that delicate and difficult subject. The printer enjo, ed had ever been established at law ; and
citizens of New York have voted a piece of plate to said, that he did not know that the Crown had a right
Mr. Willshire, the British Consul at Mog-adore, for to grant a monopoly of that kind. Ile further added,
his prompt beneficence in redeeming front slavery, and " I can conceive the King, as head of the Church, may
restoring to their country, an American captive (James . say, that there shall be but one than who shell print
Riley) and five of hit companions. A Message was Bibles and Books of Common Prayer, for .the use of
received front the President by Congress, on the 14th Churches, and for particular purposes;but I canno a
t
ult. transmitting a report of the Seeretsay at Wei., conceive that the King has any prerogative to grant
with the correspondence which took place between the monopoly as to Bibles for the instruction of mankind
Governor of Georgia and General Jackson, touching in revealed religion. If ever there was a time which
the-arrest, &te. 9f Obed Wright—a case of cruelty al- called aloud for the dissemination of religioes know-•
niest unparalleled towards the wretched Indians, and ledge, it is this ; and therefore 1 ibould with great re -
Zi .111(111CiOltS iasolenee on the part of 2.aeltsoa towards luetance decide in favour of such a monopoly as this,
the Civil Power al. the United States; this was referred which must necessarily confine the circulation of the
to the Committee on Military subjects. Ou the 15th book. As to very particular purposes, I have no doubt
of December Mr. Colston otilmsd a resolution,—" That that the natentee had an exclusive right to print Bibles
the President should be requested to lay before the and Prayer-books ; but unless lam bound very strictly,
'liaise of Representatives any correspondence which I will not determine upon motion that no man but time
may have taken place between the Governments of King's printer has a right to print such works as
Great Britain and of the United States, relative to the these."
execution of Arbuthnot and Atabeieter." This vitro- It was maintained that such testimony as this was
sition was not rejected ; it was 'merely regarded as pre- entitled to high consideration, as it proceeded from a
mature ; the President having already promised full neblenean who was much attached to the prerogative
intinenation upon the said occurrences. Mr. Colstoo's of the Crown. Great-stress was also placed upon a do-
resolution was therefime ordered to lie upon the table. current which had been extorted by the patentees or
Here there is another pretty convincing proof that the their attorney, front a poor individual by which he
comthrtable doctrine professed by the Sational Intelii- bound himself, under a penalty of 2,0001., never to sell
Tenter, .as to the outrage upon one or inure British a copy of the Bible, Testament, or Common Prayer,
subjects being purely a domestic business between the which did not come from the King's Printieg-office, or
Government of the United States and its own favourite that of the two Universities, and by which he alto
officer, has not made converts of the whole American bound himself never to take any steps to diseolve the
people, but is likely to encounter a-sharp exaraination injunction against him. The principal speakers were
amongst the republicans themselves. We are now to- Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Baldwin, Mr.Mawman, Mr. J.Wilks,
lerably -certain of knowing, not only the full extent of Mr. Bagster, . Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Hone.; between
the injury which this nation has suffered, but the true whom and the Chairman, Mr. Leigh, some very warm
light in which it has been considered by the English altercation sowed. In the course of the debate, Mr.
Government, as well as by Mr. Monroe.---Under the Mawman; who is the agent to the University of Cam-
head of " Spanish Affairs," it is asserted thatebe ces- bridge for the sale of their I3ibles, stated that he had
• sion of Florida has been actually settled by negotiation written in the morning of that day to the syndics there,
between the Spanish and American Ministers. .declaring his opinion to be, _that the measures pursued
The lion. Edward Stewart, one of the Counistion-. were such as ought to be immediately terminated, on
...ers of the Navy, is to be appointed Commissioner et account of their vexatious nature, and expressed great
,1.-Cnittents; find the 'Hon. G. A. C Stapleton, now Pay- .roefidence that they would be instantly
icon-disctinued.
. .iiorter .aud Inspector of Marines, is to succeed Mr. 'The dalmatian. :did .not, howeyer, serve
_r
_ ,
Zke.witt :1 ncobouissioccer of the Navy- . :,. winch 4ffeet vets the
as
isols of hierest.lioace..loo.• , ill
-reams,: eitaoqqe saa.;lrcsLei %3 toys
S.:7lr, . ":: 1! ..311::=::.

conszquenee, after oosso•dioessosioo, enfamal into &re
solution of appuin Sing a favrawsittep sic Ifivirt,ol4o,P
sellers, with powers to add to their numberi; arid-Wi4i
full powers to adopt.all such measures as shinild be re-.
rptisito to terminate the depending prosecutions,iarj,t,‘,.,
prevent any future occurrence. This was followed by
another resolution, empowering them to rackirelouboo
scriptions to enable them to proceed with vigour Ott
energy in the great cause in which they were so neeiti-,
sa:ily engaged. We understand that large autns were.
immediately deposited in the hands of the CommitteeWl
several persons advancing from VOI. to 301. each, and`
one gentleman, in particular, the large sum of 150, •
guineas. t.
From hints that were dropped in the course of • thirs•
discussion,.we are led to conjecture, that the great boar)
of booksellers will immediately combine, and present a)
petition to the two Houses of Parliament, to obta'w•
some modification of the present patent. A professionte •
gentleman, who spoke in behalf of Mr. Blanchard, of;/
the City-road, stated, that• he had very great doubts as: •
toils legality, and expressed his intention of examining.
into that point, whenever his client should be. regularly:
brought before the Court.

By the Jansaka papers we learn, that in come•
pence of the late hurricane the island had exhibited
a scene of distress and desolat'on scarcely ever equalled.
On the 27th of November a report was presented by
Mr. Stewart, (of Trelawney,) from the Committee
which had been appointed to inquire into the effects of
the storm. In this the Committee reebmmend an
address to be sent up to his Grace the Duke •of
Manehester, stating, that with the exception of a
small part of the county of Middlesex. the utmost
misery prevailed in every quarter; and that through-.
out the western parishes, the provisions of the slave
population had been entirely destroyed. I► is, there.
Pure, humbly requested that his Grace may be pleased'
to open the ports to all nations, for the supply of such
articles as mey be necessary, during a eertai.-. perted;
and to al!ow of payineut being made fur the same, in
produce or otherwise. as he shall think fit. We way
presume, therefore, that the ports of• Jartn,iea have-
. been open'd by the local Govermnent to American.
and other shipping_

The ArchdtkeMraimilian of Nutria was in the-
tlon.,e of Loris on Thursday, during the delivery of
the Speech by the Lords Commissioners. His Imperial'
Highness went afterwards to the House of Commons,.
and sat in one of the side galleries.
The Session' of Parliament was on Thursday fully
opened with the Apeech from the Throne.—With the
exception of the cOntinued indispositionor his Mitii.•sty,
and the recent death of the Queen, the topics eon-.
Seined in it were well calculated to gratify the feelings
Of Parliament; fur they refer to the friendship of
Foreign Powers, the improvement of our internal ro- •
sources, the wisdom of our rulers, and the glory of
our arms.—The debates consequent upon the Speech„
presented smite matter of interest. From that of the
Lords, we learn, that the Bank is nut intended by
ti Misters to resume cash pas meets uu the expiration,
of the present Restriction Act in July next.
A letter from Buenos Ayres, of the 18th of October,.
says—" Capt. Sherrill; of the British frigate Andro-
mache, writes, that the Viceroy of Lima had agreed
with him as to some arrangement. fir opening. that
port to the English, but that the merchants had re- -
sisted, and have agreed to pay 750,000 dollars quar—
terly : this they cannst comply with. There are let-
ters from Lima, which speak in strong terms of- the,
tottering power of the Spaniards. The Negroes say
their friend San Martin will soon be with them..
Many of the rich o:d Spaniards were moving off,
Letters from Jamaica announce the arrival there of"
the Con fiance sloop of war, Captain Montgomery, and
of the Ontario, of 18 guns, Captain Gostling, from
England. The fears which had been entertained by
the merchants, for want of a sufficient number of ships
of war on that station, had been greatly removed by
these arrivals.
Wednesday was settling day at the Stock Exchange.:
there was one defaulter, a broker lately admitted into
the house, occasioned by two of his principals, well
known on the Royal Exchange, leaving him to pay
their differences to a considerable amount.
The subject of the aesumptinn of cash payment. war .
opened on Friday night in the Commons by Mr. Da..
vis, who had been required to nek, on the part of his,
constituents, what reception Government had given to
their representations against the resumption. It was •
'learned in reply, that the suspension of the moullie ,
,eurreticy will, under any eircurnsunees, not be taken
off—that is to say, we shall not he again tail it will be
taken off till the March of 18:".00. But the Chancellor
ref the Exchequer's preser.t view upon this subject will
net be fully mark known till after Mr. Ticrncy's DSC.. -
Aion apeu the state of public credit, as connected' With
Bank payments, which at present stands for the -tic(
February. fr
'The Lord-Chancellor and Lady Eldon intend- rt.
Inoving from their present residence in Bodfort.l-arnre,
t 0
00rtlh1b-eir "W.s/AWallit.7artar.3°n!"7l-.ii1143:2ht
":e telf.riJetijr"! 117.1a.:11g:
'4. IA 4311 q 7rlests a bag oniorr aysef

.t;s63

1
