PROCLAMATION OF THE EMPEROR TO THE ARMY.

Soldier, !—I am satisfit d with you. Yea have filtilled any expec-
tations. You have supplied every thing by y 4. ur good-will. and by
your valour. On the memorable td of May, you delCateo and
routed the Rev:glair and Prussian army, eommiaided by the Emperor
Alexander and the king of Prussia. You have added .ne w lus-
tre to the glory of my eagles. .You have disphayed all that
the French blond is capable of The battle of Lutzen will be
placed above Mu,* of Austerlitz, Jena. Frieriland, and the Moskwn.
Li the last campaign, the enemy taund no refuge against our arms,
but by fallowing the ferocious course of his b.trbarons ancestors.
Armies of Tartars laid waste Ins fields,— his cities,—.aered Moscow
itself. They are now arrived in our regions, preceded by all tex
subjects and desert r, of Germany, France, and Italy, far the pur-
pose of preaching up revolt. anarchy, civil war and murder. They
beeame the apostles of every crime- They wishea to field up a too
ral conflugratioli betwech. the Vistula and the Rhine, in order, ac-
cording to the wage of despotic Goveinments, to place deserts be-
tween us and them. The madmen! They little knew the attach-
merit of Germany to their Sovereigns,—their wisdom, their orderly
disposition, and their good sense. They little knew the power and
bravery of the Fieneli.
In a single battle,.you have counteracted all those parricidal plots.
We %vill drive back these Tartars into their triglirrid regions, which
they ought never to have left. There !Pt-them remain, amidst their
• fr. ezen de sarts,---thr abode of slavery, of barbari,- in, and of corruption,
where man is debased to an equality with the brute. You have de-
served well of civilised Europe. Soldiers--Italy, France, Germany,
return you thanks.
From our Imperial Camp, of (Sigurd) NAPOLEON.
Lutzen, May S, 1813.
PARIS, MAY 14. in the name of the Emperor:—
THE EMPRESS-OUEEN AND REGENT TO M. THE BISHOP OF

M. Bishop of -, The victory gained on the field of Lutzen,
by his Majesty the Emperor and King, our very dear husband and
sovereign, can only be considered as a special act of divine protec-
tion. We desire, that on receiving this letter you cause Te Deum
to he sting, anti rerun thanks to the God of armies, and that you will
thereto add %itch prayersas you shall judge most suitable for drawl%
down the divine protection on our arms. anal especially for the pre-
servation of the sacred person ni the Emperor and King, our very
dear imsnauti and Sovereign. May God preseete Hos from all dan.
ger His safety is as nccrs.sary to the happiness of %he Empire as
