of slavery They arc a loyal people, and a generous
kindness may -attach allegiance, but severity can
never properly enforce it, and woe he to those
rulers who think that the crown can be upheld,
the veneration due to constituted aathority be long
maintained when every feeling of love and gratitv'le
and contentment are banished and destroyed.
We are, however, fully sensible of the difficulty
with which Government has now to struggle. Vc
see with regret a very• nu•nerous body of men in
the State whose turbulence is and whose
designs no man attempts to, Bat the hest
and wisest of our laws were tempestuous
times, and were expressly tweet the much
looked fin. exigencies. The of • Britain
is not a Summer binl, that brilliant plu-
mage in fine weather, and its carols in
calm and sunshine, and then ashen the
storm blows, or the frosts but is a
noble and massy fabric., which proof aga ius t
every attack until it shall ' and dela-
pid3ted by those whose maul duty
it is to preserve and guard it. then bet be
left fairly and honestly to its own , • energies.
Let treason be watched in her dark not by
spies and informers who instigate it, that
they may afterwards prey upon they have
decked with their own garland, l tee
of the law which never sleepeth, any
overt act can be laid hold of; let and

effectually punished. And ut
we do this. let every just and

complaint be honestly and

ntedied. Remcc front the
which he feeds, and slander

spire a confidence in your rulers
the interity, the wisdom or
and sedition will have tiny or no
vertwent is always responsible

sot;h:ty it governs, anti if that

fault in those under whose

so.—Either the symptoms of disease

taken, or the remedies applied
mistaken ; in either ease the part
change our Doctor.

that
cause of

THE LA TE LOCKE OF

and re-

upon
In.

dignity,
meibures,

A Go-
state •ef the

there i$

bt!e0IIIC

been In is-

1 and
is to

Wylie of his death. lie had in his pi 00,;ret.6 &broom; tile
hood vaulted out at hearing A (fog has k,iiitd was with :Mtn ult y
ore, fakir', and coo the parlyie al:oval at Hie skirts of tin.
wood, at the si;,ltt ut - • oagiiititt hitter, kit Grace iii.stoly
leaped over a Gore, and rualied into itto aolxiiiiing bora, aorta •
th..r his dismayed comp* ii i ~, emierly followed him. The
;faros yam of his div.order hat nous :it its height. It has
alinitat a miracle that bon Grace did not die in the Intro lie
tiro is hit it dichlty removed 1.1 a foihtralt!e hovel in the neiAhoo
holoarloorfol, and rail) in tia! morning of the fatool h the
Make of K,r hound expired in the arms of a faithful
who hail never quitted his beloved matter for a nitfinetit.—
AV Iola( io !Id ini-erahle log hut reason foccuaiimally resumed
her empire, ann his Grace accordingly atvitioed Minx If of
these lucid interval, to addreth a trite, to Laity Afar) Lenity,
in a biolk he re iii i i uli ii her I hat a favourite dos, belcongin; too
the boa...clash!, being in a nano at the cattle of h.. Lows, at a
tiow(li% yaw.' lob before )ov lien ihe lot ukcolia v cut ki,cien,
the .log war. lifted up, to lick the hound, to toe:: the animal
bit his Grace's chin. The tecollect am of this co cumstatoot
ore hit Grace but ton tore a pro tentanent (the dor Latin;
sulocqueittly ton mad) of hia appromehits4 fate sod he
thereftioe in his I stir to Lauly Alary , expo...toed his
cooffy:cri.off ( h hit b indeed allelic: 411 iroisiotaide concluaio.t.
!ha: dion it. r 14:11A 11:kdrUptlOblit• ills loace reruimuen-
ilea the liar of e tart to be (OtroVrVed toy hti chi:lntro in the
painful folio:Ohm in a hieh they hound be place-did los ;
moot, it a said, ro quotded to toe buried ill QUA/VC WI the Ebill`
pays, like to soldier, do re to 'email,.
" it Grace's remains art t‘vit iu Altinireal the of the
u..itat, (the very day on v. hich tie; lo•vce was to hovel
Leto in a state whit If I shall mot outriv4e ).ma lora.
shop's feeling. by detailing; tar tets can I atit nipt to depict
Inc t•eflo:11100,4 of the y OUne ladies of his Grace', faintly.
liar ao tin-spec kitty the fatal Deere,' roar theta tin
tile ,teth at %P.M.-al. .

.......... .
" II o. 14a; e's wlli ring!: a ere extreme, y et hi' ta;nd 'oared
above :,goffy. Ile direeled Gd..url Coe;ssoelie net to
infrini In Inv orders aoy For you are,' said tlici
•Or 41:ite! am reduced 1..; fold Miring a pa-
rot ,n 1.1 paw, he etr;alnir,—•Far sham., Richmond;
shame, Ulla; les Lena° ; bear ylliir rtill ring, I ke a man.'
lite nuke, the r-t mln of 11,% iauk, Imrhaffb. if lel died
on the American routicent, will ever lie iegretts.ct a'l
Cbln,et, of hi,. Majevly'v provifolal cis. lie alt ful ter-
-0000 of his I irace't. ililnlnuas career totot .tscite
vertu! sy wrathy."

A very numerous and respectable meeting was
held in Sheffield on Monday last, fir the purpose of
collecting the sense &t• the ihinibitants of that town
on the necessity tila strict inquiry into the unfortu-
nate events at Manchester. Thu fleeting; it is cal-
culated comisted of from 40,000 to people!'
but although flags :ere avaved at it, bearing the
usual devices, and 'bands of music perfornhal several
popular airs, the tranquillity and good order of the
town and neiglibourhotsl were in no instauce dis-
turbed. Lord Mil en, attended by several Gentle-
men of respectability, was resent, and aildrcssed
the assein'tly.
It was well remarked by one of the speaker+, that
the annivcrgary dour revered Sovereign's acces-
sion to the Throne could not he more solemnly tier
more appropriately celebrated than by holding tin
that day a 'meting of his faithful-subjects, for the
lingist: of demanding an euquir• into the conducts
of men charged with having violated the laws to
which his Majesty owes the crown of these realms:
•I'o this point was the meeting strictly eon:hied, for
one of the speakers (Mr. Bailey) having expressed a
n•islt to address the people there assembled upon the
subject au Iletlirm in Parliament, he was prevented
from so doing by the Chairman, who acted in eon-
fortuity with the opinion of Lord Milton and the
other Gentlemen on the hustings.

An official despatch limn
Esq., addressed to Earl Ilatht
lowing melitncholy detail of
upon the death of this Nol.let.
After mentioning the tour w.
la ken for the purpose of investi,
state of the provinces, anti other ,
let ter proceeds t Ills :-__
%% net. bus Gra... patted with his family Kingston, hp
procee.b d, aceompauied by Ural...! Cock hurne,
5l 6ir I;iitt 144, :...d to.. dililit•Aie.i, to skit eastern toac-
•Illt.• A.lwre ille.oly the tuguitition had t cutouterahls
henef:ted 1.• Ili. excellent piolie of the A.. •trati..... On
Ito' '23 I N r_tist the Ihiltir itiited it hit :t detaeth. wit of "theet•
latioued a 1...11., au.' it sits., MO 011 the V.llt that the
first syntiatri • ut that love: disorder presewled th. ili•elvet.,
which only three data alter lei mutated in death. Early out
that morning his •alet, I. 1111 l .1 iii. tirace alarmed at the op-
aear....ce id s,.i.te trees v. Iliel. were Ilei4r a iv litdOVV wh le he
slept, and %%Incl. he i 11.1,11.11 it 1.1" V peilliii. 10.11killg ill ; 11141
01111iisilfiel% ..rd., when ri basin ..f water V..• t.ri xi iited
10 1010, he *l.ll.l.ited rvi•leta al,loareuee at the .i.:111 of II;
MO on ,sterol OcC,V•I,O, en that .'at and ail the :213th, Ott
itine •y0.tti..,..• a t•re but to.. alas 1t... is hoses. r auy lulu ol
Mil. previeol.4l,o,l.l M /11111110m* :tprezlieil tail t irtu'e partook
pit. V* 101 t'stre...t. pl.:et...we. Out 1,3 li. dot,
Slll/11 diluter. he hail
requ -.tell Lieut. Cul. co. Mr...
Ito. G oil, Muir.... la lake ,e it ilh loot.
al
but Itrace had 1.1" 104,11 the Ii1;14111 lil i, lips. Ilion,
iinnli e t.t cont. 411 tit' %iiiirlire of h• do, Lbw, e reploced the
*Ars .ti the talde, 10....•i,g---.. Now, is lint Id. I' xce•.isets
rodiviti, ii, ill i lt, I'll (Also 't vt twit I didi 1 think if it."- - The i;a:.e.'ic of Tl:esday ctintaitis the offer or a
Ti., -note rxrililig am A.,,1a11i Slll'Zl'illi. lii” 11111:, one in lilt' I f
l'el: pardon for any bat the principals, wl:o shall
iot otos, wa. scct for, oh.. tiled I itu, out! -to. Lscelltit
Inquest at Nllrt/i
appal:nth I.olllltl iil much relief I.ml, the eiteittl:toti, glut; he discover the perAni or persons who tire.l into the
aro*. early in the Intl iiiiirineig. and p..9tused v. all ; hontcs at the Jurymen on the late
till ough It whntotuksll.rll,lo the lien Pell iellitilt of that u; ~ shields: iii alt' Jiti,„l it) whicli pardon,
tiler, is a
it in. I. had recently greets...l it: apr-111.t....ireoin it: Mitsui- , ,o ~ .
%,, 2 d
rotter et rett•aras of au 100 0 -lain eas.
VW foundtr, %Ito Na. about 10 11:alltolt“1. Si: t) it) (lie Calls-

the h)l-
Itlititt

had
the uct Ito
tle

A letter has been sent from the Treasury to the
Commissioners ,of Taxes. It is explanatory of the
Act of the last Session for the relief of persons corn-
pounding their assessed taYes, and has been called
thrth by the inconvenience and vexation which they
have *offered from surveyors :itul ot!•.er ollicers em-
ployed in colleetiog them. In addition to a general
desire, that the act should he executed favourably
towards the parties availing themselves of it, it,
directs

let. That persons compounding for fo.tr-w'oceled should
he .fflowed to I(..ep two wheele.l earr:Ag: and .•:.v
I..td. That Ow. • who nanpoord tor ...rvat, ot the uioher claim
bballbe ..11owvd any monis, r utall ela•x

That per...ata compounding tor horses may keep
ponita. nut
tth.'fhatperons 9.011 compound for auy .crt of siAmiug, dog,'
may keep any number ui any attn.

r:e is formidable. and v:hos
s to-justl. Bat the het
:..re fram in tempcstuou
intentledo meet the mile
he Coast ion of • Britai,
t displays.* brilliant plu
aid ehautt i. its carols il
then v tea When th
a of WitititrkArrive, but is
which wit.* proof agains
I be underipmed and dela
awful and,Axiunden dui;
bd it. Let it they bet is
its own intrinsic energies
i her dark progress, not b:
tstigate and create it, tha
upon the rfptian they hay
'land, butiri• the vigilanci
eepcth, 40,;whetiever an:
tiu of; let it. speedily ant
nd ut the e time tha
st and reasaipable cause u
tir candidly ssed and re•
he slander. e food upot
•or must itset expire. lit
it rulers bip the dignity
of your pgaie measures
vor no abefiors. A Go.
I ,nsible for - state •ef tin
that state bad, there is
le council. , has beeoint
of disease ve been ntis.
plied arc iteectual and
the part of ivisdutu is tt:
..................
___.. _
OF BICH .VD.
0.- t
Non Chad Cambridge,;athurst, co Ms the fol-
of particia rs attendant
liernall :
tour which is Grace bad
investigutidg the ;lona
rul other pitraculars, the
111: ilk family at .Kinlstnn, he
'Y Limn.-('al. Ciirishurne,
Inc:, In visit the eastern 'oar:
'hoot' had a. in eons:der:lbl.
r id the Attaithinbtratinti. On
it tilt a detaehettent iii !itheets
L.: 010 011 the Y:.111 that the
It...order itre.ektArti tht ni,elvett,
mutinied in death. Early on
