DOMESTIC.

It is confidently asserted that his Majesty's Ministers have
abandoned their plan for emancipating the slaves in three years :
this statement is given outran the authority of the friends of the
ministers, and by the societies formed to promote the imme-
diate abolition of slavery.—Guardian.

It is underitood that one of the first proceedings in the Upper
House of Parliament contemplated by the opposition peers,
will be a notice of motion on the foreign policy adopted by
government.—Herald.

It is rumoured that Sir E. Codrington will succeed Sir J. P.
Beresford in the command at Sheerness, in April.
Lord Hill held a levee on Thursday, at the Horse Guards;
which was attended by eleven general and about forty other
officers.—The lucrative military appointments of Director-
General of the Royal Artillery, and of Colonel Commandant
in the same corps, have just become vacant by the death of.
Lieutenant-General Sir John Macleod, G. C. H. The pay.and
emoluments of the first-named posts amount to nearly £3,000
per annum, with residences at Woolwich and in St. James's
Park, of which the gallant General was Master-Gunner.—Times.
Major General Ponsonby, who is nearly at the bottom of the
list of major-generals, is spoken of as about to obtain the Colo-
neley of the Bth Hussars' over the heads of several old and
meritorious Lieut. Generals. To be sure he is cousin to my
Lady Grey, and at this moment commands at Malta with a
salary of £6OOO a-year.

A ineking of delegates from the various mills and manufac-
tories in the Own and neighbourood was held at the Angel Inn,
Leeds, on Monday •evening, when resolutions expressive of the
determination of the meeting to persevere in supporting a ten
hour bill, independently of,party or party politics, was unani-
mously agreed to, and an address to the operatives of the West
Riding voted, warning. them against the trickery of the pre-
tended friends of restriction, who wish to cajole them into a
support of an eleven hour bill.—Leeds Intelligences-.
The Bristol General Political Union is on its last legs, in
consequence, it may be fairly presumed, of a return to good
sense and sound feeling on the part of the operatives. Mr. lie-
rapath, the president, we understand, has resigned, and a ge-
neral break up is expected shortly to ensue.— Felix Farley's
Bristol Journal.

TRIAL OF THE BRISTOL MAGISTRATES.--HiS Majesty's At-
torney General has directed a nolle prosequi to be entered upon
all the informations against the Bristol magistrates, so that no
further proceedings can be had thereon. This course he has in
fact been compelled to adopt, in consequence of the triumphant
acquittal of the late mayor, and the special opinion of the jury
solemnly recorded, that the government were themselves a
guilty party, in having neglected to send a military force, ade-
quate to the protection of the city.—Feli.v Farley's Bristol Jour-
nal.

SHOOTING OF GAMEKEEPERS.—,-TWO gamekeepers of Sir G.
Heathcote, of Normanton, near Stamford, were severely
wounded in a conflict with a gang of five poachers, on Wed-
nesday night. The poachers were evidently prepared for fight-
ing, and shot at the keepers with as much coolness as at the
pheasants. There is no account of any of them being taken
as yet.

Film—We regret to learn that a destructive fire took place
on Thursday last at the extensive blanket manufactory of
Messrs. Johii Early, jun. and Co. of Witney, Oxfordshire, by
which the valuable machinery, and all the property in the pre-
mises, were destroyed in the short space of two hours. How
the fire originated has not yet been discovered. This lament-
able accident will have the effect of throwing out of employment
a very large number of hands.

LONGEVITY.—Died on Saturday morning, in Lambeth work-
house, Thomas Carter, in the hundred anu fourth year of his
age, had beau air inmate of the establishment for seven-
teen years, and for upwards of the last two years he had been
daily supplied with porter, wine, and every nourishment re-
quired by him, by the master of the house, independent of the
usual allowance to paupers. He was in possession of his facul-
ties almost to the last moment.

NOVEL PUNISHMENT.—On the afternoon of Hogmanay, as
one of the servants of Mr. Rodgers,_ of Hairlaw, was returning
fromS.Hasgow with a cart, in which were, among other articles,
a number of jars containing spirits, &c., the servant having oc-
casion to call at Neilston toll-bar, during his temporary absence
some thieves, who were on the look-out, made a dive at the
jars, and succeeded in carrying off one; which happened to be
full of whale oil. It was instantly missed, when an immediate
pursuit took place, and in a twinkling the rogues were cap-
tured. A consultation was then held by the captors as to what
punishment should be awarded, when it was resolved, tient. con.,
that the delinquents should either be marched olf to Paisley,
and there given up to the proper authorities, or otherwise have
to drink three flowing glasses each of the stolen beverage. Af-
ter a strange exhibition of wry faces, they consented to partake
of the nauseous draught prescribed, which was administered to
them in bumpers, with all the honours. It acted as a 'capital
emetic, if not in clearing their consciences, at any rate in-clear-
ino- their stomachs. A few hearty kicks into the bargain were
then applied to their respective seats of honour, when they were
dismissed.—Glasgow Courier.

PORTSMOUTH, Saturday, February 2.—His Majesty's steam-
packet Firefly, Lieutenant Baldock, left Woolwich on Thurs-
day last, for Plymouth and Falmouth. She will take the next
Mediterranean mail. `I he Firefly is a new vessel of 560 tons,
just finished at Woolwich, has superior accommodations, and
can berth about 50 yassengers. The steam-frigate Dee, Com-
mander Oliver, arrived at Woolwich on Wednesday last, from
the squadron in the Downs, to undergo some trifling repairs.
The Salamander, Commander Austin, is nearly ready at Wool-
wich, and will proceed to sea next week, to try her engines.
The Lightning steamer arrived at Woolwich from Plymouth
on Monday last. The Revenge, 78, Capt. D. H. Mackay, ar-
rived at Plymouth on Thursday se'nnight from the eastward,
and having taken out her lower deck guns, sailed, on Wednes-
day, for Gibraltar, where she will take on board a whole regi-
ment for the West Indies. The sentence of a court-martial
has dismissed from his Majesty's service Second Lieutenant
Lamont, of the Royal Marines. A court-martial will sit on
Monday at the mess-room of the Royal Marines, to investigate
the conduct of Second Lieutenant Parke, of the same corps, on
the occasion of his calling on Lieutenant Patten, on board the
Briton, for an explanation in behalf of Mr. Lamont. A Field
Officer, two Captains, and three Subalterns of the Line, and
seven officers of the Royal Marines, will form the court. Cul.
Lewis, R.M., will be President.—Hampshire Telegraph.

ESCAPE OF BENJAMIN SOLOMONS, BROTHER TO THE NOTO-
mous "IKEY," FROM THE CITY OFFICERS.-011 the night of
Sunday, the 20th of January, the warehouse of Mr. G. Wheeler,
a wholesale watchmaker and jeweller, in Bartlett's-buildings,
Holborn, was broken into, and plundered of property to a con-
siderable amount. Since the robbery the city officers have ap-
prehended two persons who are supposed to be concerned in
the plunder, and who stand at present remanded on the charge.
From information which the officers received, they had reason
to believe that the stolen property had found its way to the
house of Benjamin Solomons, and they, in consequence, ap-
plied for a warrant, on Wednesday last, to search his premises,
which was at once granted. In the afternoon of that day Mr.
Cope, the City Marshal, accompanied by Forrester, and two of
the city patrol, proceeded to the house of Solomons, in Petti-
coat.square, near Petticoat-lane. On entering it they were
met by Solomons himself; and Mr. Cope made known to him
the object of his visit; but, knowing his determined character,
he first laid hold of him on one side by the collar, and Forrester
did the same on the other side. At this moment Solomons
made a desperate effort to get from the grasp of the officers,
and was powerfully assisted by his wife and servant, both of
whom clawed and struck the officers repeatedly. During the
struggle, Solomons, by the most extraordinary exertion (as he
is but a slight man,) contrived to slip out of his coat, quite in
the harlequin style, and, leaving his coat in the hands of the
officers, darted into a back-yard, and, bounding over a wall, got
clear off. The officers, after losing their man, searched the
house,
,and found upwards of twenty valuable watches of differ-
ent descriptions, forty rings, and other articles of jewellery, to-
gether with a piece of cloth, and other property, which they
took away with them. They also took away Mrs. Solomons
and her servant, on the charge of assaulting and obstructing
them in the execution of their duty, but they shortly afterwards
liberated them. On examining the coat out of which Solomon
slipped it was found.to have in the pockets nearly £lOO in bank
notes and gold, and which the officers have iu their possession.

Ireland causes much uneasiness here. For some time past
rumours have been very current of the removal of the Marquis
of Anglesey from the Viceroyaltyship, and Lord Melbourne,
the Duke' of Richmond, and some others have been spoken of
as his successor. We have, however, reason to believe that the
Government have decided upon strong measures being used for
the tranquillization of that country; and also that the Marquis
of Anglesey will return to Dublin.—Courier (City Correspon.)
GIVE AND TAKE.-Sunday, the Experiment, tender to the
Ranger cutter, in the service of the customs, brought into
Dover 106 tubs of foreign spirits, and one man taken, near
Hastings. As soon as the officers jumped into the smuggling
boat, the smugglers leaped into theirs and rowed away in it,.
together with the fire-arms. The man above alluded to hap-
pened to strike his foot against the rattlings, fell overboard, and
was taken prisoner.

EXPORT OF COTTON GOODS.—We perceive, by Buns Com-
mercial Glance for 1832, just published, that there has been a
considerable increase in the export of cotton yarn during the
last twelve months, as compared with the precedmg year. To
Germany alone the increase amounts to near nine millions of
pounds weight, and to Russia, six millions. The export to In-
dia was considerably less than in 1831. In plain and printed
calicoes the decrease, it appears, amounted to near fifty mil-
lions of yards. There seems, however, to have been a larger
export of muslins, fustia.ns, and some other articles of inferior
importance.

LEGAL AGE.—The law of England not making portions of
a day, except in cases in which it becomes necessary to ascer-
tain the priority of distinct events occurring on the same day,
as the execution of several deeds, &c., a person is of full
age who has lived during some part of every day necessary to
constitute a period of twenty-one years. Thus a person born
at eleven o'clock at night on the Ist of January, will be of age
immediately after the midnight between the 30th and 31st of
December, although he will then want forty-seven hours of
completing twenty-one years.—Manning's Proceedings in Courts
of Revision.

THE LIBEL. ON COBBF.TT.—On Wednesday, the rule for a
criminal information, which had been obtained by Mr. Cobbett
against the proprietors of the Leeds Mercury, was discharged.
The objection made to the rule by the defendantS'was' that no
certificate of proprietorship had been produced by Mr. Cobbett
from the Stamp Office. The court held this, objection to be
fatal. We observe that the editors of the Leeds Mercury com-
plain that they were selected for prosecution .by Mr. Cobbett,
instead of the original authors of the alleged libel. They say
they only copied it from another paper, and contradicted it on.
the first opportunity.

DEATH FROM STARVATION AND COLD.—On Friday, an in-
quest was held at the Feathers, Dean-street, Westminster, on
the body of a young man, name unknown. He resided at one
time in Old Pye-street, and tried to pick up a livelihood by
cutting pieces of turf in the fields, and selling them for sky-
larks.. The frozen state of the ground cut off this employment,
and he sold his shirt off his back to buy a loaf. • The next day
he complained of chilliness and trembling of the heart. On
Sunday he crawled to the workhouse, and the next morning
was found dead. An old pauper, aged 80, said no medical man
was sent to him, and the groans of the poor fellow during the
night were heart-rending. o one came to visit the ward, The
nurse explained this by saying that she thought the deceased
either mad or labouring.under the influence of liquor. Mr.
Oilier, parish surgeon, sate' the deceased.had died from inflam-
mation of the lungs, brought on by exposure to the cold and
want of proper diet. Verdict.—Died by the visitation of God.
AN INCORRIGIBLE IMPOSTOR' AND SWINDLER.-A young
man, covered with stars and orders, who called himself Sir Al-
fred Fitzherbert Brown, was brought before the Lord Mayor
on Saturday, and on the Monday and Thursday following,
charged with defrauding an innkeeper at Calais of £25 and
cloak. He told a vast number of lies •; said he was employed
on a special message from the King of Naples to the Russian
Court; and appears altogether to have been one of the most
impudent and accomplished rascals living, though he was only
nineteen years of age. lite could speak five different languages,
had travelled a good deal, and appeared to have been playing
the rogue in half the cities of the Continent. He pretended
to be a nephew of Alderman Lucas; who, it seems, had rescued
him from great distress when a boy, and put -him on board a
King's ship. He had made use of this connection with the
Alderman to swindle.several persons out of their money. As the
offence with which-he was charged was committed abroad, the
Lord Mayor could only administer to him a useless reprimand.
GREAT CONSERVATIVE DINNER.—On Tuesday last a dinner
on the most splendid scale was given at Birmingham to William
Stratford Dug,dale, Esq., the Conservative member recently re-
turned for the northern division of Warwickshire.. Few public
fetes
have of late years created so general an interest in that
town and its neighbourhood. Not fewer than from 240 to 250
sat down to one of the most sumptuous dinners ever provided
by Mr. Dee. Isaac Spooner, Esq., occupied the chair of the
principal table, having for hisAtissity J. -W. Whateley, Esq.
The party, as a political ditinel-Wrty, presented a striking con-
trast from its numbers and high reapectubility to entertainments
of this description recently given in Birmingham. Mr. Dug-
dale, on entering the room, was most enthusiastically greeted,
and took his seat on a chair ornamented with laurel and orange
ribbons on the right hand of the president. Several loyal
and constitutional toasts were drunk, and several excellent
speeches delivered in the course of the evening, which was
passed by the company in the most hearty and convivial man-
ner.

ROBBERY OF THE MAI'OR OF LEEDS.—On Saturday even-
ing, about 7 o'clock, as Thomas Tennant, Esq., the Mayor of
this borough, who had just arrived in Leeds Irian an excursion
into a neighbouring county, was proceeding up Bank-street,
he was attacked by four villains, who had, no doubt, followed
him along Boar-lane, and who seized him behind, stopped hi&
mouth, and eventually threw him down. One of them took
from him a small portable writing-desk, in which were £165 in
£5 provincial notes of the Boston and Lincolnshire banks, and
I.:50 in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, besides various letters,
memoranda, &c. 'They also rifled his pockets of an antique
silver snuff-box, a pair of tortoise-shell spectacles, and a gold
watch and chain, the seals of which were broken of during the
struggle, Mr. Tennant having retained his hold of them: with
this booty the theives made off in different directions.; but by
the activity of ourpolice, however, a portion of it was recovered
the same evening, nine sovereigns and three of the notes hav-
ing been traced- to the possession of Elizabeth Woodhead, to
whom it had been sent by one of the robbers. The writing-
case was found early on Sunday morning in a field near Bruns-
wick Chapel; its apparant contents were gone, but the thieves
had overlooked one of the parcels of notes value £lOO. The
snuff-box and spectacles were found in different places at a
short distance. Two men and three women are now in cus-
tody, on suspicion of being implicated in the transaction ; their
names are William Robinson, John Pickersgill, Elizabeth
Woodhead, Elizabeth Brown, and Mary Wells. They have
been severally examined before Alderman Hall and 'Thomas
Beckett, and remanded for further examination this day.—
Leeds Ltelligencer.
ROBBERY AND ATTEMPT TO MURDER.—It may be remem-
bered that about a month ago three brothers, named Berryman,
were taken to Bow-street police-office, charged with having
robbed the house of Mr. Hancocks, a farmer, residing near
Bisley, in Gloucestershire, and also with having shot at the son
of Mr. Hancocks, who was in the act of reaching a gun from
the dresser when the fellows entered the kitchen • and one of
them, supposed to be James Berryman, deliberately levelled at
him and shot him in the face and neck. They then secured
the elder Mr. Hancocks, and the rest of the family, and robbed
the house of plate, wearing apparel, and other articles, together
with about 7U or 80 sovereigns. The prisoners, against whom
suspicion attached, were subsequently traced to London, and
taken into custody by Ellis, one of the Bow-street officers, as-
sisted by an officer attached to the police of Gloucestershire,
and having been generally charged on suspicion of the outrage,
they were ordered to be taken to Gloucester to be examined by
the magistrates of that place. Last Thursday week the pri-
soners were brought before Mr. Burgh and Mr. Hyatt, M.P., at
Painswick, near Stroud, and two of. them, Thomas and James,
were identified by the elder Mr. Hancocks. It was also proved
in evidence that the prisoners left London on Wednesday, the
31st of October, and proceeded by a van from Notting-hill to
Cirencester. The robbery took place on the night of the 2nd of
November, and on the following day they arrived at the Bird.
in Hand public-house, at Burford, a distance of about 24 miles
from Bisley. They appeared fatigued, and fell asleep in the
tap-room, and the next day they proceeded to London by a van,
having been absent about a week. The person at whose house
they lodged in London proved that they were in his debt for
rent before they went away, and that on their return they paid
him the amount, and that each of them wore a drab outside
coat, which they appeared to have recently purchased. It was
further proved that the van by which they returnedto town was
robbed of a quantity of gloves, and also a halo of goods, Which
had been forwarded from Worcester to a Mr. Leech of Lon-
don. The fragment& ef several pairs of gloves, answering the
description of -those stolen, were firund at the lodgings of the
prisoners, and other evidence having been produced, the pri-
soners Thomas and James were fully committed to Gloucester
gaol on three separate charges—namely, the robbery at Mr.
Hancock's, shooting at his son, and robbing. the van of pro-
perty mentioned. -Ellis and the other witnesses were bound
over to attend the trial,
