LIVER THEATRE,

Still Overflowing.—The Great Caledonian Magician has
been successful beyond any precedent—
YET HE MUST S FlOlO Li CLOSE.
in consequence of Ins prior Enga;!etnent,: to London.
Those ,%ho have not seen the Wonders of the hi-tam J M,-
gician must embrace the
_resent oppt,Hunity
uN TH IS EVENING, (Friday.) October sth, awl
N, J 1 Ever% Evening during the ensuing Week, THE
GREAT WIZARD OF THE NORTH will Perform his
feats, combining,
Wonders! Art ! ! Mystery!! ! Magic ! !!!
Seeming Impossibilities, Necromancy, and
THE GUN TRICK.
Admission—Boxes 2s. Pit Is., Gallery 6d. ; Children
under 12, admitted with Parties to the Boxes at ls. each.
Doors open at Seven, the Magician commences at Eight.
Carriages in attendance at Half-past Ten.
Lessons given in the Mystic Art.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Dr. Kanes third lecture will appear in our next.

Vie tiberpool ei-rtanbarb.

FRIDAY MORNING, OCT. 5, 1838.

Ccl' The PublicatiQn of the STANDARD commenced this
morning at 7 o'clock.

TAE WEST INDIES.—By her Majesty's packet Ty-

rian we have received papers and letters from Deme-
rara to the 16th, and from Barbadoes to the 23d of
August, with intermediate dates from the Leeward
Islands. The advices from Jamaica reach down to the
26th of August, and from St. Thomas' to the 3d of
September. Before we proceed to make any extracts
of our own from these papers we shall introduce the
summary of West Indian intelligence presented in the
city articles of the Morning Herald and the Times of
Wednesday, much of which is derived from private
sources, and is, therefore, probably less tinged with
party exaggeration than the accounts furnished by the
colonial journals.
The Morning Herald says—
" All the journals teem with accounts of the great
indisposition on the part of the emancipated negroes
to work, and in consequence many very important' es-
tates have been temporarily thrown out of culture ;
which, of course, is a very serious injury to the pro-
prietors. The rates of remuneration offered to the ne•
groes varies from eight to ten dollars per month, with,
in most instances, their cottage and garden ground
but in the island of Jamaica we find that overtures had
been made to give the negroes Is. Bd. per diem on su-
gar estates, which seems to be the governing rate of
all the colonies, and which in the end will, doubtless,
be accepted by them. This state of affairs has, of
course, created much anxiety amongst our West Indian
proprietors ; nevertheless all the letters from the dif-
ferent islands concur in stating that they consider that
no ill feeling prevails upon the part of the freed ne-
groes, but that it was a mere question of wages. This
dispute upon the value of their daily labour was, how-
ever, expected to cause the introduction of task work,
or rather work by measurement, to a much greater
extent than has hitherto been carried on in those set-
tlements.

"It is generally considered, by all well-informed
parties, that the emancipated negroes are not fully
aware of their altered position in the scale of society;
but that when the first ebullition of that feeling has
passed away, which might have been anticipated as the
consequence of their unconditional freedom, that they
will settle down to work. In fact, throughout all the
islands, it does not appear that there have been any
disturbances, although some petty thefts have taken
place in consequence of the absence of any preventive
police regulations. The intelligence altogether, has,
however, had the effect of cleating an advance in raw

sugars to-day."

The Ti7nes furnishes us with a very copious analysis
the news, which we subjoin :

" Considerable excitement continued to prevail
among the black population, and corresponding appre-
hensions existed among the planters and white people
generally : so far the symptoms of an approximation
to a friendly understanding about wages were as little
favourable as before. Some few instances are given
where the negroes had gone to work at 2s. 6d. per day,
which was considered too high a rate, as Is. Bd. was
thOught to be the most that could be afforded by the
planters, and even by the governor. The negroes, in
many cases, however, were demanding as high as one
dollar per day, and carmen ls. Bd. per mile for carting
sugar to the wharf, with the same sum for returning.
In the parish of St. Ann, a pimento planter hal offered
one half the crop to have it got in, but was refused.

In the mean time the towns were crowded with these
people daily, and on many estates not a soul was to be
seen but the proprietor with his immediate family. The
wandering habits thus contracted might not, it was
feared, be easily eradicated. There was abundance of
provisions supplied, and they were bringing to market
every thing that was saleable, stripping their provi-
sion grounds of all but what was necessary for their
on n immediate subsistence. The produce they were
idling away, and lounging about the piazzas of the
the town by night as well as by day. Notwithstand-

lug the gloomy character of these accounts, it may be
liciped that the nature of the evil complained of would
bring its own remedy. The habits of the negro have
not yet been formed to that providence which induces

to look to the future, so that when the produce of their
provision grounds was so completely exhausted as to
leave them no other resource, they would, in all pro-
bability, be induced of necessity to come to terms and
go to work. The differences appear to have been im-
prudently exasperated by the indiscreet zeal of certain
Baptist missionaries, who, if what is reported of them
be true in part only, have been more eager for agita-
tion than conciliation. One of these continues to be
particularly alluded to, being an individual who, on
the termination of the apprenticeship, had prominently
harrangued the free labourers on the subject of wages,
and himself arbitrarily fixed the rate. He (the Rev.
Mr. Knibb) was said to have addressed the governor,
as well as made his appearance before the bench of
magistrates, to complain of a letter which had been
aedressed to him, from what quarter or if anonymous
was not stated, conveying threats that he should be
waylaid and murdered.' He had, therefore, sent
round to collect his people to come and protect him"
and at the head of the large assembly so got together
came before the bench. But for him, he asserted,

'the town of Falmouth would ere now have been laid
in ashes.' He was said to have boasted that he could

command the assistance of 10,000 armed men.' It is
clear that such conduct, if correctly reported, was
highly reprehensible as well as dangerous to the pub-
lic peace, and had he been aware of anv'such secret
plot against the public peace, it was his duty on every
ground to have apprised the authorities of the danger.
Reports being spread among the negroes that he was
actually murdered, mobs collected in various places in
the parish of Trelawney, threatening that if such an
event had occurred they would murder all the buckraa
(white men) and lay every estate in the parish in a
heap of ashes,' crying out, 'Now the buckras will see
St. Domingo.' More stress was laid upon these an-
gry ebullitions than perhaps they deserved, although
the exclamation. last quotei was calculated doubtless
to create uneasiness. The application to thegovernor
for the appointment of a special commission to inves-
tigate ihe afThir of the threatening letter was declined
in a temperate reply. By way of appeasing the fer-
mentation, the governor himself had proceeded to se-
veral districts, addressing the negroes, and explaining
to them their real position and duties under the law
for the abolition of the apprenticeship. Precaution-
ary measures, it was understood, bad been taken in

the event of any outbreak„ and the military force ju-
diciously distributed.

"The accounts from Demerara to the 14th of Au-
gust were more satisfactory. It was stated that the

free labotirers on most etttates had resumed their em-
ployments, and were cond.ucting themselves to the sa-
tisfaction of the managers.' The general rate of wages
was 8 dollars per month on a scale of seven hours and
a half per day, with a comfortable cottage and gar-
den, besides being found in medical attendance. The
tour of the governor and his addresses to the negroes
seem to have been productive of beneficial effects.

"From Barbadoes, to the 22d of August/ the intelli-
gence was not so favourable. Half of the field labour-
ers were said to be still unsettled, or refusing to work.
The spirit of insubordination and defiance of the civil
power prevalent had caused recourse to parades of mi-
litary force, the appearance alone of which, however,
had been sufficient to prevent any actual disturbance.
"From Trinidad the dates are to the 22d of August.
The state of matters there was variously described, but
upon the whole was not so encouraging as might have
been expected. The negroes were in an uneasy hu-
mour, a great proportion not settling down to work
again, and a greater degree of uncertainty existing as
to the result of the new order of things t ILin before. On
twiny estates the labourers nad all lek t it,un ; in

O krt.• were insisjtig uni• .•
tiltiOnS, One, acid tile least: to Ue tolefaLiCi ui %%

the discharge of the managers, which if granted would,
of course, leave employers totally at their mercy. As
in Jamaica, hundreds of them had congregated in and
about town, and seemed disposed to become squatters
upon and about the hills in its vicinity. Large num-
bers were collecting together in the most ' retired vat-
lies,' upon every spot which promised to demand from
them the smallest exertion in procuring the necessa-
ries of life. Various ordinances explanatory and re-
pressive had been published to regulate the powers of
justices of the peace, for determining complaints be-
tween employers and labourers ;' for punishing sum-
marily malicious injuries to property;' for 'preventing
persons from settling on or occupying waste and un-
cultivated lands without authority ;' for the 'more ef-
fectual prevention of wilful trespasses on lands;' and
for 'establishing a system of rural police.' These se-
veral measures appear to be of a salutary character,
and well devised to meet the contingencies naturally
growing out of the new order of things, which in some
cases had, as will be seen, already occurred.
"From the island of Grenada papers to the 16th of
August record a similar state of things. The differ-
ences between the negroes and their employers were
far from being adjusted."
The journals which have reached us corroborate
most of the remarks contained in the preceding ex-
tracts. We are sorry to find in the Jamaica papers
continued complaints against the conduct of the Bap-
tist missionaries, who seem to emulate O'Connell
himself in their career of agitation, and probably
from the same selfish and ambitious motives as those
by which their Popish exemplar is influenced. These
men cannot be considered, by the utmost sti etch of
charity, to have the interests of the negroes at heart.
They would best consult the welfare of the newly
emancipated apprentices by urging them to return to
their employment, instead of inducing them, by in-
flammatory harangues and unreasonable suggestions,
to live in indolence. We all know the almost phy-
sical inclination of the negroes to habits of idleness.
It is, therefore, a matter of the utmost importance that
they should be encouraged to contract habits of indus

.ry at the very outset of their life of " liberty and

independence." Every possible expedient should be
resorted to for the purpose of inducing them to go to
work peaceably and contentedly. A regard for their
own ultimate welfare should prompt the missionaries

to use their best exertions for this desirable end.
From the following extracts it will be seen that the
aspect of affairs is somewhat improved ; but much
remains to be done before the anxieties of those wfto
are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies
are finally removed. The conduct of Sir Lionel
Smith, the Governor, is very loudly complained of in
the Jamaica papers. The Jamaica Gazette of the
18th of August remarks—" We publish to-day the
correspondence to which we alluded to yesterday ; and
however his Excellency the Governor may be deceived
by partial reports from partizans or factionaires—and
however he may flatter himself that every thing is
going on prosperously, yet HE must recollect that if
any unpleasant consequences follow, no plea of igno-
rance, or of having been deceived, can avail him ;
because, although a hireling and contemptible press
may suppress, palliate, or contradict the truth, or
metamorphose a vain wish or expectation into a posi-
tive fact, yet Sir Lionel Smith cannot deny that he
has been abundantly warned by tho nano r n. coat

inunications which hair app( rire:l in is wiper,
spontaneously forwarded to this office in,lll e% et;
direction at al t 1110 S. ute Dd z r tll lL •

unequivocally proving that there could be no Wan ot
concert, as has been wilfully practised on the other
side, to misrepresent the actual state of the island.
"We implore Sir Lionel Smith to discard from his
counsels the evil counsellors who infest his Vice Regal
Palace, and in the name of our injured country we de-
mand that Justice for the proprietors of Jamaica, which
has hitherto been denied them; for, independently of
the wrongs which have been inflicted on them by a fo-
reign commission ; every means have been adopted
to degrade, humble, and trample their spirits in the
dust. Such a bastard policy cannot endure much long-
ger ; for as uncivilized blacks have been assisted in
knocking off the fetters of slavery, so will civilised
men now that the last link (the apprenticeship) has
been destroyed, oppose every tyrannical invasion upon
their liberty, and, demanding, will adopt every lawful
and constitutional means to enforce what is right and
just.

give."

“ We trust Sir Lionel Smith will see reason to pause
in his career of mispolicv, or he may bitterly repent
the fatality which will attend his blind adherence to a
partial system of government that cannot elevate, but
can alone degrade the human mind.”
And in another paragraph the same journal re-
marks—

" As the negroes are, under the advice and direction
of Knibb, and the rest of the Baptist crew, exacting
exorbitant wages, as we know of no law which can
force a proprietor to pav more wages than his means
can afford, and as Sir Lionel Smith is countenancing

these mischievous political parsons, we must remind
His Excellency of the fate of the Dorset labourers,
who were transported for a similar combination to ex-

tort them."

We are sorry to find from the same paper that the
negroes are compelled by Mr. Knibb, and his kindred
agitators, to deprive themselves of the means of future
subsistence for the sake of enabling themselves to stand
out for a high rate of wages. We learn from the jour-
nal which we have already quoted that " the markets
had been so glutted with provisions for the last few
days, that many an unfortunate negro had been obliged
to carry his baskets, or drive his donkeys home." This
continued drain from their grounds and their stocks
must necessarily be felt hereafter. The negroes are
now evidently living " from hand to mouth," as the
proverb says. They are snatching the produce of
their lands as soon as it attains maturity, to enable
them, by its sale, to provide for their present wants.
This improvidence of the future will entail upon them
many serious inconveniences, especially in those cases
in which they have been, owing to their refusal to
work, turned out of their lands.

As it may be interesting to many of our readers to
learn the actual condition of the several parts of Ja-
maica, we annex a few extracts from the correspondence
of the Jamaica Gazette. A letter from the parish of
St. George's, dated August 14th, states—
" Since the Ist of August nothing has yet been
done towards the cultivation of sugar. On the other
hand, what little was left on the ground then by the
Stipes, &c., has since become a prey to the cattle. The
labourers have likewise taken every advantage of their
squatting commission, or three months' notice, in ap-
propriating it to the rooting up of the provision
grounds, &c.—leaving the place fruitless to any others
the industrious planter may wish to employ. The
house servants have also deserted, leaving us to cook
for ourselves. It is supposed that not above one-
third of the lately-made free population are now in
the negro houses. Where they are gone to have
not yet ascertained ; and what are left maintain such
silence as I never witnessed before, and calmly refuse
to tak eanvthing less. than 12s. 6d. per week, inde-
pendent of their houses, grounds, &c.—a sum which
must launch the proprietor in debt, I presume to

have some little knowledge of the negro character,
and think all so strange, that I deem it expedient to
be prepared with ammunition and arms under our very
pillows. Although a Stipe cannot come on a property
now to play his old mischievous pranks, he can still
advise the people to disagree with their employers
and managers. It is said one of them told a gentle-
man not far from this district, that the peasantry of
this parish would hold a meeting on Gualta Vale
Course, for the purpose of raising their wages. We
would be happy to enter into any fair agreement with
our old servants, would they leave their evil advisers:
however, they had better beware, as spies are on the
look-out."

The following extract from a letter dated Manchio-
neal, Aug. 14, shows the state of affairs in the parish
of St. Thomas in the East :

" The signs of the times are bad; we are all at a
stand-still here as yet, and no appearances of any
chance of a resumption of labour. Some are demand
ing 3s. 4d., some 55., and even as high as ss. 10(1.

wages a-day, with house and grounds. I have offered
work by the job, and that at the rate of 20s. per acre
for weeding rattoons, by which an able person can
easily earn Is. 3d. to is. Bd. a day, with house and
ground to cultivate—and cane holes to dig at the same
rate as I used to pay them on S* irdays, then they
had only that one day a-week, viz., sd. for twelve
ut which an able person ns,--1 rly to earn
3s. 4d., and frequently 4s. 3d., dal , ,1.-!llcing now
10d. a-day for house and ground, having clear 2s. 6d.
or 3s. 4d., as the person .may work, but no one will.
turn to work. They say they are not to take the same
wages now that they are free as they used to do when
they were apprentices. They evidently want a large
sum of daily wages, and do little or nothing for it.
On a neighbouring estate they have come to some
sort of terms, and the men were out yesterday work-
ing on the highway, I had occasion to pass that way,
and came suddenly upon them, found them in a group
with several baskets and hoes on the ground, and the
party quite idle. On seeing me they jumped to their
hoes, and pretended to be hard at work, in quite a
similar wa'y as I have seen in the olden time. How
this is to end, God knows I Our late special magis-
trate always gave opposition to the scale of task-work
approved of by the governor. This may in some
measure account for their not taking any job' work;
and there is a certain gentleman who resides in a very
conspicuous house, in the shape of a fine castle, on the
top of a hill not far off, who, I have no doubt, has a
good many words to say in ruling the roast.
" P. S.—l have thought it now necessary to give
notices to quit; to avoid excitement, I did not do it
before."

Mr. Edward Peart writes thus from the parish of
Manchester :

"Let no one persuade you that the negroes in the
slightest degree, evince the least symptom of gratitude
for the boon of freedom which has been conferred upon
them, the reverse is the case; instead of being cheer-
ful and happy at the change, they appear sullen and
discontented, and when spoken to are insolent, and
the offers made, liberal as they are, to induce them to
work, have been received with utter contempt, and
even the most respectable persons treated with insult.—.
How long this will last, God only knows. Two weeks
of idleness have now elapsed, during which, besides
the use of their houses and grounds, each labourer
might have earned from ten to fifteen shillings, and
where in a few partial instances the people turned out
to work on the Monday, after the Ist of August, a se-
cret influence was exercised to induce them to dis-
continue. This is neither more nor less than the re-
sult of bad advice. Would the political mountebanks
of this parish, instead of extorting under ridiculous
pretences, and for the'purpose of keeping up agitation,
the money from the negroes, instruct them to save it,
and work for more, then they would be in a greater
degree usefully employed, than by seeking for them-
selves ephemeral fame at the expence of the peace of
the community."

The same gentleman remarks—
" Every labourer went cheerfully to work on Ist
Monday in August, on my property, and continue to
go on, though great pains have been taken by emis
saries to dissuade them from it, saying they ought to
wait till the Queen sends word what wages they ought
to work for!"

We understand, from other communications, that
this idea, viz., the hope that the Queen of England
will interfere on behalf of the negroes, is very preva-
lently entertained. It is um, difficult to guess the au-
thors of this foolish delusion.
Another letter from Manchester states—

"I beg the favour of your cow rathc!ing a statement,
that appeared in The Despatch of the 10th, dated from
Providence, saying that this property was cleaning
coffee at Bs. 4d. per acre; such not having been the
case. Some of the people turned out ou Monday the
6th, and worked till Thursday the 9 u, (ha which they
were paid at the rate of 10(1. p.r .100 ~) and have
not since' resumed their work, Ow. ,11,' ~1(1 skulking
about among their houses, saying, as I ant informed,
that they won't go back unless they get Is. 3d. per 100
trees, which it is impossible to afford to give."
A letter from the parish of • Hanover, dated August

14, states—

" Up to the present moment not an estate has gone
to work, although fair and liberal wages have been
offered, and such is the pertinacity with which they
maintain the strike, that on many estates they will not
even attend to the stock who are eating the very canes
that would enable their employers to raise money to

pay them ; yet people are to be found, who secretly
tell the deluded creatures not to work under 2s. 6d.
per day—a sum no estate in this parish can afford to

From St. Elizabeth we learn, in reference to the
advice of the Governor, in his proclamation, that the
negroes should " spare their wives for heavy field
work, as much as they could," that considerable mis-

chief has been effected. One letter says—
" You are our best friend in giving publicity to our
ideas, and in making known our present grievances;
so I waive apology for trespassing on your columns.
It is impossible for words to express the injury done
to pitoprietors by the above unguarded e4ression from
the Governor. All our people insist upon it, that the
Governor recommended them to make their wives sit
down at home—and every effort from proprietor, at-
torney, overseer, or minister, is unavailing to Convince
them to the contrary. With us, if the husband turns
out, the wile will not, and vice versa."

Here we must stop for the present. We have, how
ever, much more to add to the same effect.

THE "LIVERPOOL" STEAM gives us much
pleasure to announce that the splendid steam-ship
Liverpool, belonging to the Transatlantic Steam ship
Company, was brought out of dock yesterday. Not-
withstanding her-immense size, she' received not the
smallest injury. At the moment she cleared the outer
gate three cheers were given by all on board, which
Were heartily re-echoed by an immense crowd on the
pier. Scarcely had she been safely moored in the ri-
ver, near to Seacombe, when we observed numerous
flats alongside, deeply laden with coals, for her voyage
to New York, for which city she starts on the 20th in
stant. This noble ship is certainly a credit to Liver-
pool, and the celerity with which she has been fitted
up reflects the highest honour upon the spirited com-
pany to whom she belongs. We have no doubt that
her speed will be found fully equal to that of the
Great Western, if it does not exceed it.

FIRE.—On Wednesday morning, in opening the Grand
Junction Railway Office, Lime-street, the treasurer's office was
found to be on fire, owing to soine soot having ignited between
the facing of the tire grate and the breastwork of the chimney,
which communicated with the floor and set fire to it; fortu-
nately it had not extended far when discovered; but if it had
taken place a few hours earlier, the range of offices, as well
as the adjoining buildings for their coach repairs, might have
been entirely destroyed.
An interesting meeting was held, at the Adelphi Hotel, on
Tuesday, of the members of the seven freemasons' lodges of
Liverpool, to consider the propriety of joining and sup-
porting a new life assurance company, which proposes to ap-
propriate a tenth of the annual profits to the benevolent
objects of masonry. Some very eloquent speeches were de-
livered, especially one .from a parliamentary agent of the
name of Nortbhouse, who gave an interesting narrative of
the progress of life assurance societies, and made a powerful
appeal in favour of the one for which he was professionally
concerned. The resolutions in favour of the company were
passed unanimously, and it was determined to form a branch
board for Liverpool.
ARRIVALS AT THE GRAND 'JUNCTION H or2.n.— Lord
Sondes, Mr. and Miss Cheeves, 'sir. Miss Pearson,
Lady E. Featherstone, Mr. and Mrs. N..wiiiiry Anil family,
John Austen, Esq., Mr. and Mr:. Hon.
T. H. Thurlow, Mr. and Mrs. Steele ao ; i ady Shaw
Stewart, Capt. Henderson, C. Bode.r., t.tinily, Mrs.
Currie, John Walker, Esq. and family, C. Newton, Esq.,
Col. Jones, Gen. Beresford, Mr. Protheroe, Mr. Bateson, Mr.
John Watts, Col. Gore Langton, D. Napier, Esq , Mr. and
Mrs. Wilson, I'. Farren, Esq., Lord Dunsaney, Matthew
Harding, Esq., Mr, and Mrs, Morgan and family,

TOWN COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.

A special monthly meeting, and by adjournment a quarterly
meeting of the Town Council was held yesterday, at eleven
o'clock, in the Town-hall.

SALE OF CHURCH ADVOWSONS.
In allusion to some statements in the report of the Finance
Committee that the advowsons of St. Ann's, St. George's,
and St. Paul's churches should be sold,
Mr. HENRY LAWRENCE said it struck him that the mode
in which the sales of church advowsons were made was ob-
jectionable. He thought if the sales were left to open com-
petition, more would be obtained, and he would suggest it to
the notice of the Finance Committee, that they should not
be fettered to sell by tender if the commtitee above would al-
low of any other mode of sale but by tender, they would not
allow the advowsons to be put up by auction.

COMMITTEES.

The proceedings of the Leases Committee, Improvement
Cornmitttee, and Watch Committee were then read and con-
firmed. It appeared from the report of the Watch Com-
mittee, that Mr. Leigh, one of the rate collectors, was a de-
faulter to the amount of £282 4s. 2d., and his accounts were
ordered to be examined by Mr. Ashlin's clerks, and another
collector appointed in his stead.

.SPORT OF THE MARKET COMMITTEE, IN REFERENCE TO THE

MATERIALS OF THE HOUSE IN NILE-STREET, &C

The Tow N-CLERK read the report of the above 'committee,
on the clause of the committee's report referred back for con-
sideration on the motion of Mr. Cooper. The report first set
forth, that the resolution on which the Surveyor acted, urged
that officer to proceed with as little delay as possible. The
Surveyor had reported to the committee since the last Coun-
cil, that in obedience to their directions, that be was to use
every despatch, he had addressed a note to Mr. James Wil-
son, requesting him to submit a tender for the materials of
the premises at the corner of Nile-street, excepting the bricks
and slates. He received a tender of £62 10s., it being un-
derstood, that in this offer the dressing and stacking of the
bricks and slates by Mr. Wilson was to be included. He (the
Surveyor) urged Mr. Wilson to give £5 more for the mate-
rials, to which that individual would not consent. The Sur-
veyor applied to Mr. Wilson, because his tender had on a
recent occasion been accepted by the Improvement Com-
mittee, it having been considered higher than the others. As
regarded the excavacation and tunnelling, the Surveyor re-
ported, that the basis of the agreement was at his option,
either for the gross amount if mentioned in Mr. Wilson's
tender, or at Is. 6d. per cubic yard ; but in consequence
of the giving way of the north, wall of the market, the ten-
der was altogether abandoned on the 18th September, and
this work was afterwards included in the general specification
prepared for tenders. The Surveyor stated, generally, that
he was instigated throughout, by a desire to push the work
forward. The committee reported, that under those circum-
stances, they thought the Surveyor justified in dispensing
with the usual course of public ad vertisement. Mr. Woods
had stated to the committee, that his price would have been
I s. 6d. per cubic yard, which was precisely the price reserved
to the option of the Corporation by the Surveyor, in Mr.
Wilson's tender.

Mr. COOPER said the surveyor had sold the materials of
the house in Nile-street for £5B Ios. He objected to the
confirmation of the report because Mr. Woods had said that
£7O was the fair price. He bad wished to be present at the
meetings of the committee, but he could not. He had asked
if he had not a right to be present at the meetings of the
committee; however as the committee would not allow him
to be present, he now stood before the Town Council to ask
for justice. Mr. Cooper went into some long details respect-
ing the plans, specifications, and the nature of Mr. Woods'
tender, and was proceeding, when
The MAYOR asked him if he intended to conclude his
speech with any motion; if not, he was irregular.
Mr. COOPER said he had made statements respecting the
tenders which he was forced to explain. He had a character
at stake as well as any member of that council.
The MAYOR said he could have but one wish, which was
to preserve regularity. If Mr. Cooper intended to object to
the report be could then proceed, and would be perfectly in
order.

Mr. COOPER, after some hesitation, said he did decidedly
object to the reception of the report.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE arose, Mr. Cooper being still on his
legs. (Order, order, from Mr. Currie.) Mr. Lawrence said
he thought Mr. Cooper having now explained wherein his
statement of what Mr.'Woods had said differed from the re-
port, he had sufficiently vindicated his character, and (Mr.
Lawrence was proceeding)
Mr. CURRIE said he thought Mr. Cooper perfectly compe-
tent to speak for himself, without having Mr. Lawrence to
speak for him; and he moved that Mr. Cooper be allowed to
proceed.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE. And I believe the Mayor is perfectly.
competent to preserve order in this Council, without Mr.
Currie to speak for him.
Mr. COOPER proceeded to say that the Council would have
saved £75 in this transaction if they had left it toopen com-
petition, and really he would put it to the Council if that
would not, in every instance, be the fairest way. He de-
clared, without fear of contradiction, that the materials
which had been sold for £SS 10s. were worth double the
money. Mr. Cooper, amid some other statements, said that
Mr. Wilson, the person to whom the materials had been sold,
was a publican and a reformer.
Mr. Henry Holmes said, as chairman of the committee on
that occasion, he might say he had never known of any ap-
plication from Mr. Cooper to be allowed to attend the corn-
mittee.

Mr. DAVID HODGSON said he would with great pleasure
second the motion of Mr. Cooper, that that report be not re-
ceived. He did not intend to enter into the merits of the
question as to whether this or that sum had been expended,
but he thought in all public questions it was not only proper
that they should deal fairly, but that their conduct should be
free from suspicion. He thought that it was not right that
Mr. Cooper had not been invited to attend the committee.
The amount of money in question was not large, but the prin-
ciple of a question was not influenced by the amount. He
hoped, therefore, they would refer the report back to the coin-
mittee, for re-consideration in the presence of Mr. Cooper.
He thought they were the more bound to this as Mr. Cooper
had stated that the individual to whom the materials were
sold was a reformer, and they knew well that these commit-
tees were composed almost exclusively of reformers. It was
very well known that reformers kept together, and that even
the laws of that Council were concocted in a public-honse
not very far from that room.

Mr. EVANS said Mr. Hodgson had called upon,the com-
mittee to plead guilty; but he, for one, would not plead
guilty. Not contented with that, he (Mr. Hodgson) had
launched into a libel upon the whole of the reform party.
He had declared that they met at public-houses, and that the
whole animus with which they had acted was one to answer

patty purposes, altogether regardless of the duties of their
situation, and the calls of common justice. He flung back
these calumnies upon the gentleman himself. Now, with
regard to the business of the market committee, in respect to
this matter, it had got into some confusion unquestionably.
The surveyor was urged to push on the business, and with
his great experience, apprehending. that delay might be of
great consequence, lie made an immediate arrangement at
what he deemed might be the proper value. Mr. Cooper had
from rivals got new tenders, and the parties had offered at a
higher rate. They had made offers in what he conceived to
be quite an anti-tradesman-like spirit. These offers were in-
stigated by a feeling of what he should be inclined to call
absolute spite. Men, under such excitements, did not look
at the absolute profit or loss. They said, " I'm determined
he sha'nt have it." Therefore, he was certain that these sub-
sequent offers formed no criterion of the fairness of the pri•
mare one, which was probably the fair value.
Mr. BOLTON spoke of the haste with which the work was
required to be done, and said it must be clearly understood
that the work which was not done by open contract was very
trivial. . . . . .

Mr. HIGGINs stated that Mr. Woods and the other indivi-
duals mentioned by Mr. Cooper, had been examined before
the committee. _ The committee never thought. of sending

for Mr. Cooper, but they sent for and examined Mr. Cooper's
witnesses. One of these said he estimated the value of the
building by walking round it, never having been in the house
for seven years, and not having ever purchased such a house
in his life: others, one of whom was a servant of Mr. Cooper,
made the estimate at Mr. Cooper's direct request; and upon
the reports of those persons, Mr. Cooper wished to make out
a mighty job.
Mr. eu It IE thought sufficient time had been spent in dis-
cussing this subject. Mr. Cooper had been asked for his
witnesses, and those witnesses had been examined. Mr.
Cooper seemed to hint that there had been a party feeling
in selling those materials to a reformer • and he would ask
that gentleman if the same charge could not be sent back
upon him, that in stirring this business, he was merely doing
so from political motives of an opposite tendency. He
thought enough had now been said on the subject, and that
it ought to be permitted to drop. At all events the Market
Committee could not be blamed in "future, if they went to
the expense of advertisements on similar occasions.
Mr. HENRY LAWRENCE said he thought the gentlemen of
the Market Committee were above having anything to do
with a job. Still he thought Mr. Cooper should be present
when the examination took place in the committee.
Mr. Woot.Litiotr said, that he believed by the rules Mr.
Cooper might, as a member of the Council, have demanded
to be present at the meetings of the Market Committee.
Mr. CooPER asked, if after what had occurred at a meet-
ing of the Watch Committee, when be had attempted to be
present he could have presented himself at any other com-
mittee. He called at Mr. Okill's office, and the clerk then
told him that he could not he present unless the resolution of
the council bad enclosed an order for him to be present. Mr.
Cooper replied to the observations of Mr. Higgins, and de-
nied that the individual to whom that gentleman had alluded
was a servant of his. Mr. Cooper concluded with stating,
that throughout the transation nothing had been heard of but
Mr. James Wilson—every thing was to be done by Mr.
James Wilson

The MAYOR thought some of the allusions made by Mr.
Cooper were disreputable to him and beneath the dignity of
the council. He thought it was always best to abstain from
attributing motives.
Mr. COOPER said be should wish instead of referring the
matter to the Market Committee to refer itto a Select Com-
mittee. _ _ _

Mr. H. LAWRENCE said that would be casting an imputa-
tion on the gentlemen of the Market Committee which he
could not sanction.

-
The matter then went to the vote, when there appeared for
Mr. Cooper's ►notion, that the report be referred back,
Messrs. John Holmes, James Heyworth, Hodgson, Shand,
Houghton, Barton, Mellor, Sands, Walmsley, J. Lawrence,
(3, Lawrence, Cooper, H. Lawrence, Wood, Higgins, Leigh,
Smith, G. H. Lawrence, and Robinson. Against the mo-
tion, Messrs. Logan, Thornhill, Harvey, Preston, Rawdon,
Frankland, H. Holmes, Bolton, Bircb, Woolwri ht, Bright,
Priestley, Lassell, Earle, Carson, Morecroft. Blackburn,
Mason, Cropper, Jordan, Currie, Ramsden, Duncan, Booth,
Hornby, Brown, Leathom. G. Holt, Jones, Evans, T. Holt,
Moon, Bulley, Freme, Barclay, 0. Heywortb, and the
Mayor.
Against the motion 38, for the motion 19.—Majority 19.
The report was received and confirmed.
The reports of the several committees were read and con-
firmed.

WAREHOUSES ON THE DOCK QUAYS.

The 111Avon;;idit was wished by the Dock Committee
that a report of their proceedings should be postponed for a
week, as there was some . business which would not be ar-
ranged completely till then, and a special council would be
convened for the purpose.
Mr. HonGsom said he wished to ask a question relative to
this subject.
The MAYOR said there could be no objection to Mr. Hodg-
son asking any question, but it was worthy of consideration
if the question might not cause the opening out of the whole
subject.
Mr. HonGsoN said if the subject appeased to admit of de-
lay, he should not seek for explanation ; but the subject was
so exciting, that, in his opinion, no delay ought to take place
in satisfying the public mind. It was understood that the
question was to be brought forward that day. ' He saw that
there was a larger attendance than usual, from the impression
that the subject alluded to would come on. He had only
learnt yesterday that the consideration was to be postponed,
but considering the present state Of excitement in the town,
he deemed it wrong to postpone it, for his wish was to allay
the anxiety prevalent in the town, and to prevent inconve-
nience. It would be understood by every gentleman present,
that he was speaking of the question of dock warehouses. He
asked what was intended to be done on this subject? It was
not merely for the information of himself and the Council,
but for tile information of the town at large that he asked.
There were many gentlemen there who had, at great incon-
venience, come from a considerable distance purposely to
vote on this question. He hoped such information would he
given as would show that they could not possibly go on with
the subject at the present moment, otherwise they were open
to a very serious charge.
Mr. LEATHOM said he bad no motive whatever in the de-
lay of any such motion as that glanced at by the last speaker,
on the contrary, the committee had every motive for hasten-
ing the business to a conclusion. Mr. Leathom went on to
show that the business aqd negotiations were its Stich a state

that the report could not have been made up, nor could the
matter have been brought before the Council sooner than the
time specified, (viz. next Wednesday.)
Some discussion ensued, as to whether the day fixedshould
be Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday next, meuibers having
named those three days as likely to prove most convenient to
them individually.
Mr. EVANS opposed the proposition for altering the day,
by doing which, he said, they would be sanctioning a princi-
ple that certain members need not attend except on crack
occasions.
Ultimately the Council went to the vote, and it was decided
that the meeting should be on Wednesday next.
REMOVAL OF THE HAYMARKET.
The MAYOR presented to the Council three petitions from
individuals averse to the proposed removal of theiHaymarket.
The petitions were numerously signed. The first was from
the farmers, signed by 306 residing northward of the town,
134 eastward, and 102 southward—total, 542. The second
was signed by 357 purchasers of produce, and the third by
507 tradesmen and others.
Mr. SMITH wished the petitions to be referred to a select
committee.
Mr. ROBINSON, seconded by Mr. BIRCH, moved that they
be referred to the Finance Committee.
Mr. SMITH, seconded by Mr. LOGAN, moved that they be
referred to a select committee to be appointed.
Mr. CURRIE presented a petition from the inhabitants of
North Toxtetb, praying that if there were a market at the
north, there might also be one at the south, which, Mr. Cur-
rie said, was a reasonable request.
Mr. H. LAWRENCE said it ought to be understood that there
was never any intention of removing the market at all, unless
one were given to the south also.
After some remarks from Mr. RAMSDEN, and a brief dis-
cussion, the Council went to the vote, when there appeared'
for Mr. Smith's amendment 24, against it 33.
Mr. RAMSDEN thought the distance of the proposed t..ai
from all points would be a source of the greatest incuo‘tl.l-
- The market ought to be in some central situation.
He moved another amendment—that the Finance Commit-
tee be requested to take again into consideration, with the
Market Committee, the question of the removal of the Hay-
market, and particularly if some central site cannot be fixed
on that will be more suitable than the removal to the north
end of the town.
Mr. Molieceoer seconded the resolution. -
Some conversation ensued, and the amendment fell to the
ground. It was agreed that the petitions should be referred
to the Finance Committee. -
A letter from the Rev. Wm. Maynard, chaplain of the
Mariners' Church, requesting to be allowed the use of a
building at the corner of Sewell-street for a school in con-
junction with the above church, was referred to the Finance
Committee.
A mass of communications on the subject of the alleged
nuisances arising from Chemical works, in Vauxhall-road
and elsewhere, were read to the Council, and referred to the
Town-clerk.
Mr. Alderman JONES called the attention of the Council
again to the state of the alkali works at the north end of the
town, and stated, without pointing to any particular names,
that he could, from his own personal observation, and also
was confirmed by the testimony of many persons who had
spoken to him on the subject, inform the Council that the
works were really still continued, and called on the Council
fully to carry out the future suppression of these nuisances.
APPOINTMENT OF A SURGEON TO THE BOROUGH GAOL.
The report of the Gaul Committee on the above subject
was read. The committee reported that they had caused the
proper advertisements to be inserted in the newspapers, and
had received twenty-two applications, all of which had had
their consideration. Out of those they had elected for the
consideration of the Council three, namely those of Mr.
Francis Archer, Mr. John Blackburn, and Mr. James
Chamber Ferguson.
Mr. BLACKBURN spoke at some length respecting the ap-
plication of his son, who he said had been exceedingly anxious
for the situation. He, Mr. Blackburn, notwithstanding that
his son was his partner in business, and the law on that sub-
ject, did not conceive that there was any thing wrong or
illegal in the application, as he should not have touched one
penny of the emoluments. To be assured that he was cor-
rect in this notice, he took the liberty of asking the Town!
clerk, who perfectly coincided with him in his opinion. Mr.
Blackburn concluded, by announcing, that in compliance
with the advice of some friends his son had withdrawn his
application. Mr. Blackburn left the room when he had
finished his speech.
The MAYOR in confirmation of Mr. Blackburn's notice of
the law of the case, caused the Town-clerk, to read an
opinion of Mr. Crompton which had been obtained upon the
subject. Mr. Crompton's opinion was, that the appoint-
ment of Mr. Blackburn's son, would not disqualify mr.
Blackburn.
The MAYOR said, if the Council received the withdrawal,
they must proceed to elect one of the other gentlemen.
Mr. HARVEY proposed to the Council Mr. James Cooper.
Mr. EVANS recommended that the subject should be again
referred to the committee, as Mr. Coopei's name bad not
been brought before the Conncil, and the present ptoceed-
ing would lead to great irregularity.
Dr. CARSON supported the proposition of Mr. Evans. It
was opposed by Mr. Currie and others.
Mr. WALMSLEY said, without wishing to throw any obsta-
cle in the way of Mr. Cooper's election, he thought it right
to remind the Council, that Mr. Cooper had already a situa-
tion on the Watch board, for which he received £BO per
annum, and that salary was about to be increased.
Mr. MASON seconded the nomination of Mr. Cooper.
Mr. LOGAN proposed Mr. Francis Archer.
Mr. CURRIE seconded the motion, and put it to the Court,
cil, whether they would confer on Mr Cooper two situations,
and that at the moment when they were about to enlarge his
salary for that which he at present held.
Mr. SMITH moved that Mr. Ferguson be appointed.
The Council went to the vote, when the members were.—
For Mr. Archer 32, fur Mr. Ferguson 16, for Mr. Cooper 5.
The fire police rate was passed at a halfpenny in the pound.
A long report of the town-clerk on the powers of the
Council, oy th• nselves. and their committees, to make by!
laws, was lead and coutii med.
The Council adjourned at three o'clock, to Wednesday
next at eleven o'clock.

I'HE LONDON JOURNALS IN TWENTY-FOTAIbsI.INT
H 0 U R S. -:,l3lDiagritl

At eleven o'clock this forenoon, the London morning jour- "
nals of yesterday, despatched by the railway mail at eleyen '1
o'clock, were delivered at our office—having been thus trans- z'
milted from the British metropolis to Dublin in twentv-four
hours. Those journals were received by the Messrs. .iohn- '
stun, of Eden-quay, through the City of Dublin Company's
vessel, the Ballinasloe, which left Liverpool last night at nine
o'clock, thereby proving the superiority of that route, as the
channel for conveying public correspondence between Lon-
don and Dublin.

We are happy to learn that the enterprising directors of
the City of Dublin Company have determined to accommr,-
date the public by starting a vessel from Liverpool every
evening at eight o'clock.—Dublin Evening Mail.

We have seen a model of a ship's windlass, with a
purchase" applied to it: The appli,,tion is simple •:. •
genious, and, we believe, is the invention of Mr. "1. Al.
Gladstone, of this town, who has taken out a patent for the
machine. It has the decided approbation of Lloyd's sur-
veyors, as being the must effective purchase hitherto used for
getting a ship's anchor. Several have been fitted to vessels
of the largest class—the Ganges, of 727 tons; Intrepid, 300
tons.; and the Adam Lodge, 567 tons. And we understand
the makers, Messrs. Gladstone, Eddowes, and Co., have
numerous orders: the Garrow, British Merchant, and others,
are about to be supplied. We believe a model is to be seen
this day (Tuesday), at the Underwriters' Room, in order
that shipowners may have an opportunity for observing its
construction. It is worked with the handspike, without
fleeting, and its strength, simplicity, and effectiveness are
most consnicuous.—Mail.

THE MaiLs..—Several of our local contempOraries having
published an erroneous statement of the hours'adopted under
the new regulations at the Police-office, for the arrival and
departure of the mails, we have applied for and obtained
from authority the following correct copy of the arrange-
ments :—On and after Monday, Ist October, 1838, the de-
spatches to London will be as follows, viz. :—At 5 45 p.m.,
(the letter-box tieing closed at 5,) to arrive in London for
the first delivery the next morning, taking the letters for
Bristol, Exeter, Falmouth, &c. At 230 a.m., (the letter-
box being closed at 2,) to arrive in London about 2 30 p.m.
the same day, taking also the bags for Wigan, Chorley,
Preston, Lancaster, Burton, Kendal, Penrith, Carlisle,
Glasgow, and Edinburgh; heretofore sent at 850 a.m. The
despatches at 3 20 p.m. and 6 20 a.m. will be discontinued.
The foreign post despatch on Tuesday and Friday mornings
will be at 230 a.m. The arrivals from London will be due
at this office about 8 a.m.; letters ready for delivery at 9 and
at 10 p.m.—lbid.
LORD JOHN RUSSELL IN LIVERPOOL.—On Tuesday morn-
ing Lord John Russell arrived here from Dublin, in the
Postoffice packet. He is the guest of the mayor,. William
Rathbone, Esq., at Green-bank, during his stay. In the
morning he visited the Custom-house. in company with his
worship and, Francis Jordan, Esq. His presence, however,
attracted lithe attention. He subsequently went on 'Change,
when his reception was so cold that he may, perhaps, be led
to reflect on the popularity of the ministry of which he is so
distinguished a member. He walked on the flags with the
Mayor, and two or three other gentlemen, and passed with a
slight notice into the news room, a comparatively small
number following. On Lord John's entering the room and
leaving it, an attempt was made to get up a reception by
clapping of hands, but few joined. He then proceeded to the
underwriters'-room, unattended except by his original fol-
lowers. Lord John re-crossed the flags to the Town-hall in
silence. Such is the popularity of her Majesty's first Secre-
tavy.
THE STEAMER LIVERPOOL—This fine vessel, which has
been purchased from Sir John Tobin by the Transatlantic
Steam Company, is now in course of outfit for the trade be-
tween this port and New York. She is a superb vessel, and,
like those steamers which have been most successful in their
voyages to distant lands, she is of great length. This is ob-
vious enough from the quay, but is not until a person stands
on the deck that he has a proper notion of the great distance
from stem to stern. The engines of the Liverpool are from
the manufactory of Messrs. Forrester and Co. In point of
speed, it is expected she will evince qualities of the highest
order. Such is the forward state of her preparations that she
is expected to be ready, by the end of next week, to take an
experimental trip to Dublin.

Slit()'N U Ei)11'1()_\.

Standard o.ffice, Three o' Clock.

LIVERPOOL MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5.

Pending the usual deliveries from the farmers, who avail-
ing themselves of the continuance of beautifully fine weather
for clearing up the harvest iu the Northern districts of

Britain and Ireland, we have received very scanty supplies
of English and Irish produce generally since Tuesday;
and those of Foreign are confined to 3516 qrs. Wheat, with
1500 barrels of Flour, which have arrived hi time to pay the
duty of 10s. Bd. per qr. on the former, and 6s. sd. per barrel
on the latter, now raised to 16s. Bd. per qr., and 10s. 04d. per
barrel for the ensuing week.
During the period between Tuesday and to-day, the Corn
trade throughout was rather calm without any change in
prices,—and at our market this mornicg, the only variation
noted in the value of any article, from the currency of our .
last circular, is a declirle of 2d. per 70 lbs. in Irish new
Wheat, for which there was a very limited sale; upon a re-
vived demand, however, for most descriptions of old, the
transactions, particularly in good samples of foreign, were
tolerably extensive.
