CLOSE OF_THE EXHIBITION. t . FORE iG N IN Tii,'L LIG E ..1' C.E .
9:11-IE-V. Ell PIT lON of the Werk Modern
sof Artists will • .
st. continue OPEN dailv until SATURDAY. tile 26th insta,a. • SPAIN.
,visr,e it: wi,l be Ertl Ily cie;eil; also, every E iening,• le il,iantiy - (Front the Correcpondent of the Morning Herold.)
rtaiusarr4 ars.o sv GAS,. froin Seven to Ten. .• - . -Baissine,'NoV. 3, half-past six, p.m.—The second readiug of
,t.Adinitt awe. One Shilling; Catalogues.-.One Shilling. I the propositious relative to the Regency was carried,. there be-
- I'.
SA AIL. I';GLINGTON,' Secretary to the Academy. m (oily 11 votes against.
1::7-eitibiriett. Rwint.t. Po:doffice-place. Satz was defeated on the 24th ult., at Sales, by Castanon.
e: e'i 1 • .•
--:...-----.---- There is nothing new from Bilboa. 'lwo Christina battallous
have proceeded from Santander to Poi tugalete.
. .- - LIVER / 'OOl, AN-DJ/ANC/JESTER RAIL Wil Y. News is expected every moment of an engagement between
.. . . ,
• - AD DI 1 101-;L FIRST CLASS TRAIN- ' -.• Villareal and Espartero.
~,.), ,
IVOTICE IS HEIti?4I3Y GIVEN,- that on and after ~
Bayonne, Nov. 5, half-past six, p.m.—lt was on the 24th that
~-.4..-1, Traa;stsoa Y. the 21th of Neveiuber instant there Wil.l be
Gomez took Almaden. Rodil arrived on the nextclay, after
, after
m fa FIRST' CLASS COACH TRAIN to ,
- departuretae of the Carlists, whom he has followed into Estre-
wr-A'rrr fc:,rn Liverpool and -'alaucheSter every rsierning at
madura-, he was at Vainurejo on the 23th. It is said Gomez
NINE e'cleck : that on and after the seine dav the present .
arrived at Guadeloupe on the 27th. Nothing new front Bilboa.
TEN' 4.rCLOCK FIRST CLASS TRAIN will -8 IA ItT.l On the 3d Colonel Lebeau proceeded with his division to Ribera,
from eneh ens! at ELEVEN; end the present HALF-PAST ; to support the movement of Es asters.
-TEN O'CLOCK SECOND CLASS I It AIN will START .
Bayonne, Nov. 6, seven, p.in.—On the 28th Gomez was at
at TEN.
' - ' Guidalupe,.and Roth! at Mobaj as, in the vicinity of the bridge
.The.followirle, will be ;the Times of Departure from Manches-
,
of Arzobispo, to. dispute the passage. No news front Alaix.
ter, and Liverpool on and. after the 24th instant till further Espartero and Villareal were in the neighbourhood of Baline-
toetice :
I ceda' Nothing from Bilboa: Nov. 6, 10 o'clock, p.m.—Let-
-.; - SieVeSt o'Cr.ocx FIRST CLASS "FRA iS:. 1: ters from Saragossa of the 4th state, that General San Miguel
qv-vier-pa-4 Seven :gerund Class Trots_ took Cantaviej aon the 31st. General Lopez, 4tX) officers, and
. ; NiNa o'ct..oce tries r. CLASS.
900 privates were found confined. in the different prisons. The
'ice o'Cluck • SePand Cla.s. garrison and the inhabitants have abandoned the town.
V 1 "0/111.1 n'CLOCK '.... FIRST CLASS. Bayonne, Nov. s.—An orderfroin the Junta of Navarre has
• 7'welve ('Cluck Second Mfg. . 'enjosnd all the young men wh, may have been married since
Two o'Cr.ocx Sec
Ciass. the '24th Julie, to present themielves at Estella on the 4th in-
• 7-4 o'clock ' S'ecoud Clan. the
on pain of being immediately arrested, and being sub-
FIVE o'Cr.oce. F lase' et.s.s.s. jested to the severest penalties.
Ifalf-past Five So'<ond Claw. , A battalion of. mobilised National Guards, consisting of 800
SU'.'hN o'Cforg Mt x et, 'rite tN of First arm infantry and 20 cavalry, arrived on the 30th ult at Soso, a vil-
„second Class Coaches, stopping oniv at Newton.—By order of lage of Aragon, situat-e, at the distance of a league. from San-
the Directors. II ENICY BOOTH, Treasurer. guesa. Just as the men entered the village they commenced
Linte.,tre4 Station, Liverpo,l, Noy. 10, 1836. singing Riego's hytnn, accompanying it with shouts of "The
i-Coustittition for ever!" This battalion together with some
companies of chapelgorris from Navarra, will form a flying (.0-
'lu/tin-to protect couriers, and escort convoys from Sanguesa to,
Pampeluna and Tafalla. ,i•
In order to remedy the numerical diminution which has taken
place. in .the' battalions of Navarre since the Ist September, in
consequence of losses from deaths, wounds, or discharge from
military service, General Garcia forwarded a statement to the
Junta or that kingdom, to demand that all possible measures
might he taken to place the above-mentioned battalions on an
equalfoating, in point of numbers, with those of the provinces
.ot -Alava, Biscay, and Guipuzcoa. The Junto has decided that
in-future all the young men Who are or may be mobilised, Ella!!
form part of the Navarrese battalions, till each of the latter
shall amount to 80U or 900 men.
It is quite positive that the Junta of Navarre and General
Grecia have proposed to the General.in.Chief, Villareal, to as-
sist him in laying siege to Puente la Reyna, which is scarcely
supplied. with provisions -for eight days longer. On the 31st
ult. 65 Carlists, who were wounded in the siege of Bilboa. and
amongst the number three officers of the 2d battalion of Na-
varre, arrived at the hospital of,lrtiche.
The Junta of Armament and Defence, established at Pans-
pefuna, has published a &rade, ordering all tnales between the
ages of 17 and 50,-- without; distinction of persons, to take up
arras. in defence of the Constitution. The consequence is, that
a number of persons of the class referred to have abandoned the

EaOuranrc Notirr.

SUN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY,
COIeXHILL', LOADO,V.
sraNsGtrot.
CHARLES POLE, Eel., Treasurer.
Charles Boui;on,-Escr. • lveri Ladbroke, Esq.
Theilon. Pleyileßßouverie Felix-Lndbroke, Esq.
WiLiant Bu ride, Esq. . C. Suave Lefevre, Esq.-, M.P.
Joint Es-q. The Hon. Ilugh;.Litrsitiy.
Harry Cli,,ster, Esq. Charles Little(lale, Esq.
JamesCautpbell, Jun., Esq. _Henry Littlechtle,-Esq..
Thontas Dorrien, Jun., Esq. - Geo. Varde Norman, Esq.
John Mt:ma:owl.. Esq. I, Brice Pearce, Esq.
-Charles Boil Ford, Esq. f Charles Richard Pole, Esq.
ltd. Hamilton, Esq. .i Geo. Smith Thornton, Esq.
Edward ii,irmetu, Esq.
Joshua 'Milne, Actuary.
/TIME MANAGERS having had PREMIUMS calculated
prop,rtioi.al to the value of the risks at different periods of
Life, which, under 43 years of age, when the Assurance is for
the whole of Lite, and ',littler 55 fbr shurtor periods, are consi-
derably lower than are generally required, Tables of Rates,
with the conditions of Assurance, may be had at the Sun Life-
office, in eornhill, and at the Sun Fire-office, in Craig's-court,
London; also of any of the Agents for the Sun Fire-office.
Teti Rates of the'Sun Fire-office have been greatly reduced;
the Ad va ta go; of the reduction are immediate and certain, and
no Person :allured in that Office is liable to the risk of Partner-
ship. Since the reduction of Rates Twenty-two Offices, chiefly
those lately established, have discontinued Insuring against
Fire.

Three Carlists in disguise lately carried off a drove of oxen
belonging to the hospital of Pampeluna, and also the the two
shepherds who were wa►ching the animals. This occurred at
the distance of 40 paces front the farthest Christino outpost of
Pampeluna. . .
Desertion is increasing to a most scandalous extent in the
legion of Algiers, the men 'bekm,:ing to which are daily going
over, by twenties and thirties, to the enemy. Withiu these
few last days a battalion of Algiers and a company of Chapel-
gorris marched to Balcarlus to take up a convoy and escort it
to Pampeluna.
- Don Basilic) Garcia, who has been acquitted by the Court-
martial by which he was- tried, was lately at Los Amos, with
his battalion and the.Sth battalion of Navarre.
Brigadier Don Leon Iriarte has ordered all the Alcaldes of
the valleys on tare Christ/0o line to enjoin all Carlist deserters
in the different villages to proceed to Pampeluna, where they
are to take up arms. On the 29th ult. the half of a company of
A ragonese Chapelgorris deserted from the village of Tajonar,
two leagues from -Pampeluna, because they had not received
their pay. Two companies of the seine corps immediately
marched in pursuit of, but failed in coming up with the de-
serters who have committed all sorts of excesses in the villages
through which they have passed.
By order of the Viceroy, ad interim, of Navarre, all the
church plate is being collected in the villages of the Riberaand
other places on the military line, and, as fast as it is collected it
is forwarded to Pampeluna by the Commissaries charged with
the execution of time measure.
' The Citrate of Dello has destroyed two bridges on the road
from Vittoria to Salvatierra. The former city is iu a more de-
plorable state than if it were besieged, neither wood, coal, nor
any species of provisions being allowed to enter the place.
It is confidently asserted that the Spanish Government is on
the point of sending two Commissaries to the seat of war.
It appears that Villareal offered battle to Espartero,'who de-
clined it. The town of &lino_ is still besieged, whatever may
have been said to the contrary; and this is the day announced
by the Carlists as that on which they intend to strike a decisive
blow against the place. Some troops that were on their march
to join Esrartero, who had written to the Government that he
had not sufficient forces to attack Villareal, have just been re-
called to Madrid. This circumstance proves that the cause of
the Constitution is not prospering in the South, since, by she
withdrawal of a considerable portion of troops from Bilboa.
that towu is exposed to the danger of falling into the power of
the Carlists. A part of the materiel of.the siege which Villa:
real had withdrawn from Bilboa, to enable him to meet Espar-
tero, has been renlaeed.

PORTUGAL.
'e have intelligence from Lisbon to the 27th nit. The DiarioDo
Gorersto of the 24th contains a decree regulating the natu-
ralisation of foreigners. Lisbon was tranquil, but much public
.trud, private distress prevailed in all quarters of the country.
The decree convoking the Cortes at Lisbon has at length been
issued ; they are to meet ou the 18th or January.
Listiort, Oct. `24.—Littio or no news of any importance has
occurt,l during the past week, excepting the disappearance or
Don Miguel. from ,the. territory of the Duke of Modena, where
he has been. collec"iini awl organizing a military force fur the
purpose of making a descent on some part of the Coast of Por-
tugal,- supposed to be that of Algarve, and where it is reported a
steatn•boat has arrived, and lauded some artillery and otliceriof
diitinction,lvhickhas'ereated. great alarm here.
General Bacon sailed last week for Lisbon, by invitation of
numerous British' officers, claimants on the Portuguese govern.'
ment, whose accounts it is ready to liquidate. The claims which
he has to make amount to nearly EIO,UIO. He has, we under-
stand, a special-invitation from Madrid to repair thither for the
purpose of taking the command of two or three thousand cavalry,
to be raised and cluipped in this country. The general is to act
independently of Evaus'scorps, and to be under no Spanish chief.
Twelve or. fourteen ships of war, English and French, were
in the Tagus, in a threatening position. The Queen made an
excursion down the river, almost under the guns of the two
squadrons, which saluted her, and the band of music struck up
Don Pedro's favourite air,. instead of that of the constitution.
'['he Portuguese Ambassadors at London, Paris, and Brus-
sels, and the Charges-d'Affaires at Copenhagen and Rome,
following the example of Prince Ferdinand, and almost all the
nobility and clergy and most respectable part of the Portuguese
nation, have refused to take the oath to the constitution of 182'2.

BELGIUM.
BilussEns, Nov. B.—This being the day fixed for the opening
of the session of the Chambers, his Majesty repaired in person
to the Palave of the Nation,,:t here he was received with the
usual formalities, and, having taken his seat on the throne, de-
livered.the following speech:-
4' Gent/eiaen,—
"Voiir session opens under happy auspices.
" I continue on terms of friendship and good understanding
with foreign powers.
" 4ly government has been able to maintain our rights, by-
defending with persetierance the position acquired by the coun-
try, and guaranteed by treaties.
"The laws for the organisation of the communes and pro-
vinces. sad that which regulates the higher branches of educa-
tion, have been carried into effect.
"The electing of municipal and provincial councillors has
been r!goiativ effected. lam persuaded that they will answer
to the views :if their constituents aiid the juit expectations of
the country, by always manifesting in their labours that spirit
that ran appreeiate the institutious that it hes
wkdom, prudence, and moderisto,o, which becornesa P"Ple
giVen to itself.
cm-
petition, t
t )t,e,,, -
of the jury of examina-
tion, Witt contribute to extend among us inure and more the
domain 1,1 knowledge.
" The project of law on theliiimary find intermediate schools,
which
isduc to he submitted to you,. will complete the system of
public eation.
and minufactures are in a prosperous condition.
The constant- object of the efforts of my government is to con-
;tea our iuterests more closely with other nations, and thereby
to give tti,se important, hranches :if public wealth a more fre'e
scoile and dewdevelopeinents.
"The l,iw Un the Mines will give rise to a more extensive
working of
.our coal Mines.
" I return thanks to. Divine I rovidence for having fulfilled
the wishes of the farmer by blessing the country with au abund-
ant harvest.
'The works of the iron railroads proceed with activity. The
of y gov.fir, ItiVen ,
who see iennttehreprti,sx%ceuotinioenideost.
tiinati;hinealpgr
excited province by
solicitude_
with the opinion of to
the".4'efh‘e.oerkrnsliali:;i7U.swri whrce
ich ho prosperity
ifi.s.beei i
on of the inland navigation
the vote or the Subsidy for ordinary roads will bear,good fruit.
"The improvement and extension
are objects of serious attention and assiduous care.
"A project of law will be presented to you rainingcon enact-
ments calculated to secure the maintenance of the roads in the
country, and to prevent encroachinents.
its particular
von have more than ouce manifested, has directetl
government, , in
,conformity with the intentions which
attention to the fine arts. Success has justified our expectation.
The excellence which our artiste have already attained gives
us hope of the return of the illustrious days of the old Flemish
school

" Learning and science, encouraged with discernment,
follow the improvement of the arts:
" The budgets for 18:37 will be immediately laid before you.
1 have the satisfaction to announce to you that a considerab4t
reduction of she floating debt will he proposed to you. Thouch
•the excise on sugar may be said no longer to afford a profit to
the treasury, the interest as it is will suffice fur the wants of the
state.

4'!'his result, gentlemen, attests the prosperity of our finances.
You will not forget that the burden of the loan contracted for
the continuation of the iron rail-roads, and the extension of the
ordinary roads, is elreadv borne entirely by the Treasury, eihieh
does not enjoy all the reivantaees that the employment of them
gill produce in :he sequel. This loan has been realized on ad-
vantageous terms, the mode of its emission has consolidated the
national
remitvt it enjoys. manifesting to Europe the resources and the
confidence
The collection of the taxes in
na
general, and ezpeciallv the land tax, which is now more equi-
rally
apportioned, is effected with the greatest regularity. • .
o 1 have well founded hopes that peace will not be interrupt-
ed;
yet
prudence makes it.our duty. to remember that the army
of a neighbouring state is maintained on our frontiers in a
menacing attitude. So long, therefore, as this state of thing's
remains nnehanged, we are obliged to keep up a military estab-
Li:in-tent which may secure the defence of the country.
"The annual assembling of the troops in „auttts
greatly
con.
tributes to then instruction and •discipline. We have, to our
• great satislactien, convinced ourselves by recent experience of
the happy result. •
we are persuaded that you will readily vote the sums that
are judgedlO be necessary for this important part fifth, service.
It is to he desired in the present session that the Chamber
Ines- l'e'itlite.to- vote the laws relative to the military school and
and 1-ensiotio.-
!" The !country, gentlemen, takes an interest in your labours;
it 'has gratefully seen'every usefdl result of them. The session
now cominenatitt again calls your attention to important sub
jests. We have: I am certain: but one and the thought,.
the •s;i me ambition, viz.;- the enryltivtprosperity of tbe country.

To attain this iii,ject, you inav depend ou Inv constaut efforts
I depend On your frank _and ',ajliire'.co-operatijiu."
The asbeaddy adjourned to the hdianig: day.

UN" iI'ED AT E S. • -
A reverend gent;eman in the Unit.:d :tates has ju't been sen-
tenced to three inuutns' iininisoument . for giving a lecture
against slavery !
