TUESDAY.

ELtCTION PETITIONS against the returns for the city of Londonderry
and the boroughs of Clonmel and Montgomery, were ordered to be
taken into conikteration on the 91st of March ; against the returns for
the town of Southampton, .and the borough of Rippon, to he taken
into consideration on the 26th of March ; a petition complaining of the
return for Coventry, on the 26th of March; a petition complaining. of
the return for the south division of Northumberland, on the 28th of
March ; a petition complaining of the return for Portarlington, on the
28th of March ; a petition complaining of the return for Carrickfergus,
the 28th of March ; a petition complaining of the return for Mallow,
the 2d of April ; two petitions complaining of the return for Galway,
the 2d of April ; a petition complaining of the return for Weymouth
and Melcombe Regis, the 6th of AlAril.
PETITIONS were presented against the stamp (Mies, from certain
solicitors of Dublin, by Mr. SHAW ;--bv the same bon. member, from
he Protestant conservative society of Ireland, graying that the quali.

. fication of members of Parliament, might be raised and strictly en-
forced ;—for the abolition of sinecure places and pensions, the repeal
of the duty on hops and soap, a modification of the corn laws, an ex-
tension of the sufirage, vote by ballot, and triennial Parliaments, from
certain persons employed in the Carron iron-works, by Mr. GuLow ;
—for vote by ballot, from members of the Warwick political. union, by
an hon. MEMBER unknown in the gallery ;—from the householders of
the city of London, assembled at Guildhall, by Mr. GROTE :—for a n
duction of the duty on soap, from Kincardine, by-Mr. Hymn ;—for the
immediate abolition of negro slavery, from seven different places in
the county of Fife, by Mr. JOHNSTON ;—from the clergymen of Ash-
burton, by Mr. WILKES ;—from. Stockton-on-Tees, by Mr. Pease ;--
from Perth, by Ms. OLIPHANT ;—for some legal provision to enforce,
the better observance of the Sabbath, from Wisbeachby.Mr. Tow
LEY, the prayer of which was supposted by Capt. Yorke ;—from a
Larish in Suffolk, by Sir G. GREY ;—from a place in Derbyshire, by
ord WATERPARK ;—from Broadstairs, in Kent, by Mr. PLI;MPTREE ;
from a religious congregation in Scotland, by Mr. MACKENZIE.
Mr. COBBETT observed, that petitions of this nature <same from Ta-
rious Protestant congregations, but it was somewhat singular that none
proceeded from Catholics.
Mr. O'CONNELL.—Yet no class of Christians were so strict as to the
attendance at divine worship as the Catholics. Indeed, it was deemed
a mortal sin for a Catholic to absent himself from divine worshie.
Mr. Kismocii said that he altogether doubted the wisdom or pro-
priety of bringing in a bill on this subject. At all events, if well bill
should at all tend to interfere with the innocent amusements of Hsi
people, he for one would never consent to itt. (Cheers.)
Sir A. AGNEW said, that the object of the bill, of which he had given
notice upon this subject was to protect every Man in exercise of his
conscience upon the Sabbath-day.
Mr. COBBETT observed, that the laws already in existence fully pro.
vided for the object of the petitions. Were the laws on the subject to
be made more strict than they were at present, he was quite satisfied
that much mischief, instead of benefit, would be the result.
An hon. Member said, that there existed a very general desire on
the part of the trading community, who were impeded in the execu-
tion of their religious exercises, to have some measure enacted for en-
forcing the better observance of the Sabbath. He was convinced that
if something of the kind were not speedily done, evil consequeness
would result from the prevailing laxity in this particular.
Mr. Gittos thought that the attention of the house could riot' be
too soon called to the subject.
Mr. WARBURTON said that the object of the committee appointed
last year ought to have been to preserve to the labouring classes ihka,
hours which were necessary not only
.to amusement but to health.
Sunday was the only day in the week in which the inhabitants inse-
neral of this smoke-dried metropolis could enjoy the fresh air. He,
for one, should move for the reappointment of that committee, and he
believed that additional evidence of importance could be adduCed.
Mr. HUME observed, that any person who would take the trouble to
read the evidence of the Bishop of London would be perfectly satis-
fied that the subject required no further legislation.
Mr. O'CONNELL was sure that piety would never be increased by
act of Parliament, nor the love of God by penal enactments. He
thought the afternoon of Sundays should be set apart for the recrea-
tion of the labouring classes of the community.
Mr. Wi Win recommended the reappoiatnieut of the committee, SZ
said that its object was not correctly understAmtl by honourable mem,
hers if they thought it was directed to the abridgment of the enjoy-
ments of the working classes. ,
Lord ASHLEY said that, as one who sat on the committee last year,
he must contend that the object the members of that committee had.
in view was not the abridgment of the amusements of the labouring
classes, but the protection of the conscience of the fair trader, in con-
sequence of the advantage taken of him by those who had no scruple
to work on Sundays.

The petitions were severally ordered to-lie on the table,
GRAND JURIES (IRELAND.)
Mr. STANLEY, after presenting two petitions from places in
Ireland, praying for the revision of the Grand:Jury system,
proceeded to bring forward the motion of which he had giVen
notice on this subject. For the information of English mem-
bers, he would quote from the report-of the committee upon the
subject of grand juries in Ireland a description of the systeni.
The right hon. gentleman then read a. passage, which stated
that the Irish grand juries were intrusted with the civil.adminis-
tra.tion of counties, having to defray the expense of !the: police
force, the maintenance of prisons, &c.,—that they had the power
of directing public works, such as the-making of roads,- and: the
building and repairing of bridges to be undertaken, ind.!of ap-
pointing persons to execute .them,—that they levied the -taxa-
tion which was necessary to defray the expenses incurred fur
these objects from the occupants of the laud, the collectors of
which were armed with the sovereign power of distresis; This
short statement would show English members the broad points
of difference between the Irish grand juries and the grand ju-
ries of England. It had long been acknowledge,4 that grant(
jury taxation in Ireland pressed most heavily pn the industri-
ous claSses of the community. The principal objections to the
grand juries in Ireland might be stated as follows that
they were nut acquainted with the practical details of the woiks
to be undertaken ; 2d, that they were without responsibility,
and uncontrolled by the check of public opinion in the
charge of their duties; and, lastly, that the system afforded op-
portunities for corrupt, practices. Unfortunately, he might say
that it was not uncommon for a gentleman in ylreland, by his
interest with a grand jury, t 2 get them to sign a presentment for
the making of a road, or the execution of some other public
work, un or near his estate, and then to appoint his own la-
bourers, or inferior tenants, to perform the work, by means of
whose wages thos obtained he was able to get.a better Tent for
his land than he otherwise could procure. (Hear, hear.) ..Two
years ago he had introduced a bill for consolidating 'the laws
relating to grand juries, which were to be found in an immense
number of statutes. On the present occasion he would pursue
a different course, by making the alterations first, and consoli-
dating the laws hereafter. This was no party question, (Heat',
hear.). He was free' to admit that it would be desirable, it'
practicable, that a more general system of grand jury represen-
tation should prevail, but on inquiry he found the circumstances,
local and otherwise, of each county in Ireland were so different,
that a general system of representation was hardly practicable.
He proposed, howeVer, to make a considerable step towards
it, by making it mandatory on the high sheriff—the officer iu
whom the selection, of grand jurors was vested—to begin his
list with one juror from each barony in the county, the num-
ber to be filled up afterwards according to circumstances.
Then, a great and frequent complaint of the grand jury system
in Ireland was the'secrecy in which it discharged its functions.
He proposed as a remedy that every presentment should he
openly and publicly discussed in open court—(hear)—that the
grounds of its being adopted or rejected should be openly dis-
cussed and canvassed before the assembled county. Hear,
hear.) With respect to the separate consideration of such pre-
sentments is would be chargeable on the county at large, and
such as would be chargeable on particular districts or baronies,
he would propose that on a fixed day all the magistrates should
meet in special sessions, for the purpose of determining the
merits of presentments, and that such as should be negatived in
this special sessions should be considered finally disposed of,
while those approved of should wait to be confirmed by the grand
jury: Hon. members would perceive that this was an approi-
illation to the English system; indeed he trusted that in the pro.
gross of society in Ireland the government would be enabled
to assimilate the systems of both countries in every particular.
His plan would obviously' giVe the grand jury a confirming
power over presentments,—and of course a negativing one,—
but not the power of reconsidering a presentment which had been
negatived at special sessions. His next provision would, he
persuaded himself, be felt to be a salutary improvement on -the
present Irish grand jury system, by giving the class of farmers
and higher rate-payers, who were daily increasing in wealth,
intelligence, and influence, a direct control over the public
expenditure in their respective districts. He proposed that, one
of this class should be chosen from each barony, or half-barony,
as it might be, to sit with and assist the magistrates in disposing
of the district presentments (hear,) and that they should not be
less in number than half of the members of the grand jury
present, (Hear.) He had stated that the proceedings of the
grand jury should in future be conducted with the utmost pubti
city . (hear,) and that with them should lie the determining
the expediency and cost of public works. As a supplement' to
this salutary provision of publicity be proposed that the grand
jury-should be compelled to accept of the lowest tender to carry
a presentment into effect, provided it afforded the necessary
security. (Hear.) This led him to the question, was the prin.
ciple of contract the best for executing these county public
works? He had consulted very many Irish members oo the
subject, and, amidst the greatest contrasts of opinion on .soulo
points, found they ad agreed in-declaring that the contract
system was the best. (Hear.) He, therefore, would adopt
He would perfect the machinery of control over the county
expenditure by the appointment of an officer in each county—
an engineer, to be approved of by a body of engineers, whose
responsible duty it would be to attend the special sessions and.
the grand juries, and report on the expediency, cost, and pre.
gross of the several works in the county. (Hear.) Instead of
the present absurd system of oaths, no money should be paid
till this scientific officer had certified that the work had been
completed in a workmanlike manner (hear,) and no work
should he undertaken at the public cost until he had reported
on its expediency. (Hear.) By this means the actual work.
Man would have the advantage of a scientific overseer, and the
country would at a little cost be assured against a useless
expenditure of its money. (Hear.) It was, perhaps, unnecesary
to -add that this officer should, of course, have no local inttrest
—say as a contractor—to promote, and,- of course,. no
interest whatever in the work he should have to report upon,
Another provision of his intended bill appeared to him OM of
no little Importance—he meant that by which the county cess
would be levied, pot, as at present, on. the occupier, but the
landlord. The bill would also contain provisions under which
no payment should be paid for county work unless in money,
not in goods, and that the accounts should be open at all times
to the county surveyor, whose accounts, again, should be open
to the grand jury. Though the office of county treasurer did not
properly fall within the scope of the bill, he had ventured to
guard against the present undeniable abuses to which it hail
given rise, (discounting, and trafficking, and jobbing with the
county money, for example,) .by proposing .a clause trpder

li.onDon Gaitttt.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19th, 1833.
PARTNERSIIIPS DISSOLVED.
3. Morris and Co., T..7phoßand and Liverpool, flag and slate-dealers.
T. and J. Mortimer, Trowbridge, Wiltshire, woollen-manufactur-
ers.—R. Cram and G. Sinden, Hastings, Sussex. builders.—W. Grim-
toff and E. Baxter, Edinburgh, linen-drapers.—l. J. and T. M. Sparks,
Crewkerne, Somersetsbire, girth-web-manufacturers.—Harrison and
Russell, Bath, carvers.—A. Smith and Co., Prince's-street, Westmin-
ster, machinists.—.T. Aldridge and R. C. Smith, New-square, Lin-
eoln's-inh. attornies-at-law.—J. M'Laren and Co., Manchester, and J.
and W. M'Laren and Co. general-merchants.—F. and H. Peace,
Wood Hayes, Staffordshire, and F. D. Westbeech, Am-
well-street, Clerkenwell, goldsmiths.—M. A. Collett, and S. Michell,
Preston, Sussex, schoolmistresses.—J. and J. Round, Stotirbridge,
Worcestershire, plumbers.—J. Preston and Co., Manchester, wine-
dealers.—Nash and Cooper, union-street, Southwark, tea-dealers.—
Scott, Macnaim, and Dalziel, Prestolee, near Bolton, Lancashire, cot-
ton4pinners.—D. and G. Holy and Co., Sheffield, silversmiths.

INSOLVENT.
Peb. 18.—George Byers, Colonnade, Pall-mall, hat-maker.
Feb. 19.—Thomas Daffnrn, Old Compton-street, Soho, corn-dealer.
BANKRUPTCIES ANNI.ILLED.
Tomas Gankrodger, Huddersfield, merchant.
Thomas Crayden Swift, Eastehurch, Kent, victualler.
Richard Loid, Barby, Northamptonshire, mister.
Francis Prestinari, Leather-lane, Holborn, looking-glass-manufac-
turer.

By order of the Executor.
On WEDNESDAY next, the '27th instant, at Six o'clock in the
Afternoon, at the Golden Lion Inn, in Dale,street in Liver-
pool,
A FREEHOLD Licensed PUBLIC-HOUSE,. known by
the sign of the ROYAL OAK, on the south side of
Circus-street, in Liverpool, containing in front 5 yards, and
in depth 14 yards, in the occupation of Richard Whittingham,
as tenant.
A FREEHOLD HOUSE, imm lately behind and adjoin-
ing the above, on the north side f Grub-street, in front 4
yards, and in depth 7 yards and feet, or thereabouts,in the
occupation of James Edwards.• •
Three COPY HOLD HOUSES on the north side of Dry-
den-street, in Everton, containing in front 55 feet, in the
occupation of Thomas,Picton and others.
Apply to Messrs. LEIGH and SANDERS, Basnett-street.
