,THE AFFM-RS OF BRITISH GUIANA,

in our ilq,st we briefly detailed the proceedings in the Coin-
!slued goert of British Guiana in reference to the nee, Civil
List. We now proceed to extract from the Guiana Times a
complete exposure of the disgraceful job of which the planters
of British Guiana were the intended victims. After enume-
ratiesethe progress made in the discussion of the Civil List
question in the Combined Court, and expressing a wish that
the Court of Policy might retrace its steps, the Guiana
Times proceeds to review the mode in which the colony has
been treated by the Whigs and their congenial underlings.
The following are its remarks :
For some months after the termination of the apprenticeship
fallacious symptoms of prosperity blinded many, who had a
sincere anxiety to arrive at the truth. A large quantity of
money, at its lowest amount, half a million sterling a-year,
being retained in the country, and distributed, in the form of
wages, among the labourers, gave rise to many novelties in
our internal trade. Stores rose, with prodigious celerity,
and at a short distance from each other, in both town and
country : cottages started up with proportionate rapidity : it
was believed that the colony was being regenerated, and that
there would be no end to the briskness suddenly infused into
commerce: His Excellency the Governor was careful to in-
form the Secretary of State of the changes progressing under
his administration of the new order of things. The Parlia-
mentary papers contain notices of the obscurest bush-lot,
where only some temporary shelter has been put up. " The
village of Mahaica, and the hamlet Mahaicony are rapidity
increasing, and some settlements are springing up, near
Abary." On some nameless spot, " many plots of land
have been purchased by labourers, and preparations for
building cottages are in progress :" " Fredericksburgh is
greatly increasing :" " Georgetown district: buildings being
erected in all directions." "The new appraisement of
Georgetown shows au increase in the value of buildings and
lots, in three years, since the last appraisement of 1836,
amounting to upwards of 600,000 dollars, or more than
£120,000 sterling," a fact so gratifyirg and considered so
important, that it went home, carefully preserved in a sepa-
rate despatch, exclusively appropriated to its announcement.
It was on the perusal of those communications, that Mr. Ste-
phens, the pious author of the documents published with the
signature " J. Russell," exclaimed, with hands clasped, and
eyes turned upwards towards Heaven, " Our brethren of
Africa have become shop-keepers, and petty traders, and
hucksters, and small freeholders :—a blessed change which
Providence has enabled us to accomplish."
Had Mr. Light stopped there, he might have been consi-
sidered a harmless man, of a visionary fancy and chimerical
notions, but a benevolent and warm heart. But he had not
the discretion, or, more probably, he wanted the candour, to
separate and direct marks of prosperity, impressed on the
colony by the commencement of the free systein. from the
slow, but sure and fatal symptoms of a general decline,
originating in the same memorable event. Not only must
he represent the peasantry as placed in the way of comfort
and happiness, but he must needs describe agriculture as
flourishing, and, in a series of despatches, which never, like
others of his communications, saw the light through his in-
strumentality, but the fortuitous publication of which, at
intervals, cos era him with confusion, and eradicates from the
breast of every rational colonist, all respect for him se a
ruler, and nearly all esteem as a man, must needs concoct a
mass of fabrication. the Absurdity of which Las, at length,
become evident to the Secretary of State himself. The de-
crease of colonial produce, continued, he admitted, but,
" the lengthened drought of the last, and beginning of the
present quarter, would have caused diminished crops under
the most coerced system of labour." " Even supposing the '
exports of sugar for the year 1839, from this colony, to reach
only 85,000 bhds., the returns in money would be larger
than when the produce had °been at its greatest extent."
" Many of the labourers, who had purchased the land on
which they erected cottages, did not abandon field-labour."
" With such data,"—the returns of stores and merchandise,
" His lordship might judge of the prosperity of the province,
unconnected with' —those very troublesome things—" ex-
ports or imports." Nay, the people on the east coast could
not purchase Northbroke, without its being gravely asserted,
that " the rules which they had drawn up for their " com-
munity were so rigid, that none but the determinedly indus-
trious and sober would be tempted to obtain a settlement
among them." " There were surpluses in the colonial
treasury," capable of indefinite multiplication, and perfectly
inexhaustible : And, climax of ingenuity ! topping-stone of
the inventive art! " emancipation had not diminished the
prices of property, the best proof of the confidence in the
steady prospects of the colony :" for " Plantation Windsor
Forest, Demerara, sold for £42,000, the full value, undimi-
nished by emancipation."
For a time, the colonial Secretary of State lent a willing
ear to the flattering tale. He " had great satisfaction in re-
ceiving the conclusive proof, which the Governor's despatch
afforded, that the resources of the colony •had not only not
decayed, but had undergone a decided improvement since the
abolition of slavery and the termination of the apprentice-
ship system." But, at last, common sense, and the repre-
sentations of the colonists in their petition, as well as of the
West India merchants resident in England, seem to have
opened his lordship's oyes to the real condition of affairs. In
the despatch of the 15th of February, which no colonist that
has perused its contents, can to his dying day forget, Lord
John Russell, approaching as closely to the tone of reproof as
the courtesies of official intercourse admit, informs Governor
Light, that " the decline of produce is unquestionable :" and
" that some part of it may be owing, as lie asserts, to the
lateness of the season, but no doubt can exist as to the fact of
a remarkable falling off in the quantity of produce during the
first year of freedom." Then, alluding, we are entitled to
presume, to some secret statements of Mr. Light about in-
sufficient wages, his lordship says, "I am not disposed, as a
general proposition, to refer this falling off in the produce to
the want of adequate wages as its cause. Many vexatious
disputes have, no doubt, arisen :" and so forth. " But a
larger and more general cause has led to the decline of culti-
vation of sugar and coffee." And his lordship calmly and
reasonably goes on to argue, in the spirit of the letter ad-
dressed to him, some time back, by Mr. Burnley, of Trini-
dad, that the facility of subsistence between the tropics, and
the want ora middle class of population, are obvious causes
of the decline alluded to, and not either dry seasons or low
.pay. But, concludes his lordship, in so many words, with
the coolness of an experienced surgeon, anatomizing a living
subject, indifferent to the nerves, sinews, and blood-vessels,
which his knife divides, wages arc high in Guiana and low
in Hindostan : it is a mere matter of calculation to the ca-
pitalist in whether of the two countries he ought to raise his
sugar: the sugar trade may quit Guiana for flinclostan, as
the silk trade quitted the east for France, or the woollen
trade Tuscany for England : but her Majesty will be satisfied
if Guiana flourish, hereafter, in a different sense from that in
which it has flourished hitherto, if her subjects there,
rescued from the lash of compulsory toil, become, by the
help of Providence, shopkeepers, and petty traders, and
small freeholders.' A despatch couched in language less
capable of being misunderstood, it is impossible to imagine.
The perusal of it produced on the minds of the people of this
colony, an effect analogous to that of a thunder-clap. Yet,
no one could deny that its train of reasoning was natural to
a statesman, bound by no ties of affection or interest to any
particular portion of the British empire, but casting, without,
passion or selfishness, the destinies of its united millions.
That despatch reached governor Light on the 21st March,
by the same vessel which conveyed to him Mr. Young.
With a disingenuousness the exposure of which may call up a
a blush to his cheek, he kept it back from the public. Lord
John Russell did not consider it to be private, for he laid it
before the House of Commons. Yet, we say, his excellency
kept it back from us. Its contents did not leak out, even
through the ordinary chink—the garrulity of the people
around him. The two houses of legislature met ; speeches
were made and addresses delivered ; yet not a whisper was
breathed about that despatch. Probably, the chief justice
alone shared, with the governor and the government secre-
tary, the knowledge of its contents. The financial representa-
tives, after much earnestness of application, extorted the pe-
rusal of several despatches ; that despatch was not amongst
them. Nevertheless, with a penetration which redounds to
their credit, they acted as if they had seen and read it from
beginning to end.* It arrived in the colony, among the par-
liamentary papers, a few hours before the division took place,
and the most moderate men. when they perused it, acknow-
ledged that the colony had been led to the brink of a preci-
pice by the governor, from which the firmness of its accre-
ditted representatives alone saved it. We seem at last to
have reached the most disreputable act in the whole course of
his excellency's administration ; that he, appointed to guard
the interests of the colonists, should seek—furtively hiding
the information which he possessed, to betray the colonists
into a fatal compact, to endure for twenty-oue years. But
we dismiss this part of the question, fur the personal demerits
of an individual are of small moment, compared with the fate
of what ought to be a great country.
The assertion has been never denied, although reiterated,
times innumerable, that the projected civil list had its origin
in this colony. His Excellency, in the end of July, last year,
" called the attention" of time Secretary of State—that was
the expression—to the necessity of being prepared with a new
civil list, and " respectfully submitted the propriety of pro-
viding more liberally for the public officers :" he stated the
dearness of provisions, and, (for the first time, it would
seem,) the difficulty of obtaining labour, but only as regarded
menial services : alleged the community to be well disposed,
(the despatch has not as yet been published in this country,
being studiously kept back,) to admit the propriety of in-
creasing salaries : announced that, "could any boon be offered
to the colonists, he did not despair of tieing the salaries at
the increased rate on the civil list :" " and begged the Minis-
ter to strengthen materially his (the Governor's) position,
by signifying to him his approval of the civil list he had pro-
posed, or any other he might consider to be just, previously
to the meeting of the combined court." Lord John Rus-
sell's reply to all this, it was deemed not unsafe to publish.
He gave, willingly, and, we dare say, without deep considera-
tion, the required approval, insisting, however, on a pro-
vision for the pensioners : and what position did the Governor
assume then? 'flue project, created by himself, and only
permitted by the Secretary. of State, lie held, in terrorem,
over the combined court, as one, the terms of which he could
• not uow depart from. The Colonists are certainly, as much
indebted to the gentlenien who move for the production of
parliamentary papers, as to any other class of Members of
the Imperial Legislature.
'We said it was likely the Chief Justice had seen the
despatch of the 15th of February. "If the East Indian
capitalist," says Lord John, "can compete with the Demerara
planter, the sugar business will risc in Bengal, and the Cooly
remain at home : the plantation will be found for the labourer,
and not the labourer go to the plantation." The Chief Jus-
tise tells you, that " the English nation, whiai cries for cheap
postage and cheap corn, will have cheap sugar too, and that
the harvest of the West Indies will last no longer than the
next three years." The man must be blind, indeed, who
does not perceive in this the clearest indications of the ap-
proach of one of the most momentous changes in the com-
merceof
hatter of the world that has ever presented itself to the con-
sideration of the political econotnist.
A remarkable discrepancy is observable between the senti-
ments
prosperity
nthe Queen's minister and those of the Queen's re-
presentative. The former is content with another sort of
h tat
grin
ithattoci usev
ti
icyh
comparesdepends
ot% thee
produce
r og
dr ou‘cvet ho
fo ft
hsugar.
The
co-
lony with that of the united Leeward Islands. Therefore,
theopfa e
\oecrn7
,e,orf lookseasy
shopkeepers, t,voati t
si e nurture of an humble but happy race
limited
eatitnyb idtei oailie,
dealers
indolentnd
smallatl
freeholders ;" the latter to the maintenance of a civil
govern-
ment, quite incommensurate with so unaspiring a species of
society. " Encourage religious instruction, let them partake
of the blessings of Christianity," exclaims the former.' " Give
me £6OOO, and set down £ll5O for education and religion,"
r into the nice question, whether the phy-
sical colon
masses in colony is,
tnoeiceisisidauriele
reply.
g;eserully iticideutal to the
We put out of
sisicwtal ii7eeh tatter'sashp paerisosrteeponfl
as happily as the field-man.
bound up with the cultivation of the staples. We admit necessarily,
to be possible that the retailer of smallwares and the yam-
ments to sontinuous toil. But this grave question remains,
sgirgrt•
time
se livery
If every man whom our climate predisposes to indolence,
have, within a few years, an opportunity of leading, without
immediate inconvenience, such a life as the Secretary of State
contemplates without emotion or alarm, what will become of
and exporting country
this.country as a producing a • • Could
any cabinet expect, for twenty-one years of unprodactive-
, equalled only by that given in
ness, a rate of remuneration tti _
flourishing times ? It is quite incredible. I
Secretary of
the civil Ist front the gen_
State manifestly draws his ideas of
rovistons : his views
tleman most largely interested in its .p
we are grieved
of colonial society from a very different, and,
to say, a sounder source. Already have Northbroke and
New Orange Nassau been purchased by emancipated labour-

* We are in error. They would not have offered so libe-
ral a civil list of their own.

(Ts ; another plantation on the same coast is now the subject
of a treaty, preliminary to a similar purchase. If the present
high'wages continue unabated, plantation will follow planta-
tion. We very cordially assent to Lord John Russell's sen-
timent, that " there is nothing in this singular or culpable,
since no man in England, who has capital sufficient to keep
a strop or rent a farm, will follow the plough as a day la-
bourer." The purchasers of Northbroke did not know their
own motives of action as human beings, when they declared
their " firm determination, as a body,' to continue to labour
daily on the several plantations.where they were employed."
The:officer whom they addressed displayed equal ignorance
of frail humanity, when he wrote of the rigid " rules of their
community excluding all besides the determinedly industrious
and sober." Nu one now seeks to compel these people to
promote the splendour of the empire by keeping its com-
merce up ; but why strive "to mock, .with ancient and obso-
lete' munificence, the desolation of abandoned fields, or the
wild luxuriance of spots of ground, yielding sufficient subsist-
ence for the wants of the day, but nothing beyond ?
Without immigration, then, it is of no use to talk of your
civil list. But you say you will allow us to have immigrants.
Not, however, from Africa or the East Indies; in the latter
country, you openly contemplate the'creation of sugar estates :
a scheme which possesses several of the ingredients necessary
to success, first, as it would benefit the Corporation of Lea-
denhall-street, next, as it would rescue the Coolies, con-
fessedly wretched, from sheer starvation ; thirdly, as it would
counterbalance the exertions of the foreign slave-dealer.
Now, how, with such a scheme staring us in the face, could
you ask us to consent to your proposals, submitting, at the
same time, to restrictions which must prove our ruin ? A
taunt about our wishing to deal in human flesh, comes with
but a bad grace from any servant of the local government.
Were that civil list granted, the immigrant's flesh, who arrived
here from the United States, could be said to be purchased,
as truly as that of the African or Cooly. It is inconsistent,
if such is the traffic which we actually wish to drive, to let
us deal in Americans, but to shut up the Indian market. The
government secretary, if he obtained his £2OOO, under the
conditions carried out by him, would owe the odd £BOO
a-year to the purchase of the sinews, bones, and flesh of his
fellow-creatures, fellow-immortals, aiming to fulfil the high
destinies of their moral nature, just as truly as if we had
agents in all the Presidencies, and along the whole African
Coast. But it is monstrous to set up a clamour of trafficking,
in human flesh. Trafficking in human happiness, rather !
and adding to the well-being of thousands of individuals,
while we would develope the capabilities, and accumulate the
wealth of the state. Our financial representatives proposed
to give £7OO sterling a-year to each of the stipendiary magis-
trates, who were to be nominated by the home government,
and four of whom must speak the Hindostanee language. If
the liberality and sound discretion of this part of their offer,
do not very forcibly strike the British parliament, some ho-
nourable members mingled but little sincerity with their
high-sounding and ambitious declamations, against what
they denominated the Cooly slave trade.
But not only was the immigration offered by the local go-
vernment, as part of their consideration, in the bargain,
limited in extent, but also of the mostprecarious duration.
There was no guarantee given, of the perpetuity of the per-
mission to freemen to emigrate hither. The very year after
the cOmmencement of the civil list cycle of twenty-one years,
prohibitions the most stringent might have been imposed.
And only observe by what process the appropriation of money
was to have been regulated. The Governor was to have
allowed, annually, such an issue for immigration purposes,
as he might consider expedient. We know that, last year,
his excellency sent home such representations to Lord Nor-
m anby, that the noble marquis declared the colony incapable
of supporting the expenses of immigration, since it could not,
as he said, meet the exigencies of some of the most important
departments of the state. Now, nothing was more likely
th n that some crotchet might enter into the head of the
ex (naive, which if the combined court rejected, the execu-
tiv e would not gt ant immigration. Suppose that the govern-
ment candidates had been returned to the two financial setts,
at the late election, instead of the popular,' and the votes in
the combined court been equalized, the governor having a
casting vote. The financial body must have quietly taken,
without murmuring, such despatches as his excellency chose
to lay before it. The civil list would have been passed, giv-
ing the governor £6000., the financial body not knowing that
there existed a despatch allowing his excellency a govern-
ment house out of the parliamentary relief grant. The civil
list secure, the contents of the despatch would have gradually
leaked out. A future combined court, more popularly con-
stituted, would remember this double-dealing, and attack
some analogous annual allowance : the governor, in revenge,
would shut up all the immigration supplies, declaring the
more pressing exigencies of the country unprovided for. Co-
lonists, you can hardly have a conception of the dangers,
from which the vigilance of your representatives has rescued
you. You may despond as you see the executive now vin-
dictively locking up your own resources : your immigration
society, destitute of funds, appealing to your exhausted
purses : the very items proposed for improvements by steam
machinery, rudely erased by the hand of authority. But,
recollect, the guardians of the public chest have still one
cheek left on official tyranny.
On the 6th of March last, the governor, in the court of
policy, read a minute, a solemn document placed on record,
in winch he stated that he consented to let thirty thousand
dollars stand on the estimate for the use of the immigration
society. An item thus placed there, must, of necessity, come
before the combined court, by which, beyond a question, it
would be carried unanimously. Will it be credited that his
excellency, to hamper the colonists, threatens to withdraw
this item from the estimate, and place it beyond the power of
the combined court even to entertain it ? He has given the
instructions of Lord John Russell a retrospective .effect,
menacing.to violate his own high honour as a ruler. We
trust that he will withdraw this unjust and arbitrary proce
dure. But if he do not, the colonists would, we are certain,
justify their representatives, if they threw such impediments
in the way of raising . the yearly supplies, as would involve
him in difficulties, of the nature of which he has little con-
ception. The step is not to betaken rashlyebut, once taken,
must not be receded front: for this tyranny is becoming in-
supportable, and must be shaken oil. Whoever he be that
stands between us and our attainment of prosperity, or,
rather, the preservation of our being, must be punished for
his rashness, and held up, a conspicuous beacon, to warn oil
all future rulers from those dangerous aggressions.
Last year, the governor also, in a minute or speech to the
court, declared that he " should not have felt justified, ac-
cording to his ideas of the prosperity of the country, to have
given his assent to the import tax." This year, he is willing
to allow an import tax, provided we allow him the civil list
which he asks. Such a tax, (of course, on British goods is
meant,)was imposed some years back, levied for a short
time, and then suddenly discontinued. Could the financial
representatives have been satisfied with less than they
required, a guarantee that the import duty should be co-
existent with the civil list, of which it professed to be in aid?
But observe the cunning of even this proposal of a boon.
The local government offered, indeed, to permit an import
duty, but they themselves were to regulate its amount. Give
us permission to raise a tax, while you retain its possible
amount in your own keeping, and your permission is totally
valueless. _ _ _

An artifice •was practised by the local government, when
they submitted to us the civil list as a whole. • This was met'
by the financial representatives, by a cordial anxiety to sacrifice
individual differences of opinion as to the details, In sanc-
tioning their conduct with his approval, a man does not bind
himself to anything beyond an acquiescence in the great
general principle of demanding an adequate and permanent
remuneration for the concessions which they make.
The civil list of the local government proposed for educa-
tional and ecclesiastical uses, £1,150, a sum ridiculously in-
adequate. That of the popular representatives, in round
numbers, £lO,OOO, (51,266d01., 67c.) Some fault may be
found with the distribution of this amount between the epis-
copalian and the Scottish communions. The local chief of
the Romish church has taken the alarm, and convened a Sun-
day meeting for the support, as he terms it, of the just views
of the local government. His notice is what may be fami-
liarly termed fussy, but is not likely to attract many ad-
herents : for the Romish bishop is so domineering, so un-
popular, so fond of keeping the management of the funds of
his congregation in his own hands, and conducting it in his
own way, that his flock are not ely to fall into the trap
which lie has laid for them, or to wish to see a rapacious and
irresponsible man entrusted with additional means of spurn-
ing at them and outragingq them. By the term " a few
financial representatives, the reverend gentlemen designates,
let us remind him, the whole financial body. The assertion
that the court of policy have voted the means of competent
support to the Roman Catholic clergy of this colony, but that
the financial representatives attempt to withhold it, is a false-
hood, disgracing the author's cloth, and affronting the cross
under which he ministers. The court of policy placed nothing
on the civil list for the Romish church. Every respectable
Roman Catholic, on the day of meeting, after he has humbly
offered his adoration to his Maker, will quit, we are certain,
in thorough disgust, the sacred edifice profaned by the brawl-
ing of that turbulent and grasping priest. if a discussion of
the minutice of the civil list had been permitted to result in
separate divisions, some liberal modification might have been
made, of the provision for the two establishments. But now
the Romish bishop has sunk so low, as to fawn, in the hopes
of pecuniary aggrandisement, on an authority who professes
to hold him in such abhorrence, that he has vowed never to
sit again beneath the same roof with him.

And - now, with these considerations before them, and a
hundred others which will be suggested to them by the peru-
sal of the recent debates or by their own reflections, our
readers may judge of the debt of gratitude they owe the popu-
lar representatives. The discomfiture which they have sus-
tained, ought to teach the members of the local government
to moderate their desires, and bound their aspirations after
emolument by their real usefulness to the country. Which
of them has ever introduced a salutary and practical improve-
ment into any of our institutions ? To which of them do we
owe any reforms in our legal code ? is not the best of them
merely a respectable performer of ordinary duties, in the
discharge of which he • seldom, if ever, deviates from the
humble routine of his inglorious and forgotten predecessors ?
Does the honourable gentleman, whose talent is the most
conspicuous, exhibit any of the commanding genius that fits
men for conducting great enterprises ? Is he more than a
ready and eloquent debatek, and a docile and clever servant ?
Are not complaints universal against the uncertainty of the
principles on which justice is administered? Which of the
most experienced of the •practicioners at • the bar, can cal-
culate the future decisons of the supreme court by past prece-
dents ? or understand the existing system of jurisprudence,
Dutch statutes interpreted by judges quite ignorant of the
laws and practices of Hollaud ? Do not the public buildings.
form a vast castle of indolence, in which, beneath the very
eye of the executive, judges, sworn clerks of all descriptions,
magistrates, and custom-house officers, drag on, while the
public work is neglected, from day to day, a listless and lux-
urious existence, or if they are industrious, are active only
for the mischievous purposes of party politics ? But we need
not rest the rejection of the proposed civil list on the defects
or inefficency of the executive government. It is sufficient
to have proved that, while the revenue is annually falling off,
and the expenditure increasing, it is only immigration, and
an equal division of taxes, that could have enabled us to bear
the burden prepared for our shoulders by the local govern-
ment. If we are to sink to the condition of a nation of pro-
vision growers and petty shopkeepers, the affairs of our state
can be managed well enough by members of our creole popu-
lation, who will be satisfied with emoluments proportionate
to the minor importance of their functions. There will be
no need to attract to our shores a horde of dependent stran-
gers, that we may pay them extravagently while in office, and
give them after they retire, an allowance which they shall
spend for the benefit of lands with which we have no manner
of sympathy.

POST•OFFICE PENNY LABELS.-It may prove an awk-
ward thing to give or lend a penny label to a neighbour, as
it subjects the party to be seized forthwith by the collar, and
lodged in gaol. By the 2d and 3d Vie., c. 52, sec. 8, the
rates denoted by the labels or covers are to he deemed stamp
duties, and the paper impressed with postage stamps is sub-
jected to all the regulations, pains, penalties, and clauses
contained in the acts relating to stamp duties. The labels
are, therefore, under the protection of the statute 3d and 4th
William IV., c. 97, by the 12th clause of which, if any per-
son shall hawk or carry about for sale any stamped paper,
" or shall utter or offer for sale or exchange. at any house,
shop, or place, other than the house or shop in which he
shall reside, or bond fide carry on his trade or business, any
stamped paper," he shall forfeit £2O, and any man may
apprehend him. He may be further tined £2O •for selling
stamps without a license, and the informer may have all the
penalty, at the option of the commissioners of stamps. By
the same act, if any person shall fraudulently get out of, or
discharge from any stamped paper any matter or thing
thereon written, printed, or expressed, he shall be judged
guilty of felony, and be liable to be transported for life. The
same punishment may be awarded to any person who shall
" knowingly use, or have possession of," any stamped paper,
from which any matter or thing shall have been fraudidently
erased, cut, scraped, discharged, or gotten.

Ariadne, M'Leod, from Calcutta, at this port ; sailed from the
Sand Heads 13th Feb. and St. Helena 26th April. In lat. 37 N,
long. 33 W, spoke the Kingston, of Liverpool, homeward bound,
In lat. 40 N, long. 18 W, the Strabane. from Bombay for the Clyde.
Clipper, Parker, and Southampton, Riley, hence at Gibraltar
O'Connell, M'Callum, cleared at Gibraltar, 22nd May, and Ann
& Margaret, Brinsley,- 25th May, both for Liverpool
Tarrujo o Felhos, Almeida; hence at Lisbon

Tarrujo 2do, Palfia, sailed from Lisboa for Liverpool, 31st May

TELEGRAPH OFFICE, JUNE 8, 1840.

Wind at Holyhead, South, blowing fresh morning and noon,
S.S.W, in the evening.

Off Point Lynas, inward bound, have pilots, No. 4913, Wm. Rus-
sell, Bilk. at 5 a.m. (by Maryatt's code) from Pernambuco—No.
508, Brothers, Bk. at 9 a.m.—and 132, Tom Tough, 8.8. at 1 p.m.
from Charente.

Off Voel Nant, at II 30 a.m. No. 4489, Ranger, B.Bk. (by Mary-
att's code) from Antwerp-268, Rimac, 8.8. from London—and
1594, Laurina, B.Bk. from Laguna.
Off Great Ormshead, at 5 p.m. No. 46, Kingston, B.Bk. from
Africa—and 4813, Wm. Russell.

East of the Floating Light, at 2 p.m. No. 2016, Actmon, B.Bk.
from Valparaiso—and 2093, Emanuel Boutcher, 8.8. (by Maryatt's
code) from Barustaple.

VESSELS ENTERED FOR LOADING.

(SINCE OUR LAST PUBLICATION.)

EAST INDIES, CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, Sm.
William Jardine, J Crosbie, 693 Calcutta, Buchanan & Brown
Blorenge, R Banks, • 38ti Calcutta, W & J Tyrer
herculean, J Grindall, 317 Bombay, T& J Brocklebank

WEST INDIES AND MADEIRA.
Russia, R M'Manus,' 318 Havana, IV Barber
Freeman, I) Sullivan, 196 Jamaica, Imrie & Tomlinson
Leonora, 'l' B Harrison, 404 Demerara, Sandbach, Tinne & Co
Brigand, C Evill, 154 Antigua, Graham & Taylor
Charlotte, A White, 356 Jamaica, J Hall & Co
Hannah Grayson, E Penrice, 196 Kingston, Jamaica,

Imrie & Tomlinson
Henry Ewbank, J Smith, 330 Madeira, Baring Brothers &Co
Warsaw, P Sheffield, 494 Madeira, Baring Brothers &Co
Lee, R Bowness, 252 Demerara, G Booker & Co
SOUTH A2IIE.RICA.
Rosalie, .1 Alsop, 228 Valparaiso, J Aikiu & Son
Crescent, J Domaillie, 1 t 4 Rio Janeiro, Cotesvt orth & Wynne
Pampero, J Roberts, •276 Monte Video, lmrie & Tomlinson
UNITED STATES.
Governor Troup, B Basilan, 436 New York, .1 T Crook
European, 'l' Ni•Lellan, Goo New York, J Holford & Co
Ranger, it Merrill, 253 Portland, U.S. Gibbs, Bright & Co
London, C C Scott, 263 Barmouth, U.S. W Lindsay
Gardiner, A M Jackson, 340 Charleston, Focke & bolt
Brooklyn, E Richardson, 465 New York, Galt, Barff. V.: Co
Hibernia, E Is Cobb, 540 New York, Ingleby & Co
Virginia, W Sinclair, 271 New York, Focke & Don't
Herald, .1 Myers, 384 Baltimore, Brown, Shipley & Co
Planter, W M'Mahon, 279 Baltimore, Crozier firs & Co
St, Jawrence, 0 P Brown, 430 New Orleans, Ingleby & Co
Viola, J Palmer, 495 New Orleans, Phelps, James & Co
Southerner, H J Tibbitts, 670 New York, Baring Brothers & Co
Trenton, J S Bennett, 390 New York, Wildes, Picklersgill & Co
Silas Richards, S B Dickinson, 437 New York,
Molyneux, Witherby & Co
• BRITISH AMERICA.

Cun►L•erland, D Power, 402 Quebec, W Fisher & Son
Diligence, J Jones, 121 Miramichi, Anderaon, Darrow & Co
Visiter, G P Lock, 102 Labrador and Brazils, C & E Hunt & Co
Samuel, J Jameson, 658 St. John, N.B. Gibbs, Bright & Co
Christiana, L S Lawson. 110 St. John, Nlld, - ' it Alsop

EUROPE.

171 Narva and St. Petersburg,

LIVERPOOL COLONIAL MARKET, JUNE

Sugar. There has been a fair demand, and 550 hhds B.P.have
been sold, at steady prices, together with a cargo of 700 bags
Mauritius, at an average of about 73s per cwt. Nothing done in
Bengal.—Foreign Sugar. The sales amount to 95 cases, 280 brls.
and 620 bags brown Brazil, from 20s to 225, being in some instances
a shade lower; also 40 Mids. Cayenne, at 2,2 s 6d to tals tid, all to
the Refiners.—Bonded Retineth—Nothing to report.—The sales in
Molasses thi; week consist of 15u casks Demerara and Trinidad,
from the quay. at the quotations.—The sales 01 Plantation Coffee
have been quite unimportant, being confined to small lots, at pre-
vious rates, and of Foreign there are no transactions to report.=
Ginger. 900 bags Bengal sold at 16s to 16s tat per cwt. and too bags
fine black Pepper at 4. rd per lb.—No sales of Cocoa or Pimento.—
There is only a moderate demand for Rice, and the sales are 700
bags Bengal, at 13s per cwt.—Rum. The business consists of 150
casks Demerara, chiefly of fine qualities, 26 to 36 per cent. 0.P., at
as 7d to 6s 4d, with a few Jamaica at Cs 4d per gallon.
The Tea market continues heavy, and the little business done
has been at a decline of 2d per lb. on last week's quotations.
There is rather more inquiry for Indigo, and small sales have
been made at 3d to 4d per lb advauce.—The public sales of East
India Drysaltery articles were a failure, and, excepting a small lot
of China Turmeric, which sold at 345, nothing worthy of notice
was done.—ln Saltpetre scarcely a transaction has taken place.—
For Nitrate of Soda lower prices have been accepted; the sales are
about 600 bags, at 16s to 17s.
sDyewoods.—The market for these arteles remains steady, yet,
owing to rather weighty supplies, it has been found necessary to
accept lower rates both for Logwood and Instic ; of the former,
220 tons Campeachy were disposed of at £9 los to £lO, besides 50
tons Jamaica at £7 to £7 tOs per ton ; in Fustic, the transactions
embrace 330 tons Savanilla at £4 17s lid to £5, 20 tons Jamaica at
.£5 lys tid, 15 tons Tampico at .46 15s, and 10 tons Cuba at £lO per
ton. For 5 tons Gaboon harwood A 6 lOs were accepted, and a
similar quantity Red Sanders Wood realized -£8 as 6d; likewise
some small parcels Lima Wood found buyers at £l4 to £l5 lOs per
ton.—The demand for Turpentine has rather improved, and 1000
brls. of good quality have brought I3s. 3d per cwt.—Nothing new
in Tar.—Montreal Pot Ashes have been more sought for, and an
advance of 3d to tid per cwt. has been obtained, 245 6d having been
given fcr small parcels ; the principal holders now require 255 per
cwt. In Pearl Ashes there is no alteration of price.—llides. Some
extensive sales have been made in salted Monte Video at fair prices,
15,000 having been taken at qd to 41d per lh, (chiefly at the former
, quotation ;) a few dry salted Ceara brought 6id at auction, and 430
dry Valparaiso 7/d per lb.-40 tons Dividivi have been sold at £l6 58
' to £lB les per ton.—The sales of Tobacco during the week have
been 80 hhds,' without alteration in price.
There continues to be a limited demand for Brimstone, consumers
taking supplies in small lots only. without any change in prices.—
No sales worthy of notice are reported in Sumac, Cream of Tartar,
or brown Tartar.—Valonia has been dull of sale, and sonic public
sales attempted were withdrawn, there being no disposition to give
the prices required.—A few bags of Turkey ulue Galls were sold at
73s 6d per cwt.—Quercitron Bark remains much depressed, and the
whole sold only reaches 15 casks, at 12s to 13s per cwt. for Phila-
delphia.—There is a fair inquiry for Dutch Madder, and Id casks
realized our annexed quotations.—A parcel of 180 bales Turkey
Madder Roots changed hands at a figure which has not transpired.
—For Olive Oil there has been more inquiry than for sonic time
past, and some advance has been established on the common de.
scriptiOns, of which the sales have principally consisted; the quan-
tity sold is upwards of 100 tuns.—Some further parcels of new pale
Seal Oil, to the extent of about 80 tuns, have been sold from the
quay at £25 los ; in Cod Oil nothing done.—The demand for Seed
Oils continues languid, with the exception of Linseed Oil, for which
higher prices are demanded.—ln Oil of Turpentine no alteration
can be noticed; the price is steady.—The only sales reported in Palm
Oil are 40 tons, at A 34 Ii s to 434 Iss, and a small cargo, to arrive,
the price of which is not reported.—Baltic Hemp goes oft' steadily,
in small parcels, at oar quotation ; 400 bales Jute sold at £1 t los
to £ll 12s 6d, and 128 bales Stunt Hemp at £l6 per ton.—The Tal.
low market has become firmer, in consequence of the reduced stock,
and the few holders of good Odessa (upon which the demand chiefly
runs) now require 50s ; which rate has been paid during the week
for some small lots of Petersburg yellow Candle. 100 pipes South
American will be offered by public auction on Monday next. •
