MISCELLANEOUS.

A VETERAN.—Mr. Bellamy, the clerk of assize on the
Oxford circuit, has travelled with the judges about 106 times,
and appears vigorous enough to go a great many more.
BANK ROBBERY.—We have much satisfaction in being
authorised to state, that the whole blank stamp bill checks,
lately stolen from the Aberdeen Bank have been restored.—
Aberdeen Journal

Mr. Scroop Ayrton, the barrister, son of 'William Ayrton,
Esq., has been appointed by the Lord Chancellor registrar
of te Court of Bankruptcy. There were upwards of a 100
applicants for this office,
_ -- • •

It is rumoured that three of the present fifteen judges
(Parke, Littledale, and Bolland) will retire from the bench
previous to the next term.—Morning Herald.
Marshal Soult, we are assured, is to leave London on the
29th, to return to Paris by the way of Havre. The marshal
is to make the voyage on board the French government
steam-boat the " Meteore."—Courier.
SCOTCH KANGAROOS.—Last week two young gentlemen
performed the following feats in the Meadow, Edinburgh.
One hopped 100 yards in 31 hops, in less than a minute—the
other 50 yards in 17 hops.
ANTIQUARIAN DISCOVERY.—Two stone hatchets, a carved
stone dart, and 18 arrow-heads of flint were found a few days
ago in the river Banu, in the parish of Rasharkin, county
A n trim. —Newry Telegraph.
OLD COlNS.—Thirty silver coins, some about the size of
half-crowns, and the others the size of shillings, of the reign
of Elizabeth, date 1579, were found last- week in the neigh-
bourhood of Tullybacky.—Newry Telegraph.

A Belgium paper says that a bull is at present to be seen
at Antwerp, which weighs 3,0001bs It came three years ago
from the stock of an English breeder.

POPERY NO CHANGLING.—The Spanish government have
resolved to prevent the circulation of the New Testament
published by the London Bible Society, Papists will prefer
the Papal will to the Protestant Testament.
We understand that her Majesty has graciously acceded
to the request of the inhabitants of Leamington, "that they
may be permitted to call that Spa in future the Royal Leam-
ington Spa."
A traveller by one of the western mails, a short time since,
states that the coach was delayed full half an hour between
Bagshot and Salisbury, by the difficulty of rousing several of
ale lul ulilke gat.-kcopero. _

. _
The marriage of the Earl of Cavan with the Hon. Mi.
Littleton, daughter of Lord and Lady Hatherton, will be
solemnized in a few days. A splendid trousseau is preparing
for the bride elect.

The daughter of Sir Bouchier and Lady Wrey, of Tavis-
tuck Castle, Devon, is about to be united to a gentleman of
considerable landed property, and of ancient family in the
west.

It is said that the engine which conveyed Marshal Soult
to Boxmoor, accomplished the journey (48 miles) in an hour
and five minutes, and that the engine was at first at a speed
which would have done it, if not slackened, in 55 minutes.
The collections made at St. James's Church, Cheltenham,
after sermons preached by the Rev. Robert Montgomery, to
aid the building of a new Episcopal Chapel in Glasgow,
amounted to £lO9.

ROCHDAI.E FLANNEL MARKET, MONDAY, RUT 23.—To-
day the market has been thinly attended with buyers, and
business has been slack; prices are about the same as they
were the previous week. The wool market still continues
heavy, but prices remain firm.—Manchester Guardian.

- .
EXUBERANT LOYALTY.-At a coronation dinner at Win-
chester, one of the authorities, on having his health drank,
expressed a hope "that it would no: be the last meeting of
the kind," and said "if it were so, he was sure it would not
be the fault of the citizens."
We hear that the project of making a railroad from Wor-
cester to join the Grand Junction at Wolverhampton, to pass
through the thickly peopled northern districts of that county,
is again in agitation.—Gloucester Chron.

STATE OFTRADE, MONDAY.—We have to report a very
dull market to-day. Nothing was done in comparison with
the business transacted last week. The situation of the poor

hand-loom weaver, however, is a little improved by the em
ployment he finds in the hay-field.—Blackburn Standard.

It is rumoured, and we believe the statement to be true,
that the select committee in the houseof commons appointed
to inquire into the pension list have closed theirinquiry, and
have unanimously agreed to their report.—Observer.
STATE OF TRADE.—There is still a fair demand for some
descriptions of yarn, principally for the Russian market, but
at rather lower prices than heretofore. For goods of all
kinds there is but little inquiry; the wonted dulness of the
season being no doubt increased by the state of the cotton
market, which continues depressed and unsteady.—Manches-
ter Guardian.

THE COPPER TRADE.—Amount of Copper Ores sold in
Cornwall, in the quarter ending June 20th, 1838:—Copper
Ore, 26,876 tons 21 cwts.—Fine Copper, 2846 tons 11 cwts.—
Amount of money, £216,576. 10s.—Average Standard, £lll.
14S.—Average Produce, 7a,—Average price per 21 cwt.
£5. 17s. 6d.—Fahnoitth Express.

On Wednesday week the centre arch of Teignmouth iron
bridge fell in with a dreadful crash; fortunately no person
was passing at the moment. Since the accident an investi-
gation has been made into the cruses of the misfortune, and
it has been found that the piles on which the piers were
built have been completely destroyed by the ravages of the
worm.

Mrs. Mottrain the spouse of a gentleman residing near the
Foundling Hospital, presented her husband with a baby on
the morning of the day of George the Fourth's coronation;
she did the same on the morning of William the Fourth's;
and, to crown all, she did the same on the morning of our
youthful Victoria's coronation day.—Lit. Gazette. Fudge!

SHOCKING OCCURRENCE.—On Tuesday last, a stout young
man, belonging to Alloa, lost his life under the following
revolting circumstances. Lie had been drinking with some
pensioners on the evening of the above day, when, in order to
gain some foolish bet, he persisted in swallowing such a quan-
tity of ardent spirits, that he immediately died in consequence.
—Edinburgh Evening Post.

O'Connell proves himself a very Egyptian task-master,
and will, no doubt, very soon expect his ministerial vassals
to make bricks without straw. At present he leads them like
a will-u'-the-wisp into every onf,,,,re. and. havinff bog
to rind their way out again as welt as they can.
No wonder that the whips feel so little for white slavery,
when they themselves are compelled to submit to such bit-
ter and degrading slavery.
The Directors of the British Iron Company have succeeded
in raising the sum requisite to liquidate the demands upon
the establishment caused by the recent decision in the case
of " Small v. Attwood." The amount so raised is £300,000;
which has been raised by the issue of debentures bearing 5
per cent. interest; and with that sum all incumbrances and
costs of litigation will be settled, and the mines and works
brought into activity.—Merthyr Gum dim!.
FOREIGN CoprEit,—By Treasury order, dated the 25th of
July, foreign copper is allowed to be delivered from the ware-
house, for the purpose of extracting the silver therefrom sub-
ject to the same regulations and conditions as are contained
in the Treasury order of the 23d of January last, allowing
lead to be delivered fur a similar purpose.

The minority on Lord Ashley's motion, almost to a man,
consisted of Conservatives, the true friends of the people;
and the majori:y was made up, with scarcely an exception,
of Whigs and Radicals, the pretended friends of the poor.
Of the 13 members returned from Lincolnshire, one only,
Mr. Handley, voted in the majority with ministers. Two,
viz. Mr. Brownrigg and Col. Sibthorp, voted mu the minority
with Lord Ashley; the remaining 10 members were absent.
—Boston Ihrald.
APPORTIONMENT EXTRAORDINARY.—A woman, not a
hundred miles from Congleton, who owed ss. 4d. for poor-
rates, took the sum last week to the collector, whom she thus
addressed:—" Here's a shilling for thee, and a shilling for
the governor (of the workhouse), and a shilling for the gover-
ness, and a shilling for the parson, and a shilling for the
guardians, and here's fourpence for the poor,"—in saying
which she paid the sums mentioned in regular rotation as
above.—Macclesfield Courier.
THE WEATHER.—For some days past the weather has
been, upon the whole, favourable to the hayfield, and large
quantities have been housed in good condition. If it should
continue a week or so longer, we shall be able to state that
the season in this neighbourhood has terminated. We are
glad to find that there is now every prospect of the crops
being got in without the severe losses which were anticipated
a week ago.—Blackburn Standard.
How TO MAXE A FASHIONABLE NOVEL —Take a Lord
Charles (a younger son being preferable) and a Lady Char-
lotte; and, having stewed them over a very slow fire; through
two volumes, when they are in the third, kill an uncle, elder
brother, or some other bore, squeeze out the title and estate,
and serve up the young couple along with them. N.B. The
best description of parks and gardens are to be had from Mr.
George Robins.
We understand that great and effectual exertions have
been recently made to improve the travelling on the Great
Western Railway. The reports of its roughness have been
much exaggerated, and there is no foundation whatever for
the statement, circulated with considerable industry, that
tha directors are about to stop the traffic with a view to the
more permanent and substantial repair of the road.—Farley's
Bristol Journal.

COLONEL GORE LANGTON.—\Ve have heard that this gen-
tleman on numerous public occasions professes his firm and
unalterable attachment to the established church; and yet
he is said to have declared, on Thursday last, when present-
ing a petition from the papists and pro-papists of Bath, in
favour of Maynooth College, that " be had now sat in that
house forty years, and during that time he had never presented
a petition mure congenial to his own feelings.—lbid.

-CAUTION TO SEMTSTRES'RES.—On Saturday last died, Mrs.
Ann Iligham, of Nottingham. About nine months ago,
when sewing, she put some pins in her mouth which she took
out of her work, and in giving an answer in haste to one
who spoke to her, she pricked her tongue; it became in-
flamed, help was procured, and though several surgeons at-
tended her, none could arrest the progress of the wound; it
ulcerated, and at length terminated fatally.
SAILING OF THE GREAT WESTERN.—The following par-
ticulars of the starting of the Great Western steam-ship from
Bristol, on her third outward voyage, on Saturday evening
last. are' given by a correspondent of the Sun, in its number
of Monday evening last :—Bristol, Saturday,July 21...—" From
the complete success which has attended the experimental
voyages of this vessel, the public interest seems to be more
widely and deeply extended; at all events it is not wonderful
that such should be the case here. the city of her birth;'
and we have eood grounds for concluding, that the feeling is
more
in the fact that at every trip her freight is more and
more valuable. A large quantity of luggage, and a few of
the passengers, were put on board early this morning. In
the evening, at five &clock, we accompanied the bulk of the
passengers on board the Cambria. from the Stotwells to
Kingroad, where the Great Western was lying. At eight
o'clock she got under weigh and after three times three
hearty cheers given from the friends of the passengers and
directors on board the Cambria, St. David, and other packets,
and returned in the same manner from the passengers and
crew of the Great Western, we went a few miles a-head. In
a very short time she passed us, giving and receiving. one
more long, lingering cheer, and was quickly out of sight,
moving down the channel at the rate of nine or ten miles an
hour. Since her return voyage, the builder, Mr. Patterson,
has been busily engaged in fitting up a Round House' on
deck, which affords sleeping berths to 24 more passengers;
and it is wonderful that in so short a time the work could
have been completed, so as to present all the superior com-
forts found in every part of this vessel. But the best evidence
of her superior advantages in every respect is to be found in
the fact that every berth is taken, and ail the space allotted
to goods is crammed full. There were several applicants
after she was full, who were much disappointed : amongst
them were some from London and Liverpool. She carries
upwards of 120 passengers, amongst whom are Col. Webb,
editor of the New York Courier, Mr. & Mrs. Chas. Matthews
(Madame Vestris), Mr. Power, Mr. Peake, several- silk
merchants from Lyons, and a great many American passen-
gers, several of whom. came in a fortnight since, and have
done all their business, and are now on their way home. She
has also a very.valuable cargo of light or measurement goods,
consisting of upwards of 200 boxes of silks of the newest pat-
terns, a great part of which is exported from Lyons; also
several boxes containing splendid silk shawls, and a quantity
of silk lace of several hundred pounds in value. Her cargo
is estimated at £20,000. value, every nook and cranny where
goods could be stowed being filled. She is two or three feet
deeper in the water than she was on the last voyage out. She
carries despatches for Lord Durham. and there were 3180
letters from the post office,.aad about 5000 from that of the
Great Western; also about 2000 newspapers, and.a great
number of small parcels; besides which the passengers' lug-
gage was sufficient to freight a small steamer."
