HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MONDAY, MAY 13.
The SPEAKER took the chair a few minutes after 12 o'clock.
Mr. BENETT brought up the report of the committee -on the
Bath and Warminster Road Bill, and moved that certain
amendments thereto be now read.
After a conversation, in which Mr.G. LANcTot4 Mr. BENETT,
and another hon member took part, the gallery was cleared for
a division, and there appeared—
For receiving the-report 49
For the amendment
Majority —l2
Mr. J. YOUNG presented a petition from the dean, archdeacon,
anti clergy of Kilmorc, against the Irish Church Reform Bill,
which they declared to be unwise, unjust, and subversive both
of the rights and spirit of the Protestant establishment.
Mr. Ciures Look the oaths and his seat for Cirencester.

Colonel L. HAY preSented a
.petition from the ship-owners
Of Peterhead, setting forth certain grievances which they attri-
buted to the reciprocity system.—Referred to the committee on
manufactures.

great number of petitions on the slavery question were
presented to the house, and
The SPEAKER left the chair at 3 o'clock.

The SPEAKER resumed the chair at 5 o'clock.
Mr. ABERCRONIBY brought up the report of the Tiverton
election committee, which declared that the election, as regard-
ed the return of John Kennedy, Esq. was void.
A new writ was ordered to issue for the election of a member
for Tiverton.

Mr. H nmE brought up the report of the committee appointed
to consider the propriety of building a new House of Commons.
The hon. member stated that on the 4th of June he would move
that the house should adopt measures to carry the recommenda-
tion of the committee into effect.

Mr. GoosoN said that he would to-morrow submit the follow-
ing resolution to the house—" That the negro population in
His Majesty's dominions is entitled to immediate emancipation,
and that it is contrary to the Christian religion that the produce
of the labour of men in a state of bondage should be admitted
into the British dominions."
Sir R. PEEI, presented petitions against the Irish Church
Bill from Barnstaple and other places.
Mr. GOULBURN presented a similar petition from the chem.:
cellor, masters, andscholars of the University of Cambridge.
Mr. PRYISIE said that the petition was not unanimously
agreed to.
Mr. COCIIETT postponed his motion relative to Sir R. Peel
till Thursday next.
Lord G. SOMERSET hoped that the hon. member for Rochester
would fix a day when the motion .Tespeeting the borough of
Hertford woula certainly come oil, and also wished that he
would explain the nature of his motion.
