lahswer certain 170 THE LIVERPOOL STANDARD.
lathoenHedo,
, . . ...... . _... _„ . .. _. ._ ..._ ~.. . .. ~.. ,_... , __.... ..... .... _„. . Niss
_,
THE LONDON PRESS. As we have said the excuse intended to justify the go- his way to Lisbon against a hostile faction, the mutual upon this question have not been received, and yet the
vgse, but
vernment in this shameful arrangement is the policy of exasperation of the combatants would be too strong for king's servants, in their love of change, have, it seem-`, el,°°.•...emiteeeee.ememm.s.
THE NEW PARLIAMENT :—THE CONSERVATIVES. detaching Mr. O'Connell.frompnrsuing the repeal of the the control of his better principles of government. Such concocted their measure. Morning Post.
L tommittee of the House, to be e:
The long-expected assembling of the reformed Parlia- Union. This pretence is fraud. The evil of a repeal of a long-continued conflict, and such a hopeless prospect ~ 40tnemill
'
ary orders. The gener
inent, and that Parliament which is to do such wonders the Union is the same, whether-Mr. O'Connell pursue it of its speedy termination by the innate energies of the - THE GOVERNOR or JAMAICA. questions. The gel
and he refused to appear.
for the people—wonders which former Parliaments could or not ; and if Mr. O'Connell were to desert the pursuit parties themselves, would seem to lay the grounds of A Jamaica mail arrived yesterday morning, bringing.
not accomplish, in that they were corrupt and addicted to to-morrow, others of his party would be found to take it foreign interference, without affording any warrant for a intelligence up to the 18th ult. That intelligence is and the Duke of Man
boroughmongering—naturally excited some degree of pp. It is the old story—" Is Philip dead ? What then ? meddling officious policy in ordinary cases of domestic this time of the deepest importance. From the hour • done, dist)gli
.ed the House. He id
anxiety in the public mind. The great conservative Your system will keep up a perpetual succession. of Phi- dissension. . - which =the Eat]. of Mulgrave took upon himself the func and ~_ sOlve the House before it I
• . .- hims'lls /cave every public ere&
party, which may be said, without exaggeration, to com- lips:" Reward men- for successful agitation, and •you. But it is evident, that without a military or naval ex- tions of Governor there have been a series of contests ig„t e° with proroguing the Asset
prise within its ample circle whatever is virtuous and ho- will never want agitators. The money bags of the elder pedition, which England would be reluctant to employ in tween the Governor and the Board of Council on -0-ealetions from the Government
. 'era—
nourable in the community, may well contemplate the Grattan, earned by seditious charlatanerie, would not the quarrel, we can, unaided by other powers, do no- one part, and the House of Assembly on the other. A eon
ores and the Assembly was b
meeting of this new and heterogeneous assemble with suffer Emmett or Plunkett to rest in laborious contented thing. Spain is the next neighbour, and, from family question has finally arisen as to the right of the Board of and thelreNli-er:l cabinet councils, at
perfect calmness and confidences.; It is clear as demon- industry. Emmett was hanged, but the benefit of that connection, the most intimate ally of the Braganza fa- Council to Originate bills other than bills of impost, the :re bound to
aeciesiaorn wr,hetheaxtalm
stration itself that if the precious medley of raw legisla- compensating example was neutralised by the promotion mily. Without the support of the Spanish Court, our Board of Council asserting, the House of Assembly dee intt-ter convened the Assembly, ant
tors whom the ten-pounders have selected should be des- of Emmett's prosecutor ; for Plunkett is Lord Chancellor remonstrance with Don Miguel would be fruitless,—with nying, the right.. The Board of Council having declaretl? et, Government of the rights of
lined to do any the slightest good to the country, it can and a peer. Plunkett's money bags and his coronet the opposition of the Spanish Court, our more active in- that until the House of Assembly should distinctly recog- ten his apology at the bar of the
only be by actin. upon strictly conservative principles— propagate to O'Connell the dispositions derived from terference against him would be a war with the whole nice such a right the board would do no further business itice the examined. But this rig
by following out that system of domestic and foreign po- Grattan's success ; ' and' when O'Connell shall be pro- Peninsula, and, consequently, a general struggle in with the house—the house,- on the other hand, having (lislete sset:ably existed, withot
av • , and on innumerable occa
!icy which has so long been identified, under successive moted, an heir to the office of incendiary agitator will Europe on subjects of political opinion. It was, there- shown no diSpOsition tie comply with the demands or to mooted itself of the exercise of this
enlightened Governments, with the greatness and pro-. not be wanted. fore, of the utmost consequence to get the concurrence adopt the sentiments of the board—it has seemed advis- l taken on oath before committ
sperity of the empire. Let them do this, and prosperity 'But while the promotion of Mr. O'Connell would not or aid of Ferdinand's government in settling the Portu- able to the Governor to put a stop to the unfortunate col- tt, elite his lordship had received
will return as if by magic ; let them do aught else, and diminish the activity of ambitious or money-loving agi- guese question;. and the new system of liberal policy lision by the sudden dissolution of the House of Assembly, k rl4stubject of this right, a claim
the public distress will tar exceed in depth and intensity tators in his Own party, it will greatly impair the resist- adopted by the Regency of the Queen,—the natural sym- On this occasion he has made to them the address which hese o originate bills. This clai
relle and for more than half a ce
all that has hitherto been endured. We must not forget, ing force, which alone has prevented the dismemberment pathy which a-similarity of position with respect to the will be found in another part of our paper. tq l'ad it. It is well known that
however, that such cannot be deemed the • natural course of the empire during 40 years. The Protestants of Ire- rights of her daughter had created in favour of the young The first remark we have to make upon this address, Finc'tl never moves without the s
`'l
of things, and the desired result can only be hoped for land having had already abundant cause of disgust in the Queen of Portugal,—the, additional influence gained by and upon the circumstances which have called it forth, i 5 the?, e weird from him would proven
from the great influence of the conservatives throughout connection with England, must feel anything so outra- the Court of the Tuilleries, and many other circumstances this, that ministers made at the best an unfortunate lestrart which could produce a I
the country impressing a salutary bias upon the novel geous as placing them under the government of Mr. whiph we need not enumerate, combined to produce a choice when they sent the Earl of Mulgrave to Jamaica, vetch fl'ilusceerrtloalibeolfietftittactlatilmieywva•!
and anomalous assembly now convened. The hateful O'Connell as a final dismissal : they could have nothing hope that the weight of the Spanish government would The island was yet reeking with the blood which, in a •ty.jekor; the Council refused to irti
tendency of the reform bill to disfranchise property and to fear after a repeal of the Union worse than this. T 1
-ley at last be thrown into the scale of Don Pedro. The most sanguinary struggle, had been profusely shed; the fires iced the Assembly. Lord Mulgrav
education does not admit of a doubt, but we shall not to would, therefore, cease to oppose a measure which would zealous exertions ofMr. Addington the British Minister, in which the inheritance of the opulent and the hoardings (4,4 neuter, adopts the conduct a
the last relinquish the hope that the country will yet be place them in no worse circumstances, as Protestants, and those of M. Billing, the Frencli Charge d'Affaires, of the industrious had been consumed were scarcely ex- tlie4ves the Assembly before its I
saved, in spite of the bill, by the patriotic exertions of while it would, at least, promise an improvement of their at Madrid, were employed,.. not without success, in the tinguished ; between the fear of punishment on the one. ti,..s.tial supplies raised. He has t
thi srea•test embarrassments and th
the conservatives. . position as Irishmen. Nor is it in Ireland only that an first instance to prevent Spain from taking an active part side, and the thirst for vengeance on the other, society ne'seesen, is calculated not' mere
That the more enlightened even among the Whigs them- avowed connection of the administration with the Roman against the Constitutionalists, and subsequently in in- was convulsed to its very foundations. It was rumoured, sn't „,amongst the slave populatio
selves begin to shrink from extreme principles and to lean Catholic movement, would greatly dispose men's minds dicing the Spanish government to view them with fa- too, that ministers were about to introduce a revolutionarf tqQatants in collision with the wh:
to Conservative views is obvious; and we need not go to favour the repeal project. : . ' your. change into the institutions of the island, and to destroy? (4)lBl;ent* We ask this question—
further for proof of this than the recent number of the The repeal were an evil, but the admission of popish In the former case the diplomatic influence of France for the sake of its introduction, the independence of tile l'i,ke xpeet to preserve the islan.d o
leave Lord Mulgrave as its
Edinburgh Review, to which we beg to call attention. councils into the administration of this Protestant king-
and England was more powerful than in the latter. It colonial legislature. At this time, for the pacifying of 46tic Ledger.
We are happy to be informed by this enlightened and dam were a worse; and, Englishmen would, in a very could master the violent party which in summer and the past disorder, and for the facilitating of future change, to
n.
—.....
consistent Whig organ that the Bank of England, so little time, learn to prefer the former—just as men choose beginning of autumn directed the S • 1 Cabinet • pants i, but whom did the Cabinet entrust the governorship of
long an object of horror and contempt to the party, is a the loss of a gangrened limb, rather than to allow the Jamaica? To some distinguished officer perhaps, capable Z.' OM 71aSeaNT 11.11 ir E
it could only exert an uncertain and wavering control
very valuable institution, and that "the public interests mortification to reach a vital organ. The repeal, there-of awing into submission men whom he could not per-
over the vacillating policy of the Regency sometimes FRANCI
will be best promoted by renewing the Charter." The fore, would not be rendered less certain; but on the other suede into consent, able to enforce peace where he could wile Duchess de Berri inclined to support Don Pedro, and sometimes to stand has been re.
usual charges against the Bank are dismissed with the side, Mr. O'Connell would effect the measure in the not expect co-operation ; or to some eminent civilian, by 'tgattr? assured that she is uow cony
neutral between the two brothers,—sometimes inviting
utmost contempt, and the reviewer is " bold to affirm ' quietest way serving his own ambitious views at the whom the precise limits of the privileges of the colonial sgh:ah Spain, Naples, &c. are
his ships to enter the Spanish ports, and sometimes send-
that there is not a single particle of truth in these state- same time •; an& Lord Grey would, almost "sine stre- parliaments might be fully recognised and fairly ex- A, a' On this question, practises
ing orders for their departure or exclusion.naval force of enYht she s of th
meats." The Directors are pronounced to be "able pitu," rid hiffiself of the most difficult problem of the '" plained, whose reproof might be listened to with defer- tied • with c, . .1) TiThe project of the British and French Cabinets would least, out great expedition at 1
and intelligent men;" with a little alteration, we are many that perplex his government. ence at if nut with satisfaction; or, at the least, to ,0,(1, for the Levant.
told, the system woud attain " all the perfection of which In the mean time, however, we think it only fair to all seem to have been to procure the intervention of Spain some practised statesman, whose years might command. ''.fle Diligente sloop of war has sat
to induce Don Miguel to surrender his claim to the Por- gent mission
it seems capable ;" even when the Directors did fall into parties,' that wereprint here the concluding sentence- of some reverence, whose experience might convey' some to Alexandria.
a solitary error, "It is evident that their proceedings the article, as it will be convenient to refer to by and by : tuguese crown, on their joint enlagement to withdraw presumption of wisdom. No such thing. The King's
Don Pedro from the field and to eave the uncontested HOLLAND AND were influenced from first to last by a desire to promote "As for an overture to Mr. O'Connell coming from his Ma- v t representative in Jamaica is a writer of fashionable novels, Rsgr,
his daughter, the prize to
the public interests ;" it is impossible indeed, the writer iesty's ministers! we have heard before now ohn.en lickinga painter of Lord Johns and Lady Marys, a performer of espataß'
assures us "that any institution could have been better ,
dust, but that Lord Grey should lick the dust from under the to gi uncle . 'ye her her already betrothed hand. The plan
vaudevilles, a familiar of the green room, who answers w es to London by a special'
I,e answer of the Government to th
et.ritator's feet, we shall believe possible, when we sec It, and appears almost too fine and smooth to succeed. Each
managed than the Bank of England during the last se- petition with a gesture, and a remonstrance with an atti- 14-,,land and France respecting the
not till then." party was to withdi•aw their man, like two pieces of equal-ewe . •
yen years; and we are finally assured " that if we gotide ,who • has taken out, as his stock in trade, carmine 1 cedes this much—that the river
If, hereafter, any one should have cause to call Earl value on a chess-board without considering the dificul-
further, and take away the exclusive privileges of the , i and enamel! tunics and tiaras, Inchbald's British Thea- 10)1 nations, with the exception oh
Grey a lickspittle, we may remember the source to which ties of the move, or the intricacies of the game. If Don t ir.441, it seem; there is no met
Bank. of England, and entrust Government with the tre, and the Repertoire of the Gymnase.
he is indebted for that honourable title.—Standard. Miguel, who has shown a too eager passion to reign, is rurther said that the existence o
power of issuing paper, we shall not be making changes The next remark we make is, that the -discretion with 4 French and English
vessels is d
for the sake of improvements; we shall be guilty of. the sure of success against his brother in Oporto, he, of which
his lordship's controversy with the House of As- :e_lubargo on our ships, and the li
The Dublin 'me papers have; for some days, been supply-
course, would not obey the simple mandate to withdraw;
fully of subverting an establishment with which we have . sembly is conducted is much what might have been anti- ' etained as prisoners. Alorcover, it
ing us with variousrumours, all • bearing upon the same and if Don Pedro is equally confident in his prospect of •
been long acquainted, which enjoys the entire confidence the
cipa e our p . g. . nter-propositions will be ma
Point, namely, acceptance of office by Mr. O'Connell raising the siege,—of advancing upon Lisbon, andof }ranee but
iikst d , that, on the contl
of' the public, and which, if it does not fully answer, may Perhaps there is no question more difficult of determina-
on morning
punder the are din• 'tar n A Lund y a ims rto . . reigning as regent in the name of his daughter, he would • e upon by those Powers with s
easily be made to answer, every legitimate purpose that . isLion than that which relates to the authority which the •el'ii are
Journal, which celebrated for the delicacy of its lan- be equally refractory to the voice of his allies. In short, • me, . now again proposed in re
a great public bank ought to serve, in order to introduce i imperial parliament is entitled to exercise over the cold- ksa ot the Scheldt; and that the og
age, in alluding to the subject, says,—" the whole it is extremely difficult to see a termination of this fatal •
machinery of which it is impossible accurately to foresee gu is . . vial assemblies, and the period at which its exercise ought pled as a preliminary to any furl
story a piece of despicable humbug." contest now going on at Oporto, without more blood, or
the resules, but which, in as far as they can be ascer- This to begin. Let our readers call to mind the cautious, yet i 4 N. 28.—Some persons affirm
elegant way of contradicting time rumour convinces such an overwhelming interference on the part of ther_n.oraers to open the Scheldt I
dignified tone in which Mr. Canning addressed the House '.
rained beforehand, may be expected to prove expensive
us •• Wh
and disastrous." We like all this much, considering the inof Commons on this point, and then let them admire five .1. the ranch Englishvessels
• our contemporary to waste half a column of his paper war. e .
quarter from which it comes, and take it, in conjunction • elaborate flippancy with which the author of Matilda u,' orders for removing the emba
in aleading article upon a " despicable humbug." Besides, •
with other circumstances, as evidence that some portion— flings in the face of the House of Assembly- the doctrine 4'4/lepers. Jan. W.
there is a great deal of soreness on the part of the writer The foregoing observations were written on the p • re-
at least of the motley Cabinet is aware of the import- . . of " every constitutional lawyer." Let the dicta of the
in question. He says:— sumption that there was some truth in the reports of the SPAIN.
ante of falling back upon Conservative principles. Earl of Mulgrave be correct, and his principles sound, I ,
coming from his Ma- French papers, that the mission . •
of Sir Stratford Canning still his he Madrid
correspondent of
.ti
Upon the re-appointment of the late speaker we cannot . 4';' LuTiiri7e,rtiire:l.llr. O'Connell
fnow oemen licking th
but sincerely congratulate the public, and it must tend to 'Yost, but that Lord Grey should lick the dust from under the- agfe- had failed. We have since learnt, On better authority, . ix eh. that as far as the rms.
to attack. It is dangerous to scrutinize too narrowlY leg "• •
W was intended to assist the cat
that these re orts are alto ether erroneous,—that our
give a character of constitutional regularity to the pro- tutor's Aet, we shall believe possible, when we see it, and not 13 , g ~these arcane imperil. We should not discuss 'without `"
n 41, it has entirely failed. The Si
ceedings of the new house, and as it attests the high es- till then." ambassador nact been most graciously received by the consideration what we cannot decide without risk. 'Y h • 1,,,, . me recognized Don Miguel as
timation in which those principles are still held of which This is cruel ! Lord Grey has already "licked the dust King and Queen on the 15th instant.—that he was to Time last remark we make is, that the noble novelist 4i-11nerfere in any way now to (let]
the right honourable gentleman is the consistent and un- under the agitator's feet," and why should he not do so enter on the business of his mission immediately after- and governor has not profited so much as we might have (10 aare, what must be perfectly true
swerving advocate. In vain Mr. O'Connell alleged, again ? The noble earl admitted, in the House of Lords, wards, —and wards —and that he had every prospect of succeeding in
' by 1 • , t home without •mixin 7 the 1
expected his long courtship of his country's muses. etajects • . 6 mse
that " placing a tory in the chair of that house would be at the time when the honour of a silk gown was conferrethe object
for which he was sent. Even, already, the Wisdom we could not reckon upon; eloquence we- had .
_ of other nations. In oth
~41111ino• is likely to be more sue
news of his arrival at Madrid is stated to: have produced
the triumph and consummation of toryism ;" the minis- upon time "agitator," that he had been desirous to con- no right to demand. But tolerable sentences we may t's'iliert'vvhich England may give t
terial proposition, supported by the conservatives, was ciliate that exemplary person, and turn his talents to the the best effects in Portugal, and to hake much lowered fairly desiderate in so accomplished a maker of little oc- omen in strengthening the Queen's
the tone of the Miguelites. None will more
carried by an immense majority. The Times goes so advantage of the government. May not this desire on sincerely tavos. Let any man observe how. the relatives and the 4,1.'5
,Vrincess as successor to the 1
far as to say, that ministers would themselves have been the part of Lord Grey be revived ? If so, it is unpardon- rejoice than ourselves at a speedy adjustment of this ha- antecedents chase one another through the second pare- lhecr'eati, advantages of great imp
beaten if they had not acted with' the conservatives on able cruelty on the part of a ministerial partisan to charge zardous Portuguese question, and we have only allowed graph of his lordship's discourse, and say whether the "lotedbave been !Jule slight distil?.
, y the Carlists • but the cape
this point, so little real hold do they appear to have upon the premier with licking the dust under Mr. Daniel our foregoing observations to remain in order to show Minerva Press ever flirted so abominably with synthesis- extra • '
that we still consider it as surrounded with no common We Kings •fa aof a letter of the 18th in:
the new house. O'Connell. With the agitator, the appointment to the difficulties,
Certain it is, that from whatever causes, an impression Attorney--Generalship would be a mere question of mo- and yet, that previous to our new inform- subjects according to his instructions; but surely for big la kingdom kingdom of Granada; of '1
tion, we thought it a subject which warranted, or de-has recently obtained, that an increased bias now exists nes•. 11 he could earn more by this than by begging,assaults upon the leing's English he is personally respon- , ga; and those of Estremadura
towards constitutional 'views and conservative policy ; and the place were offered him, he would be sure to ac- mantled the zealous interference of our government.—n. sible.—Morning Post. I,e-eses of adherence to the system
• Minister of the Interior daily re(
hence the late rise in the funds, and symptoms of reviv- cept of it; for might he not reasonably calculate, as Lord- Thies • , Publish political and literary jo
,
ing confidence through the country. But we warn the Plunkett did; not the • simple emoluments' of office, but Much as we have condemned the unconciliatory policy no' •• '"P9ttant )a. toact in • ain as
lb, hart Sp
ministry that no insulated acts, however proper in them- the means of providing for his needy sous—" his poor THE WEST INDIA QUESTION. sued by the Government for many years towards our Colonies, if ; 1
t--Y.n. tne s stem of the govern'
t some of the evils of that policy nave been mitigated by the .litie 1 y' . , , o.
selves, will attract public confidence unless the whole dear childer"—and his hungry cousins ? We say no- We have forborne to notice the report that has been cur - conciliatorya and discreet conduct-IA those who have been sent the a., ideas, to which the Spanish
system of their policy be in unison with sound principles. thing about licking the dust ; that is a matter of taste; rent for these two days respecting the intention of ministers out as Governors. Thus, iu the extensive. island of Jamaica, •
:ttliell•two.asThe irltetrreredcatison of thlaetite o;
Rebellion in Ireland and radicalism in England must be but let the offer be made, and Mr. O'Connell is Attorney- towards the West India Colonies, because the tatal aboli.• zealous as it has always been in maintaining the constitutional ;„4:11.tr
a•rY, thlensrlesult of aacnoirsiso
irade ,
put down, and the inalienable rights of the monarchy es.
eneral of Ireland, before the Ides of March.—Guardian lion of slavery there in three years, without any compen- rights and privileges of its house of Assembly, we have seen a in le. Among the prisoners tPaken.
fearlessly vindicated. 'We also entreat the conservatives and Public Ledger. sation to planters, which is the measure spoken of as in Noble-D.uke ad •no• for twenty years its Government, "Ord
mitfisterl !, . . Aiii the er to save his life, promised to
and he was enabled by his Just respect for the
.prwileges of
the '
not to be deceived by appearances, but steadily to per- ' the contemplation' of Government, is so monstrous ande sub' tH. declarations have
. Legislature, and by recouciliatinv any occasional differencea
.0,, for jec . Is
fnso t
severe in that course of temperate and united action from THE PORTUGUESE BUSINESS. so entirely at variance with policy and justice, that we between its two branches, not only to carry with him their o treat number_ perso
have
f h
which so many beneficial results are even already visible. It is evidently in the interest of humanity that the preL hesitated to believe that it could have been ever thought concurrence in many of the measures which he has required 011 the of persons ha he
Rey day when some groups at N
--Morning Post. sent sanguinary civil war should be speedily brought to a of even by the Cabinet of which Lord Grey is the head, to recommend to them, but to preserve the peace and trap' 4
se eY Carlos Kr the town of St..
termination in Portugal,—it has now been continued fraught with mischief as have been all. their official acts ;after his • enes quillltr .of the. island. . Once. only, and that sltertly
arrive in the colony, did he interpose in opposition to the just IV 4°oa the Episcopal •
Palace, was
THE MINISTRY :—MR. O'CONNELL. nearly five years, for we must regard the usurpation of but proofs now thicken too much for us to doubt the re- nivilwies of the assembly, audit is ' singular that it should have t e Royalist The Times tries to be very humourous to-day upon Don Miguel, in the spring of 1828, as the commence- port, although the West India body themselves are stu- Leen on'that very subject which has been selected by the pre upon,4:l'l took.l( olunteers, commanht
the subject of the negotiations with Mr. O'Connell ; af- ment of the struggle, and the Oporto expedition of the diously kept in the dark upon the subject by. his Majese sent Governor of Jamaica as a pretext for quarrellintrwith the •tisplayed,
great uepnearrmvs
the
1
tl insure
fecting to suppose that the bribe said to be offered to the summer of 1832 as a repetition of the Oporto expedition ty's Ministers, from whom they can gain no information. Assembly, and abruptly dissolving that body, at a time and c 0
it Their case igs'under examit
learned gentleman is the Chief-Justicesliip of Tobago. of the summer of 1828. Even before that time, and from The postponement of the meeting at Exeter Hall for the under circumstances, which evince such a degree of folly and quasPirators of Madrid and Toledo.
We can answer for ourselves, that we never heard of the death of King John in 1825, to the arrival of Don immediate abolition of slavery in the colonies, has, we atssitiuldtrsititratedtuolv.hinieltehiltetnoVeqancfseter . est,tds have just been discharged.
the Chief Justiceship of Tobago in the affair. The office Miguel in 1828, the parties had taken their stand, all& ' understand, occurred, because the promoters of it are was suCceeded by Gen: Sir John Keane and Lord Behnore, and' ails oat Virthiesrteirantrair;eu,e.s, hafs been es
of which we have heard, and of which we still believe the country was agitated with actual insurrection, or aware of the success of their efforts, and that the Govern- these. governors preserved the same discreet and conciliatory '3Pterda a long conferenceerreue.nt
with
that it was offered to Mr. O'Connell, is the Attorney Ge-
'threatened commotion. Thus have seven long years ment is ready to do all they can wish. Ministers are not policy. The Earl of Mulgravc, known only to the public as n i
114-BterYof Foreign Mill'
neralship of Ireland—an office that would probably ena- passed in a contest to determine whether one member of yet committed to Parliament and the country, whatever f
fashionable novel writer, was selected for the government o. Mill's was pre;
ble a gentleman of Mr. O'Connell's talents and repute- the Braganza family or another shall possess the throne they may be to the_projectors of the 'recently postponed -Jamaica at a period when the island was agitatedaud convulsed
by an insurrection' of the most aallin., -character. He met ; 0 PORTUGE
tiun, to earn even more money_ than he now derives of an impoverished and harassed kingdom. Thus has 'meeting at Exeter Hall. One short week, however, may the Assembly, for the first time, with a speech unexampled in coi,Z?RTO, JAN. 12.—The Chronicc
from a precarious, and somewhat, humiliating subscrip- industry been interrupted, trade destroyed, the country, pledge them past redemption. If any, even the most re. its length, and in its unnecessary introduction of topics which of trnos_
_in the official part decree
lion ; while a man of his vigour of mind and energy placed' under military despotism, the prisons been filled mote, allusion be made to so fatal a measure as that we must inevitably call for an answer from the Assembly, assert- i ',..t owing ten our : .
of temperament, in the station of Attorney General, with the victims of despotic oppression, confiscation and have already noticed in the speech from the throne, from ing its rights of legislation,in its internalgovernment, and the nail consequence consequence of the re yes
would soon engross in his own hands all the legal funs- robbery been adopted as the system of the govemtnent, that moment will cease the control of Great Britain over greater necessity of. maintaining. those rights, in consequence kill''' relieves him from the office
I their no longer obtaining, under the Ite.orna II any
bons of government, as he has long since possessed thebn, most enlightened part of the nobility, of the army, the West India islands, and the destruction of private sect representation in the House of Commons. .'lo this answe .tin 'in di-
-2 land 3. In like manner discharg
himself of all the substantial power that any individual and of the_ learned professions, together with a great body property will commence there. Goaded on to despera- Lord Mulgrave gave a reply, which we believe even his Majes- kid, da Silveira, Minister of Fin
can exercise, no matter in what station. of the best citizens, been driven into exile, and cons- Lion by the artful insinuations of designing demagogues, -ty's Ministers condemned. It was a lecture on the supremacy ' 4.apouzinho de Albuquerque, M
On Mr. O'Connell's side there can be no want of mo- pelted to look for a return to their native country only the poor ignorant negroes have no means of judging of Parliament, and one would suppose he had laboured to make . Affa,_Ppoints the Marquis de Loul
five to take this office if the opportunity is presented to through blood and confusion, in order to resolve the ques- between a preliminary step to the fatal measure -anl aselaction of opinions and expressions which should be most 5.......1. _ .
Candido Jo
him. To himself it would be a source of great profit tion, whether a wretch who was ba-nisbed from Portugal that measure itself, and any allusion to immediate aboli- w
offensive,h()tije and Itiell.Z.
lilt titr2:twivtrbe.oadt Loofdmereazot: trioeteirtoriuts Senhor
and greater influence, and es his Hainan Catholic noun for rebellion against his own father, and who has been lion would be the watchword for insurrection and mss- of temper, passed a resolution declaratory of their rights coa,ilt these decrees, dated the 12th,
trvmen he would stand fully justified by the power of called " a monster of a new kind" by a French minister, sacre. If Mr. Buxton and his coadjutors were to turn as a branch of the legislature of the colony, and, to avoid pro- cha„,,,e_r_,signed by Bernardo de lalsic
serving their common interests and promoting the object should be allowed to usurp . a throne which belonged to their attention towards the'abolition of white slavery in trading the dispute, alistained from sending it to the governor. 7
,s7t d interim with the function
of their common ambition, with which he would be in-- his niece. Thus has Europe been canvassed from one this country, so many ' • It' ofwhichh
retie ing instances
rashness of the governor. A pretext was to be found for ore' 4f p,.,°guel, ra, Minister of the Marin
vested as Attorney General of Ireland. end to the other, in favOur ,of one or other of the clais been recently brought before the public, and not urine- t' amg a rupture with the Assembly. Lord Mulgrave moots an -en''esikea Affairs and the Interior,
On the other side, not only are the forty votes which mants,—expeditions been prepared by the exiles wiser- cessarilv irritate the well-fed, well clothed, and comfort-. abstract proposition—whether the Assembly had a right to de" ley the wilowing is au extract of a
Mr. O'Connell can directly command, and the seventy ever they could find generous friends or free-born allies, ably-lodged negroes of the West India islands, their phi- legate to its committees the power of exauuning witnesses on .. Lei last packet :
which lie can, in a great degree, influence, an object of —the northern capital of the Portuguese kingdom held lanthropy would have some practical advantage in it • oath. If his lordship had kept his meditations to himself, he lout st,stliole, JAN. 19.—Lord Nerve
serious consideration to Lord Grey, Mre O'C. may also for more than six months by the latten—much blood been but the principles of political economy must not be inter-' might perhaps haveh. learnt. enough of' time history
.o!hthlevhcioclare
,Great °
le here is aware of thei, objet
he said even to hold in his hands the present Cabinet's shed on both sides,—and at last the two brothers been fared with, though thousands of children are brought to ttlomlacrsslsledlinuntisill ofAtitlinofiNnliecree o,fatshietorls74ect which ''tltlie i 8 PreparationsPlanning
VlDlaraeslll,,,
Zila I
tenure of office. A precipitate movement in Ireland on bropght within sight of each other, and almost into per- a premature grave every year by the grossest cruelty in called For his speculating on this and still less for tut% i 8
to havjseverity pieces of a
the part of those repealers whom the Premier aided so sonal conflict. ' supporting them. Mr. Buxton's philanthropy depends 1 (I, to it., 'whole his making his speculations the su-bject of a communication to 800 a, mount I. he. ls.
povverfully at the elections, would awaken the church If after a long period of fierce warfare the great pow- upon the colour of the object. White children must work the House, he gratuitously sends a message to that body, deny' !to the s‘.t..he late firing at
and the
Fri
party in (Treat Bsitain, still infinitely the most powerful ers of Europe interfered to 'terminate the struggle in' until they drop at the feet of the ruffians who are inces- innovih. earightintemperateAssembly,
intemperate
ostoilltaidiectourcetd
ctoontasrewenitdhertiso
aant,
! Lthisbenn'gtoatt6)eporto, d
free entry of I'l
in the country, though so inadequately represented in Greece as a nuisance to modern civilization, the same sanity lacerating them in the most brutal manner, whilst refer 111 ilingessialaseXea.cora'mittee fora report, and the committee' yescite,,el hostile visit . A 'French IA
parliament, and there would want but the awakening of motives should prompt them to consult the laws of liu- the black inhabitants of the West India islands, in the en- proceeded taniquire into the origin and history of its exercise- whihiV, but was not allowed to c
this party to send the present men out of place—per- manity on this occasion. It is quite evident that if the joyment of every comfort, are to be held up as the objects .I'he slightest inquiry, unless indeed he was determined, at all howev_zolglish vessels have free l
Laps, to consign them to a deserved punishment. Here, usurper can make- himself master of Oporto, we shall of the deepest commiseration. There is still much infor- events, to quarrel with the Assembly, would have brought to 'Nrs-1., proceeds rather from feat
then eve have concurrent interests directing Lord Grey hear of massacres and atrocities ties which Europe has not illation to be gained upon this vital subject. Lord Bel- his knowledge 'that instance to which we have alluded in tle,
_1,1!1, Nt.Tt any' hive borne to th
. Duke of Manchester's administration, which would have tatiota: y ~,,, ,r I ent (120) was sent off 1
to negeciate an arrangement with Mr. O'Connell, and witnessed for centuries among the nations of the west. more and the delegates from Jamaica are now here, who Lord Mulg ave that the ex is tof that • l d b ' ar• l'"' to r • "• • -d, "•
rig it. ha een recol, i teed . receive as it is sat Sir
Mr. O'Connell to meet. his lordship half way. This, The success of Don Pedro might not be attended by the must be thoroughly acquainted with all the details of the nised by hisr.Majesty's Goveerriniincent. It was this—Major Gene' nit Tither from Madrid, on his I
even without the attempt of the Times to discredit the same reaction, if he were now to gain a triumph by the 'West India question. The reports from the committees sal Carmichael was, in .1808, the commander of the force., this there' is some doubt.
story, confirms uslin, our belief. , . desertion of his brother's troops; but if lie has to fight of both Houses of Parliament which have been sitting' Seme of the fore s' lugguel there a
officers of the gazrisimwere summoned be to
co re certainly advices :
• arm . .
me hither.—Telles Uordao
• .
~,. Y, it is said in disgrace.—E]
,lo 26.,.
, k
Jietemv
ore
1104 nd,
•tf f.
4-tallatis
Jr. W_
